FICTION. I Cra-i E.gllefc, Aaa.rlcaa, .a« «mar Pirl.illMli. IÍE ROMÄHClTir^^ IMBER1T_.»CE. CHAPTER XÏV. SIB WILMA* BBCOKHU OUABDIAN. ' Very distressing were the thoughts of the young baronet, who hod BO suddenly returned to his home and been stricken with illness. He bad been sick at Alexandria when be received the document notifying him that Virgie waa seek- ing a divorce. He] was absolutely paralyzed aa ho read it and ?aw by the date that it would be utterly impossible for him to reach America in season to stay the pro- ceedings. He could not even reach England in season to cable for that purpose, and he waa so overcome by the knowledge and his own helplessness, as to render him unable to travel for a couple of weeks -.i»«-«,., ulm uuouio I«J waiui ior a cgupie 01 weess longer. One thing'gave him some satisfaction. He at least knew that Virgie was in San Francisco, and that she must have boen residing in the State for some time to allow her the right to apply for the «livorce there. She must have boen there oven while he was there searching Tor her, and it seemed terribly cruel to him that he should hare missed her. But he resolved that he would find her yet, if she lived. Poor darling ! what a bitter lot had been 'lers during this lost year, believing what she must of him. It should not go on, however ; he would seek her and vindicate himself ; he would prove to her that he had never wavered in his truth to her in spite of all the evidence against him. He would prove his love for her, and ho would win her again ewe» though the dread decree had been pronounced, bring her back with him to Heathdale, and they would be happy yet. And his child-tho precious little one whom he had never seen ! His heart oried ont for her with an uncontrollable yearning-hie baby, his minia- ture Virgie. He started the moment he was able, and travelled incessantly until he reached England, where, utterly spent with weariness, anxiety, and sleepleBBneaa, he felt that ho must reat for a few days to gather strength to go on. Thua, as we already know, he went directly to Heathdale, where ho arrived on the very evening that Lady Linton had received the papers an ; nouncing that his wife had secured a decree of divorce. He was very wretched in spite of his sister's hearty welcome and efforts to render him comfort- able ; and during her absence from the room to seo that something unusually nice should be prepared for him, anxious, bitter thoughts crowded his mind, and he rebelled against the arbitrary weariness and lassitude that bound him aa with chains of iron and compelled him to rest. Gradually, however, his glance bogan to wander about' the familiar room, lingering now upon some picture, now upon some rare article of virtu, each endeared by poculiar associations, unti( at length it rested upon the table and that document, which his sister had dropped and forgotten in her sur- prise at his appearance. Its likeness to the one he had previously received startled him. He arose and went forward to examine it. Its post-mark told him at once whence it had come. A deadly paleness overspread his face ; a horrible numbness fell upon his heart. With trembling hands ho toro it open, and one glance was sufficient to tell him the nature of its contents. It was the one bitter blow too much, even though he had half expected it ; and, with a despairing cry that should have melted the hardest heart " Lost ! lost ! Virgie, my love ! my love !"--he fell prone upon the floor, clutching that fatal paper in his grasp. Long weeks/of watching and anxiety followed weeks during which Lady Linton began to fear that elie was ipying dearly for her plotting and treachery, oven though her son might become the master of Heathdale in the event of her brother's death. * But he did not die. His constitution waa naturally rugged, and by the end of the winter, after many alternations of hopo and fear, he slowly began to rally. As Boon as he was able to be dressed and sit up, he began to talk of going again to America. Of course Sir Herbert Randal vetoed such a pro- position at once. '.You are not to stir outside the grounds of Heathdale for three months at least," he said, decidedly. , " But I must, Sir Herbert ; you have no idea how much is at stake," the sick man pleaded. " You must not. I cannot help how milch there is at stake," returned the physician, firmly. " I hare had work to get you up, even so far, from this nervous prostration, and the least excitement or imprudence will cause a dangerous relapse." And so, with despair at his heart, Sir William was obliged to submit. He tried to write to Virgie, intending to send the letter to her through the lawyer whom she had employed, and whose name had appeared in con employed, ana wnose name naa appeared in con- nection with the papers he had received, but he could not ; he found that his brain was too weak to permit of the framing of even a sentence, and he kndw that he could never plead his cause success- fully in such a state. He shrank from asking any One else to write for him ; his sister, he know, was not in sympathy with him'and he would not confide in her. When his mind had become strong enough to , realise what was going on about him, he had one day'' asked Lady Linton to bring him both docu- ments that had come to him from America. She obeyed him, making no comment, though her manner betrayed that she knew well enough their character. ' , He ' told her to lock them in a certain drawer which no one was ever allowed to open save himself' £¡hé did so'in his presence, and earnestly hoped, as the key clicked upon them, that that episode ia her brother's life was buried for all time. But she was riot long in findi&g; that she was ta be disappointed. .. > , Aa summer advanced Sir W/lliam gained mora rapidly, and by August he was pronounced corapara tively well, although he was still but the ghost «f his former self. , , j Thon ha announced his determination of again crossing the Atlantic, and Lady Linton's heart fail I'd her. Would he never relinquish his chase afUr that miserable girl ? She earnestly pleaded that ho would not leave home again. " I must," he replied, sternly. " I must find my wifi»." " Your wife !" she retorted, losing all patience} "you have no wifo." " Be still, Miriam," he commanded, growing frightfully pale. " I see that you know what has occurred, and though the law may bavo succeeded in breaking the tie between us, yet in my heart I claim Virgie as my wife juct as truly to-day as Bhe ever wa». I will search the world over for her j if I find her the law will give her to me again, for I believe that she is still true to me, whatever she may thiuk of me ; if I do not find her I shall live and die cherishing her image alone." Lady Linton knew that he meant what ho said. " That will be bad for Sadie's hopes," she thought ; *' but doubtless Percy will be the gainer, unies.1 he succeeds in finding that girl. I never believed his pride would let him go chasing after her'like this." The last of Amgust found him again on the ocean. The voyage proved beneficial, and he was in much better health and strength when he landed in New York than when he left Engand. He proceeded directly to San Francisco as fast as steam and wheels could take him, determined to seek out Mr. Templeton, Virgie's lawyer, who, he BeeK ua. Dir, xt-iujuubuii, rugit* u lawful, «rnu, no believed, would tell him where Bhe could be found. But a terrible disappointment awaited him there. Mr. Templeton had retired from business at the beginning of summer, and with his family, had gone abroad for an indefinite period. He could not even obtain his address, and was thus prevented from communicating with him by letter. Then he began another wearisome search. Day after day he haunted the streets of the city. Ho inquired, he advertised, and used every method he could think of to ascertain where his darling was, but without avail, for, as we know she had gone into the country on little Virgie'a account, while Mr. Knight was away on a trip to British Columbia, j or he might have seen Sir William's advertisements, and helped him in the metter so near his heart. About the middle of October he decided to go once more to her old home among the mountains of Nevada, hoping to learn something of her there. But, of course, he did not, and he finally cane to the conclusion that she must have left California after obtaining her divorce. At least he thought she would leave San Francisco, for he knew that there were unpleasant associations connected with her past life there, and he did not believe she would like to make her home in that city, where disagreeable rumonra might still exist. But, still resolving to find her at any cost, he turned hia face in another direction, and began anew his wander inga up and down the land. Three weary years he spent thus, following every clue, but all to no purpose. Then, saddened and disheartened, he was compelled to give up the chase and return to Heathdale, for his estate de- manded his perbonal attention. Mrs. Farnum and her daughter were full of hope after learning that the decree of divorce had been granted, that the beauty and belle would at last succeed in securing the prize she had BO long coveted. Every art was made use of to captivate the wealthy baronet, but it was evident that his heart was irrevocably fixed-that he had no intention of ever marrying again. Finally the disappointed girl gave her hand to a rich, but aged and feeble lord, and tried to satisfy her heart nnd ambition with the golden husks thua achieved. Mra. Farnum lost her husband soon after her return from America, and afterward made her home mostly with her daughter. But she was far from being a happy woman, even though she had everything which unlimited wealth could purchase. Her conacience never ceased to trouble her for tho part she had played in helping to ruin the life of that beautiful wife aud mother whom she had met in New York. She was ever haunted by that sad, sweet face. She had boen half- tempted, many times, to confesB everything to Sir William, hoping thus to atone in part for what she had done, and because, after she found that Sadie's cause was hopeless, she began to pity that poor, injured girl ; but her fear of Lady Linton, and also of Sir William's righteous anger, prevented her doing so. Thus five years poseed. It was now ten years since Sir William Heath's marriage with Virgie, but he was still truo to the one love of his youth. He continued to cherish her image in his heart, even as he had vowed to do, and though he had come to believe her lost to him forever, he had determined that no other should occupy the place he had once given to her. But about this time something occurred to create a pleasant change in his saddened life. A dear friend his youth died, leaving to his care his fine, manly little son, now in his twelfth year, who had been the pride of his father's heart, the comfort of widowed, lonely years. Major Hamilton had been in Her Majesty's I service for many years, and, at the time of his death, was serving on an important appointment abroad. During this service he had acquired many honors, and great wealth. His wife was the second daughter of Lord Shaftonsberry, but she had lived only one short month after the birth of their only son, Rupert, who was now to become the ward of Sir William Heath. Ha was a noble little follow, and it was not long before the baronet became fondly attached to him, and believed that perhaps he had at last found, in rearing this child of promise to manhood, something that would add interest and zest to his dreary and monotonous life. Lady Linton, who was still at Heathdale, and nomina'ly its mistress, received the orphaned stranger with great kindness. Ho was heir presumptive to the title and estates of Shaftonsberry, if death should remove the present incumbent, who as yet had no children of his own, and this circumstance, in addition to the great wealth which young Rupert inherited from his father, made him a person of considerable conse- quence. Her ladyship's mind, with her habitual cunning, leaped forward eight or ten years, and planned a union of the houses of Linton and Shaftonsberry, by the marriage . of her ' daughter Lillian, now 'eleven years of age, with her brother's ward. She argued that everything was in her favor for accomplishing this, for the children would be reared beneath the same roof, and it would be compara- tively easy to educate them to consider themselves destined for each other. Of course this arch plotter kept all this to her- self, for she well knew that her brother ' would sternly oppose all match-making of this sort ; but it became a dearly cherised plan with her, and she bent all her energies towards its accomplishment. CHAPTER XXVI. " I SHALL NSVSR MAUST AGAIN." Tirgie returned to San Francisco about two weeks after Sir William quitted tho city. Her little girl, now more than two years old, was much improved, and had grown to be a remarkably interesting child, while she was of the greatest comfort to her mother, whose every hope was now centered in her. Virgie entered upon her work with renewed interest, although she had not been idle during the summer by any means. With her pen, she had copied nature in every possible phase, and had brought home, for her winter's campaign, rich treasures of beauty and art. She had for some time bsen engaged upon quite an extensive work, which was to be elegantly bound, and which promised to be something very rare and unique. She threw herself into this with such energy after her return, and worked at it so steadily and with so much enthusiasm, that Mr. Knight really began to fear that she would overtax her strength. From the first he had been deeply interested in the beautiful and talented woman who bore her sorrows so bravely, and battled so courageously with the adverse fate that had well-nigh ruined her life. He had pitied her friendlessness, and tried to throw around her a sort of fatherly care and protection, bnt as he came to know her bgtter, to realise her strength of mind and character, and beautv of disposition, a warmer feeliner beean to beauty of disposition, a warmer feeling began to take the place of pity and «ompassion, until, as she grew to confide in and rely upon him more and more, the hope that he might perhaps win her to share and brighten his lonely home during the de- clining years of his life, gradually dawned upon him, and he finally resolved to ask her to become his wife. " I could save her from all this toil, and all un- certainty about the future. I would ask no greater happiness than to see her the mistress of my hoaae during the remainder of my life, and then, when I am gone, she will have all my wealth to smooth her own future. Thus he mused while considering the propriety of putting his fate to the test. One day Virgie came into hiB office to consult with him regarding some point connected with her book, and ho thought she appeared weary and looked paler than usual. "You are working to. hard, Mrs. Alexander," he said. " Do not apply yourselli so closely-there is no need. "No need ?" returned Virgio ; "there is »very need. I am very mercenary, Mr. Knight," she added smiling. " I am determined .to make all the money I can, eo that my dear little girl may have every advan- tage by and by." " But if you tax your strength too severely you may break down, and that would be far worse than not to make money quite so rapidly." " I do not think I am going beyond my strength," Virgie replied, gravely. " Besides, I am much more content when I am very busy ; it keeps me from- thinking." " You ought to be far more than simply ' con- tent,' " answered Mr. Knight, regarding the fair face, wistfully, " for yo* are not only making plenty of money, but winning fame for yourself also. The name of Alexander bids fair to become renowned." Virgie started violently at this, and glanced sharply at her companion. Then a burning blush suffused her face, and she said, in a low, pained tone: " Oh, I hope not ! I-I do not wißh tobe known. I am afraid I have done wrong in using the name at all. I did it hastily, impulsively-" She stopped, covered with confusion, a look of distress on her lovely face for having allowed her- self to say so much. Mr. Knight looked astonished for a moment, while he earnestly studied her countenance. Then light seemed to dawn upon him suddenly. " Pardon me," he said, leaning eagerly toward her, " but what you have said has enlightened me regarding something that has puszled nie since the^ dar " - Ab fro hci prJ ide! to j atfl sen es1 wa peg wis | toi wif I knew that ho was an honorable man." Aoh ! it is such a comfort to hear you say this," Virgie murmured, her voice husky with emotion, her eyes filled with tears. " Poor papa ! his last years were embittered with the thought that every1 one believed him a defaulter-that he had not ono friend in all the world, save his daughter, who had faith in him." " He made a great mistake in leaving San Fran- cisco as he did," Mr. Knight remarked. " If he had remained hero and quietly lived down the scandal, he might in time have recovered the confidence of the people." ' "Oh! if the stain could be removed from his name and memory!" sighed Virgie. " I do not like to pain you, my dear," replied Mr. Knight, sympathetically j " but that would be very ¡difficult to accomplish, unless the cashier should come forward and make a full confession." Virgi? lookedup startled, her face growing' Tory white. " I saw him here in the city last year," she said. " Impassible !" exclaimed her friend. " I am very BUTO I was not mistaken," Virgie affirmed, and then she told the publisher the cir- cumstances of her being followed by that muffled figure, and of the advertisement which appeared in the papers a day or two following, desiring commu- nication with her. "lam afraid that yan have mado a mistake this time," said Mr. Knight, thoughtfully. " You ought to have communicated with the man." ' " But I bad such a horror of him ; I «oula not believ9 that he would bo able to tell mo of anything to my advantage. " At least he could have done you no harm, and he might have told you something worth knowing. Promise me, if anything of the same nature occurs again, yon will let me know ; if he could be arrested he might be forced to a confession of the truth." Virgie was greatly disturbed by thiB view of the matter, and regretted that she had not had more wisdom at the time. She readily promised to do as Mr. Knight wished, though she feared she might | never again have the opportunity. " Now that the ice has been broken and I knsw who yon are, tell me something of your life among the mountains," said her friend. " I fear it must have been a very dreary and monotonous one." " It was a very quiet and peaceful one," Virgie answered with a sigh, as she thought of the storms she had buffeted since. " Papa's claim proved to KA «TI nTPollonf niu ntirl li« marin n. crnnri Haul nt be an excellent one, and he made a good deal of money from it, and after we became somewhat used to the change in our life, it was not so bad." " But all his earnings there had to be sacrificed aleo, my poor child ; what a hard lot has been yours. I almoat wonder at your having any faith whatever in human nature," said Mr. Knight, feelingly. " I am sure that you have proved to me there is at least one noble man in the world," Virgie re- turned, gratefully. " I shall never forget your kindness to nie, Mr. Knight ; you hare been a trne friend to mo." The publisher leaned eagerly forward, and gathered her hands in bia ; her words had inspired him with hope. Let me be more than a friend to you, dear," he pleaded. " Let me take care of you and your little one in the future. I know that I am muoh older than you- old enough almost to be your father ; but my home is lonely. I lost my wife ten years ago, I have no children, and my heart is hungry for someone to lpve. Dear child, you have been grow- ing very dear to me ever since you firßt came to me, and if you can trust me, if you can give yourself to me, I will not ask too much, or even expect that you can feel a great deal of affection for me, for I know how sorely you have been tried and deceived in that respect ; but let me persuade you to come to my home as my honored wife, and I will surround you with tenderest care. Life shall be made aa pleasant as possible for you, and there will be no need of your toiling any more." Virgie sat as one stunned after this unexpected proposal. She had never thought of anything like thia during all her intercourse with the kind-hearted publisher. She had learned to esteem him very highly for his goodness to her, and to look up to him almost as to a father, bnt the thought of ever being any man's wife again had never occurred to her. She grew very pale at hie words, and instinct- ively shrank a little from him. The act told him far more than words could have done, and ho knew at once that his cause was hope- less. Ho gently released her hands, sighing regretfully, while a look of pain settled upon his fine face. " Oh ! my friend," Tirgie began, as soon as she could find her voice, " why have yen said this to me ? I have not had the remotest suspicion of-of your regard, and what you have asked can never» never be." " Then forget that I have said anything about it, my dear. I would not wound you for the world," said the old gentleman, with exceeding gentleness, but with a still pained, white face. " Oh, please do not think me ungrateful for all I Heve that I shall always feel the same interest in them as ever." He arose and held out his hand to her as he spoke, and Virgie could see that it shook with the emotion which he was bravely trying to conceal. Her heart was almost broken for him, for she knew that his home was very silent and lovely. There was no one in it save his sister, a maiden lady of uncertain age, to make it pleasant for him. " Forgive me," she said, hardly able to speak, and with an impulsive movement she bent forward and touched her lips to the hand extended to her ; then turning quickly, she glided from his presence before he could interpose a work to prevent her. CHAPTER XXVII. Art TINBXPBCTOD VIS1TOB. Three years passed, and nothing occnrred to dis- turb the even tenor of Virgiefs life. She had worked diligently during this time, gaining fresh,laurels with every season. She had removed from the retired lodgings which she had taken at first upon coming to San Francisco into a better locality, where she had a handsome suite of rooms in a well-known apartment-house. These wero bright and pleasant, tastefully fur- nished also, and Virgie thoroughly enjoyed the pretty horne which she had won by the labor of her own hands. When she had made the change, she gave the contents of her other home to Chi Lu, who had married a thifty woman of his own country, and together they were carrying on quite a flourishing laundry business, while, in place of the faithful Chinese, Virgie had taken a bright and capable Swedish woman. One evening after a dreary, rainy day, the bell under the name of " Alexander," in the house of which we having been speaking, was pulled by a vigorous hand. Virgie was in her chamber putting her little girl to bed-a service which she enjoyed, for the child always expected a merry frolic and then BOme " pretty story before the dustman came." She heard the bell, and soon after voices in the pretty parlor leading from her chamber, and she wondered who could have chosen such a stormy night to call,upon her, for she seldom had visitors, even in pleasant weather. Presently Mina, the Swttde came to her, and said that a gentleman was waiting to see her. " Who is he f Did he give no name t" Virgie questioned, surprised. " No madame. I asked him and ho said there was no need to take his name, for you would know him when you saw him." Virgie's heart beat more quickly at this, and a feeling of dread took possession of her. Mr. Knight came to see her occasionally, and and one or two of his clerks had been there a few times on business, but Mina knew them so she was sure it was none of these, but some one who must have known her in the past. She finished the story she was telling little Virgie made some trifling changes in her toilet, and then went into .the parlor. A gentleman was seated by the table, with his back toward her, and though he had on a heavy overcoat, and his form was considerably bowed and his hair very gray, there was something familar about him that sent a sudden shook through Virgie's frame. As she wont forward to greet him, he suddenly arose and turned toward her, bending a pair of piercing black oyes searchingly upon her face. Virgie stopped short as she met that glance, all the colour leaving hes face, while a startled ory escaped her lips. The man flushed, and his eyes sank guiltily before hers as he said, in a low tone : *' You know me, then, Virgie ?" j " Uncle Mark 1" she gasped, and them sank j weakly into a chair. " Yes, I am you uncle Mark," the man returned, a touch of bitterness in his tone, " but I scarcely expected that yeu would acknowledge me aa such. Where is your father t" "Deadl" j Mark Alexander staggered as if some one had struck him a sudden blow. " When did he-die ?" he asked, with whitening lips, " Six years ago last November." The man sank back into his chair, and bowed his head upon the table with a groan. "Profound silence reigned in the room for* several minutes, while each occupant was tortured by bitter thoughts. Virgie could scarcely realise that at last the man who had wrought her father's ruin was sitting in her presence. She had never Been him but once since that dreadful time when the thunderbolt had fallen to crush tbem all, and that had been when she had fled from him in the street more than three years previous. She wondered how he had found her now. She had hoped she should never meet him again ; she feared him, she abhorred him for the crime and wrong he had committed. Her heart was even now filled with great bit- terness toward him, for, but for him, her dear father might have been living, an honored and ,rg£}pected citizen of San Francisco, and sho could ly remember how he had suffered, how, believing i name forever dishonored, he had fled, as it were* o the wilderness, there to drag out a weary stence among strangers. f V. heavy sigh at length aroused her from these I aappy musings, and she glanced at her oom lion. ?? ¡he could seo that he too was sadly changed, ¡¡vidently the last twelve, years had been far m happy ones with him. His bowed form, hiB ¡gard face, and gray hair, all told of a mind ill >ose, of a" heart tortured by fear, if not with lorse. . «pparently, too, he had been very ill, he might n be so still, for he was fearfully emaciated, his e was hueless, and he it as trembling with either aknees, cold, or emotion, perhaps all three com* led. lia coat was drenched in the heavy rain in which had come, and he looked so utterly wretched and lorn that something of pity began to crowd the ;er from her heart. 'Uncle Mark," she said, trying to steady her mbling voice, " you have taken me so by surprise, 11 am forgetful of my duty. Remove your wet t, and come nearer the fire, while I ring for a cup ea and some supper for you." Ah I then you will not turn me out again into storm. Still you cannot have much but hatred me in your heart," lifting to her a face that was lost convulsed. ' I trust that nothing would make me unmindful the duties of hospitality,,especially towards one o is ill and suffering as you appear to be," Virpie swerèd, ss she rose and went out to confer a me- int with Mina regarding the comfort of her un dden guest. " Where is Aunt Margaret ?" she inquired, when .e returned a few minutes later. "Dpad." "Ah! and Philip r" . " Dead-and little Bertha, too. All are gone victims of cholera, while I have not known a well day since I had it," the man answered in a harsh, unnatural voice. Virgie felt the tears rise to her eyes, and her heart softened still more. Surely his punishment had begun, and in no light manner, if death had so quickly robbed bim of all his family, ruining his own health also. " How did you know that I was here in San Fran- cisco ?" she asked, after another painful pause. He started at her question. " I saw you here more than three years ago. I was not quite sure it, was you the first time I met you, and I followed you, hoping to learn where you lived ; but you evaded me without knowing it, that time. The next day I haunted the place where I lost sight of you, and came upon you just as you had turned the corner, you remember. You knew me,¡I was sure, by the look of dismay that sprang to ' your eyes.' I was more sure, after your little strategy in that store. But I wanted to Bee you desperately, Virgie.--Didn't you see my advertise- ment among the personals ?" " Yei ! ont I-could not meet von T_~. ,J* forget," faltered Virgie. ' 1~^^^ The man shivered at her words. "WelL I cannot blame von TI"* _ (thatnow. I»eanttoflny^ifBrM-7b^ made np my mind after a while that jouand 21 had left San FraucUco-1 had not /ïg (£ he was dead-and so I went elsewhere to hua Ï you. I have spend the last three year, |» 3? mg about, but finally cams back\,re ¡>Tdt days.. I was in at Knighfs bookstore a day J-Z .mee. There wa. a pile 0f new bock, on the ¿£ ter, and as I stood looking at one of them a ¿¡L man came for one, and said to a boy, 'I JJz, to take, one of Mr.. Alexander's new booksarlS to her. The name startled me, I tamed fett! title page, and saw 'Virginia Alexander' tóW there, as the author. I bought a OOM 2 followed the boy here. I should have wu'toZ you ye.terday, but I was not able to get ont ¡ lZ hardly strength sufficient to-day, but to-nlaM despair drove me out in spite of the' storm." « I am afraid yon were imprudent. Bat wM can I do for you, Uncle Mark f" Virgie aaked hardly knowing what to say to too retttnui fugitive. ^*T "I will tell you that by and by. Can I-.J11 you let me stay here to-night ?" ke humbly aakeT ' Virgie had but two bed., her own and &r; servant's, but shs had not the heart to senatÄ forth again into the storm, ho looked to ill «4J miserable } so she replied, with a look of pity. "Yes, if you wish." The poor creature broke down and sobbed at har kindness, but he recovered himself after a mommt and turned away from her gaze. ' " It is my nerves," he explained ; *' I am a crM wreck j I am utterly shattered." Mina now came in with a tempting little rmpjir, and he was more composed and cheerful after bs' had eaten something and taken a cup of tea, fid soon began to talk more freely of his past. He had been in the East Indies, he told Verjji, engaged in the spica trade most of the time sitJSM his flight from San Francisco. But ho had nenr known a moment of peace since the day that h» had fled with all the available funds of the tank of which ho had been the cashier, and his broth«! the president, for he had known well enough that the good name of the latter would have to anffw u me goou name or. tne latter would have to Buff« u well as his own. " At first," he said, " I triod travelling, throwing, myself into every excitement, and took my family with me. But it would not do ; the fortune whje«. I had stolen and was trying to enjoy, was lib a mill-stone about my neek; the word' thief «ti branded upon my heart with every beat of my pulu, until, in despair, I at laat located at Batavia, on Oil island of Java, and threw myself, heart and brata, into business. I invested the most of my ill- got{«m gains where they would be safe and began to spat«. late with the rest. The Bible saya that'tilt wicked shall not prosper ;' but I did-if yon ou call it prospering to have monoy literally pouria» in upon you and be nearly detracted with an acora« ing conscience at the aame time. The richer I grew the more wretched I became. I had heeid that your father had sacrificed all that he vu worth toward wiping out my iniquity; bat of course I knew that it could not begin to make my defalcation good and that people would only seo! and sneer and say it was all pretense-doubtless wa were in league and would share equally in the spoils. I knew his high sense of honor and haw senaative he was and I believed the blow woold crash him." " It did, it did," cried Virgie, bursting into a passion of tears, as all the sad ,post came pressing upon her with this recital. " Poor child 1 poor child ! returned her unoli. tremulously, "but yon and your father were in a state of blisa compared with me. Then there cant that terrible epidemic sweeping all whom I loved in three days from the face of the earth and bringinr ma, also, very near to death's door. When it tai all over and I knew that I was to live, I felt that there remained but one thing for mo to do-to oom* back here and make an open confession of «rery thing and atone, as far as I was able, for the mu. chief I had wrought. If I could have found Abbot I should have done this long ago. Oh! my brother, 1 wish you had not'died !" Again he broke down and Virgie felt herself fui melting toward him. She caula but feel that his repentance had coat far too late, bnt he wos too wretched not to apjeal to her sympathies. They talked for several hours, she telling him all that had oeonrred «ince his flight, though shs touched but lightly on her individual Borrows. But he appeared BO exhausted that she finally persuaded him to retire, giving up her own room to him, she and little Virgie occupying Mina'a whili the girl slept upon a lounge in their small dining room. When morning came, Mr. Alexander was too ill to rise, and feared that he was going to bara a relapse of his former illness. He grew better, however, toward evening, and seemed te be BO grateful for the caro which hit niece had given him, so repentant for the sorrow that he had brought upon her, that she was deeply touched. After afewdaya he appeared much stronger, and seemed greatly interested in Virgie, her work, and particularly in her little one. Still, ho did not seem to be quite at his eaae. " I did not mean to be such a burden upon you, Virgie.f he said, humbly, one afternoon, as she wai performing some little service for him. " I do not consider yon a burden. I am glad if I can make yon comfortable, Unole Mark," she r« turned, kindly. "Yon shall not be a loser for your goodness te me," he added, smiling. Virgie turned upon him sharply, her face nuslúrijf crimson, her eyes blaring. " Uncle Mark," she retorted, in a clear, decided voice, " whatever I have done for you has been from sympathy, and because I felt it my duty to minister to your needs ; but I shall never receiv» any compensation from you-I could not. If you are aB rich as yon have hinted several timss, I want you to right the wrong that yon oommitted so long ago. There is much that still remains unpaid, even though the bank has long since riaumed business. Many depositors lost heavily; there were several years that no interest was paid to them, and their funds were so locked up that they could not have what rightfully belonged to them, and much suffering waa occasioned by it. All this -everything must be paid to the uttermost far- thing. "It shall be done. I will do all that can bo re- quired of me. But Virgie, you have been the < heaviest IoBer of all through what your father BsH eiit for me, and that will be one of the debts to bs cancelled with thereat. Don/t 'let your pride pre- vent my relieving my conscience of that obliga- tion," said he sick man tremulously. , Virgié had noftnought' of the matter in that lightf before.y Her chief desire had been to hare a confession and restitution made to the bank andell aepositjrs, und thus clear her father from all impu- tation of wrong-doing. She had never reckoned Í<¡r6ulf among the number of the injured-never SJunted upon receiving a dollar in return for the sacrifice her fathor had made. To have his honor «j-eitablished, and then bo able to bring his body feck to rest beside her mother would give her more tey than erer eho expectod to know again in this world. " Papa's good name is moro to mo than all else," the said, tearfully. «Dear ohild, it shall bo fully restored] his kador vindicated. Oh, that he could have lived to tnoiT it ! That he could not is the hardest part of J By punishment. But after I have done that you 1 will not refuse to receive what I can offer you," «loaded Mark Alexander earnestly. " Can you satisfy all claims upon the bank ?" Virgie asked, in surprise, for she know that the in- terest of all those years would amount to a great 4e*l " I can do far more than that, and to-morrow I will make a beginnisg, If I have the strength, ?what I do must be done quickly, for my days are wmbered." (To be continued.) 