®runib0. Appesl. Theatre. Gamer's. Rosy morn. Another caU. Cuzco arrived. Persistent Berry. Salisbury nnwelL Crooks and Oakes. Sunshine and rain. "The Flying Scud." Is. y our nime Clark? Armed to the teeth. * Sub ro~a agreements. * First excursion train. Salier due Thursday. Necessity makes war. Villany and stupidity. More fees for lawyers. A pita for " blowing," Bleeding shareholders. Prepared for a struggle. Chapter of coinc : dences. Caledonien passed Borda. Divid G?ll's ghost speaks, P<)t no; your trust in man. Special mat' train to-night. On the eve of Stirling times. Wheat market still improvir 7. Willy ama boasts a weekly paper. Bagot, Shakes, & Lewis, limited. Barometer at noon to-day, 30'10. - Last quarter of the Moon at 5.41 a.m, Italy has a grievance against France, Several Sonth Australian cargoes sold* The Alphabetical as Attorney-General, Harsh rules are honoured in the breach. • His Excellency Acting-Governor Bonder.. Norwood BiDk will be opened on Friday. Robinson C.iiaoe was not alone last night. The world and h : i wife gone to Melbourne.- Commercial Bank's uncommercial bank?'!?. Whichever way it went the innocent must suffer. What tremendous harm officials can do to a Bank, Squatter Clark the victim of circamstanccs. Attention being pcud to our fishing resources. Whether is it more trouble to get money or keep it? South Australian banking dragged through the mud. Caledonien for Melbourne and Sydney at Vi to-night. ' Rink Carnival presented a remarkable spectacle. Feat of the Murrumbidgee very pleasing * a Portonians, Parisian navvies on strike; what for, nobody knows. ~W.M. Blocks were not intended to yield full subsistence. How could the Bink have stopped .-the breaoh of trust 1 Unemployed went to see the exourdonistB off to Melbourne. Our only Peterswald has made a mistake— of course the first. Territorians agitating for railway extension to the Katherine. Fortunate for those detectives the Commissioner was on the spot. Will Cuzco passengers be in time for the opening of the Exhibition! Insolvencies «on est this morning. Wheio - are the Commissioner's gloves. Compromise comes with seeing the stonewa 1 ! before the head strikes it. A wild bullock put some life and activity Into those stevedorcB yesterday. What remedy have urfortunate shareholders for losses through fraud ? * Dogs at the Semaphore, sayB a CouncHIo:, go in batches of air to fowlyards. ' Hurry up with reply to complaint •re Norwood School, Mr. J. C. F. Johnson. Councillor Hairis says the ne : ~hbourho ,3 '. of Semaphore is infested with do js. Why ahonld good friends like employers and labourers engage in deadly duel. Obituary.—Mr. W. J. Threadgold, prchitect of the Broken Hill Coffee Palace, Tom and his pals shouting for the merry little boys from Johnny Bray's school. A young woman at Kilbum died from the effects of eating twelve hot-cross buns. Always the way. When you beg<u to congratulate yourself an accident happeaB. " Spoiling the ship for a ha'porth of tar' 3 principle with the Broken Hiil express. Hon. W. A. E. Weet-Erskine thinks 1 a can teach Mr. Patton mine management. " Sun rose at 6.56 a.m.; Bets at 5.16 p.m. Moon rose at 0.10 a.m.; sets at 1L33 MB, General Thurman is regarded by the Demo, crats as "the noblest Roman of >hem aQ. 4 ' Columbus discovered the island of Trinidad, 1498\. Oh, Christopher, how could yon! General Harrison, the Republican candidate for President, is a very respeat ible man, Norwood Board of Health to worry Minister of Education re nuisance at local Model School, Quotation for July 31:— Out with it boWy—truth loves op;n deiHng.— Henry VIII. Three phases of the maritime labour diffi- - culty—Preserving compaot of 188 lj Chinese crews; Asiatic labour. IB it not time to appoint a Commission to - enquire as to the extent and evils of bettin in connection with football ? Because Thurman, nominated for Vice- President, is a snufftaker a red haudkerchief has become a Democratic eymboL One printer's mistake makes a lldy groan instead of growL But what when with such mistakes she has prematurely grown old? MeteorologiBtB will not soon forget the las day of July. In 1863 there were violent galee, and on the same day iu 18S4 there were thunderstorms in divers places, with the sea and the waves thereof roaring, causing loss of life at both Wallaroo and Glenelg. On one occasion whilst at Florence, Queen Victoria, from the windows of an orphanage, witnessed an ancient Easter cuBtom. A large - car laden with fireworks, and drawn by white oxen garlanded with flowers, was placed opposite the door of the cathedral, At-the elevation of the Host a rocket, in the form of a dove, was fired from the altar, and, travelling along a wire, ignited the oar, which exploded with a loud report, the Church bells at the same instant breaking forth into music. The Italians showed every courteev to the Royal -visitor. Among the bouquets forwarded to the Queen'was one composed exclusively of flowers grown in the open air in various parts of her Majesty's dominions— the Himalayas, the Plains of India, Burmah, the Cape, and Australia being all represented. The King andJQoeen of Italy visited the 