RUNNING GHusTS to earth. (inn jiosto.v or.oitiE. ) Tzokliog spirits, solzleg apparitions by the tbioat, nailing hallucinations, pouring into haunted houses, and bearding spooks in their deng, experimenting with thought tram forenco and mesmerism, and in general monkeying with ali the unfathomablo mysleries of the human soul— this la lite unique ocoupatlon of a body of learned men called tha American Society for Psychical Research, Ia a baok room of a modost-looklng honee in Boyleeton plaoo Is tho headquarters nf Ihr society's secretary, Richard Hodgson, LL.D. In this simple room, filled with hooks, pamphlets, and oiranlais. sits the man who hopes that his efforts will aid in solving tho riddlo that all the sagos of all the nations have given up in vain— the "riddle of the painful o-rth." He hopes not many years will elapse oro eatl faotory answers can be given to these world-olil questions : What is mind 7 What ia the soul? Is it immortal? What is Jifa and what ib aeathi tie hopes that JN at urea oupromcBt seorets will be wruDg by foruo Irom hor bosom, and marvellous revelations will be made to mankind. And this know ledge will not be tho result of any arguments or of beautifully oonstroated thoorieB, but of hard frozen faots. Dr Hodgson is an Englishman, about thirty-seven years old, a graduato of Cam bridge University, a profoundly loarntd noholar, and a lovol-hoaded man ot muoh sound common tenso. Ho ie an en husiust, and is devoted, heart and soul, to tbo work of the Ainorioao Sooloty for I'zyohictl Uo sesruh. Ho certainly doesn't look like a man who hobuobs with ghosts, ami I. uu parking terrno with spirits. In his cerical work, whioh inolndea a vast correspondence, he is aided by n good, robust-looking ,u\oodupa.t'.ljon.,o,jdsoyoungaocl. qhit'6 pretty, " With a BOinewhat indlellnot utteranoe, whioh Bauds along at abuut twenty-two knots nn hour, Dr Hudgeon told the writer boat tho work of tho Sooioty lor l'zyohioai Risanrnh. 1 Our sooioty wis formed,' ho said, for tho purpose . i making an organised and systematic attempt to iuvoetigute that daik border land nf human experience, nnd to examine uri'ibtlly tne phenomens which are not now rxp'.aiund by. any satisfactory theory. Scientific men of eminsnoo iu all oouutri-s adm't tho postiblo exislenoo of what thu unedaoated call ghosts or spirits ; aud further, that ono mind may exert upon another. a positive Inlluonoo otherwise than i.v-ttr.Yi thaa rAtnnniiiflfi nHiiHnro ohnniieli.' That is, you mean, to aay, doator, that . if, fnr instsnoe, you are ia Timbuutoo, and 1 in Odhknsh, I ni.y feul my mind under an influence emauoting Irom youra, whioh thus ah'-ihUitcs timo aud spaoe?' ' JSxao ly,' ho replied. ' And our society is endeavouring to oolloot from reliable sources such foots, because if they are ontto inooutestabiy established they will prove uf the highest importance. Tse chief departments of our work are :— ' 1. An examination of the_ natnro and extent of any influence whioh may be exerted by one mind upon another ia what is p-palarly oalled a supernatural way 1 2 The etudy "f hypn ti.ra and mes merism, and the nbonomena of clairvoyance. ' 3 Aa Inquiry as to the zxielenao ol re lations hitherto aareeogaised by eoloooe bet -e«u living orga isms and magnetic aod eleatrio foroee, and between living and inanimate bodies, '4. A oarolulin-estignion oi and reports, resting bn a roug testimony,, of apparitions occurring at the moment of death or other wise, and nf disturbaooee In huueee reputed to be haunted 5, Aa inquiry into varloae alleged physio il phenomena, oommouly oalled spirt' uallstio -In aacordanoe herewith the roaoirob work of our eoolety is niviaea among uve iiommilteas, all Oi whioh are presided over by m'on oi unqueetloaed -hi't-.y, luaruing, nd fairness. Professor H P Rowditob, of Harvard, is ahairmaa of ih« Committee on Tnnnght Transfsmoco j Prnf-saor Josia Koyoe of thn Committee nn Appa itione and Haunted H'U-es ; ;C. B. Coney, a well kanwa Bne'onian, of the Onminir-tne on Hypnotism ; Dr W. N. Buliard, at Boston, f the Oommlatee on Mediamis'lo Pnono- mena; and Protestor C S. Mlnst, of H>r- vird, nf the Committee on Experimental Psychology ' That doeen'l link liko a co'leo Ion ol oranks, dose U 7 Our enel- ty is o utipored of men ol all Borts of beliefs and no boliefe Somo are Spiritualises, vome materialist', some theists, and enme agnostles. hut all In'ent on the discovery of tho iru'h, not by argu mo- 1 and ratisolnation, bnt along the lint-e nf Incontestable experience 'Would an inquiry -a toy ur own per- gonal belief be impertinent, doo or 7 Well, I suppose, I should bo prqbably (tailed a Spiritualist A number of yours >go, when I was a student iu C'tnbrdge, England, 1 met a tnan. an utr-r stranger to me I havo sufficient oinse for believing that ho knew nothing whatever about roe or my past 1 fe And yet thi. roan told me, with suoh minuteness nf 4«tall, oiroum- stanoes and events whioh I knew every n o but myself to he Ignorant ot tnatlwa" forned to oonfess his mlraouloas ui.ighl When t"e writer locked a little inoredu- nus and ven>ured to interpose an exp Ian - tion of the phenomenon, tho dootor Interrupted him and p ooeeded Tola m«o, whom I met almost b> 88 lent, de.oribed tn me wl h »b0,8tn Bdl " £ to truth the peooUar manner of my cou I death ia Am ralla twelve years P'"'88; Where I was then living. He said b''a" my oanln p-esent with us I" the > JJ®' Where he and. I were .!'» "« 8 k af . iutt its you and I are talking now. He told me of our boyish pranks t0K«lh«r»ndof little ohildiah sreet. that tny onu,In a8d » hid between ourzeives. H" desorlbea, with purluot truth, many inetgnifinznt arid yet ' euduring impressions rooelvod when I was a youth. In foot, my whole past life lay ' , before him like an open book. He read my inmost sonl, ' I wss at the time, as ojsort of recreation, investigating spiritualism, and from the number of frauds I had como across yon may itnagino how hard I was to convinoo. But this oxporioncs wae sufficient to ovor - : oonio my scoptloiam. ' Another iooideot of a different character, howover, which oamo within my personal knowledgo, aorvod to confirm my boliofthat mind aots upon mind independently of mvttor or of timo and space. An English lady ol my aoqnsintanoo living in London saw suddenly bofore hor one afternoon tho figure of her siBtcr, clad io a shroud, and with hor hair cut close to hor hoBd, This sister was at tho timo on Iho voyago homo from India. It aftorward provod that on tho very day and at tho very hour when my lady friend s iw tho apparition hor sister died on board tho vesBel. Sho had had hor hair oat off to send to hor frlonde at homo as a sonvonir,' 'Why do not a fow suoh instanosa sb those, if incontrovertibly proved, establish your Itheory boyond all possibility of ' Because,' replied Dr Hodgson, as ho fillod bis pipo, ' wo are reasoning from fsots to theories, and not vioo versa. Tho more faots wo havo tbo mora solid is our foundation. That would bo a very treacherous struoturo whioh was plaood only on ono frail post. A theory of thought transference baaod on ono or two or - oven a hundred casos, however well ' atteeted, would havo no valuo. Tho exlslenae of one spirit apart frum the body would not prove the oxlulenco of other spbi s. The fulfilin nt of ono dream, tho reality of ouo . apparition, tha vorifloation of tho . promono linn, might bo called uoinoldonco, and tbo man who should attempt to build a theory . on it would be justly ridiculed. But givo us nut ol 10 000 dreams, apparitions, o- premonitions 1,000 whioh aro verified, and tho ploa of mere ooiooldonco no longer holds ' « n-1 ,i„n —un-.i- .!.£ VI- — - jvw WU,IUI|1,IU Dlllillliuiury tBDUIIB from the sooloty's investigations 7' ' Yet, personally, I oan aay that I do. Bat tho work is far from being oomploted. Wo havo a vast amount of ovi tones, bat it ie not yet examined aud eiftod. A groat doal of it is, of onurso. utterly worthless. Tho replies to onr oiroulars asking for personal experiences are still coming In, and it willba months boforo tangible resnlta oan ho an nounced.' 'Do you oonsidor tho haunted house hranoh of tho psychical business a clvidond, paying one?' Tne enthusiastic doctor gave tho ques tioner a quizzioal look, drew three or four . Btaocato whiffs a', his pipe, andsaM: 'No, that soemo to mo tho most uuealLfaotory part of our work, although oovoral incon testable and unexplained facts havo boon gathered.' The Sooioty for Psychioal Roiearch guard its gathered materials with great eearooy. Its rich fund of faot is not published a >ttl they havo been passed upon and thoroughly . uxitninvd by tho various committeos ; even then tbo nameB of those who eontribnte their oxpcrienuea aro in no ease furnished to tho public. Amoug tbo following aro soma of tha mn«t astounding facts nn the record : On 1st Jauuary, 13SG, at 10 a.m., Mrs T., a lady living in a WoBtorn town, writes to a member nf Congress, tho husband of hor rl UVtflhtu. In VV .-. nl»I . Laa, uuugiisuti «u TT rtBIIIUhUU. U t UUUgliUU llB Been the origleal letter, ThlB letter explains a telegram which Mrs T. had Bent only throo hours boforo, inquiring about hor daughter's health Tho origiual of thin tolegram has nl-o boen seen by Dr Hodgson, Tho ' telegram reads : To llun — ', nciu-o Oi hop- nvoDts'lvoi WzshlDX- lon. U O.— I cn. will uotnDtl Nell Quods me. The eigaataro is tho mother's namo. Mrs T.'e lottor of explanation first Bays that she has been for eomo days anxious about her daughter Nsilio'e health, although thero had been no Illness of late. Letters from Waehing'on had b.eed lacking for eomo days;:.ibo last Ouo .had reported tho daughter as having just returned from - - linking fifteen calls, ' very tired, and 'nearly frozen.' 'I waked.' eaya Mrs T., i 'lee) night between 12 and 1 o'olnck, deoply i'""v«"iid with. thu feeling that Noll needed line, I wtnted tu got up and sond a'toleeram, 'If I had nonsuited or followed my cllriattone, I would have dressed and gone down >o Ino suu..R. uu..-.' Z.«»ar, however, Mrs, T, went to sleep again ; but in tho morning tho vivid impression returned. A". 7 a m. Mrs. T .out tne tolegram, nnd wrote uppurently beloit sho r-oolvvd an answer, tor lu tbo margin of tho lettet is added tho pnetoripi : ' Telegram hore ; . thank goodness you at. well.' The lady in w.aliingtoii, whoee mother had had , so vivid ou exptrieoce, had boen seriously ill duriog the same night, , although I lie muruiug had found her much better Hor attack wae a very sudden one, whioh shd de.oribed a. neuralgia ot tbe Jungs, with a bard entif. n muss m> boeu,' ehn says, 1 about the hour mentioned iu my mother's letter lhat I at last exaleimed " Oa, don't I wish ma was here ! I nbull sond for her to-morrow if I am not bolter." ' In the morning oamo the telegram from the West, but tbo patient waB butter, and she and her husband w re puzzled at Iter mother's unoaainoss, and replied by telegraph : ' Wo are -II well ; whai ie tbs matter "lib you 7 A Bo-ton lady, whoso position is sn abso lute guaruotoo of perfect good faith, wruto from Hamburg, Germany, oo 23rd J uoe lost, to her sister, who wss at that timo in Biiton:— 'I vory nearly wrot- from th« Hague,' s.ys thu letter, to say lhat I wan ery ihanklul when we had a letter from you on 18:h Juoe saying that yon wore wall aud bappy. Oa tho nigh' of thu 17<h . I had what I suppasod -to be a ol.ht- mare ; but it ah soum.d to boloog toyou and <o be a horrid paio in your nead. as If it were being forcibly jimmed into aa iron caique or soma suoh ioe.ant instrument of- ' ' tort ro. The quenr part of it waa my own ' ' di.usre ia'ion Iron the pain and the onnviotion thai it was youre ' This letter, wrlt-on from Europe six days alter the nightmare, loaves no room fur supposing tha« any now forgotten oorre«pondt-noa had piss-d mflznwhitu. I"- is. 'herefora, ineet- AMttniv tn fiad. on a bill made ont by a pro- rniu-nt Bamoa dentist, uodor da»o of 19th i' June ol lBt year, and addresBid 'O thn ha baud of the lady to whom th- foregoing letter wa« wri l-n, an it„m fur one and two- ' ,hird hnora' work ou 17th June. It is aim (ot re«ti"g 'n le»rn from the l»dy in 1 qu-.tlnn that thi. work watt porfnrmud lot " h-rse f. and wae done upon a very plural ' filling. Th« oisnomfort auoai-edmg this work , onntinnod as a dull p»ln for eomu houre, and , . must have he-n simultaneous with her , eis'er'. i lghtmare. a An old gmttlrman living a' Albany hid been I I fnr months. Hi- tnarriod dtugh ex resided at Wnro-ster. Ono evening, lost . summer rh« -nddonly laid down the book -he was reading and said to her husband : , 'I helltivo father is dying. She waa , reDgely ovi-ronme by the Impres- iou, .B hern had born nothing whatever in thn onn verse ion or in hoi o wn ' lh"Ugh«a to lead to l'< m j-Ot of her father's health. Alt 'v „..„..t..„ .nd i ho next morning th» - feeling h»uot«d her. until a d-epatoh oame. sz- Ing that her father bad died the evening , , b«for«. M . t . A phyilo»n w%8 oU«a Peo 1 , pillHiil ahont 10 n'olook one night. ' It was oxtremily dark, and la " allehting from hi. oonveyanoe he ' m.de a mis e'ep and sprained hie. antle severely. H's wife, who was at homo in b-d asleep, suddenly awoke with tho vivid imprrs-lon that an aaaid-nt had oa-. a rred to her hatband. She arena, awakened the servant, end communicated her lera to- her. Nothing oonld induoe her to return to bed At 1 o'oloak the doator returned and it was found that tho moment of the a aldenft tird nf hit wtfe'e awakening wero aimnW 'anentis He was three miles away from horns at the timo A young lady of Boe'na was visiting her unole at Muntpeiler, Vt. He had but reoen'ly moved there, and ehn had nstre been 'in the Gresn Mountain 8- ate b»-' f re. The day after her arrival ho took her to a j-wel'er's to see a oarloun timepioce whioh had beon mqqtiqncd lOO«- u llilf JbWcllof Wi»' ft X>erfect stranger to both nnole and niece. ; meither having he kid of him before. The gentleman introduced biroreif, and made -Jtnown hie errand,- and presented bis niece. The jeweller, a very courteous; affable man zutpetcued out bis band 10 Ibe young lady. Sec eye. o.cght eight of it. the turned pile. hSpeti to trean.le, and did net take the 'proffered band. On leavi- g the store she eaid' to bcr uncle, 1 cou.d not «h»k« bends with that man ; there is blood ou hi» fingers. He is a murderer.' Her uooli . ridiculed the idc», but it wo afterwords learned that thirteen ye«re be/ore the jeweller bad bien Indicted for murder, although, owinglothe breaking down ol a witness who at tho first ci .joioation liao told a strai.htforward Etory, be had escaped cocvlotion. Mrs J., living in Ibd suburbs, had spent bo morning sbopp'ng In Boston. She eays. I retnrerd homo by Irsin just In time to ait down with my chiidrento dinner. M> youngest, a sensilivo, quick-witi od littlo maiden of tbreo yesra, wao one of the circle. Dinner bad joat commenced when I eud- fienly recollected an incident of tho morning shopping experience, wbich I meant to tell her, and I looked at the child with the lull Intention ol s.ylng, ' Mamma saw a lug black dog in the store,' catching her ejus in mine as 1 paused an instan before speaking Jnsttben eumothing called off my attention. and the sentence wos not uttered 2 wo minutes later, imeg'ne uiv astonishment to hear my littlo girl exclaim, ' Mamma «aw a big dog in a store.' 'Yes. I did,' I gstped, ' but how do you kn.a ?' 'With loony hair,' she added, calmly ignoring my question. ' What colour waa it ?' 'lilaok.' Is'ow it waa nttcrly impossible for the ohild to have been given even tho slightest hint of tho incidcot as I was alone in town, and had not eeen my ohildren until I mot thorn at tb« dlrner table. Here Is a narrative, vouohed for by the Highest authority of experience, in a house eome miles from Worcester. Iheman.who wends It is a well known manufacturer, and bis word l< as good na hia bond, which would to honoured anywhere for-lOO.OOOddls.- He -wrote:— ' In relating what I saw on a July morning In 1883 at my house, which I had bat recently purchased, I will first describe the room i wliiohlsaw it. It isabtdroom, with awln fiow at either end, a door and a fireplace at -opposite sides. The room isin the upper etory of a two story bouse, said to have been built before tho revolution. The waits aro un usually thick, aud tho roof high pointed uod uneven, The occupants at tr.o time I «peb of wero my brother Henry, myself, euda servant woman, Tho latter alept in a, room on the baeement story. A hullw -y divided my brotbor'e room from mine Ou tho night before tbo morning above men- tioned I bad locked my door, and having wtodressod aod put out my ligbr, I fell intu n sound, dreamless sleep, I awakened- ubont 3 o'olock in the morning with my fac to tbo IroDt window. Opening my eyes, I wawbeforo me the figure of a woman stoop ing down, and apparently looking at an. IJer head and e- oulders wore wrapped In a common grey woollen .hawl. .for sail were folded and wrapped inltbo shawl. I looked at her in my horror, and dared not cry out lest I- might move the awful thing to speech nraolion. I lay and locked, «.ud felt' aa if I should lose my roauui , JUhlnd ber head I saw the window and 'the growing dawn, the looking glass upon the Idiot table, and the furniture in thai psrt of tbo room. 'After what may have beon only a few econds— of tho durution of this vision 1 cannot judge— she raiecd herself and wen backward toward the. window, stood . at tl-.c toilet table and gradually vanished. 1 moan she grew by degrees transparent, and that through the shawl aud the grey dress «bo woro I saw tho white muslin of the cablo oovor'again, and at last auw only that In the place where Bbo had stood, Par hours I lay as I bad lain on waking, not dating even to turn my eyes, lest ou the otbor aids of tho lied I alio Id sea her ugaiu 21 ow there is one thing of whiah I cou d take any oath, and that is that I did not mentiuu this oircumatanoe either to my brother ur lu our Ber7»ut, or to any one else. Exactly a lortnight afterward, when vlttlug at breaktust, I noticed that my brother seemed out nf eorte and did not oat. On my asking if anything was the matter, bo replied, 'No; but 1'vo bud u horrible mlgbtuaro. Indeed,' he went on, ' It was — — TtftrirtfHWflrn U-wee early this morning. ItSfld Ti nX.a?I'" >ou-' 'Wh.tr I i i Wft,IouB-lookiDg baBJ-- " aiQ8Ware<l,-'.irlsi,.|,-. c— j.„aH,ius wrapped lu a groy shawl, stooping over mo and looking tiko this ' . ' He got up. folded his arms, and put hlm- «olf in the punt re I remembered so well Hi- dhen described how the figure moved towardn aba door and disapp. and. ' Her mulovo- Irnt-faco and hor poatoro struck terror to any soul.' A year later. In 'ho month of July, one evening about 7 "'clock, .my second oldest aiaterand her two little ohildren, who were visiting us, woro the only folks at homo. ' Tho.eldosi obitd, a boy of fiva yeare, wanted, a drink' of water, and on leaving tho dining room to fotob It my sister desired the ohildren to remain tbore ti 1 her retu d, ebe leaving the door opon. Coming back aa qulokly as possible she' mottho hoy, pale end irembliig oil . bis way" to. her, and staked why he ' hud left the room. 'Oh.' he watd, 'who : l« that woman ? Who l« thr.t woman!'";' Whorq?' eho asked. That old woman' who' wont up stairs,' ho anuwurtd. Jibe tried to eonvineu him that there was no one elao 'n tbe' house, but he was so agitated »nd so ongor to provo it. that she took his trombling hand In hers and brought him upstairs, and went from one room lo an - other, be searching behind oust tins and under beds, etill maintaining that a wonrin -did io an the stairs. My sister rightly > el-ought i that tho mere fact of a woman -going, tip stairs' in a bnuso whore she »as a ntrangor would, not account for tbo obild'e terror.' , ' ' A neighbour of ours started when we first told, him what we had soeo, and thrfn -naked. if wo had never beard that h woman Had been , murdered in that honee many jrours previous to nnr pnrnhaso of .it. Be said it had tho reputation of beiog Haunted. This was the first in'imation wo Had of the foot. On the night of the 7tb July. 188G i was Wakened from a sound, sleep by same one npeuki g olose lo me I turned round, say ing, Emily, what is it !' thinking that my jeister,.who slept in the room next to'mine, bad oome in. I saw plainly the figure of a -women, who deliberately and silently moved »way . t ward tho door, whloh remained «uuij as I had left it. 'Two-days after thfe ooourrenon I was wakened about 6 o'olock In the morning by a presentiment nf approaching evil. I opened may eyes, and distinctly saw the form of a <larkly-olud, elderly female bending over mo With folded arms and glaring at mo with the xnopt intense malignity I tried to scream, -»nd straggled to withdraw myself from her, when 'afae slowly and silently receded baok. ward; and roemed to vanieh tbrongh tho bedroom door,' _ ITbe favoari'e game of the educated ' Jp' it known by the nan e of ' go,' and has been » t\atlonal game fur 3,000 years. Governms< officials are said to be particnlarty partial to go, 'and the masters of the game are ofrei tut twenty-four hours at a time engaged in it, surrounded by a corona of specially in vited gests. Tft'kun lyoiasu went errn sn lag as toerect in 1603 a 'go' academy, in wbich soonest ptay, ram ins country were employed aq professor end ofiioiuls. At presont a German, Dr K -rachelt, n native of ti-xiny, who 'has lived in Japan for a eonsid,rablr time, is -one of tbe beBt 'go' players. He writes concerning tbe R»me : 'Through tbe tuition of the fir-t go. master in Japan, Mnrnss 8hubn, I hav, been enebhd to acquits snffi- cientfcoowledgs of tbe game lo see thet it is < noble game, worthy to be placed side by side .with the seme ol chess, and I am con vinced that only a detailed description ol ' go' se necdssary to intror-noa it ioioBurnps and tn fljfve 'ft its pr-psr place' It appears that sn emlo'ehr German mathematician bus recettly undertaken to fnrnish tbe ' detailed desarip. ModMd pamphlet of tbe game, and Ir. ia to be ex pecron that before long the Qerman nation will be busily acquiring tbe rules of tbe I same' of 'go.' 