FOUL OF A WATERSPOUT. The following yarn is told in the I)aily. Telegraph to if A Seafarer" by " Ms friend. theSeoond Mate":— ••"•'.• " *' ' " The chief mate was a cheerful little Welshman—God rest his soul!—one of the most intelligent seamen 1 ^as <evjer associated with, with as tender aliepf t jas e v»r beat under a velfjet waistcqajfc, »d4 eyes so bright that I'd sometimes think that the redness that , ringed' nothing but the scorching of die skin by the. flashingxtf.his^oae, .^e Tyejp yery good, friends,• b,Olh*>f a father poetjosil turn oE miudj no very great rarity amongst seamen, through the conformedlystrained manliness of the sailor makes him feejl sheepish, even to be- t suspected pi Tomaotic bumour now aijd agiiiii, The •Bln^pet hovered about till ten 7 then jrent below. I joined the mate, and cyre fell to. quietly pacing the deck, of anything but the weafcher and ihe heat, and the calm, being sick of the things^. No, sir.; oureonversation went to consideration of the sort of times we w<ere to . expect at Calcutta, and I was in the midst of telling him that I was thinking seriously of. looking ..out for a mate's berth aboard a country wallah, where the month's wage sounded tall in ihe gjiapc of rupees, when he interrupted me oy coming all on a sadden to a dead stand, whilst he cried in^ff tragic voice that was scafqe more'than a hoarse whisper pointwith a little arm as he spoke. a space of 4usk that lay like, an ink-stain upon, the night that-was dark as the sea-line everywhere .else was;and inihe heart f>€ this »ecuiiar murky blotch I observedjfhat ooked to me to be two fine lines of |ame c'ose together, forking-out of the and lengthening upwards as one 'Watched with a kind of throbbing ,pallor whence they proceeded, .though this last was very elusive, and rttoti«eable only when the sight went a little to the right ojr left of it. ; "/Hush!' said £ after straining < my hearing., a moment, whilst the mate stood watching stockstill, as . though spell bound. Doyouhear it]" . ' " The noise X meant, jvhich £hpugh very- faint, was audible enougKamid the pauses of the flapping canvas on high Think of a kettle bailing in a room next to the one you are seated in, and that will be the character of the jjoisp Ihaipl- I spoke there was a flash lightning ?ight betwixt the two fine lines of fire and the wild glare threw out the ponder? 1 ous folds ofa great cioud, hanging like masses of smoke arrested. and pressed . down, above those strapge and ever growing luminous stalks. " ' A waterspout—two of them,it looks like,' cried the mate. * Hoqr does .it travel 1 Why? by all that's precious£ if its growth signifies its course, its heading • direct for the barque." "His vehement exclamations startled the jnen who had stowed themselves away a bout the decks for a nap,and you saw " a. -flitting of dusky figures to the rail, and . caught a note of-alarm in the half- smothered growl ofyoices whicji f/inie along. . Saving, always, the swing of the swell, the barque lay as dead on the sea as a lightship, not mi inch of way on &er; ; so . that there was nothing possible to be done in the way of mai o»umn; . "' But waterspouts don't shine/ cried I to the mate. "' Yes, yes,* he answered, * yonder does .anyhow. It is the -phosphorus in/ the water. , J . have seen sgch thing? ag^in jand again, flowing as though titjey tad got- a, streak of lightnigg stowed "avjiny in their «oiL" * ^ " He continued to look; tben with an oath; he . cried <mt passionately that |he appearance wis sheading for us, and, with a bound, gained the companion, down \- .which - fie bolted, returning after a few , fcreathlessmoments followed by the captain. who rose out of the hatch like a ghost, habited; in his shirt and drawers only. Believe me or not as you will, but what I'm going to tell yon is M feiie as that I, who walk by your side now, am a Imng man. The Sre-fwctured stalks, as I will call them, had thiekenedVith Incredible rapidity, and looked ;five hundred Sect high, distant aetheyyct were. There was a constant play bf light- Jiing.o^er t fc em, sometimes Toy fierceand brilliant, with sharp cracks'of-thundery .whose.. reverberations rolled over : the polished undulations of the wtter with a pound of heavy bowls hurled along resonant wooden stage, The ste^nation around mace the sight of that small rotating - luminous tempest as wonderful as it was frightful. JEvery" moment heightened the roar of the boilingat its |>»se,and the indescribable yelHqg of the circular sweeping of the. wmd of this yarrow tempest. - Some oftheinen beat with • handspikes furiously -upon the scuttle to arouse the watcn below. I . etood . watching. scarce drawing a breath, captain and mate beside me both silent Indeed, there was nothing fo &e; done. We might, perhaps, ha ve fired § g||n, but we Jradn't such a thing ab'oartC lFhe pourse of the spout w^ easily to : be gathered by the sharpening of the mysti cal golden fires which illuminate die re' Tolving columns, and by the whitin|; upon tiie right of the bed of foam out o: i which those vast liquid trunks grew,' and by the increasing uproar of th$ maddened and seething mass of spume and of the . thunderblasts over it 'following e^cli barbed lightning-stroke witK pon^ lanuon* detonations, comparable 'only to broadsides delivered from a Sour- decked lins-of-battle ship. The spout came , along slowly—if » single spout it were r^-with its two flaming . limbg and p$e ^ense rhead ofyaponr. ^Pherp w«6 «. bit of hope to be got out of tins, "for it might break and pensh ere it reached us. * The captain cried^v ' * ' " My God ! what shall we do? How fast is ..it travelling, think you, Mr Morgan P" _ " JSight miles in the Jiouiv-iio faster, fir," croaked the mate, in the voice of a . snan sentenced to death. " It'll be aboard us i" xoare4' : someone, forward .suddenly in a ranicsT fray, and the cry was instantly followed hy afranMc rush aft of shadows, as the figures iof the men looked. Bpt the boatis wain of the barque, whose ;tones. I recognised, cricd out " -Tump for shelter, ^my ladsX Jump for shelter 4 Down with you unde^ deck, pr ther** 11 be ne'er a life left to exjplain \- what hurt the shipon which many ©f the •• men sprang forward again, ^hg captain saying nothing, and the mgte w&s; mtite as I for the lightning was crackling over our heads now, and the. batque \- yas plunging upon die heavy sea filing in advance by the commotion, though there was fiot a breath of ai? ^e£; as J live to tell it, and tiie'spoutalmost within pistol shot I Wlel,'*! can only sptak of myself now for what followed was 3ike a horrible nightmare, from which you start with {he blood tfeick m your veins, without being able to reeaH a feature of the terror "that avioke you. The mad impulse one got from the sight »nd sound ofthe«pout, and its horrible accomp^nisuents «f'whiteness jat foot and bla-.kuess overhead, was for shelter, and tny .first , , . », .. ^pnng was for the companion, with a cry 1 & thfr captain and mate to follow me. 5 r was scarce four steps down when there | happened a shock a« tlioug-i an earthquake right under the keel pf the barque had' torn her into staves. Jjaet for one instant my earii caught the inexpressible hellish clamour of toiif of sweeping water, of spars snapping like pipe gtems^-then wash! the companion way wias filled in a bfeath, and ^oyFn'•% went! syrept along ^Eoisibdity by a flood that was a s]m^). Si ) agara Falls in' its way for 4 ''Of coarse I wasn't drowned; of course I regained consciousness : ~but tSiat w^8 not so wonderful as that I should haye crawled out of the cabin like a soaked Jleece, a sane man, with every sense taut in him, ingfcead of a grinning ajid gibbering ^idiot. I gained the deck. The night was breathless. sound came ofE the oceap,' though the horizon hung black all around as before. io'-'see, ajod jthen I observed that the bap3u& was dismasted. The ghadoy of h^r d^k stretched out before fh^sr nulk. There were ^gures moving here and there. J halloed, and- ijio|t ^ |:hem caine aft. But they were all too stupejjled to answer questions ; they "muttered in a dazed way. Who was missing ! what had happened more than that the barque'had been'stripped to the condition df a naked liullwas not to .be gaflirred till the dkwn. came. But before the light broke we had rallied sufficiently to man the pumps and keep tWm going. Talk of a wreck J Ifever did the sun rise upon a more pitiable sight than the barque niade; three jagged stamps where the lower masts tod been ; a whole wilderness of wreckage over the side ; fcoW/prit gone, the wiiole line of port bulwarks smashed flat, deck house, galley, long boat, jquarjter-boats—all vanished. The captain and the poor fellow who had l>een at the Wheel were miqsing; their fate needed up guessing. But we found the "body of the mate, cruelly bruised and barely distinguishable as a human fonn, lying ipider a mass of gear.*? ' Tfel 1 , to end the yarn, for it's nearly told; we passed three days of desperate pumping,- for the vesseVtook in water as though Her bpttom had been a grating, and 'twas pnmp or sink, for we were without^ boat. But on the morning of the fourth day a steamer hove'in sight, spied qs, and came alongside. She was just, in time; we were mere spectres, with the strength of sucli things, and I believe if the next relief of the pumps had been called there would hare been noanswer," 