' MAGAZINES FOR NOVEMBER. SECOND NOTICE. The Nineteenth Century contains a remarkable protest against the system of forced examinations under the somewhat infelicities title of the " The Sacrifice of Education." The protest sets forth the conviction of the persons signing it that competitive examinations, as at present carried out, are ruinous to the intellectual, moral, and physical fibre of the nation. The pupil loams mechanically and without pleasure, simply for the sake of immediate success, and the teacher discharges his task Yvittiout interest or enthusiasm. There are 12 or 13 pages of signatures to the protest, most of them being the names of men eminent in politics, literature, and science, and this is expected to be only a first instal- ment. Most of the persons signing are in favour of a petition to the Crown asking for the appointment of a Royal Commission to consider the whole question of official appointments by examination. They also propose that the governing bodies of Oxford and Cambridge and other educational authorities should be requested to appoint committees to inquire in what way the different kinds of examinations in vogue report on education. There are separate papers on the subjects by Professor Max Mueller, Mr. G. A. Freeman, and Mr. Frederick Harrison all of them being adverse to the present system. Professor Max Muller declares that, from what he has seen at Oxford and elsewhere, he believes that all real joy in study is being destroyed by examinations, as they are now carried on. " The mischief done is, I believe, most serious. It will poison the best blood of England, if it has not done so already. " Armstrong, who signs the protest, contributes an article on " The Craze for Useless Knowledge," and altogether the system of granting" carries in for some very hard knocks. Mr. Gladstone has an article on Queen Elizabeth and the Church of England. The Church, he admits, has been often assailable enough, Yet it has been a solid and not trifling, piece of human history, and has had a large share in moulding the character and determining the fortunes of a great nation. That this nation is what it is may with out praise or blame, but only in acknowledgment of the fact, be owned due to Queen Elizabeth as much as to any human being that has ever in this island enjoyed or suffered the storm and bracing experience of life." Among the other articles is one on the action of the Germans in Samoa," by W. L. Rees; and. one on Public Buildings in London," by Mr. Shaw Lefevre, M.P. In Macmillan, there is "'A Speculation " on the possibility of "Boulangism in England." The writer points to the fact that with the decrease in the power of the Throne and of the aristocracy there has been an increase in the power of the Prime Minister, who practically is the Cabinet. The practice of using the name of the party leader of the day at every election makes these elections amount practically to a plebiscite. The danger is not that the English Boulanger, whoever he may be, should call for a revision of the Constitution Englishmen would not stand that; but that he should avail himself of parliamentary forms which no longer offer effective checks on personal supremacy to accomplish his purpose. There is, the writer thinks, a chance even yet of a military dictatorship in case England should under present conditions find herself involved in a great war. Of course, in politics, nothing is altogether impossible but the bogy Yvhicb the Macmillan writer conjures up has not sufficient appearance of reality about it to frighten even timid people, There is an article on " The Scottish Horace Walpole who is Charles Fitzpatrick Sharpe. It was Sir Walter Scott who gave Sharpe the title which head's this interesting paper. There are four chapters of a new novel by W. Clarke Russell, called "Marooned." . Much the most interesting contribution to the Scribner's Magazine is a paper by General Philip ' Sheridan, called " From Gravelotte to Sedan." It is an excellent description from the pen of an eye-witness who had exceptional facilities for observation of the critical and closing scenes of the Franco- German war. Ini'iow of the recent controversy as to the part which Bismarck played in regard to the establishment of the German Empire, an incident recorded by General Sheridan as having taken place immediately after Sedan is particularly worth attention. Bismarck resolved to take up his quarters in Douoborry. '. On our way thither we were met by the Count's nephew, who., assuring us that it would be impossible to find shelter there in the village, as all the houses were filled with wounded, Forsyth and I decided to continue on the 1 Ckevengos. On the other hand Histnarck-Bohlen bore with him one great comfort-some excellent brandy. Offering the flask to his uncle, he said " You've had a hard day of it; won't you refresh yourself?' The Chancellor, without wasting time to answer, raised the bottle to his lips, exclaiming: Here's to the unification of Germany, which sentiment the gurgling of an astonishingly long dark seemed to emphasize" ' ' It has sometimes been said that in his first meeting with the fallen Emperor, Prince Bismarck was rather deficient in the delicate courtesy which the occasion demanded. It is certain that when he saluted Napoleon, the latter started violently. " It must," explained the Chancellor afterwards to General Shuri dan, " have been due to my manner, not my 'words, for they were, I salute your Majesty' just as I would my king." There are several other interesting articles in Scribner, including the apparently inevitable essay on Matthew Arnold. The frontispiece of the Magazine of Art is an etching by Gevy-lilchard, for Meissonier's picture of " The Painter." A painter in the attire of the last century is sitting in front of an easel, transferring to canvas the outline of a figure in a preliminary sketch. His back is to the spectators, and little else is to be soon of him besides his Wig and his long coat. But so natural and lifelike is the pose that the figure is full of interest, and it is almost possible to imagine that the hand is actually travelling over the canvas. The etcher has done his work admirably, and altogether the etching is full of life. There is an article on " Alfred Gilbert, A.U.A.," with illustrations of his work as a sculptor, and an essay on ?' The Liverpool Corporation Collection," liberally illustrated. A full-page enslaving of "Summer," the picture by Solomon J. Solomon, and articles on Dante, Gabriel Rosetti, and "The Insignia of Royalty " are among the other features in a very satisfactory number of the magazine. The Century has an article on "The Guilds of the City of London." The subject is one which lends itself to profuse illustration of the architectural order, and some of the cuts in the article are exquisite in their way. A number of letters from. Lord Nelson to Sir Thomas Troubridge are published for the first time. They refer exclusively to the" expedition to the Baltic in the early part of 1861, and range in date from March to May in that year. They are business-like,. straightforward, and to the point, and give a clear idea of the operations which led up to the destruction of the Danish fleet There are articles on "The Byzantine" and " Cimabuo," the latter illustrated by engravings of the Madonna and child, in the Church of Santa Maria, Novella, Florence, and of the doubtful "Cimnbuo'' in the Florence Academy of Fine Arts. M. Coli, the engraver, gives his reasons for thinking that the distribution of the latter picture to Citnabue is atuYvarranlnd. There is an interesting, article on the question " Where was the place called Calvary?" which is illustrated with a map of Jerusalem and some views of the city and its surroundings. The author argues in favour of that theory of Mr. Fisher Down, that the hill above s; Jeremiah's Giotto" was probably the. -its of the crucifixion. The article on convict life in Siberia is continued, with copious rains t'atioiiB, all of which convey a painful idea of the sufferings of the unhappy convicts and exiles on their road to the hated mines. The contents of C/iamocr4''s Journal' are as usual marked by variety and brevity, There are articles on "Recent Discoveries in Egypt, on "Oxford Pass Schools 'Groats,'" on the Bat" (which contains some amusing anecdotes), and many other subjects. Cassell's contains an article on "A Trip to Dutch- man's Land," which is illustrated, the interesting cuts representing scenes in Holland', and especially in Amsterdam. There is a " True Ghost Story," with an unsensational ending, and an article useful to the housewife on " Divers Ways of Cooking Apples." The "Family Doctor" writes on "Preparing to Face the "water," and in the gardening department is an article On Growing Chrysanthemums." The Quiver is as usual readable and well illustrated. Among the contents is an interview with the Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, by " Our Special Commissioner." It gives a portrait of the well ktiOYvn divine, and some interest "Jg illustrations of the exterior and interior of his pleasant home. Longman's has an essay setting forth I "A Scheme in lieu of ' Payment by Results, " which. afters a business like contribution to the burning Educational controversy on the du There are two natural history articles one on The Frog and his Relations and the other on A lie h Ilernng the latter being illustrated with one or two diagrams Temple Bar contains on article on Willi I'm Lamb's Wife the passionate and unfortunate Lady Caro Uno -ho<. amour with Byron is a not too creditable incident in the poets career There is no doubt that Lady Caroline was an e\lriordmm norn n-a strange wife for a quiet easy going man like William Lamb and an intolerable vote for any man or loss passive temperament Ultimately Lamb was fain to separate from her though this was not the case until she had made her nerve and his a by word in society She died however with her hold on her and enduring husband's breast A paper on New York. and New "Yorkers" gives a chatty and gossipy account of the great American city The writer is severe on fire want of dignity in New I York society and the lack of life cence in regard to domestic affairs " Of course there are good men and true, and women of refinement and culture to be found in large numbers and in all tanks, but they are eclipsed by the more {,0 she is more show by people who are in the form of of fashion and they are certainly in no sense typical of theatre e American who altogether lacks refinement It is just this vant of the elevated the beautiful, the noble which makes the late Mr Matthew Arn ild's stricture on Vinenoiu HOC etc so essentially true we bath J S U I hits the tas 11 of so much that is unsatisfactory in the lives of New Yorkers so clearly on the head that I cannot do better til in conclude this article with his exprEssed the opinion that the want is such as to make any educated in in feel that many country is much less free and prosperous than the Dated Starts are yet more truly tossed ' " There is an interesting article on Mudlarkmg in Bohemia the real Bohemia not the shade vy and of literary and artistic conviviality The coat fits of the Sim are interesting show in elude a continuation of the series of articles on The Defence of British Possessions which is accompanied by an elaborate table of invasions and descents which have taken place in the United King- lo II The Cornhill is as usual strong in faction and there is a tin her instalment of a description of A Conch Drive at the I aloes that d lightful road from Thirlmere to his m ck being treated of 