WHI8PER8 AT THE WVNM- Br "Q." »o many Engbstaperformett is all moches of toe profewioo are coming out here and gomg to America, that the theatrical agents at uome are getting "cheered," Of course, toe exodus deprives these people of cheats, and, consequently, loss of money, A prominent manager has given me a memo, sent to a per former ho had enraged to come out i>y one of these agents, which shows bow tbey would try to boycott its jo getting out sew talent. This is it verbatim et literatim : — " Dear Sir,— We are surprised to learn you are going to Australia to-morrow, and consider (bat you are behaving very unfair to ob in this matter. What do you propose to do about the engagements made ? We shall charge you the commission upon all the contracts we have inaue ana inas you create, is may not euro out so good a thing for you as you im- agine, as others have goue out, and been : left— not but what you may get your money ; that we do not doubt, but lime will ebow." A pretty epistle truly, as silly as it is illiterate. However, as long as such salaries are being offered to artists to visit Australia there is no fear that the attempts to intimidate by any agents will have aoy effect Why don't someone start a dramatic and literary club in the city? It is certainly moch needed, and I'm sure it would be not only a convenience, but a success. Look how well it would do on a Sunday evening, when there could bo a smoke, a drink / and a chat, and a little harmony. Somebody might look to it. Scott and Dicken? are the novelists who have suffered most at the hands of tbe stage adapter. Poor dead Andrew Halliday — or Andrew Hol- lidoy Duff, as bo was called by those who knew his real name— was, perhaps, the biggest sin ner in hacking about toe works of too repre sentative Scotch and Rnglhh novelists for dramatic purpose. But he might be the greatest genius who ever took tiic liberty of breathing in these sublimnry clmies, and yet l«e couldn't mako a thoroughly satisfactory play out of any one of the woks of either writer. Just recall the books you have read by these two men, and compare tlic-m with the dramatic versions of them you havo seen. What would you call than ? Patchwork plays? I fancy so; at anyrate that's what 1 consider them. No; neither the works of Scott nor of Dickens are frmr.ed for dramas. Thoy are descriptive novels pure nnd simple, and tbe plays made oftliein are just hotch-potch, tableau scenes, mm continuity, inns adherence to the spirit of the original, tans re-production of that distinctive cliarm which its the delight of the reader of the novel. If you were to ask tne to substantiate my theory and assertions, I would bid you go and cit out, if you can the version of Dickens's "Old Curiosity Shop," which they have put mi at the Royal. And yet, if you nave happy, touching recollections of the fascinating 6tory, do not go. There is a pitiful difference be tween tiie novel and the play, and the differ ence is one which would have more of sorrow than of joy for you. Is it a variety entertain ment ? Is it a Digger minstrel show ? Is it a circus ? Is it Tom Cribb'a |>arlor ? Such are the questions you meutally jmt to yourself as you .see the succession of antics which are (lerpetratcd on the stage. The fact is that this Yankee skit was simply faked up for a variety girl named Lot ta, who ran it all around toe States and made money by it. It is a cab-ital idea ; no, I mean a Brougham idea to burlesque Dickens, and Carrie Swain takes arunle advantage of it. She goes in for "big licks, " as her compatriots would eav. and doubles tbe parts of Litlle Nell and the Marchioness. She has a queer conception of both— there is a lack of the unsophisticated in the tormr-r, and tbe latter is simply turned into a variety i>how serio-corric. She is a clever lady, but she is not laisine the standard of her art." With Johnnie Gourlay's Quilp I waa very favorably impressed. \rou may be sure he does bis level bett with it, and he plain with a lot of the necessary realistic dcamonic intensity. Don't ask about the rest. They have heaps of crowdB, IoIb of music ana good scenery, and they are taking money. Fancy having to shut the doors of a theatre half an hour before the beginning of the per formance. They had to do it up at the Princess's on Monday, when Nellie Farren took her benefit. The house was crammed quite full up, and it was " officially " whispered in my private ear that it was the biggest pit of money in the bouse during tlie engagement. Monio Christo was the piece, and of course all combined to make it go like wild-fire. Boor wee thing, Sylvia Grey, wasn't in it because she has sprained ono of her dainty little ankles. Sigh that she may soon recover. They have again struck Miss Esmeralda, and to-iuorrow evening, being the last of their stay here, Fred Leslie takes a benefit. Then tliey go on by sjiecial train to tSydnny. Tears, wailing and smashing of gum boils 1 They are 6iill rolling up in crowds to see Comrades, and there's lota of appreciation and enjoyment about nightly. On Saturday they change the bill to Tbe Magistrate, when Mr. Hubert Broueb, who has been away from us for six or eight months, makes hia re appear ance in the jxirt of Mr. Foskot. There's a very strong cast, and thecoincdy will be staged uilh due completeness. I'm awfully sorry for the Slier win people. It was baid to see the orchestra and the .chorus assembled round the doors of the theatre last WednetOAy morning all anxious to know if there was any chance of "the gho6t walkiug" or of tlie performance being continued. But neither event hapK?ncd. Now the directors of the Opera House ComiKiny have identi fied themselves with the management of the Bbon-B. Thpv rp-nncn the theatre on Saturdav wiih Martha, and there will bo some alterations on the former caste. Zola is a most realistic writer. That last chapter in Nana is, I think, the most horribly, hideously realistic bit of writing I ever read. But just as in the casnof theotber two novelists I have been writing of, he does not write for those effects which are necessary i for stage purposes. Drink is the exception which proves the rule ; and yet it doesn't, because the drama is pretty considerably "faked up," as it were, and if it were not for tbe one character, Coupeau, it would not be worth a rush light. When H. C. Sidney told roe l,o had a very 6trong dramatic version of Zola's Germinal I kind of shook my head. For a >articular professional reason I |had occasion when the novel was running in several of the home weeklies to go over tbe work, and, knowing it as I did, I was convinced that any dramatisation of it would be champagne with out the effervescence. If you've read tlie novel you'll understand what I mean ; if you haven't, get it at once, and you'll find some strong writing in it. I went to see the piece Sid..bas put it on at the Alexandra on Satur day night, and I cannot honestly sav I was impressed with it. It is lU-constractea, disjointed, and weak in stage dialogue. I fear re -construction and is required to furnish a meritorious and acceptable piece and performance. Tbe play U but the mere out line of toe imvri— It k amttaneed that tbe former tasimpjy suggested by the latter-Huid toe lain feature is tbe disputra and rivalries that ante between " Master and Mao," as toe drama is entitled. You wont come across many more what tby rail "careful and painstaking" actors than H C. Sidney, and he's had a lot of varied and advantageous experience. He has mannerisms Jn speech and jesture which sometimes mar a part, but I'm not eure that these characteristics do not come very effec tively to his aid in tbe representation which he givra of young Lander. There is oo doubt ho played with a lot of empbasia and be worked up one or two of the nointa exoellently. Wben it is mentioned that Miss Alice Deorwyn as the mine proprietor's daughter, and George Melville as Halon, Id id good work, it is not necessary to go into eatacies ever the others. The house was far from crowded, and Abe performance was over before ten. On Monday, Fm told—I can't epeak from my own knowledge because I wasn't there — there was improvement, and tbe drama was preceded bya comedietta, while the Maori footballers gave it a look up. The | drauia got on for some nights. Tlie havo a very nicely set opening at the Virtnn Half nhMti l.«f mII "LSffl TTnrtn he Mississippi," and the olio during it is en- oyablc. About tbe best things in finales I , lave come across is that they are doing now. with Wilt Whitburn outdoing Sims Beeves. You'll roar at it. During the second part there are some good things. FiJson and Errol moke a distinct bit by tbeir roan v. woman musical sketch.- It is cleverly worked out and sustained. Good conjuring business is done by Professor Herbert, and tlm Donald son boys do a new acton the swinging rings. bill sre new this week, and they are up to the , mark. The Cogill boys and toeir " push " fill in the' first |x>rtion, and tbeie ii sufficient warbling and merriment to suit you right down to tbe ground. Then Hairy Rickords and bis lot have a go at it, end they go it. Harry himself is in great force, and since Macdermotc used to fetch us with " We Don't Want To Fight," 1 haven't heard anything so effectively put as the last verve of "How He Carries On." The niheis do their duty; and on Saturday they'll have to do it doublv, because there's a matinee on that day for kiddies and bigger folks. The dramatisation of Mr. Barncv, of New York, x>urcLased by Mr. Harry St. Maur, has been accepted by Messrs, Williamson, Garner, snd MuFprove. and will be produced at the Theatre Royal on 7th September. Tins is the smartest version submitted to tbe firm. In it are several strong situations apart from tlie novel, which will considerably add to the in terest of the plot. The novel ifrelf is power fully written, and although presenting as it does numerous facilities for dramatisation, to ensure a compact aud actable play a thorough knowledge ot dramatic construction is neces sary. Tlie version submitted to tlie Royal management was well criticised before accept ance, having been applied for and read no lees than four times, so 1 may conclude that the iece is clever. It will be well mounted, ignor aud Signorina Majeroni will be iu tbc cast. A favcrite resort of sporting men and theatricals in Adelaide, is Mick Tier's Tattersall's Hotel, opposite tlie theatre. Mick is an old "pro," very good hearted and verv genial. Ho is a capital raconteur, ana some ot his arns ot tne roaa when be was circus travelling with Burton are well worth repetition. I can't remember them just now. but he was telling a good stoiy the other night of how two bard-up individuals got a skinful of liquor, of which I may be able togivo you an outline. Two pros., who bad not seen " tbe ghost walk for some time, but manured to inaiutaiu an outwardly respectable appearance, met ono morning, and commiBserated with each other on the bid times. " Say, Brown," says Figg, tiic phil osopher. to Brown, the tragedian, " can you weep for half au-hour if I hit on a plan to get a good booze?" "Can 1 weep, tny boy. Ill belike Niobe, all tears," replied the heav tragedy man 111 his deejiest and most affecting tones. "Come along, then," said Figgs, and away the pair started to tho establishment of a fashionable under taker. " What is the meaning of this ? " ioquired Brown. " Never you nuud ; nut weep when I give you the cue." Entering Mr Graves's office Figcs introduced hi friend Brown as a gentleman who had just lost his wife, but hie grief was too overpowering to permit him to make arrangements for the zunerai. iBrowti proouceu ajib sine uanana and wept copiously, in stage # fashion, uf course.) While he was engaged in this opera tion in one corner of toe office Figgs assured Mr Graves confidentially that his friend belonged to ono of the wealthiest families in the city, and that the funeral was to be carried out ou the most liberal scale, regardless of expense. A hearse with plumess six mourning coaches, hat bands aud glove, for the guests, and an elaborate coffin for tbe defunct were all ordered seriatim, the vener able Graves interjecting consolatory passages of scripture as tbe bereaved husbaoa hod a fresh fit of weeping when each new item was mentioned. "As all the household are so much unset over this 'sad event," said Figgc, 44 1 shall be glad, Mr Graves, if you will supply the u<>cessary refresnraenta. I suppose you keep tlie best brands of wine, as uotbing else is drank in my friend's house " "Oh, certainly," replied Graves; you shall sample them now; John, bring a large bottle of dry Winipolc, from No. 4 bin." The wine was brought, and Brown was persuaded to partake of it. " Hum, hah, this is a lectle dry, do you not think? Have 5ou any Roederer?" "Oh, yes, certainly, ohn, bring a bottle of that gold top." This was also duly discussed. " Now about spirits. Mr Graves ; some good old brandy would be required." "My dear sir. I have the identical article to suit you," and John brought in a bottle of choice eau-de- vie. The pair of adventurers were beginning to feel the effects of their potations, wben they rose, tock their hats, ana walked to the door with smiling faces, and wishing Mr Graves a hearty good morning. "Oh, stay, gentlemen," called Mr. Graves; "you have forgotten one thing ; you havo omitted to give ub the address where we shall find the deceased lady." Now, Mr Brown, the tragedian, tock up the burden of tlie song, " Mr Graves said be, striking an attitude, and speaking sepul- chraly, 4 You have been good enough to pro vide a hearse and plume'." "Yes sir." "Six mourning coaches." "Yes sir. 41 Hat, bauds and gloves, and refreshments for the guests." ; 44 Yes sir." 44 And a coffin for tbe deceased," "Yes air." 44 Well, now Mr Graves, you must also supply the corpse, for I assurc you that we hav'otgot one." With this the clever pair stepped into tlie street, and were in a moment lost in tbe crowd. G rattan Rigge's people are rehearsing in tho city prior to skipping to Broken Hill next week. . . . Benefits to the members of the , umortunoto rreocn company are being ar ranged here and at Syduey. . . . Nina Bouricault is about tu appear with her mother and brother in a new piece in New York. . . . Tbe Holloway-Jenyns company finished up at Adelaide on Saturday, wheu Holloway had a benefit. . . . The Lynch Bellringere and Fisk Jubilee Singers are giving toeir enter tainments round about the city with succcbb. . "Depressed Dramatists is tbe beading the Brisbane Observer . gives a paragraph about a poorly attended performance by the Marian Willis Company of the Colleen Bawn. . . j. tie uAiviu vuuuw wuipany opened at the Adelaide Royal in "Moscotte" on Monday with excellent results. . . . The Vivians dosed Gardiner's Rooms, Adelaide; on Satur day, and are now doing the suburbs there. Tommy Hudson with a fresh minstrel show succeed them oh Monday. . Frank Clark's crowd are pushing along merrily in Tasmania. . . Rinks are killing ell tbe places of amusement in Sydney. . , Last week tlie Corrington-Taylar Combination were at Wagga. , . Jim the Penman, with St. Maur, Anson, and Agnes Thomas bu been put on at toe Sydney Criterion. . . . Bl&nd; Holt is giving them the sensa- tional at tne ttnEbane upera House. . . . Rockhampton is being entertained by tho Dampaers. . . Clay -Greene, who wrote Hans the Boaiman for Arnold, is arranging a new version of Uncle Tom, which was to be produced at the Hollia Street Theatre, Boston, on 13th Angust, and then to be transerred to the Star Theatre there. . Bims end Ptettitt ere preparing for predoetida at the London Gaiety Theatre in ibe autumn a new burlesque to be called Faust 'Up to Date. . » . Sims end Jacobi sue et work on a' new comic opera. Tbe New Zealand horses Lochiel and Busdey are announced for sale. ItiB probable therefore, that Lochiel will not start for she New Zealand Oup, for which et latest dates be was most fancied. 