Garrison; Church Parade. '? , I . , ? ? ? : . ., ' ? ' ? ? v :The annual garrison church parade, prior to the celebration of the 69th birthday ' of Her; Majesty Queen '^Victoria, '? was held on Sunday under Colonels Warner, 'officer commanding the' Northern : division; ? Tlie parade was favored: with: a : fine dayi'and as usual : ? passed off ( ; in' a' ! highly \ satisfactory manner,- -the muster, appearance, and ,marchin2 being verv creditable. The various, corps .-: arid ??' respective ;oilicers, numbering in all 1 about 270, assembled in ? the drill ground, St. John-street, at about a quarter-past 10 a.m., and 'after being formed jirito marching order, left for St. John's Church and Church of Apostles, headed by the band of the Rifle-. -Regiment under Bandmaster Harrison.' ? On ^arrival at the corner of St; John and Elizabeth streets the Protestant members' of, th'ei force branched off i ; into ySt.' John's:: Church,' whilst the' Catholics' turned into Elizabeth- street'/ and; ..under Lieutenant; JPultbn,' 'attended service ; at. 'i the .; Church-, i of ? the - Apostles. The. i officers n present ; ; wer'ei ? as ? ? follows :—? Colonel: Warner, Majors -'H«irrap;- (retired' list), .Collins^, Martin;,- :? Captains IHarrapV iGpuldj,,:Fairthorne,' Sadler j 'Sergt.-Majors' Welsh; 1 Martini ;; -Lieutenants s Benhison',i Croft, Ypungjr.Gould, i Eultbn, . Craig.i Reid; Chambers jDr. Gutteridce ;'- Quarter-Masters 'Kirkland,andSams.-.-! At;St; John's Church - the chaplain of the forces, the Rev. J;'B.' ;Woollnough, officiated, and-special-rhymns' were sung, although ,the customary prac tice of singing the; National; Anthem was not adhered^to.;, Tlie.reyi gentleman took forTiis text'parc of, .the 7th verse of the,14th chapter! . of cSfcCLuke—'fFbr' h'one^fbf -' us liveth to himself.' He prefaced his sermon, by announcing that the offertory at the end' of the service.wbuld be devoted! towards de fraying the cost of a tent for the use of the defence .force in. attending divine service when in camp ; - also. . ithat ; he .was very glad, toliove been allowed to: preach to the Northern 1, members of ithei defence' force, because it was, a privilege he seldom tot. ,' The text was then dealt with in a escrip'tiye ; jiind plain manner,- ?; and ; in , conclusipii , , Mr . : Woollnough : ' dealt! : ? for cibly ' , on ' the necessity of : ! abandon ing; : all' thoughts of benefit to.self^.when joiriirig' a body like the defence-. if orce, and, went on to say that each man should be .willing to ,.make all manner ?of-conces-; isioris, .and'try, and accustom himself .to' 1 prevailing sell sacrifice ; ; to a belief 1 in God.r .arid' to; try'; and cultivate a. -passion, for striving to benefit their fellow man., -Where disbelief in God existed, corruptioniboth in the, State and pridiyiduai would-, surely, follbwi However, iiv speakings, to . a body !of , men like he,, .had before him,. , lie|! could say that- their!; exist ence was, a protest; against such. disbelief. He would advise,,them to carry, through out the whole corps,; a; spirit; of self sacrifice, and show, to their comrades : that ?they could give up a little:selfishness. This would li aye! a'berieficial effect on themselves and their'.comrades. The offertory wastheni ; taken up !aiid £11 5s Id realised. -. -,:i ;,, At: the'! Church,, of- the! Apostles .there was a very crowded congregation,- ,-: the volunteers occupying the pewst on'ithe eastern' side. .,1 Haydn's No. ,3- 'Imperial'. ;Mass, with,., the., .assistance ,of ;-a ,-rfnil orchestra, 'under the skilful .conductor ship of Mr T.ll. Bosworth, was exceedingly well rendered, Miss Ellis presiding at the: organ ihjher usual efficient manner, Weber's Benediction being substituted for ; Haydn's. The soloists were Mrs J. H. Mitchell, Miss Sullivan, and Messrs. Green, O'Brien, and Keon,' Mrs' Mitchell .and Mr: Xeon.ialso singing 'Rossi's- ' Tantum. Ergo' during the offertory. Father Murphy: commenced 'solemn : mass, attended by a ? number : fof ticplytes, who completely filled the chancel. After'the singing of the , first gospel, the ^Vefy Rev. ';the . Dean ascended, the pulpit,1 and after, some., preliminary remarks preached from the. text— 'The Spirit; of the, Lord hath filled the. whole earth, and.the 'whole universe hath.. heard , his , voice.'' (Wisdofn, 1st, chap.,;7th verse;); After- rer f ernng to the Imiracle of SO days ago, which was a confirmation of the divinity of Jesus Christ, and drawing attention to the solemn manner in .which the Catholic Church cele- 1 brates that great' church festival, he referred briefly to .the various appearances .of ,pur, Lord till the, Ascension Day.; /The preacher then graphically' described His departure from t!if-. Apostles after assuring them that He would. not leave them orphans, but that He would send to thon: the i'iiraclete, the Spirit of Truth, to teach them nil truth and abide with them forever. The Dean pictured from imagination the gathering at Olivet, as he- could do from a recent visit to ? the place, arid lie afterwards vividly de scribed St.' Peter's entrance toKome,aud how he coped with all the riiajesty, power, and in fluence which the imperial city commanded all over the world at that time. The Dean concluded his address with a most pathetic appeal to Divine Providence that his own flock might be large sharers of the grace of the JlolySpirit, and that all through life they might have that grace in their respective callings. He prayed that the grace of the ! Lord Jesus Christ, the charity of God, and ithe communication' of ;the Holy Ghost might remain for ever with them. At the conclusion of the discourse the 'Credo' was intoned, and- the music peculiar to the solemn functions' continued to the end of mass. : After service the corps re-formed and; marched back to the barracks, where they were dismissed about 130 p.m. 