[?] 1 The Rov J, B. FAotoher. of Sydney, the exh president of the WeeleyaqQeBeiSki Gonferenoa preached on Sunday, the lfih inst , iolS mowing at PTahrftn We8leyan_ Ghuroh. and, in the evemog at the Wegley Ghurcbr Wo. Aaiootfoei- -:- At the former place or worship he chose hio textfromJohn xvii-;3k: "And thSe iifeaternal, hat theywtoThe, th»t>u!ytri&X3o;(! hod J esas Chnat WbomTliou hast ieut Hs said: It ia possible to liv without kodwing it is not posaihle to know Without living. It f 1 knowledge that ennofcteejapd gtAdpaiea life, nod in the text we have the nbbst Vform of life and the highest - oatroeiYahU kind of knowledge btonit -together. We stand upoh the mohntain top wUh- cu object interpoemg between us and the stars ' for "this is life eternal to know Thee, the only true God, and J egos Christ, whom Thou hast sent Our difficulties, I think. teaOb (wo most important lesson. First.God may be known, bnt there ia oniy oue way to know Him. Modern cpepticiam has affiimed that revelation is imposuhlB, and - that Gnd is: unknowable. Bnt the revelation implied two partite,- God And msDj anii who is -he ; who takes upon himaalf to speak for both - Saiely hB who affirms thai God cannot rsveal Himself, or tht God can, must be one" who knows more of - God than we do Bnt He who speaks to us in tbetext ia our mediator, the mediator between Gpd knd tnn ; and being 60d, c»: speak of God,"aod for God"; and beiog man, under tandeman and can apeak to man. The . god who cannot reveal himself is not the God of the Bible," for He iB our Father in Heaven, and surely - nothing is mbrd probable tbah that a father would reveal himself to his children. Suppooe: that , one of you was a little infant, and some wise man hvd toldyonr mother that she could never reveal herself to her ohild, what would $e her reply i Would she not havb said, ,rIi will take bath Of that, - and unless I am more stupid (ban other, mothers, and my, child more stupd than other ohildreo, I am quite sure' that I can revest my thoughts to my child before be oan epeak a wordt and that hie will be abla to interpret hem ;M and theh :all the interestingdevioes ofmaternal lovewould be brought into buty operation. Every kiea would bfi.a sacrameat, every caresB a revela tion ; ana' Ete.enTolded arnw wouldtje to the little worshipper jasl What the wiugs of the: ancient cbembim wete to the high pri<st, as . be looked up and saw the meroy seat. Sow eddni weald the mother be jrevealed to the child ! And surely the being is taot worthy d the name of God.andheisisotihsGod of the Bible, who is less able to devise means to communicate with men and women who euHer ho mnoh misery until He reveaU BLimtelf-r-i#te-nblfi than the human mrthefc; ttlHttal ty thehttJe: child that liakTibthed leatned'td epeak; Our Saviour's - teacbicg Jsfc 4 I jata the way, the truth, and the life ; no maii cometh tin to the Father hot by -Me. Now the .mbst obyious' lessons which Obrlst teaches "us when HO nails Himself the way is that ,He coonects the two distant pointe of 'utw adGtet wm6 a way has he _ cxmstrocted betfiv dia. taut point bf this JSlKfiWnt— if there are rivers in the way the-engineer bridges them; if :there are in the way'- or mbuhteittpeaks MO blbwa them up or tanndB through them; land Whpnt that work is done and all ohstacles have. been removed, the traveller may proceed jon his journey. i| then. dBtttt-TSBLfiBastia obitscles, unthinkable difficaltifSi 9®C| between mlh Ond Gl>df Ohrial, tiho Boitol God, has overoome them, and we who once were far ofT are'Jiow broughtolose. Btrt'-'iP Christ is the wayi-i ia eiuip duty to wilk thwetn, and so Christ At the wsy represents obedience of faith. Sincere eeekers are often discouraged by top. mudh meutit "anaJysi,|k They look too much within themseivea, As it faith by Borne mysterious .pcoocsa -QPnId be forced into being from within. But Christ is the sutkjrirof bttenid- salvation to ell those ; that obey Htea," and if yon look -througlthe " great chronide !' of faith in"' the' llth' OT Hebrews' y<rd" %dl notice bow faith ie in. variably oonnected with obedience. Ho, then, that would know Christ AbsU tefiy Jninat be pre pared at once to obey Hifn- ' And then Christ, as a way represents to us ths progress of faith. A traveller on the best of roads must take many a step before he completes his journey, : and faith grows stronger as it moves onwardB, until the faith of ibe mature Christian is solid and abiding, and eapable of receiving higher and yet. higher manifestations of jthas salvation wfaioh is. 1 from fal»h to faith." But out Saviour also epeake of Himself as the truth- Now, Christ, a» the truth, wpw- eo ts the materials — the auba<auce of the taith as it ware — which brings ns to God. We continually meet With men Who p«rW8t ' in bteinnihg at the wrong end of.i16, Bible. They dwell muoh bii itBihoat diffiodlt pas- sarei, its most perplexing , incidents, ite most obsonre impreesicns. They kewc material lor their unbelief, and they get it. So if yoo 10- f ited a man to dinawith ten, dant and luxurious yotir proviaiotfkM x®f d would be quite possible for Mm to ijlr® or kill himeelf.if he efete?ll» swallow the condiments instead., of tne wholesome dishes or the instruments of eating instead of the food iteelf J Bat be. faith which brings man to God. vgtRPSJg became seentical tfarongb readiogthe rjbie »h. Kingdom of .lwa,» led ,0 mtf / 5HSenS3& t<> »n» ®® M the vete wbis Of eirii#bim«®f ;f 'mih. Oar Savionr slso speate3®®"!' life. Ateioh Hiteteeulktofha ifee ®r2f|£ of faith. Jbr -4bo sfwik by>itriiteM GoAw .known is psrtbmm's PJ God's own gracious not We may - got be «bbtsdiaff«dh> dwrp? ®Jjf wesu the work nf man and the dd. This divine aid oomes t-»as »a «wfTO7 of God spread abroad 'in Holy Ghost, which is given to us. Out love of God is the instant result of tee manifestation of Hie love to us Then do we lSn 1|o know Ghtfr i2G-?d ioved is a Qadi S|S»BSSSd 2B2i7ffc5! ¥( v Sevlalsfwfclw 'Mkruswd aodteyie oertei«f ethiiam th® .Prir«ciplH,l -%at We are he ?o» wiult,s and in fihii Gbrist &tz; jjs Jesus Chri«tC9ri5?e7 f<mod ja Wing discovw hi tf5®a?CQ.t of w«iation and life sk« f5w ?J?D'nR a new> L entrafabs, bhe may sii, open «k in itA niornihg eky m that new and brighter dav th« ithe ?t,tt Rre Been 'risieg tw odiaad Jesus w|»pm ,thoja hast lesson, which I learn from my text ££? i bo wouidknow God, even rhrough Ghcistj the Way, must grOW mcre like Go1, must live with God, and live a lone as God .Himself lives. How elowty do wadearn the leesone of creation 1 WhaMgtejVs it akeu human science fco hnderstahd pommonesc phenomena of nature 1 Bnt what a mighty exercise of . the human intellect is expressed in £hese words /' tp kqow the only true -God- Bot our Saviours greatest gift to tus Is eternal life. Ho w 'remarkable are his . wordsm the verse previous te mytexe, " As bast given Him "W tnen hver- ail flesh that He should give . eternii life to as many as come to Him." And we may interprst these words by another verse in t he' "ssTne Gospel—" God so loved the world. - lisi -He give'- Etis only begotten Son, th&fc; whosoever believeth in m Shall not peri- h, bpt have .everlasting \- , hftfi a GfiGdouei glfvl Surely eternal life i? a gift wbirii; only an infinite and eternal Bei cotdd bfstow.' : Ooly a divine Christ would dare toslisak such wpndrona word?, #jiircl pDSpibly fnlftl them. But would eternal lifjjLe a oieaBing T Why , already human li e, with its years 0 few and uncertain, is_ too loog for .many. . .Not merely the sdSerers have been heard Ao cry out, like Job, " My soul ie weary of life,'' but from the pslace, too, where every earthly delight is gathered. Monarohs disgusted that a new pleasure could hot he invented for them, have orifid out in the weariocsa of vatiety just what the sufferer hr the wenne of 'sorrow has oriedj 'VGh,. that I had winga like a dove, that X might fly away and be at rest-' It is no blessing c to live . even for our appoiuted time in this wotld untesB we have SGmetbingi'wortby to live- for, and are able to live fof ilk - Aod whiid oar Saviour ae&urea; tisiof a life: as ioicaa hat-ef God Himself, eTen qvelattibg" 4ife He gives ns the no We, - inexhaustible, ever wonderful objeot with which to ocary it — to know the Only trne; Godflh:Jefein ' whom He has emit. Even ih this #prld we.B' flhd the days too, ebort, aba &elyeaira;'tb speed :too quickly away. "For iastance, life ia not too long fcr the joye<rf3terfebt friendship. The delight of a tender Jrieads hip i& a home of periect sjmpaihy te'dmutaftl service never «xh aas tsjteelf. , ,NoW; fchip'Isl oite Sof (he joys of our e7l 77SaViour,s words are mi the24fcQ versebf thiadiapter : M Father, rX-frillth|d>Ahtei.R whom thoB hast given Me 'be mth jte- whoro-Jm and agun on a former loocasks Whhn -He Maw His disciples troxtolpd at ttfeSHfuh vof Ma departnre, Ha " otefortfijhfliflm ?wlth?thiB promise, - "tin my eFntber'edioaBeAreteany mansions. If it were not ep J? Wonld hava'told you. I go to pro. pate a plaoe for you." Now the word saaB-riba bbtje dobs 4 ndt describe' a large tbte. wpiibave thei aaaaranoe «T permemence ana toetbity jphehyteit vhere the soul of man rmcst deurea. oV be psffflanent. Hrslovia aod his Ioving.ipteicoprs8(frith hi9 4e%rest friend the LoraJ0sn4-nd -wjh the frieaas of J esne, will have become the Christian dearest delight, even before he leaves this-world behind Mm. ..0 ?- .rzs. "ic .r-:vV >:: .. Then again, life never seemstoo long for the outgo of power in delightful; service and actiny." The student has been so faacihated -hyHha discoverieH of scienoa thulriiB has Jorgdfcten to eat, or dripfe or sleep, and men fhavw worn out the moes Tiobust frames in endeavonring to ovteke the new truths which ever rose before tfiern, like graces of loveliest form and jad&if; smiling and beckon ing them on waifd "ene< we are told of the future JD Christ's servants, both that they%t1vfom their labours and that they r»a n statement of ths se».i <".iW ia «xp1aiUjid by"the double life of the Saiiiitfie rests from toil and aorro v and suffering on earthy «s alBtorm- (9B8ed travelU>;rerikoin t|fi„diecomfort8 « f the sea when his ship reaches the haven But the refit from the diecomfcr te ofstbe «ea osly begins theactivitiea on the shore. Tt spirit of cdfm with the imprint of God Him- self upon it wllii probably, qonera need rest sn G3dPi£eelf does, oxqeot as rest de- scribes an-idterval bstween te® periods of vast -aotiritjisid equally vatedelbthk: , -Again !<> gotten aewtet ,tbe anrpritet Of Oveiy sew disco ver«.F All the reye|afciqns of God on Harlh to man havo bten surprises, _Nay, "the daily familiar Mbmetits _of Di me Fro vidente in thr : are .euwe. A s»kt etatteman It w always the n«expcd kbat happens. And these unexpected < ciurrsnces, white they bring us joy, are the very e-lt «f liie. Ifeis-only w hsn life 1 8- motionleea. ar d has doj pleasant surprises that tftcsafc Jias lost i?|, Svptt. . The Buite min-a. »loyV ih-i the iostrtep of -the mfiolte. anxious to be in harmony with ?r,d itear to -the Infinite Being. -muit, at every momBnt, be excited by thb rpes of new diecoveries of the upexpeoted on tfc« acAie which perp toal happen. And yet again, the feeti.1 of woteMe, pbeo jgwf, melttfwlaa meat together,' the ajfinpethV of oiflhberh .ruj the iode»oribrt>le mh's.nndof song ' bea ne away. AU oMc®i Iff TrOm ftet societies, ftewyfiderfnlmric, andJrom Impaasionsd 5S245S«S jifasagiBegaisgyp . for<e£ tof > - the . : 'Thiei. ljf« The description <4tofleiifb'.,,whohi receivef ppwef nd 1o ve? HifiP"he smely find God not au hnkn6?4bler God, a; creation, of men's hnagihationf but the only true Goa. who gent Jesus Vbtt, tbat, knowing the Son, we might T know tbs also. But not liven when : the gloridhfc? life has beeii obtained Mid sin at d the limita> ions of mortality are U past; bind gpneI;not even ttoh Bhall We for ' get that Jesus Christ is our Way, our J tiuth, andour life ; and when the new day of but eternal life begins to datyn, we shall see obde more the morning star and the iron rSsioe 1 together. ; " F&f; 'his is life eternal, ;to know Thee the only true God ana "Jesus Christ whom Thou bast sent." 