SHOCKING OCCURRENCE AT THE PRINCESS'S THEATRE. TRAGIC DEATH OF MR. FEDERICI. An astonishing and melancholy incident occurred at the Princess's Theatre on Saturday night immediately following the conclusion of the first performance of "Faust" by Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove's Opera Company. The character of Mephisto- pheles was assumed by Mr. Fred. Baker, better known by his stage name of Federici, and the strain of rehearsals which he had gone through, in addition to his usual work, for five weeks, added to the excitement in- separable from a first rendering of so heavy a part, had the effect of accelerating his death from heart disease. He has been for years a sufferer from this affliction, but his condition in no way precluded him from following his avocation, nor had it given any cause for anxiety on the part of his friends. Indeed, on Saturday night, notwithstanding the arduous study through which he had gone, he entered upon the performance in ap- parently his usual state of health. There was a very large house, and "Faust" was given with unexpected success, and Mr. Federici shared with his fellow artists the applause of the audience. Just before going on to the stage in the last act he spoke to Mr. G. Musgrave, one of the proprietors, and showed no signs of weak- ness ; but towards the conclusion of the act, Mr. Cellier, the conductor, thought he de- tected a wavering, which he ascribed to fatigue. The very last solo of the opera, ac- cording to the version now being given, is sung by Mephistopheles, and Mr. Federici was seen to brace himself up to deliver it with becoming effectiveness. Then, as is well known, Mephistopheles and Faust de- scend to lower regions by means of a trap upon which they stand. Mr. Leumane, who played the part of Faust, was not aware, whilst descending, that his com- panion was unwell, but very suddenly, whilst the trap was in motion Mr. Federici fell, and drew Mr. Leumane with him. The distance they fell was not more than two or three feet, and Mr. Leumane was able to rise to his feet unaided. Mr. Federici, how- ever, was seen to be in distress, and was at once carried to the greenroom. He was then unconscious, if not dead. Dr. Will- mott. his medical adviser, was hastily sum- moned, and declared, after an attempt to restore animation, that life was extinct. The extraordinary occurrence was, of course, un- known to the audience, which had by this time dispersed ; and it was some time even before all the members of the company be- came aware of it When Mr. Federici was waiting prepared to go on in the last act Mr. George Musgrove asked him it he had his keys, meaning those which he used in the gaol scene, which he was about to enter, and tapping his side, he said in his usual cheerful manner, "Yes, I have them." Mr. Musgrove stood at the side for a while watching the progress of the opera, and it soon became apparent to him that Mr. Federici was ailing, and labouring hard with the one object of getting through his part. Having drawn Mr. Leumane on to the trap, the two gradually disappeared, but just as their shoulders were on a level with the stage, Mr. Federici was seen to put out his hands and clutch the boards. From the stage, however, nothing more was noticed. The trap was of the style known as the Corsican trap, since it was first used in the ghost scene of the " Corsican Brothers," and it has an oblique movement downwards. The fall is very slow and even, in order to make it appear that the figure sinks straight into the stage. The standing room on the trap was about 12in. by 30in., and Mr. Federici stood, whilst Mr. Leumane knelt beside him. As they disappeared, a red limelight was thrown on them from above. Mr. Cellier, who was also an attentive observer, says that it was arranged before- hand by Mr. Federici that he should take a cue from the conductor for the recitative in the last act, but when Mr. Federici entered he stared abstractedly across the stage and did not heed the sign. He appeared for a moment to be unwell, and actually began the recitative a bar and a half behind the orchestra, though he soon made up the lost time. He evidently struggled through the remainder of the act with difficulty, and therefore Mr. Cellier was not altogether sur- prised, when passing through the orchestra door below the stage, to see him prone upon the floor, with four attendants striving to revive him from what appeared to be a fainting fit. By Mr. Cellier's in- structions the four men carried Mr. Federici to the greenroom, and laid him on a mattress and pillows. Mr. Musgrove and Mrs. Baker, who is also of the company, and plays under the name of Miss L. Monmouth, at once hastened to his side, and a messenger was sent for Dr. Willmott. Mr. Leumane, who sustained the part of Faust, says that Mr. Federici was in his usual good spirits during the earlier part of the opera, and had appeared to be well pleased with the result of his efforts up to the termination of the fourth act. When the finale had been sung, and Mr. Federici had uttered the last words "It might be," the trap descended, and a hidden choir sang a celestial chorus during the apotheosis of Marguerite. Mr. Leumane was kneeling, and Mr. Federici held him by the shoulder. The first move of the trap caused Mr. Federici to sway sideways on to Mr. Leu- mane, and then, as he adapted the motion of his body to that of the trap, the slight pressure on Mr. Leumane's shoulder ceased. Almost imperceptibly Mr. Federici relaxed his grasp of Mr. Leumane and fell for- ward, and Mr. Leumane believes that by the oscillation of the board caused by Mr. Federici's movement, be also lost his balance, and both fell together to the floor. The cellar was in darkness for stage effect, but lights were soon brought to the scene. Dr. Willmott, on his arrival, saw at once the seriousness of Mr. Federici's condition, and having detected a slight beating of his heart, applied restoratives, principally the galvanic battery, at first mildly and then with increasing force, and whilst these were in progress the patient died. The body re- mained at the Princess's Theatre until yester- day afternoon, when it was conveyed to the deceased's late residence, in Gipps-street, East Melbourne, from whence the funeral will start for the Melbourne Cemetery at 2 p.m. to-day. Dr. Willmott had been attend- ing Mr. Federici almost since his arrival in this colony for affection of the heart, and pre- scribed for him nitro-glycerine pills, which is the most potent treatment for that ailment. Mr. Federici was so conscious of the pre- carious state of his health that he had a small pocket made in each of his costumes, in which he carried a number of the pills. His condition does not appear to have been gene- rally known, but Dr. Willmott avers that he went to the theatre liable any night to such sudden death. Dr. Willmott certified that death was the result of heart disease, thus obviating the necessity of an inquest. The deceased gentleman was a native of England, and was 38 years of age, and leaves two children. His first appearance as a singer was on the concert platform in Lon- don, where the rich quality of his voice gained him distinction, and he was fre- quently engaged to sing at parties, and receptions, and private concerts. He made his debut on the operatic stage about the time of the first performance of Gilbert and Sullivan's works, in which he has since appeared very satisfactorily. He travelled with a company with which Mr. Cellier was connected through the provinces of England, and whilst at Liverpool was sent at a day's notice to play in America. His season in the United States was very gratify ing, and he was the original representa- tive of "The Mikado" and of Colonel Calverly in "Patience," in that country. He travelled through Germany on his return, with even greater success, and again crossed the Atlantic to play in "Ruggygore," which was not so well received as was its prede- cessors. He was so engaged when Mr. George Musgrove was in England in search of new artists. Mr. Musgrove telegraphed for him, and Mr. Federici returned to England immediately, and started within a week for Australia. The complaint from which he suffered had become more pro- nounced in later years, and had so affected his voice that many persons who heard him sing recently could hardly believe that he was the same man whom they remem- bered when he was at his best in this respect. Since his arrival in the colonies Mr. Federici has been under engagement to Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Musgrove, and has portrayed the following characters: \- Florion, in "Princess Ida;" Harry Sher- wood and Squire Bantam, in "Dorothy;" the title role in "The Mikado;" the Pirate King, in the "Pirates of Penzance ;" Dick Deadeye, in "H.M.S. Pinafore;" the Marquis de Pont vert, in "Erminie;" Colonel Calverly, in "Patience;" and Strephon, in "Iolanthe." FATALITIES IN CONNECTION WITH THE STAGE The tragic event at the Princess's Theatre recalls to recollection many fatal events of a like sudden and shocking character which have occurred upon the stage. Perhaps they were more frequent in the early times, when dramatic performances were of an exclusively religious character than in more recent days. In a passion play at Metz, where the cruci- fixion was represented, the part of the Saviour was sustained by Mgr. Nicolle, curé of St Victor, who narrowly escaped death upon the cross ; while another priest, Jean de Nicey, chaplain of Mètrange, who enacted Judas, hanged himself so effectually that for some time his life was despaired of. When the "Mystery of the Passion " was exhibited before John II. of Sweden, the man who played the part of the centurion was so carried away by the reality of the scene that he drove his spear right into the body of the represen- tative of the Redeemer, who fell dead upon the spot, crushing the person repre- senting the Virgin Mary, who waa kneeling at the foot of the cross. The King, infuriated by the spectacle, rushed upon the centurion and slew him with the sword, but the populace, siding with the victim of the Royal anger, fell upon the King and killed him. When Gaubier de Banhault was French ambassador in Spain he attended the per- formance of a piece in which the battle of Pana was represented, and seeing a Spaniard overthrowing a Frenchman, he leaped upon the stage and ran the actor who impersonated the former through the body. In Paris, Mon dory, the manager of the Théâtre du Marais, threw himself so earnestly into the character of Herod, in a play called "Marianne " that he was seized with a fit of apoplexy, and was partially paralysed during the rest of his life. A little later, in the reign of Louis XIV., a famous harlequin named Dominique was mimicking the court dancing master on the stage before the King, and seeing how heartily his mimicry was enjoyed by that monarch, was stimulated to such efforts that he broke a blood vessel in the lungs, and died eight days afterwards. Joseph Bé- jurt, a member of Molière's company, to whom he was related by mar- riage, was seized with the pains of death while playing a part in "L'Etourdi," and went home to die. Molière himself was struck down during a performance of "La Malade Imaginaire," in which his character was that of the imaginary invalid, and nearly his last words were "Don't be alarmed ; I am not dead !" He broke a blood vessel, and only lingered a few days afterwards. Baron, one of the greatest actors of his time in France, appeared for the last time upon the boards on the 3rd of September, 1729. He was then 76. The character he enacted was that of Ladíalas, and when he came to the words, "So near to the tomb into which I am about to descend," he swooned away, and was carried from the stage, another actor having to finish the performance. Baron died soon afterwards. Lekarn, another illus- trious ornament of the French theatre received his fatal seizure during the represen- tation of " Vendôme," on the 24th of January, 1778, and passed away a few days later. Madame Champmelé brought on a fatal illness by the intense energy she infused into her last performance of one of the leading characters in "Oreste et Pylade." Samuel Foote, wit, mimic, dramatist, and actor, was seized with paralysis while playing in his own "Maid of Bath,' and did not long survive. An actor named Bond actually died upon the stage. He was sustaining this character of Insignan in a translation of "Laire," when he sank fainting into a chair. Pre- sently one ot the other actors whispered his cue into his ear, and was horror- stricken to find he was speaking to a corpse. " Gentle- man" Palmer, who had been recently be- reaved of a wile and son, to both of whom he was tenderly attached, was playing the part of the Stranger in the play of that name, and had answered to Baron Steinford's a ques- tion respecting his wife, "I love her still," when, in reply to a query concerning his children, the actor faltered forth, "I left them at a small town hard by," and fell dead at the feet of his interlocutor. In Belton's Random Recollections of an Old Actor is recorded a melancholy incident in the life of Mr. Sims Reeves, the famous English tenor, which may fitly form a pendant to the foregoing. He was playing the squire in the pantomime of "Old Mother Goose," and at the very moment when he was walking off the stage singing "My wife's dead ; there let her lie ; She's at rest, and so am I," a man tapped him hastily on the shoulder and whispered, " You must come home directly ; Mrs Reeves is dead." He hurried home and found it too late. And so the real tragedy of everyday life interweaves itself with the gloom and gaiety of the mimic world upon the stage. 