The Invisible Tailor and fe Tailoress. BY AS OLD COXTMBUTOB. From the window of the little tailoress ono could see the windows of Colonel Fontaine's great liousc. As she trimmed her kerosene lnmp and its yellow flame grew brighter, the white, glittering gaslight (lashed up with in every room or tne Hue mansion. Two littlo geranium pots where upon her window sill. All over Colonel Fontaine's houso wero hot-house flowers in baskets and vases, and blooming on their parent stems in the con servatory. . Two Btrips of rag carpet, and four painted cbalrB, and aneight-day clock, and a picture of the Infant Jesus, and two green plaster of Paris parrots— these . and a table, and soma ware on the closct shelves, wero all tho pro perty, real and personal, of tho littlo tailor ess. Ono chair in Colonel Fontaine's house was worth all her possessions. Every sort of fine upholstery, articles of virtu, carpets that cost incredible sumB, pictures by the old masters and the new ones that were fash ionable, everything that can bo crammed in to a house to make it sumptuous, you found in Colonel Fontaine's. It itns enough to make a little woman en vious. Tho tailoress turned down her light, and laid aside her work — it was in no terrible hurry — and went and Bat by her windows, looked'over towards this fine house, where they toiled not, neither did tbey Bpin, wish ing, as many a hard-working woman has wished before, that her lot had been cast in such paths. As she sat gazing and envying, thero en tered the room another person. It wa3 the little tailor, husband to tho littlo tailoress. Ho also came and sat in the window. ' There are to bo fine do ine 3 there at Fon taine's,' ho said. ' X have just been talking to black Sam, the waiter. IIo waits there to'night. Two hundred pound does not Bpread the table. Think of that 1 ' Ah ! it's fine to bo some folks,' said the tailoress. . ' . ''Yes, indeed,' said the tailor. 'Yes, yes, Dolly. Yes, yes !' Then they looked out ngain in silence. Tho silver stars were out in the sky and a little crescent moon ; ' the frost glittered on the branches of the trees along tho streets and on tho window panes; but the lace curtains only half hid the splendor within that lighted mansion. The musicians wero coming — a whole band of them. They jabbered in German os they filed up the steps. They had their in struments in green baze bags and in long black boxes, ' It's plain there is to be dancing,' said tbe little tailor. Ah.l poor folks don't get much timo to dance,' said tho tailoress. She folded her arms and looked a little cro3s as sho said this. Her husband also' looked very moody. They had better have dropped thoir curtain and gone to thoir stitching ; all that splendor was making them horribly discontented. ' Only two of 'em,' said tho tailor. ' Thoy haven't a child,' ' Rich men for luck, and poor men for children,' said tho tailoress. ' Now we've got three.' 'There's tho carriago company,' said the tailor. The carriages were rolling up. Shadowy ngtircs tnppea trom tncin, and hurried up the steps. As .the door opened, tho glisten ing of silk nnd the flash of jewels could be seen. . ' Ah !'? said the tailoress, ' and my best dress is only alpaca.' Swallcr tails, no doubt— all of 'em,' said tho tailor. ' Oh, dear !' - ' Don't I wish I was herl' said the tailoress. 'Don't I wish I was himl' said tho tailor. 'Now if only we could changc with 'cm,' said tbe tailoress, ' I'd take tho chances,' said the tailor, ' So would thoy,' Baid a voice behind them. The tnilornnd tailoress turned their heads, A little woman in a black cloak and a red night-cap stood behind them — a very littlo woinafi, hardly larger than a child. Sho held in her baud a broom, and her whito elf locks tumbled all about her facc. Her eyes wore black, and bright as tho frosty Btars that were glittering in the sky. ' You are surprised tosco mc, I presume, ' said the old woman, ' Woll,' said tbo tailor, ' not to bo uncivil, wo are, Folks usually knocks.' ' I neverdo tbut,' said the old woman, ' I come through tho key-holo.' . 'Joking I presume, mum,' said the tailor. 'No,' said tho old woman, 'I'm a witch.' Tho tailoress got behind the tailor as speedily as possible. - '?I'm a very amiable one, unless I'm vexed,' said tho old woman. 'It does vex me to see people scared, I'm sure I'm not an alarming object.' ' I'm not a bit frightened,' said the tailor ess ; 'only witchifs isn't usual.' 'Oh,' I don't mind you,' snid the witch. ' You are nothing bnt a fool. Hero you aro as comfortable as need be, coal in your cellar, food in your closet, three rosy children abed in thero — you might give them more air, it is true— plenty of work, nnd all you need, nnd you Bit and fret becauso you haven't all the finery, in tliat house. Why, riches don't mako people happy by themselves, never did, and never will.' 'You're apparently an : older lady than what I am,' paid'thc tailoress, ' and you bad oughter know best, being a witch. But I'd liko to know how a person that wears Bilks ahd velvety evory day, and has never fetched tho water to wash her own hands, and goes out a riding behind her- own horse, and is complimented and admired tho whole of ber life, can help being happier than a (poor little soul that stitched and stitched; since beforo ever she wa& grown up ; that nover rodo in anything better than the street cars; that counts every Bhilling beforo sho spends It ; has had threo children, Lord help lior I and bas a black alpaca and a bit of gilt breast-pin for Sundays, and makc'B her things last year in and year out. ' And not to contradict a lady and a witch,' ?aid the tailor, ' how is a man that works at a toiling, moiling trad6, and half the timo nri't.paidat that, and has a wife ahd three children] to feed and clothoand shoe— grum- bling over what ho gives her at that— to be contented and as happy aB a fellow that just writes his name to a ohequc when he wants monoy, and drinks champagno and them things?', , ' A morooontonted croetur man never had for a wifo,' cried tho tailor's wife, bursting into tcars-afrcsh. '!I never— ' ' Hold Jyonr tongue,' gsaid tho witch. ' Come, I'U give you n cbanco to seo if theso pooplo aro really happier. You shall go over into that house nnd tako a peep at its mys tories, If you like. I'vo only to wavo my broom and you willbecomo invisible. You'll 'see things no ono else sees, hear' things no ono else hears, and, If you wish to do so, you shall afterwards changc placcs with thou. Yon shall bo. Mr. Fontaine, you shall bo Mrs. Fontaine, always providing you desire io do I so.', . '?? 'My eyes !' cried the tailor. 'Woll, Dolly?' 'It won't hurt to bo invisible, eh 1'. cried the till lores;, . ' . - ' . 'It's bit liko taking chloroform, I sup. pose,' saul the tailor, 'AurMdl' Rstedtbe wiUb, 'Yes,' said tbo tailor. The witch waved ber boom, ' I feel ns if I was going off,' said tbo tailoress; ? ' Mo, too,' said the tailor. In a moment more tho pair felt as light as a couplo of feathers or two bits of thistle down. They were tlonting about in the air, and felt sure that no ono could seo : thorn. Thoy tried to grasp each other's hands, bnt thore was no aubstance to hold. They tried to speak, but they had no voices. Still, in some subtle and incomprehensible way, they commuciatcd their thoughts to cach other, without tho aid of Bpcech. They wero in tho lady's chamber. She sat all alone thero. Her black velvet robe swept ovor tbo floor. Diamonds glittered on her bosom and in her ears ; on. her rounded arms also. Sho was a burnetto of tho volup tuous stylo of beauty, her red lips, herspark ling eyes, her wonderfully perfect nose, her littlo ears, like tiny car-shells, woro beyond description. She bent over a desk ; within it lay a pictnrc— the portrait of a fair man in a uniform. She talkedjto it in whispers. ' Year after year, day after day, hour after hour,' sho whispered, ' and I cannot forget. Your blood is upon my hands, Jerome. Slfy heart is haunted by your ghost, ? May God forgive us both.' There was a sound without— a step at tho door. ' Are yon ready, madam ?' said a voico. It was that of Colonel Fontaine, Tho lady arose. ' One moment,' Bbo said, ' Ab, if you would but leave mo in peace— if you would but let me hide myself away somewhere 1' ' Again ?' he said, ' Come here, madam. I am waiting for you.' He did not evon set his foot across tho threshold of tbo lady's door, ond she obeyed him, and passed out into tho wide hall. The invisible tailor and tailoress flitted out with her. They had just as much curi osity ns they had in the flesh. Besides, what did they como for but to listen ? 'Do yon supposo I enjoy these scenes?' said Colonel Fontaine. ' You seem to,' she answered. 'You seem to, also,' said the colonel, 'It is all seeming with us. Tbey call us an affectionate couple, I presume. They do not know how, siuco I found his letters aud his picture, wo have hated each other.' '1 go not hate you, Ifcnry,' said the lady. 'I -lo bate you, 'said the colonel. 'There is no hideous creature begging in the streets that I loathe as I do your beautiful porson— I who loved you so I' ' Ah,' my God 1' moaned the woman. ' Why torture me so ?' 'I only do it whon you rebel,' said the colonel. 'Am I not tortured — n lonely, childless man, with a weight of secret shame uponmyaonl? Yon doomed me to this life, and you shall expiate the crimc. You shall appear before tho world as Colonel Fontaine's wife should. For ten years we have played the farce. We shall play it to the last. I quarrelled with bim about a game of cards, not about j'ou. I. slapped him in tho-face. and he challenged mo. But ho know — ho knew why ho died, I saw it in hiB face as I sent the bullet to bis heart.' ' Ah ; have mercy 1' moaned the woman again. ' I have had mercy,' said the man. 'You live. I killed tho more innocent of tho two. You have your own apartments, I have mine; v/e 'only play our little role of Darby and Joan before tho world. It Is not much punish ment for your crime, and it keeps my name from public Bhame, Aro you ruady, madam','.' She bowed. They went down the stairs together; they wero saluted by their guest ; they saluted them. The dancb went on ; tho music Bwept into dreamy waltzes; the feast was eaten, the wine flowed; but the two invisible gncsts|5aw what no one could see with bodily oyes. Whilo the lady smiled and talked, while she danced, white she sang, one form Btill moved before her eyes— a phantom, pale and fiery— a beautiful young man in captain's uniform, with a deep wound in his breast. Its eyes looked toward her, and seemed to say — 'Murderess!' And the master of the house— what he saw was this : a life that bad no meaning, a trampled love, a shattered faith, a broken heart, Hia own. ' Want to change with thorn I' asked tho woman in tho red cap and black cloak. 'Can, if you choose.' 'For tho dear Lord's sake, take us.home,' cried the tailoress. There they were opposite each other in tho two chair.' The lights Btill gleamed from the windows of the house over the way, and carriages were rolling from the door. ' It's salrl f.lin fftilnr. 'It's awfully queer,' said tho tailoress. 'I suppose it's all a dream,' said the tailor. ' Ves, darling,' said the tailoress., ' Blessed littlo Dolly,' said the tailor. ? ' I wouldn't bo her for n kingdom,' said Dolly. . ' I wouldn't bo him for a world|' said the tailor, ' And how nice it is,' said the tailoress, 'to look into the hall bedroom and see 'era so comfortable — baby between us, niid Sally and Kitty in tbe trundle-bed.' ' Yes, Dolly,' said the tailor. : 'It don't tako a witch to tell us that riches by them selves don't'make happiness. It's better to bo holiest nnd pure and ashamed of nothing, than to roll in gold with a wicked secret on hp mind. . ' ' ' . ' We'll pray for those poor rich' people to night, Dolly.' 'Amen,' Baid tho tailoress. 