THE EGYPT EXPLORATION FUND. M. NAVILLK'S DISCOVERIES AT JBUBA8TI8. (tub times.) ' Tho excavation of the Great Temple ol Bubastia (the mine of which, it will be remem bered.werodiscoveredlastyearbyM.Naviloi) was resumed eome five or six weeks ago, and is now in foil progress. Former operations oonduoted bv the Eevnt Exploration Fund have for tho most part beeu oarried on In piaoeB remoto from tbo boaten track ; but M, Naviiio, by marching hie little army of diggers to Tell Basta, has brought his work not only within an eaey distance of Csiro, but within a few minutes' walk of Zagaztg, tho moetlng- plaoo of a nol- work of railway llnoe, and the head- quarters of the Egyptian cotton trade. Zignzlg station may be deBoribed as tho Ma' nos of the Eaetorn Delta— the bonrne for wbioh evory travollor, wbotber his destination bo Damiotta, Mansorab, Salahlyeb, Suez, or Port Said, is ineviiabiy bouni As all trains stop here, and as there is generally a dreary hiatns of a oonple of honrs between the arrival of tho incoming train and tho do- Eartnro of the next, it may readily o imaglnod with what oagerneaa the tourlata of tho prosont season are jest non- thronging to too scene of M, Navilie's labours. The work of tho Egypt Explora tion Fund has, in short, booome a popular institution ; and instoad of living like anoboritoB in desert solitudes where the impross of a patent leather boot npon the sands was as startling a novelty as Ibe famous foot-print on the ohore of Robinson Ornsoe'a island, the explorers are now ohoerod by the dally visits of nnmorous travellers of ail ranks and nationali ties. The soone is onrionaly ploturesquo, Here, grouped together on the vorge of tho great Oometory of Saored Cats aro tho tents of the offloore of the Fund ; yonder, swarming like beos at the bottom of tho hnge orater-like deprfleaion wbioh marks tho area of the temple, are aeon 300 to 400 labonrera — diggers in the trenohes and pits, basket-oarriera clearing away tin soil a. it is tbrown oue, overseers to keep tuo diggers at work, "pathway-men" to kocp the pathe open and the oarriere moving, lanugo bi uianujf guajfnim, ui uavivu porters, harncesed together by Btout ropes, and hauling or turning sculp tured blooks which have not soon tho light for many contnrloa ; girl- with bowls of water and sponges, to wipo down tho oarved surfaoea preparatory to the prooesa of taking paper " squeezes and small boys to run on orrsndB, holp with th. measuring tapes, and kocp guard ovor tbo tents and baggego. With eo many haudB at work and so many ovorseors to koop them going, it is not wonderful tbat tho oxcava \- ions make rapid progrose. Tho two large pits which wore opened last soason are now thrown into ono, and aro being onlarged from oast to wost, following the axis of tho atruo- tnre. Tho eidos aro also being cleared, and beforo anothor montli shall havo expired the whole templo — of whloh, apparently, not ono atone remains upon another— will be vislblo from end to ond. Its ontiro length is probably nbnut 700it. or 800ft. ; bat measurements, of course, are as yet purely, conjectural. Wo may romlnd our roadera that tho pits sank last season disolosed the site of a grand hypoatyle ball, etrown with fallen mono- lithio columns of tho twolfth dynasty workmanship, and a hall without columns, but lined as it Bhould seem with oiaborate bas-rolief sonlntures renrescnt. lug a great religious ooremony, and eontaihlug tens of thousands of nrlnutely- executed hioroglypnio : Inao'iptiuns. Tho columns of architraves ol hypoatylo- ball, though of an earlier poriod, are emblazoned with tbo ovals of Ramoaes II. The inscrip tions of the festival hall commemorate Osotkon II , of tho twentysuoond dyna-ty, and his Qoeo . Karoama. Besides tho two historic »t ' landmarks thns determined, Various blnoks boa ring tho names of Usorteson III. and Fepi Uorira, tustiGcd to tho exlstonoo of the edifioe not only in tho days of tho first great Theban Empire, but in the very remoto age of tbo I'yramid Kinge of thu Gth dynasty. At the aame tlmo, a email tentative oxoavation at tho western oxtremity nf the site yielded tbo namo and titles of Neotanebn I , of the 30 >h and last nativo dyna ty. Suoh being the outonmo of but four weeks' labour at the oloso of tho season lb 1887, it seemed reaoonablu to hopo for Important reaulta when tho exoavations should be resumed , This hopo Is being more than fulfilled ; and evory week — it might almost bo said every day— yields eome new and valuable link in the ohaln of historic avidenoo. , A third bail, dating from tho roign of Osorkon I., has now been found belweo tho hypoatyle hall of Barneses II, and the festival hall of Osorkon II. The roof was supported by two lar,e oolumna with palm o.ptata, and the walls were Boalpturod with lias-reliefs on a largo eoalo, representing Osorkon I. In the aot of worebipping Brat an i otnor deities oi too olty. bisstward — that is to say, at the. end by which the templo was ontored — two | arallol trenohes havo rcvoa ed the site of a colonnade ; and horo the base of a statno of N'otanob I, has been foncd ; thus sbowiDg that hp made additions o both extremities of the structure. The western end, now in oaursu of exoavnfion,- appears to bo of great width ; hut lie length la as yet not ascertained. That It contains the sanolnary may be taken for granted, »nd the aanotnsry ia probably the work of Nootanebo. Unlike m»st Hgypiso temples, the great femplo of Bast doss not appear to have been proteoted by ono of these m-asivo orndn brick walls which rendered tho temples of Karnak and Tunis as impregnable as fortresses. Heron dolus express y states tbat it wa- Bur rounded by a " low Wall having figures engraved npon it and this low wall, like the splendid .orcon running round tbo great temple of Edfno, was evtden ly of s'ono rculp'ured In bas-relief Liko the rest of the building, it mnet have beou of red granite, and we may hope ibat eome portions of it may yet bo discovered. The BnbaBtitss, at all event, seem to have been too proud of <helr famous tempts to mark Its bcautloe by a oironit of unsightly ramparts. So mooh for tho progress made in exoava- uug 'lo ui' jeota uiemura oi too ouiiaiDg ; tho " finds," however, aro yet more note worthy. That Bubastie was tbo site of an' im portant Hyksoe settlement is What no odo eusprelrd ; but It ie a faot oonolosively eetablisbrd by the work of tho present s- nron. Two bisob iranlto statnos (one un- fnr'unatoly ho.dleee) of tbe unmistakenbto Hyksoe lypo, the lower half of a seated etoiue of an unknown king, also of Hyksos work, and a fl o red granite arobitravo ens graved with th- oartnuohe of Apepi, (ho > ost famtus of tbe Hyksos rulers, have been dlronvered ail t oar together wlihinthn last th'io weeks. Tho firet ionnd of tbe b aok granite pair Is bus described In one of tho weekly reports despalahrd to tho oom- miftpH of the Egypt Exploration Fund by M. Nnvllle:— j " In digging to tho southward of the Hall of O'orkon I , wo found first tho headdress- of a oolO'tal statue in blaok granite, the head broken jos nl tbo level of ho eyes, end presently tbe lower part of tbe fare Tbe leu oheek and tbe beard are damaged, but the right sido Is perfeot, and tbe two balvee fit eaoh other exactly. The type of tbe faoe Is Hyksos ; -.ho awoken obeeks ana tho projecting mouth being exaotly like those of the Tsnis sphinxes. Tbe headdress la.tho ' noma,' with tho nrajua. The base and feet of this statuo aro still lying at the bottom ol a deep pool, whence thoy will have to be banlud out when the water has some, what subsided, A statue of a Hykoa King wearing the insignia of Egyptian Royelty ie certainly unique." Tho companion statuo (headless) was found on y 'on days ago. also in a pool oi water, (borkon II. has engraved hie ovale on the sido of tho throne on wbiuh tbe statue site, and has erased those of Rameaes II. wbiuh that Pharoah had cat npon tbo front, besido tho right leg of tho statuo. having himself erased tbe names of the original owner, whomsoever ho may havo been. As tbeao statues wore found near tbe architrave of Apepi, it is pr bable enough that they are portraits of that king. Thu other Hyksos statue, broken oil at the waist, is yet more remarkable. Mr Navillo writes, under date 18:h Maroh : — "Our most important discovery up to the present lime was made yesterday morning I had noticed on Friday the corner of a block of polished blaok granite which I thought might belong to some good monument, and I bad it unearthed yesterday. It proved to be the lowor half of a life size figare of vory beautiful workmanship, with two oolurans of finely-out hoiroglyphe engraved down eaoh Bide oi tbo front of tho throne to right and left of the legs o! the statuo. Those inscriptions give the namo and titles of an absolutely unknown Kiog, who, judging from tho work, most beloDg to the Hyksos period, or, at all ev nts. to ono of thu nbsoure dvnasliee tire aiding the Hykeos invasion. I forward a oopy of tho inscriptions. Ono oartouobe contains a sign which is quite now to me, and whiob I thoroloro oannot deolphor. The olhor roade ' Ian Ra' or ' Ra-iao' — » name unliko any I have ever seen. Ho is de scribed, most straogely.as the worshipper ol his Ka (ie., his ghost or double). . . . Sinoe writing the above, I havo been over to Bonlak, and bavo shown my oory of tho ioBoriptions to Ahmed Kemal- od Deen EfTaodi, the Mahomedan official attaohed to tho museum. He was deeply into, eetod, and said at once, ' That is the Pharaoh of Joeph. All our Arab bookB call him Reiyan, tbo son of El Welid.' He then wrote tho namo for mo in Arabio, wh-ch I enoloeo herewith. For my own part I know nothing oi Arab literature or Arab tradition. I Bhould not, howovor, bo dis posed to attach much weight to this carious aoiuoidonco. Still, it is onrlons, and certainly interesting." Snoh is M, Navilie's account of thl rcmarkablo statuo, whiob is now drawing orowds of visitors to 'foil Basta, and has just been photographed by Emit Brugsoh Boy, loader of the Boulak Museum, and an aooompltshed photographer. The photo graph gives a front view of the inscribed throno with tbe iocs aod feet of tbe etatno. It also Bhowa tho left thigh, foreshortened and clad in tho strlpod ' slisnti," or folded kilt The mutilatod Augers of the left baud are seen roB iug on the left knoo. The modelling of the knees und leg is admir able, and tho hioroglyphs are brilliantly oat, tbo king, in addition to his oartonohes, osing styica ins uo a uoa," ana tbu " Son ol Ra," The name, as pointed out by M. Navillo, may bo road with thn syllable "Ka" as eithor a prefix or a Buffix— as, fur iuetanoe, Rwmeri and Raenusur may with equal pro priety be rondered as Murira and Unerenra, Whether wo tako it as " Ian-Ra " or " Ra- ian," tbo name of this new King has a atrango, barbaric aspect, and looka like an attempt at writing a foreign namo in Egyutan characters That it exaotly transliterates the " Er-Roiy.-ia " ol Arab tradi ion oannot bo denied ; but it must bo rcmomberod . that Oriental tradition is noturionsiy untrustworthy, and . that the Arab . namo g von to Joseph's Pnaroah is evidently an appcrlativo, being procodod, liko that of b'ie father, by tho article. Arab writers of Egyptian history are, in fact, much upon a par' with the authors of tho A tburian cycle and tho. tales of tho Paladins of Charlo ' mague. Cradled in «h atmosphere ol sopor- stiticn, thoy beheld nil things through a mi- ago of romanoe. They rogardod the monumonls of. aneiont Egypt as works of mtglc, Bod tho Pharoabs who built them as mighty sorcerers ; and ii hero and there a thread of genuine local tradition bo interwoven with til o fabulous tissue of their nnrr.-itlvi.n- thn whole is bo clearly unblstorloal that We must despair of ovor definitely separating the truo from tho falso, Joseph is the beloved horo of a multitado of Arab legends, and whero tho Biblioal narrative of his 'Ife fails toaupuly any apcoial dotail, suoh as a proper namo, that detail is unhesitatingly drawn from _ purely Arab aouroce. Thus Potiphnr's wife becomes Znloika, and ho anony'mous Pharaoh is introduced as an Amalekile Prinoo named Er Reiyan, tho ion of El Welld, That Ihe stranger hordes wbioh Invaded Egypt under tbo leadership of tbo Hyksos may havo inoluded n Amaloklto oontlfigent Is not impossible! ; for tho Amalokitci of old wero a mighty nation, and thoir territory bordered upon Egypt. But it wo turn to tho pages of El Makrizl— a sober wri or, wortiiy of all oredit when dealing with the topography of Cairo and each other Subjects nB o.nrio - itbin his ku wledgo and observa tion — ws at onoe boo how little a fairly trustworthy Arab may be trusted when his only sources of information are t1 a legonda transmitted by Mb own conntrymen. Having ralatod how the Amrlekites, led by Welid, son of Dumi", invaded Egypt, then rnled by " Aymon of tfons." sod slow the Egyptians " with an exceeding groat slaughter." ho goes on t-, say that the followors of Wolirl ohoao him to roign over thorn, and th.t hie. rule lasted for 100 years. "And he went forth to attain the snnrcos of tho Nllo, and he beheld the Mountains of the Minn, and ho wsb utnont lor forty years." Ho then returned to Egypt, and again . subdued Pharoah Ayiuun. who Bgain opposed him." And Pharaoh Aymcn fled, and Welid reduoed the people of Egypt to slavery, and ruled over them for 120 years till he pi-rieMid . . . A d hi. son Er Rolvan, tho eon of El Welid, tho son of Dumi, one of tho Anialokite-i reigned ; aod ho was odo of the most poworfol of the people of tbe earth in his time, aod the greatest Kins Now the Amalekitea wero descended from Am'ik, son of Land (Lud). eon of S-tm (9hem), «oo of Naa (Nt ah); and Er Reiyan was the I baraoh of Joseph, on whom bo peaoe. , And it is said tha- the Par-oh of Joseph rves tho grandfather of the Pharaoh of Mooes, his father's father, and his name wa- Barkho ; and be was lofty of stature and heiiu'lfnl of oountrnanao. And after him reigned Ms eon Dirtarnsh, and he is alsn oallrd Darim, son of Er Rsiyan, and bo was the fourth Pharaoh, nnd Yusui (Joieph) woe Iris Khalifa." Brief as this extract is, it soffioes to show the fanciful character, the glaring contra diotinns, and the utter valuelessneas of Egyptian history when written with the rood pen of tho Arab ohroniolor. The invasion of tho Amaiekitns— based perhaps on some vague memory of me uyksns conquost- -vanishes into tbe region «f fable, and the vio orious prlnoes whoBo family Iroo begins with Noah, take their placo among the shadowy heroes of the Thousand and One Nights That tho !"",e'3„'",d courteous Ahmod Kemal-ed- Deen Bffondi (who Is, be It observid, the only Oriental Egyptologist in tho world, and o good hieroglypMo eohoiar), Bhould have recognised tho Muslim name of R-lyan in that of tho unknown Hyksos k ng re a ploturesquo inoldent whioh at onco appeals to our imagination, but thede duetion is one wbioh Ear po-n eohoinrs are bound to receive witu extreme re-ervo. In the meanwhile it must be conoodod tbat the letter- for-lettcr identi'y ol tbe 'wo Demos ie, o say the least of it, very ex'raordinnry Wo must not, however, forg- 1 that " Rvisn" may with equal correctness be read " fan-Ra," and " Ian- Ra " la anriousl? like tbe name of the Hyksos "Iannas" or " Janlas," who, iu a long quota- tion wh-oh profossrs to be givon ver batim from Msnetho by Josophus (answor loApl n, Book I;, eeo'ion 14), ie said to have reignod for fifty years and ono month, ana to have been tbe suooossor ot Apopbb and the predecessor of Assiis. It wooid be unreasonable to doubt thatlannaa is as truly an hletoricol personage as Apepi, and itis aa least possible that Tannss and Iao-Ra may ba one and tbo some- That Joseph served a Hyksos king has long been accepted by tho majority of Egyptologists as a very probabio hypothoels, both ohronologioally and from tbo internal evldonce oi tho Biblioal narrative, ST".! Other diso ivories, aooroely less interesting, have rewarded tho laboara of tho fortunate explorers. Iho faot that the 18th Egyptian dynasty — tho famous dyDaBty of the Thothmos and Amonhoteji Kings — should havo loft no 'races of their powor in the great cities of the Delta, haa long been a puzzling problom. Within tho last three weeks, however, two llfo-slzo statues of a roribe of that poriod havo been found Though otherwise porleot they aro unluokily neadlOBS. Tho figures sit cross-legged, eaoh ho ding a half-unrolled papyrus roro'- upon his lap, his nams and titlos being engraven on the scroll. From thoee inecrip tious ws learn that his name was Amenho- top, and that ho was styled " the Prince, the great friend who loves his Lord, th" Ohiof of the Works of his King and of tho ProvinoeB. and of tho Marshlands of the North," He wears a loose garment aoourod by braces, and on 'he broooh-bko ornament wbioh oonnoets the bracos, aB well as upon his right shoulder, is engraven the oar touobe of Amenhotop III. Kbuenaten, tho diso worshipping Pharoah, who succeeded Amenhotop III , and fonnded tbo oity of Toll-ol-AmBrna, ia a!so repre sented by a eonlptured fragment containing tho saored oval of Aton-Ra, the deity of the ilian Thp.n nbienis are of crest historical moment, inasmuch as tbey show (1) that the templo of Bast, aftor being onrlohod by tbe Hykeos Kings, and beforo being rebuilt by Ramenis II , was yet floorivbing in the tlmo of the Restoration ; ond (2) that the disc-worship promnlgated by Khuonaten ex'onded to tho Delta. Till now it has been traoed no farther northward than Memphis, Among other valuablo finds bearing upon tbo hlatorioal continuity ol tho temple may bo mentioned a ooloesal hoad and torso in red granite, insorlbod with the ovals of Rameaes II. (19ih dynaBty), and a bhok granite statue ot this King, ot horoic size, th- strlpod hcad-drcBS coloured alternately amber and bluo, tho hands resting on the knees, and bearing thB followlnf inscription — " As long as the work shall last, thy monumonts will pros per, O, King RameaeB." This fine etatuo is broken in two, but is other wise uninjured. There have also been fomd (1) a head and torso of a staodlog king in red granite, probably RameseB YI (20th dynasty) ; (2) a small basalt statno of Salts priest booing the oartonohes of Aprles, ihe Biblioal Hopbra (26th dynasty) ; (3) a beaotifnl fragment of a statuo of Neotanoho I. (30th dynasty) ; (4) two Greok insoriptions on blaek granite dndi- oated to Ptolemy Y. and Qneen Clropatra I., by o>0 Apolionius, son ot Fheon, who styles himself ''one oi the King's friunds j " thus oarrying on tho bis ory of tho tomplo to tho seoond oontnry no. A very important insotiplion on u block botanizing to the feetiva' hall hsa also turned' up, giving tho date ol tbe featival, which, strauguly onough, proves to have been held in honour of the Theban god Amen, In thu twenty-eeaond year of the reign of Osorkon II , on "tho firet day ot the last month of Sha," the Boaeon of Inun dation, M. Navillo writos : — " Bat what ib moat extraordinary is the vet number of ooloesal statues which must havo crowded tDo temple before tbe fostival hall was bnilt, nearly all snob as were ol red granite having boen oat up wholoBale by Osorkon for buildinB blocks. Wo constantly dleoover passages of the festival inscriptions on fragments of statues whioh bavo boen built into tbo walls ; and it is not at all un UBUal to find part of a saored boat which is being oarried in prooeesion npon priests' shouldors, on ono side of a block, and on tho other eide a head of Barneses II. — sometimes dofaoed, but sometimes in a fair state of preservation. So litt'o did the kings of Egypt respect the images of their predeces sors " Suoh aro some of the splendid results of tho explorations oarried on by M Navillo, asaietod, as last year, by Mr. F Llewellyn Giiffith and Count d'Hulat, dating the last few weeks at Toll Basta; and tbo eaBOD is not yet over. Who shall say what now treasures Iho next month mav not bring tu light, or what now faots connected with Ihe obsoure but deeply interesting Hyksos poriod may not be in store for ns 7 . Except only the great temple oi Tanie, excavated by Mariolto tome twonty o'gbt yoare ago, no Egyptian ruin upon eo ooloseal a aaale haa been systematically explored, or haa yielded eo rioh a harvest 