A STARTLING INCIDENT. An elderly gentleman residing in the Rue Rocbechouart, Paris, who was supposed to be dead, has suddenly come to life. He has a nephew in Paris, who, being dufy informed of his demise on Sunday, repaired at onee to the house with his wife to keep watch over the mortal remains of his uncle until they should be borne to their last resting- place. On Monday evening, as the lady was tired, her husband sent her to the drawing-rdoin to take some repose on a sofa; and a servant having placed some wine and broth on a table, he threw himself into an arm- chair in the bedroom and soon went soundly to sleep. On awaking at 4 in the morning he found that the broth had disappeared and that the bottle of wine was half- empty 3 Becoming alarmed, he went to his wife in the drawing-room, roused her, and told her what had happened. She returned to the bedroom with him, but the pair had hardly reached the door when they heard a noise. They paused on the threshold, and, to their consternation, a voice bade them not to be afraid, but to come in. The husband entered the room, but soon rushed out with his hair standing on end. He had seen his uncle's ghost. The old man was sitting, enveloped in a sheet, on the side of his bed. The supposed corpse had the utmost difficulty in getting his panic\x=req-\ stricken relatives to understand that he was not dead after all. " I am alive!" he repeated, adding, that the preparations for his funeral had not escaped his notice. He had been in a lethargy, and, waking up, had helped himself to the broth which had done him good. Hearing someone approaching he had jumped into bed, as he was anxious not to cause any alarm; but Richard was himself again. He perfectly recovered, and certainly on closer examination the uncle's appearance by no means belied his words. The refreshment had come in most opportunely to restore him, and as he was much pleased with the affectionate attention which his relatives had shown him after his supposed departure from this world, everything was soon made happy and comfortable all round. The doctor of the Quarter had not yet officially confirmed the demise of the worthy uncle, who seems to have taken a new lease of life. 