The Controversialist. Man, the Image of God. BY B. NATURAL. The wise in all ages have very truth fully declared that man was a microcosm of the universe ; and must be so if man is the image of God, who is the macro- cosm. Where the Old Testament scriptures have, in the common authorised version, the expression, 'I am, that I am,' we ought to read instead, 'I will be, that I will be.' This latter rendering is admittedly more exactly the English of the original ; and it is, also, as exactly in accordance with fact, for the mediatorial reign of Christ is simply for the purpose of bring- ing about what God has willed to be. Until the will of God is done here on earth as it is done in Heaven, God will not be all in all as he has proposed to be ; and Christ must reign until this is exactly accomplished. Moses was taught to make the taber- nacle according to the pattern shown him on the mount. He made it with an outer court, a holy place, a holy of holies, and an ark within that again. The tabernacle of God is to be with man ; and the items of the tabernacle form an object lesson pointing to man's construction and possibilities. He is not the simple material being many imagine. There are wheels within wheels in his structure, and until man knows himself in these particulars he can never know his maker. Know ye not that your bodies are the temples of the Holy Ghost, said Paul to the Corinthians. Face this thought fairly, and do so in the light thrown upon it by facts, and also by the object lesson — the tabernacle — and it will be at once obvious that man is either threefold or fourfold as that was. On either plane of the tabernacle something affiliated to religion and God was known. Those who occupied the outer court are those who are satisfied with the ritualism and mere externals ; but such can never see God, none can see God who do not penetrate more interiorly than that. Then the holy place which was sacred to the priests was only one step nearer to the great centre, and only gave an approximation to nearness with God ; the holy of holies alone accessible only to the high priest gave anything like access to the inmost circle. The truth of man being in the image of God and the microcosm of the universe is only intelligible on the ground of this object lesson. That is exactly that there is in the construction of every man an outermost, an inner place and an innermost, and that within that very innermost is to be found the Divinity that is to be sought and listened to and obeyed. There is within every man that cometh into the world the Christ ; yes ; the Christ that saved him, if he is saved at all ; the representative of God and man's Savior is not to be found by ascending into heaven, or by descending into the deep, but by looking into the very inner- most of man's being. (Read Rom. X, 6-8.) If he does not find that innermost centre of his nature it will remain latent. It is in exact antagonism to everything the world and the flesh holds dear. When it awakens and begins to assert itself the outward fleshy man is doomed, it must be slain and put an end to in order that the innerman may become the reigning power. When this is the case the Christ has saved that one from sin ; from the thing itself and thereby from its consequccs. There is no other sal- vatiod possible to man, and that is the one and only Christ or perfect way of bringing it about. When Christ is formed in any one the hope of glory, the fact will be very ap- parent and clear, for all will see it and admit that God is in such an one of a truth. And the potency and possibility of this is exactly within every man that cometh into the world. The potency may be latent and never be awakened ; the awakening of it and bringing it into life and being is very accurately desig- nated the new birth, or the being born out of God or from above. That which made the birth a possibility, however, was slumbering in that nature all the time of its existence. And thousands — yes, tens of thousands — say they know God, say they have found Christ, say they are saved by Christ, say this and do all manner of things with outward show and semblance in his name, who know nothing whatever about him, and who have never been and never will be owned or acknowledged by him. The truth is that none know anything about Christ or his great salvation who have not dis- covered him in the very innermost core of their nature, and who have not so faith- fully listened to his voice speaking from thence that they have determinately put the first Adam nature, the worthless self- hood of man, to death. Only as we view the tabernacle or the temple in this light as an object lesson can we understand the truth of God, or the real spiritual anatomy of man who is made in the image of God. Destroy this temple, said Jesus, and I will raise it up again in three days ; but he spake of the temple of his body. As Christ was so are we in this world. He recog- nised his body to be the temple of God ; and in so doing gave the full authority for our using the temple or the taber- nacle as an object lesson to teach us what we are and what God wishes us to become. If we have faith and doubt not and fear not we may go farther than the Eternal outer court of the tabernacle the mere ritualism and mummery of the flesh in all its superstitions and awe- inspiring emptiness ; yes, we may rise to the dignity of the priest and go boldly and acceptably into the holy place and be so far approved ; or if we have the appointment of a chief or high or adept priest we may be honored with power to pierce even to the holy of holies itself. According to our faith it will be unto us. We are not straitened in God, but in ourselves. But to pierce to the innermost the flesh must be destroyed for no one with the fleshy nature alive can ever reach the Kingdom or please God. 