TUPwF GOSSIP. Dy Augcu. Tbe Melbourne Hunt Club must have bad a good time on Saturday, for there was more than an average attendance at Flemington. Jonathan had the grounds in their very best order, and with an abundance of grass every where, and the English trees just coming into leaf, the place presented a most charm ing appearance. Mr. Lang quickly got Clarendon's purchase money back, for in the race between Mr. Krushlta's two casts-off, Clarendon and St Albert, the former proved the better nqimal of the two. Of those who saddled up for the Hnrdle Race King Arthur was the finest animal, but thnueh he ran well for a tinie he wasn t in.it at the finish. Woodbine improved upon his previous per formances, and ought to have won, but the dunderhead Who rude him kept looking round at. Lfporello, and King, who had pretended" to be; beaten, Coming with an electrical rush, got up in the last two or three strides, and snatched the race out of the. fire. It was a .splendid effort, and King well deserved the congratulations he received from the owner and those'who backed him, and so did young Griffin for the condition in which he brought the horse to the post King of the West most have disappointed his friends, for he was regarded as a real good thing by his im mediate friends, but he didn't get a place. Old Maroney got third, and Ocean ran well up to the distance, -when he tired, and so did The Victim. Leporello is better bred than most hurdleracers, and King having taken all the rognishneae out of him, he now struggles as gamely as any horse, -though he has to -be ridden without spurs. It was quite refreshing to Bee so interesting a contest for the Hunt Club: Cup, and very gratifying indeed to see members of the Pender, Watson, and Glasscock families pilotiag the plaeed horses,1 with those accomplished horsemen Mr. W. S. Cox and Mr. Godfrey Watson close up with them. Mr. L. Pender is a worthy successor to his brothers Michael and William, who were among the first-flight men some years ago. He rides in good atyle, keeping his hands down much better than most colonials, many of whom have wonderful seats and good judgment, but persist in having their hands Bp to their chins. The win wbb all the more creditable because on the previous day Mr. Pender received a very bad fall while riding at Ballarat, and whs unconscious for some minutes. The horse he rode is a very clever fencer, and on the day of the hunting trials at the National Agricultural Society's show I thought he ought to have been placed first, for he fenced very cleverly, but I believe the judges did not give him the prize because he did not appear so "well np to weight as some that were placed before him. Walter Hicken botham bad a real good thing on the quiet in Fisinvife for the flat race; she is a daughter of King of the Anglers and Nameless, by Panic from Louise, and won several races in Queensland before she came into liicken .botbam's hands. Tourbillon ran a good ally, but she couldn't give 7lb. and a year to s > smart a filly as Fishwife. I've never seen a fitter horse than was The Irishman, who won the steeplechase with ridiculous ease. When he returned to the weighing enclosure he seemed so fresh and well that I verily believe he could have gone out and won another steeplechase. Bellamy deserves any amount of credit for improving him out of all knowledge from the time that lie made that sorry exhibition at Williamstown. Curiosity . looked like winning when they lauded over the laBt fence, but be hadn't the ghost of a | chance with the grey when it came to racing on the flat. Mr. Miller seems to have taken the place of Mr. M. Loughlin as king among the steeclechase division, and wiLh such animals as Mernder, The Irishman, Reny, and Studley he ia likely to be very dangerous all the season. I hear he has a very fine half-brother to Mernder, who will be heard of in the not very distant future. Royal Oak ran his last race, for be fell uear the bridge and broke bis neck. It is somewhat curious that iu his previous race lie should have broken iiis tail. Since be won a race fit Canlfield and another at Fleminglon, Mr. Barnard had not been very kind to him iu the handicaps, and per haps his loss was an actual gain to Mr. Pearson, who has not been in luck during the past year. It ia nearly time there was a change of iortune, and I hope it will not be long ere we see the black and white in front again. Mr. I. T. Caralake did not make a bad purchase when he bought Summer, a very useful son of Slanderer and Whisper. This colt is much better bred than many people seem to imagine, for bia sire Slanderer is fall brother to Calumny, and his dam, Whisper, is by . SndwUen from Oracle, who runs lack to Malaa's maternal ancestress, Edella. " - Judging from the results of recent amateur contests at Ballarat and Flemington, there is likely to be a revival of Hie old spirit among the non- professional element It takes one back to old times to read of Norman Wilson and a Pender being victorious at these gatherings^ • and the various events were so well contested that tberfe was a spice of the old enthusiasm which prevailed when amateur racing was so popular. Mr. Cox, I am glad to see, Is helping to foster amateur events, and I'believe Mr. Jenkins intends to follow suit at Epsom. In the Watsons, Penders, Glaascocks, Coxes, Inglises, and others we have plenty of young Australians who would be only too glad to have a fly over fences or on the flat, and the Messrs, Wilson, Chirnside, &«., might be induced to don the colours once more if the Victoria Amateur Turf Club were to encourage amateur racing. The Ballatpt Sunt Club meeting was a pleasant affair. The day, although rather cold, was fine eqofigU, and Dowliug Forest and the surrounding couu'try never looked better, but VglinTot sunshine was wanted to add. charm to the,factore. The sport waB enjoyable rigty through. St Louis won the Bracelet Stoker bat ^be connections of the stable 4pnT fancy his .chance, and he did theliiiR a gOod turn, solitary sovereign here ajid there being the, exient of the support avfraMOd to thfc son of Glorious, who was well handlerji by Mr. Norman . Wilson, the victors' of the master' bfclng very' popular with -all Clttssek'7 Promotion-, who ran second-to Stan his Hay,' but jilB^efcaiics, 'litre Oolitou'o,' 2nts spoiled by a Wttnder. Fiddler, whq'haSja easpicloufc-tookibk cieg, stopped to nbtathk in the &nirdle; llaa**wbd.4ie i*. evident!* noteo [nod as he has been cracked up to be, but Juilt, who beat himenaily in the run home, is a useful Bort, although a long way from the first-class. The fun ended with thei Farmers' Plate, which created more interest j in the neighbourhood than a Melbourne Cup., The "rig" of some of the "cowboys" pro voked no end of laughter. The winner, J. B.. j is a horse above the common, and the easy way in which he cut his field down led some people to imagine that he was something better than iy\ ordinary farmer's nag, espe-1 oially as a certain party never tired ot putting the pieces on. Wulkiitg about in the pad dock Coronet and Odd Trick were prominent objects. Mr. J. 0. Inglis rode in his usual artistic manner throughout the meeting, though some ot the bookmakers did not seem to think he handled Daphne according to their ideas of good jockeyship. Depend upon it, he knows how to handle a horse better than they can teach him. During the day a member of Bowes's TatterBall's Club was turned out of the enclosure for betting without a license, and the booky talks ot going to law. The Ballarut course, how ever, is the property of the Bullarat Turf Club, which is quite differently Bituated to Elsternwick-park and Caulfield. Mr. Miles had a formidable list of Y.R.C. entries to present on Monday evening. It will be found on pages 815,816, and is in every way satisfactory, except that the Steeplechase of 500 sovereigns has filled very badly. Fancy only nine for a stake like this, and three of these belong to one man. It is very gratify ing to see the weight-for-nge races. Oil so well. Not only is the number of entries satisfactory, but the quality, is all that could be;desired.. In the 18 .nominated for the Melbourne Stakes will be found the name of the evergreen "Malua, whom we hope to see once more carrying his owner's colours. He will be opposed probably by worthy ioeinen,, seeingthat the list includes such celebrities as The Australian Peer, Abercorn, Carlyon, Mentor, Cardigan, and Enfilade.- The name of Hortense also appears, and if this flying daughter of Gang Forward should happen to have returned to her two-year-old form she may be found equal to the occasion. Ben Bolt, too, is a clinker over the distance, and Mr. Cook has a couple of useiul representa tives in Cyclops and The Yeoman. Baliarat has Silverton and Bravo engaged, and our country friends can claim two good horses in Tradition ana Dick Swiveller. These, with Wycombe, Ensign, and Aristocrat, make up a very nice party. For the Hotiiam Handi cap 35 hones have been nominated, and the Selling Race has the respectable entry of 24. The Cobnrg Stakes, .always popular with owners of horses, has received good patronage. 48 horses having been nominated. The Hurdle Race, whichoccupiesa place in the second day's list, has 16 engaged, and there are 22 in the Kensington Stakes, which, un fortunately, is fixed for the same day as the Nursery Handicap. It is a great mistake to have two races for juveniles on the one day. In thp Nursery Handicap there are no less titan 48 youngsters, and some of these which are not engaged in the Kensington Stakes would certainly have been nominated hod not both races been fixed for the same day. The Van Yean Stakes lias 56 horses en gaged, and in the Flying Stakes there are 39, while the Seoond Hurdle Race has 2d' A race which often creates a great deal of specula tion is fl the Spring Handicap, one mile and a quarter, and with 51 nomina tions there -js likely to be a capital field. For the Royal-park Stakes 14 horses have been nominated, .and the Veteran Stakes has 38 engaged. The Maiden Plate opens the ball on the fourth day, and the entry for this numbers 18. It speaks well for the future of the turf that no less thau 58 two-year-olds should have been nominated for the Flemington Stakes. Mr. S. Miller is the largest contributor with half-a-dozen, and the Hon. James White and Messrs. . S. Gardiner, G. Cockroft, E G. Brodribb, and S. Browne have three each. The V.R.C. Handicap has filled well enough with 39 entries, but, oti! what a sorry show is made in die Steeple chase, tor which only nine horses have been nominated. This number iucludes good horses like Meruder, Blue Monntain, The i Irishman, Reny, and EHerslie, but I'm ear-1 prised not to find the names of Kildare, j Beadsman II., Forester, and others in the list. It of the 16 engaged in the Canterbury Plate ouly Malua, Abercorn, The Australian Peer, and a conple of the three year olds put in an appearance what excitement there will j be on hill, stand, and fiat. Such a race j ought to be worth going a thousand miles to see, for the fiuttco which took place at Randwick is hardly likely tn be repeated. The Free Handicap widi 65 entries is a fitting wind-up. Referring to the railway arrangements for the Caulfield meeting, a well-known citizen writes me :—"Can you kindly call the atten tion of the Commissioners ot Railways, now that the races are coming on,to the pernicious habit of smoking in first-class non-smoking carriage! it seems to be accepted as a matter of course by a lot of vulgar, selfish men that they can do this without iet ot hindrance. Last year I went out to Caul field by train, and although there were about seven or eight ladies in the carriage, about five uien smoked all the way out. Naturally enough the ladies were iudignancat being made nearly sick, and arriving at the course reeking with tobacco smoke. The railway arrange ments last year were simply disgraceful, it is -to be hoped there will be an improvement 4bis year." As special arrangements are to be made for the comfort of the public visiting the Caulfield meeting, my correspon dent ought to have no cause to raise his voice again. It is very annoying to ladies and non-smokers to be half-choked by clouds of tobacco smoke, and I hope the hint will not be lost on the- anthorities. For the in formation of those who are going by rail to day I may mention that first-class passengers for Caulfield will be booked from the front of the Brighton entrance to the Flinders street station, and will Btart from the centre platform. Second-class passengers will book from the old bridge.crossing the station, and will depart from the old Hawthorn plat form. \- Among other suggestions made to me by New South. Wales sportsmen while I was in Sydney, was fine that the V. R.C. should in troduce to its aututnu programme a second Newmarket Handicap, to be ran on the laBt day. It is urged by many racing men that such an event' would be productive of more interest than the first Newmarket, as the hnndicapper; -Voold have an opportunity of apportioning thb weights with the. expedience of the first tnree dftya to guide him. Ittainh the'hlfrt OUght hot to be thrown away, fbt there can-be no do&bt; such a racc wohla ien'd additional interest to the wind-up5 of the autumn iheetifig: NoV that the A.J.C, has ejriwlieht % course at: BahdVidk it would hOt be a had >no*e ou^thepartof. ^hu ex«utiVe 1to' introduce" to the-auhwm' -pro ftra'tpine thfeCooges Handicap^! 1?000so vs. Mi futfofigs. ^ T^keWyAdvice, fey M?Bi frtondrf; hndlgnUeh out With5Some of that SClB,^1 bt Bie,W0'ybu aeefh 16 be «o;cSre&iHf; bbJ' up in the' baUlK J* profit by<yourUfif6ftU,Vfid1eti Share towardl'thi-Ukpeni ' you have made at Randwick. The money made in racing yon are expected to spend on the sporty and not to Jet it lie idle at bank interest. I doubt if it is legal to keep piling it up. The V.R.C., notwithstanding its immense revenue, is always in debt, and racing mengenerally willbe glad tohear that the A. J.C, has determined to get rid of that bank incubus next season. J. Williamson's case was considered by the V.R.C. committee on Tuesday, and it was resolved to endorse the three months' dis qualification imposed by the Wiiliamstown Racing Ciub. I ehould be very sorry to attempt to palliate wrong- doing by any jockey. I was not present at Wiiliamstown, the A.J.C. meeting calling me to Sydney, but every racing man whom I have spoken to on the subject declares that it was an error of judgment on the part of Williamson, and if so the jockey has been harshly used. By the dismissal of Williamson's appeal jockeys will be . taught not to attempt to cat it fine in future, for it they do, and happen to be beaten on the post, they will run the risk of disqualification. Many people would Bay serve them right, for by their carelessness thousands of pounds are sometimes lost Mr. W. S. Cox complained of a boy named G. Phillips having left his service without leave, ana entered that of Mr. J. A. Lang. The boy was disqualified for three months, nnd Lane was severely censured for employing the boy without inquiring as to where he bad been previously employed. The Frenchmen have once more despoiled the Britishers of a considerable amount of coin, for they have won the great English handicap of the year with Tenebrense, who [. was a great performer in her own country. Among the races she pnt to her credit last season was the Grand Prizeof Paris, io which she defeated the English horse The Baron, and the Frenchmen Went mad with delight. When they have a good horse in a big English handicap the residents on tike other side of the channel pnt down the pieces with a will, and depend upon it there would be great rejoicing in Paris when the news of her victory was flashed along the wire.' Owners of horses will bear in .mind that entries for the Mentone Racing Clob meet ing close with the secretary, Mr. J. S. Potts, at the Victorian Trotting Cinb office, 100 Bourke-street west, at 4 p.m. on Monday next. A well-digested programme has been framed, consisting as it does of half-a-dozen events, the first on the list being a Hurdle Race of lOOsovs., about one mile and a half. Next to this is the Southern Stakes of 100 soys., five furlongs and a half, for maiden horses, special weights. The leading item in the list is the Meirtone Handicap of 200 sovs., one mile and a furlong, a race which sbonld attract a large entry, and i hope to see some of our visitors nominate for this. This will be to I lowed by a Selling Race of 100 sovs., live furlongs. The wind-up is the Heatberton Handicap of 100 sovs., seven furlongs, a distance which is very popular with owners, and therefore a numerous entry is likely to be made. General entries for the Moonee Valley meeting close at Mr. Cox's oflSce, Bourke street west, at 4 p.ra on Monday next. The list of events which have not yet closed in cludes the Oaklands Hunt Club Steeplechase ot 100 sovs., tor approved bond~/icle hunters that have been hunted with any recognised pack of hounds not less than five times during the season just passed, and the com petitors to be ridden by amateurs. A trophy, subscribed for by several supporters of hunting, will also be one ot the lea tares of this race, and I hope the amateurs will show their appreciation of "Mr. Cox's liberality by nominating in large numbers. A Hurdle Race of 75 sovs., Selling Race of 150 sovs., and the Phoenix Handicap of 75 sovs. are the other events dvhich have not yet closed. Nominations for the Bairnsdale Racing Club handicaps close with the secretary, Mr. James Johnston, on Tuesday next, November 1C, when the-Hurdle Race, 8. R.C. Handicap, Second Hurdle Race, Mitchell River Han dicap, Publicans' Purse, and Railway Han dicap will have to be attended to. Pallarat Miners' Turf Club entries, for the meeting to be held on the 2Gth October, close with the secretary, Mr. R. Moffatt, at 8 p.m. on Monday next Chief amongst the events in the bill of tare is the Grand Stand Han dicap of 100 6ovs., about one mile and a distance, and the other events are the Time Handicap Trot of 15 sovs., Hurdle Race of 60 sovs., Trial Stakes of 20sovs., Selling Race f>t 50 sovs., Steeplechase of 60 sovs., and Handicap Pony Race of 20 sovs. The Shepparton Turf Club meeting seemh to have excited but little interest in the neighbourhood, and in consequence every thing passed off very quietly. The site of the racecourse, which is about three miles from the town, is very pretty, and the grand stand and the appointments generally are a credit to the club, which is well managed uy Mr. Tumley. The attendance was very poor, nnd there was little or no betiing. Saltan carae in first for the Hurdle Race, but the stakes were afterwards awarded to the second horse lslack frntce. ami the three months disqualification which was meied out to Norton ought to be a cantion to those jockeys who sometimes try to impose opon the stewards of country clabB bjr^ continuing in a hurdle race after evading a jump, which is a serious offence against the rules. Some riders try it on, on the off chance of getting the prize, but Norton was detected, and the punishment he received may deter others from trying the same dodge. The racing does not call for any special comment. It appears that Pestal wan not killed in the Steeplechase at Band wick. At all events, he has been nominated at Wattga, so I presume the horse was only Stunned. The Sydney Iluht Cinb meeting would have gone off well enough had not the Hunt Club Steeplechase proved such ft fiasco. It was a happy thought to have selected Rose hill for the dfiy's sport, as tt is one of the prettiest racecourses in Australia, and the appointments there - are first-class. Mr. William Forrester ecored another victory with Pugilist, a eon of Maribyrnong and Gipsy Girt; and I' notice that Hugo won the Hunt Glub Handicap, just beating Keith, who carried 9st. Sib. and ran a desperate race. Keith) who ieTjyGoldabroKnto, tfc" very little belbw a first-class horse ■nf^toAihile and three furlongs, ^perhaps further - ' The Btallion Canary, by Caprice, has been ;eo!dto Mr. G Gilbert,"bt Queensland, for $00' guineas; and the im ported studhorse The Tester has been dis posed of to Mb M'Donald, of the Manning Stiver; OttO and Drilldoolhave been sola to Mr, PelL 'j i Wis tortner is shseful handicap hbtse, fcndthelatter is the GOtdsbroUghhoi'se'who shaped so w$H in LurdlO tuces lately in New Sooth Wales, • "■ The' 'Hahtowg.oebrile Wm secMartfMr.fc ^ at the Bridge.HoteJ, IhdhKied ih tbAp BManicap of 40 Race of 35 t- rs., S-s-i'Lsr Ear* o: 35 E>:rs.,.aai I'jzit pony All who hart horses er. gaped in the Csrl field Cup are liit: it th«T w>h to set oat of the int. paj n-tsi o: lj t verrgn® they must dec are anc p-:r vim :t sreacr doe before 4 p m. on 1 a«-iar mrc. Al though srat of the trst horses i'-.'f wt withdrawn, ! think it quite kfcely tnat there wiii be tear.» 35 *e:i ta on Tceaiiy. I *Si-" discuss the 'probabilities cert week. b=: tt present I fancy the winner will cm* iron Enfilade. Toacbtton*. end the best Messrs. White's end Cook's and the Bailtrat di vision. . . . Xb« art of polling borees is stotiei is America ts »»u as other countries, as the foil owing from an American journal v\l! testify:—" 'Polling a borne means riding Mm to lose when he can win,' says S veteran trainer, 'bat it by no means :mp":es that there has been any direct use of tie bridle to bold bits back from winning _ I admit *v»»t I hare seen horses actually and literally pulled ; bet perhaps not one of two bond red that go oat for at ruses required so strong measures to prevent him from getting fail bead home first A horse can be efiecnaJiy stopped by other and more covert processes. I shall not deal with cases where the horse is run unfit or after a backet of water that part of the trade lies with the trainer ; I now deal only with the jockey's art of stopping a horse. He can lie too iar out o: bis ground : take a turn too wide; go out of bis way to get shut in by leaders : court a cross or col lision in the straight Any one of soch mis i octanes may happen to him against bis wili when be really desires to win ; it is high art to obtain them where he wants to lose. Only champs pall horses. Tour artist never attempts it. When it comes to the actual finish when jockeys ait down to reie their hones home, art also comes in. The orthodox rider should be feeling bis horse's mouth with even rem® and a light hand : his body should pay to the stride of the animal, his hips being braced, ami his shoulders assa. A bad rider, who sits with slack hips and loins and windmill arms, causes his centre of gravity to wobble, and so talks the stride of his horse, and if one rein is slackened the horse is cot held together, nor fats head balanced to his ime of pi ogress: ami all this tenAa to shorten his stnde. Without dis playing windmiii action of arms, as artistically dishonest jockey can rise badly enough and ran at the same time deceive the eyes of even good judges. A good jockey may appear to be riding and punishing a horse, what all the r'"* be is as good as fitting Kill, tandt1 down. I have seen many a jockey f ogging : his boot when the public supposed nim punishing ha mount; be will pretend to be riding, white in reality he is holding hif bone j well together. It is the easiest task in the; work! to accnae a jockey ot pulling; there is nothing more difficult than to prove such a: charge. The fact is, it is not one or two pieces of uneatietactory riding that by them selves can destroy a jockey's reputation. Horses can and do run in and out in the most honest hands. No man, new animal, can always be at concert pitch. So, if both tymfng and riding are square. none the teas may a horse opeet all bis public form, for good or bad.'" One well-known form was missel from; die Melbourne Hunt Club meeting on Satur- j day. It waa that of the veteran Mr. Thomas; Remiison, who for the first time during the | many years be has resided in Victoria was compelled, through severe illness, to absentj himself from a Hunt Club meeting I am ! glad to aay that be is gradually recovering. j Another good sportsman who eould not at- j tend through illness was Mr. C M. Lloyd, | who has come to reside amongst us. At Yamma he bad been confined to his ted for 13 weeks, and after recovering and reaching Melbourne he bad a relapse. Brisbane Tattersall's is a progressive dub, and it is pleasing to aee that 3? two-year-olds have been nominated for the Jordan Stakes, to be run under its auspices. Owners of horses will bear m mind that entries for Tattersall's Cup of 500 sots., with a trophy value 100 sore., the gift of Mr. Charles Westbrook. close with the secretary, Mr. J. G. Byrne, Tattersall's Club, Brisbane, on Tuesday next, October 16. On the same day entries will also be received for the Aus tralian Piste of 300 bo vs., a handicap of one mile and a quartet. The Hon. James White preferred the sea trip this year, and instead of coming over land, as usual, was a passenger by that float ing palace the Orizaba. His friends will be 6eased to know that be was greatly benefited ■ the change The annual meeting of the Terang Racing Club was held on Saturday nigbt. There was a good attendance of members, and the greatest interest was manifested in the proceedings. The report presented showed that the business of the year had been of a highly satisfactory character, the receipts amounting to £512 13s. 4d., and the expenditure to £3/7 Os.fid.; the net profit reaching the substantial sum of £205 12s. lid., £200 of which was devoted to liquidating debts doe to trustees. During the year extensive improvements have been made to the course; about £325 having been spent in this way, making the ground one of the most complete in the Western district. The following officers for the ensuing term were electedPresident, Mr. Stuart Reid; vice-president, Mr. Lang, with an influential committee comprising the prin cipal men of the district. It was decided that a race gathering take place as usual on January 1, and a programme was drawn up on similar lines to those of last year, the prize money being raised in several instances, making (he cata logue of events very attractive.- Die following items were agreed to:—Maiden PJate, 25 aovs.; Handicap Hurdles, 40 aovs.: Cop, 75 aovs. ; Steeplechase, 50 sovs.; Selling Flat Race, 20 aovs.; Maiden Trot. 15 sovs.; Hack Race. 5 aovs. Mr. Barnard was appointed hand! capper. Rapid progress is oetng made with the grand stand, stewards' and weighing rooms, kc., at Epsom, and it is expected that every thing will be completed nearly a month before the opening day. The running track is now covered with a beautiful sward of English grass, but the proprietor will do well to in sist upon a plentiful application of couch grass, which is by far the best for a race course. Epsom is well worth a visit from the racing men of the other colonies who wish to aee bog perfect a racecourse can be teade&y; tbe adoption of scientific principles ' "ion of a track. i I bear there is a chanoe of the . .up being increased to 5,000 sovs., with w sweepstakes of 60 aflded, nominators togee tbeir weights for five sovereigns, sod the >fijj|wi(t iwnpmf to be five sovereigns, What it steke ibit would make the great Cty. bet tr w*c i x-oi arrodaar*, ' bcr»*i were few. i"be .-> el «k sab'su.^i. bet was ptp&ei; ic t-t "':»:• roi^ta *2-^5 ^ serve V!> a.**:- jxtrr;. •-'- My iacr. wcsrtr; elE Rexs vex? tf- r%sse3 :"- because the reserves were rat rexrhe- >t~:t_:<r: ®"i5 knactei cort tc- Mr. >- Marcs si 34.' rtucefc*: Freertc t v Mr. Brtsien it 3;' pt Deu: Asfef it Ma K Nr.Eiri tt * pEBeas : tci Ast roc t: Mr. Trrcae: it €Tt cziireii. Mesas. W. C. Tci!!* tar Ca wvi haJa a mit of racehorses tt TtrterstR'e Bluai. os Moniey, October Si tad toe f rrc ueboub:* : tfctt their tnnci.' ss~-e will take pit.ee as lisssr "p." XewE-trtet. w> M :odij, SoiHtber 12\. twe day* ir&r; rise V.RC meeting. _ when owners desirous oi getting rid or tb-fii bosses can hire them eubmitses to xacEctc Messrs. C L Grirrtfc an; Co. w.;3 bold a Bile of 255 to S>*. boraes ti Ait-ury as Tturs-, diy next, October IS. j Mesas. EeiLi3ioEiacJerai5iciic«Bncetibit; they will LoVi i sale ci racehorses. ponies, ; efci-dkrr, s&d; cir»th:rir.. at TatterssITs Butest, : wsMooisr, it three '."dock- Tbf horses in- j dsM the eteepiechaser Esdfistn IL, ; and Mtriaoii, the lasi-ntrser tying . by Hortw; from Sweetbread. _ _ i V?r Rtmtrd mvie a rinrcwr mistake in j : trt.ru m: the haaskxp tor toe Aotsriisia j Hedtat Stakes to be res at the V.A.T.C. ] i Deecot to-csy. By the coDditzaoe it was j • stipulated that the lowest weight should he i iOst. TjO- bat by an oversight Mr._ Btrnard { handicapped some o: the horses at ifisu, and j '■ the Tib. had to be added. j i Ml A. W. Eottoe writes to set that j Othello, the sit of Janice and Lifeboat. » j j by The Barb from Faay_ Queen, by Peter j ' w .!Hr.« i.tvi qoc by New Warriar from i MackL ! Alter ;h« ciysmitte-c of Sydney TattersaJl'e : bad riven their deoaou declaring off all bete , on The yen, Mr. EL Oxenham. wbo is oeeof : the principal members of the Australian ring ; made esiat reoub which were eooatoed f oat of order. 1 am glad to say that be bu i bad tbe good eesse to make an upoksy. and i it has been accepted is the spirit is which it i was tendered. i A pJeamnt htxle meeting is that of the ' Craabosise Bacibg Gob, and I wocid : remind oaoera wbo intend to comrttate for the tryst of tbe 24th October that entries dose i at the Vktoran Trotting Cisb oScse, ISO Boorke-street west, or with the secretary, Mr. i A. Cartwrigbt, at Cranbowrnt, at 4 p-tn. on : Monday. There are eeren erenta on toe pro : gramsK, and they coomEt of a Hsrdie Race |of 35 eova.. Disposal Stakes of 30 sots., : Selling Hsrdie Race of 30 aora, Grasbostoe i Handicap of 40 aora^ Amateor Hsrdie Race : of 25 ana, Steeplechase of 59 ton., and the | Gill Stakes of 39 sots. I Abost fire years ago David Tales, formerly 1 of Outers, bet now of KeSoc, was dtsqaab | bed by the WBcasnia Racing Ctab for am j years—for what a correspondent describes ! as irregslarity is toe entry of a bone. It | most lave bees " irregularity * of a aeikwa i kind to meet with sack psnibbment, bet the correspondent referred to says msth satisfac tion baa been expressed at the deqealifiea bon baring been removed, after a re-coo sidentkn of the case, and be hopes that tbe T.R.G will too remore the dmynafifieataon. la this tbe Mr. Tates who sraa disqsalrfifd for nominating a borae snder the name of Slow Tom, and winning a maiden plate and other races with him ? A protest was entered | against Mr. Tates reoeiring toe stakes, and | after a most exhaustive inquiry, the stewards | determined that Mr. Tates should be dis qsalided. If tbe stewards bare discovered : ! that the " irregularity*' was not so bad as it! ! Kerned, toot they may have some jostifi- j I cation for remoring the disqualification, bat j I toe V.R.G will require to bear from tbe j ; secretary of toe W.R.G. before the case is J | taken into consideration at aiL j I Chicago ami Dick SwiTeller bare been re- j | mored to Brighton to recrire the finishing; | toarbes (or the Csalfield Cap. Both horses ; ; bare been a little sore, and no doobt will be i ! benefited by toe beastztal going which n 1 i arsilahie in toe vicinity of Sandringham, i | where Me S. G. Cook is bud at work pre- { paring bis string. 1 Lord and Lady Hastings are passengers by j ; toe Austral, it is understood that they pro- j ceed to Sydney on a visit to Lord Carringtoa, j bat no; doabt they will retain with tbe j Governor of New South Wales to be present st tbe V.R.C. meeting. From Canlfield 1 hear very good accounts | of a gelding named Victory, wbo is engaged in the Csalfield Cap. Stanley has arrived, and has taken up his quarters at MoMialloc. Mr. Andrew Town is a large contributor to toe Sires' Produce Stakes ot toe Murrum bidgee Turf Cinb. For tost of next season be bae nominated 27, and few that of the fol lowing year no less than 42 are in his name. Kerang acceptances and general entries are due on Tuesday next. Tbe trotting home Achilles is announced to stand in tbe Maffrs district, Uippaland, this aeason at £3 10s. each mare, or £4 10a if paddocked. Achilles is by toe well-known roadster sire Merrylega from Polly, by Kelpie, and is said to be a bone with a splenim<1 trotting action. Mitchell, by Glorious, from Tilly, has ar rived at Flemiiigton, and gone to toe Race course Hotel. Ma Cullen will bold his final meeting at Horlingham-park cm Thursday next, October 18, when a mixed programme will be dis posed of. There are semi items, viz.:— Selling Hurdle Race of 100 nova., and Dis posal SUikes.^of 125 sova, for horses, and five events for ponies. Entries close at toe Club Hotel, Brighton, or at the Australian Hotel, Boorke-stceet, Melbourne, at 6 p.m. on Mon day Messrs. Campbell and Sons will hold a sate of horeea at Kirk's Baraar on Tuesday next, and also on Wednesday. Among the stud horses at toe service of the public this aeason is tbe Into banting sire General Sarsfield, one of the best looking bones recently imported. Being a bone ot size and substance, mid showing plenty of breeding, be ought to prove a great acquisi tion to tbe district in which be etanda '; He is located at Ayrshire Park, Broadmeadows, and his fee is moderate enough, for it is only five guineas. The proprietor of Moonee Valley was specially favoured by the clerk of tbe weather oh Tuesday, when he belda mixed meeting, and a largecrowdof plcanre soehers wendea their way to toe popular raaorb Rihoe the last meeting Mr. Cox baa reversed ihe order of things, and the hit) people in fnture will take np tbe ground to toeagbtof the grand stand, while toe enclosure formerly devoted to toe two shilling folks will be converted into a carriage pan<ipck;»Dd lawn. Ifo S. MUIer evidently bee a- very anrart filly ip \- " " *' best ol tbe towt in wonfrpgiend to torane b&£:y cetJt Ib the rare sKst fce cjsid not act j at all free}?", and Bead f man. who fcsi about j a rjeti lead of Curiosity at tot last lence,; cmm -down a cropper, and teste his shoulder ■ so badly tiiel he had to be destroyed- K j M&lon;*, who was ndtcj: Lid, was reniere i • lasexiKhie. and a: first h was tbrnrfct be, was fciiifd. bet be pmisil r came to, and it : was discovered thu fcr bad escaped with a j severe shaking, iroe w:»s the Seiiin; Race j like t#»e pood fiiiy sh< is. tod was bought iu j del chetp at 83 cwineaa JitJtiet'O? won the j JdsniwfBoag Hsniioao e*s!'y enough, but ; her owner didn't is.r.ry be:, and she was j batted tor very little, vsistiu Matsep being . the popuiar favourite, but he was beaten at j the tarn. Karat;ge woo two of: be pony races i in bis best strk. but I though* I saw one of j those thai be beat ridden to lose very ar- j tssacaLor, bet the stewards eriiently thcncht , otherwise. Br reference to our advertising columns it ; will be sees that the Eoseb:;! Racing Club is : painp in toe big sport cert autumn. The i cates chases far toe meeting are the Othand I lath o: April, and on the first the chief bone j | oi conteauaa wilt be the Eosehiil ht&kes.; ot | . 50C sore., #03 son. to g:• to tne first hors*, 751 i sc-vs. fe> the sseaoi arc 2-' scrs. to the third, j The distance is riv furloiice, which owners [so much 3ik» and as the entry tee is only a j sovereign there will be & libera] response to ftbecalL For the eeconi day the chief item I is the fimebill Handicap, oi 1.C03 eovs., 300 ; of which will eo to the firs: horse, 150 to the I second, and 50 so the third This will be run | over a and a half. Entries close at the ; V.A.T.C. o&oe;, Melbourne, and with the i secretary, Mr. 6. B. Eowley, on Monday, ; Dffffflher 1CL The second edition o: "Centaur's Index" is to hand, and, as usuaL contains a deal of I information. whkh shc-sid be useful to racing j ffien, especially in these stirring times. Tradiuoa, who has am red at Can! field, is a fine horse to look at, but the general opinion seems to be that be will require a little more polish ere he U seen at his beat. Mr. EL Gray writes to say that Mr. John Field never owned Wiil-Ii-I-Can, as he was bred, owned, and raced by the late Mr. W. O'Connor. He states that he thinks the name of the home Mr. Fieid ran against liberty was PSenipa J. Monro, in charge of Mr. C. T. Roberta's homes, arrived at Fkmingtou on Saturday evening. The consists of Matador, Maggie, Aristocrat, Little Lady, Little Nor- i man, and Estma 1 H. Hiyna arrived at Flemington cm I Monday, and brongbt with him Mr. Gannon's lot, consisting of The Australian Beer, Theorist, Meios, Wycombe, Arsenal, anil Touchstone, ah of whom were looking well. Tltgy are located at & Muhon'a. I M. Thompson arrived from Sydney on Wednesday, and was accompanied by Pasha, Fhaou, Lady Marion, and The Gift . John Hill baa once more put in an appear ance at Hmingtop, and has with bim the South Australian steeplechase hones Laurel and Robin HockL Royal Gait who was killed in the Steeple chase on Saturday, was one of the most con snlLut cross-country horses of his time. He started 15 times, was four times first, six times second, and three times he ielL Another old racing identity has passed away in New Sooth Wake. Mr. Charles Roberts, who owned the celebrated mare Dora when she was one oi the best animals is Australia, died a few days ago, He was i the lather of Mr. CL T. Roberta. f/iiwihb wma struck out of the Csulfield Guineas on Wednesday, and Worcester was withdrawn irom the Melbourne Cup at the name rime. Mr. W. Gannon arrived from Sydney on Thursday, for the purpose ot seeing his ] hones run at the V.A.T.C. meeting. At the Hawke's Bay CS.Z.) meeting Mr. P. i Batter's Mantrm, by Musket from Calumny's sister Tres Deuce, won the Guineas nf 300 ] sows., beating Trenton's brother Cuirassier, Leopold, and five others. Man ton. who was ] ridden by Clifford, beat Cuirassier by s neck, after a splendid race. Mr. W. Keith's Es-1 capade won the Flying Handicap on the first: day, and Man ton, after winning the Guineas, was injudiciously pulled out for this, ana beaten. Escutcheon also started. The Spring Handicap was won by Mr. G Berea ford'c laofrid, by Leolinos from Lovebird ; be carried 7sfi, and beat Man ton, 7et 61b., and 12 others. Sydney Tattersali'g has received splendid entries for the two chief events of the summer meeting. For the Canington Stakes no leas than 105 horses have been nominated, while the list for Tattersali'a Cup numbers 81' This is a result which must prove emi nently satisfactory to Mr. Perry and his com mittee. The AJ.C. Summer Cup has closed with 72 entries, which is a very respectable num ber, and with such long lists before him Mr. Scarr will be kept busy during the last month of the year. Mr. D. T. Way has forwarded a cheque for £2 from Mr. J. W. Jones, and another for £1 la from Mr. W. H. Phillips for the widow of the late Fred Johnson. Cardigan. Lockeley, and Stock well, in charge of Jamea Mayo, may be expected in Melbourne early next week. Maloa arrived from Ingliston yesterday, and is reported to be looking very well. Mr. Charles Westhrook, of Sydney, has forwarded a copy of his little book containing an alphabetical list of upwards of 2,000 race hones, with their ages and pedigrees. It will be found a useful companion by all raring men. The full programme of the Williamstown Racing dab November meeting appears in the lale advertisement column. In addition to the WilJiamatown Handicap, of 590 so vs., it contains a Hnrdle Ban, of 100 son., the Truganina Stakes, of 75 son., Telegraph Stakes, oi 100 nova.. Steeplechase, of 100 soys., and the Prince of Wales Strikes, of 150 sovs. Nominations for all eveuta except the Williamstown Cup dose at the V.T.C, office, Bonrke-street weed, at I p.m. on Monday, 29th October. J. Scobie baa arrived from Bailarat, and was accompanied by Blue Mountain, Qua drant^ Teuton, and Argument. , The statement that The Queen waa injured while on the way to Maitland turns out to be incorrect It was a mare named Our Jane, recently purchased by Mr. Maya The Queen will probably arrive in Melbourne morn ing with Honeydew. B. Bamage, who met with an accident while riding Casuist at Richfield, still re mains st Mr. Bradshaw's residence. Al though feveriah and still suffering pain, he is tetter than he was. Ttefft. Albans bred bone, Silver gft»g, by Stem King—Senorits, die? last week £ Sydney. He was once very promising: but hfter winning the AJ.C. St Lur, he fell off considerably, only one race—a Welter Han dicap at Liverpool—having fallen to bis lot tfnee. ; |hr. H., Haines haa requested me to state thatGorry hai now no ""♦"■rrtion with his ^.W. G Yuille and Co. will bo ztifcopes «t Tattetsall's Bazaar nexfc Amongst those to te iia Bpartan, Milanar. Wacfl Rnnge-et-Noir, Boadicea, Lord Rosebetr, Lancaster, Marron, Ditto, Mistletoe, arid liogmaoay. As tbere is a race meeting at Huriingham-park on the day, the sale will be held at 11 o'clock. ScnaTcnnras.—V. A.T.C.—Hurdle Race —Sinking Funcl, Durl'.v Grand, Maroney. Huntere' Cup—Troops, Paul, Minerva. Luyrpring, Monarch, Reveller, Snip, Maude, btnrlr, i'onbir, Warrior, The Unyer. Toorak Handicap—Meteor, Crown Brand, 8um*tra, Sunim- r, Epicurean, labinael. The Uerite, Oauaette, Ckruut Outfield Cop—Inrermay ; Oct. 11—Recall, 12.23; Don Qiorao, 2.6 ; Sumatra, 2.15; The Cevite, £32;: Dufferio. £32; Tabard, 3.3a Caulfield Stake*. —Carbine, Hootydew. Open fcteepleohaie Royal Oak. Wyiitlei. All Engagement*—({alntin MaUiep, Skylark. Sj Ircater. Selling Race—little Roea. Mel bourne Cup—la Grange, Ganymede. V.B.C. Derby —Magazine. Oak*— kliaa Thirza. 