TALE. Within an Ace. A hot summer's day was drawing to its close, and the sultry, stagnant air was stirred with the faintest possible breeze, as I sat on the Rhine Quay at Cologne, waiting for the arrival of the steamer for Rotterdam. Not that I was going to Rotterdam, but to Dord- recht, a quaint, old, Netherlandish town, where I expected to join my mother and sister. The latter had been sketching all the summer among the old towns of Holland; she has an enthusiasm for the Dutch school, an enthusiasm that is hardly shared by her brother, who had deserted the sketching party and taken a line of his own, leading up the Rhine and through the recesses of the Black Forest. The Rhine boat was late, hours late—a thing I had no reason to grumble at, for my train had also been an hour or two late, and had the boat been punctual I should have missed it. And there was no hardship in waiting. There was the Rhine in front, broad and majestic, with its strong, impetuous current and swirling eddies, while gay Dutch barges floated down or were anchored in the stream, mixed up with huge timber rafts; and great, noisy tugs laboured up against the stream, with long strings of barges in their train. There, too, was the bridge of boats, its dark, undulating line running from shore to shore, and beyond the bridge long reaches of the river stretched out to the low horizon in a doubtful kind of haze. Out of the haze every now and then came a steamer with glittering lights, hooting and whistling on its way, and then the bridge of boats would part in the middle, and the steamer come panting down. But not the right one. Darkness came on, lights glittered everywhere on the stream, stars glimmered through the soft haze, but still no Rhine boat. Hitherto I had been the only passenger waiting on the quay, but now two ladies appeared, attended by an old, grizzled ser- vant who carried their baggage—only one light portmanteau. Assured that they were still in time for the boat, the travellers seated themselves on the same pile of packing cases, where I had already found a com- fortable nook, and dismissed their attend- ant, who saluted them respectfully and departed. But the man, as he passed me, gave me a strange, searching glance, that seemed full of covert hostility. I met his glance with a smile that was perhaps a little supercilious, for the man seemed to be lashed into a rage, and he half turned toward me, but thinking better of his purpose, what- ever it might have been, slunk away, muttering and probably cursing under his breath. Then I looked curiously at the ladies, who had been attended by this cross- grained fellow. They were mother and daughter, no doubt. The elder woman had a handsome, clever face, which time and probably trouble had rendered stern and worn. The daughter resembled the mother, she was strikingly handsome, but there was a worn and sorrowful look in her face, and her beautiful dark-gray eyes seemed charged with unshed tears. Before long I felt myself in turn the subject of the elder lady's scrutiny, and, strange to say, my appearance excited the same antipathy as with the serving man. A stern, indignant glance was hurled in my direction, and then the mother turned to her daughter with a few earnest words. The girl started violently and our eyes met. Never shall I forget that look; the love, reproach, despair that shone in those beautiful eyes, the magnetic influence of which seemed to penetrate my very soul. Still it was so evident that here was a case of mistaken identity, for the ladies were ab- solute strangers to me, that I determined to clear up the matter, and rising and saluting the pair, I made some commonplace remark in French to the effect that the boat was very late. The sound of my voice, or perhaps the English accent of my French, seemed to break the spell of some delusion. The elder lady replied quickly with a smile and in excellent English; "Ah, you are English after all; we thought we recog- nised a compatriot, formerly known to us. The likeness is remarkable, is it not, Olga?' turning to her daughter. The girl replied with a simple gesture of assent, as if she could not trust herself to speak. Her face had lost the glow of excitement, and had relapsed into its former pathetic calm. The ice was broken. I was soon engaged in an animated conversation with the elder lady, and the daughter was occasionally drawn to join the talk. They were evidently cultivated people, excellent linguists and acquainted with general European literature. In their society, time flew so rapidly that it was some- thing of a surprise when our boat actually drew up to the quay, just, as the midnight bear was tolled out from the great Domkirche, and echoed from all around. The steamer was crammed with fruit baskets, piled high above the deck, leaving hardly standing-room for passengers, of whom, however, there were very few. Carry- ing the light portmanteau of my companions, as well as my own, I led the way to the fore part of the vessel, where a space had been kept clear of fruit baskets. The night was calm and genial, and we agreed that it would be better to camp out on deck than to descend into the saloon, and, arranging rugs and shawls, camp-stools and portmanteaus, we settled ourselves comfortably to continue our talk. Soon the boat was on the move, and we passed away from the twinkling lights of the city, and from the roar and rattle of the trains on the great, latticed railway bridge, into the gloom and calm of the silent river. For a time we looked back upon the huge cathedral towers, touched here and there by silvery flakes of moonlight; but these soon disappeared in the mist of night, and the low and indistinct shores were lost altogether in the hazy gloom. Thus we travelled on, cut adrift as it were from the every-day world—as far as sight and sounds were concerned we might have been sailing half-way between earth and sky. And thus we three, who had been thrown together haphazard on this summer night, seemed loosened altogether from all sense of earthly responsibility, and fell into vague and dreamy talk, discussing and questioning all kinds of theories touching heaven and earth, and the mysteries and problems of life and death. Hours passed quickly away; the light of dawn was already gilding the turbid waters of the river, when we were conscious of an unusual bustle on board. No doubt we were approaching the German frontier, where there is generally some trifling Cus- tom House formality to go through. But this night something more than ordinary was in progress. A strong party of German officials had come on board, and with rattling arms and gleaming lanterns, were making a minute survey of all the passengers. My travelling companions exchanged glances of alarm. The chief of the officials was ap- proaching us, accompanied by the "con- ductor" of the steamer. 'Ah, you have some Russian passengers on board,' said the former in the convinced manner of a German official The elder of my companions put her hand appealingly upon my arm. 'We are lost, my son, unless you can save us." The Prussian officer, tall and stiff, was standing over us, while his companion held the lamp. 'This is an English party!' said the latter apologetically, as if he were introducing some poor, wandering people to the notice of a King. 'Ah!' said the German, sniffing the air suspiciously and majestically. 'How do we know that?' How, indeed! I might plunge into perjury fathoms deep, but could I ever convince this sceptical, iron-framed man that I and my compagnom de voyage were of the same nationality? He would insist on examination of papers, baggage and all the rest; and I should be brought to shame and probably taken off to the guard-house to share the fate of my female friends, whatever that might be. And yet one soft, appealing look from Olga made me think that all this was endurable in such company. And then suddenly it occurred to me, I have a passport. Yes; my mother, who is an old-fashioned traveller, insisted on our having a Foreign-office passport in our joint names when we started on our travels, and there it remained untouched in the note case, where I had first placed it. I sprang to my feet, and politely saluted the official. 'Pardon me, I have a passport.' 'Ha, ha! goot, goot! he has a passport,' said the German, his features relaxing as he examined the document carefully by the light of the lantern. 'Ah, yes, the Graf von Salisbury,' he remarked approvingly, as he scanned the signature. 'Very goot man. So, so, Esquair, and Mistress Esquair, and Miss Esquair—very goot.' It was so much in accordance with the official's sense of fitness, this lucky passport of mine, that the iron man at once relaxed. Yes, he became polite, effusive, especially to the ladies, who bore the ordeal with wonder- ful composure. But it was a great relief when the steamer slackened speed, and the high official and his subordinates disappeared over the vessel's side. Still none of us spoke till the appear- ance of sundry homely, comfortable fellows in the uniform of the Dutch Custom House assured us that we were fairly over the frontier. Then the elder lady, before I could stop her, raised my hand to her lips and kissed it. 'You have saved us from death, or what is perhaps worse, the prolonged torture of a convict's life. The Germans, had they caught us, would have sent us back to the prisons of the Czar.' Yes, they were revolutionists, these pleas- ing, interesting women-refugees from Russia. Husband, son, lover, all had joined the ranks of the secret brotherhood. The head of the family, Count Ipsiloff, was an exile. The son had died upon the scaffold. The fate of the lover was still uncertain. He was Olga's lover, this young man, whose features so strongly resembled my own, a certain Count Loris Malakoff, noble, rich and generous, who had sacrificed everything for the cause. And yet some of the brotherhood suspected him, and as a test he was selected for an enterprise of great peril, the nature of which we need not inquire about. But, on the eve of the appointed day, Loris disappeared; the clue to the whole conspiracy was in the hands of the police; wholesale arrests were made; numerous executions followed, and among them that of Olga's brother, Stephen. But of Loris nothing was known. Only a terrible report had been circulated, on the authority of a prison official who was a secret sympathiser, to the effect that Loris had been the traitor; that his heart had failed him at the last, and that he had given himself up to the police and revealed the whole conspiracy. It was also said that he would be soon liberated, and to save him from the ven- geance of the brotherhood, conveyed secretly, in disguise, probably in the character of an Englishman, as far as London, where, lost in the immensity of the crowd, he might best hope to escape the fate that would sorely dog him as long as he lived. Hence, when the Russian ladies saw the very fac-simile of their former friend on the quay, the sight seemed to confirm the worst suspicion that had been emertained about him. Olga loved him, but she would rather that he should be dead than so dishonoured. She had always refused to believe that he had been a traitor. 'Now,' concluded Mme. Ipsiloff, "I am hoping to join my husband in Holland. He is growing old, alas! like myself, and has been compelled to retire from the active list of the revolutionary band.' They proposed to take ship for America, there to end their days in poverty and exile —they who had been once rich, honored and happy. All this, whispered rather than spoken, in low, earnest tones, produced a profound feeling of sorrow and depression. But just then the sun, which was not far above the horizon, burst out from among the clouds that had hitherto concealed it, and lit up all the surrounding scene. Olga roused herself from her attitude of mournful depression, and, as if inspired by the sunbeams, like the vocal Egyptian statue, burst into song. She had a charming rich contralto voice, and the old Russian hymn that she sang, ad- dressed to the rising sun, was full of pathos and charm. Soon after the town of Nimegen came in sight, quaintly perched upon a solitary bluff by the river bank. A number of people were awaiting the steamer on the quay, and, among them, one who raised his hands and made a peculiar signal in the air. 'Ah, we are awaited here; good friend, we must part, never to meet again." A hurried leave- taking followed, warm pressure of the hand, fervid good wishes. They were gone, and left behind them a blank sense of loss and pain—these people, whom I had known only for a short summer's night. After my companions had left, I remembered little about the voyage down the Rhine, till toward the afternoon, when the conductor warned me, asleep on one of the sofas in the saloon, that Dor- drecht was close at hand. Here I met with a disappointment. The porter of the hotel was awaiting me with a letter from my mother. Bad news had come from England, my sister Bell's fiance had broken or other- wise damaged his leg, and my mother had started with her for home early that morning by way of Brussels, Paris and Dover. Well, there was no need for me to follow them in haste. I would go on to Rotterdam by the steamer and take the boat for Harwick on the following day. It was not till we left the old town far behind, and had entered the maze of waters about Rotterdam—crowded with steamers and gay barges—that I remem- bered that I was vexatiously short of money. I had relied on getting a supply from my mother; and now I found, after searching all my pockets, only just enough, with a very trifling margin, to pay my fare home. In a general way there would be no par- ticular hardship in spending a night out of doors and avoiding the hotel bill in that way. But I was overwhelmed with sleep, having been travelling incessantly for several days, and I longed for nothing so much as to stretch my limbs on a comfortable bed. Well, there were, no doubt, many decent places in Rot- terdam where one could get a bed for a couple of shillings. I took the "conductor" of the steamer into confidence and he at once gave me the card of a kind of boarding-house, where the charges would be quite within my margin. Presently we were alongside the Boompjee, that pleasantest of quays, with its avenues of trees, its solid, old-fashioned buildings, and lively, bustling surroundings. The steamer was at once invaded by a crowd of porters, touts and other nondescripts, and one of the latter seized my portmanteau and made me his chosen prey. I gave the man the card of my hotel, and grunting out 'Ja, Ja!' he led the way to the shore, waving his hand in the air as a signal to somebody on the quay, no doubt, that he had secured a prize. Half a dozen hands were held up in different directions among the crowd, and as we passed along the quay my attendant was joined by two other men who helped him to carry the portmanteau. We passed along several narrow, tortuous streets, we crossed a canal or two of dark and uninviting appearance, and at last, turned into a gloomy, handsomely carved gateway, and stopped before a heavy, massive door, let into a kind of arched recess adorned with carvings of floral and heraldic emblems. The door was opened by an old woman, with an elaborately-wrinkled face, who was busy with brooms and mops and pails. My conductor led the way up- stairs— up a narrow, curving staircase all done in red distemper, and reminding one of the com- panion-ladder of a ship—up we went higher and higher, the stairs becoming steeper, narrower, and more gloomy at every stage. We came to a pause at last, and, pushing open a door, my porter led the way into a large, bare room—bare of furniture that is, for the ceiling was richly decorated, and the panelled walls were adorned with fruit and flowers finely carved, but much hacked and defaced. There were tables all along the room, covered with oil-cloth, where one or two groups, seemingly of emigrants, were sitting with bags of provender beside them, drinking beer out of huge mugs, and discuss- ing bread and onions, cheese and garlic, with much apparent relish. In one comer of the room sat a family group of careworn, homely people, who seemed to be in charge of the establishment. A woman was mending stockings; another was at work with a sewing machine; chil- dren were busy over their lesson-books; and a pale and studious-looking youth, with spec- tacles, was making entries in a big book. To this last my conductor addressed himself, evidently upon the subject of my sojourn there. I should have liked to join in the conversation but the pale youth spoke only Dutch. Thus I was very much at the mercy of my nondescript porter from the quay, who seemed to be taking carte blanche as to arrangements for my reception. The young man in spectacles looked puzzled, undecided; but at last he handed a key to the porter, who, forthwith, in a triumphant manner, shouldered my portmanteau and led the way up more flights of stairs, ever growing darker and steeper. Then we came to a really handsome chamber, panelled and carved like the other, but much more elaborately furnished; vel- vet couches, gilded chairs, mirrors, sconces, clocks, all kinds of bric-a-brac cumbered the room, leaving just space enough for a table and a few practicable chairs, and two mas- sive box bedsteads, each occupied by two enormous feather beds. These last two pieces of furniture attracted my attention most. There was not the vestige of any kind of accessories in the way of sheets, pil- lows, or bolsters; but the feather beds were deliciously soft and inviting. Dismissing my managing porter with a gratuity, which, for a wonder, he received without grumbling, I locked the door with the huge key, and, kicking off my shoes, jumped into the middle of the feather bed. Next moment I was fast asleep. I awoke with a start and a strange night- marish feeling about me. It was midnight, and all the clocks in the room were chiming the hour, one after another, in every variety of tone. But late as it was, the narrow street below was full of life and noise. Never had I heard such a babel of sounds rising up in the middle of the night, such shouting and laughter; street music, songs from sailors' taverns, a roar of voices every where—everywhere, that is, but in this par- ticular house, which seemed as silent as the grave. My room must have been seven floors above the street; but the houses opposite were equally tall, and every floor of them was lighted up and wide awake, and doing its best to swell the general uproar. Just in face of my window a supper party was going on, all in full dress, with choice dishes and flasks of wine and liquors of every imaginable shape. The sight made me hungry; I was weak indeed, and exhausted from hunger, for I had tasted nothing since breakfast, and yet I had probably slept away all chance of getting anything to eat. It was a strange chamber, this of mine; there was no bell-pull or other means of communication with the world below—plenty of gilt chandeliers, but no candles, nor gas, nor paraffine lamp, nor even matches. There was just light enough from the street to show me the way about the room, and I made for the door, intending to rouse some- body to give me supper, or, anyhow, lights. The roam opened upon a narrow landing, and another door should have given entrance to the stairs, but that door was locked. Then I began to think I was in a trap. Yet surely they were honest people, those down below. The mild young man in spectacles, the industrious house-mother, had not the stamp of thief or murderer on their brows. The locking-up was accidental, per- haps, or we will say the custom of the country. I shook the door, but it was firm and solid, I listened intently at the crevices. Not a sound was heard. And—yet—yes—as I listened I heard from far below the measured tramp of footsteps on the stairs. It was a ghostly, eerie sound, muffled and soft as the footsteps mounted stage by stage. The sound scarcely increased; footsteps muffled and soft, and yet with a regular rhythmic beat, as if many were treading a kind of military march. Perhaps they where ghosts after all—the burgher guard out of some old picture march- ing to supper in their former quarters, or Rembrandt's night watch stepping boldly out of the canvas. The footsteps stopped on the landing just beneath me, and no doubt passed into the room immediately below. After all, it was perhaps only a friendly party who had come to sup together. Anyhow they could have nothing to do with me. I returned to my room, locked the door, and took a seat by the window, feeling a sense of companionship and security in the noisy street, and the lights from people's windows. I think I must have dozed in my chair, for when I roused myself the street had become perfectly quiet, lights had gone out, and the whole city seemed to sleep. Three o'clock rang out, most dismal and depressing of all the short hours. I could hear no movement in the floor below; but then the timbers and beams were thick and strong, and little sound could penetrate. Then I certainly heard a sound, dull, and distant, as if a number of people, sitting in company, had risen simultaneously, slightly pushing back their chairs. The noise some- how appalled me. It was as if a jury had risen and were about to deliver their verdict. But what had that to do with me? But there was a decided stir and movement below, and creeping to the door to listen, surely I heard footsteps ascending the stairs to my landing. Not so many footsteps this time, but still enough. The door of the staircase was unlocked and opened cautiously and footsteps advanced softly to the door of my chamber. From my post of observation I could hear the slow, regular breathing of five or six men, after which there sounded a knock upon the door, gentle, yet distinct. 'What is your business?' I demanded, in a voice I tried to render firm. 'Ouvrez!' was bellowed forth for sole answer. The knock was repeated; a regular 'som- mation,' in fact, and the delay gave me the opportunity of hastily piling some furniture as a barricade; but after the third summons someone threw himself heavily against the door. The screws of the lock gave way and the door flew open, scattering my barricade in all directions. I made for the window with the wild notion of raising an alarm, when I was seized, flung down and knelt upon by half-a-dozen men. But after the first attack no further violence was used than was necessary to secure me. A lamp was brought into the room, and while held in the chair by two or three pairs of powerful hands, a number of men came for- ward, one by one, and examined my features attentively. They were dark-bearded men with strange, earnest, wistful eyes—not cruel- looking men but rather tender and humane, you would have said—but they all shook their heads and shrugged their shoulders as they passed by as if to say that there was a hopeless case. The last of all to pass me in review was one whose face I recalled at once as that of the old serving-man at Cologne. Then I understood what all this meant. These conspirators mistook me for Count Loris, the traitor and spy, whom I was said to resemble so much. This man from Cologne had no doubt come on by rail in much less time than the steamer had taken, and had prepared his friends for my arrival. And then this trap had been laid. But not for me, I recognised joyfully, and cried out with full assurance: 'Ah, you are all mistaken, gentlemen; I am not the man you seek. I am an English- man. See my passport.' To my horror the only reply was a general pitying smile. 'We knew that you would say that,' re- plied one. 'Ah, that you should have sunk so low!' Protests, threats, entreaties, all were of no avail. They did not leave me long in doubt as to their purpose. Choosing a ponderous beam with a strong hook affixed to it, convenient for their purpose, a noose was soon dangling therefrom. 'Courage, my friend,' said one of the men who held me, feeling that my frame trembled. 'Courage, it is but a short journey, and will soon be over.' Short as the journey may be, it is still a dreadful one. I tremble even now as I think of that moment, and yet, terrible as it was, I only sought to prolong it. 'Give me half an hour to prepare for death,' I begged, 'if you insist on murder- ing me.' It was acknowledged that the request was reasonable, and those about me seated them- selves apart, while one or two of the hum- bler members of the party knelt down, and repeated a prayer or two in Russian. The time of delay passed away, and again there was a general movement in the room as all present rose to their feet. Just at this moment a rosy streak of dawn flashed through the windows, lighting up the whole grim, fearful scene; a beam of sun- light stretched athwart the room and again, as if inspired by the morning light, a clear, sweet voice from far below trilled out a stanza of the strange, wild Russian hymn. 'It is Olga,' I cried, 'bring her to me.' Said a grave voice; 'Yes, that is just, they loved each other; let them bid an eternal adieu.' Then I knew that I was saved, although I heard no more; for, overcome by all the terrible experiences of the night, all my per- ceptions seemed to desert me. When I came to myself I found that, two women were bending over me chafing my hands, bathing my temples and moistening my lips with some aromatic cordial. 'He will do now," said the voice of the elder Russian lady. 'Come Olga, they are waiting.' 'Adieu,' whispered Olga, bending over me: 'forgive us and forget us.' And then she softly pressed my forehead with her lips. 'Adieu forever,' and she passed away. That evening I found myself in my mother's drawing-room in Kensington, giv- ing her, and my sister, and her lover, a full account of my continental adventures; but keeping carefully to myself my connection with the revolutionary party. The other day by the way, I came across the old serving man accidentally in the Strand. He stared as he recognised me. 'Yon need be under no apprehensions now, monsieur,' he said: 'all has been cleared up about the poor Count Loris. He died in prison and would not speak a word. And now we revere him as one of the noblest of our martyrs; and Mademoiselle Olga is happy, quite happy.' But the old rogue would not reveal the secret of her whereabouts, and was quite im- pervious to bribes. —All the Year Mound. 