THE ARGONAUTS OF NORTH LIBERTY. TiY BRFT HARTK. Autfc< r cf " 1 lie I tick ct Hcati: g Camp" "The lii.id U bum'y b«u,'' ' lu the Cui<iuiut2 Woods, ic. CHAPTER V. Tht last note of the Angelus had just riiog «Lt (jf the crumbling fissures in the tower tl the Mission Chapel of San Baeuaventura, The sun, which had beamed that day, and indeed eveiyday lor the wholu dry reason, over the red-tiled roofs of that old and happily ventured pueblo, seemed to broaden to a smile aB it dipped below the horizon, as if in undiminished enjoyment of its old practical joke of suddenly plunging the Southern California coast in darkness without any preliminary twilight. The olive and fig trees at once lost their characteristic outlines in formless masses of shadow; xtnly the twisted trunks of the old pear-trees in the mission garden retained their grotesque shapes and became gruesome in the gathering gloom. The en- { circling pines beyond closed np their serried files; a cool breeze swept down from the coast range, and, passing through them, sent their day-long heated spices through the tower. If there was any truth in the local belief that the pious incantation of the Angelus bell had the power of excluding all evil Influence abroad at that perilous hoar within its audible radius, and comfortably keeping all unbelieving wickedness at a distance, it was presumably ineffective as regarded the innovatory stage coach from Monterey that twice a week at that hour brought its question-asking, revolver-persuading, and fortune-seeking load of passengers through the sleepy Spanish town. On the night of AngUBt 3, 1856, it had not only brought but set down at the Posoda one of those passengers. It was a Mr. Ezekiel Corwin, formerly known to these pages as "hired man" to the late Squire Blandford, of North Liberty, Connecticut, but now a shrewd, practical, self-sufficient and self-asserting unit of the more cautious later Californian immigration. AB the stage rattled away again with more or less humorous and open disparagement of the town and the Posoda from the outsiders, he lounged with lazy but systematic deliberation towards Mateo Morez, the proprietor. "I guess that some of your folks here couldn't direct me to Dick Demorest's house, could ye ?" The St nor Mateo Morez was at once perplexed and pained. Pained at the ignorance thne forced upon him by a cabaUero ; perplexed as to his intention. Between the two he smiled apologetically bat gravely, and said, •• No sabe Stiior. I 'ave not understood." ' No more hev I," returned Ezekiel, with patronising recognition of his obtuseaess. " 1 guess iz heow you ain't much on American. A'cu folks orter learn the language if you kblbilate to keep a hotel." •But the momentary vision of a waistlesa woman with a shawl gathered over her head and shoulders at the back door attracted his attention. She said something to Mateo in Spanish, and the yellowish white of Mateo's ejes glistened with intelligent comprehension. "Ah, posiVtutunte; it is Don Ricardo Deforest you'wish?" Mr. Ezekiel's face and manner expressed a mingling of grateful curiosity and some scorn at the discovery. " Wa'al," he said, looking around as if to take the entire Posada into his confidence, " Way up in North Liberty, where I kem from, he was alios known as Dick Demorest, and didn't tek any forrin titles to his name. Et wouldn't hev gone down there, I reckon, 'mongst free born Merikin citizens, no more'n aliases would in court—and 1 kinder gness for the same reason. But folks get peart and sassy when they're way from hum, and put on ez many airs as a buck nigger. And so he calls hisself Don Ricardo—does he?" "The St nor knows Don Ricardo ?" said Mateo politely. *'Ef yon mean me—wa'al, yes—I should say so. He was a partiklar friend of a man I've known since he was knee-high to a grasshopper. TINNNN " Ezekiel had actually never teen Demorest butonce in his life. He would have scorned to lie, bat strict accuracy was not essential with r * * * • " " - • nphis house, .. . But the Seiior Mateo was again politely troubled. The TI,„ house i.„ of 1 Don I->—D:—J Ricardo was of ' a troth not mote than a mife distant, it was! even possible th'at the St nor had observed it above a wall and vineyard as he ame into the pneblo. Bat it was late—it waa also dark, as the Senor would himself perceive—and there was still to-morrow. Tomorrow—ah, it waa always there! Mean- » hile there were beds of a miraculous quality at the Posada, and a supper such as a caballero might order in his own houte. Health, discretion, solicitude for oneself—all pointed clearly to to-morrow. What part of this speech Ezekiel understood affected him only as an innkeeper's bid for custom, and as such to be steadily exposed and disposed of. With the remark that he guessed Dick Demoreat's was "a good enouph hotel for him," and that he'd better be "getting along there." he II „ l , a , A. I < 0 .„ r . ? — _ walked down the steps, carpet-bag in hand, and but smiling cMlly departed, on the doorstep. leaving Mateo pained, "An animal with a pig's head—^without doubt," said Mateo>, sententioasly. "Clearly a brigand with the liver of a chicken," responded his wife. The sufcjest of this ambiguous criticism, happily oblivious, meantime walked doggedly back along tbe road the stage coach had just brought him. It was badly paved and boliowed in the middle, with the worn ruts of a century of slow undeviatine ox carts, and the passage of water during the rainy season. rudely opened by ridTud''crowbaiTInd finished bythe gentkauxIU^arcW^ture of bird and eonvrela ^ ^imMMrmitted^Hmiw* nfl n f S M r ^ i o f a T T w of a P & T e d £ a £ i i T l velvet trovers 7/d crL^n-b^ed^serTpt whose brown face was partly hidden ma yellow nimbus of ciTaret^ smoke. Even in the semi-darkness, Ezekiel's penetrating and impertinent ejes took eager note of the-e facts with superior complacency, quite un mindful, after the fashion of moat critical travellers, of the hideous contrast of his own long shapeless nankeen duster, his stiff halfclerical brown straw hat, his wisp of gingham necktie, his dusty boots, his outrageous carpet bag, and his straggling goat-like ueard. A few looked at him in grave discreet wonder. Whether they recognised ia bun the advent of a civilization that was destined to supplant their own ignorant, sensuous, colourful life, with austere intelligence and rigid practical improvement, did not appear. He walked steadily on. As he passed the low arched door of the Mission Church, aud saw a faint light glimmering from the side windows, he had indeed a weak human desire to go in and oppose in his own person a debased and idolatrous superstition with some happily chosen question that would necessarily make the officiating priest and his .congregation exceedingly exceedinelv Mc^Sar- uncomfortable. Bnt he resisted, partly in the hope of meeting some idolater on his way to Benediction, and in the guise of a stranger seeking information, dropping a few unpalatable Popery with his adoption of a Spanish surname and title. It bad become quite dark when he reached tbe lone wall tbat enclosed Demoreat's premises. The wall itself excited his resentment, nOt only as indicating an «xclasivenes8 highly objectionable in a man who had emigrated from a free State, but because he, Ezekiel Corwin. had difficulty in discovering the entrance. When he succeeded, he fouad himself before an iron gate, hapDity open, lint savouring offensively of feudalism and tyrannical proprietorship, and passed through and entered an avenue of trees scarcely distinguishable in the darkness, whose mysterious shapes and feathery plumes were unknown to him. Numberless odours equally vague and mysterious were heavy in the air, strange and delicate plants rose dimly on either hand ; enormous blossoms, like ghostly faces, seemed to peer at him from the shadows. For an instant Ezekiel succumbed to an unprofitable sense of beauty, and acquiesced in this reckless extravagance of Nature that was so nnlike North Liberty. But the next moment be recovered himself, with the reflection Abat it was probably unhealthy, and doggedly approached the house. It was a loop, one-stoned structure, apparently all roof, vine, and pillared verandah. Every window and door was open; the two or three grass hamn ocks swung emptily between the coloirns; tbe bamboo .chairs and eetteeB were vac-ant; his heavy footsteps on the floor had summ n -d no attendant; not even a dog hid barked as he approached the house, it was shiftless, it was sinful -it boded no good to the future Demorcct. He put down bin carpet-big on the verandah eni<>rr-d the broad liall, where sn ola i^-hioned lantern was burning on a #tand, Here, too, the doors of the various apartments were open, and the rooms themselves empty of occupants. An opportunity not to be loBt bv Ezekiel's enquiring mind thus offered itself, tie took the lantern and deliberately examined the several apartments, the furniture, the bedding, and even the small articles that were on the tables and mantels. When he had completed the round —including a corridor opening on a dark courtyard, which he did not penetrate—he returned to the hall, and set do -vn the lantern again. " Well," said a voice in his own familiar vernacular, "I hope you like it." Ezekiel was surprised, but not disconcerted. What he had taken in the shadow for a bundle of scrapes lying on the floor of the verandah, was thereeumbent figure of a man who now raised himself to a sitting posture. Ez to that," drawled Ezekiel, with un- Bhaken self- possession, " whether I like it or sot ez only a question betwixt kempany manners and truth-telling. Beggars hadn't oughter be choosers, and transient visitors like myself needn't alluB speak their mind. But if you mean to signify that with every door and window open and universal ehifc- IcssnesB lying round everywhere temptin Providence, you aint lucky in havin a fellowcitizen of yours drop in on ye instead of some Mexican thief, I don't agree with ye—that's all" The man laughed shortly and rose up. In spite of his careless yet picturesque Mexican dress, Ezekiel instantly recognised Demoreet. With his usual instincts he was naturally pleased to observe that he looked older and more careworn. The softer, sensuous climate had perhaps imparted a heaviness to his figure and a deliberation to his manner that was quite unlike his old potential energy. " That don't tell me who you are and what yon want," he said coldly. ••Wa'al, then, I'm Ezekiel Corwin, of North Liberty, ezused to live with my friend and yours too, I guess—see in' how the friendship was swapped into relationship- Squire Blandford." A slight shade pasBed over Demorest's face. " Well," he said, impatiently, " I don't remember you: what then ?" " You don't remember me; that's likely," returned Ezekiel, impertnrbably, combing his straggling chin beard with three fingers, " but whether its nat'ral or not, consideriu' the iukumstances when we last met, ez a matter of op-pinion. You got me to harness up the hoss and buggy the night Squire Blandford left home, ana never was heard of again. It's true that it kem out on enquiry that the hoss and baggy ran away from the hotel, and that yon had to go out to Warnboro' in a sleigh, and the theory is tbat poor Squire Blandfoid mast have stopped the hoss and baggy somewhere, got in and got ran away agin, and pitohed over the bridge. But seein' your relationship to both Squire and Mrs. Blandford, and all the sukumstances, I reckoned you'd remember it." I heard of it in Boston a mocth afterwards," said Demorest drily, " but I don't think I'd have recognised you. So you were the hired man who gave me the baggy. Well, I don't suppose they discharged you for it." "No," said Ezekiel, with undisturbed equanimity. " I kalkilate Joan would have stopped that. Considering too, that I knew her when she was Deacon Salisbury's darter, and our fam'lies waz tbinfc az peas. She knew me well enough when I met her In Frisco the other day." " Have you seen MXB. Demorest already ?" said Demorest with sudden vivacity. 41 Why didn't you say so before ?" It was wonderful how quickly his face had lighted up with an earnestness that wis not. However, without some undefiuable uneasiness. The alert Ezekiel noticed it, and observed that it was as totally unlike the irresistible dominance of the man of live years ago as it was different from the heavy abstraction of the man of five minutes before. " I reckon you didn't ax me," he returned, cotlly. " She told me where you were, and as I had business down this way she guessed I might drop in." " YCB, yes—it's all right, Mr. Corwin; glad you did," eaid Demorest, kindly but half nervously. " And yon saw Mrs. Demorest '>. Where . , , you - ,, 8ee faer „' - aad . how did - - you - -- ,. think think sna she was w&£ looking? looking' As AH ntvthv pretty An as MTAP ever, ! AI^I , ... , „ ,. , 1 BBut the coldly literal Ezekiel was not to be j beguiled into any polite or ambiguous fiction. | . _ . , . kin judge aorn more credit to her stock and raisin' ranin gin'rally," inn nil v. he h« said, aaid thoughtfully thn>«rhf.fniiir combing his beard, "and I've seen her when she was tco poor to get the silks and satins, furbelows, fineries and vanities she's flauntin' in now, and that was in Squire Blandford's time,' too, I reckon. Ez to her purtiness, that's a matter of taste. Ycu think her pnrty, and I guess them fellows ez was escoran* and squirin' her* round Frisco thought so too, or she thought they did to hev allowed it." " You air uufc wry merciful to your townsfolk. Mr. Corwin," said Demorest, with a forced smile; *' but what can I do for you?" It was the turn for Ezekiel's face to brighten, or rather to break up, like a cold passionless mirror suddenly cracked into various amusing but distorted reflections on the person before him. " Townies ain't to the_Person before him. /'Townies ain't to be/ooled by other townies, Mr. Demorest; nf laoef fVi o f AI«V«M«* -j IHA« <*<«•»»* L. u. «least that ain t my idea o marcy, he, he. you my business. I'm the only agent of Seventeen Patent Medicine Proprietors in Connecticut, represented by the firm of Dilworth & Dusenberry, of San Francisco. Mebbe you heard of 'em 'afore—A 1 druggists and importers. _ Wa'al I'm openin a field for 'em and spreadin' 'em gin'rally through these air benighted and onheolthy districts, havin' the contract for tbe hull State— especiall for Wozun's Universal Injin Panacea ez cures everything—bein' hid from a recipe given by a Sachem to Dr. VVOZUI Wozun's gran'ther. That bag—leavin'out said . i-hand manne r » *' rd advise you to adopt a little a ° d a li " le J eB « criticism in Sour speech to the people about here, or I'm afraid 5 ou ' n need tbe Universal Panacea for Better m e / bav _? "sen kalkUate generally to speak my huU miud- S " ^ Zf?^'conseqLnce? Why, ^ e find! aintafeard to speak my A k""der guess I'm iS^S * b 2 afc M 70 !™'. Folb8 u d ° n t ^ t r u c k l e s to em, whether ^fr,8^?, of ciple, When they ft re-cognise box ? f PEzekiel ^ 9K » Corwin P™ aint going to lie about 'em to curry favour with 'em they're ready to believe he £iat going to lie about Jones' Bitters, or Wozun's Panacea- And. wa'al, I've been on tbe road just about a fortnit. and 1 haven't yet discovered that tbe original independent style introduced b/ Ezekfel Corwin ever broke anybody's bone3 or didn't pay." And he told the truth. That remarkably unfair and unphasant spoken man had actually frozen Hanley's Ford into icy astonishment at his audacity, and he had sold them an invoice of the Panacea before they had recovered ; he had insulted Chipitis into giving an extensive order in bitters; he had left Hay ward's Creek pledged to Burne's Pills—with drawn revolvers still in their hands. At another time Demorest might have been amused ^at ^ bis u-guest's gUe fi a audacity, u d a f o or r b have ? vs S° mba , ted lt w » th imperiousness, but he only remained looking at him in a dull sort of way as if yielding to hig influence. lo was part of the phenomenon that the two men seemed to have changed character since they last met, and when Ezekiel said contireplied hurriedly. "Yes, certainly," and, taking up his gaest's cirpet bag, preceded him throagh the hall to one of the apartments. "I'll send Manuel to you presently," he said, putting down the bag mechanically, " the servants are not back from (Jaurch, it's some Saint's festival to-day." " And BO you keep a pack of lazy idolators they worship craven images," said Ezekiel, delighted at this opportunity to iinpro/e tils occasion. "If my memory isn't bad, Mr. Corwin,' said DemoreBt dryly, " when 1 ascompiuied Mr. Blandford home the night he returned from his journey, we found </ou at Church, and he had to put up his horse himself." "But that was tiie Sabbath—the seventh day of the command," retorted Ezekiel. " And here the Sabbath doesn't consist of only out day to serve God in," said Demorest sentciitionely. ' Ezekiel glanced under his white laehes at Demorest's thoughtful face. His fondest fears appeared to be contained ; Demorist had evidently become a l*u]iist. lJ.it that ^entif man stopped any tiie-.logicai discussion liy tie abrupt enquiry :—" Did Mra. Demorest tu> when she thought ot returning?" " She allowed >1)3 mout kem to-morrow— but.'' added Ezekiel,dubiously, "But what?'' " Wa'al, wot with her enjymente cf the vanities of this life and the kenip&ay; sbe fcejepr, I reckon she's ic no hurrv," said Etzkie'a cheerfully. The entrance of Manutl here cut short any respoiite from JAeaiortat-, who, afcer a few directions in Spanish to the p-ou, left his gli*-st to himtelf. He walked to the verandah jvith tbe same dii'I preoccupation that Ezekiel iiid noticed at ec djflerspt from hiB old decisive manner, and remained for % few moments abstractedly gazing into the dark garden. The strange and mystic shapes which had impressed even the practical Eztkiei had become even more weird and ghost-like in the faint radiance of a rising moon. What memories evoked by his rude guest seemed to take form and outline in that dreamy and unreal expanse ? He saw hiB wife again, standing as she had stood that night in her mother's house with the wbit^ muffler around her head, and white face imploring him to fly ; he saw himself sgain huirjing through the driving storm to Warnboro', and reaching the train that bore hip swiftly and safely miles away—that same nipht when her husband was perishing in the Snellen river. He remembered with what strangely mingled sensations he had read the account of Blandford's death in the newspapers, and how the loss ot his old friend vias forgotten in the associations conjured up by his singular meeting that very night with the mysteriouB woman he had loved. He remembered that he had never dreamed how near and fateful were these associations, and how he had kept his pro mite not to seek her without her permission, until six months after, when she appointed a meeting, and revealed to him the whole truth. He could see her how, as he had seen her then, more beautiful and fascinating than ever in her black dreBP, and the pensive grace of refined suffering and restrained pasBion in her delicate face. He remembered, too, how • the shock of her disclosure — the knowledge that she had been his old friend's wife, seemed only to accent her purity and suffering and his own wilful recklessness, and how it had stirred all tbe chivalry, generosity, and affection of his easy nature to take the whole responsibility of this Innocent bnt compromising intrigue on his own shoulders. He had had no selfaccusing sense of disloyalty to Blandford in his practical nature j he had never suspected the shy, proper girl of being his wife; he was willing to believe now, that had he known it, even that night, he would never have seen her again; he had been very foolish; he had made this poor woman participate in his folly': but he had never been dishonest or treacherous in thought or action. If Blandford had lived, even he would have admitted it. Yet, he was guiltily conscious of a material satisfaction of Blandford's death, without his wife's religious conviction of the saving graces of predestination. They had been married quietly when the two years of her widowhood had expired, his former relations with her huBband and tbe straitened circumstances in which Blandford's death had left her having been deemed sufficient excuse in the eyes of North Liberty for her more worldly nnion. They had come to California at her suggestion " to begin life anew," for she had not Hesitated to make this dislocation of all her antecedent surroundings as a reason as well as a condition of this martiage. She wished to see the world of which he had been a passing glimpse; to expand under his protection beyond the limits of her fettered youth. He had bought this old Spanish estate, with its near vineyard and its outlying leagues covered with vriid cattle, partly from that strange contradictory predilection for peaceful husbandry common to men who have led a roving life, aud partly as a check to her growing and feverish desire for change and excitement. He had at first enjoyed with an almost parental affection her cbildith unsophisticated delight in that world he had already wearied of, and which he had been prepared to gladly resign for her. Bat as the months and even years had passed without any apparent diminution in her zest for these pleasures, he tried uneasily to resume his old interest in them, atd spent ten months with her in the chaotic freedom of San Francisco hotel life. But to his discomfiture he found that they no longer diverted him; to his horror he discovered that those easy gallantries in which he had spent his youth, and in which he had seen no barm, were intolerable when exhibited to his wife, and he trembled between unquietude and indignation at the copies of his foimer self whom he met in hotel parlours, at theatre*, and in public conveyance. Tbe next time she visited some friends in San Francisco he did not accompany her. Though he fondly cherished his expeiience of her power to resist even stronger temptation, he was too practical to subject himseif to the annoyance of witnessing it. In her absence :ly ; his scant imagidisturbing picture ol actually Q^^UJ knew. In his recent questions of Ezekiel he did not expect to learn anything more. Even his guest's uncomfortable comments added no sting that he had not already felt. With these thoughts called up by the unlcoked-lor advent of Ezekiel under his roof, he continued to gaze moodily into the garden. iS'ear the bouse were scattered several uncouth varieties of cacti which seemed to have lost all semblance of vegetable urowtb, and had taken rnde likeness to beastB and human figures. One highehonldered specimen, partly hidden in tbe shadow, had the.appearance of a man with a cloak or scrape tbrown over his left shoulder. AB Demorest S wandering eyes at last became fixed upon it, he fancied he could trace the faint outlines of a pale face, the lower part of which was hidden by the folds of the scrape. There certainly «"j fas the forehead, the curve of the dark ejebiows, the shadow of a nose, aud of even the as eyes he looked upturned more to steadily, the moonlight. a glistening „ sudden chill seized him. It was a horrible fancy, but it looked as might have looked the dead face of Edward Blandford! He started and ran quickly down the steps of the verandah. A slight wind at the same moment moved the lone leaves and tendrils of a vine nearest him and sent a faint wave through the garden. He reached the cactus; its fantastic bulk stood plainly before him, but nothing more. " Whar are ye runnin' to?" said the enquiring voice of Ezekiel from the verandah. " I t&ought; I saw some one in the garden,' 1 returned Demorest quietly, satisfied of the illusion of his senses, "bat it was a mistake." "It mout and it moutn't," said Ezekiel, drily. " Thar's nothin' to keep any'one out. It's only a wonder that you ain't overrun with thieves and eicn like." " There_ are usually servants about the place," said Demorest, carelessly. " Ef they're the same breed ez that Manuel, I reckon I'd almost as leave take my chances in the read. Ef it's all the same to you [ kalkilate to put a pay tent fastener to my door and winder to-night. I alius travel with them." Seeing that Demorest only shrugged his Ehoulders without replying, he continued— ''Et ain't far from here that some folks allow is the head-quarters of that cattle-stealing gang, The driver of the coach went ez far < z to say that some of these high and mighty Dons hereabouts knows more of it than they keer to tell.-' " That's simply a yarn for greenhorns," said Demorest contemptuously. "I know all the ranclie proprietors for twenty leagues around, and they've lost as many cattle and horses as I have." " I wacter know," said Ezekiel, with griin interest. "Then you've already had uonsid'ble losses, eh? I kalkilate them cattle are vally'ble—about wot figger do you reckon yer out and injured ?"' " Three or four thousand dollars, I suppose, altogether," replied Demorest shortly. "Then you don't take any stock in them yer yarns about the gang being run and protected by some first-class men in 'Frisco said Ezekiel, regretfully. " Not much," responded Demorest drily; " but if people choose to believe this bluff gotten up by the petty thieves themselves to increase their importance and secure their immunity they can. But here's Manael to tell us supper is ready." He led the way to the corridor and courtyard, which Ezekiel had not penetrated on account of its obscurity and solitude, but which now seemed to be peopled with peons and household .servants of both sexes. At the ecd of a long low ceilinged room a table waB spread with omelettes, chupa, cakes, chocolate, grapes, and melons, aroaaa which half a dozen attendants stood gravely in waiting. The size of the room, which to Ezekiel's eyes looked as large as the church at North .Liberty, the profusion of the viands, the six attendants for the host and solitary guest deeply impressed him. Morally rebelling Blandford's servant in waiting at table, and had always made his solitary meal on the kitchen dresser, was not above feeling a material _ satisfaction in sitting on equal terms with his master's friend and beins served by these menials he despised. He did full justice to the victuals, of which Demorest parcook in sparing abstraction, and particularly to the fruit, which Demorest did not touch at all. Observant of his servants' eyes fixed in wonder on the strange guest who had just disposed of a second melon at supper, Demorest could not help remarking that he would lose credit as a mcdico with the natives unless he restrained a public exhibition of liis tastes, " Ez ha' aw ?" queried Ezekiel. '•They have a proverb here that fruit is gold in the morning, Bilver at noon, and lead at night. "That'll do for lazy stomicks," said the unabashed Eztkiei. "When they're once i? n, , Jones's bitters and hard work, they 11 be able to tackle the Lord's nat'ral gifts of the airth at any time." Declining the cigarettes offered him by i/cmorest for a quid of tobacco, which he gravely took from a tin box in his pocket, and to the astonished eyes of the servants apparently obliterated any further remembrance of the meal, he accompanied his host to the verandah again, where, tilting his chair back and putting hi? feet on the railing, he gave hime<*]f up to nnwonted and silent rumination. The eilepc WSB broken at last by Demorest, who, half reclining on a settee, had once or twice glanced towards the misshapen cactus. Was there any'trace discovered of Blandford othc-r than we knew before we left the States?" " Wa'al, no," said Ezekiel, thoughtfully. "'The last idea was that he'd got control of the hoss after i assin' the bridge, and had managed to turn him back, for there was marks of bupgy wheels on the enow on the far sido, and that fearin' to trust the hoss or the bridge he tried to lead him over when the brid&e; gave way, and he was caught in the wreck and carried off down stream. That would account for his body not bein' found ; they do tell that chinks of that bridge were picked up cn the Sound Beach near the mouth o" the river, nigh unto sixt? miles away. That's about the last idea they had of it at North Liberty." He paused, and then cleverly directing a stream of tobasco juice at an accurate curve over the railing, wiped his lips with tbe back of his band, and added, Blowly, "Thar's another idea, bat I reckon it's only mine. Leastways I ain't heard it argued by anvbody." " What is that ?" asked Demorest. "Wa'al, it ain't exakly complimentary to E, Blandford, Esq., and it mout be orkard for yoti." " I don't think you're in the habit of letting such 1 tr5flM trifles interfere with your opinion," " said DemoreBt, with a slightly forced laugh, "but what is yoar idea ?" " That thar wasn't any accident." " No accident ?" replied Demorest, raising himtelf on his elbow. _" Nary accident," continued Ezekiel, deliberately, "and, if it comes to that, not much of a dead body either." "What the devil do you mean?" said DemoreBt sitting up. " 1 mean," said Ezekiel, with momentous deliberation, . "that . E. Blandford, , of the . , Winnipeg Mills, was m March, oO, ez nigh bein bust up ez any man kin be without actually falin ; that hed been down to Boston that day to get some extensions; that old Deacon Salisbury knew it, and had been pesterin' Mrs. Blandford to induce him to Bell out and leave the place ; aud that the night he left he took about $250 in Bank bills tbat tbey alius kept in the house, and Mrs. , Blandford was l i t in the habit , . - o' hidin' ,,— in — the \--- breast pocket of one of his old overcoats wthe_closet. Imean thatthat air money and that air overcoat went off with him, ez Mrs. Blandford Knows, for I heard her tell her ma about it. And when his affairs were wound np and his debts paid, I reckon that the $250 was all there was left— and he rcooted with it. It's orkard for you— ez I said afore—but I don't see wot on earth you need get riled for. Ef he ran off on account of only $250 he aint a coin' to run back again for the me r e matter o' vour mar- rying Joan. Ef he had—he'd a dene it afore this. It's orkard ez I said, but the only orkardness is your feelin'e. I reckon Joan's got used to hers." Demorest had risen' angrily to his feet. Bnt the next moirent the utter impossibility of reaching this man's hide-bound moral per ception by even physical force hopelessly overcame iiim. It would only impress him with the effect of his own disturbing power, that to Ezekiel waB equal to a proof of the truth of his opinions. It might even encourage him to repeat this absurd story elsewhere with his own construction upon his reception of it. After all it was only Ezekiel's opinion—an opinion too preposterous for even a moment's serious consideration. Blandford alive, and a petty defaulter. Blandford above the earth and complacently abandoning his wifeacdhometoanother. Blandford— pernaps a sneaking, cowardly Nemesis—hiding in the shadow for future—impossible. It really was enough to make him laugh. He did laugb, albeit with an uneasy sense j that only a tew years ago he would have struck down the man who had thus traduced his friend's memory. " You have been over- taxing your brain ir patent medicine circulars, Corwin," he said in a rough rallying manner, "and you've got rather too much high falutin and bitters mixed with your opinions. After that yarn of yours you must be dry. -What'il you take.' I haven't got any New England rum, but I can give you some ten- year-old ayuardientc made on tbe place." As he spoke he lifted a decanter and glass from a small table which Manuel had placed in the verandah. **I guess not," said Ezekiel drily. "It's now goin' on five years since I've been a consistent temperance man. 1 ' " In everything bat melons, and criticism of your neighbour, eh ?" said Demorest, pouring out a glass of the liquor. *' I hev my convictions," said Ezekiel with affected meekness. " And I have mine," said Demorest,'tossing off the fiery liquor at a draught, " and.it'a that this is devilish good stuff Sorry you can't take eon;e. I'm afraid I'll bav? to get you to excuse me for a while. I have to take a ride over the ranche before turning in to see if everything's right. The house is 'at your disposition,' as we say here. I'll see you later." He walked away with a slight exaggeration ot unconcern. Ezekiel watched him nar- rowly with colourless eyes beneath his white lashes. When he had gone he examined the thoroughly emptied glaES of aguardiente, and taking the decanter sniffed critically at its sharp and potent contents. A smile of gratified discernment followed. It was clear to him that DemoreBt drank. Contrary to his prognostication, however, Mrs. Demorest did arrive the next day. But although he was to depart from Buenaventura by the same coach that Und set her down at the gate of the casa, he had already left the houte armed with some letters of introduction which Demorest had generouslv given him to certain small traders in the pueblo and along the route. Demorest was not displeased to part with him before the arrival of his wife, and thuB spare her the awkwardness of a repetition of Ezekiel's effronteiy in her presence. Nor was he H illing to have the impediment of a guest in the house to any explanation he might have to seek from her, or to the confidences that hereattcr must be fuller and mutual" For wiihaTl hie deep'affeTtion for his wife, Richard forest unconsciousiy feared her. The strong man, whose dominanca over men and women alike had been his salient characteristic, fell an undefinable sense of some unrecognised quality in the woman he loved. He had once or twice detected it in a tone of her voice, in a remem- > bered and perhaps even once idolized gesture, I or in the accidental lapse of some bewildering word. With ths generosity of a large nature he had put the thought aside, referring it 10 j some selfish weakness of his own, or—more fatuous than all—to a possible diminution ot his own affection. He was standing on the steps ready to receive her. Pew of her appreciative sex could have remained indifferent to the tender and touching significance of his silent and subdued welcome. He had that piteous wistfulnets of eye seen in some dogs and the husbands of many charmiog women—the affection that pardons beforehand the indifference it has learned to expect, i She approached him smiling in her ! turn, meeting - the - sublime -- patience 0f • being unloved with the equally resigned ' patience of being loved," and feeling that comforting sense of virtue which might become a bore, but never a selfreproach. For the rest, she was prettier than ' ever; her five years of expanded life had ! slightly rounded the elongated oval of her I face, filled up the ascetic hollows of her I temples, and freed the repression of her! mouth and chin. A more genial climate had quickened the circulation that North Liberty had arrested, and suffused the transparent beauty of her skin with eloquent life. It seemed as if the long protracted northern spring of her youth had suddenly burst into I a summer of womanhood under those gentle skies; and yet enough of her Puritan precision of manner, movement, and gesture remained to temper her fuller and more exuberant life ' and give it repote. In a community of pretty i extravasancc of tbe epoch, she always looked like a lady. He took hsr in his arms and half lifted her up the last stip of the verandah. She resisted slightly with her characteristic action of catching his wrists in both her hands and holding hira cfi with an awkward primness, and almost in the same tone that she had used to Edward Blandford fire ^ tars before, laid, "There, Diok, that will do." i ! ; ; , I Various sea captains are now trying to see who can discover the most and the largest icebergs in the path cf the steamers bound for Liverpool. A berg three miles long, and 600 feet high, is the last chunk of ice reported, but the next will be half a mile longer, and have a Polar bear sitting on the I highest point, t^ , — j Xliey had not been married long, ana nut ; made her own pastry. One night she thought she heard a burglar in the bouse. " I think,'' she whispered, "he's in tbe pantry, John." " All right," waa the practical reply, born of exueriimce experience : "just iust wait till he lip has hua pitun catena ?» bit of your pio, aud then I'll get utj and put a finishing touch to bim." Beautiful," said the drummer. " Sixty birds in two hours, and only missed two shots." Aijuiet gentleman sitting ia a corner of the hotel cliice put down his pajier, ruahtd across the rocin, and grasped him warmly by the hacd. ^ -j 4, 1 l ow lii0 to congratulate you, he said ; I am a professional myself." " rVnfppsinnal ifppninnal FI pvortefnan'! nrffman ? 'No; profes- ' sional liar." I 