THE COMING RACE. (With apologies to the admirers of the great Authors.) FIGGINS We had partaken somewhat hastily of lobster salad and Cliquot at the solemn hour of 12 p.m., and feeling" that it was not beneficial to our constitution to be continually sliding off the chair and replacing our editorial body on the same again, we were persuaded to adjourn ourselves to the private domain dedicated to Morpheus, and recline upon the couch of innocence and slumber. Strange dreams came " acrpss our benumbed brain, and in the morning we awoke with the following confused ideas :— Before our eyes we beheld a dark continent, which appeared to be a mass of nothing, and on it there were little specks which we dreamed were towns. And behold nobody seemed to know anything about the dark portion of the land all their knowledge being confined to the specks shewn on the foregoing picture. And at this moment a strange creature appeared unto me. He was thin in faoe and had a look of despair, and I said unto having a lobster supper ? " him, 4 f Have you been He merely waved his head to and fro whilst he placed his hand upon his stomach and said nothing. This explanation having been substaniated, we at once proceeded to interview him, the journalistic instinct being strong upon us even in my dreams we said to liim " Oh, stranger why are you so lean and hungry looking ?" And he said :— " I am an unfortunate example of the past and present mis-government.' 5 And we queried :— t f How is this, and what has caused your distinction He replied thus :— " Oh stranger believe me, I and others have been oppressed and trampled d:>wn by an unfortunate circumstance. " An unfortunate circumstance" we queried',- ff How is it that tliat you vou Una find yourselt yourself m this predicament ?" And the lean one replied :— " We are an oppressed race, everything we venture to do, is put a stop to, and our every effort is stopped, we have had even up to the present, dreams of future prosperity, but the UNFORTUNATE CIRCUMSTANCE is not willing, SO we have had to be content to collapse and resume our o.riginial number." At this point he groaned inwardly, but as there was no flesh on his bones we could distinctly hear the sound. ff And what has been your number so far ?" we asked, i f A mere cypher,'• the skeleton replied. Wbere have you been ?" we questioned softl; " Up at the Goldfields," came the answer. " Up at the Goldfields ?" we queried, with an uneasy feeling of dissatisfaction, " and pray what £ THIS IS THE DARK CONTINENT THIS IS THE THIN CREATURE. ^ THIS IS THE UNFORTUNATE CIRCUMSTANCE. has made you a skeleton in that land of plenty ?" The only answer on the part of the lean and hungry one, was to take up a glass which reposed gracefully upon the mantlepiece, and lifting it carefully in his night claw, he pointed with his Jeft to the word :— " What," we gasped, struggling still with the effects of the supper, " is that the cause of all your trouble, can't you get any ?" With a smile this phanton of misery replied, " there is none there, and we can obtain no assistance. We must still remain as of old, dead to the world—but perhaps in the dim misty future—We may ! We may ! ! " At this point, the ghostly visitant vanished, and I turned on my other side and went to sleep. Was it ordained by fate or by the new Dean that we were never to a single moment of quiet repose ? That we cannot tell, but our disturbed brain forced us 'ere morn to see another vision. We heheld instead of a dark continent which was branded " Desolation," a bright and prosperous land, there we also beheld new and wonderful beings animated by success and ruled by a reasonable Governor, not pompous and vain glorious, such as the one seen in our nightmare, but one looking after the interests of those he governed. And instead of ghosts crying aloud for water, and decaying both in health and pocket from the want of the same, we beheld artesian wells, and the land well irrigated. Everything was prosperous ; railways encircled the land in their web of rails, the telegraph was everywhere, goldfields aud coal and other mines were opened up, home industries were established, harbour works were built and large ships lay in our waters, everybody was busy and — At that moment the wife of our bosom woke us up and said " what are you tearing the bed to pieces for ? you've been dreaming/' "Dreaming!" we said—oh!—ah! doubt but yes—no " I shay, my friend, ven are you goin' to pay me that little five bob you owe me?" asked Iky Mo. "Why, I paid you last Saturday," said Brown. " Robinson, here, saw me do it." " Oh, I beg pardon, I'm sure; I'd forgotten all about it. Very sorry that I didn't recollect it." "Sorry you didn't re-collect it P Yes, I daresay you are" ejaculated Brown. # # # # # # # # " I know that's it's naughty to swear, missis, Lord knows how hard I tries ; But it's really too much to bear, missis, With soap in both my eyes." WATER. THIS WAS THE CAUSE OF IT. 