GALLERY N0TES.JX Tho Government keeps it bills in ordore like a row of skittles. As soon m one has been sent over another is put ia its place, and whin tbe time for it to be knocked down comes round again it is equal to th occasion and ready for the ordeal. Or capsizing each in torn ono is not worn our before the other, and in course of time they bocomo reedy for a kind of spontane ous dissolution, and drop to pieces Uke tbe deacon's ono-horos shay. This is just what it is with tbe Government bills. As soon as one hot been advanced a stage another is taken tip, and by tho time that tho turn for the flnt to be considered oomos round again its provisions have been almost forgotten. Tho same debates take place, the old arguments ore adduced, points of order as numerous as 8onday drinks aro raised, and the measure is left practi cally in the somo conditi on as it was when it was originally token up. Tho practice is convenient to tho occupants of tho Ministerial benches. By adopting thu mark timo sort of legislation thoy can keep members going for a fall session i they can make a show of having introduced bills dealing with every jwint of their alleged policy, and gratified beyond measure themselves that they are not passed into law; they can throw the whole blame on to tho Opposition and indulge in poreonal congratulations that they will really bo able to go to tho country with what Graham Berry used to call a good cry. This is as applicable to the Land Tax' Bill as it ia to everything else. There is no doubt that there is a lot of sham, a lot of unreality, about this blii. It's a ques tion whether Ministers core much whether Ifc !a niuv! or not. Were it not that something must lie dono to make up the deficiency which has bcon caused by the abolition of tho ml valorem duties, the are that it would never be heard of more. Tho bill provides for a tax of a half-penny in the pound on the unimproved capital value of all land in the colony, with an exemption of £500, Should tuo bill get safely through tbo other Uouio, the tax will bo mado payablo before the end of uext September, for the half-yoar beginning on July 1. And from this new Eourcco! revenue tho ciftod Barns expects to realise something liko Xli 70,000 for the first half year, and so on for overy other similar period. This will provldo sufficient to make up for tho ml valorem, and to pay for the maniging of tbo Civil Survlco which has been going on quiotly and un noticed for tho Lntt few months. Burn did sot condescend to offer any remarks on tbo financial position of tbo country in order to show that this increased taxation was required. This was tho ground ot objection taken by tho Opposition. If this monoy was necessary to carry on the country some explanation, it was urged, should bo made, and some indication should be given of tho purposes tor which it was intended. Noses having boon counted, and tho position of tho Govern ment having been found to bo perfectly rale, no explanation of tho kind was vouchsafed. The relations between Mr. Ncitd aud tho Government aro nothing liko so cordial as thoy used to be. Tae Premier and tho member for Paddlngton don't Eire with arms, interlocked about tho ouio. ratkes has given np growing envious of tho double-end akewer with which NcUd adores the ccntro portion of his cmniaTtuff, antf calling him confi dentially his own sweet Joy. And Ncllil in bis turn has ccasod to decorate his rooms with almanac omamoata of Parkcs, or to graco bis drawing-room with statuea of iho only hut aitchless statesman. Whatever tbe Adelaide Exhibition is tvspcnsihlo for, as far as anybody clso is concerned, is not for u to say, but there Ect'SiB littlo room to dislieileve tho rumour that it has worked wonders with tho mind of Nuild. His courtly presence, his charming demeanour, his exquisite loveliness, his long detailed explanations ore not now on tho side of Parkcs. as they used to be. He wouldn't stand up for eight hour to speak till tbo Premier arrived to give a vote; if ho was asked to keep on his feet for eight minutes he'd consider it a bore, and would wont to know why Parkcs hidn't been made a South Sea Islander or a Madagascar idol. But last night Neild had a howling com plaint to make, and to give it proper form and surround it with appropriate trial ho let it off surrounded with an amount of humour enough to make an ostrich ecreaxa. And this was it. The member for PAddington has showd that he is not inclined to be bound hand and fret and tied by tho moustacbo to tbo coat-tolls of tho Government. This ac cordingly bos sent tho Premier as wild as a scared bearer. Ho can't staud It; ho wen t stand it; he will Iks revenged. And to revenge himself on Neild ha send him every morning after he ventures to havo a shot on liis own account, u letter thu (ite of n bran bag demanding tho returns iu connection with tho Adelaide Exhibition money. This ia occasionally varied by a communication from the Colonial Treasurer, reminding him of tho fatu of the gentleman who threatened to iump headlong from a prccipiao and not hurt himself. This tho honorable, but humorous, member took 35 minutes to explain, looked liko a coincidence. It aliur st drove Ityrie into making a i«eeb, but be was perauaded by Kelly to poitpooo it for a few days longer. So Ute dcbito went oc. Abigail ex plained how he had onco thought of going on the stage, and had taught some cy-i lashes two incheslong, to run tho part of the chiif robber in a Richardson's show. Care ful consideration made liim chango hi mind, however. Hamlet, ho felt, was moro in hi line, although personally bo had a partiality for the ghost. When afterwards lie went on tour and was billed tbe first night for Maebetb,ho found on reaching the town that it hod bocomo a deserted city. The mystery to him now was where were tho people 't The question ho had not 6olved, but howauld bo prepared to give a specimen of his " Homlick " as soon as a sufficiently open space could be found on the floor of the Chamber. YViso dived into tho Opposition, and forgot that he was not still a Minister, and Garrett camo hter with a defence of tho bill. According to tho Minixterof Lands tho conditional purchaser wiUroumuntuolcstedundcrlhcprorifiionsof this bill. H docs not seem to havo been tbo original intention, but aa there is hj strong a feeling that a man who perhaps has paid only a few bhillinga off his c.p. property should not havo to pay tuxes, as though he were un absolute owner, the Go- Government has found that tho bill can be changed. Itwosnotthointention of Minis ters to permit its principles to bocouio any firmer than a pieco of wet blotting paper, and tho Mil could therefore (readjusted to suit uny amendments which could camuund a majority. 