Police Court. THURSDAY, APRIL 5th 1888. (Before the Police Magistrate) There were no custody cases. SUMMONS CASES. Julia Mary Morgan v. Maggie Dean.— This was a summons case on information laid against the defendant Dean for using obscene language in a public thoroughfare and which was liable to occasion a breach of the peace. Mr. Webb appeared for the complainant and Mr. Thompson for the defendant. Defendant pleaded not guilty, Mr. Webb explained to His Worship that this case was not brought forward solely on account of the words stated in the in- formation, but because the defendant had repeatedly used abusive language towards com- plainant and had in many ways been unneigh- bourly.— Mrs Morgan deposed that she lived in Pye- street ; the defendant lived there also; the language referred to was made use of on Sunday morning about 9 o'clock ; was going up to see a friend and had to pass defendant's house ; when passing defendant came out and said something about some springs and also asked how Minny was (referring to the friend that she was going to see); did not reply to these questions ; she then said 'you can tell her to take care of herself or I will knock her head off ;' witness laughed when this was said and afterwards the language referred to in the summons was used, reference was made by defendant to something Mrs. Thoms had said ; went up to Mrs. Thoms on the Sunday morning to hear what had been said ; did not go there to pick a quarrel with Mrs. Thoms ; defendant said she would break my —— head ; I still continued to laugh at her, but at last could not stand the language she used ; Mrs. Doxey was the only other person present at first. To Mr. Thompson: I am sure Mrs Thoms did not hear what was said ; we went to her house as we heard that she had been saying something about Mrs. Doxey; I have not sent offensive letters by a boy named Campbell to Mrs. Thoms; I am on good terms with my neighbours and am not always quarrelling with them ; defendant spoke to Mrs. Doxey and myself when she threatened to break our heads ; defendant had not told me not to come to her house again ; I used to sleep there for company, but the friendship was broken, for what cause I do not know ; my husband is not here to-day. To Mr. Webb : This is not the first time defendant has threatened me ; Mr. McPhillamy the solicitor wrote to her about two months ago, and he told me she had acknowledged that she was wrong ; I threatened to proceed against her for abusive language. — Minnie Doxey deposed that she was with complainant on the Sunday in question, when defendant ran out and threatened to knock their —— heads off ; she had a broom in her hand and said if they did not hold their tongues she would put the broom-handle down our throats. To Mr. Thompson : Mrs. Thoms was outside and we were talking to her at the time ; she could have heard all that took place ; I am intimate with Mrs. Dean, and she has told me that defendant has called out to her ; com- plainant is not on friendly terms with her neighbours ; defendant has called out offensively to me. To Mr. Webb : Complainant does not live on unfriendly terms with all her neigh- bours. — Defendant, Julia M. Morgan, deposed that on the Sunday in question complainant and Mrs. Doxey were passing down the street and came to her front door and kept singing out 'come out here, you long slab,' witness did not go out then, but as she passed out to the kitchen she saw the two at the gate ; complainant again called her out, saying she was a coward, witness told them to go home, as Sunday morning was no time to kick up rows ; she then went in, and did not use the words complained of ; she did not go off her own premises and did not have a broom in her hand ; complainant used to sleep in witness' house. but for some reason she forbade her coming to the house, and since then she had frequently caused her annoyance by calling out to her and sending offensive letters by a boy named Campbell; witness had never been at a court before ; she received a letter from Mr. McPhillainy, and she went to see him ; she paid him 3s., but when her hus- band came he told her not to pay the remainder, and she did not, although the solicitor had threatened to send a summons. To Mr. Webb : I did not see complainant before she came with Mrs. Doxey ; I had the children sick with the measles, and did not open the door or go into the street at all ; I did not ask Mrs Doxey to come round and have it out — I never spoke to her except in the way I have said. To the P.M.: I received information that complainant had made some reports about me and then told her not to come to my place again ; I did not tell her the reason. To Mr. Webb : I have not quarrelled with the rest of my neighbours. — Mrs. Thoms deposed that she heard complainant abusing Mrs. Morgan— calling her a slab and a long ghost; witness did not see any broom, and did not see defendant outside at all, except at her back door ; all she said was that Sunday was no day to quarrel ; witness had not quar- relled with her neighbours ; she could hear all that took place, and had frequently heard com- plainant call out to defendant. To Mr. Webb : I am not the one that caused all the trouble ; I have not carried any tales between the parties ; I don't know what they first fell out about. — The P.M. said that there was not sufficient evi- dence before him to show that if the words were used they were used in a public place. 