Cricket Notes. By St. Ivo. The first match of tho season between tbo Launcsston and the St. Leonards Clubs took place on, itho Association Ground last Saturday. The day was the pink of por fection for cricket, and Curator Airey quite surpassed himself in presenting a truly batsman's wicket. Sidebottom, captain of tho Saints, was favored by dame fortune in winning the toss, and made not the least demur in telling his opponents that his side would first wield the bat. That the new senior club was detormiued to make hotter headway than they had yet exhibited was an acknowledged thing, but to the few who were present at the match tho stand that they did make occasioned unusual surprise. Sidebottom, accompanied by Johnstone, led off, and the runs came with alarming rapidity, and juat as it appeared as if Sidey was set for a century he had the misfortune to spoon a ball which was easily negotiated, and he retired for 23 runs made in less than as many minutes. II. Wilson filled tho breach, and was just shaping when Johnstone found one from J. Savigny too good for him. Two wickets down for 41 as the familiar form of tho veteran Dedmau was seen issuing from the pavilion. Not one present anticipated what was to follow the companionship of these two batsmen. From tho start they both put the wood on, and for fully an hour and a half the L.C.C. were treated to a leathor hunting bout, demons, J. and W. Savigny, and the brothers Sams were all tried as bowlers, and it was noc till the fine total of 141 had been registered that Dick Sams found his way to the vetoran's stumps. Dedman made 52, and although inclined to ' pull ' occasionally, his hitting was' clean and hard, and he well deserved the reception accorded him upon his return to the pavilion. It was not long after that II. Wilson came to grief, 55 being his score. His iniiincrs was a Hnfi disnlav nf hnf.t.Snrr hard hitting — being particularly sweet on the leg side — and patience combined, and ho was loudly applauded for the good work he had put in. J. Wilson 18, Chalmers 18, Bagley 21, — Sidobottom 11 not out, and C. Campbell 19, all played well. Tho last named was a new-comer that I have not had the pleasure of seeing;before, and from his stylo there is splendid material to de velop into a first-class cricketer. W. Savigny gained the best bowling average for the L.C.C. demons had very bad luck, four chances for wickets being missed off him. The fielding all round was fairly good. But 242 runs is nn excellent total to have in hand, and it remains to be seen how the L C.C. will fare to- day in the task placed before them. The St. Leonards are weak in the bowling department, and with such a wicket as that of last Saturday, the L.C.C. should be hard nuts to dispose of for less than tho number of runs set them to wipe off. At any rate, the young club has done well, and no doubt it will encourage them to persevere in the stand they have taken up as a senior club, and no one will grudge them any successes they may achieve during the season. Close by on tho Cornwall Ground 18 of the City were playing 11 of the Esk, the latter having far from its strongest team. The juniors won the toss, and soon had the seniors in a corner, playing the bowling op posed to them without fear, and scoring well. The City made 199 before being dis posed of. Syinons was tho batsman of the day, he having made 51 runs without the ghost of a show. He is a left-handed batsman, with good defence, and plays well all round the wicket, Roles, 47, still keeps up his reputation as a run-getter, and on Saturday he hit vigorously, Tho Esk lost two wickets for 51 runs. Rock, as usual, wns the salvation of his side, playing confidently and well, and if time had permitted the senior team would have found it no easy tusk to win, as tho juniors, elated with their efforts, bowled and fioldod excellently the short time they were in tho field. The juniors, with more play on the Corn wall ground, will do much better ; it only requires a little practice upon the turf wickets to convince their senior brethren that there is first-class talent in the junior clubs, and the sooner tho senior clubs are convinced of this fact the better for them and the game all round. 'United we stand divided we fall.' Such was the outcome of the club that re joiced under the name 'United,' They made a very fair show at the beginning of this season, but, alas, they have now gone defunct, a notice of disbandment having been filed on the association rceords. It is a pity that members, when onco starting with a club, cannot remain firm and do all in their power to promote their club's in terest and tho interest of the game ; yet I suppose 'tis thewayof the world,'ond junior cricketers are not an exempt class in the matters. ... Mr J. G. Davies who was'in Launceston on Tuesday last to assist in welcoming the Victorian and New South Wales contin gents of riflemon took advantage of bin visit to consult with Mr Rock on the selec tion of o team of Tasmanian cricketeri L go across the straits shortly . T]le fol lowing 12 were selected :-T. Kendall K Burn, G. Gatehouse, Vautin, T. R n v Maxwoll, C. W. Butler, C. W iffi h,' Savigny, W. Sidobottom, H. Wil'son f! q Pennelather. The final selection of tj,« eleven wil bo made by the s,uno gen l'. men. If Vautin cannot go M' Allan will take his place and act as wicket-keeper The Tasmanuuis will play Victoria on the KM.O. Ground on Boxing and following days, and will play Me Melbourne Or St Club first eleven on the Melbourne Cricket Ground on January 4 and 5. ,Ac° n'0?,'- °'C!uut'from Creasy signing him self Bailor has written to mo in connec tion with my remarks on the reeuiit mutch and other matters in Launeoston but owing to pressure on space tliis week I am compelled to hold over my reply until iibxg 