WINDSOR SCHOOL OF ARTS. v? (to THE EDITOR.) i"r ?' SIR,-" In the name of the Prophet Figs ! used to say that veteran old politican, Dr. Lang, when he was particularly amused at some of the antics of his fellow members in Parliament. And I, Sir. may well ask, in the name of the prophet, who is " Progressive Committee-man ?" There was a committee meeting held on Monday night, and though earnestly enquired after, the progressive one didn't turn up-which, to be true to his name, one would have thought he shoud have done, seeing that there had been no committee meeting held for three months. The members present on Monday night, were curious to know what manner and make of man was their progressive associate; and where most anxious to hear him expound upon his notions of progress and School of Arts reform. Alas! the five (only five after a lapse of three months!) were sadly disappointed, inasmuch as there was plenty of matter for a progressive spirit to go to work upon. However the five didn't take the sulks or give up the ghost in despair on account of the progressive one's absence, but buckled to like men and did their level best to wipe off some of the arrears, and so make up for lost (shamfully j lost) time, and strange to say, they actually did I more real work without the clever one's presence, I than has been done at any committee meeting-or ' all of them, for the matter of that-during the year. Wfth much of what ?' a Progressive Committer man " says, I agree with, but there was no need for him to find fault with adverse criticism, because it is only just; and we, as a committee MUST be held respohsible in any great measure, for the present stdle^jl. Jthings-even for. the faults of others alth^gh it may come rather rough upon indi vidual members (possibly " a Progressive Com mitteeipan " as well) who have endeavoured to the best tJf their abilities to do their duty. Neither, Sir, was there any need-nor is there any foun dation whatever for his assertion-of his saddling us with the charge of insolvency. The School of Arts is.NOT " tottering on the verge of insolvency " as the end of the year will show. I think a respectable balance in the Treasurer's favour; no er how the money has been raised, there it , . ...J>e-unless we spend it all in such improve ments as are sadly needed. A.nd even then we should not be insolvent. We owe no money, and for years past have always had a balance at the end of the year. Truth is truth and should be spoken without mincing matters or without shirk ing; but when "a Progressive Committee-man" even hints at " putting the baliff in," he talks not only nonsense, but libel, and reveals the fact that he really knows nothing at all about the affairs of the in^itution of which he calls himself " a Pro gressive Committee-man." Yours, &c.;, COMMITTEE MAN, No i. Windsor, 15th November, 1888. 