OHAPTEB IX. DBIYEN BEYOND HIMSELF. Behold the two snugly esoonsed in a va cant corner ol the great saloon. Here and there are other couples ol groups; but; long stretches ol bright crimson sofa intervene, for mostTtf the ladies "have "taken-io-tbeit. state-rooms, Many of them mil not be visible daring the voyage. The lamps swing back and forth suggestively. There is a sub dued manner ot conversation; the sound of Blapping cards on the long tables; the rattle of dice; the long, monotonous slough of the sea-wind outside; thesteadydash ol tain and salt spray against the windows; now and then a harsh or a musical laugh, as the luck Is lor or against the player. " How snug this Is for a tete-a-tete," said Dunniston, pushing his ourls back with jioth hands and leaning lazily with his elbows on the table. " And how blaok it is outside— ngh 1 Do yon ever dread trouble on the water, Miss Laura?" " No, Why should I ? It is too fatiguing to bother one's head with dread and misgiv ings. Besides I come ol a raoe of soldiers. We Poles&rejnot; a timid people,though lor the the time conquered. There is only one thing to be deplored—in my own case I ought to have been a man." " Oh, so, Miss Laurardon't say that!" he responded quickly,looking at her with a bright smile. Ton -had better be a woman and con quer men. "Wdl, I wait for your lorahip to go on," i she said, laughing. He started at sound of the title. " Have you heard it J" he queried, lilting his head. " Have I heard it ? What ?" "This!" . He took the paper from his pocket, and pointed to the paragraph. " Bead it," he said, qnietly. ' She did re«d it, and Tory quietly. Her color deepened, then vanished. She looked up rather coldly, and eaid : " I congratulate yoa,Iiord Danniiton.". " Thanks; but pray don't be so very civil, or 1 shall think I have lost by my title." *l I cannot help it," she said, quietly "At this moment 1 ieel leagneB Irom yon. You are my lord," she added, with a stately bow. "Oh.come,now,Thai'snonsense. To be sure Fm «lord, but it's an empty title after a!f. Y:hi ^n'tt.^Wrdid i'jt; w-hc'o r.ulicC An iinpeonnio'DS liocd is worse off than an im poverished privatefcenttemah."' «I am so aoity youmistfed the rieb bride," she said, smiling alittle,though herhlaegrty eyee really had tearsin them. "What do you meant" lie asked, looking op. ■ " But foe that unfortunate latter Isolene woald have come; and any one can tell what the sequel would have been. Ah, laolene eas queen it right royally. And then she is so beautiful. " There are others quite as beantifal," he said, coolly, . "But the money—themoney I Ah, how, we all love it 1 I don't disguise the faet frota myself. Ton havelearnedto know how out spoken I am. My poor little fortune of fire hundred a year seems at time so contemp tible. Not but that I have learned to live within it." ■ . " Five hundred a yearhe said to him self. "I nOTerthonght she had hall that" . - - Her eyee, so eool, and deep, and bright, her varying oolor, toade bier seem very attrac tive. • _ : "I shall haveto toiiveln a cornerof my castle and eat mash lor breakfast, cooked by my solitary domestic, .'who must also be my palet,■=jcia&be; ahofeop. toduet and cobweba." "Iaitvery nice?" asked Miss Laura, her blue gray eyes from their depths {of feeling growing more and more dangerous. " That depends upon-what 'nice' means. The house itself is rather a grand one; it is of gray stone. Too drive through an old gate-way, one of the-finest things, into a court. _ The house is extensively terraced sits high, and^ presents an imposing front. Too may Imagine toy numbs of flna mulli oned windows, long and narrow—also all sorts of ancient statuary that surmounts the roof and arches. There are too, plenty of chimneys of the picturesque order, doors, arohes, buttresses and oriel' and other win dows. I can tell you it's a fair sight lighted up on ad ark night^-but I shall never be able to light it—it would oost all I am worth to furnish candles! Think of that 1" and he laughed harshly. " It must be grand indeed—even without the candles," stud Mibs Laura,drawing a long breath. " And now the inside, please." " Oh, that's all very fair. I don't think I've seen anything like it in America, though Americans furnish well. But there's a sort of antique splendor about our great drawing rooms—-though now they • will remind me a little of hotel parlors. But we're proud of our pictures. Lord Dunniston gave almost fabulous prices tot pictures; it was his weak ness. By the way, if they rgo with thei house, I might live off them for a few years." " What do you mean ?" she asked curi ■ously. " I can sell one picture at a time, and live on the proceeds till they are all gone." "You will live just like all themen,extrava gantly; whether you have muoh or little; that's what you mil do." \- " Well, how am X to help it 1 Do you think f would bring a wife into such diffi culty ?" " Not unlegs she could economize for you." "True; and if she couldn't, why I could starve her out, you know, in tine.' " Horrible I" "We might- live very eozUy together in some convenient spot, and play Cupid among thfe roses, you know; but what of our wretched tastes ? How could we exist with out society ?" ',0h, delightfully 1" cried" Miss Laura. " Isn't all society hollow and empty- hearted? Haven't you found that out ? Now to live in Arcadian peaoe and simplicity—to try to atone for all our tins and follies by leaving the miserable exacting world—it wouldn't be bo bad," Bhe added, smiling. "To atone 1 No, by heaven! I never thought of that 1" he muttered, with an al tered countenance. " Miss Laura, could I do it, do you think ? I've been an intensely wicked man." "I wonder who else would dare to say that !" she queried, good-humoredly. " But 1 have—and there are some things there are some things," he repeated, absently, as if she were not listening," that cannot be atoned for," " " Oh, no; don't utter bitter things against yourself. Whatever you said, I should not believe you—whatever you hadilone,!should forgive you." . She had no thought of the wonderful ten dencies her voice expressed, just than, Smitten with a sudden remorse, as he was, and a sudden longing to set himself right, it also occurred to him as suddenly,what injury he might have done to this girl, eo gentle and beautiful in appearance, so appaxett^ un conscious of what eyes and even lips con fessed. Driven beyond himself by some power without or within, thrilled by by the sweet magnetism of eyes and lips, he laid one hand on hen, so soft and white, but as suddenly -withdrew it with a" look of horror. Would he never lose tight vii&atlittle; white hand, outstretched beyond the bed ooftaine, so shadowy, eo like the white flakes of ^ally., winter enow f In a moment, however, he re covered himself. «' Miss Laura," he said, impulsively, under the influence of the magic of her eyes. I am a penniless man, and a lonely one. I have been picturing only what is too likely to come to pass, a solitary life in one corner of my ancestraihome. Will you gatfitnibar and keep the ghostB off? Lady Laura," he jnnrmured—«• it has a pretty sotind, has it not? - And—but no; it wouldfbea sin to mew np that sweet, fresh facft among old galleries; and the only vebtoletibtiLhejible to keep will be a velocipede. There's one"' there now, in the stables, if it hasn't got too shabby for use. Ah, now, you are laughing. at me." " Indeed Fa not. Lord Dunnistonit seemed as if she had been practicing on the title; it fell s6 glibly from her lips; "but the pieture of ^the velocipede was too muoh 1 And now, in sober earnest, willingly would I"go with you but lor the thought of—Iso lene." " * • " Oh, bang laolene I" he said, almost with anger, as he rose, and steadied by the " Bat 1! she luUL oome?" " Very well, if she had oome I'U not deny but things night have tamed out differ ently} but as she has chosen hot to trust me"—his face darkened—"and as I am forced to believe yon would have trusted me—" •_ She caught at the hand nearest to her: a look of intense love came tntn lmf "Oh, Indeed, indeed I would 1" she ex claimed, her gray-blueeyea luminous. "Sood heavens, Mr. Dnnniaton, are they looking this way?" % They were looking that way, every variety of expression depicted upon the faces coolly eorutinmng them. ' Miss L»n»1e faoe grew, scarlet, and she withdrew her hand qmckly. JEIe turned round defiantly. i »Xou haveonly to tenihemthat youliave accepted Lord Dniuuston," he paid, quietly, Ageing that witbaraw&l-sow; h$A bwiitiM ibi» ,possiHei-"wUthatdor ™ "Lord Daoniittoo, aee you ture/" she murmured, fsltedngly. • J . " Am I sarin?-wh»t?" "That jotaw In earnest.? That jva will not repent?" "That lam In earnest, yee; that I will not repent—unless you yourself fane me to,* . . LAlon;?, lihijoHns: Hokof love, and D'jpims-,-] ! ton felt compensated. V To atone," hemuttered, as she lelacfc i tolly left him—" to atone} God knows whether than is a chance lor-nfiB, bat X will fey;" ■ Thenhe shivered,- and, moodily enough* foiTa man fast engaged, left the saloon.^. > f ; *■ . 