THE FIRST STEAMBOAT. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir,-In reply to Mr. James Dawson's second letter, which has only just come under my notice, I have to remark, first, that propulsion by paddle-wheels is not the ques- tion-that was not Mr. Miller s invention. Boats were propelled by wheels moved by oxen in the times of the ancient Romans. (See Stuart's Anecdotes of the Steam Engine, vol. I., p 97. ) Mr. Miller employed man- power, in which Mr. Taylor informs us he, being then young and stout, took his share. No wonder if he or any other of the breathless, exhausted fellows should have exclaimed " It needs a steam engine for this. " The question is, Who invented the engine fitted to drive the wheels? and who actually applied such engine of his own invention to propel a vessel? On Taylor's own showing William Symington was that man, and no other. Next, as to the recognition of Taylor's claims. It was not the Royal Society of Edinburgh that granted Mr. Taylor's widow a pension of -50, but the Government through wrongful representations, Lord Liverpool having listened to ad misericordium appeals with respect to Taylor's services and his family's poverty. In 1848 Bennet Woodcroft, professor of machinery in University College, London, published " A Sketch of the Origin and Pro- gress of Steam Navigation from Authentic Documents. " In this work, printed when Taylor's widow and daughters were still living, the rival claims are very fully and im- partially examined. Professor Woodcroft unhesitatingly decides in favour of Syming- ton. Indeed, notwithstanding the suc- cessful experiments of 1788-89, Mr. Miller, and apparently Mr. Taylor, lost their faith in steam navigation, for in 1796 Mr. Miller patented a vessel, the wheels to be wrought by capstans! Moreover, writing to Mr. Taylor, in December, 1789, Mr. Miller expresses the strongest prejudice against Mr. Symington's engine, and instructs Mr. Taylor to have it sold and put out of the way. For- tunately, it was afterwards recovered, put into proper order, and placed in the South Kensington Museum, not with Mr. Taylor's, but with Mr. Symington's name. The latter never lost his faith, but as soon as a patron with money appears, he sets to work and pro- duces the Charlotte Dundas, the first prac- tical steamboat. Woodcroft says: -"This vessel might, from the simplicity of its machinery, have been at work to this day with such ordinary repairs as are now occa- sionally required to all steamboats." And here in Melbourne, our own Professor Kernot and Royal Society, examining the model, declare this marine engine to be of a very modern type, and that William Symington was a long way ahead of his time. Let it once more be noted that after 1789 Miller and Taylor are out of the running. Taylor did some service in bringing Miller and Syming- ton together, and was mixed up with the subsequent transaction, that is all. He never invented or patented any- thing, but in consideration of his services as a promoter, Symington entered into an arrangement to give him a share in any profits which might accrue. Except for Symington, there is a complete break between 1788-89 and 1801-3. If Taylor was the father of steam navigation, he and his employer did their best, after a little pleasuring, to throttle the infant giant. Symington showed he was the true father, by affectionately cherishing the offspring of his brain till the mighty baby was cradled in the Charlotte Dun- das. After, in 1789, dismantling and selling as old iron the engine of the original steamboat, without a word of protest on his part, not a single thing more did Taylor do in connection with steam navigation, till, getting old and poor, he trumped up a claim to be the inventor of the system which is now, by the highest compe- tent authorities, attributed to the ill-used and unfortunate William Symington. In his own lifetime Taylor's effrontery was one of the greatest hindrances to justice being done to the friend of his youth, for a time his fellow student and fellow-lodger; and now,on the occasion of the centenary of this stupen- dous agency in modern progress, when an attempt is being made to honour the memory of the great Scotsman to whom the world owes so incalculable a debt, how sadly strange that the ghost of that old and ex- ploded pretension should re-appear and try to frighten us from placing the wreath of honour on Symington's brows! But the ghost is thin, very thin, and vanishes before the searching light of historical scrutiny.— I am, &c.;, DUNCAN FRASER. The Manse, Northcote, Dec 13. 