THE JE ALOIS LOVER. Between oar house and Farmer Raynor's lay two green meadows. It was curious enough to look across them and see the bright dark green of the grass in one, and the mellow yellow tints of the other. The first, too, was dotted all'over with clover, pink and white, and only now and then a dandelion grew in the other. Bat ween the meadows lay a clump of trees and bushes, and an old-fashioned stile. When the moon was high, and a round silver shield in the dark night sky, I used to go dowp to that stile and sit upon it, looking toward the Raynor homestead. It was long and lot?, with dormer windows on the roof. If, by chance, I saw a light in the one I knew belonged to Eve Raynor's room, I thought my vigil well rewarded; for I loved Eve Raynor as knights in old romance loved their ladies. You'd hardly believe, after that, that I had never touched her pretty band, or said more than " good day" as we passed on the road. Our families were not on visiting terms, and we never met that way. Any other young fellow, smitten as I was, would have managed to know her better somehow, bat I made no cfiort to win my way to her liking. My own fault, then, say you 1 Well, per haps you are right, but true love is always a little feazfnl of itself. Your flirt is bold enough, but when the heart is touched— presto 1 away flies confidence and vanity, and' you say to yourself, " There's nothing in me to like," or " She'll never look at me; what is the use of hoping 2" Yon never saw her; and words oan't tell yon just what she is. Go out into the garden and And a lily among beds of dahlias and Queen Margarets and flaunting poppies, and? you'll know how she looked among other girls. Find a pearl among shreds of broken glass and pebbles,and yon'il know what she seemed" to me in a crowd of other Once she dropped a zed geranium out of her dark hair, and I picked it up from the road by stealth, and felt half afraid to touch it—it seemed so holy. I put it between my Bible leaves when I went home—the most saored place I\ could think of. It is there yet; two red-brown threads and .something that looks like & crisp bit of scorched paper. That was coming from church one Snnday. The next, while I had the flower against my bosom, and was sitting where I could see the BaynorB' pew, whioh was nnder the gallery where the school- children sat, a clumsy imp of a boy let fall his hymn-book over the rail ing. I saw it drop, and then saw her sink forward, and was "beside her and had her oat in the air in an instant, the old man and woman following in a terrible fright. She came to in a moment or so, and after all not hart, for the start, more than the pain, had made her faint. And then I wonld have left; bat charch was oat, and all going home, and the old people would have me take tea with them. They made a fuss about my kindness, too, as thongh any brute could have done less when she dropped like a hart deer. I went home to tea in the wagon, and I sat beside her and talked with her. It was a little foretaste of paradise. I wish I we're a boy again, as foolish and as happy aB I was that night. Well, the iee was broken, and with it, it seeme'd, an old feud between my people and the^ Baynors, about a triangular patch' of ground, not big enough to build on, and too candy to - plant; and the old friendship sprang up again, and mother and Mrs. Baynor took tea together, and chatted when they met. All I thought of was the chance of seeing Eve the oftener, now that we were all on visiting terms^ - I did see her. In a month we were old friends. I did not dare think she liked me much; bat she chatted and laughed with me, and blushed when I looked, at her, as, good manners or not, I had to look sometimes; and though I was brown and burly, with great red farmer's hands and a voice to match my size, sometimes I UBed to think I'd plant my lily in my heart's garden some day, and wear my pearl upon my bosom for life. I You never would have guessed as I ploughed in the great field, or tossed the eoented hay, or yelled to my oxen, the poems that were in my brain, nnder my ehock oi yellow hair. I've read many and many a poet since then, and none ever say of their lady-loves half what I thought about Eve Raynor when I was busy at the humblest work. .1 heard a strain of music once, though, that said it all without a single word, or it seemed so; for I stood listening to it with her hand crushed tight in mine in the shadow. There was some great man or other at the hotel, and they were ser enading him. Apd I felt through her palm, her heart beat like some wild thing. Mine stood still. We walked away after it was done, and I said when all were out of hearing-: ," Eve Raynor, if you ever cease to love me, I shall die f" and bent down to look into her eyes in the moonlight, and found them wet with tears. I used to think no one else ever loved as I did; I know no one loved more. One night, as I was going home (prayers were said at ten at the Raynors', and every one expected to leave at once), I methalf way upon the road, which I had taken beoauBe the long spring rain had soaked the meadows into two green marshes, a young man with a. portmanteau in his hand, lookihg about him with a puzzled sort of way, as though he scarcely knew which path to take. He was, I could see in the moonlight, very handsome and dressed in a style not common in our country place. There was a flash of gold at his fob, and a glimmer of preoions stones on his ungloved hand, and as I came nearer; a faint perfume, such as some girls I knew brought into church with them on their hand kerchiefs. He was a b:g fellow, too. despite all these delioate daintinesses of toilet, and his voice was clear and musical, but a thorough man's voice, when he spoke to me. - " Can yon tell me the way to the Raynor farm-house, sir ? It should be somewhat close at hand, if my memory serves me." " Straight on," I said; " the first house you come to on the right; you can't mistake it." " Thank you," 'said he. " I'ts only fair to tell you, however," said I, "that they are all in bed by this time." He laughed. "Ihad forgotten country ways," said he. " However, if my uncle won't let me in, I'll sleep on the porch, until morning. There used to be a famous porch, with an old bench on it long enough to repose a giant." "It isn't—it can't be little Ned Ware?" cried I. "Not little I"' said he; "not little any longer, but Ned Ware still. And you ?" " I am Theodore Brest 1" " We shook hands then. Years before— two barefooted country boys—who had played in the woods together—friends, as boys will be despite all family feuds. He was Farmer Baynor's nephew, and had. I Temember, inherited "some property, and been sent to a boarding-school. I could scarcely believe that time had altered him so —time and education, and association with polished men. I went back with him to the Baynors', and saw old sleepy Hepsiba admit him. Then I went home, and all that night dreamed strange, wild, jealous dreams of exquisite youths, more perfect than mortal man could be, who won Eve Raynor from me. Ah, me 1 jealousy is an ill weed—once plant , there's no end to it. The dreams came from a thought or two I had hardly been con scious of; and the thoughts remained when the dreams were over. He was her only cousin; but why should she be forever walking with him, talking to him, smiling on him ? Why should he sit be side her in church, holding her book for her and singing with her? Why should he look npon me as a stranger and monopolize her, or endeavor to when I came, as I had so good a right to do, to spend my evenings at the farm-house? Had she told him ? Had any of them told him of our engagement? I doubted it. And he would be there the summer through. It seemed to me I could not bear it. 1 had been so happy sines Eve promised to be mine; now I was wretched. I grew moody, and eat silent in her presence, while he talked in his own pleasant, brilliant way, making ~ the contrast so much greater than it need have been. At last I staid away altogether for a whole week. I thought to pique her by that—to make he suffer something of my pain. I bora the absence from her one Sunday to the next. Then, in the twilight hush of the June even ing I took my way across the meadow. The Sabbath silence was on everything. The far-off chiming of a church-bell dropped its silver into it, instead of breaking the charm. The scent of primroses -filled the air, and the doves in the oote behind' the house murmured musioally. I opened the gate, and entered. Beside the - gate was a little rustic arbor, shaded by strongly wooded vines, ~ The moon lit this place as she arose, and, looking into it, I saw two pictures. _ The first—Eve Baynor standing, a white statue, in -her snowy robes, with Ned Ware kneeling at her feet. The second—Eve Bay-" nor caught to Ned Ware's heart, with a wild, passionate cry of ".My love I my life J" Ere he unclasped his arms, I stood before, them. I called her by a bitter name. Iflungat her feet the ring she had giyen me inex ohange for mine. I said, I scarce knew what, in my frenzy, and strode away .leaving them dumb and motionless;. Half way over themeadowl began to under stand what had befallen me—as we understand great woes at last—and fell upon the long, damp grass as thongh I had been shot. Long past midnight I crept into my bed- • room window, and began to pack a few things in my carpet bag—linen, and a second coat; the stockings knit by my old mother's hands; .the little bible-she. had given me, and my v slender stock of money. Then, oh a sorap of paper, I wrote this note and slipped it tinder my pillow: Leak Mother—Don't think hard of me— do not think I do not love yon. Yon are the only being 1 now love in the world; bat I cannot stay at Elms—I cannot breathe its air. Eve Baynor has jilted me, and I should go mad were I to see ber daily with her .lover, as 1 mast if I remain. : ' I shall take to seafaring life, 1 think, and if I ever find myself better otmy hart, 1 shall come back to yon again. I don't nope it, thongh.' It is too deep and sore. » -God bless yon, and good-by. Your loving son, Theodore Brest. Then I clambered out of the window, and before X took the high road to the car depot, went to the dear old etile to take the last look at Eve's home, over whose threshold, in all human probability, I should never pass again. White as a ghost the moon scudded through gathering clouds, white, in her light lay the farm house, with its sloping roof and dormer windows beyond the yellow field; against the _ background of moonlit wall rose the dumps ' of currant busheB, and the curved outline Of that rustic arbor. About me rote dark-elms, and dank, thick grass. "Only the step of the stile was silver-lit amid the shadows. That and the upper ridges of the bar, and one knot of a dead elm tree. I took it all off npon my heart. -I said: " Heaven forgive her!. He can never love her as I do!" and then I strode away toward the Rtfttinn. It- waa two good miles away, bat the early train bad not arrived when Ireaoh6d the place. I sat down in the waiting-room; bnt for shame I could have wept like a wo man. I heard the ringing of a bell—the scream of a whietle. The train«waB coming. There was a chattering without about sundry trunks belonging to two old women who had just come up in a wagon, and the door of the waiting-room was dang open, and a traveller walked in. ^ \- I lifted my eyes, It was Ned Ware. He was as pale as living man conld be. Despite his triumph, he looked wretched. He paced theiloor for a moment or so, and then stopped and looked at me. For the first time in my life I wanted to kill a thing God made. May He forgive me for it ! We looked at each other in dead silence. Ned broke it. " Where are yon going!" he said. - " What is that to you ? You insult me by speaking to me. Yon have robbed me— let that suffice. It is dangerous to speak to me just now. For Eve's sake I warn yon to leave me." " So / have robbed you ?" he said, with a sneer. " Yes. You know she was mine. I warn you again. Go 1" < He folded his'arms and looked at me. " I am going,'^he said. " The bad within me is straggling to make me go in silence. The good says epeak. I'll try to -obey the good, little as there is of it. Yon are half mad, Theodore Brest. You have seen and heard with a jealous man's eyes and ears. You are not robbed. I wish yon were. I don't deny it. Bat Eve Riynor is yours — not mine*" " I saw her in your arm3," said I. He laughed a bitter laugh. " Listen," he said. " I have only a mo ment ; for I do not wiBh to be left at Elms, and the train is coming. Yon gave me a week. I knew you loved the girl, but I loved her also. I did my best. Last night I ventured all, and lost. She told me you were her betrothed husband, and that she cared nothing for me." Down the road came , the shrieking train; the bell was clanging. He oaught up his. portmanteau. " I clasped her to my heart," he went on. "it was a mad thing to do; but it was an adieu, and against her will. Madmango back and beg her pardon for the words you said 1 It she forgives you, I would give a king dom to take your place. A kingdom ? Bah 1 the world! " Ail aboard!" jelled a voice at the door. «' You believe me ?" he asked. "Gcd hless you—God reward you!" I grasped. But he was gone ere Z eould clasp his hand. * , 1 never forgot him,Nbut I have never seen him since, and it is likely never shall, I went home in the dawning of the day. I tore the note whioh I had written' in frag ments. I knelt down and prayed as I had not prayed since I was a little child, and in the early morning I sought Eve Bay nor. She forgave me, She pitied and under stood me. Ere we parted, our lips met, as of yore, and ere the summer waned, she was my wife. We are old people now, and children tall and strong gather about our hearth at even tide; and the eldest ^of them all, the tall youth yonder, with his mother's velvet eyes, is named Edward Ware. So we christened him in memory of that noble rival who, in his ojvn great grief, had mercy upon mine. 