Notes On My Beat. A pretty kettle of fish seems to he im plied iu that well worn phra-e'Kuropeau Affairs,.' To sum up tbe last week or sn's telegrams, France is 011 the eve of at tacking Italy ; Russia is massing ou her western frontier, and Austria on her east ern. Bulgaria is getting inflamed, aud putting herself on k war footing because the Czar wants to do away with Prince Ferdiuaud. Turkey, of course, out of sympathy with the Russian move, is pet ting ber fleet oud army ready. England seeing that matters must come to a head soou, is ordering more warships to l-e made than she ever did before, and is quite prepared to evacuate Egypt it she may have Turkish rights in the Darda nelles. She will thus be able lo encen 1 trate her tftnrls iu any one direoliou. Of course all this tinieGermany is preparing herself for auy contingency, but it is pro bable tbat tbe far-seeing Bismarck, whose speech you published lately, is right when be says that the complications at present brewing are of ody secondary importance to Germany, as Russia has nothing to gain by fighting ber. What Russia means to do Prince Bismark thinks very evident. She is putting herself ou a war footing as near Constantinople, tbe real core of the Easteru question, B9 possible. When she is ready she will take another pull at the Treaty of Paris, and perhaps by beiDg first in tbe field, obtain her ends against Turkey, England and Bulgaria comhined. Russia is prepared even now to deluge India with troops, and sbe can choose her own time in preparing for the eand coup tbat all Muscovites look for However, England is not likely to be un prepared either. * * * * * A quiet appeal is being made to insti tute an Englishmen's Society iu this town, but for what good is not yet par ticularly explained. The promoters as sert that the Irish, Welsh, and Scotch, Germans and Daues, have each their na tional societies, and tbat so massed are these bodies that each and all frown from their lofty beigbts of social organisation upon the disintegrated Englishmen be low, Even granted tbat this is so, I can not see that much benefit is done to the organised or barm to the English, So cieties, uuless for mutual monetary or political help, are not much good, and I don't care where you go in tbe colonies, you will scarcely anywhere find tbe Englishmen forming into bodies so as to matk themselves off from the rest of the world, or in auy way wish ing to assert their nationality, or flaunt it in the face of others. The Englishman is an annoyingly inde pendent creature. He is very proud of being English, but is also very quiet in tbat pride and is not over anxious to col lect a numberof his countrymen together simply for mutual admiration, and cer tainly not for encouraging race antipathy This is why I do not think that au Ang lican society will flourish, even if it can be started. The benefit tocieties of the town offer all the advantages in this re spect that can be required. » » * * * I trust tbat Captain Purser ' of ours' when he made, to my mind, that very offensive little speech to the voluuleers leaving by the Lucinda for the South, will not object if I say a word or two aboutthe purport thereof, for in no manner do I blame the adjutant who was simply obeviug the orders of soma imported military flunkey from England and now residing iu Brisbane. The men were told by their captain tbat ' they were to be careful uot to destroy tbe furniture' on the Government yacbt Lucinda, which had been 'allowed' them for conveyance to Lyttou. Now, this sort of thing won't do. The men are quite as mucb at borne in cushioned chambers as their officers, and there was no necessity to imply that they were a set of yahoos with no decency or self restraint, and that their first move on getting on board of a well filled steamer would be to root out tbe furniture and behave like wild beasts. Another thing, the Lucinda was by uo means sent up to suit the men, but to save the expense of transport by private steamer, and so the men bad no choice since tbe Government persists in this humbugging annual toy warfare. I spoke of socialism last week, and came across a very readable article in Harper's Magazine , only a few days after, nn the same subject and, oh pious orgies ! actually treating tbe subject as a rational one. Just fancy ! You bloated squatters and bankers, you comfortable band of money hoarders, a real live Anglo-American magazine of great standing, describing Socialism in London as a sane movement, and one growing from strength to strength. Actually, tbe dynamite and blow-up theorists are laughed at as we ridicule them, and yet Socialism is spoken of as apart from violent intentions. Tbe ' nothingists' are said to (be losing ground, even those who advocate a mild and bloodless but sudden revolution are treated as a weak body of visionaries, but tbe great legi timate party are those known as the Fabians (after cur old friend the Cunc tator, who tired out bis foes rather tbaD fought them), who are evolutionist, and believe tbat the steady but decisive assertion of the right of all to be happy, and tbe propagating of such views wil' ultimately tend to an end which cannot be reached by surprise mob-risings. For us comfortable people, who hope to baud down to our children tbat x-hich we Jiaye neither tolled for nor spun, what a horrid, nasty (hing It is to think that there is an ever increasing band of rational Socialists spreading their mild but inevitable theories throughout the world, prepared to shock none, but to win and even seize by manhood suffrage tbe wpaltb of capitalists, and see that it is spent to beat advantage for all. * * * # it . Easter is upon utf with all Its sancti fied joys and secular fun. This religious feast ia wbat they call a moveable one, tbat IstosBy it does not occur annually od ft fixed date, but takes place the first Sunday after tbp fourteenth day of tbe calendar moon, which in itgelf Jpaptyfely ecclesiastical fiction. Tbe earliest pos sible Easter falls on March 22nd and tbe latest on April 25tb, on which day it fell jp )£ 8Q, but not again until 19$3. Easter tide is really a very old L'acuu festal tiiue, and was sacred tu the goddess of Spring among the Anglo-Saxon, unit said to be synonymous with our old friend Astarte of the Sidonian*, Ashtaroth among Hebrews, Aprodite among Greeks, and Venus among the Romans. If m.vtbr logy goes for anything, we therefore celebrate to-morrow the anniversary, which has been kept up for centuries before tbe Christian era, ot the goddess of Love. Thk Council have conceived the idea of a new Town Hall for Maryborough, but whether their ideas will bear fruit is another thing, for to tell you the truth I don't think tbe town will go mad ou having a new building until tbe present is really played out. I am uot so certain that the rottenuess of the present build ing is not considerably exaggerated However, if it is not, by all means let us go iu for a new one, and iu heavei.'s name let us get something witli a little less sombre and mausoleum-like appear ance, tbau tbe new School of Arts. A fine building for usefulness I grant you, but a heavy, dreary place to look at, and moreover, so fearfully like all tbe big stores and public buildings all over the colonies. I do hope that our Council in going iu for a new building will get bold of, and slick to some really original or changeful design. This semi-classic, stuc cocum-white-wasbed- building is played out, aud the town would be greatly re lieved by something Elizabethan or Gothic. An elegant structure, not iu the drapery sense, is ueeded badly iu Mary borough. ***** I rather like the toue, Mr. Editoi, over tbe elections, which you are assum ing. You stand, it appears to me, as an umpire. Of wbat possible account is tbe paper which is biased? Of what weight can an organ ue wuicu siuks iis con science and common sense to per manently butter up one side and eternally damn another? Why, none whatever ! Looking at the newspapers around us one sees that nearly all are bound to one side or another, and so greatly have they committed themselves that they have left no corner for the exercise of their own reasou. This surely, is not the duty of a newspaper. I thought that toey, if anything, stood as arbiters, aud not mad partizans, aud the '?'oter who bas any common sense at all will argue with me and you (excuse me, F.yo et rcr.) that no matter who comes forward for the elections or what party be represents, he should be judged on bis merits aud the merits of his opinions. It is vile to think, however, of the num ber who will vote for Griffith or M'll wraith respectively without giving a thought to their opinhn9. A man with a mind should think for himself and inquire. A sheep only is led. ***** And how sick one gets of this peren nial 'M'llwraith versus Griffith.' Wheu will the day come when -,ve can have a strong democratic Australian party? Here are IbeBe two men for ever see sawing in tbe political scales, and neither one to my thinking is sincere, or has tliac regard for his country which he has for himself aud for feeding his own vanity. However, of the two, there is this much to be said for Sir Tbomas, aud tbat is that he condemns tbe Naval Bill This is more important than many will think, for it simply embraces the princi ple of dependence ou England. Were we, as Sir Thomas suggests, to boldly tell the mother country to defend her own maritime interests at ber own cost, we should do no injustice, but would plainly say tbat we did uot consider ourselves justly treated in being taxed without representation. The germ of an Australian nationality is in this matter, and it is worth our while lo sink petty feelings and vote for M'llwraith on tba score alone. How Sir Samuel eve brought himself to tear off his ' liberal '1 mask and show himself the jingo be is over this matter, I don't know, but in auy case Sir Thomas is committed to conuemu our paying aauusiay 10 joug land on account of naval defence, aud I trust that he will be able to stop our doing so. ***** ' Among the Books' Miss Florence Marryatt is now writing her 49th novel. Sbe does not dream her stories, like Robert Louis Stevenson, noreathasbeesh, as she says most of the French writers do ; but she says, ' I juBt sit down with the characters floating in my mind, and I let them do wbat they please, and write straight along. The plot matures itself naturally, and everything comes right at the end.'' Miss Marryatt has little faith In the critics in tbe papers. ' Yes, criticism, like kissing, goes by favor, and, given a pretty woman, chicken and champagne, these condi tions are about as certain to produce a laudatory notice as most tbings in this imperfect sphere.' Mr. Wilkie Collins iB again suffering from bis old enemy the gout, which has pursued bim with fiendish malignity for yeare. Tbe famous novelist once related tbe history of 'Tbe Moonstone,' and said that some of tbe most entertaining scenes of that exciting novel were dictated when in the grasp of tbe gout devil, If gout is tbe enemy of bis old age, ghosts persecuted him when he was young, so that the life of the popular novelist has not been all beer and skittles. ' When I was writ. ing'The Woman in White,' 'said Mr. Collins, 'I often used to take up my work a little before midnight and work into tbe small hours of tne morniDg, fhep tbe most horrible monsters, with green eyes, frlghtfql fangs and lolling tongues, would meet me on tbe staircase and follow me to bed, not once, but night after night. Of course, they were the result of overwork, and a rest banished thpflfi from fljy overwrought brain,*' , . Asking Mr. Collins how be came by Count Fosco, the only fat villain iu fiction. 'He was an agglomeration,' replied the novelist, ' and I made bim fat because a lady once made the remark to me at a dinner parly that no novelist could make a really lifelike tat villain.' CONSTABLE 