. IftcveHst. I A CHARMING LOVE STORY OF IN TENSE AND THRU LING INTEREST.\ BF LAUBA JEAN LIBBEY. CHAPTER XXII. A STAUTULX-: J»LSC«/V*F.BR. The next afternoon, as Max Fovrester \ sat in liis arm-chair by ill- iac-"-drap;d j window. Ills fair head i:ent dejectedly on i his liunds, the door opened softly and liis i mother entered. '.Max,"' she said., huskily, "you are wearing your life out. Will you never be able to forget .'" An expression of deep pain crossed hi- j handsome face. 4' Xo,"' lie answered, desperately. " Try as I will, never for a moment am I able to forget; waking or sleeping, alone or in the midst of crowds, the face of Florabel is ever before me. Despite all, I cannot believe my darling has gone-to hb». I <<';!' not believe it.7' *' You must not brood over this matter, my son,5" said Mrs. Forrester, laying her ; jewelled hand on liis fair, clustering curls. .' Constant brooding has dethroned many a man's reason. You are my only son, Max. If anything should happen to you, I-I should die. You must give up tlie !-ope of searching out Arthur Ilurlhursi and holding him accountable/' she faltered. *' I will trac him and find out what he s to Florabd if it costs me my life." he ;uswered. biirtrly. '* He is in Sydney, j : r," he went on, huskily. *' 1 have -need hiui here : sooner or later we shall . -eet.'" " I pray Heaven you may not," an .-.vered is. Forrester, fervently. The . foljovnii;: day, as Max stepped I a cab. the first person wImiu lie met I v.x.s Gerald Tiioriulyke, liis old college IrielH:. Wliy, Forrester,"' saidCierald. aghast, "how chasiged you are! I would not have recognised you if yon had not spoken. O^rne into this cafe. I have not dined vet. and we will have a talk over old . iui' s. What do you say .'Certainly," said Max, leading the way. " What is this you wrote me.'" said Max. abvuptly to his friend after . hoj' Ij.-.tl given their order, '* uixi'it going to marry one woman while your h'-art was i another s L Take my advice; don't do j it.."' <i r.ild Thorndyke flushed red, then turned deadly ]>;de. .' face has take;! ail choice in the mat ter out .>f my hands," !»;» replied. with m':=h v'ml wrrassuient. "The heiress bro'-ro «»fi riie engagement with me ; and the crul tor whom L would have renounced a tortune refused me point blank, with spirit ::nd derision, then suddenly disap peared. I. have been trying to discover her whereabouts ever since.*' 'jeraid Tnorndyke knew liis friend's .ri'jr not ions of honor too well to tell him ?xaerly lioiv the affair had happened : indeed. it was a source of deep annoyance ~m recall the matter at all. all save that i;i:r of ;t relating to Florabel. "Xo doubt you censure me, Forrester *.ir admiring one when 1 was engaged to t ie! he", but if you had seen Miss Vane *?"11 would not have marvelled at that, j '" by. she was as beautiful as a dream, .? irli a beauty at once peculiar and slrik Her faco? was as fair as a lily ; her 'upied cheeks like two pink roses ; and :.-r eyes-it would take a painter or a !s-iefc to describe them-they were of a rich hazel, wonderfully pathetic : and the j 1 ale head was crowned with a mass of j '.?irling, golden hair. Why, heavens!! Forrester, what is the matter ? You look as pale as a ghost." j " A ghost of the past has just risen up j io confront me Do you know, Thorndyke. ] you have described accurately-my w ife ; j I aid not believe the round world held one ; like her. You shall see her picture, and you can judge for yourself. No doubt but you have heard my story ; the news papers have aired it pretty thoroughly/' " Yes, I have heard of it," replied Thorndyke, extending liis hand and grasp ing that of Max in earnest svmpatliv : j *' but I hope all will come out right in the | e:;d." | " Never !" declared Max. firmly. I As he spoke he took the portrait from ] liis breast ivicket and handed it across the 'able to his friend. j One glance, then Gerald Thorndyke ! sprang to his feet with a startled cry. j " .My God! am I mad, or do I dream ?*'' he cried, excitedly. Xo, no, my senses are not playinir me false ; ihia ix the por trait of 3fiss f' unc / Even her name, in i ! her own delicate chirography, is beneath I it-Florabel. Do you mean to tell me this-this-is your wife, Forrester?"' he said, his voice husky with agitation. .* Yes,"' replied Max, wonderingly. "Then, by all that is wonderful, I declare solemnly this is the same young prirl I knew as Miss Vane-Fiorabel Vane," said Gerald, white to the lips but not more white than Max. " This is the girl with whose lovely face I fell madly in love at first sight."' had sprung to his feet in intense amazement. " I do not comprehend what you say," cried Max, hoarsely. " Make this thing clear to me, Thorndyke." " I will," replied Gerald. " Calm your self. Sit down and listen. I will tell you alland he told him briefly and truth fully the story of Miss Carlisle's accident, which had brought, her and the beautiful young stranger together, and all that had transpired since. "It is but two days since that you saw I her in the park, you say gasped Max. " It is so," replied Gerald. "Andyou have been searching for her ever since, but can iiii'l 110 tr;:c J of her Y' questioned Max, breathlessly. "If the green earth had suddenly opened and swallowed her, she could not be more completely lost to the world," said Gerald. "For weeks she had be<;n the com panion of Miss Carlisle. Tiiat w:is proof positive, then, that she was not with Hurl hurst. He could have cried aloud to Heaven with very joy f.sr that. How j crueily the world had judged her, his poor, j innocent darling. A iiasli of something very like the train dawned upon him. Believing that he wosild ke>jp his word-that he nu ant to leave her-she had gone quietly away-to face ihe great cold world-aluue. Then, in the face of all this, he remem bered her letter. She had written on that tear-blotted page that she was " going to j Arthurand at the thought his face j grew dark and stormy. lie would have j given his life to have believed in her inno- j cev.ee ; but, ah, Heaven horr could lie ? J how could he V He bowed his handsome, troubled fuce in his hands, his tall form shaking like an ; aspen leaf. It had been a severe breaking up of a pretty love dream to Gerald Thorndyke. It was his creed to fall in love with lovely young girls ; hut he never made the fatal mistake of admiring or givingone thought to a beautiful woman on whom another had claims which should always he held sacred. " 1 Avili pledge you my word to do all in n.y power to aul you in finding lier, Max,-" i he said, as rhey parted an hour later. ?' Itest assured, if she is in Sydney we shall soon know it : and this fel'ow Hurl hurst-we wiil give him a little attention, too." ! Gerald Thorndyke walked slowly back to his hotel. I'm the most unlucky dog under the sun,'" he ruminated. '' Miss Carlisle and her fortune gone : and the girl I have loved so madly, Max Forrester's bride, i Was there ever su;-h a contretemps- such a strange revolution of the of fate ! : lie walked into the ivadiug-room of rhe : hotel, and threw himself down into an arm-chair near the window. A young man sat opposite him, glancing eagerly down the columns of a newspaper. His face seemed to attract Gerald Thorndyke strangely at first dance. Feel ing intuitively the deep scrutiny of tl.e . prolonged ga:ce bent upon him, the young i man dropped the pajier n-rvously and j turned hastily away. j Why should he do that thought j | Thorndyke, picking up a paper and piv- j tending to be absorb d in its columns, j ** There is sonwliin;: wrong there, I feel I sure. Tiiat fellow will bear watching." Twice the yoi:n^ man rose from his s; at and paced up and down the iloor of the j reading-room. eag<-rly watching the great ; i bronze clock 0:1 th'.> wall. ! Several strangers entered the room, i aud Gerald Thorndyke saw biin glance ! keenly, and with repressed uneasiness and j agitation, very carefully at each and e*rt-ry i one ; and as they looked at him indif- i ferenily and passed by, he turned away in ' apparent relief. i As the porter passed by the door he 1 beckoned to him. ] " lias my baggage been taken down from my room yet?" he asked, hesi tatingly. __ .Not yet, sir." returned the man. i ! .' You are to fake the 8:45 train. It is o:dy | | 8:l-r> now. You have plenty <>f time." ! The young man resumed his seat and ! his paper. " I siiall never feel safe until I have put. considerable distance between Sydney and me," lie muttered. | At that instant one of the boys stepped I into the room, holding a telegram in his hand. "Is Mr. Arthur Hi-rlhurst here'?" lie asked, glancing quickly among the dif ferent groups of gentlemen, " A telegram I for him." [ The young man sprang to his feet and | held out his hand for it, saying, in a con I strained voice : I 4 * This way, my la<L / am Arthur I Hurlhurst." I 