Odds and Ends. Fireside companion — The poker. A writ of attachment— a love letter. The first thing in a boot is the last. If some men knew as much as they talked, there would not be any sale for the encyclopedias. "Yes," said the landlady sadly, " appearances are deceitful, but disap pearances are still more so." " Women should get men's wages." Great Scissor's ghost ! Don't they get all the men earn anyhow ? "Nothing is ever lost," sings Walter Whitman. Wonder if the venerable poet ever owned such a thing as an umbrella ? A schoolboy gives it as his opinion, that the schoolmaster, like the artistic pianist, should have a light, easy touch. Teacher: Sammy, why do you write your name S. Smith, Marcher? Sammy : Why, 'cause pa writes his J. Smith, Junior. I was born in March. " Look here, suppose you were in the army, and could not get out of it, and had to go to the front, what would you do ?" " What would I do ? Why I'd do the fastest mile on record." Greengrocer : I'll give you three pence a head for that load of cabbages, Mr. Hayseed. Mr. Hayseed: No, that you won't. I can git more'n that for 'em, up at the cigar factory. " I never shot a bird in my life," said some one to his friend ; who replied, " for my part, I never shot anything in the shape of a bird, except a squirrel, which I killed with a stone, when it fell into the river and was drowned." Enraged husband : Maria, I can endure this expense no longer. I am going to blow my brains out. Wife calmly : Don't attempt it, John, attempt it, John. You have never had any success in firing at small targets. " I fear that Harry is getting desper ate. He left me in a terribly agitated state last evening, and threatened to do something that he might regret all his life." " Did he ? Then it seems he has really made up his mind to ask you to marry him." A COMMERCIAL traveller was bragging about the magnitude of the firm he represented. " I suppose your house is a pretty big establishment?" said the customer. " Big? You can't have any idea of its dimensions. Last week we took an inventory of the employees, and found out for the first time, that three cashiers and four book-keepers were missing. That will give you some idea of the magnitude of our business." NOT ROMANTIC, but SUCCESSFUL.— " And now you promise to fondly love and cherish me through all the future years, my darling one ?" " Well, George, I can't say as to the exact number of years, for one of us'll probably pan out first ; but I'll agree to set up three good, square meals a day, as long as we hang out together." And next morning, she proudly exhibited a solitaire ring to " Paw and Maw." The Effects of Overpressure. — Scene —School near Paisley ; geography class under examination. Teacher : " Very good. Now tell me where Glasgow lies." Promising pupil : "Glesca lies in thinkin' she's the saccont city o' the empire." Teacher : " No, No : What is the situation of Glasgow ?" Another promising pupil : " There's nae situation in Glesca the noo, or there wouldna be sae mony folks out o' work." Teacher, excitedly: "Nonsense, boy! What river is it on ? Promising youth : " On the Clyde generally ; but aboot the new year, it's a good deal on the Spree." Teacher, throwing down the book : " Go to your seats, and stand there till you've learned the lesson." 