THER MISSI1NG. GIRDLE. Ten clertks in the office of OGrdnault end iBlondin, the great diamond firm of the Rue do 'la Paix, Paris, appeared to be very busy-one fine spring muorning a few years ago. In reality they were discussing i-in whisporo an exciting occurrence which haid but just taken place before their eyes. It wias this: The senior partner had entered the office looking cheerful nas usual. Hie bent his stately white head in response to the "good morning, sir," as kindly as over, "as he took a despatchl from the hand of a messenger who waited by. No sooner had he read it than hel fell back with paling lips, the despatch falling from his limp hand. Io seemed about to faint, but suddenly re covering himself looked wildly around, and an exclamation burst from his lips which made a thrill run through the listening olerks. S " What shall I say to Prince Desparti ? 'What shall I do? Oh, was thero ever a more wretched man than I ? " Wringing his hands wildly, hlie entered his private offico and locked the door. " Can it be that anything has happened to Lacheroe?" asked one of the clerks of anbther. "Why, what has Lachero to do with Prince Desparti ? " " Did you not know that hlie sent a wonder ful diamond girdle hebore to have some of the stones re-set, and that Laohcre was in etmruoted to carry it back to the prince's cosintry seat near Rome ? " "Ah, and if it has been stolen or injured ,,he is ruined beyond a doubt. I would not lie in his bshoes for a great deal." SSoon Monsieur B3londin, the junior partner, arrived. After half-au.hour with 7his colleague he sent a telegram, and throughout the day telegrams were going backwards and forwards. It was intensely exciting. Little work was done by the ,clerks, although they appeared so busy. But in the afternoon, when the kind-hearted Monsieur Grunault, weak and trembling, :was assisted to his carriage, it seemed that the day might have a tragic ending. !Three days following, Monsieur Blloudin sat in his private office gazing fixedly at his ,highly- polished nails. There was a look of chill determination on his face, and he appeared to be waiting for some one. He scarcely changed his attitude when the door was opened and a young man entered. His face was haggered enough to soften most \- hearts; his hollow eyes, disordered clothes, reckless carriage- all spoke of abject hope lessness. : .Good morning, Monsieur Lachere," said Blondin, icily, with exaggerated polite 'ness. "3Be good enough to seat your self." The irony stung the young man. His Sface grow.paler . ".But Monsieur Grenault-am I not to see him too ?" he asked eagerly. "??' Monsieur Grdnault is suffering from a dangerous stroke of paralysis. TWhen he /received your telegram -" .: "Ah, do Dot say that!" burst from .I4ehere.: "Is not my punishment heavy 'enough without this last ?.= For myself 1 have no pity, but that my fault has cast my best friend upon a bed of sickness-oh, I ,cannot bear' it I" He covered his eyes and shudderad. Blondin waited until the paroxysm was \- over. .... "Let us get to the matter which demands our attention. I know nothing except the bare fact that Prince Desparti's girdle had disappeared." " Yes," said Lachore slowly,'"'it is.lost, aid I fear beyond recovery." "I hope not for your own sake. Now be good enough to answer my questions promptly and to the point. When you .arrived in Rome you are sure the girdle was ,in your possession ?" "Thero is no doubt of it," 'Lachere replied emphatically. "When you left here, where did you carry it ?" S.i," Fastened about me in a kid easing noext -my skin, as you know, monsieur." : "When you arrived in Rome, where was it.?" :" In tile same place. I woroeit eleeping asid'wakiig." " How many people know of it? In other words, how many- odnfidants did you inike ?" "~Not one. I was. particular to say no thsiug about such a valhiable possession to any one." i"Did you meeoot with any suspicious tobaraoters, any strangers who acted in a sihgular mainner, who tried to gain your -confidence during your journey or after your arrival in Rlomo ?" "I made no new acquaintlances on thIe journey," said the young man with a sharp asigh. "I saw notlinig to arouse my snus picionas. Everything ran smoothly. I was sure I would be able to deliver the girdle safely to Prince Desparti, yet at the very last I was undono. And how ? I cannot tell. Who know of it ? I cannot say. Who robbed me of it ? I oannot say. Or did I lose it ? I cannot say. Monsieur, my re mio'rso is terrible. Listen, I have a eon fossion to make." .' You will make that confesion when I requlest it," said I3londin, in a voice which chilled the listener; " I only ask you to distvoer my questions. When do you last recolleoot having the girdle ?" " Tho night I arrived in Rome." "What hlotel did you stop at ?" ' I "I followed your instructions. You told me it was Prince Desparti's wish to have m. stop over.night at his town residence if I arrived in the city after dark. I did so." " This is the truth ?" " I Yf my word of honour is not suflicient the old servant Bornardo who is left in hliirgo of the house can testify that I slept *in the old Plalazzo Dosparti. Is that suf fioioent ?" .::" Now I want to know," said Blondin, slowly, "how you spent that night in R"; omo ?" A::':IBh I" said Lachoro, drawing a long :??t~eath, "thant will entail my confession. Tho confession of a fool, monsieur, but still an honest man Il" Ho rose and com snenoed to lnoo the room restlessly. " I weouf'thn t anight to the theatre. Thoro I met an old fr'iond. After the por formance we drank together, thou he per saaded me to go to a publio hall whore dancing was going on. The seooe was very gay. We had more wine, my friend and I. l romomber nothing more until I awoko the next morning in my own bed at tihe palazzo-and thIe girdle was not on me." "Ahl I know itl You drank your brains away. Do you hear ? You were besotted I " cried I3loudin, in stinging, vibrant tones, "and you shall answer for it " " All, I deserve your reproachcs. If you were to lot me off easily I should eat my heart out with remruorse. But punish mo, punish me I I will gladly worlk out my punishment to the uttermost." " Where is this friend now with whom you wero good enough to drink and forget your duty ? " " I do not lknow. Hle told me early in the evening hIe was leaving Rome thIe next day. If he told me for what place, I have forgotten it." "I believoe tlhat worthy robbed you. He must be found. Write down all you know about him. We will put detectirves on hIis traclk at once. Here are pen, ilnk, and paper-be quick." " No, monsieur." said Laclhrer quietly, hut withi corviction, " tlhat would be uscless trouble. Whloever robbed me, however the girdle was lost, my friend had nothing to do with it." "I don't want your opinion ; you will do as I say." " It would be waste of time tracking an innocent man," said Lachero composedly, holding hIis head erect. " A moment ago you told me you were entirely ignorant of oeverything connected with the loss of the girdle. It seems to me you speak now hko one who lhas some know of it. You make me rsuspicious. Can it bo tLratyou hIave robbed yourself'? Such things have been Iheard of." " MIounsiour," cried thie young man, strid ing forward with clerched haunds, " do not insult me, or I may forget myself I I am frenzied withlr grief over thie unfortunate affair, but to accuse me of stealing it in this ingenious way is too much." "Your own words are against you; I judge you by them. Explain what you mean by stating your friend's innocence so positively," said 3Blondin, in his most in flexiblo tone. Lachere stood still in the centre of the room, and passed Ilis hand rapidly across his forehead. His eyes had the dazed ex pression of a man seeking earnestly for something. "TlThere is the vaguest memory in my brain-the very vaguest," he muttered; " but it escapes me-comes back, escapes me again, until I feel that I am going mad." " What is it ? what is it ?" asked Blondin, beside himself with impatience. "It is the indistinct memory of a woman's face-so beautiful; it seems not of the earth. Whenever I see it, I see at tIhe same time the famous girdle sparkling with its encausted jewels. Oh, monsieur, hIave pity on me I Help me to find this woman, whoever she mris be." Perhaps Blondin did pity the wrotrhbd young man, for he spoke in a gentler tone. " What can we do ? Have you any idea who she can be ?" " One of the women I saw at that ball, I suppose. I can think of no other ex planation." "Then it is hopeless. We can never identify her, since it was a public dance. But hero is Seffre." The well-lnown detective entered and took a seat. "Now tell your story to Monsieur Seffreo," said Blondin. Lachero complied. When he Ihad finished, the detective placed his tlumbs together and closed his eyes. " I have a theory," hIe added, addressing hiimself to Blondin. "This young man and I will start at once for Romo. Have you in the house another girdle at all like the one lost ?" "Ohr, we have several, but they are insignificant compared with Prince Desparti's." "Ono of them will answer. Have it placed in a casing and fastened about tihe hearer exactly as thIe other was. I will be back in an hour." During thie journey thie detective said to Laohore: "Try and fancy that you are in Rome for the first time, and that you are carrying PrincoDosparti's magnificent girdle. Don't talk to me at all." When they arrived in Rome the detective spoke to him again: " You must go and leave your valiso at the Palazzo Desparti as you did before. We separate Iore. T'o-night goo tio the same theatre-in fact, I want you in the interval to do exactly as you did before in every particular. It is our only chance of finding the girdle." Laclhero was disposed to smile at these instructions, thley seemed so purely fanciful, but hle was too dejected. He obeyed with out any comment. Whlen hie arrived at tie Palazzo Desparti he found Bernardo still in chlargeo of the closed house, lie attended to his needs as before, but with a fearfully gloomy faceo. The priunce hrad been thloro only thlat day, frantic over thIe loss of the girdle, which had beeoon in hris family hundreds of years. He too had employed detectives, and Ihad himself but just left for Paris to find Lachere. SPoor Lachere I he felt his hIeart qunakeo at this news. He saw a prison open its damp walls to embrace him-his future ruinedl I They might even say what Blondin had suggested, that he had appro priated it. 0h, thIe misery of it all i With a hIeavy heart he woent for his dinner to a neighbouring hotel, thlen re turned to the palazzo. He examined the girdle fastened to hIim, to be sure it was secure, thou set out for thIe theatro. Tile play was the same, and, sitting there, feel ing the girdle pressing against him, the impressions he had felt on that memorable night thronged upon him; the emotions weoro revived in a measure, and hIe felt happier and more hopeful as the play wont on. When it was over, the first one he met was the deteootive, who invited him to drinlk. The champagneo made hiin light hearted, and arm-in-arm they wont to the samo hall, where nnotlloer publio dance was 4in progress. Laclero drank more. The detoective only pretonded to drink, and watched his companion closely. The wine was doing its work. Laohoro was gay, and kept onalling for. more wino--more-more more I. But heo did nobt attemdpt to make /1 tho acquaintance of any of the women whirling past in the dance, though many of them were very bcantiful. The detective's face beamed. "I was right I I was right!1 " ho kept saying to himself. When the ball was over Lachero was so hopelessly intoxicated that it was necessary to help him to a carriage. When they alighted at the palazzo the detective said "good night," and received a maudlin response; but instead of leaving him, he slipped after him unseen, and making a sign to Bernardo to be silent, followed the young man up the stairs. Ho awayed and staggered, but managed to keep his footing. Hle succeeded in open ing the door of the chamber he occupied, and the detective, from a position behind the arras curtains, saw him throw himself on the bed with his clothes on. Seffre's heart sank. Would Lachere re main in a drunken sleep until the morning, and ttie whereabouts of tbo girdle still remain a mystery ? Was his theory a more fancy, after all? While ho waited, his eye noted every detail of the room. The furniture was covered with holland; the fire which Bernardo had lit for the traveller could not make tho room cheerful, for the place was destitute of ornaments; the costly paintings were covered; no rugs covered the dusty floor; a statue in the corner was ghost-like draped in white sheets, which faintly expressed the chiselled limbs beneath ; the house was silent as a tomb, and, while he waited, a clock in a neighbouring house struck two. At last-at last Lacliere moved I Ho murmured uneasily, then sat up in bed, muttering impetuously and pressing his hands to his forchead. He made several attempts to rise before he succeeded in gaining his feet. Then he commenced to undress with diflioulty and took off the girdle. The detective scarcely breathed. He felt that the disposition Lachero would mako of this girdle would explain the fate of the otlher. Slowly tho young man drew it from the easing and stood gazing at it as if in ecs tasy. Ho throw the casing into the fire, then, with the girdle in his hands walked to the furthest corner of the room; the detective noiselessly followed. lie paused before the draped statue. He lifted his hando slowly, and, unfastening the cloth, dis played a perfect face, a faint smile frozen on the marble lips. He throw down the covering still further; tho figure was that of an eastern dancer in marble, but, alien to the pure white stone, something was sparkling in prismatic colours about her slender waist. It was Prince Desparti's missing girdle. 