The North Garret. BY " BACUELOB." I am an old bachelor. If there is a human beiDg whose nerves are made of steel. I am that individual. I have never once lost my j presence of mind. I don't believe in ghosts, j of coarse. I'm not a sensation&l; person, I have never been in love. Once, when I was five-and-twenty — no matter how many years ago — 1 thought that I was. 1>:-1\ A pair of orown eyes, and a head of golden hair, long, dark lashes, put the notion into my head. £ lost my usual good sense for a while, end proposed to Milly Basbwood, and j went through the usual experiences that j follow an acceptance. But I grew tired oi my I pretty toy in a few months, and began to see that " a young man married would be a young man marred." The girls had lost all their interest in me, and the married ladies I took to snubbing me. I had not half the nice invitations I used to have, and, beside, old I Mr. Bashwood failed, and Milly's fifty tnou- sand vanished into the air. She would have I nothing on marriage, instead of being an heiress ; and so, one day, I told her we had both made a mistake, and she said probably I was the best judge, and gave ma back my ring. It had a nice diamond in it, and I had it set for a shirt-stud at once. And of coarse I Bent her back her letters, and she returned mine, and after that we never met again. I got out of the affair more easily than most fellows do, and I've never got into such a one again. Perhaps when I'm old and begin to break down a little, I shall marry/ some nice young girl and settle down comfortably. It's a pretty good thing to dolthcn, bat not before one is past fifty. Well, as I Baid, I saw no more of Lily, and I forgot all about her in a few years. I stand before you a practical man, untramelled by any sort of superstition, with a good income, good health, and a habit of enjoying my life — an example to all sentimental, emotional people, if I say it myself ; and just in this condition I walked in at the door of Mrs. Began's confounded old house, on the twenty- sixth of July, 1S72. We had started for the Mountain House, I and Barnard, and his trap had broken down, and here we were on a rough road, with our journey not half over : Catskill as far behind us as the Mountain House was oefore us ; both of us as hungry j as hunters ; bath dead tired. "Wo can't goon," said Barnard. " We can't go back." said I. Then over the stone fence popped a sun- bonnet, and some one cried — ! " Your wheel has eome off, hain't it!" On my answering that it had, and should like to know what we were going to do that ! night, the sunbonnet replied, — " Why, do tell ! To be sure 1 Well, now — and everybody is chock full of summer boarders, and eo be I. But 1 guess I can j agger it if I do a little head work, I'll put them Jackson boys to sleep with Sam, and I'll make the help go on to the settee, and one of you shall have the kitehen chamber and one the north garret if you want. And my old man, he's a wheelwright by trade, and he'll jigger your wheel for you in three shakes | of a sheep's tail." I We looked at each other. I did not know j how long it took a sheep to shake his tail, i nor whether " jigger" was technical or local, j i don't (yet. But I smelt coffee and ham 1 and eggs, somewhere, and doubtless so did | Barnard. ' We shall be only too glad to acoept your I hospitality, " said he. "Halia- soverign a day," said she. " That is cheap enough." I "Sa it is," said Burnard. " Come, j Hunter." I came. What would I have done to & i waiter who presented me with such a supper : at the elub ! But starvation does not discrimi- jate; late heartily. And afterward, being 1 asked to choose between the kiicben aud the ! north garret. I said the garret by all means. I had a vague idea that it would be farthest removed from the rest of the establishment. It was a queer looking plaee, with a chim ney in the umlre, the roof running from a peak in the middle to the floor on either side ; one square window and one eloping one; and boxes, bags, hams, rope3 of onions, and suspended dresses, adorned it in every direc tion. The bed was apparently stuffed with corn cobs. Tho pillows was of hay, and the sheets sraelled of camphor, and I had a kero sene lamp by way of illumination. Remembering my spring mattress, and silk quilts lined with down, at home, my vel vet carpet, the pink and white shade for my | gas, I wondered how I could enduro it all so j calmly. But what should I have gained by I making a fuss? Nothing, surely. Never j trouble yourself about the inevitable ; simply j shut your eyes to it. I shut mine, having j puffed the kerosene lamp out, after a blue j explosion of some kind which made me wonder if I were to be Bubject of a paragraph " Awful Accident" in the next morning's j papers. I adjusted myself as well as possible j between the softest corn cobs. " When one I sleeps one forgets one'd bed." said I. " Let 1 me sleep." And totally refusing to notice j the droning of a hideous insect with a brown back, who could walk, fly, climb, leap, wiggle, crawl — in short, who possessed every means of locomotion known to animated nature — I went to sleep. The moon arose that night about one o'clock ; therefore it must have been about one o'clock that I awoke, for the moon wog rising. You may expect me to be romantic about her ; but I shall not oblige you. She waa as round and yellow as possible, and came up over the mountains with her usual independence. Her light fell through the ! one straight window of my room, made a white square on the brown-painted iioor, and lit up a queer little green rockiDg-cbair with ; a rush bottom. For one moment 1 saw the j chair standing empty ; the next a figure occupied it — the figure of a young girl. Her I hair, which seemed to be golden, fell over ! her shoulders. Her back was toward me, ! but I saw that her figure was slight and pretty, Two little white hands were clasped together, and she was rocking to and fro, and | moaning in a strange, desolate sort of a way, j " This is odd," Eaid I. "Some one has; eome into the room by mistake, doubtless, | not knowing I was here." ! ' J coughed. The young person did not hear j me. I spoke. j " Madame," said I, " I presume you are not aware that — in fact, that I am here." i Then the figure arose. It turned toward j me, but again I could not see its face. It's back was to the moon. The outline — strangely j familiar — was all I could discern. The white i robe that looked like a shroud, trailed after j it. 8 The long hair floated over it. I said j to myself very calmly, "Were I a superstitions person, I should consider this a ghost." And | still it came nearer, nearer, nearer. It was | I very embarrassing. | " Madame," I said again, more loudly, " I ! presume that you are not aware that I am I here ?,! _ j 1 And a voice answered me — a voice I seemed j to have heard before, — j j " Yes, I am aware of it. 1 came because I j I know it. I came because I knew it. i | The she began to mo&n; again. She stood i I beside the bed now, only a few inches from ; I me. She stretched out her cold hands. It i was time to do something. Whoever shs j | was, I saw thatshe was dangerous — a maniac, I perhaps. I put my hand under my pillow, j j whore my pistol lay. I seized it. j " Whoever you arc," said I, " L presumes j I von area thief, nlavintr at ehost. Leave th. i room. I give yon three seconds to do it in. I oount them. At the third count I fire. One — two — three — " As I said one she retreated, pointing at me. As I counted two she drew still farther off. As I cried three she was gone. I lit that kerosene lamp and examined the room. The door was shut, and locked inside; the win dows fastened down with nails, as all windows are in rural houses. I looked behind the boxes and barrels and gowns. I fslt the floor. There was no trap-door. Yet she was gone !" If I had been a superstitious idiot, I should have eaid that I had seen a spirit. As it was, being a practical man, I at once argued with myself, — Tough fried ham, and something called Injun puddin', whatever it may have been, has given me a nightmare — a nightmare in an unusual form, doubtless — a fair young girl in white, instead of Othello or a black dog, There are exceptions to every rule. 1 have had a white nightmare instead of a blaokonc, that is all. Again I put out my kerosene lamp ; again I fitted myself between the corn cobs ; again I slept; again I woke, to find a figure — the same figure — bending over me. It was moan ing still, but this time it was doing more; two hands, as cold as ice, were about my throat, pressing hard upon it. I wa3 choked to death. " What are you about ?" cried I. catching at my pistol again. The cold hands dropped away, The girl retreated, vanished, as before. I made a new search. I argued with myself again. " Nightmares alwayB choke one," said I. "My white nightmare only did as others do." But this time though I fitted myself in amongst the corn eobs again, I found it harder to sleep, and though I slept at last, I awakened very soon — again with a hand at my throat, and a voice moaning softly, — " Let me rest in my grave I I do not want to kill him, Let me rest !" My pistol once more drove the white figure away. But a nightmare was a more serious tbiug than I had imagined. Had I ever been fool enough to drink too much I should have fancied myself the victim of delrium tremens. But a ghost ! Bah ! I gave no admittance to that thought for a moment. Jf the voice, the falling hair, the touch of the ltttle hands, cold as tbey were, reminded me of some one I had known long age — that was part of my disordered condition. "Never again," said I, " will I partake of that awful dish, Injun puddin', with mTasses. Never !" I sat up after that, and saw the sun rise for the first time in my existence. It is a chilly operation, as uncomfortable as most things are that are considered meritorious ; cold baths and a German diet, for instance. I've naver done it since. An awful horn tooted us down to breakfast, which was principally fat pork. When I came down, the good woman of the house, already invisible at tthe end of a sunbonnet, was talking to Barnard, who is — did I tell you ' — an author, a writer of frightful long stories in newspapers. She had found him out. 8 To think it should be you I" ehe esid! " Yon don't look a bit like I thought. I guessed you had big black oyee and elegant figger, but, lor 1 you can't help that — and how I did look out for the next number, while ' Elgira, or Fortune's Victim,' was being published 1 I read it every word, and when shs died of love, L cried. I didn't use to believe folks died of love once — but — lem- me see — I guess it wbs fifteen years ago, I knew a case in actunl life. Yes, sir. You | could have made a Btory of it. no doubt. She died in this house, in the north garret — as I pretty a creature as you ever saw. Her eyes were, oh, how brown, and such lovely golden hair I Her father brought her out here one I, summer." j " 1 Mrs. Ilogan,' says he, ' I'm afraid my girl is in a decline, but we hope something j from country air.' I " We'll do what we can, and mountain I air is best of any, sir,' said I. : " But pretty soon I saw that there was j I more than sickness to deal with. Tho night | she died she told me. Yes, sir, it was a love : affair. He had jilted her because her father i had lost his moncv. He'd failed, the old j gentleman had. '"I loved him so much !' said she. ' I i thought him so brave aud true, and so fona oi me. And it was ail a mockery — every look j a lie, every kiss an insult, since it did not 1 come from his heart.' I " ' Bat you should forget such a rascal, j You should not gu on loving a fellow like that,' , said I. j 11 Then she sat up in bed. 1 never shall I forget it, | " ' Ob, Mrs. lif-gan,' she eaid, 8 it is just I that 1 It is that 1 have grown to hate him so | that I lie all night wishing that I. oould kill J him — hating him as I. never hated anything j before ! Sometimes L think I shall come back ! from the other world to do it. GhoBte are I permitted to kill their murderers, they say, | and he has murdered me. Yes, he has I killed mo, not only my body, bus all the good, 1 sweet, beautiful feelings 1 onco had. Tbey J all died long ago. Hate, hate, hate — that is i killing me. Hate of the man I once loved 1' I 88 ' Oh, let me send for a minister, my | dear !' I said. j ''But sbe made no answer. She never S spoke again. She died that night. Poor « child, she was very young. , Milly Baehwood. j Aged eighteen.' That is on her gravestone S in the burying-ground, if you'd like to look j at it." > 1 don't know whether she said anything J more. Barnard says I fainted. I don't | admit it, but if I did 1 vow it was tbatabomin- j able supper. A ghost — bah/ But I wouldn't s'eep in that north garret again for any for tune — practical man as I am. 