UNDER THE BALCONY. [by Obsebveb.] The Melbourne Cup appears to exercise a wonderfully fascinating influence upon the Victorian people. There is something infinitely ludicrous in the statement that the officials of the lunatic asylum at Kew, drawn by some magnetic and irresistible influence, left their posts of superintending the erratic movements of the unfortunates in the asylum, for the more congenial occupation of watching the great race for the Gup. So, the officials were "off by the morning train," or found Borne other means of locomotion to J?le\x=req-\ mington, and, if the report is correct, the warders, not relishing being "left lamenting," bundled the patients into a cart, and were philanthropic enough to take them to see the Cup run, and per-' happ have a quiet peep at it themselves. If there were any ex-sportsmen among the lunatics, they must have felt once more in their native element Probably, there were more madmen at the great meeting that day than the poor creatures whose memories were like " sweet bells jangled out of tane," and many, perhaps, could reasonably be accused of acting in an irrational manner after the great race of the day was over. Whether the view of the Cap xace had a soothing effect npon the poor patients or not, is one question; whether, if the report be true, the officials were justified in the coarse of action taken is another, and one, it is to be hoped, that will be answered in a satisfactory manner. V ' The terrible murders at the East End of London still continue, and the murderer . still, with " Tarquin'e ravishing strides, towards his design moves likes a ghost." And like a spirit he is to all intents and purposes, so far as the London police are concerned. They appear utterly at aes, to judge by the news of last week, and the very daring with which the murders have been committed seem to act as a shield to the murderer. The latest sensation in connection with these horrors is the report that letters written in red ink and smeared, with blood, signed by an individual rejoicing in the soubriquet of "Jack the Ripper" have been received by the authorities. In these letters, the writer states his intention to kill some more victims, and describes his method. These precious epistles may be the work of some cruel practical joker, but it is a significant fact that shortly after the receipt of one, • announcing that the next victim should have herearo cut ofij another murder followed, and the e&rs; had been cut, as if with the intention of separating them from the head. How such a creature can still be at large, evidently revelling in his bloody work, is a mystery, and one can imagine the terrible feeling of insecurity and alarm experienced in the localities where the murders ' were committed. Whatever may be the motives for revenge which prompted the inhuman monster to murder these women of the unfortunate class, it is a pity that he should continue to wreak his vengeance with apparently perfect impunity in a city whose police system ought to be as complete as possible. It is to be hoped, however, that Nemesis will yet overtake this human wolf. *#* " Our boys'" have now nearly all returned from Melbourne, with the air of Fleming\x=req-\ ton still upon, them, the oil of Melbourne j barbers still exhaling perfume from their i locks, the dost of the city lingering on their holiday garments, and, in some cases, the gold of Melbourne jingling merrily in their pockets. They will settle down now to domestic duties. If single and unfortunate., they will gently " whip the cat if married, will take their better halves out for nice drives and spend every evening at home. Ballarat, from the description of one of the returned prodigals, must be a second " Happy Valley," where Basselas ought have dreamed his life away. Fancy beautiful gardens, with groups of splendid statuary, ornamental lakes and ponds covered with aquatic birds and filled with English trout leaping eagerly at the fly, grand streets, squares, and public buildings, and an apparently happy and contented people. The picture, especially the sparkling water, treat, and the warbling of English song birds is , too lovely to contemplate, after looking at this drought-stricken colony. 