fLJ0DIBS! , LETTBR. Bt "JLttoksy." Dbvk Pitllig,— '. Melbourne! ia beginning to settle down a little after' the excitement of Cup week and its attendant festivities, thouifh whether it will quite subside into the usual even tenor of it» way till after Christmas and New Year is another question. There are still crowds of strangers hero, who evidently mean enjojing themselves, and every steamer that arrives brings fresh -visitors. Only to-daj a lady was relating her woes to me. She had just arrived by the Puteena from Tasmania, with her twj children, for a month's holiday, and her first experience of our hospitable cily was, that she could not find & corner where she could rest and feel * thankful that she was on torra firma" once more. 'I he Federal, the Grand, the Victoria. Coffeo Taluces—she had triod them all, and the BUiwer was still the same," Can't accom modate any more, madamo." Poor thing. I pitiod her, for she was finally obliged to hunt in the suburbs, where I hope the was more successful. The Prince of "Wales' birthday ball was the last of the race week gaieties, and though it was wretchedly hot, and had been a miserable day, everyone seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves. As the greater portion of the guests were young people this is hardly surprising, Even though the thunderstorm which oame on did very little good in the way of clearing the atmosphere of its sultriness, a degree or two higher in the thermometor is of very little consequence, «' Where youth and and pleasure meet, To chase the glowing hours with flying feet." Everything was delightful, as it always is under the sway of our popular and over charming repreteatutives of Royalty, and dancing was kept up till about one o'clock. The toilettes were all good, though some of them bad lost a little of their pristine fresh ness. The style was there, and minor faults could be overlooked. Green, here as else where seemed to be the favourite colour, asd every conceivable shade was to be seen. Mrs. Fairfax wore a very handsome costume of rather dark green brocade, ornamented ' with pompadour embroidery, lire. Mulle son wore an equally handsome one in a light shads of Sicilian. This was ornamented with cinnamon-coloured satin braided with gold, and finished with gold fringe. Mrs. J?, C. Rowan wore one of the most artistic dresses in the room. It was of a pale shade of green with an exquisite band-painted group of flowers bordering the train. The petticoat wbb covered with beautiful boetle wing embroidery. Bur I rnuit really tell jouof one or two that were not green. Lady Locli wore a lovely gown of peach-tinted satin, touched here and there with palest pink. The petticoat was of cream coloured silk muslin embroidered with gold. She carried a bouquet o£ red and pink carnation?, and wore vmeruld and pearl ornament". Lady Clorke wore torquoise blue and gold, Mrs. Leonard cream watered silk trimmed with crystal aud lace ; Mi-s Sumner, pale yellow tulle; Mrs. Erswnrigg, ivory-tinted brocaded velvet, diamond ornaments. The Exhibition is now the main attraction left, and the attendance seems to be steadily on the increase. They talk of instituting fome popular entertainmouts, such as a Chinese theatre or opera, a gymnastic enter tainment by the pupils of Miss Dick, aud u concert by children from the various Bornan Catholic schools. I hope they will be patro nised, but I think that the exquisite treats at preaeut offered to the public in the way of orchestral music should outweigh all lesser entertainments. Certainly "old times are changed, old manners gone." Wlsafc would the shades of our grandmothers say if they could have read, as I did, in a home paper, that " a ladies' race was one of the features of Mr .Reuben Sasson's picnio during the Prince of Wales' visit to Hamburg. The best runners wore Lady Galloway, Mrs. GoldBmid, and MissWngg." liow their pale ghosts would shudder at the march of progress in tho nineteenth eentury. Thrr« is uo doubt we are going forward, but bow far are we im proving? What with lady duellists io France, lady runners under the patronago of our future king, there is no doubt we are far very far—ahead of them j but are we improved? "Ah! There's the rub." There it must rest for wiser heads tliaa mine to decide. We will go back to our fashions. Avery pretty fete ooetuine I saw the other day was of grey pompadour poplinette trimmed with Irish laee, tho skirt having a drape and flounces of the same. The 6lcev«B were finished with bows of broad ribbon, and there wero long loops of the same ribbon hanging in front of tho skirt. The skirt had paneis of old rose faille. A hat of fins fancy straw, with very wide brim in front, trimmed with narrow ribbon bows and streamers mixed with flowers, was to be worn with this costume. The whole effect was very stylish. One of the latest crazos in fashion at home (happily it has not reached us yet) is to have underlines, cor sets, »ud even bed-linen and quilts all made of black satin. Upon the Beds of some I fantastic people may be oow seen pillows aud bolsters of black satin, or mervilleux sheets of the same, and the coverlet should be of black velvet embroidered in silver, with the crest and monogram of the family. It must look awfully funereal, and I certainly should feel like going to bed in a hearse. A hint on pretty dicner menus is always useful, and some exceedingly pretty ones are in the 'form of a cardboard band, with "menu" in gold letters at one end of it, with two pierced holes beneath, correspond ing with two holes at the other end, through which a narrow ribbon is passed and tied in a bow, connecting the baud so that it encircles the dinner napkin like a bracelet. A button-bole i« often lightly pushed in, of Bome tiny flowers. The cardboard iB 9i inches long aud 2 inches wide. They aie quite euBy to make, and artistic flogers can make them quite well at home, aud a little knowledge of painting may finish them off, with some delicate spray or other design. 