A BLACK SHEEP: SO ATE EPI SODES IN HIS LIFE. By A.O. Chatter X (Continued.) — Danger. Human nature is human nature, an so many profound philosophers havo told ur, and this hoy was not a saint — far from it. What he saw in tho girl's aspect and manner told him that now ho might venture to kiss her with tho certainty of being forgiven, aud such ail oppor tunity it is not tho custom of tinregenerato young men to throw away. In the twinkling of an oye, and bofore she could unpin her skirt and roll down ber sleeves — which was her first in stinctive impulse — ho hail his arms around her nnd was pressing liis eager lips to hers, paying little heed to her bird-like fiuttcrings nnd modest struggles to escape. Ho had 110 thought of " insulting" her by this proceeding, or of harm ing her in any way. He loved her, as wo liavo said — with what young creatures, who cannot possibly know much ubout it, call love, and which is oertainiy a very ardent sentiment — and, though he was no Baint, he was a true man, anil had the true man's chivalry in him. But cer tainly he noted without any thought of matri monial contingencies. Annie, however, who was a saint, more or less, saw orange blossoms and wedding cakes, and all sorts of fine things floating in tho dis tance, as sho protcstingly, and yet not unwil lingly, submitted to be hugged and kissed. " O Sir," she murmured, when at last Bhe had col lected herself a little, and got her dainty dross smoothed down, " it is not . right 1 You ought not to— to think of me in this way. Remember your family and position, and how far above me you aro !" Duty required that sho should point out this formidable objection to the foreshadowed alliance. "How can you talk stioii rot ?" ho returned, in tender accents, laughing at her ; and lie dis missed such considerations - as altogether irrelevant to tho business in hand. "You dear little thing, I can't tell you how I havo been longing to see you again, and looking forward to this chance. But I nover dreamed of finding you alono in tho house. Did you stay back here oxpecting that I would bo coming thin woy ?" "Oh, 110 !" sho interrupted, quite shocked at tho bare idea of such a thing. "How can you think I should have been so forward? Wo hail all given you up." "It would not havo been forward — it would have been awfully sweet of you," licsaid, again drawing ber to him. " AYliy should you bo so shy when you know I lovo you ?" And ho kissed her moro boldly than ever. How should she laiow I10 loved her when lie had never spoken to lier since the day lie mot her first ? And she might have known that that sort of lovo was not of a matrimonial char acter, had not her good principles forbade eucli knowledge. "X love you" was, to her right- minded judgment, equivalent to "will you marry mo? " — as of course wo know it ought to be in all cases, whore a man addresses ft woman who is not bis blood relation, So that his care less question filled her with tho most profound emotion. "Aro you sure you love me?" sho asked him in an agitated whisper. "My little darling," I10 responded, delighted with ber implied surrenderund not thinking muchof terms on either side, " you know I do. How can anyone help loving you ? " " You don't know me yet," she suggested. " I- know you perfectly— as if we had been friends all our lives," he said, caressing her sleek, brown head. "I am not worthy of you," she went ou, dis charging her conscience fully. Something in this phrase staggered liim a little, and kept him silent for a moment. Tho ghost of an idea tiiat she might bo taking things over seriously flitted across his mind. But it vanished at oneo ; he would not liavo this delightful mooting spoiled by thoughts of anything beyond it. "Don't talk nonsense," he said lightly. "That's only a bait for compliments. You know as well as I do that you aro worthy of anybody or any thing — you dear little woman?" And again he was about to dishevel that neat white muslin and crush those pretty bows aud rosebuds that were already show ing tho results of his embraces — only at this moment ' tho sound of an opening door gavo him a shook which arrested his inten tion. , Mrs. Morrison came toddling in to the keeping room from tlie direction of the kitchen to see how the preparations for supper wero gottuig on. And there by tho supper table sho saw Mr. Richard standing, propping himself against the edge of it in a stiff and unnatural inannor. And there she saw Annie standing before liim, head hanging down, eyes veiled with modest lashes, cheeks ruddy as tho rose, occupied in picking a bit of green parsley into a hundred ' thousand fragmouts. Our worthy matron knew little of the ways of tbo world, but sho recognised what that meant. "What a handsome pair 1" was tho instant thought of her matornal heart ; and then sho prepared for action. Hail she been tho moot experienced old campaigner of a dozen London seasons sho could not have acted better. " Ah, Mr. Richard, havo you come, sir, after all ? AY ell, you're kindly welcome, nnd Rhody'll bo just delighted. She'd, almost given you up. Havo you been here long, sir ? " — warmly shak ing hands with him. "No," said Dicky, who had been there about a quarter of an hour. " I have only just como. I made all tlie haste I could, but somehow dinner seemed to be 24 hours long to-night— I thought they would never got dono. But you won't break up yet, will you ? It is not supper time for hours, is it ? I havo boon so looking forward to a ilnnco in tho barn. I hnvo beon asking your daughter if sho will havo me for a partner" — looking pointodly at Annie, who took 110 notice of tho hint. "Oh, sho will, with' pleasure, Sir; she loarnt dancing at school, and I daresay you'll find hor as good as any of 'em. But you mustn't forgot tho bride," said tlio mother-in-law slyly "I think Rhody'll want to bo number ono, you know— she'll look toharoyou nxk hor first." Thou she glanced at Annie, who was apparently ab sorbed in hor business at tho suppor table. " Go and got some moro parsley, my girl," Baid she, "There isn't half enough. There's nothing sots a table off like plenty o' parsley." A brief silenoe followed Annie's disappearance, and then the mother asked her young guest if ho didn't think the child wns- " looking well'" " She's looking lovely," Dicky rospondod with fervor. "Sho lias grown np tho prettiest girl I over saw." "AYell, sho is pretty. And I thought you'd noticed it," said Mrs. Morrison, "But, now, you won't turn her head, will you, Mr. Richard ? She's only eeventecu, and sho isn't used to gontlomen's attentions. You won't go for to — to" — she hesitated in some oonfusion, and then burst out recklessly — " You know what I mean, sir ; I can't say it I" Dicky s faco Hushed crimson ; lie did know what she meant perfectly. " I wouldn't," lie said solemnly, "hurt a hair of her head for all the world could give me." " Bless you, my dear," rejoined the gratified woman, too much overoomo by her emotions to remember to order herself lowly anil reverently, as was bor wont ; " bless you, I know you wouldn't I There's something about you that I can trust, and trust I will— let them say what thoy like." " Do they say I am not to be trusted ?" de manded Dicky, with some heat, mentally referring to Dolavol-Polo. "Never mind what thoy say, I don't believe 'em. There's a look in your face that speaks for you," said tho farmer's wife, bonavolontly re garding lum. "And you'll not ploy with my girl, aB somo young gontlemon in your place would do— you'll not tuko advantage of her becauso you've saved hpr life and mado her grateful — I know you won't. " Dicky, .as we have soon, was not so scrupulous as he might have been, but ho had a soul that was capable of being profoundly stirred by suoli an appeal as this. Ho began to hope that ho had not been something worse than a fool, and to make higli-uiinded resolutions. " That I never will," ho replied, solemnly; "never — ou my word of honor." " Then I shall trust lier to you, my dear. I shall trust you to take care of lior, with an easy mind." "I will take care of her as if she wero my own sister," said ho. But in thinking how lie should tako euro of hor, after what had just happened, the idea of marrying hor somo day necessarily presented itself to liis mind. It was rather a disturbing, even rather an appalling, idea at first, but lie faced it promptly. A man must do liis duty, ho told himself, and tuko the consequences ot h:s acts; und the prospect of braving tho world and dciyuig its conventional tyrannies had always possessed a fascination for ldm. AYhy Bhould ho not marry a farmer's daughter? It was nobody's business but his own, and sho was good enough for any man, let him bo fifty times a Delavcl. " Have no fear," ho said, taking the hand of the old mother, who had so effeotualiy pierced his most vulnerable point. " It shall never bo said that a woman trusted mo in vain. I'm not a very good fellow, I am afraid, Mrs. Morrison, but at least I am not a villain. No woman shall ever say that of me." "Bless yon, my dear," repeated Annie's parent, wiping a tear from lier oyc, and even showing an inclination to kiss him, with diffi culty repressed. "You are a true gentleman, every inch of you." " I hope so," said Dicky, swelling a little. And then Annie returned, and they could say no more. But Mrs. Morrison felt tiiat she had made good uso of her time — as sho certainly had — and was tremulously cheerful. "Give it to mo, deary," she exclaimed, holding hor plump hand for tho parsley, " and you young folks go otf and have a dance while there's time for it. I'll do what clso is wanted in the house." But Aimio was not prepared to go alono witli Dicky to the barn through tho dark yard and garden, though he entreated her so earnestly with his boyish bright oyos. A fit of maidon bftshfulncss possessed her. Sho looked nt her mother with a look that was promptly responded to by that intelligent matron. "Though, perhaps," said Mrs. Morrison, as if struck by a happy afterthought, "it would please Rliody better if you went and spoko to ber a bit first, without telling hor as you hod been into the house ; and mo and Annie '11 follow you in a fow minutes. AVc've got to mind our p's and q's iwi.il EhuJj, I call lull uu, Ml. Eioliani, mill she'd be finely jealous if she thought wo'd beeu keeping you all thi3 thno away from hor, and she the bride and all. If you'll just go and havo a dance nnd a hit of n chat witli her first she'll like it, and so will John. You'll find tho old man there too. We'll be after you direotly." " All right," said Dicky, " I will — if I must." And reluctantly lie toro himself from liis blushing lady love (who, tho momont he was gone, flung horself upon her mother's ample in-east, to confess that Mr. Richard had told hor ho loved her " in so many words"), and took his way alone to the rustic ballroom, where lio met with an ovation none tho less enthusiastic for being 'respectfully subdued, nnd was tri umphantly taken in chnrgo by Rliody. The bride, still in lier blue silk, and with a killing wreath of orange blossoms round lier head, was dancing witli great spirit mid vigor, but had nil tho evening kept a watchful oyo upon the doorway for his much desired appearance. She had mado such a boast of tlio compliment lie had designed to pay hor— sho hn<l stirred up so much delightful envy mid jealousy thereby— that if, after all, lie had failed to come, the mortification to lior vanity, mul to all iierteuderest woman's feelings, would liavo beon insupportable. Sho wns just beginning to despair, and to be harrowingly con scious that furtivo smiles and whispers wero permeating the company, which naturally was inclined to triumph a little in her disappoint ment, when her quick cyo caught Bight of liis tall figure in tho dimness of tho outer night: Instantly sho dropped her partner, nnd made a rush across tho floor, scattering the dancers right and loft without ceremony. " All ! there is Sir. Richard !" sho cried rapturously. " John ! John ! Stop that flddlc — tell them to lcavo off —and como and speak to Sir. Richard." John obeyed liis wife witli an alacrity that was productive of many winks and jokes, and the pair advanced together to the ham doors to receive thoir distiimuislied guest. Tlie festive spirit was in theipjtsmid ulso many glasses of punch mul negus. 1'eaco mul charity, and an all-comprehensive benevolence animated their lively souls ; and John was ready to think every man a jolly good fellow, let him bo whom ho might. " Comp in, sir, come in," he urged hospitably, " wo aro only plain folks, but you're welcome to tlio best we'vo got. Come in, Sir. Richard, sir, and wo take it very kind of you to leavo your father's 'ail to drink good health to tho likes of us — very kind indeed, wo do. Hero you, Eliza, where aro you? Got Bomo punch for Sir. Richard Dclavel — a fresh brew, mind, with plenty of good stuff in it." Tho punch wns brought, and Dioky imbibed it freely, anil himself began to fcol that it was a world of good fellows, and to be generally pleased with himself and his surroundings. Ho drank Rhoda's special health witli many compli ments ou lier charming appearance, and then, careful to avoid making further distinctions, -ffhook hands with everybody — oven witli Eliza, who noarly " dropped " as sho afterwards described it, under tho un expected shook. He . gavo liis arm to his young hostess witli as much deferential grace as if the barn wore a London ballroom and shea new-made duchess, and paraded lier about in a manner that mado her dizzy with delight and pride. Then he joiueil the eldor Morrison, who sat in a group of hilarious old farmers (himself the most hilarious of nil), smoking long churchwardens and drinking brown October that was as strong as brandy; and a great tankard of beer was added to the punch. The liquors wero too good to pass, anil it was thinity weather, and Dicky would not for the world seem to slight tho hospitalities that were so warmly pressed-upon him. Chapter XI. — Caught. Morrison was an old fashioned farmer of tho old fashioned days, content to do a3 his. father had dono before him. Tlie old plough turned up tiro stubble, tho horny hand scattered the socd in tlie f tirroira, and .when tho corn was ripe it was tho sicklo that mowed it down. Even tho flail was heard in tho barn still, though the 1mm of steam machinory was not unknown in tho village. Nevertheless, liis farm was (for an old fashioned farm) 111 good order; hedges trimmed and ditches cleaned and arops well up to tho average ; ront paid to tho day and profits accumulating — very slowly, but with a steadiness that is rarely experienced by men of his olass now-a-days. His system was to savo all liis money, pound by pound, instead of re-in vesting it in the land (in tho shape-of improved implements, drainage, artificial manures or pedigreed stock) ; to let nature toko care of her self, with such nursing as ho oould givo her without oxpeuso ; to be content with slow pro cesses, and small but safo returns. In short, to walk in tho benighted old paths generally, and tho system seemed to suit ills conservative landlord as well as it suited him. Mr. Dolavol was wont to hold up tliis comfortable old tenant as a model for the rest. In tlie lifetime of tlie previous Morrison the present one had been but an ordinary laborer amongst tbo hired men, with no prospect of marrying and making a home for himself until the death of his father loft liim to inherit the tenancy of tho farm. In like manner his son John was only a working bailiff to himself, and he nover dreamed of parting with his money in his own lifetime to set up that young man in tlio world. "AYliat I done," said he, "he can do, nnd what mi; father thought right I think right. The place '11 bo his own in the course o' nature, anil surely lio don't want to liurry me into my grave aforo my time." This was when it was firat broached to hiin that John wanted to get married. He oould not see what a man wautjd to be married for wlion he'd already got a comfortable homo and a good mother to cook his vittlcs and mend his clothes. Ho wouldn't hear o' suoli nonsense. John must wait as he'd a-waited. Plenty o' timo for the cares of a family when ho mis 10 or 20 years older.' Ho himself had married at 45,. and consequently that was soon enough for anybody. But John, though a Blow man, was a determined one, and lie insisted on not waiting till ho was 45. His father aud ho had repeated battles. All the family, savo himself, objected to Rliody, for one thing ; thoy did not consider lier . their equal in rank, nor eligible in any way. "And o'oourae you can't expeot to get 0110 o' tho right sort, whilo you've nothing to offer," the old farmer argued plausibly; "but wait till you're tlie master hero, and then see how tho gals'li run nrtcr ycr. I waited until I camo in for the place, and what was the consequence ? AYhy, I got yor mother and £500 down, with silver teapots and liouso linen, anil a mahogany bed stead, and goodness knows what besides." John replied that he was quite satisfied with his humble choice, and that all he wanted was a littlo something to start witli— a few hundreds Oil loan, that lie would bind bimsolf to repay in certain instalments. Upon which the old man lectured liim at great length upon tho iniquity of borrowing. Ho hail never owed any man a penny in liis life, and never would, 110, not if lie wns to starve for it. Once you weut into debt you wore dono for— ruin was a mere matter of. timo. John naturally proceed. father to givo him a small lnstalmcw — — inheritance, if that was how he felt aboiral., loan ; and then the old man went into a passion, I nnd declared that whilo ho was above ground, at any rate, he'd take -core o' tlie bit o' money he'd had such hard work to scrape together. If people chose to make ducks and drakes of it when lie was in his grave, why, let 'em, and he thought it iiard that a father as hod givo his son a good cddication, aud as com- fortablo a home ns any in the land, should be turned agin' like this and wished out o' the way so as others might step into ids shoes. This kind of thing continued for some time, anil John used to carry tho discouraging re ports to the coastguard station when he went to see Rhody of an evening. At last that intrepid and resourceful young woman stepped into tho breach, " Let me tackle liim," said she, " anil seo if I don't make liim change his tune." She tackled him accordingly, and with complete success. In a short time sho was able to wind him round lier little finger. Her energy, lier impudence, her fearlessness, her practical view of things, her general "smartness" captivated him — for oven ail old farmer of seventy is a man, anil a man is tho prey of tho appropriate siren while the breath of lifo is in liim. Not even sho could persuado him to untie liis purse strings, but short of that she could beud liim to her will And thus it came to pass that the marriage was allowed, and that patriarchal arrangement for tho maintenance of tho young couple entered into — an arrangement that gave father and ilaughtor- in-law equal satisfaction. It was tho latter's sugges tion and contrivance, but the former bolieved it to be eutirely his own brilliant idea, and was therefore very proud of it. It seemed to him that it answered all tho requirements of tlio case. "Not only oosts us nothin' — for wo shan't miss what tho gai eats — but gives us her services free," said he; "and many a penny she'll make and save, I'll bo bound, with that clever head o' hers." AVhou Mrs. Morrison pointed out that two missuses in a house never had been known to agree, lie captiously told her that it would be her own fault if she didn't get on with such a gal as Rhody, who'd brighten 'em up so as they wouldn't know theirseives. And when the joaious mother deprecated the plan on jinnie's account, tho old man hotly affirmed that it was just what Annie wanted — such an example of industry and practical good sense as her sister- in-law would afford her. " She won't lio ubed or be trapesing off to church o' churning mornings, leaving lier mother to do all the work, " said the farmer, newly conscious of his daughters shortcomings. "And when Annie sees her bustling round, maybe she'll be stirred up to imitate her a bit." On this wedding evening, ns ho sat amongst his cronies, as happy as a king, taking all tlio credit to himself for the joyfulnoss of tlio occa sion, Rliody camo behind him, put her arms round his neck, and kissed liis purpling cheek witli a resounding smock. " AYell, old man," sho said heartily, " and how aro you getting ou ? Aro they looking after you as tlicy ought to ? " He took his pipe from his mouth and re turned the smaok with vigor. " Fust rate, my duck, fust rate," ho cordially replied. Thon, turning to the company, ho added with pride, " She's tho gal to take caro on yer." "I mean to tako care of you," said Rhody, with determination. " I'm not going to lot you drench yourself in thunder storms samo as you did tho other day, laying up rheumatics aud lumbago for your old age. Good folks aro 8carco," " And so are pretty gals," said tho farmer, saluting hor rosy cheek again. "And thoy must bo took care on too. Have a sup o' beer — come, do ; it 'HI do yor good. She do a credit to \sd, Master Richard, don't she ? Many's the poor young man that's broken hearted this day, I'll be bound I" Dicky declared that, for his part, ho was ready to cut his throat for onvy and despair : at whioh Rhody bado him "go aloug," and then remindod him that, if ho suffered ill that way, lie had only himself to blaipc. The jest was taken up by the circle of old fogies, who at all times deemed it most appropriate for young people, but on this occasion felt that etiquette domanded that it should havo tho fullest and broadest treatmout, and Dicky was rallied upon tbo supposed stato of his heart, tho supposed effect of association and example upon it, at great length. Ho boro it good humoredly, and oven entered into tho spirit of the thing, -admitting the hypothetical young lady and tho possession of all the tender feel ings attributed to liim, until lie found tho general company gathering round to listen and to mingle thoir guffaws with the wheezy cackle of the old men. Then a sudden spark of irrita tion flashed from liim. " AYhy aro they not dancing?" he demanded, sharply. Somebody suggested that they " didn't like to make so lrold," now that lie was prosont, which quickly drove him from his seat, and sent him striding across the ball room, in searoli of the orchestra, whioh had retired to a dark corner, and was sileutly burying its nose in tho inexhaustible tankard. I11 a few moments lie and Rliody wero dancing a vigorous polka up and down tbo Kirn, and all the heavy, shcopisli men in shining broad oioth and gay neckties and all tho girls in thoir Sunday muslins and alpacas and bowa of bright ribbon wero dancing around them. Rhody, by way of showing tlio high tone required of ono who associates with tho aris tocracy, effected to despise the barn and its simplo gauds, but it really mado a very charming picture. That tho floor was ridgy and rough — that the seats were mainly composed of sacks of corn tucked up in household dra peries — that tho light was produced by tallow candles guttering into tin sconces, and was scarcely strong enough to define the outlino of the roof, or to inconvenience tho white owl on her accustomed rafter — tiiat the air was lioavily charged with strong, warm, mealy, grainy odors that tickled sensitive nostrils like tho smell of ripe grass inhaled by peoplo affected with hay fever — only added to tho charm of tho place. The walls wore hung with bunches of ovorgroens and flags of glazed calico ; a rough stage, formod of a shutter laid upon bushel measures, preca riously bore up aAYindsor chair which accommo dated the musician, a harmonious blacksmith, whose fiddlo was an indispensable adjunct to all Dunstanborough festivities. A table in a corner was loaded with bowls of puneli aud vast jugs of beer and negus. Tho rustic revellers wero in artistic harmony with thoir surround ings, and their enjoyment was good to see. From the broad aperture of the doorway — both the great leaves being thrown baok — the lovely night looked in, not quite dark yet, and full of stars and mystery. Dicky thought that, if only Annie would come, nothing would bo wanting to make it the most perfect ballroom in the world. "AVby doesn't she como?" ho demanded of the bride, in irrepressible impatience. " Sha's helping her Ma," said Rhody, care lessly. " And can't tho otliors do that? AYhy is she drudging in the house, liko- Cinderella, instead of dancing with tho roBt ?" "She likes it," said Mrs. John; "and sho don't caro for dancing. She's too religious." " Rubbish ! Send somebody to tell her she must come. Everybody should deuce at your wedding, for luck," lio added ; for he kept most of his wits about him still, in spite of his .potations. Ho stopped dancing himself, mid immediately the fiddlo stopped. Eliza oamc by, hearing empty jugs to the oollur to he re- filled ; and by her the young missus, whom Eliza was prepared to rebel against as such, sent a rathor peremp tory message to Annie to give over pottering after the supper, aud como iiloug to the barn. "Tell her Mr. Richard Dclavel wants lior," sho called after the servant, witli a sharp laugh. Seeing that he had aroused a littlo suspicion and jealousy in liis young hostess, Dicky set himself to restore her confidence in him, and in her own prc-eniineut attractions, and, of course, succeeded iu no time. Anuio was forgotten in two minutes, and Rhody was languishing on his arm in blissful triumph. She reminded him of what ho had said in the morning about the silrer teaspoons, and asked him when sho might havo tho honor of his company to tea. "I shall be most happy to come," said Dicky, "any day you liko to ask mc." "Thon suppose wo say next Sunday" Rhody suggested, being a young person not given to letting the grass grow under her feet, and belonging to a class that dispenses witli tlie formality of a honeymoon. "By Sunday I shall lie quite settled, if that would suit you." Dicky determined to invito himself to school- Iroom tea 011 Sunday, and then to get tho good- natured governess to excuse lum without saying V iytbing about it. ''All right, "be said ctann Sunday." _r courso, "ST. "" -" " enthusiasm, the men flinging-id taken up with snapping their fingers as they swuYfh arm3 au< around their partners, and tho girfa relpl's?44 with smiles and rustic antics us they twirled . their full petticoats in the dusty air Dicky flung himself into tlie fray with as much ardour as any of them, for lio loved a reel and could dance it well, and some of the Dunstanborough maidens, who had come to tenants' and servants' parties at the Hall, had been his partners before, and wore of proved efficiency. He did not, and was not required to, observe any ballroom eti quette ; he wns privileged to consult liis own goodwill and pleasure only ; so lie took ono girl and another, as fancy dictated, dancing with each for just as long as it pleased him, and then returning her to her rightful partner, who in 110 case resented his temporary depriva tion. I11 this way ho gratified a great many people, found variety anil interest in liis own performances, and Held himself nt liberty to appropriate Annie as soon as sho should appear upon tho scone. But, in faet, he did not do it of design. I am sorry to say liis head was so full of tlie fumes of punch and old October that he did not quite know what he did. AYhen Annie camo at last sho wns accompa nied by hor mother, and Mrs. Morrison's arrival was takon ns a signal for supper. At sight of her, Rhody, the mistress of tho ceremonies, held up her hand ; the fiddler laid his fiddlo on his knee; tho dancers paused, and held their sides, and panted, nnd flapned tlmnwelvnv witli fhoir hnudkorcliiefs, and trooped laughing towards tho door. But Dicky wns not to bo robbed hi this way. He swept them back witli nn imperious arm, Mrs. John and all, protesting that supper wns not to bo thought of at this absurd hour. Como ."' ho cried, with a voice and gesture that mado the girls look at each other and w nsper, AYell, I never ! " under their breath, holding out both hands to tho shrinking daughter of tho liouso. " Come along ! AYhat shall it bo ? Can you waltz, Aunio ? O yes, I know you can. Play ua a waltz," lie shouted' to the hlacksmith, who was about to descend from his rickctty rostrum. And the musician, reluctantly returning to ids AVindsor chair, struck up tho venerable Elfin waltzes; and Annie, standing hesitatingly just within the barn doors, was taken without moro ado into her lover's arms. " AYe have lost nearly an hour," ho said in an impassioned undertone. "AVhy didn't you come before?" He whirled lier into the room and down to the far, dark corners — growing darker and darker as ono after another the candles burnt out in their dripping sockets— and mechanically sho foil into his step nnd moved witli liim without conscious ness of any offort on lier own part. Sho had learned to waltz at boarding school, and she was naturally light footed nnd agile; but sho did not know whether sho wns doing well or lit, aud did not care, bho was filled with emotions that transcended all trivial anxieties of that sort. Her conversation with hor mother hail assured hor of tho lionorabloness of Dicky's intentions, and tlio prospect that had opened before her bewildered lior with its magnificence. Sho was young and healthy, she had had her dreams like other girls, and this noble youth, who had hitherto dwelt like a young god of Olympus so far above her, more than realised them. So site yielded gently when he strained her to his breast as they waltzed togotlier, aud sho touched his alcove with her soft cheek— a touch that mad dened him in his present state— feeling it lawful to thus express herself now that ho had told hor he loved her, and told her mother that no woman should over say he had deceived lier. Tho other people wero duncing ; they had a spirit in their feet, us Shelley says, which made t impossible for them to stand still whilo tho fiddlo went 011 ; and in tlie confusion and dim ness about them I10 took her through tho wide doorway into tho open air, where tho sweet smell of cow's breath mingled with tlio odor of stale straw, and where it seemed so quiot and durk— darker than it really waa. Tho inomont he found himself, safe, as ho thought, from observation — not remembering the conspioiious- ness of a white dross and tlio distauce at which it can bo scon when tlio stars aro shining— ho flung his arms round lier, tightened thorn until she gasped for breath, and kissed her with a vehemence tiiat mailo her tremble. Ho was in toxicated in moro . ways than one, and quite reckless of consequences by tins time. He told her that lie loved ber again nnd again, calling her his darling, his precious one, all tlio tondcr names that passion could cleviso ; and when she asked liim whether ho would lovo hor as much as that always, swore by his honor, and all that a gentlomnn held dear, that he would be truoto hor, and to her only, to his life's end. Suddenly, into the midst of this madness, came John Morrison, himself as cool and grim as if lio hail taken nothing stronger than water all day. Annie gavo a littlo shriek, and Dioky, in liis fury, nearly felled tho intruder to tlie earth. " Steady, sir, steady," said John, panying tho attaok witli more quickness than might have been expeotod from a man of his build and habits ; and in a moment tho hoy's wild beast impulse passed, aud ho waited in a ;iauting silence for tho inevitable question. "AYhat does this moan, Mr. Richard ? AVhat aro you doing witli my sister out here in tlie dark ?" It was Aunio who spoko first. " It is all right, John," sho Bnid, with a noto of goutlo triumph in hor trembling voioo. "Hois not doing wrong— no more am I. AYe are — wo are engaged, John." Sileuco followed this statement, whioh was a shock to Dioky as well as to John, but not nearly such a shock as it would have been an hour ago. Then the brother declared that he didn't believe a word of it. "AYhat does Mr. Riclrard say ?" ho inquired, after a second pause of inerodulty nnd astonishment. "I say what Miss Morrison says, of course," replied Dioky. " AYe aro engaged — if she is good enough to aoeept me. " "And what does tho squire and my lady think of it?" queried John. " I have not asked them," said Dicky. " Does nobody know 5" "Notyet. And I think," added the boy, whr was sobering with great rapidity, "that it would bo just as woll to koop tho matter to our selves for tho present." "I supposo you have only just made it up between you ?" The Biienco of the young pair gave assent to tliis. " I'll toll you what it is," said tho former, iu a changed tone, "tlie liquor itas got into your head and you're oxcitcd. All tho fellows are making lovo to-night— they don't know what x they're doing, half of 'ein, and they'll forgot al about it to-morrow." AVith great dignity Dicky begged that he might not lio classed with those human pigs who did not know how to behave themselves in ladies compauy. He hoped I10 waa a gentleman, at any rate. "All right," said John. "AYe'll talk about it in the morning, 11ml see what you havo to say tlieu. You'd better come to supper now. Rliody's hunting for you high and low." (To he continued .) 