/ ' ' A VJEKDlsri'A. ' ' . A cold, blcnk'nf tcrnoon, lato in October, willrclouds that hang low in tile sky, and a sort of dnmp mist Uoveriiig over the (lilt boig throueh wliicii ourrosd stretohes intermin- ably before us. Not a cheering prospect by any manner of means ; and, as wo have already driven' fivo""monotonoas miles, and have four more to travel, over, perhaps, tho .worst bit of road in County lUayo, In that fiendish invention of human ingenuity, an outside car," I might surely ho excused if jny spirits were not nt their liigbcst pitch, 'especially as I finished' my last cigar two miles back, nnd nm beginning to cast en vious eyes nt. .Larry's stumpy black, plpo. Nevertheless, I never was in hotter spirits in triy life,' nnd am oblivious alike to mist, bog, dreariness, nnd discomfort. I bnvo done nothing but whistle waltzes and reels sinco; tho last cigar departed this life — nay, lmvo I not laughed nt overyone'of Larry's frequent jokes till, by my rash encouragement, ho has hQcome elated, and thrcritcns to grow into a bore. On the wholo, it' would, tnke-a good denl to depress me to-day. Arid no'wondcr, for my regiment has only been home n week 'from tho ".gorgeous East" I have just got my , company, nnd to-morrow I nm to bo. mnrried to tho sweetest girl in tho world. Bless her sweet face I I Bmilo as it rises up. before me, with its glittering mist of golden hair. I wonder If this yenr bns chnngcd her much : but what cluingq could there bo.' in her winsomo face rind protty ways?' Let me see, Was it not aoiriewhere about' hero wo parted ? Yes, there is the olfi cabin with its ernmbling roof lvliero wo stopped when I lvoiild lot her go no furthorj arid then Larry and tlio env overtook lis, arid I drove away, leaving lier standing there with, tier violet oyes shining through tears, and bor mouth quivering with tho effort to smile. It wris not n day like thisrthough, I remetnbor, bnt bright and clear, with a sharp, cold wind. . . " OK, how could I have gone nnd left her llko tliat I How I' wanted to carry her. oil then and there, and never let her 'go again.) But nevermind ; the weary year 1s ove.r at Inst, and after, to-morrow- no one shrill over part us. 1 Hero wo overtook an ancient fchinlc iri a cap and striped shawl, who turns up to us a Tnce like n'very old walnut, nnd I recognlso- Sydney's old nurso. " Why, Biddy, is it yon?" whllo delighted exclamations of, " Snre, nnd it's the captain himself, nnd joy bo wld blrnl" proceeded from Bhhly. . I nm not Iri tho gazetto yet, but' they nrc always good enough to give ono brovct rank nt Ivilhiggln, nttor tho . flattering custom of the Irish peasant, " Why, Biddy, this Is a long way for you to be from bomcat thla timo of day 1 Jump up, and we'll give you a lift." And so, with a shower of benedictions, tbc. mildest of which ought to make mo n happy man for life, lliddy is bnulcd' Into, tho car, and the gray ranro once more resumes her usual jog-trot. "And how are all nt tho house? How's Mlsi Sydney ?" I ask, wlion tho big basket lias been safely stowed nwny snd Blddy'B tbnnks rind npologics wero over. "All, then, enptnin, ilarlin', tboy'ro. nil as well as well : hut Miss Sydney, bless tho swnto dear I sho'tl bo tho better for seeing, you." " Seeing me I what do yon menn?" I In quired, hastily, rnthcr startlccb " Sho basu't .been 111?" . . r " Ntvcr a bit of It— tbo saints forbid I But Its wenryln' she'll ho fern sight of your linridsomo face nnd she beams upon mq In1 n <?ny wlileh ts friendly to a degree; while Larry grins sympathetically; - " But It's shocking bad wenUior, Biddy," I say, by way of changing the conversation, \yhich grows personal. " I hope It won't bo :thl3_sort of thing to-morrow, I aril sure;" and 1 brilf iinconschiusly touch the pocket where, in its silken hnd velvet -case, rests tho woo golden fetter wblcli, -.to-morrow inoralngi will chnngo n mnid Into a wife, , , " Ocb, tbln, don't bo nflhcr tblnkin' such a thing!" says Biddy, ludignnnt. " Isn't it a Sunday' child Miss Sydney is, and hasn't, sho had tho-luqk.AU her life, and is It ralnin' it would bo on .licr mrirrlnge-diiy? Slittrc, and tho saints Would ho mighty Ill-natured If thoy didn't knpo off tho rain, good lack to tbim, bet I don't belicvo their hearts is that black. No, sure, it won't rnin, don't you. think it— nnd wlint for should it 1 Isn't it a happy, blissid bride the sivatc dear's a-goln' to be, and ain't wd alt as pleased as pleased 1 Barrin' yon'ro '.ri goln' to' take the blessed child to that bcttucr country away over the say." " Only to England, Biddy," I sny, linmhly. Si." And isn't, thnt bad enough, I'd loiko to know 7 Sure, nnd yo wouldn't bo wanting to bo taking her nmaug tbir.i haythen blacks?" '" Ob', dear, no, of course not," I answer, hastily, " but England isn't far off, you know, and wo shall always be coming hack. By tho way, ..Biddy, how's Miss Sydnoy's great uncle at Bnllyragbs 1" " Tho heavens, DO his bed, he's bcttlicr 1" is Biddy's piotiB answer. "I'm precious glad of it I I thought ho might ho going' to dlo rind thon, you know, the wedding would have to bo put off." "No, thin,ihQrivasn'tgolng todlo ; no fear of it, -I waj- ipjghty -bothered, for lie's my own foslcr-b'rother — indadc, nnd It's tho troth I'm- telfih' you ; but I knew he'd pull through wld his sickness, snd I never 03kc<l mcself ntthcrbt all, at' nll;-for I got word froin' me' brother's daughter's son-ln- lnw's uncle; as Is my master's own boy at Bally- ragln, and tho banshee's ne'vor been heard at nil, nt nil." v " Tlio banshco 1" say I, with surprlso, and feeling inclined to laugh, for a banshco seems a slondor reed to trust to ; ' " but I don't sco how that proved it," ... " Sure, and how could a'Glynno dio wld- out tbo banshco n-glvin wnrnin'J" asks Biddy, solemnly. "l)'yo think thcy'rojust loike any common family, that can die, and no notico be taken?" " Sure," says Biddy, looking at mo in sur prise, "ycr not roan'n to mnko fen of It? Oh, capt'in dear, don't ho doin' that ; but maybo thegrcat pcopleln England nivcr has tho banshee, nnd so ye don't know." Biddy-says this In a pitying tono of voice. "No, I am happy to say they don't abound in England, though 1 don't doubt they aro verynico. But do they always -tell when people aro going to dte ? That'mnst bo very convenient." A thought crosses my mind that tho afilictcd relatives can order tliclr mourning beforehand nnd grlovo in advnnco, llko the Queen in "Through tho Looking-Glass." Biddy still regards mo with suspicion. " Iri some families tho banshee's heard to keen whinovcr a misfortune's coming', hut tho Glynncsisonly heard whin it's a death," sho says simply. "And always then?" " Always, capt'in dear ; and it'B everybody as'Jl tell yo the same. And another thing ; most banshees, anybody as I» Oirish can hear tblm; but the Glynnc's banshco, it's no one can hear it ns hasn't tho blood in their voins ;' Yvo hcerd it ngin and agin, for it's the blood as is in mo veins from tlio ould stock j but I haven't heard it now for many and . many'S tho. day. None of thim has" died for fifteen years nor mora, praise be to tho saints I' Tho lnst"was Miss Sydney's grandfather. Ocb 1 and didn't it mnkc me flesh creep to hear it I" :. . . I hope it donlt oxtend. to'.tbo. husbands tho Glynncs marry," M srijv trying to bo' .decorously grave.-,; ' \- 11 V.'hv, Larry TiWrol's liecrd if jrr coritinues- Biddy. " Don t yo' mind, Larry, whin the ould lord at thq.dristlo was took'sick, and wo heard the. White-Lady out ia tho park all night?" ' " Ay," says Larry with sritisfaction. " And don't I mind—" - But hero "wq are ia sight of. tho low, grey stone -House. of Kilbiggin, arid there— yes, there is Sydney on the strips. .With one bouri'd I am .off tho car arid at tho door, -arid-she and I --aro together again onco more. The first rapturous meeting over, wq.nro nlonc, in thc draiying-roam, with its ; carved celling nnd deep muilioncd windows ; the tables and. chaira, are covered with a- . litter of cotton wool and silver paper, and-' yards of 'striiig form pitfalls for tlio unwary ; for Sydney is displaying to mv gaze the wonders ot her wedding present's. Sho has just come in froiri a walk, nnd in her glossy sealskin jacket and golden-brown hat with its long feather , dfoopipg. nniid tho bright .waves of her hair, Bho mnkos tho bonniest -picture artist ovef tried in vain to paint. My 'eyes follow bor ns. Bho flits from ono thing to nnother, while the wild rose color in her checks deepens and changes witlrevcry movement. IVtiy does. affection always look imbecile? I catch a glimpse of myself in tho carved mlrror opjiosite, and rim quite startled at my own idiotic expression. ' " Look, Harry dear ;. what a lovely after- nodn tea-tablo from dear Mrs. O'Dowd— will it not bo pretty in our littlo house?. I am so glad you like ten. Oh, by. the way, what about lodgings j could yori got nhy nt Win- Chester?" . . " Oh;-y'cs,'to bo sure, Imcnnt to tell you ; very nlco ones, near St. Gross. : The colonel's wifo got them for mo ; she bos' been awfully good about it, and sho and Llinvo scoured the town In search of rooms ever sinco wo arrived; I', thought that would he tho best plan | to go Into lodgings until wa' could look about us at leisure- for ri pretty littlo house.'! . "Yes, Indcedi'AVliat fun it will bo f Fancy , tho furnishing I Trim' bo glad wo are hot goirif to be likeeomo nr my. people, always living in othor people's furnitUro. I nhoiild linto that, should not yqu ?;-Whnt a dpar littlo hoeec wo shall have ;-:all low, coriifortoble choirs 'and'1 Persian- rug?.;.' ; Jkam afraid it wIl)'lnot: look.qalt'c respeotriblg, it will bo so' very pretty,'.' . .. .. " Why'; are' prettiness nndrcspefitabillty In-; cornpatlblo ?", I ask; laughing.- . ...' '" Very often. . Don't/.you, always notice, that tho more correct and proper people arc,, the 'uglier and stiller .the; things they have about tlicm? But wo have nucha lot of pretty ncw.work. 1 niri so glnd roost of my pres ents have been' things for mylhouso ; cvori .Biddy's grandchildren mndo tno that kettle- holdor. Wos it not nlco of thorn ?" " But thla is not for 'the Iiouso ?" I say tak ing up a Russia lealhbr travelling-bag, with gorgeous fittings. ' "No; that Is from Sir. John and Lady .Murphoy. Wasn't It good" of them? And Oh I Harry, I had 'Almost forgotten to thank you for that lovoly dressing case,. I ncversnw nny thing. so perfect; and tho dear littlo mongram on everything I ' And this pearl nccklnc'o Is from tbo eristic ; nnd '.that Is not for the house, oitber, of course. - But then- there Js grandmamma's grand silver tea- set ; and— oh, yes I thes'o camo from ' London yesterday, from -auntie." ;Anil sbo displays two aranll Jdpsnncd/ spleo. cases Of cheap appearnnco and hideous in design. " From Lady Susan Stanley ?" I.inqiilrc. " By Jovo, how ugly I But uhe Is an awful old- screw, Is sho not?'1 "Well, yea, rather, I'm afraid. Really, Harry, yo.u know, thoy nro not vory pretty ; wo can't put them in tho drawing-room, can wo? Rut still, It was very kind of hertosend them.'.1 " Well, then, let mo sco ; this crin't bo for the honapTeltlior nndl 'tako up a curious sort of littlo dirk, in a sheath of black and 'gold; of bnrbnric pattern and mnko, " unless itn brcad-knifa la disguise.- l/liy, Sydney, child I exclaim In surprise, ns I nrirrowly oscnpa cutting my -'flngors with .'the 'kc'cn 'sharp blade, "wlint a mprdoroua; weqpon 1 Wlint sentimental school friend Bont you this, moved by rceolloctioris of bandit tales and midnight attacks ? Or is it the fashion in the dnys for ladies to go about armed to tho teeth ? I shall havo to bo on my best be havior, I see, if I do not wish to havo a taste of cold steel." As '.I, look up somewhat surprised at re- cciving.no rcaponse to my laughing remarks, I seo Sydnoy's elenr eyes clouded over and ri troubled look on her fnco. " All, Ilnrry, don't I" she whispers, comfng closo to me and laying .her hand on mine. I' Put that horrid thing down ; I bate the very sight op it, there Is such a disagreeable tale In connection with it. Let mo tell tt to .yori now, and get it over. Do you remetnbor ray telling you, just beforo you loft here last year, that there wns a young fellow coming to tho rectory to road with Mr, Hnivley? And I was so plehscd on account of the Raw- loy3, thoy are so poor, nnd I know.it would be a hv'lp.to thein. Well, just nttor you hail gone he arrived— a dark, morose creature, with black eyes and a horrid, cynical smile, 1 never took to liim in the least, and after-, ward I grow to dread him, ho was so cruel, Harry. Ones ho killed a dog because it would not follow blm. How could I liko him after thnt ? But ho was always fallowing ma about and bothering ; and ono day ho met mo out walking nnd would join mo, though I tried to show blm I did not want hlrn. And nil nt onco, beforo I knew what was coming or could stop him; he was talking in tbc most passionate manner, telling me I was the only thing lio lived for, and thnt I should care for 1dm. I was sorry for him nt first, but I got quito angry nt Inst, when he iv on 1(1 not stop in spito of nil my remnii. stranccs, and so I told him that I mrist hog him to bo quiet, sinco no gentleman would speak in that manner to an engaged girl. " ' Engaged I' lio said— just that ono word, and then stood quito still before mc. "Yes, "I told him, most cortainly I was 011- gnged, and supposed that hu was aware of it — ovorybedy know it. Ho turned upon mc a face which appalled me, and said, in tones wbtoh froze my very blood, — '"'And do you think yon shall marry nny one bnt mo ? Yon bad bottor not dream of It. If that day ever comes Jt will bo better for him that he hod never been born I Take enro whllo thoro is timo I This timo next year I shall come again to ask you, aud then, if you refuse me — ' " Ob, liow bo frightened me 1 no looked like a demon. I turned nnd ran from him, and, to my joy, ho did not follow mc. How I got homo I scarcely know, but the next day I heard he bad left tho rectory suddenly nnd gono to travel nbroad. " I novor wroto to you about It, Ifarry, be- came it was not tho sort of thing ono could tell properly In a letter, and I Waited till I should see you. I havo never heard nnothcr word of Fergus Fitzgerald since then, until tho othor day when this arrived. Whether ho sent this ns a warning, or what, I do not know, but I have tlio most unnccountnhlo horror nf it, pcrhnps from tho recollection of htm, and ever nlnco I havo liud such miser able presentiments of something frightful. I have been nervous about you, Oh, Harry, liow thnnkful I wns just now to see you Bafo nnd woll?" " Why, Sydney, darling, you're growing eo superstitious ns old Biddy i " I say, laughing and kissing tho slight fingers thnt clasp mine. " Now, for iriy part, I think It merely a civil net of Mr. Whnt's-his-namc, to show you ho regrets his violent conduct, and tacitly apolo-. giscs by Bonding yon such n-weddlng gift. Men nro . not 'quito "accountable for what "they 'do or what thoy Bay -when thoy nre. deeply in love, and no doubt he bar, been sadly' ashamed rif hituself for same time, and wants .to let you know it. He certainly hns queer tasto In gifts, but it.is.a porfeot thing in its way," nnd I take up tho littlo weapon once iriore, this timo with more caution, nud try onn plcco of paper tho blade, which is ns keen as a razor, of exquisite temper arid finish, and engraved with curious arabesques. " After all, it is the neatest thing of its kind I ever saw ; no manufacturers of this sort over equal foreign work. What is it, Spanish, Moorish? " , . " Cosriean, perhaps, Ills mother was n Corsica?, and lie wns brought tip on the island, Pcrhnps that accounts far sonic of his cccen-. tricitics,". " Upon my word, tt is not a bad thing, after .all;" I say. "Tho taste for tho ciirlons' Is rabid now, nnd .it" would look rather woll on your ohnlolnlno; , Sydnoy," and' I hold It against herslde.: " Oh, no, no | " she.- crjes, shrinking back. '"I. would notrwcnr.it for worlds I Do not, Hnrry; pleaso. I 11 Very, well," I say,.seolng Bho really do 13 dislike tho subject,." then you Bhall not. But 1 hope your reliictnnoo does not ejetend to thoso." . . I produce the caso which bns.b'ccnthobano of my life during the entire journey from town, and lay beforo her. delighted eyes. tho family diamonds. - ; ' . - . \- " Oh, Harry I '.'.Is all sho can eriy, and then' Btnnds still In -.admiration. , "Oil, Harry I But how— why— wlint l-'Aro tlioy not the St.; Maur diamonds ? How do you com'o to havo them.?-" . " Why, my grandfather sent riio word that- thoy had always belonged to; a, bady St. Maur, hut, ns.liri is nn old widower, bo thpnghi, .tlio heir's wife "was the proper person to wear them. Good of tha oUl boy, yvasn't jt. 'X have not lmd them reset, I thoughtyou would like the old stylo best. They wevo done i for my grandmother whoif sho was 'presented as a bride." v ... ' ' ; " Oh, yes ; thoy are lovoly, so quaint rind unique. How sweet of your grandfather, dear old thing ! Can't we go rind thank birii when we go heme?. St. Maur is not far from -Win- Chester, is it? " " No, that? is jolly. Wo can often run ovor to see the old boy." ' I smile to sec thnt In tho sparkling gems Sydney hns fargotton nil about tho Cerslcan "dagger. ' ' . ' 1 . . , CHAPTER II. It is London, nnd it is November. Wobava been mnrried just ri week, and nre beginning to grow nccustomcd to tlio fact, arid to realise that wo are not tho very first people In tho world who over entered into tlint holy cstato. , Sydney lins 'nt last neased to start and laugh whoifs slio comes Into breakfast and finds letters addrcssc'd to "Mrs. St. Maur',' nt. her plate j already tho hotel waiters lmvo ceased to grin furtivoly nt the sight of us, and stray hansom rinbmbri no longor look for an 'extra tip. Tho first obtrusively newly mar ried look is beginning to wcaroff, . As for, mo, I epciid iny days in wondering what I ever ilhl in all my unworthy life to deserva the. blessing, thnt has come to mc, nnd in niarvclli'nghowl lived through nil tlio dark, ivcary, nlmlcss years before it camo. Perhaps wo Blmll linvo thirty years moro of just such happiness ; perhaps forty or fifty,' wo nro yet so young; - London is delightfully empty; I have not seen half a dozen people I know, and thoso I have successfully avoided. But to-night wo go to n dram, or something nt Lady, flnsan Stanley's; ' . 'Tenplo might leave us nlono until our honoymoon is fairly ovor, but Sydney's tender little heart Is afraid of offending her old nlint If wo do not go, so wo nro prepared for ri night of pcrianco, anclTiinko up our mi ml a to tho worst that can befall. My Sydney Is In her bridal dress— sheeny satin nnd forest-liko lnco-nnd I have clnsped on tlio diamonds 'myself, though sho laughs, nt me for wanting, her to-wenr them, arid says they are too firio for Lady Susan. I have a fancy for seeing her jest ns sho was on her marriage morning,' but Bho'Iooks oven swootor, for sho is not so - pale,' I could look nt her nllnigbt nndncvor tire, and iHs just m yr«U thnt I hny«',thnl gratification; for other amusements at Lady Susan's have I nono. It is all very stately,; very dull, very nri-ful. '"Respectable nnd stupid. What did I tell'yoii ?" says Sydney, wisely. 1 A littlo bod music, a grunt deal of dreary conversation j twice ns many people as tbo rooms will bold, who como and 'go la -bril liant . attiro; Sydney need' not have been afraid of being too gorgeous. I elbow my wny with difficulty to the refreshments nnd procure n tepid fragment of pink lea, floating -upon a sea of. its molted self, nnd this dolicacy I grimly bring back to Sydney. ' Poor little sweetheart I " While I nm still nfar off I sco her flitting desolate and pensive, with a tired and perplexed look on her dear face. - " My poor child, yon nro bored to death, and no wonder I" I sny, ns I reach hor side. " Let us make our escape as soon as possible." Bho looks nt me dreamily and risks (ri an absent sort of way, — "Harry, what was thnt extraordinary noise ? Did you heat1 It just now ?" ' "No!s'o7'! Inny, with mild irony.. "Well, yes, I should think so ; tho Infernal gabble is enough to deafen ono." " Ob, no, not that ; I dun't mean any ordinary noise, bat such a strange, sobbing sort of Cry that sounded abovo everything else, a wild kind of wail — the very saddest thing I ovcrbenrd— it almost riindo mo cry, and yet soBweet and clear. What could it have been?" "That bony woman In blue and gold, like an edition of the pnot3, who was singing ' Ilohcrto' just now. Hor volco was certainly high enough nnd melancholy enough, but I must say its sweetness novor struck mo." " Oh, no, Harry, I don't mean that at all ; It was when no ono wns singing, and it was not tike singing in tho least, but more like aery ntn wnko than any thing olso. I wondor you did.uot bear it, and it is odd uo one else seemed to notico it, though' I heard it so plainly, and it was so loud and high. I wish I knew what it was." " Something in the street below, no donbt, unless yen fancied it, which would bo no wonder; this sort of thing is enough to give -ono tho bines. - But come, Sydney, let us cut the whole tiling nnd go to the theatre for an hour ; you know Aunt Susan offered us her box, and I bear there's something rather good going on." "Oh, yes, I should like that. It has been rather stupid, has it not7" and she brightens directly. So wo retire from tlio festive scono and go to tho theatre, whero pcaplo aro in convul sions of laughter over goodness knows what. For my part I can sco neither head, tail, nor plot to the whole thing; our pursuit of pleasure ia not crowned .with success to night." - Sydney laughs a Httlo, bnt does not seem much interested ; and presently alio turns to mo, looking palo and unhappy, and says, im ploringly,— " My dear boy, don't be vexed with mo; I know you will think mo a dreadful goose, but just, thon I had such ri fright. I ntn nlriiost suro I saw Mr,- Fitzgerald in that corner by tho wall ; ho was iooklng up with thoso dreadful wild eyes "of his, and tho moment I looked at him ha turned and went out. Ho was in Bomo kind of a dnrk cloak; and looked so odd I But I nm almost ' Briro I could not mistnko thoso oyes I" "But, my darling,- 1 thought you said be wasn't in England," I romonstrato. ' ' " Neither ho was ; ho was abroad, but It wns.so'liko him, arid (t gnvo mo such ri tori rlblo shook I Don't think mo a goose, Harry, please." - . "I'll toll you what I do think. I think you nro tired out, and wo sbould'bo far bettor off In our own oomfqrtriblo room- than in listening to . nil this, rubbish ; come along, thorc's a dear child ;" and-X put her fleeoy" wraps around her nnd take hor away. But midwny:nlong the corridor she stops shoit, and look's up into my frico.' . ' . | "There, Harry I" sho says, earnestly— "there it Is again, that long, wailing cry. How very strange I Surely yon muBt .liavo heardthat?".' ' ' -.v ' Why, Sydney, it is mere-fancy I" I say, shaking hor gently. "If X don't mind I shall liavo you ill. .You're nervous, tired; rind excited. I shall not ho .easy -In; my mind till; yon are at home'and have tnkcri something and without more ntlo I get her- down staira and back to our hotel as quickly nsl can; Orice in our-c'osy room, Sydney rccovors' her usual spirits. I make hor drink ri glnss" of w;ino and sit by tlio lire, nnd Bho is laugh ing, morrity at her own , foolishness, when tb'orri is ri tap nt the door, rind n waiter comes to tell mo that one of my brother officers is waiting to sco mo in tho coffee-room 'on im portant btiBincss, and- rofoscs to . come rip stairs. -' '. _ / "Oil, bother Frnmptori!" T say, ' with a' groan.- " IVbrit ri time of .night to come arid disturb one I Oomo up hero, indeed ! I should thirik.it a gTcatilccQ of ohcok if ho did I : I ;dori't llko leaving yqu, Sydney I" " " Oh, don't mind that, denr.boy. I am all. right now. I'll tbllyou what, Iwiil putflway the-' family jools ','and tako down my hnlr whllo you are gone, arid thcn'como bnok nnd brush it'herb'lwhllo yon havo a uioe. May I?" ' May you ? Of 'course yon may anything; that Is, If If you don't object to tho smeU of tohneoo among your goldoriloeks." . ',"0!i,.rio; nnrl wucan liavo a nico chat over tlio tiro. Don't bo'gond long." " Not a second iDiiger'tlinn I can holp." " If I grow sloopy before you como baok I! shrill Ho down and wnit ftfr. you ; but mind you wako me',' .Ewant tp sit- with you while you smoke." . ; " ' , : " All right. Has your mhid gono to bed ? "Yes, I told hor sbo nriod not sit up." - " Very well, thon ; I'll go down to.Framp- ton. Mind, if a ghost should make Its appear-' anoo you can receive it with the 'celebrated .dagger ; . I saw 'it on your dressing-table when we went out, I took it to cat tho string found your flowers." ' ' x " Don't bo silly 1 "'nnd she pauses with her hand on her bed-room door, to return the kiss without which I cannot yet leave her for ten seconds. " . ; _ Frnmnton is waiting in tho coffee-room profuse In npologics for troubling 1110. " At suchn timo of nil otheni,'my dcrir fcllowl Wouldn't havo hnd it happen' for the world i Wlmt will Mrs. St.'Mnur think of me?" etc. ' Howovor, his business really Is Important, nnd do wlint Iwill, It Is nearly thrce-qunr- tcraof an hour, nnd very near riiEdnlght, when I seo Ida broad shoulders tako themselves off. Poor littlo Sydney I she will bo tired to death watting for mo, nnd; 1 dash up stairs to make up for lost time. ' -. Sydney Is not In the outer room/however, nnd I pnuso fern moment with my hack to tho firo, and smile as I think I need not lmvo raced so frantically otter all. ' Then 'I. re member what sho said about lying down, and I move towards tho bed-room to sco if sho unit iniicn niiecp, wncn my eye falls upon the " family joolB " lying In n dazzling heap upon tlio table. Careless littlo woman ? Any ono might hrivo como In nnd carried thom off :nnd sho not a bit tlio wlsor. I stoop to gather them up. Something else is lying neat- thom —something almost as bright as tlioy. With fin-Indescribable sensation I bend nearer rind seo .that It is tho Coraican sheath I Jciiow' ho woll— tho quaint; curious, black mid" gqUl shcrith wound about with 'n long 'sliinln'g -tress -'of golden hair, so; smooth, .so fino, so sunny itoan only bo froiri ono head in all the .world.. ; I -.'. H ' : , , . > Why. docs my blood turn to ice, and. my' hcnr.t cerises suddenly; to heat ns 1'lrike lt in my .iiriud rind seo-thnt somothlrig Is smeared upon the freshly severed edges—something wotnnddvririnnndrc'd,-/" ' . OGQ Somehow I reach the ncxt rooni nnd dash , open the door; somohow I cross the floor . nnd am besido tho white bed, where, rill in- - her pure, dainty bridal roh.es, her hcnntifiil hair floating about hor likd a galdcii _ veil;- lies my love, my trensuro; ray 'bluo eyal darling, my bride of nwoak; sostill, soBilent, so deathly white, with a long, 'sharp knife in herhcnrtl ' r 