A Bundle of Sticks. [For Figaro.] ( First, the turfy young man, with whip in his hand, He takes ten to six, | That his steeplechase horse he safely will land/ j 'Cross the sticks, 'cross the sticks. Then the editor vows> without copy supplied, i4 His paper he'll fix; j He seizes his scissors and finds by his side I Paste which sticks, paste which sticks. I See that gorgeous masher who tries to turn round, I It gives his neck cricks, i Because of the linen which made him renowned, | His collar upsticks. i - ' ■ I Again in the bush you may see in a yard, 1 A few charging Micks; | But the stockmen are ready and give it 'em hard I With their sticks, with tbeir sticks. i I I And, lastly, what settles the youth about town, I In whose pocket is nix ? What is it that finally brings him sharp down ? It is ticks, it is ticks* 1 One Erasmus Adolf Opers appears to have given j himself badly away in Hongkong. Adolf filed his ! "shovel" hoping thereby to whitewash himself, i decently and make a fresh start for fortune. TTn 1 luckily the official assignee discovered that the insolvency was chiefly caused by gambling in stocks, and Erasmus lias,now been erased from civil rights for six months ftith hard in gaol. Brokers in Hong kong have been considerably startled in their little dove-cots or hawk's nests. But what ashevoo there'd be if every gatiibler in stocks, say in Broken Hills and Mount Morgans, in Brisbane got a little six months in St. Helena. Queen-street would be awfully lonely opposite the G.P.O. A youth rejoicing in the name of Dunn has been and gone and done it. He had the gargautuan title of bakers collectors1 assistant, and also a gargautuan appetite he aimused himaelf by eating a cheque for .£1 5s. Possibly, the bread disagreed with him and he wanted a change.' Anyway, the baker got no change,"andDunn is remanded for sentence by the Melbourne beak. A useful and remunerative punishment would be. hard labor with a pump stomach species for choice.' Anyway, the incident has stirred.up either my bile or my muse, I don't know which u Man cannot live Son bread alone/' , (You*ve heard that said before), Betimes tie wants a chicken bone . To chew up wilh his jaw. But Bitty Dunn the bakers' boy , Checks his hungry mood, When-bread his palate gan to clop, With cheques for change of food. Father DamiIbn. is dead, and probably few people ever h'eajd of him. Yet he wis as great a hero as any that ever lived. He, from his own free will resided in the ieland.ofMoolkai, the leprous hospital of the Sand wich Islands. - No one there lived who was not a leper, and save himself; no one would go near the place unless forced. Yet Damien devoted his life to the wretched inhabitants, and after living with them for some ten years has at length died of the loathsome disease. Me. Kennedy Bbown editor of the Norman Chronicle was, a while back, run in for a criminal libel action, through remarks made in his paper re the destroying of T. Amsden's store by fire at Norm an ton. His many friends will be glad to hear that no true bill has been found, and consequently the case is quashed. At Kadina, S.A., a much mutilated letter has been picked up, believed to be an original written by Gordon at Khartoum, of July 31, 1884. How this letter got to Kadina is a mystery, but as a large number of Arab hawkers have been in the township lately, it is supposed the letter was dropped by one of them, more especially as four Arabs were seen standing almost at the spot where it was picked up. The gist of the letter is that .Gordon would never give up Khartoum. DEAF.—A person cured of Deafness and Noises in the head of 23 years' standing by a simple remedy, will send a description of it FEEE to any person who applies to Nicholson, 65 William-street, Melbourne. Viscount Hinton, the eldest son of the Earl of Powlett, is earning a precarious living- as an organ grinder in London. On the instrument is displayed a card inscribed, •' I am Viscount Hinton, son of the Earl of, Powlett.— Vide Burke's Peerage." To what base uses do the English aristocracy come, the noble Viscount once played clown in a London theatre. Now, had he come out here with a few good suits of clothes and plenty of cheek, he might have been a civil servant doiltcherkuow. married an heiress, or run up long hotel bills and drawn still longer bank dittoes. I'm not hint-in' at any gilded youths in particular but just showing how Hinton has missed an opportunity. A Queensland lawyer went to the Melbourne Ex hibition aind found it a worse place for emptying pockets than a Queensland race course. He went to the Torrick Club one night, and, making the ac quaintance of a medical man there, disclosed bis financial difficulties. Esculapius lent, him «£20, and over a final whisky wished him luck. Next day the lawyer left for home, and Esculapius learning that Queensland was indebted more per head than any other colony, regretted he had not an acknowledg ment to go on in case of accident. But he did not write to the lawyer in these terms. He was told that if he applied to a Queenslander in that style he would be without an acknowledge all his life. Ac cordingly he wrote, saying he .would be obliged if the lawyer made provision to meet the little loan for <£100. By return post came the answer:—"You did not lend me; <£100; it was only £20." " Ha ! " cried Esculapius, and he filed the letter. That respectable and well-informed journal, Hamp er's Weekly, to wit, publishes the following extract of the report of Dr. Owen, secretary to the Investiga tion Committee of the British Medical Association. Br. Owen has carefully examined the-history of 4234 now deceased lives, for periods ranging from 25 years upwards, and he found that the average age at time of death in the following five classifications were as follow :—Habitually temperate, 62*13 year3; careless drinkers, 59 67 years j free drinkers 57*59 years; de cidedly intemperate, 52*03 years ; total abstainers, 51*20 years. Teetotallers will note that putting blue in the buttonhole is calculated to make you blue in . the face at the thoughts of how one shortens one's life by total abstinence. A Rockhampton man who was asked what he thought about the display of fashions on the Rand wick racecourse last week, replied sourly, that the more shapeless a Sydney woman makes herself the better she thinks she looks. It is lucky for him that wherever this opinion was made known, the fact that he had plunged on Grey wing, and was consistently sticking to others that did not come in first, was also made known. It happened not 100 miles from Tambourine that on one evening very recently, a certain respectable member of society and his grown-ttp son were pro ceeding homewards on horseback. On passing over a bridge close to the residence of the local M.L.A. both hones began snorting and immediately the son perceived, as if emerging from beneath the wooden surface, a curious-looking figure, with neither hea< nor tail, and presently it flapped its wingB (whit* > wings), consequently horses took flight, bucked ani plunged, and finally tore up the hill to tbe house ol the Member. They had just breath enough left to inform him of what they saw, after first rousing him out of bed. A ghost it was I nothing less. Oril not, a madman. Of course, the M.L.A. must investi gate the matter, so he summoned his men servants and sent for all his convenient neighbors, with orders to fetch their guns, dogs, &c.; In about h&li; an hour an army was equipped, consisting of seven men four boys, six dogs, three guns, axe handle (the MenSber's portion), pitchfork, slip panel, and two shovels. Strict orders given to "fire below the belt" in case the ereature turned out a'' live ghost." In a few minutes they reach the scene, could discern the figure, dogs barking wnke up poor old tramp, who remarked—" He was afraid he frightened two other chaps that passed a short time ago. Talk about a Belli Bowbs for years had been unable to find enough healthy excitement to stir its local pulses, but some shrewd philosophers evolved the idea of starting a second paper, and now whenever the Port Denison Timet wants a little fun it launches out at the B>weu Observer, whereupon the latter'a editor whoops a philaloo and proceeds to wade in gore. This is one of his recent styles of flourishing his literary shillelagh " Some of our contemporary's lick spittles have dared to malign us, and insult us in a public place, to wit % public- house, by frying to fix a quarrel with as. Retribution will surely follow, as we are on the scent. We intend to deal with the individual in question in such a way that he will wish 'his father had never married hi* mother,' and that his name was not —- O'Caltagkan," Bowen is evidently improving in the politer progress of a young democracy, and ought to be worth living in shortly. The same paper dances a war-dance over the flattened-out form of Sir Anthony Mupgrave, remarking, with a delightful candour, " Now Sir Anthony is down we may as well kick him," Per haps the explanation of all this is to be found in another announcement acknowledging with thanks the receipt of a splendid sample of colonial wine from an unknown friend." A GBNTLKX&N; arrived in Sydney during lost week and sent his card to the various newspaper office?* endorsed with the legend^ "He has arrived/' There was much speculation as to the line he followed, bnt the general impression was that he announced a new comedy. When he appeared in person he was taken for a champion high-standing Jumper. He turned out, however, to be a journalist, and as he represents himself as being a conspicuous figure in Queensland Press circles, I am given to understand that he will soon get a show. Wet can't the smart man of tbe staff put himself under an Anglo-Saxon caption P As soon as a civil servant gets on his stool he lays himself out to practise the making of a signature, every curve of which will denote mystery. So the smart news paper man, when he obtains the fee simple of a commn. He is *' On Dit," or u N'lmporte," or "Hors D'CEuvres," or '* Mbi-Meme," or something of tbe kind. The adoption of such captions is the first note of intellectual poverty " Now that you have had your supper and break* fast here," mid the thrifty housewife to tbe sun downer, " yon might cut up some of that firewood for me. It would be cheap «nough for what you've had." " So it would," replied the tramp, moving leisurely towards the gate, "but,yon see, I'm a Protectionist, opposed to cheap labor. Good morning." A Nobkutton man found himself, in the course of his travels, in the Cosmopolitan Hotel, Sydney, the other day. Opposite sat a Frenchman eating melon with pepper and salt. Norm&nton; looked on for a while, and then called for a melon. He dusted the fruit with pepper and salt, as he saw the Frenchman doing, and put a slice in his mouth. He then went over and striking the Frenchman in the face knocked him unoondeious to the floor. He paid the fine, bnt it is still dangerous to show him a melon. A 8uxicnt rbbobt—beer. 