Table m\\. teraboH of the Gorman Commission at tho |ni: Molbouruo Oontannlal International gii, alitor In runny ronpoota from those who i to our lltst Show. Tho pxoaont CJoramtBBlon (by a theoretical professor, whom tho Gorman liU luul buon obllgud to ahulve, and labot Billiy I*, nor mo thu members of tho Btalf sons of I'jiirt tftlloiB who flyht duols for want of aomo Bui work, Thu proaont OommlHslon la Brnatl, Siilmtrlous one. Profoaaor Rouleaux had a Jc( ftdozun "chief auerotarloa," " Boorotaiioa," |kj," but Horr Wermuth has only ono aaalatant |ra.\n who Ihih alroady tlono exhibition work linu In 1880*1, IiWull Wermuth, Iroporlal Gorman ^Oomtnla* [tlw Melbourne Centennial Exhibition, wa« , ftnd 1h u uivtlvu of Hanover, Hlti fathur (CVmmljilonor of I'ollac, and I'roaldont of thu puiimunt body at fllldobhclm, Aftur ptmiuliiK |iulli:n i\t Hit) Unlvuniltlua of fiiilp/ly, Holdol hu untorod thu tfovurnnumt nur Hu was attuuhud to thu Dupartmont of IkIWIM ulsii umployud on upoolal (lorvluu In the V* «'t tho Intoilor, la 18811 I hi was tranii |>ho Impurlul OliHiHiultury lu llurlln, whim ho v»il')ii!) Important poHtii, until ldti appoint (JomiiibiMlunor for (lurnmny at thu C"K l'.Mhl\»UU>ii, Ilurr Wunnuth, who In a ll In llm Uuittmn Army, inarrlud In 1881 N'mu P Huukuii, iltuinhtur nf llovr lUmltun, dlruolor r'M Hunk la lU'uiuun, Hhik.iuh VON niiuwouottticr, tho iiuoretavy ruiniNuu for t|lu Ourmau Kiinpli'o, hold*, I urniivny, thu ponltlon of hrlvy Huorotary lu fmi ^'"toh'y for Oomimiroo and Induiitry, » >«ntH pitst hu him ucitod In thu oaiiaolty of V Vn'l°UH 'llllll'u'^lotial uxhlhUlonn whluh liiiw by thu Imput'lal Uovurninont, notably l'*'.1' 'mil"b I'hlliululphla, llniiMolii, and thu I 'JOxl,ll.ltlon of 1880, Hurt1 lul',1 I ulnt) Wl6u "moll autlvti Norvluu an a |i(l l|! lllu Wl^ aKalimt Auutrla In 18(1(1, I W 'll1* l'°U^«unt, tltu I'niimiau Uuai'dM, he was so badly wounded in fcho battle of Sadawa that he was loft on tho field amongst the dead, The young soldier had boon struck by a bullet, which paused through his head, but In some miraculous way without injuring the brain, Herr Dobrogolakl's ease formed tho subject of upoolal study to tho medical men who were attached to tho Prussian army, After his recovery, which naturally was very protraoted, ho ontorod fcho Olvll Service of the Gorman Government and gradually rose to tho responsible position ho now I holds, * m * . Hioiui Fran?, Jaffd, tho architect of tho Gorman OoramUslon, la a native of Borlln, and was born In 185"), Ho holds an appointment In tho Prussian Do partmont of Public Works, tie has alroady earrlodout many important works, but mora especially those for various oxhlbltlons held In tho Gorman capital, Prior to his dopfti'Utra for Australia, Ilorr Jnil'd had just com pleted tho plana of thoprojootod ICalaor WUholm brltlgo, which 1« to bo tho largest pontlnu structure In Borlln, und will oonneot tho Untor don Llndan with Kaiser Wllholra Street, Horr JulW luan ollloor in tho Uusorvo of the Guards, and altogether a superior gantlotnan of artliitki tastes, * « * LI mum Hugo SohnarB-'" AlquUfc," Is not a momborof tho ChmmtHiilon for tho Gorman IQmpIro, but has boon* specially Hont out by tho German Art Association to hung tho pictures, and generally arrange and suporvlso tho ditpartmuiit of Flno Arts, Horr Salman Is a well* known Gorman Hottwoapo pa In tor, Ho began life as a morolmnt at Hamburg, where ho WAS born III) yoaru ago, Unvoting all his lolsuru tlmo to painting, hit) llrst nfctumpM wore several hlglwilaiw ploturos, which hoiiont out of hln iiti'lbr, bearing tho signature of " Alqulut," HubiMiuontly ho retired from buslnons pursuits, which woro ahvayM Irkttomo to him, ami wont to Merlin wlioro ho ontorod tho studio of 1'rofus.ior Otulu, Ho remained under Mm tuition of thin mmitor for sovoral wlntors, ox hlbltlng his paintings In tho AoiulomUml oxhlbltlons of I hi ill n ami tho principal oltlmiof lOnglatid anil IVranoe, Itorr MuhniviH having found that hhi aitliitlo earner had boon mowt raplil and marked umlor hln pseudonym, ho hioi aildiiil It to hi* family namo, itiul In now known, OMpuolally nmongiifc arfclttlH, ait ilorr " Alqultifc," JImhu M'« I'', Jliilmo, who 1h nil untwlui'luil mcmbor of tho Oonnan Ooinmlsitlou, wan born In 18'Jfl lit /Ittau, In Saxony, and In early life resided for aomo years In England. Ho has been engaged for many yoars In oommoroUl puraults, and for a long porlod was prosl dent of the Chamber of Oommeraa at Okomnlttt. IIerr Bahso, Uko Ilorr DobrogoUkl, la no strangor, having paid us his flrat visit in 1870, nnd at the last Melbourne International Exhibition he aetod as dolegato of the Saxon Ohambor of Oommoroo, which ho also ropro aontod at the Sydney Exhibition of the provloua yoar, During the Inlorval botwoon the Melbourne nnd Sydney Exhibitions ilorr Bivhss paid an extended visit to FIJI, Samoa, Tonga, and the adjaeonb Inlands. In recognition of hla aorvtoos In tho uauso of German trade, and oapoalally Gorman and Austrian eerarola mamtfaoturos in Auatralaala, tho .Roynl Ordor. of Al« breoht of Saxony I. 01 ass, and that of Knight of Fmnz JoHoph of Austria havo boon oonforrod on him, \- * TiiM Hov. Mr. ITItehotb oaouplod a good doal of nt lontlon at tho raaont Wisloyan oonforonao, hlii Iobh favored brothron apparently nob approving of Motho (list olorgymon combining busluoss with ploty. Tho rovorond gantloman bosldou filling tho position of prln olpril of tho Woaloyan LIUIIob' CJollogo, Is " consulting" odltor of tho Daily Tttlngrayh^ odltor of tho fijwotator, tlio wookly organ of Woiloyanlum, proprietor of a Hour mill, nnd i\ largo sharolioldor In gold, silver and tin mlnoo,ln gas, tram and coal companion, ooll'oo palnoua, and other ruuumoratlvo undertakings, Mr. L^ltohatt la oortnlnly doaorvlng of prnlso In having Buoaoudod In ad vancing hltnsolf In llfo. Thoru In an A morion n son# oomttionolng 11 It la tho rtunrry you tlolvo Muko year umrk " and tlio refrain " make your mark" whloh runs nil through tho uong, doubtloim has boon laid (o hoarb by tlio rovorond gontloman, who from tho vary beginning whim ho whh a quarryman at Urunswlolc, Ims religiously foil(iwml tlio prooopfc, and hi still doing HO. Wio havo all hoard imtuh about Mr. VorguM llurao and bin book, Tho Afj/ntrri/ >\f a /.tanmnt (Mb, hiduod t inyiuilf Imvo gtvoii publlolty to tho muttur, Mow ovor, I hopo that tho publlo linn not boon dooulvod by tlio quantity of mtwn that haft boen publlnhod on tho iiiibjout. I am a law abiding olll/on, and oiKmtiloiinlly I pro for tomipply a topic for convocation by Mtatln/f n !uut) rathur than maltouommnnlu. You uruatwajH i'lj<hfc no Iouk an you statu faottfi but wlion your Journalist) ventures on the aea of comment, there is no telling when ho may be culled upon to defend tm action for libel. These reflections may bo quite foreign to the paragraph which follows, but as these thoughts occurred to me whilst I was reading Mr. J. "VV. Trischler's acoount of Mr. Hume and his MyBtcrjyin a recent number of the London Meaning Pott, I place these remarks where they stand, whether they are apropos or not. Mr, Trischler, I should mention, was an advertisement canvasser in Melbourne, and this fact seems to prove that if Australian literature is to mako progress, our authors will "all have to associate them selves with smart canvassers, in the same way that English dramatists now have to reckon on the stage carpenter for their Buacess, Mr, Trisotiler starts by telling his "interviewer" that Mr. Fergus Hume is 22 years of age j a native of Dunedin i is a barrister of the Supreme Court of New Zealand, and . until rcoently occupied the position of managing clerk in the office of Mr, Sydney Raphael, a Melbourne Solicitor. Mr. Trisohler further disoloses that Mr. Hume arrived in Melbourne about threo years ago, without any money, and wrote " a psychological story," which was refused by all tho publishers, justna all the theatrical manages refused " a farcial comedy" by the same author, called The Bigamist, There is, of oourse, nothing cither very startling or astonishing in all this. Any youth of 19 may have "a psychological story" or 'a faroical comedy" refused _ by - Melbourne pub Ushers or managers. But now we> are really com ing to some very startling items, so, I will lot Mr, Trischler speak, and please remember that the. ts are * not mine, but Mr, Trisohlor's, until you roaoh tho end of tho following paragraph, . - * # * " Then," says Mr, Txlsohler, " ho started with the ' Mystery of a Hansom Gab,' He offered it to all tho Melbourne publishers without success ) then to the Now South Wales publishers, and thoy all refused it contemptuously. Ho personally appealod to the managing diiootor of the biggest publishing company in tho Australian colonies, who told him that even if ho took tho financial risk and published tho work himsolf his firm would not put tholr name to it j that it wr.s no use offering a book to tho Australian public that had not previously boon submitted to tho judgment < f tho English trado | that it was a colonial work wrltt<n by a colonial, and thovofovo was not worth putting a penny into, Hurao o file rod to pay tho wholo cost If thoy would-undortako tho publishing, but thoy rofusi.d to havo anything to do with It, and ho had to tako his MS, homo with him, and boar his disappointment ns host ho oouU\ Well, at that tlmo I, who am an old Australian, had just rcturnod to Molbourno from Oall* fori.ia, whoxo I had boon oonnootod with Bancroft's, tho biggest publishing firm on tho Pacific slope, l wm on tho look-out for decant MS, to gat hold < f, whau a mutual filond said, 'Why, thoro'a IToargus Humo, an old ahum of yours | ho has wrltton a novel j why not got lilm to lot you rond it?" I c)Id MO, f oommonood that MS, about 8 o'oloolc ono evening, and oould not put it down until .1 had Unlshad It, about 7 tho ,i<oxfc morning, I dooldod thoro and than to pub lish It, and in Oatobor I published 0000 aoplos at Is, up to that tlmo an unheard of edition as far as thu oolonlou nru oonoornod, most oolonlnl editions being of 000 and lOOu, 2000 being aonsldorad a vory largo num. bur, I took all tho ttnunoial risk, in November I published another edition of <"000, and in the February following an edition of 10,000. Wlillo thoso were being Hold soma copies appear to havo roaohod Jflngland. A Thornton publishing house lnutruotud their agent by cable to offnr mo oiirtiiln terms for tho International copyright, At tills tlmo I Imd no lntontion of publish ing In .lOngluml, but this offer oponod my eyes, Tlio agent iceu.lud somewhat In Ills tonus, and 1 broke oil! iK'K'jIInt itniK and offered tho copyright In another London publishing lioiuio of high repute, making tho tonne, au I thought, prohibitory, Within /our days of tlio rooulpt of my letter thoy wrote bank o/l'urlng mo 7n pur mint, ol' what I linked, I refused 11, got a J!e\v Melbourne oupltallstti to Join mo, brought tlio work ovm1 hum to pulillnh, and lit thin little plgatyo < I' an ollloo wo liavo been doing, and are doing now, a ImimI hunh Hiidh ai astonishes tlio London publishing* trade, On lU'd puoombor wo publluhod an edition of ft0,00i) j early in .Tnmifuy n further edition of 25,000 ; at Hie end of tlio month nn edition of 50,000, of which wo have only 7000 left J and now thero is another edition of 50,000 in the hands of the printers, who are working night and day. We can't supply the trade fast enough*11 m # A nivAti to Mr. Eider Haggard as a writer of ro mance has appoared in England In the person of Mr. H. B; Marriott Watson, the author of a book called "The Arahuna," which has just been issued. Mr. Watson is anatlve of Melbourne, bub was brought up in New Zealand. About throe years ago ho went to England, and has been a contributor to the St. James Qasetto for the last 12 months. Ho will certainly take high ianlc ns a writer of sensational Action, for "Arahuna" is evon more fascinating than Hag gard's "She," though the plot Is not so onrefully con structed. Tho mysterious young female, who gives her name to the book, was " raised" somewhere beyond the Ice barrier in Antartic waters, To all appearances she Is a daughter of the fire flend, and is wanting In certain humnn characteristics which tho terrestrial raae flucl useful. She cannot comprehend the emotions of fear, love, hate, but in other respoots is a very beautiful and intelligent young lady. fche works great havoo In a quiet English homo before she rejoined her fiery race by a fly lag leap into tho orator of Kilauoa In Hawaii. THE following is a copy of a letter received from the proprietor of a oountry journal by a pressman In Mel bourne:->" I tako this opportunity to write and ask if you know of a reliable loader writer who would send me a leader every wook on tho loading topic of tho day, I would esteem it a favour if you spoke to such an one on my behalf. Tho price 1 would give is fivo shillings weekly." I boliovo tho roply was somothing to this effect ! -I am not acquainted with anyono so dopior nbly reduced. In circumstances and so utterly lost to self respect as to aooopt suoh au engagement as that, which, In a moment of inoonsldorato Uboralifcy, you havo been good enough to oilor, If X did, I should present him with a shilling and recommend him to es tablish hlmsolf as a crossing sweeper in this city, being firmly convinced that his oavnings would bo muoh moro considerable in that oapnolty than thuy could possibly bo by writing loading, or misleading articles for lour and nine ponao not. Is llioio no Statu school boy In tho district to soilbblo a oolnmn for you on tho terms proposed ? Or oouUln't you steal what you want from a distant oontomporary, and savo tho llvo shillings?" \- * . MM, Oharlos Wnrnor'a (Irio porfovmanao of Hamlet is ono of tha topics of tho wool*. And what a fascia, fttion that mnstorplaaa of tho master mind scorns to possess for all sorts and conditions of pooplo, at all porlods of llfo and in ovory oountry, Think of na Itt. difl'oront version of It having been playod In Uormany by a strolling company of EnKllsh playors, and la Eng. lish, too, as oarly as tho last duoiulo of tho sixteenth oontiuy, Ourlously enough tho only momburti of this band of btrollors, whose tiumts havo come down to us, wuro Thomas I'opo and George llryan, who aftorwards jolnod ShakHpuaro's company. In Italy, Franco, Spain nullum, Hungary and Itua&la;, Hamlet Im utmost an well- known as tho best plays In tho dramatic llturaturo of ouch of those countries | and It goon without, saying that, lit tho t/nltod Staton, this marvellous creation of our myrlad-udndud poet Ih um popular as In all uthur English speaking oountrlos j popular, not mutely on tho boards, but In tho ntudy ami by the flro-slrtu, Our. vlnu# remarks that whenever tlui inuuu of Hhakspuaru U mentioned, the play of Ifamlut (Irst ooinun to ruinum. braiiee | anil John I'hlllp Iventblo wan uooustomod to nay t-"Tako up any Hhakiipunro yon will, from thu first collection of hln works to tho last, which ha* been rnnif, and look what play hours tho most obvious markii of puruiial, My 11 Co for It, thuy will l.u found In thu voliiinu whloh oonlaliiti Iho play of Hamlet, " What In tho explanationof thin'/" Why uliouhl thu most inotuph^ stoal ol' all tho poo I'M (Iranian, and that whloli duals with thu profottniluHl, probloniM that havo perplexed tho human mlml, bo Hiidh jUi IIHUIUIIM) favonrltu with tho (juntlu nncl simple, with the scholar, and with th 1 think no one has answered tlil3 rmogr e"n1^ torily aa Haalitt, where he affirms thatilT50"'' sayings of Ilamlet are as real as n", «' This reality," he goea on to observe"^ reader's mind. It Is we who nre Hamlet '" the one of Shakspeare's plays that we think ' because it abounds most In striking reflect! life, and because the distresses ot Uanita Mi' ferred by the turn of his mind to the^nl,?'' of humanity. Whatever happens to him* ^ ourselves, because he applies It so himselfai'1' of general reasoning," ' ''E What a brilliant reputation awaits the w gifted with tho courage as well as the ability i,j, to us the Hamlet of Shakespearean lie«0( i^ii, of tradition. That Richard Burbage, thotitr! nent of the character upon the English %c ,|'j have no manner of doubt, The author ot tfci vellous oreation would naturally give hbcomn!, partner the bonbflt of his own conception ot it one can easily imagine tie dramatist, who p'Jj ghost, whispering aa occasional aside to there-;-)! tlve of Hamlet when the latter did not peil«u| liia own notions of how tho part should ho In the elegy upon Burbage, which was writteni? diatoly after his death, I Hud Hnmlot sp^caotu maaterpleoo, and the following attIking llneigu) due to hia interpretation of tho character Oft have I seen him ioap Into the grave Suiting the person, which he soonied tob;, Of a mad lover, with so true nn oy<i, Thnt there I would have sworn ho meant toJi How Lowln and 1 aylor, his Immediate k::s played the part, there is no mentis of ktmiij, from about the year 10(10, each topwscnwiu: sooma to have boon possessed with an lmmut£; viotion that Hamlet was feigning iuaanttv th;> and that his mind, from (Irak to last, ncvorm;! over the border-line whioh separates Intellectm'.:; from mental derangement. His own annnic:-; that ho meant to " put an autlo disposition auppoaud to bo oonolualvo oa the subjoct, la the/r tho belief of the wholo Coui't In tho reality ot iii temper, and of tho faot that tlioy demiw i ohangoa In hla complexion and physical api>;.w::: aro not only tho oonoomltants of intuition, but).?; capable of bolng almulatod by a parson moml/m' boiiovo to bo of unsound mind, Tho drawM "King Loar," haa proaontod us with it striking' of counterfeit Inaunlty, In tho omo ot Klj»: oomparo hla languago, domaunour, nnd coikIkm those oC llamlot, ami It will bo ImniedliWoly if'" tho two mon " aro wldo aa tho polos asunder," lu was a modloivl man of lottow, Or. Aketull'^ wait tho first among tho Jflttgllslt orllloj iwl Mu tators to point out that tho oonduot o( IW altogether unnatural autl Indofonttlblo, union ^' looked upon u aa a young man, W'IU1° 'nle"hli botm In Homo dogruo Impalrotl by his ou'it by tho doath of hla fatlioi'i tho to ot sovereignty, and a oonao ot alttuito voaiiltlny hasty and Incestuous marrlugu of hU niu,'1#f' ' thou, I think t am right In anylnct thnt pathologist who has studied Uto (ihwnwtor, I''' at, tliu same conclusion as thoutithoi'of" ^ of Imagination." Dr. l(,orrltU'miys i '. tho«<'*r.\| llamlutoan only bu understood on "|U j,f j14. latent Ivmaoy. . . , thU ronl ItHtwilly aftev tliu niook play." Mi G« ' ' ' lib " Observations on tho IiUWd ol Disease," contends that tho I'rluoo wivim' duranged, but that ho wu«"lluhlo ^ mental disorder," Dr. iMtiglmt duclnM "l " Is (IdttbtloiiH InmwKi | but; tho Hjiuolo^ o 11 ^ disturbance, tho peculiar form of "i1"11 |( ttiulur whloh ho «u Iters, In <»f 1,111 "1,1"[J1'' Jlltlii! Or. Hay says)*-" llamlotM montal o«m ^ lit abutulanoethu ctltai,aotoilstl(iMy"i|,,0|"11^ ^ wondorfttl Imnxony ami ooimlntonoy. j, aonnldura Lhu Pi'luoo to bo sull'<-''* ((j(,i .' t'oal uuHottnduom)" nt' nilnili Miit'lnK'11" ' -TT^olly has no doubt whatever of Kr' , ..marks that "the intention to Less, and 1 or oould not-steadily be fan soon forg » ^ mQntal in Hamlet's mental I overthrown after his interview with H"; observes that Skakspeare has I"',! one character two antagonistic mental STmlet 9R«o »nd Hamlefc mRd '' aUrl hB hfS la the development of his. masterly Ynd Dr Brlerre do Boismont, a famous Petitioner, concurs with Dr. Bucknill in his C-.bKH.t- I «»"»a ""f" °« T.;of tho controversy carried on in the If the Anm upwards of twenty years ago, ' r,m.3 Smith malntalnod tho thesU of Ham U gainst the late E. H. Home, Sir Arohi -hiennd Dr. Nalld, who agraod on behalEof his amusing volumo might bo written about itioua, superstitions and prejudices of the 1 |,wfu3jlon. 1 wonder whether thoro is any which so firm n belief prevails in Masools and A popular opora has rondered tho public miiut with tho former in its female form, La In Franco and Italy, gamblers attach groat ce to one of those luak-bearers. I romember eon n liunchbnok some years, ago at Monaco i3ed ii lmndsomo Incomo by allowing super Livers to rub tholr palms upon his back before to tho tubloj. 1 recognised him afterwards in t without hb deformity, Ho confessed to me w.u ft fulso hmu, which In wore for tho js-Hon, and laid aside on his return homo, atio companies there is tmaU/ a M vscot cicnetj In them Is supposed to be an earnest of On tho othor hand, thoro are Jonahs, who are .m invnrlably bringing bad luck, and whoso nt Is nlwnys viewed with apprehension by ibers of tho troupe, Certain plooes are also to ontnll misfortune upon those who appoar ami I don't think any lfronob aotor or notross cut for a part In tho Via do lioliomo of ml ll.irrluro without serious misgivings | for vhoplttyo'l Uaelo William, disappeared sud ili*y, unci no one over know what booarao of p,who wanre narkabl > na BnpMsto, oomm't ol I'rtiil Lubnt, tho Hodolpho, nftuv gaining n '0,t In Turkish stocks, and died poor In a A l6!o l',igo, tho Mujotto, also died In povorty | Tlmllllor, tho tondor and grnaol!ul Mlr.tl, 'Minted otvo duy with thoivtrloftt life, wont .itmtry mul was hoard of no moru, B juoloault tlio SHU0093 of a now ploco If tho company ">*«» i'> praising It whon It Is llrab road | nnd no plooo of his can ouoooad unload ho tlio oovor lo tho llrst act, Joaoph Joitorflon tho muHio.a potonoy of old olothoi, IIo' chnnfrod hl» iirnt ltlp Y,m Wluklo suit j and K, lioirnl, mid ..itlok" rlllo (tho oi\o that mj uftur IiIh long sloop) aro tho same ns ho '""'"Ho tho Aclolpiil, whon ho mado bia onducuosii, Curiously onottgh, ho mislaid tho ww>n, hiuI was forood to got unothor, and «turnod out u lliumolal falluro, . * I wtli iiqvor goo# upon tho atago, no tnuttor 11111 "(l ho inny |J0( without pacing ilirlou J'ii toom iiuittoi'lug, twit tlio (1 I'mfc, but tho "M'uuu ho in to play that night | thon |U|lt M'',00UfM' U10t' to lou' ? in, , ' H, by any uooUlont handed ( 11,11|,M w.vt nn, Tho latj ,1 >.hu T, ,'Wlul)l,l|'p wlui miulo iitioh an nuur. ''"ivitiV i"1""' w"u'1' Knvor play tlio pari It. it".u"l'Um 'll) wuru whon ho llrnt ap« l!'i liu 11 ,"1' a'111 u luoky IIvu dollar I'loinii oa|,|'hitl (it IiIm vimt piHiluil tin i'u «.",!!! ,'1 "lu miu,hi iu,u| |i|m wifu win ,l*lu AiluiTi^ <">i>talnn a oriiiiN-oyocI u in,,|(y 11 '..I1 Noll,,l,u alwayiumrrlod ubnut il'ili ,ilu 4 "'"K-'H iltniry Nti'aw-oiilortul ,i tilq ,7nluit »!»» hikii((iji(j ovor lliu whon dullot brouthos her complaints to tho moon j and this rag she beHovod. to bo essential to hor auocess. Sho alsoNha;d'_W'special vial for the poison potion, and would uio-no other. While 1 am on tho subject of actors, let'mb mention what Lord Kandolph Cburchlll said of I-Ionry Irving V -" I don't know that I should call him a great actor, but ho ia certainly a curious one j " said tho enfant tevriblo of the 0 >naorvatlvo party j " he is always Irving on the stage, and Hamlet in privato life." By tho way, I wonder how many of the innooent publio who road Mr. Irving's addresses, lectures and speeches, aiu aware that thay are his, only in tho sense that he purchases and pays for thom. They aro in reality the composition of his olever secretary, Mr. 13ram tftoker, to whom the tragUcomedlan pays a salary of J12000 a year. Tho remuneration is liberal, on tho part of tho actor, and la well oarnod by tho recipient; for If Mr. Irving haa made his own reputation on tho atage, Mr. Brum Stokor has boon Instrumental ia socmriag for his patron an immense amount of kudo3 on publio plat forms, and at publio din tiers s to which also Mussra, Olomont Sootfc, Austin Breroton, and Frolorlck Daly have contributed not a llttlo, by a syatom of adroit and pertinacious puffery, Thkbk aro concert-goera and ooncort-goors I Tliero aro those who attond for tho sake of tho intollcotual enjoyment, to bo derlvod from listening to good mttslo worthily lutorpretod } thoro aro thoau who, being intel lectually doatltuto, rosort to a oonoort-room In ordor to display thoir dresses, and Indulge in ostentatious chatter, whioh, howovor amusing to thomsolves, la pro duatlvo of annoyanoo to tho rest o( tho audlenoo, as woll as to the porEormors. At Herr Pabat's musical evening, last Mjnday, a suggoatlon ooourrod to rao( which I make public for the bonoflt of all conaerncd. It Is this. Lot all such undorbred people send thoir oo^tumos to bo hung upon tho walls of tho hall la whioh tho oonoort takes placo, duly tlokotod with thio names of tho ownors in largo lotters j and lot tho owners thomaolvoa stop at homo and ohattor to thoir hoavt's contont-full prloo being charged for tho ad miialon of paoh suit oil olothos or lady's costume exhibited. B Ml Net aware of tho fact that Miss Lydlu von Fink olstoln, tho glEtod nutlvo of Jerusalem, had boon at tracting, for tho lust throo youra, faalilonablo orowds In Grout Britain und tho United States, It la no wonder that tho Ilov, O'uu'los Olurko on hearing that tho lootuross was pvoooodlng to Australia, mado It his bUHlnoss to find out her dates, and having discovered that tho lady's advent would bo almost simultaneous with hlu own, at onoo abandoned hla lutontlon to vlalt j "tho Grout South Lund" whilst Miss von Flnkolatoln Is on tour, I prodlotod throo months ago an onthualustlo roaoptlon for hor In Australia. Mvon In Adelaide, whioh, nlnoo tho oollapso of tho silver boom, is moro doprosaod than over, tho ploasuro oauaad by tha lady's lectures has far oxooodod my most aangulno oxpootutlana, And yot this brilliant start of Miss von Flnkolntoln's Au« fcrnllnn tour ought not to ouuso astonishment. Prob uoly no publio ontortuluor oE whutovor sort-looturor, aotor, or prima donnu-«ovor landod In tho Aunlrulltvn oolonloH with Hitoh oordlul imd unanimous rooommondu Hon, Jflvory London dully uowspapor apouks In tho highest torms of thu ludy's romurlcablo talont j whllo olorgynu n bolonjlng to Hourly nil Uio denominations vlo with oim another In bourlng testimony to hor high ohamulur and grout looturlug ability, In Adoluldo, " thu oily o£ ohurohoa,11 ovorybody wuh dollghtod to do hor honor, Tho OhlaE Justice, tho Doun administer, lug thodloouao, and lending lights ol' tho grunt Proles tanl duiumilituHuns wuro plounud to prosUlu ut hor loa« turuM) wlillo liur overflowing audlouaos roproaontod uvciry pltitHu of rollgloua thought, Inoludlng many Human Oalinlliu and Juwh. In Melbourne, vvhoro MIsh von IVlnkuliituIn glvuti hor IIrut looturo noxt Mon day, It will 1k> found that tho Athoniuum Hull In J.'ur too small for hor audkmouii, although uluoo llio rooont alterations It IN probably tho hull lu whloli thu lady will bu buitl tiuun iuuI hourd, I WAS under the impression, until the other day, that that peculiar form of conspiracy to defraud which is ?known by the name of " a knock out at auction," was a ? piece of rascality of comparative recent invention. I was even disposed to believe that it was a practice which flourished among TEnglish-speaking people almost ekalusively, But I have been undeceived, for in Her der's Tableaux de Paris, published upwards of a hun dred years ago, I find a description of the vultures and | of their mode of operations, which tallies exactly with the men we sec and the roguery wo hear of in auction rooms and in salos at private houses to this very day. A knock out in pre-Eavolutionary Paris was spoken of 1 ns grqtftnado, a slang phrase which has a most respoct ablo antiquity, for its root has boeon sought for In the Hebrew guraph and in the Greek grapho j but my Fronch slang dictionary tells mo it moans dealing In spurious pictures, However, this is what Morolor says nbout the matters-"It is a company of doalors or brokers who do not bid agaiast ouch othor at sales, because they are all ' In the swim,' but whon they see a person has sot his heart upon a lot, they run the prlco up and boar the loss, which, though considerable for a single person, beoomoa light when it is divided among all the members of the league. Those sharpers deter mine tho prloo which articles shall fetch, bocausa thoy so oontrlve that no othor bidder shall advance upon what some moraberof tho gi'qlHnailohbn offered, Whon an objoot has boon pushed sufficiently high to stavo o£E all thoso who tiro not of the clique, then in a private mooting thoy allot tho objoot among thenmlves, This ootisplraay against tho price of tho outsldo public has drlvon away from tho salo-rooms an inflaito number of purchasers, who prefer to bo plllagod by ono member of tho gr(0ian(U, to being flooood by the whole gang." Perhaps this system of plunder was Invontod long ages ago. Possibly-although there is no record oE tho faot- whon Noah's Ark was brokon up after tho Flood, and tho old material sold by auction, Shorn, Hum and Japhot may havo arrived at a private understanding among thomsolvos to got the timber and iron, tho shingled roof, doora, windows and intornal fittings at tholr own prloo, Qalm 'ale ? as tho Spaniards say, * * * "A ooboinsa' of flfty-throo yours" writes to mo from Brighton, auggasllng that "Mr a." should bo substituted for " Mr," In tho paragraph referring to tho Hordorn business, which wns published in last wook'a TAnuw Tauc. My aorroapondont writos that Mr, Anthony fclot'dorn wfts a whoolrlght. It WHS his wlfo, u straw bonnet work or, that wnu tho bualnoia woman, unci to whom tho prcHont auooo« la owing, " An lutrlouto situation, full of Intonso In to rout to tho proaont," aaya M, Looouq, " doos nob ivrUa oxoopt from (v long olmln of antcoodanta, It la thoroforo Iti tho piiab thut wo mint aoavoh for tho explanation," Buolt of tho ault of Adolph ID, ttogo ot <il, against tho LJorlo L'.imlly, of Phlltulolphhi, thoro lloa a history worthy of moro ihtvn u pusaltig roforotioo, Tho Boiloa aro an long tho wealthiest and boat«known families of Phlladolphlu, tho niunu having attained n oortuln na« tlonul promlnonuo in Amorlou whon tho lata Adolph ID, lljrlo booumo Suurotary of tho Navy under Clonoral Clvivnt, Tho ault hut boon ponding aluo<a 1871), but, owing to tho woidth und Inlluonoo of tho U jrloa, tho world Una known noxt to nothing of Its dot,din, Un forbutmtoly £or thut publlo wUoao omvlng for pl<iuuut roniunoo la over idort, tho plalnblil'i In thin ault ura forolgnors und poor, und tholr oll'ortu to ruoovor tholr rights or to ouUsb a sontlmout In tholr bohul£ Uuvni boon hundlouppoU by pi'oju llou and tho iwiwllllnnuo»a of u pruaa frlonclly to tho dofuuduubJ to luy buru tho rovolutlona ooutuluo.l In Ihu pluluUllY allo^alloua, Ni'iAii fclio town of Villo Nouvo D'Ayun, In bhu pio« vluuo ot Lob ob tlurouno, Fmnoo, nboub Ihu your 1780, wi'w burn John Josopli Horlo, Ilia puroulH wow puu« suuta ol! bhu tuosb oominon ordur, uml, bhoru svua no rooord oE ihulr murrluyu, Aboub lsvonby«ono your# In to i'i ub tho tlmo ot bhu liVunoh uxpUillUoii to Ht, l)o« inId^o, uudor Lu Oluvo, tfuliu Jouoph wuu u robuib young inun, fttvd lu tvpimiu'.uiou uud Intolllgonuo far ubovo tho uvovuga of Ida milt, JAmiuasod ot bhu »pUl of adventure, he jrinod the expedition, At the close of the fighting that followed the .Invasion, John Joseph met and afterwards married the widow Marie Rose Poumeraux, whose husband had been killed in the straggle against the invaders, Pourneraux had been a prosperous merchant of tho island, and his still youth ful widow was left a large fortune. Thisshe placed at the disposal of young Boris, whoso only fortnne up to this hour had been his good looks and native wit, With this Borio established himself in business. Prosperity continued to flow bis way and their fortune grew apace until tho sudden uprising of the native blacks and the general mnssaare of the white residents of the island compelled thorn to seek safety elsewhefo, Gathering together as much of their fortune as. possible, they fled to Santiago de Ouba, and thence to Philadelphia by way of New York, Shortly after arriving In Phila delphia Borle entered into business, and, having ample capital, fortune still favored him, and his wealth grew rapidly, * * * IN the moanwhile a daughter was born to them, and thely life was a happy one In their beautiful home at 80 Sassafras-street. In an ovil hour, not far from the year 1818, chanoc, or rather charity, threw in their way a disturbing olomont, in the presenae of ono Sophie Beauveau, Sophie was tho daughter of a Frenchwoman of apparently doubtful antecedents, and wna ono of a family of six girls about whose paternity there seems to exist a degree o£ uncertainty. Sho was desperately poor, and, moro as a charitable act than otherwise, Madame Borle took her Into the house as laundress, Sho was a girl of handsome faco and figure, and intelligent as welt, She had not boon many months an Inmato of tho house when, to hor dismay and horror, Madame Borle discovered that a liaison existed betweon her husband and the handsome ser vant. Protests wero in vain, Lacking the rugged independence of Araorican women, she Bubmittod for a time to the shame of hor position, Finally, bolng unablo to longer onduro tho torture of a life in tho same house or city with tho woman who had alienatod tho affections o£ hor husband, and whom hor husband boldly and determinedly maintained under tho same roof, Madarao Borlo depnrtod, Having some proporty and Intorosts in tho island of Stv-Thomas, sho wout thoro to look aftor them | trusting that time and hor ftbaonoo would bring hor husband to his sonsos, and that she might return lator to a ponitont spouse and a happy homo, At this tlmo their daughter, the only offspring of their marriago, was about ton years old. John Josoph refused to allow tho child to go with tho mothor, * * So A noil) had Madame Borlo left tho country, when bar husband, bollovlng that' ho whs maytor of tho situation, married tho oorvant, Sophio Boauvoiut, and took ut 1 of tho lattar'a family, consisting of tho mothor and flvo girls, to llvo at his homo. Iti thoao days of slow and Infroquont communication, It was nomu months before Madamo llorio, at St, Thomns, learned of tho bigamy of hor husband. Utterly disoouragod, and realising that a llfo in common with hoc husband w«s never again possible j and, having aultlolont pro perty thoro for hor noocls, sho determined to never roturii to Philadelphia, ut louHt, in tho lifetime of hor husband, Hor groutoHb imxloty now was to obtain potmoHHion of hor daughter. In this hor oil'orts provod fruitiest), and in course of tlmo sho died, Tho now family of Morion oontimiod to prosper, ]0vory yoar tliolr wealth, whloh had originally ootno from thu oxilod wifo, grow, and a vury large fortune was iiooumulatod, Children wore born to tho new wifo, Hio late Adolpli .10, llorlo being tho oldest, In those years thu houIhI relation* of tho Morion wuro limited to tho JVronoh olrehui of Philadelphia, .My tho tlmo their nofiuiiiutanoii rimohed beyond tlumo linen, tho uxlnteuou of a iiknlutmi In thulr olnmit wait forgotten, utid little knowledge of| or eomniont on, tho earlier IIIOMciiIn In thoir doiuoHtlo alTiilin ever panned buyond their former immediate and uuorltluul olroio, Omi/INA Itorlu, tho young daughter by the ilrst and legitimate marriage to the widow X'otimuraux, wan nont nfc mi early ago to tho Homlnnry at Jlothlohem, I'a, A lew years later her father sent her to a convent in Bordeaux, Franco, where she was liberally provided for. At the ago of nineteen, Oellna graduated from the oonvont, and, conformably to the wish of her father, at once married a young man of that city, by the name of Roge. young Roge was of good family, but of limited means. This considered, Oolina's father agreed to send thercua liberal allowance each year on condition that they «houid always reside in France. To M. and Madame Roge there were born in due course of time three children, two sons and a daughter. The elder son was named Adolph Ernest after his half uncle the secretary, Adolph E. Borle, and the eldest of Madame Roge's itepbrothers. The fact that Madame Roge had scarco i remembrance of hor own mother, and hid known little and comprehended loss of past events, and that .»he had been kindly and liberally treated by hor father, explains herlaak of prejudlae against the ahltd ren of her father's sooond wifo. The Rogos continued to live in Franco, and regularly reoeivod their allow* ance from John Joseph Borlo. Tho latter died at an advanoed age, leaving tho family estates in the hands of hiB son, Adolph E. Boric. Dobincj all those years the woalfch of tho Borle family in Philadelphia had boon iaoroaalng, and thoy hak gradually grown into social prominence among the old and arlstoaratia families of tho olty. After his Esther's death, Adolph E. Borie continued tho yearly .illowanae to his step.slstor in Franco, wllllngly» and apparently with good reason, However, on tho doath of tho old goutloman, John Joseph, it naturally occurred to Madame Rogd that her father ought to, and must havo mado a provision for her In his will. She thoroupon wrote to her brother, Adolph B., concerning it, Tho latter ropliod that tho only proviilon hor fathor had made for hor was a request that she should rcoolvo tho regular yearly allowance, during hor life, provided aho did not Qomo to Amorloa } and that so far as the astato was oonoernod, sho had no sharo in It. After due modi cation this appeared a great injustice to Madame Hugo, and sho decided to go to America. On hor arri val In Now York she wrote to Adolph Borlo, saying that sho lmd not come to mako trouble ovor hor father's will, but only to ask for the sharo which sho boliovod horsolf entitled to. To this Adolph ropliod, in two or threo suocosslvo lottors, that his fathor had loft hor nothing, and, that unless sho at onoe returned to France ho would forever cut off tho nllowanoo sho was than receiving. Bolng a stranger in Araorioa, nnd suppos ing that tho samo rigid rules regarding tho snored soorooy of wills provallod In Amorloa m la Franoo, aad tearing lest in any attempts to foroo an Inquiry sho would lose ovorythlug, oho gavo up tho objoot of hor visit and returned homo. Up to tho tlma of hor death, whloh ooourrocl a low yoaru lutor, sho roaolvod hor ul« lownnoo roguUrly. ? * * Thuh mattors drifted on for many yours, Tho ohlldrou of tho soooncl marriage, born from a bigamous and unlawful murrlugo with a washerwoman, onjoyod tho rlohoH whloh hud grown up from a capital supplied l>y tho first and lawful wlfo, and oxtonclod tholr social roluUonn until no family hold a bottor position, and culminating In Adolph's appolntmont as Huorotury of tlu> Navy, in tho moumvhllo tho daughter of tho lugllliiiutu wlfo llvod In forood oxlla upon a yearly allowanau of moduHt proportion*. A third gouorutloit of MOIIuh uroHo, and tliu proiiunt uumiburs of tlm family In Philadelphia aro tho grandchildren of John Joseph and Hophlu llimuvuuu, On tho other nldu of tho Atlantic, Ailolph J0rnunt and Vlotorlun llogit eon iit.lliilod nlno a Ihlrd gunorullon. Vlotorluu mar I'ltul a ifiintlunmn named l,o Nolr, and their Hon (Iooi'ko Otlui Imlng tltiuil) ruprommtft hot' tutu runt In tliu mill, In iioinpaiiy w I tli Adolph HJrnuHt, It In thurofoni now a mill, by tlm Hraudolilldi'im WiimukIi tlm lli'itiuul lawful marrluKn, against tliti gmudolilld run through thoiioooud ami allotted hlguiiioiiM miitTliiifu of Joint Jouepli Moi'lu, Tlm paper* In tlm null, worn llfMl, imrvoil nlni) yourn n/\n on Hid latu H mmtnvy Hoi'lo, Adolph .10, llogo, Mini ol' 0 illua Itorln, and now a man of about foity-Hvu yours, arrived lit Amorloit lit 18VH on tho iiumo mission whloh had brought bin mother there many yeara before. Being R ttRn determination, he was situated different! ^ and he went with the set purpose 0f ? ''I®' remainder of hia days if neocawrv for the rights of himself, hia 'hJJ'" his nephew. To him these rights algnifi.?' tune from whiah hia mother had bee: ^ ' Immediately after learning of his arrival in u Secretary Borie departed for Europe, General Grant in his trip around the is asserted that the Secretary's sudden depvi! due to the hope that, by the time he retur^f nophew Rogd would have tirod of a fruitV,,! - and have returned to Franco. Doric went' world, and on landing in San Francisco J|,J party and went directly to Philadelphia. ^ aftornoon of hia arrival ho was served with ft. in this suit. That night, although in npp^'.r health during the day, ho cllad. The ajjenQ! by interested parties that he dlod by his 0»a rather than face the revolations of this suit, nsij haps, have found some bellevora. The caje hw i then been continued against his holra and othWf| family, and is net yet decided, BY the death of Louis Buvolot, which took pit hia residence in Fitssroy, on Wednesday Inn, An:, had lost one of its oldest rnd boat landscape fit:' Mr. Buvolot was a nattvo of Morgos, a small ?1; the shores of the Lake of Qonoa, nonr I.auun-.;. was born la 1814. At an oarly age he tho Academy of Arts in Lausanne, and i:: under Arland, a famous Froneh landscape [i Ho arrived in Molbourno ia . 18ti">, ami i;; himself to painting what to lilm were novo) aspocts of nature, and soon rniulo hlm«lllr for his skotohas of Australian bush scenery. H> hlbltod at the Intercolonial Exhibition of 1MM two well-known piotures now in tlio Natlon.\IOi! entitled *. Winter Morning at Huidelbor,'.' 41 Summer Aftornoon at Tomplcstowo," ami > modal was awarded him at tho International £1 tion hold in London in 1872-7-'' for hisli*tita;< titled "On tho Woodspolnt Bond." Ho a gold modal ivt tho Molbourno Exhibition ol W M, Buvolot loaves ft widow, but no fnmlly. MANY Hai»PY BwrtnttNa OF tiik DAY. ON ON Friday, Juno 1 i-To Mr, Joseph l«i M.L.A., bora 18H4. To tho Ilovd. Mwil Goldrolab, BnUnrnt) born 18II I. To Mr. hi Samuel Chapman, ("Augur" born-18'12, To Mr, Junius Jodopli life"13 1840\. To tho Kovcl, Johu lJurbor.WuHl' Horr Wllholm Wlosbudun, born I3U. Saturday, Juno 2 i-To Mr, K.IwaiJ Smith, solicitor, Drouln, bora KW. ' JumuH William roh'oo, M.L.A,. ON Sunday, Juno U i-To Mi*. John Brighton, born 18110. To Dr. Hubert 18110. ON Monday, Juno <11-To Mr. DavMIM.I'* and author, born 18110. To Mr. ""j born 182(1, To Mr. Dorblu WilMw. J. 1811 iJ. To Mr. Wllliwn l'l», «1'0111'^' . , To Mr, 0. Albert Hookutt, Aii'J*"'" ' ON Tuomluy, Juno 0 i-To Mr. Hobort J.l\, born 18111. To Mr. MrnwMlW' .11,A.i born ltHJl. ON Wuclnoiiday, Juno (I t-To Mr. (Jrn^1 . born 1817. To ilia Von. Aiolulon^11 , ON IM 11 Ituvd. Jitoob J oil a Mulloy, bom IM William r(olth lluy ll'HO, iw»ll»Hor' Hunk, Portland, born 1811' 7 I -To Mr, Ml"". tlan MuoUullauli, HaiuHiurrtt, t, Tliurmhiy, Juno 7 I - m'«j .ijjitiilN, Nortliaoto, torn " jw li'ranoln Wall I UK*1111 Wui'Oi murk tiotlny V.U. for 'f'1 1 To Air, Cluuryo VVllllum 