<Tiu‘ i’lt/nt. PERE MONSABRE AT NOTRE DAME. THE FUTURE LIFE. Lights of Faith. ('Catholic Times.) iere Monsabre commenced the sixth or his confetences by saying that his plan had now brought him to the discussion of the light thrown upon the future life by faith. After quoting St. Thomas and St. Augustine on the necessity of some revelation, the preacher said that faith affirmed the existence of reve lation, from the Father and from His Son Who came into the world. The Divine Master developed and elucidated His revela tion by parables, which gave it a deeper place in the minds of men. Not only did He affirm the existence of a future life and im mortality of the soul, but He has given us absolute certainty. Regarding the legitimate desire of our nature to know and to be sure of knowing well, Christ has not merely cast His revelation upon the curtain of darkness that hides from us the other world, in order to give us a presentiment of its mysteries ; but He has made there a large circle of light, through which we can catch a distant glimpse of the panorama, at once glorious and terrible, of the future life. The public discourses and the teachings which His disciples have trans mitted to us teach us all that it is possible to know in this world, where certainty is neces sary for action and faith necessary for merit. The just will be happy. But their beatitude is not a feast improvised the day after death, it is a royal triumph prepared by God for them since the beginning of the world : Jtegmim pnratum a constitutions mundi. He awaited them, He crowns them, and for ever. After death time is no more. Eternity begins, and the happy life of the elect is prolonged without end. Tears, sorrows, plaintive cries, suffering—all is finished, the past is fled, and in the eternal present the heart is filled with felicity, which has no fear of being dispelled like the joys of earth. But woe to him who has quitted this life in that sin of impendence for which there is neither expiation nor mercy ; his chastisement will be eternal, and, like the happiness of the just, has been long prepared for him. It is a gnawing worm that does not die, a fire that nothing can extinguish. Abysses of glory and felicity, abysses of shame and torments, we enter them at once. Our terrified imagination in vain invents delays—we can do nothing against the Divine decree. It is decreed to die first and once only, after that the judgment, and after the sentence, blessed and cursed go to their eternity. Ewn those who are not pure enough to enter heaven, where nothing that is defiled can lie received, yet take possession of it in their hearts by the infallible certainty of being admitted there, when the measure of tint pnnishirn'iit they lovingly consent to suffer in order to satisfy the justice, of God shall have been filled. Let us not preoccupy ourselves with this mortal flesh which the worms have eiten and reduced to dust ; it will have its day and its eternity. Christ died to conquer death. His glorified body risen from the, tomb, the first fruit of those who sleep, and a radiant exemplar of their destiny, is full as a sun of the Divine heat which will revivify our ashes and draw back to Him, as the centre of all life, mankind after the resurrection. In one moment, at the blast of the angel’s trumpet, all the dead will rise again ; and then, the flesh, the instrument of justice or of iniquity, will go to take its part of the punishment or the recompense which the man has merited during his earthly life. What will be this punishment and this recompense ? Some thing which it is impossible for the mind of man to express or even to conceive. “ All he can do,” says one of our old authors, ‘‘ is to liken the things of the future, to the feeling we have of them in this life.” That is to say, to transport into another world an exag gerated idea of the little joys within out reach in this life—to know the Creator and His creatures better than we know them now ; to have under our eyes more finished, more transparent, and more glorious images of the infinite perfections of God ; to be freed for ever from the sinkings of the soul and the weaknesses of the body, which sadden our earthly pilgrimage ; to meet, in the profound and luminous regions in which our immortality will dwell, those whom we have loved ; this is all that nature can dream, without its being permitted to say, in an absolute manner—my dream will be realised. But the teaching of faith goes beyond nature, and tells us that, in the words of Montaigne, “ ail that pertains to our present condition must be left out of count ; that all the con tent of mortals is mortal ; that we cannct worthily conceive the grandeur of these high and Divine promises if we can conceive them at all ; that to worthily imagine them, we must imagine them unimaginable, incompre hensible, perfectly different from those of our miserable experience, and say with the Apostle : ‘ Eye hath not seen, not ear heard, nor hath it entered into the heart of man to conceive what things God hath prepared for them that love Him.’” We see God, in this world, in the mirror of His works, where His perfections are veiled like enigmas. We see Him bettor in the Son, Whom He has sent to us, and tins knowledge is already a commence ment of eternal life. But when the eternal life shall come, we shall sue God face to face. Contemplating His glory, we shall not only be delivered from the weaknesses of our souls and the infirmities of our bodies, but, transformed into that which we see, we shall advance from knowledge to knowledge. It will suffice for God to show Himself that we be like to Him. What is more, whilst yet leaving to us our own being, He will cause us to enter into Him and will unite us to all that we love. It will no longer bo a simple meeting, a sweet commerce, but an eternal penetration of all loves. We shall all he as one thing, consummated in unity. Glorious in the glory of God, happy in His happiness, we shall then understand how His goodness goes to the extreme limit of the possible, to the end of all things : Sic bonitus divine, cst finis rerum omnium. The shame and the sorrow of having lost by our fault this admirable end will be proportionate to the glory and the happiness we should have in it. The teaching of faith resumes them in two terrible words : malediction and torment. A curse which isolates the sinner from all love, strips him of all the gifts of God, throws him hack upon himself, and only leaves him being sufficient for him to feel the privation of all good, and to regret the life which God has given him ; the torment of an intelligent fire that measures its tortures to the faults it punishes, makes itself the avenger of the Divine Majesty outraged by the abuse of His benefits ; malediction and torment without hope, because they are eternal ; without consolation because the miserable man who undergoes them says at each instant of his unending life : I willed it so. Such is the teaching of faith. It is not reserved for chosen souls who have received from nature and fortune the power and the leisure to meditate upon and sound the depths of these great problems of human life ; it is the patrimony of the simple and the ignorant. A page of the catechism teaches them more on this subject of their destinies than have ever known the most illustrious philosophers who consulted only reason. The teaching which reveals these mysteries to us gives us a certain and full knowledge of our destinies ; it remains for me to show how this knowledge is efficacious. Assuredly the purely rational knowledge of our destinies can have a salutary effect upon our practical life. But still it is necessary that it should b" taken seriously, and that, unemharras-e I by any kind of doubt or inquietude, it slimed take, root in the soul as an immutable oe.ief. Otherwise it runs the risk of remaining sterile in the fields of speculation. This has unfor tunately happened. The preacher quoted Gibbon in proof or this statement. On the other hand, in the sure and full knowledge given us by the lights of faith, all is prolific and salutary for our moral life, which becomes under their influence a life of peace, justice', and holiness. What is more efficacious than the conviction that G"d himself lias determ ined our eternal future with infinite liberality and wisdom, to satisfy our desires, calm our fears, console our sorrows, repress our passions, exalt and render sublime our virtues ? If the frail joys of this world deceive us and leave us unsatisfied, what matter? A Divine science teaches the Christian that he is born for greater things. The deep abyss of his desires will be filled to the brim. Could it be otherwise, since the Christian is to see and possess God Himself—to see God face to face find as He is ! As He is ; that is to say, that His perfect simplicity will show itself without veil, with the infinite plentitude of its perfections ; that is to say, that we shall see umoiled before the eyes of our dazzled intelligence the mysteries of His intimate life, His ineffable processions, and then we shall know, without being able to comprehend it, how He is Father, Son, Holy Ghost, and always one God ; that we shall go in Him to the bottom of all science, that jealous nature will no longer be able to hide from us her secrets ; that we shall contem plate, in their eternal cause and their eminent type, all beings, all movements, all forms, all harmonies, all beauties. We sought the light, we shall be plunged in the light ; we wished to be filled, we shall be intoxicated. And in this intoxication we shall joyfully possess the infinite beauty lovingly abandoned to the chaste embraces of our soul, the sovereign good falling eternally like a flood into the insatiable abysses of our desires. Oh ! how vile and despicable are the joys of this earth when when we think of the tilings of Heaven ! But to gain these Heavenly things, we must pass through the sombre gates of death, and death is for our pom trembling nature an object of horror. Al though assured of eternal happiness for the better part of ourselves, we cannot but be anxious and fearful for the other half which we see every day lost in the dust of the earth. In vain reason tells us that the whole man which took part in the travail and combats of life must receive wholly the recompense ; its feeble voice cannot still our fears ; God has to speak. Since he has spoken, not only has the Christian no longer fear of death, hut he audaciously mocks his cruel enemy. 0 mors, ubi est victoria fua ? I do not fear thee. I can only gain from thee : mihi. mori lucrum. Moreover, the Divine revelations heal the wounds which death causes every day by the hands of a harbinger. You know what this herald is, for who among you has not known sorrow ? It wounds our hearts, by cruel separation, saddens our hearths and draws from our eyes bitter tears for the dear absent ones we shall see no more in this world. But faith, born of the word of God, gives to the Christian hope a holy boldness which leads us into the invisible world where we see all those our hearts have loved. Yet a little time and absence will become an eternal presence. Lament over thy dead, Christian, hut not as they who have no hope, for thou art sure of finding them again, and of enjoy ing in God their everlasting love ! Lament not, also, over those inevitable wounds thou receivest every instant in thy body and in thy soul. The Church’s anthems sing that this life is an exile, and this word a vale of tears. We should suffer. The Christian is not ignorant of this, but, far from being deso lated by this hard necessity, lie finds in it a stimulant for his hopes of the future. What consoles him for all his sufferings, even ren dering them dear and precious to Him, is the certain knowledge that not one of his tribula tions, what do I say, not a single instanrt of his tribulations will he forgotten in his re compense. And what a recompense !—a glory beyond all measure ; vliat there is u£ highest and most sublime ; not a fleeting meteor which glitters for a time and then vanishes, such as are the joys of earth, but something solid as eternity. Ah ! when you are sure of making your harvest of such, felicity, are you not consoled for having sown in tears'? Consider the influence of these Divine truths and hopes in sustaining and the Christian in his struggles after virtue. Working for heaven, lie works for the honour and advantage of the society through which he is passing. Not only his right, just, and holy life is an example that serves as a balance to the scandals of vice, and tends to raise the level of the public morality, but there are virtues on which the consideration of eternal happiness exerts a sovereign influence, and from which social peace anil prosperity bene fit ; ‘disinterestedness, generosity, devotion, the spirit of sacrifice. When your heart is in heaven, you care little for the. trivial and fleet ing joys of this earth. You do not trample upon anyone in the struggle after glory : you do not sadden your neighbour by taking from him that which is his ; you do not injure others by consulting yourself immoderately. If fortune refuses you its favours, so much the better ; you will not have to renounce them where you receive those treasures which neither rust nor moth doth consume. If fortune is liberal to you, again so much the better ; you employ your wealth is renderimj: others happy. The great est good of tin's life, life itself, to which we are attached by so powerful an instinct, seems of less importance when yon are Divinely convinced that the true life is not that of this world ; you hold cheap the few passing days as soon as you know, by sure knowledge, that in sacrificing them yon assure yourself of eternity. The lights of faith exalt to the sublime, the virtue of the Christian. For the glon of his God, for the holy cause of justice, for the service and defence of his country, for the temporal and eternal welfare of his brethren, he is ready for every act of devotion, every sacrilice, even the sacrifice of life. Let us thank God for this revelation. Mankind, hesitating and discouraged, once walked in semi-darkness to its final end ; Christ came to give it light ; light that was awaited and expected when the eye attentively followed the admirable ordering of the mysteries of faith ; light which, after having penetrated into the abysses of eternity, returns upon itself and illumes the dogma of Catholicism. Knowing that God destines us to the vision of his Essence and to the possession of His eternal beatitude, we under stand bctler the hideousness of the sin that offends Him, the exigencies and rigour of His justice, the marvellous working of His mercy, the excess of His goodness, the In carnation, the sufferings, death, triumph of Christ, the mission of His Ghost, the pro digality of His graces ; and it is with more conviction of the mind, with greater emotion of the heart, with a firmer voice that we say Credo to all the dogmas as soon as the lights of faith have made us say : Credo vitam venturi so'cicli. 