CONFRATERNITY OF THE HOLY FAMILY. St. Stephen’s Cathedral Branch. Sunday, 12th August, was a groat day for the branch of the Archcon fraternity of the Holy Family attached to St. Stephen’s Cathe dral. That afternoon nearly two hundred young ladies, who had prepared thoius<-lves by receiving the, Bread of Life in the morn ing, were admitted u> full membership in the branch. The ceremony, which was witnessed by a crowded congregation, was sPikingly beautiful and impressive. It commenced with a procession, consisting of the candi dates and a strong detachment of already admitted members, who, with banners Hying, marched from the neighbouring schoolroom into the Cathedral at 3 o’clock-. A short prayer and hymn followed, after whi h the Rev. 0. Fonliy, Adm., delivered a brief in struction. He, then, read aloud, and the associates repeated after him in a dear voice, this “ Act of Consecration.” :—“ 0 Jesus, .Mary, Joseph ! I, in the presence of all the court of Heaven, choose you on this day for my patrons and protectors. I offer you and solemnly consecrate to yon in this Associa tion my body, my soul, ail that I have and all that I am. I promise you to live as a good Christian, that I may die the death of the elect. What a happiness for us to pass our dav from the arms of Jesus, Alary, and Joseph, in this world, into the arm- of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, in Heaven , and that for all eternity ! Such is my hope. Amen.” The Act of Consecration having been made, the canonical formula of reception was pronounced : the associates were sprinkled with holy water ; medals commemorative of their aggregation were blessed and given them ; and each received a certificate of mem bership of very tasteful design. Benediction of the most Holy Sacrament and another hymn closed the very interesting ceremony, after which the confraternity resumed pro cessional order and retired. Great credit is due to the good Sisters of Mercy, who orga nised the proceedings, and not a little to the choir which, as on all occasions when its services are required, was well to the fore. 