A MINER'S MILLION. BR J. MONK FOSTER, chatter 1 ! Vengeance, 1 " FOL 1 A Poor Maa% Tragedy," Ac. (ALL aiaaxs RESEATED.] CHAPTEE XVII, A GLASS OF WINE. When Walter quitted the room, leaving father and daughter together, neither Wilson nor Alice spoke for ft moment or two. Tte night of Alice'* face had |brought to Wilton Gray hie youth with all Its wildnesses, follies, and lb one pure passion. The aweet maid he had wooed mid Derbyshire's beautiful peaks and dales lived again in her equally beautiful daughter. "A aad meeting thli, my dew," arid Wilson, through thick sobs. " Tia sad enough when the father has to bemoan his child's sins and follies, bat it is a thousand times aadder still when a child has to weep over and excuse a sire's moral shortcomings. How can I ask of you to think of me as TOUT lather—how expect you to reciprocate the love I already fed? How can you think but harshly of me when I deserted your mother «re you were born, staying away from England for mora than a aoore of yean; and daring all that time, little oaring and seldom enquiring ho<r either of you were faring. And •van after I came into possession of my father's fortune, I never thought of seeking BIT wife -and child. I only did so when mriiteiiedtoit" a Walter aaya it war yon whom I saw that day in the fields, and as true ai there's a God above as I thought you your mother's ghost. Perhaps heaven sentyoa to me as a warning. I am thankful now for it. We meet late In Hfe,d*ar, but not too late. There is yet time for contrition and restitution—condition for gwrBMrthar^ suffering, and restitution for u I cannot hop* to ever hear you oall me father. X have «inned too much, and my pmrishmeat must ba in proportion. Fattier U a bleoed word I shall never hear from lips of ahild of mine, and I—I deserve it alL" Hii words oame slowly and hii tears fait. Ba covered his palid faoe with his lank hands, and the trig, bitter tears trickled through his fingers. His tweak frame shook with amotion, and he presented a powerful picture of intense shame and passionate regret. . . Alice Gray had oome to Aldayne Priory with no great love in her heart for the father who had deserted Ids wife and child, was no romantic young lady, eager to fling hbreelf into a nsw-found father's arms. Her reason told her that her sire was a weak, foolish, and erring mortal—if nothing worse —and she had told herself that in such a oase as hers parental love oould not be bom in a 6 her father's tens melted all her reserve and bis appealing, sorrowful words awoke all the sympathy in her big womanly breast. Her eyes grew moist, filled with tears, a big lump rose in her throat, and she burst out :— " Father 1 dear father, do not cry so. For- 've me for being so undaughterly. S t me comfort you—let me kiss you 1" Fattier, Need I record it that Wilson Gray permitted his rare-faoed child to kiss and kiss him again and again. And those warm kisses made rather and daughter feel muoh better and easier of mind. They conversed more freely after that. "And now, darling, tell me something about yourself. When did your mother die?" " Last Christmas. I burled her In a pretty cemetery just outside Manchester." "bhe died broken- hearted 1 Good God! what I have to answer for 1" "No, not broken-hearted. But her life wu not what it deserved to -have been." " She thought me all bad, like the rest of my friends thought me ? " ** No 1 no 1 She believed in you to the last moment. Robert Wilson was the last name on her lips. I doubted you, but she never swerved in her belief." In his weak, failing voice he plied her with aiany questions. She had to relate in detail all her early life, her mother's struggles to -clothe, feed, and educate her child respectably. Sow her mother had stitched away all day •- to buy them bread, and taught her to read when work was scant. He lay contentedly on his pillows, Alice's hand lying between his own damp {Alms, watching every varying expression of her sweet rare face, discovering every moment some new resemblance in it to that of the maid's he had loved, wooed, won, and deserted in the wild, mad days of his youth. "There is one thing, Alice," said Wilson fervently, which gives me great satisfaction. " You are to be my cousin Walter's wife f " Yes," she answered shyly, a blush lighting np her pale faoe and making it irresistibly sweet and alluring. ** Had I all the world to choose from he is the one I would name as your husband. There is not his like in all the land—what's that?" " Some one at the door." *' Send them away, then. Don't let any one come in. We can't be disturbed by anybody— only Walter." She went to the door. The nurse was there, and Alice told her to wait awhile. Then she returned to her father's ride, and the interrupted conversation was renewed. "How fortunate it is, dear, that you and " Walter are sweethearts. The fortune my cousin gave np so nobly will be his again, and my child's too, I've -made no will yet, but I'll make one to-morrow. Perhaps a will is unnecessary, but we had better be sure." " Don't let it trouble you, father." " Now, 1 won't, but to-morrow I must. I am tired now—quite sleepy. If I fall asleep don't leave me. I like to think of you watching by my side." " Let me fetch Walter." " He is busy I daresay." ••Busy, fattier!" "Yes, dear. He is breaking the news to Lady Ruth of my first marriage. To-morrow Ilmust arrange about her and the child. Don't leave me, Alice; don'* leave me. I am so tired." She promised, and he fell quietly asleep. She struggled awhile to keep awake, but she bad been awake long and the incidents of that eventful day had tired both body and mind. In a few minutes more her eyelids sunk on her cheeks, her head pillowed itaeif against 'the back of the chair, and she also slumbered. The touch of Lady finth's hand roused Alice to wakefulness, and] waking she found that whilst she slept her father had passed .painlessly away. "Where is Walter? Where is Mr. Gray?" Alice cried, turning from her father's atony face. " Gome to my room—come at once; thia is no place for either of us." Lady Ruth placed her arm round Alice's waist, and led her unresistingly away Her ladyship was evidently greatly moved, thought Alice, by Wilson Gray's death. Her eyes were full of tears, her voice, thick with emotion, and Alice felt very kindly towards Lady Ruth for evinobg such sorrow at her father's death. £*dy Ruth had well considered the terrible task S£e had set herself. The part she hid -to play tf&s; uCth difficult and dangerous, but she had commenced the work, and was resolved to carry it thrtttgu. The first half of the scheme had succeeded grandly, and she had no doubts as to being able to succeed with thereat. Lady Ruth led Alice from the chamber of death, and outside the room the latter again enquired for her lover. Just then her ladyship wished to be rid of Alice, as she wanted to apeak to Mrs. Gregson, and she addressed one of the men who helped to carry Walter to bed, who happened to be loitering about. " Here, Simmons," she said, " yon know Mr. Gray's room, show this lady there. Yon must excuse me, my dear, I have so much to arrange. This is a sad business, but we must meet it bravely. I will see you again in a few minutes." Alice and the servant went away, then Lady Ruth turned to Mrs. Gregson, her big brown eyes still full of moisture, and her voice tremulous with suppressed emotion. " This ia a great trial for me, Mrs. Gregson," she murnured, placing one hand on the nurse's shoulder for support. " My husband dead and his relative taken seriously ill. Mr. Walter would have been a great help to me had he been well. I hardly know what to do. It is the first time death has ever come so near me; I know you will help me, and I will not be nngiatefuL You have had experience of these sad things, and will advise me." "I will do all lean, my lady," cried the nurse warmly, qnite won by Lady Ruth's amiable words. " I know you would, Mrs, Gregson; I knew yon would not desert me. I shall telegraph for my mother the first thing in the morning. And until she comes do whatever you think \- best. The servants are all at your disposal, unused trill fc glad to help you." ••Don't let it trouble you, my lady; ru take obarge o! everything till the Counter COfMS." Lady Ruth's troubles seemed |to have affected her greatly; she still lingered with Mrs Gregson, and said presently in quite a friendhr tone— {To be continued.) S A. GAS COMPACT.—Prices for gas coke «nd breeze will be reduoed to former rates after the next meter readings. tar SUrer Jewellery selling at Greatly Bedaeed BaOTKHOEST'8 (late Steiner's). 