floveUst. "GLADYS." A ROMANCE OF THE SPRING TIME. BY'M.'M. B. A lovoly morning in spring, when you aoem to Boo the, trees growing and the llowers opening to iho sun—all nature, is so bright around thafyou always feel a loflectipn oHts warmth in yodr hoart, and a song of thlffiksgiving rises, lo yoai*'. lips, for the fact of; life, and the blessing of good hoalth to, enjoy it; ' A garden lies Jjeforo us,; sloping grad ually to the river, and fillod with all the sweetest perfumes of bud und blossom— an old-fashioned garden—where thu\Lent lilies bjnt thoir grncofulhouda, ana the tall naroissi*lharcd tho honors witli monthly roses, A pretty house, of tho: cotlago typo, though built \jrith plonty of spaco at cotn ' mand, and,showing outhouses and ambling in its roar, .bespoke tlio iiUiabitiints tp; be sufliciontly blessed with this world's goods to live in comfort, at any rato, if not in absolute luxury. " Seatod' under- ^ spreading sycamqrer with some dainty embroidery in her hand, waaa girl of rfurpassiug grace arid beauty 5 one glance at tho puro oval of her fuicb,. At the deop gray of /hor ,eyes, and tho golden_brown of her'hair, " sunning over with,curls," to say nothing of her supple figure and taper hands aud foot, and you would not feel surprised to hear, what was indeod a fact; that Beatrice Conwayhad, been "thetouuty,"par exccllcncc, of tlio last throe seasons. Y There was, however, a tinge of melan choly in the wistful droop of her rosy ljy, "whioh suggested tho fact, that though an heiress, as well as a beauty^die was not entirely liappy or freo from caro. Flitting about from shrub Io.bush, and from blossdlh to berry, as fancy alone, d'ctated, and gradually filling, tiio baslcot she, carried in her hand with all the spoils of tho garden, was another girl. .--'.* The two wore much aU;e, but this.ono was younger, brighter,' fairer, and evi dently happier than her cousin, for such Was tho degreo of relationship* betweeu the two. , v Beatrice, the older cousin, was tlio owner of tho protty cottago, wlioro also dwelt her aunt and cousin Gladys. }An almost'sisterly aft'oction existed between the two girls. Up to tho present moment, Gladys had been the ohief spokeswoman j but. ih6 con vocation had been sotnowliat desultory and interrupted, owing "to'the fact that slio always found-it-difticult to romain Jong in one placo, and guthoving flowers afforded a eplondid exorgiso for perpetual motion., Now, however, she "came antt* settled herself on tho grass at her cousin's feet, and with d little sigh of content^ bogan to ariango her spoils. - Beatrico, continued tho conversation as if no interruption liad taken place. "It is'all very fine for you to talk, Gladys, just because you happen to bo engaged to tho best fellow in tlio world— tlio best 1 catch' of tho .soason—a hand some man, and one who. bosido all those advantages, is as madly 111 love with you, little couqin, as if these wore tho days of chivalry, and you were an enehantod prinooss in a moated casllo. Ho has only one serious fault that I know of, and there's no denying that ho is frightfully, unreasonably jealous." It's.the only thing' that prevents our lovo story, boing as common-placo ah a -cook's or a housemaids," poutod Gladj-s, ''but 1 am alwayBhoping that something may turn up. to arouso his jealausy, but you know," confidentially, and with a •luiuntlittlo sigh, "I'm so dreadfully in lovo with him, that I don't think it ovor can, for, Beatrico, I'm sure I could never give him even the slightest causo—" "Oil, jealous people don't wait for cause," interrupted her cousin ; "but I trust you will nover find this out, Gladys." " 1 don't moan to deny that I'm a very lucky girl," continued Glady's, as if she luid not heard, or, at any rate, heeded tlio interruption, and holding up a bunc h of creamy rosea to seo how thoy harmonised with- hor cousin's dress,—and fastening them in hor brooch in a kind of pnren tliesis, "or that Claudo isuot tho boat 'and dearest fellow in tho world, beside being, I know, quite too good for mo ; but I aim ■ure, Tnxy," coaxingly looking up into the elder girl's'face to try to got her to agree, •' it would have boon much wisor and much more romantio if I10 had liap p&ned; to be an artist, and worn a velveteen ooatjand—" r, 1 uYes," laughingly, "yoa, my dear coz, much more romantio, but not one-half so convenient. * It was bccnuso my lovor, 'Denzil do Lisle, was poor, that Aunt Catherine forced mo to rejoct him. Don't •ver. think, Gladys my dour,'.' spoaking' very tenderly, "that tlio most romantio surroundings can ever reeoncilo you to ' saying ' good-b3*o' to one whom j'ou truly love. I shall never forget Denzil, and if only I could see him once again, I could then diu happily." " Nonsense, love," said Gladys, putting her arms round her cousin, anil kissing her affectionately, " don't talk about dying in this glorious weather ; let's think of something happy and bright, liko the sun shine," gathering all the (lowers into a big bunch. "Claude said he'd be down about twelve, and take us botli up tho river fish ing. Yes, Trix, as ypu say, I'm a lucky girl, and, after hearing your sad romance, I don't think I shall over want one of my own ; but, still, you must allow that poverty—mind, poverty without,rags, I distinctly objpet to rags—poverty is so much tnoro romantic than Having all the luxuries of life and a few over. ."My dear Gladys, I trust you will always have them j you were made for tho sunshine. I can't i magi no you with a great sorrow, or oven a great love, although doubtless you'll go through life, quite re spectably without oither," This was said in a joking manner, but when Beatrice saw the rosebud mouth be ginning to pout and tho brown oyes fill with tenrB, she drew her cousin tgnderly to her side, and finished in quite a serious manner. "GJjPfj's, darling, whenever I loolc at your Bright face and think of your happi ness, I always feel so thankful you are able to marry tho first man you over cared for, who is in every way worthy of you— ,you musn'tinindmo, dear. You willunder stand now why I am sometimes sad and melancholy. 1 am going into tho liouso j shall I bring your hat, dear 1 " •" Yes, or a sunshade, or something to keep one from being burnt black as a crDw." That wouldn't bo at all romantic, would it, Glady's 1 No/' with a merry laugh, " not at all •, and I don't think Olaudo would like a blackamoor for a r/ifo, dear Trixy," watch ing the graceful figure till she disappeared into tho cottage. v ..;; •r; " Well, I don't wonder at mon falling in lovo witlr Beatrice, ' I should myself; it's quite a delight to~~me to watch hor face, .and I'm not a man, or I suppose it would bo more so. J'm quite proud to be her oousin, and for peoplo to protend that they see a family likeness between us is Certainly very amusing. I would do any thing in the world for her —only I'm awfully glad Claude didn't liko Jier best, because I don't think Icouldgivo him lip, oven to Beatrice. But," with' a puzzled" look, " if hs had liked hor bestj I don't suppose I should have had.anything to do. with it. Well," with a shake of the head, " I don't" know-any thing'about, that all I know is, that it \yould broak my heart to part with him. Now,, if he had been poor, I could have proved my devotion byV1; ,\ _ ■ r But the rest of hor meditations were out short by a hahd being laid over her oyea. With a, littlo sliriek of pretended disnuy, (jladys jumped; up, scattering her, UoWors, to right and loft.' tier faco looked very , rosy as she Jiastily. released herself and stooped to pick lip the blossoms,4 exclaim ing" in tragic tone*;— - ' "Oh, Olaudo, ho,w you frightonod ine 1" \- I' Frightened you, swoethbart 1 Why, wliiit'a clumsyJsruto' I must bo. But there, never, jniiul those flowers,*• Ladybird,* I'll take good cave "nobody else frightens you while I am hero." ' r './A > , . Ho took her in his arms and bestowed a doiseri kisses on hor Jips. His is a stalwart •figuro",' of six febb one or two, olad in the lightost of twoed suits. Hisz-bteblondo' beard and flaxon hair shone liko throads of gold in the suushino, His blue oyes rested ,withdeoployfiand admiration on the dainty figuro ho hold in his arms," < / i^ - After (i (Few minutes given to lover-liko demonstration, he se'atod himself oh the grass tmrieuth tho Bhady tree, and drew Gladys down by his side, possessing liim self of.onb small hand. . -- / . ' - "/And now toll mo what jou wore talk ing about when I catno." . ^ Gladys blushed a suddon fiory red.as sho ricollected the wish that was on liorlips. " Talking 1 Was I talking ? What'did I .say?"- * . ■■■ ■„ ' ' t .f! Wollj I only heard part of a sentence, it was this: ' I could have proven my do .votion by—'" : , " Oh," with i» nervous little laugh, "J suppose I was vohoarsing a spoechfor our private thoatricals, Olaudo." , • Privato tiioati ioals, indeed I Now look hero,-Gladys," in a very masterful, tone, " T won't have you talking about yqur de votion to any other fdllow but lpe.. How do I lcnow,if- you talk about it but what ypu' niiay fool it., ahd then,'Mugubriously, "■what is to bccomb of me ?: No, no, sweet heart,'talk as niuoh about dovotioh to me as you ploa3b, I am open to as many con fidences on that subject as you liko to make, so fire away, I'm ready." "Nonsense, Claude, "saidGladys, laugh ing in spito of herself, "as^if ouo could mako love to order, like a dress, or a coat, or boots." , . " Well, nonsonso or not, pmato thoatri cals are tho very mischiof, and put non sense into'girls' hoads. I liato all such exhibitions!" ' - " But, Olaudo, you know its for a charity, and,you know—" •«' Charity bo hanged 1 Charity, should begin at homo, and I beliovc its vanity that makes all you women so ready to ox hibit yoursolvos to bo stared a^at.so much a he .id, und'.r tho guiso of charity. You'd think it precious hard linos if you'd got to' do it for a living." . "Now don't bo disagreoablo, You know Beatrice has promised, and you know all tho places are bookod at doublo pricos to seo tho lovely Mis's Cameron, tho beauty of tho last three soasons, in all tho latest confections that Worth lias promised to send for tho occasion—" " All well an'd good, if Beatrice likes to do. it, and her aunt, your mother I mean, seos no objection j but rocolloct you are my property now," looking at her with proud possession written on every featuro of his liandsoino, manly face. " And I won't liavo other fellows staring at you, and talking about you— discussing you as if you wero a pieco of statuary, or, the last new picture. Now don't look so disappointed, darling ; I I oan't bear to seo that dew on my rose," kissing away the tears which rolled down her choofcs liko twin diamonds. " Listen, Gladys, ^'o'll go for a long ride instead, right away into tho glorious country, all alone, by our two selves, instead of being shut in la oloso, stuffy room. Oh ,my 'darling,' (in a low, tender voico, drawing her to hip, " you can't think what pain it would bo to mo to hear my own littlo lovo discussed, at the elubs as I hear .co many l other follows' sisters and sweethearts ^talked about, I think it would kill mo, G lady's, to find that you had over bad a secret from me, I know I should never forgivo you, if I found you had deceived mo." . Ho was strangely agitated anil spoke strongly oil so slight ft cause, but Glady s remembered for the first time since their engagement how sho had'heard m the early days of tlu:ir acquaintance that, Glaudo Meredith, beforo lie inherited his71 nnclo's wealth, had beerr jilted by a cer tain lady, and how ho Jiad only then re turned from his long Bojourn abroad. Slip, too, was quito in earnest when alio an swered him. ■ " Deceivo you, Clatklo—why, how-could I ? I lovo you too well. Now, don't-be silly, sir. I ought to b'o vory cross with you ; you never let mo have my own way —not a little bit." " Becauso I know you like .having my way best—now corifoss you do ?" . n "I shan't confess anything of tho kind, said Gladys, perversely. . . ''Ah, but I-know you do, with a wisp 'shake of tho head.. ' " Well, of courso, if you know, there s no more to b"o said." 1 "Whore's Deatrico ?".ho lazily inquired, aftor a slight loverJiko pause. . ' "Oil, Claude," sho continued, in a sor rowful littlo voice, "she's just boon tell ing me tho.very saddest lovo stor,y I over heard; and, what is sadder still, it is every, bit true.". J " Her own V queried Claude, moro in terested in picking tho bits of moss f.ioin Gladys pink dress, than in ever so pathetic a story, concerning hor "fcousin. " Yes ; that's tho rouson 6ho has never married; and "—in an awe-struck wh lsptir ■ —"she novor iatonds to be, beeiiuso.' sliO( can't forgot D—" ■ , At this moment a loud ring was heard-, nfc which Claudo juhiped quickly up from his lazy altitudo, and.heaved ji :big sigh. • JVWhatft nuisance I 1 forgot all about •it, but I nsked ft fellow to come down, to day and go fishing with utf—yoiv,.khow dear, it must bo awfully dull for Beatrice to w/itch lis spoon, and she's very good to be so little, obtrusive, but yetmust fool do trop, at anyrato I.know sho-is just one-poo many, so I thought;I would got ft' : fofrow fb'join us, anil inakb a, quartette instead ot a trio, or rather, a couple of duots—-don'tVyou think it is a good idea, pot 1h . "Oh, capital 1 Only, its,: not good Beatrice will novor lovo again."',-' '.' Well, (it any rato,,Donzil will ontor taih her.; ho's the bQst follow iii tho world —only came back from India last.w.pk; I run up against liitn in-' Hond-strootinst night | wo wore delighiod.to moot a.<,'ain— wo used to bo tho greatest chuun in tho world, Donzil and I." ::f.' Dpnzil! .-.What a pretty namo '( it? sounil* , fltningoly familiar,'' murmured Gladys. '? Wliat'shis. othor numo ?" v ; " Do Lisle—Denzil do Lisle.... Why,' Gladys, what is tho matter ?' for Gladys had'sprahg to her foot as if-by au elootfic shook, and now stood looking, (lushed and oager, at her tall lovor. _ : _ V • . .. " Whdtnnmo ? Say it again, Claude," clutching fttiiis arm..as ho' was .turning, asido, ' .,'■■■ "Donzil do Lisle. Do yonknow him ■?! -—this lattor. in quick, suspicious tones. " Why, how odd you took P "Dol ?" laughing nervously.' ^.'No,X don't:know him—I havo hoard, tho' name ^-nothing irioro." , " I-don'fciundorstand ; what do yotf mean F laying a' detaining hand on her shoulder. . - V " Nothing," disengaging herself, "lot me go ; T will be back directly. I must tell, Bnatrico with whioh Borioa ..of 'words, jorked out onoafter tho othor, she fiiirly took to her heols and ran. to tho housej leaving Olaudo lookingnftorhor in angry amazement. • , "r "" -' He mado n, stop' to follow- lier, bub thought bettor of it,• and took out his cigarcnpe,';lita:f usee, and: tried to c\Triiot his impatience, with tho soothing influence of o"picked: Havana. The following, soil-; tencps bniko ,'from'him between. the/puffs .of his oigar. **< \- , . - ' 'll nover srvw OIudys so odd lioforo. Now, if TworoA jealous kind of-follow—? Trepeat, ifT. wore j»mlouV' tins last was: vory ompliatic, accompanied by kick i ng a small poliblo iiito tho. river, " I should; swoar this Was somo old lovor of hors ; but it oaii't bo. -I'll noyorJbeliovo niy Gludyu, my littlo whito dovo, could so de ceivo, mo. Hiiro he took a qtiick walk" along tho miniature • torraoo ^which1:; oyerhitng • the river." _■ - " No, I dou'fc'boliovo itj and yot, how., olso account for hev 'suddon agitation at, the mention of Denzil's nairio ??it was that whicli so affected her, I'll swear—ah,.horo comes tho follow liimsolf j; I'll .-taoklo him j" going to iriept him. n6Vd;ucod' good-looking, quite one's beau ideal of nn officer and a gentleman. All, , my.-'d'eav. follow," da-tjip two men met and cordially shook hands, " you'vo found ih out. Tho Kicis will bo very glad to son you. IWhat a jolly day for'a row, isn't it?" * V . • " Yes, grand ; but I'm afraid the fish won't bite ; tho.sun's too bright'." "Oh; tho fish aro. only an oxoiiso. Thore'a one of tho prottiost giilsrin tlio' world to spoon. Oh, yotTliiuo inJt ahnko your hond and try to look.solomiv; wait till you'vo seen hor. I'm sure Mri. Con way—"/ • '• Conway 1" interrupted the other man. quickly. " Did you say Conway Claude's face grow somowhat shadowed, as lie answorod,— " Yes. Do you know horV". ■ , "I know Mrs. Conway once—a-very protty girl. Has hIio a daughter ?" 1 . "Oh, yes;" 'ongerly. : Gladys IB—" " That namo—it must'bo tho samo." He turned to Claudo and holding out hi^ hand, said, "Do you know 1 havo searched everywhoro for that girl for th'o last two years, but liavo been unablo to hoar of her? Lady Catherine Lennox is hor aunt." < "Sho was—didn't you know that she is dead ? But, toll mo, old fellow, wliatdo you know of Glady's ? Whoro did you boo her? When?" «. " She is tho only woman I over loved," rejoined tho other. "I lovo hor still, though Hoaven knows sho trontod mo scandalously. Wo were evorywhero together for a month. I foliowod her like hor own shadow ; sho smiled but on mo, though then I was poor and she snubbod others, men who wero rich aud litlod-" ' - ■ "Gladys, aro you auro it was Gladys Conway ?" " Sure. Do I know my own faoo in tho glass? Not bolter tjian I knew bora. Why, man, though I havo not seen her for so long, put but a pencil in my hand, and I will draw hor face, foaturo for fen | turo, and lino for lipo, as fair os it was [false. .Sho fooled me to tho top of my bent, and I vras mad oriough to think slio loved mo, when in the spring sunshine alio pressed her lips to mine andtfold mo that nothing but death should part us ; and then that very evening to write (lie cruel words sho did, saying sho was already pledged to Hugo Banksido, tiiat 1 must forget her ; we had been very foolish, bob it was essential tliixfc she should make a woalthy marriage, I cursed lier in my heart, nnd left London that night, England the next week, and only returned from India tho day beforo I--mat J'ou ln Bond Street. I had just learned that Bunksido is still uninarrioil, and. I maao up my mind that I would search for Gladys and hear the explanation of tho seeming mystery from her lipsalono ; and now you (ell me that sho ialiere, and atill unmarried. Oh, I shall go mad with joy, at the thought of seeing her so soon, with tho hope that yot she may be mine. Ah, I felt sho could never have been so cruel, so false. I always know thore uiuat have been some strange mistake, some—" " Yes, .as you say, thero had been somo ln'stako, but you must excuse ine—so sorry —just reoollocfc a n.ost importnnt engage ment— you will,wait liero and seo Iter. Gladys, Miss Conway—give that to hor, I must, bo off at once. ' ■During these disjointed sontcncos, Claude-had scribbled a fpw lijios in his pocket-book »nd .thon torn out tho leaf; -he hurriedly folded and handed it to. Major do Lislo, \vlio observed, for 1 ho first time, tho joxceediiig pallor of his face. ' " ; .. • .. ;' \- Arc you ill, old man r^Yoti look as .if. you hadseoii a ghost." /^',No;,all right, thanks, itfs only the shadow .from tlio • lree3';" with a faint laugh boo you agaiirsoon, - Good' by." Aud with quick; decided stops, he was gono. ' , . "Jleally, that is too go id of'him, to make liiinsclf searoo liko this, good bid follow^but I fahciod from a woru^or two tha,t ho dropped; tho othei*' day, , that .1 was to bo introduced this; morning to tho futiiro Mrs. Meredith, but I supposo I was mistakoii. ";Woll, I'm awfully obliged to hiui,. anyhow, to givo mo a clianco of see ing her,liko this. I wish she would come, Wd y'ot, I'dcoad to think of it, if I should bo mistaken;again. . Ah, my "darling, I did . not know licfw entirely I loved you till tho thought of seeing you again has so unnerved mo ; but I must not meet her jyith a gloomy face. Ah, here sho ' comes I" I ■ * And tho strong man actually trembled with suppressed excitement, buttbo light footsteps'-'ho had heard was only Gladys, -who. folt slightly disconcertod to find a stranger thero, and no sign of Glauclo what ever, 'Sho. ...advanced, however, in hor pretty .^fluttering way, aud held out. a tiny: hand, which Major do Lislo took Jand cord iallyprossed, for uUhoiiglUhiswas ;riot,th(3 rose, doubtless she had been noar hor.' ■■■. . _ ; . .Vt'Major'do Lislo, I prbsumb?" paid Gladys, in her bright young voice, and as sho/spokb, 'sho could not help thinking ;Whiit a goodly man tliislovorof liorcousin's ^as. • He was tall -and slight, with a well propottioned and well-built.frame, which looked remarkably enduring. Tho facewaB ;tliat'of.anian who had thoughtandsuirored; clear olive,skin, and waving dark brown hair, and'hoavy, drooping mustache, kindly, deep jjrown.eyes, that women, littlo chil dren and, animals always trusted at first :si»ht.:v. A-clear mellow, voice replied to •Glady's; question,, whilst a smiling light •carno into his dark oyes. " Yes/that is my'name I came here by Claudo Meredith's invitation, and now as ho has >boon unexpectedly ro-called To ,town, I must introduce myself. Ho left this noto foi*iMis3 Conway." Gladys looked as ho folfc, truly n£j tonishod, but held out hor for hand tholot ter, Aftor'a,proqppfiblo hbsitatioii it was /given to hor." Slip put it into hor pookot at once. * „ , ■' ■ : :" Claude gone—without saying gpod-by! How strnngo I'You don't; know mo, Major do'LiBlo, although you aro vory familiar with my natno. ;I anvGladys Conway, tho ,sooond." • . IIo started porooptibly. - > " Tiio'Ghutys Conwayyou know is my :oon3tn,\but you will never seo hor more.: Ahj forgivem(t,"; seriously, "I did not] mean to1 alarm you.' You will seo my I cousin almo3b immediately, "but under an other name. . Oh, how stupid lam ! No, bIio is not mari'iod, but has changed hor name to Boatrico Cameron. It was a fanoy of hoi1' godfather's, who left hor a largo fortune on that condition. S'trangp to Bay, she told mo, only this morning, of her friendship with you throe years ago. Of courso, I do notknow your history, but I am quite suro," with "a charming smilo, " that ono whom Gladys loved must bo worth loving." "Toll mo only one thing; is Gladys still froe ?" ho pleaded. "As froe as air—or rathqj, I should say, as free asji woman can be who is bound up in ajovo story threoyoars old. She is more lovely, more loving and moro loved than ovor; but I am persuaded sho will nevor lnnrrj-—that is,-1 moan,'J with a littlo questioning look at hor companion, •4 alio will nevor, marry unless you ask hor again. I am certain thoro'inust havoboon some mistako. Do you think I ask in idle fcuriosity, but for my cousin—for Gladys' aiike—I ask you straightforwardly, Why you sent her that cruel lottor, and bog you to toll mo tho truth." . Slio waited in broaihlo.*s Bilonco, whilst * a lqsg sigh escaped him,, but ho answoretrlior tnoiij with those honest brown eyes looking earnestly into her ten der ones. » ." Why, I could do no othor, when she herself wrot6 "that it was all a mistake, tjiat I must forgot hor, as ho was botrothed to Arthur Banksido, on acoount his wealtli and position. What could T, tho penniless subaltern in an exponslvo regi ment, reply to such jm appeal ? Could I hold hor to.hor word so lightly givori, or %von did I do so, would alio consont to bo so hold ? It almost broko my lioart, and totally shattered by belief in woman's dis intorostedneBs. I loft Loudon that night, and England as soon as 1 could make tho exchango. Can you fanoy what foolingsof Tantalus 1 had, when tho first letters I re ceived from homo told mo of my acccssion to wealth and oatatus of whiofi till that momeftt I had novor droamod." \'-But alio—Gladys—never wrote (lint !o tjr'you spoak of; it must have boon Aunt Kate—Mi s. Lennox. You know bIio was very proud of Gladys in a way, nnd hnd determined sho should inako tho boat maloh of tho season ; but Dr. Banksido didn't pvopoan till tho day aftor you loft town, and Gladys rofusod him point blank thon, and has kopt on rofusing him over sinco. Of courso Aunt Kato was furious," and packod her off, thon nnd there, back to us, to tlifj old house in Cornwall, whorO wo had lived ftll our lives, and continued to do so till two years ngo, when old Squire Cameron died, and left his god' daughter, Gladys Conway—your Gladys, you'know—ten thousand a year, and his estate in Ayrshire, tlio only proviso being Hint Gladys should take the name of his mothor—Beatrice—and add thereto his own patronymic of Cameron; so that is the wholo long story told in a few words. I-will leave Trix to fill in tlio de tails ; but now—arc you not dying to sco her? Confossnow," added tho light-hearted girl, » "Yes, indccdifain j Bnit can I seohcr —now—at once 1" v '' Yes you nhan't bo kept waiting long, I will go at onco and find Beatrice and send lier to you, Will you conio into tho liouso, or seo Beatrice hero ?" " ITere, if sho will come." "I am suro sho will; so, onco more, nil deapcmiidwn" and with a happy laugh, tho girl disappeared. A more serious look flitted across tho somdwliat sombre face of Major do Llslo, and th> n a look o£ hope came into tho brown eyos, tho thoughts in his brain wero too many to remain thero unuttercd, and oamo forth in dreamy musings. His musings wero. broken by a voice Bpenkitig just behind him—tho ono.voico in all tlio world to liun. "Gladys told mo— Oh, Denzil 1 at last." . .. Tho latter portion of tho aontouco was spoken in his arms, witlrlier head, as jio had so ofton dreamod of it, on liis-breast." Olio- passionate , kiss, wherein all tho love, and' longing, of yoars seomgd to ;find expression, and slio lay quito still,with tlio tours coursing down her "face, x In vain.Jie triod to kiss thorn away; but slursnid _to lot her woop, it did her gooil. Y-'„• • Tlio paroxysm of weeping soon spent it self, and Beatrico' smiled up into her, lover's face. • • "Now toll,.-inbj" sho said,.raising hot head a; little from; its resting- place, and clasping"5ono of liis brown hands in.hor two Uttlo white, ones; "Now toll me, Donzil; how did you find mo ? ' When did you coiho ? Why didn't you conic beforo, Ila/o wanted you so much." ' ' " My -darling ! and I, you—all tlio thno. >' When I rqooived that noto from you— •' Note! what noto? I never wroto to you before you wentawayDunzil; Why should 11 we saw each other overy day.. "Seo, darling, this lqttoiy with your monogram on it." ' " I novor wroto it, Denzil—never," sho interrupted. ? ~ ' " But how was I to know that ? I had novor soen your'hand writing evon." n Oh, Denzil! And after I told 3*ou how I loved you 1" ■ -. v--* 41 Ah, dearest lovo, I ivas mad to doubt you ; but thoro-can bo no truo lovo with out joalousy, and did I not know everyone would ejjvy mo my pearl, my flower? When I recoivod that cruel noto from you —as I then thought—I was stunned, broken-hearth, and wont to India at onco, and havo boon thero till six wooks ago— when 1 was invalided homo," " But my letters,jDonzil! You '^ot them, surely 1" sho said. ■ ; r " Novor a lino, and for. a very good reason. I left strict orders that no priyato corrosponcTonco was to bo frtnvarded.. All to be burned without tlio seals .being;' broken,"-- - • " Ah ! ,that would account for ii, thoii," returned Gladys. . . :<-■ ." Well, thank IIoayon,,\v6 have mot at last j ,and nil owing,'indirectly; to, that good follow, Claudo Meredith, whonil mot' yesterday, in Bond street. He asked mo to run down and go fishing to-day, and as X was sick of my own s'ocietjyl aoceptod the invitation, littlo thinking 1 was com ing to find my wife! With another pas sionate ombraco. Saj;, darling, is it not so—you will not mako mo wait long And Beatrice Cameron, who had not a spice of coquotry in her nature j lifted her sweet, shy eyes to hia face, whoreon shono a ii(ixturo of admiration, love and worship for the slender figure lie held in his arms, and atiRWored,— " When you will, Denzil, I am ready." It is noedloss to say lio thanked her in lovor's fashion, and,.aftor,a short but bliss-; ful pauso, sho said,— ' ; "But where is Claudo, and why is lie gone oil' in such a hurry ' "Ho suddenly rocollB'otod some very ^important businosd in town ; at least, that Nvas his excuse. But my own opinion is that, like a good follow, ho wanted to loava tho coast dear for mo to oxplain matters to jou. Ho gavo mo a note for Miss Conway, which he hastily scribbled in his poeket-buok,' and tlion tore the leaf out. Naturally I thought he meant you, novor dreaming that thero could bo anothor Miss Conway in tlio world, and neither can thero bo such anothor ono my darling." " Silly follow !'' rejoined Beatrice, the rosy blushes mantling hor fair face, and tho lovo-light dooponing in her. dark gray oyes; then, os a sudden thought struck her, " but toll mo, did j'ou mention my name—say anything about our former meeting ? • "I believo I did tell him of our former rotations, but—" "Thon ho thinks of courso, it was Gladys," she interrupted, quickly; "my cousin, tho giil younaw just now—and ho has gone off iu a jealous huff. They are qiily just engaged, and %ire' a3 happy as posaiblo ; indeed, 1 think his only fault ir. that he has a very jealous nature, and I've hoard him tell Glady'u soveral times ho'd novor forgive Jier if he tound alio had kept a socrot from liiin. Silly, joalous follow ! Why, Gladys lovos him with all hor heart, and I don't believo sho could 'keep a secret for lmlf an hour, poor little darling; no doubt sho is breaking her hoart over tho mutter, somowhere. What is to bo dono, Donzil' " Wharo do you think he's gone 1 I'd hotter go and oxjilain things to hiin, and bring him back !' said Denzil. " 1'vo no idea, but you might go to the station, it isn't far, and he's suro to go up to town by train ; at least 1 should imagine so. Wo inust-not let this bo a sccond edition of our story, Donzil, must we ?" nestling closer to "him. - "No, indeed, my darling," he said, once more taking her in his arms ; "your cousin looks but a frail littlo mortal, although slio's so bright. Hero sho comes, poor child, looking distressed enough ! you'll comfort hor, whilst 1 try to find tho runaway. I won't bo gone long, dar ling." - •' Ah, Denzil, how sweet it is to have you again to confido my troubles to!" "Yes, indeed, Uwoethoart; wo have much to bo thankful for; but I trust, my pot, you will havo few sorrows and many joya to toll mo of in the future." "Anyhow, dear, wo shall boar them to» gethor, I hoifo." "Well, I'm off now. Anrervir." And lifting his hat lo Gladys, who camo insight at that moment, ho hastily lofttho garden on his way to the station. Gladys camo quickly towards her cousin ; sho was looking pale and agitated, and there wore (eardrops still glistening oil (ho long oyolfishes. « Sho hold a note toward Beatrice, looking at hor pitcously whilo she read it. "What docs it mean, Beatrice?" bIio said. The note read as follows:— '' I Ieavo you forovor, I should never Iinvo believed your apparently open and cliild-lilio nnluro could 00 liavo dtcelvo'1 ono who trusted you to ibiplicillv- If you had only told mo of your lovo (or Donzil do Lielo, I would liiva douo everything in my power to bring you together. Ab it in, futa lias boon kiud aud brought liim lioro. I will not reproach you with n tunglo word. All I Buy is, may you be happier than you deservo to bo. " Claude," " What dobs it all mean, Trix ? What hav.O'I "dono ? How havo I decoivcd him ? What can hp mean ?" sho moaned. (7o be continual.) 