BEAUTIFUL JIM OF THE BLANKSHIRE REGIMENT. iJT JOHN STRANGE WINTER, Author of 'liootlcs's Haby,' ' Regimental Leeends,' ' Mignon's Husband,' &c.; [AIL QUEENSI.UJD EIQirTS EKSXETED.] Chapteb XX. — Tim Vebdict. The hour of the inquest had oomo, anil all Wulmsb'ury and tho adjacent neighborhood wub in a stato of the wildest excitement. Tho' great criminal lawyer who hod como down from London to watch tho caso on belialf of Beautiful Jiin, I-ad given him as his ouo two ?words — ' absolute silence ;' and upon that lino his client behaved. There was a stormy tcene with Private Loader, who wore and forswore himself until ho wns threatened with contempt of court, and was finally bundled unceremoniously ont of it us n witness who was nothing batter than an idiot ; and bin unwilling and confused evidence was the only evidenco which boro in any -nay ?gainst the churuutei-uf tliu dead mun'a friend, James Beresford. Ou the.olher hand, there was tho testimony of the officer commanding the regiment that, ?inco the timo Captain Owen Mid Lieutenant Bere;ford hod been in the service they had been on terms of unusual intimacy; thnt, on his oath, he believed they Imd never either quarrelled, or had Hiiy approieh to a quarrel, during all the yc-nrs they had been officers of his regiment, and that so far us he knew, Lieutenant Bereaford had Tievcr had any quarrel or unpleasantness ?with any other of his brother officer*. Then came the evidence of th« other oficers whose quarters were on the same landing — namely, the doctor, young Manners, and Tommy Earle. The doctor stated that he occupied n room overlooking the barrack-yard, and next to that of Sir. Beretford. Ho whb, therefore, the f uithcft away from the room in which the murder hud talon place. It wan Cuptaiu Owen's invariable, or almost invariable custom, to spend the last half-hour of tho evening in Mr. Beresford's room. He frequently joined them there, but on that evening ho was very tired. He Lad hud a dangerous case under his ??are for some days, previously, and had not had much bleep the two nights before. ' But vou were invited to enter Mr. Beres fonl'8 rimmr' ?? Certainly.' 'And by whom 5' ' Well— practically by both of them.' ' Gnu you give us the exact terms of the invitation ?' ?' Oh, ye.«,'' answered the doctor quietly; 'I ?went up the stairs with Captain Owen. 31 r. Beresf old was immediately behind us. I taid. ' Well, I'm off to bed ; good night, all of you.' Whereupon Captain Owen returned, ' Oh ! don't go bed yet, come in and smoke a pipe with ut.' Mr. Beresford iupplemented the invitation by taking hold of my arm. * Yes, come in for half an hour, there's a. good chap.' he said.' ' But you did not go :' 'I aid not. I told them that I was dead tired ; that I hud been up thn greater part of two nights with u bad case in the hospital, and ?wanted to get to bed while I had the chunce,' Dr. Foster answered. '? So I bade them good sight and went into mvown room.' ' And that was the lust time you saw Cuptuin Owen?' ' Alive,' replied the doctor. pnte between them ?' 'Not a word.' ' Could any such quarrel have taken place in Lieutenant Beresford '» room ?without your knowledge?' 'I think not.' 'But, being very tired, did you not fall asleep immediately? Did you go to bed at oncer' ' 1 did ; but not to sleep. In fact, I heard Captain Owen go to his own room ' ' How long after was that ?' ' I should say about half an hour.' ' And they were apparently on good terms tlien?' ' ' Well, I heard them laughing: several times. In fact, it wan their laughter which kept mo awake. And then I heard tho door opeii and Captain Owen say, ' Well, I daresay you're right. Good night, old chap.' ' 'Did Lieutenant Beresford make any reply ?' ' ' Yes ; he paid, ' Good night, old man.' ' 'You heard Captain Owen go to his own room ?' II T ASA *\~*A *-1n_-« £1... .]~a_ 1.—1.: ? 3 v: ? 1, .l inn, uuu uiupc i.i'13 uuui ut;iiuiu U1IU* 'Did you hear Lieutenant Beresford moving about bis room after that :' ' Yes. Well, I hoard him, to the best of my belief, get into bed.' 'How could you hear that?' ' iSeeause I heard him moving about the room precisely ao I bad heard him move every night ior weeks past — once cr twice across the floor, then one boot dropped off after the other, and then I heard his cot creak.' ' Through the wall ?' The doctor smiled. \ 'The walls aro not particularly thick, and there is, I believe, only a lath and plaster par tition between his room and mine, and as our cots stand in the same position, with only the partition between, I can hear it creak very dis tinctly.' ' ' You can hear voices plainly through the partition ':' ' I have often called out to Mr. Beresford from my room, and received an answer.' ' And what more did you hear after you be lieved Lieutenant Beresford had gotinto bed?' ' Nothing.' i 'How was that?' *'I suppose because I went to sleep; at all events I heard nothing more until I was called in the rooming to Captain Owen's room und found him dead.' Then followed some medical evidence and the examination of the doctor was at an end. Mr. Earle was called next and swoi n. He ! had very little to say. He deposed that he , occupied tho room on tho other side of Mr. Beresford to iiiat occupied by Dr. Fo3ter. Yes, it was on the same side of the block, and overlooked the barrack yard. He could not ? pay whether Captain Owen and Mr. Beresfard ' were on good terms at tho time or not, as he i bad been at Blankbampton, and only reached [ Walmsbuiy lato in tho evening. He had been | present in the ante-ronm about half an hour Wore they all retired for the night. WaH rathtr tired, and had not especially noticed ] either officer. i At this point Dr. Foster was re-called. 1 ' Did you hear any dispute between Captain i1 Owen and Lieutenant Beresford immediately before dinner?' 'Not a dispute. I heard them talking.' I ' W.»ro they talking loudly?' ! ' ' Captain Owen was speaking rather loudly ; I?. but an I heard Mr. Beresford laugh more than ; ? once, it did not occur to me that they were '.? quarrelling.' ???? ' Tbunk you, that -will do,' and tho doctor ;?; stood down again. Then young Manners was put up, but he had ; , less even to say than uny of the others. Ap ! purently he had noticed nothing and suspected i j. nothing, and ho had got into bed as soon as he ij went to his room, and he had gone to sleep ! immediately. y. Yes, ho had noticed, whilo in the ante-room K after dinner, that Captain Owen and Mr. |,1 Beresford kept pretty oloso together, and that ; ! they were laughing a good deal at sorao joke ( ; between them. YeB, he saw them go upBtairs |ii as Dr. FoBter had described, and he Baw Cap si tHin Owen go into Mr. BereBford's room. He \ , had never heard of Mr. Beresford's having a ? ; .quarrel with anyone in tho regiment— he was a i great favourite. Ho (ihe -witness) had not been ii .quite a year in the service. '! 'There was a moment's pause in the proceed ;{ ings, and then the name of Lieutenant Bores ii ford was called, and Jim stood up! j ''You are a lieutenant in the Blaniahire ;| Kegime-ntr' '? '1 am.' i ' What length of service have you?' | ?' Eight yearn.' ; 'Tint deceased was in the regiment when you 1 joined it?' 'Yes; he was.' [I ' Tou and he became friendly very Boon f' H ' Tea ; be wub my best Iriend.' I ' You aro on friendly terms with all your '.'. brother officers i1' i ?' Yes ; and I have always been 80.' || ' You have sever had any quarrel or mla 3 usderetiinding with a brother officer?' j ' Never.' II When the deceased came into yonrquurtors before dinner, did any dispute urise between T*nf' 'No.' 'He was very angry about somothing ?' 'He was annoyed,' eraphasisiug tut- last word. 'With yon?' ' Oh ! no. Ho was nover cither angry or annoyed with me in all his life.' 'What waB he annoyed about ?' ' I am not at liberty to say.' ' You must answer tho question.' II 1 cannot. It was an official annoyance, about a pcreon not in Walmsbury or very near Walmsbury at the time, and who could not possibly havo been in any way connected with Captain Owen's murder.' ' How was that ?' 'Becausothat person nover know, and to the best of my belief does not know now, that Captain Owen had any causn for annoyance.' 'And you say it was not a personal matter ?' ' Not in tho very least.' ' Then why cannot you disclose the particu lars ?' ' Because they were given to mo iu confi dence, and 1 decline to break it.' 'DidCaptaiu Owen my where ho had been during tho afternoon i' At this point Beautiful Jim raised his honest eyes and beheld staring at him, with tho fascinated gaze of a bird attracted by a tmake, tho girl who was barmaid at the Duck's Tail ; j her smull sharp fenturr-.s -were strained imd | anxious, her dark skin Y.'as of a greenish pallor, which contrasted horribly with her profusn and unnaturally golden hair. Jim lookod at her tteadily for a moment, and then turned hit attMititn back to bis questioner. ' Yes ; he had been into Walmsbury?' ' Did he tell you where?' ' Yes ; he went to the Duck's Tail.' ' The Duck's Tail ? What to do there ?' ' To get the address of u horse-dealer, who had betn recommeaded by Hajur Whittuker.' 'Did he got it?'' ' I don't know ; he did not SHy f ' 'Was the annnyance coanected with this horse-dealear ?' ' Not in the vory least.' Then there followed a long and close examination on the after ?vents of tint day and evening, to all of which Jim retnrned answers precisely corroborating tho eridenco which had cone before. Then at lat-t he was told to »tuud aside, and the name of Rose Mcfkinjr was called. Somewhsit to Jim's surprise, Hose Keeking proved to be the vbarp-Tfoaircd you»g person from the Duck's Tail ; and, if fright. wu- any tiuu of guilt, Miss Meeking uuiit. have Imd the credit of being very guilty indeed. £he deposfd that rather late in the afternoon Csptuiii Owen bad runic into the bar of the Diick's Tail. There was no one else there. She did not know the exact time, but the land lord and the family wcro iiltra. She was biuy tidying up the bar for the evenin;r. She always did that the last thing before slio went to her tea. Captain Owen inclined the addrets of & certain horse-dealer, a U!r. Johns. She knew Mr. Johnii's addre.-w imd gave it to him. She also told him that Mr. Johns had been in the hotel that morning and had goue up to London for two or three days, upon which Captain Oweu remarked that it was no use his writing or going to him for a week or eo. Cuptaiu Owen stayed a short time, talking to her about oilier things, and then left. She did notknnn* which way he went. There was ho one eUe iu the bar during the time he was there. She was then asked whether Captain Owen hud often been in the hotel befuru, and whether she knew him at all intimuteh- ? And to this she replied that she bad never seen him in the hotel but once before, when he hud not spoken to her. The day of the murder was the first time she had ever hud any con venation with him. She was not the least intimate with him. No, he had not shown the smallest wish to be intimate with her. Alter this, Miss Rose Meeking was put down, and several minor witnesses were put up, from none of whom eould uny evidence worth men tioning be extracted. There were various officers' servants, und the men who had been on duty that night, two mess waiters and the gentlemen who hud been gussts at the mess table. If their united evidence, was worth any thing, it was towards clearing Jim Beresford uC the sui-picinu which Leader's unfortunately long tongue had caused to rise up against him': and then they all sat down to await, with what patience they might, the decision at which the jury would eventually arrive ' You arc safe enough,' said the grrat criminal lawyer to Jim. '? There's not a jot of evidence Mguinst you.' ' I have never been afraid there would be,' »uid Jim coolly. And presently the jury were rc::dy wiih tlicir verdict, and umid a breuthloss hush ft was given to the public, when it is safe to suy that the only pei-Bon in that assembly wh'o did not tremble was the oue on whom the darkest sus picion had fallen, Beautiful Jim. While the eyes of ull were dimmed with fear of what, tho next moment might bring forth, ho stood up in his place straight und true, and awaited the verdict with the assurance of complete innocence. And the decision of the jurv was : — 11 Wilful murder against some person or persons unknown.' A ml oh '. what a cheer burst out then, und how they all — or nearly all — pressed forward to takn Jim by the hand' and tell him that they had never, never believed him guilty for a moment. And then poor Leader came, shak ing and pale as a ghost, to tell him if they had given a verdict against him he should have gene out and hanged himself like Judas ; and then when Jim, with rough kindness, told him not to talk rot but to get back to barracks, ho burst out sobbing like a great baby and cursed him self for a blubbering fool, who had risked the neck of the best master man had ever served under. But it was all veiy delightful, nevertheless, to Beautiful Jim. It is easy and well to make little of a danger when it is over ; yot this danger had been very real while it had lasted, and more than once Jim, in spite of his inno cence, had caught himself furtively stroking his throat and wondering what the feel of the rope would be like, if it Bhould come to that i Oh ! without doubt, it was very, very pleasant to be free once more. On account of the dead man still lying in the room above the mess-room, ;rho had been so great a favourit* with them all, there were no open demonstrations of satisfaction and joy at Beautiful Jim'g release that evening But immediately after dinner the colonel filled hia glass to the brim, and turning to Jim, who eat in the place of honoar beside him, drank to him in silence, an example which was followed by every other man at the tflble in turn. 'By-tho-by, where is young Tommy?' aritod Jim suddenly becoming aware that Tommy -wbb not in the room. 'Gone to bed, or in hiB room. Seedy, I fancy,' returned the doctor, -who flat on hia K-i't. 'The young duffer's not up to much; he's just about as weak as a cat. In fact, there's no stamina at all about him, and all this business has knocked him over com pletely.' ' H'm — there's no reason why it should par ticularly,' remarked Jim. .' No'; but it has, and that's very certain,' Enid the doctor, deoidedly. Suddenly it occurred to him that it was just possible that young Tommy might have been down to seo his charmer at tho Duck's Tail; that that young lady, feeling herself released from silence by poor dear old Owen'a death, might have disclosed to him tho episode of the afternoon, when Owen had coolly taken pos session of his ring. Further, that Tommy inipht all Ihis time be in a mortal funk lost his well-known ring should bo found among poor Owen's belongings, and some very unpleasant inquiries, be set afloat in consequence. 'I thould think tho sight of that beauty in the ?wilnem-box to- day must havo cured him completely,' Jim thought, with a certain amount of compulsion for the lad's foolishnoiui. ' Well, I must go up as noon as I can get off imd talk to him like a father : and then I'll set bin mind at rest about hia procioun ring.' Accordingly, as soon us ht- could got free of tho colonel's ponderous efforts to show his plrnrore at hi« favourite's freedom, Beautiful Jini'betook himself upstairs, his eyea turning with a look which was in itself a revcrenco to Iho door before which two aentrioa woro uta- ? ,tioncd, and with a rap upon the panel of Tommy's door, opentd it without further emmouy and walked in. The lad whb sitting in 8n easy chair, hia pipe in his mouth, his elbows resting on his knocB, Btaring into tho firu. Ho loofcoJ up lintlessly enough at Jim's entrance, but whim ho saw who his visitor was, turning up into tin attitude of haughty rcKsuliucnt. ' To what,' lie ushuu, ' do I owo tho honour of thiB visit?' Cutter XXI.— ?' You Won't Tkt.t, lint ? ' 'To what,' asked Tommy Eade, wil.U icy formality and politeness, ' do I owe tho honour of this %Mt? ' For tho space of quiio a minute Boautiful Jim stood still :iud sturi'd blunkly .'it him, as if he had not understood thy msamnguf bin words. At last, however, he pulleilliiiua.'U' together, and spoke — ' What on earth ilo yon mean ? ' he asked. 'Exactly what I say,' returned Tommy Ettrle, curtly. Most men would ha,v« grown furious under such an attack from :i l:ul of Tommy's vim™ nnd regimental standing: bur Beautiful Jim, just freed from tlio hIihiIuw ui' :i vinh-nt and ignominious death, with tho woisyht of his bs.lt friend's cruel murder sfil! pnwKiiijj upnu him, did not lose his temper in tin.1 le;ut— untlie con trary, he became peHVrt.iy ™lm mul Kti!!. ?' Tommy,' hi. b.-ffiiu ; wlivu Tommy iiil.i ruptcd him passionately. ?'Earlo, if you ].!.?.?!«?, sir,' \w ??:??. -.1. 'liistorilinlc,' wii.i .Ihi with n \m\i ^niilo, and strung unplu«s on the word. 'Ton me plainly vjiul you mean by thin rxtni'mliunry behaviour.' 'Tho inference is obvious,'' said Tor.ir.ir, ci.UV,y. 'Yes-' in an inquirisiji tov.c — then fin-liii/^ Hint the lad did not spml;, v.i.nt on— 'and X. niu to infer ? what?' but ever, as the ijuwlUm passed his lips the pnle light broke iu upon him, and he grasped Tommy by tin; arm with » grip that made him wince n'ud shrink. 'My God, do you moan to say thnt you believe I murdered him, ' ho itrii'd. Tommy turned away his head and tried to foree his arm irom the grip of the other's strong firpfrs. ' Aiihwerine:' lliumtorod Jim. ' Let go my urw and (.'' out of my room, if you jileune, ilr. Beresford,' returned the lad. But Jim ttood still and suu-ed straight into the lud's huiidtome eyes, as if he would force out of them the plain words which apparently Tommy's tongus refused to cpeak ; and as they stood to, :iu awful thought flashed iiitu Beimtiful Jim's fcuwildi-n:d juind— a confused re'olkction of Eomeihiug gone by, something like a dream, and yet, oh ! what iv:;s it? Whut was it ? A memory crowek'd over by the mist- of intense liunvriaoss : and y«t, if Iim could oi ly grasp it. a memory that had some thing so ulte'ly real imd viriu uliout it that it would sIiom- tbr; whole truth to tho light at once. But what was it ? Aye. what was it, and what wss there in young Earlo's eyes which gave him the cluo he sought ? 1 know not, and tis*nr--dly Beautiful Jiin^ to the end of his ilnys, irnuid nuver'kiiow it either ; but. during thouc terrible mouiuiils of doubt and iiujruifh tho mists were suddenly lifttd off his mind, mid he lvincrauerod— ro- nienibirid the dream he had had thut night, a dntim of Owrn, iiis drur old friend, bcinir in aiifier with him, nml the momentous w»r,U, ' Cunsiueryourself under close arrest. Go to your room at once and I will send ior your sword.' In an instanteverythiiig wa* perfectly clear tn him, and bo gripped young Tommy's arms closer and faster than over. 'You — young — hound !' he exclaimed, between his set teeth. ' 1 suppose you mean to como the ' last of the Earles' rot over me in this instance. Tho last of tiio Earles, und a pretty ending for the Enrlcs — to be entitled out by tho hangman's rope.' (To be coiiiiiiiici!.) 