WICKED SIR DARE. The snow was thick, and her weight, light as it was, buried her at each step ancle deep in the soft impediment, so that she could not make much progress, but at last, after what seemed an age of minutes, she gained the edge of the shrubbery, and still panting hard like a hunted roe, she leaned against a tree, her ears and eyes strained acutely, her whole frame strung up to its utmost tension. It was only breathing time she required -not time for thought. That would come after. As she stood there, trembling and panting, it came upon her like a heavy hand laid across her beart. She would have all the rest of her life for thought I For thought and remorse ! For what had she done ?-the cruelest, the weakest piece of folly that woman had ever committed. She had sent him from her side at the instigation of a few, perhaps false, certainly uncorroborated words of a stfange woman -the man who loved her, who had made her his wife, whom she had loved-and yes, whom she still loved, though he lay cold and dead in a distant battle-field. She had sent him to that death. She, a weak, foolish girl, had sent him fron her to plunge into a reckless life that ad brought him to the grave. Then there rose before her the stalwart, manly form, and bold, joyous face, so full of life and youthful manhood. She saw him as he stood over her whispering the sweet words of love and passionate devotion. She saw him as be looked that night, though she, blind girl that she had been, had not known him.; saw him dash to the onset, with blood-stained sword waved aloft, his voice and very form re animating his men, and winning the cause for which he died. She saw him-oh, God, how plainly, out here in the snow I lying at her feet, his noble face, which still told its story of her deaf ears and sightless eyes, fool that she had been I wet with the blood and dew of death ! ' Oh, my level my love!' she cried, throwig .up her hands towards heovn. * Tikek.metto you I take me to you I' 'Butkhe snow dropped down upon her face'in!tiaockery, and no voice answered ija his well-remembered tones-' Come I' Suddenly a sound, which seemed to come from the direction of the house; startled and re-called her to her danger. The man who exercised so fearful a power over her, from whose inflexible will she was flying, was in pursuit. He would catch her in the snow, and wring consent from her No I anywhere-the silent hut in the forest-anywhere out of his reach ! With a great gush, but a firm clench of the dainty teeth, the hall demented woman turned-and fled into the wood. Poor Eve I She had just awakened to the full consciousness of the extent of her passion; hadjust learned to feel what the word "wife" should mean in all its deep and tender mysteries; had just, from her own inner consciousness, discovered that the passion which she had thought she had mastered was still great and powerful, and dominant as a giant's, but to be told, at the same time, that the object of that passion had died, unrecognised, unfor giving, and unforgiven, at her feet, She turned and ted. Before her, in the deep recesses of the forest, therie lies, half .hidden bythe frost and snow, a dark pool; lalf mad with grief, passion and 'terror, instinstinctively she seemed drawn to it. Even in the wsods the snow was thick, it hid the under-growth from her be wildered eyes, great boughs of trees seemed to rise like ghosts and impede her.flight her strength, made fictitious by excite ment and the crisp cold air, began to fail. She would not be able to reach that awful place of refuge before the pursuer was upon her. . What should. she do ?' Suddenly, as if in answer to the mentally half formed question, there shone, before her a bright little light. Instinctively she nijde .for it, and found that it shone through the tiny windowof thekeeper's hut. She knew it by the.seat, which, covered with snow, was plainly discernible under the huge elm in front of the door. : With palpitating heart this fugitive from she scarcely knew what-this young and beautiful, and much envied woman fell against the post of the door, and felt with timid fingers for the latch. Even at that moment a vague sense of the extraordinary and critical position in which she had placed herself flashed across her; alone at night, she was about toseek the protection of one of her own servants from her own guest I There was no time for thought; she heard, or fancied she heard voices in the distance; her thin soft fingers pressed down the latch, and pushing the door open she stood upon the threshold. , A man was sitting before the fire with his head bowed forward, his eyes fixed upon the glowing blaze which irradiated and made cheerful the plain and rustic little room. The whole scene, small and compact, seemed to strike upon her senses and convey an idea of safety, even of comfort. For the first time since she had started in her wild flight she seemed conscious that it was snowing. She made a move ment acrdss the threshold, and the figure at the fire looked up. The whole light of the room fell upon 'her lovely face, slightly flushed now, with its deep, eloquent eyes and sweet, sensitive mouth-the loveliness made almost unreal and visionary by the background of dark. ness and snow, by the absence of any .cloak or covering about the graceful form. The man rooked with his heart in his eyes, with something of absolute fear on his face; then he made a step forward, and held'out his arins, uttering her name as it had never been uttered before. SEve !' 'Eve stood spell-botund, motionless, her eyes fixed on, and drinking in the hand some face and stalwart figure. Then she threw 'up .her arms with a wild, imploring gesture, as if 'she prayed that this vision might not be a dream and maddening delusion, and, with a low sob, fell into his strong arms. No human pen could describe that moment of wild, conflicting emotion. She did not faint, she knew that, be cause she could feel his strong grasp tight ening around with so vice-like a touch that it biought pain-a pain that was an agony of delicious joy. She longed, and yet dreaded, to hear him speak, lest the voice should awake her from the ecstatic dream. And he seemed unable to utter a word, but each moment he drew her in a closer embrace, until she had, as it were, hidden herself in his enfolding arms. At last he spoke. 'Eve I is it you-you, in real truth I Oh, nay God I Have I gone mad with hiding, hiding I You came in there' looking at the door as if he wanted' some evidence of her reality--' h, s~ P. he started. 'It is snowing fast. "Yo"ur hair, your face, your dress are wet 1 Mprciful fleaven l' 