FLEUR DE-L/8. -4~-- (CONCLUDED.) "Sho must bh searched. Who knows but she may have a rope for theyoungjaokanapes to hang himself withal?" cried one. "And thus rob us of the pleasure," iaid another. But Clemence stood bravely under their glances. Her face lit with a great purpose ; even those rough men seemed to feel the purity of it. Finding she had neither rope, pistol, nor poison about her, they voted it could be no harm for her to see her anti, as they decided their prisoner to be. So the concierge took a candle, and mounted before her to the top of the house. He tobk a key with him, and opened one of the rooms. " Can't afford light to prisoners of state," he said, as Clemence peered into the dark ness; " but, for the sake of doing things pro. per, I don't mind leading you the candle for your visit." At first, Clemenes was so overcome with joy at her success, that she could not speak. She heard the key turned in the door again, and the sound of heavy footsteps along the corridor. They were locked in. Eugene looked at her in speehlese ear. prise. "Oh, poor little Flour.de.Lis I" he said, Swhy have you ventured into this den of wild beasts ?" "The God of Daniel will protect me," she answered, smiling, and looking about the narrow room. There was one small barred window in it. "They searched me for wea pons or poisons," she said; "but they did not find this," and she brought out a small saw. "With this you can escape." Eugene grasped it with a half.smothered. exclamation of delight. "You have saved me, Clemence," he cried. "I have been sitting here for the last hour, as it were, face to face with death. A sort'of mock trial, that wretch, Favrer, constituting himself judge. My first crime is that I am an aristocrat." "But I thought you were a poor man," Clemence faltered. "Yes, poor enoughpetite, yet the Marquis de Launey, in spite of that-a marquis with. out land or honors, so I seldom speak of the empty title." Clemence felt her heart die within her. As plain tonsieur, de Launey, this man had appeared so high above her that her love had seemed " the desire of the moth for the star." Now, ah I the knowledge of his noble birth came like a cold frost over all the warm hopes which she had unconsciously allowed to spring in her heart. But the next words stabbedher more cruelly than this knowledge. "Yea," Eugene went on, "I was sitting here picturing the last hour; this ignoble death-shot as a spy by these drunken ras. cals, and in a few days justice may be estab. lished, and right rule in France. Shot likea dog, I, who had hoped such great things. Oh, Clemence, I owe my life to you. I had not a friend he?Y who would have risked his neck for me. Every man fears for himself, and these are such strange and awful times. There is only one other in the world, I think, who could brave all as you have done." " And she," gasped Olemene?. - " She is Icr away. Some time in the hap. pier future she will thank you for this, pe,?'fi Fleur-.d Lis: Sh.e is the woman wie is to be my w:e.: Gemencetelt as if some one 1A:,prr,4h her an inward blow end her'heart was bleeding. This. then. was the woman with the bright, laughing face and brow, curle. She looked like one made for summer hours of dalliance, not for storm, and despair, and sorrow ; the kind of woman for a ballroom or a summer fete, not for the bedside of death, or the hours of life's keenest agony. But Eugene Sloved hrr and of course he dPr4f ker accord. iogly. There was one hard wooden stool in the room, and Clemencesank upon it, white as a broken lily. Tant moment she had lived her life. The daydfwhen she had hoped anything, when she had enjoyed anything, seemed for away; she groped after them in the remote past, and then buried them forever. Their ghosts might haunther in the future, but she could never hope or enjoy again. Bint Egene saw nothing, suspected noth ing. He felt duly grateful to the dear little creature who had risked her lifi for him; but he read nothing that was in her heart. Preoccoupied with his dreams of fame, he did not read her sweet dream of love. She sat silently a moment; the blow had paralysed her, but she gathered her strength at last, and battled with the' pain. Eugene must not know; he must never know. "Lose no time," she whispered; " begin your work; they are so noisy below. By midnight they will be quite insensible; hut they may have another guard." " I can remove a bar in a couple of hours," Eugene exclaimed, " and in the darkness I can escape; no gaslight to-night to betray me." ' And I had better go now," Clemenco murmured. " Oh, you dear little girl I" Eugene cried, taking her two hands and pressing them to his lips, not noting the vivid scarlet flush which spread over her face. " I am afraid you will bring yourself into trouble by this. Keep close; let yourself be seen as little s o possible, or they will visit my escape on your head. I shall never be happy till you are safe; I shall never forgive myself if evil befell you." "Do not think of me. Hark l I hear the concierge coming back. Oh, be careful; do not look so happy." ,And Eugene assumed his sullen, despairing attitude as the eoncierge opened the door, seized the candle, and gave a hasty look around. "Time enough for love- making," he muj tered. "Needn't trouble yourself to come again, mademoiselle, because he's going to be shot to-morrow--a bas with all spies, I say. Vica la Comeunne-viva la Republiqfes!" And he showed Clomeneo into the streets politely enough. How dark they looked now like an uofathonable gulf of blackness. Clemence almost wished it were, indeed, a gulf, into which she might plunge, and lose forever the burden of life. Then she thanked God that He had given her the chance to save her friend-even to save him for that happy being whose fate it would be to walk life's ways at his side. She longed to wait, that she might be sure of his escape, but feared that might in some way lead to suspicion. She leaned a moment over the dark waters of the Seine, thinking how peaceful the waves looked, and yet what dark tragedies they hid. Once beneath, how soon the cold arms would embrace her; like a dream all her cares would vanish; death would lay his hand on the aching heart and still its pain forever. But something held her back from flinging the life that God had given at His feet. A thought of Christ and His patience came over her. She walked fleetly along, with a vague i idea of making her whole life a crucifixion of self, only she was too worn and weary now the wound was too fresh. After a day or two she would go forth to her life's work-to nurse .the sick and comfort the suffering and the very purpose sent a ray of comfort to her soul; She groped her way through the dark pas sages to her little den. She had eaten noth ing all day, and a deathly faintness came over her. She had one candle left, and when she had lighted it, she saw that some missilehad crashed through the little window, and shiv ered the panes of glass to atoms, and the pot of fler-do-lie had fallen into the courtyard below. Poor Clemence I She had not wppt before, but the tears came now. Her last memento of that happiest time in her life had been snatched away. Like herself, the fleur-de-lis had been dashed to the ground. Clemence traced a whimsical resemblance in their fates, but wept over the flower as she had not done over herself. The next day passed in a sort of tired' stupor, from which she made no attempt to rouse herself ; but toward night an unusual excitement seemed to arise in the' streeets. Clemencebegan to fear her loneliness. It was so hard to have no human being to speak to -no one to say an encouraging word to her. Oh, how the child hungered and thirsted for love I She was like a clinging vine suddenly torn away from its support. " I cannot bear this longer," she said, as the.ehouts and franti ocries, and noise of marching troops and cannon shook the house. "Even old Mother Brie will be better than no one. She can, at least, tell me what it is all about. Oh, I pray Eugene is safe 1" So Clemence wrapped herself in her shawl, and stole out in the dark streets toward the house of the old washerwoman. She found Mother Brie dressedfor the pro. menade in a clean white cap and apron, and quite excited with a rather pleanurableexcite ment at the promise of a night of terror. " Oh, I came to stay with you," Clemence cried, in dismay. " So you shall, dear," cheerily replied the woman. "I only want to have a look at the famous barricade by the Madeleine. Meon Dien ! how a Frenchman does enjoy a barri cade I I swear, they might have beaten the Prussians if they could only have torn nup some city pavements and made a genuine bar ricade. My man is in the hottest of it." ",But what has happened l" ClemenceI asked. "Don't you know, little mouse? The Ver· sailles gentry have won the day, and are marching in at one of the gates. But our peoplewill give them a warm weloome--ny, and light some beacon fires which they will remember;" and the old woman chuckled and laughed. "lBst what are you gring to do with the kerosene l" Clemence cried, in surprise, ece ing old Mother Brie putting a can under her shawl. "Light the ijoyfires, you know," Mother Brie replied, laughing again. "Come, you shall see." And Clemence, fearing to be left alone, olung to her etrange companion, and they went out together. WVhat a scene it tas I The streets torn up, and frantic men everywhere working as if for life and death. In some places, even the women were at work, area tures with furious faces, and eyes cruel as death. Oces, Clemence stumbled over a dead body -a man lying stiff and stark across the publia way; and no one paused to raise him ~Ab, Paris was dark no more. Here and there suddenly leaped up columns of light till the very skies grew lurid, and wild creatures danced like demons around the flames. They seemed intoxicated with joy as they saw the proudest monuments of their city wreathed in flame. Mother Brie had vanished, and Clemense stood trembling and alone; She guessed the truth now-these were the joy-erce to wrel come the Verea-ites troops. S?'erra I th es r. =Sw ig'ht. The em. !eter himee'f a:vea ? ue ar tczh costly tire works. That is the Tuileries. We will canonize the parson who did that. if the c'~mmnwe had won saintship srns ha=?be b'en cheap. 'We ?i's e hte hin G ieall the riecte, and made saints for ourselves. Ha I ha! down -vth the T'iieries i Gear out the tithv nest where kings and emperors rioted. ?. ; la Comunenre I" Clemence heard those last words with a csd chwedder. . e re:,r sed i the drunken concic:je in the spealker. He was still drunk. Perhaps that was his normal condition. Clemence tried to meve away, but the crowd was too dense. She was, instead, pushed nearer. Then arose a hoar?e murmur "The Versaillaise approach." The wretch turned, recognised her, and seized her by the hand with a horrible oath. "Traitress I" he hissed, "have I met Ih?e ? I who was cajoled by thy sweet words I Ah. who so sly and innocent--going up to let out Imyprisonerl Nay, you will not ecape me now. I had like to have kicked the bucket myselt for thy trick, only they wanted good men and true to receive these acelerats, and could not spare Pavreor I Seel I fellow-citizens, hero she is, the traitress-a spy who helped a state prisoner to escape, and thereby delivered us over to the enemy. What is to be done to her ?" "Boiling water I" hissed out a wrinkled beldame near. " Spies must be shot " growled a hard-fes tured man, looking withoutcompassion on the white face of the young girl, as Favreur dragged her along. "You see, mademoiselle, out of the month of two or three witnesses you are condemned. Commend your soul to God or the Virgin, cr whatever you believe in, and make short work of it." Clemence saw there was no hope. They were fighting furiously at the barricades. N, one knew, no one ca ed what what became of one poor girl, denounced as a spy. Only three days before, death had seemed sweet to her; but, oh I a death like this ! "H?e will never know how I died for him," she said, as she breathed a prayer. " But I know it, and so does God," she thought, and a sweet peace came into her heart and brooded over her face. "I meant to give my life fir others, and He has finished the sacrifice and accepted it already. He sees that all is finished for me here; now the amen is to be said." The man was fumbling about for his pistol. " Death to all spies I" he shouted, hoarsele. and a quick report followed-then another. The concierge fell heavily; but Enouen stepped over the prostrate figure to raiso th young girl. The pale face, with the penaces God shining upon it, was transfigured into t: fase of an angel. The falling golden hair we like a halo. "Dead I Oh, God I" he cried, lifting her tenderly, and bearing her out of the crowd. " Oh, why was I too late l" He underatood all then-the high heroism, the self-abnegation of the young girl, and he read her secret. " She loved me, and she has died for me,' he murmured, solemnly, as he bore the sacrai burden away to the little room. " Greater love hath no man than this-that one should die for one's friends." And he questioned much in the secret recesses of his soul's inner temple whether his bright-faced, laugh ing beauty could halo given her life for him. A slight shaft, with a broken fleur-de-lia wrought in marble, marks the grave of Cle mence in the Pere la Chaise, and fresh' wreathe of immortellee crowned it on All Saints' Day. God keep her memory creep I Mr. Laurence Hutton wites wish a heavy stroke,leaving considerable superfluoud ink on the page. At one time, when he was going over some manuscrint at a friend's house, and dropping the sheets on the floor as he finished them, tse friend's little girl came into the room. "Take care, Hope," said the lady, " don't step into Mr. Hutton's manuscripts, or you will.wet your feet." A rich Fpeculator in Parise,of " shady" re putation, being very anxious to posssss soms decoration, boldly asked tihe Emperor Dmn Pedro to bestow one upon him, as he had al ready done to Mf. de Leeseps and others. "No," said the old monarch, " I can't do it. People would think me a fool. Well, I could stand that. But they would also think you a knave, and I can not have any person of such reputation in my order." The story goes that a Gallican bishop was dining a. good many years ago at Dome with a great prince of the church, who i. quired about the situation of his diocese '" I am bishop of Angou!lme," said the French man; "Bishop of the Department of tha Charente," he added, seeing that the Ultra montane eminence, whose strong point was not modern geography, made no sign. At last a bright thought etruck him. "I at bishop of Cognace," said he. "Ah, Cognac ! ognanol Cognac:" cried all the guests in chorus, "that's something like a bishopric I" A gentleman theother day laid a wager that he would get an autograph out of Lord Tennyson, who is remarkably close in the distribution of his sign-manual, Thegentle. man in question sat down and wrote a polite note asking the noble lord which, in his opin ion, was the best dictionary of the English language-Webster's or Ogilvie'sl That will fetch him, thought the man who set the trap. Did it? By the next post came a half sheet of note paper, on which was carefully pasted the word " Ogilvie," cut out of the correspondent's own letter. General William F. Bartlett was among the captured at Petersburg. Earlier in the war he had lost a leg. which he replaced with a patent cork leg. While he was standing in the crater, a shot was heard to strike witis the peouliar thud known to those who have been in action, and the general was seen to taotter and fall. A numberoi oilicers and men immediately lifted him, when he cried out, "Pat me any place where I can sit down." "But you are wounded general. aren't yonu " was the inquiry. "2ty leg is ahattered to pieces," said he. "Then you can't sit up," they urged, "you'll have to lie deown." "Oh, no!" exelaimed the general, "it's only my cork leg that's shattered ' 'Tis all men's aflice to speak patience to those that wring-under the load of sorrow; but no man's virtue nor sufllliency to be so moral when he shall endure the like himself. There is some help for all the defectse of fortune; for if a man cannot attain to the length of his wishes, he may have his remedy by cetting them shorter. The doubts of an honest man contain more moral truth than, the profession of faith of people under a worldy yoke. Merriment is always the effect of a sud. den impression. The jest which is expected is already destroyed. .alsohood and fravd shoot up in every soil, the product of all climes. \- VWhat it is our duty to do wemust do be. cause it is right, not because any one can de. I mand it of us. Health is wealth, although the latter often destroyes the former, LP7 