1Iovctist. A Late Repunt nce; OA, THE LITTLE WHITE HAND, \--4*- By MRS. MARY DE.'1SON. CHAPTER XXV. THE TEOEOBLE SHADOW. There was a small case of shelves in D)an nieton's bedroom, harging atainst the wall to the right of his Led. The room bad a soon:bern exposure, and looked out aron Eoftly tinted hills, hamlets, a church rptro, end r. few well-cnltivateo farms. This was tae room he had nlest in when a boy. The paper, carpet, htngings, furnitere 'aere all toned to a delicate shade of green-the very fain:eat rugeestion of that color, but etill green. The bookcase had been given him years ago. and he had ones thought it the most precious of all his per.s seions. On its topmost shelf eos tit huet of some divinity-he could not have told whom,eince he only bought it on account of a supposed resemblance to his mother-and thre it hoad always staid. Near bis bed's head was a pedestal of white marble, very high, and nc which always stood fowers in their season. The etands were filled with esrly violete He had gone the rounds with MNr. Leslie that evening, from one end of the hhouse to the other. A long time he lirgered in the room with the "pink and Lnle 'angings " pleased with evarythirg, and prai,iog the horln4eeptr. " Now ie's a pity," soliloquis'd Mrs. Les. lie, a yenou don't know hrat complexion's a goln, to be set to this zoom in blae. O e of them you say is a bruenrcl; bat who. ther the other's a blonde, and suited for the blue, who can Itil? She may be black, atd think herself a fright in this unbecomiog abade. Now, a brnneck is ready for almroa say other color but this shade of blue, my lord. But, there, we'll have to trust Provi. dence." "You certainly will, Mirs. Leslie, for I know no more who Miss Ieolino's friend is than the man in the moon. It's rather curious, too, she didn't tell me; hot then, she knew that anyone belonging to her would be welcome." " I rather think, my lord, as Miss Isolile won't go back the way she come," said the housekeeper. "'Not if I can keep her here, Mrs. Leslie." "Teeres no manner of doubt about that. But what of the old eayinn I" "Oh, but she's not a titled lady," said his Iordship, smiling. '"N, but you'll make her one," replied urea. I.eelie. "True. Well, we mu:t leave there puo. zles alone. There may be quite a @ifferent mesnion attached to it from what we can "That a true, my lord, but I thought the temPer was in." "Yes, in Liverpool. To.morrow, sharp ven, I must mut mend my carriage to the fonron terminum. They will he here to tinch." "Danr me, you dorn't say," exclaimed Mrs. itce, happy as a chi'd, and clapping her Te.. We msut be quite resplendent, tie. Trelite." "'And r-plendent we shall be like the thCs:trr heaven."' wase the fervent reply. "Theree.' carned staff enough sent up from -::dn to stlcc a frniterer'e stall with. f!ea r.eve had ulch Ep!cedid leck with our f:let, our jOl!ies, out marmalade, that I &r;',: heiruth cthle etiR heou'der I've got in :"S :n, nog of 'em. O course, there'il be "'Or there wouldn'i be ladies," responded B":rri,_ton . lie "nCot to his room early. The south stca I have spoken of. He did not notice the book-hbeli-he never did of late. The hookn stacked up there were childish trifles. The ass was liglted, and he tonted it down more than he usually did. But then outside the splendor of the room thrilled the atmoe hbereof night, and sent pale electric gleams Over the landerape and into the room, whose opaline color lighted into wonderful distinct era and beauty under its thrilling, silent Donniston went early to bed, leaving the lbht in the same position. He had become accustomed to the pale spectre that haunted Lim, It did not appear outside, in bodily presenco, but it walked within through the dim byways of his conscience, where the doore opened and ehot noiselessly, and steps reverbated under the archer that should OUen mnor know the beauty of light, the I whiteness of innocencte. 4 He was generally a sound sleeper, but bout midnight he awoke as suddenly as il sOme Imperious touch or tonehad summoned _im. In fact, he said "What?' and then aowered at the sound of his own voice, The light was not as dim as it had seemed a few hours before. Io wondered what the time was, and reached out his hand to lift his watch from its receptacle, when suddenly ei paused in the act; his faculiices seemed suspended. There! Good heaven I what was that over the bookcase? The form of a woman lying down under light drapery, and lifting out toward him that hand which he could never banish from his mind. It was so terribly real that he saw her eyes fixed upon him with a etrange un quiet; so real that he saw the lips move; so real that he felt that the hand was trem bling. Toe perspiration broke out think upon him, and he fell back on his pillow with a loud cry, shrinking and cowering like a frightened child. it was only a shadow gifted with a terribly real resemblance to the thing portrayed,even to the quivering whiteness and lightness of that small hand. Only a shadow, but it had the power to wrench from the man groans of agony, to make him utter threats and imprecations against himself. It had the power to create in him an inferno far msre fearful than all Dante'sa.itoed-tor.. ments. It was then that he. trembled and wept, and vowed that he would shut the doors of Alderboughs on himself, leave his house. leeper to do the honors, and fly from all human associations. All this, too, when he had convinced his consciousness that it was but a shadow; when the face had lost that fixed look of agony; when the hand had faded toa blotch upon the paper, and the form to almost in distinctncee. The horror of the impression did not leave him all night. and he arose in the morning weary and haggard, the illusion dispelled. but mono the less heart stricken and shaken. As the sun rose, however, gilding the clouded palaces, dispersing the mists that clung like grey spectrea to the distant heights, kissing all things with its gold and crimson lips,and leaving their impress thereon in the same :oyal colors, the vividness of the house seemed to lessen. Mirs. Loalie's bright, eboery face was better even than the sun shine, as she said: " Well, the best of good lanck to your lord ship, and may Heaven prosper your woo ing." CHAPTERXXVL "LtUrNA vSCOFF, I oITE YOU.~ Would Heaven prosper it? That was where Duoniston doubted, as he had good cause to. All things seemed working well. I Fortune and beauty were almost within his grasp. The power to live as became a peer of England; the pleasure of companionship; the poesesaion of a woman who loved, and it might be, honored him. Oh, how dear, and yet how distant, all these things seemed I Ast ten minutes before seven he received a telegram, which had evidently been delayed. It read thue: " leceived your message. The ladies[ think it beet to remain in Liverpool, at the St. GCorge's House. Will come on the first train." " Imight have known they wouldn't come tearing into town at such an hour," eaid Dunniston, turning unoomfortably hot. And he went and gave orders that the carriags should be pot up till afternoon. Mros.Les. lie was quite agreeable, o bshe said; all the beiter for her, as she could give her time to the ordering of dinner. hieantime, Isoline and Laura were making the most of their briee stay-not in sight. eeing,bless you,no I but in dreseing. Trusl; j were overhauled, finery brought out, and Laura's exquisite taste consulted and com. - manded. " Well, I'm delighted I" exclaimed Isoline, as Laura shotl out the folds of a violet silk, shot with silver. -: "At what, pray i' qgeried Laurs. "To see you drop that eternal black for once." "Isn't that rather a strong expression ?" asked Laura, as, intent on the shade of a ribbon, site ransacked her store of finery. " O course I wouldat wear black to-day, Rsther all the colors of the rainblow-in honor of-sf your ladyship's installation, perhaps." "Laura! You know if i thought you meant that I" exclaimed lealine, threaten ingly. " Don't think it then, my dear. Thereare the men, hungry as usual, and we not half dressed." It was the judge, with two other gentle men, who were told, delicately, of course, to go about their business, and as that bus nese was eating, they went with a clear.eon science.1 "There, I am ready, said Isoline, beam. j ingly. "But I am not," said Laura. Besides I'm not the least bit hungry. Go down with out me." "I can't go down alone." "You' mast. I shall not probably go at all. You have always a good appetite. Pleasa don't wait for me." " Will you go down soon ?" "Yes, very likely. Gone I" exclaimed Laura, with clasped hands. "Thank Heaven for a few moments in which to breathe free from espionage. She suspects me, and no wonder when I act so like an idiot. Oh that I had not been so foolhardy I Oh, that Ihad never come What shall I do, or say, or think? If some one would only marry me off-hand, or if I could slip away and not lear being hunted for. I feel like a coward. Twenty times I have acted my part, and twenty times I have felt that I should fail, What will he say? How shall I look him in the face? Oh, only for the rower to hate him! but I eianot-I cannot. That miser able feeling that there is but one, only one in all the world, and he beyond me, above me, and me forgotten. There, am 1 crying, and tears ruin my eyeso. I have wcpt so much bf late. Let me see. He will meet us and Etart. Oh, how he will stare I I shall say gayly, ' How do you do, Lord Dunniston ? I thought I would surprise you.' No. but I shan't say it that lightly-.not wish his eyes upon me. If imagination has power to move me so, what will the real presence do? llit stop I Ill nIt conj-.:ture. I willhave couratCa. Since the ordeal most be passed, I'11 brave it out or die." She pausDl in her quick walk,and lookledin ties glass. Hef eyes shone with a feverishbril. liaucny. "Can I keep that up ?'" she murmured. "No., I'll put on a hint of rouge. Therol I do look well! Someway I feel as if 1 even eclipsed Isoline. Some one told me osce that my face rwas like a pale radience.- 1 fear it will be pale enough at eight of him, but not-radiansl. Excitement will help me to-day, must help me. I feel myself trem. bling from head to foot. And Isoline's steady eyes always upon me. She suspects me; she thinks I have - a secret. I can almort read her thoughts. She knows we both love him; but I-I have the best right. He has already asked me to marry him. I shall hold him in my power. le shall marry me or he-he shall never marry leo. line." She held up her hand, her eyes still glit tering. "I swear he shall never marry Isoline. I'il confront him at the very altar with his crime, so help me Heaven, I will! Isark I ie some ose coming ?" She began hurriedly putting away boxes and vials, but it was only the maid who en tered, and Laura left the work in her hands, when she went down to dinner. So few young girls in European cities make their appearance at an hotel dinner table unaoo companied, that Ieolion's independent bear ing and stately beauty provoked geieral comment from gentlemen who-eat in little knots by themselves, reading and leisurely eating. But when Laura came in-her rib bone flattering, her cheeks brilliant, her'hair all in a wavy mass of brown and gold-every paper was laid down, and a buzz of admira tion went round the room. "That's the. nobbiest one I ever see," exclaimed a banker's clerk, as he set down hiscoffee untasted, and had the terribly bad manners to lodok backward for another glance. "She's a stunner,' observed the banker himself, who eat where he could see without taking the trouble to turn. Aundo comments passed. The judge complimented her in very flat tering terms, and one of the gentlemen, who had been long trying to pluck up courage to express his admiration of her, but could not, even under the most propitious circom stance., sat and blankly looked and blandly rsmiled. . - . Isoline compressed her lips. She had hitherto felt no fear of Laura as a rival, but what possessed the girl to look so beautiful? It was as if a fame were playing under the transparency of her skin; as if a fire dazzled in her eyes; that strange, intangible atmoa. phere which we call electric, had never before seemed to permeate the attractive Polish girl. " Will it keep, I wonder 9" muttered Iso. line to herself, "or will it die out? What object has she to gain by all this manteover. iag? for I am quite sure-that she is trying to blind me-has been, in fact, for some time." How little she knew how near to desperas tion her rival-if rival she might be-was at this moment I The dinner being over, the party left the table. "Half-past nine," said Laura, consulting her watch.. "What shall we do to pass away the hour?" "Tell some stories," said Isoline, watching her. "That is not my forte; is it yours?" said Laura, looking up. But the eyes fell in sFtntly under the searching scrutiny of leo line's eyes. "No. Tell me some of your secrets," said Isoline. " I put some rouge on to day," returned Laura, trying to laugh. "That's no secret. I saw it." "Oh I Do you think they did? your father and the rest '" and she clapped I her hands to her cheeks, which were burning red now. "1 shonldn'b wonder," replied Isoline. coolly. . "I suppose you never nec it?" queried Laura. " Never 1" was the quiet reply. "Ah I but you are much better than I am in every way 1" said Laura, in a low, mock. ing tone. "Confess your sins, then," said Isoline. I believe you have some terrible secret upon I your soul. I do, I do." "Don't be tragic, Isa; leave that to me," and Laura tried to laugh. "I'm not tragic, I tell the truth, and you know it." " You are truth itself." "Don't banter. You ought not to be so Isecretive. Perhaps now I might be able to I help you." " "You could-to a dose of poison." "You frightful girl;" r\o'aimed Isoline. " Are you out of your mind '': "No, only suffering," replied Laura, reek. Iably. •. "Iteally asuffering?" \- "Yes, from indigestion. I had to eat. But, oh, Moses I what a dinner I That's one of your dear little lieutenant's favorite speeches." "Ah, you laugh and make light of it, but ! can see that you are suffering with some thing besides indigestion." " I am rather anxious as to what sort of a reception Lord Donniston will give me, Do you think that he will consider me a ghost at first eight 1 Why, if I had met him un expectedly I should have-lost my reason perhops." "I don't at all think that Lird Donnisroo has se little balance of mind as to lose his. Waa it s:tcgether for the scene, for the sur prise, that you wanted to keep incog.?" "Ioline, I will not allow you to question me so." "Because I'm troubled about you. You don't act like an innocent woman." Laura sprang up. She was very angry, and white as a sheet. "You are inselentl" she exclaimed. "Isoline Huntley, i will make you repent otter spoken than thought," said Ieo s.. ~ullenly. "If you will persist in mak ing people seuspicious you must take the benedt of their fancies." "Do you challenge me, then?" asked Laura, fixing upon Ieoline a look so proud, yet so. full of meaning, that the girl cowered under.it. S'No, I don't challenge you. I dare say your Eecret, whatever it is, has nothing to do with me, buhot I hate to feel every moment on the point of a quarrel." "1'll never quarrel unlass you provoke me too far," murmured Lsura. "I do wish 1 had not come, if you care to know that: but now that I am here I will play the play out." "Laura, you told me once-it was a fiction you know- that Lord Dunniston made 0lo to you." "Don't go over all that ground again," caid Laura, wearily. "That he asked you to marry him. Well, in order to do that he most have confessed either that he has forgotten me or that he loved you for yourself, and me fot my money." How very close to the cruel truth she had o"Well?" said Laura, knitting her brows, darkly. * Laura, I do not believe that it was c fli tion--and never liave. I believe you00 told God's truth." " " eAs you please," said Laura. "Is it the truth?" " A you please, I said." - " Laura teechoff, I hatoe you l" With such vehemence were these worde hissed oat thas Laura sprang Iack and felt the- blood leave her cheeks. "Confess that you have hated me for a long time," she said, regaining her presence of mind. - "I do." "It is a pity all this was not said beiore we left New York." And Laura smiled bit. terly. "I wish it had been; but I felt--flt that I wanted to triumph over you, aLd I will." "Oh ! You wished to use me as a Loll, did you ?" "And feeling, almost knowisg, that for a time-only for a time-yon nupplanted inemo I his afiections by ycur well.laid plans, L de. determined to let you see heow easily I could I eonquet you." - - -"True, you have the money," said Lura I coolly. i oleoline wasee for a moment almost bie herself. She advanced towards Laura as if t she won!d strike her, but the other stood her ground. "Itis alter this then open warfare," said Laurs, . "Yes, it is, and I.repeat again that I halo you -" "Very well. All this will only make easier what I have to do." "What you have to do? What are you scheming for all the time? I see it in your artful eyes. You are w r than I thought. But do not consider mn 'pleas child, corm. pletely at your mercy. i :ow how to do. lend myael." ",We both talk like braggarts," said Laura, alter a brief quiet. "Let us at least put on the semblance of friendship, since we are unavoidably thrown together. It would be better for both of tie if you had kept your temper. You have many weapons that I have not. I have only one; but now,beliova me, I shall use that." Iaoline trembled all over. Her passion was almost fury, internally. Sno had never been thwarted in her lifo, and now to have thbi foreigu girl, this upstart, turn upon her, was too much for human endurance-heren durance at least. B?t the words "I have only one weapon" haunted.her, and she weuld faih have begged to know what that onoweapon was. Certainly something that Laura thought most effectual From that moment Laura's way seemed-ever so much plainer. .. Neither the: judge "(wo' was obtuse) nor his friends fancied, as they eat in a first. class carriage face to face, that there was any quarrel between the two girls. They. were as carelessly quiet as ever, as courte. ously polite; but under ths cool composure of one emoldered deadly hate, while under that of the 6ther burned a fixed purpose, whose heat was hourly more and more in tense. The gentlemen were so enthuseiasti over the wonderfcl scenery, so altogether new so them, the coiled strands of hedges gl;stening in the sun like the scaly backs of green tsr. pente, the rich vegetation, the painted leaves of the ivy growing so luxuriently everywhere, the farm houses, the peasants' cots the flowery vales, the green, richly- mossed lanes, the orchards, the mills, the churches, that they had no time to read the faces of their lady friends. And rven if they had-if one says you shall not read their face, you cannot. The will is stronger than a mask of iron, (To i. cotrlieuea.) d 