A CATALOGUE OF CRIMES CASUALTIES. AND (FBOM ENGLISH AND FOREIGN PAPERS.) A man's heirs are sometimes his most impatient "creditors. A nugget vreighing 151b. has been found in the J>e Kaap GoldfieKl, South Africa. Farmer 'Alston, who lived near Weatherford, Texas, forbade his daughter marrying a local merchant namedTurpin. Oh her disobeying Governor Gordon, of Georgia, is a brave .fellow. He the other morhiiig rescued several ladies from a burning hotel. - His own life was in imminent danger. Poor Hans Stockreid had been unable to get any work in New York. . In sheer desperation he and his wife took poison. They died w ithin an hour of each other. The Chinese are entering the English book markets'as purchasers of their own literature : and it' is -said that Chinese works are constantly sent back to China, the said being sufficient to encourage this. A first class constable named Patterson has been dismissed from the' Liverpool force for a .violent assault on a barber who had aceiden tally cnt him while shaving him. Patterson ,had been In the force twelve years. At Cape Juby, on the West Coast of Africa, *he attacked an English commer- J ciai house and killed several of the employ^, including-the director of the establishment. Pillage is said to have been the object of the outrage. Hot cross buns have proved fatal to a young woman at Kilburn, England, named Finch, daughter of an omnibus driver. She ate twelve of them, when one of the intestines gave way ; mortification soon set in, and death was the result. A verdict of suicide while labouring under temporary mental derangement was -returned by a coroner's jury at Deptford, England, .upon the body of the Eev. David Alexander, a 'Nonconformist minister, who shot himself in a field. A woman at Sheffield, England, named Hilton, who was in the habit of drinking heavily, obtained a pint of whisky and drank the whole of it. Soon afterwards she sank into a 'stupor, and was taken to bed.* She was, found dead the following morning. A labourer, named Dewhurst, residing a'' Accrington, England, has atte-npted to commit suicide by shooting himself with a revolver. Though prisoner fired four shots,, the ^pistol was so defective that the only bullet which struck him failed to penetrate his rib. Curley and Higgins, two labourers, were each sentenced, to five years' penal servitude, and a woman named -Matthews to eighteen months' imprisonment, at the Manchester Assizes, England, for a robbery with .violence upon a sailor who had just left his ship and had treated them freely. .The Eev. Evan Bowlands, a clergyman of the Church of England, died at Carlisle, England, in circumstances of great poverty. The deceased was to have been buried at the expense of the parish, but Canon Bichmond undertook to give him a decent burial at his own expense. A fearful tragedy was perpetrated at the village of Lnddenden, near Halifax, England. A butcher and small farmer—Mr. Emmott by name—has lately, it appears, not lived comfortably with his wife. He took a large knife from his shop, proceeded to his wife's bedroom, and nearly severed her head from her body. He afterwards committed suicide. A " ghost" which lately had nightly terrified people in a village on the outskirts of Shrewsbury, England, has been effectually laid; 50 villager set out with sticks and missiles, and succeeded in effecting a capture. The ghost was . none other than a farmer. His captors ^chastised him severely, and lie was only released on his Wnrlingr over £5" for the local infirmary by way of. compensation for his folly. Six lads" of. Burgettown, Penna., ranging from 10 to 15 years had been reading dime hovels: They afterwards went to a barn to play cow-boys. A lasso was cast around the neck, of little Jimmy Barton. As he struggled tb gfet free of the* tightening of the rope they laughed "in uproarious-merriment. Suddenly tfimmyrfel&ixfc; the floor ; s*all they pulled. He then^camejlivid. "'Tfaeuvihirth was niaiwsoon stopped. In a few minutes little Jimmy was dead;.— ' A man named Bushel!, formerly one of the leading tradesmen of Sandwich, England, was recently found lying deal undar a straw stack at Staple, near Wingham. Five years ago he was in good circumstances, but taking to heart the death of his daughter, he became melancholy, and neglected his business, which about nine months since failed. Bushell has since been wandering about living on charity. His death is attributed to starvation. A lady lion tamer in Dublin (Ireland) had gone successfully through her entertainment and the audience had retired. She was being photographed with her head in the mouth of one of the lionesses, when startled by the sudden flash of the magnesium light, the animal closed its jaws, and it was with difficulty that the lady could be dragged bleeding from her dreadful position. Her injuries were not, however, serious. James Hurley,, a watchman at Rowley (England) has been committed for trial on charge of attempting to murder his wife, and to commit suicide. Hurley and his wife had been married, about fourteen years, and latterly the prisoner had sufferied from violent pains in his head. He cut his wife's throat with a pocket-knife, remarking, "you will have to go first." She raised an alarm, and in her absence prisoner inflicted a terrible wound in his -throat. 