RECENT DISCOVERIES IN PATA- GONIA. (FROM THB ST. JAMEfl'e GA2ETTE.) Never was there such a misnomer for any land as that which Magellan gave to the group of islands whose intricate channels render navigation 60 dangerous in the seas of South America. Every night, as he passed its northern shore, his attention was attracted by small fires along the channels—fires which he supposed were in some mysterious way a characteristic of the country. They were only the signal-fires oi the natives, but they gained for the archipelago the name which has stuck to it— Tierra del Fuego. A little more fire and a little less water would be the making of the region. From Magellan's days to our own, if we can trust the results of recent exploration, the most erroneous conceptions have prevailed as to the real character of Tierra del Fuego. Its shores have had many visitors, but nntil the last year or two its interior •was practically unknown. Darwin's descriptions of land and people will be remembered by all who have read his Voyage of the Beagle. According to him, the one was the most inhospitable and the other the most degraded to be found on the face of the eartb. With his characteristic candour, however, Darwin admitted afterwards that he was mistaken as to the people, and atoned for his mistake by subscribing to the South American Missionary Society. One of the missionaries of this society, Mr. Brydges, ha.s done something to correct the prevailing erroneous impression. He has lived and worked in Tierra del Fuego for many years, and knows the country and people well. By a recent arrangement with Chili, the Argentine Republic has had her claim recognised to the eastern portion of the great island around which the others are grouped, and she has lost no time in taking means to ascertain the value of her possession. During the past year, Don Ramon Lista has been exploring the interior of the island with unexpected results; and hie conclusions are confirmed by the researches of other recent explorers, including the late Lieutenant Bove, of the Italian navy, ancl Mr. Julius Popper, the agent of a mining company. The popular conception of the country must now be seriously modified, and we shall endeavour to state briefly in what respects. As the archipelago has an area of 80,000 square miles, and extends 350 miles from east to west and 228 from north to south, it has considerable variety of climate and feature. The recent explorations were chiefly in the main island, and its Argentine section in particular. The country, instead of being a mountain of eternal snow, as Darwin says, is excedingly varied, presenting almost every diversity of surface—high mountains, deep valleys, rolling table-lands, fertile plains, numerous lakes, and frequent watercourses. Occupying a large portion of the extreme north (the part hitherto seen by most navigators), and extending from one extremity to the other of the straits, are continuous chains of moantains, sometimes running into peaks several thousand feet high. These mountains form an impassable barrier from the north, their summit covered with perpetual snow and their sides clothed with impenetrable frosts. In all likelihood, however, passes will be found. Adjacent to these mountains on the south is a wide belt of high and rather barren plain, running the entire width of the island. Then succeed lofty, table-lands, quite covered with forests. South of this is another chain of sierras; and etill farther south the country opens into an extensive plain, which occupies all the central portion of the island, and is quite destitute of trees, except small patches here and there of hardwood and Bhrubs. The plain is covered with an abundance of rich grasses, which in some parte are reported to be well suited for both cattle and sheep, especially the former. The extreme south portion is also mountainous, some of the peaks being volcanic, with numerous glaciers and dense forests. Referring especially to the eastern portion of the large island, Don Ramon Lista says that it presents two aspects. From Cape Holy Ghost to Cape Penos there are valleys more or less extensive, covered with splendid groves and irrigated by large rivers, some of them navigable. " This region enjoys an agreeable temperatare, with very little snow daring winter. Soath of this the appearance of the country changes, and large forests appear, where the grass is not so abundant nor the rivers large. The face of the country here is jiefching like that of Switzerland, with small lakes, elevated mountains, and valuable timber forests." The geological formation of Tierra del Faego exactly corresponds to that of Patagonia. The mountains, broken and disjointed by the convulsions of nature, with wide seas now running where they have been depressed, are but the continuation and southern extremity of the Andes j while the plains and uplands partake of the same geological characteristics as those which distinguish the Patagonian steppes. In some parts the formation is decidedly volcanic. Gold has been found, but whether it will ever pay remains to be ascertained. With regard to the climate, we are still in want of adequate information. Though far from being an ideal climate, it seems to be not so bad aB it has been painted. Leaving the extreme south out of account, excessive moisture seems to be the main drawback, especially in winter. The thermometer never goes far below freezingpoint; but, on the other hand, it never rises very high in summer. In fact, from all we can learn, it is not unlike the climate of Orkney, and the want of a continuous hot summer appears to bo inimical to any great agricultural development. At Ushvia, however, on the south side of the island, in Beagle Channel, where Mr. Brydges resides, destructive frosts have been known to occur in almost every month of the year, and snowstorms in the very middle of summer. Throughout the northern portions, under a much higher temperature, the various grases are said to grow very luxuriantly, and potatoes, bsans, peas, and almost all the common vegetables reach great perfection. In all the pampa or prairie region there is a great abundance of sweet grasses, and many fruit-producing shrubs and vines. Mr. Brydges states that wild strawberries, wild raspberries, wild gooseberries, and wild grapes grow all over the country, and attain an immense size. The forests contain but five kinds of trees, three of which are species of beech, and the other two are winter bark, resembling the magnolia, and a species of cypress peculiar to the country. Of shrubs there is a considerable variety. While there are probably few streams in the country of sufficient size for navigation, there is a large number of small rivers and watercourses, which assist to irrigate the lower plains. It is with the people as with the coantry; they are not nearly such degraded savages as they have been thought. From their elaborate language and extensive vocabulary, Max Miiller believes that they must have degenerated from a much higher condition. The truth is there are two distinct peoples in Tierra del Fuego—one tall and well built, the other short; and this accounts for the inconsistent statements which have been made about the Fuegians. There are the northern Fuegians, or Onas, and the southern, or Tahgans ; and Mr. Brydges maintains that the great differences between them arise from their differing surroundings and very different modes of life. The Onas, of whom very few remain, are a large, well-formed muscular people; while the Yahgans in their wild state aTe described as " the most miserable specimens of humanity that can be found in the western hemisphere." Yet Mr. Brydges, who has worked among them for years, has had great success amongst them, though he finds it slow work to raise them above their own degraded notions of .morality. Such is the new aspect in which this Land of Fire is presented to us. The Argentine Government are eo impressed with the value of the country that a Governor has been appointed, and great efforts are being made to attract colonists, Should gold be found in any quantity, no doubt people will rush to it as usaal; bat, as a country for permanent settlement and colonisation, even at its best it can hardly be compared with the immense areas which the Argentine Government has to dispose of on the mainland. Meantime, let us rejoice that one more error can be elimited from those storehouses of mistatement, gazetteers and geographical texc-books. SCOTT'S EMULSION OF PUBE COD LIVES OIL WITH HTPOPHOSPHITBS, IB prescribed by physicians all over the world. It is a remarkable remedy for consnmption, scrofula, and wasting diseases, and very palatable. Bead the following :—" t have much pleasure in stating that I have tried ' Boon's EMULSION ' in a case of impoverished blood, with BcrofnlonB disease, and found it to be a very efficient preparation. It was taken witbont the least difficulty. A. TEMPLE PEBKINS, 22 Lordship Park, Stoke Newington, N. England. All chemists sell large and small sizes. 