FRAGMENTS OF FUN. M.AUD, guehingly : 'Oh, Clara,my dear, do look at my ongagementrnnog Won't all the sirle be dying of envy? Actually three eolitalirer 1' OLD bachelor patient: 'Dootor, I feel miserable li mind and body What shall I do !' Doctor (gruffly): ' Take a wife. ' My errand hae to- night,' said ?';?oan lawyer to a.damselloo whom he-.bad called 'reminds me ot the cry of an owL. ' Iodeed, said the maiden, ' what Is your errand here to- uigbt?' - ' Cortsbip., To wit, to woo: -.' Lrrrru Charlie was visinleg hie three old maid aunties, and one night they had damson preservea for supper. AS Oharlie smagked his lips and pannased up his plate for more, he remarked: I'm very fond of preserved damsels.' Ton San Francisco Argonaunt adapts the Bard of Avon to the ocoslon, and says : All tshe world is a jungle, and all the men are tigers, If this be true there are lots of tiger masqueradong in asses' skins. Dotoan: Did you say to your husband, Mrs. lendrolcke, that-if agreeable'to him I would send bill for service rendered durling his recent severe illnes.? Mrs. Hendrioks: Yes, doctor; and he thought that you had better wait until he gets a little stronger. ' PLheSE, sir, have you seen a gentleman without a little girl F' Well, and what if have, little one . ' My Uncle John has lost me, and l thought it you'd seen a gentlemsn without a little girl you could tell me where ce rwas. WHYt is a tallow.chandler necessarily both vicious and unfortunate Because all his works are wick-ed, and all his wick-ed works are brought to light. MAMro -' Maimma, oan't I go over to Kitty's house and play awhile 7 Mamma (hesiatatingly) : ' I don't know, dear. I yes ; yo. can go for just a little while. .VMamle (demurely) ' Thank yon, mamma, I've been. THf GBOAT Man WaHOS Na?E THB WOBLo HoNouns.--The tollowing, aocoroing to the London " Standard," is a boy's composltion about 'O umbus' -' Olumbus was a man who cold make an erg S and oh ed without brenaking) it. The King ofl Spain smid to Oolnmecrs ' Can you dleoover..Amerlodf' 'Ye,' sald Clumboe, 'if you will give me a ship.' So he got a ship and sailed aver the sea In the direton where he thought America ought to hbe found. The sailon quarselled, and slaid they behleled there was no each place. But alter many days the pilot came to him and said: 'Olnm hoe, I see land.' 'Theo that is Americ,' said Olumbus. When the ship got near, the land wea full of blank men OClmhuossid: 'Is chit AmericaT 'Yea~ it is,' said they. Thee the obief raid 'I enpmpos you are Olamhus' 'Yo, are right.' saed he. T?o?s the chiel turned to his men and said: 'There is no help for it; we are discovered at last.' JoNnu?ra QUgsrtoo -' Ms,' said little Joanny Snooper, ' why do they alye put in a oythe when they make a picture of Time a ' To represent the shortneesof lhfe, Johnny. Time outs people down, you hoe.w.' 'Bot when time shall be na mower he'l drop his sythe, won't hae 'It's time for you to go to bed, Johnny.' a?zasas-I am afraid that il is not for me dat you come so often, but for my money. Ardent Wooer-You are cruel to say so. How could I get your money without getting you. A ' IscE?rasn.'-(Soeoe: A Suffolk village eshooL Government inspecae examining s class on the sueject of the Witch of FMaer and Samuel's ghost). Govesrnment rolpector: 'Weel, boys, what did she Witch of Boddo think shea ew?' (Pause.) First Boyt 'Place, sIr, that - wour . an appuriesn.' Goveenment Inspecber:' Qulte riht ; but whet is an apparition' (ILoeger oause.) Second Boy : ' Plare, anr, that be a spaemer ' Government Inspectors ' Yes, yes, quits ',ght ngain, so tar; but what's a pectre? (Prolonged pause) Bright Bhey, in a wild ialelto :' Plazo;e nor'thhat'he a gentleman, a go about ?xamlnin monles I ' ' - Tna Waox? WAY.-'I say. Bill,' said one London street urchin to ausother on seeing a dded? pars y, 'that fei?terlooks as if is 'ead had been fitted to 'is 'at, not 'is 'at to 'tr sad 'ao ORToonRacs OP Io .-Mamma (mwritingo letter in th. raljentlr libay)t" How is 'swept"spelle , Ethelt' l thel (recently, 'bet?othed): ' .wee.e..e-(etopis, eanley I) pt.t mamma.' OGonnza ncmes down to breakfat with a owollen vicage, whereopon mamma says to hba four-yeae?rold ' QGaorgie, don't you fet well? Tell mamma what the matter is.' George, utoll of ineluenue, repls: ,' No, I doe't feel-well 3afe'of my'eye islleakn', and one of my noreo don't go.' FATHERn: ' YonOg Sampson. has been'de toted to you flr two - or three year hao't he, Doughter:' Yes, papa.' Father: tIn't he very sluw about proposing? )uebgter : 'Yes. Gorge is a little slow; but :ooafdentlrl I thins he is sure' t 'eaher L 'The object of this lesson ib to Inoleat obedi'nce. ' Do-you know- wba" '' obey" means ? Apt Pupil s 'Yes ma'am, I obey my fether.' Teunher: 'Yes ; tbhat' right. Nowr. tell me why you obey youc father ? Apt Pupl : 'Canee be'a biggern me, -' Tit him.' . Shat sermon wsee the nest effort I ever heard,' said a man on his way: home Irom chueon. 'I wouldn't have missed is for 0dol. I' 'i'm glad you bj:,yed it, John,' e.ld his wife. ' e, I enjoyed it buht there was one thing that annoyed me' 'What weei that, John ?' ' I had no change in my p ekes l'sp than all a dollar for the contribution LtrrTE Nrt (to isitor): 'Oh, I have such good new'. Mamma and papa and I are all going to another city to live.' Victor : Iddeed ? You amaze me. What city isit0' Litlle Nell n ' It has snoubh a funlny name. It . called Harry, and It'r as nw'ul old city.' VisItor : 'Oh, yon must have hLeard the name wroeg.' Little Nell: 'Oh, no, I odidn't. Io was at the breskfa't'tale ; papa told mamma to go to Old Harry and mamma told papa to go tobre himsef, and then I ekeqd them to take me, and they didn't say nythblng but know they will.' NoT hont HMacT.-' £ kow that yon love me,' ahe said s.usimenstally, as he held her s his vest. I know that you love me,' s.he repeated; ' beaut, when I lay my head agllstyour brcut your heart beats eo loud I can hear it. 'That,' guaped the poor fellow, athe ewful truth dawned upon him, 'the, Is ot my heart ':'hat's my Wat"rhury we'uh,' YOUNoo wife (at dinner table, sobbing): 'I hink you-you-are just as mean as-ae-con ono, be. I have made tht--thbat apple ,sntpling ae a pleacant surprise 'or yon, and ,ow-ypon-wwnt me t.' bring the are to gut i, np-,n with.' Young hueband: 'God cra. oons, Marla I Is that a dumpling? A thou' saud pardonse I I took It for a ocoanut.' 