THE LIBYAN. AN IDYL OP THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH. BOOK I. Chapiee IX,—The Democbaoy op Faith. d Continued.) It was- perfectly natural, therefore, that while both Arias and Theckla were almost children in many respects, they.Bhould both be far advanced in religions learning, eaoh of them in harmony with one of the separate systems under which they had been reared; and ,that-fchey should be, in many attitudes of thought and feeling, a pleasing enigma to each other. The girl, although brimful of bright and pleasing fancies, had all her fife been accustomed to accept as truth whatever was taught her as suah, and the very basis of her training had been implicit and unquestioning obedience to authority without "reason, bo that she had never, perhaps, attempted to exercise an inde pendent .thought, judgment, or enquiry about any question of religions, political, or social life, her existence having been passed in Btrict and unconscious conformity to rigid Egyptian customs, into the molds and forms.of which she had been fashioned from her infancy. The illness of her mother, which left her to the freedom of thought, expression, and aotion, characteristic of every Christian household, was a new and intoxicating experience to the girl; and whatever else it might be possible for her to become, it was manifestly impossible that she could ever again resiliate into the moral and social mummyism of ordinary Eeyptian female life. The bondage of Egypt was broken. But the boy, fixed and immovable in his faith in the few salient and all- important doctrines covered by the Apostles' Creed, a3 that creed was taught during =the first tbras centuries, as to everything else, had been freed by his training from the shackles of authority, and so unconsciously enjoyed and exercised "the liberty of the gospel" in which he had been reared by questioning, investigating, trying every phenomenon—social, religious, srd political—that came within the range of his observation and experience. Am-nem-hat imagined that in these two youthful but well instructed young people he behold the living incarnation of the opposing civilisations under which they had been reared; and it was a pathetic and beautiful thing to see with what eager intentnes3 he noted almost every inflection of their voices, every expression of their countenances, almost every peculiar turn and change of their thoughts, - while he encouraged them to talk, hardly caring what might be the subjeot of their" cod versation. ; At the beginning of their little feast the • . ancient said:—"Arius, if ye Christians have any custom of thank-offering, prayer, or libations before ye partake of food I would desire to have thee perform or repsat it now." Then-answered Arius—"We make no liba tion or offering, nor are we restricted to an® set formula for returning thanks to Gtd, but generally we repeat the Pater emou" " Wilt thou do bo now ?" Then the boy said, "Yea, gladly;" and while they watched him narrowly ha solemnly said, "Our Father which art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name; Thy kingdom come* Thy will be done on earth as in heaven. Give ub daily our daily bread; and forgive us our debtR as we forgive debtors; and let us not be led into trial, but delivgFus from trouble; for Thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the truth for ever:" ' Then said Am nem-hat, "Theckla, what form of worship hast thou been taught to ob serve before partaking of thy daily food?" And the girl Baid, "OnSolemn occasions, our fathers make libations; but it is not according to Egyptian customs, or religion, for a: female to meddle with any sacred rite, be yond her own private devotions, as thon, 0 priest, must assuredly know." " Dost thou; know the reason, Theckla, that " woman is thus excluded,.not only from partici pation in the Baored rites, but from every place that is inconsistent with the idea that she must of necessity be either a slave or a domeatio pat, ' having right to existence only as* the appanage of a man upon whom she is dependentaa slavey wife, or daughter?" . / ••Nay," Bhe answered; " but I have been so taught,. and* therefore, it-must tie right and proper.". ... "I wilLteli.thee, Theekla, for it is verily a The. thing~which every female ought to know, reason of' it ia that' the original idea of God wbb that of'a dual being, equally divine and glorious: in both aspects of hia donble nature. : Butnearly all nations,-as they sank deeper and. deeper into idolatory, degraded the femi \- nine> conception of this dhalism, and some of them utterly lost it. • In Egypt they have held Hes . to. be i consort of Hesiri, and although inferior: to him-yet entitled to great-honor. Hence the Egyptian women-have never been \- shut up, kept in seolusion and ignorance, and esteemed only as slaves - or as chattels, as ia universally the case among nations that have entirely fallen away from the: divine troth. But I tell thee, Theekla, that the religion of the Christians alone maintains the absolute equality ofthe Godhead, by maintaining the • Holy Ghost, the Mother of Nature, to be con . substantial with the Esther, -and hence it alone elevates woman to her true position, and endows her - with responsibility, respect and honor, rights and duties; so that, although all men on earth Bhonld reject, and enrse the Christ, every woman, who is true to herself and to her sex, Bhould cleave nn to Him in spite of pain and even death itself.Do thon remember theee things, Theekla; and when thon shalt see with what respect, hbzior, and Jove the Christian husband treateth his wif-i and daughters, remember.thon that the vast difference between them and other men in that regard ariseth not out of any difference in'the nature or disposition of the individuals, but ont'of the difference in their religion only; for that faith regardeth women as persons,: not as things. Forget not these truths, .Theekla; for, whether it be true or false, Christianity alone bath ever done justice to womanhood, wifehood, maternity; and the woman who does not love and followJeuus betrayeth herself and. her sex." ... .. " r . " Surely thon, also, art a Christian 1" said the young girl. "Nay,"answered Am-nem-hat; "I Bay.not that to thee! For I cannot.understand what it is to be a Christian, Bat, having carefully Btudied this religion aB I have done all others known among mankind, X do solemnly assure thee that it is the only one on earth that is fair and just to chaste and intelli gent women, For it teacheth' that the -eqnal, consubatantial Tloly Spirit conceived a Savionr that was virgin born; and it so serveth to redeem all womanhood from centuries of contempt and degradation; for no man who hath an intelligent faith'in Christianity can ever regard woman as the mere instrument of his pleasure, or as the mere slave of his will, bat as a friend, helpmate, and oompanion, worthy of love, honor, and respect; so that; whether it be true or false, every, woman should cleave thereto, because itis for her, at least, temporal Balvation. For Christianity-differeth as radically . from all other religions in regard to the esteem in which it holdeth women as it does in' regard to Blavery and to the poor. And while the rich and the. great may hate tnis system be- ; cause it would deprive them of1 the social and ; I political precedence which' every other religion ' zoaintaineth for them; the slaves; the poor, and the women.Bhould never, forget that Jesus Christ iB the trueBt friend they ever, had on earth,' Then said Arius,-Father',. Am-nem-hat, . why art not thou a Christian, Having : vie ws of our religion tbat'areBd wise.ahd"just?" . V - And the old'man answered; " That thing, my bod, I cannot-tell'thee, nori-canX compre hend it for myself. I cannot understand what 1b the precise attitude of mine own spirit toward Christianity, Canst though instruct me?" - , "Nay, verily," said Arias. "In my heart I yearn for the power to-say something that might open.thine eyeB unto tim light; bat my small knowledge, and experience serve not to * enable me to understand howit^is pOBsible that "one bo aged and wise, so well instrucfced in our \- Lord's own teachingB, can fail to be a' ChriBtian, But my father waB an- idolater in i hia youth, : snd he islearned1 in our*religionr If thou wilt go home with us; thou'shalt tie received-with honor hnd affection; and h'e,-pefhap3; can'give thee aid. 'Wilt thon not go?" ; ' - "I thsnkithee- muoh,- said;''Am;nein hat, "But the way is long and the mountain steep for one so eld as I. And besides, it seemeth to toe-that, if human-knowledge and;-patient; I thought couldoxtort -any final truth oht of the 1 mute lips of Nature; even L could have-made her speak !" - ' "But;" said 'the boy;:"tfie;tree of knowledge is not that of-life. Eventhe most ignorant and depraved find peace in* believing, and' Lhave jnetjwlthinoneisojrise as thon. If thon wilt come to ns I will bring-hither on to-morrow a she-ass, gentle and sure of foot,; which - my mother is accustomed to ride; and will "walk beBide thee to our home if only. thon. wilt come." : • "Yea," cried Theekla, "thon must surely come, for I will tell my mother that I have met the high-priest of Oinbos, and she will long much to see thee;" ; Then Am-nein bat, asif-overpoikered by their persuasions, replied—" Yon- are-both so kind to an old - and lonely man .that-L cannot resist your entreaties, and will even do as ye desire, for .ye know not what pleasure - the old may derive from the polite' and hearty attentions of theyoung." i the Then the two young, people bade the old man \- a-kind farewell; and < with -the'light heart- of 'youth and health^ took their way homeward down -the mountain. And when they: had i cdme'to the edge of the'pasture-land they met with some of the cattle, and amongthem was the young bull-calf whose peculiar markings had 'so excited the wonder and superstition.of Theekla; and Arius cried: out, laughingly, "Lo, Theekla I there is thy god,, and thou' Bhalt ride home upon the back 'of the beast.": Atid he cut a long withe and fastened it-upon the horns-of tbe boll, and led up the gentle beast; and seizing the • young girl inhis arms be lifted her astride ofthe fat,;round calf, and ' led him along. And when Aritis mocked and ridiculed the young. Apis .the girl-joined in his merriment, and he was glad to see that she was faBt losing all superstitious reverence for the brute and for all the other pagan deities; for her growing contempt for Apis necessarily , struck at her reverence for the whole system,, of which a bull with a black hide, a triangular: white spot on'his forehead, a spread-eagle in' in the hair of Mb-back, a crescent white Bpot upon his side,-and a knok like a scarabaeus under his tongue was so important a part. When they had reached that part of the' pasture which was nearest to the house Theekla sprang from the animal's back, and, with some lingering- doubt of his divinity still troubling her; mind; she said—-"Arins, I really wonder whether the ApiB had a knob under his tongue in the shape of a scarabseus ? Wilt thon not! look into-his month?" "Iknow not that,?'said the boy; "but if he hath not a rather odd-lookingspot under his tongne he is the only bull calf I ever saw that: bath-it not; and I suppose it would be easy to irritate and inflame this spot until it would look like a natural knob about as large as a good lively, beetle." "I had never thought it might be possible for the priests to so deceive any one," said Theekla, "Perhaps they did not do so,"answered the. boy; "but they.maybave been deceived by: tbe cunning of those who had such beasts and desired to sell them." Theekla Bighed, but her reverence for Apis and for all of his mysteries was utterly gone forever, {To it continued, ) 