? ULadllea' ©©tasss' -' ? ?:???-:. ??? [by bttttebfly;] '? -??'?' DIARY KEEPING NOT ALWAYS v ... Advisable i - Melbourne. Jon. 17. Deab Butterfly, — Many a sentimental damsel indulges in the habit' of keeping a diary, to which she confides the thoughts, however: crude, that arise in her mind, thus giving actual presenco, as it were, to passing phantoms. How. foolish: to make a ghost become a real personage ! The dis embodied spirit is harmless enough ana dimply paBses by, but if it gave substance through ? transmigration it may seize one with tenacious grasp when, its ^existence - has been forgotten and its appearance may be particularly terrible.' IVwy minds are ? bo: thoroughly imbued .with wisdom at all times as never to. entertain some idea that would be far better allowed to flyaway' without leaving any trace of- its';presence ? t than caged up until it distresses one, with its soul-piercing notes,' when' one would fain - cease to remember it had ever -teen harboured.. , Diary.' keeping is: an ?? intensely irrational act, unless one treat ' ? the '- alluring . volume as ; one should oneV acquaintances, by imparting to it 'no- feeling' one would .object to- being pro claimed to. the world, and simply narrating, to' it events that might be published for aught -one .would care, or sparkling .bits of wit and humour ',' likely to cast a gleam across; one's future life. But to make a confessor of it would be.v.ery.unwise-Bincer, no Hiarvrep-ards. itself bound. to maintain' confidences unrevealed ; -nay, every = one is ? the antithesis of St. John NepomucenV'and ? will' betray -whatever it' learns .to theflrst man,' woman; 'or child, iwhounderstarids' its- language.. And there are, unfortunately ,' not a few quidnuncs who would gladly catechise it for -the. purpose of eliciting some.intelligrence'that would give piquancy t» their ingredien ts. for a dish of goss'ip to be served' up to their oongenial acquaintances! The. carious -are not restrained' by' any scrupulosity from prying-into the hidden: affairs 'of bthers, and would therefore hail with delight' 'a diary from' which! they might glean 'much entertaining informa tion j and the annoyances and sorrows, rather tlian the pleasures. and' joys filling the hearts of others, supply the inquisitive with a fund of amusement. Many revel in the trouble- as they ;writhe'inf'the: hap-' pinessof their fellow creatures. . -So itrnay1 easily be perceived that a' diary should* not be the recipient ? of unreserved confi dences, since' it is but top ,, willing to anT , swer the questions of those who thirst for. social- news, no matter how despicable the mannerin which it. may be gained. ??????'' Remembering that the human mind is so prone to change in many instances,, that it varies with chameleon-like rapidity, it must '/be acknowledged that , a diary to i which one entrusted every. thought,: word, and action after self rexamination, would bo invaluable to a student of charac-1 tor. ' ? An analyser of motives, seeking ' to'trae'e events,; to causes would find a wide field' for his labours in the strange record of inconsistencies unless its writer were exceptionally stable and fortunate in his or: her. experiences of life. Circum stances alter, ideas ; association with people of 'certain views causes the growth; of a state of thinking quite exotic to what would be otherwise cultivated. And the' knowledge time ' brings to mortals'effects mutation in their opinions. Tho, beings wlios'j' friendship has been most prized bacome objects.- -f.f indifference,. i°-not..-(f positive dislike; tne places of. abode: which were formerly deemed .Blysian dwellings are now considered haunted houses; the music :that -once, so charmed with its' harmony that it might -easily ,be,fancied the :exquisite melody was inspired ' by an angel sometimes,' in a brief' space causes such acute. pain through the reminiscences it awakens-' that ^it-would ^not—require a very vivid imagination to ascribe its notes to the agency ,of. souae., evil 'spirit. ,As one proceeds along life's path, ,. fresh- sorrows are' met, .for -too often, stands, afar off the -Angel of Peace, forgetting for. long to spread his , wings lover pajn-palpi-^; tating hearts. , .Meanwhile, thpughts; dis-, similar, to:;those. formerly, cherished are. springing- up in 'one's 'i mental,,; garden,, flowers and. weeds .together., ; Better; far, allow the latter to .wither, or, iif they are plucked, to place , them., in memory's cabinet, nor let the key, pass out of one's charge. Women ? make paper ;confidants '; oftenerthah men, since their lives are more monotonous than those of the sterner sex, who find less time for entertainingvisionary: fancies through experiencing more active ' service in the battle of life. . Itistobe feared that women, young ones especially, . are apt to travel in thought through irn inaginary countries, conversing, with- un- real persons, whom 'they mentally associate .with living individuals .until, their ideas be.come as, false and . entangled ir-fu, the most unsatisfactory, of ..novels,, .-the.: historical. Consequently their minds are; bo' overburdened that a safety-valve ,,be7, comes a necessity,, and thus they resprt to diary keeping, catching floating, feathery , atoms, and with talismanic pens rendering: them huge blocks,. heavy as marble, which in course of time may fall upon the writers, ; crushing happiness put of their lives.' Even if a diary be written in, short-hand, like the ? quaintly, interesting one^f, Sainuel Pepys- a Iiord Braybrpoke, may decipher it and mate it public property;,, even] if it be com-, ' posed for dear ones alpne^Uke .the sweetly pathetic journaliof Eugenie deGuerin, -ire-: latives^may publish it, and, careless eyes peruse s 'words, ,. affeptipn-dictsited,- ;world-- weary, heaven-aidressed.; ,,: So ; doubtless- most .will agree in, thinliing.diary keeping,, .' better adapted to the heroines of fiction, in, ' whacVpe'n-confessions,,play so important a. yart' bfttimes, than , to ..living ?people.tn-; Believe .me, truly .yours, ,. ?, ; Amicizia.V'j 