TALE. ~ An Unnoticed Incident, e: PabtT. / ? Abitier wind was driving the sloct norccly j round all the cornel's as Mrs. Railton, turning out of Hammersmith road, neared her own door. She was carrWng a heavy parcel by the string; her feot were wet, her eyes acbing with the cold and the sleet, which had found tho weak place between her bonnet and cloak, and would probably give her a very bad sore throat ; ] but Mrs. Railton was not thinking of these things. She was tlinking of summer, otic / summer fifteen years ago. How bright it had been, and how hot, evoitf, whero but in the , wood, and even there the breezes had been 'I faint and warm ! What glorious colors had jj lain among the shadows where the foxgloves I and thunderfiowers grew in crowds ! Ah, that / j was a pleasant place, and she had stood thero leaning against a willow by the river, looking , | up eagerly into tho handsome, eager young \ ; face bont down to her. \ Sho almost hoard her owu roico saying, \ 'I am not fit to be your wifa, Donald. I am \ so stupid and bo ignorant.' \ And in answor ho had told hor that clever \ . men always hated clevcr women, and that S \ her Bweot childiBhnei?, hor naVveto and aim \ , -A plioity were doaror to him than all tho wisdom S in tho world. Ah ! thoso woro pleasant j times, and that was tho happiest day of all I her lifo, clouded, perhaps, by a passing fear | j as sho listened to this now lover tfiat ' Cousin ii j Dennis ' might bo disappointed, but tho cloud only stayed for a momeat, for aho did not know then how to bo unhappy — nothing had ever k happened in her lifo to teaoh hor. Now all these memories woro very pleasant but they were very unwise. It would havo ^ been mnoh wiser of Mrs. Railton to think of \ *{ , tho washing bills and the wator rato, or to plan how she might best disguise the long j V i tear in Kate's ulster and make it down to fit ; Jane; but then, as her lover had joyously i : ! .pointed out long ago, Mrs. Raiiton was not \V. , : wiso, but rather tho reverse, and, unfortu , : _ natoly, the qualities whioh had been so charm V ing to tho lover then, only served to irritate j the husband now. *71. | Indeed, it is an unfortnnate faot that tho '?! I ' men who are tho readiest to dispense with v| cleverness in a proUy girl of povoi'.tcen, are the most intolerant of the want of it in a wife ' of thirty, telling tho poor wife — if they ' happen to meot with a clever girl who will j notioo thom at all— what a relief it is to talk f to a woman with a mind ! / This is puzzling, and bewilders tho poor ! j wives os to what is really expeoted of thom, ' for it is not overy one who oan regulate her self to the perfect medium ; that is, bo otevor I enough to appreciate hor husband, but not . I clever enough to oritioiso him. r Mrs. Railton rang the bell, ani watyed /'j while the ono harassed looking servant oamo j. from the dim region1) below. She heard the / noiss of tho family in tho sitting-room at I tea. They wero in tho habit of opening the I door to each other, but it did not occur to I them to disturb themselves for their mother. I Father never did, and why should thoy ? f. When Mrs. Railton enterod fee room Kato Ir Baid, 'Aro you wet?' and Jaok said, 'Are I you hungry ? ' and then thoy wont back to their previous subject of noisy discussion. There are few things that givo ono a moro unpleasant shook than to como homo and find ono'fl place filled, ono's wante forgotten. It ; gives ono a foretaste of death, faint, perhaps, hut unpleasant. Mrs. Ratlton looked round ; the table ; no ono njade way for hor. Hor \- Husband looked up and said orosaly : j 1 1 wish you would try not to be lalo, Lisa, | it sets such a bad oxamplo to the children.' 1 Kate rose from tho head of tho table, say toR: | ' You will havo to send for moro toa ; this : is finished.' I But neither of thom seemed to expect an .answer, bo Mrs. Railton gave nono. Sho I tan g tho beB, and, whilo tho harassed servant I was bringing up somo tepid toa and a aemi V . raw ohop, pulled off her damp gloves, and j . found that her finger, which had boon passed ?i' tinder tho string of tho parool of books, was ' bruised and out. Sho had not noticed this r. ?whilo her hands were so cold, but it began to ;? : ache and smart as she held her fingers to the s . v fV; fire. w Mr. BUiltou went to his armohntir ana lit I -£ his pipo ; tho ohHdren went to tho other ond 1 V; tho room and discussed theiv lessons in r'^, nndortonos. Mrs. RtUton attacked her \ comfortless toa. Sho was cold, and tirod and j;'*?. misosablo, and longed,' foolishly, for a little ? sympathy ; ao sho asked for aomo. ' I havo hurt my finger,' Baid sho. , ' How did you do it F ' said Jane, looking I ; tip from her books; but then Jano was al I ' ways glad of an oxcuso to look up from hor books, so hor sympathy did not count for much. ' ? ' I was carrying thoso books for your vj father, and I never noticed that tho string \- wasoutting my finger, booauso my hand was i ' so cold. Those law books aro so heavy.' i ' You should have ohanged to another 1 finger,' said ICato practically. Sho was a 1 handsome, clovor girl, very liko hor father, j and was certainly far too wiso over to hurt i herself by doing things for other people. ' \ 'Did you say you hurt yoursoH P 'Whoro I are tho 'books, by tho way?' aakod Mr. : .1 Bail ton. . 'Thoro! Oh, thank you.' Thon , as ho looked at thom ho added, frotf ully : ' They nro all wrong ; just as I might havo expeotod.' ' ' Aro thoy ically wrong, Efcnald? Ob, what | ft pity! I was afraid of making 'mistako.i ; tliat I gave the list you wroto out to tlio ? 1 / librarian, and those aro what ho gavo mo. j I Um uo Bofry thoy aro wrong. s * I might hfivo oxpoctod it,* muttorod Mr. Railton crossly. 1 1 wiahod I had gono my eclf, hero's a whole ovcuing wasfeod. I oamo homo eorfy on purpose to read. I might just &ti; well boon nfc tho offico.* ' I am 60 sarry,' ropeated poor littlo Lisa. *So am I,' he said sharply, and loaned moodily against tho mautle-pioco. ?Are you ciuito sure thoy aro all wrong, Donald P ' 'It is maddening to hnvo a wholo oveniug wasted when I haro ao few freo ,' said Mr. BiUton toatily, ignoring her queation. 'Sinoe I can't road, t may as well go ont. Kato, if yon can inanago to dress iu twenty minutes I will tako you to the theatre. * Kate gladly throw asido hor books and ran upstairs. Jano bogan to Btrugglo with Goorgo fiar tho French dictionary. MrB. Railton was not very much disturbed. Sho was accustomed to bo flighted, but sho mado a weak protest. ' You should not take hor from her lesaony, Djnald.' * Sho oan look after her lessons herself. Sho is nover behindhand in her work.' 'You promiaod to tako mo ono evening, and I think ? ' * Oh, that's what you mo&n;, U it, by your anxioty about her lessons P Paol, go up stairs and toll your sister to eomo baok to her books. Your mother wishes to go instead of hor.' Paul, a chubby, stolid bjy of eight or nine — oonaidorod tho clever ono of tho family be cause he mado tho least noide — only opened hia raouth and waited. Ho felt satire in his father a tono and know ho should not J have to go on that errand. Poor Lisa felt moro mueracle than over. She know sho was being wronged, but sho did not know how to state her caeo. ^ 'I am muoh too tired to go out,' ehe'» said. 'Theo ou needn't spoil my pleasuro by maMng k you want to,' snapped hor husband. Lisa know he was not at all likely to disturb hia enjoyment by any thoughts of hor ; but sho was jnstas well, perhaps. Kate callcd at that instant to know if she might borrow her mother's corals, and Lisa went upstairs to get them for her and sco that she was woll wrapped up. Presently a cab was whistled for, and tho father and daughter drove off. The Kail tons were in tolerably easy circum stances. Tho children wont to good sohools, andMp. Railton could havo afforded a bettor house and moro sorvanta, if lie had not pre ferred to savo iu that respect, and spend tfro monoy in ways pleasanter to himself. If any one had suggested that ho ought to mako life pleasanter to his wife, ho would havo re garded such an idea as sentimental nonsense, declaring that ho was an exceedingly good husband, and that Lis* had everything1 sho wanted ; and as for housework, that was a woman's duty. 1 'Want pleasmre, indeed ! A married woman ought not to want pleasure, sho ought to stand astdo at her age, and let hor girls havo the pleasure.' A precept, by tho way, ho did not dream of appWini? to himself. Donald Railton was a lawyer— getting on fast, and moaning to get on muoh faster ; but, unfortunately, iu his progress ho had loft tho eager lover, who assured sweet little Lisa Grey thai her eimplioity was tho very quality for which ho had ohoson her, so far iu tho past, that now ho had not even patienco loft for his jaded, spiritless wife, and much proferrod tho company of his sharp, animated daughter, who could understand him, and who novar looked into his eyea with tho reproachful wistfulnoas that eoinetimes mado his wifo's faco so irritating., Mrs. Railton had been sitting by tho firo about half an hour, ongaged in making a now petticoat for Kate, when the door-boll rang, and tho harassed maid appeared an nouncing : ' A gentleman, ma'am. Shall I show him in the drawing-room, or in here ?' 1 Why, in here, of course,' .said a cheery voice; and next a tall, bearded, bronzed stranger stood in the doorway. 4 Cousin Dennis I' 'Cousin Lisa!' 'Oh, Dennis, how tall you have grown!' ' My faith, Lisa ; how thin you are !' And these greetings over, Cousin Dennis West came forward into the room and spoke to the children, seated himself by the fire and plunged into conversation. 'Te)l me about everything,' he began. ' How is Railton ? Getting on like a house on fire, I suppose ; and in a fair way to bccomo Attorney-General, or something equally dis tinguished. And how are you, Lisa? You are as pretty as ever. May a cousin eay that, now you arc a dignified matron ? I rocnember fifteen year ago, you refused to sing duets with me for a week, because I said something like that.' Mrs. Railton was not so pretty as she was fifteen years ago ; but if Cousin Dennis thought so, it was pleasant he should say so in that frank, brotherly tone, She asked what he had been doing all these years. ' Makimg money, dear ; such a lot of money ? quite a fortune ; and I have come to London to invfcst'it. I am going to ask your husbaud*S' advice — he knows everything ; he always did know everything. I say, Lisa, do youremem bor Larne Woods fifteen years ago ?' Did she not ? Had she not be on thinking of it only that evening ; though this dear, kind Cousin Dennis had held but a small place in her thoughts. 'What a 9&b; I was then !' went on C-ousin Dennis. 1 And how Railton sat on me, and you, too ! You despised me because I was throe months younger than you and very pro perly, too. What an exhibition I made of myself, and how you must have laughed at me !' ' I was so young,' said Lisa, for she cbuld not denj having joined in RaiUon's laughter, though in her heart she was sorry for the poor petulant boy who had taken her engagement to the handsome young lawyer so bitterly to heart. 9 Yes,' laughed Dennis, 1 1 was three months your junior ; that was the offence. Youeallcd it a year — you remember — because your seven teenth birthday had passed a week before, and X was still only sixteen. But it is only three months, you know. Well, Lisa, you will be glad tojiear that I very soon got over my disappointment ; indoed I have had a good many more since. I say, Lisa, now I look at you again, you don't look half so well as I thought you did. Have you been ill'?' It was true. Now the flush of pleasure and gucprisc had faded from her face, she looked as shs generally did, ill and worn. Sho murmured something about being overtired this after noon. ' You arc, indeed, I can see,' he said, ' and you arc sitting in an uncomfortable chair all this while.' He jumped up and looked round the room. ' Here, youngster move out of that,' and disturbing tho stolid Paul from a low folding-chair lie brought it round to the fire, installed Lisa, in it, brought her a footstool and a screen, and then reseating hiniselt went on pouring out reminiscences, while Paul stood by with his mouth wider open than ever. Their talk was all about the time long ago wken Lisa was a merry light-hearted girl, the happiest in a happy home, with father, mother, brothers and cousin all ready to pet her ; when life seemed one long holiday, and time wa s reckoned by skating expeditions and hay' making and nut-gathering. ' And the piano, Lisa — the dear old piano. Do you romembcr our ducts on it ? Can you still play tho barrel-organ with three notes misaing ? Do you remember ' Garryowcu' ?— our own arrangement, when I played the air down in the bass, and we made it sound so gloriously inebriated P Could you play it now?' * Let's go upstairs and try. Is there a fire, children ?' ' Jane said, 'No, there isn't.' 'Never mind, we can light it,' said Dennis. ' Do you remember when we got up at 4 o'clock to gather mushrooms, and never went further than the kitchen fire ? We lighted it, you know, to cook some breakfast, and then sat, making toast and drinking coffee, until wc fell asleep, and didn't wake up until cook came down-stairs to make the regular breakfast.' They had gone upstairs while he was speak ing, and Lisa lit the gas, and r/as about to put a match to the fire which, after the manner of secoud-rate households, was ready laid. Cousin Dennis said : 'uMlowmc,' and took tho matches from her, noticing tho hurt finger ashc did so. 1 Why what is tills, Lisa ?' ' Nothing, nothing at all.'. . ' ' Yos, it is. How have you hurt it ?' ' It is nothing ; only carrying heavy books.' ? Why, Lisa, since when have you taken to reading 'heavy books'? And weio you so anxious to improve your mind that you damaged your fingers ?' It impressed the children vaguely that their mother did not say the books were not for her self; they would have said so in a moment and got all the sympathy they could. Their mother got sympathy enough, however, even on the misunderstanding that olie had hurt herself in her own service. Cousin Dennis dispatched Paul for vaseline, and Jane for an old handkerchief, and made just as much fuss ovsr mother's little ailment as mother would have made over one of them. This astonished tho children completely ; and all the evening, while Lisa talked and laughed like a girl over old, by-gone jokes and by-gono scrapes and adventures, they crowded round her to listeu, with a respect for her unknown before. Mr. Railton, when told of Dennis West's arrival, remembered him faintly as a forward boy, whom he had very properly put down, but did not take enough interest in him to be pleased or displesed at his reappearance until he heard' about tho money. Then he was pleased, naturally ; the mere novelty of the thing was delightful. In these hard times we are so much likelier to meet with people who want to raise money than people who want to invest it- So he made Dennis welcome to his house, and gave him a great deal of very usoful advice. Dennis had a good deal of money, as he had said, but it was scattered at raudom over the globe. Wherever in his restless life he had happened to acquire money, he had invested it on the spot it concerns good, bad, or indiflerent. The good investments Mr. Railton advised him to leave alone. The bad were to be called in at once — even at a loss— but the indifferent were to be dealt with cautiously. The most extensive among the latter were in Mergui, and it was settled be tween the two men that West should go out again presently, fortified by a great deal of advice from Railton, to dispose of them satisfactorily. Meanwhile, Dennis West went often to the little house in Upton street, and tiie oftcner he went the less he liked it. Not only because on a nearer acquaintance he found Donald Railton to be narrow-minded, selfish, and contradictious, but because he saw Lisa incessantly worried and slighted, and had to see $ in silence. Oh, I had onco a true lovo, Now I have a very ill-tempered husband, And I had three braw brithers, but I hao tint them a'. My father and my mither sleep in the mold t his day. I eit mo lane — iu tho midst of a house full of unattractivo and intraotiblo ohildern, Dennis hummed this very free adaptation of ono of Lisa's eongs ono afternoon iu March as ho walked toward Upton-etroet. Poor Lisa ! Once tho spoiled darling of a happy home, now tho tired drudgo of an inconsid orato household. Ho could not see how aho could possibly have any pleasuro in living. Dennis West waB a naturally light-hearted man who had nover realised that tho greater part of mankind has no pleasuro in living. Ho thought of his poor little cousiu'a troubles as something exceptionally sad and terrible ; to-day, as ho neared Lisa's door, ho -vae thinking that, if ho did not make haste and got away to Mergui, ho must havo a big row with Railton, and toll him what ho thought of him. Ho rang tho boll and waited'patiently, for it often took tho harassed servant some timo to disengago herself from thomystories below and put on a clean apron. But presently it dawned ou him that, as ho was not expected, the family might bo out. Thon it occurred to him that on suoh a fiuo af tornoon everybody might bo in tho garden. So ho walked round to tho ond of tho road and up tho lano at tho biok, counting tho shabby -brown doors until ho found tho right number. Tho door stood opon, Bhowing tho narrow strip of damp garden. Dennis looked oagsrly forward to seo if any one was in it, but boforo ho oould seo ho could hoar. Only tho old atory, como thing had gono wrong, and Lisa was boing scolded and encored at beforo tho children. ' You Bhould havo had tho childron ready iu time, and been ready yourself. I won't wait. Wo havo missed one train alroady. Wo ought to bo there now.' ' lb id vory unkind of you to loavo mo bo hind.' 'It is your own fault. You had hotter conjo by tho next train.' ' I will not como alono on a visit, and lot overy ono seo how my husband treats me.' Dounis moved away quickly, partly beoauso ho know what bitter worda would follow Lisa'a indignant spocch, and ho did not want to hear them, and partly beoauso ho know tho shortest way to tho railway station waa through the baok garden, and ho did not wish Railton to seo him. Ho might chango his mind, and stop at home, and Dennis did not want that now ; ho wanted to soo Lisa, and cheer her a littlo if ho could. Ho hoard turn round tho corner, and then ho entered at tho gato. Lisa stood alono in tho garden, tho early spring light falling round her, seeming to mook tho big tears on her faco Her surrounding woro not poetic. Tho littlo trim rows of cabbago plants and carrots 'wero sprouting foobly on coch sido of her. Thodampmouldof tho path, sprinkled stingily with a fow ungainly pebbloa, looked dull and squalid in tho afternoon light ; in tho back ground, tho harasaod sorvaut was languidly shaking a duster out of a bed room window. Dennis stood in tho doorway looking at Lisa. Sho had on a big print apron, nud it was rather dirty; her hair was untidy, her faco tired aud flushed, vory possibly it was somowhat dirty, too But Dennis West did not seo all thin— ho only saw that, standing there, oho suddonly put up hor hands to her faco and broko into holpleos, hopeless, tears ; then f-ho turned without seeing him and weut into tho house, hor head bent, hor shouldors shaking with sobs. And seeing this, Dennis was filled with an overmastering pity. It wns true— a9 ho had taken pains to make hor understand — ho had quito overcomo his old boyish lovo; but ho had not forgotten his friendship for tho play mato of his childhood, nor his gratitude to her father and brothers — who had been brothers and a father to him— and for friend ship's .aako, and for gratitude, he would do what ho could for Lisa now. He could not do much ; ho could net chango hor husband into an ideal lover ;ho could not reform her children, nor plant groves of trees all down Upton street to improvo tho pros pect ; but ho oould at loast got thoro oftoner than ovor to ohoer hor up He could talk over old times with hor, play over old tunes, keep hor husband in good temper and prevent tho children from plaguing her, at least one evening ovory week ; and ho would do ao, ovon if he had to let tho Mergui property go to ruin. He waited about half an hour, and thon wont round to tho front of the houso and aikcd for Lisa. Ho found her patient and swoetas ovor, ready with conventional excuses for her husband's absence, and not a sign of anger or disoontont on hor face, and finding this, his pity aud venoration for hor grow all tho ceoper. Donni9 not b?Li j married, thero is no means of judging what sort of a husband ho would have mado himself ; but there is no limit to ono man'fl iudignation when anotbor man neglects hia wife. Indeod, however indif forent a man may be toward his wife, ono wonders that, if only for policy, ho does not conceal it bofore other men. Tho sight of a slighted wife invariably raises all that is noble and chivalrous in an onlooker, and a friend ship founded on chivalrous devotion on ono side and gratitude on tho other, is about tho most dangerous friendship that can exist botween a married Moman and a man not her husband. It assails hor on her weakest and most womau ly side — tho noed of protootion. It onlists all his best qualities on tho sido of wrong doing, until whilo shathinks she is only grate ful and she only means to bo generous, they drift past all help. When Dennis thought ovorything over that night, and his own mind reaffirmed his unspoken resolution to . remain in London for the sako of rendering poor littlo Lisa's lifo as boarablo as possible, ho wont to sleop with an easy mind, utterly unconscious that any praotical person would have told him that none but a fool or a knave would have made suoh a resolution. Part II. The spring and summer and autumn had passod monotonously, but more pleasantly, to Lisa than any time sinco the first few months of her marriage. It was winter now again, just a year Hinco Dennis West had dropped so unexpectedly into her lifo, and in all that year hia friendship and nover failed her. Ho was away just now — something had gono wrong with his business affairs, and he had been spending tho past weok or two in looking after them. It waa cold, bright, frosty weather now and Mr. Railton, who was certainly a hard working man, waa talking advantages of one of his raro holidays to give his family a day's skating. Tho children woro al mustered in the hall, and Mr. Railton was looking them \ over to seo if thoy wero in every respect fit , to go out with him ' Lisa, look at that ohild's gloves.' Lisa lookod. 'Put on her best gloves to-day, Puull' ' I haven't got any best.' ' Yea, dear, you havo. Whero aro thoy ? IJbought you a pair a fortnight ago.' So 6ho had ; but Jano had boon surrepi tiously wearing them to school every day, and this was the rosult. 'I haven't any but these,' Paul said stolidly* with a hazy motion that either ho or Jauo was in for a row, and that it had better bo ho because Jano was only a girl, fYou naughty boy, you know I bought you a new pair. Whoro aro thoy ?' ' There, thoro, don't scold tho poor ohild and spoil his day,' said Mr. Rail too fretfully. ' I really think you might try to have the children decently dressed whon I am going to tako thorn out.' So it was mother who waa in for tho row after all. Woll, mother was always in rows J still it seomod rough on mother that sho should bo scoldod because thoy had not obeyed her. i Whon they reached Rogont'a Park, they ; found tho ioo bearing, and a good many skaters. The frost had not lasted long, and tho Humano Sooiety wan in full forco with all its apparatus. Tho sight of the ropes and ladders startled Lisa, and she timidly suggested that thoy should inquiro whioh was tho shallowest part. Tho shallowest part' how ever proved to bo also tho most orowdod ; bo Mr. Railton decided to try elsewhere, where only a fow skaters wero disporting themselves, and ton minutes later thoy woro ou tho ico. ? Thoro is nothing like violent oxoroiso for driving away low spirits, and thero is no ovoroiso moro delightful than skating — so slight a motion of tho muscles sends this heavy body, whioh drags so wearily on foot, flying lightly along, tho frosh wind blowing in tho faco, tho warm blood diucing and racing through all ono's voins, in tho intense enjoymont of motion with the fatigue of motion. Wo riso to tho level of a bird when skating only Mercury-like, our wings aro on our feot. Beforo long Mrs. Railton was enjoying herself thoroughly, and Mr. Railton laughing, happily with tho ohildron. Tho children skated woll and did not noed to bo dragged about ? whioh was fortunate, for Lisa would certainly havo done most of tho dragging ; and, as it was, sho was in a fair way to spend tho after noon vpry pleasantly indcod. skating about with her lather, and thought how well they looked together. So did tho younger ones as thoy dashed aboub in oouples. Lisa was tho odd ono os tho party ; but it did not ocour to hor to let that trouble her» ProBh people kopt coming on tho ico. Sho enjoyed watohing almost as muoh as fikat ing. Presently, as sho stood at tho further ond of tho pond, her husband and ohildron oamo skating towards her; thoy stopped as thoy neared her, ntid for a few momonts thoy all stood in o group watohing tho rest of tho ekators. A stalwart couple, both about six feot high, came Bkating clumsily, but happily, along, wavered, olutchcd wildly at each othor, and fell. A fo w good natured people rushed forward to assist them, whou thero was henrd a resonant craok, and a long whito lino yhot across tho ontlro width of tho pond. Thoro wa9 a chorus of 1 Ohs' — half laughter and half foar — aud a general stampede for tho ahoro. Mr. Railton was ono of tho first to movo, but in a second, hereoallcotod, stopped, hositatod, thon seized Kate in ono hand, Paul in tho other and mado for the bank, calling to tho othors to oomo on. Lisa stood breathless. Sho had seen tho pause, the consideration—1 Which shall I savo' — and that sho had beou lefh, and tho eight took away all desiro and powoc to move. Next second, two strong arms soizod her shoulders, nnd she was hurled, rathor than drawn, into safety. Every one stood silent on tho bank, waiting ? to sco the water bubble up through tho crack. Thoy did not so.e it. Tho ico looked as strong and us sife as ovor, and prosontly people began to realizo this and to fcol foolish. Lisa heard a low, jolly laugh, and, lookiug up at hor rescuer, saw a big, black boarded man who took off his hab and bogan apolo gizing for his unnecessary roughness. ' No danger whatever ; the ico is jus lottliug down. I suppose you know that and so didn't movo. I thought you wero too frightened to stir, and so I just shot you off. I hopo I didn't hurt you ; but I saw you wore quito alone, and it took tho disgraco o ff my own flight to rescue somobody.' He laughed again and started on tho ico once moro, followed by several others. 1 I say, he thought mother was alone !' eaid Paul. ' If tho io9 had brokon, and yon hadn't got wet, I should havo been glad ho was there, wouldn't you, fathor ?' No one seemed disposed to follow Paul into these abstracted speculations. Mr. Railton changed the subject abruptly, saving : ' Nonsence ; don't let a little crack like that frighten you. Come along.' Mr. Railton, was, perhaps just a little ashamed of himself and that made his tone all the harsher. ' I do not care to come.' 'You can't stand about all alono in the cold. If you won't skate, you had better go home.' 'I will go. Tell the children I am tired. I need not ask you to take care of them.' ' I am sorry you are tired. Mind and take a good rest when you get home,' andho skated after the children round the corner, leaving her on the bank. A sudden turn brought bearded rescuer to her. He saw her struggling with her skates and stopped. A look of good-natured remorse overspread his handsome, kindly face, as he noticed her colorless lips and trembling hauds. 'Going? Let me take your skates off, and let me apologize again. I can see I frightened you, though the crack didn't. Perhaps I hurl you, but we never havo any ice in Ireland, so I don't understand it, aud I really thought there was danger, and, as you were alone — Pray do not be angry with me.' He changed his sentence, because ho saw that for some reason his words troubled her, and supposed that she resented his addressing her a second time ; though, indeed, the veriest prude living could not have taken offence at his frank, impersonal manner. Lisa left a sudden rush of emotion to think only a stranger should care to deprecate her anger. ' Indeed, I am not angry. I am very much obliged to you.' ' Then I hurL you. You are looking as white as a ghost.' ' No, not at all ; indeed no, only I am tired, and not very well, so I am going home. Thank you,' as he gave her her skates neatly strapped together, and she made an effect to look strong and independent as she Walked up the low, steep bank. 'One moment,' he said. She turned. ' I'm waiting for my wife,' he said, ' but she won't scold me for making her wait when I tell her what I have been doing. You must let me see you home or at least to the station.' ' Oh, thank you no, it is not in the least necessary.' ' Not in tho least.' said another voice. ' It seems I am come just in time to be of use, Lisa.' .'Oh, Dennis, I am so glad to see you back again.' 'That's all right, then,' said the stranger cheerfully. 1 can leave you with a easy con science.' 4 Thank you, very much,' said Lisa Tho stranger waited just a second bo caufo, if tho new-comer were tho lady'a brother or husband, it was only natural ho would want to muko somo acknowledgment of his attention to her ; and suoh was tho frank clicorf ulncss of his manner that Dounis found himself inutmctivoly murmuring somo indistinct courtesy. Thon ho aud Lisa walked toward tho gato in silonco. Presently Lisa said : ' Don't you think ho must bo rather a nico husband ? ' 'Who?' ' Why, ho ; tho gontleman who took off my skatoa. I was tirod, and wauted to go home, and couldn't manago tho straps.' ' Didn't Donuld know you wanted to go home ? ' ' Yes, of course I didn't go without tolling him ; but ho was at tho othor sido of tho pond. I daro say ho didn't know I was go ing just at that moment.1 Poor Lisa ! botween her senso of discom fort at what, sho took for a robukoin Dennis' tono, and l.' i- disliko of explaining her hus band's neglect, sho Hpoko very lamoly. But sho was mistaken. Tho disapproval was not for hor, for Dennis had reached tho bridgo a inomont boforo tho ico orackod, and had seen and understood the wholo inoidont. 'I dont think it was exactly proper,' sho said, ' but ho only meant to bo kind, booauso ho saw, I mean, thought, I waa alone.' ' You wore alono,' said Dennis abruptly. ' Whon I am not with you you aro always alono, whou will tho others come baok ?' little party after tho skating. I had forgot ten that.' Aud sho romemborod that no ono had ro called it to her mind, or aBked her if sho would join thom whon sho was rented. Thoy walked on iu silonco to tho Marylo bono-road; as thoy crossed it a eiokly, hideous column of smoko rushed up through ono of tho ventilators of the underground railway. ' Oh dear,' sho eaid, taking a doep breath of tho clear frosty air, ' wo havo to go down tliat to gob homo.' * Wo aro not going home,' said Donnip, quietly, 'wo aro goiug some v/horo, an v whero, it docs not matter; a picture g-llery will do.' ' 1 think I should like it,' suid Lisa, hesi tating. 'I am not wanted at homo, the children will not be back until tho ovoning ; and Donald will bo quito Jatu, aud a picturo gallery will bo such a pleasant change.' ' That it,' sad Dennis shortly. 'It\s time you had a chango.' Thoy walked walked on, on through tho strcota until thoy readied thogallory; butwhen thoy reached it Dennis led her past all tho pictures to a quiot sect, and signed hor to sit down. Sho looked up surprised. ' We oamo hero to talk,' ho said shortly, 'Lisa, I was on tho bridgo juatnowaud saw all that happoncd.' Sho saw somothing in his faco whioh sho did not understand. ' Then — it is no uso protending any inoro,' sho eaid. ' No ; no, it is uo use pretending any more. Lisa, ail this year j'ou havo been pretending not to bo wretched, and I havo been pretend ing to believe you. But I havo known nil tho timo how things woro.' 'Yes,' she said, ' I was protending to bo satisfied when I thought you believed mo but that is 110 us® now. It is often liko that — nearly always when you are not there.' When ho was not thoro ! And ho had como to toll her that ho must go away for good. That waa tho news ho had brought back from his threo weeks of inspection. His losses had been so great, his affairs had become so involved that nothing but his own presence oould stave off ruin. Ho must teli bor that ho must loavo hor — almost at once — -lea vo her now sho had grown used to hia friendship — leave her without a friend iu the world, to bear hor troubles alono ? Oh, Lisa ! glad-hearted, bright-souled Lisa, wero you only inndo for this— to wear out your life as tho despised drudgo of a man who has tired of you ? Aud must tho mun who loved ycu as a child, and mo:c doep and tender than tho old, leave you to bear your burden alono ? No, nover. Sho had ad good a right, to lovo and happiness as any woiuau in tho world. Why should sho live this long, slow death, when he could givo her far bettor things ? ' You want to tell mo something,' sho said. ' Is it — is it that you aro going sooner than you thought?' ' I am going at onco.' She watohed him with parted lips, waiting perhaps guessing what was coming, for his voice had no Bound of farewell in it. ' Lisa,' he wont on, ' when I first caino baok I tried in my blundering way to show you that my childish lovo for my pretty tyrannical cousin was gono, outgrown.' ' Yes, I understood ; if it had not beon so, you would not have come/ ' I would not, Lisa. I camo baok to be your friend, and I stayed to bo your friend, and I saw your Bweetneas, and your patience and your suffering. And now I lovo you ten thousand times moro than over you were loved in your beautiful youth.' * Oh, my beautiful youth ! ' It was a cry of bitter regret for good things liopelossly past. * Thero is no woman on earth more to bo pitied than you. Your youth U gone, and your beanty is gone, and you have nothing instead of them.' ' Why do you tell me ? ' she said, wearily. ' Do I not know ? ' 'Lisa,' ho went ou, 'somo womou havo to boar poverty, and bear it because their husbands lovo them. S^mo havo to bear neglect, but their lives aro passed in case, and they do not mind it ; others, who havo neither lovo nor comfort, havo pride and pleasuro in their children. What h ivo you ? I alone lovo you, why should you not lovo me ? I alone want you, why may I not have you ? Lisa, I swear to you that if your husband loved you, I should not.; if thero had been any hopo iu your life, I should havo been content to havo passed out of it in silence ; but you know as woll as I do, that tho shock once over, no ono will oven miss you. Remember what happened just now.' It waB true, sho know it. If sho had died that day, sho know how little difference it would havo mado in her homo. 1 Your husband, whom you trusted in your youth, fails you now. Can you deny if.' 'No.' i ' And to which of 3'our childron can you i turn, saying : ' This ono at least, will bo tho com fort of my ago ? ' * ' To noueof them.' ' Lisa, will you como with mo to-night to Mergui ? ' Thoy stood facing each other, a fow feet apart. Thero was no passion in thoir voices or their eyos. She only waited whilo ho : spoko his unalterablo conviction. ' You havo no idea what it will be like,' ho ! said. ' Instead of your lifo horo, with its endless slights and loveless pationoe, instead of tho burden which has worn your poor, weak hands and brnisod your dear, truo heart, you will havo roBt and perpetual summer, and soft airs, ar,d cndloas lovo and tender ness.' , ' I will como.' 'Wo will go to-night,' ho said. 'I havo had news whioh makes it absolutely necessary that I should go at onco. If you como with me, Donald will nevor guess where wo are. Ho will not think I havo gono to Mergui, bccau&e; I havo so ofton spoke of going thero. Ho will think that wag only a blind.' ' I daro say.' ' Tho train starts at 1 1.30. Will you eomc to my rooms ? That will be hotter than your going to 1 ho station. Stations nro go orowded. I should not liko you to bo in a crowdcd slntion at night.' ' I will couw.' 'Ho — Donald, I inean — will not bo back until lato you say? Tho steainor will havo started beforo ho finds that you havo gono.' ' I supposo so.' ' Till to-night, thon. Wo must part now. I havo things to arrango. Do not bo late.' ' Good-by.' ' Good-by, Lisa my love. I will make you so happy.' ' I hopo so, I think bo ; aud I should like to bo happy beforo I dio, and no ono wants mo lioro.' . Sho roso as sho spoho, and ho put hor into a cab at tho door. ' Do not bo later than 11 o'clock,' ho said. 'No.' Sho did not look up hb the oab drovo off ; sho sat as in a dream. So it waB all over — tho long bitter, joyless strugglo — sho was going to bo happy at last. Ono person in tho world wanted hor, sho would go to him, and hor placo here would simply close up. No ono would miss hor; no ono would ovon bo surprised ; whatevor she did had always boon displeaaiug. Sho had tried so hard to bo good all theao years, and what was tho uso? Tho harassed sorvant showod no surprise aB sho ro-ontored, only inquiring if, sir ce she had como homo, sho would clean tho plate as she usually did on Wednosday afternoons, Lisa eaid, 'yos,' and put on her apron to begin, laughing softly to hersolf aa sho polished tho best tea- pot and tho not very numerous spoons and forks, to think that sho way never to do such work agaiu, for sho was to bo a happy woman, lovinyr and lovod. Tho timo passed quickly, sho -vaa as tonished to find how lato it was. Wilon tho children returned from tho party thoy woro tired, which was fortunate, for it mudo them inolinod to go to bod, and thoy wont on her suggestion without any opposition. Tho oldost girl ii.id stayed with her father. Lisa waa annoyod and distressed, for grown* up parties and lato hours wero ovon moro harm ful for Kito than for most youmr girls. Then she romemborod that nothing ICato did need concern hor now. There was poaitivo rest iu tho thought alroady. Poor Lisa ! Astrong-mindod, high- spiritod woman would havo known bottor, would havo known tho road sho waB taking had nevor yet. proved tho road to happiness. A wiso wom-iu would havo seen tho wcakuoss of Dc-niiis' arguments, would havo understood better what oho was doing. But poar Lisa was not wi»e, and had no strongth of mind or will. That was not her fault. Ronald Railton had ohosen a fool, and, linking marriod her. had blunted her faculties and dulled the littlo intolligouoo sho hud by neglect and harshness ; so she had gut into tho way of doing what aho wns told whon it was unpleasant, now she would do what aho was told when it seemed vory, vory pleasant indeed. Who among her family could ro proaoh her? Who of them doservod that she Bhould still sacrifico herself to thom ? It took her very litttlo timo to mako her fow preparations. It was 10.45 o'clock aa ? sho stood ou tho landing roady. The door into tho boys* bedroom stood opon, tho gaa was still full ou ; mechanically sho entered to turn it down. Tho youngest boy was in his orib ; sho passed by him almost oarelossly. Paul lay asleep w.th ,ono haud grasping a crumpled paper. Thero was a cortuin beauty in his slolid, chubby face after all. His mouth, too, looked actually protty wheu it was shut. ' How I would havo loved my ohildron if they had cared about it,' eho murmurod standing over Paul's bed, and half-ashamed of offering unsought tenderness, she&toopcd; and kiracd him. 1 Mother,' ho started awako suddenly, rub bing his eyes with his loft hand. 'Yes, it's mother,' and ho hold out tho crumpled paper toward her. 'What is this, Paul?' and uufoldiug it sho saw two crushed macaroons in the last state of heat and stickiness. 'There'ro from tho party you didn't go, and I thought you'd liko somo.' 1 Paul, did you think of mo at the party ?' ' Yes, lots. I'vo been thinking a long time. I'vo been thinking ? ' ' What havo you been thinking ?' 1 You're always doing things for up, and nobody is good to you but Dennis, and ho's going away, and thore won't be anybody ; so I am goiug to bo always liko Dennis to you.' Young as he way, he was thoroughly Eag lL*h, and he looked moro 2shamed of his good impulso than if ho had been caught stealing jam. His mother was lookiug at him iu erger wonder. Ho wont on, mumbling hia words, scarlct-facsd, aud rubbing hia oyea with both hands ; now both were free. 'Father's always scolding you, and we bother you, and Tommy Brent's mother isn't half as nice as you; but thoy aro all good to her, and we're horrid ; but I won't b9 any more.' ' My son, my eon !' she cried, ' do you uur derstand what you say ? You will not forgot to- morrow ? You aro so young, you cannot understand.' She flung herself on hor knees by the bed, ' gazing with piteous eagerness into his half awakened face, and, as she looked, 'Tho soul of tho ohild stood up in his oyea,' and sho know it was no ohildish whim, but the begin niuff of a great joy for her. He put his warm arms around her neck, aud fell asleep thero. Ten minutes to 11. Sho wouid Boon bo with him, and ovorything was ready. Dennis' ?' paced tip aud down his room in a fovor of impatience, moro miserablo than over he had been in his lifo. Ho had triumphed — that is, he had succeeded in making tho woman ho loved other than sho might havo been. Sho was worse, and not bettor, for knowing him. Ho had persuaded hor to do wrong in tho hopo that, together, ' thoy might find happi ness, and hia misery had begun already. Lisa, the patient, gontlo saint. Ho, had mado : her no longer a saint. He, who had moant to be her best friend, was now hor worst cnoiny. Ho had loved her for hor purity, hor sweet patienco and oudurancc. What if he coaeed to love her now ho himself had des troyed those qualities ! It would not astonish him! Nothing would astonish him that he fuuud himself doing now. Ho had thought himself honorable and upright, and ho wua noither. He had thought himself a truo friend to Li&n;, and ho waa nouo. Now, whon . ho thought himself afuithful lover, how could ho tell that ho was not mistaken ? Ho folt himself so falso and contemptible that no further discovery of baseness in himself would havo surprised hiin. It grieved him to think that Lisa had trmtod herself to ono so contemptiblo. Horemomberodhowhohad always seen and known that suoh actions as his ended in wretchedness. Ho quito belioved that now. How could he trust his good in tentions to Lisa whon thoso other good iuton tious had broken down ? How could he bo euro of hia lovo when his friendship waa such a miserable failure ? Tho clock struck 11. Ho started. Sho must bo there iu a minute, and thoro would bo no goiug baok. Tho thing waa .dono already. Just thon ho heard tho door open. Ho groaned and hid his fatio. lio had realized bis own fall already ; now ho kuow that sho too was in tho mire with him. -*V ' Telegram, sir.' It was the landlady who entered. Dennis took tho envelope, and read the contents : 'Do not wait for mo. I cannot come. Paul loves ine. You havo taught hiui to love mo. Good-by.' ' Thank God 1' ho cried. ' Sho ia safo and my Rpotloss saint is spotless still.' ? Donald Railton is getting on in tho world Ho is in a fair way to becomo Attorney General, and is more satisfiod with himself than over ; he never knew what an csoapo ho had had that December ovoning, which waa as well, for ho was iticapabloof understand ing ho story had ho heard it. Ho noticed that bin wife grow daily brighter and stronger, - . and probably V ought that sho was growing wiser hb sho ♦.tow older. Tho othor ohildren noticed that 1' ml novor contradioted mother * now ; and, moreover, that he puuehed Will's head for eo doing, and whon hiB mother re buked him for it, listened quiotly and said ho would uot do it again. All this roused their astonishment at first and then their rcspeot. They grow to understand that- mother had a champion now, and that the olevor one of tho family. Thoy grew io seo how eagerly thoir mother waited / for Paul when ho was out, 'and what a picture it was to Paul to tell all his nows to her at the ond of ovory day, until atlapt they, too, began to chango their manners and to seo all tho boauty and lovablenoss of thoir mother's character. Kate, indoed, will always bo hor father's daughter, and nono of them will over be to Lisa what Paul is ; ho is her strongth and joy, a -mothing daily to thank God for. Satisfied with his lovo, her hus band's bitter words griovo her no 1 on por. Now that sho haa a defonoo against them ho liaB naturally ceased to speak them, and any advance ho makos sho moots muoh moro than half-way. Sho has resolutely turnod her baok on the past and lifo grows daily brighter and brighter. -? But perhaps, years honco, sinco Cousin Dounis will probably soon bo married to tho Cousul's daughter, whoso namo has been bo ofton in hia tatters lately, porhaps, when Paul Bpeaka to hor of some woman ho loves, and whose lovo ho has .vton, sho will, in warning, tell him of that dangerous moment in her lifo and show him a orushod craokor paper hold ing two orumbling macaroons.— All the Year livutul. ' . ' 