ACTA POPULL ? ^ ? . Br the Flaneur, Bella ! korricla bella ! .'?-?. — VlKGXJLi. ? Thjb year our usual happy Easter time has been shadowed o'er by the blood-red clouds of battle. War., sanguinary war, with all its pomp and cir cumstance more than overbalanced by its sicken ing scenes of carnage and unspaakable woe burst upon our once fair city on Thursday last, and raged with awful violence for over the nine days that followed. After desperate engagements, however, the enemy was completely routed, and the mangled (and perfectly empty) corpses of the slain can now be seen lying on the gory field just as they fell, their gaping wounds pointing heavenwards and their capsuled helmets lying by their side. But a few short days ago these deadly pint and half-pint foes were full of fierce, martial spirit, and now they are all silent and still, with nothing %§ tell of who or wh$t they were, save here and there a glistening breastplate bearing the inscription ' Hennessy— ? Three-star Brigade 5 Walker— Highland Whisky.' On the whole it was a happy thought to select the Park reserve for the Easter encampment this year, because it gave the people who have to pay for these shivoos a chance of getting something in the way of amusement for their money ; to say nothing of the glorious and much-availed-itif privilege of being able to get a good square drink at tho canteen on Sunday. None but soldievs were allowed to pay for grog, of course, but the style in which even the haughtiest of civilians made the acquaintance of the humblest soldier and slipped coins into their hands to pur chase a friendly ' shout' for the pair was lovely to behold. Of the work performed in camp, by far the best and most conscientiously performed was done at meal times ; the contractor of course being the ubiquitous Mr. Kidman. The accom modation provided for the men was good ; that afforded to the officers was simply regal. Some time ago Field-Marshal Parkes informed .the o-rumblers of the Assembly that these Easter encampments were positively necessary in order to ' inure our forces to the great privations, hardships, and dangers of the tented field.' Having inspected a few of the officers' tents, by the kind permission of a sentry, who wasn't looking, I can truly say that I would cheerfully suffer all the privations, etc., that I saw scattered round, every day of my life, and stand a double dose on Sundays. For the sake of safety, however, I would suggest that in future all offcers should be either screwed down or glued on to their saddles ; for a charger has only to elevate his tail to an angle of 45., and over goes his fire-eating rider on the plain like a sack of wet sawdust. With the ex ception of the horses and men, however, our mounted force is perhaps the very best in the world, and if some agreement could be made by which the steeds and their riders would be bound not to part company more than once every half hour we need have no fears of a Chinese inva sion. Another little drawback to the picturesque ap pearance of our noble army lies in the fact that no two men seem to be of the same build ; their heights ranging from about 7ft. 3in. to 3ft. 7in. What makes this all the more distressing is the ridiculous way in which the little men will per sist in planting themselves by the side of the long ones ; and the fat old Daniel Lamberts, who turn the scale at 18 stone, will prance round next to a fellow so thin that ifc would take at least four like him to make a decent shadow. The result of this is that the tout ensemble of our invincible army is completely spoilt, and the side view of it gives one an idea of a ' cockatoo' fence over which a mob of wild cattle has just passed. Another serious obstacle to our soldiers' success is caused by many of our warriors bold being fitted up with two left legs, the result being that they step off on a march in a state of decided in dependence with different feet foremost, and one half of the squad appears to be rushing off to glory or the grave, whilst the other half is ap parently trying to retreat to the nearest watch house in order to give itself in charge for protec tion. This could be remedied by tying hay-bands round each hero's right leg, so that he would be able to know it at the first glance ; but a better plan to ensure regularity on a march would be to place each soldier in an invalid's perambulator and hire a Kanaka to push the thing along. Seri ously, however, our men seem to be made of sterling stuff, but so long as they are bossed about by feather-bed popinjays who don't know enough about military tactics to enable them to follow their boiled-lobster noses round in a circle, all the encampments that can be he held will never make them a shade better than when they started. One consolation, however, is that our noble army will never perish for want of officers . for out cf the 2155 in camp this Easter, only 1611 came under the headings of 'gunner and pri vates,' so that each commander, of one kind and another, had something less than three full pri vates to form a square with. Nevertheless, taking it altogether, this year's campaign was pro ductive of great profit — especially to Mr. Con tractor Kidman. It has been well said that ' war's a game which, were their subjects wise, kings would not play at.' A crack-brained Czar or an ambitious young Emperor has but to say the word, and millions of men are trotted out to slaughter. In one battle fought in the American Civil War, no less than 130,000 brave fellows were butchered, and the chances arc that not more than half of those really knew what the row was all about. To-day, Germany spends .£21,000,000 annually for war pxirposes, and France parts with .£29,000,000 a year ; each nation capable of placing one million two hundred thousand^ men in the slaughtering field, independent of reserves. Who c:in figure up all the happiness this money could purchase for the people, were it spent otherwise than in the keep of ' hjr,ed assassins'? Our ally, England, is, however, m a far more deplorable state than either France or Germany. Inclusive of the £20,000,000 she annually spends in main taining her hold on India, England's yearly war ? ? ? ? — — — — ^^ bill totals just J65 1,000,000— the expenditure in Canada and Australia being mere trifles unworthy f of consideration. Fifty-one millions of pounda i shopped away every year, and not a single cent - productive ! There must be something radically. * wrong in a system which spends so much and' i gains so little. :s ?? . : : This is not the worst, however, for, after all 1 her expenditure, England can only jplace 150,000 ) ; men in the field. It is true that her fleet is twice , as powerful as that of France and Germany com bined, but if all we hear is true, a deal of her , fleet's strength is to be found on paper only. Lord Churchhill, a direct descendant of the sole great military commander England has produced in the last two hundred years, declares that not f a single English fortress of strategic importance throughout the empire is properly armed and provisioned. Every department of England's military and naval service is said to be supplied with defective weapons ; bayonets that turn round, and fairly grin at the men who attempt to use them ; shells that will not explode, and cannons that kill more behind them than they do in front ; in short, we hear of nothing but fraud and jobbery in these departments that would make even the foundation stones in our own Town Hall rise up in open mutiny. This is not encouraging for us, now that Field-Marshal Ah Sin and Major-General Kum On are buckling their armour, and requesting us to ' put up our hands,' but, thanks to the bold front displayed by our death-dealing Lancahs, and the exorbitant rate of house-rent asked at present, we are not likely to suffer from an invasion this side of Christmas. Luckily, also, the Lenten season is over, and nine or ten meals of good beef and poultry a day will soon recruit our lost strength, and bring us out fit to fight the whole world — the Cabbage Garden included. And, by the way, to add to Dr. Barry's troubles, quite a civil war has been raging amongst his people over the desirability or otherwise of paying any attention to the rules of the Anglican Church as regards fasting. A Mr. Donaldson, in the Herald, has pointed out that while the festival times, or ' ban-yan ' days of the said Church have enormously increased, the days of fasting have so decreased that they are not as much as mentioned by the respectable portion of the faithful. There are something like 125 days of fasting or abstinence entered in the Anglican Book of Common Prayer, and yet the only seasons at which the majority of Dr. Barry's flock observe them are when it is a case I of ' Hobson's choice,' and they cannot secure any stronger diet than that of dried apples and wee sardines. upon top or mr. juonaiason & letter, however, comes one from a Mr. Dane, M.A., which plainly declares that the fast ing rules of the Anglican Church, like cer tain customs of old Denmark, are ' more honor'd in the breach than in the observance.' Not only do the laity buck against the punish ment of what the gentlemen of the prize ring call their ' bread-baskets,' or ' dumpling de pots,' bub Mr. Dane declares that ' Even the clergy disobey her rubrics, and bishops may contradict her doctrinal teaching with impunity. This state of things would be impossible were there any discipline in the Church of Eng land. As this has fallen into disuse, every mem ber of the Church is under law to Christ alone.' In other words, every member of the Church comes to the very satisfactory conclusion that his views on the &ubject; of fasting entirely coincide with those of Christ, and he regulates his daily bill of fare accordingly. This is a go as-you-please style of belief which, however repugnant it may be to the High Church party, must meet with the warmest approval of every master butcher in the land. Speaking of my recent par. on Sydney street scenes, a correspondent asks if I ever saw two Hallelujajyasses from the Salvation Army squad kisa each enjher as they meet on the pathway. I did not. And, furthermore, I don't want to, for the sight of such celestial bliss might prove too great a temptation even for such a religious ascetic as myself, and I might rush up and clamor for a cut off the same piece: Owing to the straight half-mile of a verandah which the lovely lasses wear to their' bonnets I be lieve, however, that this kissing business is funnier than a circus, or one of Paster Jef feris' sensational screaming sermons 'for female young women only. At the first attempt the poke bonnets generally come together with a crash that boosts tho whole atructure over on the wearer's back, and gives fche spectators a chance of guessing the probable time that elapsed since the sisters combed their hair. The head fixings are then adjusted and the kissers go a trifle slower, until after a deal of twisting and screwing, they get their cherry-ripe lips within cooey of each other, and obtain what might be called a sort of make-believe osculation which must be about as satisfactory as the process of eating soup with a fork. When a brother and sister of the Army undertake to perform the business, however, very little difficulty is experienced ; ex cept when the sister has dmed off over-proof onions, or the brother's amatory enthusiasm is unfairly handicapped by his having the big drum strapped in front o£ his martial bosom. Another pretty little piece of pantomime is 'requently played off on our trams, and the way .t runs is this. Lady with fancy satchel enters jar, sits down. Guard approaches* asks for 'are ; lady opens satchel, takes out purse, muts satchel, opens purse, takes out sixpence, shuts purse, opens satchel, puts in purse shuts satchel, offers sixpence, receives three pence, opens satchel, opens purse, puts in three pence, closes purse, opens satchel, puts in purse, closes satchel ; ear stops, lsdy skips out ; the pan tomime is ended. I have seen it played about seven hundred and seventy-seven thousand times and never noticed a single alteration in the pro gramme. And yet Dan O'Connor says the greatest men that ever lived were women, and he'll start a holy war unless the franchise is extended to the fair ' deludherin' ' sex. Lord Carrington has forwarded home our most emphatic protest against the threatened Chinese invasion, and a nice little fix ' dear Salisbury' will find himself in, when he receives that in teresting document. Some twelve months ago tho original Anti-Chinese League deputation waited on General Wong Ho in Sydney, and told him straight his countrymen must go. The following day the S. M. Herald and the weathercock Telegraph printed indignant but fawning, sub- leaders, in which they hoped that the General would not take any notice of the scrubby deputation's remarks, or think for a moment that they represented the true sentiments of the people. Beyond doubt the members of that deputation were no-account men, who were eager to see their names in print, but they struck the key-note of our grievance for all that, and the whole colony has now told Lord Salisbury the straight truth that was then dinned into the ears of the butter-coloured General. Not even the Herald or Telegjjai'h dare attempt to tone down our recent protest, for we are now face to face with the very unpleasant fact that there are over 50,000 Chinamen in Aus tralia at the present time, and the cry is still 'they come' — providing that we will let them. Talej innumerable are told of the sidesplit ting humour of the Dublin theatre gallery audience, and there is a small fortune in store for the man who carefully col lects and places them beforo the public. Amongst the best I have heard of late is the story of an unfortunate actor who waa slaughtering ' Hamlet,' and received a most un merciful ' doing,' especially in the scene with the Ghost. Unable to stand the annoyance any longer, the gloom v Prince stepped forward, and addressing the ' gods' exclaimed, ' Look here, me bhoys ; av yiz don't shtop yer coddin', me an' th' ghost will go up there an' bate th' divil out av every mother's son av ye.' On another oc casion a piece was billed at the ' Queen's' as 'A new and original comedy, in which the author will appear.' The house was packed, and in the third scene the author came on. He was a stout, fat, little fellow, very awkward and pain fully nervous, and his confidence was not at all improved by a gossoon upstairs, who with a scoff ing laugh drawled out—' Musha, Lard save us but is that an author ?' Better still, however, is the tale told of a miserable, cadaverous look ing actor named Webb, who in a certain play was offered food by a boy, and had to say — ' No, dear che-ild, I cannot eat,' upon which a still small voice from the ' top' called out, ' Ah, thin, God forbid that Oi should ever be a mutton chop forninst ye.' 