WITH SOCK AND BUSKIN I ? The profluotion of Faust at tho Princess' | Theatre, Melbourne, was a great nuccess. ; It was a bold stroke on tho part o£ the I munaffoment to go from comic to legitimate J I opera with practically tho same artists. Misa TTellie Stewart appeared as Mar ruorite, and no doubt the crowScd house wrb 'very anxious to see how their pet opdrfiftc artist would play and eiug ?uch a JrCab part. Miss Ni'llio Stewart is a talented, good-looking lady, and as might have been expected from such a clover artist, she made a hit as the heroine of Gounod's sublimo work. It is a very dif ferent character from tho3« she has been accustomed to play, bo that all tho more credit is duo to her for her -akill in handling it. To play Marguerite well ?requires great dramatic ancl vocal 'powers. Tho finest operatic singers tho world has 1 .evor known have played it, and compari ' sons will naturally bf- d-awn by 'those who Iliavo heard Patti or Neilaon. Miss Nellie; ?Stewart has struck out a line cif her own,j ?and, without attempting to compare with, ?the wonders of tho century, sha gives a, ?most caroful randering oE tho part. Mr.; Leumane. as Faust, was also successful,; and Mr. Knight Ashton, as Valentine, is nuito at homo in his part. Mr. 'F. 'Federici M appeared as Mephistophdes, and^ sang ?:f' better than ever he did before. But it rfi was to be his last appearance. Mr. Federici, whose real name.is Baker, went I through the fourth act woll and as he % went on for the last act, became dazed and i acted in a somewhat mechanical manner. ; s Ag ho doacended with Faust ho-said the last !! words of his part, and he had almost: ; reached tho lower iloor when he fell for § ward insensible. He was carried to the; i creen room, but he never spake again. . iind died literally in harness. Miss « Monmouth, o£ the Bstne company, waahia, I wif... and he had two children. Ho had. 1 suffered from heart disease for some time' £ past. Tne audience had leiG thu theatre I before th* sJid event becauio known. A more painful episode I hardly over heard of. Much symp-ithy is eiipre-sed. for Mrs. B,iker, and all the artists at the theatre were deeply affected at tho sudden tieath of a comrade' so well liked «mongst them. I should mention that Misa Atice Barnett | played Martha, and Miss E -inny Liddiat'd Siebel, and both did well. The orchestra tion was excellent, and the opar* mounted in the mo3t lavish and costly style. ? * Mr. Charles Warner has fairly con quered Melbourne with BrinJc. The lheatro Boyal is crammed nightly, and the great il actor meets with a magnificent reception. 1 I have received one of the souvenir cards 1 of Warner's first appearance, in which a 1 striking- portrait of the actor - appears. I How lon-* Drink will run I do not know, i but I should .think it- will, at any rate, see I Easter over; ' * . The Saint Maur Company ' have been nlaying Siaac Land at the Alexandra, and it has been a great success. ? lhese /repre- sentations of stage life seem to have a peculiar fascination for people who li^o to get a glimpse behind the ocene^. Miss Essie Jenyn3 has mode many friends in Melbourne by her admirable acting at the Bijou Theatre, and the Holloway company have now reached the pixth week of the season. Mis3 -Essie Jenyns as Parthenia, and Mr. fiolloway as Ingomar are familiar characters to all M Sydney playgoers. I -think Ingomaru .one | of Holloway's best characters, and Miss I Jenyns is a ? charming Parthenia. The I cast is almost identical with the Criterion -t -i production of the same play. The piece is |j well staged. # I At the Theatre Eoyal, Adelaide, Messrs. M | Brough and Boucicault's Comedy Corn i I pany have been playing the Pulpoilgt to | 1 good .houses. Hudson's Surprise Party 1 1 have played for about. one hundred and It sixty times, and have had good houses II ^nce the commencement of tho^season. I At Brisbane Harding's Opera Company | still at the Gaiety, their latent production 1 beinc Maritana. with Mr. Harding as. Don | Ciesar and Miss Grace Plaisted. as 1 Maritana. Mr. Joe MacMahon ia f t'U'the I manager for th» company. At the Iheatre 1 Boyal Arthur Vivian's Dramatic Comp.my 1 are doing well with Current Cash , and t ^ Missing at Lloyd's will follow. ^ I Miss Grace llawthorne'B next production at the Prince m' Theatre, London, wal 'be an adaptation by Mr. Arthur rLaw ol t 51 ir. Fergus Hume's story, Tho Mystf-iy of a Hansom Cab.' ^ Mr. Henry Irving, writing to explain his H rendering of Mephistopheles, says: Mvpbis l topheles is not the Satan. of Milton, but a t waggish knave. . . ? Ho is tho sar-, 1 ! ? castic, flippant man-about-town. HoneoJa B .only an eye-glass to be a limping old bean B of our own day.' ; a # * * ? The Tickct-of-Lcave Jfanhaabeen revived S -atthoOlympic.withMr. Henry Neville iu; i his original part of Bob Brierly, and Mrs. I i Stephens as Mrs. Willoughby. Mr. Wil ? lard, prince of villains, will be quite at 1 kjmo as JameB Dalton, and Miss Helen I Leyton will appear as Sam. Mr. ^°rte I Stephens has cast himself fcr HawUshuw, M the detective. || ? * * If Mr. Irving closed his season at Chicago ii on January 21, and began ut Boston on II January 21!. Tho Chicago papers. say that II the engagement has been tjjo inosfc suc P ceBsful eve?: .played there, u'dt »=? fin'la; m cially, butv^rtistically. It has exceeded' II by lGiOOO dollars any previously played H there by him. n ? ? ® - 1 Mr. Mapleson has, it is said, succeeded k in discovering a prima donna of the highest j» order, likewise a baritone and tenor. It is some years since he first introduced H Madame Nilsson, Madame Trebelli, lima B di Murska, Gerster, Scalchi, and a host of M othero, to tho London publio, and the ap M pearance of these now stars will be looked .s§; forward to with interest. 8 ' * * * ® ' Carados ' writes Wilson Barrett SI tried his Hamlet on tho Globe matincers mi on Wednesday. Ic was received with bo I fitting respect, but the result was, on the whole, not echilirating. A dramatic irreverent who/ insisted on giving ™ehis views during the performance said that if two or three processions, somo Irish songs, aud a comic dance for four bears _ woro dropped in, there might bo money m it, but not otherwise. Of course I stornly , rebuked such flippancy, and sont its I uttoror howling away. W. B. 8 Prince of ? Denmark is somewhat more mature ana less given to exposure of tho chest than when he appeared in Oxford-street, but is, for the most part, as rapid (conversa tionally) as ovor. This is the more un-. fortunato bocauso Tetrareh Hudson, who now plays tho King, mouths 1^ wovdBHa though ho loved them too well to lightly part with them. Hudson is, as Willard was, a red Claudius, but thero tho ro , somblanco ends. Barring tho tendency to ^Wmi)hlo, Barrott's performanco 13 tlirough respectable-- and is, indeed, not w ith gne moments. The best of thoso is A'l^H - poyhaps his sceno with Bosencrantze and sSRE Guiidenstern in Act III. Miss Eastlako is 0\. again a most oharmiug Ophelia, nnd Blr. Fulton is a sonorous and noblo Ghost. Mr. V, mM Georgo Barrett's First Gravedigger lias r improved, in that it io a little less metio i|lf politan — I don't like to BftyVsookeyish than wlion I saw it last ; 'and I thiulc now, Mil as I thought then, that Mr. Bornago s seuond Qravodigger is absolutQly tho bosfc tlung «g its kind I have over witnessed. I men M|f tion this more particularly beoauso several Ikii of my oritioal bxethren ihave, in their |§|1| anxiety to praise Mr. Barrett, ignorod Mr. Bernage's merit altogether.' 