CATHOLIC. OUR PRESENTS TO THE POPE. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 'FROM ROME. The Cardinal-Archbishop has received a com munication from the Most Rev. Dr. Kirby giving the particulars of the presentation of the Austra lian gifts to the Holy Fafher which took p'ace on Thursday, 19th January. The presentation was made by Dr. Kirby, and there were present, the Right Rev. Dr. Moore, Bishop of Ballarat (Vic). Mr. Eyre Ellis, the Venerable Archdeacon Ho^an of Tasmania, and the Rev. Father De!nney, of BaUarat (Vic). Mr. Ellis was the bearer to Rome of the joint address of thfi Hier archy of Australafia, and he assisted at. ifcs presentation. The jubilee P^ter Pence offerings, including the .£3400 from the dioc-ses of New South Wales, were made on the same oc casion. With respect to the address of tbf- Archbishops and bishops, a full description of the. artistic merits of which as well as a translation of the Latin text appeared in the Freeman just before its despatch to Rome, Dr. Kirby writes in a letter to Cardinal Moran : — 'On Thursday I had the happiness to lay your splendid offering of the Province of .£3400 at; the feet of the Holy Father with tho magnificent address which he at once canonized by the words E' magnified, accompanying this expression with his usual emphatic action. His Holiness was charmed with it, and closely inspected the beauti ful execution inside and outside the elegant miniatures of the Holy Ghost, the Last Supper, the Giving of the Keys to Peter, St. Joachim, St. Thomas Aquinas, &c; — all he examined minutely and evidently with the greatest pleasure/' By the courtesy of his Eminence we are pnvi lnged to publish the replies to three of the addresses lent to the Holy Father from Sydney. TIIE A.H.C. GUILD GIFT AND ADDRESS. Dr. Kirby, writing from the Iiish College. Rotup, 13th January, to Mr. J. F. M'Donail, the Warden of the A. B.C. Guild, Sydney, thus ac knowledges the address and t^e splendid gold chalice : — ' Dear Sir, — It affords me great pleasure to in form you that your magnificent address to the Holy Father and gold chalice forwarded to me by his Eminence Cardinal Moran safely arrived I had tbe honour to present them some days ago to bis Holiness, who was pleased to accept them with deep gratitude. Such expressive testi monials of your filial devotion and that of the other memberB of your Guild towards himself, a« well aa of their undying attachment to the chair of St. Peter, were deeply appreciated by hiB Holi ness. He inspected carefully the chalice and the execution of the address with evident interest, and was pleased to charge me to communicate to you and to your fellow-members of the Guild, to gether with the expression of his gratitude, his apostolic benediction, which I sincerely trust and pray shall be to all and each, of them a sure pledge of the final benediction which is reserved for the elect on the last day. I have the hon ur to remain, dear sir, your most obedient servant, ' T. Kirby, Archbishop of Ephesus, etc. ' P.S. — January 23. — I heg you to excuse the delay which has occurred in forwarding these lines through a press of occupations.' THK WOMEN'S ADDRESS. The following is the acknowledgment. oP the address and offerings of the Catholic women of Sydney : — ' Romp, Trish College. ' Your address to the Holy Father which hia Eminence Cardinal flloran kindly forwarded to me safely arrived ; and I had the honour t.» lay it at the feet of his Holiness together with the mag nificent casket which enclcsed it some days ago. He was pleased to express his pleasure and acknowledgments at such expressive and delicate proofs of the filial devotion of his faithful daugh ters of New South Wales to his sacred pprson, and of their firm and mv'olable union with the Holy See — the Chair of Peter, whence the Vicar of Christ announces, both by his own words and those of his sacred pastors whom he sends forth, the words of eternal life to the remotest parts of the earth. Allow me to congratulate you on your happiness of having afforded so much consolation by your elegant gifts and filial devotion to the ' common Father of all the faithful in the midst of the troubles which afflict the Holy See. As a proof of his appreciation of your filial sentiments in his regard he was pleased to charge me to communicate the expression of his paternal re gard, together with his apostolic benediction, to yourself and to the others associated with you in this good work with their respective families. I remain, dear madam e, yours very sincerely in Christ, ' f T. Kirbt, Archbishop of Fphesus, &c.;' THE CHILDREN OP MART. Cl Rome, Irish College, ' 23rd January, 1888. ' I f ^el great pleasure in acquainting you that your address to the Holy Father safely arrived in Rome, and that I had the honour to presont it to him soon after it came to hnnd. His Holiness was greatly surprised at receiving so touching a manifestation of the filial devotion of the good Children of Mary of Sydney, accompanied by their generous pecuniary gift in honour of his Golden Jubilee. And as a faithful servitor of our Divine Lord, who showed a special predilection for youth during his mortal course, he wag pleased to authorize me to seud t.o you and to all and each of your Sodp.lity the expression of bis paternal affec tion with his Apostolic Benediction, which I hope and pray will ensure to you and your companions the graces necessary to advance daily in imitating the virtues of your celestial Patroness, the Imma culate Mother of God, and thus to merit one day to partake of her glory for endless ages in Heaven. ' Wishing you from my heart this happy con summation of the virtuous life of every true child of Mary. 'I reirain, yours very sincerely in Christ, ' T Kirby, Archbishop of Ephesus, &c.;' 