CH1l.©aEW'S. COLUMN. The Ivory Gates and Golden. By 1'unchinkli.o. ' Do you wonder where the fairie* are, 'J hat folks declare have vanished, They're very neur, yet very far. But neither dend n»r banished. They live in the same green world to-day A3 ill by-gone ages olden ; As you enter in by the ancient way, xnrougu an ivory gate ana goiuen. ' Oh, how I wish that the ivory and golden gates would open and lot mo in to the fairies, or them out to me I' oxclaimed little Jane Palmer, as she turned atray from the window of a brightly lighted drawing room, where, for some time, she had been listening to a sweet childish voice singing ' Tho Fairies.' As she lifted her heavy basket and trudged wearily along iu the fast-gathering dark ness of a winter evening, now strange fancies were surging through hor childish brain, for the words of the song had whispered wonderful thoughts to her little forlorn heart. Perhaps they were th» whisperings of fairies, for they comforted her, and made the keen frosty air less bit ing, the road less rough, and even the heavy basket appeared to grow lighter. The fairies' whisperings cheered h.r so much that bye-and-bye Jane found herself softly humming the song she had just heard— ' Some night when the sun in darkness dips, We'll seek the dreamland olden.' 'Ah I how I wish it could be to-night,'! she murmured, ' how I would love to see the beautiful gato fly open! I wonder if fairy-land is anything like I picture it— all sunshine with lovely-colored stars, and flowers, and fruits, butterflies and insects, and golden and silver birds singing, among the trees, and the fairies themselves— Oh, dear, I wonder — Suddenly Jane's wonderings were brought to a close, for a time at least, by her grand mother's harsh voice exclaiming — ' Where have you been to this hour of the night? loitering on the way as usual. I've a good mind to send you off to bed without a bit or sup. Get inside, and don't stand staring at me. You're the plague of my life, and I wish I could get rid of you for ever. Where have you been till now?' 'What's the use of telling you,' Jane' muttered, her eyes flashing fire, and her bosom swelling with passion and a sense of injustice, ' y»u wouldn't believe me ; you say I never speak the truth, so I won't tell, there.' ' How dare you speak to me like that,' the angry woman thundered, as she dealt' Jane a blow which almost staggered her ;' ' me that has kept you and fed you for a. 'GUI. IF IIC1C UUtG y/UUL UT3VlLt UUU WUUIl 1113W mischief have you been getting into ?' For some time Jane refused to speak, and struggled to keep back the sobs that were almost choking her. But at last she burst forth like a perfect little fury— ' Well, I have been standing outside tho parsonage, listening to the singing, and it' was about fairies, which I may see some night, but which you will never see ; for I heard my teacher say that wicked people never ao;ana you are wicked, ana I hate1 you — I hate you !' . In a moment the angry woman seized the child, pushed her roughly into an adjoining room, and slammed the doer. ' Now you can go to bed in the dark for your impudence.' ' She cares for nothing but the dark,' the old woman muttered, as she sat down to finish her supper. It waa true that Jane was afraid of no thing except being left alone in a dark' room, for she was a nervous, imaginative' child, full of wild, strange fancies, and would often wake from sleep withaBcreain of terror, which would bring upon her her grandmother's anger. For a time Jane cried violently, and in her passion said things which sounded terrible on the lips of a little girl, and for a little while caused her good fairy to vanish. But gradually her passion spent itself and only deep, half-stifled sobs came from the corner where she had flung herself down that she might not see the moonbeams which stole into the room through the little curtainless window, and made fantastic shadows which filled her foolish soul with vague, undefined terror. 'Oh, father! Oh, mother!' she cried, 'why did you go and leave me? (for her father and mother had died within a month of each other, a year before, when Jane was eight years old). You said the angels would take care of me, but they don't. Oh, ask them to come for ma ; I'm so lonely, and it's so dark, so dark !' Thinking of the angels reminded her of the fairies, also of the song and the singer she had heard in the afternoon. She re peated the words slowly and softly until she came to the line— 'While the innocent child with eyes undim.' The words started a new train of thought ! She forgot that she had not tasted food since noonday, that the room was bitterly cold, and that the moon had, risen high, and was flinging in those silver beams which she always fancied peopled the room with unreal forms; She. also forgot the terrible, anger whieha short time before she had felt. towards her grandmother, and which had made her eyes flash, and her frame, quiver', as she thought out various schemes .of vengeance. ' What' does ' innocent ' mean, I won der?' For some time she pondered, and at last arrived at the conclusion that it meant 'good,' for she remembered what her Sunday school teacher had told her about the ' Massacre of the Innocents,' and she concluded that those little children must have been good. 'Then I can never hope to see the fairies after all,' she murmured sadly, 'for I am awfully bad.' As she recalled the lit of temper of an hour ago and many similar outbreaks, her tears began to flow afresh. ' Oh, that I was a little child again, then I would be innocent, and might have a chance of seeing the fairies !' Child though she was, she knew that that could never, be— she must resign, the old hope^that had so. often comforted her in her sad year of ' lonely orphanhood. Then her thoughts turned;to the. angels. She could not have explained.why; nevertheless, she; 'elt that though her.many acts of naughti- .. ness had closed upon her the ivory gates and golden which guarded the entrance to fairy-land, and. tho glorious beings who inhabited tho onchanted region, it was not 30 with the angols. In spite of all her faults they would not condemn her to wander for over in a world which, young assho was, she had found cold and piti less. At length, weary and half heart-broken, Jane fell asleep and dreamed that a beauti ful fairy in glittering robes, on which, flowers were blooming and stars gleaming, came, and, taking her lovingly by tho hand, promised that if she would try and be good, seek to control hor temper, and obey her grandmother, even when she was cross and unreasonable, she would givo her yet an other chance of entering the golden gate. After kissing her, and shedding upon her a fragrance more beautiful that the scent of any flower, she turned to go. But before going she pointed heavonward. ' Always remember,' she said, ' that help cometh from beyond that blue and silver vault.' Soon after Jane awoke with a start, for she had dreamed that she was one of the Innocents, and that Herod was seeking to kill her. The terror that had seized hor in her dream gave place to a roal fear im mediately. The stiffness and pain in hor limbs, naturally caused by her cramped position on the floor, the gnawing hunger and thirst, and biting cola, were also in tensely real. Trembling from head to foot, she groped hor way to her little bed, and throwing heraelf down, buried her face in the pillow, and sobbed as only a child in deapair and pain can sob. But this time, there wus no anger mingled with her grief; her dream had en tirely subdued and softened her. The grey dawn was striving to penetrate the frosted window panes whon she again fell asleep,, firmly resolved upon striving to rank with tho3e 'innocent or 'good' children to whom it is given to see fairies. 1 ' As soon as it is lighter I shall get up, light the fire, and make grandmother a cup of tea before she gets up; then, perhaps, she will believe that I am sorry.' The next time Jane slept she dreamt that by some means, she was in her mother's presence and, begging her to coma back, for she could n»t live without her. 'I cannot come to you,' the mother replied, ' but you shall come to me I' ? Then her mother ascended a ladder, which reached up higher than the child's eyes could follow, and was soon out of sight, but the place whero she had stood was bright with that rosy and golden glow that comes with the rising sun. ; When Jane again awoke she sprang up, and, though she felt extremely weak and tired, she very, soon had a bright fire, and the water in the kettle boiling. Then she made some tea, toasted a piece of bread, and carried them to her grandmother, who had: just awoke, and said, timidly — .'Grandmother, it's so cold, so I've brought you a cup of tea and some toast ; arid please forgive me for being so wicked last night.' ? jThe grandmother who, probably, had not been dreaming of angels and1 fairies, and was still cross, was about to reply harshly, but forced back the words ere they escaped h^r lips. There was something, about the child's pale, drawn face and unnatural bright eyes that awed the heartless, unfeel ing woman, who fancied that she was dead daughter's orphan child -food, and shelter, and hover dreamed that kind words arid encouraging smiles were necessary elements in child-life. Perhaps it was the little girl's' wretched appearance, perhaps, her little act of, atonement, or probabl y both together, that touched a stray chord of feeling in old Mrs Stanley's heart, and made, hdr say, in a, /tone wonderfully, .gentle for. :lie'r, 'You should not have bothered, child thjougli I am 'very glad to have' the tea, but you are as white as a ghost. A'r« you ill, [ ['Not ill, graridmotlier,' Jane replied, 'but my head aches, and I feel very tired.','-; - , ?i !' Then get yourself a cup of tout' and,, go back to bed for a bit, you look bad enough.' , ,,;| 1 . . ?; With a full, glad heart , Jane obeyed. 'Oh,' she thought, ' if grandmother would always speak like that, it would riot be so hard to be good. I wonder if the fairies caino to her last night, too ? Oh, I am so glad but so tired !' Soon she fell into an uneasy sleep, and when some hours afterwards she awoke, her grandmother and the doctor were bend ing over her, but she knew it not. The cold, oxhaustion, and fear of the night had brought on a fever, and for many days and nights poor little Jane lay tossing about in1 pain and delirium. From the first the doctor had little hope of iher recovery, and as the days passed and she grew weaker, that little dwindled away. In her ravings, Jane spoke much of fairies, angels, and Herod's Inno cents ; and her grandmother was utterly broken down when the fever-parched lips repeated over and over again, ' I must be 'good and obey grandmother, for they said so.' And one Sunday afternoon, just as the bell was ringing for Sunday-school, the twelve gates, which are twolvo pearls, opened ; and when they swung back again there was an angel more inside and a child less outside. She who had so, of ton longed to enter ' the ivory gates and golden ' had passed through the pearly gates inte the City whose walls are of jasper, whose streets are of gold. Finis! Thagic Stohy op a Wedding Ring.— A. tragic story of a forgotten wedding ring is told in the ' Lives of the Lindseys.' When he should have been at church, Colin Lindsey, the young Earl of Balcarres, ?was quietly eating his Breakfast in nightgown and slippers. When reminded that Mauritia of Nassau was waiting for him at the altar, he hurried to church, but forgot the ring. A friend present gave him one, which he, without looking at it, placed on the bride's finger. After the ceremony was over tho countess glanced at her hand, and beheld a grinning death's head on her ring. She fainted away, and the omen made such an iirtpressiori on her, that on her recovering she declared that she was destined to die withina ve'ar— a presentiment that proba bly brought about its own fulfilment, for in a few. mbritlisT the oareless Colin was a .'widow.'er. -.?'.' , , ;. ..,,,' .. .', , .Food; for .Reflection. — Mr.iFauxpas (to his neighbor; at dinner)^— ' You must have thought , it. awfully etoopid inme to have made that remark.' Miss;Societe^-'Why,; no ; I thought it quite natural.' 