30UBNE LETT£R - ? >Iond»y>' at 1 if/^not thele^ ^ Sf finished, they ^ b e ^vr and ore a stand- ^ r ^ i e v o u s i f h country party , tbat f the two Korth k of ^ now 'if^Sfea I coutess, though a d t -•those things I 0 ® ' , Ltentlv believe, yet l " ' n f r s s ^ « » Jt fail for there is ^ ' ^ i S o n for such "/'Seday a smart enough to appre country represen- D ? <r Iwrlv against the widget into Parlia- ^hiSnof.direje vet have so m^ny interests } *tsin the premiership, su, h a work m the deft country districts, and •, 2 f(ir years the honored, and a future \- tIcn be assured to him. a a more ambitious man . ?libness of tongue, Mr. Koroit might have filled Pd have made liimselfmto every : Government r^vrernmeat that tnac ruled Victoria. But his sceilt not the wind of such loves the rural scenes lions and butter cups THE 1-U-BS, the drowsy bee . es among the clover tops. gauged birds and bees, f nature always true, aLsvmp-thisuig trees, rejecting roos of blue, rr-sii dimension never falls Btliinlafig prodigals, i convictest all our ill, i and unappeasable, are the conventionalities of In cheery old England domestic instincts are strong it has been from time imjt fashion to give -one year mourn for the dead ones nnecied with us, who had by onr sides as we strode race of life. The year of uvs not literally spent in and ashes, but there was absention for a year at least lie amusements, and from sl)y but fashionable lusts s said " war against the soul." contending that this, is the ary custom, or that in these ,nug hard and fast, it is wise ist twelve months of life sting outwardfy an unavailt. but { admit I was a bit at an incident which hapfasiiionable circles recently, s had been issued for a large few nights before the ward-to event, the mistress se, a lady, young and beauti- Tlie ball had of course to be but to some people of otians it came somewhat of learn from the cards that uence of the demise of the uestiou, the festivity had been 'or —one week. s a hideous farce in the face If-million {national surplus, ny formation day by day, in huge buildings and lavish to talk about having to prowork for the unemployed, gular old approach of winter led by the regular stereotax, have been at it again, the State live bob a day gratis. Two of these lazy "-t to the Railway Department day, and the reply one of e to a query put to him, let a iglit in on the spuriousness of p. of the movement. He of lofessed to be starving, but *ept nothing but work on his s with tools given in. He course tvied everywhere, but no employment worthy of <ance in the city. " But did r work," queried his inter- " Applied for work," he ''ain't we been agitating for ' ie B last fortnight V' Just so 5 for it. It would be diflienfiatly to define the situation, vss a little boy, my father • that races were an institu- "i for encouraging the breed Bat my father, I fear, had tastes as my ten year " "'e^our the Sydney Referee, -•i' .bourne Sportsmen, who ore about the foaliug time of iinial that has cut a figure on c l!un 1 do about poetry, who w a pound the exact weight of i1 ; onnor : Cannon, or Dinnie f their big wrestling contests, p express critical doubts if the h t l mself is not a bit of a I r f . racin g is an institution jwnffng the breed of horses, r; ot t!iS Melbourne Hunt Club I the particular day gentlemen riders, and yet at ; meeting of that "institution Wiragmg the breed of horses," tne five events were won ^kers. and not a singe winwas ^ ndden by an amateur e S , ha [ e w^aded the bar, the >the hospital, the military prof which Joan of A r c ^ a oous^ber. They have alee M»t stairs, they have sm> s fflooth-shaven youths of ^Penan epoch on the stage, ^ developed proficiency in the • * oarsmanship and lawn tut lm f been stockbrokers rlJ^Aas Miss Banker Z , proved efficient eonductfCdeTf 1 ^ ^ and n now they 10 ext u T>ate the bookmaker. For-who corild resistihefasciinattons of a feir bookmakeress with a gilt- tipped pencil—it would be sure to be ornamented somehow in -her case—a giltedged notebook, and a fourteen hundred per cent, smile." Do you think, gentle readers, if on the course after luncheon time you had to look into the depths of a pair of hazardously embaiTassingeyes of. whatever hue your fancy favored, and were asked to Back your latest dream, that you could restrain yourself froin plunging. At the last Melbourne Hunt Club meeting there was observed a lady, not in this instance a layer but a taker of odds, quietly circulating in the paddock and making round wagers with the cash bookmakers, backing the opinion of her husband, than whom "there is no more shrewd judge of horseflesh, in Victoria. The result was she scored heavily, and the cash bookmakers were greatly relieved of the weight they would otherwise have carried home with them. This is but tbe first act in ihe drama of a new development for women. In time the backer will grow with the layer of odds. I do not mean in this particular lady's case, but in those of her einulatory sisters. Only think of the social advantage this would be. Only try to realise, if your mind does not reel from the. latitude of conception, what it would be'to do business with a non-blasphemous bookmaker. 