railway comforts. [?] Sir,— After travelling for two months over a great portion of Victoria and Hoitth Australia, I returned to Sydney by the express from Melbourno last Wednesday. I was not surprised to find that a Foreign- trado policy lias becomo part of our rail- way system. Tho illustrious imported deadhead is provided by a Frco-trndo Go vernment with a special train, luxuriously fitted np at the country'a expense, white tho home article, who pays liis way nnd travels sccond-class, i.-- treated woiso than a horse, and M-rhnpa as badly as a bullock. Tho refrigerating truck that I humped along in was a weary-looking ramshackle conveyance that affirmed a desire to fall to pieces nt overy revolution of the wheel. It wna christened lusidn— P. 161), and was divided into two compact- mcnts, which, by a lesser barrier, went again divided into two. Thero was very littla room between tho seats, not that they wero wide) in fact, thoy wore so narrow tbatahelvos instead of aeata wcro a moro appropriate appellation. Tbeso ahelvcs wero covered witli n thin slab of aomo knotty substance, which was concealed from viow by a cover ing of oilcloth, that acted on mo moro powerfully aa an incentive to e dd shivers than all tho ghosts In Itookwood would if X should encounter them. Thu door did not fit at cither tho top, bottom, or sides, anil poured in sharp-odgud cur rents of air not only along tbo uncovered floor, but in every possible direction. To crown aU, in onu subdivision of the car therowcrefoarwindows, perfectly g lossless, the cntranco of tho wintry blast through whoso portals waa only feebly com bated by wooden Venetian screens. Tin-re did not by any means cxciuilu tho air, and only seemed to aggravate tho matter. Tako iuto consideration tho bounding an I jolting of thu car, tho ceaseless jarrinc vibrations, and tho violent oscillation, ntm 1 think you will agree with uo that su-r a "refrigerator" is more fitted for the cvn vcyance of Ornnge-killedmcatthnn hmn<i< beings. Coming across theso shultorliv plains with a keen wind blowing, and th thermometer nearly at freezing, in such match-bur, on a winter's night, is tryii- to men, but when delicate women ai children are compelled to share the misoi then 1 think silcnco would bo cownrdly.- Yours.Ao., AEQUO K BLACK. 