Killing No Murder. (BY " SPERO MEMORA.") .; ? -. > Yes! Nearly forty years have made ne en< . of a difference in tbis country, as you know ai ; wöll as I do-and let me tell you that is one ol v the greatest charms of colonial life-at least, fbi * us old fellows. We have the satisfaction of look . ing , round us, and thinking, if we don't say it. j. ' Well, I had a share in making Australia what it ' is.' In the old countries change is so slow, and the foundation has been laid so long ago, that the individual loses himself, and is muddled up in the crowd. But here everyone had elbow room, and oould mostly find out the mark whioh he had himself made. Some of us made precious small marks. But, for all that, we were contented with them* and 'hardly took the trouble of regretting that they weren't bigger and deeper. I found myself up at Forest Creek in '54, with a few thousands of the rarest boys any country oversaw. Barring a few diggers from California, and a very small infusión of the 'pld hand' element,'we were mostly youngsters from the olí countries--English, Irish, and Scots-and there wasn t a man of us who wasn't able to hold his own in a ' rough and tumble,' or a hard day's work- at the bottom of the shaft with pick and shovel. Many of the boys had been swells at home ; and some of them had prepared for bush life in Oxford, Cambridge, and ' Old Trinity/ Lord, how hard digging came to us at first ! Hands blistered, and backs nearly broken in twol Ugh 1 it was awful 1 But there was real grit there, boys ; and when the skin got hard, and the back began to feel more of a piece, the swells took to it kindly ; and at any rate they never funked. I had a mate then-one of the best fellows the Bun ever shone on. Poor Bob ! Bob Mullen was his name. A big, stout, strong fellow-one of those men who get into your heart Borne way or other, and once they are in never go out again. They take up their lodging there, boys ; and the ten- ancy is for just as long as the blessed old concern beats. It was a time whioh required true friends; and, to tell you the truth, I think that true friends have become scarcer since those dava. But to my story. Oar hut was built along- side the creek. It wasn't quite such an elaborate affair as the house where we live now. But, at any rate, we had made it comfortable enough for 'baching.' Near us, however,there waB a big family tent pitched one day as we came back from work 5 and Bob and I speculated as to who and what our neighbors were. Of course, WH went over, and offered our assistance to the old man and his son when we saw them in a muddle; and in a short time we made friends without much trouble on either side. And in that tent 1 met my fate. I'm too old now to hark back and tell yon a love story, because, though the romance of- love is all very well when a fellow can stroke a fluffy moustache on his upper lip, it is not quite as appropriate when he scratches a gray pate, Mary Gardiner was a woman made to be loved ; and I fell down and worshipped her. " About a couple of months affair this our lnok was anything but good. We had Bunk a shaft by the side of the creek; and it turned out 'a rank duffer.' Neither of us was much of a money grubber ; and our reserve was uncommonly small. It was no joke living at that time without money or dust-things were so awfully dear. Even tucker cost a fellow no end of money; and, though there were open hands in plenty, and open hearts too, we weren't the men to 'sponge/ It was a blue look-out for a while, I can tell you. At last we decided to proapeot in one of the northern gullies; and the next day we started out with pick, Bhovel. and diBh. Prosnectiner ia a bit dishearten ing, unless you drop upon something good. For two or three days we never saw ' the color; ' and we came home with our tails down to the very ground. At length our patience was rewarded. We happened to be sitting down, eating nur tucker on the hill looking down over Moonlight Flat, when Bob, as he was getting up, struck the point of the pick into the ground, and turned up a speck of about £dwt. You may take your Davy we weren't long setting to work on the spot ; and before evening we had done a fair lot of sinking. ' We went home with light hearts ; and Mary gave us a welcome worth something when we brought her the news. Well, we worked hard, and lived hard; and our, prospects grew pretty bright again. In fact, our claim .promised to become a very rion one as, indeed, it turned out to be. Sunday on the diggings in the early fifties wasn't muon like what it is in the later eighties, I can tell yon. It was the day for washing and general tidying, for cards and nips of whisky and rum, and for general strolling about among the grand old gum trees which lined the sloping sides of the hills, and oast scanty shadows on the rich earth. Now, when you stroll oat without any special objeot you insensibly indine to some place in whioh you have an interest ; and so one Sunday Bob and I were out we turned in the direotion of our claim. When we reached the rise of the hill we were astonished to hear a regular yabbering from the shaft; and when we approached twenty or thirty dirty Chinamen went off quietly on the opposite side. They were the first of the yellow rascals we had seen about, and as thoroughly ruffianly a lot they were as any man could wish to see in a day'B travel. There was especially one scowling brute, and, you may believe me or not, when this fellow turned to look at us I felt that strange shiver one feels now and then, and which we describe as someone walking over one's grave. ' Blame their carcases,' said Bob ; ' what do the beasts want here ?' Wesearohed all round, and found our little property untouched; and gradually I reasonod myself out of my fanoy. A, drop of rum when wo reaohed home, and afterward a quiet 'spoon' with Mary, made me all right again ; so that before another week the whole circumstance had dropped from my mind. In about a fortnight or so I took a stroll by myself on Sunday evening, and again found myself in the neighborhood of the claim. I may tell you we had bottomed o I first-olnsa stuff, and everything looked brigh 1 again. In fact, it had been deoided that whei j we had tried tho dirt and found that it was equa j to our expectations, Mary and I should go dow] to Melbourne and become man and wife-a nie little ' proBpeot/ which made me doubly anxioui about the other 'prospect.' You can fanoj then what I felt when, as I came near, I saw th« same dirty yellow mob yabbering away, anc hauling up the stuff as fast as they could frorr the bottom of the shaft. You maybe sure thal I made at them with a good-sized blackthorn stick in my hand. They took to their heels. 1 was gathering up the shovels and picks whioh were lying about, when I saw the same ugly looking fellow whom I had noticed before coming out of the shaft. I was as angry as a man could be, and determined to give him as good a thrash- ing as ever a yellowskin got in the world. The beggar squared off at me ; and, as he had a pick in his hand, and the others were coming np again when they Baw I was alone, things began to look shady. He let out with the pick j and luokily he only struck the shovel. Well, how it occurred I can scarcely tell you. The whole thing was done quickly. Hut my shovel came down on the beggar's neck ; and he fell as if he was shot, with the blood spurting out of one of the arteries like a pump, lt is a queer feeling one has after wounding seriously another mortal. For a minute I believe I should have given my half of the claim if that fatal stroke had been undone. But it was done; and I had to make the best of it. The other fellows gathered round the wounded man, and after a while carried him off. Just then by chance a bobby marched up ; and the upshot of it was that I found myself in the camp that beautiful Sunday evening chained to a log and about the most down-hearted man in Victoria. Of course both Mary and Bob came to see me; and the stookade waa surrounded by a few hundred diggers-most of them swearing vengeance against all the " Johns" in Australia. Gaols were primitive affairs then. A prisoner waa brought into the stookade-and with drunks and unlicensed diggers there was no scaroity of them-and he was just hitched to a heavy log, and left there. I can safely say that never before or Bince did I spend such a miserable night after the noise of the camp had ceased, and there wasn't a sound except the yelp of some cur, or the mournful ory of the curlew. I had often enough camped out with the same sounds all round me. But I hadn't killed a Chinaman ; and my dreams were all about a huge river of blood getting higher and higher until it threatened to drown me. Well, the next morning the news came that Ah Hooey was dead ; and the news did not make my position anything pleasanter.. I must tell you that at that time the relations between the authorities and the diggers were anything but cordial. The tyranny to whioh miners had to submit wasn't calculated to make and keep them loyal ; and you know that the Ballarat men actually took up arms to fight against it. The police magistrate at the Creek at that time was one of those fellows who took a delight in doing their duty as harshly as they possibly can ; and he was as well hated by the diggers as he deserved to be. And that is saying much. He had to make an inquiry about the Chinaman's death; and he thought it a good opportunity of having ! a shy at one of the hated diggers. A jury was I got together ; and it gave in its verdict of ' ¿oath through misadventure,' The foreman of the jury was a graduate of Cambridge ; and the ' mis- adventure ' part of the verdict was laid down to him ; and, 1 understand, quite correotly. Now, such a verdict would have justified the P.M. in setting me free ; but that wasn't his opinion. 1 was brought back to the logs, under the pretence that instructions had to be waited for from Melbourne; and another night of horror was before me. My darling Mary, and my chum almost equally dear, did ail they could to oonsole me. But I was as blue as blue could be ; and they at last went off-Bob say- ing that he should seo whether anything could be done. Now, there was hardly a man in the whole oamp, with the exception of the P.M., whose sympathies were not entirely with 1 me. Both the police and the soldiers did what I they could to make my position easier; but the prospect of stioking tied to a loar until inatruc I tiona could be received from Melbourne, and afterward having to stand one's trial perhapB for murder, was anything but pleasant for a young fellow of Borne 25 years of age ; and, I can tell I you, I hadn't much hope of anything better turn , ing up. Well, my friend Bob had an acquaintance in the police. He was a friend of mine too. An« how they concooted it between them I don' know. Bat that night Bob got over the Stockad« fence; and my tackle was loose in a short time We didn't stop to swap knives then, you may bel your last half-crown. The sentinel was blind foi the minute ; and we were over the Btioks in s twinkling. The soldier fired when he caught sight of us, hut I am sure that he had no inten- tion of hitting. After one kiss from Mary we were away, and got safe through the bush across Mount Alexander. I needn't tell you of other adventures we had at the various ' rushes/ We worked through several, sometimes with good luck, and sometimes with bad. At last we went to Ballarat ; and there Host my dear friend. Bob was going past a shaft one day, when he learned that it had fallen in ; and, like the brave fellow he was, he was the first to go down to the help of the men buried beneath the earth. Poor fellow, he had scarcely reaohed the bottom when another mass fell, and pinned him down. I hap* pened to be goiner down what is now oalled Bridge-Btreet when I Baw the litter on which they were bringing him to the hospital. When he saw me his eyes brightened up ; and the awful film for a moment cleared away. 'Kiss me, Jack/ he whispered; and with that last kiss poor Bob passed away. Ay, boys, it was hard wasn't ibf How hard it was no one but myself will ever know. Well, I prospered in Ballarat. I lost no time in sending for Mary ; and we were married. How happy we have been you can learn from herself; and she deserved all the happiness I could give her. But I haven't told you the most curious part of the whole business-whioh makes the story worth telling. I never cared about think- ing of Forest Creek. There was very little of a row kioked up about my escape ; for people oared precious little about a confounded Chinese; and I don't suppose, if I had gone back ina couple of months, that a single word would have been said to me, as my friend the P.M. had been removed. Still, I couldn't like the place some- how ; and I never could get along with the chaff of my mates about ' Who killed the Johnny P* and all that sort of stuff. After some years, how- ever, I heard of a good opening for investment at the Creek ; and after considerable mental debate I determined to make a visit. What changes had been made ! I should scarcely have known the place ; and I had considerable difficulty in even making out the old landmarks. One day I was lounging at the hotel door when I noticed a Chinaman coming down the street with a pair of baskets swung on the cane. He had a peculiar twist in his neck j but his ,face had been impressed too vividly on my memory for me to forget it. It was my Chinaman, and no other. They are BO confoundedly like each other that, as a general rule, it is hard to distinguish them apart. But, as I had seen the fellow in my dreams on an average twice a fortnight or so, I could not be mistaken if anyone else could. There he was, or his ghost; and ghosts are not given to carrying panniers. It might be a twin brother, to be sure ; but it was too much to expect that any two would he so infernally ugly. I thought, too, that when he caught my eye the fellow looked surprised ; and at any rate I was determined to satisfy my- self it about before I left the place. Now China- men, as a rule, are not much regarded by white folk; and, unless that they are dirty devils, and -would live where a European would starve, we know little about them. The police are the excep- tion ; and I wasn't long in getting Sergeant Froude to give me his assistance. The sergeant was one of those oute customers who are so useful in the force, and who keep a sharp eye upon all the pretty fellows who might reoMre^attention. He at once spotted my man, and knew him under the name of Lee Hooey. But, of course, whether he waa Lee or Ah the sergeant could not tell, as he had been only a short time stationed at the Greek, and knew nothing about the 'misadventure' until I told him. Some of you may think it strange that I took auch a lot of trouble ; but I can tell you when you kill a man-even a China- man-it leaves a queer feeling after it; and, if possible, I wanted to get rid of tho feeling. The sergeant was a brick. Lee Hooey was no credit- able member of society, even in tho Chinese camp ; and the police had him under their thumb. By dint of threats, and also by the coaxing of a few of my nuggets, he was induced to confess the whole affair ; and when I heard the story I was blessed nearly finishing the job there and then. Lord, how mad I was when I thought of all the trouble we had had, when I thought of the worry and remorse (undo« served though it was), when I thonght of poor Bob and his last words on eartb. To tell you the truth, if I could have finished him off I believe it would have been a thorough relief. It seems that they had carried him off, and oured him themselves. It was a nasty crack. There was no doubt about it. And, as ono of the mob died the evening before, they manufactured the corpse for the occasion. I don't suppose it was a pleasant thing for either the police, the magistrate, or the jury. So the examination was of the shortest ; and no one suspected any trick. The blackguards had a double Btring to their bow-a bit of revenge they had on the one side-and as we were driven off the ground tbeyhad the reversion of our claim.. A splendid claim it turned out to be ; and many's the good solid ounce of our gold found its way to the Flowery Land. That's the Btory, boys; and you may judge whether I am likely to have muoh love for the yellow plague which we have with us muoh against our will. 