j ¥gg ST0EYTE1AI&. The Strange Adventures of a House-boat. By William Black. CHAPTER XII. ?? And in that Manor now no more In cheerful feast and spnehtly ball ; For eve 6incc that dr?Sy b°Ul\y .1 Have spirits haunted Cumnor Hall. « The village maids, -with fearful glance, Avoid the ancient moss-fjrown wall ; xw»rpr lead the merrv dance ? Among the groves of Cumnor Hall. « Full manv a traveller oft hath sighed. And pensive wept the Countess' fall, *« wandering onwards they've espied AST™Srf towers of Cumnor Hall,' WT j|P OUR servant, Colo t^.^F nel ! ' says a tall and yM slim young lady, as ?j she appears at the ? -- 1] door of the saloon, and *? makes a very fair imi (&&/ tation of a military fcjfl salute. HHI^ But if Mrs. Threc m-'* ? pennybit— or Colonel Anne, as she is sup posed to be— has any wish to check the young person's imper tinence, it so happens that she has just had the means placed at her disposal. J, 'Lookhere, Peggy,' she says, ' Mr. Dun combe has been over to tbrtowa and was' kind enou8h to ask for letters. This atit for you ; and the postmark is Oxford.' «0h thank you,' Miss Peggy says to the young man ; 'I'm sure I never should have thought of asking for letters at Warwick ; I told them Stratfordon Avon ; for 1 suppose we awui ».»j ^^ - — j ''But, Peggy,' says Mrs. Threepennybit again, (: the postmark is Oxford; what friends have you in Oxford?' 'It may be a bill,' she says carelessly, as the takes' the envelope in her hand and pro ceeds to open it, 'though I thought we had paid for everything. Oh, no, it's from Mr. A'Becket.' She ran her eye over the two or three pages iu a negligene fashion. fl Oh— he can't get away at present— did I tell you he spoke of coming over to Warwick to see how we were getting along?— and — and there are some inscriptions in a church in Bath that we are to look at— and Gloucester Cathedral— coloured figureB on tombs — oh, I dare say we shall find all that in the guide books. Then there are kind regards and re membrances to everybody— that's all.' She put the letter into her pocket with a fine air of indifference. Mrs. Threepennybit said not a word. Murdoch came in with breakfast ; and presently we were all at table. Now, Miss Peggy was in the highest spirits ; perhaps because of the unwonted brightness and cheerfulness of the morning, perhaps because she was looking forward with an eager interest to this ancient town we were about to enter. All her talk— which chiefly consisted of questions— was of earls and tournaments and crusades ; of Simon De Montfort and Piers Gaveston, and the ' black hound of Arden;' of pleasances and moats and battle ments. 'It will be just splendid!' she exclaimed. 'Oh, you don't understand a bit— you can't understand ; why, all that mediaeval time reads to me like a fairy tale; it is so far away; it isn't real ; you can't believe in it. But when. you come *to see the actual walls— the towera built by So-and-So and So-and-So— the tilting- yard — the gardens— the great kitchens —and all that, then you begin to think that the things actually happened, and that 'lie tremendous festivities really took place. |»y» now, how big must that round table have been that could let a hundred knights and a hundred ladies sit down to dinner all at once?' Naturally we look to Jaok Buncombe for the desired information. He v as smart at figures ; 'he calculation was not an abstruse one ; and to ought to have sympathised with the laudable curiosity shown by our young Ameri can Wend. Perhaps he did not hear ; perhaps to was in a resentful mood ; anyhow, he took n» notice of her question. Indeed, it was Peat to all of us that throughout this meal lie ?''?s Qost unusually pre-occupied and silent ; ^athen, some time thereafter, we had packed * w» things together, and were ready to set lortn for the town, he did not offer to accom Pany MisB Peggy (who was first ashore as 'SU«I), but hung behind and followed with his 'ostess. So far as we could hear, theconver !*™n between these two was of a somewhat 'ntennittent character— though Queen Tita was courteous as ever ; for her quarrels are soon J™w. and not a word had been said about Prince UttrI» all the morning. J-Jutaafor this Rosslyn girl, as we walked to3 v Plea8ant country road towards the ^ sue appeared to have taken leave of her Zjv8 'together. Perhaps the unaccustomed ?wight had got into her brain ; perhaps she fn!eu3oyinS a fiwce delight in her release -mh ~? 8trict soTTOillaiicB that hemmed her in 'wara the Nameless Barge; at all events, a fm,r!i ? e could not that morning have been lj~? Wlthin the shores of these three islands. ttTio .°°nuiidrums she was busy with. i?,,™ had got them— or whether she had butat !m hei?elf— it was impossible to say; 'r»nn!v her implacable persistence in pro :&fif; them there could be no doubt. no '? ot|4ftrowing her over the fence there was 'iolioal ? ? ^P6 from her- **& wnat a dia' aadjrif?eeinu4ty ran through those insanities ; Krims ? ^flRSW^We innocence— with what tvjjj^V^^iyrBmiling lips, and grave, sweet ' Cam ^W1u«l,'her maddening questions ! ' Oh ?' now' * *'' Sive you an easy one ' — find it out nftll-V **'* J* ' a verv suapk one— even you might Herpn Con»eaow,haye-a.try. I wouldn't give in, if fcennev^ l ™ttW%a a try, anyway. 1 thought ^vertobe^6/6-^14 °f ajl?iiW1£'- at leas* ^7 pretend ufe^theVarc. Sometimes they are *fnl& of ^ witV, ^ ^ they find taenisehrea in a lonely country « i *'h a creature gone mad.' ' ?««t §P?feyoii think, that is sarcasm. Well, never *«torfinar;?e *'! now-Why is Lord Wolseley the most ..^jy General ttat ever lived? » , ' I X ° y^.^ow about Lord Wolseloy ! ' l ea think ii; a Slmpl° question, and you can't answer it. hlt ? \v»ii in, ves ^ clever— and vet you can't answer ' en, 1 11 tell you. I'll hive pity on you. I wouldn't leave you to worry your head all day about a simple thing like that. It's because he not only took Cairo, but Damietta.' ' Look here, young lady, let 111c give you a soleuiu warn ing ; those people are not more than six yardo behind, and if you don't take care, you'll be getting: ' what tor.' How would you like to be sent back to the boat, and shut up on bread and water ? ' ' 1 did think you could answer a simple question,' the demon continues; but suddenly she alters her tone. 'Well, now, what kind of a building is that ? ' We had come in view of a remarkably handsome struc ture, close to the roadside, but most picturesquely em bowered in foliage — the fragrant lilac trees in full blossom, being chiefly conspicuous. ' 1 should, say if. was a gaol.' 'A gaol? Oh, I suppose thny ought ro make the out side oi: a gaol attractive. That's moral. The outside of a gaol ought to be the lr.ost attractive side of it. Say, don't you feel a kind of satisfaction in going past a gaol— on the outside?' ' 1 don't know that I do.' ' That isn't the feeling you have? Perhaps u's rather more a kind of surprise.' ' Very good- very good ; we arc getting on. This is what the young people of the present day call manners. This is their respect for age. 1 shouldn't bo surprised to see two shebears come out from behind those bushes and rend you in bits.' ' I say,' she continues — just as if this suddenly confi dential appeal were the most natural thing in the world, ' what is the matter with Mr. Duncombe ? ' ' You, most likely.' ' What do you mean ! ' ' Well, ho may have been forming exalted ideas of the feminine character — young uien ure soft-headed enough to do that sometimes, you know. And then — and then — he may have seen a lady unblushingly open a letter — yes, and read the contents aloud, too — a letter from a middle-aged Oxford don whom she has bamboozled out of his senses in the course of a couple of evenings. He may have been shocked by such a display of callousness ? ' ' Oh nothing of the sort. Don't you mako any mis take,' says Miss Peggy, with decision (and it may be ad inittod that she has observant eyes). 'There is some thing troubling him— something serious.' ' Perhaps it'n Prince Charlie.' ' Well, how could he be so stupid as to bring up lhat — that absurd story again and again, when he ought to have seen he was vexing your wife?' says Miss Peggy, who seems to have recovered her snnity. ' And I'm sure eho is right. Tbera must have been something: fine and heroic about tho young Prince; or he couldn't have won the hearts of all those people in such aj fashion. I think — yes, I think if I had been with those Edmonstone girl*, I should have been a little bit envious, too— of the cousin, I mean.' 'Really? Another convert to thfi white cockade ?'' 'What do you think,* now. about that letter last night?' she continues. 'Do you think she has asked Colonel Cameron to come and sail with us for a bit ? — you know she was hinting at it.' ?? More likely she has written to tell him we shall be re jturafflg through the southern counties, aud asking him if he would iG&ro; to ride over from Aldershot, when we are at some Bear point, and lunch with us. That is more likely, I fancy. But why do you ask ? Have you any curiosity about him, simply because he is a Cameron, and related to some of the people who \yerp put in the '45 ?' 'Why, of course!' she says, with a quick glance of surprise. ' It makes all those things seem eo much more near and actual. But I don't think I could ever get ? t you to udderstand — I mean, how it strikes anyone brought ^ up in America. By the way, sometimes I hear your wife 3 speaking of him as 'lnrcrfask'; is that tho way he is I ordinarily addressed?' _ 1 ' No, not ordinarily. His neighbours in the north would call him ' Inverfask.' Then the people on his own ] place speak of him as ' The Cornel.' Tlien he is ' Ewen ' to his family ; and ' Cameron ' to his inmates, and ' Sir j Ewen' or 'Colonel Cameron 'to acquaintances; so that you have plenty of variety, you see.' ; ' And you always put ' V. C ou the envelope, if you 1 are writing to him ? ' asks this diligent student of old world ways. ' Generally.' ' Is he so very proud of it ':' ' Tiiere is not much vanity about the Cornel. But the Victoria Cross is the proudest thing that an Englishman can wear : and it is open to any soldier to win — the private in the ranks us well as his ollicer.' ' For some special act of courage in battle ?' she con tinufis thoughtfuly. ' I think if 1 were a inau I should be proud to have tha't ; and you might say it was vanity if you liked. It is curious what different ambitions people have. I suppose, now, what Mr. Dunconibo mostly thinks about is being called on the stage after the production of a play, and having all the critics praise it next morning.' ' If Mr. Duncombe doesn't mind,' one says to her, 'the critics will arise and tear him peacemeal. i hear he has been writing an article on the present lamentable condi tion of the British drama, and no doubt he puts all the mischief down to those bold, bad, heartless men.' 'What is Colonel Cameron like?' she asks, with a suddenness which shows how little concerned she is about the condition of the British or any other drama. ' When you see him. you will probably call him a long, red-headed Scotchman— that's about all.' ' llather blunt— and — and overbearing1, is her ' 'Overbearing! lie comes of (he same stock as 'the gentle Lochiel.' ' ' And yet the Camcrons are a fighting race, aren't they ? — there ure so mauy references ? ' ' Oh, yes, they have done a little in tlmt way— now and again — during the past century or two.' ' I should Jike to see him,' she says simply ; and then her attention is claimed by tho buildings of the town or Warwick, which lies before us. And, indeed, it is quite a pleasant task to be cicoronft to this young American person, us we go along those wide, quiet old-fashioned streets ; for her quickappreciation of anything shown her — especially if it have any kind of historical in terest — needs no spurring; while she herself has a sharp eye for any ancient gateway or similar relic surviving among ? more modern stonework. Moreover, she is now introduced tot the first time to the Warwickshire cottage of brick and timber, with its overhanging eaves, its peaked gables, and it6 casements studded with its small green panes. And nothing will do for Miss Peggy but that to one of those old houses — to this one, she says, or that ono over there— William Shakspeare UEea often to come on a visit, or perhaps on business. Of course lie would ride over from Stratford (she says) and come up this very street ; and pull up his horse just there— bv the side of that causeway ; ana give the bridle to a lad to hold; and then go up those steps to the door. Would that be the same knocker— that knocker there ? Or, most likely, in this quiet place, the door would be open ; he would simply walk in and call for the people of the house. ' Yes,' said Miss Pe?;gy, contemplatively. ' I think he would have rather a loud voice— being good-humoured and merry— and the people mightn't be there— he would call for hem. And the first thing he would do, on recognising the roice, would be to hurry away one of the maids to fetch a ug of ale and some cakes. Cecily and Dorothy, it might jc, and I suppose she would run quickly. I should, if in ler place ? ' ' Peggy, whatever are you staring at ?' says Mrs.' Three penny-bit, happening to come up at this moment. ' Oh, nothing,' tue girl answers— rather absently— and goes on again. But when it came to be a question of churches, choirs, monuments, mural inscriptions, and so forth, one found one's occupation entirely 'gone. It was Miss Peg'gy who was guide. It was she who took us to the tomb of xtiomas, Eari ot Warwick, and knew all about his having fought in the Holy Land, and at Cressy and Poictiers. It was she who discovered for us the sarcophagus buaring the words — ' l-'ulke Greville, Servant to Queen Elizabeth. Counsellor to King James, and Friend to Sir Philip Sidney.' And when we came to the two marble figures of the Earl and Countess of Leicester, she knew that it was not the hapless Amy Robaart who was lying there in the silence, her hands clasped in stony prayer, but Leicester's third wife, Lettico Knowles. We had no idea that this young American stranger had been so diligent a student. It quite reconciled us (after many iong years of abstention) to tig-uring- in the capacity of tourists. Aud her interest in these old things was so fresh, so natural, and so unstinted, that it was beautiful to look at. Even when we had got back to our hotel to lunch, she was all eagerness and chattel about what she bad seen and what she was going to see. But the equanimity of our small party was now about to receive an unexpected shock. We were discussing plans. Wo had discovered that the Avon is not navigable between Stratford and Tewkesbury ; and so had resolved to get round to the Severn by the Warwick and Birmingham Canal. Meanwhile we could certainly get by canal as far as Stratford ; but as we should have to turn back there, it was proposed, in order to avoid going over this part of the route twice, to send on the Nameless Barge under care of Captain Columbus, while we should run through to Strat ford by rail (thus giving Miss Peggy as much time there ub possible) and then join the ship again, to continue our voyage northward and westward. What, then, was our astonishment to hear Jack Duncombe calmly say to his hostess, who had been putting some questions to him : 'lam afraid, if it comes to that, I must ask you to leave me out. I — I am very sorry — but I fear I shaft have to go back to town. Of course, it isn't like breaking-up tue party— you can easily get some one to take my place. 1 assure you I am sorry enough to go, for the trip so far has been most delightful : and you will soon be getting to even. more interesting- districts ; but I think — yes, I think it will I be 6afer if you count me out.' For a second there was an awkward silence : Mrs. Three ponny-bit seemed afraid to ask him the reason for this sudden resolve. 'lnope it is notumg serious:' sue ven tured to say, however. ' Oh, no, I think not,' he said evasively ; and then he added : 'I should fancy you would find it all plain sailing now until you get to the Severn; and then you'll want a steam - tug or something of the* kind to take you down to Bristol. I will get to know whether'the Thames and Severn Canal is navigable, in case you should prefer to return that way, and drop you a line. The Kennct and Avon Canal, 1 know, is open.' He was talking in quite a matter-of-fact fashion ; but he seemed depressed a little. Then, when luncheon was over, he said he would walk ialong to the telegraph office, and join us subsequently at the Castle, whither we were shortly bound. At the same moment Miss Peggy went away to her own room, to fetch her guide-books ; and the instant she had shut the door behind her, Queen Tita was free to express her astonishment — and her sus picions. ' Now really do you think that wretch has been at her tricks again ?' she demands. ' What wretch ? What tricks?' ' 'Why, what should he be going away for so suddenly if he hadn't quarrelled with her?' she says. ' What other reason can there be ? Oh, 1 know she was pretending to behave very well ; and you would have thought there was nothing between them but ordinary aequnint anceship — well, I don't know — he has been very devoted— and all 1 cared about it was lhat no blame could fall on me — it would have been a very good match if it had been a match. Hut what can this mean ? Surely he can't be so hard hit that he must needs be mightily offended because she has been amusing herself a little with Mr. A'Becket — and getting a letter or two ? ' 'You don't imagine he is such a fool; what could it matter to him her getting twenty dozen letters from Mr. A'Becket ? ' ' Oh, you don't know. She is pretty clever at leading people on— even when she pretends to be most innocent. And if it isn't that, what is it?' demands this creature again, whose very ignorance she brings forward as nn argu ment. 'However, if he wishes to go, 1 sup pose we must let him go. And it would be such u chance to get Colonel Cameron to com? alooj; ' His Royal Highness the Commanderin Chief might have a word to say,' it is humblv observed. 'Oh, that's all right; they can always pet leave,' bays our Commander-in-Chief. ?' That letter I posted to him this morning- — well, it. was only a general kind of invitation— asking him if he would care to come and see us in voyage at any point in the south there ; but 1 could telegraph and tell him we had now a spare berth tor him, if he wished to join at oiice. He will get the letter to-morrow, I suppose ? We shall be at Stratford. Wouldn't that do very well, if i telegraphed from Stratford to morrow or next day?' Now observe, that is the gratitude of women. Here was a young man who had taken unheard-of trouble in arranging this expedition ? for us, and who had promised himself in re ward the enjoyment of a long idling holiday in this ghostly-nomadic fashion ; and when he is suddenly arrested in mid-career, and signs an order for his own dismissal, she doesn't pro test ar all, or entreat him to stay, or make decent expression of regrets-she immediately seizes the opportunity t» send for a substitute more to her liking. And why more to her liking? Because she has some foolishly roman tic sentiment about Bonnie Prince Charlie, and wants to convince her young American ac quaintance—through being introduced to ono of the Camerons — that i'rince Charles Edward was a gallant hero, and one of the most hardly entreated of mortals. Such is woman's grati tude—and woman's logic. Jack Duncombe might go if he wished and welcome, if onlv she could got Cameron of Inverfask to take Irs. place. This was the result of our yourg Dramatist's unfortunate vaunting of his Airier! project. Peggy must sep the kind of men who went out in the '45 to fnlW iiio vrhSte. cockade of the Cheyah r. ?Jor had Mrs. Tomtit any regard either for the interests of England; Sir Ewen Cameron' must needs be summoned away from his serious duties a'( Aldershot — all to convince this young minx of an American. And when that daughter of' the Stars and Stripes reap? peared— as she did ahno6t directly— one was almost ashamtd to see how radiant and oheerful and self- complacent she was. Even supposing that she had nothing to do with the youDg man's so suddenly psrtingcompany with us, at least shemight have affected some little sorrow. If compunction was out of »he question, if her heart was incapable of experiencing any suctf emotion, at least she could have said it was a pity be was CW- Had he not been her devoted slave all the way through? Had he not mended pencils for her, and toned the banjo strings, and earned her wraps for her with the most patient assiduity r It is true she did casually mention his goin? and expressed to us the hope that, whai ** We had come in view .of g. ytmarkably handsome structure, most pietimsauely embowered in foliage.'? — Chapter XII., fgjs Strange Adventures of a Hocse- bo^t. ever might be the cause, we should find him returning to f the Nameless Barge later on in our wanderings. But she was plainly all eagerness to be off to Warwick Castle ; and she got hold of Mrs. Threepenny-bit by the arm, and ? dragged her down the staircase and out into the open thoroughfare with an ostentation of affectionate com panionship which was perhaps just a little bit uncalled-iur. For, after all, they didii t know their way, and it served them right that they had 10 pull up and ask. One did not wish to triumph over them, of course— although Miss Peggy's glance of defiant malice had a sort of challenge in it — but still it was pointed out to them that the formation of secret societies was a futile thing as amongst women, and that they would do much better not to profess a mystery that didn't and couldn't (by reason of their tongues) exist. 'We found Jack Duneombe at the gateway, but before going in he begged the women-folk (for he still kept up the pretence of being their escort, despite his preoccupied looks and his imminent departure), he begged them to ac company him a little way down Mill-street, wneie lie assured them they would get a very striking view of the castle. Striking, indeed, it was ; it almost looked as if it had been, designed by a drawing-master ; the great gray frontage, with Ciesar's Tower and Guy's Tower, rising into the pale blue and white of the sum mer sky ; and all around the base of the mighty walls akind of fringe of picturesquenoss — the yellow waters of the Avon (lowing between ricli green meadows, a broken bridge whose buttresses were masses of ivy, a delapidated mill-wheel, tmd some tumble-down old cottages of brick aDd limber. But one has observed, before that it is rarely the picturesqueness of the place that at tracts Miss Peggy; it is rather the human interest of it ; and as we'aic walking back to the main entrance she says to the person who happens to be her companion for the time being — ' I suppose, now, you think I ought to be struck by the great age of a castle that was founded by a daughter of Alfred the Great. Well, it is quite Ihe opposite. These things seem to bring far-back centuries quite close up ; and you begin to imagine that the time has not been so long, and long, and long as it ulwav6 appeared to be. I remember I used to think of everything you read about in the New Testament as having happened ages and ages ago— as being quite seoarated and away from us— it all seemed to have no kind of connection with the actual existing world : well, you come and see a place like this standing before you, and you are told that King Alfred's daughter began to build the fortress in 900 and something— why, that's half-way back— that is, half-way back to all that took place by the side of the Lake of Galilee. That seems very strange, somehow.' Her speech was rather incoherent ; but one could make out some glimmering of what she meant. And it was also interesting to notice how, inside the castle— in those magni ficent halls stored with costly treasures gathered from ail parts of the world— she turned with comparative indifference from buhl and ormolu, from marqueterie tables and Indian bowls and Etruscan vases, to pay curious attention to the portraits. She would stand riveted before this one or that — Mary, Queen of Scots, it might be, or Anne Boleyn, or the Marquis of Montrose, or Charles I. —apparently striving- to road into their features something of what she knew of their his story. Hut, of course, she was greatly charmed by the situation of Lady Warwick's boudoir— with its windows overlooking the magnificent trees and the winding valley of the Avon ; and here it was that Queen Tita came forward and took the girl b}' the hana and led her out on to a small stone balcony. ' Here is a view for you, Peggy,' she said. ' And, do you know, I nm certain this was the kind of snug corner that Liidy Mary Anne hud all to herself, where she could look down on the young fellows playing at the ball. I suppose j-ou don't know that ballad ? — O, Lady Mary Anne looked owre the castle wa', She saw three bonny buys playing at the ba', And the youngest iimong them was the flower o' them a' ; 51y bonny laddie's young, but he's growing yet. I think she must have been an audacious young lady ; do you know what she eaid ? — O father, O father, and yc think it fit, We'll send him a year to the college yet; We'll sew a green ribbon round about his )iat, And that will let them ken he's to marry yet. T.ut she vas young herself— so says the ballad — I.ady Mary Anne was a flower In the devr, Sweet was* its Hi.ell and bonnie was its hue, And the Linger it blossomed, the sweeter it prow; For the lily in the bud will be bonnier yet.' ' And were they married when he came back from college 'i ' asks Miss Peggy. 'Oh, 1 Buppose so. But the ballad-maker doesn't wait, to tell : it, was the figure of the Lady Mary Anne in the balcony that took his fancy. And sure!}' it must have been just such another balcony as this — opening from her own boudoir' ? ' Who was she? ' asks Miss Peggy, again. ' I'm sure 1 don't know. Perhaps she never existed. Perhaps she was nothing but a dream— a fancy of some rustic poet. 'Oh, no: it is better to think she was a real person — I don't care about dreams.' pays Miss Peggy ; and therewith she comes in from the balcony — she and' her frieiid — and they resume their slow perambulation of the splendid halls. When we got back to our hotel— after having rummaged ihrough one or two bric-a-brac shops, that are well known to lovers of useless furniture and cracked plates — we found a telegram lying on 'he table addressed to our young play wright. He took it up and opened the envelope. ' Yes,' he said, 'it is as I feared. I must go back to town to-morrow.' ' So soon as that?' said Queen Tita; and — despite the fact that her small brain was busy with thoughts ot the coming of Colonel Cameron — she managed to put a little decent regret into the words. 'Yes,' he said, ''it; is rather a nuisance. You know, you have all been so kind as to let me engineer this trip in a kind of u way, and I should like to have seen it through. But really I don't think you will have any trouble now. There will be those long tiinnels, of course '; but Columbus should be able to get you through without difficulty. And in going down the Severn you will choose a smooth day, naturally' ? ' Oh/but don't look at your going from that point of view only,' remonstrates Queen Tita, in a very kindly way (considering what he had said about Prince Charlie). ' I have no doubt we shall get on well enough. But we had hoped you would do with us all the way along:; it seems such a pity your having to break off in the middle,' ?? Yes, I don't'niuch like it,' said he, and surely if any falling out with Miss Uosslyn had prompted his going, he was now acting indifference very well indeed. ' You will be coming to the best of it soon. I should liketo have passed a night or two in the Forest of Arden, in that vagabond way, and then go down the Severn, and the Kennet and Avon.' Now bore Miss Peggy thought fit to strike in. 'Frriuips her heart (\l any) smote her a little. He had done his best to amuse her during all this time; he had let her into his literary confidences, had produced aphorisms for her ; had (nlas !) revealed to her his dramatic ambitions ; and had told her the names of our English wild-flowers, so far as he knew them, which was not very far. And so she says, as she is pouring out a cup of tea for him. ?'But can't you come back later on, Mr. Duneombe? 'Why, it will be quite different without you. We shall feel quite lost and lonely.' ?? It's very good of you to say bo,' he makes answer (and, if he is offended with the young lady, he certainly conceal? it admirably). ' As for the coming back, the case stands this way. You ought to fill up my place — and you should have little difficulty if your friends mew what this way of travelling was like — 1 say you ought to fill up my place, for it is better to have an additional hand to take the tiller at times. Well, then, you see, even if I should come back later on, I should find my berth occupied ? ' ' But, look here, Mr. Duneombe,' says Mrs. Three pennybit, who, on the assumption that her. Highlander friend will soon be with us, can afford to be a trifle generous, ' if that were so, couldn't you manage somehow? I nerer knew any difficulty about making room for an extra perbonon board a yacht; and if a clumsy, unwieldly thing « iff Can l ^ hospitable, 1 wonder what it is good for.' , if it came to that,' said he, 'I could be with you during the day, and go off for lodgings at night, like Cap tfn Columbus. lie has never failed yet to llnd some kind oi a place, although Mirs iiusslyn thinks tii;.t England is Miss Peggy admires a portrait ot Prince Charles. an uninhabited country. And I should certainly like to go down the Severn with'you. I want to see how a house boat will answer. In 'fact, I consider myself in a way re sponsible for your safety ; and I don't want to hear of your getting into trouble ' — — ' But do you think there will be any danger? ' she said quickly— a question which, to do the small person justice, you would never have heard her put on board any yacht. ' I should say not,' he answered. ' There is sometimes a bit of a sea on in the estuary of the Severn ; but she ought to ride out anything; and then of course you would keep all the doors and windows shut so that* the wind couldn't get a purchase on her.' *' For we mustn't drown Peggy in -he I-ristol Channel,' she says. ' I would never speak to you again if you did,' that yonng Judy observes in reply. Towards 9 o'clock that evening an open landau stood in front of the Warwick Amis ; and presently two cloaked and hooded creatures, accompanied by a couple of shawl bearers, came out of the hotel and took their seats in the carriage. The thoroughfare was almost deserted on this etiil moonlight night; hardly any passer-by -was visible along the wan gray pavements ; though on the shadowed side of the street here and there a window shone a dull orange through the dark. ' I am almost afraid — I hope nothing will happen,' said a girl's voice, in rather low tones. ' 'Why, what should happen ? ' her companion asked. ' Surely, if there are phantoms anywhere, it will be at Kenilworth Castle. Amy Robsart wasn't the only one Leicester murdered, was she? ' ' Fancy Peggy being afraid of ghosts ! ' says the other —as the horses are sent forward, and there is a sharp rattle of hoofs and wheels in the silent street. ' Why, ^eggy» ! thought you called them «6pooke' in your country. Well, vou know, vou couldn't be afraid of anything called a'spoo'k.'' ' ,. . , Presently we had left the last of the houses behind, ana were out in the open country, where the moonlight was throwing black shadows from the elm-trees across the wide white road. There was not a sound anywhere ; nor a breath of wind to sfir the great oreriianging branches. The wooded and undulating landscape, touched here and there into a pallid gray, lay silent under the stars ; we could not even hear the barking of a dog, telling of some distant farm. It was a strangely still world we were driving through, and we ourselves were not disposed to be over-garralous. At length we came to Guy's Cliff ; but from the road, of course, there was nothing visible but a long and wide avenue of frees, with a modern -looking building —in dusky shadow— at the end of it. There was nothing here to tell of the warrior who had re pented him of the slaughter he had wrought in honour ot his lady-love, who came home and turned hermit, and who was tended in his holy retirement by the lady herself, who did not recognise him, fancying that her lord had died in Palestine. But Miss Peggy knew of the legend ; and this at least was the neighbourhood in which the repentant knight dug out a cell for himself in the solid rock, and lived and died in gTeat sanctity. Then again, on the other side of the road, up among some trees on the hillside, we could just make out a small gray object; and we guessed that to be the monument which marts tne spoi where Piers Gaveston, ' the minion of a hatetul king,' was beheaded some five centuries and a-half ago. But the aim of our quest lay further on. And still, as we pursued our way through this silent landscape, the over-arching sky remained serene and clear; all the circumstances were pro pitious for our visit ; Miss Peggy was to see Kenilworth ?' aright.' And yet she could not have been in the least prepared for the startling beauty of the vision that suddenly declared itself before us as we swept round a turn of the road. We had driven through a long and straggling village that appeared to be fast asleep— a quite interminable string of houses and cottages it seemed — and had thereafter got into the country again, where our view was hemmed in by dark masses of foliage along the roadside. We had no knowledge of the neighbourhood, nor of the whereabouts of the castle ; and it was quite unexpectedly that, through an opening in the trees, we suddenly beheld a vast mass of walls and towers, silver- gray in the moonlight, and here and there blackened with ivy, and all clearly defined against the cloudless heavens. The vision lasted for but a second. The spectral castle in the moonlight disappeared. The next minute we found ourselves in a hollow, with the horses splashing through a ford ; then they slowly ascended a bit of a hill on the other 6ide ; finally we pulled up at a gateway, and all got down. Our coming had been expected, and there was no diffi culty about obtaining entrance. But it was with no great speed that this silent little party made its way through the garden, which was filling all the night-air with its varied scents. You would have fancied the women were walking on tip-toe ; not a word was said. And then again, when they left this garden -path, and emerged upon the wide plateau round which are ranged the giant walls and towers and galleries, they seemed to hesitate. Was it not a kind of sacrilege to go forward ?— the place seemed so still in this white light— so still as to be almost awful. Not a leaf stirred in the heavy masses of ivy that hung around the mullioucd windows; no bat came flitting- out from the mysterious corridors ; no raven croaked from those mighty lowers whose summits were with the stars. A phantom castle indeed ; for the moonlight had robbed the ruddy stone of its colour, and it was now of a pale and silvery gray ; and gray, too, was the sky that shone clear through broken archway and lofty loophole. The two women stood voiceless— themselves like ghosts— though their shadows fell sharp and black on the grass. And then Miss Peggy, almost in a whisper, ask ??! if we knew which of these was Mervyn'6 Tower : and we knew why she asked ; it was in a chamber somewhere within the great mass of masonry now in front of her that the Countess Amy had sought shelter, a trembling fugitive and captive, writing a letter to her faithless lord, and tying it with a love-knot of her hair, while he was entertaining the proud and passionate Queen of England with masque, and pageant, and ball. But of course considerations of mere sentiment could not be allowed to interfere with our affording our young Ameri We. walked. down Mill-street, where we obtained a striking view of the rains of the ancient castle. — Chapter XII. The Stbaxge Adventubes of a House-boat. can friend all the information and instruct;™ ? power; and it was necessary— notwithstanding th -m °Ur sive silence of the place, and the ineffable beautp^prcs' moonlight threw over those imposing ruins— tw L l ''? begin and tiy to construct for herself some id«« r uld Castle as it was when Queen Elizabeth and all her l^ and retainers were assembled to hold high revel .^2?-rt'ors walls. Jack Duneombe had brought a plan with l' ils the Society for the Preservation of Ancient V ' and would have shuddered at the audacity ^th ™p''euM set about the work of restoration, not only 'Jch Jj,. walls and completing towers, but decorating the pfnMinJ: with statues and fountains and grottoes 'and fi *eiJ6ani1 the Great Hail with oaken roof , and tapestries and l m-: chandeliers, and waxen torches. The younger' of t ? 0I! women listened ; but she looked more than she 1 Uv'J It was plain that a certain eerie feeling still Luno- n.?eti of them ; and when they were bidden to ascend3 a ? ' part of the building, and enter a chamber there iron,00??''11 they could see the moonlit landscape all around i seemed to regard with a kind of suspicion if J , '* ? y actual dread, the long black galleries which « 'h strangely silent. weie »-j 'I suppose you never saw Millais's 'Gray L-d-'-v Queen Tita said to her companion. 'No? 'it i t three years since it was exhibited, and I don't know l Q it is now. But I thought it was very fine— thou-* i critics didn't seem to care much for it ? .» e llle 'The critics !' said JackDuncombe (of course) ' It was the figure of a lady-gray and etherhl ?,,,* ghostly, and with vague and absent eyes and Fbo making her way up a turret stair, with her hand out stow!'1! before her. The curious thing was that her hand'anil * . of her arm caught the moonlight— and yet they were ,n,-. visionary too — while the rest of her was in a kind f shadow. Peggy, if you were to see anyone comine ilm? there— now ? ' 8 '? They were regarding, like two frighlened children narrow and dusky corridor, into which, at some dishiV away, fell a solitary ray of moonlight. ' ' No,' said Peggy, ' the place is too silent and dead mi empty for even a ghost. But I don't think I should lib to wander through these ruins by myself at night.' And yet— after all our imaginary reconstruction wkovm —she seemed loth to leave. She was the last to' Vm-l there, in the open plateau, looking up at the gray mounl-'t walls and the empty windows, the ivied towers and th serene and silent stars. Nay, when we were all cominr away by the garden path, she left us, and went back and stood there alone for a minute or two. When she lein'racil she said : ' I wonder, now, when I am at home again in America and when I think of this night, I wonder whether I shalJ be able to persuade myself that I ever did actually see any thing bo wonderful and beautiful ? I am afraid it will seem all like a dream. I went back to have another look just now ; I suppose I shall be able to remember something like it— something a little like it— but it will be all dreamt like and unreal. It will appear to be a castle built of air as unsubstantial as the Gray Lady you were speaking of.' This possibility seemed to concern her not a little— or perhaps she was meroly trying to impress on her memory the chief feaeures of the scene she had just witnessed; at all events, she was very silent during the long drive back to Warwick, and paid hardly any heed to what little con vcrsation was going on. Mow, this was to be the last night that our little party, as hiiherto constituted, was to assemble together ; and at the modest banquet that was meant to console us for our lad of dinner, the two women -folk— no doubt looking back over the lengthened companionship now drawing to a clow, and bethinking them of Jack Duncombe's helpful ness and friendliness and general good humour were unmistakably inclined to be complaifant to the young man. Whether his hostess had really forgiven him for his scandalous schemes in con nection with the Young Chevalier, or whether she was con fidently looking forward to an ally who would keep Mis* Peggy's sympathies on the right side, one, of course, could not say ; but, in any case, she was very kind to him, and not only renewed her expressions of regret at his g-oiiif, but once more urged his return when that might be practi cable for him. 44 Oh, I shall be glad enough to get back, if I can,' said he — which he hardly would have said had he been going away in resentment of Miss Peggy's conduct ; and now he was affecting to be more cheerful, though he was not in a very gay mood, we could see. ' And, as I say, 1 think yuu are all right now for the rest of the expedition. Of course there was always a risk — the experiment never haying been tried before ; and once or twice I thought we should bo etuck ; but I think everything should go smoothly now. if you had to begin all over again, of course you would have the boat six inches narrower in beam, and six inches lower in the roof, so that you would have no trouble with the bridges ; that's all I can see in the way of iui- , provement. I consider the whole thing to have been nn^t j successful, so far' ? ' And you know yourself how much of tbat \reowi» you,' MrR. Threepenny-bit makes bold to say. ' Think «l the Thames, even— we should never have got on at all.' ' Oh, I had to learn like other people,' saidhe, modestly. ' I never had anything to do witn a boat like this bnlnrc. But I should think it was a capital idea, to begin wtu: and I think it has turned out very well. The thing tbiii strikes me most about it is the curious sense of indepen dence you have. You are not tied to any inn or town—y1' j stop just where you like, aDd you take your own lrnu-.' 1 with j'ou all the time.' , 1 ' Some people would find it rather slow,' sbe sufrgeflcd I ' Some people would find it quite intolerable,' said he I i4But you remember what Mr. Kuskin says :— ' 1 a ««3 j person who has all his senses about him, travelling bccoim- i dull in exact proportion to its rapidity. Going by raili'juu i I do not consider travelling at all ; it is merely oemg «i» 1 to a place, and very little different from becoming a pam'i. i And then you have to consider that, if this trip has so mi I been pleasant enough in spite of the broken weatJier^ J 'u J can imagine what it wouid be in settled, fine wcatuer/ I ' Oh ! I don't think the weather matters much,' sap I Miss Peggy, blithely. 'You can always pop mdoorst' i escap*e a shower: it 'isn't like driving in rain. JNo, w 1 strikes me as the most curious thing is the way me u» i passes— the extraordinary number of things you get toe ? ? You gentlemen seem to be hard at work from lnoroint, , ? ' 1 night; while for us^well, I suppose, I shall get mj , wn I carried on a bit further some day or other; J)Uti°uu, I know when. And I can't get letters written at aii. 1 know some people who will think I have got lost m_ i. I woods— wandered in the trackless prairies of the niiou it 1 England- and never coming back to civilised l c ?'«. I more. That's another thing : When are the adventure. 1 begin?' ? 1 ' What adventures ':' „,.,„* ?„,. I 'Why, we must have wild adventures; we my i attacked'bv robbers; and.have to barricade the -loo v, ,? i tire through ,-ie windows. Why shouldn't therebepiu- , 1 on a canal, and desperate villains, and bloody fle«V tb.,t I lean roll you I saw something yesterday nw'™^ would have startled you. It was before wrf^0^;,,.. I up-or out, at least. There was a solitary bar e ™ n ,. along : and as it was passing i saw that there wa^r hair hanging from the top of the ruader. «e^ne^ii more horribly like a scalp it was impossible to inwc „ i was long hair, too, like a woman's. And there wa i alone, mind you; I might have been another jicnn. ^ | cowardly dogs of Mingoes might have , *P^a/adveu and bound me hand and foot— think of that for an a j ture: the Scalp-Hunters of the Wild [Canal. ^-— , « But what was the tuft of hair, Peggy i Ber u I interrupts. .. ... . «CaptalU I 'Oh! well,' Miss Peggy says iigh«v- ? rf /ffcc. Columbus told me afterwards. It was an emblem o rfd tion, not of bloodtbirstiness. It ™ * 'f^'!^ ,,f il* friend and companion gone to his rest, it «?*-,! ^e toil ««? n i™,«. Tint that's neither here nor tntre , ados; 'what I say is, we must, have some — ' perilous adventures' ? . , fhe Severn. '? « I hope it won't be as you are going down tne remarks the young man, «l?nificantly.. bit. »l . 'There again, now,' cnes Mrs. Threepenny do really believe you think we shall be ™ ^g^be: down the Severn. What will lhe boat ,do, Jj^^t* ?' Is it possible for her to roll over, 'f^.fL^pe-gj- ^ \ Or colaW she be blown over? For I won t toje ^^ch: any risk. She's under my care. She s not worm but I have charge of her.'| {Continued on page 696.; ' No, I don't think there will be any great danger,' he ?aid again, to reassure them. ' In any case, you can all go on board the tog; and if the houseboat sinks, there will be nobodv drowned but the one who is steering— and that . will be Murdoch.' ' I will not have Murdoch drowned for all the house boats that ever were built!' exclaims Mrs. Threepenny bit -- Can't the wretched old thing steer herself ?' ' No, that kind of craft hasn't been invented yet. But I think she will keep a&o;&t.; Of coarse, you won't all be 6ittting on the roof — by-the-vray, you have never tried that way of sailing through the country.' ' Tlie weather never gave us a chance !' she says. ' But there is s wonderful change coming. There are golden days in store for us, Peggy ; and you and I will have cushions and rugs laid along the top, and we will sit and sew, or read, or you wil 1 play the oanjo, and we shall be as gods together' ? *? Until lunch-time arrives,' one remarks. *' We shall have lunch on the top, too.' ' Well, don't try it as you are going down the Severn, especially if there is a brisk breeze coming up against the stream,' Mr. Jack Duncombe observes, by way of final warning. 'For there is next to nothing to hold on by — that rail has got all smashed with getting through the bridges. Then the channel of the river twists ; and if at a corner the wind were to catch her and tilt her over a bit, your sliding off into the water would not only be unpleasant — it would be very ignominious.' 'Can't we have a small dingy astern; if that caravan erai is likely to go to the bottom ? ' she demands. 'Yes,' said he; '? that would be simple enough, and then if Murdoch found the boat filling— 1 don't see why she should myself, but such things have happened — if he found her threatening to sink, he would jump into the dingy, cut the painter, and be all right.' ' At all events, Mr. Duncombe,' she says to him (and the can bo ??cry gracious when she pleases — that is, when everything s going as she wants it to go) ; ' at all events, we shall hope to find you with us there, to have tho benefit of your advice. 1 am sure we can't say how indebted we are to you for your help in getting us along as far as we have got.' Soon thereafter— for it had been a long and a busy day — there was a general departure for our respective quarters ; and the Warwick Arms subsided into the geaoral silence that lay over tho sleeping town. And if Miss Peggy dreamed dreams and 6aw visions that night— and if any fragments of melody, suggested by what she had seen at Kenil worth, were haunting her brain, it is as likely as not that these were the familiar lines : — The dews of summer night did fail. The moon, sweet regent of the sky, Silvered the walls of Cumnor HaU, And many an oak that grew thereby. But perhaps it was just as well that she had n6t encountered the ghost of poor Amy Robsart.) (To be continued.) 