Tlie Great Libel Case. DIBBS v. 'DAILY TELEGEAPH.' .£25,000 DAMAGES CLAIMED. This action, in which Mr. George Eichard Dibk, I M.L.A., sought to recover £25,000 damages for I an alleged libel on him contained in an article j published in the Sydney Daily TelegeaphI on December 10 of last year was re- 1 gumed this morning before Judge Innes and] a special jury of twelve. The article charged] Mr. Dibbs with criminal manipulation of the I financial accounts or the colony ; ana cue aeten- ? dants paid 40s into court in full satisfaction of I any injury occasioned to the plaintiff. I On the opening of the court the jurors not en- 1 gaged in the action were discharged. I Mr. Rogers, Q.C., resumed his address to tie I jury for the def eadsnts, and read most voluminous I correspondence between the parties principally I concerned. Much of it has already been published. I Counsel was severely denunciatory of Mr. Scarlett's I action, saying he was one who ' ran with the hare I and hunted with the hounds.' He went very closely I into figures with a view of showing1 bow Mr. Dibbs 1 could not have been misled, as stated by him. I He said he was there to defend the Daily Tele- I gbaph, not Mr. Thomson j but he shortly after- 1 wards argued to the effect that that gentleman I had offered as much assistance to Mr. Dibbs ail was in his power to do, considering the enormous I number of items and the shortness of the time. I Mr. Kogers went on to read and compare witi I each other almost endless rows of figures relative I to the financial statement eo often referred to; I and he strenuously contended that it had not I been founded on the public accounts. Com-1 ing to that portion of the article which! stated that Mr. Dibbs's reputation had fl been blackened, counsel informed the jury that I that the defendants were prevented from plead- 1 ing- justification by what happened in the caee| Anderson v. Fairfax (in which tbe defendant! suffered so severely.) If a defendant pleaded! iastifieation, and justified five statements out oil six ; and if he were unable to justify the sixth) I which might have been exaggerated, he would not I succeed. I His Honor observed that in such a case tkt I sixth statement must be a grave one — not a meffi I exaggeration. I Mr. Eogers, continuing, said everyone kne'| that a Governor's speech was inspired by the I Government of the day ; and that the paragraphs I supplied to him were always of the most palatable I character possible. Mr. Thomson, in assisting! Mr. Dibbs, -consequently acted in the usual waj I in helping to prepare paragraphs for Mr. Bibb* I Comnsel then read the Governor's speech in question I for the purpose of showing that Mr. Dibbs had ecu- J cealedthe state of the finances. Either he icetf I of the deficit or he wilfully closed his eye3 toifc I like & boy who put his head under the bedclothes, I fearing he might see ghosts. After the spe^, I hsd been read -Sir Henry Parkes twitted M I Dibbs on his hopeful assurances ; and, whatever 1 might be shoughfr of the present Premier, most I people would admit that his utterances wertl worthy of attention; yet Mr. Dibbs paid no atten-l tion to them at alL Counsel wished to parties I larly impress upon the minds of tbe jury tbe fe*| tkat Mr. Dibbs moved a vote of censure on tbe | Government on December 6, 1887, and that the I article ' A Challenge to Mr. Dibbs,' was writW 1 on December 10 of the same year. I (Not concluded.) I 