CHURCH OF ENGLAND SYNOD. The annual session of the Synod was opened at the Cathedral of St. Peter on Tuesday. May 1, at 11 a m., when the holy communion was celebrated in the presence of a large atten- dance of clergy and laity. In the absence of the bishop, toe Very Bav. Dean Marryat de livered the following CHARGE TO THE DIOCESE. My Reverend Brethern and Brethern of the Laity—l propose bringing before your atten- tion in a very slight sketch a subject upon which many years ago I commenced making notes, but which pressure of parochial duties forced me to lay aside. It is one, however, that has been constantly before my mind, as practi- cally many of the principles discussed in Synod, especially in the early days of its exis- tence, formed part of it. The subject I named " Constitutional Episcopacy," or more strictly the "Internal Constitution of the Church." It is one that I do not think has been sufficiently considered, for though there are plenty of works on Episcopacy, yet the controversies have turned on its apostolic origin and universal existence as opposed to non- Episcopal bodies, rather than on its internal relation to the clergy or Church at large. It is, I believe, a matter which will have to be thoroughly sifted before we can attain to that unity of action which we see in the autocracy of the Roman Church, and in the democratic constitutions of many Protestant denomina- tions. The early colonial bishops were ap- pointed under vletters patent, issued by the Crown, which professed to confer certain powers, Borne of which were on the face of them absolutely groundless, eg:, they declared Trinity Church in Adelaide the Cathedral Church of the Diocese. Too - Crown had no power whatever over' Trinity Church or its trustees. Possibly letters patent may have been useful for a time, but there can be no doubt that they brought with them many evils. They served to raised questions both within and without the Church, from which no good could arise. They tended to put the power of the Crown over that of the Church, and to assert an authority which could not be enforced. They also suggested that the bishop held a quasi- State position, which not only led to questions of social precedence, but caused the bishops themselves to draw precedents, and to claim powers belonging to an established Church rather than to their office. It was one of the advantages of the trials in which the Bishop of Cape Town was engaged, and in which he was defeated, that the ad- verse verdicts opened the way for the forma- tion of a constitutional form of Church government. The decision in the case of the Bishop of Cape Town v. Long forms to my mind the Magna Charta of the colonial clergy. So far as I remember it laid down the prin- ciple that the rules of the Church to which obedience could be enforced were set forth in the Prayer-book as well as in the trust deeds of the various churches. Outside those rules obedience to the bishop could not be enforced under penalty. I do not know whether the date of that trial tallies with that of our model trust deed, but the lesson was clear, that to enforce episcopal authority or the decision of a Church Court, the terms must be set forth in some deed or agreement which can be brought into court. In some points that decision gave special form to the declara- tion subscribed by the incumbent of this diocese before induction. In the same way the judgment of Lords Westbury and Romilly cleared the way for—as they showed the necessity of—provincial or general Synods with constitutions. It is sometimes asked— Do we form part of the Church of England? And the question thereby started is one on which both sides can aigne ad infinitum. As far as the name is concerned that is settled for the present at least by an incorporation, "as the Synod of the Church of England fa the Diocese of Adelaide." The time may come when we shall have cause to alter the fitle^and m may have to go to Parliament to obtain/a private Act, transferring the property now held by the Church under its present title to the new one which may bs adopted.. - But this is only part, a small put, of the goes ttan. The main point of interest ib what is involved in this title "Part, of tie Church of England." Possibly ncsaW but a court of law can decide many- point* which may be raised, but so far as we are con cerned we have denned the limits of our eon-1' nectiaa by the weeds of oar 'declaration. ' "The Diocese of Adelaide doth maintain the . doctrine and sacraments at Ghruftks the TJ^rd " hath commanded, and aa the said Chdrch ot ?? England doth receive the same, together tnth': the Book of Common Pcayer and of ordering "'", of bishops, priests, and deacons.*' Of mm' r even with this limitation there ii plenty of ' scope fox argument as to how far we are bound' ' by the eccWiartJcaHaws of England and by tea canons. Bome of these' are praeticaTy binding, as -expressing 'lbe ' practice of ' the trnxversal' Church, and by universal' adoption in the several dioceses, -e.g* tie article to the 36th canon, respecting' eubecriptiooa. Agaro, whether we -sure at liberty to alter the Prayer book in any way, although we might still' maintain the doctrine and aacramenta of the 'Ohmebl' When the question is raised the late Act of Uniformity Amendment Act suggests a mode by which, without 'actually touching the Prayer-V>ok, we may Eecure more elasticity if required. This point, however, has not yet been raised. What I would point oqt is this—that now that letters patent an no longer in existence, the Church has foil r power of action beyond those limits which the has placed upon herself, and that there ia no power but that whizh comes of and from, the Church. I tpeak especially of what con cerns the diocese. I do not forget that ws are controlled in some points by the General' Synod; otherwise the relations of btchop, ?'*? clergy, and laity, 3heir several right* mm - prrvOrses are dt fined and laid down either in~ the Prayer book, or in the "Fundamental previsions and Regulations 'of Synod," or iit come esses certain trust-deeds. Possibly in' eome points there is an unwritbHT law which is universally accepted, and of which vein ' hardly conscious; but of this there is no ne*d to speak. It is well that our actual position ehould be dearly understood. We are nor entrely free from letters patent, and all thai present bishops hold office under the consti tution of their respective churches. "Other men have labored, and they—the present bishops—have ' entered into their labors." But do they all reattee their actual position? Chosen and consecrated for the most put "if not entirely in England, they ate apt to draw this idea of tEpiseopacy from the Established Church, with its bishops u peers of the realm, it? recognised position aa the Church of tha State, and its large endowments, over which, however, the Church as a body has no control. And this they are likely to do far more thaw their predecessors-—fee founders of oar present ecntitution and synods. In 1817, when the late Bishop Short was consecrated with the Bishops of Melbourne, Newcastle, and Caps Town, a great deal of attention had been pud to Church gorernnwnt and discipline. Daring the excitement of the tractarian movement the want of it as well as of organic life in the Established Church had caused in part many clergymen to go over to Some. Many were looking for s?me more ideal Church, and their eyes were turned to the Church in the colonies. Of late years the controversies in Kngland have turned upoa details of ritual, while Church life and energy baa exerted itself in parochial organisation. But a diocese is not a parish, and must be regulated on different principles. Again, idaas - drawn from the Established Church are apt to be very misleading in many reapeota. The bishops at home are far mote bound by Btato laws and precedents than colonial bishops can be, while in other respects they may be more autocratic. Since Convocation was aflenoed n 1717\. the bishops sitting, as they do, in th* Bouse of Lord", naturally became cue only re presentatives and mouthpiece of the Church. And aa ??> a living body some one must ?peak and act, they have had to assume powers which belonged more to the Church than their own special office. Again, very little study will ?how bow ecclesiastical law in England is in a state of confusion. As I have said. Convoca tion was silenced since 1717 until a few years ? ago. From that date to the Savoy Conference it was occupied more with the divine right of kings than principles of Church government. From the time of the Reformation it had com piled the Prayer-book, dcawn op the Thirty* nine Articles and Canons, and set forth the authorised version of Holy Scripture; bat neither under theTudors nor under theStuarts bad questions of Church government been practically handled. There had been discussions on the subject at the Hampton Court and at the Savoy Conferences, but no decisions had been arrived at, Mattersrei?auiedinthesome wfcat abnormal state in which they wees left at the time of our breach with the Papacy, when part of the power daiseed by the Pope was placed in the hand* of the Grown, pan mthose of the Archbishop of Canterbury. Previous to the Eef ormation the practice if not the law of Church government was eoastaatty changed aa the Crown, the Papacy, or the Church itself pained the upper band. The history of the Church from the time of theConquest to a great extent consists of the straggle tor power between the Crown, the Papacy, and the Church. We traeetbe aamekindof steogglsi in the Anglo-Saxon period, when the Papacy was developing its futlassu?opUoos. Bat even before the rise of the Papacy, Church govern nuvnt was not as bee as it should beondsr tlie infiuenee of Constantine and hismiccs—ori. We thus go batik to the councils of ??**<*** we meet with a free and independent OhnroV Hence in England questions of Otauron govern* ment are decided by pteoeflwrt rather than I principle. In the colonial.Ohuroh wan booed to goback tofirat pnneipW and trans, so far as we can those pragma wtaohunderba the laws of BMjanfcfewbJok* sain the aa** ol the congH&irt; in toe ejection ol bubo* may now be no more than a afaadow. We onus then to this point, that all tk* nowers which the Crown thought proner to> confer through letters pate** on the bishops oust now og?WfnmtfeaGta?ou, Theresa*. fef coursa oertaiD 'powers inherent in the offioe of bishop orji embodied in the Prayer-book which tbe Church cannot touch. There are others with which the General and Provincial Synod may have to deal, but in all other points it is for tbe Church Co act. In a general w?y we mnt as a Church follow the analogy . afforded by the colony under its constitution, i Hence many things which the late bishop did i and claimed to do under his letters patent, as distinct horn the Church, must now be done with the approval of Synod; also possibly : many other things which bUhops in England practically do from precedents arising daring tbe long silence of convocation. In thU diocese many matters have been settled by trusts— e.g., the Cathedral, St. Barnabas CoUlege, the Dean and Chapter (Incorporated), which in other colonial dioceses have been deter mined by Synod. Some of these trusts have been partially recognised by Synod, bat they term no patt of its constitution. For the future all matters connected with the ( rganisation of the Church should be brought before Synod, unless already provided for by Synodic*! regulations or trust deeds. In theDioceee of Melbourne Acts have been passed respecting the cathedral establish ment, consecration of churches, Arehi diaconal Councils. In my opinion the ques tion raised in last Synod respecting the irgie'rar's fees appears to ba one in which the Church should have a voice. In this Biatter we may take a warning from England, a; well as from at least two colonial dioceses. Ij Eng3and the vuitari3n and Ohnrnh war dens' fees are still a subject of discontent and rmiiitaT'Tw. while some charges are limply outrageous. When we were dis cussing the question of theological degrees, and when it was suggested that applica tion should be made to the Archbishop of Canterbury to confer degrees after examination, especially in connection with the colonial Church, the objection raised was the high fees. The fees for the degree of 6.D. conferred ?ats& honoris is or was £70. We have already actei upon the principle that any Act of the English Parliament or of Convoca tion affecting the Church to be of force in this diocese should be accepted by the Synod, Bat the principle which I am advocating should extend to all new prayers or services additional to tho?e of the Prayer-book if they are of a permanent character. Onr Prayer-book was the work of both Houses of Convocation. So Ehould it be with new services. It should not be in the power of anyone man—even a bishop —to set forth prayers which are not aeeeptable to the mass of tbe clergy. Of one Australian rnshop it was taid that he was Dotorioualy defi cient m the gift of music and poetry. Of others it is kjtown that they have no sense of rhythm or liturgical sequence and harmony. In one order of service for the opening of Synod in a neighboring diocese there is much baanty of expression and thought, but in some points the want of rhythm jars on the ear like a false note of murio. Under this head will oome the qutdtkn of mnovatioMaad changes in the ser vices of the Prayer-book, which have no autho rity from the Church or from the Prayer book. Of Me yean some bishops at home and in the colonieehave introduced some changes of this kind. To my mind the result can only be anarchy, for no bishop who violates rubrics by addition or omission can sit in judgment on a clergyman, who in like manner sets his own private judgment against the rule of the Church. I remember that in the early days of Srnod the late bishop used sometimes to say that it would be his fate to see the last of epis copacy. Practically I doubt whether he gave up a single principle. BtOl, possibly, he had foodeause far anxiety. Tbe experiment at E^ yy*nnynT wiib sh& voluzi?Uiy pt^t^* eple was new to the great mass of church men. Popular views of the Church were also most vague. But now fears of that kind have passed away. Full confidence may be shown in clergy and laity, and the greater confidence shown cannot fail to produce greater unity of sentiment and of action. The bte Prince Consort said during the Crimean war that .constitutional government was on Hs trial. So far we have done fairly well in meeting our peculiar circumstances. Good f**Hirlationn have been f^*^i Bat "lufi^l remains to be done to set in order the things tbst are wanting, and to give full life and vigor to oar Church organisation. It still remains to be —i whether f^<? of faith and of enquiry, of unity and of truth, of authority and of liberty, of things **"******- a?#l modem,* which exist in onr Church almost alone, certainly more than in any other, can be ~~-~l ?~* for the -good and strength of the whole. Properly directed and suited they cannot fail to oe a source of ab solute strength. Not firmly united they Inust \r*^n+ ft wane of weakness, as antago nistic one to the etbex. If we we accept the ptir-^plfr—yith*l"^ your bishop do nothing—we axe no lees mindful of that taught by our late bishop, and drawn from Cyprian's practice for the buhop to do wtf"ig without bis clergy. Two prin ciples are wanted to do jnattee to a poaticm— 1\. A bold policy nnjtabln to and Avowing ?^t of our cokmial circumstances.; and 2. United action on the part of bishop, clergy, and laity. We shall never attain ?ur true power so lonfa* the bishop, dergy, and laity aarink from mm iiifi their proper responsibility, so loos; m there is a tendency in diooesan synods not to face their own diffioilties, but to shift them on to tbe shoulders of the General Synod, white the General Synod passes them on to Tavnfath, whue Lam beth can only speak with bated breath, bound as Lambeth U to the Stats, Take tbe questiMi of ?""?"* ?—t"?? Oar late bishop thought that it could be better disaaased in the cflhsiif. So far as he was onooartted the 6SswwairM\ did nothing to promote the object which he bad in view; but bis judgment which' besets tt? nnniiiiwi in all l??wi? in England is added that of the Established Church. What the Cbtnchei of A^'Wijr. ?hethei separated in Dmbbscb or united in the General Synod, now want ii a dear definite knowledge of their powers and privileges and hnM^^ to make full use of fhf*n. The Aus tralian Church moat advance, and cannot be content to be wagged as the tail of the Estab lished Church. We have wants and require ments which no State Church can supply. Norm providing for onr local want* need we with limitations jeopardise or even weaken in the least degree our commotion with the old well beloved mother Church, tha ChureS of ffnglaad. It somftimw appears to me as if some had a i\r~ mA of the living Church. They -speak as if the Holy Ghost were no longer given to the Church as a body, as if the CSMWrih of the isiiiil day cannot be trusted. Alas! for na if we lire in a time when we cannot expect or depend utkwi suidance fp>ifi above, aod when **"th is supposed to lie alone in Mi* Ions; past. It is not Chus that the land apoka when He declared that against Hu Church, founded on tbe cock, the gates of bell should never prevail, or when He promised that the Holy ?bost should abide with His Church for ever. Away then with such fears. Let our prayers and efforts be to realise to the full our duties, privileges, lilmiiitfi as a body composed of Jiving members, acting under one head, moved and inspired by one spirit, all working together for toe good of the whole —for the promotion of the glory of God and the Rood of mankind. A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid. let us act worthily in our poaitiori, and show onr strength in united action. Happy is tbe Church, happy is Che bishop, bsppy tbe clergy, happy the laity who with sTlivery faitfain God have perfect confidence one in the other, for with perfect confidence there must follow, under Christ, that union, which, whether in Church or in State, is and must be a tower of strength. Tbe Synod met in the Church Office at 3 p.m. for the dispatch of business. The Very Bev. Dean Harryat, M.A., presided, and opened the proceedmgs with payer. TBZ SYNODAL BOLL was called, and the following reprsssaU ttves of rimrrhffs were found to be present :— Beva. C. S, Beamnont, G. 6. Bowyear, B. A. Canon Dendy, D.D., T. Field. M.A., B, Kenny, M.A., M. M. Whjtton. £. Williams M.A.. M. C. Wood, M.A, Bichardaon?rid; M. .Williams, Yen, Archdeacon Farr, LL.D., Bevs. J. W. Owen. E. A., Canon Eoole, tS. A.. Canon Green, F. D. Maguire, Canon Andrews. H. M. Pollitt, T. Blsckbam, B.A? Veu! Archdeacon Dove. M.A., Bevs. A. Honner, A. Sells. M.A., W. H. Mudie, W.B. Moon) H. T. Hughes. M.A., L.T.. E. K. MtUer?!?! W. SamwdJ, Canon CoonVbs. W. Witcombe. L.T., Canon Bowel], M. A, Ven. AMhdeaoon Stone, HA., Bev. W. J. BusseU. 8. S. Man cnefl, T. Wood, J. Houghton, B. B. W?bb M.A., E. X. Veatman, ALA, W. A. Camp beU.H.A.,6. S. Ives, B A., Walter Ward, M.A., P. B. P. Dodd, M.A.. and B. £ Taylor; Messra. G. G. SCayo, T. W. laadow. W. H. Hoboes. W. Bade*. LL.D., D. Gar lick, J. Barker, W. G. R-^f^n J. Cham bers, F. J. Blades, J. H. Cunning ham, A. A. Hamilton, A. J. Wright, F. B. White, J, V. Lloyd, S. Dixoa) F. H. StokeVJ. C. Whatten, S. Beet, Major A. Oarew Hunt. Messn. W. H. Boss, F. D^ weD,J,C.B.Moaorieff,C.l.yoaa,T. Hardy, G.A. Parfter.G. A. Connor, XL. Simpson. C H.T k Connor, a E. Owen Smyth, E. N. Wigg, H. E. Downer, H. Morgan Hawkes. F. Malirn, J. H. Wite, W. HVHOTwd7fe fituart T. 8. Porter, A. Soeace, J. Salmod, W. B.Sei,W.S. noos^^'T^JonesrwTH. \- BenhaaQ,T. Edwards, G. H. Catchlove, W. Wam?r?J.H.Thoniley.O. T. Smith, W. Pope. E. G. Hackmore. J. Lord, A. cTiHariey, G*. ?VT. Hawket, H. MiMrad. Hon. J. Barworth, 3M.L.0-, Manx. J. W. Gastiae, A. Boult. G. Gill, F? W. Pennefather, O. H. Gooch, E. L. Hamilton, C. J. Penny. W. B. Webb, O. E. K Sabiae, LL.B,, A. G. Fendleton, and Hon. 6.TomkinsDn,M.L.C. HKHJKT OS TBX TOOCBBE. The PMsrciKideii?ered his cepert ?n the general state of Che diooeee an Cba followmK jifiDDs.—Tbe Okrgy. —The number of the clergy ?thit diocf?eSfl new 67. Three have been removed by death during the year, viz.:— The Bev. & G. Taplia died at Port Linoola lartytar, He was ?rdained in this diooese in 1869, sod served successively the cures of Maoolesfield, Echunga, Ueadows, and Strath alb; o, of Wallaroo and Moonta, of Woodriile : and the Grange, and lastly of Port Lincoln. The Rev. A. Sells, Jan., who wu also ordained in this diocese by the late bishop. Mr. Sells served successively in the south -east, under the Bev. Rowland Hayward, and as curate of Canon French, at Gleqelg and Brighton. Rev. Edmund Jenkins, who bas been incumbent of St Matthew's, Kensington, since 1555. Previous to that j date he bad been connected with St. John's Church, and for soms time acted as headmaster of St. Peter's Collegiate Softool. All of these did good work in their day. la addition to the bishop there are absent from the colony on leave— Rev. J- M Donaldson, of Kapunda, whose place ia supplied by Rev. W. Witcombe; Rev. Canon Wtaitingt >n, chaplain to the Bishop's Home Mission Society; Rev. Canon French, wuo<e cure at Glenelg is supplied by the Rev. H. T. Hughes, who aome years ago acted for a time aa chaplain to Bishop Snott. The folio wiosr , clergymen have left the dioc?*e:—Rev. C. G. ' E. Ashwortb, of St Augustine'*, Port Au gusta, and the Bev. H. Mason, of BCoiy Trinity, Melro?e. The Rev. B. C. Stephen eon went home with the bishop. The rtev. H. Freeland has of late been little more Chan ? visitor. I am in doubt whether he can be ! regarded as ? licenced clergymin of this diocese. Fur all we know he may be licensed in other dioceses. For discussions which have takes place dozing the latt year in the stand ing committee, it is very deaira.Me th*t a strict record of the clergy should be kept, si that it should be known at a glance who are and who are not licensed, and under what conditions, if any, clergymen are absent from or leave the diocese. An inaccurate return might invalidate the election of representa tives to the General Synod, bat within oar own dioce?e important legal decisions m?y depend upon it, especially in connection with the clergy widow and orphan fond and the | clergy annuity fund- Some cases present |no difficulty— eg., incumbents leaving their cure with the bishop's sanction for a spsci ; fkd time and providing a locum Cenens; I clergymen resigning their cores and leaving the diocese for good. The difficulty arises I when clergjmen resign their cotes, say in ill | health, leave the diocese, bat hope to return, and meanwhile wish to retain the advantages :of the clergy widow and orphan fond, or the clergy annuity fund. Both of these funds have provided for some contingencies of this-land, bat leave certain points open for discussion. These might be met by leave of absence tor a definite time being granted by the huhop with special reference to those funds. Other clergymen holding no care in toe diocese and receiving no emolument, free to come and go as they like, should not be returned as holding the license ot the bishop unless they are actoally in the diooese. The following changes have taken place during I the jear:—Bev. S. F. T. Borrow nas removed ! from the enraey of Stratbalbyn to that of Glenelg and Brighton; Rev. J. H. Corran, from Port Pirie Mission to the cure of Sob j and Kingston ; Bev. 6. S. Ires, from PenoU, Milhcent, and Beacbpoit, to Port Augatta; Bev. B. T. Mathews. from St. Peter's College and the cure of Enfield and Prospect to the Church of the Epiphany, Crafers; Bev. T. W. Swarm, from Streaky Bay Mission to Port Lincoln; Bov. G. E Young, from Terowie to Poit Pirie; Bev. T. Ward, having left the Northern Territory, has been *pp->inted to the cure of Terowie Mission; Rev. W. Cooke, from Northern Yorke'a Peninsula Mission to Mf irose—l am glad to report that be nas re covered from his severe accident when he was thrown from his boggy; Rev. M. Couch Wood, from the curacy of St Paul's. Ade laide, to the core of Bordertown; Bev. T. Wood, from Robe and Kingston, to the cure of Wallaroo and Kadina: Rev. J. C. Haynej baa been temporarily licensed to the core of Enfield; Bev. W. G. BUekmore has been appointed to the ???"?"" in the lestwn part of the Pott Lincoln district, including Streaky Bay. It is with gnat regret that I have to announce the msiginatifm of the cure of St. Michael's, Mitoham, by the Bev. A. Bella, to take effect on June SO next. The j following cures are vacant:—North Yorke's Peninsula, Penola. Minicent, and Beeehport, the curacy of St Paul's Adelaide; the Northern Territory; St. Matthew's Kenans: j too; and at the end at Jane, St. Michael's, i Mitcharo. The Northern Territory.—ln this mission the ! bishop hopes to make some satisfactory. arrangement in con junction with the primate and tins Society tor the Propagation of the Gospel, which makes an annual grant'of £300 per ?????? It is to be hoped that some plan may be derued by which justice may be aone to the mission and to the grant of the Society tot the Propagation of the Gospel The pre- EestJong vacancy cannot fail to be a serious injury. The question of this miarinn is sur rounded with difficulties. It is no part of this diocese, and ai such has no claim upon our endowments. Nor is it merely a qnestioa m to wbat hisfacptball hrae the lieeme—whether the primate or the Buhop of Adelaide. If the luiauon is attached to *hjp dioosse we *nist aiate up our minds to rapport it and carry it through. If the hopes of the program of that aettbment, which have been deferred for so rcany yean, are at length fulfilled, and its re- j sources are duly developed, more interest in it may be excited. At the same tine we may- be well stewed of this, that prosperity aad popu lation i*i***tifft fc*t to produce a d^'^ap^ Cor separation. The ordinations daring the year have bsen as follows r—But. W. G. BUchwure. Bav. M. Conch Wood, Bev. VL Wairams, Bev. S. 8. i Moncrieff. Bev. G. £. Ybang, and Rev. W. ! Oocke, to the order of priesthood; fief. G. 8\. Bowyer to the order of deacon. , Parsonages.—Grants have been made or promised to the following parsonages:—St. ? Matthew's, Kensington, and St. Peter's. Petersburg. Churches and Bandings. — Churches at Garrieton and Georgetown are ia course of erection. The schoolroom at Unlay ha* been enlarged, and was opened last Sunday. The foundation atone for a mission-room in New Glenelg in memory of the late Bev. A. Sells, Jan., was laid on Saturday, April 2L. I Bishop's Home Mission Society. —It was with great regret Chat Che committee were , compelled at the end oi last year to make coo- I sSderable (eductions in the grants to several missions. The redactions would of necessity have been greater bad it not been for the very gratifying and seasonable gift presented to the bishop previous to his departure, which enabled him to dear off the overdraft due by the society. It was stated to the satisfaction of the bishop that the sum was contributed by the wealthier members of the Church. It struck aome at the time Chat if proper appeal were made some of these donations may be turned iatoaoanal sahsciiptium. and that the society might make greater efforts to obtain permanent support in that direction. Oar present aujxenption-lut is hardly worthy of onr Church or diaceae. As a role it mart lie with the promoters and officers of any society to keep up its funds. To spend money is easy enough. The difficulty is to raise it. Any one acquainted with Che difficulty of working the majority of the parishes in this diocete must feel that it is hardly fair to expect the clergy to do very much in the way of collec tion. As it is the clergy have already too much serving of tables forced upon them, and when in many ca*ea they are harassed with their own parochial finances they have neither time nor energy to devote to ether collections. ? I am well aware that there is a tendency to parochial celfisbneu and isolation. Some are apt to in?£i??>, to their own loss, that chanty cuds m well as begins at home. But we should also remember that to provide against that feeling and to promote a true Church spirit, proneum was made from the very commence ment ef Bvnod by the preaching of annual sermons with collections for the Home Mission Fund and Foreign Mission. To these were added when the call came the Clergy Widow Bud Orphan Fond, and the Clergy Annuity Fund, to sty nothing of tb?6yiu)daiaaaeeainent. When these objects are t?uly brought before the congregations the larger Charity cannot be entirely overlooked, it appears to nK that a great opportunity is lost by not publishing ! the annual report at the time of the annual meeting, htW in the second quarter of the year, eo that the information might be avail* able for the clergy in preaching their annual sermons. If at the same time copies of the report with the circulars could be forwarded for distribution amongst the members of the congregation when the annual eermoui are ] ixtkchtd niarjy more would be reached, and with more tflect than at the public meeting btid in the Town Hall. Every member of the Church must be deeply interested in the welfare of this society. The welfare repre-, atnteto a large extent the progress of the Church. At the same time the society must be so worked as to gain the confidence of the ' Cfcurch at large. At present its machinery is somewhat ucnecestarily cumbrous. More sytti m is required in opening and sustaining miEtions; more care in selecting clergymen from England suitable for this special work; alto more system in raising subscriptions. Daring the pattyear an important addition was *oade -to the objects of the society, namely, i that of aiding the incumbents of populous i churches in obtaining the services of curates, Iby whose help the services of the mission churches may be carried on. If the plan is found practicable and the parishes can raise a curates' stipend fond the plan will carry with it many advantages. At the sane tune care must be taken not to arouse the suspicion in the minds of churchmen that too large a portion of the funds is expended in the town or cnbnrbe. Popular sympathy is naturally and to some extent rightly on the side of those who from sparjene?S of popula tion would but for the mission fund be entirely deprived of all services of religion. Let na tope and pray that with our better prospects Che society may pat forth fresh efforts, and so work aa to excite the interest and secure .the support of all members of the Qourch. I take this opportunity of an nounciiu; -that the Bishop of Biverina has kindly promhed to attend the meeting ta be held in the Town Hall in connection with this society. As soon as he can he will fix the time, and due notice of nis visit will be given. If possible arrangements will be made for holding a confirmation during his stay in Adelaide. New Guinea Mission.—At the last seiaiqn of the Gt-neral Synod, held in Sydney ia October, 1886, the following resolution was passed:—"That the recent annexation of a portion of New Guinea impoeea a direct obligation upon the Church to provide for tbe spiritual welfare both of the natives and eettlere. That as the mission should be cjn ducted on an adequate scale and provision made for conticteraole outlay, its expense should be shared by all dioceses in Aus tralia." At onr meeting of Synod iast year we weieled to expt cc that the piimate would Uy the case fully before us daring his visit- It eeeai? to me a matter of rtgret that neither tbe clney nor the members of Synol tasi any opportunity of meeting the primate officially. The only allaeion tuario to the New tiaine* Mibsion was in the primate's re^ily to a vote of thanks for his lecture on the " New Britain in the South," given in the Town Hill, It was then stated generally tha*; it was estimated that £2,010 a year would be required for fire years. Of this it was hoped that Sydney could fjiovide £500, MJb jarna £500, and ttie other dioceeea make ?i> the rtsvanaia^ iJI,Oi)J I have lately received a letter from ttm prim&te;, stating that daring hU stay in London for the Lambeth Conference he hopes to make, if possible, some doooite ar rangement for the eomnMocement of the pro jtcted mission. As very much depends upon tbe amount of support secured in Australia, he is anxious to know what contributions he n>ay hope to receive from this diooese. I hal to express my regret that I could give him no idea; that we had been expaattng to have souie details Bet before us, and hal up to the present taken no steps with regard to the mission. I stated that if he would let me know what be wished or expected from the diocese of Adelaide 1 would lay the matter before this Synod, so that the Synod an^ht at least express some opinion upon it. I added that some of us were anxious to know whether we are expected to divide our contributions for missionary purposes between the Mfclaneeian Mission and that of New Guinea, or whether tbe Church of New Zea land will undertake tbe support of the Mela oeeian Mission, and so leave the Church of Australia and Tasmania free to devote its efforts and resources for this new mission. Many of us for old association will be un willing to cast tbe Melaneeian Minion adrift without some guarantee that its re sources would not be diminished. It may be that the call for the New Guinea Mis sion come? in addition to what we are already doing for the Melanesian or other missions. If bo I trust chat we snail all do our best to ret pond to the cill. It is the firt-t call directly made by the General Synod in behalf of missions to the heathen upon tbe dioceses and members of the Church in Australia. In connection with this subject I would direct your attention to the Australian Misrionary Sena. Ttoio is the title of a new monthly publication commenced in Janrary last, and conducted by the executive council of the Board of Mi?iAn? o f the General Synod. The primate approves of the issae of the magazine, and commends it to the sym pathy and help of the bishops and clergy of the Obarcb. Its object u to promote kao# ledfre and excite interest respecting mission uy work among tbe heathen. Financial Board.—At our last meeting a scheme for a finance board which had been drawn up in an elaborate report by Mr. A. Stiircke was submitted to the bishep. Toe scheme was referred to a committee, which after full and careful consideration drear up a report generally in favor of it, Ooe serious difficulty was the increased cost, and this was the score serious as two of the three parties who were expected to unite in meeting toe cost found that the proposed board wonld not meet their requirements. The scheme was better adapted for the management of tbe property and funds of Synod than for those of the attor neys of the B.P.U. and of tbe dean and chapter. It embodied a board of management with a 'perpetual audit, the board being prac tically its own auditor. If at a moderate cost we could secure a perpetual audit I am sure that all who have toe management of food* oWKoted with the Church would gladly take advantage of it. Holiday* for the Clergy.—At oar meeting is I£B6 a resolution waa passed to the effect that this Synod endorses the opinion expnaaed by tbe buhop in bis report on the state of the ds?cece that some tffort be made to secure regular holidays for the ck>rgy, and that a committee be annually appointed by Synod for giving sueh practical ts&Vct; to thuresoiu tion as may be found possible. In l>-B*> the oen-imittee nroupht up a report, suggesting that a fund of i'ZSO should be raifeJ tor the £?ff*ntnt vf a tupply chaplain, whose doty it ?boold be to supply the places of abrgysaen ahamt from timr duty on halidaya. TtMse who drew np the report allowed the Batter -to drop. It teomi to me that it wooid have been better for Synod to have asserted the principle that in tbe opinion of Synod eweiy clergyman should be entitled to a holi day extending over two or three Sundays in the year, and that it should be tbe duty of tbe wardens to provide for tbe oarryiog on of the services ot the Chmrch daring tboae Sonoays ; and, thirdly, that tbe bishop uiight be requested to inform the wardens of the various ehurebea of the remtotioo. and to urge them to cany it into effect. At wnu future time the aid of a supply ?(]?>"???"? as propoaed may be aeenrad, or aooie other plan cnggested. At present the whole scheme is shelved. In many eases Che principle, if suggested, could be carried into effect without further delay. Easter Offerings.—You may remember that during tbe seatioo of 1886 a ftttotation was passed to tbe effect that it is desirable Chat special tfforta be made by all congregations to augment tbe income of their miauter beyond that obtainable from the ordinary sources of revenue by additions Co the stipend fund, and also by Hater offerings. Ia accor dance with this resolution the bishop last year issued a pastoral letter to die wardens of all the churches, requesting them to bring the matter before their respective congrega tion*. As last year wa* one of great depres sion I thought it my duty to bring the matter once more before the wardens, ia hopes Chat with the good harvest and so many signs of returning prosperity the response might be more universal and generous. I am glad to report that in many esses the appeal has been liberally responded to. Lay Readers and their liicenet.—No re port of tbe diocese can be complete without reference to the valuable work done by the lay readers licensed by the bishop. Toe number last year amounted to 168. Without their aeautanoe not only would many services be discontinued, but many plaoet entirely deprived of Che bleating of pablie warship. | I would, however, call the attention of tbe clergy and lay readers to certain of tbe rales for the appointment and guidance of lay reader*, which 1 have reason to believe are frequently neglected. One rule is that every licence is to be kept with the vestry book of the parikh or congregation in which the lay reader officiates. It is not to be held by the lay reader himself. Another rule is that the name of every lay reader shall be re turned to Che bishop with the aoanU parochial statistics. These retorat eh<mtd give the actual list of lay readers. It ehonld be clearly understood that lay readers moving from one ecene of work to another ahoald be relicensed or have their license endorsed by the bishop. Registrant' Fees.—This matter waa brought before Synod last year, and a resolution painted lo the effect that the birbop be respectfully re quested to revise the fees charged by the regis trar of this diocese, and to direct that the table of fees so revised be printed and set op ia Che vestries of Che churches of Che diocese. By Che direction of the bishop the chapter has. con tidertd the subject, bat has not bad Cim? to make any formal reoommendation. They generally agreed upon the following principle : —In letters of orders (priests and deacons) and examination of letters of orders, it tor ano-tbtr diooese and license thereupon, they euggest no change; in Chose cases tbe paper* have a legtJ value. In other cases where the mutter is of no legal tfiVct, but simply of diocesan record, considerable redactions, they think, n-ay be made— (;., in license of lay readers or of a building to be used temporarily for divine service. Tbe fees for the coopera tion of a church and other appointments may be deferred until the bishop's return. I Training and Education of Che Clergy.—At the last D>cet)Bg of the General Synod it was resolved that this Synod recommoadfl th-< etAablifchnie&t; of a board of examination in correspondence with tbe board uf examiner for tbe English theological preliminary exami oatioD, especially in view of tbe considerations eufigetted by tbe recent membiandaoi of the Archbishop <-f Canterbury, The committee ap pointtd to cairy this resolution into tffect en tried iuto correspondence with the couucil "f the preliminary examination in England The primate has received the folio wing reply:— "That the board are prepared to send their papers to colonial bithope for the examination of candidates for orders in the diocese; the examination to be conducted under the bishop's direction acd under tbe usual conditions; tbe answers to be transmitted to the secretary ot the board, and to be submitted to its examiners for tbe classification of the candidates. Each bishop is at liberty to read tbe answers before the transmission to the board for tbe pnrpaae of di-cidiog whether candidates are qualiied for ordination in the diocese, without. b?vever, making public the judgment uf himself or his examiners recpectiiig the relative merits of the candidates. The Okual fee ia expected." We shall then Dave a e&tibfacAory; test ho* far our c&ndidatte; for holy order* come up to tbe Koglieh standard. I believe that in the opinion of onr bishop onr examinations in many respects are as strict as those of Eugbab dioceses. Church of England Endowment Society.— It is a matter of regret that the standing ] committee is unable to report that more 1 satisfactory progress bas been made in their | communications with the directors of the \ Church of England Endowment Society. It is to be hoped that no further delay may ' take place, and that new life and energy may be thrown into the sooiety. Every year shows the great need that exists for endow ment, especially in the case of older churches or cures of which the population is smaller and poorer than when the church was first ; opened. Some of the older churches which have been assisted for fifteen or more years , are as much in want of aid as those only recently opened. At the present momsnt ' there is also an increased interest taken ia ; endowments, and larger fun Is will be re quired to meet the demands of the parishes. Diocesan Statistics. —Last year the buhop pointed out that some of the statistical returns bad bet-n affected by the number of persons who had left the colony. The returns this year are as foiiowb: — I The secretary of Synod informs me that there ia an evident increase of care on the put of the rlergy in making their returns coneotly. There are some other subjects which are of the utmost importance to the Church which well deserve the attention of Synod, t c, the alarm ing decrease on one side of direct giving to the Church for God's sake, as well as the yearly increasing ineruae in tbe mpi*^ and methods 1 sdopnd of raising funds by indirect means. 3. The increasing practice of building churches on credit, the turns borrowed being in Bonce e?ses ont of all {proportion to the money actually raised. 3. The Pan-Anglican Conference. 4. St. Barnabas College. 6. The snooessfal work done by the Key. W. S. Hopcraft m the Ual housie Mistion incumbency and by other mis sionaiy clergy. Buttiicewillnotpermit. I have alnady trespassed too much on your time in tbip, which is but an imperfect and hasty sketch of the work of the diooese. In con clusion, ltt me say that in spite of the honor of my present position, no one regrets the absence of the buhop more than I do—no one will more warmly weloome him on bis return —no one more fervently prays that when he dors return he will come restored to his full vigor of mind and body. For the rest I must appeal to tbe kindness of my brother clergy and laity for many deficiencies, reminding them in n>y own justification that if I fail to meet all their demands on my services I have nut only my own parochial duties to attend to, but tbe necceseary correspondence and work of the diocese usually conducted by the bishop with the aid uf one or more chaplains. Of course the work is nothing like that of the bishop when in his diocese; still there are many calls and duties which rou?t be attended to. Tbe work is not lightened by the abience of Canon Whitington, the organising chaplain of tbe Home Mission Society. I would take this opportunity of thanking Archdeacon Morse fur bis many acts of kindness and help in my woik. For the rest the reports of the various veetrin cannot fail Co enooorage u?. They give evidence ot a large amount of work done; of general harmony and goodwill; of real for God's service; of paruhet well and ?ucct?efully worked. May God grant in His mercy that the result of our meeting in Synod may be that we afaall be snore aad more of ooe micd in the Lord, uuwe and mare bent and determined to fulfil that great mission to which God has called our branch of the Holy Catholic Cburcb. Tbe Yen Archdeacon Fabr. LL.D., moved a beaity vote of thanks, for the eloquent and statesmanlike charge and address which the dean had derirered that day. Mr. EL E. Downi?j M.P., seconded the motion, which was carried by acclamatiosi cbaib?am or coMymvxs. Archdeacon Farr was eiemed to the position of chairman ot eosnmitteea during the session. stasdwc coMiirnxr's bepobt. The standing committee presented a repwt, which stated that Chemb-committee appointed by Synod to enquire into a report upon tbe administration oi the Cburcb of Engiaad Ba- j dowsaent Society presented a report, after the I consideration of which the committee passed I the following ntelutioo: — "That in the opinion of the standing committee it is deair akde tbat the Church of England Endowment Society aaouM obtain s> private Act of Parlia ment with a view to r4-V?"(T the society on a 1 legal basis and constitution." Toe cimmtttee I app<?nitd by Sinod to report upon the bishop's 1 rp|>osal f?r a financial board presented a re- I art v-bkb advised the formation of the board a tuerrrted. The report was (übstautiar'y . doffed by standing committee, whoforward?a i tothcattorbeyolttae S P.G. and the dean nd chapter with a view of ohraitiing their oon atttoit- The committee raoommended that *K> furtbtr appbcatioDs be make, for the pay mtst of aasettment by Pewsey Vale nntd iurtbtr mohition, as the church 1* the prwwte proprity of Mr. W. Gilbert, who contributes Che whole of the iacun bent's stipend, which is £100 per annum. The estimated receipts for the year ending Barter, 1889. ?m £836 ISc. 3d., and the ex penditure was the same. The amount collected dming US7-8 for Che home mission fund waa £9*210*. 7d.; for the missions to the heathen, £140 Is. 6d ; graoU in aid of clerical itnyHn*^. £316 13*. lid. Tbe amended system for Che endowment of churches, as passed by last ; Synod, wa* embodied in a deed prepared fay I Dr. Barlow, and executed by the Tiwt~linnT of the corporate seal A copy of the amended system was sent to every clergyman and ennrebwardea is the diooase, and your com mittee are happy to report that the first year's experirneeof its working is highly satisfactory. Since the last report the following oootxibu | tious towards endowment have been received:— ! From 8t Mary's, Eohuga, £40; St. George's, Goodwood. £40; Holy Trinity. Lyodoch. £30 ; 1 PL Michael's, Mrtctmm. £25; 6k Mary**, Wallaroo, 420; St. Mary's, Sooth- road. £10; 1 Holy Evangelist's, Goolwa. £30; St. Thomas's, I Pott Lincoln, £15 j 8t George's. Meadows, JtSOO; St. MaryV Penola, £20. Toe amount collected in aid of the missions fond was dis- I post d of as foUowa :-£l3llBa. 31. waa sent to ' the Melanesian wii^tmi, and £8 3a. 3d. to the Delhi iLiskion. ? - CLEBGT AKXriTT FCSD. The Rev P. K. P. Dodd. M. A. in bringing forwatd tbe propoced new roles for the management of the fond, said the apeeial com mittee Co enquire into Che working of the fund bad brought up a code of amended rules. Tbe mot important, alteratiott was one to make it compulsory for '.every clergyman to belong to the fond, tbe bishop having the power to excuse any one from paying to it under certain circumstances. The premium was raised from two to three guineas per annum, and he would point oat. that a higher rate prevailed in the othtr colonies, where it was alto obligatory on the demy to join the fnnd. In return far this certain advantages were held ont to those who belonged to the fond. Tbe Kev. H. M. Polutt seconded the motion for tbe adoption of the speoul com* niittee'a report, which was earned. In 30m mitlee an amendment to raise the annual sub scription to £4 waa lost, and the amended rules 9/tie adopted with a few alterations. Tbe Synud at a late hour adjourned till next ?lay- ________ Tbe following shows tha state of the rivers at the undermentioned places at9a.tn. on Tuesday, Mayl:—Murray—Eohaoa.Sfaet; Enaton,lfoot 4 inches; Overland Corner, 6 feet 9 inehsa; Morasn, 8 feet. Darling—LonCh, low ; TUpa, 3 ftet 6 inches; Wiloannia, 5 feet 8 inches; Uroindie, IS feet 9 inches ; Pooocarie, 19 feet 10 <&cbt;*; We&twortli;, 8 test 4 inches. Namoi e.od Barwon—Goodoga, Mungundi, Mogil. Nan oi. Barwon, Brewarrina. and Boarke. low. The bgarea in the above list indicate the depth of water above summer level, which is in suflicirnt to allow the passage of steamers up o> down. THE GOVERNMENT GEOLOGIST'S REPORT. . The Commissioner of Crown Lands has re ceived from 11. Y. L. Brows, the Government Geologist, a report with reference to his in spection of various mines he has visited in the neighborhood of Beltana. Monnt Searle, and Mount Freeling, from which we take the fol lowing :— WINNOWIE HINES. Locality, from 1 to 4 miles north of Randall's Lookout,"and between this point and Mount James. Randall's Lookout is 13£ miles north west of Winnowie station. Beltana Bbokkn Hill.—The workings con sist of a tunnel drive some 60 feet into soft j kaolinieed shales and sandstone with inter bedded masses and'pockets of carbonate of ! copper. This deposit is not a lode, but a segregation of ore ioterbedded with the rusk. The soft shales in which it occurs are overUid I by a crystalline linrestone. Gypsum is asso ciated with tbe ore outcrop, and mia^aaese iron ore and jaspery masses or blovs occur in the some soft argillaceous rocks. Although no lode bas yet been found there is a likelihood of larger masses of ore being dis covered, and the present deposits when fol lowed up may be traced to a lode. The amount of ore showing in the tunnel and along the eutcrop of the soft shales in the neighbor hood iff ere sufficient inducement to a thorough pro* peeking of the locality. Toe quantity of silver contained in the ore—as indicated by the assays which have been made—is small, two average eamplea taken from the tunnel yielding silver at the rate per ton of 3 oz. 18 dwt. 19 gr. and 5 oz 1 dwt. 6 gr., with 41 and 32J per cent of lead respectively. Another sample obtained from the manager yielded an assay ot 3 oz. 15 dwt. 3 gr. of silver and 47 per cent, of lead, with a trace of gold. No work was being done, at Che time of my visit. Tha workings of tbe old Beltana copper ' mine are situated in dose proximity to the tnxtneL Carbonates of lead and copper I occur here in the soft kaolinised shales. The escarpment formed by the outcrops of eolt kaolinised slates and sandstones' extends ! northwest from tbe Beltana Broken Hill tunnel, north westerly and northerly through the Great Central, Winnowie. and Wheat I Tynel claims, and easterly through Doig'e. It is along this escarpment and in these rocks that the lead and copper ore outcrops. Tne ground being eoft there will be no difficulty in driving, sinking, or following op Che various streaks of ore with which the rocks are impregnated in order to ascertain whether they are connected with some lode at a deeper level or are merely bedded deposits. Wbeali Tf rrbx Claims. — Prospecting is being carried on here, and two shafts are being sunk near an iron ore blow, and a quartz and iron ore blow in tbe soft shales and sandstones near tbe bonndary of the crystalline lime stone. These shafts are being sunk on the chance of silver being found in the iron ore below the ratface, although so far as I am informed do metallic ores have yet been found, or any discoveries made to lead to the belief that silver is present. With regard to the outcrops or blows of iron ore, manganese, quartrite, and other eilicious rocks, there is a general impression that they are all lode outcrops or from the back of a lode. In many cases, however, is this not Che case, and the outcrops will be found as they are sunk on to gradually disappear or thin out into small i veins in the bed rock Mabel Extended —The workings here con sist of deep open catting across an outcrop of i rock containing iron ore and manganese, with no appearance of any lode or vein. Eiuacaba|Bu>ces. —Prospectinghereis being carried on at three plaoea. In tbe moat northern excavation galena is disseminated through a bed of crystalline limestone from 1 to 2 feet -thick, lying between other beds of limestone and inclining at a ' low angle to the eastward. A saaipte jieldtd on assay at the rate of 8 oz. 14 dwt. 1G gr. per ton and 43i per cent, of lead. In another excavation farther south there is a titp'^r deposit, showing a less per centage of ftalena. The rp^in workings are in a creek still further southward, where black carbonate of lead, with seams of copper car bonate, is being obtained from the crystalline hmestone and from tbe joints and ccacks in the sane reck. An average sample of the ore yielded on ascay at tbe rate per ton of 48 oz. 10 dwC 4 gr. of silver and 62 J per cent, of lead. The ore in the locality oocon in tbe crystal line limestone and in its joints in patches. It is poasrble that large depostts of Chis aort exist, though from the nature of the bedrock they may be expected to be uncertain in their occur rence and extent. It would be well to ascertain by ?isking through the limestone at this place into the underlaying shales whether the ore -ooatintiee from one rock formation into the other or not. "Hasan Belxajta —Coateening is being done to a small exunt in hard cystaUine lunettout\ in which a few scraps of galena are occasionally sets. ?VfdTEELL —A tunnel in borir?nt?l kaonotsed! abate* and saodit..ne* hag been pnt down for a distance of 60 or GO feet, bat no ore has been fcood. Ghkat Northern* —Prospecting has been done here to a small extent on iron ore and anaftsanrK blows. There are stains of earbontte of copper in several plaoea, but nothing has been iovnd to encourage anyone to do more than prospect to a limited extent. In addition to these claims there are numerous others. Tbe Great Winnowie Central and Doig's blocks adjoin the Beltana Broken HiU on the west and east respectively. On the former bo work has yet been done, and on the latter there are shafts and tunnels. Green carbonates and other copper ores have been found to a small extent, bat eo far not in payable quantities. Blocks of lacd for mineral prospecting have been taken up for a few miles north and south of the principal claims, no doubt chiefly as a ?peculation. Many of these have names and good reputations, but as it is impossible to. find where they are owing to their position' being autism to a few only, and it being diffi cult to ascertain whose these are, I have not been able to inspect them. BaXXAKA.—In this neighborhood wamerous places are bang prospected for silver, and the following u a litttt those which I tinted A* a rale Che vein*, which are chiefly copper ore. are tmalL and beyond tha merest surf aoe prospect ing have not been tried. In aome cases blocks have been taken upon iron ore, manganese, ot quartite blows, only on the chanoe of use!al or precious metals being found. G beat Ajai—Copper. Here a small vein of rich ore has been found, not has not yet been sunk on. PurtAPA Gap.— Copper. Thin veins in iiatestane. John Bcix —Copper. This is an old mine, the workings of which have fallen in. BaLTAHA Edith.—A shaft ia being sunk in soft slates and sandstones near an iron ore out crop, and near anjold shaft showing stains of copper ore, which it ia intended to prospect for silver. Great Bkxia.—Outcrop of iron ore and maiigsimsri ore. Stains of carbonate of copper and copper ore occur in two or three plaoea ?nd are beintr prospected. Cabsiok, Oektkknial, Ac—Traces of copper ore are met with at other localities, bat ia general they are not of sufficient importance to encourage prospecting, except Co a very email extent. MOUNT SKRLB DISTRICT. Rotai Mikt.—Locality, three miles norttf I east of Finke Springs. A shaft ia being sank : alongside a large iron outcrop for the purpose of prospecting for silver. No ores of lead or silver have been seen in this outcrop. It is intended after reaching a depth of 100 feet to crotscut into the iron ore on theohance of find ing it argentiferous. Great BxitaSa Comstock.—On the surface j here there is an outcrop of galena about 2 feet 6 inches long and 1 foot 6 inches wide in cal careous slates. There are other galena lodes in the same neighborhood. In my report of August 15,1884, mention ia made and assays given of silver-lead discoveries in this locality. little if anything appears to have been done to develop them since tbat time. It is probable that all these claims have been taken np under new p?m??a, No one is working them, and information cannot therefore be ob tained. In nearly all cases there is much less information obtainable on the ground as to the position of these claims than can be got from a distance, where shares in the claims are bought and Bold. This is owing principally to no one bekg left in charge or to their being tem porarily abandoned. The Imperial Mint and the Wolseley are in tbh locality. Patsot's SPBitras —One mile west of Patsey"s Spiiogs a prospecting party have disoovered a lode comprised of galena and earbunate of lead, calc spar, and quartz. An assay of the ore gives—silver, 2 oz. 2 -dirt. 11 gr. ; and 57 per cent to the ton. Leigh's Cbeek. —New discoveries have been made at White Cliff and Iron Hill, and are now being prospected. Up to the present fragments of copper ore only have been fonud at White Cliff on the surface and in the soft rock, but no denned lode has been disoovered. At the Iron Hill a shaft ib being sunk 25 feet. It would probably be bettor to cMteeu here to find the lode before sinking muob deeper. About a mile from Leigh's Creek ratlway etation they are prospecting a large brown iron ore outcrop, bat do not appear to have fouad any other ore. Great Gladstone Mike.—Locality, six miles north- easterly of Yerelina station. Here there is a lode formation consisting of iron ore and gossan, containing fragments of the but rounding elate rocks and striking north and south through the horizontal and Blightly inebned clay and calcareous elates, Beveral shafts and tunnels have been aonk and driven stleDg the coarse of Che lode, aod galena ob tained in two or three plaoea at no great depth. Near the south end of the workings galena has been raised from a shaft and is found to away well for silver. It would be well to follow down this galena shoot for the purpose of ascertaining whether or not it increased in quantity at a depth, as the lode is well defined and well worth testing. A sample of the galena and gossan gave on assay silver 83 oz. 7 dwt 6 igr, and ,44 per cent of lead, that of gossan alone, 1 oz. 15 dwt. 22 gr. of silver to the ton. Bio Hill.—Locality, 2J miles from the Great Gladstone mine. Tnia is a breociated goenan and iron ore lode of considerable width, cutting across horizontal clay and caicareioa elates. The prospectore'report that they have bad good results by assay, but no silver or gold was lound in the samples which were assayed. Emily.—liocality, near Big Hill. Galena occurs here in a, brecciated limestone, with gossan striking north and south through slates and limestone. A sample of the ore containing galena yielded on assay 12 oz. 18 dwt. 1 gr. of bilver and 32 per cent, of lead per tan. The gossan yielded nothing on assay. Tnia place ie WfclJ worth another tnaL Great Koethekn—Locality. 2 miles west of the Great Gladstone. Here there are wall denned lodes of f errocalcite, oalcite iron ore, and goeeaa striking north and south through horizontal elates. Prospecting shafts were bting tuck in two places. 1 don't know, of any encouragement to sink which has been met with beyond the fact of there being well defined lodes. I saw no lead, copper, or other useful metal in the stuff raised. Fbieung Water. &c.;, Gileid P. Beck.— Locality, DuckPondsbetweenroadfromtfount Lizidbun-t to Blanchewater. Here there is a lode of massive galena from 11 to 2 feet vide at the surface, on which two holes 4 and 6 feet derp have been eunk, exposing a well-defined lode, portion formation of galena and gossan with quartz; along the surface it is exposed for about 2 feet. The lode strikes east and west through green clay slate, and it should be well prospected, the stone at the surface beicg good enough to warrant a shaft being sunk to a considerable depth, A sample as sayed gave 12 oz. 18 dwt 1 gr. of silver per ton and 62J per cent of lead. Galena has also lately been found at Wildman's Blnif, one mile north cf Mount Freeung, and near the old Freeling. In the latter case it is in a thin vein withquaitz. The other localities I did not see. Near Walter's well traces of galena has been found in ferrocalcite and quarts veins. The QroBK Comstock.—-Locality, 12 or 14 miles north of Qaom, near Mount Arden mine. At this place there are large massive oatcropsof iron ore and manganeseore, on one of the latter a shaft is being sunk, and is now down some 25 feet in brown iron ore, which is coneidertd likely to contain silver at a depth. No assays appear to have been made of the surface outcrops, nor has any prospecting been carried on previously. Be fore going to the expense of sinking shafts it is advisable that aotae induation of the pre sence of -valuable metals should be obtained at or near the Buriace, either by assay or other wise. If such be obtained there will be some thing to warrant the sinking; of a shaft The presence of an iron blow must not be regarded as a sure indication of tha presence of silver any mom than a quartz reef ia bound to indi cate payable gold. MOUNT BRYAN EA.NGE3. Locality, Sections Noa. 12148. 12143, and 12150. Udooloo Goldfielo.—An iron ore and gossan vein is being followed down by an underlay shaft to a depth of about 70 feet, at an angle of about 40 degrees. The lode is email, but strong and well defined, and varies in width from a few inches to a foot Aaampls item the fJuft assayed 1 oz. 3 dwU 20 gr., acd from a crosscut 6 dwt 12 gr. of silver-per ton. A shaft is also being sunk to cut a thin rein cf ferrocalcite containing galena. Sam ples of galena from this place lately assayed by Mb Goyder gave a high return of silver. It must be remembered that the informatton contained in this report relates to the work done on the various claims np to the date of my inspection, viz., April 14, and is exclusive of any subsequent discoveries which have been made. gig The following is a hat of assays made by Mr. G. A.Gojder:— JommncicMits 5,385 5,273 ' lets of communion ... 40,139 4Q.7S7 j Jonfirmitious fi?9 55< I damages 375 356 i Japtisms 2 3S3 2.638 569 519 Jurisls 4S3 557 luuday f choola— Teacbute 94t 916 Schclara 10,074 9 764 )fferinge and olicctions £24,049 >ittiDf?8 in church 22.583 2208) Sittirgslet 7,253 6,949 Name of Cteim. ; i ; Locality. i I 8flv-er per ton.! Other ; Mineral*. i ! Settsn .. ..; BdtanaB.H. .. Bd£in(fiilO .'.*i Bdiacwa(anllf).. O.P. Beck ML Biyia BantreB So. _ „; Kndly .. ..' do. .. ..: BigHUl .. ..j Quoro Oomstock I Great Northero.-; Bcttua Oometocfci He* Dtooovetv ..I KojmlfclDt Vajben Kxteoded! QtMtGWttCtie..! Do- _ - JcbnBxiIl— _ Whe?lTjTrtIl .. <jnom Comtort (umy So. ?) _ Great Belt* Iron BUI .. Gnat 4j?x . j Mt. Bryin Ranges: HcDonalda Enigma - Wolseley .. FnttapaGap O. P. Beck (N~o. £ a?ay) .. ..I | Do. I Do. i Da. Do. Trading Dlooloo ;? Do. 1 FiDddpiiik ! Do i DO. HonntArden FlnddpUw Hoant 8cde Mount Serle Do. Beltuu WlBDowie 5 i e auk SUM, 18 10 4 12 18 1 1 SJD o 6 ia\ 12 18 1, Nil Kil Mil KU 0 17 4 2 2 U KU : Rfl iusz! 88 7 6 XII J KU i [ JL?d.a2V i ! 1 'Bichcop- '< [per ok ! llonnt Ardeo Bettana LeigVtCnA Uoaloo Leigh Crack BelUn* Mount aerie Pntt*p? 1 DnekBood^ I FreeBng sn Ml Hfl Ml 3 7.0 sn KU xn KU i Copper ore. ?*. Da. Do. Da Da. Da !uii o Lead. 60'/ 