Tlie Hardys. AN AUSTRALIAN.STORY. .\\...r : ! '«f . i ' r : (BY " E. K. M.")1 " " ' ' ' . », CHAPTER II. "Billee! Billee!" It is three days later; and Cicely's clear tones ring out through the hall and r np the stairs,' as she mounts to her. brother's rooihj unmindful of .the, fact that Billy's manifold injuries prevent his coming to her, were he ever so anxious to do so. For, though much better, he is far from well. " Billee !" A last shrill oall as she nears the nursery door. " Well/' growls the small patient. " Come in, Cis. ;and don't stand screeching there like a'stuck pig." , This is too muoh for Cicely's dignity, and is of a truth unjust, for she has only just escaped from nurse's hands, in all the glory of her shining, un ruffled curls, fresh rosy cheeks, and spotless muslin frock. She is about to beat a retreat ; but she is weighed down by the important news of which she is the bearer; "and, besides, after all," she says to herself, swallowing down her pride, " Billy is sick. So there is some excuse for him." So she calls out from tho door tho first portion of her tidings, and delivers tho rost in abrupt dis jointed sentences, as she slowly advances to the pouch where Billy reclines. " Mother has had a lotter from Uncle Frank. Nancy Seaward is going with us ; and wo are all going away on tho 18th of Docombor." " That's all right," says Billy, complacently ; I'm jolly erlad Nanoy ÍB coming. She'll Btand between tho mater and mo in case of rows." "I say !" he sang out, as that young lady appeared in tho doorway, " What a jolly lark about your coming too ! Arn't you glad ?" " Very," answers Miss Seaward demurely ; while a crimson flush sweeps over her sweet face. " What makes your face BO' red, -Nancy P" asks Cicely curiously. " It's not red," replies she hastily, " At least. I mean* I ran up stairs quickly. So I suppose ¡I'm hot." i Billy scrutinised her features for a moment in the keenest manner, and then apparently satis fied with what he read there, turned on his heel and whistled softly to himself. " Nancy," says Cis, " What boat are we going in ? Do you know?" " The Bunyip," she replies. "A new boat and, ;so nicely fitted up." I "" Nancy," says Billy, changing the subject, j "Did you ever seen abunyip ?*" " No," says Nancy, promptly. ! "I don't know what bunyip is even/?, says ÍCÍB. I " I have heard of them sometimes. Grandpapa ¡used to tell us about one he saw when he first came to this country. The blackfellows call it a devil." *f O, tell us all about it. Sit down here and .tell us right away," says Billy, who has a i love for everything gruesome and Uncanny. ! ''Let me sit near Nancy, too," pleads little Gisi who does not like being overlooked. " Here ; get up on my knee ; and be quiet a moment, both of you, while I collect my thoughts and tell you all about it." ; r The children maintained a strict silence. " It was about the year 1830," begins Nancy. " Grandfather had received a grant of land from the Government, and a large number of assigned servants, among whom was a raw Irishman named Micky Phelan. It was this man who first told grandpapa about the bunyip. One morning, at about 10 o'olook, Micky had gone to the lagoon to get Eoroe water 5 and everyone else on the place was busy. Suddenly Micky appeared on the scene with a pale, scared face. His Bhort, stubby red hair stood on end; and his whole appearance betrayed considerable alarm. ' What is it, Mick P ' asked one of the bystanders. ' Ooh then ! Jist let me sit down, and git me breath,' answered the perturbed Michael. 'Hurry up, man,' cried out another, 'what on earth did you see P ' Hut Mick had not yet regained sufficient strength to reply. Things were at this juncture when grandpapa rode into tho stable yard, where they were all assembled, and dismounting, tied his horse to a tree near by. ' What's the mattor here ? Micky, you look as if yon had seen a ghost.' ' Sure, your honour, I wouldn't boafther mindin' if it had only been a ghost. But,' in an awe struck tono, 'savin' your prisincc, it was tho divil himself.' 'Ob, pooh!' said old Pat Ma loney. ' It was only a gbost after only. Only in this outlandish counthry, isn't everything tho opposite of the other? Sure it was a black ghost yo saw, instid of a white wan.' 'Como now, Mick ; tell us what you saw that's givon you such a fright/ said grandpapa. ' Faith, yor honour, I can't toll you what it was like. Only it was a pot-headed, baste.' A roar of laughter greeted thiB admission. But grandpapa said, ' Nonsense, Phelan. Go back, and bring up your buckets at onco.' ' Sorra wan of mo will stir a stip. I'll never go near tho placo agin.' And, as grand papa was very easy with tho men, and ha saw that Phelan was really in a torriblo fright, ho didn't insist on being obeyed." " Is that all?" asked Billy, with a disappointed! look. " Didn't anyone else ever see itP" ' "Grandfather said' that once -when he and TJnole Charlie were down at the lagoon some years .afterward they saw a queer-looking animal, something like a seal, with a shaggy mane. He waa never certain what it waa ; but he supposed that iii was the 'pot-headed baste' that poor Micky saw." . f ? ' "Tell us some more stories," demanded the youngsters. But, with a cry of " Not to-day} wait till we go up the country, and .I'U te^you lots/' she escaped from the room. , V V vf Vj/ (TO BB CONTINUED.) '. < . - '.. ?'- > 