A GHOST STORY. HOME'S FIRST VISION. (' D. D. moME: eIS LIFE A`ND ISSION," IY \- &ADA; L DOUGOAS LHOE.) Home wass"hs usual, with his friend Edwin in the woods. The two boys wore both great readers, and when either. of them had found anything in a book that interested him, it was sure to be communicated to the other. On this occasion-it was in April, 1845 or 1846-Edwin was full of a ghost story that he.had ,just read. The event it related to is associatedwith the history of a noble English family; and I am told:that it furnished Sir Walter Scott with the groundwork-of one of his ballads. A lady and her lover had mutually agreed that, if there were a life beyond this, the one Who died first should appear to. the. survivor. In pursuance of this vow, theo lover, within a few days of his deathipresented, himself so his mistress.: She treated the vision as a delusion of her nses; on which: -the, spirit stretched forth his hand and laid it on hers, leaving there a mark that :was ineffaceable. Many years after he had listened to this legend in the woods. of Norwich, Home met in England a member of the family to which it related, and was assured that the history was well authen ticated, and that a portrait of its heroine still existed, known in the family as " the lady with the black ribbon," from a covering she inad always worn on her wrist, to conceal the mark. When Edwin's story was told the two boys set themselves to discuss it, and also tno possibility of such apparitions of departed spirits to those whom they have loved on earth. With the romance of their age, they ended by agree. ing to bind themselves by the saune promise that the two lovers in the legend lid taken, and ex changed vows on the spot, in the most solemn manner they could devise. A few weeks later Home wont to-live at Troy. Ho.was then about. thirteen years of age. In the month of June following he had been. spending. the even ing at a friend's house, and on return. ing-- to that. of his aunt found that she had already retired to rest. Fearing to be scolded for beiig late, her nephew hastened to follow her example. It was a lovely summer's night, and the moon, shining through the cur tainleess window of his room, rendered a candle unneeesary; but at the moment when the bey having finished his prayers, was slippingnt bed, her light was suddeuly darkened: Strtled by the phenomenon, Home looked up, and beheld a vision that he has decribed in the opeing chapter of his "Incidents in My Life," published in the year 1863 by Mesars. Longman: "I was about to draw the sheet over me," he writes, " when a sudden darlkness seemed to pervade the room. This surprised me, inasmuch as I had not soon a cloud in the sky; and on looking up I saw the moon still shining, but it was on the other side of the darkness, whioch still grew more dense, until through the darkness there seemed to be a gloam of light, which I cannot describe; but it was sihilar to those which I and many others have since osen when theroom has been illuminated by spiritual presence. This light increased, and my attention was drawn to the foot of my bed, where stood my friend Edwin. He appeared as in a cloud of bright ness, illuminatlig bis face with a distinctness more than mortal. .... He looked on me with a smile of ineffable sweetness; then, slowly raising the right arm, he pointed upward, and, making with it three carcles. in the air, the hand began slowly ito disappear. Then .the arm, and fially the whole body, melted away. The natural light of the room was then again apparent. I was speechlese, and could not move, though I-retained all my reasoning faculties. As soon as the power of movement was restored I rang the boll, and the family, thinking I was ill, came to my room, when my first words words were ; I have seen Edwin he died three days ago.' A day or two after wards a letter. was received pannouncing the de ath of Edwin after aw?ry short illness." 