THE CHINESE QUESTION. WHITE OR YELLOW CONQUEST? [by Australia] Some ten years ago a book entitled "The White Conquest" was published bv Hepworth Dixon, describing the gradual domination of the White races over the colored in the Ameri can republics, hot also showing difficulties caused by the admixture of Indian, Negro and Hybrid peoples on the same soil. The descrip tion of the conflict, in Texas for instance, is most graphic. There the calendar of crime is a fearful record. Red men against White and Black, Black men against Red and White, for ever warring fiercely, and wild children grow ing up with the untamed passions of mingled savagery. In every part of America which is not settled exclusively by European emigrants a hybrid population exists which is a standing difficulty in the way of legislators, and the evils of slavery are avenged by the incubus of a vast Negro population weighing upon some of the fairest states. In this particular, South Carolina is the most unlucky section of America, as there Negro ascendency is com plete ; the African and his bastard brother the mulatto reign supreme. In Louisiana the two colors are nearly balanced : while in Charles ton all offices are open and a Negro can now be called to the Virginia bar, so, con sequently, could become Chief Justice. Possi bly this ascendency would not so much signify if the Negroes had been trained to habits of industry and self-reliance. But the custom of his life is work under compulsion and he under- stands persona! freedom as the liberty of idle- ness. Yet he is full of ambition. Fame and fortune seem to him the fruit of a gigantic lottery called public life, and he is haunted by the notion that if he could only invest his for tunes in that lottery he might live in a fine house and have squash and sweet potato, whisky and tobacco, all his days. Shall he stand in front? That is the question. Hep- worth Dixon replies in the negative, relying on the conquering power of the White. He says. "All the vital forces of the world are relative, and for 20 centuries Europe has been the nursery of living power. Europe supplies the other continents with life— life in plants and animals as well as in the higher forms of man. You bring a spruce from Europe to America. That spruce will grow into a forest and will kill the native trees all round. Import horse and cow and they will drive out buffalo and elk. The lower forms give way in presence of a higher type. Negro ascendency will fail before white science as surely as a forest of plants fades before an English spruce and a herd of game before an English horse." At the close of the second volume Hepworth Dixon leaves the subject of Biack and Red and takes up the question of the Yellow invasion of America, which is a more serious one, inasmuch as instead of the fantastic idleness of the Negro to contend with there is the patient industry and silent, imitative power of the Chinaman to withstand. Added to this is the fact or a great organisation sending them forth, first in hundreds, then in thousands and tens of thou sands, with millions yet behind ready to follow without making any appreciable difference in the population of Cnina, which is double that of the whole British Empire. Add the denizens of Europe to those of America and the totals will not reach the total of the Celestial Empire, while the surfiace which contains them is not half so vast as Canada. The disadvantages of the incursion, which was at its height in Cali fornia 12 years ago, are given seriatim, and would apply equally to Australia : -- How stands the great account with China ? Has an American statesman any guarantee that the Chinese now coming in from Hong kong are not all, or nearly all, rebels, paupers, murderers and slaves ? All the females, it is known, are slaves, bought in Canton by slave-owners and sent out with an avowed object. It is a question not yet answered whether China is not pouring out her worst convicts into California, much as England used to pour her worst convicts into Botany Bay? The Mongols come in swarms. Now, the American theory of public right and order is that all authority passes to the swarm. Every- one has the same right, the same vote. Majori ties decide. ... In that universal and ideal republic which is the cream of French socialists and Italian patriots we should all be subject to the swarm. Luckily the new theory of governing by swarms is limited by the yet newer doctrine ot grouping in nationalities. If numbers only were to tell, Kiang-Yen would exercise more influence on events than either France or Italy. If numbers were to rule, as in a Universal Republic they should rule, the pig-tails of the Five Provinces alone would outweigh the genius of England, Germany and the United States, . . . In arms these Mongols may be met and crushed, but how are such enormous numbers to be dealt with in a ballot- box ? These Asiatics hurt the European settlers not only in faith aud morals, in law and litera ture, but in the lower regions of animal life. In any district where they have a majority thev may carry on schools and colleges on Asiatic ratber than American lines. A Mongol has no love of physical science. He suspects a steam-engine, fears a railway train. He feels no chivalry towards tbe fairer sex. He has no care for human life. Accustomed to slavery, polygamy and infanticide in their own country, how can Chinese magistrates be hindered from allowing a Yellow brother to buy slaves to marry several wires and to drown unwelcome babies ? A Californian thinker sees that the Mongol question in America is, "Shall European civilisa tion or Asiatic barbarism prevail on the Pacific slope ?" There is an interesting account of the Five Companies who control the whole system of emigration. In order to obtain information on this subject, the author interviewed a merchant of high standing in San Francisco, with the following result : — "Will you be kind enough to tell us, Lee Wong, about the Six Companies ?" "Six Companies ! your people make mis takes about these companies. We have, in fact, Five Companies, not six. The body called by you the sixth company is a committee of management and arbitration, a local body, living in America, and charged with looking after business on the Pacific coast. The Five Companies have their seats in China, and are known by the localities in which their mem bers live. These Five Companies are : — 1, Wing Yung ; 2, Kwong Chaw ; 3, Hop Wo ; 4, Sam Jep; 5, Yung Wo. These Five Com panies collect tbe emigrants, carry them to Canton and Hongkong, make all arrangements for their transport, aud see them put on board the mails. The Sixth Company (or committee) sits in San Francisco, where its functions are to receive the emigrants on their arviral and to see that all their contracts and obligations are carried out." "Will you explain to me these contracts and obligations ?" " Yes ; but will you put yourselves in our place, and see the truth in a good light? The Melicans call us heathen, but we have our own religion, and our religion is not like the Melican (American) only for those who like, and only when they like. Our religion is for while we live and after we die. So when the five companies agree to bring a man over to California that is one thing; when they agree to take his ashes back to China ; that is another thing. You see? The agreement to bring him over is a contract ; tbe agreement to carry his ashes back is an obligation." "Are all your passengers placed under the same kind of bond ?" "Not all. We have two classes on our lists : First, such as come over in our debt and under bond to us ; second, such as pay their own fares in Hongkong and land in San Fran cisco free. We have a contract with the first class only ; but we have our obligations towards the second class also, since we are bound to carry them back in case of death." "Tell us how you begin your labor. Where do you find the people to come over ?" "The Five Companies send their agents up and down the provinces, both near tbe sea and far inland, to tell poor people, who are pinched for rice and tea, of the great markets which are opening for their labor in California, Oregon and Nevada. Of course, they talk big. Melican talk big ; Chinaman talk bigger than Melican. These agents say the hilis are made of silver and the "rivers run with gold. They offer help, giving passes to such persons as care to move. They find all means of transport ; here by road, there by river; doing things so well— having plenty of rich men to help— that they bring a man to the coast in carts and boats for less money than he could get along on foot. For five dollars they pick him up in his village and carry him down to Hongkong. If he is poor they take his bond for those five dollars, sup- plying his needs in meat and drink, for which they take a second bond. When he arrives in Hongkong they get his license and secure his berth. The fare is 45 dollars, which money they pay, also a landing fee of five dollars, which is repaid by the steam company to our com mittee in San Francisco. These five dollars paid by the committee go into the dead fund." "Then, as a rule, each man who sails from Hongkong to San Francisco is not merely a pauper, but a pledged debtor and bondman?" " Hum ! Chinaman is used to all that— he no care; he work hard and save much money. Then he go free." " How much, on an arerage, is the amount of his debt when he lands ?" . "From first to last a common passenger may ["The White Conquest,'' by Hepworth Dixon.] owe company 90 or 100 dollars. All this money he will have to work out." a." or c he becomes his own master — before he can do as he likes he must redeem his bond." "Do the Five Companies in China take his personal bond, trusting to the Sixth Company in San Francisco to get their money back ?" " They take a family bond as well. in China, every man has some one — father, uncle, brother — who is ready to give pledges. We are not iike Melicans." Our money system makes it ea«y to obtain such bonds, for every member of a family has his place in a sacred ascend ing and descending in a series from the first man to the last. If there be house and land we lake a man on house and land, the family giving us a mortgage and allowing us interest at the rate of 24 per cent" "Good interest" " Yes, it is a. trade, and as a trade we make it pay. If an emigrant has neither house nor land we ask the personal security of his father and every man who comes from Hongkong and lands in this port. " We have the moral obligation to restore his bones to China : so we tax him five dollars on his landing — to be safe. Unless we give him our certificate the Pacific Mail Company will not let him come on shore. That contract is made by the Five Companies with the mail company. When a passenger has paid his fee he is at at liberty to leave his ship, but not till he can show that he has paid this fee, in either gold or bonds." "You keep an eye on him afterwards, much as you keep an eye on your bond servant ?" "The same. We keep an eye on everyone. Who else would care about his bones?" "You have your own police and magis trates ?'' " We have our spies and head-men every where. In San Francisco we have many spies. It is thought a good thing to be a spy: a bad thing to be a ghost. A spy serves the Chinese, a ghost serves the Melicans. By means of these spies and head-men we hear of what is going on in every house. We know every man's name, and where he is, and what he is about. It is our duty to fish out things. Even when a man is dead, we have to find his bones and send them home. If not, he would be buried and forgotten like a dog." " Your company is said to wield such secret powers that you can reach offenders in any place, and strike them down at any moment, even under the eyes of local magistrates. For instance, I have heard that two of your people lived near Reno, in the Nevada Mountains; that one of them broke some rule of the Six Companies : that his fellow received a hint to kill him : and that he was put away so craftily that the crime has never yet been traced. Can such a tale be true?" "Who knows? Some Chinamen good, some bad. Melican law make bad men worse. In Hongkong if you kill a man you will be hung, whether you have plenty money or not. Money makes no difference. In San Francisco, you kill a man ; if you have plenty money, you get off. That is not good law. Here, too, all sort of secret societies are allowed. In China only bad men enter into Masonic lodges — rogues and rebels, who want to change the dynasty and destroy the faith. These secret societies are all put down by mandarins. Here the bad Chinamen start a lodge. We askk the Melicans to put them down. They answer that the law allows Masonic lodges. That bad law. The Sixth Company has to put them down." " You seem to exercise the power of a vigi lant committee ?" "No; we have no secret powers. We only have our bonds and mortgages, the sway which those who lend money have on their debtor. Ail beyond is moral force — and the two great societies of Wing Yung and Fook Ting Tong. Chinese ourselves, we understand our brethren, having the same religious rites, the same family sentiment, as the poorest followers of Tao and Buddha. Our chief authority lies in our con trol of the dead fund. A man who might not stop at murder would shrink from vexing a tribunal that may cause delay in sending back his bones to Hongkong." "Is such delay frequent?" ".Yes, for months and years. Except on our certificate no steamer will carry dead men's bones, and some of the captains will not carry them at all." " You have no vessels of your own ?" " Not yet. Our trade is carried on in Eng lish ships, and English sailors hate to carry bones. It is no part of their religion, as of ours, to be buried on the spot where they are born." Your people all go back ?" "Yes. ail good people. Here and there some Tartar rascals, having no regard for their an cestors, cut their pigtails and put on Melican clothes. Not men, but curs. Except these dogs, all Chinese go back — when they are dead." " Still you are pouring in ?" "Yes; more and more; each season more than ever. Last year five thousand; this year thirteen thousand : next year twenty-five thou sand — perhaps. In Melica, plenty land. not much people; in China, plenty people, not much land ; so Chinamen like to live in Melica, and go back to China when they die." There are some amusing stories given of the heathen Chinese, by a consul, amongst which the following seems almost too neat to be true : — " You can form no notion of the impudence of these rascals," he says. "Only the other day, in our rainy season, when the mud was 10 inches deep in Montgomery-street, a yellow chap in fur tipped and purple satin gown was crossing over the road by a plank, when one of our worthy citizen, seeing how nicely he was dressed, more like a lady than a tradesman, ran on the plank to meet him, and, when the fellow stopped aud stared, just gave him a little jerk and whisked him, with a waggish laugh, into the bed of slush. Ha, ha ! You should hare seen the crowd of people mockiug the impudent heathen Chinee as he picked himself up in his soiled tippet and satin gown ! " "Did any one in the crowd stand drinks all round ?" "Well, no ; that heathen Chinee rather turned the laugh aside." "Ay ; how was that?" " No white man can conceive the impudence of these Chinese. Moon-face picked himself up, shook off a little of the mire, and, looking mildly at our worthy citizen, curtseyed like a girl, saying to him, in a voice that every one standing round could hear: 'You Christian : me heathen. Good- by.' " More serious are the questions raised in San Francisco by the Chinese knack of learning trades. The Mongol's advent in America has brought into the front the great struggle for existence between eaters of beef and eaters of rice. Living on rice, asking no luxuries beyond a whiff of opium and a pinch of tea, John China man can toil for less money than a beef-eating fellow who requires a solid dinner, after which he likes to smoke his cuddy, drain his pot of beer, and top his surfeit with a whisky-smash. John will live and thrive where Pat must shrink, and fall. The first Chinese who came over were laborers and their rivals were Irish navvies and hodmen. John drove these rivals off the field, doing more work at less cost, and pleasing his employers by his steady doings and his silent ways. John builds the chapels, banks, hotels and schools. No room is left in San Francisco for the unskilled Irish peasant, and the movement of Irish laborers towards this slope has ceased. No sort of labor comes amiss to John. He cooks your food and digs your quarry ; rocks your cradle and feeds your cow ; mends your shed aud smelts your ore. When he has choice of work he settles down most readily to household tasks; but he can turn his hand to any work, and after once seeing things done by others he can do them pretty well himself as the story of Ho Sing will prove : — Ho Ling came by train to San Jose : the first moonface ever seen in that old Free Town. Hiring a small shed, Ho Ling put out his sign : " Washing and Ironing done by Ho Ling." Much linen may have been lying by un washed in San Jose : anyhow, Ho Ling was soon busy day and night. He sent for Chou Ping ; but the two rnoon- faces, scrubbing and squinting in their narrow room, could hardly overtake their work. Ho Llng saved money. When he had lived three months in St. Jose he called a carpenter, and asked his price for setting up ten frame shanties on a piece of ground in rear of Main-street, Ho Ling supplying him with poles and planks. "For 10 houses, $100. "Muchee dollar, muchee dollar," objected Ho Ling. "No,"' replied the carpenter, "very cheap." "Ten house— 10 dollar— one hundred dollar?" asked Ho Ling. "Yes," returned the carpenter, not thinking of his words. "Then you makee, raakee." When the carpenter set to work seven fresh moon-faces came down by train, and, after calling on Ho Ling, slouched towards the back street in which the new Mongolian town was starting into shape. Squatting on the ground, each moon- face twiddled his bit of bamboo cane, chewed his morsel of betel nut, and watched the carpenter stake his poles aud nail his planks. " Goodee buildee— ten dollar," smirked Ho Ling wheu the first shed was roofed. "I'll put "em all up for you in no time," said the carpenter, pocketing his coin- "Nowantee more house," replied Ho Ling; me makee all, me imakee all." In his new home in America moon-face has to deal with new materials. In his native land bamboo is everything ; here cedar is every thing. At home he builds his house— floor, wall and roof— of bamboo. Of bamboo he makes a bridge and a fan, a scroll and a cart, a pipe and a plough. Here he must work in cedar, on other principles, and with other tools. But he is quick to learn. Watching the carpenter at San Jose with sleepy eyes, moon-face catches up the knack of staking poles and planking wall and roof. The car penter swears, but he has no redress. Ho Ling nas not only built his street, bnt moon-face has become an expert in the builder's craft, and underworks his rival in every builder's yard at San Jose. In fact, the building trade is pass ing into Chinese hands. It is the same in many other trades. The business of cigar-making is the largest sepa- rate craft in San Francisco : thousands of per- are employed in smoothing, folding, twist- ing the tobacco leaves, and this great business has passed entirely into Chinese hands. The boot trade, the '.vo'o'bju manufactures ana the | fruir-pre.«erv::g bu.-iii"?? are al«o mainly car- j ried on by Chins«3 .r.bo-. | An account is given of the initiation of the ! Chinese into the art c-i watchmaking, through j j their empiovrcent by a firm o: watchmakers. . ; Great rj. iftau.ce made to this innovation, ! j and tbe esiilea workaen orpaaiscd a deputa- | lion to the nvivi;-:?:. He answered : — "I will be generous and :a ike this propori- | tion : if vcu can get me American boys uud ; girls who wili do a much work and do tt as j w-fil ar the Chir.e-e. I will give them the prefe rence and the same pay. You may now apo.o- j gise ami retire." ' , Dropping this tone of piea-anlry, tne writer "The'remlt' is, the Chinese are to be era- p'ovei : a few at first and more in time. £0 that the seeds are sown for tue destruction of a people's industry. Another weapon of de fence :? taken from the hand of free labor. Here, a civ. whore iu California, Oregon and Nevada, the rice- oatcr is pushing the bsef-eatcr to the wall. In Ca.ifornia the arrival of a cargo of female slaves caused ;; law to be passed empowering the authorities to reuuire the comoanv to carry them back. Tins having been overruled by the Court, an apnea, to \Va«hiugtou wa made, and j the IVeriv-'LU' words followed by those of nj Senator: — " I call the attention of Cor.gr.>.' to ' the generally conceded fact that the gfvat pro- " portion of Chinese immigrants who come u our ; snores do not come ostc:;$ibiy to make t:.eir . homes with us and their laborproouctive of gene j ral i?ro«perity, but uudcr a contract with head j men, who own them almost absolutely. In a worse form does th:.? apply to Chins The Senator continues: "in Sacramento we have do illusion ou the subject of this coming in of Asiatic scum. The Mandarins are emptyiug all their cesspools on our coast. Yon doubt I. t-.U you China is an ov" -rcrowdei country, where people swarm beyond the mean of life. They ti'.l the laud wr.h crime? ; millions are pauper?, millions more are slave?, in California the Maudarias have f und a penal colony, to which, through our cupidity ami folly, they are now transport ing inetr " vagabonds, c.iurnaU and harlots. They are mighty smart, those Mandarins, for they uo; oniy rid themselves of social filth but make these outcast bear the cost of their re moval from the interior to Hongkong. With all your cleverness, you English have not yet beeu able to persuade an Australian colonv thn3 to receive your malefactors. We are little more than 3iUH'0,0nO of White people; they are upwards of 3uJ.0d0,000 of Yellow people: so to spire us 50,005,000 would be nothing to them, while the gift would be death to us." The Senator is right. A drain of fifty millions from the five provinces would leave those provinces as densely crowded as Ireland was before the famine. It would pay the Go vernor .-ot ci Pekin to hire ships aud .-end :besa fifty million? 6ut— spread about tbe United States, as laborers for wages always spteud themselves about. Fifty millions of Mongols would yield a sate majority iu every ballot- box. Who says they will never come to America or Australia ? Who knows what men will dare wheu pressed by want? Hunger has broken through stone walls and braved tempestuous seas. Failure of a root transferred a third part of the Irish people to America, though an Irish kerne is just as fond o: his native soil as a Mongolian peasant. Who knows the future of the tea plant ? We have had a vine disease and a potato blight. Suppose the tea plant were to fail ? If such a disaster should convert China into another Ireiaad, the people would hare to leave it in millions. If a seventh part of the Chinese people weut over to America, or a twentieth to Australia, they might ultimately assume the ruling power. llicent legislation has checked the evil in San Francisco, dam men back the flood of Yellow invasion and made the companies look afield for a fresh outlet. This lias been found ia Northern Queensland, so conveniently handy for Chinese vessels, and with a climate thoroughly suited to Mongols. Admission or virtual exclusion is now t'ue question before tbe colonial Governments. The Celestial has his advantages in districts decidedly no: for European workers. Where labor i3 scarce, employers are glad io avail themselves of their services, and in many cases the supplanting that the British workman com plaints of is the result of his own graspingness and want of conscientious inuustrv. The ."Government stroke," or behind-the-master's- back negligence, makes many an opening for patient John, and trades unionism with its would-be free tyrannies is in many case3 the Heathen Chinee's aily. There is much to be said on both sides. It is a benefit to the workman's wife to ba able to gat cheap tables and drawers in Lower George-street, and in the country to have green vegetables grown and jogged around in districts where Pat does net even dream of digging in a potato : but against those cabbages and tables are many serious considerations nnd the danger of a Yellow conquest by mere force of numbers. As aa illustration of what these numbers are the following statistics may be interesting. Ten years ago the extent and population of the largest countries were Souls.- Rritisb Empire. P.0C0.009 square miles .. 224.0K>,cOO Chimi, 3,OWa«OU do. .. .. .. V.'O.OOO.OQO Russia, 7,UU0,DU0 Uo. .. .. .. T-i.OO.i.OOO Uuited stilts, 3.0ua,0G0 Uo. .. .. 40,006.000 In spite of this numerical preponderance, Mr. Dixon considers that as China is standing still while the other countries are steadily rising, the Great White Conquest i3 being accom plished, and — he devotes a separate line to the announcement— 44 The surface of tbe earth is passing iuto Anglo-Saxon hands." Still he says warniugly : — a Disaster iu the past, menace in the future, warn- us to staud by our common race; our blood, law, language, science. We are stroug, but wc are not immortal. A. house divided against itself must fall. If we desire to sea our free institutions perish, it is right that we should take the part of Red men, Black men and Yellow men against our White brethren. If we wish to see order and freedom, science and civilisation preserved, we shall give our first thought to what improves the white man's growth and increases the White man's strength. So many foes arc still afield that every White man's cry should be 4 Close ranks !' and when the ranks are closed, but not till then— 4 Right in front— march I' " 