News in a Nutshell New South Wales. The deep-sea sailing vessels towed into Port I Jackson the month of May represented | 44,709 tons. A VIV has been found near Glen Innes with I both legs burnt off. The accident is not | aocoonted for. " •- T.nr rear the Government vaccinators vac cinated 3,045 persons, as compared with 1,753 in 1SS6 mid 7,055 in 1SS4. Th» iats manager o! the Commercial Bank of -Tinonee has been sentenced to three years' im prisonment for embezzlement. Feck the years 1882 to 1887 inclusive 9,706 left "the oolonr The arrivals were | rerr wreafly in excess of that number. very greatly in excess c Kb. N. B. Dowsixo's temperance mission at Bathurst has been very successful, and the audiences each evening have been good. TVs 2s te Mr. Chin eh en, tobacconist, New castle, has leit to the Newcastle Benevolent Society the snm of £15,000 on the death of his widow. f A rotnra married woman attempted to commit suicide at Wilcannia on May 29 by taking laudanum, the alleged cause being jealousy of "her husband. The whale killed by the steamer Grand off Jems Bay has been towed into Botany Bay, where it. will be tried out. It is one of the sulphur-bottom species. A biz lie recently held in aid of the Tenter field School of Arts resulted in a sum being realised of over £154, exclusive of a donation of £25 from Miss E. C. "Walker. Mbs. Fsosr and family, it is stated, aie new past any danger from the shock occasioned them through toe terrible ordeal experienced on account of toe recent deaths of Mr. and Miss Frost. Jnt Fooibtt, the champion middle-weight boxer of Australia, and wbo bails from the Bathurst district, being a Wattle Flat native, is about to make a trip to America in search of mora laurels. The directors of the West Wallrend Colliery will formally open their new mine on the 19 to. An attempt is being made to work this mine by men who pledge themselves not to join the Miners' Union. Two brothers named Thomas and Joeaph Cain have been arrested on snspidsn ef being oonceraed in the recent atickiag-ap case at Magil MogiL They were traced by black trackers for over 100 milasfrom toeplaoe where the crime waa committed. Snraxsr Stlsx, s selestcr at Borringbar, . was found dead on his plaoe on Hay 31, his •ellar bone being- broken, sad hie face injured. He had been felling trees en his selection, and it is supposed that a limb fell on him, causing the iajtmee which resulted in his death. ^ • As showing the increased popular!ty~err heli . • days ef the railways at Hydneyjand toe resorts .to which they lead, it may be interesting to • state that during the four days ef Faster week 60,Mi tickets were disposed of over and above die number sold during the corresponding por . tien of last year. Yotuto girls, do not go in for wrestling, or you may oome to grief. In Sydney a young woman named Emma Chnrchland was amusing herself by wrestling with a female companion, when they both fell to the ground. In toe fall the woman's left leg beat nnder her, causing the knee-cap to snap. Az Gtmdagai, on May 29. as toe Salvation Army was passing along Sheridan street toe captain, a female, was etrucx on the Lead with . a stone, which inflicted a serious wound and severed a number of small arteries. She was very bad that nigbt, but next day the dsctor had hopes of her recovery. The number of aboriginals in the oolony increased from 4,893 in 1886 to 5,042 in 1887, bat the adults were considerably fewer last year than previously. There were 2,860 half castes at the end of last year compared with 2,741 in 1886, while 393 aboriginal children y were .attending toe schools conducted by the Aborigines Protection Board. ] ' , Aw old man named Stevens, who had been \- ■ drinking heavily, while camping in the bush cm ' May 30 near Rose Hill, made a fire at toe foot of a hollow tree, which, from the position in * which he was found next morning, appeared to have burned throughandfalltnnpcm him. When \- discovered by a passer-by he waa tightly pinned \- to the earth ■ by toe smouldering trunk and .• fearfully burnt. He died in the Porramatta Hospital without recovering consrionmese. JEsar /BwiTiL, who figured prominently in, the CUromont 1' Ghost Mystery," was een ' teased to six monihs' imprisonmen t in Dariing , . hurst on the 1st instant on a charge of having ' in her possession a portion of a heifer reason ably expected to have been stolen." The «nim«l : -was the property of Mr. W. Garner, and waa | • very -valuable one. A man who had been 1 living" with Mrs. Small was remanded on a similar charge. A T0v?8 man employed as s fireman on board the steamer Waterview had a narrow escape from drowning at about half-past 6 p.m. on May 30. He attempted to jump off the vessel as ihe was n earing the Darling Wharf, Sydney, but jumped ehort and fell into the water. A young man named James Petty placidly jumped in with, his clothes on, and jnst manged to catch the fireman by toe bead as he was sinking, and got him safely ashore. A tit,named Eera, of Granville, had a ' satracnlons escape from death on May 30. He vaS ascending a ladder, 40 feet high, at toe new Commercial Bank premises, Granville, and had reached the top rung but one when the rung he grasped at suddenly gave way, and lie fell backwards a distance of fuily 35 feet to ' the ground. His fall was broken by his c-ming Into contact with two portions of scaffolding, tot notwithstanding this it is surprising how be escaped being* killed. I/era landed on bis feet, and although be was apparently only suffering from the shock it is feared be is hurt internally. 