LEYItl'KK. (FROM A COKUKhPONhr.NT.) At the Police Court, before Mr. H. Gore, J.P., on the lHth inwl., one Wilr-on was accused of shooting a foal belonging lo Mi . Coutidlo, of Thanc't* Creek. The man pleaded guilty, and elccttJ to 1)0 committed for scntnnce. It ap pears that the foal was a thorough nuiBancc to all on the divings. At night, when all was quiet, a terrible din would aiiae among the poU and pans left outside by this foal looking for anything in the (shape of ({rub. The man Wilson, after being dietuibcd several times one night, got up and loaded li is gun with maize and let drive at the animal, and it retired and gave up the ghost. The police arrested the man without any warrant, and the conduct of the arresting conBtable appears to have been anything but what is the regular proceeding in Buch h case. Without cautionyig the prisoner that anything he said would be used in evi dence against him, Jie bounced him into giving him (tile constable) the whole particulars, which ovidence was brought out bv the con* stable at the hearing of the ease. This cod* stable has evidently mistaken his avocation; lie Bhould leave the ' foorce' and bccomc a wizard, for, although the foal was shot with maize, the constable produced a minute portion of the foal's heart with a leaden shot in it. Wilson, who is a poor man, pleaded guilty. He had not a word to say for himself. InBtead of getting a testimonial for ridding the diggers of a thorough nuisance, he goes up next month for trial, and, being a married man with a I family depending on him, his h a particularly | hard case. ! A public meeting took place at Mr. Bell's | Hotel on tha 12th to draw out a petition and have it presented to the Divisional Board through the local member (Mr. Drape), praying the Board to erect a pump for the use of the ratepayers of the .town. It i8 really wanted, for the dirt and filth that is carted up from the watering place is enough to cause a fever. , We have had a splendid downpour of rain. On Saturday over half an inch fell, and on Monday another half inch fell; but, like all Quuenslunders, when a good thing is given, Our cry is "more." 1 Leyburn, November 14,1888. 