'BO^iND TO GO.' Tim Snaclc could net-er remember where 'ko was born 5 all he -could tell was that the first recollection -of life dawned upon him in a stable yard. How he got there ho could never find out, so mixed and various were the tales of his first ap pearance at that now forgotten old posting «[rnu„ wnn -» ill knew was, that ho was dependent on the generosity of the cook for his food, and to the rapid growth of the ostler's children for his scraps o£ clothing. His sleeping room was a hay loft ; his toilet stand tho grim. 'old' fashioned pump j hii toys broken whips and useless harness ; and his school the inn yard— in short, he came to 'be looked upon as one of tho live stock of tho place, and shared tho popularity of the Stable cat .' No wonder, then, he imbibed & love 'for horses. He knew no such thing as fear, and seemed to possess a charm against kicks and bites — 11 fact clearly proved when it was known that in an endeavour to obtain hiB first mount he tried to reach the: saddle with the assistance of the 'horse's 'tail. But Tim growing up, it was soon found 'that ho was too bulky for a jockey, and, finding thero was no hope for his Obtaining 'fame in the pigskin, he work-ed from ono .grade to another, till ho found himself one ? of the best whips travelling between the '''Well Bun Dimple' and London. Tim was a peculiar character, and, con trary to the general run of this .class, ho was not of a chatty nature. He .pointed out the objects of interest on the oroad with a jerk of his whip, and replied 'to -your questions in the most laconic way, amounting to almost gruffnesa; yet you could not ocoupy the box seat long before you found an unexpected gentleness leak ing ont through the rough cruet of his manner in tho handling of his horses and | the carressing tones he addressed 'to them, I as he called each one by name. .1 was a frequent traveller by his coach, and had many opportunities of observing him, and I grew to ljike him, so 'that one . day, having us usual booked my box seat, 1 my surprise may be imagined when, on reaohing the coach, I found a strange man in Tim's place. All I could learn of him wae th*t he had obtained a ' fust-rate job through a -swell yonng feller as had taken a fancy to him.' Years passed away. A change in my circumstances caused me to alter the locality of my residence, and in time Tim Snazle slipped out of my memory. Late ono evening I arrived at (Doncaster, the night before the St. Leger. Fortu nately for me I had been thero before on similar, occasions, and therefore 'had taken care to secure accommodation -at my usual hotel. After supper. I wa3 standing on the steps smoking a cigar* nnd .w/itchiiig the crowd passing to and fro, when my attention was' attracted to a form selling the evening papers'. ' He was dressed in a 'faded hunt ing coat, leather' breeehes, patched top boots, and a worn-out huntsman's cap. I hailed him ; he came limping towards me, and in the glare of the gaslight over the door I recognised Tim Snacle, haggard and changed ! He remembered me at once. After -some little trouble I found a place where he could sit by the fire and have some re freshment, after which I ordered him a pipe and tobacco and a foaming tankard oE ale. My inquiring as to how ha had come to that pass met with the reply — ' It is a long etory, sir, and maybe you wouldn't care to waste your time in listening.*' ' I assured him that I was anxious to know what he had been doing, whereupon he said — ' It's kind o' you, sir, to say so, but what I'vo seen and known since I saw you, sir, is as strange as any story-book you ever read.' He paused ; then when he had thickened the clouds about his pipe and fortified himself with a long pull at the tankard, ho went on to say — 'You remember, o' course, when I used to run the Highflyer, for many a time you've started with me from the ' Well Bun Dimple,' and you alius managed to get the box seat. Yeu will remember too, sir, my pointing out to you on the road a sort o' 'cad'my school for young gents, — course you does. Well, raany's the time I've had to stop there to pick up, and no ono can tell the trouble I've had, sir, with somo o' tho young vaccrint3. How bomever, that's neither here nor there. 'There was one o' the young gents there as alius come out to ceo a lot of 'em off homo for the holidays, but alius stayed ?behind hisself. No, sir, he warn,t no teacher, but a poor yonng swell as 1 soon found out ns had nobody to oare more about him than to keep him at school as much ns possible, it seems, out o' the way. Woll, on my down journeys I used to find him awaiting for me at the inn door, and he would ask in a don't-carish sort o' way about young So-and-so, or young This, or That, and who was thero to meet them ; and when I described the gladness like o' tho meetings I'd seen, he'd just say ' thanks,' in a voice as cold as if he'd dug ?the word out o' a snow heap, then turn on his heel, and stuffing his hands iu his trouser pockets, make off up the road ns if he didn't care about being left alone, but I knowed by tho long look out in his eyes as he listened that the one yearning of his heart, poor lad, was for a home to go to. ' Well, never mind, , sir, idw we got to like' ono another — rn&ny; a ride ho had be side mo, and many a time I let him take the'ribbons, and I ain't ashamed to say, sir, how glad it made mo to see the plea sure it gave him. The 'oases knowed him at last, sir, as well as they did me, and I warn't jealous of him neither, and I often said to mysel,' ' Now if he'd only plenty o* money, wouldn't he keep a lot o' cattle o' the right sort.' I little thought then that my words would come true. 'Time wore on, till them as had sent him to the 'cad'my sohool seemed to reki leot his existence, nnd sent for him all of a hurry-liko, and he left, the place as mys terious as he'd come to it. L missed him a good deal, and I never stopped to drop or pick up young gents but I thought of him, and wondered what he wos a doing of. - ,v. ' Mentbsand months went by, sir, slow but sure, when one day I started from tho Well Bun,' with a smart young fellow be side me, and such a one for laughing I never did see. When wepasscd the 'cad'my place ho laughed harder than over, till at 'last, says he — ' ' Tim Snazle, don't ye know mo ?' ' I'd forgotten his faoe, I'd forgotten his, figure, but hiB voioe I never would forget, for it was my young 'cad'my gent's voice. Ho was quite a strapping fellow, as light o' heart and bright o' face, sir, as you'd see in a wcok's march. I soon learned what 1 he'd been sent for in such a hurry. Ho ' belonged to a swoll family and was related to a barrownight, but there seemed no chance of his ever getting a place in Fortin's handicap ; how'someevor death cleared the course for him, and though he started a rank outsider with any amount o' odds agin him, he goes and lands a winner ! aud instead of plain Mr. he be comes Sir Chattftm Wynne of Wynne Hall : ' Well, tho day ho found hisself our old market town he thought 0' me, sir, and ho takes his seat beside me, the end or which was he makes me a generous offer as undor groom in his stable, for, just as 1 had often thought of him if ever he had tho chance, he owned a tr.p-top racing stud. ,, '1 , I '* Ho behaved like a trunip to me, bit, and I had a rare time of it. j \- ' One wf his best chums, sir, was an other raoing swell — a ir Smith. Heard the name afore P Well, I desay you have, air. He was a constant visitor at .Wynne Hall. On one oocasion we had a house full ?0' -company, and among 'em was tho lovi lest young creetur I ever clapped eyes on as was engage®, to Mr Smith. Well, sir, we servants ellus have our eyes and -ears ?open, and without the help of & weather cock we soon seen which way the- wind was. My young master lost his head over her, and thinking it all fair in -love andi ?war, as the sayin' is, he makes eyes at her on the quiet. I don't know that he was as good-looking as Mr Smith, nor as rich, but he had a'handle to his name, and that, I daresay, 'had some weight 1a the matter. ?However, the visit ended ; but, 'before 'long, tho fashionable world woke up ono a'ternoon and found the young lady had changed her mind, thrown over Mr Smith, and married our young master ! O' course we saw no more 0' Mr Smith at the Hall after that. ' Both on 'em had 'osses entered for the big turf event o' the year, and the rivals in love became rivals for the Blue Bibbon. ''Our'osa became first favourite:; for a long time they had been neck-and-neck in the betting, but as the day come on, it leaked out something was wrong with our ?rival, and so he went back. At first we thought it a dodge, but the sharpest tonts had been about— men with the cunning of Indians and the sharpness -o* weasels— and we soon found out that, bar accident, it was a moral for us. I never want to 'lie in the stable with a favourite again, sir; a thousand miles in a thousand hours is feather-bed comfort compared to what I went through. What with looking arter our own people, keeping the lads* tongues quiet as to our work, and blinding them telescope eyes o' the touts, to eay nothing o' guarding our 'oss through the long nights with lanterns and bull-dogs, I was glad when tho day 0' the race came, and our 'oss, . amid the shouts -of thousands and in a perfect bloom o' condition, sir, left the paddock. The betting was odds on our '03s, sir ; any odds against theirs. 'The crowd had caught eight of our rival, and jeered as he went to the starting-point, bandaged and clothed as if he'd just come out o' the hospital. Why, it warn't known till the last minute who was to ride him, and he, eir, turned out to bo a jockey — a rattling good one — that had been left ont in the cold, as he was touched with consumption, and warn't thought likely to pull & mount through ; while there, sir, white as a ghost, was the owner hiding away from the crowd ? on crutches ! Now you can imagine, sir, at what price our rival started. ' The start was made; then came a roar and then a sudden hush — eyes were strained to catch through the half blind ing rain — for it was a wet day, too — a sight o' the advancing colours. Such a swaying of the crowd, sir, and such a shouting and a straining o' necks as they neared the corner. Tho ring looked like ah asylum yar$ as the 'oases tore into the straight for homo ; on.they came galloping through the dfiwnpour until, judging by myself, every, heart seemed to jump up into every, mouth and then fall back with a dead thud, as our rival passed lengths ahead by the winning post ! 'The consumptive jockey, and hospital 'oss had won, and ruin stared us in the face. ' Knowing ones, toute, tip3ters, and all, had been taken in, sir ; they had eeen only a likeness of our rival at work, and so Mr. Smith was avenged ! 'A month afterwards Sir Chattam found himself ruined, homeless, beggared, and deserted by all. His wife sought a home amongst her friends, and so he drifted, sir, from bad to worse, thoroughly broken-hearted. He never recovered from the blow;' ' What became of hini ?' ' Well I don't want to boast, sir, but I would ha' stuck to him through thick and thin, and I hinted as much, but he listened with the same long look off as he had done when I told him about his 'cad my friends years agone, and with the same freezing ' thanks.' ho turned on his heel careless-like, in his old proud style, and so T lost sight of him. ' A run o* bad luck laid me on mv back, for I broke mv leg, sir, and when I came out o' hospital I was glai to turn my hand to anything, and for long and long I lived a from hand to mouth existence. I never forgot him, sir, and I knowed what his life must be by my own, only that his was wus. I was born to it, and ho wasn't. Well, I could get nothing in the yards where I was known. And at last, arter wandering here and there, T found myself in this place and here I've stayed ever since.' Tim stopped nnd laid down his pipe. I rose and he followed my example. I put my band in my pocket and drew forth some silver, and handing it to him I said — ' I have been thinking, Tim, what I can do for you, nnd have hit upon a plan that will place you in comfort for the rest of your days j however, take this in the meantime and pee me in the morning.' ' Oh, sir,' said Tim, with tears rising to his eyes, ' I thank you, not so much for my self as I do for him.' 'Him!*' I echoed ; 'what him?' Tim paused a moment, looked at me hard, then Baid : 'Would you come v ith me, Bir ? it's not far.' I assented, and after speaking to the night porter, we went out. Late ns it wa=-, there woro plenty of stragglers about dis cussing the merits of the favourites of the morrow's racei'f ' ' i e1 Tim^^ed' down*'into a dark, narrow place, that in tho dark'had all the appear ance of a disused mews. We stopped be side a stable, and, opening' a side door, Tim groped up some narrow 'stairs and I followed. At the top was a sort of loft turned into a make-shift apartment. There was no fireplace, and the furniture consisted of a couple of broken ohairs and a weak-legged table, on which was a bottle with a candle fiiokoring in it as it crusted the sides of tho bottle with a kind of tal low icicles. A bed on the floor was made up in the warmest corner ot the _ place, with the form of a man on it; looking in the ghastly light like a laid-out corpse, only that the hard breathing told one that he was alive. ' Is that you, Tim ?' he asked, in a low voioe, 'I was afraid, old boy, you would bo too late, and that I should start on my last journey without your God-speed. Give mo your hand, Tim ; but for you I mi'ht have ' died in tho gutter, and but for me you would- have been botter fed — you've pinched ana schemed for me, old fellow, and I can only say tha ? no, no, not that word to you now —God bless you. Don't ory, old man, I m only tho last of my race,, and nobody. Why, Tim, I've turned roarer — do you hear ?— and fit only to bo turned out to grass — aye, to grass, Tim. Many a jour ney wo've made together, Tim, in the good old 'cad' my days as you used to call them, and I've taken die ribbons from you. Ihe ribbons— yes hand 'em ovor, Tim you can't go with me this journey— I must make it alone. See what the weather s like— eh?— oh yes, I seo— rough, stormy, and dark— but whatever the weather I in bound to go ! Hark, there's tho signal, the starting horn — all ready ? away with tho lantern— givo them their heads— no, God bless you, dear old Tim — dark dark s tho road, but ' bound to go !' And so the life of poor oldfaithful Tiin-s master passed away. 