RITUALISM. The conspiracy amongst the clergy to introduce Romish Ritualism into the Pro testant Reformed Church of England, appears to make, we regret to say, some headway in Australia. The movement is distinctively a clerical one, and its aim is to elevate the priestly caste into a posi tion of power over the laity, whose sole privilege it is to obey and pay-up, With consummate tact, the first more made in the very commencement of the Oxford, Tractarian or Puseyite heresy, was to seize upon the training schools of the clergy, so as to inflate the young men with an overweening sense of clerical im portance, and religious superiority. Ox ford, the seat of learning, proved more amenable to the enemy than the sister university of Cambridge, and became so identified with the sacerdotal plan of campaign as to give its name to the move ment. Pusey was the arch-conspirator, and around him were gathered a number of talented men, who found congenial sympathy with a Judaising priesthood and Pharasai ostentation, in the exact performance of the minutiae of a sensuous, untruthful worship. The unregenerate heart of man, the world with all its self ishness and folly, and the prince of this world — the devil, are at enmity with Christ ; it was therefore a matter of no surprise that Pusey-Ritualism became fashionable at the outset and remains so now. The history of all heresies reveals the fact, that the widest spread error depends for its power upon the adroit admixture of the greatest amount of truth ; the Devil ventured to quote Scripture to the Lord Jesus, with a false meaning attached; and with regard to Ritualism, the influence of that bad example is very evident, for it is but necessary to turn in every in stance to the context, in order to find a refutation of the error so ' plausibly bolstered up by Scriptural misquotations. This leads us to impress upon Protestants of all denominations, that the Word of God is the armoury from which their weapons of defence must be taken. And it is the wide- spread distribution of the Holy Scriptures that strengthens us in the belief, that when the laity realise what the dishonouring pretensions of Ritualism are, and are made to feel the insolence of an overbearing priestcraft, indications of which at Waverley, our issue of last week pointed: out, they will rise up in all- their might and sweep to the winds the travesty of true religion Ritualism is a sort of clerical scarlet fever, and when once the disease germ enters the system, an eruption of forms, ceremonies, symbols, and many-coloured vestments takes place. The choir is sur- pliced, and owing to clerical contagion, begins to break out into gabbling the responses, whining the prayers, facing eastwards, bowings, and crossings, with ah undying ambition to perform elaborate anthems and mass music. The full virulence of the disease however affects the clergy : they must intone and sing, so that the congregation cannot understand a word of what they are supposed to be saying.. From the pulpit their one theme is the Church, which is simply themselves, and they surround with grievous mystery the only ordinance that the Lord Jesus enjoined upon his followers — the Last Supper, With a determination to turn topsy turvy all that is true, the simplicity of a memorial feaBt held in the evening, must be turned into an early morning fast, or an elaborate function of a purely Pagan origin — High Mass. The free influence of God the Holy Spirit to dwell within the soul of all who believe in Christ, is wilfully ignored in that dissenters are beyond the pale of salvation, and God the Holy Ghost, the third person of the Trinity, is rigidly confined to a Belf- styled priesthood, through the fiction of Apostolic Succession: and it is because of the supposed, but entirely erroneous, in- dwelling of this episcopally transmitted Pentacostal spirit, that the bold blas phemy is perpetrated, which pretends to drag down Christ from heaven, and locate Him in a wafer and the wine of the Com munion Service. Truly there is a deep mystery of iniquity connected with this heresy, but in the extenuating cant of the day, the Episcopal overseers regard such doctrines as merely the vagaries of a school of thought that has a legitimate, standing place within the historic Church of England. What the outcome in England will be, . it is not difficult to foresee. The State Church is doomed, for when Parliament comes to exercise its lay privileges, then the anomaly of Established Anglo- Romanism in Protestant England, will be allowed to exist no longer. To the victors belong the spoil, and by the nation will be claimed the emoluments. If the rich Church be despoiled, Christi anity will gain, for riches are deceitful and a clergy who can set their congrega tions at defiance will then be a dream of the past. In Australia, tainted clergy- schools have Bent out young priestlings, while the home seminaries have trained men now in the colonies with still greater pretensions to be ia sacrificial priestly caste. In the diocese of Sydney, the effectB of imported ritualism, and the recent Moore College sacerdotalism, are beginning to be felt ; in that the funds of the Church Society are dwindling, and the laitv are becoming very distrustful of the clergy. Good men are driven from the Church of their fathers, and the godless indifference of the age finds in the puerile folly of ritual worship the most cogent of reasons, why the men should never enter the House of God, but enjoy tbe pleasures of a boating excursion or picnic on the Lord's Day. Unless the Gospel message be faithfully proclaimed bv all the Churches, and the Lord Jesus Christ be preached, it is possible that the age will change from indifference to sceptical hostility, which will be fierce in the inten sity of its wrath. 