^htMuh The returns on the South Australian rail ways for the week ending May 19 amounted to £19,406. The sum received durinsr the cor responding week of 1887-was £10,917. The Rev. J. C. Woods announced from th« pulpit on Sunday that Mr. Wybert Reeve had consented to deliver a lecture on ' The pulpit and the stage' at the Unitarian Church on the evening of next Sunday week. The Australian Smelting and Refining Co have received the following cable advice foam their London agent, dated May 25 :— ' Stan dard Bilver, 3s. 6d. per oz.; market firm; soft Spanish lead, £12 5s. per ton ; market firm.' As old man namea reter TuorooK, an old resident of Hurtle Vale, was found dead on Monday. It appeared that be had been drinking heavily lately, and on Sunday fell out of his bap while under the influence of liquor, . ' There is talk in political circles of a no confidence motion. If anything is done the motion will, of course, be tabled by Sir John Downer, who, it seems, has not forgotten that his ministry was turned out of office during his absence from the colony. The steamer Riverina, which left No. I quay at Port Adelaide on Saturday afternoon with 29,200 ban of bullion in two conai«n mentB, besides a cargo of general merchandise, ? drew 1 foot 6 inches of water more than any other vessel that baa left the harbor laden.' Our South Inkerman correspondent informs us that a fatal accident occurred there on Monday afternoon to a. man named Henry Lawrence, in the 6010107 of Mr. Prince, far mer, of Wild Horse Rams. He was at his work on the farm when he was. knocked down and run over by a roller, being instantly kated. Messn. J. W. Castane and J. J. Duacao, members lor Woorooa, have, at the request of. several of their ccBBtituante, arranged with . the Ccmmisaioner of Grown Lands toalLow the Government Geologist to visit Bivertoa and Auburn to report upon mineral cln-img in and. around the district. The Rev, 3. M. Donaldson, of Kaptmda, re turned to the colony on Wednesday by. tits E.M.S. BaHaarat, afier an extended tour through- ISoxope mA Atoiaritm, M*. and Mrs. Donahfeon were originally paaBoageza by the &.M.S. Garonne, -aads£terthe.accident to idi&t; vessel in the Bed Sea wese transhipped intofeha . Ballaarafc ? : At file - meeting of the 'Norwood 'Draughts Club held on Ixiday the president, Mr. .J- Hanton, announced tto* Sir B. T. Smith had consented to become patron of the cfnh, and had forwarded a cheque for a substantial smoutrt t towards the funds of the club. He added that the membership now numbered over 40, and wbb weekly increasing. . -' It was rumored on Wednesday that a Mel bourne syndicate had purchased the Morphett ville Racecourse, but on enquiry we were in formed that instead of Morphettville it waa the LocHeys course that had been bought up as* land speculation at £S0 an acre; auoi&at; the same syndicate had purchased the Arcade in Bundle-street, - \\-'-\ With reference to the decision, of the Trea surer to allow rebate to jam and sauce makers.: onfcoTtand tomatoes Impor£ed.and again* ex ported in the manufaoiared. state, Mr. W. Gate, of the Customs X-ep*rtmeBt, has been' appointed to examine thebobka olthe different firms interested in. order to check Sieainbuats , of rebate to which' they itfeentiHea.* ' '. A military review wfll be held-anvtiie after noon of 'Jane 26V Infantry -volunteer com panies wishing to take part inthe reviaii! Irwa Terowie and southward, and. iron iM^ust Barker and Goolwa will be able to travel ,by tbemormrjg on that d**0' Companies- north of Terowie and at Mount Gambler and M3n cent will travel by the oidmary train onr Jtob 19\. '? ? ;r;:-:- ' ; T.j;;,. y./ ;; Mr. Glynnon Saturday laornug grafted on the Attoxney-Gaenl toieegge* Swt pt ot the elector*! district of theBurra, Bfmf JTnrgjri. should be added to the district «f light* /Toe electoa were toe fax fieam tte Bwra-to-exerciaa the franctoe, but cmtd «w^ vote at the polling- places ia JJight.«3iiB Attomey-Goaoml ; promised to attend to Mob mvtter m*Ay- elee- toral* Bak iatzodooed during tbe ganriag sesnan. ?- . ..- ? i ? , .-: -i ?_ \~, -. ^;-r .-. i A nwranent is ??enfoot to hahr a jjeheral Forcayf the cofoajr. At peHagaiP reHgionit ?_ \- (JemflnimfaoBB rttgy jcnrwteitwi in ~Q£& fonJBSy ~ft [ is thonghttfartit would Tt»* good ideate:lwld 1 a rniftert ihmeu Mtade mi »?-- the- nriniatera «f the various ehurshes to assist. If JHietftwi is taken np warmly the Town, H»U jhU be : B«Hired, and a combined «hoir wHLDrobahlybs provided..' '''.;.'?- '-.'-P.. '.V ' '..'??'T^'^^'.f TfapfoltowiBS fiiMWatm nrBminod tjWoo^: ville on Wettaesd** iiy-DE. IfauttoB p*^8d=tt« ' firat-aif eraminatinn in cameaaoo wiftUtt St. Jona ?*»*««-«-«» *—»«««. ^-ft Acttiar, A. Berrj, J,N. firia, J. F. Birka. W. Oh» man, W. F. FeomeuV C. Seatfa, €k=Ei Hsok, Z. H. Jonas, J, Xedger,, H. fedgBr, _T. Ledger, Jr H. MadBan^ M L, OT)e»,G.E. RawKngs, 3. IV ZtwwMoai, -Z. «*de, «L a Tregeoja,*Bd G. A, WStooreV -,. r The annotmcement of ^he deaffi .of Mr, George James, for many jettstwidloTd of Jhe . KorfolS Arms m Kundlejitreet, wfll D^'Mr ceived wittlj?eneral regret flirrwighoat tbe city, . and especial^ among ddcolonnrts. Mr. James had beeaiUfor a Tajtg im^ and indeBdA w(M never in very good heaub snbBeouent to hu«e tirement from busmes* a . few year* ag»« ~JBb died at his residence, Norwood, 6n Wednes day, atttesge^W jeats,*Bwarbeel| mitto colony since 1888,:wbea he^arriwd in the EoyalsAdmaat- . ? .v* i.V - SL -?? , ??:? The Hon. Join Cotton iM «tfc Colto*** for England bytte B.M.S. Orpya m MapdSy afternoon, -tte tripjwng for the benefit** Mr. Coltdn's heaSh. ^Tbp hoa gjmtemiau -aecoBtt-: panied by a Hum^wollTiel^ prbCBeded ftom the cfty to laecgr'^a by »e ?;»pedpl'!w*^ which left at 2 e«6ck fo taife :pawow«*Jo; the ctesmer. Amongst those who ^*fc Mr. Golton fareweH atiito «aw»y^«»tioniiiwe«» Chief Jusfice, ttePreanBrflSMi. T. FtagrfefS), eeveral urenabers of ^eMuSs^»autf»iniiirBer of hisioraier;poBttBa1«atea|oB|5? !: ?? ' 'r::^V £ _ ?When. the, expaws towi' feffla MeThnorno ji». Saturday momingr 3d reaohfdtbtcrftnW;: about *'*' » ? nil* V beyond , Aldgate the ocenpante of _ the , . bomdoir- jdaepifi^ car were rather «^iiW , b» * ^aahjaig. ?bund. The .alarm.: «W;JuJay« -?°sffi??f eztenW however wiem U w»%«ijjwwewia* a stone had been &Hea;_ Jtoo^gh one of. tte plateglass panes of the ear,~Siougn n newly struck & ge^emur«foiw&a;»toy-ji »». or twooffthgKiMiBMffiiBMw'fhiKpiet»« wgc thrown by » boy. who waa^tanfiag wrfhil -trade - .? '-°/-- ;?-''.? -:'\\\'sf-:- '*^v Archbishop Carr h*vS^b8Bn:aigiidjB«T|Sjv views on the Pope% .deeree^iBJsr ftakva'jm ' text was before hm.thtw writes to tte&M-; ; bourne 'Tekyrapk £±'*Tu regSy^to 'fiiiir *&£' gram, I desire to say that^the tart of Ine Poyp coB8idenrtions, TJiere 19 no intarferra* Jria legitimate political action.' TThe., JgtfBfflal League is not evenraferredto. The alarm w, the rriendB, snd the exultation of tiie eneioiflw» of Ireland's rights. !are proved', to fie^equaffj.; groundless.' .-?'-._'. .,*:?.. , . , ?^~f*C The B*U«ratctt«9spoi]dentof ther^e«ay*f —It is reported that ttr old and deweplt ChineBe nmed Who Hi, a nntat «f^m« Eendigo, found a targe nugget ? few 4*yw|gO' whflerlossickHig«Bowr d««ert«HKggiBB» b*w fafs hot. The goM*» paztniry ^eAMedJtt; pebbles of a brownish color. On TOtwaHf *» his hovel Who. ffi exhibited his 'find? to some countrymen, who pronewnced it to J»_p golden treasure.:: The: muget has been jpur- chased by one of fiie banks for £270. Who Hi, who has robHsted on charity for years, has decided to leturn t« Oh&ia;, having 'made his fortune.'' V ' ' . .;' ' :,'i~s -:- ? ? .? ... A meetmirof anembers oonstitatiag the In dependeBtParty iaat the Aadod^ «aa*ieW at PariiaiBeBt SotM- «tt Wednd«d»y. t Tne - attendance «a» moderate, asd i&ei; tBudaem wa8 coBfised to dJBcrinMng some - otutto^nn cipal matten of legaation. Jar the vmmg session. No roggeetwo w»amao\ei.aet» attock-r iog the posttion at ^e MaBBtryr «ad it is understood: .tbat tiis ^partyv-whff xepcaBaot. a considerable BecSon«ta»fioose^uciatrank^ disposedVw)acdB the pmoBtcucuiiaaU at the Governmeat beDCbe& Mr, Bmg«y»e wi» appointed ohwrwam of Hbe party «aa Mr. Bewsiflecretaty. : ?..'-?? . . '? -;c. The annual meeting of the Port Adelaide Eoulfty Society wasfc5d afrgwrBwt Adtert Hotel on Tuesday evening, ra^Bto»|ro»| ing over a fas MtentbtneB.' fbt muuiWbBebisI 4b. lOd*.. lHfli'^iwg-^H'honMBeJ^'baA jP Bwipir; which had co*t ^?D)s. - ThnfonawiBg c&beza-; = were elected :— Jouit wwfitariea Mewiak, Jaaet )tadRawlipgs.i™i.l tteaoorer-jMr. K'Epraaby; uommittee, Mjbbbib. -IS. gormby, i&ms;, fl-*- lings, .WarburtoB* WigHure, *na Jane*. It waa resolved thatthere be onlK.oae rad^e f oc each clau of .hum exhibited at- tba next , BhoWi ' ?/-? '.-,* ,. ;-V ?: '? '/ ?(./:' '»':??? .;V'; The ordinazy general aaeetnu? Jo£-«he ehire- ?= holdenitttheSoott Anitad&S; Otetrkb jCwni p»ny )wwihelaatthe«ffi«e«*Mi!rW.3*W^ &^Ci«iab^^^edae«^tlie»|^\ »d Snettow 5SSSt«^Sb ytttiZWm MeBsmTH.' Btodartawd IX ««lcwii*^w-Bre lowB :~'Dr-'T'?S?2^n-S^llitllH^lS?§Sl^? ^07e|sjS4r total, E«M»fflJk*i.;©r.*--. S farms todatoafc, afii«?'llB.r*«»t**^ £383 fle. Iftj ?wndri*^1 fi*85^toU^ £!«{*»* 4 II,, id, i.;« r;-v^;^ « j^jv;t-. ??. :^ j The Mayoress of Adelaide Lady Smith) held an 'at home' at 'The Acacias' , on Saturday afternoon, which was largely ' attended. His . Excellency the Governor, : accompanied by Captain and Mrs, Mecham ; and his private secretary, drove out, and ? a large number of well known citizens ; paid their respects to her ladyship and ; Sir Edwin, who received ' the visitors in the i drawing-room. The Eastern Suburban Band ?? performed at intervals on the lawn, and the j. company spent a very pleasant afternoon in ? strolling through the picturesque grounds, in- j epecting Sir Edwin's conservatories, &c;, Some ; tasteful costumes wete noticeable, and the perfect state of the weather made matters ' additionally enjoyable. ! A committee meeting of the South Au3- i tralian Canary and Pigeon Society was held i on Tuesday evening at the Prince of Walea ' Hotel, Mr. J. Laker presiding. The days of the show were fixed for Friday and Saturday, : July 20 and 21, to be held at the Victoria Sail, An entertainment will shortly be held to aid the society through financial difficulties, i Glasses, both in pigeons and canaries, have ! been reduced upon economical grounds, but j every facility is offered to exhibit all classes | &nd; varieties of birds. A good show is antici- j pated, and there is every possibility of a -. financial -success.. The committee, whilst j thanking those gentlemen who have con- j triboted to the funds, are anxious that others may follow the example. On Sunday morning the Rev. John Gardner, of Victoria, who for many years occupied the pulpit of Chalmers Church, Adelaide, preached from the desk once mote to a crowded congre gation. He took as bis text the words :— ' For bar Gospel come not unto you in words only, but also in power and in the Holy Ghost, and in much assurance' (L Thessalonians, 15.) The rev. gentleman preached a powerful sermon on the necessity for personal holiness in a manner which clearly showed that age has not dimmed the force and fire which he threw into bis work in bygone days. The congregation comprised many of the rev, gentleman's old parishioners, who at the close of the service met him in the vestry, and warmly welcomed Mm to the colony once more. The remains of Private Charles E. Hart, of 1st Battalion No. 1 Reserve Infantry, were accorded a - military funeral on Tuesday after noon. The procession left the residence of the deceased's father, at Eastwood, and went thence to the West-terrace Cemetery. The coffin, draped with the Union Jack, was drawn on a eunxarriage, and in the front part of the cortege were 25 men of the company under Captain Peterswald and Lieutenant Hip well. The Military Band, under Sergeant Thornton, was aliu- in attendance, and as the procession Beared the cemetery gates the members played 'TheDeadMarchinSaul.' The chief mourners wete Mr, and Mrs. Hart, Mr. and Mrs, Joseph Hart, and Mr. Alfred Hart; and Captain fDnde and Lieutenant McOoy were also pre sent. The burial service was conducted by the Eev.B.Fairey. The scrutiny of the votes recorded in the election of two gentlemen to represent the Northern electoral district in the Legislative Council was concluded on Saturday, when boxes from eight polling-places in the oistrict of Flinders wete examined. The total number of votes .recorded at theae places was 48, and they were bo split up that in loo case waB the previouaposition of a candidate altered. Mr. J. Darling's votes were increased by 17, so that be stands at the top of the poll with 1,353 votes. Mr. J. Y. O'Loghlin, the other suc cessful candidate, has 1,180 votes, or only 49 more than Mr. A. R. Addison, who cornea next. The remaining candidates received sup port as follows:— B. Gen, 841; J. Aitehison, 794; J. Dunn, 765; R, Haselgrove, 605; C. K. Wamum, 395; J. Orchard, 223; J. Malcolm, 195 } B. Crosby, 117, Mr. E. Cftldwell,M.P., presented a requisi tion to the Treasurer' on Wednesday, signed by Mr. H. Lamshedt as tth|»*''»flin of the Dis trict Council of Yorke's Peninsula, and having relation .to the Bribjectof jetty tolls. It was re presented that great injustice was done in im posing jetty tolls on Yorke's Peninsula, as on the main roads in and leading to Adelaide the Government had made extensive bridges and other structures for the convenience of the people, and did not charge the public for making use of them. Those living near rail way lines had every facility given them for having their produce carried cheaply without the addition of jetty dues.' The farmers of the Peninsula were sufficiently handicapped . already by the low prices ruling for wheat and chaff, and it was pointed out that in Victoria no tolls were charged on jetties where .produce waB conveyed from one port to another in the colony. ' The matter -wfll toe enquired into by the Treasurer. ' :. The' city coroner field an inquest on Snnday afternoon at the Elephant land Castle Hotel on the body of a boy named Henry Watson, 4 years of age, who was killed on the previous day by a. dray passing over him. Mr. Rooney was foreman of the jury. From the evidence it -appears that the deceased and several other children were clambering up an empty wood dray with fbe view of obtaining a ride. The dray was in charge of a man named James WiUrins, -who .after several times asking them to desist threatened to use the whip. He had been negotiating with a cus tomer, and was moving off when a woman called out for him to stop. He immediately did bo, and found that the dray had knocked down the child. * Dr. Todd, who was called in im mediately, stated that the child gasped twice after his arrival and then ceased to breathe. He found that the skull was fractured. The jury returned a verdict of accidental death and exonerated the driver from blame. Mounted-Gonstable Wells, stationed at Her gott, -telegraphed Inspector Besley at Port Augueta on May 24 (says the Dispatch) that Mr. jfUert, manager of the Lutheran Native Mission Station at Kopperamanna, on the Cooper, had that day reported to him the murder of a native shepherd by a party of 12 blacks. The /murder had been committed during the previous week at a place about three miles frcm the station, and it was believed that another- native shepherd, bad been murdered \- 12 miles, away. ? Mr. Fliert farther reported that the natives were loitering about the station in foroe, with firearms in their possession, eent*np to Sopperamanna at once. Mr. Fliert telegraphed to jthe same effect. A party con casting of , three troopers and three black trackere, under charge of M.C. Whitters (sent \- up frbm Port Augusta) has been 'dispatched by Inspector Bpslgy from Hergott with camels and horses to Koppjeramanna, in Tesponse to this request. The distance of the station from Hergott is about ISO miles. A -petition -from leaseholders in- the huu dredB of Mayurra, Mount Muirhead, Hind marsh, lC««Mi«ip-'l™Miinli- 'P«T) fthnrfc^ymrni, and Coles, was presented to the Commissioner, of Crown Lands on Tuesday by Mr. Krichauff, M.P. The petitioners nrged that if the pro posal to issue new .leases in each case, of re duction of rent were carried out, they would ' not receive the 'benefits' intended to be con ferred by the reductions. In Borne. cases the. reductions were 'so . small, some amounting to only 5s. 6d, and Bs. 2d. per annum, that it would take several years to pay the cost of a sew lease; 'When lessees held several leases Che expense was very heavy. They asked that instead of issuing new leases the reductionB might be endorsed on the old lease, that the alteration of the lease should date trom January 1,1888, and that all leases so altered should sBerv,ed the- purpose required. The Commissioner replied that he liad already given insbcaetionB 4hat endorsements on the old lease of reduction af rent should be deemed sufficient, and in -the future new leases would not be insisted npoxu- .' . .- .. ; . - Referring to the General Wesleyan Con ference held in Melbourne the Methodist Journal sajs— ' The latest news from the Con ference is specially interesting, and important, to South Australian Methodism. The Barrier districtis permanently attached 'to this Con ference. The ministerial interchanges, after great diffioulty;:.WOTa aettled. The Revs. S. Knight, J. H. Hadley, M. Bullas {of West Australia), and JviA. Taylor (of New Zealand) will be transferred rte- the Victoria and Tas maniaConferencejtiieSevs.D.O'Dannelland A. R. Edgar (of Victoria) to the New Zealand Conference; th&Ser.S;, Bavin (of N.Z.)totbe New South Wales Ckmference; and the Revs. J. Hopkins (N.aW.VJ. H. Simmonds (N.Z.), A. Grewar, and W. T. Hiatt (of Victoria) to the South Australian Conference, TheGeneral Conference was practically dosed on Wednes day. The President (Rev. J. Haslam) with other representatives arrived in Adelaide on Thursday morning hy the express train from Melbourne. They were' in time to pay their respects Ifco Jher Majesty's representative at Government Honse^atiheannaalkivee, On Friday -week' a BpecSal ^meeting . of the committee -of the Chamber of -Manufactures was held lor OieJ purpose *J considering the question of tiie representation of this province at the «mference to belield at Sydney on June 6 next, to dueuss the quBstiou of Iree-trade between the oolbniee. 8v Samuel Davenport, *ne president* of the chamber, occupied the chair, and therp were also [present Mr. AdanvAdanwon. ▼ice-prendent.imd Messra. A. S. Clark, W. Rhodes, T. Hardy, A. Dobbie, W. W» Forwodd, C. Olark, J. Daneaa. J. J. Gsesu, T. Haok,*ndH»B ?ecretary^lEk H. Derringfem). Itwassnovedjby Mr. 3. Duncan, and seconded by Ms. T. Hardy— 'That in nw« tte importmse to this province of the question of xnteroolonialCree-ixade anditniform PJ^tItawsit»jdflBir|ft»lBa«tflieOhamber«f Manufadgseslje cepreeente&BiAe; conference to be iumMMmPBJi!in3xae6Be&'. f£hs motoon WM-AUooasBea i*»t «ome lT*ih. »d '^PiJ^giW^Fi J* was JwoWeT that tour -detegiitott^ttei sent to ^eprasent £he wun^V^S^Mtsfoi^HknitbB'ffiaiieiiBBpsct gwntwi^n* Jsytup. ? WP*^***ri!fil as ^ielegates :— - * ngwrAjs^ns^DtmDan,Ore8ii,widH»rdyi m»Mr,FOT»p«ia8«io»»«ioynuin, * : \- A Birmingham newspaper reports a ' trial of child catchers.' This is a startling title, but it refers neither to kidnapping nor to any other form of crime ; and the trial was not a judicial proceeding. It was an experiment with new appliances which hod been fitted to a steam tramway engine to prevent, if possible, any dangerous consequences of childrea stray ing on the rails. ThiB humane purpose seems to have occupied the attention of quite a number of inventors ; but the result of the ex periments with their various inventions ia not entirely satisfactory. Whether the appliance consists of arms to seize the child and lift it off the track, of & mouth to suck the child into a place of safety in a hollow at the back of the engine, of an iudiarubber shovel Bheeting to catch and hold the child, 'or of 'a spring cushioned triangular projection' to push the child aside, or of brushes to sweep it away, confidence in the gentleness of the steam motor's use of its benevolent machinery when in full working trim has not been established. The indiaiubber dummy child of course made no objection to its treatment ; but a mother could not yet Eee her child in front of the tram way engine without apprehension. The in ventors will doubtleaB try again, and perhaps with more buccess. A petition signed by 89 residents of Ardrog sanaad the surrounding district was presented to the Minister of Education by Mr. R, Cald well, M.P., on Wednesday morning. The petitioners brought under the notice of the Minister the preEent disabilities with regard, to poBtal matters under which the district labored. Under the existing arrangements the mail by which the weekly newspapers or any letters posted in Adelaide later than Wednes day night were conveyed did not reach Ar- ' drossan 'till after 8 o'clock, and . sometimes biter in winter, on Saturday evening, and the residents were consequently unable to obtain their mail matter till Monday morning. There was so direct mail communication between Ardrossan and Maitland, the latte»being the petitioners' banking town. A mail could be secured once a week for the sum of 15s., and this would afford for their district; the doable advantage of securing early Saturday delivery of Adelaide letters, and also direct cammuni cation with Maitland. Should -the requests cot meet with a favorable reply, on the grounds of economy, they were prepared to dis pense with the mails now conveyed by water, having overland mails on the same days as at present. The Minister informed Mr. Cald well that he would look into the several re quests, and if possible would grant them. Mr. P. McM. Glynn, M.P., waited on the Commissioner of Public Works on Saturday morning to draw attention to some of the wants of Morgan. Mr. Glynn stated that on May 24 a deputation of the leading residents waited on him at Morgan, and asked him to place before the Commissioner their claim for a reduction in the rate charged by the Government for water. At Morgan the charge for water was 6s. per 1,000 gallons, whereas -at Matumm and Murray Bridge the charge, he believed, was only Is. 6d. per 1,000 gallons, and the expenses of lifting the water at Morgan were certainly not greater than at Murray Bridge or Man num. The charge was prohibitive to about half the residents, who were willing to take the water at a fair rate, while the revenue would not suffer on a reduction to one- half or under as the consumption would be more than doubled. The cost of . pumping waB trifling aB the wharf-engine and man were ased for the purpose, and about two hours' work a week were sufficient. Mr. Glynn also suggested that special terms might be allowed to hotelkeepers, as horees and cattle, owing to the difficulty of getting to the river by the only passage open to the public, were watered at the troughs. The Commissioner waB also requested to make some provision, by a cover to the platform, for the protection of goods while in transit. The goods, when lying on the platform at present, were exposed. The Commissioner promised an early report on both matters. The Albert Hall on Taesday evening was crowded with a representative audience, in eluding Sir Edwin Smith and members of the Ministry, on the occasion of the Adelaide Liedertafel's 'gentlemen's social.' An ex cellent programme of music was provided, the Liedertafel under the baton of Herr Mumme performing some of their best and most favorite choruses, including 'Fruhlingelied,' with baritone solo by Mr. F. H. Otto; 'Der Brunnen Wansderbar,' with baritone solo by Mr. EL Fischer, and the always acceptable ' Bas Bild der Rose,' with tenor solo by Mr. H. Oelmann (which was redemanded). A new work in cantata form, eent out from Europe by Here Stange, was presented for the first time, and was well performed, and received with great favor. It is by'Engelsberg, in six movements : — Chorus — 'Poetnnauf der Aim' (Poets in the mount - aiBB,. E. S. Erigelsberg)-^a) -l-D«r irohe wandersmann' (The jolly ~ wanderer), (6) *'Anf dem eee' (On the lake), (o) 'Die sprode' (The coquette), (-*) ' Grass' {Greeting}, (e) 'Abschied' (Farewell). We hope to have the opportunity of listening tp this charming composition on some future occasion. Vccal solos were also contributed by Messrs. H. B, Holder, L. A. Bristow, Oelmann, Otto, and Fischer ; and Signor Squarise gave with great skill the violin concert fantasia ' Romeo and Jnliet,' for which he received a jecalL Besides officiating as accompanist, Mr. W. R. PybuB gave a pretty polacca of Weber's en the pianoforte. Encores were the order of the evening, and a good time was enjoyed by everyone present. A meeting of the committee of the Blind and Deaf and Dumb Institution was held at Marlborough Chambers, Adelaide, on Friday, May 25, when there were present — Mr. James Scott, vice-president (in the chair), the Hon. John Colton (president), Sir W. Milne, Mr. G. W. Hawkes, S.M. (treasurer), Sir E. T. Smith (Mayor, of Adelaide), Messrs. W. Eay and J. Fisher, and the secretary. (Mr. Roffe Searcy). The report of the twenty- seventh meeting of the ladies' . committee, held on May 22, stated among other things th&t; Mrs, Colton, who had resigned as a member of that committee at the previous meeting on account of her -intended visit to Europe, had been persuaded to withdraw her resignation and -accept instead indefinite leave of absence; Mr. Kay, one of the trustees, reported -that they had received from the executors of the late Mr. H. Harford, . being portion of his bequest the sum of £875, which with the £50 pieviouely received from -the Hon. John Colton had been placed to the -credit of the endowment fund account, and that they had deposited £920 with the Bank of Australasia for twelve months. . The Hon. Ia (Hyde wrote tendering his resignation as a member of the ' committee on account of his time not being at his own disposal now. It was unanimously re solved that the resignation be accepted with regret, and that Mr. Glyde be thanked for the services he had rendered to the institu tion in the past. It was reported that since. laBt meeting £40 16s. 4d. baa been re ceived as subscriptions and donations and £25 on account of maintenance of some of the inmates. The present number of inmates was 38, namely, 13 blind and 25 deaf, and the health of tie whole household, with one trifling exception, was excellent. - The bank balance was, Dr., £24 14s. 4d. Accounts were passed for payment to the amount of £112 17s. 4d. There is at present staying in Adelaide a gentleman who may justly be regarded as one of the veterans of Australian journalism, and who recently arrived here after a trip to Mel bourne. He claims, and, Bays the Argus, 'with apparent good reason, to be the oldest pressman in Australia. This is Mr. Edmund ' Stirling^the late proprietor and editor of the Perth (Western Australia) Inquirer, in which he still holds some interest, and which is, after the Sydney Morning Herald, the oldest news paper in the continent. The career of ao veteran a journalist includes, as might be expected, a; vast amount of old colonial incident. Mr. \- Stirling was born in 1815, and arrived at Fremantle 'in 1830, being now therefore 73 years of age, with a record of about 56 years spent in' Australian journalistic life. In 1832, at the age of 18, he assisted in carrying on a MS. newspaper, about the earliest local publication of any sort known to the Sirau River settlement. In 1833, an ancient printing-press and a lot of old type having been brought over from Van Diemen's Land, he, with other sharers in the enterprise, started the fremantle Observer. A year or two later he assisted as an operative in launching the Perth Gazette, which sub sequently became the Perth Independent, and also the West Australian Times, and which formed the basis of the present West Australian. Mr. Stirling was the sub editor of one or another of these journals from 1833 to 1837\. About the year. 1842 he became the pro ? prietor of the Perth' Enquirer; which he con ducted successfully until some five years ago, when he retired with an independence, and with all hiB faculties highly preserved — no trifle with one who was already a West Australian colonist when the Hentys came out from Eng land, who watched the struggles of the colony for a score of years before it became a convict settlement, and who has' witnessed the origin and growth of nearly every institution it con tainB.' Considerable dissatisfaction is being ex pressed by some members of the Militia Force, owing to the difficujjiy experienced by them in getting employment in consequence, it is alleged, of their being members of the force. They state that^private firms refuse, to engage them so long aB they «an obtain the services of 'others, because of ihezr being compelled to Attend .drill to the occasional inconvenience of their employers, To,this JEhe men take little ex . ception, save expressing their regret that so little patriotism is shown fay the wealthy men as to enoonxage football .and cricket, and to discourage the endeavors of those who are ?qualifying themselves for the protection of the colony, Bhonld the necessity arise. .Bat the re ruBalpf the beju}s of .some.of the Government departments to give them work because their military engagements, at times prevent their, working overtime is felt to' be ^nost un just, : In Victoria mHitiamenare employed toy . &e; Government in preference to -outsiders in eases in which the qualifications of the ^applicants ue otherwise equal, and. it is urged that somewhat similar treatment should ba. tneted out to the Militiamen in this colony. It is understood that the Government are about to undettake a gooff deal of general miinfcenaacs work in connection with the Government build ings of the colony, and the officers commanding companies have ap.ked General Downes to urge ! upon the Commissioner of Public Works the j desirables ess of giviDg at least an equal cbanss ! of employment to tbe members of the force as \ to outsiders, or to adopt the Victorian principle of giviDg the preference to the defenders of the colony, everything eUe being equal. Tne geneial consented to do so, and be had an interview with the Commissioner on Wednes day afternoon. Mr, Catt informtd him that wheie possible Militiamen were always em ployed by the Government in preference to outfcidetB, and tbis practice ' would be oc tinued, but at tbe present time no fresh hands were being engaged. A complimentary luncheon tendered to Mr. B. A, Noltenius, who is shortly leaving for Europe, came off on Friday morning at the Albert Hall, There was a representative attendance, and bis Worship the Mayor (Sir Edwin Smith, M.P.), occupied the chair, having Mr. Noltenius on his right and Sir Jno. Downer, Q.Q, on bis left. The usual loyal toasts having been honored, Sir. Jno. Downer proposed the health of Mr. Noltenius. He had known their guest for many years, and he was sure he could say without fear of contradiction that he had endeared himself to all with whom be had come in contact. Whether as a man of business, a friend, or a relative, he had nobly fulfilled every call that had been made upon him, He trusted he would heartily enjoy bis visit to the old country, and that it would have the eSect of thoroughly building up hia health. As a citizen he had always done his best to promote the interests of the colony, and from the bottom of his heart he wished him 'Godspeed' on his present journey. (Applause.) Mr. F. Basedotv, M.P., thoroughly endorsed the remarks made by Sir Jno. Downer, and aB one who had known Mr. Noltenius for over 40 years, he could bear out every word he had said. Ia describing the character of that gentleman he could only use the term ' gemuthlich,' a good old German word which was thoroughly apt in the present case. (Applause.) The toast was received with musical honors, the company singing 'For he's a jolly good fellow,' and the German visitors afterwards rendering *'Hoch so lebe, Lebe wohl.' Mr. Kbltenius, in reply, thanked the company moBt heartily for the manner in which they had received the toast of his health. During the many years he had been in South Australia he had made nume rous true- friends, and it aSected him very much to tear himself away from them. His heart was too full to say more, and he would content himself with cordially thanking them forthe honor they had done him, (Applause.) .'The health of the chairman' having been proposed by Mr. T. Scherk, M.P., and duly responded to by Sir Edwin Smith, the pro ceedings terminated. The most lively meeting of the City Council that has been held for several months took place on Monday afternoon. . The first in timation of coming trouble was given when the Mayor answered a question by Alderman Bullock respecting the advisableness of with drawing the corporation passes granted to the members of the council entitling fchem-to free admission to various places controlled 'by the city fathers. It appears that Councillor Sketheway, exercising his right to free admis sion to the Town Hall, presented bis pass to the doorkeeper prior to one of Miss Von Finkektein's lectures. The ticket-taker refused to recognise it, and the lecturer's business manager pushed the councillor aside and told him he could not have a seat. The mayor said the passes could not be withdrawn, aB they were issued on the authority of a reso lution of the council and could only be rescinded on similar authority. Alderman Bullock gave notice that he would move for withdrawing the passes, and Councillor Fox demanded to know what steps would be taken to prevent a similar insult being heaped upon the council in the future. The reading of a letter from Miss Von Finkelstein's business manager was passed over, but towards the close of the meeting the discussion waB re sumed on the reading of a reference to the matter in the report of the Town Hall com mittee. Councillor Sketheway having given an explanation of what took place on the occasion of his being refused admission, impeached the veracity of the writer of the letter, and was borne out by Councillor Pollen. One or two of those present then denounced the perpetrator of the insult to the dignity of the council in no measured terms, and eventually a motion was' carried to the effect that the explanation offered by Mias Von Finkelstein's agent was not satisfactory. The granting of a salary to one of the ofBcereoI the cwmcil in lien of the usual notice on his dismissal provoked another stormy discussion, but the item was passed. One or two other matters were not settled Without a wordy war. The consideration of the proposal to purchase an acre of land in O'Connell-Btreet for market or other corpora tion purposes was adjourned. The ordinary general meeting of the City of Adelaide Land and Investment Company was held at their office, Royal Chambers, Ourrie street, on Monday morning. There was a good attendance of shareholders, and Mr. W. Everard (chairman of directors) occupied the chair. The directors' report was as follows :— 'In pursuance of the resolution passed at extraordinary meeting of shareholders held March 15 last, the committee then appointed at once proceeded to deal with overtures froirCMelbournefor the purchase of alljthe com pany's properties, and negotiations, although not quite concluded, have proceeded so far that a Bale at £155,000 net cash to the company will in all probability be closed within a few days.' The balance- sheet was aB follows :— Dr.— Capital account (nominal), £260,000 ; less calls unpaid, £1,916 8s. 4d.; unpaid on 10,120 for .feited (shares, £51,285176.; uncalled on 14,880 Bharee, £13,020*-£66,222 5s. 4d.=£183,777 14b. 8d. ; capital account (special), £7,400; mort gages, £185,270 ; interest on same, £3,701 7s. 8d.=£138,971 7s, 8d.; sundry creditors. £988 6s. 6d. ; sinking fund, £732 0b. 9d.; unclaimed dividends and interest in suspense, £58 2s. 8d.; total, £331,927 12s. 3d. Cr:— Properties, £263,809 16s. 6d.; bills receivable, £26 5s.; sundry debtors, £711 18s. 2d.'; Bank of Kew Zealand, £524 3s. lOd. ; cash in hand, ' £140 Is. 2d, ; profit and loss, £66,716 7s. 7d. ; total, £331,927 12a. 3d! The profit and loss account to March 31 ah i wed that the previous debit balance was £62,425 ,16s. 2d-; the interest for half year had been £4,989 Os. 4d.; rents, land tax, &c;, £1,710 14s. lld.=£69,125 lls. 5d. On tbe credit side the company had received for , rentals, £2,410 3s. 10d.; present balance, £66,715 7a. 7d. =£69,125 llg. 5d. The Chairman said all the directors had to say was contained in the report placed before them. Their property had been submitted for offer, to a Melbourne syndicate, and negotia . tions were still proceeding. Sundry points had been raised, on which there was a little dif ference of opinion, but they hoped the matter would be very soon brought to a successful conclusion, He moved the adoption of the re port and balance sheet Mr. E. J. Cox seconded the motion, which was carried unani mously, and the meeting then terminated. In an article on the Centennial- Exhibition the Melbourne DaUy Telegraph supplies the following information respecting the South Australian court :?— The space occupied by the court will amount to 30,872 feet, and this, Mr. J. F. Conigrave (the secretary of the Ade laide commission) states, will be fully occu .pied by thoroughly representative exhibits. He has made arrangements with the ad joining courts, so that the general decora tions will harmonise with theirs, which means that the prevailing tints, of the roofs, walls, and rafterB will not be prejudiced by narah contrasts. The interior decoration of the court will, however, be carried on indepen dently, under the supervision of Mr. Rowland Rees, and no effort will- be wanting to make it as effective as possible. The court will be provided with five entrances, viz , the main one at the dome,, one in the Grand Avenue of Nations, and two in the main cross avenue.. The first one, in -the crosB avenue, will lead to their reception-rooms and offices, which will be erected as far back as their northern boundary. Each of the entrances will be arched over. The principal features of the court will be the mineral exhibits and agricultural implements, the makers of which latter do a large business with Victoria. The minerals will be in bulk, and will include gold, silver, copper, and tin. The most interesting collection will come from the Northern Territory, and will represent its mineral and timber resources, its floral and agricultural produce. The Minister of Educa tion, who has only juEt returned from the Territory to Adelaide, has devoted a great deal of attention to the formation of the collec tion, and Mr. J. G. Knight (an old Mel-' bourne resident, but now a magistrate of the Northern Territory) will come to Melbourne for the special purpose of taking charge of and arranging the exhibits from that place. They will be chiefly dis . played in trophies, one of which will be placed immediately inside of the main en trance to the court. The South Australian Conservator of Forests promises to forward the interesting collection -ehown in the late Ade laide Exhibition, but with additions. A number of paintings -and other works of art will also be forwarded, but these will not be shown in the grand picture galleries, the intention being to keep them in the court. A meeting of the Adelaide Hospital Board was held on May 25, there {being present Hon. M. Ealon), M.L.O. (in the chau), Sir Edwin Smith, M P., Messrs. F. Basedow, MP.,C. Giles,, M.P.; and T. Graves, Drs. Stirling, Boberteon, Way, Gardner, and Sprod. The Hon. M. Salom wae unanimously elected chair man of the boaTd. In taking Ub seat he said _ he would avail himself of an early opportunity to bring before them, the advisability of ap pointing a lady as a member of the board to act ex officio as a member of the house com tuittee. He thought there, we many things. in the hospital which came properly within a woman's sphere of duty. The members of tha board of management had to do the best in their power with the hospital as it is, and with the funds placed at their disposal by the Government, and he believed he could fairly say that they had given the bast possible value for the money. While they had always endeavored to supply everything necessary for the comfort and well being of the patients it was absolutely needful to study economy. He particularly aeked one thing, namely, that any one having 'a complaint would make it direct to the board, and not rash into print with unfounded statements. The following contributions were acknowledged: — Licensed Victuallers' Race Club, £1.0 10a ; Corporation of Kensington and Norwood, £10 10*.; Mr. J. R. Phillips, boobs: Mr. F. Basedow, papers; Mr. A. Y. Harvey, papers; 'A Friend,' mattress, palliasse, and blankets : Hudson's Surprise Party (hospital benefit), £9 2s. Mr. Ridgely, lessee of the Columbia Skating Rink, wrote, offering to give a benefit for the hospital on any evening they might chooee, he to deduct sufficient to pay expenses, and ' the balance (50 per cent, of the whole takings) to go to the hospital. Dr. 1^ H. Marten was elected hon. assistant surgeon to the hospital. It was reported that there were 32 typhoid patients in the hospital. Of these 13 were new casses ; three had been contracted at Broken Hill, and two probably infected from the' Broken Hill canes. The house surgeon's report for the fortnight ending May 24, was as follows : — Number of patients admitted, 84; discharged, 73; died, 8; now in hospital, 183 ; outpatients treated, 423, of whom 63 were new. Causes of death — Abscess of liver, burns of Strunk and limbB, pneumonia, enteric fever, hydatid of liver, multiocular cyst of ovary, septicaemia, diphtheria. Two firms prominently interested in the jam making industry — MeaBrs. D. & J. Fowler & Co. and McEwin & Co.— have addressed to the Mayor of Adelaide a letter regarding the ra cent deputation to the Treasurer. The letter reads as foUows :— ' Sir E. T. Smith, K.O.M.G. —Sir— With much pleasure we note the letter ol the Treasurer to you in reference to the deputation you were good enough to introduce to him on the 18th inst., and respectfully re quest that you will inform the Treasurer in reply— 1st. That we know of export contracts extending over the season, i.e , for all 18S8, and suggest that the alteration, if any, should be deferred till then. 2nd. That as the members of the deputation who tendered our books for examination in proof of our statements, they ate. at his service at any hour, and every facility in our power will be afforded him in arriving at the truth; equally with him we desire 'only strict juBtice,_ neither more nor lees than we are justly entitled to ' The other members of the deputation, we feel assured, will also afford every required infor mation. May we also beg that you will urge on the Treasurer the desirability of conceding the further request of the deputation having reference to the regulations which allow draw back on sugar nsed in the manufacture of jams from fruit, the produce of this colony only, and not on that made from imported fruit. He has not either in his reply, or now in his letter, given any indication of his intentions on this point. The quantity of jam made from imported fruit is very small; but occasionally, to complete an assortment there may be a few tinB in a case. The exporter seeing a S.A. manufac turer's label does not narrowly enquire if all is made from colonial fruit, but passes the entry to the beat of his knowledge or belief. The manufacturer, exporting with the knowledge of whether it has been made from imported fiuit, iE the only one who does not receive a drawback ; and even he, with probably jam made from both colonial and imported fruits of the earrie sort in his factory, is unable to certify which is in the individual cases being exported, and there are no meanB of identifica tion by the Customs authorities. The regula tion was framed many years ago, when there was no duty on imported fruit, and may then have been intended as an indirect protection to the native grower ; but this object is now attained by a direct duty of 91. per bushel, equal to 30s. to 42s. per ton on the fruit, or 4d. per 16. on fruit pulp. It is not sought to obtain drawback on the fruit imported, but simply on the sugar . imported and used, which sugar is not produced here, and is a necessary 'raw material ' in the manufacture of j am. — We have, &c;,, Geo. S. Fowlke, Robert JMcEwik.' The members of the Victorian Sanitary Com mission arrived by the express from Melbourne on Wednesday morning. The object of the visit is to take evidence and enquire into the working of the Adelaide sewage system, with a view to gaining experience, which will be utilised in the contemplated altera tion in the Melbourne sanitary arrangements. In the sister colony a Board of WorkB Bill, the object of which is to deal with this question, has been drafted, but there has been Buch an outcry against noxious -drains and abattoirs, and the unsanitary condition of Melbourne, that it was decided to form a Royal Commission to report on the Bubject without waiting for Parlia mentary action. The commission consists of ProfesEor Allen (chairman). Prof essor Orme Masson, Dr. McCrea, Mr. A. P. Akehurst (presi dent of the Central Board of Health), Mr. Clement Hodgkinson, and Mr, T. M, Girdlestone, with Dr. G. A. Syme as secretary. The Hon. J. Campbell, another member of the commission, did not come by the tram. Shortly after their arrival the members waited on his Worship the Mayor (Sir E. T. Smith), who cordially welcomed them to the city, and said everything possible would be done to for ward the objects of the commission and to make the stay of the gentlemen forming it as pleasant as possible. The Mayor also pointed out the good that had resulted from the eewage system here, which was illustrated in the decrease in the death rate. Professor Allen responded, and eaid the commission had to enquire into the whole sanitary condition of Melbourne, and he thought that what with noxious drains and abattoirs they had plenty of scope. One of the problems they had to deal with was that of carrying away the sewage, of which system they thought they would receive an excellent illustration in Ade laide. Professor Allen proposed ' The Health of the Mayor and Corporation of Adelaide and success to the city of Adelaide,' to which his Worship responded. In the afternoon the. members of the commission accompanied by the president of the board of health (Dr. Whittell) and the Hydraulic Engineer (Mr. R. L. Mestayer) -paid a visit to the Sewage jBarm, at Islington. The party made a thorough inspection of the farm, proceeding firat to the main sewer, through which tbe sewage passes on to the strainers. The Btrainers and the whole of the the machinery were looked over, and the com missioners witnessed the process by which the sewage is placed on the land. The. visitors were pleased with the completeness of the system, and manifested the greatest interest in all they saw. The death of Mr. Robert Lovell Magraith will be keenly felt at Port Adelaide, where he resided for over 30 years, during nearly the whole of which time he occu pied the responsible position of Superinten dent of Mercantile Marine, first under the old Harbor Trust and then under the Marine Board. He was honored and respected by all claEsee, while his courteous and straightfor ward conduct, wnich waB maintained throughout his whole career, made it a pleasure to transact business with .him. The long experience he had in connection with the Mercantile Marine Department made him exceedingly well versed in the laws relating to the engagement and discharge of seamen, and so precise was he in the ..administration of the many intricate. ruleB and regulations governing ships articles that hot a single blunder was ever proved against him, and this notwithstanding that he was over 85 years of age when he retired from the publicservice. Thedeceasedgentleman was born in Ireland in 1801, and at an early age joined tbe service of the Honorable East India Company as a military cadet. In 1823 he took part in the Burmese war, and received wounda of such a character that it seems almost a miracle that he got over them. In one engagement he lost his right arm, his right eye, and a finger from his left hand, while both his legB were broken, and,, his body was, as it were, covered with wounds, which numbered 32 in all. One sword thrust went tight through him near the shoulder. Fortu: nately, Mr. Magraith recovered from these ter rible irjuries, and the loss of bis arm did not eeem to trouble him much, for he could write exceedingly well, and was up to the time of his death an expert amateur mechanician. He had, however, of course to leave the Company's military service, and he returned to Eng land, where he became engaged in mercan tile pursuits. For some years he had the management of the Skevington collieries in Lancashire, but he resigned this position in 1849 in order to come to Australia. On leaving Skevington the miners expressed their appreciation of the manner in which he had treated them by presenting him with a ser vice of plate. Mr. Magraith arrived in Port Adelaide in 1850, and soon after, like moBt other immigrants to the colony at that time, he went to the Victorian diggings. Returning in 1853 he received an appointment in the Government service at Port Adelaide, and subsequently became Superintendent of Mer cantile Marine, which position he held till 1886, when he retired from the service. He was an enthusiastic Freemason, a past-master of a lodge in Liverpool, for many years an officer of tbe Provincial Grand Lodge of Ireland in Adelaide, and a knight templar. His death occurred on Saturday night after a short illness. Although at such an advanced age he was a few weeks ago to all appearances a hale and hearty man, and he retained fall posr session of his faculties almost to the hut. ,He leaves a. widow, two .sons Tone .is Mr. B. Magraith, a leading officer' in tiie 'Customs service), two daughters (one of whom is 'un- married, and thaofcher the wife of Mr, W? A, P&qualin;, of Fort Adelaide), and several grandchildren. The funeral, which took plaoe at the North-terrace Cemetery, on Monday was at the special 'request of the deceased. ' attended only by bia relatives, 