OUR NEW ZEALAND LETTER. FROM OUR OWE CORRESPONDENT. WELLINGTON, 21st AUr. Tbe Parliamentary campaign has begun, but in a manner so - gently lamblike as to warrant tho belief that this unusual tranquillity is only the precursor of storms Dot far distant. The serenity that has prevailed since the opening of the Houses is quite phenomenal,' even for a New Zealand Legislature, but tho angury is not ono upon which Ministers at this early stage can COIlIlt tot) mnt>h f«t» fha AAHpea fliot to KafApn them is full of rocks and shallows npon which tho Ministerial barque may come hopelessly to grief at any moment. Ministers have, it is true, the advantage of being confronted by an opposition amongst whom there is neither organ isation nor cohesion, but this apparent gain is neutralised to a considerable extent by the con version into freo lances of many members who supported Sir Harry "Atkinson last year, -not because they liked either him or his policy, but because they i dreaded above all ' things tlio possibility of a Vogelite restoration! That en fant terrible being now on the other side of the globe, they are enabled to draw a breath of relief Jam! to sever themselves from a connection that' owed its origin to a choice of evils where .Sir Harry Atkinson was preferable to tho, ex-Treasurer ; and it is quite on the cards that, fragmentary and sectional as thi .Opposition now is, its members may yet com- biee in a common cause to oust the Govern ment.- There is only one question, however, in regard to which such an eveut is likely to happen, and protection is the nightmare llmt disturbs the repose of Ministers. They are seriously troubled with nothing olse, but pro tection; stalks their clumbers Tike Bauquo's ghost, and is metaphorically as hideous to their beholding: They try to console themselves with the belief that they will succeed in preparing .a tariff that will be- ac ceptable to everybody except the very rabid free- traders on the one hand, and the equally irreconcilable protectionists on the other ; bnt we are too familiar wirh the - adage . of what happens between two stools to suppose that the Government will vary the' record by pleasing the moderates on both ' sides. Tho most skilful tactics will of course be resorted to, and several red herrings may be drawn across the scent in order to split tbe voting against tbem ; but if hustings pledges count for any thing, and if public opinion has its proper weight aud influence with the Legislature, then it is impossible to discover how the middle course laid down ou the -Ministerial chart can bo steered with safety. ' ' There was so little matter of a debatable kind in; the. Governor's speech, and. such a guarded reference to - the future fiscal policy of the country,' that the determination arrived at by the Opposition was to allow the address in reply to go by default, and iu little more than an hour it .was agreed to, after speeches from tho mover and seconder, the former boiug Mr. Yinccnt Pyko and the latter Air.; James Carroll, a half-caste Maori representative, than whom there is no more correct speaker of tho English . language . in Parliament. By tlie bye, talking of -Mr,-, Vincent Pyke makes one naturally . curious to know what you did to that highly estimable gentleman during his recent visit to Victoria. Whatever the cause, ho re turned to New Zealand with feathers somewhat ruffled, and in a scries of articles to a southern newspaper, lie " pitched into " Victoria pretty freely, laid particular stress upon tho bad sani tary condition of the metropolis, nnd- declared generally that New Zealand is a Paradise com pared with that part of the world where iiis first colonial experiences were acqnired. Hear ing all this from an old memberforCastlemaine and an ex- Minister, one cannot help thinking that Air." Pyke must have' been 'severely neg lected' during, the few weeks lie recently sojourned '.on, your side of the .' water, Is it possible that Victorians were so unmindful of past services — rendered, too, at a tiiue. when there was no such thing as payment of members — as not to receive Mr. Pyke with open arms, or. to shower upon him those public courtesies and hospitable attentions that are frequently paid; to undeserving globe trotters? Or, more.melancholy still, bad Mr. Pyke been so long away, from Victoria that a new genera tion had sprung up who knew not Joseph ? Over here tnauy/peOplo would like to be enlightened on the 'subject, "for tiioy heartily 'sympathise with this Rip Van Winkle dropping down from the Now Zsaland Catskills to find that ho himself T9 unrecognisable, and that the people he meets with have no recollection either of bis illtempered frau or of his dog Schneider. .Tlie name of Hall, tho Timaru poisoner, has been again brought prominently before tho public through a case in the Court of Appeal. It was an application to have the registration of. certain land in Canterbury cancelled. Lysnght and Meason were mortgagees of tho laud under the Land Transfer Act, and Meason was in partnership with Hull. Hall, by fraud, got Meason to give a transfer of the mortgages iu favor 'of M'Keown, and forged Lysaght's signature thereto. AI'Keown paid the par- chose money to Hall, who acted as his agent. Hull, as M'Keown's agent.and broker, caused a transfer to be registered, and handed the document of title to M'Keown, appropriat ing tlio money to his own use. The court has reserved its decision. Hall is still confined at Mount Eden, Auckland, and his wife lives at Timarn. She believes that ho attempted to poison her, .but has forgiven'him, and sends him letters regularly. Mis3 Houston, who was indicted with Hall for complicity in tlie crime and acquitted,, also resides in the Timaru . . district. (Mrs.' nail' is con vinced of her innocence, ' and ' so are' inpst people, - including the police, who now acknowledge that, although she' acted injudici ously, they were not justified in charging tier with participation in Hall's diabolical designs on his wife. Aliss Houston is the frequent guest of families 'in good positions in tho Timaru district, who take this practical way of. showing that iu their opinion she has been a very' much injured mortal. Now that the rabbit extermination question is engaging so much attention in Australia, it will interest flock masters anil others on your side of the water to know that a few days ago investigations . were made at the Colonial Alnseum in connection with tlie disease, known as bladder flhke, which developed itself among rabbits in the Wairarapa district. Theso investi gations were conducted by Sir James Hector iu presence of a large number of members of both branches of the Legislature. A bunny brought from the district mentioned was killed, and the body cut open and bared for their inspection, It was shown . that the bladder fluke, in its development, , displaces to soino extent the internal organs, pushing thein aside as tlie bladder "enlarges. The outward sign of the disease takes tho shape of a hump on the back of the rabbit, the size and contour of tlie excrescence resembling the half sphere of au orange. Cutting the bladder from , the rabbit, " Sir James Hector turneditiusidcout, and iu the iuner cuticle, to which they adhered, were thousauds of whitey-lirowu globules about the size of small pearls, These globules were found to be possessed of - life, that fact being' clearly dis cernible by aid.of the microscope. These glo bules are the germs of the fluke. When once the disease has taken root the infected animal becomes emaciated and eventually dies ; but Sir James Hector is of opinion that .unless some speedier, means are adopted to spread tho disease it will be many years before the rabbit pest is entirely eradicated. It is well known that the fox and the lynx, nnd perhaps most of the feline family, are highly sus ceptible to bladder finko, and being car nivorous, it i3 held .that they would more rapidly disseminate, the disease than rab bits, inasmuch rs the embryonic fiukeworin would, in tbe bodies of carnivorous animals, be produced in a thoroughly active state, and would spread the disease with great rapidity. It is Sir James Hector's intention to tako with him to Australia a live rabbit infected with fluke, for', the purpose of explaining its nature and existence to people who are interested in the extinction of the' rabbit pest. . . A gentleman , of ex perience in these matters, who witnessed the Investigation at the Museum, is of opinion that tho disoaso is a form of hydatid, produced by tho introduction into the system of tho rabbit of the embryos or eggs of a tapeworm infesting the dog and perhaps other carnivorous animals, the cat, ferret, fox', &c.; This, he thinks, is the same hydatid which produces tho disease in sheep known as sturdy or gid. In the latter cose the hydatid is commonly found between the membranes of the brain. Therefore, the great practical question arises, will the development of this disease in the rab bit be likely to be indirectly communicated to the sheep? It is beyond doubt, says this scientist, that sheep have been found suffering from sturdy or gid in districts where bladder- fluke has been observed amongst rabbits,, and a series of experiments are suggested with a view of ascertaining the risk that would be incurred iu introducing the. disease amongst rabbits on a large Scale in a sheep country! ' The ' totalisator, as a legalised' gambling machine in ' this country, is in danger. The House of Representatives bns passed a' resolu tion affirming the desirability of making it con: tribute a portion of its earnings to charitable institutions, aud the agitation against it is so strong that tbe Government will be asked to bring in a bill to 'abolish it altogether. This would be a decided gain, for since the legalisa tion of tho .totalisator not only has racing deteriorated, but' a spirit of gambling has been .. engendered which threatens the mo3t evil consequonces upon tho com munity. Another social question whioh Par liament will have to deal with this session is tho somewhat alarming spread' of prostitution amongst young girls between the ages of 12 add 16. This deplorable species of vice has displayed itself in greatest, proportions in the city of Wellington, under the very nose of the Legislature, where youthfnl depravity is so glaring as to have hail special reference made to'it in most of the churches yesterday. What applies to tho seat of 'Government may be said of 'most of the cities of the colony, where enforced idleness is tb'e main cause of so many young girls going astray. "Another social matter 'claiming attention... ju9t.' now is the ' emancipation' of ' shop .assistants from the 'slavery of long hours.'' Mr. Joyce, the member for Lyttolton, has brought in a bill' providing for the compulsory closing of shops, except those 6f chemists, 'at 6 p.m.," aiiid ne of the most hopeful 3ighs of the measure becoming law is the approval which it has received from the majority of shopkeepers in the various Inrge centres of population. The electoral laws 'are to bo consolidated, and the prominent features of the bill which the Colonial Secretary has brought in comprise the abolition of the dual Maori vote, tlio issue of electors' rights for three years at a charge of one shilling, strict secrecy of tho ballot, the amalgamation of suburban and city electorates, and tlio formation of country constituencies into electoral groups, with the introduction of a modified form of tho Hare system. 'Provision is also made to have 71 European members instead of '91 returned to the next Parliament in accordance with tho Representation Act passed last session. I summarise the following items of general news : — Mr. William Afoody, of the firm of Afqody and Zieslcr, Timaru, was found drowned in n crock 5 mile3 to the south of that town, The body, when found, was stauding upright in 8 feet of water, but whether death was the result of accident or design has not been clearly determined, 'Tho , eldest son of Air. Studhohite, Arrowtown, fell frbm a cliff i50 feel high while gathering snowberrics, and was killed. Tlie proclamation ' re infected ports notifies that strict '.quarantine will be enforced in reference to' all vessels arriving at auy .p'oft ' or place in New Zealand from, or having touched at, China, Hong Kong) Snmtitrn, Java and the islands of the Eastern Archipelago, or having received any person or thing from or out of any vessel coming from or having touched at any bf' such places. Experiments in the grow ing of the tea plant have proved successful in the Auckland, district. Dr. Schlcizzer, the expert engaged by the Newberry-Vautine Company, 'Auckland, is now on his way. from Europe, bnt before coming here will visit Sandhurst to inspect the gold extracting appliances 'there; 'Mr. C. Napier Bell)' the oraineot engineer,' has been ' presented with a valuable testimonial' at ' Westport. ' SoverAl of the Chinese who arrived by tho To Anau' have been discovered to be ' 'old Grey Valley minors. The Auckland Jovcniiuj Bell newspaper ' has ceased publication, after incurring a loss of £19,000 in three years. Tlie Wellington Opera Honse is to . be restored at a cost bf £6500, £1500 in excess of the insurance money. Archbishop Redwood proceeded per last San. Francisco mail steamer on n visit to the Pope, and will bo away about six months, tho affairs of the archdiocese being in the meantime conducted by the 'Very Rev. Father AI'Namura. The statement of James Alacdonatd, cement manufacturer, of Duaediu, shows an apparent surplus of over £26,000. Statistics show that while in 1869 the amount spent on drink in Now Zealnud was 1Q guineas per head of the population, last year it had decreased to £3 5s., wbicli is ' lower than Victoria, New South Wales or tbe United Kingdom. The consumption of tea is rapidly increasing, the duty having been paid on 573,360 lb. more of tea in 1887 than in 1886, the total for 1887 bcingd, 713, 8-10 lb. ' The case of Sargood (Alelboiirne firm) v. the Dunedin corporation has occupied the attention of the Court of Appeal for a whole week, and judgment has been deferred. Brougli and Boucieault's com pany has been doing a fair business in' Christ-' church, "and will leave foi Australia as soon as they have got : through their season at Dunedin. ' 1 " -' ' ' 