THE ARGONAUTS OF NORTH LIBERTY; By Bket If arte. Author of tho Luck of Ronriug Camp, In tho Carquini'Z Woodf, etc., etc. CHAPTER VII, 0T10NINU his companion to a sent on tho loungo just va cated, Bland- ford folded his arms and stood oroct bof o r o ' him. "Well," ho Raul, with quick business con ciseness, "What do you want?" Esokiol was ptacgerod out of his complacency " Wu'nl," ho stammered, 't only reckoned to asl: tho new, cs wo are old friends— I—" "How much do you w;\nt?"rcpe:\ted Bland- foul, impatiently, Kzekiel was mystified, yet expectant. "I can't ray c 7. 1 exiikly understand," ho began. " How— much— money— do— you — want ? " continued Blandford, with frigid accuracy, "to get up and get out of this plnco ! " "Wn'al, considered cz I'm travellin hero cz tho only authorised agent of n Fir&t-class; Frisco Drug House," said Ezekiel, with a mingling of mortification, pride and IioiWuIucps, "unless you're travellin in tho opposition busince?, I don't sco what's that to yon." Blandford recorded him scarclilngly for nu instant, " Who sent you hero?" "Dilworth and Durenbcrry, Battery street, San Francisco. Hov their card ?" said Ezekiel, producing ono from his waistccnt pocket. "Oorwm, " said Blandford, sternly, "Whatever your buinor> is here you will find It wilt pay you better, a sight, to bu frank with ma and stop this Yankee simfilmg. You say you have been with Dojnoiest— what has bo got to do with your burincs hero" "Nothin"" said Ezekiel. 1 reckon he wos cz astonished 10 sco mo cz you are." " And ho didn't send you here to seek intf' said Blandford, impatiently "Cousidcrin' he believes you a dead man, I reckon not." Blandford gave a hard, constrained laugh. After a pause, still keeping Ids oyes fixed on Ezekiel, ho said : "Then your recognition of mo was acci dental " "Wa'nl, yes. And ez I never took much stock iii tho stories that you wcro washed off tho Wnruoboro Bridge,! ain't much astonished at finding you agin." "What did you believe happened to mo 5'' said Blandford, less brusquely. Ezekiel noticed the softening; he felt his own tmn coming. " I kalkilntcd you had rensous for going off, leaving no address behind you," he drawled. "What reasons V asked Blandford, with a sudden relapse to his former hnrsluiess. "Wa'nl, Squiro Blandford, sens you wanter know— 1 rcckou your business wasn't payiu', and there was n matter of two huudied and fifty dollnrs yc took with ye, that your creditors would hcv-lUced to liov back." "Who dare say that!" demauded Bla ndford angrily. 11 Your wife that was— Mrs Domoreat ez is— : told it to her mother," returned Ezekiel, lazily. Tlio blow struck dcepor than ovon Ezekiol's dry malice imagined. For an instant. Bland ford remained stupofied, lit tlio five years re trospect of his resolution on that fatal night, whatever doubt of its wisdom might havo obtruded Itself upon him, ho had never thought of this. Ho had been willing to believe that his wife had quiotly forgotten Imn as well as her treachery to him, ho had passively ncquiesccd in tho reailta of that forgetfulncss and his own silence ; ho had been conscious that Ins wound had healed sooner than ho ex pected, but if this consciousness had enabled him to extend a certain passivo forgiveness to his wife and Dcmorest, it was always with tho conviction that his mystoiioua effacciuent lmd loft au inexplicable shadow upon them which their consciences nhme could explain. But for this unjust, vulgar and degrading intorpreta tion of hi own net of expiation, he was totally unprepared. It completely crushed whatever sentiment remained of that net in the hornblo irony of finding himself put upon his defence before the world, without bciug able now to offer the real cause. The anguish of that night had gone for over ; but the ridiculous interpre tation of it had survived, and would survive it. In tho eyes of tho man beforo him he was an absconding, petty defaulter, whom he had just detected I liis mind was quickly made up. In that in stant ho had resolved upon a step as fateful ns his former cue ; and a fitting climax to its re sults. For five years he had dearly misunder stood hi attitude towards his treacherous wife and perjured friend. Thanka to this practicul, selfish machine before him, ho know it now, "Look here, Corwin,' lie said, turning upon Ezekiel a colourless face, but a stoady merci less eye. " 1 can guess, without your telling me, what lies may bo circulated about me by tho man and woman who know that I have only to deolnro myself idive to convict them of infamy— porhaps even of criminality beforo tho law. You are not my friend, or you would not havo behovea them ; if you arc theirs you have two courses open to you now. Keep this meeting to youreelf and trust to my mercy to keep it a secret also ; or tell Mrs ' Dcmorest that you have scon Mr Johnson who is not afraid to come forward at any moment and proclaim that ho is Edward Blandford, her only lawful husband. Choose which course you like— it is nothing " Wa'al, I reckon that as far on I know Mrs Dcmorest," said Ezekiel drily, " it don't mnku tlio least difference to her either, hut if you want to know my opiuton o' tlusmattoi, it js that neither you nor Demurest exactly under- stand that woman. I'vo known Joan Salisbury oince she was so high, but if yo expected me to tell you wot she was goin' to do next, I'd bo ablo to tell yo where tho next flash o' ligntmn' would striko. It's wot you don't expect of Joan Salisbury that she does. And tho best proof of it is that Bbu filed paj>ers for a divoroe agin' you iu Chicago, aud got It by default a few weeks afore ahe married Demorest— and you don't know it." Blandford recoiled. " Impossible", ho said, but his voice too plainly showed how dearly its possibility struck hhn now. "It'sso, but it was kept secret by De&cou; Salisbury. I overheard It. Wa'al, that' a proof that you don'tuoderatand Joan, Irechon. And considerin' that Deinorest himself don't know it, ez I found out only the other day in talking to 1dm, I kalkilatc I'm safe m saytn' that you're noithor o you quito np to Deacon Salisbury's darter in nat'ral cuteness. I don't like to obtrude my opinion, Squire Blandford, ez we're old friends, but I do cay, that wot with Demorcst's prcmatoorincss and yor own hangfircduess, it's a good thing that you two worldly men hev got Joan Salisbury to staud up for North Liberty and keep it from boin' scandalised by tho ungodly. Ef it hadn't bcou for her smartness wlmr yid both bo landed now? There's a heap in Christian bringin' up, and a power in grace. Squire Blaudford." His hard, dry face was for an instant trans figured by a grim fealty and tlio dull glow of some sectarian clnnnishuesa. Or was it possible that this womau's personality had in some mys terious way disturbed his rooted selfishness. Blandford, who hod walked to the window during his speech, suddenly turned round to him aud held out his hand. "Lot bygones bu by- gonC8,Corw»n— wbethor wo ever moot again or not. Y erxf I can do any thi ng for you for tho mtko ofold tunes, I am ready to do it. I have sotno power hero and in San Francisco, he continued with a slight touch of pride, " that isn't dc-iieu- dent upon tlio more name I may travel under, 1 have a puritoso in coming hero." "I know it," said Ezekiel drily. "I hoard it all from your two friends. Y ou'ro huntin' some man that did you an injury." " I'm hunting down a dog who, suspecting I had somo secret In emigrating here, tried to blackmail and ruin mc," said Blandiord,- with a sudden expression of hatred that seemed in consistent with Anything that EzekU-l had evor known of his old master's character— "a scoundrel who tried to break up my new lifo as another had broken up the old." He stopped and recovered hiinsolf with a ehnrb laugh, " Well, Ezekiel, I don't know as his opinion of me was any worse than your's or her'?. And until I catch him to clear niy name . again , I let tho other slanderers go," "Wa'nl, I rcokou you might lay hands On tlmt devil yot, and not fsr away cither. . I was up at Demorsct's to-day, and 1 heard Joan and a skittish .s;rt o Mexican young lady tslkin1 about some tramp that bad frightened her. Aud Miss Pico said—" "What 1 Who did you toy?" demanded Blandford with a violent start, ' "Wa'al, I reckoned I heerd the first name, too— Roaita," A quick flush crossed Blaudford's face, aud loft it glowing Ilka a boy's. "Is sho thoro?" " Wa'al, I rcckou she's vlsitln' Joan," said Ezokiol, narrowly ntteutivo of Blaudford's strange cxeitomcnt ; " but wot of it ?" But Blnmlford liml uttorly forgotten Ezeklcl's presence. He had remained speech- less and flushed. Ami then, as if suddenly dazzled l\v nn inspiration, he abruptly dashed from tho room. Ezekiel hoard him call to His passive host with a Spanish oath, but beforo ho could follow, they had both hurriedly left tho home. Ezyldel glanced around him, and contem platively ran his fingers through his benrd. "It ain't Joan Salisbury nor Dick Demorobt ez give him that tftnrt ! Humph 1 Wa'al— I wanter to knowl'' CHAPTER VJIL Mr Demurest was o fascinated by the com pany of Doim Rosila Pico and her ronmntio incmorio, that sho prevailed U|H)ii that heart broken, but scarcely attenuated young lady, to prolong her visit beyond tho fortnight sho had allotted to communion with the past. For n day or two following her singular oxperionco in tho garden, Mm Domorest plied her with ques tions regarding tho uppatUiou she had seen, and finally extorted from her tho admission that sho could not positively swear to its being the real Johnson, or oven a perfectly consis tent shade of that faithless man. When Joan pointed out to her that such masculine perfec tions as curling raven locks, long silken inns ta chios, and dark eye?, wcro attributes by no means exclusive to her lover, but were occasion ally fictii among other less favored aud cveu equally dangerous Americans, Dona Rosita ns scntod with less objection than Joan anticipated. "Besides, dear," said Joan, eyeing her with folino watchfulness, "it is four years since you'vo seen him, and surely tho man has cither shaved since, or else lio took a ridiculous vow never to do it; nhd then lio would bo more fully bearded." Bnt Dona Rositaonly shook her pretty head. "Ah, but ho havo an air— a something I know not what you call— so." Sho threw her shawl over her left shoulder, and ns far as a pair of soft bluo oyes and coinfortnblo pacific features would permit endeavored to convey an idea of wicked ami gloomy abstraction. " You child, "said Joau, "that's nothing they nl) of them do that. WI13', thoro was a stranger nb tho Oriental Hotel whom I met twice when I was there— just or mysterious, romantic and wicked-looking. And in fnot they hinted terrible thing about him. Well! so mncil so, that Mr Dcmorest was quito foolish about my being baroly civil to hiui— you understand— and—' " She stopped sud denly, with a hcirhtcncd color under the fire of Rosiia'9 laughing oyes. "Ah— so— Dona Discretion ! Tell tome nil. Did our hoosband eat him ?" Joan's features Ruddtmly tightened to their old Puritan rigidity. "Mr DcmorcKt has reasons— abundant reasons —to thoroughly understand and trust mo," she replied in an nuttlero voice. Rosita looked nt Iiob a momont in mystifica tion and thou shrugged her shoulders. Tho conversation dropped. Nevcrlielrs?, . it is worthy of being recorded that from thai moment tho usual familiar nlluRtons, playful nud serious, to Roeita's mysterious visitor be gan todiuiiuish in frequency, and finally ceased. Even the nowe brought by Demorust of aomo vague minor in tho Pueblo that nn intended attack on tho etngo coach had been frustrated by tho authorities, and that the vicinity had been haunted by incognitos of both parties, failed to revive thn dncussion. Meantime the slightest excitement that had stirred the sluggwh lifo of the Pueblo of San- Buenaventura had subsided. The waao of Senor Mateo had lost its feverish and perplex ing dual iifc; tbo alley belurnl it no longer wan congested by loungingcigarntte smokers; tho compartment looking upon the silent patio was unoccupied, and its chairs and tables wcro empty. Tho two Deputy Sheriff, of whom Sonor Mateo presumably kuew very little, had fled ; and tho myctcrions Sonor Johnson of whom he— still presumably— know still less, had also disappeared. For Senior Mateo's knowledge of what transpired in nud about his posndo, mid of the character and purposes of those who frequented it, was tinoturcd by gravo and philosophical doubts. This courteous And dignified scepticism generally took the formula of gtu'en fin to to all frivolous and inundano inquiry, Ho would affirm with strict verity that his omelettes wero unapproachable, ins beds miraculous his oguard/eidc supreme, his house was even as your own. Boyond theso were questions with which tho simply finite mul always discreet human intellect declined to grapple. Tho disturbing effect of n.Scnor Corwin upon a mind thus gravely constituted may be easily imagined. Besides Ezekiel's inordinato capa city for useless or indiscreet information, it was undtminblo that this patent medicine had effected a certain peaceful revolutionary move ment m San Bueuaventura. A wimple and sui>ersutious community that had steadily resisted the practicnl domestic nnd agricultural American improvements succumbed to tho occult healing influences of the I'anacca nnd Jones's Bitters. Tlio virtues of a mysterious balsani, more or lesi illuminated with a colored mythological label, deeply impressed them; and the exhibition of a circular, whereon a celestial visitant was represented as descend- ine with n gross of Rogers' pills ton Puttering but admiring multitude, touched their religious sympathies to such an extent that the good Pndro Jose was obliged to warn them from tho pulpit of tho diabolical chnradtcr of the30 heresies of healing—' with the natu.nl result ot j et more dangerously advertising Ezekiel. There wero those too who spoko under their breath of thu miraculous efficacy of theso nostrum?. Had not Don Victor Argut llo, whoso respectable digestion, exhausted by continuous pepper and garlic, failed liitn suddenly, received an unexpected and pleasurable stimulus from tho New England rum. which was thu basis of the Jones Bitters? Had not tlio baker, tremulous from excessive aymmlientr, been soothed and sustained by the infallible morphia, judiciously hidden in lflogg's Nerve Tonic? Nor had tho wily Ezekiel forgotten the weaker sex 111 thmr maiden and maternal requirements. Unguents, that mndo nilkim their black but somuwhat coarsely fibrous iVobscs, opened charming possibilities to tho SeuoritnH ; while soothing syrup lent a peace ful repose to many a distracted mother'a household. Tho success of Ezekiel was so marked as to justify Iub return at tho und of thrco weeks with a fresh assortment and nn undiminished audacity. It was on this pccond visit that tho sceptical, non- committal policy of Senor Mateo war sorely tried. Arriving at tho jtosado one night, Ezekiel bccamo aware that his host was engaged In somo mysterious conference with a visitor who hud entered through tho ordinary public room. Tim view which tho acutu Ezekiel managed to got of tho stranger, however, was productive of no further discovery than that lie boro a faint and dUrepatnblo resemblance to Blandford, and was handsome aftcni cunRoiouo.rockleba fashion with an air of mingled bravado and conceit. But an hour lator, ns Corwin was taking the cooler air of the verandah beforo rotiriug to ono of the miraculous beds of tho povada, ho was nmazod at seeing what was apparently Blandford him self emerge on horseback from the alley, nnd altera qnickglancoownrds tho verandah, cantor rapidly up tho street. Ezukivl's first impression was to call to him, hut tho suddon rcoollectiou that ho parted from his old master nn confidential terms only three days beforo in San Francisco, and that it was impossiblo for hull to bo in tho PuiUo, stopped him with his fingers racdintutivcly in his beard. Then lie turned in to tbo jx-sadu, aud iiAstilv Buinmonod Mateo. That gentleman presented himself in a state of fluch nrofouud scepticism that it seemed to havo already communicated itself to his shoulder?, and gave him the appearance of having shrugged himself into tho room. " Ha'ow lone ago did Mr Johnson get here V? asked Coriviu. lazily. "Ah— poasibly— then there has been a Mr Johnson?" This ns a polite doubt of his own perceptions and a courteous acooptanoo of his questioner's. "Wa'al, 1 guess so. Considerin1 1 jest saw him with my own oyes." returned Ecekiok " Ah ?" Mateo was relieved. Might ho con-, grntulaio tho Sonor Corwiu, who must bo also reliovcd, and shako his respected hand. Buono, And thou ho had mot this Sonor Johnson? doubtless a friend? And lie was well? and all wero happy 1 ' "Look yor, Mattayol What X wanter know tt this. When did that man who has just ridden out ofc your alley, ooaio .heroi Subo that— It's a plain question." Ah surely, of tho clearest comprehension. Bneno. It may hove been lost week— or even this week— or perhaps yesterday— or of a possibility to-day. Tbo Senor Oorwin, who as wise and oinulsclont, would comprehend that the difficulty lay in deciding who war that man. Porhaps a friend of tho Sonor Corwin— perhaps only ono who looked like him. Then existed— might Mateo point out— o doubt. EzcltiA regardod Mateo with a certain grim appreciation. ".Wa'al, is there anybody about here who looks like Johnson V Again there wsee the dlffloulty of .ascertain ing perfectly bow tbo Senor Johnson looked If tho Sonor Johnsou was Amorionnd, doubt less then) were other Americanos who hnd resembled him. It was possible. Tho Souor Corwin had observed for a Httlo epaco n cabnlloro who was here, as it woroiutlioinstnnt of tho npponrnnc1 of Senor Johnsou I Possibly thero.was a resemblance, nud yot—. Cnrwin had certainly noticed this resem- bianco, but it did not nuit his cautious intellect to fall in with any prevailing accptioiHinof his host. Satisfied in ids mind that) Mateo was concealing something from him, and equally satisfied tlmt lie would sooner or later find it out, ho grinned diabolically iu thofnee of that worthy man, and sought tho meditation ol his miraculous couch. When ho hiuTdopartud tho sceptic turned to his wife : " This animal has been sniffing at tlio trail. " " Truly— but Mother of Gfel— whero is tho discretion of our friend. If lie will contitiuo to haunt the jntebio liko a love sick chicken ho will get his neck rung yet." Following out e.u ingenious idea of his own, Ezekiel called tlio next day on the DcmorestH, aud in somo occult fanhion obtained un invita tion to Riny under theli hospital roof during his sojourn in Buenaventura. Perfectly aware that ho owed tin courtesy more to Juan thau her husband, it is probable that Ills grim eti joymont was not diminished by tho fact, while Joan, for reasons of her own, preferred tlio constraint which tho prescnco of another visitor put upon Demo rr.Hl's luxuriousiictM. Of late, too, thoro wero times when Dona Rositn'« naivo intelligence, whiuh was not- unliko the embairajfiing percep tions of a bright nnd hnlf-spoilcd child, ivns ill her way, and rIiu would willingly havo shared tho young lady's company with her husband had Dcmorest shown nny Rympathy for tho girl. It was in tho iaint ho|>u that Ezekiel might in somo way beguile Rosita'a wandering attention that sho had invited him. Tho only difficulty lay in his uncouthncss, and iu presenting to tho heiress of thoPicoR a man who had been formerly her own servant. Had she attempted to conceal that fact, film was satisfied that EzckiePs indiipcmlonco nnd un tural predilection for embarrassing situations would have inevitably revealed it. Sho hnd ovcU'gono so far as to consider tho propriety of investing him with a poor relationship ta her family, when Dona lloaita herself happily stopped all further trouble. On her very first introduction to him, that chnvmiugyouug lady at once ncc- ptod him as a lunatic whoso brains wero tuincd by occult, scientific and medical study 1 All I she, Roaita, had heard of such cjisgs bofore. Hnd not a paternal ancestor of bora, ono Don Diego Castro, behoved he hnd discovered tho elixir of youth. Had ho not to that, ond refused even to wash lum tho hand, to cut him tlio nail of tho finger and tho hniraf tho head ! Exalted by that discovery, find I10 not been unsparingly uncomplimentary to all humanity, especially to tho weaker sex ? Even ns tho Sonor Corwin I Far from being offended at this ingenious interpretation of hi character, Ezekiel cxhi bited a dry gratification over it, and oven con ceived an unwholcsomo admiration of tho fair critio ; he haunted her presence nnd preoccu pied her society far beyond Joan's must sanguine expectations. Ho aatm open-mouthed uijoynu-nt of hor nt tho table,, lie way laid her in tho garden, ho attempted to tench her English. Dona Kosita received theso extraordinary advance in a. no less ex traordinary manner. In tho scant mnsculino ntmospliero of tho house nnd tho somewhat rigid New England reservo that still per vnded it, perhaps sho languished a little, and was not averse to n slight flirtation oven with ft randmnn. Beside?, she assumed tho atti tude of exercising a wholesome restraint over him. " If we aro not fotiud dead in our bed 0110 morning, and extracted of our blood for a cordial, you fihall have to tlinnk mo for it, '> sho mild to Joan. "Also for tho nob em poisoning tbo coffee." So she permitted hint to carry o chair or hammock for her into the garden, to fetch the various articlus which sho was contlnailly losing, and which ho found with lifn usual penetration ; nud to supply her with informa tion, iu widcli, however, lio exercised nu unwonted caution. On tho other hand, certain native recollections nnd admis sions, which in tho quality of a rotable child sho occasionally impartud.to this "madmau"in riturii, wero 111 tho proportion of tlireo to ouo. It lmd been a hot daj', and oven tho usual sunset breeze had failed that ovemug torock thu tops ot tho outiyiug pine trees or cool the heated tiles of the I'ucblo roofs.- There was a hush and Intent expectancy in thu air that acted upon tho people with feverish unrest and ' uncnpinesfl.Evcn n hill In tho faintly whispering garden oround thoDomorcsts castt lmd atfeetod tho spirits of its inmates, causing them to wander about in vague rcstlessuess. Joan had disappeared; Dona Roaita, under an olive truo in one of tho deserted paths, nnd attended by the faithful Ezokicl,1itd said it was "earth- qitnkc weather," and recalled, with a a sign of the cross, a certain droadful day of Iter childhood, when et temblor had shaken down ono of the Mission towers. " You shall sco it now, ob I10 have left it, so it has reinaiu, always," sho added with superstitious gravity. " That's just tlm lazy slnftleasncas of your folks," responded Ezokiel with prompt un gallautty. " It ain't uo wonder that thn Lord Almighty lioz to stir you up now and then to keep yon goin'." Dona Rosita gazed at hnn with rimplo childiah pity. " Poor man; it havo effect you uIko in the head, this weather. So! It was even so with tlio undo of my father Hush up yourself, nnd bring to ino the box of chocolates of iny tabic. I will gif to yon one. You shall for one time have something pleasant on tho end of your tongue, cveu if you must swallow him idtcr." Ezekiel grinned. " Yo ain't afraid 0' bein' loft alone with tho ghost that haunts tho garden, Miss Rosita?" " After yon— novcr-r-r." I'll find Mir Dcmorest nud sr-nd her to yc," said Ezokiel, hesitatingly. "Eh, to attract hero the ghoab? Thank you, no, veiy mooch." Ezcktel'rt faco contracted until nothing but bin bright peering grey eyes could bo ween. " Attract the ghost," ho echoed. "Then you Jmlkilute that its—" he stopped, iminua tiugly. Rosita brought hor fan sharply over his knuckles, aud immediately opened it ngam ov«»r her half embarassed face. "I compre hend nut anything to ' ckulkilatc ' 117// you gn. Don Fantastieo ; or is it for mo to bring to you T Ezekiel flew. He quickly found tlio choco Iritps nnd returned but was disconcerted on arriving under the olive tree to find Dona Rosita no longer in the hammock, Ho turned into a bye-path, whero nn extraordi nary circumstance attracted hia attention. The air was perfectly still, but tlio leaves of a nianzanitn bush near tho mis-shapen cactus were slightly agitated. Presently Ezokidsaw tho stealthy figure of a man emerge from behind it and npprcnch tlio cactus. Reaching his hand cautiously toward tho plant, tho stranger do tacltod Boinothiiig from onn of its thorns, and instantly disappeared. Ths quick eyes of EzokieLhad seen that it was a lottcr, his un erring perception of faces recognised at the same inomont that tho intruder was none other than tho handsome, rechles!ooking man ho had scon the other day in conference with Mateo, But Ezekiel was not tho only witness of this strango intrusion. A few pnoea from him, Dona Rosita, uncom-ciou? of his return, was gazing in a half- frightened, breathless absorp tion in thu dircctiou of tho strangur'h flight. " 'Wa'al 1" drawled Kzekiel lazily. She started aud turned towards him. Her faco war palo nud alarmed, and yot to the critical cyo of Ezekiel tt seemed to wear an ex pression of crnuiied relief. Sho lnugheil faintly- " Ef that's tho kind o ghost you hov about yor, it's a healthy one," drawled Ezukiul. lio turned and fixed his keen eyes on Rosita's lace. " I wondor what kind o' fruit grows on tho cactus that he's so fond of ?" Either sho had not seen. tlio abstraction of tho iottcr or hot noting was p erfcct, for cho returned liis look unwaveringly. " Tho fruit, eh ? I have not comprehend." " Wa'al, I reckon I will," said Ezekiel. He walked towards thu cactus ; thorn Was nothing to bo' seen but its thorrtv spikes. Uo was confronted, however, by the sudden nppantioa of Joan from belflud tho m&nzamtaat; its aide. She looked up and glanced from Ktekicl tr ' Dona Rosita with an agitated air. ' ; " Ob, you saw blm too 1" she said eagerly. "I reckon," answered Ezekiel, witli hh eyes still on Rosita, " I was wondering wliai on nirth be was so taken with that air cactus for." Rosita had bccomo slightly pale again in the presence of her friend. Joan quietly pushed Ezokiel aside aud put her arm around hor. "Aro you frightened ngain?" she asked, in a low whisper. "Not mooch," returned Roaita, without lift ing her eyos. "Ib was only nomo peon, trespassing to pick blossoms for hla sweetheart," sho said significantly, withnglanco towavdo Ezekicb " lebiw go in." Sho p.ipscd her hand through Koslta's pas sive! arm nud led her towards tlio homo, Ezc- kit-Pa penetrating eyes atill following Rosita with an expression of gratified doubt. For oueo, however, that nstmo observer was wrong. When Mrs Domoreat had reached the house riio slipped into her own room, and, bolting the door, drew "from her bosom a letter which she had picked from tho cactus thorn, nud rend it with a fleshed face and eager cyo, It may havo been tho effect of tho pheno menal weather, but tho next dayra malign in- flucnuc seemed to pcrvndo tho Domorest house hold. Dona Rosita was confined to her room by an Attack of Inuguid nervrs, siqicrinduced, as she war still volublo enough to declare, by the narcotic effect of soma unknown herb which tho hmntto Ezekiel had no doubt myste riously administered to her with a view of ex perimenting 011 its properties, bhu ovon avmvedtlint rIio must speedily return te Los Osos, beforo Ezekiel nhutihl further compromise her reputation by putting her on a colored label in plnco of the usual Celestial Distributor of the Panacea. Ezekiel himself, who lmd been singularly abstracted nud reticent, nnd had absolutely foregone one or two opportuni ties of disagreeable criticism, bad gotio lo tlio pueblo early that morning. Thn house was comparatively nilcut and deserted when Demorcsa walked into his wife's boudoir. Jb was a pretty room, looking upon tho garden, furnished jvith a singular mingling of her own inherited formal taste?, and tho moro sensuous coloring nnd a&awfou; of hor now life. Thcro wero a great many rugs nud hangings scattered in disorder around tho room, nnd apparently purposeless, cxcopt for color ; thcro was n bamboo lounge ns largo as a divan, with two or thrco cushions disposed on it, nnd n low chair that Boomed tho incarnation of iudolonco Opposed to this, on tho wall, was tho rigid picturo of her gr.vudinther, who bad nppa- cutly retired with his volume furthor into the canvas boforo tho sprctaclo of this un godly opulonco ; a largo Bible on a funereal trcstlc-liko stand, and tho primmest and barest of writing table?, beforo which she was standing as at a sacrificial altar. With an al most mechanical movement sho closed her portfolio as hor husband entered, and also the lid of a small box with a alight snap. This suggested exclusion of him from her previous occupation, wliatovor it might bo, oaueed a faint silndowof pain to pasti across Mbloving eye?. Ho cast a glanco at lus wife ns if mutely asking her to sit besido him, but she drew a chair to the table, and with her elbow resting on tlio box, resignedly awaited his speech. "' don't mean to disturb yon, darling," ho Raid gently, " but as wo #erc alone, I thought wo might have ono otour old- fashioned talks, and—" "Don't lot ib bo so old-fashioned as to in clndo North Liberty again," sho interrupted, wearily. "Wo'vo bail quito enough of that sinco 1 returned." " I thought you fbund fault with mo thon for forgetting tho past. But let that pass, dear 5 It is not our affairs I wanted to talk to you about now," ho said, stiffing a sigh, " It's nbout your friend. FIcaro don't don't mis understand what I nm going to any ; nor that I interpose cxcopt from necessity." She turned her dark brown eyes in his direc tion. but her glanco passed abstractedly over bis head into tho garden. "It's a matter perfectly well-known to mc— and, 1 fear, to all your servants also— that eomobudy Is making clandestine visits to our garden. I would not trouble you beforo, until I ascertained tho object of theso visits. It is quito plan tome now that Dona Roaita is tbatobject and tlmt communications aro Rccretly carried on between her and some un known stranger. Ho lias been hero onco or twice boforo : be was hero ugnin yesterday. Exekiol Raw him nnd saw her." " Together ?" asked Mrs Dcmorest, sharply. "No; but ib wan evident that thcro was some understanding, and that somo comtnuni cation passed betweon tlieni." " Well, " said Mrs Domorest, with repressed impatience. "It Is equally evident, Joan, thab this stranger is a man who does not daro to approach your friend in her own houne, nor mora openly in this ; bub who, with her connivance, uses us to carry on an intrigue which may bo perfectly Innocent, but is cer tainly compromising to all concerned. I am quito williug to bclicvo that Dona RoBita is only romnntio and reckless, bnt that will not prevent her from becoming tho dtipo of some raecal \ylio dare not face us openly, nnd who certainly docs not net ns hor equal." "Well Kosita is no chicken, and you aro not her guardian." There was n vacuo liearUcBRiies?, moro in her voice than in her words, that touched him as her cold indifference to himself had never done, aud lor nn instant stung his crushed spirit to rovolt. "No," he said sternly, "but I am her fnther'ri friend, nud I shall not allow hU daughter to be compromised under my roof." Her eyefl Bprnng up to meet his in hatred as promptly ns they onco hnd mot iu love. "And since when, Richard Demurest, havo you be come so particular," sho asked, with dry asperity. "Since you lured me from tho sido of my wedded husband ? Sinco you mob mo clandestinely in trains and made lovo to 1110 under au assumed namo ? Sinco you fol lowed mo to my housa under the protexb of being my husband's friend, and forced mc — yc?, forced ine— to Beo you secretly under my' my mother'? roof ? Did you think of com promising me then ? Did you think of ruining my reputation, of driving irty husband from his homo in despair ? Did you call yourself a rascal then ? Did— — " "Stop !" ho said, in a voice that shook tho rafters ; " I command you, stop 1" Sho had gradually worked herself from a de liberately infiulting precision into a hysterical, nnd Il ls to be feared n virtuous, conviction of her wrongs. Beginning only with the instinct to taunt and wound tho man beforo her, sho had been led by a secret consciouGneRR of some thing else he did not know to anticipate his reproach and justify herself in a wild feminino abandonment of emotion. But sho stopped at hie wordH. For u moment hlio was even thrilled again by tho strength and imperiousucsa she had loved. They wcro facing each other after fivo years of mistaken passion, oven as they had faced each other that night iu her mother's kitchen. But tho grave of that dead passion yawned be tween them. It was Joan who broke tho silence, that after her single outburst scorned to fill and oppress tho room. " As far as Rosita is concerned," sho Raid, with affected calmness, "she is going to-night. And you probably will not be troubled any longer by your mysterious visitor." Whothor ho heeded thuBarcnBtic significant 0 f her lust sentence, or oven heard her at all, lie did nob reply. For n moment ho turned bla blazing eyes full upon her, and then without a ward Rtrodo from tho roorp. She walked to the door and stood uneasily listening in the pnseago until sho heard tho clatter of hoofs in the paved patio, and knew that ho bad ordered his horse. Then she turned back relieved to iier'rooin. It was already sunset when Dwnarent draw rein again at tlio entrance to tlio corral, and the last mroko of tlio Angdus wan ringing from thu mission tower. Ho looked haggard and exhausted, and his horso was flecked with foam and dirt. Wherever ho had been, or for what object, or whether objections nnd dazed ho had simply sought to lose himself in aimlessly wandering over tho dry yellow hills, or in careering furiously among his own wild cattle ou tho arid brittle plain ; whothor he had benten all thought from Lis bruin with. tho. jarring leap of his liurso, or whether ho had pursued some vague and elusive determination to ids own door, h not essential to this brief chronicle. Enough thnt when ho dismountod ho drow a pistol from his holster and replaced it in his pocket. . Ho hnd just pushed open tho gnto of tho corral as he led in ids horso by tho bridle, wltun ho noticed anothcu horse tethered among somo cotton woods that shaded tho outer wall of lus garduu. As he gazed tho figure oi a man swung lightly from ono oi tho upper boughs of a cotton «yood upon tho wall, and diHiip- prnrvd on tho other sido. Tt wak evidently tho clandestine visitor. Demorest was in no mood for trifling. Hurriedly driving his hcrae into tbo endusare with a sharp cut of his riata, ho closed tlio gate upon hnn, clipped past the in tervening spaco Into' tho patio nud then 1 unnoticed into tho upper part of the garden. Taking a narrow byepnth in tho direction uf 1 tho potion woods that could be neon above the , ol lib search moving stealthily towards tho » bouse. It was tho work of a moment only to dash forward and seize him, to find hitv.Qclf cn- v gagod in a sharp wrcKtlo, to half draw his j 1 pistol as ho 'straggled with, lib caplivo in the I t open. . But once in the clearer light ha startled, hia grasp of tho stranger relaxed, and ho fell back in bowildured terror. ' "Edward Blandford 1 Good God !" The pistol lmd dropped from lib hand ns ho leant bronthlesi against a tree. The stranger kicked tho weapon contemptuously asido. Then quietly adjusting his disordered dress, nnd picking the brambles front hirf sleeve, hi) Raid with tho same air of disdain, "Yes I Edward Blnndfmd, whom you thought (lend 1 Tliero I I'm 1105 a ghost— though you tried to innico mo one this tune sure," ho said, pointing to the pistol. Demurest passed his bnml across lib white face, "Then it's you— and you have como hero for— lor— Joan ?" " For Joan ?" echoed Blandford, with a quick Kcornful laugh, that ninth) tho blood flow bnclc into DeiuorcRt'? face us from n blow, aud recalled lib scattered Reuse?, "For Joan," ho reiKjated, "Not much 1" Tho two men wore facing each other in irre concilable yet confused antagonism. Both wcro fitill excited and combative from their late pliyiiicnl struggle, but with fooling eo widely different thnt it would havo been impos sible for cither to liavo comprehended thu other. Jn tho figure thnt had apparently risen from tlio dead to confront him, Dcmorest only raw the man he had unconsciously wronged— tho man who iiad it in his power to claim Joau and exact a terrible retribution I But it was part of Hit? monstrous and irrcooncUablo ftitu- ntion that Blandford hnd censed to contemplate it, nnd in lib preoccupation only suwtlio actual interference of a man whom ho no longor hatod,'lmt lmd begun to pity and dcsplso. He glanced coolly around him. "Whatever wo'vo got to any to each other," ho said de liberately, " had better not bo overheard 'At least what I havo got to say to you." (To be Continued. ) 