The Opera Couiiquc Gonfliigri . lion. Concerning the Paris theatre, horror, a correspondent of tho London Truth writee : " Being on good terms with the prefect, 1 was able to ran the polioe blockade and to get a colonel of the fire brigade to take me over the ruius. There was in them a silent eloquence that was nothing less than appalling. Every senre, save tho auditive one, was startled be yond endurance. You felt as in a Bleainbath, Though fourteen engines bad been at work for several days, tho fire was not quite out, and you might have roasted egg* in the black rubbish, it waB so hot. The pungent odor of charcoal took away one's breath. One did not much discern charnel-house sraelk. Tnia is because of the mass of charcoal in which the unfortunates who met a fiery death were imbedded. It was only when one got near any of the few boxes which remained that tbe nostrils were dreadfully offended. 4 Look up there,' said the oolonel. 1 did as he iold mc. anl beheld in a box that held on, as if by mir&clp;, to tbe wall,three ladiCB with black ened vineigrp. One wag in black velvet, au> other had a Jet cura**; the third was in pink and while, ail I had flowers iu a mass of fiizzlA hair. He? mouth was open, as if g.isputij for breath, the lips were greatly cii:lcd baci?, and two rows of white, even teeth \TCI o laid bare. The others laid back in their ohairti qinio quietly, and one of thorn held a fan on the ieV.e of a hose. They f .imed the mo£t awful eight I think I ever gay.'d upon. The probability ia that dcf-piiringofessaping in tb-{ ftatful toircntoUiumanbeingswhfch lore in tlic dark, long corridors and stair?, tlic-y returned to their Eoats and quietly waited to bs burned or suffocated. Death oaino upon them ill the form ot suffocation. It was impossible, up to tho time I hrw them, to get near them, and en they remained in that couepicuoua position for sevrral days. Who then) ladicB wire nobody had an idea, Tho freaks of the Ore at the Opera Coinique were very odd. Thus press-doors were burned away in the wardioue, and the costumes hanging on tho racks were, in many in stances hardly injured. All the peven ladies whu were found in a heap at the foot of the stairoase, unburned, jet asphjixiated, were dressed in black, I cannnot think in virtue' ol what Uw they got together, for they were oleatly not related, and the dressmaker's stamp? on tho inner belt ot tboir corsages were in two eases tha same. An English ar tist, whom i took to tho mortuary, was struck with tlie elegance of the gloves, the boots and shoes, and the etookings. What struck me was tha horrible mookery of fashion expressed in the condition of the fashionably nttired bodies. The quantity of jjwelf Lund wai prod'Rous." A number of Gruesome pictures-mostly from photographs -appear in the Paris illustrated papers. Twj bail tinas-SI lies. Forrotti end TsIIois -were butned to u crisp in their dressing room?. lVri"tti was identified by a shred of her pink ti;:ht«, with her initials sewn there on in blue silk. L'/'linl:nliiiii gives portraits of these two bountiful women in their ballet dress, and be-low appear photographs, grim and ghastly, of the two carbonized bodies. When J imoi> 11 l^scll Lowell registered At i A Ijnidon hotel recently, he was pointed out ne an Aineiican who had come over to Hug laud to jump off bridpes. It must bo a plea sure to ba picat even when you are an or dinary person, aud taken for some oele briety. Canon Wilherforci is a vehement oppo nnnt ol vivirectiun, wliioh, ho declares, lias novel' resulted in n lingta discovery ot impor tance. Tnc ueiul'jman muet admit, however, that it hitx refilled in showing how much ( cutting aud dicing nu animal aan stand be- < [ore Giving up (lie ghost. F. E. Dsnuls. nl Brownsliurg, Ohio, Is i without tluunt tliu mo«t industrious editor ill the world, lie t;(is nut a weekly piper with i pen a til ink, doing all the worl. himself, ana i writing out every copy. If his paper had a circulation ns large as is claimed by most i editors, oow-s-daye, and he should attempt to i write them all out, bis name would indeed be I "Dlnnis," , Osman Pasha, it is said, carried a large white umbrella into aotion at Pieona. When a man will go to war, flying an umbrella over bis head to uhed bullets, he can't have muoh reppect for the fire arms of the enemy. Poa» sibly he used the umbrella to shade liie head from the Bun, but even BO, to tbe enemy it must have looked as if he were questioning the force of their bullets* Newspaper Men Hatd to Kill.-In the main, j juinaliEtK nrn haid to kill. They work undi r iv.iiny diflhultieB, the majority oE thtm at night, subject to hurry, and what would be to other people worry and excitement; yet they bold oat pretty well. In ILtso days, when the world je rushing on in all lines at a bre&k-neok; spoid, nil the events in its past most be chronicled daily, and it ie the business of the newspaper lo do it, and it does do it with a zeal, fidelity and acouracy never before known. In the field ol business there is a lull at different ecuf-ons, and all departments o( human activity are never uniform in speed. Ileico it i? with tho newspaper no hard mattor to sell the sheet at any ecason ol (he year. The char acter nnd quality ol newa may be belter at some times than at others, but there is al ways plenty to print. The makers ol news papers, therefore, are the constant toilers. 