TRACE OF THE STOEM. A NOVEL '?''? Bv DORA RUSSELL.' Author of ' Footprints in the Snow,' ' The Broken Soal, &c.; &c;, &o.; [Published in Queensland by special arrangement. All rights reserved.] CnAWEn VIII.— No Time Lost. The news of Lucy's engagement to Sir William- Hartley was received by her parents with different feelings. Mrs. King was per fectly delighted and elated beyond all roaaon. She foresaw a f uturo for them all that sho had always dreamed of, and never hoped to attain. .But tho rector took a more sober view, and in liis inmost heart felt shocked that his daughter tshonld eo soon havo forgotten her lost loye. But even ho admitted, poor man, that it was a good thing for Lucy, and perhaps for them all. Sir William Harley was well known to him by name, as an eminent statesman and a rich man. Yes, it was certainly a great match for Luoy ; nud so Mrs. King -wrote to toll her daughter that sho had made both her parents 'completely happy.' l'rissy, tho schoolgirl, was also enchanted, and boasted a good deal among her compeors of her future brother-in-law, and waa held by them in increased regard on account of her sistor's engagement. Sho, too, wrote to tell Lucy how pleased she was, but Lucy read all thoir letters with a sinking hoart. 'You will get accustomed to his society,' her aunt once said to her, when Lucy ventured to hint how intolerably woariaomo wero tho visits of her lover.| But Sir William did not hear her inward groans. He thought her a shy, beautiful, modest girl, who had listened to no words of lovo but iia.. .Ho krfow nothing of tho green, sunshiny lanesiwhero poor jack had whispered his ardent vows to tho happy, blushing girl, whoso love -waB as tender as his own. Jock was dead, and nothing mattered very much to her now, Lucy sometimes told her self ; but nil tho snmo, she shuddered when sho thought of tho lifo that lay before her, and shrank away whenever sho could from tho com pany and caresses of her elderly wooer. The engagement was a little triumph to Mrs. Cranloy Forbes. Sho went herself to toll Mrs. Treherno, for sho wished to amuse herself with tho spectacle of that lady's disappointment. ' So,' she said, ' your friend Sir William is going to be married.' Mrs. Treherno's pretty brown faco suddenly flushed. 'Not that I know of,' sho answered un easily. ' I was so surprised ; he proposed yesterday to my nieco Lucy, and she accepted him, and he wishes to bo married immediately. It is very droll!' Thus the pretty widow's dream was over, and tho was compelled to nuike tho best of it, but sho lolt very unamiablo to tho future Lady Harley, in consequence, and determined if sho ever had tho opportunity to return the blow. She, however, congratulated her with every Ecmblnnco of sincerity. ' How delighted you must bo,' she said. 'Naturally,' answered Lucy, smiling, who quite understood tho undercurrent in Mrs. Treberne's mind. Mrs. Cranloy-Forbcs laughed heartily when Lucy repeated this littlo conversation to her, and wrote down to tell her sister in Northumber land that all the women were dying with envy at Lucy's good fortune. She told her sister alto that tho intended to provide Lucy's trousseau, and she wished tho marriage to titko place from her houso ia town. ' It would be absurd to allow her to roturn,' eho wrote, 'just at this present time, to tho scenes and recollections of her girlhood. When the is Lady Harley she will forget all about them. Just now sho would magnify thoir power.' Both tho rector and Mrs. King wero quite ready to adopt this advice. They know it was too Eocn to bring Lucy back to the sight of the very sea where poor Jack Ministers was sup posed to have perished. And it also saved them an immense amount of trouble and ex pense. They, therefore, eagerly accepted Mrs. Cran ley-Forbes's offer, tmd left all tho (inducements in her hands. Mrs. King also accepted a £20 noto from her rich sister, to buy her a new gown for tho wedding, ' as I don't want our bridegroom to supposo he is marrying into a poorBfamily. Between you and mo, ho is a bit of a screw, nud does not open his purso-slrings ?wifli thn rpadineas ono mifrhfc lmve exDnntod from an elderly man marrying a young girl. But Luoy will just have to learn to nmuago him and make tho best of him, for there is no doubt ho is a very rich man.' Tho reason that Mrs. Cranloy-Forbes wrote thus of Sir William's amount of generosity was that ho had smilingly declined to make any marriugo settlement on Lucy, when her aunt had thought it her duty to remind him that it wiis usual to do so. ' My dear madam,' ho had answered, 'my ideas on this subject may be peculiar, but they me fixed ones. Lucy shall bo amply provided for at my death, but during my lifetime 1 prefer her to be quite dependent upon me, for I do not approve of a wifo having a separate income of : her own. Let her como to mo for what sho re quires, and sho shall find I give with no niggard hand.' Mrs. Cranley-Forbes felt vory much dis gusted with this arrangement, but she also felt tho could make no better of it. Sho began to perceivo also that there was a strong vein of obstinacy in Sir William's nature, and that when he had mado up his mind to a thing, nothing would movo him from it. With tho intense self- appreciation which was also part of his character, ho called this trait iirmncEs. |ij'I am firm, my sweet Luoy,' ho one day confided to his young betrothed ; ' but you will soon adapt yourself to this characteristic ; you must oling to me like the vino to tho elm.' ' The poor 'vino' grew a little pale at the prospect. In faot, Mrs. Cranley-Forbos's shrewd eyes began very plainly to seo that Lucy was not lucking well, and that her lovely bloom had somewhat faded since her engage ment. She, therefore, determined to hurry on the marriage, and Sir Wiiliam was nothing loth. They Bettled it between them. Tho marriage was to take place place in tho town the Beoond weok in December, and at the ond of Novem ber, Mrs. Cranloy-Forbes, accompanied by .Luoy, left Brighton, and returned to her house in South Kensington, and from this . house, which was a large and handsome one, Sir William was to bear away his bride. All these arrangements were, of course, communicated to Mrs. Kiug of Langfordby the-Sea. To say Mrs. King was delighted with the prospect boforo her daughter, was nothing. In the most affectionate and glowing terns sho expressed her feelings to Luoy on note- paper. Sho wag a darling; sho had saved them all from ' uttor misory,' and soon. Her father also wrote once or twice to Lucy, and surprised her by enclosing on ono occasion a ohequo for £50. ' . ? ? 'Dear father,' thought tho poor girl, with tears in hor eyes, ' and when he can so ill afford it!' So she Bent hook tho ohequo with a few tender words. She had everything sho required, she told him ; her aunt was very generous ; in tho days that were to come sho hoped she would be able to assist them all at home ;? ho was glad her dear father was going to marry her. .?:.??.. ? - ? , , ... ?, i .-,' 1 ' The reotor ?noticed she did not mention Sir William's name, and sighed a littlo as ho road his -daughter's words. They were not suoh words as hid bright, merry Luoy used to write long ago..' . ? ',,?..'. ? ' I -wish tho ohild may bo happy !' ho said to hui'wife.'.v'- -....?? ;.,, ; 'My dear, do not take such nonsonse into your head,' replied Mrs. King. ' Louisa says ? Bhe is perfeotly happy, in the highost spirits.!! -;'.' Well, I am very glad that it is so.'; , . ?This brief conversation took place two days before tho day fixed for Lucy's marriage. .. The reotor and his, wife were ,to start i tho next morning- for town, and Mrs. King's neiv:!g6wn was packed,, and everything, in, readiness. It was bleak and cold now, on the .Northumbrian eoiiKt,and Mrs. King was delighted to bo going away -tana it.,,, It was settled she . was to . stay on with her Bister for a few; ,, weeks i after, '.tho marriage ; but the rootor. was to return almost immediately., ..,? ' .;.'.'.; .','?'! 'A ill;'.. ,. Still .thisjastday at home wiw'ti busy pne'for the reotor. He had' his' o'urate to'Bee,':an(i'h'is ] dlerk, and half a dozen things to arrange/ Ho ' was busily engaged, therefore, in his library during the afternoon, when Joe Kunstors was announced.,. Joe's sallow face was white with excitement,' and his dark lank hair seemed (figuratively) standing on end. Ho hurried into the room without any ceremony, and as the rector rose, surprised, no gaBped out a fow. words, with pallid lips. ' 'Oh! Mr. King,' ho said, 'I — I — havo heard from Jack — ho is not dead !' CnAirnB IX. — TnErn Sotf-ra-Liw. ? To say Joo Munsters's words wero a shook to tho good man who listened to them, is to give a very poor idea cf tho reotor's feelings when ho heard that Jack still lived. - In a moment ho thought of Lucy — of - Luoy and her wedding day so near ! Ho grew absolutely pale. Ho stared at Joe, who with his shaking hands now commenced to draw out a letter. . . ? ' How do you know ?' at last faltered the rector. . . ? . ' 'Bceauso ho has written,' answered Joo, with his clammy lips. ' It's his own hand writing, there it no mistake. Ho's had brain fever and been in a hospital at Lisbon. He was picked up at sea by an outward-bound ship, and his head was lmtt, and they put in at Lisbon and'loft him there. No ono knew who he wap, and ho could not tell them, and ho has lain (here ever sinco; but he's come round new.' 'And yoti mean to tell me tho letter is from Jack — from Jack himself ';' 'From Jack himself. You may read it.' And Joo held out a letter written on foreign paper ; but the handwriting was not foreign — the rector also know it well— the familiar hand writing of Jack llnnsters. Tho rector, with a strangely moved heart, read: Ily ileav Joe,— By this time I dnro sa3r you have given up all hope of ever seeing ine again. I can scarcely believe my senses when I find what day mid what month this is, nud remember that nearly two months havo passed away that havo been utterly blank to me. You know, of course, the poor little Lucy foundered on tho moniJOR of October fl, nlmost in sight of tho Northumbrian coast. For days wo had had bud weather, mid the yucht was terribly strained, anil we were try ing to make lor Northwick linrbour when the tremendous sale of the Sth and Oth caught us, anil 1 soon snw all liojie was over. I shall never forget the morning of the Oth. when tho dawn broke over the wild sea, anil I knew as the waves swept tho deck, inul tho poor little Lucy quivered under tho mass oJ water, Hint fl'o would never see tho lraid. I wrote n message as I stood there, looking death in the face, ami placed it in a bottle. I wonder if tho sea ever carried it home. I thought of you nil, you may be sure, in tins, which I truly believed was my last hoiu% I tola the men to tjrepiiro them selves for the worst, and somo or them lashed themselves to spurs, and some took life-belts. No bout could live in such a sea, but wo tried to launch one, and as we were doing this two tremen dous waves lapped over the yacht, and she guttled down and never rose again. As I felt her going I leaped into the sen, anil found myself struggling in the huge waves. I looked round for tho other poor fellows, and I saw Huilstou, who also hud a life-belt. I had one, but I did not see nuy hope. I was cnnictl on and on — whirled on, rather, like a feather in the air— until I became, unconscious, and I remember iiol liins more distinctly niitU I found myself lying in Hie hospital here, as an unknown sailor picked up by ii French ship at sen. The Frenchman put in ut Lisbon to coal ; but the crew could give no account of mo except that they tried in the gnle io run for shelter to Knrthwick hnrlicmr, butgftvu up tho attempt, and smno time during tho morn ing of tho Oth I was seen floating close to the ship, and the snilors succeeded in saving mo. My head struck against tho ship's side, however, ns they dragged mq up, and wns badly hurt, and I remained qmtu insensible during the rest of tho voyage, uuil they left me hero. I havo been at death's door here I am told, with brain fever, and n:n still very ill. But I lmvfi my senses all right again, and remember everything up to tho time when tho Lucy wont down. Please take, this letter to the rcetor, Joe, and when you write or come, tell me how they nil are, untt tell them I houe jiow soon to see them ngain, Wero nny of the other fellows picked up ! I see poor ltnilston' face still, as I saw it lust iinild the siu-giug sen ! I trust to henr that he or at least somo of them are saved, as there wns a ship not far olf when tho Lucy foundered. And send me some money pleuse, at once— £100— I shall want some to give the good xicoplo hero who have been so kind to me. And with love and kind regards to old Sludge, I remain, your airectionute brother, J. JIukstehs. The letter was elated from a hospital iu Lis bon a few days back, and as tho rector returned it to Joo, he Faid almost solemnly: ' So God |has spared poor Juok'slifn, then — well, I am glad, I am glad!' And he turned away his head. And ho was glad — how could lie but be glad that the bright young faco ho remembered since Jack was a boy had not gone down amid tho cruel sea ! But Lucy ? The rector's heart was strangely disturbed withiu him, thinking what it was now right to do. But ono day ofl! her wedding day ! And yet not to tell her— that her friend, her lover, whom bho had so passionately mourned — still lived ! Tho rector, in truth, could not decido. Ho looked at Joe, and iisked again for tho letter. 'Mnylshow it to JUrs. King?' he said, and Joo nodded his head and Bat disconsolately down, feeling as if ho had been defrauded of tho goods and chattels whoso poBtession had been bo pleasant to him. His eyes happened to fall on tho sleevo of his black coat, and a sickly grin distortod his lips. All tho expense ho had gono to for nothing ! Ho had ordered a tombstone, and it was coming home this week ; if poor Jack's ghost had ar rived instead of his letter, it could not havo created more consternation in tho heurt of Joo ! In the meanwhile Mr. King had gono to his wife's bedroom, where ho found her on hor knees arranging some finery in a trunk in tho expectation of her journey next day. Sho look up and smiled as her husband went in. ' I hopo our now son-in-law will admire my bonnet,' she said ; '? I expect Louisa will Bay my whole dress is too juvenilo — hut what matter, we need not to be eo afraid of Louisa now ! ' ' Felicia,' began tho rector, almost in af alter ing voice, 'the strangest thing haB happened.' 'What has happened?' asked Mrs. King, sharply, still on her knees. ' Joe Ministers has had a letter — a letter from Jack himself — Jack is alive, and ia in a hospital at Lisbon.' Mis. King sprang to her feet, and her com plexion suddenly faded. 'No! 'she cried, grasping hor husband's arm; 'I can't believe it — I don't believe it — this is just somo mistake, like the other.' 'This is no mistake, hero is the letter ; read it yourself.' Then Mrs. King read the letter, and as sho did so knew there could ho no mistake this time. 'Jack Muusters was alive, and she now also thought of Lucy.. ... 'And Luoy ?' asked tho rector, with a falter ing tongue. 'Lucy! What has Luoy to do with it?' quickly answered Mrs. King, and her colour swiftly flushed back into her cheeks. 'Luoy is to. bo married the day after to-morrow— what is this young man now to her!1' ? ' We know what ho once was — the question is, should she be told f' . 'Certainly not, James, most certainly not ! What ? Toll her the vory day before hor marriage, and unsettle hor for no purpose ? It would bo madness to do bo — you must seo it would bo madness !' ,???;...? 'I cuu't make up my mind,' said tho reotor, with a reBtleES , sigh ; ' Lucy was, no doubt, very fond of poor Jaok?'.' ' Yet she could accept another; man* five or fix weeks after his supposed death? This dobs' not look like very devoted lovo, does it ? No, luoy, like tho rest of girls, wan ploased.to havo a lover, and young Munsters was next door. James, do not breathe a word of this to anyone until after the wnrriago, at least !' . 'Itmuy lead to mischief,' said the rector, uneasily. ' What misehief can it lead, toP, Without behaving most dishonourably, Luoy ,opuld not break off with Sir William Harley now. .Just think of the disgrace, theBoandal, if, she attempted to, do such a thing. I am certain Louisa -would novor speak to any ;of us.agaiu if sho even attempted, it; and don't; forgot what we owe Louifa, and all tho debts and troubles, James, that Luoy's marriage I hoped would end.' ;,.?: ., ,?',., ? .????.,? -,- 'My dear, it is' a good marriage for.hor — hut still ? ' ?..'-? 'And young' Munsters's .was. a shooking marriage, even at the best I' interrupted Mrs. King, eagerly. 'And, James, don't forget she wua not engaged to him— there waa really nothing between them but, a, foolish flirtation, which I hoped, the sea had ended, and. I/wish it iHld'!' ?-??-'?? -K'V..... ,.,„.,.!.?. :?: 'Don't say that, Folibia, we must bo glad the youngjinanfs .life , is, spared ; and I liked Jaok. It was strange,', certainly ;: and not like vory deep love, as you Bay,;her forgetting him bo eonn.' ? ? 'My dear, Luoy likes the world, and ad miration, and pleasure, a great deal better than sho ever liked Jaok Munsters. Sho mado a ridiculous fuBS when ho was supposed to havo died, butlltnew veryfwell, and Louisa knew very well, that if onco sho were thrown into socioty again, her supposed lovo for this young man would soon bo forgotten. Nay, I am certain, JamcB, she would not thank you for telling her the day before her wedding, day that hor old lover was still alivo. Sho might think it neceseary to Bhed a few tears, and Luoy would not care to appear with red eyes and a dis figured face.' ' Well, perhaps you aro right— it mij?ht un settle her— it might bo unjust to Sir William Harloy ; eho has chosen him of her own accord ; no ono forced her into it.' ' Certainly no one forced her into it. Louisa says Bho is quite delighted, quite radiant. My dear, do tako my advice about this, don't dis turb and distress tho poor girl tho day boforo her wedding-day;.' The reotor hesitated a moment or two longer, and then decided not to tell Lucy. 'As you say, it would muko suoh a tre mendous fuss,' he said, ' and jour sistor would never forgivo na if Lucy broke off tho match — but I don't think she would do that ?'. 'lam Buro sho would not, and it would only make evoryone uncomfortablo for nothing to tell hor this wonderful story. When she is Lady Harloy she will receive the news quite coolly, you will see.' , The rector Buid nothing more. Ho wont downstairs again, and found Jce thinking of tho hundred pounds of poor Jack's money which he would he forced to send him, but whioh some how seemed to Joo as if it wero abstracted from his own pocket. ' Will you go to Lisbon for him, Jco ?' now atked tho rector. ' No,'- said Joe, slowly, ' it would only in crease the oxpense, and what good will it do ? I will write.' ' Yep. And Joe,' hesitated tho roctor. ' I wouldn't tell him any nows that would bo likely to disturb him, you kuoiv; best not mention Lucy's wedding, I think ; but givo our kindest regards to him, and Bay how pleased wo shall all bo to Eee him again.' ' Yes,' faid Joe, and ho stared at the rector blankly. Ho had hud no intention of montionin-r Lucy's wedding ; had in fact forgotten all about it in tho overpowering shock of losing possession of the lands of Lee. And after ho was gono tho rector tried to f-cttlo again to his work, but it wns with an uneasy mind. MrB. King alco folt greatly dis turbed at the unfortunate renppoaranca of Jack Munsters. But tho husband and wifo did not speak of it any more. They avoided the subject in fact, and started on their journey to town on the following morning, aliko thinkimr of it, but in silence. Still the rector thought his wife's advice had been right when ho eaw Lucy. They arrived at Mrc Cranloy-Forbes's house at Queen's Gate, about half-past 7 o'clock, and Luoy, dressed for dinner in her pretty whito gown, ran down tho broad staircase io receive hor father and mother, and though she kissed her mother first, she lingered longest in herfather's arms. ' Well,' said the roctor rather huskily, for ho was not a littlo agitated, ' lot mo look at you, my dailing.' And he held hevatfttlo away from him and looked iu her fair face. There wero no apparent signs thoro of grief or regret. 'Sho is a lovely woman,' hor father thought : ' and I hope aud trust we aro acting for the best.' And it did seem indeed too late to spoak to the girl now of her old lover. Luoy slio.ved them all tho valuable wedding presents sho had recoived and her trousseau, and said with somo of her old sauciness : ' My now stepson called on mo yesterday — a fine -grown young man of 20 !' There was something hollow and mocking in her laugh, her father noticed, as sho said this, and indeed in her whole manner. Aud when tho rector saw Sir William Harloy, somehow it did not make him feel more content regarding his daughter's future happiness. Sir William arrived to dine at Queen's Gate at half- past 8 o'clock, and be introduced to tho parents of his bride. And tho great disparity between their ages struck tho rector with uu pleutant force. But Sir William was apparently quito uncon scious of this. At once tho rector's shrowd, humorous brown eyes perceived on what ox celleut terms with himself his f uturo son-in-law evidently wus. ' I havo much pleasure in making your ac quaintance,' ho said, shaking Mr. King's hand ; 'and, ah — Mrs. King's. You seo Lucy and I wero determined not to delay our happi ness. Wo did not believe with Pope. Mr. King— ah— of course, you know tho quota tion — Love, free ns air, at sight of human ties Spreads its light wings, and iu it moment flies. No— ah — human ties should consolidate love, in my opinion, and I bcliavu it is so.' 'We must hopo so, at all events,' smiled the reotor a littlo grimly. 'What does the bride say?' asked her mother, with playfulness. ' Tho bride declines to discuss the subject,' said Luoy. 'Hero is Aunt Louisa at last. You good paople' — and she looked at hor father and mother — ' must be dying of hunger, 1 nm sure ?'* [To ic continual.) 