SLE APOTHEOSIS OF AN 1 ART CRITIC. J (FROM " TRUTH.") pnticman, ill a debtor's prison; for jjoor Join committals to Holloway Gaoi . . . ,vas always hard itjH always tdi; lo'itcd by duns, always in dread of bailiffs. .body called him Johnny. He was *'veIV *f man whom his friends slapped !!,f 5 Mv on the back or dug playfully in the i"lcIU - inopportvmo moments. Practical if'5 a ise,l to hide his. hat and. coat at the j'-'TVhev were so greasy and ancient that ? Z impossible to niake a^mistake-and it Ms. . A0 wander home to Camden Town, !»v? ' j.,,1 and scantily clad,, at three or l<ir clock in tlio morning ; when lie fell I ;u ;m armchair after dinner, and ;,i the repose of the weary or of the move frequently the latter, I ? to say-his boon companions would ?nelC" l,Is face with a cork, or draw large H' wi.'tuvs Oil his clotlies with a piece of ] *i Ik Inched from tlio billiard-roonl. i ? mv Shimon was a literary hack, an oufc 'ibJws Fleet-street scribblci\ Who VvrUUi st1i « lwn lie was sober tt'ncl respectably , vlien he was drunk. Had he lived in I T'hvs ot Captain Sliandon, he would have Irrittoii most of his articles, lUce that worthy jcntlcif Johnny tioHtci is euphemistically termed contempt ',,urt lie could turn liis hand to pretty 'IC|v anything in the literary line ; he c jr,f write sporting articles, City articles, rt .-itici-iins. political manifestoes, i>aragraphs I i Jlie score: he frequently wrote sernions, h'-ii lie solt' to stnP^ country parsons at t > 4illinsrs a-piece. He reviewed books ' "tc ,j manner of subjects, from Roniali l"-'monts to Savouries :U\d Sweets; lie , 1Jknock "ft'"vers de societe," and was f-hii nu'.'Ui? a novice at rhvnVed acrostics. | \ JJ'ctill.Johnny did not prosper ; what he ? nmoil "»c (,!,y ho spenfc fche next' an(i be!l'fi ..0,1 ,vjth a wife and three children, he j existence a very hard struggle. ' y"r,sfast as 'le a good berth he lost it. y'iiiofi {onJit W of him, except as an ' contributorthey said that he relied on ; often lie had missed . t'aVrawrsliip through this deplorable j veiitai®- nlight 6yeh have attained i,) the ilLnity of an editorial chair ; but no i K]15j],!e proprietor would entrust his paper j t" the i'h.irce of a man who on press night j eto /ring half-drunk, half-asleep, in the 5i!ii)kiiig-room of the Cherokee. Club, itiih his face blackencd alld his clothes s,l..nied with hieroglyphics in white chalk. The o:ie post, however, which Jonny con irireJ to lmld for a good number of years j i.is tint of art critic to the 'Tubtliumper.' fiie .Tubthiimper' was not a lively journal; j r. hul a very limited circulation, and the uiotmt of cash which Johnny received for | particles was small. But it was eminently ?ijuvt.-iWe, and his articles signed i M'jrbiiloz/.a" had appeared for so many j ran that the signature acquired a certain Veiu'ht in the artistic world. Mr. Shannon j wild have, been grievously hurt had his c ?ntiectiou with the ' Tubtliumper,' com pmtively unprofitable as it was, been I ibrapth- cut short. j Xow, although the' Tubtliumper" had but; i small following among the public, artists, prsinne reason or another, valued its good! opinion. So, in artistic circles, Johnny was i welcome guest. At studio-views, when the j i .! euiph iyed his wife and daughterS iciolioily else's wife and daughters, if his fliwK nut sufficiently attractive-to flirt rl:h the art critics, and ply them with tea mutiiiis, he generally gave Johnny v.muiii a still' brandy-and-soda in his own '.:i'-'tmn, and not seldom pressed upon him I .' ;?..irting a small souvenir in the shape of a ctwing or study which he could not induce I . - dealer to purehase. It was a mere act of I "iky. of course, and to do Johnny justice valued the drink more than the skotcli. viil, he could not very well abuse the man i: an artist, whose hospitality had been so i .'ejit ible, and thus it came to pass that Mr. union's notices were generally favourable, hk) happened that he had quite a collection 1 .drawings, studies, and sketches presented j t'iim at various times by genial artists who jessed the right of appending to their ] tines the magic letters R.B.A.,R,W.S., EI.A.R.A., or even R.A. Pings were very bad in the Camden I 1 .in'Household. The bills waxed larger and hr:?r as Johnny's credit waned. Mrs. :inii"U wanted sea-air, Johnny junior was an with measles, and the baby threatened I'wjiiug-cougU. Mr. Shannon himself was hi',' badly ; he had lost the countenance of J ? end editors lately. The " Tubtliumper," is true, lemaincd faithful, hut the " Tub .iraper paid little, and that at irregular -torvals. It was a black look-out. "What the deuce is to be done?" said 'imny, hopelessly, to the ivifo of his '??ViM. "$??11 those absurd drawings of yours," invested, in ft querulous tone. She had :--na pretty woman, but care had made her i ami angular, and had turned her voice ?'51 and her hair prematurely grey. " Hang it all, Hester ! I can't sell ! y-fliK' Why not! You sold my watch." Tiietu was silence, and a sudden ray of ili um lit up the cheerless, shabby room, fifing the threadbare carpet, the rickety b. and the white chalk-marks ?ti Shannon's seedy clothes. Through a ' ? j^itition he could hear a child whimn; -'.?Sileep. "V.sfiums mean, butl'll do it," he replied. '.nvcious hard I can't get a decent k"- "hen one thinks of the idiots who '::r miles of stuff and arc well paid." '-i the next morning he sallied forth, ?'??I with a good bundle of studies, :'iies, "bits," and so forth, the gifts of ?'.ful or hopeful artists. Johnny was ashamed of his task. The creators of '?ij things had been so polite, so genial, it like parting with old friends. But they .: so valuable-of course they were! Three kes of a brush by Sir Thomas Lofty, Mr. vljer, Mr. Sandanfar, or Mr. Allbones worth money. It was cruel to sell a. but he had no doubt of the result. Well, dear, have you sold them ?" said !. Shannon, anxiously, when he regained humble roof. ier lord's step, I regret to say, was un '5v and his voice was slightly husky. He ?ncated a parcel from the pocket of his ??'.''j'tt with difficulty, and threw it on the ?f with an oath. 'Suld them ! No ! They're not worth a ;. 1 sli.)wed them to ICleingeben, and he \- that they would be dear at a fiver for the "But -lohnny, dear, I thought they were "h hundreds !" she faltered. "1 didn't!" he sneered. " Old Klein told *hat they might be of value to the artists, ? ''Jit; it would be worth their while to keep :;ai out <if the market. But no dealer in ; senses would look at such rubbish, unless . painter happened to die suddenly. If I to murder a few of these chaps their " 'dies wight fetch good prices." Don't talk so dreadfully, dear." Talk I" ho criecl, excitedly. "Talk'snot good; but what, in Heaven's name, are .?t" do ? I've a good mind to hang myself. 1,1.and tlio kids would get on better without . After that night Johnny was seen no more ;? "is accustomed haunts. The Chorokecs ;'!Tiiled that he had '"gone on the booze' an unusually prolonged period, his edi :r' grumbled and swore, and, finally, .?'I'lwl over his work to other men. At the of a weuk a pale, tearful woman applied j'M'jiicD magistrate to give publicity to the tint her husband, John Shannon, had ;,\'-"i'iously disappeared. The magistrate , '' fi r ''vuss ki"dly promised to assist her t!,i lii'1" him, and the disappearance of tTi'Shannon, art critic and literary drudge, »j'sedily made public. "Drunk, and . " ilea into the river," said one charitablc "Bolted to escape duns," said aer; " puol. devii t v,-finder what has be 5 him ?" queried a few-a very few. ?vtee weeks the mystery was solved, for a 'K was picked up in the Thames which univei-sally declared to bo that of the ^uuriv'di3t. And then suddenly his ' 3 seemed to discover the '.V®y bad sustained, or perhaps il(l 1 r.n0^ care ^,e'r drudge ue buried in a pauper's grave: what -relr?re ^le'r mo';ivesi they subscribed a b'l or so apiece, and poor Johnny had '''iUiy|1«1^)CCkl^'e ^unera' lvcnsal- grcen. tlinf"}6!50 suddenly occurred to ? uuy '1;1d left a widow and three .jtiJn 0 were in imminent danger of This'' Ira TiiVii!3 moa'1 utipleasant," mused he of -'in mUm^ei'' "^Vc shall have the Ip1'* money" Ufc ^le °®co wanting to bor nething ought to be done," said the editor of tlie "Daily Driveller, in a burst of I enthusiasm. ' , " Thon perhaps you will do it," remarked the chief of the " Weekly Reviler." " Let's ask Blatherum was the universal decision. NowBlathoium was the art critic of the " Parthenon, which, as everybody knows, a very influential and superior journal in deed. .Blatherum wrote learnedly about "values," "tonality" "colouration," "in finity of aim," " opulence of line," "rhyth mic force," and "balance of inipasto." And as nobody understood what he meant; he was generally accepted as a very great authority. , " Well," said Mr. Blatherum, " if anything has to be done-and of course .it is yerj* un pleasant that Shannon's faiflily should have to go into the workhouse-the thing is an art exhibition." \- " What do you mean ?n said the "Tub thumbor. " Merely this, it would bo a great thing to exhibit tile devotion of editors to members of Hn?ir stafT; it Would be a great thing to show that artists are fond of really honest, straight forward art criticism-such as our late friend's of course ! The dealers would be glad to liolp for the samo reason." , " It's a great idea I" said the Bovilor, 11 Who'A to j Work it ?" queried the more iir^cticai lubtiiuniboi'. . .... "You leave it to me," said Mr. BlatHerurii, " and I'll work the artists and the dealers; we'll get sketches from all sorts of swells, and press notices by the score. Oh, it will be a big thing!" " Dessay you'll make it worth your while," | gaowled the chief of the " Daily Driveller," Mr. Blatherum was as good as his word. Of course, his first task was to visit Mrs. Shannon. He found that lady melancholy, but apparently resigned: ' It's very sad to break up our home," she said, " but there must be a sale. The sketches; a 1 of tliein presents, which* poor Johnny valued so highly, must .be sold at Christie's." " Nothing of the kind, my dear madam !" ejaculated Blatherum ;" they must be sent to the Benefit Art Exhibition for sale there." And he i-epresented to her in such a con vincing matter the commercial aspects of the enterprise, that she gladly fell in with his wishes. Blatherum had but litle difficulty with the artists. 1 Look here, my boy," he said to Sir Thomas Lofty, "you remember that skotch you gave to poor old Shannon i' "Dless<ktifi do!" replied Sir Thomas. "Believe I gave him something-li'm, think it was rather a promising nude by one of my pupils-Miss Arabella Skumble-daughter of old Skumble-most charming girl." "But you signed it, you know." " Dear me, dear me, so I did ! Fact is I drew most of it, put in the foreshortening of the left leg. Well ?" "Shannon's dead, you.see." Mrsi Shannon is very hard up; she's gCiiig to seii all the sketches Auction. Thought you would scarcely like that; fact is we are getting up a little exhibition for the benefit of Mrs. S. and the kids. If you will contribute a sketch, the other thing can go in ; otherwise it will be sold at Christie's, People may say it isn't yours. See." In private life Mr. Blatherum talked quite like an ordinary human being,andSirThomas understood the situation in a surprisingly short space of time. " Ah,yes! Benefit for a deceased art-critic -pictures contributed by eminent 11. A'^. great attraction." "Quite so," said Mr. Blatherum think you have a sketch handy which you might give away for such a noble object." Sir Thomas had, and so had a good many other artists whom the astute art- critic visited. " Nothing like establishing a pre cedent," he said to himself, after a dozen or more, interviews: 1 Now if I get laid up they'll have to arrange a benefit show for me. If they don't, begad, won't I let them have it. when I get well! Really, Shannon did quite the right thing when he fell into the Thames." As for the dealers, there was even less difficulty with them. The generosity of dealers is proverbial, and all the big men gave valuable pictures-which had been left on their hands unsaleable for years: So the Shannon Benefit Fund was orga nised. The cash subscriptions wore few,and they were not large in amount, fortlieycame from men who were almost as hard up as poor Johnny himself had been, but the num ber of pictures which the commiitee received was quite surprising, and when Mrs. Shan non's small collection was thrown in itbecame necessary to hire a large gallery wherein to exhibit and sell tlieuu Tile gallery pro prietor lethisroonls foranominalsum- which was truly liberal, as at that period of the year there was absolutely no demand for it,and,of course, his generosity was duly chronicled in the catalogue and in the newspapers. The Benefit Exhibition was a great success; there were pictures by R.A.'s which they would have been ashamed to hang up in their own kitchens ; there were works by outsiders, which would have been rejected even at the Academy ; there were pieces of sculpture too terrible for words. But the works of artwere gifts, so their purely disinterested donors Wcro lauded to the skies by wily critics, who thought that some day their own turn might come, and the good-natured public bought the rubbish at twenty times its value, just as people pay at a bazaar half a guinea for pair of mittens which would be dear at six pence. The committee were soon enabled to hand over to Mrs. Shannon £800 on account. She was sent to Margate with the two younger children, while the eldest boy was depatched to a boarding-school. Six months had passed since Shannon's disappearance ; the grass was green on his grave, and the Exhibition was on the point of closing, nearly everything having been sold, for such pictures as the public could not be induced to purchase were bought in by the judicious artists themselves. Mr. Blatherum, the indefatigable secretary, was seated at a bible in the gallery, writing an article for the " Parthenon," for business was slack. There was no one else in the room but a tall man in a grey overcoat, with a big muffler round his throat, of whom Mr. Blatherum took no notice, for he did not look like a purchaser. It was getting dusk, close' upon seven o'clock-closing time- and the art critic began to put his papers together wi^li a view of going home. Meanwhile, the man with the muffler was walking round the gallery examining the pictures with much interest, and now and then giving vent to a subdued chuckle. The first time that the sound broke the stillness Mr. Blatherum paid no attention to it, but when it had been repeated three or four times he began to get annoyed. " Confound the fellow's impudence !" he thought; "what the deuce does he find to laugh at 1" And then he uttered a loud "Hem!" with a view ] of recalling the stranger to a sense of propriety. But the man with the. muffler paid no heed ; he was engrossed with his task. He paused before one of Sir Thomas Lofty's contributions, and sniggered audibly; he passed on to a great work by Dawber, R.A., and laughed in open derision. " Good Lord !" murmured Mr. Blatherum, ' perhaps lie's an escaped lunatic ! I'd better call the commissionaire. What on earth is he going to do now ?" . The1 man with the muffler had discovered a bust of the late John Shannon, Esq., by a risin" young sculptor, Mr. Thomas Trowel, to wit. ° It seemed to fascinate him ; he looked at it from every point of view, chuckling all the while, and finally, as if to enjoy his mysterious joke the better, ho sat down in front of it on a convenient chair, put his , hands on his knees, and rocked himself to I and fro in an ecstasy of merriment. Mr. Blatherum's curiosity overcome his fe:;VSHc>s talking to himself. I must hoar what he's saying !" And ho rose and stealthily approached the stranger on tiptoe. " Oh this is too much !" gasped that profane' person. "Tommy Trowel as a sculptor ! I owed him ten pounds; blessed if I ever pay him now. Sonic llafc has bought this thing for ho never sold a bust before in his life .Ha . ha . ; li.i . . . and he fairly roared. There was something in the tone of his voice which made Mi. Blatherum start violently The stranger turned at the noise, met Mr. BLithei um s eve, and at once exclaimed Why, Blatherum, old chap, how are Bub the art-critic's jaw fell, his face pw inle and with a howl of terror he turned to &r; his life. The deceased Mr Snaimon trrisned him firmly by the coat-tails. g "DonIbe a fool! I'm not a ghost! T, , ycry much alive ! Better than KSSwV&r; fom" man; " then what'the devil have you been doing ?" j " I had an accident," said Mr. ShanriOll, I "mightybadaccident. I'veboeninthe hospital for months with some infernal fever. Justout." " But why didn't you write or do some thing 1 It's really most inopportune your turning up like this, you know !" "Couldn't, my dear boy; was off my head, raving ; never o\'en saw a newspaper till yestorday. Didn't know anything about this show till to-day, when I went home arid found.they'd sent away the missus and the kids. Came on here at once,' and my stjirs, isn't it just a treat !" . Precious lucky treat for you,!" said Mr. Blatherihri; h'y lio uierins iriolifie'd; " For goodness' sake, don't think I'ni un grateful !" protested Mr. Shannon : " but-1 really couldn't help smiling a bit! You won't tell any one now, will you ? I thought that I was alono." ' And, on reflection. Mr. Blatherum con cluded thathe wouldn t ; " For," he said to himself, " nobody'» any the worse. The artists have gob a thumping good advertise ment, jand everybody concerned is covered with glory. And the great thing, after all, is that we've managed to establish the pre cedent I' . . ,Tlie: following was the sort of paragraph wliiclt; Shortly went the round of tlie papers :- ' ? . ,, . ." MR. JOHN SHANNON.-ExTRAORDfNXj^ REAPPEARANCE,-The numerous friends of Mr. J. Shannon will be no less surprised than delighted to hear that he ia alive and well, and that he returned to- London two days ago in total ignorance of the facts that he had been mourned for as dead, and that the body of ii man ilnkyown, had bsei} buried under his uame at Kenstvl-green Mr; Slianrion, it appears, went to .Portsmouth oil business on the night of his disappearance, and accident ally fell into the harbour. He was rescued, but the shock and exposure, coupled with severe injuries to his head, brought on an attack of brain fever and other complications. Mr. ; Shannon was taken to a well-known hospital in that town, and for months hovered between life and death, being en« tirely unable to give any account o£ himself, or even to reveal his identity. Mr. Shannon is now restored to health, and is deeply grateful for the efforts made by so many kind friends to assist his wife and ckildrcn- efforts which' spoak volumes for tlie ldndly relatiUils dxlstilig be tween artists and art critics. We hear that a complimentary dinner will shortly be given to Mr. Shannon at the Cherokee Club, and we are glad to be able to state on the best authority that lie lias accepted a permanent post on the staff of a distinguished contem porary journal. The latter statement, at all events, was true; arid. Mr. Sliaiirioii's merits were at last appreciated. "Isay, Blatherum," remarked Mr. Chitter, artcritic ofthe "Daily Driveller," tohisfriend; one day, "what the deuce did Shannon really': do with himself while he was away V " He was in the hospital at Portsmouth," replied Mr. Blatherum, solemnly ; brain-, fever." " Oh, jes ; of course ; but I suppose you noticed thathe counsy-courted the " Hyde Park Review" last week, and recovered twenty guineas for some articles he wrote on the Paris Salon 1" - .' Yes, I saw that ; the H.P.Ri never pays its contributors without an action.'' . " But how the deuce could he have written about the Salon if he had brairi fever at Portsmouth 1' persisted Mr. Chitter. " I believe he was in Paris all the time !" " It's easy enough to write about the Salon without going to Paris," replied Mr. Blatherum, sententiously. "I don't know where Shannon went; but he is a very clever man." 