BROAD B KIM'S NEW YORK LETTEE, Gently and tenderly, last week, loving bands bore to his last resting place on earth all that was mortal of Father Jolin Drutu goole, the founder of the mission of the Im maculate Conception for poor bojs, on La fayette place, in this city. He was only an humble priest; but in the long list of saints which adorn tbe calends of the Church of Borne, from St. Peter to Pius, not one wor thier of canonization can be found than John Drumgoole. Not among the rich and the great did this priest's mission lie ; but among the wretched waifs, by man forsaken, whom the priest and tbe Levite passed by ; the in heritors of sin and crime, the children of the lost. K*o apparent glory here ; none of the world's applause; no money nor fine clothes ; nothing but the master's approval of his work, for that lie lived and died. It is over twenty years since lie marked out the bounds of his mission. The old cathedral on Prince erreet, where Bishop Dubois and Bishop Hughes labored for many years, is in the centre of a crime-infested neighborhood, where sin grows tall and rank by the wayside. On the south the Five Points stretches its tentacles, slimy and dark, up Mott street, filled with Chinese vagabonds, Italian lazaroni and brigands, rag pickers and opium joints ; Crosby and Eliza beth streets, full of beggars, swindlers and thieves; on the north and east, Bleeeker. Houston, Bond, Sullivan aud numerous o'. her streets of minor importance, reeking with all sorts of infamy. Bond-street, the paradise of swindlers, and Houston- street, the tramping j ground of pickpockets and thieves. This neighborhood swarms with thousands of rag ged unkempt arabs of both sexes, who were born in sin, who never heard heard the name of Christ or God, except when uttered by pro fane hps; who, while still of tender a^e drank and swore and gambled and stole, aud' who looked with pride and hope towards the day when they might earn a commitment to the penitentiary or perhaps crown a life of shame with the glory of standing beneath the gallows. Bather an unpromising field this, but it was here John Drumgoole began his work. The young priest came to Bishop McCloskey, his face beaming with hope, and told his story, and the good bishop gave him his blessing and sent him forth without stuff or scrip. In a few days in a little room down i in the lowest portion of the slums he had I gathered six little boys. It was a poor, wretched, gloomy place, but from that little' grain of mustard seed sprang the Mission of the Immaculate Conception, one of the most mag!;: iiaent-supported institutions of charity to be found on the American continent. Those six poor, ragged, starring, unkempt waifs increased and multiplied till they became an army of thousands, well-fed, well-clad, well housed and well-educated happy boys, safely launched in life, with a fair liooe of winning wealth and fame. Had it not been for Father Drumgoole nine out of ten of them would have been candidates for the penitentiary or the gallows. Thousands of boys have gone out from this institutiou since its foundation whose lives in the future will lead up to honor and distinction, and these will be the witnesses of Father Drumgoole and his work. He lived to see the frution oi his holy mission and to earn that reward, prized by good Catholics above all others, the Papal blessing. Quiet, unostentatious, humble, trustful, hope ful, he lay peacefully down to rest, 'and to reap his rich reward. It was a lesson not. to be forgotten to see the room iu a stately man sion where John Drumgoole lived and died. Through his hands passed millions, but it all went to the poor and needv ; of himself he never thought. The furniture of his humble apartment was of the plainest and cheapest kind, but plain as it was, it was sufficient for all his wants. When the time came to answer his Master's call, there was no doubt, no fear no faltering ; calmly, peacefully, trustfully,' his face radiant with hope and faith, his spirit winged its flight to heaven. It is customary to rear monuments to men who have distinguished themselves amontr their fellows; but so long as one brick remains above another in the House of the Immaculate Conception, aud so long as poor homeless waiTs are gathered into its sheltering care, Father John Drumgoole will need no nobler monu ment. A sensation of the week has been the re markable association discovered between Lu ther Marsh, one of our most eminent and wealthy lawyers, and a female adventuress, calling herself Madame Diss Debarr. What' can we say, and what ran we do? Mme. Diss Debarr, who claims to be a genuine Countess professes the ability to paint spirit pictures. She takes a plain piece of canvas, holds it over your head, and before you can say Jack, much less ILobiiison, she will give yon a por trait of any one from Julius Caesar to John L. I Sullivan. You say you don't believe it. I What of it ? Mr. Marsh says he has got one hundred of the piciures; that he saw them i malerialize, and as an evidence of his faith in j the lady's ability to raise the spirits, he has ^ deeded her his magnificent house on Lexington avenue, and everything in it. ? What can one say when a witness like this j stands up ready to swear that all he says is ! true ? Madam Diss Debarr professes to be j the daughter of Lola Montez and the King of I Bavaria. The public may look for a startling revelation in regard to this matter, which will prove a nochttriste to Madam Diss Debarr and a petard to Mr. M arsh. A shocking climax to a double life culmin ated in murder last week, whieh has involved three persons in ruin. The wife will go down broken-hearted to the grave, the brother may end his days in prison, and the husband is in his grave-assassinated by his wife's brother, in Brooklyn lived a gentleman and his sister ntiine of Green, both persons of coin fortable fortune. From the time of their mother's death the sister kept house for her brother, and as their means were ample their lives were peaceful and happy. ISear by was a neighbour of the name of Goldenkirch, a handsome young fellow 6f about twenty-four. He was a frequent visitor at the Green man sion, but as there was a wide disparity between Mi'^s Green's age and his own, she being forty and he twenty-four, nothing was thought of it at first. At length the brother grew jealous, and thought there was something wrong be tween the visitor and his sister, and eventually forbad him the house; but this made no differeii^e to Goldenkirch or the sister. Last week Mr. Goldenkirch called at the Green mansion, and was met at the door by Mr. Green, who forbad him uv enter. Goldenkirch pushed him on one side, and Green shot him dead on the spot. It then appeared tint Miss Green and Mr Goldenkirch had been married for five years. He had concealed the fact of his marriage from his family, and she had never mentioned it to her brother though in daily intercourse with him during the whole period of her married life. The fatal secret appears to have been dearly paid for, especially as there appears to have been no particular reason why the marriage should not iiave been made public. The murdered man was upright, honest and industrious, and the lady of ample fortune, forty years of age, and accoun'able to no one far her actions. The murderer is in jail awaiting trial, and the stricken wife now hovers between life and death. Old Jobn Maguire, who fell dead at the Anti-Poverty meeting three weeks ago, was refused Christian burial on the ground (hat he was a heretic and a follower of Dr. McGlynn. They took old John to Greenwood, but he does not feel comfortable in the society of a lot of heretic Protestants, and he wants to hare his four bones dug up and pvopei ly in terred in consecrated ground where he can rest in peace. The aid of the courts has been invoked, and Archbishop Corrigan and the Trustees of Calvary Cemetery have been made defendants. The ghost of old John Maguire may make it iv" fop his Reverence here, but. the Archbishop has got old John in a mighty tight place, and he may put him in a hole where it will require a half-dozen Salvation Armies to get him out. A fanny case was that of Gilson Rhienhnrt, for twenty years a pilot on Fulton Ferry. Every morning as Rhinehart got off bis boat he stepped over to an adjoining wharf and stole six bricks. Now sis bricks do not amount to much, but Pilot Rhinehart had done this every morning for many years, go, being proven a tbief, the Ferry Company dis charged hiui. He had been living with a couely widow as his wife for over 20 years. Two weeks ago he was taken crazy, and acted so wildly that his wife ran out of the house. Officers were sent for, and the doctors ex amined him and committed him to the lunstic asylum. Among the other testa, they pat a bottle of assafaeditse under his nose, and that restored him to reason. It then appeared that his madness was assumed for the purpose of the woman he was living with, and who wag not hie wife, and aleo for the purpose of rein stating in his home his real wife whom he deserted for wife No. 2 twenty-three years ago. If the original Mrs. Rhinehart is satis fied, I suppose every one else ou£ht to be, but f it had been me, I would jbave spen him |to Luke's Hospital, and last week her ladyship doffed her widow's weeds for orange blossoms. And let us hope that with the honest mechanic that she has now chosen, she will be far happier than ever she was with the disgraced and dishonored scion of the noble house of Perth. There has been a great deal of romance and nonsence written abeut his lordly scapegrace, and while the English peerage may not be considered a first class school, either for morals or manners, it is questionable if anything as bad as . Lord Drummmond can be found from tiie Con queror down to the present time. He was not altogether responsible for this. The slock was bud ; his father was bad ; his mother not Jericho before I would have taken up 6uch a miserable, second- hand old thieving scalawag. The widow of Lord George Essex Pontifix Drumtnond, for whose love he sacrificed su earldom, did not wast much time in grief after bis death. It is scarcely six mouths since her lordly lover died, almost a pauper, in St. above reproach, and his grandfather, now almost ninety, in his younger days was the associate and friend of George the Fourth of unblessed memory ; when, as the first gentle men of England, be painted London town a bright vermilion night after night in company with prize fighters and bullies. Lord Drum mond ran away from home with a woman who was married last week, when he was between fifteen and sixteen years of age. He absolu tely knew nothing, he could hardly write his own name. It is seldom in America that one meets with such a case of benighted and besotted ignorance. When his rank became known, there were several persons who offered to help him to position, but his fatal ignor ance and his dissipated habits drove his friends from him one by one, till at last, abandoned by every one except his wife, he died in ex treme penury in a charity hospital. Easter Sundav opened like a benediction, all the more graciously prized after the terrors of our late experience. The churches were crowded, there seemed to be throughout the entire community a general spiritual awaken ing. And to show the value of early religious training-two Jews who were in the Brooklyn jail for theft, notified the jailor that they would like to have the means of atten-Jing to their religious duties during the feast of the Passover. A rabbi was notified, unleavened bread was brought in, and their consciences made easy the fulfillment of their religious duties. Moral; Bring a child up in the way he should go. 