' M R\ S I L V E S T E 22 ' S entertainment, : Bt Ophelia. The much advertised and long expected Ghost Illusion boomed forth on Thursday evening la6t. The bills have been asking per sistently " Have you' seen the Ghost ?" to which" f now reply, sadly " I have." I went and witnessed the awful soleinness, and ever since have had a pain in my mind, The entertainment commenced at a quarter to nine with a short overture. The piano was '"a grand one, the selection was otherwise. J"he curtain was raised on " Christmas Bells." Mr. Silvester's acting as Silas Hardinan was very' good, and his make- up faultless, but he evidently forgot the greater portion of his text, which considerably marred the per formance. Mr; A. Carson as Moses Jacobs was a splendid piece of character acting, liis dress adding considerably to its success, and by attention to a few details he ought to become a first-class amateur actor. Miss Rose Pengelly achieved a great success -as Milly, her excessive nervousness only mili tating against what would have been a splendidly played character. The appari dons were taken by Master Silvester, Mr. S. Earle, Miss R. Peuge-ly, Mr. F. Manders, and Miss M. Pengelly, who call for no spe cial comment, they merely appeared, did their busitieiss, and like well-behaved ghosts vanished. During this piece the curtain was lowered rather unceremoniously, but after a few minutes delay it was, again raised, and Xinas Bells went on merrily. After a weary- delay of fifteen minutes Mr. Silvester read the introductory lecture to the Burgomaster's Dreim, which Introduced us to Mr. Bellair as Matthias, but a few idiotic persons in the back seats almost spoiled' this scene, the ren dition of which was realistic, the different incidents being vividly portrayed, the inter est was sustained throughout, and when Matthias hears his sentence and knows he is a doomed man, he gives one shriek and ex pires. Mr. Bellair is a perfect elocntionist, and was awarded enthusiastic applause. An other weary interval and the curtain rose revealing " Rose," hut as soon as the lady commenced, the curtain fell with a crash, and the audience were kept in suspense once more ; another short interval and the com edy of the " Haunted House" was proceeded withi 'The characters in this farce ' were taken by Mr. Silvester, who was very suc cessful as an inebriated baker who has to spend the n:ght in a haunted room, keeping the audience in roars of laughter, and Miss Rose Pengelly who played the part of a servant girl very fairly well ; the appari tions were decidedly Uncertain as to who and what they were. The prompter's voice was ranch too audible to be pleasant, and tbis very important functionary had the lion's share of the work on his shoulders. The canvas and paint, tlift . properties and mechanism even the green curtain seemed to have entered into an unholy conspiracy with the ghosts, and refused to do wliat was right and proper in the sight of the long suffering and patient audience. The de lays . were even more irksome than rt the last entertainment. Mr. Silvester is himself a very . capable and a most versatile actor being as clever ; dramatically as he is in the mystic art of legardeinain, he has, however, an unhappy faculty for 44 long waits" which almost invariably militate against'his success. This weakness has been candidly and kindly pointed out to liiin in Geraldton more than once but so far to very little purpose. Geraldton audiences cannot be described as unappreciative, arid are ready enough to tnake allowances when circum stances merit them, and would be only too glad to attend Mr, Silvester's entertainments but for the shortcomings in matters of stage management to which I have referred. 