COLONEL QUARITCH, V.C. / A TALE OF COUNTRY. LIFE., by h, ridek TIAGGAED, Author of " King Solomon's Mines," a AllH qtjatkrmaln|" " .jess," " SlIS," Ac., Ac. Now First Published. . 5 AU Rights Reserved. CHAPTER XLL— Continued. . ' The gale was, if anything, fiercer than erfrr. Ineed, there hud been no eudh tempest in these parts for years, or rather centuries, as the condition of tho timber by 10 o'clock - that morning ntnply testified. u This here wind must be like that as the Squire tells us on in the time of King Charlea as blew tbe top of the church tower off on a Christmas night," shouted George, but Harold made no answer, und they fought their way on ward without epeaking auy moro for theft voices were almost inaudible. Once the Colonel stopped and pointed,, to the sky-line. Of all the row of tali poplars which he had seen beudiug liku whips before the wiud aa he caine aloug but ouu remained standing now, and aa he pointed that vanished also. Reaching tho summer-house in safety, they entered and tbe colonel shut and locked tho door behind them. The frail building 'was literally rocking iu the fury of the storm. "I Uopo the roof will hold." shouted Geqrge, but Harold took no heed. He was thinking of other things. They lit the lanterns, of which they now had three, aud tho Colonel slid down Into the great grave ho had so industriously-, dug, motioning to George to follow. This that/ worthy did, not without trepidation.. Then they both knelt and stared down through the hole < in the masonry, but the light of the lanterns wan not strong enough to enable them to make' out anything with clearness. 41 Well/' said George, falling back upon his . favorite expression m his amazement, a k he drew hia uightcapped head from the hole, "If tbat ain't a master one, I niver.w a maaterer, that's all. What be you agovtig to do now, Colonel ? Hev you a ladder here ?" " No," answered Harold, " I never thought of that ; but Ivc a good rone : I'll get it." Scrambling out of the hole ho presently re turned with a long coil of stout rope. It be longed to pome men who had been recently em ployed in cutting boughs off such of the oaks as needed attention. They undid the rope nnd let the end down to see how deep the pit was. When they felt that the end lay upon the floor they pulled it up. The depth from tbe hole to the bottom of the pit appeared to be about eixtaeu feet or a trifle moro. Harold took tbo iron crowbar, and having, made the rope fast to it fixed tho bar across the month of the aperture. Thou he doubted the rope, tied soaie knots in it and let it down into the pit, preparatory to climbing down it. But George was too quick for him. Forget ting his doubts as to the wisdom of groping . about Dead Man's Mount at night in the ardor;' of his burning curiosity, he took tbe dark lantern and holding it in his teeth passed his body through the hole in tbe masonry and cautiously Blid down, the rope. 44 Are you ull right ?" asked Harold in ,m voice tremulous with excitement, for was not his life's fortune trembling on the turn ? 44 Yes," answered George, in a doubtful voice, and Harold looking down could see that he was holding tho lantern above his head and staring at something very hard. Next moment a most awful howl of terrot echoed up through tbe pit, the lantern wa« dropped upon the ground and the rope com menced to be agitated with tbe utmost violence. , In another two seconds Georgo's red night cap appeared through the hole, followed by a face that was literally livid with terror. "Lot me up for Goad's sake," he gasped, 11 or he'll hev mo by the leg 1" 44 He I who ?" asked the Colonel, not without a thrill of superstitious fear — as he dragged tha panting man through the hole. But George would give no answer until ha was through the hole nnd out of the grave. Indeed, had it not been for tbe Colonel's eager entreaties, backed to Borne extent by actual force, be would have been out of the summer- house and half way down the mount by now. 44 What is it ?" roared the Colonel in the hola to George, who, shivering with terror wac standing on the edge thereof. 44 It's a blessed gbost; that's what it is. Colonel," answered George, keeping his eyes fixed upon tbe hole as though he momentarily expected to see the object of his fears emerge. 44 Nonsense," said Harold, doubtfully. 44 What rubbish you talk. What sort of a ghost ?" 14 A white 'un," said George; 44 all bones like." ."All bones?" answered the Colonel; "why it mast be a skeleton. 44 1 don't say that he ain't," was the answer j 44 but if he be, he's seven toot highj and sitting airing of hisself in a stone bath." 44 Oh, rubbish," said the Colonel. 44 How caa a skeleton sit and air himself? He would tumble to bits." 44 1 don't kaow, but there he is/ nnd they don't call (this place 4 Dead Man's. Mount lot nawthing." # 44 Well." aaid the Colonel, arguraentatively, 44 a skeleton is a perfectly harmless thing." ' 44 Yes, if bo's dead maybe, sir, but thia v one's alive, I saw him nod his head at me." " 44 Look hero George," answered Harold, feel ing tbat if this went on much longer he should lose his nerve altogether. 44 I'm not going to be scared. Great heavens, what a gust 1 "I'm sroinir down to oce for mvself." 44 Very good, Colonel," answered George, 44 and I'll wait here till yon come up again< that is if you iver du." Thrice did Harold look at the hole and thrice like false Sextus did be shrink back. 44 Come," ho shouted angrily, 44 don't be an infernal fool, get down here and hand me the lantern." George obeyed with evident trepida tion. Then Harold got through the hole and with many an inward tremor, for there is scarcely a man on the earth who is really free from supornatural fears, descended hand over hand. But in so doing he managed to let the lantern fall, and it went out. Now, as the reader will probably admit, this was exceedingly trying. It is not pleasant to bo left alone in the dark under ground in the company of an unknown44 spook/1 Ho had some matches, but what between fcai. and cold, it was some time before he could get a light. Down in this deep place the rush of tho great gale reached his ears like a faint and melancholy sighing, and he heard other tapping noises, too, or he thought he did, noise9 of a creepy and unpleasant nature Would the matches never light? The chill and death-like damp of the place struck to bis marrow and the cold sweat poured from hia brow. Ah ! at lust I He kept his eyes steadily fixed upon tho lantern till he had lit it and it was burning up brightly. Then by an effort he lifted his eyes ana looked around him, And this is what he saw. There three or four 'paces from him in the centre of the chamber of death sat or rather lay a figure of Death. It rocliued in a stone chest or coffin, like a man in a hip bath which is too small for him. The bony .arras hung down by either side, tbe bony limbs projecting towards him, the great white skull hung forward over tbe massive breastbone. It moved, too, of it self, and as it moved the jawbone tapped against the breast and the teeth clacked gently together. ... Terror seized him while be looked, and, at George had done he turned to fly. How could that thing move its head ? The head ought to fall off. Seizing tbe rope, he jerked it violently in tho first effort of mounting. 44 Hev he got yew, Colonel ? sung out George above, and the sound of a human voice brought him back to his senses. 44 No," he answered as boldly as he could, And then settiug his teeth, turned and tottered straight at tbe Horror in the cbcst. He was there now, and holding the lantern straight against the thing, examined it. It .was a skeleton of enormous size, aud the skull was fiexd to tho vertebra with a rusty wire. At this evidonce of the handiwork of man his fears almost vanished. Even in that company he could not help remembering that; ft is scarcely to be supposed that spiritual skele tons carry about fwire with which to tie on thoir skulls. I With a sigh of relief he held up the lantern and looked round. He was standing in a good- | sized vault or chamber, bnilt of rubble stone. " ( Some' of -this rubble had fallen in to bis Jeftj; ! but otherwise, though the workmanship showed that it must bo of extreme antiquity/ the,. atone lining was still strong and good. He looked upon the floor, and then for the first time per ceived that the nedding skeleton before him was not tho only one. All round lay lemnants of the mighty dead. There they were, stretched but in the form of a circle, of which the stone kist was the centre. I () One place in the circle was vacant; evicicnciy it naa once Decn occupied oy the 'giant frame which now sat within tho kist. Next he looked at tbe kist itself. It had ail tho appearance of one of those rude stone chests in which the very ancieut inhabitants of this islaud buried the ashes of their cremated dead. But, if this was ao, whence came the.uncremated skeletons?; At Buzigay. In Suffolk, there recently stood a mouud of tttmulu9, on which was built a wiudiulll. Some years ago tho windmill wns pulled down, and tho owner of the ground trlihiiig to build a house upon tho site, sec to work to curt away tho mound. III.-) astonishment .nay be oonccived when he found a great number of nkv'letons arranged in ulrclos. 'These skeleton# were of largo size, and a pcutloinau wbo saw them informed me that he measured one. It was over 7ft. higlu Tho 'bones were, uulmppliv. carted away nnd thrown into'a dyke. But no house has boon built upon the site of the resting place of thoso und 1 kuown warriors.— autuok. (To be Continued.) 