jmmmmi THE EDUCATION QUESTION. THE question of religious instruction in State schools was before the Church of England Assembly at a recent sitting The subject was intro- duced by the Rev. H. B. Macartney, who, as we are told, submitted a motion affirming the desirability of introducing into the State schools a volume contain ing selected passages of Scriptures, to be committed to memory from day to day by the scholars, without exposition or comment from the teachers. The mover urged that " the time hod arrived when the Church must awaken from its state of lethargy, and urge upon Parliament the necessity of permitting Scriptural lessons to be given in State schools." Whilst it seemed to us that, amongst Protestants generally, there was much indifference on the subject, we did not suspect that amongst any section of them there was actual lethargy from which they had <o be aroused. Upon that point we yield to so excellent an authority as this Anglican minister, and further agree with him that there is a necessity for a change in the system. It does not, however, follow that the particular change to which he points would meet the exist- ing necessity. Such a reform as he advocated would, the rev. gentleman said, " overcome the difficulty in regard to the State school teachers, because all they would be required to do would be to use the book of Scriptural quotations as a class-book. He was firmly, convinced that, owing to the absence of religious instruction in State schools, the scholars were weakened and stunted in intellect." We have our own opinion as to the value to be set on Scriptural quotations without note or comment; but, apurt from that, what sufficient authority would the Education Department have for such a radical innovation P It could not be made without the approval of Parliament, and, as it would stamp the system with Protestantism of the most decided character, it may be presumed that no fair-minded representative would consent to it before provisibn had been made for placing Catholics on an equal footing with other denominations. Judge Molesworth, in supporting the resolution, stated that "if the Protestant bodies throughout the colony became united on . the point, Parliament would not put a bar in the way," but we should like to know what authority his Honour had for saying any such thing. Unless some equivalent concession were made to Catholics, they would object to the change—and very strongly, too—and we do not believe that Parliament could be induced to overlook their objections and permit the Education Act to be so altered that it might, with a little dexterity on the part of teachers, be used for proselytising purposes. A change ot tne kind would be a serious aggravation of the grievance under which Catholics labour, for, if the Rev. Mr. Macartney's proposal were carried out, it would place Catholic parents in a very serious difficulty. They may not; under any circumstances, allow their children to receive a religious lesson from anyone not authorised by the Church to give it, and if the children declined to receive the lesson from unauthorised teachers they should absent themselves from the school at least whilst the lesson was being given. If the teacher gave the lesson in school hours as part, of the curriculum, the time j so occupied would be lost to the Catholic j children. There is even a further objection to the proposed change, and it is that it would raise a distinction between Catholic and Protestant children such as does not now exist in connection with the system. It would, more than anything else, tend to a separation between Protestant and Catholic children, and one of the professed objects of the authors of the Education Act was to bring them in amity together "on one form," or secular platform, and so train them in their youth that as fellow-citizens in after life they could not be estranged by religious differences. The scheme promised to be most effectual, for the children would be unlikely to have any religion at all; but if the schools were converted into Protestant establishments, and Catholics were forced to remain outside the door while the children 'whom the system favoured were enjoying an exclusive privilege, then, indeed, the result would be Tank injustice, jealousies, and estrangement on religious grounds. MB. BALFOUR'S reitera- THB OLD, OLD tions on the Irish TUNE. Question are becoming as stale and wearisome as the tune of the old organ-grinder. He has once more jspoken on the subject anfl once more indulged in the familiar old strain. At Glasgow he has addressed what is described "an immense assemblage," and he favoured the Tories of that city with the well-known stereotyped assurances on the Home Bule Question. He declared that Ireland was treated in a very lenient manner, and it is quite possible that no one present had the honesty and hardihood to contradict him. The charges of cruelty which had been brought against the Government were, he said, altogether untrue, and it is unlikely that any of his auditors called up the ghost of Mandeville to confront the individual chiefly responsible for his blood. He asserted that if a local parliament were granted to Ire- land it would become necessary to re-conquer the country, and it does not appear, from the brief report to hand, that this ridiculous statement was met with a cry of " claptrap" or "nonsense;" though statements of the kind from any quarter, and especially from the executioner-in-chief of the Coercionists in Ireland, are altogether unworthy of patient or respectful hearing. They are too readily recognised as the fraudulent productions of discomfited politicians to succeed in deceiving any one. A brazen effrontery in the denial of truth or in the assertion of falsehood is the characteristic by which Mr. Balfour is best known, and hence it can surprise no one that, in the face of evidence convicting himself and the Government to which he belongs of cruelty the most deliberate and vindictive, he has impudently declared that Ireland is treated with leniency. Are the wholesale evictions which the Salisbury Government might have prevented, but did not, proofs of leniency ? Are the hardships, the deaths, and depopulation resulting from these evictions proofs of leniency? Is it leniency to treat political prisoners as convicted criminals of the lowest class, and by cruel severities crush out the life or the reason of such of them as are too weak to withstand the brutalities perpetrated in the English bastilesp Mr. Balfour appears to have succeeded in assembling a few thousand Scotchmen in Glasgow upon whom he could in some measure impose by false pretences, but if an English or Scotch Liberal, or even an Irish representative, spoke on a succeeding day in that city, for every individual who believed, or did not contradict, the Irish Chief Secretary's statements there would be, at least, half a dozen to denounce them as impudent falsehoods. In the old strain he assured his patient listeners that the Irish policy of the Government was sure to succeed, but he did not, and could not, assign one valid reason for his confidence. As hope is the last refuge of the destitute, and Mr. Balfour's vanity is inordinate, it is barely possible that he may still believe that some slight chance of success remains to him. But, as he has thus far met with, discomfiture at every point, it is very unlikely indeed that an audience of shrewd Scotchmen were so credulous as to attach much importance to those confident anticipations of success, which, on this occasion, he once more professed. WHETHER the world A MORE is travelling in the TOLERANT AGE. right direction or not may be doubtful, but it is indisputable that it is travelling very fast. With or without the sun men's views are broadening, for in every clime, hot or cold, they are becoming more liberal and tolerant. For instance, at one time they dreaded a " blue stocking" as much as a hyena. Though Dr. Johnson's powers of growling down the masculine bore never failed him, and he had the utmost confidence in them, the " blue stocking" was a terror to him, and when caught in her company he was apt to snarl most viciously at the creature. To men of less power she ^fs a monstrosity, to be avoided at airy personal inconvenience. A she-dragon was one of the epithets not unusually applied to her, and we mention the fact with no lingering savour of disrespect for her in' our composition, but to mark the great change that has been effected in- her regard, and to justly raise her in the estimation of the few irreverent people whose views on the interesting subject have not yet been influenced by the halo -with which, in modern poetry, she has been surrounded. If in her composition there were ever any preternatural ugliness, she has been transformed into a. being of light and loveliness by the poetic art; and this same art, though it is,said to have done wonders in all "ages, from the time of Pindar io thai; of/the 1 New South Wales Premier—whom, it is said, posthumous ia,me AWPIIB-RN^ver before^ accomplished 'sb,great a feat. .Lord Provost of EdmburgV appears to be one of those unfqrtifnate ,jndividuals who do not in tlnajnatter possess the senile of beauty. is , blind to the transformation that has been effected, and if the ogre is not still an ogre to him, at least it has not become a thing of beauty. Speaking, the other day, at a dinner of the Edinburgh Merchants'Company, he gave it as ms opinion that the education of young ladies was being over-done. For his own part, he said, were he looking out for a wife, he would not be attracted by a knowledge of algebra and trigonometry, or of the "ometries" generally, but would prefer a skill in cookery and the art of making home comfortable and happy. But, he added, philosophically, we must take things as they are. As the evil could not be remedied, he resigned himself to its existence. If this good gentleman had ever the pleasure of conversing with a sweet girl-graduate, and seen how sweetly her nose turned up when he put hi 8 foot in it in the pronunciation of a sesquipedalian Greek derivative, he could not have harboured such heterodox notions. Had he been favoured with that delightful experience, the conviction would be strong on his mind that the art of cooking a potato, though out of Ireland, reserved by professors for the finishing lesson in cookery, must be familiar to such a Mistress of Arts. OLD NOTIONS the REVERBED. OLD Virgil was under delusion that black swan was a rare bird upon the earth, but in the geography of his day Terra Australis was not known. Its discovery and colonisation has done more than dissolve the dreams of the poet into thin air, or reverse the theories of the naturalist of olden times. A Protestant minister in the old country who did not entertain anti- Catholic notions about the Middle Ages and the Church of Rome was at one time looked upon much in the light of a lusus natwrm, and we do not suppose that in that respect things have much changed there. But the rule does not hold good in Australia. Though liberal-minded Protestant ministers are not, like black swans, indigenous to the soil, nor very numerous, they are more frequently met with than in the old country. Not a few of them have, without hesitation, given public evidence of their enlightenment and honesty in dealing with Irish questions or in touching on Catholic subjects. Another instance of the kind occurred lately. Archdeacon Julius, an Anglican clergyman of Ballarat, has not allowed bigotry to blind him to the truth. In the report of a lecture on " Father Thames," which the reverend gentleman recently delivered, it is said:— Medun Abbey and the Monastery of Ebbing formed the subject of two very taking pictures, showing the old buildings in all their grand and hoary importance as relies of a by- gone time. In connection therewith the Archdeacon expressed his regret at heating the period at whioh these institutions flourished spoken of an " the dark ages;" whereas, as a matter of fact, muoh of the light of the present day was derived therefrom aa seats of learning, piety, obarity, and goodness—centres of spiritual life and aotion. England owed an immense debt to these monasteries and their inmates, and certainly the sick and necessitous. IRISHMEN, though the EXTORTIONATE greatest, are not the LANDLORDISM, only, sufferers from extortionate landlord- ism. The strictest moralist does not go quite so far as to say that a tenant is bound to give the landlord more than the soil under intelligent and industrious tillage has yielded. Doctors of the highest repute in the Church have laid it down that the decent support of the husbandman and his family and the education of his children in elementary subjects form a first charge on the products of the soil; and that, if there be no excess after meeting these expenses, there is no conscientious obligation to comply with the demand for rent. Assuming this to be a fair statement of the case, the amount which Irish landlords have most unjustly exacted from their tenants seems startling in its magnitude. The unfortunate tenants have toiled for the extortionists in the fieldsof England, and all the time have fared themselves badly while toiling severely, and, through no fault of their own,' have kept their families in rags and misery. Or the extortionists, over and above what the land produced, received American dollars that had been converted. into English sovereigns. Thus the greedy cormorants not only got what their tenants could scrape together by the sweat of their brow at home and in England, but also gathered into their all-devouring mawsaome of the fruits of the industry of the Irish people in a foreign land. Some details which the Crofters' Commission has brought out respecting the estate of ffye Duke of Sutherland, at Assynt,' revp&l; the^fact that in partB of Scotland landlordism has been just as insatiable in its demands ag it has been in Ireland, uoims^ were made; rents were raffia terest exacted, on several texts, and, but for their fishiSEtril!' by which the greed of the ffifc to a great degree satisfied, the J™! nate tenants could never have met engagements imposed upon them £ before the Commission took up the arrears were wiped out; and this, tW was no room to doubt, was done vrithth object of concealing, if possible, tbe cmli extent to which a grasping landlord had carried his exactions. But the tri^V failed, and the truth is out. It is now * well known to most Scotchmen at it u to every Irishman that under Engljili law landlords have had privileges ^ powers to plunder and oppress that would not be tolerated by Irishmen or Scotch men under a system of self-government • ENGLISH LIBEBALS elsewhere, in term AND THE of dissent, to some IBISH PEOPLE. reflections which Mr. Davitt has passed on the English Liberal party, it seems to us only fair to mention that the respected father of the Land League does not stand quite alone in being somewhat dissatisfied with the amount of help Mr. Gladstone's followers are affording the Irish people. There is no occasion to repeat here the views on that point we have given in another column; but as a quotation which we intend to make goes to justify Mr.-Davitt's complaint, we should mention that within our knowledge this is an exceptional and even a solitary instance of the kind. In a private letter from another colony, one of our countrymen who is far from being a novice in discussing political affairs, -and who has other claims than well proved abilities to engage in such a discussion, writes:— ; It is a pity the Liberal party do not give Ireland more active help in the present abominable state of things. Mr. Gladstone himself is all right, bat I am afraid too many of his followers would be glad enough to let the Tories settle the difficulty in their own way. . And what foots the English are on snch a matter! England nnder present circumstances seems destined to beoome a mere vassal state in Europe. She has already oeased to be a great ower. Russia seems certain to take ndia; Germany will take - South Africa, where most whites are Dutchmen; the United States will take Canada, and there is little doubt but that the Australasian oolonieB will be another United States. England might alter matters if strong at home. Bat she cannot be that till she gives Ireland her rights, and if not, then, as the Greeks said, the gods dement those whom they mean to destroy. 