%\\\t ijasftane ëm'm SATURDAY, DECEMBER 1,1883. It is Boiuewhat of a puzzle how Saint Andrew, the reputed anniveraarv of whose death waacelebrated yesterdaj by Scotchmeii and non Scotchmen alike throughout Aus tralia, cime to b« identified with Scotland instead of S unt Colurab of Iona After the account» m the synoptical gospels of lum he disappears from history, but looma up large m legend aud traditiou He ia said in one account to have cone as i rnissioimiy to Scythia, Thrace, Macedonia, and Epirus, and to have been crucified in Patron, a city of Epirus, on the 30th November, a.u. C9. The story goes that he was bound with cords (not nailed) to a cross in the shape of the letter X, and that he died thereon from hunger and thirst. His body "was embalmed and ia the fourth century was removed to Byzantium, the present Constanti- nople, by Constantine, and about the year 3(18 the relies and bones were carried by a pious Greek monk named Eegulus-who has since blossomed into St. Rule-to a place on tbe coast of Scotland in Fifeahire, once called Mucros, and after- wards Kilrymont, but since then St, Andrews. This is the legend told with some variations-the chief of which affect the date of Regulus's voyage, which is put bo late as the ninth century by some-and we are fain to believe that the bones of the good saint still rest underneath that ancient city. In the old Lives of the Saints, current amount th« early monks, «onie interesting particulars concerning St Andrew s martyr- dom are giren with a commendable fulness and exactness His arguments and conver sations with/Egeas, the pro consul of Patr'is, who put him to death, are to be read as if from a shorthand writers notes " I swear" said --Lgeas (afterargument that would have done honour to a sixteenth century dialec- tician)-" I swear that unless thou do what I say thou shalt be crucified " " The death of the cross is my choice, said Andrew, and the record goes on -"On this /"Lgeas ordered him to be tortured So he was stretched out upon the rack and seven timos underwent the torture of boiling water being lung over his he-id, but without hurt being done bim , after which he was brought again before .Lgeas, whom he warned thus -'Thy face shall blaze like a candle in everlasting pam, but short Bhall be my temporal suffering >' Then A geas grew wroth -as was but natural and ordered him to be crucified " without nails "When he came to the place of exe cution he addressed the cross m really touching language-too long to ii 'sert here-and then took oil Lis episcopal robe, and give it to tho execu tioner There were 20,000 people present, whom, from his place of suffering, the saint continued till the next day to admonish and instruct /Lgeos then desired to remit tlie sentence and take him down, but Andrew would not consent The soldiers, under the pi o consul s orders, attempted to loose him, "but their hands withered when they touched lum " Then the cross was en shrouded m light, and Andrew gave up the ghost, and /Lgeas immediately there and then died This legend says that Stratocles, the brother of A ¿eis, buried tho saint , another says a Christian lady of rank, named Maxiraela, had the embalm ing and burying performed The adventures of Regulus are a comparatively late niven tion, and their origin is not clearly ascer tamable The story of the peculnrity of the shape of the cross is also late, and if the alleged relic of it, which is saul to be preserved in a convent near Marseilles, is to be relied on, it was an ordinal y cross, but as it is, and apparently always his been, exhibited resting on the end of the cross beam and point of the foot, the idea of his having suffered on a decussate cross arose Leslie, in lus " History of Scotland,' ex plains the adoption and origin of tins cross as the Scottish emblem Ho says a cross thus shaped appeared in the heavens to Achaius, King of the Scots, and Hungus, King of the Picts, the night before they overtlnew Athelstane, and that they went barefoot to St Andrews sbiine the day after the victory, and vowed to adopt his cross as the national sign But Achaius and Hungus are mythical per 8onages and the story is merely ben trot cito The fact, howe\er, remains that from time immemorial St Andiew has been the patron saint of Scotland, though Scotland has not a monopoly of him, for his fame has spread far beyond the land of brown heath and shaggy wood. Russia baa adopted lum also, and founded an order of knighthood in his honour, In Germany, in Luther's time, he tells us in his " Colloquia" that on the,even- ing of the saint's feast young women uaed to indulge in peculiar freaks (not uientionable in theso day«), while praying to the saint for good husbands. In England, at least in some of the counties, the day was ob- served in sundry ways. In Kent, the rabble would gather togother " with guns, poles, clubs, and other such weapons," and under pretence of exterminating squirrels and other vermin, would kill hares and pheasants, break down the hedges, and finish the day in tlie ale-houses in the manner, as Hasted in his history says, " as is usual with such sort of gentry." In Nottinghamshire the day, ia the olden times, was one of un- bridled license amongst the lace-makera. Masquerading anti getting stupified on elderberry *wine was the method of celebrating the sunts day in those parts But in Scotland, as is becoming, the linn veraary ia kept with more decorum and in a nioie sensible fishion The stindmg dish for the feast is a sheep s head How the Bhoqis heid became identified with the saint is a injstery, but thit there is some Bubtlc connection between them is evident In pist di\s, the Scots in London when celebnting their patron Baint s day, had " a singed sheep's heid borne m the piocession Perhaps this custom, the ihy itself, the peculnr cross and all, aie-like other anm versiry customs-relics of pi='au worship or prehistoric idolatiy Covering ind piotecting the bones winch formed the i elie* deposited it Ivilrymont was i shrine, which m the old pious diys was reveiently woiahipped Over the shrtnt irose a church, oi rathei catliedral, for St Anthewa h id been raised to a Bishopric-which waa begun in 1H 2, md which is described oa m ixciedingly bciutiful building Piety i used it, f unticism desttoyetl it A mob in ono day wecket! it m 15/J driven to fien/y by the pleaching of John Knox-a fact the Scotch biogi aphers of Knox deny or extenuate-and a gable or two and a bit of a wall are all that remain. There aro other associations of an historic interest mixed up with the decayed city. Near here Archbishop Sharpe was murdered, as his white marble monument is there to attest "Wishart, the reformer, was burned here, Cardinal Beaton was put to death here. The little city on the shores of Fife had ita rise in religious fervour-it lives in later history as the home of religious fanaticism. St. Andrew then-if we accept the llegulus legend-lies mouldering in the grave, on Scottish land, and thus at all events bas more connection with the country and more claim to be its patron saint than St. George has iu regard to England. This is perhaps all that can be said for him, beyond that he is doubtless a good model of faith and fortitude, and that as such he is qualified to be the patron saint of such a nation as the Scuts. Tun present position of Victoria is sutil ciently humiliating. It matters not from what point of view it is considered. In either case the renowned saying that the thing was worse than a crime, it was a blunder, applies with damning force. The genuine Imperial federationist, the man whose sincerity is equalled by hi« shrewd nena, must piteously deplore the spec- tacle presented by the Victorian Assembly a few nights ago. To the Australian who is indifferent, alike with him who is strongly nationalistic iu sentiment, that spectacle can only appear in one light It was worse than contemptible, it was stupid. Immediately after the adjourn- ment oí the Bouse. Mx. Gillies capped the performance b\ a ciowning act of folly and, we are compelled to add, disingenuousness He telegraphed to the "\ ictonan Agent General asking him to inform the Secretary of State for the Colontes of the result of the debate di h the Victorian dissent from the attitude taken up by the othei colonies over the appointment of Governors The Premier drew particular attention to " the re mark-able circumstances under which the vote was taken, referring piesumably to the C9 to 3 Governmental victory and to the musical honours with which it was announced It may well be that that telegram is Mr Gillies a death warrant At the fa¿ end of the ses ion, at the head of a coalition pirt) which pro traded and uncontested supremacy, coupled with the enjoyment of the perennial loues and iishes of power and place, Ins hopelessly demoralised into a sub sen lent caucus, he his dared to commit the honour, the name, and fame of one of the twin leaders of oin Australian colonies to a mean and ignoble course of folly and reaction tor less, for far less than this, Sir Samuel Giifhth íeceived the crush mg humiliation of the North Brisbane elec tiona M~i Gillies ia bold-perhaps be is overbold With the swoid of the general elections hanging suspended by a ti read above him, with the world wondrous fate of a fellow Premiei suspected of Imperialism before his eyes, x\ ith the sound of a united Australia dinning m his ears, he bas done a thing of supreme political foil), raising that folly up to the sublimer pitch of sheer imbecility by a piece of hysteric disingenuouaness absurdly patent to tis all No one is deceived by this coup ih theatre of his, this fiicical denouement Does he suppose for an uistaut that any Australian Imperialist, who knows his right hand from Ins left, takes the "loyalty" of the amateur nigger minstrels of the Victorian Assembly senously 1 Does he dream that, outside the Bntish Isles, where Australia is the land associated with a won drous medley of convicts kangaroos and contingents, amone has any illusion on the subject 1 The simplicity of the man' It would soften the heart of the most criminal cynic, or cynical criminal, inside or outside of his own peculiar Pentndge Alas I a suffering nation knows only too well that, with the two eldest of its childien the wretched spites and follies of an inept rivalry would suffice to account for things even more humiliating and disastrous than this If any two Australian colonies should be able to discard puerile jealousy, and judge events as they rise with a calm and grand spirit of intelligence, these should Burely be the two which are pre eminent for numbers and for power A letona and New South Wales together outweigh, or almost outweigh, the rest of Austiilisia Is this the reason that, m the case of every event which concerns the interests, the vital interests of themselves and of the whole nation, it should per- petually bo just these two, who behave like a couple of unlicked cuba - two schoolboys snarling and wrangling with one another over the leader- ship in the game, reckless of their destruction of the pleasure and profit of all the rest ? First it was New- South Wales that mis- behaved. But Sir John Robertson, of late lamented political memory, passed away, hopelessly superannuated, from the -field of action, and one hoped that a better time had come. Under tho control of Mr. Service and Sir Graham Berry Victoria had stood forward as the firm but concilia- tory leader of our national ilesires and aspirations, In an evil hour they also passed, and left sole in their double-seat the loquacious mediocrity of Mr. Gillies. New South Wales, thanks to the strong healthy reaction against the sickly jingoism of the Soudan fiasco, bos again drawn to the frout as an exponent of these desires and aspirations. The chance of a genuinely-united Australia was at last ready to hand. Sir Henry | Parkes, with that profound political instinct which not even his bitterest opponents will deny to him, seized this chance, and gave the full forcu of his colony's and his own support to the latest development of our national life. Circumstances had drawn things to a head in Queensland and in South Australia. A step had been made. Sir Henry vindicated his right to the name of statesman and patriot by assuring Australia and the world that that step should not draw back. The words we have nsed to stigmatise the action taken by Mr, Gillies were strong ones, Epithets such as mean and ignoble, when used with a due sense of responsibility, convey the very furthest reach of feeling from those who respect others and themselves, They aro the epithets to be used on this occasion, and to this man. He has sacrificed his country to a miserable party intrigue. Ho has pan - dereel to the most despicable of all passions, popular or individual-jealousy, petty des- picable jealousy. He has got up an elaborate farce, and with matchless impudence striven to palm off on Eugland what was too wretchedly absurd for Australia. His speech was the final utterance of political cant. Nothing was too gross for him. He dared to declaim to tho sound of the cheers of his clinging and moiibund caucus, the amazing fiction that "no Cover nor had ever been sent to Australia who was unfit for the position, whose appointment would have been challenged." And this to men who had seen Lord Normauby, who had at least heard of Lord Loftus. And note the tone taken. " They would be un- worthy of their positions as members of the Legislature if they did not refuse to allow the blind to lead the blind." Or again : " They were not justified in battering their honest convictions to find favour with the other colonies." Or yet again: " No one was moie desirous of federa- tion than himself, but they"-they, they, this everlasting, splendid, Gilliesian caucus-majority, they-" should not sacrifice their views to obtain mere temporary ap plause." And, even .ib he spoke, up there in the galleries his "gods" were clearing their throats to swell into a piean the inspiring, if somewhat hackneyed, strains of " God save the Queen." We all know what these strains meant They meant the hymn of degrada- tion and defiance : the degradation of Vic- toria defying New South Wales ; aud sacrificing Australia, their nation, to a despicable combination of jealousy, vanity, and revenge. To the clear- headed Im- perialist it was a most melancholy sample of jwant of wit. The name of his Queen was being used to serve a party trick. The band at the late Irish Exhibition in London refused to play "God save the . Queen," not because they hated the Queen or desired anythingbutthat God's blessing and protection should light on her, but because those whom they believed -were the oppres sors and traitors of their country and its noble3t struggles had adopted that chant as their war cry and watchword. Does the purblind GUliesian caucus want to ruin every hope and chance of Imperialism in Australia for ever by bringing about the same thing here? Australian nationalism aa a force is moderate, constitutional, loyal " even. Is it to be driven into a corner and made extreme, violent, separationist ? That is what will happen if folk of the mental calibre of the Victorian elect have their way. Veritably this man, this blundering Victorian Premier, has exceeded himself. He has had enough of the rope of power and place and has ended with it round his throat. Nay, he has already not only hanged but decapitated himself. For how could anyone who had not manifestly lost his head flatter English ignorance and insult Australian intelligence by the supreme and stupid disingenuousnesa of rushing into cablegram to represent this bogus fiasco of a played-out party, voicino envy, hatred, and all uncharitableness iu the hoarse discords of its parody of the National Anthem, as a loyal colony \- the Abdiel of the Australias " Among the faithless faithful only she." The voice of that loyal colony has yet to be heard. Low down in the black and clouded horizon the attentive ear can hear its earliest rumblings-the far-seeing eye can behold sharp signs of its acts to come. The general elections rise portentous like a storm up into the Victorian heavens. "Will it be Mr. Gillies, rampant at the head of his rampant caucus, who will rush into cable- gram to tell England of their results ? Let Sir Samuel Griffith and North Brisbane reply. We have already offered our congratula- tions to the Tramway Company on their im- proved financial prospects, and made some suggestions as to road metalline, which we hope will not be overlooked. But we can- not allow to pass without notice the very interesting statement made by the chairman at Tuesday's annual meeting touching the substitution of electricity for horses as a traction power. The defects attaching to horse traction are patent to everybody. Its great drawback is that it subjects flesh and blood to conditions which involve serious hardship to the animal, and no less serious expense to the owner. Not many horses perhaps, outside of the pleasure carriage, escape occasional undue severity of toil. But the private driver has opportunity of mitigating the situation which is denied to the driver of the cars. Independently of the load, of the road, of the weather, of the condition of his horses, the car driver must be up to time, both at the termini and at the passing stages on the route. And this in addition to the fact that the initial moving of the car, especially on an incline, is a severe strain on the animal's muscles, and these muscles ave never relieved by the back pilli, as in ordinary cart or carriage work. It is very uncomfortable to sit be- hind horses whoso work at times practically amounts to cruelty to animals. And the very efforts made by the company to pre- vent this, by providing the best of horses and working them easily, speak to thal other item of expense. In the old slave holding days it was said (so Simon Legree argues in "Uncle Tom's Cabin) that it came cheaper to work out negroes and buy others, than to keep them in good condition by plenty of food and easy work, The Tram- way Company keep splendid horses, but the amount that has to be written off for depreciation-£1500 - in twelve months is one of the heaviest items of expenditure in the yearly account. For both of these reasons we are glad to find the company seriously asking whether some less objec- tionable traction power might not be sub- stituted for horses. Various substitutes, as our readers know, have been tried else- where. The steam-motor has for years held possession of the streets of Sydney, but the fact that it is at length dis- carded as over-dangerous and a nuisance does not encourage us to move in that direction. Melbourne rejoices in the continuous cable system, driven at fixed points by stationary engines ; and it is to her credit that, without even trying older systems, sha lias adopted at once what is undoubtedly a great improvement both on the horse und the locomotive. Still the system has its disadvantages, one of which, as pointed out by Mr. White, is its unal- terable rate of speed. The system of trac- tion which has of late come to the front, and bids fair to furnish all the requirementsof car motion, is an application of electricity. _ The earlier plan was to store the electricity in the car itself or a motor attached to it ; but it has been since found that the electric power can be more economically and effectively applied by a continuous wiro overhead or underneath tho roadway. A year ago we reported that three and a-half millions of passengers were carried annually in America in this way-in Baltimore, Los Angelos, Port Huron, Detroit, Scranton, Wisconsin, and Denver. Since then the system has been enormously extended in America, and has been adopted in the Old World. At Tuesday's meeting the chairman gave de- tailed information as to the working of the system in Richmond. In that city of 1)0,000 inhabitants there are twelve miles of tram road, with unusual grades and curves, "carrying the people of Richmond as they have never been carried before, and with entire satisfaction to everybody." The writer of the account quoted from states that he was piejudiced against electric roads, but became a convert to them after seeiug Richmond. Boston is expj rimenting in the same directimi, and it will be possible, v»len the matter is seriously taken up hen, to como to a conclusion without furthe* ex- pel ¡ments. We agree with the ebal mau that, so far as present invention goes, electrical propulsion is the bystem for the company to adopt in the near future. But as the financial corner seems already safely turned, it will be well to take advantage of a little longer experience, on the part of American and other cities, of the working of the new system, so as to secure the latest improvements. Sir T. M'llwraith leaves to-day on his trip to China and Japan. He will go on hoard the Barcoo at the A.U.S.N. Company's wharf tal» afternoon at S o'clock, and a guard of honour will be formed by tlie metropolitan <»mP«f' of the Queensland Scottish Rifle«, of which corps ho is honorary colonel. The Ministerial changes described in yester- day's issue of this journal were announced ina »Government Gazette" Extraordinary pub- lished yesterday. These are the resignation ot Sir Thomas M'llwraith as Chief Secretary and Colonial Treasurer ana the appointment oltM Hon. Boyd Danlop Morehead to be Cniet Secretary and of the Hon. Wm. Pattison to be Colonial Treasurer. The acceptance of office by Mr. Pattison will necessitate his going to his constituents for re-election, and a writ was ¡ssued yesterday by the Speaker, fixing the day of nomination as Saturday, 8th December, polling day, Wednesday, 12th, and return ox writ 2Cth December. 