CORRESPONDENCE. TO THE EDITOR OF EXPRESS. feu-,— I thank Mr Rae extremely for the trouble he has at last taken in answering my letter signed ' Patron * and am much obliged to him for the information afforded. There is a certain air of jauntiness in the letter ust as if he is upset a bit, which gives quite a tone to what would otherwise have been a dull composition ; but I would have been still more grateful, had he stated the amonnt the house produced, expenses &c;, and salanee handed over. There would have been nothing indelicate or indecent 'in so doing ; and I would not have doubted the veracity of his statement, but thanks for small mercies. There was nothing for Mr Eae to put himself out about, for having paid the money over to the Secretary of Cricket Club he becomes a nonentity in the matter, and I do not see how nay name anymore than my ghost, would help to solve the problem, has the money been expended for the purpose it was intended for by the Dramatic club and the public ? * Improve ment Fund ' is a very elastic phrase. An improving fund I could understand ; but Improvement Fund at the time the enter tainment was given meant a fund to improve the ground selected by them in the Seymour Town Park. What it may mean now I do not know; perhaps the secretary of the club may inform us by letter, but I trust he will not put himself out. What I say now is that the money has not been expended on the ground in the Park, and if the Cricket Club still hold the money, why don't they spend it there? I cannot under stand a body of gentjeroen, the cream of the district, having an Improvement ?und supported by charity to buy bats and j balls, &c;, or to pay incidental expenses attached totheir sport, anduntil they are gra- j cioue enough to clear tins matter up by their ' secretary through the columns of this paper, I my advice is that when charitable entertain ments are in season, they will in simple modesty take a back seat, and keep it, as they deserve to do.— Apologising for taking up 60 much of your space, I am, yonrs, patron: 