Siiithk in Ixdta. — A Daily Xtws telegram, dated Calcutta, September 1G, says: A re markable case of suttee Iuib occurred at Cawn pore. The widow of a Brahmin villager, after ihe funeral party had left tho nvro still burn ing, got there unperceived, uud waa found dead beside ber husband's remains. Tho police report that the relatives did not connive at or assist in the sacrifice. Pin Mobkij. Mackenzie's Book. — The copy right of Sir Moroll Mackenzie's book, 'Tho Noble Fmpcror,' which was published in tho second week of October, has beon sold for Geimany, France, Denmark, Spain, and Russia. The volume, which contains 250 pages, orown octavo, and divided into threo parts. Tho first edition was 30,000 copies, und the priro is 2s\ Gd. Tho German edition will bo published in pamphlet form only. A Rejected Suitoh'b Revknob. — At Buok nall, near Hauler, in September lust, a young collier named Clowes mado a terrible attack with an axe on a young widow named Bonncll, who keeps a emiill farm. It is alleged that Mrs'. Bonnell had Bhown sonio affection for Clowes, but had recontly transferred her atten tions to her deceased husband's brother, thereby arousing tho jealousy of Clowes. The woman's injuries are such thut it is scarcely possible for her to recover. Clewes has decamped. Swimmiko Niaoaha Rapids. — A telegram fiom Now York, dated September 17, says : A young niun named Charles Percy yesterday at tempted to thoot tho Niagara Rapids in a small boat. The craft oapsized directly uftor starting in tho boiling flood, and Peroy was thought to he lost. Bo, however, roso again, and skilfully avoiding the obstructions iu the way, finally landed safely iu tho Devil's Pool, having nor fomicd a feut nover before accomplished. Mticn CoNviinTEB.— Tho Rev. ' Mv. Addis (writes a correspondent), who has seceded from tho Church of Rome, is the son of tho Rev. Mr. Addis, the Free Church minister of Morning side, ITdinburgh. Ho was a brilliant student at the University of Oxford, and his conversion to tho Church of Roino was regarded as one of , tho triumphs of tho Roman Catholio.miesion at tho University. Mr. Addis, who is a man of great learning, lias, howover, renounced the Outholic faith, hut whether ho has returned to tho Presbyterian belief of his fathers is not yet hiown. It Was Has Rumko Passios. — Thoro has never been on instanco of ' grucioueness ' like tbo visit of tho Duke of Nivcrnais, in thosovon teinth century, toliisdyiugstoward. Wishing to fee how matters stood with tho poor follow, the dulfo stepped into tho room, und had tho i-xtrcmoconacBCenbion tc inulto personal incuury into tho stuto of hiB heiilth. Tho steward, utterly bewildered by Iho honour, ruined him self in his bed with great difficulty, and said, in a tone of the most abjeot humility : (' I hopo jour graco will not bo offended at my dying in jour presence?' The duko, deeply touched, answered :. ' Not in tho least, my good. friend ; do not mind me.' Wheroupon, tlio steward availed himself of the graoions permission 0! hib mutter, and gave up tho ghost. 