| A Russian Ghost Story. When tha Winter Palace was finishwl the empress appointed a clay for taking posses* sion of it f and the elite of the guards, and a corps which was composed entirely of noble men* mounted guard in the new csistio. A long, dark corridor lead to the middle door of the white or throne-room. In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It was approaching ten o'clock and" the Arrival of the empress was momentarily expected. Sud denly the attention of the young men were attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in tho dark passage. Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the key hole of the throne-room. Who could have any business [at such an unusual hour in a room which was designated only for the re ception of foreign ambassadors ? One of the young men considered it his duty to investi gate the matter, and approached the door for that purpose, but as soon &s; he had glanced through the keyhole he called to ; his companion in a whisper to come | nearer. ! " The empress has already arrived," wliisp I sred he; she is seated on the throne,dircctly | opposite to the door." The other also looked through tho aperture and soon verified this to be a fact. The em press was seated in a tranquil dignity oil an elevated golden stool under the red velvet, canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of.Russia, a double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted; but it was impos sible to ascertain if any other persona were present, as the thicknggs of the doov-lock allowed no side view of the apartment The young men returned to their posts and waited. Not long after one of the'higher officers appeared and said, u You can all now1 retire: the empress will not come to-night." " But her majesty is already here." "What? Who?" " Her majesty is in the throne-room." "Impossible!" " You can see for yourself." The officer looked, immediately recog nised the empress, and said wonderiagly, . " I cannot understand what the m.arslia means. He has just arrived, and ordered that all tho guards be withdrawn ; the empress has changed her mind, and will not arrive to-night. Horcrthe less, I sec that she is here. Could she have come secretly ? At all events I will ^cer tain what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile do you remain here as the em press may pass this way." The marshal, Prince Kuratin, was' fortu nately in the palace, and as soon as he heard of the mysterious report hastened to the cor ridor, and peeped in his turn through tho keyhole. " My God, it is the empress 1 Her majesty herself! What'can'it mean ?" exclaimedhe. " How can this be possible, when I have just left her presence ? She was dressed in her usual every-clay'attire, and I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must bi: some mystery behind this. Let all entrances to the throne-room be guarded! Let no one go in or out 1 I will hasten to report at once." The distance between the two houses bein^ quite short, the marshal soon reached the small palace,temporarily occupied by the empress. " Where is the empress ?" / " In her sleeping apartment.", " The prince looked at the lacly of liorior with- suspicion, and said sharply. " Are you sure that the empress is here " Of course; she is preparing to retire." '' Inform her instantly that I am here." In a few minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, was conducted into the empress' chamber. The empress stood before, him in in night negligee. Kuratin turned pale. " Well," said the empress, " you look as if you had seen a ghost. What in Heaven's name is the matter with you ? Is there any news from the army Z" ; Kuratin hurriedly related what he bad seen. 11 It is a knavish trick," cried Elizabeth. " We will take a nearer look at theso come dians. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratin; you can mount behind,. Hurry." Arrived at the Winter Palace,. the cr3 telian was ordered to bring the key of the throne room; 6ix grenadiers were com* manded to load their guns, and led by tho empress the little troop betook themselves to the corridor. The light shone as before through the key hole. The door was cautiously opened and a flood of light filled the corridor. The empress stepped within the room, followed by her guard, who placed themselves around her. The room was brilliantly illuminated, but empty. On the throne was seated a shape, the counterpart of Elizabeth arrayed in purple and -ermine, covered with diamonds, and crowned with the roya! dia dem. One instant Elizabeth gazed steadfastly at her double, then moved for ward a few steps. Simultaneously the ap parition stood up, stepped down from the throne, and then remained standing as im movably still as the empress. It was a thrilling moment 1 "Fire 1" cried the empress. The guards raised their guns and all six aimed directly at the ghostly visitant; The triggers snapped. At the same instant tho figure, clapped its hands together, and the room, was suddenly plunged into intense darkness. Then followed- a great commo i tion and confusion, while the empress called,- , ? . ? ? "Bring lights 1" Lights were speedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched, but abso lutely nothing could be found to elucidate the mystery. Every door was locked and guarded. The guards had seen no ore leave the palace. The empress ordered a more thorough search to be made, but in vain were ail efforts made to discover th< per* petrator of the trick, if trick it wcie- . The occurrence made a deeper impression upon Elizabeth than she wouid admit, Bight weeks afterwards she died. Not Good Grammar'-A young lady was sitting with her lover in a charmingly deco rated recess. On her knee was a diminutive niece. In an adjoining room, with door open, were the rest of the company, bays the little niece, in a jealous and very audible voice. " Auntie, kiss me, too. , . . , , We leave you to imagine what had liap Pe"'You should say twjge. Ethel, dear ; two is not grammar," wa? the immediate re joiildcr. Clever girl. A Professional. - " Beautiful aport beautiful," said the bagman. " Sixty birds in two hours and only missed two shots." A quiet gentleman sitting in a corner of the hotel oflice, put down his paper, rushed across the room and grasped him warmly by thehand. "Allow me to congratulate you, sir," ht said," I am a professional myself." " Professional sportsman ?" " No; a professional liar." Father (haughtily)-"Well, sir SON (imploringly)-" Forgive me. I know how deeply I have wronged you; but I am young, and I have yet time to make reparation. If a future life of honesty-" FATHER (angrily)-" Honesty 1 lm,. ha I Who prate3 of honesty to a retired ice dealer?" 58? 