THE PAINS OF FEAR. Think what that poor, .dear, timid wo man undergoes who nightly looks under her bed for the 'burglar she believes to be secreted there ; who goes round the house after the servants are abed to see that all is safe, and that jio ticket-of-leave man is pro fiting by his liberty todoher harm. With what a sense of dread 'she locks the doors of those dark, underground places into which she dares sot peer. Ghosts and robbers, she turns the key on both with a quick throb and trembling hand, then beats a retreat with ever the Bame feeling of nameless terror, the same sensation of being followed by some vague horror, which she baa not the courage to turn round and con front. Night after night this torment is re newed as unfailingly as that which the old hag inflicted on the merchant Abudah. If the night has its terrors so has the day its dangers. Such a person as this dies a thousand deaths in quick succession, and the one is ae unnecessary as the other. A tramp loitering on the highway means robbery first and assassination after. A few harmless cows going home to be milked, and driven by a child, are dangerous. Cattle in a field, however well worn the public way across, make that field taboo ; for is not each dull, slow, grazing ox, each mild-eyed '.milky mother of the herd,' each tangle polled yearling calf as dangerous as a wild bull, 'man mad/' and to be ap proached only with caution and in force ? That distant, barking collie; that restless, neighing horse prancing up to the gap in the hedge, through which he thrusts his sociably inquisitive nose; that wayside encampment of travelling gipsies — all the circumstances of the country are so many causes of fear to the timid pedestrian, beating along the public road for a constitutional, and taking no pleasure in what she sees. , hi a carriage she fares no better. Up hill she is sure the horses will jib ; down hill they will slip and fall, or the pole will break, and then heaven have mercy on her soul! On the plain road, put to a sharp trot they will run away ; indeed, they are running away. If they whisk their tailB they are about to kick ; if they cock their ears they are sure to, shy. She screams at the smallest difference between them and their driver; and when tbey have to meet another carriage, or pass a lumbering cart, she pinches her companion black and blue in the spasm of her fear, The torment of fear is hard to bear when it is centred on one's self. What is it when it spreadeitself abroad and includes others — the beloved — in its meBhes ? For the beloved, indeed, is no security. Every railway journey includes a smash; every sea voyage is a foregone shipwreck ; if an epidemic touches the outside fringes of the district, it is sure to make a - leap into the home where the dear ones live. The smallest cold is .bronchitis;, and when the little people cough they have whooping cough, no less. ... Some mothers make their motherhood a long-drawn agony by the fears with which they encompass their young. le the nurse a quarter of an hour beyond her usual time, straightway the grave is opened and the cherished and adored lie therein stark and cold. Wild wanderings to and fro, wild surmises as to what can have happened, angry rejection of any commonplace ex planation as to a longer walk than usual, a longer session under the trees than was calculated on, passionate tears of frantic despair, passionate outbursts of as frantic wrath ; when, lo ! the nurse comes quietly up to the house door with her charge as fresh as a flower and as gay as a lark, and that voluntary descent into Hades proves itself as futUe ae it was unnecessary. These fears accompany a mother of this uneasy kind all through life. When her boys go to school she is sure they will be mauled by the bigger ruffians of their class, maimed for life in the playground, over worked, underfed, put into damp sheets, and morally, corrupted. She suffers more than they from the due necessities of learn ing, and wishes that there was a royal road to knowledge where her- darlings could bowl along at railroad speed, with never a hill to climb or a valley wherein to descend. She thinks the masters cruel and the curri culum inhuman, and wonders how so much can be expected from such young brains and growing bodies. All through life it is the' same cry of evil. The fortunes of war take her sons here and there, and the mother frets over the pos sibilities of disaster, as if that possible event were proven fact and, chance had no side alley for escape. 'And when it comes to matrimony the whole thing is renewed under another same ; for surely was there never the girl born who was a fit wife for the son of such a mother, while the finest man extant makes but a poor kind of a care taker for her daughter! So she perverts the great gift of love and the divine glory of maternity into a scourge, and not a blessing, and weeps behind her mantle of self-made mourning because she has not the courage to believe or the common sense to hope. — The Forum, A compositor on one of the London dailies lately set a birth notice as follows : ' June 29, at New Kent Road, the wife of John Johnston, Esq., of a dozen.' The eopy said ' daughter.' Some one has discovered that love kisses are full of electricity; but they don't « shock' the kissee and kissed as much as they do the disinterested spectator. It has been the singular fortune or misfor tune for a certain Fittsburgher, in the course of by no meanB a long life, to marry and then lose by death no less than four wives. During the interval between the funereal and hymeneal feaets this amiable man has relied upon a daughter by hie first wife to keep house for him. Three times in fifteen years has this dutiful child taken the keys of office, and thrice has she laid them down for a new wife of her father to take up. When the fourth wife died a little while ago she became house keeper again, and she settled down in the position in the hope that her father would be content to remain a widower for the rest of his life. She was doomed to disappoint ment. One day her father came to her and eaid : ' Mary, how would you like to have a new mamma ?' She answered quickly : ' Not at all, papa ; I'm so hog. I know when I have had enough. Four mothers are more than enough for me !' The poor man was so discouraged by this remark that he has not donned a wedding garment unto this day. Father : ' Ton naughty boy, Dick, don't you know better than to ask people how much income they have P I hope you will excuse the child, Mr. Nicefellow.' Mr. Nicefellow: 'Of course, of course. The little fellow didn't know what he waB talk ing about.' Little Dick: 'Yes, I did. Sis said she wished she knew, and I wanted to telj her.' 