FROM MY NOTE BOOK. BY " THE VAGABOND." SOME CALIFOBNIAN JOTTINGS. No. n. The .Australian traveller is generally delighted with the hotels, rostaurants, bars and oyster saloons of Sap Francisco. He will drive through tho Golden Gato Park to tho world-renowned Cliff House and view the monster seals disporting themselves on the rocks below. Escorted by Tom M'Kav he wijl possibly visit "China Town," with its population of 20,000 Colestials and its Joss nouses and theatres, and opium nnd gambling dens, and haunts of underground life, many of which I believe are simply kept up to satisfy the curiosity and excite the horror of strangers. As at the Bohemian Club, they havo "High and Low Jinks," so Tom M'Kay puts it to you. "Do you want to see high-toned life or the other thine J" I am sorrv to sav that Aus- tralians generally take the other thing. I, an old traveller on the Pacific Coast, have never trusted myself to his guidance, but he has seen a great many Antipodeans through the mill. But Australians and travellers generally only take note of the California of to-day. They compare San Francisco to Melbourne, its institutions to our institutions, its social life to our social life. There is an indefinable resem blance in tlie two cities. Bat California pos sesses an historical past which the stranger generally ignores. And it is ln stiidyin" thin past that a difference between the two com munities is seen. The name California is first fonnd in the worthless romance Las Sergas de Esplandian, tho son of Amadis of Gaul, written by Garcia Ardonez de Montalvo, the translator of the Amadis. It was first printed in 1510. The name California next occurs in tho memoirs of the Conquistador, Bernal Diaz del Costillo, wno served with Cortes m the conquest of Mexico. He writes that " Cortez again set sail from Santa Cruz, and discovered the coast of California,'" The name subsequently was generally applied to the entire coast line of the Pacific coast, from the peninsula to the mythi cal "straits of Anian," which wero probably Behring's Strait. The explorations of Drake and the buccaneer, Cavendish, were verified and duly located by Spanish navigators. The Transit of Venus party (French and Mexican), who came into Southern Cali fornia to witness the transit of 1769, stopped at a place called Santa Ana, but the exact location has not been fonnd, though diligent inquiry has been made, but it is believed to he the present Point St. Lucas. A Spanish vessel, a Philippine galleon, de stroyed by Cavendish, was called the Santa Ana, and some authorities associate the cap ture of that vessel with the site of the camp of the Transit of' Venus party, Captain Cook at this time was making his first celebrated voyage, in command of the English Transit of Venus party. The post of observation wob established ot Tahiti, with complete success. From thence the Great Navigator sailed to New Zealand, and it was not till his third and last voyage, in 1788, that he sighted the American Continent at a Cape which he named "Foul weather," on the north coastof whatisnow the Stateof Oregon FranciB Drake had been there before Cook, aud had christened the country "New Albion." The great "gentleman adventurer" in 1579 anchored his shipB for a time in San Francisco Bay. But Cook never saw California. The transit of Venus first brought Cook into fame, Bnt the members of the French party porished of malaria in the California desert. The Spanish party, however, under the leader ship of Gaspar do Portala, pushed northward overland aud discovered the head waters of tho Bay of San Francisco, which was so named by the attendant priest9. A few years afterwards the Sword and the Cross, Church and State, were established near the Bay, forming a settle ment known as Yerba Buena, from tho sur rounding beds of wild mint. "The Golden Gate " was so called, not as popularly supposed that the entrance to the harbor led to a land of gold, but on account of the glowing color of the wild flowers, with which the headlands were covered. In spring time the hills are still in many places a mass of gold. Yerba Buena must have been a charming place iq the old Spanish days. There was no hurry in life then. " Hasta mamma, " until to- morrow, was the motto of Spanish Cali- fornians, Monterey was the capital of the province. Around the Bay of San Francisco there were merely a few soldiers at the Presidio, a few friars at tlie Mission Dolores, a few tame Indians who pro vided soldiers and priests with fish and game, a few' rancheios whose cattle grazed on the hills now covered by the houses of the capital. A whaler now and then anchored in the bay, otherwise there was no trade, no com merce. Before gold was discovered in Cali fornia thero was a much bigger settle ment on the Yarra than at what is now San Francisco. The visitor may see tho traces of the old days of Spanish rule by visiting the Presidio, and the Mission Church. The cable cars will take him up and down steep hills in a manner which will astonish any one bat a resi dent of Dunedin. Nearly 3 miles of this and ho is transferred to a train drawn by a "dummy" steam engine. The mansion of Mr. Frank Pixley, tho editor ot tlie Argonaut will arouse his attention, and tho adjacent grovo of Australian gums will please him. The en trance to the Presidio reserve is about five miles from the centre of the town. Here are the barracks of " Uncle Sam's " troops, and a military reservation of 15,000 acres. The park is beautifully laid out, aud the separate houses which form the officers' private quarters are all surrounded with nice flower gardens. The yerba buena, the wild mint, has disap peared, hut tlio Australian blue gum is cultivated with care. Ou a sloping hill protected from tho north winds, with a magnificent view in front, the Presidio occupies one of the best situations around Sau Francisco. The old Spaniards know where to pitch their camp. The city itself is about as badly located as possible. During the gold fever ships were just run ashore, beached to prevent tlieir being cut adrift, sailors and officers alike having deserted to the diggings. Wharves were afterwards run out and en croached upon tlio water. Streets were built upoupiles to secure frontages. The ballast from the cuttings in the hills above in time filled up these till at the present there nrc. perhaps, miles of business streets in Sun Francisco, where in '49 the tide ebbed and flowed, and vessels were beached. Bret Hart's story, A Ship of '49, chronicles an episode in this connection. But 1 have been told iu San Francisco of even a stranger case. Below the Post Office a drain was being put down when the workmen came on the hull of a vessel. This had sunk in tho sand and the street had been built above it. In the hold of this strange wreck the Irish laborers found several cases of champagne, which had thus been preserved for tlieir use for 30 years. Tliey all got drunk below ground in toasting St. Patrick ! The old Presidio buildings which remain standing are of adobe, the sun dried brick — a material very like the mud walls of Egyptian villages, except that no straw is used here. The walls, however, are thick and solid, and have been whitewashed and painted. The buildings are utilised as offices and reading rooms by the soldiers of the great Republic. These same soldiers are worth attention. Taking them all through they are as fine a body of men physically as you would wish to see, and in intelligence they arc infinitely superior to any European troops. And in these days of scientific fighting intelligence must count. This intelligence only appears to fail when opposed to savages who have no science, and who trust to bruto force. The Zulus in South Africa and the Arabs of the Soudan in the North proved this with English troops ; and Sitting Bull's Sioux braves were too many for General Custer's cavalry in Montana. If. Jhe visitor, to the Presidio should happen to/ have an intrmjaptien to any oi the officers he will find himself in most charming society. West Point possesses the highest curriculum in the UnitedfStates, and turns out splendid soldiers end, gentlemen. Our War proved that The last thnell-visited the Presidio I could not help comparing the infantry officers 1 met there with those I had recently seen in France, The latter, through absinthe and coffee and other nerve killers, generally seemed as shaky on 'their legs as in their morals.. Whilst tho French privato soldier has greatly improved, I do not think the officers have. Thcro arc not many of tho typo of Boulanger. ' ' Uncle Sam's " captains and subalterns, ou the other hand, arc just as fine and fit a set oi men as you would wish to meet. They look men to ho respected, and arc respected! by their men. Very different indeed in their quickness and decision are the colonels 1 here to the old Spanish Cominandante, with his hasta manana. Here at the gate of the Pacific, on tlio spot where Spain first placed; her flag, the military guardians of the American E&Plfi; AYAITinllfff tflA (1 1 ffornnoA tiauiaen Via ciM order and the new. The Australian visiting the: PreBidio may learn a great deal, as well as' being pleased with the band, which plays daily, and the beauty of the surrounding scenery. Certainly, when the permanent force .of a' country of 50,000,000 of inhabitants only numbers 25,000 men, those men should' bo good specimens. I do not wish ever to see a large permanent force in Australia. The boys of the Cadet CorpB I saw in camp at Elsternwick will grow up with quite enough military Knowledge to defend our country when needed. But when we must have soldiers I would prefer to see them like those of America, who never forget that they are also citizens, to tho very charming and able gentle men sent to us from England, who are so full of the Queen's regulations, and are great on ques tions of belts and buttons, and are authorities in that species of red tape, called organisation, of which, according to some, Lord Wolseley of Cairo is the greatest living oxponent. Quite different to the Presidio is the old church of the Mission Dolores at San Francisco. A few years ago this was quite out of the city, now it is as much part of the capital as Abbots- ford is of Melbourne. Horse cars carry you through partly built streets very like those of Richmond or Collingwood to within a block pf the Mission. In olden days this wa9 in a pleasant valley, hut the extensive grading of the highways which has gone on all around San Francisco has altered the features of the country. The Church of Rome has always been renowned for the ability of its followers to select sites for its cathedrals and religious houses, in which the picturesque and the sani tary are combined. "We have sufficient evi dence of this in Melhonrne. St. Patrick's occupies the most prominent position in tho city, and as a building, when finished, will be the finest in the Southern Hemisphere. And the Fathers have the most healthy possible situation for the college at Kew. When you get to the Mission Dolores you are in quite a different atmosphere to that yon inhale down town. This fact is specially brought to my attention hy Mr. W. H. Campbell, an old Victorian pioneer, who left here many years ago, and whom I astonish with the account of the present magnitude of Melbourne, Mr. Camp bell is hospitable and kind to me, and I dare say would accompany me to the Mission Church if I wished. Bnt I always prefer to meditate alone amongst the tombs. At the corner of the main road is a saloon ; near at hand is a grocery. The houses are weatherboard, some with balconies and verandahs, hut generally with the hurriedly built appearance of Western dwellings. They are just temporary camps, not intended to last more than a dozen years. Before they quite fall into decay they may, however, be moved bodily further on into the subnrban desert. I have never seen an Australian house trans ported to a new site hy aid of great rollers and the screwjack. It is not an uncommon sight in San Francisco. The stranger approaching the Mission Dolores sees the American saloon with tho American bummer loafing ontside, the American store with the precocious American hoy chewing gum at the door, the car hells ring in his ears instead of the Angelas as of old ; everything is new, neither picturesque in itself or in surrounding associations. But a few steps. Jhowever, and he is in touch with the past, the California of 100 years ago. These adobe cottages with the red tiled roofs remain as evidences of the Mission settle ment. They are more than 100 years old, and look their age, although there is an hasta manana appearance about them. Faithful halt castes, and attendants on the Church of the Good Fathers lived here. I daresay that even in thoso sleepy days there was often a conflict of authority, that the soldiers aud their camp followers at the far away Presidio were often jealous of the influ ence of the Franciscans who controlled the tame Indians by snperstitions, or, if you like it better, religious influences. But iu tbe days of early California tho church ruled. The State is filled with saintly names, Towns, rivers, valleys, bays, headlands are called after " San" this or " Santa" that. Spanish America was held to be first the heri tage of Rome. And traces of that power will ever remain in California unless the entire nomenclature of the state is altered. In 1776, when the Mission Dolores was founded on the eastern slope of the American continent George Washington of Virginia was heading the great Revolution, the platform of which was life, liberty and tho pursuit of happiness. The faith of the Fathers of the Republic was in the future, that of the Fathers of California in the past, the saints of which controlled the pre sent. And so California was not only filled with the names of saints, but the chief item in social life was the observance of saints' days. A religion which inculcates the holiness of keeping holiday is akin to humanity. England ceased to a great extent to be " merry" after the re formation, when tho Love of God came to con- sist in working ourselves and our man servants and maid servants to death for six days in'the week, and on the seventh withholding all rational and innocent amusement from the people. Trades unions and strikes have altered this state of things in the present day, and, as Mr. Walter Besant so well points out, Calvinism has been scotched within tho last 50 years. But standing here in the old Mission church of Dolores, "Our Lady of the Seven Sorrows," I cannot help thinking that the bond servants of the Franciscan Fathers might have had a better time of it with their innumerable saints' holidays, and " until to morrow " way of doing everything, than the bond servants of capital. Loves die and we know thee Immortal, Our Lady of Pain. Swinburne's lines come to mind in this church. Why did the founders, Fathers Juan Crespi and Francisco Gomez, give this strange name to a mission in a far away heathen land on the con fines of an unknown sea ? What should these priests know of the cultus of Notre Dame des Sept Douleurs ? Zola is the only author who has attempted to analyse the erotic mysticism which inspires the worship of female saints by celibates. " Worship," I may be told, "is not the right word but there is nothing in the Eng lish language which can be used in its place. I fail to get reverential at this old Mission, But I admire the strength of the architecture. Built of adobe, with the walls sloping to the ground, the massive beams which support the roof have borne the test of' ages. But along the whitewashed walls there are no louger " stations" of the Cross. This old building is now used as a school room, and where Indian' ohildrcn sang the chants and Indian boys swung the censer, Irish born children are being taught to be good and pure aud obey Holy Church. There is a new build ing on the side of the old one, dedicated to Dolores. It is a large red brick structure, ugly and tasteless. The Roman Catholie Cathedral of San Francisco is "down town," and, although a fine edifice, not to ' he compared to our. St. Patrick's. .But the new Mission Dolores Church,, lnu no points to coumoad itself to the, Gentile. And so I turn to the neighboring churchyard, Where heavee the turf In many a mouldering heap, Lach In bla narrow cell for ever laid. The foreiathers of California, life's fitful fever o'er, sleep soundly, aud reck not of the vul garity of civilisation which has invaded the precincts of the quiet mission. Of these, indeed, it may ho said i-'fir from tho madding crowd's ignoblo strife 7hclr sobcrwialtes never learned to stray ; Along the cool sequestered vole of life They kept tho noiseless tenor of their way. Here lie priests and soldiers unknown to fame, whoso names aro forgotten, and whose graves are as neglected as those i'r tho Indians who were laid iu.a corner of this consecrated ground. A visit to tlie churchyard of tlie Mission Dolores is one ol the saddest things I know of. It is crowded with graves and tombs, whoso occupants form a strange mixture of nationali ties. Hero is a mnrblo monument, with a Spanish inscription, to "Capitan Don Luis Antonio Auquillo, first Governor of Upper California, horn in San Francisco 1784, died in 1830." Don Lnis must have been one of the first white children born in this part of the Pacific coast. Next to this is a headstone to an Irish citizen from Cork, who died in '50. Here is a marble slab with a French inscription, nearly obliterated. A stray sea captain is interred here and there, bat tlie majority of the tombs are of Spaniards and Irish people. And they are nearly all in rains. Everything is in decay. The paths are overgrown with weeds. Rubbish it stTPwn nhrtnt. Tf io znoro like the " Potter's Field" than "God's Acre." The palings, where not broken down, are plas tered with bills sotting forth the advantages to bp derived from taking buchu or other patent medicines. I feel as indignant here as I did whep viewing the state of tlie soldiers' graves at Taranaki in New Zealand ; as I did in the New Hebrides, when I stood by the neglected resting place of a missionary's wife. The con dition of things at the Mission Dolores is a dis- grace to California and a disgrace to the Catholic Chnrch. The old Fathers who reared this adobe temple would have guarded the dead better than this. They evidenced their faith in coming here through the great santly deserts of the South, where men of the sword perished miserably. They raised a sacred building under conditions which was a credit to them. They tamed the Indians, if they made them work. They did good according to their lights. The land they took up must, with the increase of San Francisco, have made the Chnrch very wealthy. And now their tombs are allowed to lie iq, decay, and there is not even a decent fence around them. And in the broken bottles and loose paper and advertising bills there is a vulgarity of neglect which is disgusting to anyone who reverences the past. Bret Harte describes how — The heathen stood on hie ancient mound. Looking over the deeerc bound Into the distant, hazy south. Over the dusty, broad champaign Where, svlth many a gaping mouth. Ana Assure cracked by the fervid droath, For seven months had the wasted plain . Known no moisture of dow or ruin. The wells were empty aud choked with saud ; The rivers bad perished from the laud ; Only the sea fogs, to and fro, Slipped like ghosts ot the stream below. Deep In Its beds lay the river's bones, Bleaching In pebbles and milk white stones, And tracked o'er tbe desert, faint and for, Its ribs shone bright on each sandy bar. I try to imagine the neighborhood of the Mission Dolores when the brave priests passed the dry deserts of the South and con quered the heathen hy the power of Faith. The Indians haTe all gone now. You may occasionally see a blackfellow in the streets of Melbourne, but never an Indian in San Francisco, The life of the mission has disappeared. It is now only a very common place Catholic church In Melbourne we should be ashamed of it. Are the near at hand lager beer saloon and grocery and horse car compensations for the life of the past ? I sigh that, unfortunately, it was not onr life. Here, in the California of to-day, is the triumph of Republicanism, the Dominion of Democracy. Civilisation has brought wealth and ease to the majority, yet any man with a touch of poetry in his soul must regret the old days of the Mission Dolores. Hasta manana, until to morrow, was the shibboleth of the early Spanish Californians. Tho morrow has come, and the souls of the priests will be sorrowful if they can see the things now being done in the place where they ruled. Yet, as I sadly take the cars back to town, I remember the words of the Sanscrit singer who wrote, men say, long before the Sermon was preached on the Mount — No man shall 'scape from act Ily shunning action ; nay, and none shall come By mere renouncements unto perfectness. Do thy allotted task. Work Is moro excettcnt than Idleness. Tho days of Hasta manana in California are gone, and in the busy work-a-day world, with its sordid outward signs of saloons and stores and street cars, "a holiness of pur pose" ; is, perhaps, present, although not outwardly developed. There is a rush for wealth on the Pacific Coast truly, but the men having made their wealth often use it well. I have known present Colifornian millionaires keeping a drinking saloon, and othera as working miners. If some of these now rush into foolish extravagances in Europe it is the fault of their womenfolk. But many early pioneers will be known by their munifi cence to charities and public institutions. James Lick endowed an observatory which will be one of tlie centres of science in the world ; and Leland B. Stanford, ex-governor and senator, has given twenty millions of dollars, i.e., four millions of pounds sterling, to erect and endow a State University on land given by him near Menlo Park. Those who have ever had tbe pleasure of the entree at Stanford Honse in East Melbourne will recognise a family kindness of heart. It is a mucii more note worthy thing to know the brother of the man who can give away four millions in the cause of education than to fraternise with penniless peers. Our colonial millionaires, and even the royal and reigning family, are mean in their charities in comparison with Senator Stantord, of California. 