ivX Lli i I fifiFi " Friday. r r,, anient should certainly fae C:r epnech-wntcr, or let the l1 by the literary pro- > oe 10 t0 be reeled oft as per J C"0 1 time Ministers took a lf3il fI\u pride in producing a h 1 choukl be at least passauie, lr " , . 0,)!'ettilv- turned phrases I- 11 i. n.mits." and which J J 1 outwardly and imprcs- lrt-3. De. o beautiful woman I -irm .lion scene m a panto- It' ol lntrj years Governors' L ® . D on as dismal and drear I-, , e„0" before tlio lights It , ami the glory-time lr l"-.rl.v ij:ive been absolutely I J : n ,r)( appear to have I 1 on the principle that it's |l£k'y ;0 P!,eak your niiud. and if ?' " v o-ivtlmig at all you can't I j, Of such a kind was 1 .\i,nuu! lo ns last Tuesday, it- .-ola;' :V nothing in it, and Ms'' ' 'J.A ;« iiice the mc-n-H of a 1 An-l the reading of as apathetic, and as Wf'Z o; though His Excellency Gentleman. I reallv can t If-Tfriit aav emotion into this, ft" our word i n.ildn't justify it; »;' 'J'c'e i' in paul on the regular, y'y-leb.'' Oalv once, in referring J'- ' i of the E'nncror Frederick, ISceliencv Permit of his voice M -'if-ecw of » niparhotic no<e, he 5omewlr.it marred by carrying ® t.j the next sentence, which did not >;S "» t« too, 'he adhorence to old- i ..i, .nAnioirlioi: rrrntoo mi r «.;< treoeaein »waiv J " .r; Why, for example, should llrbcv, in adherence to a form Wliicli «omo or his prede- ll.Tcoank-red mmlvisab'.e and un- M'ifor- be the onlv male >viio. m ®Vi»ce of a large number of ladies, II.'-" uncovered and ungloved '? As H"r-rhoii of the privilege ol rank, it 11| as much m a communitv STjosting itself loose from all the KkonaUl "ii. nm-, Las |S-ry Guv Fawkcs Da\ . losL i - nol.l R&saetity;'of the associations of Ha — discarded April Fools' and SJ-Ii-r, and only doubtfully and in Hf: j|j£d manner observes iliat of St. W'T. n. 1 « - -a It IS rlUUlj iUtHiUjlO. UMU M-.jV.a,l be some pageant observed 3ii:" of such national importance : ffldnbeboom of exploding powder, aB jjli'.v of the guard of honor Hij in tbe roadway, and the swank iS|.T,::er of the plumed members of Hsislionlil be shfiiciont to gratify fgkyn sightseers. The real dispiay S9 ?! occasions is constituted by the j|| : i the ladies, and these wore igau-'iav exceptionally brilliant, |||; at attractive. The Council liH.;: has never contained a throng BKilegant women, all costumed as |S; iky had but just stepped out, j 99s!:3-p1atc in the " Magnsin do ||9:.' Bat the deathless hird of 18 : image was the Speaker, who, j ggMi-iist time in the history of! BBii.a|iparort habited in the golden S -a only by the First Commoner |||j find on State occasions — not his |||1:: A-a-day dress. Air Da vies HHixu ap to. plume — or, rather, EH b collar to' his boot-lieel — a star ljnaocDt. a gold mino incarnate ; gnhkii in mo hustle of sknrry back Jeh-eaililrChnmher an irreverent Ii.'iun us goi'.ioa ran, tucro wont; t.-conged 0 1" of sympathetic via from tli.; ieminine spoc- Practically. I suppose that the pa of these robes means that V-ier of the House o? Assembly -j-ia. as an Australian native, ? b« is co-ordinato and co- p, and thai, the kangaroo's tail \- i the ordinary course of tilings, | Dag and as magnificent as that »>rn:8 lias taken liis seat in the | tirpiort, who -,vas the chief |y of tLe veteran has evidently a.'"t-rc ia Councillors to brush | r|'le debates in this House <tban has been their average '.eeies" trouble has now | Ji ' Patterson , who has been mBIIv-0, J51 ro!n reading or Mm ' I'r and now finds much 1la|agaCntclv into things, ls "'asses. A.nv failure HHIgV0 embarrassing to a i"0,'1 a disipaaiiScalion in t (1®ee> that" it has w ia 0 eo,,I!b as a iolitical K5 s-ensc "f siglat H«m|- v ! . a trifle less but Mr Deakin's SgSBltj.'.i puses much anxiety, B8hi,rV»r '" l'-1R scssion will to ,mpair it. WHradai A®.0 nn5(lae of the works MS. to niv writing fflir '.crnrn't- I ..... e? sWaBB'- -1 mug-estabhsheu WSm t . Imperial Review," ei;-r" A- M Kinley and | . Il ,s a wonderfully " .at the peculiarity of If!!! a jjj111 :'.f' tl>e fruit of one WsjlM orS-nal intelligence. pro l ce I under such ilf ' A UneTe»i in merit is fmp wssui .. ®-rkJ)le thing about , 'nnso taldb. s„ j Tte"Ee„" i Ul r'glnal thought, , I111? i most fehcitous s raiine OVCT fV>„ / ' l.c speculation and A J 'Mori ThewHed m Militia its TnlUB I011owing Hst of p. U e f Sutherland, WesssSt ''As Sp»_. 1 Eatchpole, kfWalt Rnl-;Tom" -Jones' S hitman, Vondel, Ace,' V ?andshakspearc. A-A J= HuSaat S0ff. '-Che Police 0 at> The Silver King, Mepkistoph ales, Poland, Farewell,, King- lake, Charles Warner, Guinness, and Bass, : Money " Miller, _ Abbess Jonane, Medical Congress, Irish in Australia, Sesostris, Kahler's Cup Lawn, Kong Meng, Schopenbaner, Parliament . of India, La Sauris, Kcate and Hawtrey, The Bulwers, Mendelssohn, Marie Louise, Mrs Gordon Baillic, -Merely a Sketch, Chicago Anarchists, Sanguinaiy Germania, Mr Chaplin, Westminster, mi., t mi cv.nnvr.mppf,. Sf.nnA- XU« cjev.b, X1UJ henge, Local Preachers, The Centennial, Professor Hearn, Rome and Leo, Aus tralian Natives, Mary Lea, The Times, A Hamlet Matinee, Austophanes, More abonn Dickens. The production of " Monte Christo ' at the Princess Theatre, by the Gaiety Burlesque Company, has taken the city literally bv storm, or rather the theatrc- going portion of it. The house was what is known as a " good-tempered one," the hundreds of young fellows occupying the cheaper parts on Saturday night having come to enjoy themselves in a good-humored fashion. And they uiu it - uuu iiuuugu mm uuu nucu oumt person in the stalls or dress-circle was made the object of : chaff," it was all done in the pleasantest manner possible. The enthusiasm, commenced when Mr Alfred Cellier, the conductor, entered the orchestra, was simmering when the curtain rose, and reached boiling-point when Miss Neliis Farren hounded on to the stage. Then the cheers that had greeted the appearance of each fresh- face were doubled and re- doubled, till they must have been heard for many p. block off. And where all the delicious flowers that wore thrown on the stage could have come from at this time ofthe year was a puzzle, though aoouc sumo ui the floral offerings there was, as can easily bo supposed, a strong suspicion of " fake." But none of these, of coarse, attach to the modest but fragrant little bunches of violets and the " button holes' that were cast at the feet of perhaps the cleverest burlesque actress in the world. As she stood with all her captivating abaudo >, bowing and smiling her thanks for the tremendous greeting extended her from all parts of the house, it was hard to believe she had been so many vears on the stage, or that she was 47 vears old. Face, figure aud action all bore more than favorable comparison with liio younger members ot tuc company. And yet-, when the whole performance is criticised, it is seen that the success lies on the strict attention to detail. From the i start tlio stage is never empty ; nor are the players still for a moment. All is life, vivacity, gaiety — the scene, pre sented being a vast kaleidoscope of varying colors. Again, not even her warmest admirer could say that Nellie Farren has " a ghost of a voice." And yet she renders her songs more attrac tive than can many a pure soprano. And so with the other members of the company. The one feature that sur passes anything we have yet sean, in the same line, is the dancing, and art in which every member of the company is proficient. To those who had never witnessed Continental ballets it was a revelation — and one, too, unaccompanied by the slightest impropriety of dressing or gesture. Having said so much of the doings of the " Gaiety crowd." it will, perhaps, further interest your readers to learn what it costs to bring such a company out, and to run them when here. I learn that Miss Farren receives £100 per week, Mr Fred. Leslie £60, and the other members of the company in pro portion. Further, that their salaries began from the moment the agreement was signed ; so that this would mean, at least six weeks' salary for doing nothing. Then again, the management had to pay for first-class passages. During the j season the numerous other expenses j bring the total up to A 1 200 per week, j or £200 a night, to be taken before the | management " get anything for tliem- ! selves." | There has been . a rare row up at the Exhibition over some news that was i supplied to one of the morning journals ; | and the worst of it was that express' ! orders had been given that the intelii- | gence should be kept very secret. It is i said that Air Lavater, the secretary, j ;; carried on top ropes" when the paper j in question came out with the complete iacts. and at such a length, too, that no room for doubt remained that a copy must have been furnished. Of course, everybody in the particular department denied all knowledge ; but, for ail that, one young gentleman has been cautioned that never, at his peril, must he do it again. In additiou, a ukase lias been issued that, for the future, the " Press fallows" are to be allowed to hunt up their own information." What very funny epistles come into the hands of those whose business entails their receiving scores of letters every day. Grammar, spelling and style are as varied as the writers them selves, and ofttimes quite as original. Among other Government departments, the Lands Office has quite a remarkable collection of these documents. One correspondent in particular, who for years has been worrying about a certain block of land, forwarded his letter in rhyme, beginning thus— ; Now allow me, if you please," To talk about those license fess. I That I should pay thein is not right, " And on my land they are a blight. . And so he' goes on for sonie half-a-dozen pages, varying bis rhymes with his subject. Another correspondent, evi dently of a severe Puritanical turn of mind, describes the Lands Office as" The abode of Satan," , and implores . the ' ' young i men dwelling therein, to coihe a utim' "loot, t.liev tiftril their im- mortal souls, for oh ! it is a den of iniquity and the abiding-place of robbers j and wicked men," from which it is safe to infer that the writer has been refused the grant, of certain acres he had set his eye on. As I have said, there are no two letters. alike, but the two instances I have quoted will give some idea of their general character. Shrewsbury and Lillywhite, the pro- moters of the visit of the English team of footballers, are not, it seems, by any means satisfied at the financial treatment tliey are receiving at the hands of the Melbourne Cricket Club ; and from the published figures it would seem as though the club had had a precious big ut out of last Saturday's gate— perhaps a little too big wlieu. it is remembered what a wealthy association it -'is. - Still; when it is considered- that the; foot ballers are here as a purely financial speculation, ;it is? difficult Ao.1 see .where' the sympathy they seem to ask. for .is to come from. When they made their arrangements it is to be presumed they did so with their eyes open, and if they got the worst of the bargain—well, it is their own look-out, no. one else's. Had they come to teacli us anything, or to benefit the colony in any way, it would have been quite a different matter. ... 