POLITICAL. ? ^ ? THE DEAD HOUSE DEBATE. parkgb's party politics again, a mean move. Like Scrooge's partner (says the writer of Parlia mentary Notes in the Daily Telegraph) the State House Bill is as dead as a door-nail. Public ridicule took the life out of it months ago. Sir Henry Parkes retains it in his possession ; but it is paper and nothing more — the mere carcase of an Act of Parliament, from which the life and spirit are gone. What in the world to do with it under these circumstances is a question which, no doubt, gives him a good deal of uneasiness. It hangs about his political neck like the dead albatross about the neck of the Ancient Mariner. The laying of the foundation stone of the State House was to be the leading item in our Centennial programme. It was as a means of celebrating the 26th of January, 1888, that the whole thing was designed. For that purpose, however, Sir Henry Parkes did not; dare to use it, and it is consequently of no more practical use now than an out-of-date railway ticket. THE PROCEEDINGS IN THE HOUSE. When Mr. Dibbs, therefore, on Tuesday night taking advantage of the first political spell avail able, set out to bury the dead carcase of this frozen bill, it might have been thought that Sir Henry Parkes would have hailed him as a de liverer. Mr. Dibbs showed no unkindly spirit iu the matter. His own strangled Centennial con ception of importing a number of titled noses from England to smell the Bondi Sewer was de cently buried by Sir Henry Parkes, and he merely wished to repay that service like a Christian man. There was nothing at all of a party significance in the matter. Instead of accepting Mr. Dibbs as a deliverer, however, Sir Henry Parkes fought for his dead bill with the ferocity of a hen defending her chick from the attack of a marauding hawk. He would face political death on the spot rather than have the dead albatross torn from his neck by Mr. Dibbs or any of his associates. His speech in defence of the bill was one of the most singular deliverances ever heard even in the Legislature of New South Wales. People, he said, derided his State House project as a fad. But that was just where they fooled themselves. Ib was they who were all faddists in their flippant opposition to it. The lunatic who insisted that all fche world had gone mad and thought him insane scarcely equalled this as tounding piece of reasoning. The ' fad ' of ob jecting to build costly halls in which to thank warriors who may never live and bury great statesmen who may never die, if it is a fad, is, to say the least, one of the most pardonable | idiosyncrasies that an otherwise level-headed I community ever got afflicted with. It seems, too, I that the mad delusion of objecting to this sort of thing is of most extraordinary prevalence amongst civilized peoples. Then Sir Henry said that much, had been made of the opposition of the press to the State House. Well, he had to inform the Assembly that, with the exception of a writer at Maitland and another at Wagga, who supported the State House, the journalists of New South Wales were a set of ' snarling, empty-minded \ men.' But what was the use of talking about | public opinion ? Mr. Dowel said the State | House was the one thing New South Wales was lj clamouring for. He said as much at Tamworth, 'j and as nobody thought it worth while to go up I there and contradict Mr. Dowel, Sir Henry I Parkes maintained that that settled the question. j Sir Henry Parkes also went into figures to ,i prove that as a commercial speculation the State | House was better than a mining boom. This was i the prospectus of the concern : If we make a park f only we enhance the value of the Government 1 land to be sold by .£146,800. If we build a State ] House we increase the value by ^8243,350. By 1 building the State House, therefore, we get an 1 enhanced value of .£96,550. Now, as the State j House is estimated to cost .£150,000 by the | Government themselves, the profit on this trans- jj action is just about as clear as mud. The calcu- j lation was made, as Mr. J. P. Abbott afterwards I remarked, by a ' retired Fijian missionary, a \ photographic artist, and a land speculator,' : honest and respectable men, but not authorities ! on land values who would be employed by the ' leading financial institutions ? 1 Dr. Cortis succeeded Sir Henry Parkes by a I speech against the bill. This was an irony which 1 we hardly thought the medico capable of. Mr. I Pee condemned the Dead House. Then Mr. Alfred I Allen got up and expressed regret at having voted I for the bill, and promised to make reparation by 1 giving Mr. Dibbs all the assistance in his power to wipe it out again. It was ' a bogus undertak- ? ing,' and he was ashamed of having been idon- | tified with it. This convinced the Government ! that it was time to put on the screw if the State I House was to be saved, and Mr. Garrett at once | proclaimed the question a party one. ; THE GOVERNMENT DODGE. j Mr. Dibbs's motion, Mr. Garrett said, had the I worst kind of party meaning, as its clear inten- | tion was to cast ridicule on the head of the Go- | vernment. He called upon the Ministerial | majority to treat it merely as a malicious attempt \ by the head of the Opposition to wound the \ Premier's susceptibilities in the tenderest part, f and on pain of their allegiance commanded them | to vote against it. . I Mr. Garrett said if this proposal had emanated from any other person tfian the Premier the Op- ! position would not have opposed it. In this sense it was a personal question, though not in the \ highest sense a party question. The object of \ the leader of the Opposition was by means of the ! State House proposal to seek to disparage the \ head of the Government. He (Mr. Garrett) con tended that the State House proposal was unique and alone — [Mr. Dibbs : ' Very much alone'] — - : in ite character as a fitting emblem of the com pletion of our Centenary. The other celebrations were transitory ; this building would be solid and I enduring. And this was not a financial question. '? Tho revenue would not be touched by the erec tion of the State House. This opposition to the a State House was born of a desire — a low, party A desire — to weaken the political power of the A Premier and the Government. ('Cheers.) He*a j| sure the House would not willingly go back on its §j| own action. The House should be courageous in || its consistency. (' Hear, hear.') ' || Mr. O'Mara considered tho object of the Minister for Lands was to make this a party question, and he had raised a ghost in trying to excite the feelings of hon. members against an alleged attempt by Mr. Dibbs to weaken the head of the Government. It was Mr. Garrett who sought to make this a party and personal ques tion. He (Mr. O'Mara) considered this proposal to build the State House nothing more than a magnificent fad. If built it would be known by the name of cither 'Parkes' Folly' or the ' Deadhouse.' It was practically dead already, and it would never be popularly designated the *' State House.' If 'we must have a State House, let it be in the form of a Parliament House. For the Parliament was the true embodiment of the State. The speech of Mr. Garrett put a new aspect on the -whole debate. Mr. Hawken, as a Government supporter, immediately jumped up and demanded -c a shrine to worship at.' He hwd no shrine, and felt a longing for one which nothing but a State House could satisfy. The Ministerial speeches from this point degenerated into a mere appeal to the House not to go back on the Government and throw out the bill. On the other hand, the Opposition urged the claims of common sense. For instance, Mr. O'Sullivan put it plainly — why throw away all this money on a ' bogus enterprise,' while the roads about Qucanbeyan and Bungendore were in a stite of perennial bog for want of a few pounds to put them in repair ? Mr. Wise supported the State House, and pooh-poohed the arguments of the Opposition. Mr. Abbott followed Mr. Wise with a cold steely stab in every sentence. Give Mr. Abbott a victim so completely in his power as Mr. Wise placed himself, and woe to that unfortunate man. The ruthless manner in which he commenced to cut Mr. Wise up appealed to the humanity of Mr. Hawken, who called upon the Speaker to interfere and draw Mr. Abbott off. Mr. Young did so, and the rest of Mr. Abbott's speech was devoted to the equally unlucky State House, which found no more mercy at his hands than Mr. Wise. mr. Abbott's exposure of the fraud. Mr. Abbott in his speech said the report on the valuation had not b2en, obtained from men quali fied for the work. The Premier did not go to such firms as Eichardson and Wrench, or Mills and Pile. They had Hardie and Gorman im ported into this discussion, which was bad enough, considering their relations with the Government. (Hear, hear.) The Premier did not consult the men whose opinions were taken by the financial firms of the city. It was stated without contradiction, that the building could not be erected for double the money. He had been ready to support it when it was represented that the State House and the Centennial Park to gether would not cost inora than .£250,000 ; but not one of the designs came near that sum, let alone .£150,000. The principal Under- Secretary could not have understood the meaning of the words when he wrote these valuators about a palatial building for ,£150,000. As to the gentle men whose opinions were taken, there was Mr. Francis Tait, once a member of this House ; he had been associated with land matters in Goul burn^ and was a retired Wesleyan Missionary ; a worthy man, but one who had no opinion that was of any value on the question of land valuation. Then there was Mr. J. Hubert Newman, an excellent photographic artist, and Mr. John Bennett was a well-known land specu lator, who would never attempt to deny that he was up to his ears in nearly every land syndicate in and about Sydney. These were the gentlemen who made their report, which was published, at the expense of the State, along with a very pretty picture. No man in that House would, accept their valuation. He would ask every hon. member present if he would lend money upon a valuation made by the gentlemen in question. And he did not believe that any of them would. The valuation of from £7 to .£10 a foot was an excessive valuation for that land without the park ; .£14 was a high valuation even with the park, and it was qviite preposterous that the mere addition of the State House would increase the value of the land to .£20 per foot. He voted for the Centenary Bill when he understood that the money to be expended upon the Centennial Park would be produced by the sale of useless lands. Mr. O'Connor was of course a warm supporter of the Government in this .matter. In a gorgeous speech he argued that, despite any arguments to the contrary, ' William Charles Wentworth was a great chieftain,' and that 'the men who fought at Kunnymede,' whoever they were, had true grit in them. For these reasons, as well as others too numerous to mention, he thought a State House ought to be put up. Mr. Dowel also supported the idea. Mr. Frank Smith, how ever, finding, as he calculates, that 00 per cent. of his constituents are ' faddists,' according to Sir Henry Parkes' new definition of the word, and don't want a State House, took this concrete fact as of much more importance to him than the con sideration of what Wentworth would have thought of the matter, and for that shrewd reason announced his intention of voting against it and letting the Government take their chance. parkes' threat to resign. It was distinctly reiterated to the House by the Premier that the carrying of Mr. Dibbs5 motion would be followed by the resignation of the Go vernment. The Opposition received the declara tion with shouts of incredulity, and for some moments great excitement prevailed. Mr Dibbs accused the Premier of unfair dealing in not making the announcement earlier, either on the introduction of the bill or at an earlier hour dur ing the sitting. The Government (he said) had been instructing those of their supporters who were opposed to the State House that they should go home, allowing them to depart under the im pression that it was not to be made a party affair. To this Sir Henry Parkes replied that his col leagues knew all along how he intended to treat the matter. ' Tour colleagues are not the House,' shouted Mr. Dibbs angrily across the table ; and this House should have known long ago what you intended to do.' At this stage Mr. Garvan roso excitedly and demanded that as the House was a thin one, and as many members had been allowed to go away under tho impression that the question was not to be made a party one, an adjournment should be had until the following evening. A hurried consultation took place between tho Premier and the Minister for Landc, and a moment after wards Sir Henry Parkes rose and announced that the Government would consent to comply with the suggestion of the hon. member for Eden. ' Provided,' he added, ' that a division be taken to-morrow night,' and the cheors from the Op position benches testified the agreement of that party to the proposal. Mr. Dibbs, however, was not to be so easily disposed of ; he would make no promise. On this understanding the House adjourned until Wednesday. Subsequently a hurried and informal meeting of the Opposition was held in their rooms, and it was decided that every effort should be made to muster a full attendance. The Government whip was also busy. That the question had not been made a party one by the Opposition was shown by the speech made in favour of the State House by Mr. Dowel, the Opposition member for Tam worth. As a body the Opposition repudiated the charge. 