AVENDETTA. A cold, bleak afternoon, late in October, with clouds that hang low in the sky, and a sort of clamp mist hovering over the flat bog through which our road stretches intermin ably before us. Not a cheering prospect by any manner of means; and, as we have already driven five monotonous miles, and have lour more to travel, over, perhaps, tue worst bit of road in County Mayo, in that fiendish invention of human ingenuity, an outside car, I might surely he excused if my spirits were not at their highest pitch, especially as I finished my last cigar two miles back, anil am beginning to cast en vious eyes at Larry's stumpy black pipe. Nevertheless, I never was in better spirits in my life, and am oblivious alike to mist, bog, dreariness, and discomfort. I have done nothing but whistle waltzes and reels since tho last cigar departed this life — nay, have I not laughed at every ^one of Larry's frequent jokes till, by my rash encouragement, he has become elated, and threatens to grow into a bore. On tho whole, it would take a good deal to depress me to. day. And no wonder, for my regiment has only been home a week from 'the ' gorgeous East,' I have just got my company, and to-morrow I am to be married to tho sweetest girl in the world. Bless her sweet face I I smile as it rises up beforo me, with its glittering mist of golden liair. I wonder if this year has changed her much ; but what change could there be in her winsome faco and pretty ways? Lct.mc see, Was it not somewhere about here we parted J Ves, there is the old cabin with its crumbling roof where we stopped when I would let her go no further ; nnd then Larry and' the car overtook us, and I ?drove away, leaving her standing there with her violet 'eyes shiningthrough tears, and her mouth quivering with the effort to smile. It was not a day like this, though, I remember, but bright and clear, with a sharp, cold wind. Oh, how could 1 havo gone and loft her like that I How I wanted to carry her off then and there, nnd never let her go again I But nevermind ; the weary year is over at last, and after to-morrow no one shall ever part us. Here wo overtook an ancient female in n cap and striped shawl, who turns up to us a face like a very old walnut, and I recogniso Sydney's old nurse. ' ' Why, lliilily, is it you ?' while delighted exclamations of, ' Sure, and it's the captain himself, nnd joy be wid him I' proceeded from Biddy. I am not in the gazette yet, but they are always good enough to give one brevet. rank at Kilbiggin, after the flattering custom of tho Irish peasant; . ' Wiiy, Biddy, this is a long way for you to bo from home at this timo of tiny I Jump up. and we'll give you a lift.' And so, with a shower of benedictions, the mildest of which ought to make mo a happy man for life, Biddy-is hauled into the car, and the. gray mare .once more resumes her usual jog-trot. - 'And how are all' at tho house? IIow's Mis? Sydney?' I ask, when tho big basket lias been safely stowed away and Biddy's' thanks and apologies were over. ' Ah, then, captain, darlin', they're all as well as well: hut Miss Sydney, bless the swate dear I she'll bo tho better for seeing you.' !' Seeing mo! what do you mean?' I in quired, hastily, rather startled. ' Sho hasn't been ill?' . ? ' Niver a hit of it — tho saints forbid ! But its wearyin' she'll bo for a sight of your handsome face ;' and she beams upon me in a way which is friendly to a degree, while 'Larry grins sympathetioally. ' But it's shocking bad weather, Biddy,' I say, by way of changing the conversation, which grows personal. ' I hope it won't bo this sort of thing to-morrow, I am sure;' and I half unconsciously touch the pocket where, in its silken anl velvet case, rests the wee golden fetter which, ? to-morrow morning, will chango a waidjato a wife, ' Och, thin, 'don't be' afther thinkin' audi a thing !' says Biddy, indignant. ' Isn't it a Sunday child lliss Sydney is, and hasn't she had the luck all her life, and is it rainin' it would bo on her marriage-day ? Shure, nnd tho saints would bo mighty ill-natured if they didn't kape.ofE the rain', good luck to thim, but I don't believe their hearts is that black. No, suro, it won't rain, don't you think it— and what for should it 1 l6n'tit a happy, blissid brido the swate dear's a-goin' to he, and ain't we all ns pleased as pleased ? Barrin' you're a goin' to tako the blessed child to that bettlier country nwhy over the say.' ' Only to England, Biddy,' I say, humbly. Si' And isn't that bad enough, I'd loilco to know? Sure, and ye wouldn't be wanting to be taking her' among tliim haythen blacks?' \- ' Oil, dear, no, of courso not,' I answer, hastily, ' but England isn't far off, you know, aud we shnll always be coming back. By the way, Biddy, how's Miss Sydney's great uncle at Ballyragin ?» ' The heavens behis-bed, he's bettlier I' is Biddy's pious nnswer. 'I'm precious glad of it ! I thought ho might bo going to die and then, you know, the wedding would have to be put off.' ' No, thin, he wasn't goiug to die ; no fear of it. I was mighty bothered, for he's my own foster-brother — indade, and it's the truth I'm tellin' you ; but I knew he'd pull through wid his sickness, nnd I never asked mcself afther at all, at all, for I got word from mo brother's* daughter's son-in-law's uncle, as is my master's own boy at Bally ragin, and the banshee's never been heard at all, at all.' ' The banshee 1' say I, with surprise, and feeling inclined to laugh, for a banshee seems a slender reed to trust to ; ' bub I don't see how thnt proved it.' 'Sure, and how could a Glynn'e die wid-. out tha banshee a-givin warniu' ?' asks Biddy, solemnly. ' D'ye think they're just loikc any common family, that can die, and no notice be taken?' ' Sure,' says Biddy, looking at me in sur prise, 'ycr not man'n to make fun of it? Oh, capt'in dear, don't be doin' that; but maybe the great people in England niver has the banshee, and so ye don't know.' Biddy says this in a pitying tone of voice. 'No, I/am happy to say they don't abound in England, though I don't doubt they are very nice. But do they always tell when people are going to die ? Thnt must bo very convenient.' A thought crosses my mind that the afflicted relatives can order their mourning beforehand and grieve in advancc, like the Qiieen in 'Through the Looking- Glass.' Biddy still regards me with suspicion. ' In some families the banshee's heard to keen whinever n' misfortune's coming', but the Glynnes is only heard whin it's a death,' she says simply. ' And always then ?' ' Always, capt'in dear ; and it's everybody as'll tell ye the s.ame. And another tiling; most banshees, anybody ns'is Oirish can hear thim ; but the Glj'nne'a banshee, it's no one can hear it. as hasn't the blood in their veins ; I've heerd it agin and agin, .for it's the blood as is in me veins from the ould stock ; but I haven't heard it now for many and many's the day. ' None of thim has died for fifteen years nor more, praise' be to the saints 1 The last was Miss Sydney's grandfather. Och ! nnd didn't it make mc flesh creep to hear it 1' ' I hope it don't extend to tho husbands the Glynnes marry,' I say, trying to bo decorously grave. ' Why, Larry hissel's heerd it,' continues Biddy. ' Don't yo mind, Larry, whin the ould lord at tho castle was took sick, and we heerd the White.Laly out in tho park all night?' ' Ay,' says Larry with satisfaction. ' And don't I mind — ' But here we are in sight of the low, grey stone House of Kilbiggin, and there — yes, there is Sydney on tho steps. With one bound I am off tho car' and at the door, arid she and I are together again once more. The first rapturous meeting over, we are alone, in the drawing-room, with its carved ceiling and deep mullioned windows ;* the tables and chairs are covered with a litter of cotton wool and silver paper, nnd yards of string form pitfalls for the unwary ; for 'Sydney is displaying to my gnze t he wonders ot her wedding present's, She has just come in from a walk, nnd in her glossy sealskin jacket and golden-brown hat With its long feather drooping amid the bright waves of her hair, she makes the bonniest picture artist ever tried in v/tiif to paint. My eyes follow her ns sho flits from one thing to another, while tho wild rose color in her cheeks deepens and changes with every movement. Why does affection ahvayr, look imbecile? I catch a glimpse of myself in the carved mirror opposite, nnd am quite startled at my own idiotic expression. 'Look, Harry dear'; what a lovely after noon tea-table from dear Mrs. O'Dowd — will it not be pretty in our little houso ? I am so glad you like tea. Oh, by tho way, what about lodgings ; could you get any at Win chester?' ' Oh, yes; to bo sure, I meant to toll 'you ; very nice ones, near St. Cross, Tiio colonel's wife got them for mo ; she has been awfully good nbont it, -and she and I have scoured the town in search of rooms ever sinoe we arrived. I thought that would be tho best plan ; to go into lodgings until wc could look abbut us at lcisuro for a pretty little house.' 'Yes, indeed. What fun it will be I Fancy the furnishing ! I am so glad wc are not going to be likesome army people, always living in other people's furniture. I should hate that-, should not you ? What a dear little house wc shnll have ; all low, comfortable chairs and Persian rugs. I am afraid it will not look quito respectahlo, it will -bo so,' very pretty.' ? . '. Why, sire prcttiness and respectability in compatible?' I ask, laughing. '. Very often. 'Don't you always notice, that the more. correct and proper , people nro, the uglier and-stiffcr the things they havo aboutthem? But we have such alot of pretty now. work. I am so glad most of my pres ents havo been tilings for my house ; even Biddy's grandchildren made me that kettle holder. Was it not nice of them?' ' But this is not for tho house ?' I say tak. ing up a Russia leather travelling-bag! with gorgeous fittings, 'No; thnt is from Sir John and Lady Murplicy. Wasn't it good of them ? And Oh I Harry, I had almost, forgotten to thank you for that lovely dressing case, I neversaw anything so perfect; and tho clear littlo mongrnm on everything I And this pearl necklace is from the castle ; nnd that is not for tho house, either, of courso. But then thero is grandmamma's grand silver tea-sot ; and— oh, yes ! these came from London yesterday, from- auntie.' And sho displays two small Japanned Bpice cases of chcap appearance nnd hideous in design. 'From Lady Susan Stanley?' I inquire. ' By Jove, how ugly I But sho' is an awful old screw, is she not ?' '?Well, yes, rather, Im afraid. Really, Harry, you know, they are not very pretty ; wc can't put thorn in the drawing-room, can we? But still, it was very kind of her to send them'.' ? , : ' Well, then, let me soo ; this can't be for tho house, either ;' nnd I take up a curious sort of littlo dirk, in a sheath of black and gold, of barbaric pattern and make, 'unless it a bread- knife in disguise. Why,'Sydncy,. child I' I exclaim in surprise, as i narrowly escape cutting my fingers with tbo keen shnrp blade, ' what n murderous weapon ! What sentimental' school friend sent you this, moved' by recollections' of bandit talcs and midnight attacks? Or is it tlw fashion in the days for ladies to go about armed to the teeth ? 1 shall havo t'o ho on my best be havior, I sec, if I do not wish to have a taste of cold steel.' As I look up somewhat surprised at re ceiving no response to my laughing remarks, - I seo Sydney's clear eyes clouded over and a troubled look on her face. ' Ah, ITarry, don't I' she whispers, coming close to 1110 and lnying her hand on mine. 'Tut that horrid thing down; I hate the very sight of it, thero is such a disagreeable tale in connection with it. Let me tuil it to you now, and get it over. Do you remember my telling you, just before you left hero last year, that there was a young fellow coining, to the rectory to read, with Mr. Hawley? And I was so pleased on nceountof thcHaw levs. tlicv are so nnor. nnd I knew it would be a'help to Llicm. Well, just nTter you had gone he arrived— a dark, morose creature, with black eyes and a horrid, cynical smile. 1 never took to him in the least, nnd after ward I grew to dread him, he was so cruel, Harry. Once lie killed a dog because it would not follow him, now could I like him after thnt ? But ho was always following me about and bothering ; and one day he mot me out walking and would join me, though I tried to show him I did not want him. And all at once, before I knew what was coining or could stop him, he was talking in the most passionate manner, telling me I was tho only thing he lived for, nnd that I should carc for him. I was sorry for him at first, but I got quite angry at last, when be would npt stop in spite of nil my remon stranecs, and eo I told him that I must beg him to be quiet, sinco no gentleman would speak in that manner to an engaged B'rl'-' ' ' Engaged I1 he said — jest that one word, and then stood quite still beforo me. 'Yes, 'I told him, most certainly I was en gaged, and supposed that he was aware of it — everybody knew it. He turned upon me a face, which appalled me, and Said, in tones which froze my very blood, — ' - ' 'And do you think you shall marry any ono hut me ? You had better not dream of it. If that day ever comes it will be better ] for him that ho had never been born 1 Take care while there is time I This time next year I shall come again to ask you, and then, if you rcfiise me — ' ' Oh, how ho frightened mq I ne looked liko a demon. I turned and fan from him, and, to my joy, ho did not follow mo. How I got home I scarcely know, but the next day I heard he had left the rectory suddenly and gono to travel abroad, ' I never wrote to you about it, Harry, be cause it was not tho sort of thing one could tell properly in a letter, and I waited till I should see you. I have novor heard another word of Fergus Fitzgerald since then, until the other day when this arrived. Whether I10 sent this as a warning, or what, I do not know, but I have tiie most unaccountable horror of it, perhaps from tho recollection of him, and over since I have had such miser able presentiments of something frightful. I have been nervous about you. Oh, Harry, how thankful I was just now to see you safe and well ? ' ' Why, Sydney, darling, you're growinj ns superstitious as old Biddy I ' I say, laughing and kissing tho slight lingers that clasp mine. 'Now, for my part, I think it merely a civil act of Mr. What's-his-name, to show you he regrets his violentconduct, nnd tacitly apolo gises by sending you such a wedding gift. Men are not quite accountable for what they do or what tlicy say when they are deeply in love, and no doubt ho lias been sadly ashamed of himself for same time, and wants to let you know it. He certainly has queer taste in gifts, but it is a perfcct thing in its way,',' and I take up the littlo weapon once more, this time with more caution, and try on a piece of papor tho blade, which is as keen as a razor, of exquisite temper and tiniau, nn't engraved witii curious arabesques. ' After all, it is tho neatest thing of its kind I ever saw ; no manufacturers of this sort ever equal foreign work. What is it, Spanish, Moorish?' ' Cosrican, perhaps. Ilis mother was a Corsiean, and he was brought up on the island. Perhaps that accounts for sonic of his eccen tricities,' ' Upon my word, it is riot a had thins, after all,' I say. ' The taste for tho curious is rabid now, and it would look rather well on your chatclaine, Sydney,' and I hold it against her side. ' Oh, no, no I ' sift cries, shrinking: back. ' t would not wear it for worlds 1 Do not, Harry, please I ' ' ' 'Very well,' I say, seeing she really do:s dislike the subject, ' then you shall not. But I hops your reluctance does not extend to these.' I produce the case which has been the banc of my life during the entire journey from town, nnd lay beforo her delighted eyes the family diamonds. ' Oh, Harry ! ' is all she can say, and then stands still in admiiation. ' Oh, Harry I But how — why — what ! Arc they not the St. Maur diamonds ? How do you comc to havo them ? ' ' Wiiy, my grand lather sent mc word that they had always belonged to a Lady St. Manr, but, ashe isan old widower, he thought tho heir's wife was the proper person to wear thom. Good of the old boy, wasn't it, I have not had them reset, I thought you would like tho old style best. They woro done for my grandmother when she was presented a3 a bride.' ' Oh, yes ; they arc lovely, so quaint and unique. How sweet of your grandfather, dear old thing ! Can't we go nnd thank him when wo go home? St. Maur is not far from Win chester, is it? ' '. ' No, that is jollv. Wc can often run over to seo the old boy.' _ I smile to see that in tho sparkling gems Sydney has forgotten all nbout tho Corsiean dagger, CHAPTER II. It is London, and it is Novembor. Wo have been mnrricd just a week, nnd are beginning, to grow accustomed to tho fact, arid to realise thnt we are not tho very first people in the .world who ever entered into that holy estate. Sydney has at last ceascd'to Btart and. laugh when slio comes into breakfast and finds letters addressed to' ' Mrs. St; Maur' at her plate ; already the hotel waiters have ceased to grin furtively nt tho sight of us, and stray hansom cabmen no longer look for an extra tip. The lirst obtrusively newly mar ried look is beginriing to wear off. - As for me, I spend my days in wondering what I ever did in all my unworthy life to deserve the blessing that lias come' to me, and in marvelling how I lived through all the dark, weary, aimless years before it came. Perhaps we shall have thirty years morooE just such happiness ; perhaps forty or fifty, wo are . vet so young. London is delightfully empty. I havo.not' see.11.halE a dozen p 'ople I know, and thoso I have successfully avoided. But to-night wo co to a dram, or something. at Ladv Susan Stanley's. - People might icavo lis alone until our honeymoon is fairly ovor, but Sydney's tender littlo heart is afraid ol offending lier old aunt if wo do not go, so wc are prepared fur a night of penanco, and make up our minds to the worst that can befall. My Sydney is in her bridal dress— sheeny satin and forest-like lncc — and I havo clasped on tho diamonds mysolf, though she laughs at mo for wanting her to wear them, and says they are too fine for. Lady Susan. I havo a fancy for seeing her jiist as she was on her marriage morning, but sho looks 'even sweeter, for she is not so pale. I con Id look at her all nigh tand never tiro, nnd It is just ns well that I have thnt gratification, for other amusements at Lady Susan's havo I none. It Is all very stately, very dull, very awful. ' ' Respectable and stupid. What did I toll you ?' says Sydney, wisely. A little bad music, a great deal of dreary conversation ; twice as many people as the rooms will hold, who come and go in bril liant attire. Sydney need not have beon afraid of being too gorgeous. I elbow my way with difficulty to tho refreshments and procure a tepid fragment of pink ice, floating upon a sea of its melted self, and this delicacy I grimly bring back to Sydney. I'oor little sweetheart I While I am still afar off I see her sittingdesolatcand pensive, with a tired and perplexed look on her dear face. .' My poor child, you are bored to death, and no wonder I' I say, as I reach her side. ' Let us make our cscapo as soon as possible.' She looks at me dreamily and asks in an absent sort of way, — ' Harry, what was that extraordinary noise ? Did you hear it just now ?' 'J ; Noise?' I say, with mild irony. .'Well, yes, I should think so ; tbo infernal gabble is enough to deafen one.' 'Oh, no, not that; I don't mean any ordinary noise, but such a strange, sobbing sort of cry that sounded above everything else, a wild kind of wail — tbe very saddest thing I ever heard — it almost made me cry, and yet so sweet and clear. What could it have been ?' ' That bony woman in blue and gold, like an edition of the poets, who was singing ' Roberto' just now. Her voice was certainly high enough nnd melancholy enough, but I must say its sweetness never struck me.' ' Oh, no, Harry, I don't mean that at all ; it was when no one was singing, and it was not liko singing in the least, but more like a cry at a wake than anything else. I wonder you did not hear it, and it is odd no one else seemed to notice it, though I heard it so plainly, and it was so loud and high. I wish I knew what it was.' ' Something in the street below, no doubt, unless you fancied it, which would be na wonder; this Bort of thing is enouijh to givo one the blue3. - But comc, Sydney, let us cut the whole thing and go to the theatre for an hour ; you know Aunt Susan offered us her box, and f hear there's something rather good going on.' 'Oh, yes, I should like that. It has been rather stupid, has it not?' and she brightens directly. So we retire from the festive scene and go to the theatre, where people are in convul sions of laughter over goodness knows what. For my part I can see neither head, tail, nor plot to the wholo thing; -our pursuit of pleasure is not crowned with success to. night' . Sydney laughs a little, but does not seem mucli interested ; and presently she turns to me, looking pale and unhappy, and says, im ploringly, — 'My dear boy, don't be vexed withjne;-! know you will think me a dreadful goo3e, but just then I had auch a fright; I am almost surd I saw Mr. ' Fitzgerald in that corner by the wall ; he was looking up with those dreadful wild eyes of his, and tbe moment I looked at him he turned and went out. He was in some kind of a dark cloak, and looked so odd I. But I am almost sure I could not mistake those eyes I' 'But, my darling, I thought you said he wasn't in England,' I remonstrate. ' Neither he was ; he was abroad, but it was so like him, and it gave me such a ter riblo.shock ! Don't think me a goose, Harry, plens'e.' ' I'll tell you what I do think. I think you arc tired out, and wc should be far better off in our own comfortable room than in listening to all this rubbish ; come along, there'a a dear child ;' -and I put her fleecy wraps around her nnd take her away; But midway along the corridor she stops short, and looks np into my face. ' There, Harry I' she says, earnestly— 'there it is ngain, that long,' wailing cry. How very strange I Surely you must have heard that?' ' Why, Sydney, it is mere fancy !' I say, shaking her gently. 'If I don't mind I shall have you ill. You're nervous, tired, and cxcitcd. I shall not be easy in my mind till you are at home and have taken something and without moro ado I get her down stairs and back to our hotel as quickly as I can. Once in onr cosy room, Sydney recovers her usual spirits. I make her drink a gla=s of wine and sit by the fire, and 'she is Inugh ing merrily nt her own foolishness, when there is a tap at the door, and a waiter comc3 to tell me that ono of my brother officers ia waiting to see mc in the coffee-room on im portant business, and refuses to come. up stairs. ' Oh, bother Frampton 1' I say, with a groan. ' What, a timo of night to come and disturb one I Comc up here, indeed I I should I think it a great pieco of chcek if he didl I don't like leaving you, Sydney I' ' Oh, don't mind that, dear boy. I am all right now, I'll toll you what, I will put away the 'family jools' and take down my hair while you are . gone, and then come back and brush it here while you have a pipe. May 1 1 ' ' ' May you ? Of course you may anything ; that is, if if you don't object to the smell of tobacco amoug your golden locks.' ' Oh, no ; and we can havca nice chatover the fire. Don't be gone long.' ' Not a second longer than I can help.!' ' If I grow sleepy before you como back I shall lie down and wait for you ; but'mind you wake me. I want to sit with you while you smoke.' - ' All right. Has your maid gone to bed? ' ' Yea, I told her she need not sit up.' ' Very well, then ; I'll go down to Framp ton. Mind, if a ghost should make its appear ance you can receive it with tho celebrated dagger ; I saw it on yourdrcssing-table when we went out. I took it to cut the string round your flowers.' ' Don't bo silly I ' nnd she pauses with her hand on her bed-room door, to return the kiss without which I cannot yet leave her forten seconds. Frampton is waiting in tho coffco-rooni profuse in apologies for troubling mo. ' At such a time of ' oil others, ray dear fellow I Wouldn't have had it liappen for the world ! What will Mrs. St. Maur think of me ? ' etc. . Ilowcvor, his business really is important, and do what I will, it, ia nearly threcquar tera of an hour, nnd very near midnight, when I see liia broad Bhoulders tako tliemselvea oil. Poor little Sydney I she will be tired to death waiting for me, and I dash up stairs to make up for lost time. Sydney is not in the outer room, however, nnd I pause for a moment with my' back to tho fire, nnd smile as I think I need not have raced so frantically after nil. Then I re member what she said nbout lying down, and [ move towards- the bod- room to see if alio had fallen asleep,' when my eye falls upon the 'family jools' lying in a dazzling heap upon the table. Careless littlo woman ? Any 0110 might have como in and carried them off and she not n bit tho wiser. I stoop to gntlipr them up.' Something else is lying near them —something almost ns bright as they. With an indescribable sensation I behd nearer and seo thnt it is the Corsiean sheath I know so well — the quaint, curious black and gold sheath wound nbout with a long shilling tress of golden hair, so smooth, so fine, so sunuy it can only be from one head in nil the world. Why docs my blood turn to ice, nnd my heart ceases suddenly to boat as 1 take it in my hand and see that something is smeared upon the freshly severed edges— something wet and warm nud red, o0(i Somehow I reach the next room nnd dash opon the door ; sbmchow I cross the floor and nm beside the white bed, where, nil iu her pure, dainty bridal' robes, her beautiful hair floating nbout her like n golden veil, lies my love, my treasure, my blue eyed darling, my bride of a week, so still, so silent, so deathly white, with a long, sharp knife in her heart ! 