flotzs oi the Jftcmtlt, WE are glad to learn that Canon Mercer, writing from home, speaks hopefully of his health, and the benefit he is deriving fromhis visit. Elsewhere we print extracts. from a letter recently received by the Bishop. TN the Archdeaconry of Ballarat, the Ballarat Churchman has ?*? been filling a sphere of successful utility, which has continued growing since its first issue in February, 1887. Five thousand copies are circulated month by month, each issue being awaited with eager avidity and perused with keenly attentive interest. In fact, in some parishes there is almost a rush for it. In these columns we often gladly express our own hearty obligations to it, as its issue always precedes our own by at least a week. We should like to see the more distant and scattered Archdeaconries contribute a regular monthly letter to its pages. Possessing such central circulation, this feature would be educating and helpful to parochial readers in and around Ballarat. No stone should be left unturned in efforts to keep our Church folk at the centre of the diocese well posted up as to the varied phases of struggling Church life in other parts. This might do something towards weakening the prevalent congregational spirit. We have to announce that Archdeacon Julius has transferred the editorship of the Ballarat Churchman to the Rev. Geo. Sutton, by whom it has been accepted, and to whom in future all communications should , be addressed at 12 Dawson-street N. , Ballarat. i A RCHDEACON Julius, we rejoice to say, has now recovered i -£*- from his severe illness. He has just returned to Ballarat after a short stay with Mr. S. Winter Cooke at Tahara. TN several English Dioceses of late years efforts have been made ?*? to encourage the clergy in maintaining habits of regular study and- devotion, in the spirit of their ordination vows. 'The Pastoral Order of the Holy Ghost,' projected and developed so admirably for the parochial clergy in Lichfield Diocese, with the saintly inception and devoted guidance of Bishop Maclagan, and the ' Society of Sacred Study,' perhaps less definite and stimulating in character, in the Diocese of Gloucester and Bristol. In addition to such as these have been various clerical reading societies, with lists of books and scales of fines. A scheme of kindred character is now being launched amongst ourselves. It is to be called ' The Society of Sacred Study' for the clergy and laymen resident in the diocese. Its formation is largely due to our Bishop's counsel and approval, whilst many of the pre liminaries owe their origin to the zeal of the Rev. R. J. E. Hay man, of Branxholme. We print elsewhere the rules and constitution, which clearly show that the society, if heartily supported, must be very beneficial in stimulating methodical and continuous theological study, combined with regular daily private devotion. We are informed that up to date fifteen clergy and three readers have joined. It will be noticed that no fines are to be imposed. This omission has been made on deliberation for various reasons. It will also be observed that the lay members will be expected to undertake a similar systematic amount of study as their clerical brethren. Our ' readers' are specially , considered in this regulation as the most likely laymen to be enrolled, and as thosewhom our society ought to greatly benefit. rpHE Parochial Mission in Melbourne is to be held from 14th -1- July to 23rd July. Three of the missioners are from our own diocese, Archdeacon Julius going to Christ Church, South Yarra; Archdeacon Cooper to 'St. John's; and the Rev. Wil loughby Flower to St. Mary's, North Melbourne. rilHE proposed amalgamation of the Superannuation Funds of ?*-- the two Victorian Dioceses seems farther off than ever. Nearly twenty of the Melbourne subscribers cannot be induced to concur in the proposal, and in face of this the Bishop in Council of that diocese feel unable to proceed further with the desired fusion. TN addition to the removal of Canon Lewis to Carlton, which -*- ^ takes place in July, Carisbrook has become vacant by the .resignation of the Rev. J. Onyons, which took place on the 25th April, and Majorca will shortly become vacant by the acceptance on the part of the Rev. W. K. Forbes of a post at East Mel bourne. It is singular that three adjoining parishes should be vacated almost simultaneously, and great embarrassment will necessarily be occasioned thereby: One more change we have to record in the approaching removal of the Rev Geo. Pennicott to Melbourne, where he has accepted the curacy of St. Mary's, North Melbourne. TCTORTY-FOTJR delinquents among our Lay Representatives ! ?*? Canon Cummins' stringent address to the laity appears in this issue ; we extract it from the current number of the Ghurcli man. It is well, no doubt, to draw attention in plain terms to our position at the present time ; but in bringing our lay repre sentatives of Assembly to book it ought in fairness to be pointed out that possibly several subscriptions do not get accounted for separately in the Organising Secretary's list, if they be paid to ladies collecting in the ' parochial auxiliaries.' Let us hope that some contributors whose moneys are merged into the aggregate of a local 'ladies' auxiliary' may be removed from 'the roll of the delinquents who are missing from the list of subscribers, and thus reduce the startling record of the ' forty-four.' ? | 