DEAD MAN'S ROCK. A RoxuaN? or Q BOOK I. . - THE QUEST-OF THE GREAT RUBY. CHAPTER IX (CoNTINrED) OaGTAIN~ TBE SEC1SD PART OF SI FM! ATgE'S JOUISAL, SBTrtNG F IBTH HIS ADVZNTUBES IN THE ISLIND OF .dYLOS. .4 'I almost wept 6ith wrath. I tore the turf in my franzy, aid felt as oan who would fain curse Gjd al;tdie. But after a while my psuioo eptonttself. I sat up and reflected that af(ter at r first direction might have bsen th right one ; 'at ay rae, I would ary and expl re i taoroogsly. Too instructions wr prhcie, and had been con t irmed in the materof the tee Evidently the person thst wrote them had been upon a the Peak, and what. if they wera lies, was to a be gained by the cheat I ' 1 pulled oan the pirchment again and read it through; then etarseJ to mr feet with 6 treen energy. I wAs just leaving the little lawn and returning down my pitho when it I strack me that -he bauh on my left hand was i of'a curious shape. It see?ied a mere tingled knot of creepers covered wilhtse , white hl.Bseom, and rose to about mry o ti a height. Carelessly I thorut my stick into; ti mass. when ite pontjarred upon--s;one I Yes, stone i In a moment my knife was c oat and I was down on hands and knee , cutting and tearing at the tendrils. Some of them were fall three inches thick, but I a sloshed and tuggel, with breath that came b and went immoderately fast, with bleediag a hands and thumping heart, until lictle by h little the stons was bared and its outlines a revealed themselves. ' But s they grew distinct and I saw what t Ihad uncovered, I fell baok in terror. rhe stone was aboun five feet ten inches in y height, and was rou4hly shaped to prep ent t a human head and neck. Bat the f.oe it I was that frize my heated bliod in horror. Never until I die shall I forgot that hellish expnresion. It wes the smoothly-ihaven face a of i man of aboat fifty year of age. roeghtl carved after the fashion of many of the rmins on tis monntain. , Bat whoever fashiooed it, the arirt. must h've been a fend. If ever B maieUaut hate wes expressed in form. it stood before me. Even the blank papils made the malevolence seem bat the more nodying. Every f-atnre, every line. was horrible, every t-nch of the chisel had added a tresh grace ut devilishspite. It we simply Evil petrified. ' A this awful face, bared of the innocent creeper that for years had shrolded its ugi. I nose from the light of day, confronted me, a d feeling of such repulsion overcame me that r, for several minutes I could not touch it. The " neck was loosely sot in a ort of socket fixed o in the eath ; this was al te monster' ii pedestal. I saw that itbarely needed a man's tj strength to lend it toppling over. Yet for o ioment I could snmmon up none. At lsngth o I pat my hands to i, and with an effort sent it crashing over amid the brushwood.. SThe trough is which this coloeasl head bad rested was about four feet in dep:b, and f, narrowed towards the bottom. I putdown I my hand and drew out-a human th gbobone. t The touck of this would have turned me siak j again. had not se statue's face already ar- - feiwed me with horror. As it was, I was : nerved for any. . ight. The passion of my d aieovery was.upon me, and I tosed- the ,moolderins bo?? out to ,is.-.atd le t. g ' .Bat eay. Torneeemed a great maoy i a the rouah S rnsl'tlte& w» th. third thibh- d bone tna I hel. now in my hand. Ye.:s,!ad ia helow close to the bottom -of the trou?h. 1y a tio salls aide by side. There wer two. a thel, baried here The parchmaun bed only in spoken of one. 'Bat I had no time to con sider about this What I a-ught now was bes cret, andas Itook up th second akuil I caght the gleam of metal underneat i I put in my hand and drew out abnekio ot , gold. t1 'This buckle le formed of two pieces, boaud to either end of a thin belt of roten lnen. and united by hook and socket. I whole dimensiones e bot 3n. a 2in.., but Inside its oarioelyr oarved border it i enrely covered with writin mn rde English oh b racter. The narowig funnel of the trough ad kept itfrom being crushe by the statn., whioh bited into a rim rnoning round the i interior. Byond the bucke and the te skeletons there was nothig in the trough ; but I looked for nothi else. Here, in my hands, lay the ecret of the Great Ruby of c Ceylon; my finger clutched the wealth of prinoee. My journey bad ended. and the richee of the th were in my grasp. Fortetful of my uides, forgetful of the b ight of time, mindful of nothing but the golden buckle, last down by the rim of the a troug and began to decipber the writing The inscription. a far as Icon'd Rather, ran i fight across the claep. It could be rad -eaily enough, and contained accurate dire tions for searchinr in some spot, ht where that spot wa it did not real. It mibt be lose tothe statue; and I was abot o tart u andu make the astempt :when I thought aain ofthe parchmet Palling it from my pocket, I-read: '' . beneath this ston e l -ret the Gcr t fthe at Ruby and yet not all, for the rest in graven on the Key which shaUI be already, entruted to low Thees precautions have taken that none may surprise thi Secret bat its right poe elosor. . a .1 'Now my fathmer' will had ezpe dyir eooined on pain of his dying cune, that thi e houd not be moved from it plae until the Trenoweth who went to seek the treasurs should hav returned and crossed the threshold of Lntrig. Ooesequeniy the rnby was not buried on Adam's Peak, or to return for the key would have been so much labour asted. Consequently. also, the lgoden buckle was valueless to anobodybbu bam who knew the rest of my father's injunctions. Although not yet n my hand, the Great Ruby was mine. I was folding p the brckle with the parchment before rejoining te guides, when a Carious thin happened. ,The snn had climbed high into heaven whilst I was absorbed in my search, and was now floading he litle-'lawm with light.' In my excitemmnt I hiad hear damend' a otlg, i? sotr noeod Shs t the het'- as growing uast sun and ewasoahin meibnlently. with a serious smile which grew as our efe. met. How long he hid b an themI could not gues, but I the striM tees- f meeting him ou this epo and the occaption in which I wase arprid. I diecompeised me not a little. Hastily throutic back the buckle and the narchmesot i tnut my pocke I scrambled tomy feet and stood facin him. Even a I did so, all Mr. endersan's warnings came dshiug into myr *.For fall bat e minte we tood, oanlonoling each other without a word He was still atanding in the fall blaze of' theu snliihi, with ths .ame odd emile noon his face. and a peculiar light in hie dark aryee 'that naever swerved for a moment: Finally hbe Rave a low laugh and noddinglightly, said ' Odd thing our meeting like this. eh. Hand of Fate or some sucb thing mignt ne mixed up in it from the way we run'across each otter's path' . 'IaI.soted. ' o" Qeer. too, you'll allow, that we ahmuld both be struck wih the fancy fir atrending thi- mountain. Veryfew Eoropeanu do itr. sol'mtold. m-'on myway up. areyoun No? Coming down and takinl thing 'easily, to judge byr the -way I found .you oc-upied."-.- " ,' Wa the man mockingl me ?.- Or hidbe, afier all, no suapiciuni I His voiceewa .ofi aud pleasantas *vyr, nor could 'I deet a' trace of irony Je in tone. Batr Iwesoamy. go a rd . " " - - ' . "- - " ' • : ,- ' ' , "Thir Peak seems trws with thehbndi work of the heathen, he emstinued ' Bat really you aeem"o 'be in luck's way. I cou cmratslate yoo. Whaset' this.! Skeletns, bh ! Upo mty word, Trenoweth. you've aneuarthm I at easur e. -And uthit ' A tatue?. Well." Sit'I, a queer, plac to' come hnnting fnr statuel, bhnt you've picked up asn ugly-looking b ehrar in all concienoe I '" -" e had advanced to sh- hehdi which lay n the rank herbagepchre and leave i hideous Sbapi this to heaven. Preopical e, even into and said- th e interell of scier bnce." l. . The Sfellowh this he knelt down sad beghan to t gather-owed my fdre-verently, as I though- thmplimenary of him. I mheap, and replace them you sethe like nestombs This dose, be kicked up a lmp or ' 'It was solemn truth. Feature by feature that atr froum the litatee as imp a repreeoduc it' down sps a them,, humming to+ hleaeltr all she while. Fiveti's he rose I tared turned amaement to ward+ me-- . . . . is " Yeeed more andcuse more. marvellouwth. It \----timental, no donbs, bat I have conceived hakind of respect for these remaince. b efore. os, for exame, eac, this ie was really and poerag terated to produce the utter malignity of ithen thx deceasedion. But the face was thevery like me. I foracive ofhim Colliver. Nobodr caricturiny could hatures now; were him a handsome, it man, ight befo diren. But this pI had found Colliver not unp'easant to look upon. Now this fiiently oute of the statue'w face seemed to have releted tlacelf upon him I mant againsthea tree for support, and psassed my ha id across my brow as if to banish a fearful dream. Bum i was, no dreamto andk howhen chanced oned thiso spoeak a my it I ,could see lthrking bentheath thead asumed ethingpr moving aofthe hcman aet, the evil pasiowed the sound out ofwickedness engraved poand the stone. apn s Well , whe remarked it'rsaeranrgs world ; tnd. t'ea wtonderful+ though%, too, that this hva be the grave of some prm:eah. You seemed distressed, Trenowath, Sorely I if anycetor of mine, have who righoamed this peak foryed. Buti daily food-ur ancestor of oian eal carry yourt anc, too far. Iin hisardly fairy, to jdge these poori remains from their s-.ptichre and leave them fito bleach beneath this tropical kn, even in omethe integ reout of science.: to-da facetoface with thise day before knelt down and began tao gather-v beaury of reverently, as I thdid not know i aos pnrsui of yourheapS, and repa gladce to seeir tomb. Theefis doely recovered ofup oaillnesmpor s o take-of turf from the littlGoodbe lawnfor theand preasend [it down upo i them,' hamminlg to .himoself all I she while. Finally he-rose and turned again' a t m obliged to be cautios in akin fare wel You'll excuso, fore me, Taenoweth. It's of sentimental, no doubtedl. Sobu at I have oneived no and moviog for th8 summit. I'll 8+s y a kind of odbrespect for he prtheset We mains. Sapwell peav, for example, this fimage where ias r; the dead won't trAddio, Trenowef this, and thepair. Why, then the deceased was very like me. I forgive htmf four fucaricaturingme researcheatures now; were e ' Halive, it might be different. But thim sinplaceinc is sufficiently out. of the way to prevent one t reaesnblance being noted by. many.'' By thee way, be wefatrgat to ask how you which he hanced often this 1 usput. on the outward voyage Sig e !1 roytdeu rans8 a my lads; ; at his red.red lpw .. . oe The iong movdied awayng in the thicketance before f movlowed. he sounI ad out hardlf opened my lip came upon you. inerviewell, nd now ait'd much adonge wo believe id s a wnderealityrf. Bat' thuge newh. toroed that this may he the grave of come primevalr a ncestor of mine who roamed this. A horror his the place seized mest; Ior of some imshpoddert anu, too, in his day, to judgface byand athed fromai the SpOt. leaving she silent creepers to veil ficen more of that awful likenest from the eesI something out ofrdpon thise to-day face?o tI came gpqlJP?t er and Peal, who were seeking me high dwith the day before yeswriterday. Bu that'sr es beauty ofs my aeology. I did nobet know itod, was a pursuit oef ready, and am glad to aee you are sufficiently recovered '-of your'itlness to take it up again. -toodbye for the prsdescent. Of our I am obligedown to he Pcautious in taking fare xwell of youtha, forlam we haveI such a habid of meeting mnep ,ctedly. So ides iI m havure. to he? no erand moving for the whsummit. I'll say Good-bye for the prIemen We may -wel nohi i leave ithis image whefore its; the heat wonts mtss it. and-it's handy by. at any Oast. I Addio, Trenoweit+ and the tbut of ldck to o your future reeesrches." --- H'e was gone. I could hear him singing as e wena strane song which he had oftenome, pok , boks downthai Kilu-gangs rivei so umature, sng on the outwarveed voyage- h by Pai sierto forColomboe.dadma' ., ad . alec !e fr te dead ur' s now l com-, ished; a nd it lly . m e to haste. home w.ish nll epeed. Bat I am feeling earlngely nThel s I write away in the distance before uI m oved. I had hardl y opened my lipsd duringk the interview, and now bad much ado e to believthe isn a reality., but the newidl.turfedthat swful irage, must have stacted it; Or grave was vouher enough for this. Ae h worror a me out If I am goiog to locks• I must bideI of the place seiet would be I cast one shudder.r it wt thg Journallook at the giany rate foand rushed frtime, some the spot, leaving she silent creepers tin bo baonce more thatwills awful likeness from the eyesd of day. r "As I emerged-upon the track again I came L tsppPoterandPaol~whoworeeeeking me highd d low, with dismay written upon their f faces. Exc'using my absence as beet I could,f I stdeclaredn myself ready, cin spwrite no mory ankle,' NTAINe alTH ThaIteD AND LAST Adescent. Of ourT AT journey down the Peak I need ay tle, MUTIN3? ON BOARD T~E ]BELLW FOBTONE. except 19t-Strange thas I washerever I urprised amnd hospitably entertuned I' recompense m exhausted my gfallion illd in my burry. Of them mt dangers and difficulties which been living ambr. the gaet of d~ash, smitten down with a sore -se?koeoua. It seems t e iongelnpoethuagre xd werpt inthes oel of themy jfrsay to he Peat was alrew me -ino sui eable ; out of this I shouldwuldhar of no daily . -stit 'we rseeeed'Ratuapnots. Hers, tst have. of retoviaed, were ias not for m heod, I -bhat oownar the balgaega river o Csturhs and ahenessiravelitd' along the coast by Pen. iara. so Colonbo. ' made a hid wreck of mey ine; twice, wae m pmshed in ad fair waonly to recovermains to hasen my with all spe. But I am feeling strangelye miunwell as I write this. My head Mr. Eversh Idlly recovessred me that my blow at Bombay more thI a think the hours during which I remained ex- r pnose been desared to th of-sun rays, by thee wf that awful rensge msto have affected it. Or hope' I T bm t anku o dGd fr eo aeHlul perhapi hgme poor life, the more so becaworne me ouet. how worty am going o iken Ito appear my iecret. It woold- beasafer to'bury itwithb the Journale at any rat fo ime, e. , I kust I did not betray my secret in my weedermlo." +Mr. Everaleigh sllIs me I talked there n the gardet he. I have a times-nbot ruboxe anod se~lesons, and a cersalain dreadfal fatce from which I wse etruggtln to escape. But the wecarist of my joanwertheurnal and the -My boldead clasp, which I recovered to dar, somewhat ris givingred me agony. I can write no morwlk in the.' \- CHLPTER L oogarden for abort apN day, but not T yATHIagS JOURNfAL axrflvu PORTS THtE MoTohl? ON BOARD THC BMLLU FRoaUocs. 'Junile 19-Strange thatI found wherever I amfo m hospitablyd. Ican hardly dead Ibe my emotionse my ona by faing ill in hisa honed Sin my lousd. t Posir ra Ihia boee ur ionh sha e mi at bthe gate of dein at mh, smitten down. 1 with a sore sickness. It seems that the longexposnre tand weariness of my j o-iey to the Pa to threw me into a fever ;oat of this I sbould soon have recovered, were inot venot for my headnh to which 1 fea wial never be wholly ight again. That osrdly blow upon Malabar hilt has bear of Mr 8 .rtinmg ir omy l;'en C nai tion. made a aind wreck of me; twie, whet. el seemed in a fair way to recovery, has my mind entirely given way. 'Mr. Everlelnh indee aare me thatrn my life ?as more thun nac been despairedt of-tend thead whati would have beomhe of poor Kargery ?n 1S hope I am thankful to God for so mercifully sparing my poor life, the more so because, oe scous haow unworthy I am to appears before Him. Io? trus I did not betray my secret in my waderono Mat. Evereuleigh tes a e i talked she slraongedt uff ath times-about rubpes and e ole o and e certa l de-readful face choice4--an ant ndswer due so enaiee Mr. from which I was strgglinge to sape e Bute theo suthe reit d ofy una ad toes golent trhe secluit . of y sju tl on the hole hen ocla whieh i reverered tayd copsmewat o his end off keein her crlttew lnger, b reassuredamed a allowehad to walod thero eoldenfora shn onrt patc evaryt d ay.ove hio unlcho-day hasv I fundistrng to dig frn oeen fiedng Bl Fortita .endsund.ea nd of aem, bse gat ?-odt ms?nmorite . 1wi nwer te her Ssmoip S p?ro-t least I Sta bei my lete tbo morrow, ford ¢oI, sa~not hav strenwt toer I It-Ine ndayteen n owa!. - - oght notah o heowritidong hutk . canrnit foahearmaherga enr inl my precovred je~ourn~al; tonly .. to reor m yFii? Tbesecftti?na' so Heat~ f~ogenmy J u he o2.-r avb wrile hor e no?ybu hsal s tauwb I nsael aiesera?eleor Msra*e Evealwgh, hhonm Iaso vey krd ome. sthons. . noa hvearety asomfrt auderesonu will nto.h. hea of my~l aor acting .intl my l rsientcnditionu?. I1 wonder in whakt part o sth worldS m Oullner 'Jlyboth-dh athis wearyF waicotng Sohell SndThe+ dotor' say is that ve only mae myelf fa m? ; .Iwote tomete lgtif-tmy tleer? one.d making as light of. say llnee ae I could,a.* saying nothing of the basins on Malabar HilL That will beet be told bee when she has me home again, and can hold my hbund feeling' that? I am secure. ' July 8 -I have been down again to'day to see the Belle Fortune. I forgot to say she belonged to Measrs.. Vincent and Hert, of Bristol, and is bound for that port.. Theonly other passengers are a Dr. Concanen and his wife; who are acquaintances of Mr. Evers. leigh. Dr. Coucanen is a physician with a good practice in Colombo, or was, as his wife' delicate health has forced him to throw up hie employment here and return to England. Mr. Eveanleigh introduced me to them this morning on the BeIle Fortune. The husbandi is almost as tall as my host, and looks a man of great strength. Mrs. Concanen is frail and worn, but very lovely. To- day she seemed so ill that I offered to give up my cabin, which is really much. more com fortable thnu theirs. Buat she would not hear of it. insisting that I was by'far the greater invalid, and that a sailing vessel would quickly set her right again, especially a vessel bound for England.. Altogether they promi?e to be most pleasant companiouns. I forgot to say that Mrs. Concanen is tnking a native maid home to act as her nurse. ' July 11.-We etart in a week's time. 1 halda long talk with Captain Holding to. day; he hopes to make a fairly quick passage, but says that he is short of hands. I have not seen the Councanene since. * July 16.-We sail to-morrow afternoon. I have been down to make my final arrange mneute, and find my cabin much to my liking. Captain Holding is still short of hands. * July 17, 7.30 p.m.-We castoff our warps shortly, after 4 o'clock, and were quickly running homeward at about seven knots an hour. The Concatinas stood on deck with me watching Ceelon grow dim on the horlzon. As the proud cone of Adam's Peak faded softly an slowly into the evening's mis.t, and so vanished, as I hope, for ever out: of my life, I could not forbear returning thanks to Providence, which has thus far watched over me so wonderfully. There is a fair tbreeze, and the hands, though short, do their work well to all appearance.. There were only fifteen yeaterday, three having b .eu missed for about a week before we eailed, butr I have not yet seen Captain Holling to ask him if he made up his number of h?inds at the last moment. Mtre. Concanen has invited me to their cabin to have a'chat about Eagland.' 'July 18.-I am more disturbed than I care roown by a, very carious discovery which I made this morning. As I issued on deck I saw a man atanding by the forecastle, whose beck seemed familiar to me. Presently be surned, and I saw him- to be Simon CoUlliver, le has most strangelyaltered his appearance being dressed now as a common.sailor, and weariug rings in his ears, as the custom is. Catching eight of me he came forward with a pleasant smile and explained himself. ' "It is no manner of Uise, Trenoweth; we're fated to moet. You did not expect to see me bitein this getup ; but I learns last night that yon were on board. You look as hough you bad een a ghost. Don't stare so, man-I should say ' sir' now, I eauppose-it's onfy another of fortune's rube. I fell ill after that journey to the Peak, and although Railton naised me like a woman-he's an good fellow, and not as rough as you would expect-I woke up out of my fever to find all themoney gone. I'm a fellow of resource, Trenoweth, so I hit on the idea of working my passae home ;, by good luck I found the Belle Fortune was bhortiof hands, offerel my services, was accepted-hbaving been to sea before, you know-sold my old clothes for this costume-must dress when one is acting a part-and here I am." ."Is Rdhlcon with you ?" I asked. * "Oh, yes; similarly attired. I did not see you yesterday, being busy wi'h the cargo, so that it's allithe more pleasant to meet here. But work is the order of the day now. You'll give me a good character to the captain, 'won't you? Good-bye for the pre?ent." I cannot tell how much this meeting has depressed me. Certainly I have no reason for disbelieving the man'r story, but the frequency and straugenes of our meetings make it hard to believe them altogether accidental. I saw Railton in the afternoon; he Is greatly altered for the worse, and, I ssould think, had been drinking heavily before he. shipped; but the captain was evidently too short of hands to be particular. IthinkI will.ive the Concanene my tinbox I to hide in their.cabin. Of c mrse, I can traas eheme:aud this will bafil theft; .the clasp I I iill'wearsabUti't me. Tais se a happy- ide, j I will go toiteir cabin and ask them.' It Is half-past 9-p m.,- ud thue wind stilt faitr, I believe. . -'July 20 -We have so far kept up an average?speed ofat seve knota and a half an boar, and Captain Holding thinks we shall even mak*better sailing when the hands are more accustomed to their work. I spend my time mostly with the Conranens, who readily, by the way, undertook the care of my tin box, and find them the most agreeable of fellow.travellers. Mrs Concanea has a verr sweet voice, and her hausban - has learnt to accompany is on the guitar, so theat altogether we spend very pleasant evenings. . ro (To i co:erroan.) I 