THE NOVELIST. THE ARGONAUTS OF NORTH LIBERTY. BF BBET HABTE, Author of "The Luck of Soaring Camp" "The Iliad of Sand; Bar,' " In the Carqmnez Woods," Ac. GHAPrBE V. The last note of the Angelas had just rang out of the crumbling fissures in the tower of the Mission Chapel of San Buenaventura. The snn, which had beamed that day, and indeed every day for the whole dry season, over the red-tiled roofs of that old and hap pily ventured pueblo, seemed to broadento a smile as it dipped below the horizon, as if in undiminished enj'oyment of its old practical joke of suddenly plunging the Southern Cali fornia coast in darkness without any prelimi nary twilight. The olive and fig trees at once lost their characteristic cutlines in formless masses of shadow; only the twisted trunks of the old pear-trees in the mission garden retained their grotesque shapeB and became gruesome in the gathering gloom. The en circling pines beyond closed np their serried -fileB; a cool breeze swept down from the coaBt range, and, passing through them, sent -their day-long heated spioes through the tower. If there was any truth in the local belie -that the pious incantation of the Angelu bell bad the power of excluding all evi influence abroad at that perilous hour within its audible radius, and comfortably keeping all unbelieving wickedness at a distance, it was presumably ineffective as regarded the innovatory stage ooaoh from Monterey that twice a week at that honr brought its -qneBtion-askiog, revolver-persuading, and fortane-seeking load of passengers through -the sleepy Spanish town. On the night of August 8, 1856, it had not only brought bat set down at the Fosoda one of those pas sengers. It was a Mr. Ezekiel Corwin. formerly known to these pages as "hired man" to the late Squire Blandford, of North Liberty, Connecticut, bnt now a shrewd, practical, self-snfficient and eelf-asBerting unit of the more cautious later Californian immigration. As the stage rattled away again with more or less humorous and open disparagement of the town and the Poaoda from the outsiders, he lounged with lazy but systematic deliberation towards Mateo Horez, the proprietor. "1 gueBB that fiome of your toiks here couldn't direct me to Dick Demorest'e house, could ye?" The Sefior Mateo Morez was at ouoe per plexed and pained. > Pained at the ignor&noe; thus lorced upon him by a cabailero; per plexed as to his intention. Between the two he smiled apologetically but gravely, and said, "Wo Babe Stfior. I 'ave not under stood." " No more bev I," returned Ezekiel, with patronising recognition of his obtuseness. " I guess ez heow you ain't much on American. You folks orter learn the language if you ikalkilate to keep a hotel." But the momentary vision of a waistless woman with a shawl gathered over her head \- and shoulders at the back door attracted his attention. She Baid something to Mateo in Spanish, and the yellowish white of Mateo's eyes glistened with intelligent comprehen sion. "Ah, poaiblemente; it is Don Rioardo .Demorest you wish?" Mr. Bzekiel's face and manner expressed a mingling of grateful curiosity and some scorn at the discovery. " Wa'al," he said, looking around as if to take the entire Posada into •bis confidence, " Way up in North Liberty, \- where I kem from, he was alius known as Dick Demorest, and didn't tek any forrin titles to his name. Et wouldn't hev gone down there, I reckon, 'mongst free Born Merikin citizens, no more'n aliases would in court—and 1 kinder guess for the same reason. But folks get peart and sassy when they're way from hum, and put on ez many airs as a buck nigger. And so he calls hisself Don Ricardo—does he?" "The Stnor knows Don Bicardo?" said Mateo politely. "Ef you mean me—wa'al, yes—I should -say so. Be was a partiklar friend of a man I've known since he was knee-high to a grass hopper." Ezekiel had actually never seen Demorest .-but once in his liie. He would have scorned to lie, but strict acouraoy was not essential with an ignorant foreign audience. He took up bis carpet-bag. "1 reckon I kin find hie house, ef it's anyway handy." But the Senor Mateo was again politely troubled. The house of Don Ricardo was of a truth not mote than a mile distant. It wasjeven possible that the Seiior had ob served it above a wall and vineyard as be erne into the pueblo. But it was late —it was also dark, aB the Selior would himself perceive—and there wasstill to-morrow. To morrow—ah, it was always there! Mean while there were beds of a miraculous Quality at the Posada, and a supper such as a cabal lero might order in his own bouse. Health, discretion, solicitude for oneself—all pointed cle&Tly; to to-morrow. What part of this speech Ezekiel under stood affected him only as an innkeeper's bid for custom, and as such to be steadily exposed and disposed of. With the re ; mark that he guessed Dick Demorest's was "a good enough hotel for him," and that be'd better be "getting along there," he walked down the steps, carpet-bag in hand, and coolly departed, leaving Mateo pained, but smiliDg on thedoorstep. An animal with a pig's head—without doubt," said Mateo, sententiouely. "Clearly a brigand with the liver of a chicken," responded hiB wife. The subject of this ambiguous criticism, happily oblivious, meantime walked doggedly back along tbe road the stage coach had just brought him. It was badly paved and hol lowed in the middle, with the worn ruts of a century of slow undeviating ox carts, and the passage of water during the rainy season. 'The low adobe houses on each side, with ' bright cinnamon coloured tiles relieving their dark-brown walls, had the regular outlines of their doom and windows obliterated by tbe crumbling of years, nntil they looked as if they had been after-thoughts of the builder, rudely opened by piok and crowbar, and finished by the gentle auxiliary architecture of bird and squirrels. Yet these openings at times "permitted a glimpses of a picturesque past in the occasional view of a lace-edged ,pillow or silken counterpane, strioed hang ings, or dyed Indian rugs, the flitting of a flounced petticoat or flower-covered head, indolent leaning figure framed or the _ In a door - way of a man in wide velvet tronaers and crimson-barred scrape, whose brown face was partly hidden in a yellow nimbus of cigarette smoke. Even in the semi-darkness, Ezekiel'a penetrating and impertinent eyes took eager note of these facts with superior complacency, qnite un mindful, after the fashion of most critical travellers, of the hideous contrast of his own long shapeless nankeen dnster, his stiff half clerical brown straw hat, his wisp of gingham necktie, his dusty boots, his outrageous carpet bag, and bis straggling goat-like beard. A few looked at him in grave dis creet wonder. Whether they recognised in him the advent of a civilization that was destined to supplant their own ignorant, sensuous, colourful life, with auBtere intelli gence ana rigid practical improvement, did not appear. Be walked steadily on. As he passed the low arched door of the Mission Church, and saw a faint light glimmering from the side windows, he had indeed a weak human desire to go in and oppose in his own person a debased and idolatrooB supersti tion with some happily chosen question that would necessarily make the officiating priest and his congregation exceedingly uncomfor table. But ne resisted, partly in the hops of meeting some idolater on his way to Benedio tioD, and in the guise of a stranger seeking information, dropping a few unpalatable trathB: and partly because he could un bosom himself later to Demorest, whom he was not un willing to believe haa embraced Popery with his adoption of a Spanish sur name and title. It bad become quite dark when he reached the long wall that enclosed Demorest's pre mises. The wall itself excited his resent ment, not onljr as indicating an exolusiveness highly objeotionable in a man who had emigrated from a free State, but because he, Ezekiel Corwin, had difficulty in discovering the entrance. When he succeeded, he found himBelf before an iron gate, happily open, bnt savouring offensively of feudalism and tyr&nnioal; proprietorship, and passed through and entered an avenue of trees soarcely distinguishable in the darkneBB, whose mysterious shapes and feathery plumes were unknown to him. Numberless odours equally vague and mysterious were heavy in the air, strange and delicate plants rose dimly on either hand; enormous blossoms, like ghostly faces, seemed to peer at him from the shadows. For an inBtant Ezekiel succumbed to an un profitable sense of beauty, and acquiesced in this reckless extravagance of Nature that was so unlike North Liberty. But the next moment he recovered himself, with the refleotion that it was probably unhealthy, and doggedly approached the house. It was a long, one-stoned structure, apparently all roof, vine, and pillared verandah. Every window and door was open; the two or three grass hammocks swnng emptily between the columns; the bamboo chairs and settees were vacant; his heavy footsteps on the floor had summoned no attendant; not even a dog had barked as he approached the house. It was shiftless, it was sinful—it boded no good to the future Demorest. He put down his carpet-bag on the verandah and entered the broad hall, where an old-fashioned lantern wae burning on a stand. Here, too, the doors of the various apartments were open, and the rooms them selves empty of occupants. An opportunity not to be lost bv Ezekiel's enquiring mind thus offered itself. He took the lantern and deliberately examined the several apart ments, the furniture, the bedding, and even the small articles that were on the tables and mantels. When he had completed the round —including a corridor opening on a dark courtyard, which he did not penetrate—he returned to the hall, and set down the lantern again. "Well," said a voioe in his own familiar vernaonlar, "I hope you like it." Ezekiel was surprised, but not discon certed. What he had taken in the shadow for a bundle of scrapes lying on the floor of the verandah, was the recumbent figure of a man who now raised himself to a sitting pos ture. " Ez to that," drawled Ezekiel, with un shaken self-pOBsession, " whether I like it or not ez only a question betwixt kempany manners and truth-telling. Beggars hadn't oughter be choosers, and transient visitors like myself needn't alius speak their mind. But if you mean to signify that with every door and window open and universal shift lessness lying round everywhere temptin Providence, you aint lucky in havio a fellow citizen of yours drop in on ye instead of some Mexican thief, I don't agree with ye—that's all" l'be man laughed shortly and rose up. In spite of his carelesB yet picturesque Mexican dress, Ezekiel instantly recognised De moreBt. With his usual instincts he was natuially pleased to observe that he looked older and more careworn. The softer, sen buoub climate had perhaps imparted a heavi ness to his figure and a deliberation to his manner that was quite unlike his old poten tial energy. '• That don't tell me who yon are and what you want," he said coldly. "Wa'al, then, I'm Ezekiel Corwin, of North Liberty, ezused to live with my friend and yours too, I guess—seein' how the friendship was swapped into relationship Squire Blandiord." A slight shade passed over Demorest'e face. " Well," he said, impatiently, "I don't re member you; what then ?" "You don't remember me; that a likely," returned Ezekiel, imperturbably, combing hie straggling chin beard with three fingers, " but whether its nat'ral or not, coneiderin' the 8ukumstance8 when we laBt met, ez a matter of op-pinion. You got me to harness up the hosB and buggy the night Squire Blandford left home, and never was heard of again. It's true that it kem out on enquiry that the hoBB and buggy ran away from the hotel, and that you bad to go out to Warn boro' in a sleigh, and the theory is that poor Squire Blandford must have stopped the boss and buggy Bomewbere, got in and got run away agiD, and pitched over the bridge. Bat seein' your relationship to both Squire and Mrs. Blandford, and all the sukumstances, I reckoned you'd remember it." 1 heard of it in BoBton a month afterwards," said Demorest drily, " but I don't think I'd have recognised you. So you were the hired man who gave me the buggy. Well, I don't suppose they discharged yon for it." "Ao," said Ezekiel, with undisturbed equanimity. "I kalkilate Joan would have stopped that. Considering too, that I knew her when Bhe was Deaoon Salisbury's darter, and our fam'lies waz think az peas. She knew me well enough when I met her in Frisco the other day." " Have you seen Mrs. Demorest already !" said Demorest with sudden vivacity. " why didn't you say so before ?" It was wonderful how quickly his face had lighted up with an earnestness that was not, however, without seme nndefinable uneasiness. The alert Ezekiel noticed it, and observed that it was as totally unlike the irresistible dominance of the man of five years ago as it was different from the heavy abstraction of the man of five minutes before. " I reokon yon didn't ax me," he returned, coolly. " She told me where you were, ana as I had business down this way she guessed I might drop in." " Yes, yeB—it's all right, Mr. Corwin; glad you did," said Demorest, kindly but half nervously. " And you saw Mrs. Demorest ? Where did you see her, and how did yon think she was looking? As pretty as ever, eh ?" But the coldly literal Ezekiel was not to be beguiled into any polite or ambiguous fiction, de Be even went to the extent of insulting < liberation before he replied—'" I've seen Joan Salisbury lookin' healthier, and ez farez I kin judge doin' more credit to her stock and raisin' gin'rslly," he said, thoughtfully comb ing his beard, "and I've seen her when she was too poor to get the silks and satins, fur belows, fineries and vanities she's flauutin' in now, and that was in Squire Blandford's time, too, J reckon. f£z to her pnrtiness, that's a matter of taste. You think her pnrty, and I guess them fellows ez was escortin' and squirm' her round Frisco thought so too. or she thought they did to hev allowed it." " you are not very merciful to your towns folk, Mr. Corwin," said Demorest, with a forced smile; " bnt what can 1 do for you ?" It was the turn for Kzekiel's face to brighten, or rather to break up, like a oold paBBionlesB mirror suddenly cracked into various amusing but distorted reflections on the person before him. " Townies ain't to be fooled by other townies, Mr. Demorest; at least that ain't my idea 'o marcy, he, he. But seen you're presBin', I don't mind tellen you my business. I'm the only agent of Seventeen Patent Medicine Proprietors in Connecticut, represented by the firm of Dil worth &Dusen6erry;,of SanFranciBoo. Mebbe you beard of 'em 'afore—A I druggists and importers. Wa'al I'm openin a field for 'em ana spreadin' 'em gin'rally through these air benighted and onheoltby distriots, havin' the contract for the hull State— especial! far Wozun's Universal Injin Panacea ez cures everything—bein' had from a recipe given by a Saohem to Dr. Wozun's gran'ther. That bag—leavin' out a dozenr paper collars and socks—is all the rest samples. That's me Ezekiel Corwin—only agent for Californy, and that's my mission." " Very well, bat look here, Corwin," said DemoieBt, with a alight return of bis off-hand manner, "I'd advise you to adopt a little more oaution and a little less criticism in your speech to the people about here, or I'm afraid you'll need the Universal Panacea for yourself. Better men than you have been shot in my presence for half your freedom." 11 gueBs you've just hit the bullseye there," iliea F replied Ezekiel, coolly, "for it's that half freedom and half truth that doesn't pay. I kalkilate gen'rally to speak my hull mind— and I do. Wots the oonsequence? Why, when folks find I aint afeard to speak my mind on their affairs, they kinder guess Pm tellin' the truth about my own, Folks don't like the man that truokles to 'em, whether it's in the Bellin' of a box of pills or a prin ciple. When tbey re-oognise Ezekiel Corwin aint goingtolieabout'emto curry favour with 'em they're ready to believe he aint going to lie about Jones' Bitters, or Wozun's Panacea And. wa'al, I've been on the road just about a fortnit. and 1 haven't yet discovered that the original independent style introduced by Ezekiel Corwin ever broke anybody's boneB or didn't pay." >ld t And he told the truth. That remarkably unfair and unpleasant spoken man had aotually frozen Hanley's Ford into icy astonishment at his audacity, and he had sold them an invoice of the Panacea before they had recovered; he had ineulted Chipitaa into giving an extensive order in bitters; he had left Hayward's Creek pledged to Burne's Pills—with drawn revolvers still in their hands. At another time Demorest might have been amused at his guest's audacity, or have combated it with his old imperiousness, but he only remained looking at him in a dull sort of way as if yielding to his influence. It was part of the phenomenon that the two men seemed to have changed character since they last met, and when Ezekiel said confi dentially, " I reckon you're (join' to show me what room I ken stow these duds o' mine in," Demorest replied hurriedly. "Yes, cer tainly," and, taking up his guest's carpet hag, preceded him throagh the hall to one of the apartments. "I'll send Manuel to you presently," he said, putting down the bag mechanically, " the servants are not back irom Church, it's some Saint's festival to-day." " And so you keep a pack of lazy idolators toltave your house to take care of itself whilst they worship graven images," said Ezekiel, delighted at this opportunity to improve the occasion. "If my memory isn't bad, Mr. Corwin,' said Demorest dryly, " when I accompanied Mr. Blandford home the night he returned from his journey, we found you at Church, aDd he had to put up his horse himself." "But that was the Sabbath—the seventh day of the command," retorted Ezekiel. " And here the Sabbath doesn't consist of only one day to serve God in," said Demorest, sententiouely. Ezekiel glanced under his white lashes at DemoreBt's thoughtful face. His fondest fearB appeared to be confirmed; Demorest had evidently become a Papist. But that gentleman stopped any theological discussion by the abrnpt enquiry" Did Mrs. Demo rest say when she thought of returning?" "Sheallowed she moat kem to-morrow— but"^—added Ezekiel, dubiously. " But what?" "Wa'al, wot with her enjyments of the vanities of this life and the kempany she keeps, I reckon she's in no hurry," said Eze kiel, cheerfully. The entrance of Manael here cut short any response from Demorest, who, after a few directions in Spanish to the peon, left his guest to himself. He walked to the verandah with the same dull preoccupation that Ezekiel had noticed as so different from hiB old decisive manner, and remained for a few momenta abstractedly gazing into the dark garden. The strange and mystic shapes which had impressed even the practical Ezekiel had become even more weird and ghost-like in the faint radiance of a rising mooD. What memories evoked by bis rude guest seemed to take form and outline in that dreamy and unreal expanse? He saw his wife again, standing as she had stood that night in her mother's honse with the white mnffler around her head, and white face imploring him to fly; he saw him self again hurrying through the driving Btorm. to Warnboro'. ana reaching the train that bore him swiftly and safely miles away—that same night when her husband was perishing in the swollen river. He remembered with what strangely minded sensations he had read the account of Blandford's death in the newspapers, and how the loss of hie old friend was forgotten in the associations con jured up by his singular meeting that very night with the mysterious woman he had loved. He remembered that he had never dreamed how near and fateful were these associations, and how he had kept his pro mise not to seek her without her permission, nntil six months after, when she appointed a meeting, and revealed to him the whole truth. He could see her now, as he had seen her then, more beautiful and fascinating than ever in her black dress, and the pensive grace of refined Buffering and restrained passion in her delicate face. He remembered, too, how the shock of her disclosure — the knowledge that she had been his old friend's wife, seemed only to accent her purity and suffering and his own wilful recklessness, and ho wit had stirred all rne chivalry, generosity, and affeotion of his «*ey natnre to take the whole responsibility of this innocent bnt compromising intrigue on his own shoulders. He had had no i-'lf accusing sense of disloyalty to Blandfor) in hie practical natnre; he had never suspected the shy, proper girl of being his wif b ; he was willing to believe now, that had he known it, even that night, he would never have seen her again; he had been very foolish; he had made this poor woman participate in his folly; but he had never been dishonest or treacberons in thought or action. If Bland ford had lived, even he wonld have admitted it. Yet, he was guiltily conscious of a material satisfaction of Blandford's death, without his wife's religions conviction of the saving graoes of predestination. They nad been married quietly when the two years of her widowhood had expired, his former relations with her husband and the straitened circumstances in whioh Bland ford's death had left her having been deemed euffioient excuse in the eyeB of North Liberty for her more worldly nnion. They had oome to California at ber suggestion "to begin life anew," for she had not hesitated to make this dislocation of all her antecedent surroundings aa a reason as well as a condition of this marriage. 8be wished to Bee the world of which he had been a passing glimpse; to expand under hiB protection beyond the lirnitB of - her fettered yonth. He had bought this old Spanish estate, with its near vineyard ana its outlying leagues covered with wild cattle, partly from that strange oontradiotory predilection for peaceful husbandry common to men who nave led a roving life, and partly as a cheok to her growing and feverish desire for change and excitement. He had at first enjoyed with an almost parental affeotion her childish unsophisticated delight in that world he had already wearied of, and whioh he had been prepared to gladly resign for her. But as the months ana even years had passed without any apparent diminution in her zest for these pleasures, he tried uneasily to resume his old interest in them, acd spent ten months with her in the ohaotio freedom of San Francisco hotel life. But to his dis comfiture he fonnd that they no longer diverted him; to his horror he discovered that those easy gallantries in whioh he had spent his youth, and in which he had seen no harm, were intolerable when exhibited to his wife, and he trembled between nn quietude and indignation at the copies of his tormer self whom he met in hotel parlours, at theatres, and in public conveyance. The next time she visited some friends in San Francisco he did not aocompany her. Though he fondly oherished his experience of her power to resist even stronger temptation, he was too practical to subject himself to the annoyance of witnessing it. In her absence he trusted her completely; his scant imagi nation conjured np no disturbing picture of possibilities beyond what he actually knew. In his recent questions of Ezekiel he did not expect to learn anything more. Even his gueBt's uncomfortable commentB added no sting that he had not already felt. With these thoughts called np by the unlooked-for advent of Ezekiel under his roof, he continued to gaze moodily into the garden. Near the honse were scattered several uncouth varieties of cacti whioh seemed to have loBt all semblance of vege table growth, and had taken rude likenesB to beasts and human figures. One high Bbouldered specimen, partly hidden in the shadow, had the appearance of a man with a cloak or serape thrown over his left shoulder. As Demorest's wandering eyes at last beoame fixed upon it, he fancied he could trace the faint outlines of a pale face, the lower part of which was hidden by the folds of the serape. There certainly was the forehead, the curve of the dark eyebrows, the shadow of a nose, and even as he looked more Bteadily, a glistening of the eyes upturned to the moonlight. A sudden chill seized him. It was a horrible fancy, bnt it looked aB might have looked the dead face of Edward Blandford 1 He started and ran quickly, down the steps of the verandah. A slight wind at the same moment moved the long leaves and tendrils of a vine nearest him and sent a faint wave through the garden. He reached the oactus; its fantastic bulk stood plainly before him, but nothing more. "Whar are ye runnin' to?" said the en quiring voice of Ezekiel from the verandah. " I thought I saw some one in the garden," returned Demorest quietly, satisfied of the illusion of his Benses, "bat it was a mistake." "It mout and it montn't," said Ezekiel, drily. " Thar's nothin' to keep anyZone out. It's only a wonder that you ain't overrun with thieves and sich like." "There are usually servants about the place," said Demorest, carelessly. " Ef they're the same breed ez that Manuel, I reckon I'd almost as ieave take my chances in the road. Ef it's all the same to you I kalkilate to put a pay tent fastener to my door and winder to-night. I alius travel with them." Seeing that Demorest only shrugged his shoulders without replying, he continued— " Et ain't far from here that some folks allow is the head-quarters of that oattle-Btealing gang, The driver of the coach went ez far ez to say that some of these high and mighty Dous hereabouts knows more of it than they keer to tell.'' " That's simply a yam for greenhorns," Baid Demorest oontemptnouBly. "1 know all the rancbe proprietors for twenty leagues around, and thev've lost as many cattle and horses as I have. "Iwanterknow,"said Ezekiel, with grim interest, "Then you've already had cou sid'hle losses, eh! I kalkilate them cattle are vally'ble—about wot figger do yon reckon yer out and injured ?" " Three or four thousand dollars, I suppose, altogether," replied Demorest shortljr. " Then you don't take any Btock in them yer yarns abont the gang being ran and pro tected by some first-class men in 'Frisco!" ' said Ezekiel, regretfully. "Not much," responded Demorest drily; "but if people choose to believe this bluff gotten up by the petty thieves themselves to increase their importance and secure their immunity they can. But here's Manuel to tell us supper is ready." fie led the way to the corridor and court yard, which Ezekiel had not penetrated on account of itB obscurity and solitude, bnt which now seemed to be peopled with peons and household servants of both sexes. At the end of a long low oeilinged room a table was spread with omelettes, chupa, oakes, chocolate, grapes, and melons, around which half a dozen attendants stood gravely in wait ing. The size of the room, which to Ezekiel's eyes looked as large as the ehnroh at North liberty, the profusion of the viands, the six attendants for the host and solitary guest deeply impressed him. Morally rebelling againBt this feudal display and extravagance, he, who had disclaimed to even assist the Blandford'e servant in waiting at table, and had always made bis solitary meal on the kitchen dresser, was not above feeling a material aatisfaction in sitting on equal terms with his master's friend and being served by these menials he despised* He did fnll justice to the victuals, of which Demorest partook in sparing abstraction, and particularly to the fruit, which Demorest did not tonoh at all. Observant of his servants' eyes fixed in wonder on the strange guest who had just disposed of a second melon at supper, Demorest could not help remarking that he would Iobo credit as a medico with the natives unless he restrained a pnbtio exhibition of his tastes. "Ez ha" aw?" queried EzekieL " They have a proverb here that fruit is gold in the morning, silver at noon, and lead at night." "That'll do for lazy stomicks," said the unabashed EzekieL "When they're once fortified by JoneB's hitters and hard work, they'll be able to tackle the Lord's nat'ral gifts of the airth at any time." Declining the cigarettes offered bun by DemoreBt for a qnid of tobacco, which he gravely took from a tin box in his pooket, and to the astonished eyes of the servants apparently obliterated any further remem brance of the meal, he accompanied his host to the verandah again, where, tilting his chair back and patting his feet on the railing, he gave himself up to unwonted and silent rumination. The silence was broken at last by Demo rest, who, half reclining on a settee, had once or twice glanced towards the misshapen oactns. " Was there any trace discovered of Bland ford other than we knew before we left the States ?" "Wa'sl, no," said Ezekiel, thoughtfully. " The last idea waB that he'd got control of the hoes after paasin' the bridge, and had managed to turn him baok. for there was marks of buggy wheels on the enow on the far side, and that fesrin' to trust the hoss or the bridge he tried to lead him over when the bridge gave way, and he was oanght in the wreck and carried off down abeam.' That would acoonnt for his body not bein' fonnd; they do tell that obunke of that bridgeware picked up on the Sonnd Beach near the month o' the river, nigh nnto sixty miles away. That's about the last idea they had of it at North Liberty." He paused, and then cleverly directing a stream of tohaoco juice at an accurate curve over the railing, wiped his lips with the baok of his hand, ana added, elowly. "Thar'e another idea, bat I reckon it's only mine. leastways I ain't heard it araned bv anvbodv." " What u that!" asked Demorest. " Wa'a), it ain't exakly complimentary to E. Blandiord, Esq., and it mout be orkard for you." " I don't think yon're in the habit of letting such trifles interfere with your opinion," said Demorest, with a slightly forced laugh, " bat what is your idea?" " That thar wasn't any accident." " No aocident ?" replied DemoreBt, raising himself on his elbow. "Nary accident," oontinued Ezekiel, de liberately, "and, if it oomes to that, not much of a dead body either." "What the devil do yon mean?" said Demorest Bitting up. " I mean," said Ezekiel, with momentous deliberation, "that E. Blandford, of the Winnipeg Mills, was in March, *50, ez nigh beln'bust np ez any man kin be without actually fahn'; that he'd been down to Boston that day to get some extensions; that old Deacon Salisbury knew it, and had been pesterin' Mrs. Blandford to induce him to sell out and leave the place; and that the night he left he took about $250 in Bank bills that they allns kept in the house, and Mrs, Blandford waB in the habit o' hidin' in the breaet pooket of one of his old overcoats hangin' up in the closet. I mean that that air money and that air overcoat went off with him, ez Mrs. Blandford knows, for I heard her tell her ma about it. And when his affairs were wound up and his debts paid, I reckon that the $250 was all there was left— and be scooted with it. It's orkard for you— ez I said afore—but I don't see wot on earth you need get riled for. Ef he ran off on account of only $250 he aint a goin' to run back again for the mem matter o' your mar rying Joan. Ef he had—he'd a done it afore this. It's orkard ez I said, but the only orkardnese ib your feelin'e. I reckon Joan's got used to hers." Demorest had risen angrily to hie feet. But the next moment the utter impossibility of reaching this man's hide-bound moral per ception by even physical force hopelessly overcame him. It would only impress him with the effect of hie own disturbing power, that to Ezekiel was equal to a proof of the truth of his opinions. It might even en courage him to repeat this absurd story else where with his own construction upon his re ception of it. After all it was only Ezekiei's opinion—an opinion too preposterous for even a moment's serious consideration. Blandford alive, and a petty defaulter. Blandford above the earth and complacently abandoning his wife and home to another. Blandford—perhaps a sneaking, cowardly Nemesis—hiding in the shadow for futnre—impossible. It really was enough to make him laugh. He did laugh, albeit with an uneasy sense that only a few years ago he would have struck down the man who had thus traduced his friend's memory. " You have been over-taxing your brain in patent medicine circulars, Corwin," he said in a rough rallying manner, "and yon've got rather too much high falutin and bitters mixed with your opinions. After that yarn of yours you must be dry. What'Jl you take ? I haven't got any New England ram, bat I can give yon some ten-year-old aguardiente made on the place." As be spoke he lifted a decanter and glass from a small table which Manuel had placed in the verandah. "I guess not," said Ezekiel drily, "It's now gain' on five years since I've been a con sistent temperance man." " In everything but melons, and criticism of your neighbour, eh J" said Demorest, pour ing out a glass of the liquor. " I hev my convictions," said Ezekiel with affected meekness. " And I have mine," said Demorest, tossing off the_ fiery liquor at a draught, " and it's that this is devilish good stuff. Sorry you can't take some. I'm afraid I'll have to get you to excuse me for a while. I have to take a ride over the ranche before turning in to see if everything's right. The house is 'at your disposition,' as we Bay here. I'll see you later." He walked away with a slight exaggeration of unconcern. Ezekiel watched him nar rowly with colourless eyes beneath his white lashes, When he hew) gone he examined the thoroughly emptied glass of aQuardienle, and taking the decanter sniffed critically ^at its sharp and potent contents. A smile of gratified discernment followed. It was olear to him that Demorest drank. Contrary to bis prognostication, however, Mrs. Demorest did arrive the next day. But although be was to depart from Buena ventura by the same coach that had set her down at the gate of the casa, he had already lelt the house armed with some letters of introduction which DemoreBt had generously given him to certain small traders in the pueblo and along the route. Demorest waa not displeased to part with him before the arrival of his wife, and thus spare her the awkwardness of a repetition of Ezekiel'e effrontery in her presence. Nor was he willing to have the impediment of a gnest in the honse to any explanation he might have to seek from her, or to the confidences that hereafter mnst be fuller and more mutual. For with aU his deep affeotion for his wife, JEtichard Demorest unconsciously feared her. The strong man, whose domi nance over men and women alike had been his salient characteristic, felt an nndefinable sense of some on recognised quality in the woman he loved. He had once or twice de tected it in a tone of her voice, in a remem bered and perhaps even once idolized gesture, or in the aooidentai lapse of some bewildering word. With the generosity of a large nature he had put the thought aside, referring it to some selfish weakness of his own,_ or—more fatuous than ail—to a possible diminution of his own affection. He was standing on the steps ready to receive ber. Few of her appreciative sex could have remained indifferent to the tender and touching significance of his silent and subdued welcome. He had that piteous wistfulness of eye seen in some dogs and the husbands of many charming women—the affection that pardons beforehand the indifference it bas learned to expect. She approached him smiling in her turn, meeting the sublime patienoe of being unloved with the equally re signed patience of being loved,' and feeling that oomforting sense of virtue which might become a bore, but never a self reproaoh. For the rest, she was prettier than ever; her five years of expanded life had slightly rounded the elongated oval of her face, filled up the ascetic hollows of her temples,, and freed the repression of her mouth and chin. A more genial climate had quiokened the circulation that North Liberty bad arreBted, and suffused the transparent beauty of ber skin with eloquent life. It seemed as if the long protraoted northern spring of her youth had snddenly burst into a summer of womanhood under those gentle skieB; and yet enough of her Puritan preoision of manner, movement, and gesture remained to temper her fuller and more exuberant life and give it repose. In a community of pretty women more or less given to the license and extravaganoe of the epoch, she always looked like a lady. He took her in his arms and half lifted her up the laBt step of the verandah. She re sisted slightly with her charaoteristio action of catching his wrists in both her hands and holding him off with an awkward primness, and almost in tbe same tone that she had i used to Edward Blandford five years before, said, "There, Dick, that will do." 