A STARTLING INCIDENT. An elderly gentleman residing in the Rue Rochechouart, Paris, who was supposed to be dead, has suddenly come to life. He has a nephew in Paris, who, being duly informed of his demise on Sunday, repaired at once to the house with his wife to keep watch over the mortal remains of his uncle until they should be borne to their last resting-place. On Monday evening, as the lady was tired, her husband sent her to the drawing-room to take some repose on a sofa; and, a servant having placed some wine and broth on a table, he threw himself into an arm-chair in the bedroom and soon went soundly to sleep. On awaking at 4 in the morning he found that the broth had disappeared and that the bottle of wine was half-empty! Becoming alarmed, he went to his wife in the drawing- room, roused her, and told her what had happened. She returned to the bedroom with him, but the pair had hardly reached the door when they heard a noise. They paused r>n the threshold, and to their consternation, a voice bade them not to be afraid but to come in. The husband entered the room, but soon rushed out with his hair standing on end. He had seen his uncle's ghost. The old man was sitting, enveloped in a sheet, on the side of his bed. The supposed corpse had the utmost difficulty in gettiog his panicstricken relatives to understand that he was not dead after all. « I am alive! " he repeated, adding that the preparations for his fuqeral had not escaped his notice. He had been in a le thargy, and, waking up, had helped himself to the broth, which had done him good. Hearing some one approaching he had jumped into bed, as be was anxious not to cause any alarm ; but Richard was himself again. He perfectly recovered, and certainly on closer examination the uncle's appearance by no means belied his words. The refreshments had come in most opportunely ta restore him, and as he was much pleased with the affectionate attention Vfhich his relatives had shown him after his supposed departure from this world, everything was soon made happy and comfortable all round. The doctor of the quarter had not yet officially confirmed the demise of the worthy uncle, who seems to have taken a new lease of life. " Sydney, October 6th, 1885. Messrs, Edward Row and Co. Gentlemen,—I have great plea, sure in statiug I have for some time taken at your recommendation Row's DANDELION BIT- TEES, and can without any hesitation say it ;s the best medicine I ever took in my life. Any . one trying them will, I am sure, receive the Bame benefit and speak as I do. Yours faith* fully, (signed) RICHD. SHOBTLAXD, senr." 