BpveHet, THE FALSE; KNIGHT:' . OR, TIIE ROBBER OF THE FOREST. A STORY OF LOVE, MYSTERY, AND ADVENTURE. CHAPTER XI. —Continued BY SYLVAHUS GGBB, JR. " Most assuredly I will." "Good. I shall give you the opportu nity very soon.'' ? When tho priest had gone Sir Pascal ?;' summoned Balthazar, and bado him go and eeo thu liaroucs?, and ask her how soon she could be prepared to receive him. Ho wished to confer with her upon h. matter of great -'importance. ? „ .. . . Tho dwarf departed, and. was gono so long that hia master bseamo uneasy and suspicious of evil. Ho had twice.framed : tho opening speech- with which ho would eamlohoV ladyship, and had twice for : 'gotten it; and by the time tho hunchback; finally returned he had forgotton much ?. more. ' ." Well, rascal What says her august ladyship ? Have you been making love to the fair daughter ?" "No, your lordship. I will leave that delectable pastinio to you, wheu—you find her." , " Ha ! What does that mean V cried the knight, seizins tho pigmy by the collar of his doublet and giving- him a shako. " Did you boo tho baroness V "No, sir. Not a door could I open bo: yond tho archway at tho cntranco to tho ' Indies' apartments. After I had knocked, nnd kicked, and called at as many doors as Iliavo fingors, I found a servant, who told mc that sho had been doing the same thing for more than an hour i nnd tho black eyed wench had tho audacity to spit at mo, —not on tno, mark you—and tell mo that. I imdotherelikeino—meaning youroxeolloucy -had driven tho poor woman to seeking safety in deuth, to which end sho had drank poison." .*????: : " Hark yo, sirrah ! Speak y'o now soberly, and to tho point,-or I'll—l'll out your wino for a week. I mean it. Now, tell mc what you found." i " 1 told you ac nearly as I know how. -I ?went'to the chamber of the lady as you bado we ; and I tried tho door*'of all.tho rooms on that flour, in that wing, , and not a door could I start, nor a word of responso to my calls could I hear; nnd Hie girlsaid shod been an hour trying to raiae somebody with-! out avail." . : Twice tho startled knight strode acrose tho room, and thon, seizing his cap, ho went, out-went to tho forgo ?f the armorer, and selecting a heavy sledjjo—a two-headed tool—with- which- ho returned to tho keep, ho ascended to the apartments of tho ladies, hiii dwarf pago bearing him company. In the first pas?ago on tho second Jloor thejr mot the servant whom Balthazar had ques tioned, and her Sir Pascal told to showhinr which was tho alooping-chfimbor of tho baronc?sj. Tho door wan pointed out, and asinglo blow of tho heavy sledgo beat it open. '".'?' . The girl rushed in, and presently set up a frantic outcry. Her 'dear niistress was doad sho knew. That was hur bed, out of which eho nover slept, and it had not been touched during tho night. Otlior doors woro brokoa opph, and otlior ohftinhera looked into ; but no trace of. nio tliur or daughter could be found. It was Eallliawir wlm tliought of asking tho servant if sho ever waited upon the baroness, and helped her to dross. ? Yo3, that was a part of her duty. ? She and Grctchen always waited upon tho good liidy and' her daughter, and -nobody. cUo. .And Gietthuti, too, n.as yono. Sho was directed to geo if tho ladies had carried anything away with them ; and upon search it was found tlmt both of them had taken 'vlolliing and all their jowolry. ' ' , in a state ot frenzy tho knight hastened dowii, and Buniinoned to his presence all tho; officers and soldiers who had been on guard duty during tho night. Thoro were a full'-.score, .of, them, in all.:.' ; Thoy were ; questioned sharply, but nothing could bb learned fronv them. ? Nbn'o ofth'eni had 6COU cifchorof tho missing females.;: Each and, every ;onp ; most solemnly swoto that,, not a soul had passed him during his watch, ??:" ~; : . '.?- ??, ?;" ? ".-; i ? i "Whore is tho wonder?" suggested Lieutenant Franz, when the chief had reached: tho point of declaring that some body had lied.. "Do you not know that these old castles avo riddled,- through and through, with all sorts of secret passages ?" Simple as was tho rovolation, Dunwolf had not thought of it. But ho saw it now, and admitted tho probability of its correct ness. .?', . : ~. ?,?: ? . ' Ho had just bowed his acknowledgment lo Franz whon the door of tho; apartment wns opened, and tho two ruffians, Zilloru and Walbock, camo in, looking like men who had just seen a veritablo ghost, each trying* to push the other on ahead. ? >-i "How now?" cried tho knight, with a new terror before him. ""Why aro; you. hero ? Speak !—Zounds ! I'll—'-' ... ft Mercy, Moinherr !" And it camo out, with much stumbling,' tliat they had gone down to carry their prisoner his breakfast; had found the door of tho dungeon bolted and barred and locked, just as thoy had left it ; but tho place was empty. The straw had not boon laid s upon, and two of the candles and Jhe candlestick had been taken'away; ; ? :, ; . : ' This was 100 muph. Sir Pascal was stricken dumb. Ho" gasped and choked, but for a considerable time was unable to speak. And when, at length* his power of speech camo to him, ho was so deeply moved that ho spoke without an oath; no oath that ho could,frame,boiug adequate to tho occasion.., . "Franz! What do you make of this ?" "It must bo, sir, that some of the -Men of the castle discovered that tho captain had been locked up in that place, and they contrived, during tho night, to set him freo." ' "'??'.' " I " But how could they havo got there if our sentinels wero awako ?" . "By niqans of passes of which wo are ignorant. If you will reflect you will call to mind that tho subterranean passes of these old piles always connect with tho lower crypts and dungeons." Again the knight was forced to admit tho plausibility of his lieutenant's solution; and, haying questioned tho jailers some what further, ho resolved to go down and investigate .for'himself.- Ho had brought with him tho aledgo with which ho had opened tho chamber doors; that-ho gave to Ziliern, and directed Walbeck to go to Hie armorers..forgo, and get another just liko it,tind to bring, also, a common hammer of goodly size." ? -?-—?-' ?\yfien?all', was ready, liglits woro taken and! tholparty sotlforih. '?? jlho first point for examiiiatioii was tho dungeon from which tho prisoner had beon set hso., AVas there ,ariy secret pass, thoro? Tlioy hamnicrod and pounded" every wKo'ro; but only thodull, ?!niassy ; sound of solid rock was returned. ? Tho Avails on three sides wero absolutely native rock,.andi of course, there could bo nothing of tho kind in Uio front wall. 'As for tho floor, it was. of flags of such sizo, 1 and bo firmly laid, that no human power could wove them. It never occurred to them that tho floor of a square recess cut from tho-native ledjje ought itself—or, at least, tho inner .portion of it—to bo solid ' like tho walls that aroso frgm it. They might have seen, too, that tho floor of the passage outaido, on a level with that of tho dungeon, was simply a surface of natural rock. Also, they might havo discovered that tho floor of tho vory next dungeon was of nature's own mako. _ .. ! But thoy saw nothing of this. It was evident that the prisoner had boon set free by somubody from tho outside ; and <xa for findini? tho secret in that mazo of cells and crypts and vaulted passages, tho thing was, not to bo thought of. Thoy hammered and banged upon a few suspicious-looking places, but in tho end returned no wiser than thoy went. . ? On reaching daylight again, Sir Tnseal ? thought of mustering tho force of the castlo J thoso men who had beon undor Capt. yon ; ?'Linden's command—and demanding of, them information upon tlio subject of what ho was pleased to term therccont outrage ; ' but Franz quickly argued him away from it. Said ho,, after .his chiof had given up the objectionable plan : ?j " Tho prieouor is gono, of course, boyoinl 'tho confines of tho castle/and I doubt if i there is a soul hero, present who k??v/a ; yiiero ho is. Further, 'tho-ladies aro surely i with him ; and wo may judge, from tho ? fact that no horses havo beon taken,- that , they havo not gono far. Now, niy 'dear , : master," continuod tho trusty honclunan, I laying the dexter fhigor of tho right liand ? into tho palm of tho loft, ,na ho weut on, : upeakingslowly and earnestly, " our first ii object isto malio ouwolvea secure in Sour .position, and know who aro our. friends; Of tho iivc-aud-forly mon-at-arms whom we i found in tho garrison hero when wo canio, tho hnger portion of thorn aro soldiers who ?havo bcou drawn from 'othor sources within, a fow months. Tho old knight, wlioso funoral had just takon place when wo arrived, had culietcd them by'ordor of tlio grand dulco, ufter iiitolligouco had boon received of tho anticipated insurrection. Moro than half of those won, to my certain knowledge, 'ai'c already heart and boul with xis; ?iintV I havo no doubt that .vo might, by proper inaiwgomont, gain very nearly tliQ whole of them. "Lotus first do that, sir,; and then let us find Thorbrand. If wo do not iind him readily," wo must find somo of liis men und confer with thorn. That thoy aro in this 1 neighborhood there -can' bo no doubt. 1 Mean time wo will throw'our guards upon i nil tho avenues of tho surrounding forest, n to make euro .tjiatr tlio fugitives do nofc 1 escape üb. .This is tho plan I would suggest." And tho ohief had resolved to adopt it boforo 'Franz had done speaking. : 'Accordingly, after ono more - thorough search over tho castlo for "tho missing onos, { Sir Pascal caused tho original force of the castle to bo mustered on the parado ground, and when they word together, ho stated' to thorn plainly hia .object. Ho' wanted to 'kiiuwhow ninny of them ho could'depend ? upon to follow him without question; how ? many would tako the oatii of fealty to him- Bolf. Ho used no honeyed. words, but ho did this: Ho made them understand that thoso who should ? refuse him allogiatico might look for hard timee ; while on tho other'hand, for thoso who should prove true to him, thero would bp the best of treat ment, and there might bo considerable .booty: .-.' ..??;'"-... ; ; .' ??? ;. ? ? ?'??? '"? The result had not been locked for. Only ten men of the fivo-aud-fovty privates aud nino non-commissioned"officers—ton .of the whole nunibor—stood .firm and true to the old duty; and they, when they saw and understood tho situation,, W-lioving that their young captain and tho ladies of tho castlo had got safely away, asked that they might bo discharged from tho service, Thoy had taken tho oath of fealty to tho ba roness, arid only she herself could absolve them.-????"??;?? ?'- - ???;?? ?-- ? ?-; ? ?".- ? '/ " .' For a wonder Dunwolf. permitted them to go. Ho felt that thoy could do him nioro harm if they remained than: thoy could" in being outside, And thus was ho completely master of tho castlo. Saving the fewjiouse hold servants, for whom ho did not care,all ; within tho walls, wore hisstroin supporters. Before the sun of that day had set he "had sent ewift couriers out upon.all the roads— upon every path whero a woman could make her way—and made sure that no poraons had gono forth sines the previoue overling. Also, he had posted sentinels at tho various passes, to prevent the out going of anyone without question. ; ;\?; ?.? ? I , During the evening of that day, for, the first time, lie was told of tho cot of the old hunter on tho oppdeito mountain' aide. Could it bo possible that.tho fugitives had found shelter and hiding there ? ? Hβ would .very soon know. I On the next morning, bright and early, accompanied by a guide from the men' of the castle, Sit , Pascal and his lieutenant, with the dwarf page, who had begged hard that he might be pormittod to go, set forth for the hunter's cot. They reached it with outadventure worthy of notb, and found the hunter hiinsolf standing in his open doorway. Evidently ho had been on tho watoh'for them, having been very sure that they would come. Pascal Dunwolf etood fairly abaened be foro the man he had como to seo. Ho had been prepared to find a rough, ignorant mountaineer,- who would instinctively avail arid cower before him; but, instead of that, liogaZod upon a man noble:and grand in form and feature—a man whp.looked: upon lLim as a monarch; might look'upon his :.' ?? '?'.. /Never riiiud the details of; the intorviow. The visitor, as soon as hojcould presont his business, stated why ho had come. .. He- Was very .anxious concerning tho ?ladios, who were so far undor his carp that ho. felt responsible for , thoir ? safety. Had ; the hunter seen anything of them % Could he give any information nt all ? I " Sir," said Ob'orwald with a ejtately bow, " I might answer you that I. had not seen them—that I knew- nothing of them"; but that would presuppose my roadine&s; to' be tray them if thoy were hero, or to tell a falsehood. .? The lady Bertha find her daughter aro my dear fiionds,and if-1 knew whore they had found refugo I certainly should refuse to toll you. O ! do not look so gliun I I only do what you would do. if you bo a man of honor. But, sir, my huinblo abode is boforoypu ; no dopre aro locked. You can look through it if you 'will; also, you may search the forest round about. I cortainly hopo you may not find thum, because I know thoy-would not have loft you without good and sufficient reason." J The spurred and beltod knight was for. a littlo tiiuo fairly besido himself with con tending emotions. Onco ho seemed more than half inclined to draw his sword, and again a torrent of curses was upon his lips (ready to burst forth ; but his bettor judg ,ment finally prevailed, and hi moderate tones ho told tho huntor that ho should like jto view tho internal arrangements of? his dwelling. "Without a word Oborwald admitted him tuid Ins licuteiiuut. Tho obtrusive hunch back started to go in, but-his master put him back. ; Upon entering thcliviujr-room the hunter's daughter was discovered Hitting by /the groat fire-place, and Franz; who had an oye for a pretty fuce, started to address her. At that moment up roso tho great St. Ber nard, with ii growlliko far-off thunder, aiid tho gallant drew back,leaving tho damsel to horsolf., ?? . Every part of tho cot was visited j every hole and corner was peered into ; but no thing was found that looked like a fugitive baroness, and in tho end the party of ob servation loft the cot no wiser than they were on their arrival. . Soro at heart, and in deeper troublo than ho would acknowledge, Sir Pascal Dunwolf roturned to tho castlo. Thus far ho had been billed at evqry stop ; etill ho did not gtvo up. ' Fresh riders were .aent out to scour tho forest, aud every moans ho could think of taken to find the missing 'oneu. " , And now for the robbor cliief. While the soarpii was going on for the fugitivoshc must; liiid Thorbrand, ?nd with him como td ahuundurstaiiding. Why tho man had not culled upon him lie could not conceive. . Ho had promised that ho ?would be vory punctual. It was on the third day after tho disap pcaranco of Captaiu yon Linden and tho ladies, while scouts wojo scouring in every direction for tho robber ohicftuin, or for any of his band, tlult olio of tho fomod bandit's followers vvua broimht before hiiu. t Ho gayo his v^rzoa ', Hildegund, ftwd aiii ?' he we? r;?aof Thorbrand's chieflieutchauls. Hβ had beenon his way'to thecasllo'wliui;. tho outriders had met hini/ and lie wt onxiou? to find his mabtcr aa was any ono. "More than?hundred nion oi ourbiimli': ho said, '{Mβ uow'-pijc?inted 'iii . tlie Ant bci-g Valley waiting for an order from thoil' chief. Thorbraud left us little more than a ; in:'company ?? with his; chio , officer, young "Wolfgang—younrf he is,' b.i. but a thundorbolt in 'battlft— they loft v fortho cxpifoss purpose of coming to this very castlo to' report to yourself. AH is ready with us, and tho barons of Wurtom burg are ready to move, as ?-oon as thoy know that Deckendorf Costlo is open tt> thorn in case of ' Wo have waited till now for our chief's return, and,whon the full week had gone I started out in quest of him. The last words ho epoko boforo leav- ing us woro spoken to mo. " ' Hildogund,' ho said, 'Igo to confer with tho knight wlio has" boon Bont to com mand Dockondorf Castle. When I have, arranged satisfactorily with him I will lot j you know." > ?. "Ho promised that if he did not comp himself ho would send Wolfgang. That, aa I have said, was more than a week ago, and from that tirno wo havo heard not a word, nor have we rccoived ? eign. What can it mean?" -' , . ; i Duriwoll was confounded. WasitpoS siblo that Thorbrand liad made his* ap [pearauco at the caatlo buforo his arrival-r whilo yon Linden was in command—and had the fiery youth put hint out of the way? .?? .'-.. ... .;. ? ' '.' . Ho summoned- two o£ the assistant warders, who had. taken the oath of fealty to him, arid questioned them closely. They declared, unhesitatingly, that it would have been impossible for any man to have visited tlie. castle during tho week previous to Sir' Arthur's death without either pna oV the other of them being witness. s After this there was.a eilenco, broken at length by the robber.. ' ? ' 1 , .'.' Have you niado search at tlie cot o Martin Gborwaid ?"? ' '<??'. ?' . i " \Vliat ??—the hunter on the opposite mountains 1" .?-.'?-. [ "The same." ; " Not for Thorbrand j but I liave been thoro, and have looked into every hole and corner after others." ? Hildegund shrugged Jtis shoulders signi ficantly. ?„ : ? , "That man," he said, "is deeper than you think. If any one can give us infor mation, it is he. But wo must bo wary. I Lot us think the matter over, and fix upon a plan of action. Ho has holes and corncra at command that you did not dream of, I'll bo bound." , . i Hildegund was of middlo age; tall and einowy, and strong of limb. Ho was.fa liandsonie man, too, with'a face i-oniarkably keen aiid intelligent. .That ho was an oi perienced forestor and mountaineer, wis ovidoht from the , outsot,, and to him Sir Pascal tendered tho oflico of guido in tile present omergorioy."- ? ?'?-?' " ? Thpbrigarid.readily accepted tlioposition iind straightway procoeded to action, lus movements indicating very plainly that ho , knew what he was "about. Before* thktj day's sun had'"sot .ho had organized !a force of.little less than two-scorb mcn-r-rfll, more or less versed in tho mysteries pi mountain life—and tho dwelling of Martin Oberwald was completely environed, so that no person could enter iv or go away without being discovered. t '. CHAPTER XII. IN THE HUNTER'S COT. Forty years, or thereabout, previous to 6110 timo of .which wo wirito, Sir Arthur yon; Morin, then agallanfc huntwMvhen not the field, had accidentally discovered -i a wonderful cavern on the sido': of tho Scliwarzwolf Mountain ; or it was rather 11 sori'o3 of caverns, with a common entrance. Beneath; mi overhanging eliolf of rock, completely Jriddon by tangled wildwood, was a broad alcovo, within which were three different openings into as many largo juid convenient caves. They wore'very high, with arched roofs, and with fissures in tho walls and tops, through which air could pass, and light ontor, but proof against the incoming of rain." This secret 'ilio: knight had kept to himself, only imparting it, after a time, to Baron Deckendorf, until Martin Oborwald chanced to come that way in search" of a ref u?o from tho world. Ho had known and loved Martin's father, and Murliu' himself had served under him in more than 0110 campaign. - . '-' ; To Martin Oberwald,. Sir Arthur im parted tlio secret of tho cavern, and the baron gaVo him a deed of that side of the Mountain. His infant 'daughter had a homo at tho castle until, ho could prepare for her a fitting dwelling of his own. The fancy seizod him to erect a substantial stone cottago so situated that its rear wall should cover the entrance to tlio caves; and in this covering wall, with his own hands, as sisted only by a competent builder whom ho could trust, ho fixed a secret door, so ar ranged that n child might work it, but which no stranger cyuld discover. Anil horo the recluse Jwd lived, and roared his beautiful child. To iui.ro than one poor, hunted fugitive, flying fium op-j pressiou and injustice, had lio given su/i-j asylum, and none to whom ho had thiti! given his secret hadjiotrayed it. In ono of theso caves tho wounded man whom Elcctra and Irono had suecourodhad boon iilaced, and, there tho hunter cared ; for him. In all tho land not n better phy sician than.was'Oberwnld could havo been found, and under his skilful troatincut and tender nursing tho patient' was gaining strength fast. But very littlo foyer had re sulted from his hurls, and'that wits entirely gono. All ho had now to do was, to makd good blood mid plenty of it. That would heal his wounds, nnd give him back tho strength ho had lost. ' ?<jt tne-otner two oaves, one of them—i-j that on tho . oxtromo left— :wns/ double. I Opening from it, was a narrow, beautifully-' arched paesago, loading! to another chamber, of goodsize, but so far into into tho.moun tiiin.tliat i?o light of. day could reach i(j. Yet tho air circulated frebly through it,an(l it was very coinforfublo.. Tliie double cava "tvais givon to tho baroness and her daughter and good Grotchsn, while Ernest yon Lindoii took the other. - ? . ?? ;? i: Since there was no likelihood of the ba roness coming in contact with tho occupant of theviirst-mentioned cave, tho hunter did not think it Lost to inform hor of tho pre- BCiico of tho dreaded robber chieftain co nenr to hor ; but she was not long in dis covering iK That some ono was thore whom Oberwald was tendorly nursing, she know on''hor first visit to tho eitting-room of tho cottago; and finally hor daughter told hor who if was.- At first ehe was in clined to be alarmed, believing, aa she did,, that Thorbrand was a friend and co-worker with hor worst cnomy. ? ?..??;?' J O! mamma," said her daughter, "if you could see tho'man as I saw him, you would hot fear him." And then,for the first time, came but the story"! now and wonderful to Lady Bertha and Ernest, of tho Jioroic work of .Electra in saving tho robber's life- ; for that she had done so was a fact not to be disputed, /D ? ' j "And now," said the htinter, when Eleotra'B: story had been sufficiently dis cussed, "i will make a disclosure which haa been,, given to mc as a trust; but 11 1 think that I have, a right to. impart it to you. This mini—Thorbrand—is so far [ from being a' friend of ? Dun wolf, that he will exposo and punish him as soon as ho is strong enoughs I tell you my lady; -arid yon Eriiest,in that man rests the solo power Ito givo you ample justice. He loved the latb baron as he never loved another living iboihg. It; would bo a, long story, to tell, arid I feel that I have not tlto light to tell I it. I have nursed him, and helped! him on tho road to health and strength, as much for your sakes asi for his own.. So, iiady, put away your fears, nnd pray, if 'your conscience will let you, for tho speedy recovery of the robber chief." '? ? ; Both, tho baroness and yon Linden wore greatly surprised by this information. They [had many questions to ask, some of which their Most promptly answered, while to others ho only shook his head and closed hie lips. But the lady put away her f ears from that moment," and soon came to think of tho terrible Thorbrand kindly, and with good wishes. ' '''?'? Oberwald was not long in discovering that his cot was under survoillanco, and before night of the second day of tho ap pearance of tho spies ho had counted a full scoro of them, and lto knew there I were more. Ho had one secret more which, up to ttio present time, had been given to only two men beside hini?elf. That was a covered way—a deep, narrow: gorge in the moun tain, caused:by Bomo great convulsion-that! \ naa upheaved and rent asunder-^completeiy' at both ends...., At the upper ox- ! t trcraity njjoroh of:thocotcovcred. ifc ; arid half amile away, toward the villago, at thoj extreme foot of tlio mountain,it .was hidden jby a combination of brokou rocks and tangled vino and brushwood.. - : .- > ! ; Tho second man to whom ho had given j the secret had been 110110 other than Wolf- j gang. When that man had called to see! his wounded comrade, and had oxpresse'd a desire to feel froo to como when ho would, Oborwald had been so wonderfully im pressed in his favor that ho had not only suffered him to'"depart by tho secret pass but had bidden him come when he would] by tho samo way. So tho good hunter borrowed no present trouble on account of this espionage. Had it been necessary for -Wolfgang to como up tho mountain openly, ho would havo felt-it his duty to hasten down to tho village and instruct the inn-keeper tliovo to warn'"him whon lie camo ; but, aa it waa, if ho should chance to visit tho wounded chief agaiiii, ho could do so safely. Four days had passed ainco tho spieehad made their appearauco in tho forost; the baroness had beon a full wookagucst of the hunter; and, thus far, all had gono well with the indwollors of the cot and its moun tain ch'ambcrsl ? Towards the middle of tho forenoon, ?Irene Obenvald sat in the kitchen, having just finished a v grand baking of pics and meats, and while her only servant had gono out to look to tho poultry and hunt for ogga, aho had laved, her facp and hands in fresh' water, and eat down to rest. Her father had taken his gun and.gono forth' to hunt for gamo—-partly that, and partly to observe tho disposition of tho spies, who still occupied their old places inltho sur rounding forest. He had not been far away from his dwelling since thoy made, their appoaranco, and he would not probably" go far now.' Very seldom did the people from tho castlo leave their cavern during tho day. Tho hunter had striven to impros3 it upon thorn that they could bo safe only while out of sight. There was no telling At what moment tho eyos of ono of tho numerous spies might peer into tho cot. As for him self, thoy dared not molest him without causo. Sir Pascal know that ho enjoyed a plodgo of personal security from both tho grand duko and the Why. those magnates had thus honored him'he did not know ; ho only know it was so. , So Ireno sat, in her hutfi-baukod chair, hor eyes half closed, thinking of Boirtothing that had often occupied hoi- thoughts of lato, ono hnrnl resting upon her lap, while tho othor stole unconsciously up until it presaod hor bosom, when eho was aroused from her roverio by tho sound of a footfall behind hor, coming from tho direction of tho rear of tho cot. Sho quickly turnod, and started to hor feet. Hor breath came jand went, her face grew suddonly pale, aud I then tho rich colour mounted to cheek aud t temple, whilo sho caught tho back of her chair for sucuoit. Ho of whoui .she luid been 'thinking*! looking handsomer, sho' thought, than evor>[ hie clearj. honcsb eyes smiling , upoii her, with fc gaga earnest .and, sincere, stood be fore her. '.. '.-i.V.-..;?.?'., . '.;) .';-. ;.?.?>'.?;;:? ' |.| Wolfgang!" Bho whispered, before eho thought. ? '?? ?;?;?;. ??'?'??'?„:'? ';.v : ' ; V. ':',. -v ?? . .?',' Dear lady—Trone f—lot mo boliovo that lam wolcoino." ...'???.?- ' ; ' ' "Btit, air, how did you come? I saw you hot,"' ;;,, '?"'??? ;; ?!?;;.:' ...;???? ?. ? v "No. lam a fayored 01id..;. Yourfathor, when I : .was hero onco beforo,—it has seombd aii ago to.'nic—initiated nlo into the mystery of the secret .pass." ..'. '??: ~?'?: ; ; Why did her heart bound so happily at that? Why. did it give her such quick, thrilling joy to know that her father had bo [trusted this niau? Ah, poor heart! poor hearji 1 -It had become captive,-and she bno w it. She realized now, if never be fore, that she loved; this itian. , And yet she scarcely know him.. How etrango it was. How had it como to pass ?! ' ( But she had no tiiuo mow for further speculation or Tho new comer took- ]jor ; hand 'as a'brother might luivo done, and asked for her father—or> rathor, whero ho was. ?Hβ did not appear to bo in a hurry to 806 him. "" ; . /\ ? Sho told him that ho had. gono /out to shoot aomo game and— Sho had got bo far wlien sho stopped.: ."?' "Ah, I sbo," ho said. " Let us converse for a few moments. I want information which you caii give mc." ' : '? He pointed her to a chair, and then eat near her. ' j "Now,.-dear lady, I want to know what lie going on here. 'As I told you onco be fore, I will help ytiur friends if I caii; and that the ability will bo mine I liavo riot the least particle'of doubt." Trust mc. You will trust a truo heart, bo sure." . Her tongue was loosened as though by the touch of a, magician's/- Wand. She could not liaye felt moro confidence ill her beloved father than blio felt at that'mo ment in tlio ninn before her. ' She asked him oj: what she should'tcll him. ? "Of everything," he answored.. "I want to know what Dunwolf is doing at the castle.".- ? .. ;":?- ,-. ??;??'-;???? ? . ; ? Then she wont on and told him tho storyJ ShotoldiketofDunwolf'samvalatthocastie immediately after tho fuuoral of old Sir Arthur; then of the adventure of Ernest yon Linden on tho road ; then of his being entrapped and cast into the dungeon j theii of the escape and flight to tho cot; anil, filially, of the precautions they had been obliged to take on account of the spies that Sir Pascal: hod posted in the forest. Sla t-aid her father had counted moro . than twonty of them. . It would be impossible to describe the J various emotions which had boon manifest in her.listenerduringhcr recital.- "Air!" he ejaculated, "and tin's villain thinks we will give him our helpl I will help him ! ; But it shall bb to—what lie littlo dreams,of. Arid the ladies of the castlo are stillliovo f' ' ' : . " Yea, yes." ' ; ? " Well,, well,—let them remain for a time longer, but it slnill riot bo for long, ; Wo must wait until our very dear friend in yon der chamber of tho -.mountain iS able to be up and doing. Ho in the man upon -whom tho final solution -depends.: We will not cajl his name, but, my dear girl, do not you think badly of him. Bo sure ho is not bo black ail ho is painted." - ~ .. With this tho young man roso quickly from hie chair, and took two or three turns to and fro across tho room._ Onco he stopped near ireno,. and gazed into her face. Then-.ho ' walked'-'to and fro once u\orc, and finally,' wiih slow and thought ful stop, he returned to his seat, whioh ho movcd?nearer to tho maiden before ho eat down. ? " Irene," ho said, speaking with solemn eamestuess, " I wish you to answer.me a. question—to answer it from your heart* [ would have you look to youi , own good ; but, if you can, give a littlol bought to mc and my weal. If you thought—if you be lieved—tliat you could iniike of mo n good and happy man—n ninii : who should be of some use to his fellows and of value to his country—would you give yourself to the work ? Would you, bo willing to place your hand in miuo, and go with mc to the end!" ?'? *' '?'.''. \ . His eyes of celestial bliio worobrimmin!; and beaming with a light that, was infi nitely tender and true. The quivering maiden folt lior own'eyes fill; hbr "bosom lieiived tumultuoualy; and she could no moro lmvo spokon at tlio moment than aho couldhavol flown. .? "?''?'? ' ; '.?'? Wolfgang took her unresisting handj , and repeated the question. Ho epoka very softly, and with an earnestness, that ; wae of the heart. A little time ho waited, and then said: ???-!'.. : ' ?, . , ; " Irene, —you do not refuse mo ? You'dp not gay mc nay} Then, dear girl, will-you by and by, when you havo consulted yoiu own heart, and reflected moro dooply, give mc Bn answer ?"'?'?' . '; "Yes, yes," eho cried, and sho would have buried hor faco in her hands, but ho gently hold them fust, trhiio ho presently whispered: ? "I wish you would tell mo that I may hope. li'one, I havo not told ? you how beautiful you are, nor havo I told you how deeply and aixlontly I. havo learned, in this briuf tinio to Iqyo you. I would not have asked you that quppliun if n;y love—tho deepest, purO?t.lovo : niy heart can knoU'— had not been all your own. And now— givo mo a sign, that I may livo in hope of.a liappior, bettor life than 1 havo ever yet known." ' . ?'??'. , Slio looked wp, and mot his ardent gazo, and its wondroue wist fulness conquored.; A ewcot, loving smilo broke through the gath ering moisture of her eloquent oyes as fiho, softly ?wlff&jjereci;: : ?, ; ? ?'lf it cult make you liappici , —if it can mako you—O !.I davo not ?ay, botter— but if it can givo you liclp for tho coining timo, I would not rcfuso you tlic hupp you ask." " Ton thousand blessings for tliat'woM 1" and he lifted her hand to Irialipsi,and'im printed upon it ft lues. He had just riaen from his ; seat and was upon the point of speaking further, when tho hunter'ontercd. He Btavtcd on'b'ohold ing the yi?itor, and a"cry of suifpnso bfbko romliislips.,\ ?',' '"'-']\ '.' .'';'.'?.'."? Irene sion phoi could jipt define. How would her father, receivo,,tho 'man who.had gained from ho? ni\ ,iini)ljc : d. pledge of" love—had gained lovo itself,).- If she ffiars, thoy,\vcr,o quickly Bot;-ftt..rest;.;.. Sho '.as watching .eagerly, ansiously, and this woswhat *ho : <;??; : ,< y<j Vith an exclamation of gladnesa, follow ingtloso upoii thiVt'of' DUrprisQjiJier father grasped the visitor by tho hand," holding it with a fervont gripji and'sho/eaw m.his faco : the warmth atid fervor of genuine affection. ';'!. i".'-;--^ k ;i"/::i <.'??}'? ? . ? ''Goodold Martini" said Wolfgang; after having quieted tho huntor's fears by inform ing; liiin' that' ho ; haff conio fby way of tho secretpass, "yotirdaughtcry Giidi blfessiier for an angel of love and mercyj lias told mc ? of all Uint has ti'aijspircd'at tlib' of the oxodus of its niistess enj : her fair daughter." , . .;:. . ,' : '; : /' { '-?-- As the young nian thus : bestowed * hie heart's blessing upon his fair tho hunter gazed first upon tho'ap'eaker and then upon his daughter jnnd one who watched liar rowly would hayo seen an o'x'prcbsion of Ihii nito. joy and, satisfaction jupoii his'honest 'face. Ireno tho die was cast.". .; , ; ~,.: ~..,,j. r . The two men cynveraoir;* Httlo furih.or, after -Which, tho , huntoE: o cautioned, f his daughter to keep tho visit cjf Wolfgang to herself, then took his visitor by the ar.m and led him tow aids the asylum of tho wounded chieftain. , , \ , < (To' be Continued) , I 030 —000 vi , | At iv final exapiin ition the jnofessorgava a very difficult question to one of tho can didates Tho nervous pupil remained silent. '* Como away, my boy," said tho examiner, paternally ; "don't bo troubled. Does tho question ombarrass jouf" "It isn't the question that bothers mo," replied the pupil, ' "it is llio answer !" % " , 00O—000 ( "Wo hd\o n spin of liojscs," Bold an economist tho utUcr day, " on our farni, that (support tlieiuseUes without any i,ost ' " Why, how, h tli.it /" exclaimed .i listener. " Why, jou sou," lcninikcdtlio questioned, "ono 11 a saw hoisu, the otlici a clothes horso." "?'?'??? (100—OOO ' Sterne, who used hie 'wife ve'ry'ill,'was talking to Garrick, in' exuberanco ofeenti mentiility, iii- praise of conjugal- loya l liud fidelity. "'The husband, 'Hiiid liej' behares iiukihdly to liis wife,-,deserves to h'avo liis liousa' burried ov-(jr"his' ; hiad." ."If you 'think so," said GiyT'icki ; 'fl j; ift>pe your houso is insured." ''..:: ??J^ ? : ? ?? ? '?' ! < ? ?"? ?? ..? '? ?:.::'j.:\U;'Q ,.. ... ?. ._ ~ 000—000/ r -.. ~; !. ; "Yes," .lio, said ;." I attended iv]tiaU;%hfc hi Mexico oaice, and I.,ihuiougiilyV.epjpyed it." " I cannot ..undorstandsjhqw 'ono','can ! enjoy, a brutal affair of. that kind; , .' reply. " Nothing brutal aboutithp I: refer to." " Don't,.you consider, .brutal for n lot of Mexicans to yaiilvnly,- kill a bull V.' " Yea, but in this'casts abuUkJlled a lot of Mexicans." '?-?„'? ? v.'-v. - . i'J " " When a'youiig umn waltzosi" : ;Wl'it6s a master of the ceremonies to 'a papoi ,^.' " ho, will do wisely to keep his fnigcrs still." No thing aggravates a young lady mope tiicui to imagine you are trying to cdunt iho wlialo* bones in her dresis." ' : ' :! "^ opo—obo ,' ' ;??','''''"l;',".-. ".?;?? A paper heade an article "How' Hatters ore poisoned." But who w.anta to poleon ?? hatter?' It b 'tho shoemaker who.pfo mises to have your boots done on Saturday night, and disappoints you. you want to kill. ..,,;. ...i,,..".'!! , , .; ' ..'; , ; : . 000—000', .-,?, V "Why should :a , red white milk?' , was the subject for^discussioii' in a literary society. After an hour's, eMtiosb'' fdobate, tho secretary wasf uiatniotcd. to milk tho cow and to bring in a depision ac-" cording to the merits of tho milk. It was blue.. :,..., .', . ..... .obo—dob *-.?? A nmn went into tho bush 'last Sunday for a'walk,' J Ho carried, hia overcoat; oii hia'arin',' : bUt finding it burdenaomo hxingit. on'afeucc. Taking a card from his pocket ho wrote: "Do not touch Uiis coat; in fected with smaH-pox." Ho catao back two houi? lator and found the, card,' upon which was Written underneath his .warning: "' Thanks for the coat; tho small pos." '" . ?'..?,"; .'...' ./ '.' '[. '. "'.',.'.:' l' r . ? ;.:..'.? :.-' ,000-7000 .",.??'??????!? ?' "Aro you goiiig to merl" asked a Melbourne man to a frieud, who is an invalid. . " ; "Oil, yes, and I am going to bathotlu-eo times a clay," was tho reply. " . "Do you think it will do you any good?" . ?*? ,; :".?'-''. " Yea ; the doctor says I must tako a toddy after each bath to restoio tho circu- Tiiat's \vtiy it does lito good." "Well, I'm going, io6, this sumiiier. That's just the kind of iv valid lam." : . ' . . -', ; 600—006 ' ? .'.?.?.? ]!"'..?'';.. A worthy old fanner, who thofouglily detested taxes tax-gatherora, was (uico ' called on My a collector ii?ccond tinio for taxes ho hail paid,.'but for which he : lwrtj mialaid tliiTreceipt; and, as Ko story to a .friond, oxclaimed : -.ft, Would you boliove it, sir, tho fellow began t? aibuso mc!" ""Well," Haid his friend "what did you do ?" "Dol Vfliy, I va iiiouatmted with him I" '! Aud to what tifleet?" "Well, I don't know to what effect; but tho poker was bent 1" , ; 