Amusements. Theatre Royal. — The large audience -which filled the Theatre Royal on Wednesday to see Mr. Warner play Hamlet had a gratification not always accorded to audiences who crowd theatres to see how an actor can play Hamlet, for Mr. Warner's performance was ome which gave satisfaction throughout. And to accomplish this is eomething of which any actor may be proud. His Hamlet will not live in dramatic history as 'the Hamlet' of his time. That is rendered impossible by the fact that the public of older and greater countries than Australia see fit at present to prefer other Hamlets before his. But those others are few indeed, and against them, may be placed the very many Hamlets of reputable actors which are decidedly inferior to Mr. Warner's. For us, in Sydney even, more than this may be said. The older playgoers among us will probably remember Hamlets with -which they can compare that of Mr. Warner, and without detracting from the merits of his per formance will not wave,r in allegiance to their old Wrings. For our younger playgoers, how ever, Mr. Warner's Hamlet can only teach a magnificent lesson. It cannot fail to show them how the part should be played, in contradistinction to more than one recent effort, which effectually showed them how it should not be played. The Hamlst of Mr. Warner is a refined, scholarly, and natural performance. If it is not great in a display of genius (and to be that is permitted to very few actors in ' Hamlet'), it is admirable in every sense. The make up of the actor gives the intel lectual refinement to his face which is inseparably associated with every conception of Hamlet. And his acting is free altogether from a blot that could impart coarseness to it. Naturally then, Mr. Warner's Hamlfet, being so excellent, in terested his audience in a marked manner. The ap plause he obtained at times rose into enthusiasm so spontaneous and lasting was it. Of the icany gene ?-ral beauties in bis portrait of the character which will always be the aim of famous actors, perhaps the best was in the scene with Horatio and Mar cellus after his father's spirit has made its fearful revelation. Here, by quiet and subtle touches, lie showed, ia a most artistic manner, the terrible mental struggle which was going on within him. But let it be eaid also that Mr. Warner plays Hamlet as one whose mind has never become unhinged despite his mental struggle. Mr. Warner's Hamlet is not mad. Next to the principal character, the best played part was that of Horatio, by Mr. Herbert Fleming. It was manly and strong, without being needlessly demonstrative. Mr. West played a conventional king'. Mr. Frank Gerald tried to play Laertes, but cannot be said to have accomplished his wishes. Mr. Edwin Palmer's Polonius conveyed a rudimentary idea of the part, while Mr. Clitheroe's First Graredigger gave a finished picture. Mr. Vincent's Ghost was dignified, and sufficiently suggestive of that unbroken melancholy monotony which accords ?with the traditional- rendering of the part. The business of his entrance and exit in the chamber scene was good. Miss Isabel Morris, as Ophelia, showed how capability in an actress will overcome physical qualifications not suited to a part. Miss Jenny Watt Tanner looked and played the Queen as the part should be looked and played. The remaining characters do not call for special comment, feut helped to give a very even representation, more particularly Mr. Vincent's First Player. The scenery, if not all new, was well arranged, and the whole play was mounted and staged with the completeness which characterises all productions at the Theatre EoyaL Miss Von Finkelstein's Lecture. — Before an audience which crowded every part of the Young Men's Christian Association Hall on Wednesday night, Miss Von Finkelstein delivered another of those wondrous word pictures by which, she tells the story of Palestine as it is to-day and as it was when it cradled tie faith of Abraham, of Isaac, and of Jacob. The life of Palestine of to-day which is the life of Palestine more than forty centuries ago is shown by this talented lady, and. comes as revelation to those who have merely learned from books, more remarkable for their zeal in religion than for their accuracy. For the first time we learn from Miss Von Finkelstein what that life, so different to ours in its ways, was and is, and we learn it in a manner that appeals direct to our intellect, and which cannot but afford intellectual improvement. The lecture of last night, under the title ' The Jews in Palestine,' illustrated by appropriate groupings and accessories, as well as by its words, the daily life of the Jews in Jerusalem, their social and public customs, all their ways of life so strange to us, and yet in Email things often recalling our own email social ways, are placed befor* an audience by Miss Von Finkelstein in the most eloquent and picturesque and yet most realistic manner. Betrothals and wed dings, the feast of the Passover and of the Atone ment, were pourtrayed in a detail that was delightfully interesting. The TalmudiEt or Scrip ture student was described, and also the desire of ladies to marry them in order to secure ' a golden seat in Heaven and a family ticket.' In telling of ' all the social costumes of the Jews in Jerusalem Miss Von Finkelstein was pleasantly humorous when to be so was appropriate, while on the other hand the great and solemn Passover Feast was described and illustrated in a manner that bespoke the deepest reverence. These lectures are the most novel and at the same time the most highly instructive which have ever been delivered in Sydney. Apart from the intrinsic interest which must attach to them, they are so completely and so attractively new, and Miss Von Finkelstein herself is so talented, that they present an attraction to all people with minds which should be irresistible. The lec ture under notice will, be repeated to-night. The Kinks. — Elite : Still the youth and beauty of Sydney flock to this popular pavilion to enjoy the pleasant sensation of a round on the rollers. A good attendance was registered yesterday and last night. Miss Mabel Sylvester's clever and graceful evolutions on the skates meets with undisguised approval each evening. Mr. Skinner, who is always trying to please the public with some novel attraction, an nounces bis second grand children's carnival to take place on Friday evening, August 24. ? Crystal Palace : An enthusiastic assemblage of ^ rinkers, with the fair sex in the ascendant, ' streamed into the Crystal all yesterday and even ing. To-night the whole of the Sydney cyclists, together with their Melbourne brothers, will be present ; and the popular manager, Mr. Wybnrd, has arranged to keep the rink open until 11 p.m. Little Nellie Donegan and her comical mite of a brother still continue to charm the people by their clever ' business ' on the skates and bicycle respectively. The little lady doe3 honor to her tutor, Mr. Sylvester, Her performance with two wheels on each foot instead of- four is marvellous. The thousands of incandescent fairy lamps shed a pro fusion of alternating -lights, which still remains unparalleled. ? 