MY THREE STRANGE DREAMS. -r, " - ' Va j--- - ; ' . (NEW; TOBK BUN). 'Aro fliroo gliosis?' toult people, as you corns to i maety-fiTC wUl retarn a prompt negative. Propound the query. Ja there anything, in dreams ?' to one hundred- auuics, and. it is doubtful if one-fifth of them wdlgeply m the negative. Indeed, it may safely beasserted that at least mnety-five adulte out of every hundred the world over ha,ve had drtams i which were whblly or in part tulfiiled. It isn t so very wonderful that the = i. refase to sleeP with the body, and should wander away from it into strange realms ; but 'having dreams' and ' seeing ghosts is placed so nearly on a level by scof- ieiS that one fears to own to a dream which has come true. And yet ninety-five per cent, ot us believe in dreams, whether we admit it or not. In my time I have had three remarkable dreams. "While no more remarkable than hundreds of others given to the public, I woqld not give them her except thoy had oiyje been pnblicly talked about, criticised, mid shown to be remarkable. The first occurred when I was eleven years of age.- At that time my father sold his farm in Lorain comity, Ohio, and purchased another on the banks of the Ohio River, about twenty miles below Cincinnati. This was in the sprint of 1S52. I had a felon on my foot — what is called a ' frog felon'— when we moved, and was not able to be out of the house for two weeks. There was another period of ten or twelve days in which I had to use a crutch. . The- back end- of our farm touched the river;1 and was quite heavily wooded. I wanted to go down there, boy-like, but was not yet able to do so, when I fell asleep on the lounge in the sitting-room one afternoon and ha<f tlffw dream._ 1 dreamed of seeing two men on the river in a skiff. One was a heavy-set, villiaacus looking fellow with close-cropped hair and whiskers. The other was a lighter and younger man, with black hair and a moustache. One had on a cap, and the other- -a. hat. The 'oMer-man> had- a -large silver ring on1' a" '"fihge bHhe Kght" hand, and he was using the oars. The name of the boat was the Gem. Had I been wide awake and looking at the two men and the boat from a distance if five foot, I ccuid not have seen them more clearly. What seemed queer to me in my dream, however, was the fact that I could not hear their voices. I saw their lips move, but I could not catch their tones. The men stood landed in the mouth of a creek, where their boat was hidden by the bushes. When they stepped ashore they carried an old-fashioned carpet bag between them. They walked away from the river into the timber until they aame to a tree which had bc-en turned, up by the roots. The cavity thus made was full of dead leaves, and in this place they hid the bag. Then they looked about to fix the location, and, after a few minutes, returned to their boat and rowed away. They were crossing the river when mother called to me and broke my sleep and the dream. I told her what I had seen, but she laughed at it. When father came in I told blm, and he was at once interested. He said there was a creek just as I had described, and he believed he had noticed an uprooted tree, and he promised to go to the spot next morning. He was called away, however, and three days later, and, during Li3' absence, I limped out into the woods. I found the creek with out trouble, ana from thence I went straight to the upturned tree and found the bag. Everything looked as familiar tome as if I had seen it before. The satchel was not only there, but it was so heavy that I could not lift it. I returned to the house and told mother, and we took a hand sled down, and in that way conveyed it to the house. There we opened it and found two bags containing four hundred Mexican silver dollars each, tog-ether with silver knives, spoons, and forks, and some costly jewellery. Father came home that night and at once notified the Sheriff, and there we learned that tha . plunder was the result ox two burglaries in Gineinuati. A detective came down to see us. He was a hard head, who wouldn't believe in anything he couldn't see, but he had to go down before ray dream. My description of the men tallied with that of two feiiows under suspicion, and a watch was at once placed at the mouth of the creek. It was tea days before the men returned, and were taken into custody, and they had not been under arrest an hour when they con fessed to the robbery . The detective hated to give into, the dream theory, and I think he went away believing- that I was out in the woods and saw the men land. I could not have walked there to begin with, and mother was in the room all the time I lay sleeping. It was exactly as I have told you, and the je.weller sent me down one hundred of those big silver dollars to show Ms gratitude at my recovering- 2,000dol. worth of his properly. About threo years later I went to visit an aunt in eastern Kentucky. It was near a hamlet of half a dozen houses, and, of course, I soon knew all the people. Four or five miles away "lived an old bachelor who was known as the hermit. He was then fifty years old, lived all alone, and people said he had money buried under . his fireplace." He dressed in rags and went barefooted, and was always a subject of remark. My aunt had a farm about a mile and a half from the town, and one afternoon, as I was returning b-nTrtR after making some purchases at a store, a man whp sat ra a fence corner called me over to him and asked if I knew the hermit. I told him what I knew, and he seemed much interested and observed : I t'hirsk he is my brother George, who left home thirty years' ago and has not been heard of sinceri I was a green country hoy, and he had no dijfioulty in pumping ms to his heart1 s con- tent. I remembered afterward of his asking -if it wasn't reported that the hermit hud money, ana of my replying that ©m "hired Ypan said he had thousands of dollars hidden away He asked if I . had evey been to the hermit's place, whether he was known to have a gun, and other .questions which "h&a.; ho groat interest for me runtih- several days afterward. When I went home 1 told the folks about meeting the stranger, but the matter excited ittle comment, aud it was not in my mind when I went to "bed. I slept with "the hired man. I was asleep, ami .had been for an hour, when he came to bed. ii was also asleep when he turued out in the morning. ' V. >; .- I -Hbri; Now, then, that night I had my second singular dream. Mind you, I had never ; been to the hermit's place bar heard it described. . All at once I found myself in front ofihis httle log house, and l knew that it was his. The place Igpked poverty poor. I noticed the single window in firont, a leach in the yard, an; old scythe hanging up in a tree, a grindstone with ate face broken, and a path leading buck to a spring. I was surveying the place when I heard loud and angry voices in the house and saw a light at the window. I climbed over the pole .fence and looked in. The hermit was down on his knees, and a man stood over -him with a club. They were talking, but I could not hear what they said. That is, wMLe their lips moved, no sound reached myeass. I under stood,. however, that the man was" the stranger I had met down the road that day. He was after the hermit's money, and was threatening Ms life. By and . by, seemingly out. of patience, the stranger gave the hermit a blow on the head which laid him out. Just at that moment the clock in the cabin struck eleven. The man stood for a moment, looked around him as if startled, and then began rummaging. He took the bed first, but found nothing. Then, he hauled everything out of an old chest, looked - into a cupboard, and, being still unsuccessful, he went to the .door for a spade leaning against the logs. With this he pried up the hearth stones, but no money ! was to be found. Then he searched the body, and brought to light a purse with a. small amount of silver in it. , I, could see that he eylkhis' faifefe, ' fot Ire kicked the body at Ms feet several times, and slammed things around with heavy hand. I think he meant to fire the place, for he was emptying the straw out of the bed when some noiso outside alarmed Mm. He started up, looked wildly around; and after a minute passed out doors. He came within three feet of me, and I saw blood on Ms hands. He r«»n. to tlie -i.en.ee, sjozana; ever, vss j soon lost on the highway to the north. - ; : "The first tiling Idid after getting my clothes bit in the morning was to tell my aunt and the hired man. The latter had been to the hermit's place, and he. was well aware that I had not. He began to sneer as I started to relate my dream ; but when I began to describe -things as he knew they existed, he took a horse and rode over to see a constable. The officer came and heard my story, , and then the two rode to the hermit's place and found everything as related. The , the hermit was at first supposed to be dead, but a closer examination developed faint signs of life, and the doctor who was sent for succeeded in restoring consciousness after a couple of days. It was to find, however, that the hermit, never more than half-witted, was now clean daft. Meanwhile the Sheriff and Ms officers were at worir. There wasn't a railroad or tele graph line within a hundred miles of the place, but an alarm was sent out by the stag e routes and by all travellers, and in about a week the would-be murderer was caught. He had not travelled over thirty miles. In my dream I saw blood oh. his hands. It was Ms own blood. In ransacking the house he cut Ms right hand severely on some object, and this had not healed when he was arrested. Ail the evidence against the man, who called himself John Hillsop, was. circumstantial, and very lean circumstance at that. I had met him on the Mgkway, and he had inquired about the hermit, as I have related. Curiously enough, no one else had seen him. The Sheriff believed the man guilty, however, and gave him to understand that the son of the hermit's nearest neighbour had witnessed the whole affair. I was taken to the gaol to confront Mm. He was sullen and defiant, but as I charged him with the crime and detailed the circumstances , he broke down and confessed. While he was being held to await the death or recovery of his victim he died of typhoid fever in gaol. My evidence, based on a dream, would not have counted for a feather in court, and, although he had confessed the crime, a smart lawyer could have cleared Mm had he lived. The third dream oceured on the night of the 17 th of June,. 1372. I was then at Laredo, Texas, having arrived two days before. I was in bad health, and had been in bed mo3t oi the two days, stopping at the house of my brother. On this night I dreamt that I was abroad in the night on. a lonely highway on foot. I noticed a grove of trees, several turns in the road, two or three ranch houses, and other things, and by -and- bye I saw a light on the prairie ahc-ad of me and off to the right. I left the read to approach it, and as I drew near I saw a man sleeping under his blanket, while Ms horse was, picketed near by. I stood gazing at the sleeper when two men came creeping up, and one of them raised an axe and brought it down with all force on the victim's head. I saw Mm quiver and straighten out, and then the murderers proceeded to go through Mm. They took Ids watch and money, saddled Ms horse, and then rode off on their own, leading the extra one. Before going they covered the dead man with Ms blanket. I perceived that they were talking, but not a word could I hear. As an offset, however, my vision was very" acute. I saw that the watch was a gold hunting case, and that the revolver they took had a pearl handle, with silver arrows let in on the sides. I had started to follow the men when some noise awoke me, and I found the house astir and breakfast going. I at once asked my brother -to" send for the Sheriff, and when that official came I inquired : Is there a highway ruiming out of here on which there is a. grove of trees to the right, just before you come to the ranch house ?' ' These is,' he promptly answered. ' That is the one leading- toward Corpus Christ!.' ' Beyond this the road bends to the left?' 'It does.' ' Aid after a bit there are two more houses j Yes, air ; they belong to Dutch farmers.' 'And then comes a- long stretch of prairie? - _ 'Yes.' " , ' Agquarter of a mile off the road to the right, you will find the body of a murdered man.' He did not scoff at my dream. On the contrary/he seemediiMch. implied. When he asked me tp describe the men I said : Onehadlong: blaek;hamlo ; .b blackeyeh, h of Sis month was drawn np.JG 1 " V : " 'That's Texas Joe tp a dot!' lie ex claimed. . . "b -1 ' The other was dark, hadMgIi cheek bones, a.moustache, very white tecsth, and he . lifted ' That's Mexican Jim, Joe's, partner, and it's a piece of their bloody work.' . " He started at once .for . the seene . of - the crime, which was about eight males away, but he had not gone half way when he met men bringing the body - in. .V The murderers had crossed thcgitio Grande; and tiiey were never taken for the crimes but within a week the Sheriff got hold of the watch and pistol, which they sold, and there could be no longer any doubt that lay dream was authentic- in all details. The reader may scoff, as men will at the mysterious, but I have given facts. — Mew York Sun. 