THE RITUAL OF THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-At would be a pity if the desire of " Layman" for an answer to the question, " Mil) I ask. . , where the Church Hiawatha rised anyone to call the Lord's table an altar ?" should remain unsatisfied If no other correspondent has answered it, may I be permitted to do so with all possible brevity Î In the prayer-book of 1519 the terms 11 Lord's Table," "Und's Board and "Altar" were useelindiliereiiily. in the book of 1552 the term "Altar" disappeared. In that of 102 "-miles Bourel" also disappeared, and the Lord's Table" or Holy Table" only mentioned. The compilers of the book of 1552 probably dropped the term "altar" for the same reason as they omitted " Prayer for the faithful Dep rated," viz, on account of its close association in the minds of the people with those "Sue wheels of Misses" condemned in Article XXII At the same time they n in time is that the book of 15411 war compiled " by the and of the Holy Ghost," that it contained "nothing superstitious or ungodly "or linen was not agreeable to the Word of God and the primitive church. Canon Vii of lulu states that "the Holy table maybe called an altar by us in that s use which the primitive t li crew called it an utter " These canons, by an Act of Parliament of Charles II , are allowed full custom our authority), but line not the force of an Actor Parliament The term "altar," again, is used in the ' tree of the Holy Communion at the S vereigns coronation. It is a form of service prepared and used by the bishops of the church, though it has no synodical authority, This your correspondent seems aware of. The use of the term by English churchmen is, however, justly! able on other and wider grounds The Lord's table, us such, is an altar, and may, therefore, be rightly called so Whatever doubtful! interpretation the lan gun case of the English Prayer book may admit of, there is no doubt ties to me language of scripture on the subject, or the consent of Ciiriste-iidotn, ictitjiLi, ubique, et ab mining law. The "altar" is the table which is before the Lord, as may be seen by referring to sucin Scriptures as he kiel til 22, with. 15, lb, valued i. 7. lb 1st tor. 5. 18 21, St. Paul speaks of the Lord's tulle as the dialogue in the church at the Ararat Judumm und heathenism, on the ground that the least purl taken of from each was li means of com- man! in and a seal of Holieleirity with the spiritual world to which they severally hut! relation. If we turn to ecclesiastic usage, we find that in all the great writers of Christendom, from St Ignatius, the friend and disciple of tsu John, during a comparatively recent times, the Holy table is habitually called an altar. in the 1' eastern churches of to-day, the name in common use in their energies, to in our Prayer-book, is " the Holy table." but it is none the less everywhere regarded, and. as one that requires, sp taken of, as an "altar been English Petitioners us Bishops Ridley and Latimer, and a host of Anglican divines too numerous to mention, call the Holy table an altar." So does the Noncon for miss Richard Baxter (quoting in support Hebrews xi. 10), and John Wesley, the founder of Methodism It seems to me, therefore, that any attempt to draw a dog. no distinction between two terms which Christendom as a whole, or of heart 1,800 years, bus regarded! as synonymous, or us representing tweeds. forent aspects at one and the smile sure meal, is simply to strive about words to no iron but to the subverting of them that -Yours, ice., PRESDYl'ER. Nov. 15. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS, Sir-in your issue of the hill IMBI, Mr. Brodribb, in paragraph 3 of his letter, says: I am asked where the church has authorised the use of cross and altar lights above the Lord's table." "'The courts have so interpreted the ornaments, rubric at the beginning of the Prayer-book," 5 It Mr. Brodribb will refer to a book called 'tecy Man's Own Lowther, published in 1888 by) Crosby, Lockwood, unit Co , he will there see that Lord Penzance ruled that a cross on or so placed as- to appear to be connectd with the communion table was illegal, m Yours. c. Dural v. iVarstors. Nov. 16. CARTHUSIAN. 