The Irish Party. (Sae group of portraits on this page.) The hiatory of the past twenty years has marked i didtiaotivo ohange of thought and management wit] robard to the affairs of Ireland. The idea thai " jastioe for I'oland" was to be attained by open o secret rehallion was abandoned as hopeless; and thi vile plots of Fonianism had disgusted the bettoi classes of Irish patriots. Thoro was a vague idea true froodom was obtainable without recourse toviolonoo Bat there wag no ono to Bhow from what direouor the froodom was to oome. The Irish members of thc House of Commons had neither energy nor spirit, They protested against the constant negleot ot Irish affairs, whian, it was well kaown, was almost systematio ; but the protest resulted in nothing, and perhaps was ouly half-hearted in the absence of a loader. Suddenly A NEW LIGHT broke over the whole condición of affairs; and it aroso frota an unexpected quarter. Ia 1869 Mr. Gladstone passed tho Irish Churoh Disestablishment Bill ; and in 1870 the first Irish Land Bill was in- troduced. It was evident at onoa to the prinoipal men of all parties that the door had thus boen opened for the in- troduction, by peaceful and oonstitutiona! means, of all the ohangoa whioh were required for the relief of Ireland. From that time Home Halo was no longer a mere dream. It waa a goal whioh oould be reaohod by taot, energy, and persevoranoe. The first man who dearly peroeivod this fact was ISAAC BUTT. ! tt» son of a Protestant clergyman in the North of Ireland. He began life as an Oranaremau, and Con- servative, and strongly opposed O'Connell's repeal movement in 1841, and though he had a seat in the House of Commons, was better known by his oxer» tiona as a barrister in defenoe of Irish political prisoners. Gradually his politioal opinions hid ohanged ; and when the Irish Ohuroh Aofc was passed he waa a Nationalist. That Aot oauaed a great deal of bitter feeling on the part oí Orangemen and Protestants, arising from their dread that it strengthened tho hands of the Roman Catholics. Consequently, they were porfeotly willing ia May, 1870, to join the Nationalists in theory in favor of an Irish Parliament for Ireland. At a general meeting of all parties, held on the 19 th of that month, Mr- Butt's motion to that offoot was oarried unanimously ; and he at onoe booame leader of the movement afterward known aa " Home Eule." Bat, notwithstanding the popularity of Mr. Butt, and his many kind-hearted qualities, ho was not strong onoagh to do more than attend to tho early atages of tho Nationalist oauae. Ho re-entered Parliament in 1871 aa member for Limerick, and, aa far aa individual effort waa concerned, he distinguished himself But he did not aufSoiontly undorstand party taotios; and he under- estimated, probably, the force of the people whioh waa behind him It beoame too evident that he would have to aar render the position of leader to younger men. In 1878 thia ohange waa made ; but that and other sorrows broke his heart, and he died in the following year. He had, however, aooomplished great and valuable work, and, indeed, paved the way for tho stronger and more soiontifio leadership of CHARLH8 STEWART PARNELL. Mr. Parnell, who ia a Protestant, waa the eon of John Henry Parnell, of Avondale, oounty Wioklow, and Misa S be warb, daughter of R^ar-Ad mirai Stowart, "Old Ironaides," of the Araerioan navy. Thia lady is tho Mr«. Parnell of to-day, mother of the Irian leader. Ho waa born in Avondale in 1846. and waa odaoatad in England, graduating in the University of Cambridge. Although brought ap aa a Conserva- tivo, he ?r*dually, aa. ho bogan to study politios, iaolinei to the Nationalist side; and when ho entered Parliament in 1875 it was aa a pronounoed Nationalist. For the first two yeara ha spoke very seldom in the House, and not very aooeptably. Butt's gentle temporising did not suit him ; and the germs of the present Parnell party then in the House determined upon a new departure. Hitherto the intarferenoe of Irish members in British or Imperial matters had been resented ; while the proposals made by them for their own oountry were voted down. Parnell set himself to altar this Btxte of things, and to take part in all the debates. The "English Faa tory and Workshop A.ot " of 1878, the Mutiny Bill of the same year, and tío " Army Disoipline and Regulation Aot" of 1879, all boar tho marks of hia intluenoe. But there was also ano her movement set on foot, namely, that of making the Irish party in- dependent of all the English factions, and using ita influenae solely for the advanoement of Irish interests. The former polioy was but to fulfil the duties involved in membership of the House of Commons ; tho latter has made the Irish party instru- mental in tho overthrow of two governments. Mr. Parnell has all the qualities of an opposition leader. To him has boen attraotod a band of ardent Bpirits, young and old. He oan fight if need ho ; he oan diplomatise if that be better. Cool, intrepid, with a keen mind and an unflinching purpose, ho is an enemy to bo avoided. No situation seems to baffle him ; and while others may rise to white heat of passion he remains calm. And yet there ia a suppressed passion in his words whioh powerfully appeals to the hearer and reader. In the earlier part of hts Parliamentary career these qualities were ei'hor lacking or undeveloped ; and he then lost many a point by hia want of Belf-oommand. Yet Mr. Parnell oannot be a&id;, as a mle, to bear too muoh the burden of his position. Jp.e rather direots; othors work. He never makes Himself too oheap. Hie strance disappearances from the aoene of aotion, whioh bailie the onlooker, and more than onoe have appeared to endanger the snooeas ot his polioy, have ctn^ied method in them. They lend an impressive- ness tn his utterances and appearances whioh might not otherwise bo sooured. He is always there when needed ; and, if nooessarv, no one oan throw more toroa into the work than Parnell. JOSEPH GILES BIOÖMl waB eleoted for Gavan in 1874, and ÍB well known in the house aa "Joe" or "Joey B." He ÍB the inventor of that now well-known mode of obBtrnotion known as " talking against timo." He spoke on the Coeroion Bill in 1875 for four hours. Though this time has sinoe beon greatly exoceded, yet it waa then thought a remarkablo feat ; and the notion was one of whioh Mr. Parnoll did not fail to maVo use as one of tho weapons of MB party. But Mr. Bigtrar has aorvod hie o&uso; well in other respects. His manner ia Bomowhat harsh : and when he first rose to addroBB the Houeo Lord Boaaonsfiold is Baid to havo asked in Burpiise. "Whot'B that?" Bohind a forbidding oxtorior Mr. Biggar hidos a kind and gonorous disposition, combined, however, with an intense hatred of tho Saxon rooe. JUSTIN H'OARTH-r is a native of Cork, and is now 56 years of age. He waa roturnod for Longford in 1879, and for London- derry in 1886. As journalist, novoliat, and historian he has boon a highly anoooBBful man. His novóle are popular ; hu " History of our Times " hos riaen to tho rank of a standard work ; and he has worked hard aB a reporter and journalist in London. He is regarded politically aa a fair-minded man ; bat, although polished in manner, and oonrtenua in bear- ing, he ÍB quito SB determined a Home Baler aa the mostviolent of the party. . Quite a different stamp of man is TIMOTHY MICHAEL HEALY, or " Tim.," as he ie oommonly oalled. He ia 32 years of age, and was born in Bantry, oounty Cork. At the age of 14 years hi started in the world for him- self, and two vears afterward obtained a small clerk- ship on the North- Eastern Railway in NewoaBtle. At 17 he waa Booretary of the looal Irish Literary Institute, and at 18 of the looal Home Rule Associa- tion. He Btudied politics thoroughly, and einoe his arrival in London, when 22 yearn of age, he has been constantly before the pnblio. He has been arrested several times, and suspended by the Speaker of tho Commons, bat all to no avail. He remains the indomitable " Tim." of hts party. While he waa cor- respondent for the Dublin NATION, Parnell, then ia America, appointed him as his private secretary. He went at onoe ; and a few months later entered Parlia- ment in 1880 as member Tor Wexford. Perhaps the moBt "The Irish Party." (See letterpress on this page.) 1\. James O'Kelly. 2. Isaac Butt. 3. JoEeph Giles Biggar.. 4. Justin M'Carthy. 5. Charles Stewart Parnell. (3. Timothy Michael Healy. 7. Michael Davitt. 8. Thomas Sexton. !). Edmund Dwyer Gray. lp. William O Brien. ll. T. P. O Connor. 12. John Dillon. 13\. Timothy Harrington. 14. Timothy Daniel Sullivan. popular thing ho has done for the people of Ireland, praotioally, ia his well- known oíanse in the Irish Land Bill of 1881. While the bill was being dis ouBBed, he offered, without a word of Bpeoob, and in a delibera! ely oareloss manner, an amendment to the Land Bill. It has now beoome famous as the '1 Healy Clause." It provided that tenants should not be taxed for improvements made by them on their holdings, and that no inoreaae of rent should be based uponauoh improvemontB. It slipped through, and waa adopted without a word of debate. The landlords were blind with rage when they oame to understand it. An enormous sum h aa been saved to tenante already ; and Healy'B portrait is worshipped on the walls of many a rudo cabin in Ireland. Healy next paralysed the British Ministry by going into a Protestant stronghold in Ulster, and gotting eleoted to Parliament. He did thia with the aid of Pro- testant farmers who wore grateful for his land olause. This was the opening np of TJfltor to the Home Balers, in whioh province and stronghold of Orangeiam they now hold a majority of seats. Healy now, besides being tbo most dotestod and fearod man by his onemies in tho Hones of Commons, is oonetantly growing in tho publio mind. As age oomea to bim ho is losing somo bf his brusqueness, gradually growing a trido diplomatie, gaining famo as a suooossfnl bar- rister, losing'somo of his flory nature, and impressing hia wonderful abilitios upon his onomioa and his friends. Two yoara ago ho was talkod about os the successor of Mr. Par noll. The wise mon of tho party wouldn't hoar of it. But to-day " Tim." haB grown in their estimation into a bigger and wiBor man ; and tho honors of undivided loadorship may yet bo in stove for him. THOMAS SEXTON, who is regarded as the most eloquent speaker among the Home Rule party, was born in Waterford thirty- nine years ago. He has all the qualities of the true orator-knowledge of words and how to UBO them, ability to gauge his audience, to win their attention and admiration in spite of antagonistic wills, and poetio imagination. . He haB also a great grasp of all questions, espeoially of finance. He ÍB most industrious and constant in his Parliamentary work, and during tho pasting of the Redistribution Bill of 1885 exhibited a remarkable mastery of details, TheBe qualities have given hi m an important place in the oounoils of the party ; and his BUOCOBB in Belfast, one section of whioh he won at the general eleotion of 1886, has given him a still farther claim upon the affeotionB of his countrymen. He too ia a iournalist, and for some years was a leader writer on the NATION, EDMUND DWYER GRAY entered Parliament as representative of Tipperary, in 1877. He was the son of the late Sir John Gray, whoso work in and out of Parliament on behalf of his country oan never be sufficiently acknowledged. Young Gray's earlioßt breath was charged with the Nationalist spirit ; and, by means of ' the Dublin FBEEMAN'S JOURNAL, the leading Irish newspaper, of whioh ho was managing proprietor, he did muoh to help the Nationalist rause. Cul- tivated, earnest, suooeasful, in the prime of his manhood, holding a high position in his native oity, one section of whioh he represented, Mr. Gray wan an important figuro in the Irish patty, though perhaps IOBB seen than some of his colleagues, whoso great work is on tho platform or speaking in the House. His oool judgment, his devotion to the Nationalist oanso, and hia opportunities of serving it, made him a tower of strength to his colleagues A oablegram reooived by ns from London last week brought the sad news of his death. T. P. O'CONNOR, the politioal organiser of the Irish party in Groat Britain, was born in Athlone in 1818. At the age of 15 he went to Quoen's College, Gol way, whero hodistin guiehod himself highly, winning many prizes, and tak- ing the B.A. dogrooatl8. In 18b7 he beoame a reporter on the Btaff of a Dublin newspaper, and af tor throe years of that work he went to London with J85 in his pookot. After many failures he obtained a sub-editorabip on the DAILY TELEGRAPH, mainly on aaoount of his knowledgo of Fronoh and Gorman. Aftor this he booame assistant to the London correspondent of tho Now York HERALD; bat losing that post, ho fell into poverty, and was rodnoed to doing all kinds of odd literary work. A sub-editorship on tho ECHO holpod him for a timo ; but on aooount of bad health he had to givo it up. It was while living in tho most abjoot poverty that ho began to write his life of Lord Beaconsfield, whioh brought him fame and money. Since then ho has written one or two successful books, and served on varions newspapers. But in 1885" he was brought into moBt prominent notice when he waB returned for the Sootland division of Liverpool ; and aa president of th* National Land League of Great Britain he has wielded, and still exeraiees, enormous influence. His latest " move" is the establishment of the STAB, a new Radical half-penny paper for London, whioh has been au enormous suooess ; 142,600 copies having been sold on the first day of its appearance. TIMOTHY DANIEL SOLLIVAN was tom in Bantry, in 1827. He suooeeded his brother, the late A. M. Sullivan, as proprietor and editor of the NATION, perhaps the moBt powerful of the Home Rule organs. He was, a Bhort time ago, Lord Mayor of Dublin. The present seorotary of the Land Le iga« ÍB ' TIMOTHY HABBINQTON, who represents in Parliament the harbor division of Dublin o'ity. Trnly he stepped through pain to fame. As proprietor of the Kerry SENTINEL he was an aotive supporter of tte Land League, and had rendered himself obnoxious to the landlord party. He was sent to prúon under the Crimes Act on aooount of a epeeoh made in Westmeath on behalf of the laborers. While in prison he was selected for Westmeath County, without opposition, and this faot was signalled to him from without the prison walls. He has made his opponents Buffer severely since that time, and, as the offioial arm of the league, has wielded a vast power. In the House of Commons his strident voiae has often disoonoerted those who, for the time, have had the power in their hands. JAMES O'KELLY ñas nada moat remarkable career. Kora in Dublin in 1845, he. was educated in the University of that oity, and joined the Frenoh army in 1863. In thia service, he fought in Algiers, and then went with the expedition, to Mexico, where he was wounded and taken prisoner. He managed to escape to Texas, and, rejoining the,army, fought through theFranoo Gorman war. Then followed an adventurous oareer as a journalist in the United States and Cuba, where the Spaniards seized him and plaoed him in a horrible dungeon. Mr. O'KeUy's latest exploit was an attempt toreaoh the Mahdi, in the oourse of whioh he corresponded for the DAILY NEWS. He entered Parliament in 1830 ; and hisooolyot daring and in- trepid oounselB are muoh appreciated by the Irish party. JOHN DILLON is known aa the author of "The Plan of the Cam- paign," the latest development of the struggle of the poor tenants against eviotion. Born in 1851, at Blaokrook, oonnty Dublin, eduoated in the capital city, a dootor by profession, he ia still a young man. But within the feeble frame there burns an intense love of his country, a deep sympathy with its suffer- ing peasantry, and a determination whioh oan never be overoome. The self-saorifioo involved in his work has led many to fear for him ; and his ÍB a life whioh Ireland could ill spare. His pure and simple nature has won the admiration of hia bitterest enemies, and reoeived a high tribute from Gladatone. For several years he had to winter in the south of Europe, and in 1883 was compelled to resign his seat for Tipperary through ilthoalth. But he was again eleoted in 1885. and in 1886 for East Mayo, a oonstituenoy he still represents. Parnell, Davitt, and Dillon have been called the triumvirate leaders of the Home Eulo party. , WILLIAM O'BRIEN. who worked with Dillon in the Plan of Campaign, was returned to the Ho nae of Commons for Mallow in 1882, aud won South Tyrone in 1885. But his work haa been chiefly journalistic, though of late he has appeared frequently on the platform, and recently haa had to defend himself against charges of con- spiracy. Ho is a native of Mallow, and waa born in 1852, being the son of an ardent Young Ire lander. When UNITED IRELAND was begun it waa to his hands that the editorship waB intrusted : and bia brillianoy, together with MB determined ana unüinohintr purpose, bas won for the paper the posi- tion it now holds. An extremist even among the Lr iah party, William O'Brien has of necessity always been in some sort of trouble. One of his brothers waa arrested for the part he took in the Fenian movement ; and the spirit of the family has always been in the direction of strong measures. MICHAEL DAVITT. The foregoing notices have been oonfined to mem- bers of tho Irißh party who have had seats in the House of Commons. But there is one man (without the mention of whom any aooonnt of the party would be incompleto) who has never entered the Honae, but who from his influence and oareer has been a moat potent faotor in the Irish party. This is Miohaol Davitt, the ex-weaver, ex- Fenian con- spirator, ex-oonviot. For bis sufferings on behalf of Ireland, for his skilful efforts to win her freedom, and not lesB for- the true spirit of patriotism whioh ha* led him to think j first of her and laßt of his own hard lot, hia country owes Michael Davitt a debt of gratitude. Few oan deny to him admiration for his work in founding the National Land League. In aomo instance he has been the leader, and as one of the triumvirate he has held the position as outside direotor of this movement. Aa a speaker and or- ganiser Miohaol Davitt has been, perhaps, the most powerful factor in tho Irish party. He has appeared at times to be in antagonism to other leaders, but not for long. Miohael Davitt has often been invited to enter Parliament. Hitherto, how- ever, be has wisely refused to oontest any seat ; for were there nb barrier existing to his sitting in the i House, many othorB may easily be found to do the I worn there, while none can BO well accomplish what he is doing outside that assembly. A detailed ! biographical skotoh of Davitt appeared in the TOWN AND COUNTRY JOURNAL some months ago. TOOLE ON OMENS.-Answering a question put to him by the PALL MALL GAZETTE as to whether he was atllioted with superstition, John L. Toole; the woll-hnown comedian, sent the following : " I beg to Bay that, like Madame Bernhardt, I have also my ' pet aversions.' Chief among them aro audiences whioh do not see my jokes ' with half an eye,' though I never saw ' half an eve, myself ; but you know the old saying. Madame Patti, you Bay, believes in ' the evil eye. ' Th oro i oems to be a run on eyes just now ; the most profitable one being, oddly enough, two namely, 'A Pair of Blaok Eyes.' I never oame aoross what you call an 'ovil eye.' If I did, I think I should oross-I moan 1 dot' it. As for 'some artists,' aö you say, 'believing in ghosts,' let me tell you that every artist bolieves in" ghosts, and more particularly in one whioh walks regularly onoe a week. I hivo muoh faith in omens. The best omen of good businesa whioh I know of ia when I am paBßing Toole's Theatre at abont a quarter to 7, and I soo a orowd of ?eoplo right aoross the street waiting for the doors o open. That is a good omon." Tho clergyman may not be muoh of a oarpontor ; but ho is. a protty good joiner. " Tight monoy," murmured an unfortunate one in tho pouce court, aa ho paid the usual fine and oosta. 