BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. An interesting phase of our political life has been developed in New Y«rk and Brooklyn in the disciplining of two political bosses whose names for several years have been synonymus of power and pelf, and the cases are exactly analogous-one being a republican and the oilier a Democrat. By tlie skilful manipula tion of these wily statesmen a Republican was triumphantly elected in a strong Demo cratic district in Brooklyn, and a red hot Democratic received an overwhelming mnjority in one of the strongest Republican districts in New York. Few names are better known in New York than that of Johnny O'Brien. Johnny has for several years past been the Jupiter Tonans of the Eighth Assembly Dis trict. The Johnny O'Brien Association is one of the features of this interesting locality, and in its ranks are to be found all*the heelers, bums and saloon-beepers of every complexion and degree. It would appear from the developments of the last election that the Republican voters of the Eighth Assembly District held their allegiance to the Republican party by an exceedingly light and uncertain tenure ; in point of fact Mr. O'Brien seems to have carried it about for sale in his breeches pocket to be disposed of to the highest bidder ; and to his credit be it recorded that he never failed to deliver the g-jods when the bargain had been fully consummated. The result of this delightful arrangement has been, that no matter who won or who lost, Mr. O'Brien came out on lop j he went, clad in purple and fine linen ; the gold of Opliir hung from his fob and the diamonds of Grolconda flashed in his bosoin. He was generous too; he (set up for the boys whenever they were thirsty, and to do them justice they were frequently dry. Then he staked them whenever they got broke and he paid their fines when they fell into the clutches of the police ; so, that, blovr high or low, for weal or woe, in victory or defeat, the boys were solid for Johnny. Mr. O'Brieu was not the only P-epublicjm who had done this sort of thing. Mike Cregm had dune the same thing for many years aud waxed fat on it; but the defeat of Thorndyke Rice f<>r Congress was the last feather on the camel's back, so after a desperate struggle the County Committee bounced Mr. Cregan. His fall broke his heart, and he died two weeks after. In Mr. O'Brieu's district, at the 1 ist municipal election, a gentleman ran on the Republican ticket for Civij Service, and he had every reason to expect being elected by at least one thousand majority, but Mr. O'Brien had a Democratic friend, a German named Steckler, who by the way was a very popular man. The surprise came when it was discovered that Steckler, the Democratic candidate, had been almost unauimously elected, for only one solitary vote was found in the boxes for the Republican candidate for civil justice. Of course there was a row and Johuny was hauled up before the County Committee, and he soon gave that enlightened body to understand that if they didn't like it they could lump it; that the district belonged to him anyway, and that he proposed to do wi'h it whatever he pleased. Implicated with him was a distinguished saloon-keeper, named Barney O'Rourke, over whose bead an indictmcnt had been hanging for years in the office of the District Attorney. In the recent election a bitter fight took place for'the Dial riot Attorneyship between John R. h el lows, who was supposed to represent the Boodle element, and DeLancey Mcol, who was the champion of the reformers. Mr. Nicol was defeated and Mr. Fellows was elected. When the ballots were counted Mr. Fellows came out on top, and two days after the indict ment that had hung over Barney for years was nolled in the office of the District Attorney. Republics are not ungrateful! For many years Mr. O'Brien has had one of i the fattest offices in the city, and he has been able to provide for an army of heelers from the ! public crib. His bank account is comfortable, i his personal appearance inviting, and his sur roundings all that his most ardent admirers could desire. The Republican County Com mitee will try and down him, but he threatens them with his vengeance in the next Presiden tial election. If the election of any President, either -Democratic or Republican, depends on the support of such heelers as Johnny O'Brien and Larney O'Rourke, the soouer our form of government is changed the better; for that of the Czar of Russia or the King of Dahomey would be peiferable to such a political dis grace. The ease in Brooklyn was that of Jolm. Y. McKane, wlio is known iu Kings County as the King of Coney Island. Mr. McKane's special bailwick is the 1'own of Grayesend, and this old town owned the fee simple of all the ground on winch Coney Island stands. Mr McKane is ostensibly Chief of Police, but this office l-epesents but a fraction of his power; he was the towns factotum and administered justice in a very summary fashion. Be it known that Coiiey Island, the beautiful, is solidly Democratic. The hardy fisherman, the farmers and old settlers, would as soon think of catching whales in Sheepshead Bav as of voting the Republican ticket. If every election district in the United Slates is as solid for Cleveland as Coney Island, the Plumed Knight might just as well pursue his archaeological studies for the next four years for there will be no change in administration, always pro vided that he gets the endorsement of John Y McKane. The fight in Mr. McKane's district was for Member of Assembly, and Air. McKane had promised a friend of his that (he' Republican should be elected, and he was. Then went forth a roar from the unterrified louder than the bull of Casham, and the in furiated clans clamored (or the blood of Mr. McKane. Mr. McKane appeared before the Democratic County Committee, avowed his treason, and himself ready to take his pea soup, aud with the slightest possible delay the Committee gave him all he wanted ; they kicked him out of his office, put another man in his place, and from this time forth the King of Coney Island ceases to be a factor in the Democratic politics of Kings County. The Democratic Committee of Brooklyn has done wisely in striking down this defiant up-start, aud the Republican Committee of ITew York has done well in decapitating Johnny O'tJrien. Parties are absolutely necessary in a govern ment like ours to intelligent political action, but let the Republican be a Republican ; the Democrat a Democrat; the Prohibitionist a Prohibitionist, aud the other a representative of United Labor. But no parties sailing under false colors ; no Thugs holding them" selves on sale. The examples of these two political leaders will not be lost, but it only proves that on the question of bargain and sale between the two great parlies honors are easy. A novel rase has been amusing the Courts this week, which is an admirable illustration of the trite old adnge, " Fools and their money," &c.; Miss Emily Guion has weathered the storms of (hirty-five years and had never secured that inestimable blessing, a hus band. How this occurred it is hard to tell, /or Emily was fair to look upon, and her avoirdupois was one hundred and eighty- two pound# ; her family was v^-y respectable, she had a good healthy appetite and twenty-five hundred dollars in the bank. INow a treasure of this kind not to have to hunt very long for a husband. But after waiting all these weary years and not finding a fellow, in an evil hour her eye fell on the deluding advertisement of one Wellman, who promised to furnish eligible wives and husbands at five dollars a head. Miss Guion invested five dol lars in Mr. Wellman's Matrimonial Bureau, and three days after she drew a prize in the person of Frank Leroy. It is true he was red headed, he had lost three of his front teeth, his left leg was a little game and his right eye off color. But a woman who has waited thirty- five years is not supposed to stand upon triflas. The old adage of " the bird in hand" struck ber -with the force of Sullivan's right duke, 60 she froze fast to Mr. Leroy at the first meeting. Li-roy was not loth to be frozen to ; so after vows of eternal fidelity and fixing the wedding-day, he struck her for a thousand dollars ; and then, perfidious brute that he was, he vanished like a ghost! During the few bliscful hours that passed between Paradise and Hades Mr. Well man struck Emily for fifty dollars, and as she considered tier Frank dirt cheap at that price, she paid it without winking. But when he did not come to time, that was another thins, so she had the matrimonial agent arres ted for swindling. She may semi Wellman to the Penitentiary, but her lover Leory and her thousand dolla's have "gone where the wood bine twineth." Another blooming damsel of thirty five is seeking balin for a wounded heart from Ar buckle of Ariosa coffee fame. Tho faithless lover has neuralgia in the jaws, sciatica in his hack, rheumatism in his legs, and malaria all orer him ; and in aJilition to (he above quali fications he was credited with a million of dollars. It will require one hundred thousand dollars to heal the wound in Miss Campbell's heart. All their old love letters are dragged into Court; he is sixty, and she might ac knowledge forty and never haye her word called in question ; but she calls him "Dear baby," and he calls her his '* Sweet bunnie." It is all riolit when whispered in the ear with a 1 gentle squeeze, but it looks very fine in cold type, ami doubJe-leadfd at that. Moral : Say whatyou like but don't write. My sympathies are with Miss Campbell. Arbuckle will not miss the §100,000, aud it will do Miss Camp bell a heap of good. Gorman Opera has got a black eye ; the re ceipts are below the expenses, arid it is thought that the box-holders will be assessed two thous and five hundred dollars a head. Too much Wagner is the cause, and the singing has not reached the standard of last year. The Prima Donnas are ready to tear each others' eyes out. JSeimanu has all gone to pieces. His voice, that was worth a cool five hundred a night last season, is only & shadow of its former self. Bock beer, American cocktails, and draw poker have proved too much for the great banloue, and perhaps Wagner lias something to answer for j however, between them they have floored poor Neimann. This will be his last aeason here. The Fhelos family and the Dodges are again in trouble. The firm of Phelps, Dodge, & Co. was known al! over the world, and tbeir names were the quintessence of respectability, piety, and wealth ; but thej have liad their trials as well as the Test of us, for they were associated in business with the Stokes, whoBe family affairs have been dragged before the Courts. Only a few years ago they were compelled to disgorge to the Government §500,000, which it -was said they had unlawfully sequestered. Then Ed. Stokes brought the family and him* self to grief by killing Jim Fiek. Eater still and tlielr uncle's estate was dragged before the Courts, and in the fight for bis money they proved the old gentleman, who had always led a reputable life, to be little better than a common drunkard. And now a young scamp of the Dodge family attempts a cruel joke on bis cousin, Miss Stokes, advertising through the papers that he was engaged to her, then that lie was married to her, and as a climax to his villainy, that he had buried her. The miserable joke has created a profound ? sensation, and the general verdict is that he deserves the penitentiary and a cowhide. 