An Impending Doom. CHAFTKK XX VI.— (t'onfinunt.) " Oh, pooh ! wua the artist, "Don't you mlk like that; it kind of makes my llcsli croon, and thoro ain't no Bcneo in it. TUoro's Aunt Dubsrah, down our way. You romind mo of her. Sho was always going on ao — wishing sho was in bosven, or some thing horrid,, tbo wUolo timo. It's want of victuals mora than anything else. You Won't hod any dinner, rtl bo bound." "No ; I could not oat." " Nor BUppor ?" " No ; I never thought of it." Mr. Parmalee cot up, and woa out of tho room and hanging over tho banistor in a twinkling. 11 Hero — you Jano Anno 1 1 Jano Anno appeared. "Fetch up euppor, and look sharp —supper for two. Go round tho corner and got us somo oysters and a pint of part, and fetch up somo bakod potatoes and hot mutton chops — and quick about it ! " " Now, thco," said Mr. Parmaloo, ic-appcariDg, " I've boeu and des patched tho slaroy for provisions, and you've cot to cat, m&rm;, whon tlioy como. I won't havo poojrto living on ono meal a day, ana wishing tboy wo ro in hoaron, when I'm about. You've got to eat and drink, or you won't go a step with mo to-morrow." The threat was offective. Tho woman looked at him with wistful, yearning, dark oyes. "I will do whatovor vou think beist, Mr. Parmoloe," sho said, humbly. "You havo boon very good to mo." " I know it," said Mr. Parmaloo, with a nod. " I alway do tho polite thing with your soz. My mothor was a woman. Sho's down in Maine now, and can churn and milk oight cows, and do chores, and mako squash pic. Oh, them squash pios of my old lady's rcquiro to bo cat to bo believed in ; and, for her sako, I always take to elderly femalo parties in distress. Hero's tho forago i Como in, Jano Anne, beloved of my soul, and dump 'em down and go," Jano Anno did. Mr. Parmaloo whipped off tho coTors, and a most savoury odour aroBo. " Now, Mrs. Donovcr, you sit right up, and fall to. Horn's oysters, and hero's mutton chops, raging hot, and bnked potatoes— delicious to look at. And hero's a gloss of port wl&o;, and you've got to drink it without a whimper. Mind what I told you ! You don't hudffa a itnn ln-mnrrnw unices you cat a hearty supper to night. 1'vo said it, and what I eay is liko tho laws of tho Swedes anil — what's-their-namcs ?' "You aro very good to mo," Mrs. Henovcr repeated, numbly and grate fully. " what would havo become of mo but for you ?" J Sho strovo to oat and drink, to plcaso him, and to sustain hor foobio strength, but ovory morsel seemed to cboko ber. Sbo pushed away her plato at last, and looked At him im ploringly. "1 caunol oat anothor mouthful. Iudeed, 1 would if 1 could. 1 havo no anpctito at all of lalo." " That's plaiu to bo seen. Well, if you can't, you can't, of course ! And now, as it's jrnal nino, tbo boat thing you can do is to go to bod at onco, and got a good sloop boforo starting on your journey." With tho somo humility she had ovincod throughout, tho woman oboyed at onco. Mr. Formal oo, loft alouo, sat ovor his oysters and' his port, 1 luxuriating in tho thirty sov- oroigns in tho present, and tho threo hundred pounds. in tbo prospective. " It's been an uncommon good in vestment," ho redacted, "and knocks the, photograph business intoacockqd liat. Thon tfioro's Sybilta— sho uoos with tho bargain too. Threo hundred pouuds, and a hwdsomo, black-eyed wifo I I wish she hadn't such a devil of a temper; hut it's in tho gram of your black-ojcd gals. I'll tako hor homo to tho farm, and if mother doesn't break hor in, sho'll bo tho first sho over failed with." Mr. Parmalco retired botiinas, slept soundly, and was up, brisk and brccay, somowhoro in tho groy and dismal daydawn. Breakfast, piping hot, smoked on tbo tablo when Mrs. Deuovcr appeared— a wan, woru epoctre, in the hollow morning light. Mr. i'awmloo. " Iloro's tho feast of roason and tho flow of soul! Go in and win, Mrs. Do&ovor.; Try that nudcrdono stcak, and don't look quito so much liko tho ghost of Hamlet' father, if you can uotp it." Tho woman tried with touching humility to pleoso him, and did hor beet, but that host was a miserable failure. A cab carno for thorn in half an hour, and whirled them off on tho first stago of thorn journoy. In tho goldon light of tho auuny spring aftornoon, Mr. Parmaloo made lus appcaranco again at tho Bluebell Inn, with a mysterious voitod lady, all in black, hanging on his arm. "This here lady is my maidon aunt, como over from tuo Stato of Maine to boo your British institutions," Mr. Parmaloo said, in fluent fiction, to the obsequious landlady. " Sbo's writiug a book, and sho'll mention tho Blue- boll favourably in it. Her narno is Hiss Hopzokian Parmaloo. Lot ber have your beet bedroom, and all tho luxuries this hero hotel affords, and I "—with a superb wavo of tho hand— " will foot tho hill." IIo lit a cigar and salliod forth, leaving his palo, shrinking companion in chargo of tho curious landlady. " Miss Hcpzekifth Parmaloo ' uinod alono, in hor own room ; thon sat by ibo window, with .white faco and atia'nud eyes,' waiting. for I'aritialoo' icturn. ' it was almost dark whon ho carno. Ho entered hurriedly, flltshod and ox- cited. "Fortune favours this bout, Mrs. Benoror!" ho said. "I've mot an old chum down on tho wharf yonder —a countryman— and I'd as soon bavo oxpocted to find tho Prosidontof tho United States in this littlo ono borso town. His namo's Davis- Captain Davis, of the schooner Ango- lina Dobbs— and bo's going to sail tor Southampton this very night, if tho wind holds. There' a streak of luck, marm ! A froo passago for you and for mo to Southampton to-nigut I" "But my — Lady Kingsland?' sho faltered. " I'ro mode that all right, too. I mot ono of tho flunkeys, an under- gardoncr, and sent word to Sybilla— a young lady that livos in tho house — that wo were hero, and that eho'd hotter sco us at once. I oxpoct an answer ovory— Ah, by George, speak of tho Hero sho is !" ItwaaMias Sybilla Silver, sailing gracofully down tho street. Mr. Par- maleo darted out and mot hor — superbly bandsomo, bor dark chocks flushed with somo inward excitomont, her black oyes gloaming with strango firo. Tbo stoical artist was fairly dazzled. " Is sho hero ? " she broathlessly oskod. I Mr. Parmalco noddod towards tbo window. It was not a rory lovor-liko greeting— tboy did not oven shako bands. But then curious eyes tvero watching them. Sybilla gazed up a moment at tho pale, haggard faco with bor gloaming oyes. "They aro alike," sho said, undor her breath—" motbor and daughter. And (hat faco is scarooly wore hag gard than tho othor now. Wo havo bad a dreadful quarrel, Mr. Parmalco, since you loft, up at tho Court." " Want to know I About me /" " Partly. About the secret— about that meeting in tho Hooch "Walk. IIo absolutely threatened bor lifo !" " Should liko to havo boon thcro to hear him," said Mr. Parmaloo. " It would ho paying off old scores a littlo. How did sho tako it?" " Sbo fainted, llcr tuaid found licr in a dead swoon noxt morning. Sbo did not toll Sir Bverard ; by my advice. He would havo bocn for making it up directly. Thov bavo not mot since — my doing, too. IIo thinks sho is sulking in licr room, lie is half-mad to bo rceoncilod— to mako a fool of himself, asking pardon, and all that— but 1 havo taken good care ho shall not. lie thinks sho is obatinato aud buIIcu i tthv lliiuks ho is full of nothing but rago and rovongo. It is laiighablo to manage thom." "Fun to you, but death to thom," observed tbo artist. " You are flinty, Sybilla, and no mistako. I'm pretty bard myself, but 1 couldn't tormont , folks liko that in cold blood. It's nemo of my bueinoas, liowovcr, and 1 don't care bow high you pilo tho agony on him. Did you toll bor tbo orderly party was here ?" " l"on. She has uot loft ber room for threo days. Sho ia the shadow of her former self, and sho was dread fully agitated upon hearing it ; but sbo answorod firmly, f I will soo bor, and at onco. I will moot hor to-night.' I &Bkod; where, and thon, for the first time, sho was at a loss." .!! Tho Beech ' . "Walk ? " suggested tho artist. . 11 Tho Beech Walk is watched.' Sir Evcrard's spies aro on tho look-out. No; I know a hotter place. Tbo young plantation slopes uown to tho very water odgo ; tuo shrubbery is tliick und demo, .tbo 'spot gloomy.. No ono ovor goes thoro. You can como by wator, ntid fotch her in' tho boat. Land on the shore,' undor tho stono torraco, about midnight. All will have retired, and my lady will uicot you thcro. "And you, Svbilla? .Tbo old lady and me, wo sail at tbo turn of tho tide for Southampton— from tboro to take passage for America. I supposo you hain't forgotton your promiso to marry mo ?" Sbo laughed 'softly— a sweet dori- sivo laugh. "Is it likolv, Goortre? I will follow you to Amorica, and wo will bo married tboro. It is impossible for mo to go with you now. x ou can wait a couplo of months, can you not?" " But " Sho laid her hand on his arm softly, and lookod up in his faco with lumi nous oyes of dusky splondour. "You must wait, Goorgo. 1 Ioyo you, and 1 will follow you, aud bo your truo and do voted wife. But you must wait a little. Say you agree, and let us part uutil wo meet again— wboro ? lu Now York "I lunpoco bo," Mr. Parmaloo responded, gruffly. ' You'ro boss in this businosu, it scorns, and I'ro got to do as you say. But it's hard on a follow. I cafk'latod on taking you over with inc." "Would you have ma go to you pcuuUees ? " If you wait, 1 will como to you with a fortune. Don't ask SuestiooH, and don't stand staring. eliove mo, and trust mo, and wait. You will bo on tbo stono torraco at twelro to-night?" "She. will," said tho Amorican. "I'll wait in tho boat. 'Taint likely they want ino to bo prosont at thou- interview. Just romind my lady to fotch along tho throb buudrod pounds, and don't lot hor fail to como. I want ! to- sail in the Augolinaj Dobbs to- night" ! ' j ; : ! "She will n«t,fail.j She; will como." Her oyes biased up with a lurid fire as sno said, it. A strango un- earthly light lit bor dark faco for an instant, and was gono. " Sho will bo tboro," sho said, "and she shall fotch the three hundred pounds Do you not fail." ' " I will not. Will you bo thero too, Sybilla ?" "I! Of course not. Thoro is no need of me." "Thon wo say good-bye horo ?' " Yos. Good-byo. George, until wo moot m New York." Sbo laughed np his face— a laugh of pure derision, but ho did not know it. "I will writoto you from thoro,' ho said, wringing her hand. " Good bye, Sybilla. I will be at thotiyating plaeo to- night. Bo sure tho othor party is too. "Without fail. Adieu, and— -for ever !" Sho waved hor hand, and flitted away, uttering tho last word under her breath. Mr. Parmaloo watchod hor out of sight, heaved a heavy sigb, and wont back to tho bouso. Swiftly Sybilla Silror fluttered along in tbo chill ovening wind, ber faco to tbo Buosot sky. But not tho palo yellow Iustro of that Fobruary sunset lit bor dnrk faco with that lurid, unnatural light — tbo flamo burned within. Two florco rod spots blazed on oithor chock ; bor oyos glowed liko living coals ; ' bor hands woro clenched undor hor shawl. " Sho will bo thcro," ebo whispered, under bor breath—" sho will bo thoro, lui ho netrr trill return By tbo wrongs of tho dond, by tho vongoanco I bavo sworn, Ibis night shall bo bor last on earth, and he nhall pay tbo penalty. My oath will bo kopt, tho astrologer's prediction fulfilled, and Zenith tho Gypsy avongod." to n k continued. 