THE IMP TELLS A CHRISTMAS STORY. Before I was an Imp I was au [Jncle, and I was an Uncle three times, that is, there were nephews three who called me by this name. Their names were William, Thomas and Henry, but were mostj commonly known amongst their playmates as Bill,! Tom and Harry. ' They were ugly boys, there could be no doubt, they were cheeky boys, and that was an absolute fact. My readers will be asking what has all this got to do with Christmas ? I am going to tell them, and before.doing so would advise them not to be so inquisitive. It was Christmas Eve, when my brother's three sons (or if you like it better, my threa nephews) and myself, after having played all the absurd games appertaining to this festive season, were seated round the fire and listening to the howling of the wind as it whistled round the house, and moaned in the tree tops (Hold hard Imp, don't attempt to be poetical, don't please upset our Christmas dinner hy trying to imitate "Bluejacket.") 4 4 1 say uncle look here, tell us a story," it was one third of my stock of nephews that spoke these words, and its name, it was Harry. The remaining two-thirds of my stock, were clamorous in the way they seconded this proposition. " My dear boys " I answered, placing my spectacles high up on my forehead, so that I might see what I was looking at, and at the same time gazing my mcst severe gaze. " My dear boys, I never tell stories " which they perfectly understood to mean, that I never, no never, (without any hardly everj al low myself to be a perverted of the truth. " On uncle " said the cheekiest one third of my stock of nephews, and its name it was Tom, " we r know you are not a fibber." he was going to say s liar, but I gazed a gaze at him, "but do tell us a p story, a Christmas story we mean, all about mur- f •'ders, ghosts, Imps and devils, and let it be a nice f " long one, and a true one." p These last three words I looked upon as unworthy of my serious notice, as I had previously informed my three juvenile relatives that I never told untruths. " Oh look sharp Uncle, let us have the story, be- " fore we have to go and snowball the " waits." It was the hitherto silent third of my stock of brother's sons that uttered these words, and I gazed at it, and discovered its name it was William. It seemed the unanimous wish of these youths that I should narrate a narrative, so I narrated the following : — Once upon a time " (this is a splendid start, and be c onsequence of such a truly original commenceent Was, that my three pair of juvenile ears were a t ned to the utmest, to catch what had to follow niy thrilling narrative. Once upon a time " I repeated in a land entireunknown and unheard of by you three lads, ere lived a man." Oh tells us the names " they all cried, " of the ntry and the man," The name of the country" I continued, " was angatoomilong, and the man's name was Pompaerinoski." " Oh !" they murmured, and Tom oked at Harry, and Harry looked at Bill, ill and Harry all looked at me. I thought I'd fetch them and I did. " He lived inja telephone," and the time of which I speak, was Christmas. He was sitting alone with his wife and family, for he was naturally a companionable man. The night was very drirk, ' and a bright full moon was high in the heavanF. The wind moaned and shrieked, as it whistled round his humble dwelling, and everything was " still as death. The owls hooted as they peered out of the'belfry windows of the old church that I had been recency erected at great expnese, by a ' generous church-goer, who never attended a place ' of worship." " All at once my boys ; jusiriit the witching hour I I of night when church-yarda yawn and graves 1 4 give up bodies they had never held— There came a knock.— " Hush my lad " I went on to say, having now thoroughly, risen to the occasion, 4 4 Hush ! what E w m t s t h k m f t y Tom, t j i (r S c c m a w a g l b t f t h o " was this knock ? It was the knock of his excel- " lency the v&tnnire.;" Tom, the cheeky one, at this point interrupted me ard asked " Uncle please tell me what is a vam- P i r ®,,, Thoroughly conversant with my subject, I quick - ly auswerën, "« A vampire vnmniro is an insect, „ B « n t ! And they seemed satisfied— "Jt i s anrinsect smaller than a gnat, with wings larger ~ than < a — Townhall Swan and a head that " could swallow an elephant, and its usual means of " entering a dwelling is through the keyhole." " Well, my three offspring of my favourite bro- " ther, this knock as I remarked before, came from " his excellency the Vampire.— "Poor Pompateerinoski who dwell in this land of " Wangatoomilong, trembled in the immense boots " that were too small for his feet. " For he knew it was the knock of the Vampire. At this period of my story-telling, there was a noi S6i an a it emanated from a band of youths provided with brass instruments and cracked voices, and the noise was styled " Christians awake." I awoke, as in duty bound, and found my three of an audience had decamped, possibly with their previously expressed intention of snowballing the waits. I was rejoiced, for I felt that I, amongst other uncles, had strung together as-many lies as became a truthful Christian, and was wondering how on earth I was to get out of the difficulty of ending my story. It should have been ended if I could have arranged b .V Pompateerinoski, chewing the Vampire or by the Vampire executing a similar action, at the expense of my hero. But I hadn't time Because why, because the boys had to go snowballing. So my gentle readers, my Christmas story unfinished, and I wish the end of an unsuccessful year, may be a precursor of future prosperity. " Tell tho. truth" is the maxim I desire to see and with that constantly in view, I say (not you) I wish a merry Christmas and aj New Year to THE IMP 