BPOBTHTG NOTES FBQtf 601TTB AUSTRALIA. . (FROUOOB QOMJBPOHDMRR. ) ADBAIDK. JoiT 14. w. Xhto A.BX). WiAw Heetiof oo Satarifjr myjvood old ocxui*, u>d,«Ctfe «Wna fir«a fcgr Mr. Tmrj wtn vaqr «mll exeepllag^ tor Uw Bardl* Bw^ tlw - |II-bIW nil Wm " oQt ottbs ActonvUfaAfilr jMtam »w»ttUg<tetngpJ«aj<* nbfo tjM Northern dMrieti«g«ii|oj ?he won anyhow from Banker, while Dutch Oven pulled up, and allowed old Jerry Sneak to take third place. The winner is a (treat banging mar# by Lockleys. in T. Kieley's Btable, and if her doubtful leg stands she may some days prove useful .over fences. .... ! The Nursery Stakes brought out six youngsters, lour of them hailing from Hill's stable, but 1 do not think the pick of the St. Leonard's team was in the field, voltigeur, by Richmond iBerenity, was considered a moral by those who hare seen the younir ones work, and 2 to 1 was laid on him, but he ran a brute, and Adven turous, by Richmond-Hiss Heelop, won easily from Prospector, by Emulation-Nelly. The winner is a great fine flllv, covering a great deal of ground in her stride, but she was rolling about a good deal at one part of the raoe, and I rery muoh doubt if there was one In it likely to give muoh trouble over your my. Mr. Ferry ran a very rough-looking customer called Socialist, but be shaped as well as anything for two furlongs, and I shall not be very muoh surprised If he beats them all when he gets into condition. Bight saddled up for the August Handicap, Norma ffin. 121b.) and Exchange (6st 91b.) being the favourites, but at the finish they had not the ghost of a ohanoe with Mr. Deeny's Napoleon (6st. 101b.), a five-year-old son of the Boovoolee horse Sir mund. With nothing better than a silver cup compete for, only four ran for the Steeplechase, but it was a beautiful race. The fences on the' old course are very easy, and on Saturday they were brushed after the Caulfield style. All four Jumped beautifully, and six furlongs from home they were in ttte air together at a fence. After this Clifton retired, and after getting over the last fenco the south-eastern nag Lulu (9at. 71b.) drew away and won easily from Jerry Sneak (list), Sweep (9st 32)b.) beinsr third. Jerry Sneak's owner was foolish enough to send him out 171b. overweight, for the sake of securing the eervices of a son,- or he would probably have won. Kiis horss has won any number of country hurdle noes with young Constable up, and his owner evidently thinks that riding has something to do with his success. Good raoes were often thrown away with that wonderful pony Tancred because his owner would ride him overweight in pre ference to putting up . good jockey. Xbe Galloway Raoe was only remarkable, for the muddle caused by there being no oonvenienoe on the ground for measuring the starters. Their height was not tested beforehand, and when Electrio won and was objected to people had to wait while Mr. Ferry kent for a standard. As Eleotric would not go under 14\. £ at Morphettville lastlMonday, there was every reason to suppose that history would repeat itself here, but it did not, as when the measure arrived the stewards passed him. The members of the Hunt Club met at the Globe Hotel on Monday to arrange about a race meeting at the end of the season. It was decided to hold the ssnal steeplechase fixture at Morphettville on Septem ber 8), and a committee was appointed to draw up a programme. The Hunt Cup is already attracting a deal of attention, and I shall not be in the least sur prised if Hyperna or some other Melbourne hunter figures in the field. One layer here has a 600 to 60 book on the raoe, and he is round already, so that he has every chance of making a fair profit out of the raoe. The double-eventers made a haul over the Hurdle and Steeple on Saturday, neither Lovelocks nor Lulu being popular with the public. If we may Judge by the very cramped way in which they field at the post our bookmakers mutt have found this tam-up very acceptable. Owing to the continued absence of Mr. Reesin Mel bourne, the TOtalisator Bill has notyetgone up to the legislative Council. The Ministerial Association have held a meeting to protest against the passing of the bill, and petitions favouring its rejection are to Iw left in all the churches for signature. Those of 4m Councillors who were in Melbourne at the Gund Kational Meeting should have little doubt about facing being beneficial to a country, and as we cannot set good raoing without the machine they should vote lor the bill. How the fight will go it is impos sible to say. Both sides Me still very doubtfnl as to tile result I am afraid there is not muoh chanoe of us getting a Piumpton at Morphettville. Mr. Wigley was at Uoonee Valley the other day, and what he saw there coorinoed him that a Piumpton in Adelaide would siot pay, taking intoaooount the ooet of making the enclosures. ? That smart little Savanakaoolt Beetaloowas sent to Melbourne last week to join Mr. 0*Loughlin's team. Beetaloo is only just over galloway height, but he is a slippery little fellow, and may pay his way over abort courses. The Essendon footballers did not create 'a very favourable impression .by their play on Saturday although they won. The Adelaides are very weak this season however, and those who bet on football are laying 2 to 1 that the Norwood's beat tile visitors Co Thursday. The Hunt dab were the guests of Mr. John Pile, at Rostrevor, on Saturday. The ran was a very beavy one, and there were plenty of falls, Messrs. H. Miller and J. Love getting nasty crumplers, 