ffi% AWNTg ABVEN'TZfREr ST G20BGE D0V7XLXG SEABES. The following incident is a strictly true aeaount of an adventure that happened to my aunt, more than fifty years ago, in the city ' of London. We were all gathered around the Ch?is ; mas fire, and, as was our wont, after the fes tivities of the day, were.telling ghost stories. It was a sort of custom in our family to tell weird and ghostly tales on that evening. On this particular night our Auns Alice was . present, and after some- persuading, con sented to tell ns something thai happened to her when a girl. "What I am going to tell is not a ghost story. It is an adventure that befell me many years ago, when 4 Barking' was a1 ctfmmoa crime. No doubt" you all know what that means,,as a case occurred not long ago ' in Baltimore. For those who do not understand I will explain. "In thoEe days the opportunities of pro curing bodies , for medical exposition and instruction were limited. The students and professors were therefore compelled to resort ~ to all sorts of underhand means, Euch as robbing ChurcHyards and rifiicg, tombs. But bodies eould not be procured fast enough even by such means. There now appeared a man who invented a plan for which "he became notorious. A fellow called Burke. This wretch would hire some ruffian to steal up behind a man or woman and "throw' a powerful sticking plaster over His victim's mouth. Strangulation would shortly ensue and the murderer would then take the body to some medical college and sell it for a high price, as it would -be free from all fracture. This was what we understood by 4 Barking,' and, alas ! it accounted only-too truly for 'many of the mysterious disappearances in those days. 44 We were living at the timp of xny adven ture in the heart of the 4 Modern Babylon.' One night father and I were left alone in- the house, the rest of the family having gone to viBit some friends. We were talking together in his study, when he' suddenly remembered . that he had an important communication to give to my uncle. 44 4 Oh, child. I am sorry they have gono out T he exclaimed. 44 4 Why?' I asked. 41: Tour undle should have got that letter, without fail to-night, and now it is impos sible.' ; " 'Cannot I ga?' "'Absurd.! No, child, under no circum stances.' •'' Oh, hut father,' I continued, 'yonknow it is not far. to uncle's, and the streets-are lighted all the way. I mus? go. £ shan't be more than half an hour; nothing on. earth' can happea to me.' \ " l am afraid I was rather fond of hav ing my . own way'in those days?;for go I . did, with the parting admonition, ''Don't stay at your uncle's, bat hurry home,' ring- - ing in my ears. " My uncle's house was about a mile from ours. There were two ways of getting to it; one, by a read, although it took longer, was well lighted? the1 other was by a cross-cut through numerous small street and alleys. ' " The night was"oold and dampy After a brisk walk I reached my uncle's, gave my message and thef valuable letter, -and was about to go whenOne of my cousins, running up to me, said,— - "' Oh, Annie, can't you stop a minute and see my new dress ?" "' Well I'll stop one minute and no longer,' I replied. " Bat one minute was prolonged to two, and two to three, and still I lingered. - The nfew dress was solabsorbing a topic .that it had banished my1 father's words entirely from my mind. ' I dp not know how long I should have stayed has not my eye at last caught sight of the clock, and I saw to my dismay that it was half-past nine. The parting words of my father came to my mind, .and I was heartily sorry for my thoagliless dis obedience. "' Oh* girls, I must go 1 don't eay another word! Good-by.' "Throwing on my eloak.and seizing my hat, J rushed down stairs. I almost ran now, in my haete to make up for lost time. Suddenly the thought,' since you are so late, why not take the short cut V came to my mind, and I acted upon it immediately. " There were only a few peeple in the streets as 1 walked home, and they seemed to get fewer as I approached what had been pointed oat to me|as ' Thieves' Alley.' .Past gloomy little shops, which Dickens so marvellously describes in his great works, and past numerous odd turnings, I hurried. Through • Thieves' Alley,' quiet as a mouse, I stole: I had passed the worst now, I thought. " I next came to a street bounded on both sides by dilapidated houses. The place was so silent that I heard the echo of my own footsteps. I do not know what it was, but a feeling of impending- danger so fell nppn my mind I stopped and listened The street was silent and deserted. I crept along with eye and ear strained to cateh the slightest 6onnd. I had reached the middle of the block when I heard a step behind me. Be fore I could'look around my arms were seized, and a terrible "weight was pressing into my back. I tried to scream. bat my throat seemed paralyzed with fright. I was inthe hands of one of the 'Burke' gang! He had been lying in wait for mo, and would kill me! " Oh, the horror of that moment! I shall never forget it. The rullian tl en began to draw my arms together. I saw his purpose. He wanted to hold my arms with one hand, so that with the other he might put the dreaded plaster on my face. Suddenly if ..thought—it was God-given came to my mind If I could wrench my arms free at tha moment he would hold them with bis one hand I might escape. Slowly he brought my arms together. His powerful hand was already 'grasping my wrists when, with all the nervous passion of diejfSir, I threw my two fist3 back over my shoulders, ami struck the villain fall in the face. An oath, followed by a fall, was all I heard. I flew. Girls can run as well as boys sometimes. But horror ! the wretch was following me. Footsteps rattled cn the pavement behind. I fore on, but my breath was,going. My pursuer was rapidly approaching, still I reeled on, when —rapture never to be forgotten—I-saw a •peeler,' (that was what tfaeyuaRed a police-" man in those days) approaching. The foot steps behind me stopped, I was saved 1 "I gained the highway and reached our house. In order, to gain the instant atten tion. of those inside, I thrust my arm tbrpugh the front window. There was a erasb, audi fell fainting on the steps, father came run ning out and carried me in, where after a time I told him all. V That is my adventure; and in eonclqsion, my snnt continued," I trust no ope of you will ever have to undergo such an' ex-' perienee." A New Telephone.—Mr. C. A. Bell has taken oas another psiimt for transmitting and recording speech and other sounds, in which • he makes ninety-two claims. The number is 2.268 of loSG.' A glass tube is fastened on a vibratos? support of soundboard, and pure water is passed through it, the jet-playing on the diaphragm of a transmitting telephone. On talking to the soundboard, the sound waves threw the jet into vibrations, which are thus transferred to the telephone dia phragm and transmitted as electrical un -dulations, 86, 