THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Princess Theatre. " Old Heads and Young Hearts." —TheatreRoyal. "The Tomboy." —Opera House. Amy Sherwin. —Bijou Theatre. " Hans, the Boatman." —Victoria Hall. " All-Star" Novelty Company. —St. George's Hall. Cogills' Minstrels. —Waxworks. Special attractions. —Jubilee Skating Rink. Carlton. —Exhibition Skating Rink. Brunswick-street. —Victoria Skating Rink. South Yarra. —Columbia Elite Skating Rink. St. Kilda. —Royal Skating Rink. Albert Park. —Queen City Holler Skating Rink. Elizabeth-street N. —St. James' Park Skating Rink. Hawthorn. —Armadale Skating Rink. Close station. —Miss Essie Jenyns' benefit performance took place at Launceston on Friday week, when " As You Like It" was produced. Her personation of Rosalind quite charmed the audience. Hundreds were unable to obtain admission, the crush for seats being the greatest ever known in Launceston. She was recalled at the close of each act, and the stage was literally deluged with floral presentations. On Saturday evening last she made her reappearance at the Criterion Theatre, Sydney, as Portia in the "Merchant of Venice," aud received a most enthusiastic reception. —Sir Arthur Sullivan is writing a new opera for Geraldiue Ulinar. The fact has given rise once more to the old story that the two are engaged to be married, but there is nothing in it but rumour. —Masini, the celebrated tenor, is singing with great success in St. Petersburg. —A new piece called " Wanted—an Heir," written by Mr. Malcolm Watson for the German Reeds, is highly lauded by the London Press as a very neat and amusing little work. The heir that is wanted is of unknown sex. More than tweuty years before, a child had disappeared; if a boy he is heir to a peerage; if a girl she inherits a wealthy peer's estate; a,ud a member of the family, Percy Gunniou, is in search. He believes that he has found the object of his quest in Bertha, the adonted daughter of a hearty old farmer, named John Big,'and his somewhat shrewish wife, for Bertha iwears a ring which he recognises as a family jewel. Percy proposes to marry her, but she has already engaged herself to the village schoolmaster,-Ned Manson; and it presently appears that he is in truth the heir, the i iug iu question having been placed by him on Bertha's finger. This simple story is pleasantly developed, and Mr. Alfred Caldicott has composed some bright and agreeable music to it. —Pollock and Hugo have bad three or four interviews re the proposed tripthrough India, etc. The final result, as far as the Buffaloes are concerned, is that it's " off.'' Pollock will probably turn bis attention to .Mdme. Garretta, Ouda, Alf. Lawton and push, who are now in Western Australia. —The winding-up of the Hugo and Tommy Hudson parties has resulted in a good house at Poverty Point. A few days back variety people could uot be had for love or money; now they are as plentiful as successful mining boomers. —Mr. Harry St. Maur.is to play a farewell season in Melbourne, and will then head towards India, China Japau, etc. Prank Weston is a probable starter. ' —Mr. Charles MacMahon is,, at an early date, to trot out one of his dramatic companies for its share of Melbourne plunder. —Grattan Riggs and Co. are preparing for an Octorooning time of it in Queensland. —" Missing at Lloyd's," and what's missing at Lloyd's? In other words, Mr. Charles Bichner,>late treasurer of the Arthur Vivian Dramatic Company, has now entered the ranks of private detectives and is engaged at Lloyd's inquiry office. His first case has turned out a blazing success, and—well—be's.bound ere* long to blossom into "a big, big D." —Still another Chinese lottery ticket —this time, by way of novelty, an unsuccessful one. The dreamist on this didn't-catch'em-occasion is Mr. John Fanning. —Harry Rickards.is having a very successful season in Sydney with his new London Variety Company. "For the Melbourne opening 'Arry and crowd will amalgamate with the Cogill Brothers,and the combined show should draw like a team of-oxen. —Bland Holt and party are now in Sydney going over the same old ground. Bland Holt has a grand hold of the public. —Frank Washington's Variety Company, at present showing in Williamstown, they are to come up to Melbourne at an early date. Residences in Ascot VaJe are in great demand. —The (following company go to Geelong .-—Misses Lettie Le Veynne, Louisa Laughton, Isabel Dwight, and Messrs. W. Elder, Bertie Daley, and the veteran, Harry Allnutt. —The Circassian Youth, the wire-resembling-fairhaired-boy, writes from Emu Bay. He has been away about twelve months, and is at present somewhat of a heavy swell, having become terribly burly. The show consists of but three people, and they all appear to be doing pretty well. After doing Bischoff and a few weeks in the country, they turn their heads towards Melbourne —Phil Kirby (who has some good goods on hand for the approachiug Exhibition) will settle-down amongst us and shortly blossom into a full-fledged Melbourne publican. —Iu connection with the recent death of Herbert Hoe the whole of the funeral expenses were defrayed by the \ Cogill Brothers' Minstrel Company. It is the intention of the company to erect a tombstone over the deceased. —We regret to hear that the popular Alf. Holland is having a bad time of it on the sick list. —Mr. John RadcJiff, the eminent flautist, in giving his well-known lecture, or, to bei precise, " Musical Ghat," entitled ">Pan to Pinafore," at St. James' Hall, before crowded audiences. As a rule, a discursive disquisition upon musical matters is regarded as a dreary entertainment, even by votaries at the shrine of Saint Cecelia; but Mr, Radcliff has a .happy vein entirely his own of rendering his discourse most interesting and attractive ; indeed, says a home paper, there is not a dull moment in it. To the able assistance of his charming wife, Madame Rita, as well as to bis own anecdotal powers, this is in a great measure due. As an exponent of the intricate manipulation of the flute, perse, Mr.'lladcliff ranks preeminent, and- his accomplishments are not limited to this description of wood wind, as he ably demonstrates by his performance on pipes, fifes,. Chinese, African, South American, Indian, «nd other ancient and modern examples of this description of musical, and, let it be written, unmusical instruments. Indeed, Mr. Radcliff can charm melody out" of a comb • enveloped in paper, so'past a master is he in the mysteries of his art. Even the bagpipes are not sacred to him, and from these he conjures forth a stream of melody calculated to soften the heart of the most inveterate enemy -of the cat-scaring bag of discord. Madame Rita sang exquisitely her songs, given at intervals during the lecture, with a grace charming in its naturalness and a finish of execution rarely excelled, recalling the fays of Jenny Lind.f A pupil of .Mr. Radcliff's rendered valuable iassietauceih a capitally rendered trio, " Adante et Rondo" (Dopier), in which Mr. Theodore Drew also took patt at the piano. "From Pan to Pinafore" rpay he recommendedi wherever it may be given, as a ligut, bright, and instructive entertainment. . p - —£7000 has been given by Mr. J. C. Williamson for a house at Elizabeth Bay. —There died at Louisville, Kentucky, on the 12 th March, Mrs. Eliza Keats- Teay.a niece of John Keats. She had just returned home from a public concert when she was struck down by paralysis aud immediately expired. It is said she was a beautiful, amiable and accomplished woman, and with the exception of her brother John, at presenta prosperous Missouri faraier, was the last child of George Keats, the poet's younger brother. —A wee bit of a surprise has been received by theatrica people in general, but Tommy Hudson's Surprise performers in particular. The playful Tommy the other day disbanded his- compauy and left Adelaide. Here we may mention that a lady pianist a short time back came from Merrie England to join the Surprisers. Portion of the disbanded team proceeded overland to Melbourne, and the balance came along by steamer, and arriving at a small country town, Hudson informed the people that an urgent telegram just received -called him back to Adelaide. Hudson left,and the next heard of him was that he had led the young lady from England, the pianiste, to the altar. There was, of course, general rejoicing in the ranks of the Surprise Party, though they thought he needn't have made such a derned secret over it. Mr. and Mrs. Tommy Hudson are now en route to England, and the late Surprise Party—Misses Mavin, Millie Herbert, Davenport, Dave Gardner, George Joues and othershave returned to Melbourne. —The theatrical rendezvous at Broken Hill is Oscar Smith's Hotel. By-tbe-way, Mr. Smith (Oscar's father) accidentally poisoned himself a few days back in Melbourne. -The Lynch Family of Bellringers and Vocalists concluded their season at the Mechanics' Institute, Albury, on Saturday evening. Although the weather proved very unfavourable the houses were unusually large, and sitting room was l^ot obtainable after the curtain rose. A return visit was promised, if possible, before the company left the colony. From Albury the Bellringers went to Corowa en route to Yarrawonga, Benalla and MausfWd. -" Harbour Lights " and " Human Nature " have been equally as successful at Townsville as at Charters Towers, Leitch's performances of Tom Do'ssiter and Spofkins fetching iu the crowds. The productions are superior to anything ever before attempted in the North. The staff-ofiicers and the camp crowds are nightly visitors to the School of Arts, and Leitch and MacMahon are daily guests at the camp. The company goes to Mackay next. -Our Broken Hill correspondent writes us from Oscar Smith's Hotel. You remember the great flourish of trumpets Arrowsmith and partner made when in Melbourne. Well, they played here a week to rather shy business, and " bust" iu about eight days. The balance of the company advertised to open here last Monday. They then postponed until Wednesday, and finally opened iu opposition to the usual Saturday night shows, to about thirty-five shillings. Arrowsmith is still about the town, I believe. I saw in the paper a day or so ago that Mr. Arrowsmith would not be responsible for any debts contracted by his late partner (the man with millions). So much for that show. Moultou, the pain-paint man, is here doing a very big business. The races brought side shows from all parts. The town is alive with snake charmers, fire eaters, Punch and Judy men, street ventriloquists, jugglers, etc., etc., etc. Matthews and Chrystal, the two wrestlers, were here. They had a large circus tent and did very well. They used to got the local talent to knock one another about, and then go in the " ring" and " show" themselves for about twenty minutes. Charlie Woodward (one of the Woodward Brothers, aorobats, late of Victoria Hall, Melbourne,) is agent for Matthews. They went to Silverton for the races there. This town has got all. the pick of the spieler fraternity, with a good sprinkling of the pro's. Ku6ter, the musical conductor (recently with Williamsou, Garner and Musgrove), is here. Jackson, the "Dark Gent", of Uncle Tom fame, and a Mr. Holland, a warbler, are here also. Gohn, the pianist, who used to be with Clara Stevensou, is here bookmaking, also Mick Tier. The big thing here is the Taylor-Carrington Dramatic Company. —Mr. Fred. Haywara, secretary to the Hugo Buffalo Minstrels, while in Ballarat, had, we are informed, occasion to doubt the honesty of one of his check-takers at "the Mechanics' Hall, and he set a watch on his movements, and succeeded in entrapping him. Two boys were engaged to play a prominent part in the work of detection, and at intervals during the evening they applied at the pit entrance for admission, each tendering Od. Thiswas, contrary to the usual custom, taken by the checktaker, and the lads subsequently left the hall on " passes" and informed Mr. Hay ward that'the check-taker had received their sixpences as entrance money. The latter was called into the business^manager's office and accused of the dishonest action.^ He wept, admitted the charge, and asked to be let off. It is probable, however, that legal proceedings will be taken by way of a caution to others. —Lester, the ventriloquist, was tendered a grand farewell concert in Adelaide'on Monday evening, prior to his departure for England. —The Faust Family open at Garner's Theatre, Adelaide. Herr von der Mehden and a combination of special artists the leading attraction. —The troupe of American Midgets has been engaged in London by Harry Friedman for F. E. Hiscocks, and will shortly make their appearance at the Academy of Music, Sydney. —"Hans, the Boatman," will follow George Darrellat the Theatre Royal, Adelaide. Mr. Charles Arnold is well spoken of in the colonies, and should prove a big draw here. He will be supported by a fiist-clasB company. —Tommy Hudson has only been parried five times. ' —We notice that Messrs. Cbeeversand Kennedy have again separated. They made their first appearance iu Australia at the Theatre Royal, ? Melbourne, on 2nd February. 187S, and after a partnership of over nineteen years, they dissolved. After a few years' separation they again amalgamated in 1681. Mr. J; E. Cheevers and his wife J wlIf (Miss Annies Brightstein) are travelling England —, At the Barber's.—W.G.—"Is the tonsorial operator on * hand?" Barber.—"No, sir. It's too early for him." W. G. —" Oh, iben.TcannOt beard, him at present." B.—"No, Sir. He says that you beered him too much laBt night/' W. G.—" I'm Riirrc.il Surrey for it." A At t. t.Vm the. Km-rov Surrey—Barber.—" Tln.i-hni* " r I regret that I was out just now. Give me a pick-me-up sir, like Hamlet's father—a stiff'un." W. G.—"You're not a bit like the ghost." Barber.—" Why ?" W.G.— " Because you do not' scent the morning (h)air. 1 " —Miss Emelie Melville, Salinger, Verdi and party, piloted by Harry .Lyons, are buzzing around the Gippsland Lakes. They will reach Melbourne in tbo course of a few days, and then start off in the direction of Kyneton. —Professor Kennedy, the mesmerist, has left Loudon for Australia. A cable to band informs us that he has no end of novelties for the antipodes. —Miss Kate Bishop seccedes from the Rignold company in Syduey, and will take a well-earned rest. Mr. Lohr, (Mr. Kate Bishop) is at present in Adelaide, where ho is at the helm for "Hans, the Boatman." —Lieutenant Rose, illusionist, ventriloquist, etc., at latest in Latrohe. —Tommy, Hudsonhas .married 'Miss Habgood. May they hab good luck wherever they go. —From Sydney we hear that the federal Minstrels at present are not a paralysing success. — Mr. Cellier leaves again for London in July, to produce another new opera. —Miss Ada Mavin returned to Adelaide recently to sing, " Men were Deceivers Ever." —At latest Charlie Harding and Opera Company were at Charters Towers. —Mi*. William Ernest Elton, an actor belonging to Mr. Bland Holt's dramatic troupe, lately playing at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, dropped dead on board the steamer Burmah shortly before it reached Sydney. The cause of death was heart disease. The deceased was a single man. r —Warrnaimbool playgoers have been treated to an opera by a local author, Mr. L. Bayer, and additional interest-attaches to it iu consequence of the scenes being laid in one of the colonies, The characters are all typical Australians, from the aboriginal to the squatter, or the rouseabout on his station. The author has, says a local paper, taken the scenes from real life, and nothing could have been more realistic—too much so, in fact—than the shearers' ball, and to those who have witnessed an affair of this kind in the early days it will bring back recollections of those times when the monotony of station life was relieved by one of those rollicking, enjoyable events known as the shearers'ball. The music is of a high-class nature, and the orchestra could not have been excelled outside the metropolis. Of the company pride of place must.be accorded to our own little Melbourne favourite, Miss Flora Graupner, "who proceeded to Melbourne specially to create the part of Nellie Goulbouine. That this young lady carried all before her goes without saying. The whole of the characters were very creditably represented, and the author is to be congratulated on the outcome of his efforts. —Just as we were going to press news reached us of Tommy Hudson's arrest, at the instance of Miss -Ada Mavin, at Servicetown. —In view of the terrible increase of Scepticism and Agnostic Cynicism in all classes of society, it has been determined by an influential section of the public to arrange a " Crusade " against the prevailing bias towards tumidly melo- dramatic interpretations and to attemptto disseminate amongst the masses some truer .appreciation of the comedy of life, of the positive relations between man and man, or the more transcendental communion between man and woman a6 the case may be. The first seance will take place on Saturday, the 9th June, when a discourse will be delivered by Mr. Saint Maur, assisted by Mr. Titheradge, clever ladies and gentlemen, kindly lent for the occasion by those benevolent well-wishers to humanity, Mr. Brough and Mr. Boucicault, who will, draped in the costumes of the day (not the well-wishers, but the clever ladies and gentlemen) assist to illustrate the hollow twosideduess of mundane misery. Still further to enhance the realism of the scene, the stage af the Bijou will, on this night, bB fitted up as "a landscape in an apartment in a modern English house." The chairs will be taken by those who pay for them, and it is hoped that the building will'he much too small for the congregation who will thither iiock.* These seances are particularly recommended to politicians, doctors, newspaper men, theatrical managers, Exhibition committee-men and other unfortunates whose mission is to igo through life in a psychical six of one and half-a-dozen of the other condition. —Mrs. Langtry's father, the Dean of Jersey, died a short time ago in London. That amusing paper, the Star, says that Mrs. Langtry used to make a capital advertisement out of the rev. gentleman. He had the samestranga beauty of face and figure as his famous daughter. When Mrs. Langtry was on a provincial tour in England she used to go about during the day with her father, the Dean; dressed in gaiters and spotless clothes, supplied from her own purse. Whether the effect would have been as good if the curious life of Dean Le Breton had been known to the si>eetators it is impossible to say. 