ji£at:st Sftcgraras. ENGLISH AND FOREIGN, [Fbom ouit London Correspondent.] London, August 1. In the case trustees and Executors (society v. Short an appeal has been granted with costs. News has been received from Natal that the Zulu chief Snmkeli has submittal uncondi tionally to the British authorities and agreed to surrender any natives who have been guilty of murder or looting. The detachment of British and native troops under Major Maekean which started recently to attack Somkeli’s stronghold is still on t he march. The Right lion. G. J. Gosohen, Chancellor of the Exchequer, will move in the House of Com mons that the remainder of the amendments on the bill for Cue appointment of a commission to inquire, into the charges made by the ‘'Times’7 against Mr. Parnell, of which notice has been given, be put fort hwith at the end of to-morrow’s sitting of the Bouse. London, August 2. The death is announced of Sir William (J. Sargeannt, Ciowu Agent for the Colonies. News receiver} from Zanzibar suites that messengers have arrive'! there bringing the intellieenee that the position of Emin Pasha in April hast was perilous owing to the advance of the Mnhdi, and that Emin was escaping by the leit bank of the Nile. H.M.S. Diamond, one of the vessels of the squadron stationed in Australian waters, has been recalled. The “ Nouvelle R°une,” a Paris journal, pro fesses to publish a secret report by Prince Bis marck against the marriage of Prince Alexander of Battenberg (late of Bulgaria) and the Princess Victoria, daughter of the late Emperor Frederick, who-e projected bethrohe.l some months ago led to Prince Bismarck tendering his resignation as Chancellor of the Empire. In the report, published by the “ Nouvelle Reune,” Prince Bismarck dwells strongly upon the impolicy of offending the Czar. The leading Loudon journals this morning publish reports of the opening of the Melbourne Exhibition, and speak in eulogistic terms of its success. One of the pillars in the cathedral at Seville collapsed to-day, and serious damage was caused. Sir F. Billon Bell, Agent-General for New Zealand, is now at Freib.org, in Germany, for the purposeful inquiring into the methods of treatment of refractory ore-. After leaving Freiberg he will visit the Hartz Mountains to inspect, the Apt railway system. A match whs to have been commenced at Hastings to-day between the Australian Cricketers and an Eleven of the South of Eng land, but owing to recent rains the ground was unrit for play, and the match was consequently postponed. The English team will not bo con fined to South of England players, but will include Hare!, Peel, and Pougher. Otherwise the team is a weak one. A meeting between Queen Victoria and the Emperor William of Germany has been arranged tu take place at Baden on the 13th September. The race for the Goodwood Cup was run to day, with the following result : — Ratio .. ... ... ... 1 Osrie.2 Timothy ... . ... 3 Speaking in 1 lie House of Lords to-day, Lord Knntsford, Secretary of State for the Colonies, said hopes were entertained that the insurgent Zulu chief Binizuiu would surrender. He further stated that, the rebels were dispersing. In the House of Commons to-day Mr. La bou ts here introduced a motion to the effect that an article published in the “ Times.” accusing members of the Parnellile party of mendacity, was a breach of the privih g>s of the House. ’The motion was. however, opposed both by Mr. Goschen and Mr. Gladstone, and was even tually withdrawn. London, August 3. The discussion in committee on the bill for appointing a committee to inquire into the charges made by the "Times” against Mr. Par nell, was resumed in the House of Commons last night. Mr. Labonchere moved an amendment direding Urn commission to first inquire into the authenticity of the letters alleged to have been written by Mr. Parnell, but j which the latter declares to lie forgeries. After ! discussion the amendment was rejected on divi- j sion by a majority of 78. Mr. T. M. Healy then j moved that the commission should bring up a j report upon each of the accused persons separately, but this was m gatived by a majority j °f 82. Mr. Parnell, in concluding the debate, said be approached the inquiry with a rankling sense of (inju.-tice, but he was certain his party would emerge triumphant from the ordeal, though the traditions of the House for fairness would be tarnished. The bill was then agreed to without division, and will be reported to the House on Monday. News has been received from Washington that tiie United States authorities have given orders to stop the seizure of British sealing vessels in Behring’s Straits. The Wallarat Coal Company has been placed on the market. Owing to the spread of anarchism the Aus trian Government have decided that in fifteen districts of the Empire anarchists shall be deprived of the privilege of trial by jury for one year. M. Goblet, French Minister for Foreign Affairs, has admitted the claims of Italy to Massowah but censures the publication of the despatch from Signor Crispi, the Italian Premier, in which the latter accuses France of attempting to prevent Italian activity in Africa. The position of Surrey as the premier cricket ing county in England has been assured, Surrey having won all of the nine matches played this season. The race for the Goodwood Stakes was run to-day with the following result :— A. Taylor’s b.h. Stourhead ... ... ... 1 A. C. Barclay’s b. or br. c. Clan Chattan ... 2 Duke of Beaufort’s hr.f. Fealty ... ... 3 A clerk named Grant has been sentenced to five years’ imprisonment for forging Mr. Barsmith’s name to two letters of credit for £200. The Rev. Mr. Hunter, of Stornoway, lias cabled to Mrs. .Jessie Campbell Brown, who ottered to assist 1000 crofters and their families in the Island of Lewis to emigrate to New South Wales, that he cannot entertain the scheme until details have been received. The Right Rev. J. Moore, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, will return to his diocese in October. It has been arranged to establish a branch of t.he order of Sisters of Nazareth and of the Fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost at Ballarat. Mr. Edward Duncanson has been appointed a director of the Peninsular and Oriental Com pany. The Australian Eleven commenced a match at Hastings to-day against, a team consisting princi pally of South of England players. The Austra lians batted first, and made a very good stand, the score having reached 1)9 with seven wickets down when the adjournment was made for lunch. On play being resumed the score steadily mounted, and the last wicket fell for 16S runs, the principal contributors being M'Donnell 36 ; Lyons, 32 ; and Jarvis, 23. The Englishmen then went to the wickets, but soon succumbed to the bowling of the Australians, all being dis posed of for 53 runs. The howling of Turner was especially destructive, he having taken eight wickets for 13 runs. Being 115 runs behind their opponents the Englishmen followed on, and in their second innings had scored six runs with one wicket down when the stumps were drawn for the day. London, August 4. The match was resinned and concluded to-day, and resulted in a one-inning's victory tor the Australians. The Englishmen, with one wicket down for (! runs, continued their second innings, but again the Australian bowling proved very destructive, especially that of Turner, who was almost unplayable, and took nine wickets for 37 runs. The innings closed for 88, the Austra lians thus winning the match by an innings and 27 runs. Freights to Sydney and Melbourne have ad vanced 5s. per ton. The Italian Government have informed the various European Powers that the Italian Hug has been hoisted at Zulla, in Anncsley Bay, on the west coast of the Bed Sea, and a short dis tance south of Massowah. It has been officially denied that her Majesty the Queen will visit Baden, where it was stated she would meet the Empeior of Germany on the loth September. The •‘Citizen.’’ a London newspaper, pub lishes a paragraph stating that Lord Carrington has intimated a desire to resign the Governorship of New South Wales before the end of the year. It is announced that Germany has assumed the protection of Pleasant Island, one of the Marshal! Group, in the North Pacific. At a meeting of persons interested in several of the Etheridge mines which have been lloated in England, it was decided to amal gamate. The Right. Hon. H. C. Raikes Postmaster General, replying to the protest of Sir Graham Berry, Agent-General for Victoria, states that the Imperial Government cannot alter their decision with regard to the day of departure of the English mails from Adelaide, and he hopes that the Agents-General will induce the various colonial Governments to accept the situation. The Law Committee of the House of Com mons has cancelled the clause in the Liability of Trustees Bill which empowered the investment of trust funds in colouial stocks under certain conditions. A report of the proceedings of the Pan Anglican Conference, at Lambeth, has been published, from which it appears that the con ference resolved not to recognise divorce except on the ground of adultery, and to refuse re marriage to a person divorced on any otliei grounds; also, that a person remarrying under such conditions would be regarded as a poly gamist. The question of conferring the title of archbishop on colonial primates has boon re ported favourably upon, but not vet decided. London, August 0. The series of naval manoeuvres commenced some time ago by the British fleet are still being continued, the scene of operations at present being the west coast of Scotland. The port of Oban was blockaded by a portion of the fleet, but the screw cruiser Calypso, 16 guns, one oi the vessels of the attacking squadron, succeeded in eluding the blockaders and captured the place. The gunboat Spider also bombarded Greenock and Campbelltown. and claims te have destroyed the shipping in those ports. The " Nord Deutsche Zeitung” declares that the document recently published by the 11 Nouveile Revue” in Paris, purporting to be a secret report by Prince Bismarck against the marriage of Prince Alexander of Battenberg and the Princess Victoria of Germany, is a forgery. London, August 6. The Australian Eleven commenced a match against Kent, at Canterbury, Jones, who lias for a long time past been unable to play owing to severe illness, again took his place in the Australian team. The Australians won the toss and went to the wickets, making a fairly good stand. 1hc score having reached ‘.»5 with six wickets down when the adjournment was made for lunch. On play being resumed the remaining batsmen were soon dismissed, and the innings closed early in the afternoon for 116 runs. The top score was made by Jones, who carried out his bat for 21 ; the other principal seo'-ers being M‘Donnell 23, Trott 18, Edwards IS. The Englishmen then went in, and alt nongh they were all disposed of before the close of the day’s play, the respectable total of 107 runs had been compiled when the last wicket fell. Turner took four wickets for 41 runs, Ferris live wickets for 41, and Worrall 1 for 14. The Australians went in for their second innings, and when the stumps were drawn had scored 6 runs without the loss of a wicket. The death is announced of General Philip Henry Sheridan, Commander of the United States Army, aged 57 years. London, August: 7. Senator Blair has introduced a resolution in the United States Senate to the effect that negotiations be opened with the Government of Great Britain with a view to the political union of Canada with the United States. The Local Government (England) Rill has passed through committee in the House of Lords. In the House of Commons to-day. Sir James Eergusson, Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs, in reply to a question, stated that there was no Hope that the French authorities would permit the Rev, Mit Jones, t he English tniss’ortarv. m return to the Island of Mare, whence he was re cently expelled. At the same time Sir James’ Fergusson said that, nothing had been proved affecting Mr. Jones’s character, and he be ieved that the latter had conducted a Christian and meritorious work in the Loyalty Group. lleplying to a question by Dr. Tanner in the House of Commons to-day. Baron Henry He Worms. Under Secretary for the Colonies, stated that the Colonial Office had received a pmtt-st from Victoria against pan per immigration to that colony. The naval marueuvres by the Briti-h fleet: are being continued on the coast of Scotland. The blockade of the various ports has n >w been raised, and the c: uisers forming part of Admiral Troon's attacking squadron tire harrying the merchant shipping. In the House of Commons to-day Sir Geo:ge Campbell, member for Kirkahly, gave nolice that he would ask the Government on Thursday whether Sir Henry Parkes, Premier of New South Wales, had admit’ed that he was acting illegally in preventing Cuinese lan ling at Sydney, or had stated that he was determined to exclude the Chines- in spite of the Imperial Government; also, whether Lord Carrington assented to the bill gianting an indemnity to the Government for their action, and whether such bill was in accord an 'e with existing treaties bet ween Great Britain and China The cricket ma’ch, Australians v. Kent, was resumed at Canterbury to-day. The Austra lians. who yesterday had scored 6 runs with no wicket down, continued their second innings, and at lunch time had scored 95 with a loss of five wickers. The remaining batsmen only added 57 to the score, and the innings closed for 152 runs. Bmnor batted in vigorous style, making the top score of 43 ; and Edwards played a patient innings for 33. The next high est scorers were Lyons (not out) 22 and Trott 22.—Tiie Englishmen, with 162 runs to get to win the match, commenced their second innings, and at the conclusion of the day’s play had lost seven wickets for 65 runs. London, August 8. The mfitch was resumed and concluded to dav- The Englishmen continued tdeir second innings, and were all disposed of for 80 runs, the Australians thus winning the match by 81 runs. The All-England team, against whom the Australians will commence a match at Kenning ton Oval next. Monday, will consist of the follow ing nlavers:—W. O, Grace, Shuter, Walter Keed. T.ohraann, Peel, Briggs, Abel, Barnes, Wood. UlyetE Briggs, and On on (reserve). The British naval manoeuvres are still being continued, and Ogptain Fitzroy is vigorously bombarding the ports of Scotland. There has been an extensive strike of weavers at Amiens, in Prance, and continuous rfoting is taking place. The men on strike are attack ing the factories, one of which has been sacked and burnt. A ’evere cun Act took place between the gendarmes and the rioters, the former charg ing the mob with drawn swor's, and eventually dispcrcing them. The debate on the bill for the appointment of a commission to inquire into the charges made against Mr. Parnell by the “Times” was re sumed in the House of Commons last night, on the motion for the adoption of the report of the committee on the bill. On the motion of Mr. Alai thews. Home Secretary, new clauses were Inserted droviding for the arrest and punish ment of witp.esscss neglecting to obey a sum mons Wm t|,p commission or refusing to give evi dence. Several proposals were brought forward by ruembf rs of the ParnpIlite party, with a view to limbing the scope of the inquiry, but were rejected. The debate was eventually adjourned. A heavy poll - tax lias been imposed upon Chinese by the Spanish authorities in the Philip pine Islands. 