A Lone Star Bo-Peop. BY OWAIoWrD 5EEELY : Day was just breaking on the Chadbourne Trail. The pale mist', surprised by rosy Aurora, were seamporing irr hurried dishabille S aross its wavering outline, testing their trailing night-robes upon the thorny mes quites and scattering filmy draperies in its Slive oak aisles. A few faint stars, through fleecy cloud-rifts, still twinkled tbarfully, and but a moment ago the waning moon, that had lariguisheod in the western heaven, had lain a pale face upon the sloping shoulder of a great divide and wearily sunk to rest within its sombre bosom. There is a dowy freshness in the air; a strong damp, earthy odour; then on the wings of a gentle breeze fragrant forerunner of morning-the scent of it thousand wild-flowers, swinging their perfumed centers in worship of the corning sun. Meanwhile, in the shadowy vistas of the dim shrubbery, vague, indistinct forms seem moving. They flit to arnd fro with a skulking and stealthy rnovernent; they seem alert, \- ineasy, restless-tiro ghosts of incarnate suspiolon. Suddenly they are off in a body, with a precipitate haste that is ludicrous in its apparent cowardice. Immediately and sharply to the light comes a quick, startled sound, like that made by at stone siaikerl violently in someno metal vessel. The sounds increase and seem associated with the movement of somre rimpeded and lumber ing animal. An oath ! a shot 1 The -sulphurous suggestion of man and gunpow der 1 While rater a silence more apparent from the recent explosion, during which the rising orb cornes proudly up the horizon, a large pccan miotto, now visible, and from which the recent disturbances have proceeded, resounds with shrieks and barks, as if all Bellamwere le, hoo-the impotent cries of Texan coyotes. They die away down the wind. The silence, now, and the sunlight hold sway. Within the still, dim precincts of this motto, the skeleton of a denud?l cow-pen stretches its ema:ciato length. A cookiug stove, lidless, doorle.,s, broken-legged, stares with uncompromising effrontery at, the encroaching light. Garments that have survived their usefulness, scattered hers and there, like nniforms of the fallen, lend their additionrl aid to the general air of discom fiture. Civilisation secms to have encoun tered nature and suffered defeat. Thus desolate, since a remote ' round-up,' has this live-sock Anudersonvillo remainerl. It was left for Mr. Fayo Howo to reviit its belligerent %emindirgs andi speculate upon its analogies. 1 am not over-confident that the gentle man was alive to these. Mfr. IHowo was sleepy. The languor of disturbed dreams clouded his otherwise acute perceptions. At the precise moment tlht e h dawns upon the reader's consciouhness, his bearing is unob soe:vant, his atlitude uncoonsidered. Tihe details of his bivouno are in a sense martial, without its vigilance. Enveloped in his gray blanket and with his bead in the Ihollow of his saddle, hoe appears lost in the embraces of the drowsy god. But the prcsonce of his receontly discharged revolver, and at a few yards distrncc lie the already stiffcning carcass of a coyote betray evidences of zecently aroused energy. The only object nt present gifted with volition, however, scorns his bulled and hobbled light sorrel-front certain 'cold gravy resemblances denominated 'Olar Wilde,' Mr. IIowo's remote and sareartie protest against England's then suflicient recent infliction. Mr. Fanye Howe is an American, and does not consider his oountry or its government a necessarily dangerous experiment. He is as yet serenely unaware that he can derive any enlightenr m'oat, political from the ' other side.' Mr. Frayo Howe is not ar snrob; he is not at toady. Mr. Faye Howe is, nevertheless, between twenty-six and twenty-seven. For the next hour or so, the neighbouring solitude suffers little change. The hampered mustang with its unmelodsous aceompauiment pursues the ancienrt and equine occupation of Nebuchadnezzar with au occasional snort of satisfaction. A peripatetic chaparral-cok, with the unexplainable weakness of that bird for mornirng culls, had perched upon ra pin-r nacle of the neighbouing cow-pen, and turning his wise head upon one side, speculated for some minutes with gratuitous gravity and the air of a puzzled physician, upon the laziness of his extemp'r:;zed patient ; and then departed upon his customary rounds. f In the meantime, the beams of the lonsg ariseoh sun shoe through the branches of the overhanging pscaus and heated the blolrdo head of the sleeooper uncomfortably. He turned uneasily. Later several acute twingers made him conscious that he was an obstle loa to,a caravan of pilgrim anLts which held I their inflexible lino of mintrch aross his i recombent bo y. lie rose to it sitting posture with significant haste. Still heavy with the 'dews of sleep, Mr. Howe beoamo nevertheless i aware of ir pattering, clicking sound, ur de by successive objects dropping from the sur- r rounding air. Staggerirng to his feet, he instinctivoly sought the carcase of the dead F coyote. It was covered with the already s present and constantly arriving' hosts of the I burrowing beetle. A grim, tlap.ping slhadow intruded itself for a secoond upon its sun- ia steeped outline. Ie raised hir cycs. A ai turkey- buzzard with gory crest looked down itn ghoul-like sedratences fromr a limb above. L T'ho speedy burilo service of southern lati- a tudoes was already in progress. With a dejection of manner, aggravated, no v doubt, by ian empty stomrac, Howe busied G himself il thie preparation of a primitive a repast. An adjacent pool of water, of which V the encircling pecans wrero anrr iinfillible inldex, assisted him in Ihsety arblutions-sornowhat t perfunctory undreri lio circumnstances. Reo- b freshed by thoese shotchyeflforts, he re- hindled I the embers cf li.i ,inog ire, cut a forked r Ilick of thie me.r.quite, and toasted iIsore trips q ofibacon frotit a piece tied up in a sacklt behind i his saddle. Tie odour of the broiling morsels ro stimulated an arppetite aldrerdy whetted by the e balsaminc air of tie wilds. With the aid of a leaf of bread and oimne cool water. dipped frqra the neighiouring pool with tlhed brim of his\sombrero, lae necomplithed a hearty- f, becauaso hungry-repast. 'liho comploetion of e thisnmeal, thie obserovant buzzardl, now rein forced by several conrtemnplative comrades, • ·· ·t~ .1?.1,#?, ,..;÷h ... #.n e r.-.?....? .... 1.rl:..l, 1.:. · . presonce euforcld 'T'lhen saddllng, with incongruous haste, his Matirically entitled steed, this solitary wayfarer sprang into his stirrups, and rode carelcssly away from his sylvan bcd-chamber and Ire: fast-roomn, without even a casual survey .,f what he left i behind him. 1 As Mr. Hlowe emerged from the shelter of the pecan motto and redo out upon the plain, b a sense of exuberant health made him bestride his mrnsuhlar horse with a feeling of elationi. r A short ride brought him to the line of trail, t into which ho at once turned, and for a few t moments pursued his way between its imes- h quite fringes with pro-occupied thoughtful niess. Doubtless few of his whiloma eompanit ns would haso recognised in this sun-tanuedand contaur-riding wanderer a certain aspirant for collegiate honors a few years previous. Yet such was he. A critical inspection developed the fact that his garments, albeit conventional and of the traditional type, did not sit upon him with the habitude of a frontiersman. Aside from their newue-s, there was a luck of ca intimacy between them and the limbs of the wearer which at ores obtruded itself, and which the fact that garmonts are regarded by thire true native as .1 r-cies of highly-lacerated outicle was cminently calculated to overcome. However, a certain careless freedom antd I withal a recklessness of umien were not with- Ia out explaining the present geographical posi- o tion of the gentleman, andthere was an easy a adaptability in his genial face, quite in kleep ing with his surroundings. The faint cent v of the wild verbena, mingled with the more n brooding odour of bufftlo-clover, steeped his I senses as he quickened his hloreu's iace. Prairie-dogs, with the impudence of pigmies a in their strongholds, barked at him as he passed, or suddenly disappeared in their bur-, rows with a gurgling murmur of disapproba tion at his invading progress. A crazy ' killdee,' screaming with the occasional aim lessness of an itinerant vendor, ran before him ,c upon the right, and with commendable coon ,. terfeiting of helplessness attempted to decoy to hin from her young. A jackass-rabbit, r plunging wildly from a neighboring bush, t limped painfully away with its customary mendacity, and then turned and stared at him l, from under exaggerated ears. In emphatic derision of its hypocrisy, IHowe put spurs to ' the intrepid ' Oocar,' compelling the shame less cripple to an exhibition of speed which \+ disclosed its pitiful deception, and well-nigh It frightened into convulsions the would-be "rcdoubtabo ' mulc-car.' After a prolonged and exhilarating canter that drove the blood into the browned cheeks If of the rider, he checked his horse, with the r perfumed breezes thriling his pulses. As he g did so, a lumbering gray owl of the horned species slipped from a neighbouring live oak e and flapped heavily away. Howe drew rein is mechanically. Looking up into the near top of the dwarf tree from his elevated position, ho espied at capacious nest in a secure fork, from which point of vantage two pairs of wondering oyes blunkiningly regardedhm. He immediately dismounted, tethered his horse by the lariat which hung from theo pommel of his saddle, and proceeded to climb the tree. Arriving at the nest, he saw what he had be fthr coljoctured-two juvenile owls, partly fledged, and rgatrding him, with grotesque wisdom, from the midst of debris-the bones of moles and prairie-dogs, of tender years, pur veyed for their delectation by their solicitous parents. In that spirit of dissunt from the proclivities of unimate nature which had actuated him all the morning, HIowe, after a few momenta of amused inspection, selected the most promising specimen of owldoni and deposited him in the capacious pocket of his ducking-cloth jacket. Not ain instant too soin, though ; for the above-mnent'omted s.dicitous siro and nicther, returning in com pany It this critical muomont, attempted to interpose a forcible but unavailing remon strance, as the triumtphnt thief slipped down the t ree. ' Say-umister-wot--ye--got ?' panted a mischievous voice behind him. L mnition it with iegret, but candour compel- it, that Mr. Howe gave I, very violent start. Ii there are tiny cireamstances under which cne is justified in deeming himself secure from the fair, it would seem that such might be realised upon the bald prairies of South-VWest; and yet, anomalous as it may appear, encounters with a proverbially curious sex are not absolutely unknown. The vastness of the surroundings, the loneliness of the solitudes, impart a feeling of isolation frotm feminine fascinations - a scturity tgtainst observation, so that the first impulse of surprise suggests an attack, or, at best, an intrusion. lIe faced abruptly around. Seeing his evident amazcmenl, his interrogator gave vent to a long,! loud, extravagant, but not unmusical explosion of laughter, aicented by hilarious gestures of delight. l-:owe 3entered upon it criti~a l survey. The j object of his scrutiny might be fairly said to challenge fceminine classification. What he saw was a s mall figure so phenomenally clad in garments of either sex that indecision as to v gender was pardonable, to say the least. She had evidently been running, and her present merrirnent was heightened by the fact that she was quite out of breath. Hecr feet and ankles were bare, and somewhat scratched with t the oatclaw and cactu-, but, they were very smtall feet anttd ankles for all that. She wore a a dress exhibiting similar signs of suffering c from thorns, and through a diversity of `J three-cornered rents disclosing a red petti coat. Her hands did not appear, .but it heavy hunting-jacket, buttoned negligontly f about delicate little shoulders and with several inchles of superiluous sleeve, oppressed rather than clad two slender arms, increasing the general air of incongruity and discomfort. A broad sombrero of felt, heavily adorned wtth tarnished silver lace and additionally encumnbredl ty a strap-band with double thongs and buckles-conveying the im- g pressiont of soue primitive variety of cranial it torturo-fuoni ed her decidedly cumbrous hca-lgear. ti And yet thise Cie tlhat appertained to this t much beolothcd picture of health was quaint and pretty. A pair of very roguish black as oyes were dis.retly presided over by luong, ci fringing lashes. A braid of black hair, Loosened by her recent activity, struggled h from beneath her hat and fell upon hur shoulders. Tie observant cye of Mr. Fayo a H-lowe detected at revolver worn rattler e+ ambitiously bcneath the coat. With almost s a sigh for ta fastidious taste, festered in tc femnitine mutters by past promenade concerts, he decided that she was about sixteen and th untquetionably Ia very pretty young wuoman. st She suddenly regained her composure s and spoke with damaging abruptness. ' Don't ye reckon ycr 'shamed o' yerself- f rtobbiu' birds'-ne.ts V' she asked, boldly. st Somuewvherc in the depths of lHowe's P slumbering conscionce there lurked a faint scttse of sttloe for his present predicament. ai Ieo tacitly acquiesced. 'W \hy did ye go to do it, then ?' she h inquired, with the air of a privileged mentoir. tI 'To give to you,' lie replied, linding his tongue at once in the fabrication of this i entertaining falsehood. b This put a nlow construction on the case which the girl was quick to perceive. at Gallantry, of however doubtful a character, is always appreciated by the artful sex. She was appeased but not convinced. Dropping her chin, suddenly, she exhibited to the gentlmtan's view i blank desert of hatt, and appeared to collunuic with the precocious judgmecnt benoath it. Finally, raising her ftace again, and releasing her questioning eyes from their discreet, nmourn- i ing fringes, 'Will ye---will y swear ye saw me ' shie demanded with ridiculously solemn emphasis. d MIr. Howe was inot at all positive that the b circiumstsnces demanded the gravity of the oath. Heo betrayed the weakness of his si former position by an apparent reluctance to 1 commit perjury. ' Reckon not,' she decided. ' But will ye c just naturally give it to mue-anyhow?' ,liar.lnsins. II outrn,ti, ,i nir,..l n- F aPnrla that n was not to be resisted. le Something in the swooning fringes of P those cepiag lashes, the dewy freshness of the red lips, suggested to the young man the idea of cotmpnisaLion. I say sugges ed it. sl The gentleman had at one time been a law- in student ; he had then bocu, for the time C being, inclinedl to doubt the material exist- I{ ence of eompensation. H[owever, he still m recognised it ideally. I submit, too, that it to seemed really an age since he had enjoyed I+ the ouieulatorv privileges of female society. Actuated by a realizing sense of this fact, in he made b:ld to~ declare his full design. hi 'I do not mind bestowing it upon one et condition.' bh 'How -' He started. His cur was so sensitive to the sound of his own name. ' "?ell ?'-with some mischief. m ' What did ye jest get to say ' w 'I said you could have the owl. on one hi consideration.' a ' Wot's that ?' w ' A kiss'-very grimly, as if inviting her sl to a law suit. ie The girl retreated with feminino shynesa ; 1 her ha nds, with difioulty asserting them selves from the long sleeves, made haste to to cover her presumably coveted mouth, as if in I anticipation .of more practical advances. ft ' No ! Tha?k ye !' she replied, with awk- hI ward politeues . 'I don't go much on d makin' free with perfect strangers. Ye may keep yer ornery owl,'. he added. u Howe had just reached the same con eolsion; he was provokingly ironical in re- W o ferenc to her seound sentence. Howbeit, he experienced that enchantment which dis lance is said to lend to unattainable oib ' jects. Notwithstanding her recent disparaging a comment, the girl still regarded the owl with inconsistent longing. Hlowe confined his attention to a perusal of rustic attractions. 'Who are ye and where ye goin'?' she y finally demanded with charming direct ness. 'neMy name's Howe, and I'm on the road,' D he replied, vaguely, exhibiting that Northern privacy in personal matters unsympathised with by the Southern temperament. ' h[ope ye'll git thor,' she resl.onded cheer Sful -. '9ho gentleman thankoed her for her good wishes with an amused sarcasm, which was lost on the recipient. 'Wot's the name n' yer puny " she said, returning to the charge. It happened that Mr. Fayc 1Howe was trembling on the verge of a sneeze. He was aware of the Greek augury. He thought ho would sacrifice his politeness as a gallant to his classio supcrstition. Besides, he was in Texas. If lus border life had inculcated in the gentleman a certain discretion which made him exclusively addicted to indulging his forcible rhetoric in the privacy of his own company, its inflluenceo upon his code of social etiquette was apparently not so salu tary. He permitted himself the rude privi lege, and did not find it necessary to apolo giso, but lie attempted to say ' Oscar' at the same moment. 'Heoss car !' she exclaimed, with scorn. ''Pears to me yeo ain't naturally got much taste. Why didn't ye call him ' Sittin' Bull' or ' Standin' Buf lo -' 'ears to me men ain't worth the flippin' a pecan a-namin' things. There's Rube Smart's got two lovely mustangs he calls 'Snipe' and 'Bunch ' as of lie reckoned one was a bird and t'other a boil.' The girl regarded hii with unqalified con tempt, anid seemed surprised that he did not wither beneath it! but he remarked very calmly : '1 presume you would have called my horse 'Pansy' or ' Daisy "-this, in mali cious irony of feminine christening. An imperfect education in the repartee of the border was not without uassistin her in braving the dcduttions of Mr. Howe's logic. She eyed the mustang coolly and critically with the air of a haughty connoisseur. i must admit w-ith grief for his esthetic title, that his coat was somewhat sun-cured and weather-beaten, and, moreover, quite guilt less of groominlg. ' No : she said, ' pardnor, I skursley reckon I cud. 'Pears as I'd call him 'Quid' or ' Terbaukcr.' ' rayo l owc lost his gravity at this sally, and the young lady's scorn thawed a trifle at the recognized compliment to her humour. ' Tell ye what 1 reckon I'll do,' she finally said. 'What ?' iiih exaggerated expectancy. 'I'll play ye for thet thar critter,' indicat ing the owl with a disparaging wave of the hand. W' hat will you put up against it ?' in quired Howe, with well-feigned caution, though heartily amused. The girl hesitated, glanced again at the owl, I sighed, and immediately decided. ' y six-shooter,' drawing the formidable s weapon. 'Done !' with a violent air of business. I ' What shall it be t 'Poker,' she said, with an easy familiarity, producing a woc-bogone pack of cards from ( the side-pocket of her coat. The owl and revolver were placed side by side, subject to the dictum of chance. The cards were cut and dealt in grave silence. t The girl's cheeks flushed, and her eyes gleamed with excitement. ' Two cards,' she said with gratifying per- i functoriness. a Mr. Howe expressed himself as satisfied e with his hand. a She scowled. 'Two lir-atces up : ' aid Howe. d 'Full hand!' she shouted, triumphantly s appropriating the spoils. 'The $entlemuan acquiesced atith an extrava gant sigh of regret. Then lie took the r initiative in questioning. ' I suppose you can handle this i' he said f taking up tih revolver, an old-fashioned, t. muzzlo-loading Colt's' six-shooter.' 'Right smart !' she said, without looking t up; she had become absorbed in lavish ti caresses of the ccently acquired owl. n 'Let me see you shoot,' Howe requested, p handing it over. f The girl accepted the weapon mechanically b and looked round for a mark. She espied an c eir.pty tomato-can, probably discarded by sonic travelling teamster. She pointed it oat a to Howe. ' 1Watch!' she quietly remarked, raising the heavy wcuaion calculatingly in both her n small hands. Howe did watch with amused a interest. The startling report of the heavy aria h followed, and, as the smoke drifted to one el side, the can was seen to have changed its position with visible damage. i Mr. Fay Howe was correspondingly awed , and appreciative. h 'Bravo Where did you learn to shoot !' e he exclaimed approvingly. ' Oh! Pop anid me practices reg'lar 'bout , the ranch.' 'The ranch ' ' Where's that ?' t ''Bout a nmile north o' here,' she replied, It indicating tik line by jerking the thumb of her right hand over her shoulder, while she still caressed her lugubrious pet with her tl left. tl ' Who lives there . ' ' Me and Pop.' ' Who's ,w ' SDo you moanl- what's mny name. Howe nodded. 'Penelope Natchez,' she answered. 'What does your father do" ' e 'Vhat -does- he-· do!" with round, amazed eyes. 'WVhero yo bin, strangeor ? d Guoss you'ae a ' tender-foot.'' tl Weo're in equal ' flx,'?? sweetness,' respon- vi ded the collegian, apostrophizing the little bare and thorn-scratched feet. The girl looked at him embarrassedly, and traid in an instant, 'Thet's plum a-plenty o' thet.' Mfr. Howe made a mental note to avoid comtorisons in the future. '?\Vell,' sho resumed, after a silence, re lesson, 'if you're so powerful ignorant, my g, pop is land-agenlt andsheep- raier for Coneho t County.' The gentluman reflected that she probably t shared the peculiarities of a charming but T inaccur~ate bo in matters of busiCess. Concho County being as large as the State of Rhode Island, it was extremely unlike that ' pop' monopolised the sheep industry for that ex- be tant of territory. H{owbeit, he looked wise and said nothing. 'Tihar's part of 'm,' she explained, point- ol ing out a small flock at a distance of several mn hundred yards. At times during the recent Sc conversation, Howe had fancied he heard the th bleating of sheep and lambs, but the sounds I: had come so faintly against the wind that he wi believed himself mistaken. vs ' Yor see,' she said, drawing nearer to him and becoming suddenly confidential, ' pop's of went down to Eden this morning to a trial; to ho's a lawyer and has been county judge- b sure 'nuff. Bill Darcy's comin' up for shoot- le in' a feller, an' they couldn't get 'long no-how l without pop. I promised him I'd herd them sheep while he's away, because our herder's left. It's somethin' I don't generally do,' in she concluded, apologetically. This lucid explanation was not without in- di terest to Howe. It happened that he was in quest of this very same Judge Natohez in re- Ill forence to a disputed land-title. In view of r her recent charming confidences, he briefly all developed these faots to Miss Penelope. of " Re1kon ye'd better stop at the rauoh to- bl night,' she said, when he had finished; th ' pop'll be back by sau-down. Ye can lunch of with me under thet live oak, of ye earn to- vi over yonder,' pointing to a tree rather larger \- in its general outline than the provailing typo of that dwarf caricature of an apple-tree. It was distant about a hundred yards. ' But my sheep's strayin' ! Thew 'sn in, b Flo !' she screamed to a black and white shepherd dog that now disclosed herself is f their neighborhood, and had beendoingdoiible duty in her mistress's absence. o ' Go-'rounei-'e'm !' gesticulating with a \- circualar;wave of the band.; The intelligent brute looked knowingly at her a moment, and then trotting off, made a a wide detour. to intercept the utragglers. But d there was now a commotion among the loudly lamenting flock, and a disturbed bleating canto distinctly to the ear. ' Does that * hoss-car' o' yours buck. Mr. I Howe 'r' inquired Miss Penelope. a The gentleman felt a certain pride in dis claiming for his mustang that customary Texan characteristic. 'Reckon I'll her to borrer him, then,' she a said, loosing the tethered pony, springing into a the saddle, and throwing her knee over the o Mexican pommel ; I'll meet ye over by thet tree.' And she rode away like the wind, with n an Amazonian abandon quite in keeping with a her general mn.sner. a Bidden thus to an Arcadian repast, and de ; prived of his horse, there was nothing for l Faye Howe to do but to follow her insttue tions. He set out for the appointed rendez vous, but being possessed of some curiosity to note the precision of her recent shot, turned first in the direction of the unfortunate can. 3 Doubtless ha proceeded with less than cus tomary caution, for he was suddenly startled violently by a peculiar warning, very similar Sto the rapid unceiling of a broken clock spring-a sound never forgotten by one who lhaos heard it under dangerous circumstances. Bewildered by its muftled character, he sprang suddenly to one aide, and stepped right upon an enormous rattlesnake. Almost identical in color with the 'curly mesquite' gross in its neighborhood, it lay coiled ready to spring. He shrank back. with an exclamation of horror, but it was too late. The reptile darted forward, with a move ment of its head like successive, rapid blows of a tack-hammer. With a sickening shudder the gentleman felt himself bitten on the little finger of his right hand. He staggered, ghastly pale, to the live oak--distant but a few yards-and fell, rather than sat down, beneatl its shade. He was faint with agony. Cold beads of perspira tion-like a death damp-started upon his forehead. A foot-fall struck his car: he raised his head in a blind, dazed fashion. The girl was already returning holding the owl. ' Wot's up ' she queried, her quick eyes noting the feebleness of his attitude. 'Bitten!' he gasped, trying tf smile in the presence of the weaker sex-presumably. It was a ghastly failure-that smile. The girl became a heroine with Columbine suddenness. The owl, projected from his airy perch, described a bewildered parabola. She was kneeling beside him. ' Quick ! strip up yer shirt-sleeve !' she cried, tearing the. band from her heavy hatl She wrapped the leathern thong about his muscular fore-arm, and slipping the straps in the buckles, applied this rude tourniquet with an excited, nervous strength that made him wince. She produced a small pistol flask and some matches. 'Show men,' she said, imperatively. Mr. aye Ilowe obeyed. His little finger, his wrist-his whole hand and fore-.arm, up to theleathern bandage, were so swollen they might have done justice to G4oliath of. Gath. D]roppiug to a sitting posture, she do- I posited her sombrero in her Inl,, and grasp ung his wrist firmly, she laid the hand upon the thick felt. Have you ever seen a woman fumble and I flounder with a powder flask The Texan 1 heroine deposited two charges upon the bite as deftly as she handled her needle when she cared to. She struck a lucifer. Howe gave a gesture of disapproval. 'Grit your teeth,' she said, oaolly. She dropped the snatch. A flash; a sizzling sputter: a puff of white smoke. Mr. Klaye 1H owe yelled, of course. ' Thar,' she said, with a sigh of relief. I reckon that'll naturally fetch it.' After which exhibition of decision, feminihLe nerves betrayed themselves; Shed trembled violently and looked a little faint. However, she wes spared the observance of this by her companion. Hoe began to bel taken with a convulsive shuddering. Sum- t moning her courage again, the girl began to pull and tug at the pocket of her coat. She finally extricated a reluctant colossal list bottle. It was despondently full. She un corked it. ' Drink ! ' she said, simply; - Scotch t whisky ! yer lift depends on it! ' Howe took a long pull at the flask. ' Don't stop she cried ; ' there's heaps more ! there's heaps more ! I've got it hid at the ranch. Lucky I kep' this from pop i last night,' she soliloquised. ' 1. was afeared he was 'lowin' to get outside ofthis, so as to clear Darcy. It's most too poplar with pop. Reckon by this time,' she added, eon- I ildentially, as if to her bare feet, ' ther' I wouldn't been nothin' in it but ths smell, if he'd been bit. 'Pears bh' been bit reg'lar every oveniu' lately.' Then she turned to Howe and said sternly. ' Why don't yoe drill / ' Thus adjured, Howe made a laudable effort to diminish the contents of the flask. Pens.e lope watched him anxiously. 'Yer must drink it all,' she protested, ' and then '--- looking at him slyly, as if to note the impression made by her bibulous advice-I 'and then-yer must begin on the ditamy- t john. Stop yer take breath; throw ycr head t back; shut yer eyes and let her june; the objek is ter get the pizen drunk.' After which graphic medical treatise, she subsided with a soliciteus gravity in her eloquent blanok eyes. The contents of the Hflask were seriously diminishing. Howe felt nio exaltation front the liquor. It was the antagonism of the virus. ' Ye must get home,' Penelope said, in anuxiety, Homo ? ' said Howe, wonderingly. ' Yas-to the ranch.' She picked up the snfortunate owl, which, from its apparent distress, had not even yet f regained its wonted eqluanimity. fi gentleman, 'tumble into yer eaddle whilo c thero's time.' o lie mechanically obeyed her. She called 0 to her dog to 'throw the sheep together.' Taking the lariat of the impassive Oscar, who had been an apparently testhetic and stupid i spectator of her previous efforts for his unfor. tunate master, she drove the bleating flock before her, and set out forthe ranch. The nest-building of the Texau is not characterised by that air of luxurious reline ment which once obtained among older Southern States. The humble dwelling of the ex-judge, land-agent, and sheep.farmer, I regret to say, was not an exception. Not withstanding that wealth of ability which his varied pursuits might seem to imply, y mechanical art interposed but an obscure and C feeble shield between him and the inclemenoy b of the weather. This may have been owing to a stoical indifference to climatic changes, si but I am inclined to refer it to a certain care lessness and implicit faith in nature, quite in keeping with the Texan temperament. R The idea of carelessness was strengthened tl in the mind of the casual visitor by marked shiftlessness in material surround ings, and by apparently impotent efforts to discard articles of departed utility. The fl surface of the bald prairie, which undulated b, like a beach of sand upon the borders of the j ranch, exhibited the same disreputable curic sities that are sometimes found on the shore of the sea. Tin cans, empty bottles, soleless t boots, broken crockery, hats, shameless in tl their battered exterior-all in absurd attitudes d of vagrancy--covered the desecrated face of L virgin soelitude. The forlorn emblems of h Sephemeral adornment were all peristernay and uninterestingly iaaeculine. It is with embarrassment that I admit, that there wero other articles, unmistaktably tE ninine. The ranch itself had been rather inju dioiounly built at the junction of two creeks, and on a very slight knoll in a small oenir Scling clump of live oaks-their ever-green quality offering thus a feeble, but perennial shade. It was of adobe, and undoubtedly piearesqueo. Its capacity for comfort at cer tain seasons was apparently beneath the at tention of the owner. The roof from within "afforded occasional astronomical opportunities and a pane of glass in the solitary window was rendered uselessly opaque by the inter vention of an old felt hat. Howbeit, it was not altogether unpropossessing. It had once been the apartment of the ac complished judge, but as the flight of time marked a growing maturity in Penelope, the legal gentleman had exhibited a chivalric courtesy in retiring to the less pretentious, but equally leaky, cover of a tent, pitched just outside. This, with enforced retreats at odd times to the kitchen-a long, low struo ture, built of slabs, and graced with a small cooking-stove-formed the father's sleeping quarters, and comprised his somewhat sad attempt athousekeeping. The whole was en circled by a slight rail-fence. The chivalric retirement of thc' judge from Miss Penelope's room, was, however, tonm pered by signs of his intermittent presence. A meagre array of the resources of Texan jurisprudence in the shape of three debili tated law-books, covered with dust, and se nurod from perusal by over-topping feminino "gimcracks," was supplemented byan ample commentary, sanctioned by one Lynch, .T. to whom frontier ideas of exact justice ap parently necessitated more assiduous refer ence. Blriefly, the wall in the neighbourhood c~ the scant law-library suggested an ar sinal. It was literally frescoed with muni tions of war-shot guns, ' Winohesters,' car bines, pistols, revolvers, and bowies, included in this suggestive display of the swift retri bution that waits upon crime. It is not too much to say, that, with the exception of several articles of apparel, discreetly veiled by an overhanging strip of calico, they formed almost the only details of this modest at tempt at house-farnishing. There was, however, one other prominent piece of fur niture. A low bed, somewhat shaky in its underpinning, and exhibiting that peculiar sketchiness in make-up of which the interior and, in fact, the ftcd rse mcil,' of this carica ture of mechanical art prevailingly partook. Mr. Fave Howe was, at present, occupying it. A demijohn rested upon the floor. Pene lope, tin-cup in hand, with a grim resolve in her pretty features, and a general atmos phcre of perfunctory dosing, was seated near him. It is only the grave exigency of his recent misfortune which constrains me to admit that the gentlemacn was, at present, hopelessly inebriated. At the interesting moment of his introduction, the laudable and unremitting attentions of Miss Natchez had captured him. Had Penleolpe been interested in drunken ness as .a purely psychical study, it is to be believed that, at successive stages, lher cx perimental efforts would have been armply rewarded. But she was eminently practical, and ignored details. Serene in the achiove ment of her purpose, attendant symptoms were disregarded. The phenomena attribut able to alcoholic excess are almost infinite. The ardent devotion of same temperaments when intoxicated is worthy of a higher inspiration. I think I am safe in saying that, whatever possibilities liquor may induce, Mr. Howe achieved them all. He lhad been hilarious, maudlin, affectionate, even endearing lie was now feebly inter jectional and mildly incoherent. His natu rally retentive memory, excited by his potions, constrained him at first to entertain Miss Natchez with a lengthy rehearsal of acknowledged vocal abilities. He sang solos, duets, trios-his intoxicating judg ment oven tempting him to grapple with a quarter. This proving a lamentab le failuro -especially as he evinced a disposition to carry all the parts at once--he relapsed into collgeo-glees, and eventually int.o a madly whirling drinking- chorus. Awakening to a realising sense of his proximity to beauty, he exhausted the re sources of sentiment and an unusually rich vocabulary upon the astonished maiden. He called her 'his flower,' 'his life,' ' his dream,' 'his brooding sweetness,' ' his ecstatic affinity.' He was evidently near the clohds at this point. He even instituted comparisons, and drawing from the bosom of his blouse the ran', tir aisi/e of a most fashionably-dressed youne lady, expressed his unhesitating pre ference for the natural charms of his /i_,nr,,, nurso. These vehement efforts were associa ted with certaiu familiarities of gesture and caress, which Penelope repelled with com -,endable coyness, but with a manifest feeble ness, prompted, no doubt, by her feminino consciousness of the fact that his critical discernment, was sadly blunted byv the fro quency of his libations. In the end, worn out by his violent exertions, Mr. Faye Howe became helplessly comatose. Miss Penelope Natchez picked up the picture that had fallen from his nerveless fingers. She abandoned herself to a long and careful study of its attractions. Having concluded which, with the disparaging comment that she 'didn't go much on such fine-haired and furbelowed gals as thet,' she heaved a deep sigh, and with a tender glance at the recumbent Howe, ruthlessly appropriated it. It was now night. ' opp' had not come home. With some forebodings for her sire's present physical condition, she essayed to allay her filial anxiety by renewed efforts for the comfort of Howe. Now that he was en tirely unconscious, sithe lavished a wealth of tenderness upon hime: she lifted his head aid deposited it in her lap; she passed her hands caressingly over the blonde beard, and softly smoothed his thin hair; she talked to him cooidigly, in a sympathetic, pitying fashion, deprecating his misfortune, and sincerely grateful for her prompt presence. And then, as time slipped away ilnto the small hours, I and the moonlight-that mysterious foe of woman-filtered through the well-rentilated 1 roof and fell upon her; and the mocking birds-those melodious extollers of Luna's demoralizing tendencies-beguiled her with their song, she grew suddenlylonely; her 1 head drooped, lher black mane tuchled his forehead, and she kissed him. And the half fledged but vigilant owlet, as if by this seal no TCCOgnisen nor now IunaellaDoie trL O I S11 chance-ownership, attested it by a soft ' Hoo o-o ! Hoo.o-o !' that sent the blood dancing over the girl's temples, as though a cloud of witnesses were conscious of her weakness. h Blt Mr. Faye Howe dreamed that the fiah. ionable lady watched over his sleep. :CONCLUDED NEXT WELEK. Many persons use the phrase ' in a trico ' who hive no conception of the meaning. A trice is the sixtieth part of a second of time. The hour is divided into sixty minutes, the minute into sixty seconds, and the second into sixty trices, or thirds-Spanish tr';. Countrymen (to hotel clerk)-' I reckon you'll have to give me another room, mister.' Clerk-' What a the matter with the one you have ' Countryman - ' The sign says, 'Don't blow out the gas,' an', b'gosb, I can't sleep with all that light in the room.' ' I don't see why you should sneer at my engagement ring,' said the fair girl with a I flush of indignation on her cheek, as she faced the belle of the opposition town; 'it's a great deal prettier than the one you wo o three years ago, and haven't worn since l' ' No, ear.' replied her friend, with a cool, far-away look in her voice; 'not prettier, hut quite as pretty. It is the same ring.' A little boy was told that the Rev. Mr. Goforth, the missionary to China, would be a the only Christian umnister in charge of a 1 di.strict having as many people as are in the whole of Canada. 'My l' he said, ' won't he have to holler.'-Torento Globe. 