ORIGINAL CORRESPONDENCE. SACERDOTALISM. {To the Editor of the Maitland Mercury.) SIE,-It is much to be regretted that the Eev. John Nash, after so many years of faithful service in this diocese, should now be found, in the even- ing of his life, among the doubtful prophets of our Master. And it is pitiable that Sir. Nash fails to seo what reasonable objection can be taken to any- thing Canon Tyrrell has written iu St. Peter's Parish Magazine referred to-March last. May I ask, is it not a reasonable thing for a person to object to a miuister of religion mis-quoting Scrip- ture in support of error ? Canon Tyrrell says : " All the rites and ceremonies of the Mosaic Law were types of the corresponding things which the new dispensation should bring forth ; they were patterns to be coined in Christian worship. St. Paul, writing of some of these Mosaic observances, says that * they were our examples,' ' for our admonition ¡' ' that they were a shadow of good things to come.'" Now, even at the risk of being considered by Mr. Nash as barbarous and ferocious, I unhesitatingly say this is a misquoting of God's word, written by St. Paul the Apostle. What St. Paul really said was this : " Now, these things were our examples, to the intent we should not lust after evil things, as they also lusted ¡ neither bo ye idolaters, as were some of them ; as it is written, ' The people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up -to play.' " Canon Tyrrell designedly omitted to tell his people where his quotations could be found. Mine are lo be found, I Cor. x, 6. It would be beyond the limit of a letter to review the magazine in extenso, but the opening paragraph ÍB so jesuitically written that it caunot be passed in silence. It says: "The term Ritualism, which is in these days applied to one particular movement in the Anglican Church, may Le regarded as a system of rites and forms and ceremonies." This is Jesuitic truth ; it is the truth half told. If Canou Tyrrell had told the whole truth the paragraph would have read, "The term Ritualism, which is in these days applied to one particular movement in the Anglican Church may be regarded as a system of rites and forms and ceremonies, for the purpose of teaching the false doctrine of sacerdotalism." The book that Canon Tyrrell quoted from pretends to be a Church of England book, yet at page 49 it says, " In the Holy Eucharist a Priest offers a sacrifice upon an altar." We will see presently what the authorities say on the matter, but be it noted with what cunning all Kitualistie clergymen seek to revive a doctrine that our church cast aside at the Reformation, "the doctrine of a sacrificing priesthood. Some persuade children to bring flowers to church for the purpose of offering them to God for a sacrifice, but they do not allow the children to place the flowers on the Communicn Table. Oh, no; the priest must do that. Again, some clergymen make it a rule that, if you join the choir, you must turn to the' Com- munion Table at certain parts of the service. Somo insist on the people standing when the offertory is made, so that the people shall be on their feet when the priest offers up the collection to God as a sacrifice ; and some have Communion Tables constructed like altars, and call them altars, al- though there is no such a word in any of our authorised Church books. The word altar implips sacrifice ; every device that cunning can suggest is used to familiarise the people with the idea that the minister is a priest to offer sacrifice. When the people set accustomed to these forms, and to heln them on, hymns are selected with the word "sacri- fice" plentifully used throughout ; all for one object, and that object is Sacerdotalism-the power of the priesthood. All Ritualistic clergymen are Sacerdotalists : it depends whether the atmosphere is Protestant or indifferent, spiritual or formal, for its development. If the atmosphere is Protestant and spiritual, Sacerdotalism may bud, but it will soon wither and die ; but, if indifferent and formal, all the devotion in the world will not prevent it, but help it (for the greatest heathens are devout). Sacirdotalism willdevelope, and thepeople will soon be taught that " In the Holy Eucharist a priest offers a sacrifice, upon an altar." These Ritualists or Sacerdotalists, synonymous terms, pretend that ordination gives them the power,but all authorities are againstthem. Quoting from the English Cyclopctdia, which says : " A form of somo kind has always been observed in conferring the priesthood. This was the case under the Old Testament dispensation, in which the family, age, and qualifications of the individual appointed are particularly described. In the New Testament Our Lord called the Twelve Apeatles, and sent them out-ordained them to perform the offices of re- ligion. So likewise the Apostles ordained others ; and the form they adopted for setting them apart was prayer and the imposition of hands. In this manner bishops, priests, and deacons were ap- pointed ; and for at least ten centuries no other ceremony was used or added thereto. When the church became corrupt this, like almost every other rrdinance, shared the general'perversion. It lost its primitive simplicity, and was elevated to the dignity of a sacrament. The plan was adopted of delivering to a person.ordamed priest, the sacred vessels, that is, the plate and the cup, employing with the action certain words, by which he was authorised to offer sacrifice to God and celebrate mass. To constitute a sacra- ment, three things are required - matter, form, and institution. Ordination was evidently instituted by Jesus Christ and his apostles ; but in their institution of it, it clearly wants the main i elements of a sacrament. The church of the eleventh century, in converting it into a sacrament considered the vessels as the matter, and the form was the delivering them with the words r- 'Take thou authority to offer up sacrifices to God, and to celebrate masses, both for the living and the dead ; in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost.' Protestant churches have returned to the original method of conferring orders, and only use prayer and the imposition of hands." Harold I Brown, in his Exposiiionofthc Thirly-nine Articles, p. 779, says :-" According to the forms in the ancient Roman Pontificals, those who were ordained priests had their hands anoinced, the vessels of the Eucha- rist were delivered to them, and authority was given them to offer sacrifice. At the Reforma- tion the Noir Ordinal (1549) omitted the ohrisra and all mention of offering sacrifices, but re- tained the custom of delivering the chalice or cup with tbe bread. In 1052 the second service book of Edward VI. carno forth, and with it a further revision of the Ordinal, which omitted the chalice and paten, and left the Ordinal nearly as it at present stands." "We can now see where Ritualism or Sacerdotalism conies from, and whither these Ritualistic priests desire to direct our stops : most certainly to the condition or state of the people that existed between the 11th century and the Reformation. If we permit Sacerdotalism to be again fastonedon fco the people we instantly go back to priestly rule. There is only ono instaneo in the world's history whore Sacerdotalism has benefitted the human race, and that was in regard to the Jewish nation. But even in this grand but solitary instance it required the direct intervention of the Almighty to prevout the priest from usurping the temporal power<(indc Num. xii). All history proves that Sacerdotalism is the greatest curse the world has ever known : it has always been used iu subjugating the minds of mon, and in keeping thom in political, social, moral, and religious slavery. Such is the result where the sacrificing priest is or has been permitted. Ritualism is Sacerdotalism, and aims at tho estab- lishment of an uuscriptural religion, for the purpose of making men subject to priestly rule and tyranny, which will drive thom ultimately to atheism. The Rev. Edwin Hatch, M.A., D.D., reader in ecclesias- tical history in the University of Oxford, in his Organisation of the Early Christian Churches, Eays : "An exaggerated conception of the place and functions of the Christian Ministry has operated, more than any other cause, to alienate the minds of men from the faith of Christ." Trusting you will afford space for the above, believe me, yours very truly, J. G. CHAPMAN. West Maitland, Sept. 26th, 1888. 