RACE BETWEEN BEACH AND HANLAN. WIN FOR THE FORMER. Tho famous contests between Beach and Iranian aro still fresh In tho minds of tho.publlo; how for wcoks -beforehand tbe condition of the men was a matter of constaut inquiry ; how tho racos wero tho topio of oonvorsatlou iu all circles, how the fenttW was heavy aud tho attendance numborod upwards of 30,000 or 40,000. But mutters havo chauged. Tlio samo two men rowed yesterday as socoud cIubs scullers, aud tho interest in tho ruce was no grentor than if thoy hud scarcely been heard of before. This clmngo has lmpp.ned in a few months. Haulan has always beon anxious to agata moot his old competi tor, und tha lattor at lust ucceptud his chnllougo, a courio which somo people thought -very unwise. But ou bohulf of BoaoU it is poiutcd out that if ho thinks ho has a ckanuo of making £500 ut sculling there is uo reason why ho should not tnko it, and certainly good re.'isoua why he should, Tlio race w.w won without a try by Beach. His pulliag was nuut aud olcun, as of old. aud his coolmnu aud judgment ware as good us many of his lormur races. Ho scaled 12st, 61b., whilo Udnlan wont 11st. 2!b. Ths Canadian had a moro suthflcil appear uiice than on any previous occasion, but ho hail loss" show of beating Beach yastcrday thuu m any other raco in which the two havo met. Tho Rrlsbauo Aquutlo Carnival will now, be watched with lntorest and tho mcotiug of Beach and Scarle should produce a raco worth going a long way to sco. Bcarle's beet wilo was with btousbury, whou ha did with tha abb iu Smln. 35scc., and his next with v. un, doing il wltli the ebb In 5mlu. 52soc. Beach's j mile on tbo abb yesterday Mas Gmlu Mfco., but ho(cou'd huvu done it much quicker; his trip to UhrsVoiiu took 2miu. 1&90c., Scuttle having duno It In tbo two race mentioned uboru in liulu. 55scc. and 2miu. Mr. George Hill was tbo umpire, and tho stakes will be paid over to-ulgut ut Reach's Hotel. Tin: uacu. Tho stcamcM Gosfurd und Inviuclblo left tho Cir cular Quay fairly well tilled at about, 3.1/, the betting beingjlUto 4 against HnuUn. Arriving at Rydo It waa seou that a Kwluging ebb tide wuj in their favor, and the water could not hare been better for ruolng. Mr. Watson, on behalf of Uanhui, spun tbo oolu with Mr. Double, anil tho result win that Uanlan bad tho choice. This U tbo flm timo that llunlau has wo# tho toss agaiu.t lleuch. aud ho choic Uiu centre uf tha course. After waiting a little Reach cftmo out from Rydo Wharf and Jlnnlau put off from Uhrs I'olnt, wc having passed lilui coming np tho river in a skill, Fliuiayun holding the outrigger on his knees. OctUng into positions, Jlnnlau being in midstream with tbo thk, they soon got away to an excellent Htirt, Beach fooling the water ilr.t. Hanluu startud with 10 strokes to tbe first losec. Beach pulled ono less, and Irani the jump went off with the lead. M3 to 1 on Beach" was now offered, but there wero no takers. Thu llr.;t quarter-mile wus ib.ne In Imln, 2l!scc., Beach about half a length ahead. It now appearod from the easy way lu which Beach was pull ing that ho intended to let Hniilnn make the pace, and the latter began to creep up, und at. Uhr's Point they were level. Tbo betting now dropped to 2 to I against Jlaiilau. and shortly alter it was 5 to 4agalust him. Tho rointwa passed in 2mln. lOsee. Gutting over towards the mltu he-aeon they wero still about UtoI, although muuv thought that llunlau was uhcad. jjoth men wiiieneu ono iiuoiiijr, mm ua u»u iu look partly over his shoulder it was evident Beach was slightly in the lead, 3U to tt.o miuuto going to tho credit of each, iluulan was pulling a very Jerky stroke, whilo Beach bad his old long swing, uud what ho could hare done had the occasion demanded would have bccu something llko the pacu that has hitherto characterised his champion race. Ho could lutro quickened up at any part of the first nitlc,; but he used his judgment and so long an ho wus ahead ho appeared, 1 to rcstf satis fied, Ah thoy passed tho milo Beach iviw ft good half- length ahead, thu watch showing Buiin, 6-lscc. Ho wus well out In tho tide, while Jlaubin passed inside thojlcacou Hero the betting sunt Beaoh. iuto a firmer stand, aud as bo drew out half-way over to Putney lie put a clear length of daylight bstweon tlio boats. Haulan was still putting in his jerky strokes, but though I10 rowed >up 'to ..30 ho kept falling further BBtorn ol Beach, who was rowlug ono less, "I'll lay 4 to 1 Boooh wius" was heard all over tho boat. Putney was passed In 9miu. 15seo., Beach still showiug the way by two lengths. Iluuhn uow bognn to tire u little, and as this was noticed 100 to 10 was offered agalusl him. Iloaoh hero slowed dowu to 28, anil when ho passed Tennv.son iu I2min. I10 was four leugths ahead. Hauhtn looked round two or thrco times at Reach and spnrtod off up to 32, and brought Beach back a length, but Beach peroclTing this put in acouplo of strong ones, und soon ;ucut Uanlun buck again to four lengths. Cabarita Wharf was pR3scd in 15minH Ilanlnu being now done, the spurt bo put on being his last effort. Gludesvillo saw Beach respond to tho cheurs of the crowd by sending Jiunlan back to six leugths, aud ho shot p. ssed itho wharf in lGmln. 20ncc., Hanlan coming along 13sec. later. Beach was now pulling as if for pleasure, aud ISuiin. 4Gste. bad1 gone by wheu ho passed One-iuftu Wharf. Ho thon Blowod down and Haulan began to creep up, though, of course, only on sufferance, and got within two leny'tLfl of 4 Beach. Thcro lioj stayed and thev pasfifld ' tho judge in that order, tho wuton showing 21mln.il5scc. for the journey. Tho following tablo will vivo the tlmos at tho various points on tho river tho Beach uud Hanlan races , . ; 7 6 h j? r I ' i i i 4 si «m . aS £ 3 t!, £ S ® 0 «1 0 o. „ M a> M .Q «j . fc n 'to 5 $ « a Sf 4 " "4 1 I £ a « n .9 S 2 ft. o.PE R o o 1384\. j i 1 i i ' 1G.8 Beach .. .. 0.15 9.12 .. 18.45 20.28 0 9, Hanlan' J885. 28.3 Beach > .. .. 0.15 0.45 16.10 20.5 22.5 li 10 9 Hanlan . .. 1 1883\. 1 37.11 Beach ... 2.10 5.64 9.15 15.0 18.46 21.15 2 9 Hanlan f" 1 .Note. — F, flood- tide. B, obb-tldo. UKiCU'tf OPINION. Last night Boauli came into town «nnd u crowd gathered ut Beach's Hotel to witocsu the paying ovor of the stukus, but urraugemuuts wero mauo during theaftcruoou for itho. paying of them to-night. In a conversation with Beach he said, "1 never felt tbo slightest doubt as to the result. I could havo won from the jump aud by a great deal moro than I did. Hanlan rowed n very good rucu for n uillo and a quarter, but 1 was never nt my best ut auy part. 1 think'I could have rowod the mile considerably fastor tliau Dmin. 54scc., the timo wo did to-day, stiU I think Iluulan rowed n very good race, I leave for homo to morrow at 1 o'clock ami return almost imiucdmtuly to ' leave forBrisbauo on Thursday by train. Kemp aud Ncilson travel with mo." In answer to a question as to whether ho would row Searlo,be said, " No fear ; that fellow is too good. I would not havo a ghost of a show with him. You must recollect ho 1b a much youngor man than mo. Of courso I meet him In the Brisbane carnival and that is nil 1 think I can do." Hanluu did not como dowu tlio river and Is not croitur to Brisbane. 