THE NOVELIST. THIS MORTAL COIL/ Br GKANT ALLEN. CHAPTEB XVII. BREAKING A HEAHT. When Warren Relf returned to Lowestoft, burning with news, and eager at bis lnck, biB first act was to call his sister Edie hurriedly out of Elsie's room, and proceed to a consultation with her upon the strange evidence he had picked up so unexpectedly at Ahnundham station. Should they show it to Elsie or should they keep it from her ? That was the question. Fortune had, indeed, favoured the brave ; but how now to utilise her curious information? Should they let that wronged and suffering girl see the utter abysses ot human baseness yawning in the man she once loved and trusted, or should they sedulously and carefully hide it all Irom her lest they break the bruised reed witb their ungentle handling? Warren Kelt himself, after thinking it over in his own soul, all the way back to Lowestoft in his third-class carriage, was almost in favour now of the specious and futile policy ot con-1 cealment Why needlessly harrow the poor J child's feelings? Why rake up the embers of her great grief? Surely sne had been wounded and lacerated enough already. Let ber rest content with what she knew so tar of Massinger's cruel and treacherous selfish ness. But Edie met this plausible reasoning, after a true woman's lashion, with an em phatic negative. She stood out for the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth, come what might of it "Why?" Warren asked, with a relenting eye. " Because," Edie answered, looking up at bim resolutely, "it would be better she should tret it all over at once. What a pity she should spend her whole life long in mourning and wailing over this wicked man, who isn't, and never was, in any way worthy of her. . . . AVarren, she's a dear, sweet, J gentle girl. She takes my heart. 1 love her dearly already. . . . She'll mourn and wail for bim enough anyhow. I want to disenchant ber as much as I can before its too late, the sooner she learns to hate and despise him as be deserves the better for everybody." " Why?" Warren asked once more, with a curious side-glance. " Because," Edie went on, very earnestly, " ebe may some day meet some other better man who could make her ten thousand times happier as his wife than this wretched, sordid, money hunting creature could ever make any-1 one. If we disenchant her at once, without remorse, it'll help that better man's case forward whenever he arrives. If not . . .She paused significantly. Their eyes met. Warren's fell. They understood one another. " But isn't it selfish ?" Warren asked wist fully. Edie looked up at him witb a profoundly meaningless expression on ber soft round | face. " Selfish !" ebe cried, making her mouth small. " I don't understand you. Wbat on i earth bas selfishness to do witb it anyway? Nobody spoke about any particular truer and 1 better man. You jump too quick. 1 merely 1 laid on a young man in the abstract From j the point of view of a young man in the abstract, I'm sure I'm right, absolutely right 1 aiways am. It's a way I have, and I can't j belp it" " Besides which," Warren Relf interposed, suddenly, "it Massinger really did write that forged letter Bhe'll have to arrange something about it, you see, sooner or later. She'll want to set herself right with the Meyseys, of course, and she'll probably make some sort of representation or proposition to Mas singer." " She'll do nothing of the kind, my dear," Edie answered promptly, with brisk confi dence. "You're a goose, Warren, and you don't one tiny little bit understand the in ferior creatures. You men always think you know all about us women, and can read us through and through at a single glance, as if we were large print on a street poster, while, as a matter of fact, you never really see an inch deep below the surface. She'll accept tbe forgery as if it were ber own letter; she'll never write a word, for good or evil, to con tradict it or confirm it, to any of these batefui Whitestrand people; she'll allow this horrid wretch Massinger to go on believing she's really dead; and she'll ceaBe to exist, as far as he's concerned, henceforth aud for ever." " Will she?" Warren Relf asked dubiously. " How on earth do you know what she'll do, Edie?" "Why, what else on earth could she do, Billy?" his sister answered, witb the same perfect conviction in her own inbred sagacity as ever. " Could she go and say to bim, with tears in her eyes and a becoming smile on ber pretty little lips, ' My own heart's darling, I love you devotedly; and I know you signed my name to that forged letter T Could she fling herself on these Moxies, or MumpBies, or Mixies, or Meyseys, or whatever you call: tbem, and say sweetly, ' 1 didn't run away j from you; I wasn't in earnest I only tried , ineffectually to drown myself for love of this dear, Bweet. charming, poetical cousin of mine, who disgracefully jilted me in order to propose to your own daughter, and then, j believing me to have killed myself for j shame and sorrow, bas trumped tip letters I and telegrams in my name, of malice prepense, on purpose to deceive you ? He's a | mean scoundrel, and I hate his very name : and 1 want him for myself; so I won't allow bim to marry your Winifred or whatever else her precious new-fangled higli-faluting name may be.' Could any woman on earth EO utterly efface herself and ber own womanli ness as to go and say all that, do you suppose, to anybody anywhere? . . . You may think so in your heart, I daresay, my dear boy ; but you won't get.a solitary woman in the world to agree with you on the point fpr j one single minute." % ^The painter drew his hand slowly across | bis cold brow. "I suppose you're right, Edie," he answered, bewildered; " but I wbat'il she do trHh herself then, I, wonder?" "Dot" Edie echoed. " As if do were the ] rrat^ioi it f W by do nothing, of course :-be, puffit, fip^'moiirn over it She'd like if she "ijjt tender braised broken-hearted into A bole, with her head Iin3 die quietly, like a JSreatare, with no one on earth tt> ber. She mustn't die. but MWWU w WUII ; we ve sot to do! fort her-to be silent i " cease to live now; she'll retire from nkshe's dead, tbe situation.: fovea bim too won't expose timid and bm Iwen pur shrinking and modest for that She'll leave 1 things alone, that's all she can do. And on the whole, my dear, if you only knew, it's really and truly the best thine possible." So Edie took the letter and telegram piti fully in her hand, and went with what bold ness she could muster up into Elsie's bed room. Elsie was lying on the sofa, propped up on pillows, in the white dress she had worn all along, and with her face and hands as white as the dress stuff; and as Edie held the incriminating documents, part hidden in her gown, to keep them from Elsie, she felt like the dentist who hides behind his back the cruel, wrenching instrument with which he means next moment in one fierce tug to drag and tear your very nerves out She Btooped down and kissed Elsie tenderly. '* Well, darling," she said (tor illness makes women wonderfully intimate), *' Warren's come back. Where do you think he's been? He's been over to-day as far as Almundham." " Almundham !" Elsie repeated, with cheek more blanched and pale than ever. " Why, what was he doing over there to-day, dear? Did lie hear anything about- about-. Were they all inquiring alter me, I wonder? Was there a great deal of talk and gossip abroad ? Oh, Edie, tell me quick all about it." "No, darling," E:lie answered, pressing her band tight, ana signing to her mother who sat by the bed to clasp the other one. " No body's talking. You shall not be discussed. Warren met Mr. Meysey himself at the Almundham station; and Mr. Meysey was going to Scotland. And he said they'd heard from j'ou twice already, to explain it all; and nobody seemed to think that-that any thine Eerious in any way had happened." "Heard from me twice!" Elsie cried, puzzled. " Heard from me twice-to explain it all! Why, what on earth did be mean, Edie? There must be some strange mistake somewhere" Edie leant over her with tears in her eyes. It was a horrible wrench, but come it must, and the sooner the better. They should understand where they stood at once. " No, no mistake, darling," she answered dis tinctly. "Mr. Meysey gave Warren the letter to read. . . . He's brought it back. I've got it here for you. It's in your own hand, he says. . . . Would you like to see it this moment, darling?" Elsie's cheek Bhowed pale as death now, but she summoned up courage to murmur " Yes." It was the mere unearthly ghost of a yes, so hollow and empty, but she forced it out somehow, and took the letter. Edie watched her with bent brows and trembling lips. How would she take it? Would she see what it meant? Would she know who wrote it ? Could she ever brieve it ? Elsie gazed at it in dumb astonishment So admirable was the imitation that tor a moment's space Bhe actually thought it Was her own handwriting. She scanned it close. " My dear Winifred," it began as usual, and in her own hand, too. Why, this must be just an old letter of her own to her friend and pupil; what possible connection could Mr. Meysey or Mr. Relf imagine it bad with the present crisis? But then the date-the date was so curious: " September 17th that fatal evening. She glanced through it all with a burning eye. Great heavens, what was this? "So wicked, so ungrateful." . . . "I know Mrs. Meysey will never forgive me." . . . "By the time thiB reaches you, I shall have left Whiteftirand, no doubt for ever." . . . "Darling, for heaven's sake, do try to hush this up as much as you can." . . . "Ever your affectionate, but heart broken, ELSIE:''" A gasp burst from her bloodless lips. She laid it down, with both bands on her heart That signature "ELSIE" betrayed the whole truth. She was white as a sheet now, and trembling visibly from head to foot But she would go right through with it; she would not flinch ; she would know it all-all-ail utterly. "I never wrote it," she cried to Edie, with a choking voice. " I know yon didn't, darling," Edie whis pered in her ear. "Andyou know who did?" Elsie sobbed out, terrified. Edie nodded. " I know who did-at leaBt, I suspect Cry, darling, cry. Never mind na. Don't burst your poor heart for want of crying." But Elsie couldn't cry out yet. She put her white hand, trembling, into her open bosom, and pulled out slowly, with long, lingering reluctance, a tiny bundle of water-staintfi* letters. They were Hugh's letters, that she had worn at her breast on that terrible night She had dried them all carefully one by one here in bed at Lowestoft, and she kept them still next the broken heart that Hugh bad so lightly sacrificed to Mammon. Smudged and half erased by immersion as they were, she could still read them in their blurred condi tion, and she knew them by heart already, for the matter of that, if the water had made them quite illegible. She drew the last one out of its envelope with reverent care, and laid it down side by Bide with the forged letter to Winifred. Paper for paper, they answered exactly, in size, and shape, and glaze, and quality. Hugh had often shown her bow admirably he could imitate any particular handwriting. The suspicion was profound, but she would give! him at least the full benefit of all possible j doubt?. She held it np to the light and examined the water mark. Both were identical, an unusual paper; bought at a fantastic stationer's in Brighton. It was driving daggers into her own heart, but she would go right through with it; she must know the troth. She gave a great gasp, and then took three other letters singly from the packet Horror and dismay were awaken ing within her the inBtincts and ideas of an { experienced detective. They were the three! previous letters she had last received .from j Hugh in regular order. A stain caused by a j drop of milk or grease, as often happens, ran j right through the entire quire. It was biggest j on the front page of the earliest letter, and; smallest and dimmest on its back fly-leaf. It went on decreasing gradually by proportionate gradations through the other three She, looked at the letter to Winifred with tearless eyes. It corresponded exactly in every; respect for it had been the fifth and middle . sheet of the original series. Elsie laid them j all down on the sofa by her side with an ex-| hansted air, and turned to Edie. Her face was flushed and feverish at last She said nothing, but leaned back wearily oh her pillow. She knew, to a certainty now it was ] Hugh who bad done this nameless thing- ? Hugh who had done it, believing her^ hiBj lover, to be drowned and dead-Hugh who had done it at the very moment when, as be himself supposed, her lifeless body was tossing and dancing among the mad breakers that roared, and shivered with anholy joy, over the hoarse sandbanks of the bar at Whitestrand. It was past belief, bat it -ww Hugh who had done it , She could have forgiven him almost any thing else save that; bnt that, never, ten thousand times sever. She could have for given him even biBvCold and cruel speech that last night by the river near the poplar. . . . " 1 nave never'been engaged to you. I owe yon nothing. And now I mean to marry Winifred." < Sbeconld have forgiven him all in *tbe depth «f her despair. . . . She could have loved his even-*9 profound is the power of first love in a true pure woman's inmost nature-if only ane could have believed he had melted and re pented in sackcloth and ashes for his sin and her Borrow. If he had lost his life in trying to save her. If he had roused the county to search for her body. Nay, even if had merely gone home, remorseful and self reproaching, and had proclaimed the truth and his own shame in an agony of regret and pity and bereavement. ... For her own sake she was glad, indeed, he had not done all this ; or at least ehe would perhaps^ have been glad if she had had the heart to think of herself at all at such .a moment lint for him-for him-she was ashamed and horrified and stricken dumb to learn it. For instead of all this, what nameless and unspeakable thing liadliugbMassinger really done? -Gone home to the inn, at tlie very moment when she lay there senseless, the prey of the waves that tossed her about like a plaything on their cruel crests-gone home j to the inn, and without one thought of her -one effort to rescue her (for how j could she think otherwise?), full only j of vile and craven fears for his own safety, sat down at his desk and deliberately forged in alien handwriting that embodied lie, that visible and tangible documentary meanness that she saw staring her in the face from the paper before her! It was ghastly, it was incredible, it \va9 past con ception, but it was. nevertheless, the simple fact As 6he floated insensible down that hideous current, for the sea and the river to fightover her blanched corpse, themanshe bad loved, the man who had so long pretended to love her, had been quietly engaged in his own room in forging her name to a false and j horrible and misleading letter which might cover her with shame in the; unknown grave to which his own cruelty and wickedness and callousness bad seemingly consigned her! No wonder the tears Btood back unwillingly from her burn- j ing eyeballs. For grief and horror and misery like hers no relief can be foand in mere hysterical weeping. And who had done this heartless, this das tardly, this impossible thing! Hugh Mas singer-her cousin Hugh-the man she had set on such a pinnacle of goodness and praise and affection, the man she bad wor shipped with her whole full heart, the man she had accepted as the very incarnation of all that was truest, and noblest, and best, and most beautiful in banian nature, Her idol was dethroned from its shrine now ; and in , the empty niche from which it had cast itself prone she had nothing to Bet up instead for worship. There was not, and there never had been, a Hugh. The universe swam like a frightful blank around her. The sun had darken editself at once in her sky. The solid ground seemed to fail beneath her feet, and i she felt herself suspended alone above an awful abyse-a seething, and tossing, and eddying abyss of titter chaos. Edie Keif held her hand still, while the sweety aehtlfe," motherly old lady, with the1 snow-white hur ahS the tender eyes, put a cold p&lm; up" against her burning brow to help herloMa? it But Elsie was hardly aware of jfittifer pf them now. Her head swam wildly round and round, in a horrible which the Hugh that wur not and Ui&t; Bfevfcr had been formed the cen tral pivot and main revolving point, while the Hugh that was just revealine himself utterly in his inmost blackness, and vilenessj and nothingness whirled round and round that fixed centre in -a mad career, she knew not how and she asked not wherefore. " Cry, cry, darling, do try to cry," both the other women urged upon her with sobs and tears, bnt Elsie's eyeballs were bard and tear less, and berieatt .stood ,^ill^very moment within her With tftfB£e6kabl6 awe, and h'ofror, and incrednlity. Presently she stretched out a vague band towards Edie. "Give me the telegram, dear," she said in a cold hard voice, as cold and bard as Hugh Uassingcr's own on that fearful evening. Edie handed it to her without a single word. She looked at it mechanically, her lips set tight; then she asked in the same cold metallic tone as before," " Do you know any. thing of 27 Hoimbury-place, Duke-street, St James's V "Warren says the club porter of the Cheyne-row lives there," Edie answered softly. Eisie fell back npon her pillows once more "Edie," she cried, "oh Edie, Edie, hold me tight or I shall aink and die. If only hejhad been cruel and nothing more I wouldn't have minded it; indeed, I wouldn't, but that he should be so cowardly, so mean, so unworthy of himself-it kills me, it kills me-I couldn't have believed it." " Kiss her, mother," Edie whispered low. " Kiss her and ilny her head, BO, upon your dear old shoulder < She's going to cry now ! 1 know she's going to cry ! Pat her cheek; yes, so. If only she can cry, she can let her heart oat and it won't quite kill her." At the words Elsie found the blessed relief of tears. They rose to her eyes in a torrent flood. She cried and cried as if her heart would burst But it eased her somehow. The two other women cried in sympathy, holding her hands, and encouraging her to let out her pent-up emotions to the very full by that natural outlet. They cried together silently for many minutes. Then Elsie pressed their two hands with a convulsive grasp; and they knew she would live, and that the shock had not entirely killed out the woman within her. An hour later, when Edie, with eyes very red and swollen, went out once more into the little front parlour to fetch some needlework, Wanen Self intercepted her with eager ques tioning. "How is she now ?" he asked with an anxious face. " Is she very ill"? And how did Bbe take it" " She's crying her eyes out, thank heaven," Edie answered fervently. And its broken her heart It's almost killed her. But not quite. She's crashed and lacerated like a wounded creature." "But what will she do?" Warren asked, with a wistful look. "Do? Just what I said. Nothing at all. Annihilate and efface herself. She'll accept the position, leavingjtbings exactly where that wretched being has managed to put them; and so far asbe'sconcerned she'll drop alto gether ont of existence." "How?" "She'll go With mamma and me to San Remo." "And theMeyseys?" "She'll leave thetn to form their own con clusions. Henceforth she prefers to be simply nobody." 