DICK DOWNER'S DISENCHANT MENT. Dick Downer was inclined to make a | fool of himself about his pretty cousin, Mrs. Maybtossom. Notwithstanding that ehB had heartlessly jilted him, his devotion to her seemed rather to increase than to diminish. He conld not, of course, ignore the tact tnat sue nan treated him most scandalously ; but his mild resentment faded away to a vanishing- point when it became apparent that his cousin's marriage was likely to prove an nnhappy one. Captain Msyblosson seemed a good fellow enongh in bis way; but however good a fellow a man may be, if he is absolutely devoid of income ana expectations, he is not a demraoie helpmate. No doubt, when she eloped with him, Ada Maybtossom had counted a poo being able to to win back the in dulgent affection, of her adopted parent, Diets father ; but, great as ber influence had been over the old man, she soon found that he was vindictively implac able. Not only was this so, but old Job Downer was furious with his son for what he considered his want of spirit and proper pride in defendiog his cousin after her treatment of him. Old Downer was nnnr fitw) nf dannnnrincv fiig niflM in terms which pour Dick could not sit by and listen to without .indignant remonstrance, whereby he not only irritated hfe father, bnt innocently helped to dissipate the remotest chance of effect ing a reconciliation between the two. In spite of his father's protestation, Dick was a frequent visitor at the trim little villa in which his fair cousin and her pauper husband resided. Bring a simple-minded individual, he might hsVB gone there fifty times without ever sus pecting that Black Care was perched astride tile gable. The house - was daintily, even expensively, furnished ; the living was excellent, .for tha Captain was particular about his food, and had the reputation of being one of the best judges of claret in London ; while the domestic affairs generally were well or dered, and showed no signs of painful parsimony. Dick, however, was soon initiated by bis cousin into the secret of impending tenable, and sympathetically shared with her the diamal apprehensions which it involved. To most people — who, by the way, had a pretty shrewd snspicum of the extent of the Captain's income — little Mrs. Maybloesom seemed entirely impervious to the worry of pecuniary embarrassments. She was always well-dressed, cheerful, animated and fascinating. But to Dick, in their confidential tZte-a-tetes, she confessed that her. affected indifference was but a mask to conceal from the world the anguish which tortured her. She contrived to make Dick acutely sensible of the misery of a life of debt and false appearances, supplemented by worse than uncertainty regarding the future. Pretty Mis. Mayblossom had. enemies, of coarse, and these did not hesitate to insinuate that she deliberately worked upon her cousin's feelings for the sake of getting money out of him. It would have been nearer the troth, perhaps, had tnsy suggested tnat airs. Uayotossoms motive was to touch indirectly, turoogh Dick; the adamantine heart of . her wealthy ancle. At the earns time it must be owned that abe did get money ont of Dick; and took it with a very faint show of scrapie. Dick wonld willingly have parted with the last farthing he possesed in the world to spare a moment's uneasiness ; bnt, unfortunately, the as sistance he could render was of a merely temporary nature. Though nominally a partner in his father's business, his in come was but that of a poorly-paid clerk, and the old man, knowing his son's simple habits, and no donbt suspecting the destination of his pocket-money, turned a deaf ear to all suggestions of a ' rise.' For ids own part, old Downer refused emphatically to contribute a tingle farthing to the support of his err ing niece and her husband, and mani fested eo unforgiving a spirit that after a time Dick abandoned, as absolutely hopeless, the ungrateful task of appealing to him. Meanwhile, naturally, things went from bad to worse in the Mayblossom mfinage ; creditors became clamorous, friends grew lukewarm and chary ; and the procuring of thecommonestnec esse ries of life involvedJngsnious but humiliat ing sobterfnges and manmaverz. To complicate matters, there- appeared on the towering horizon of the future an ominous rinfnifarrlnnd which, when it burst, would, as Dick feared, completely submerge his poor cousin in her sea of troubles. Dirk had noticed of late that Captain Mayblossom was very seldom at -home ; . he gathered incidentally that the Captain disappeared from time to time, rather mvstarieurir; and that his man- ner was changed towards his devoted wife. She, poor woman, made no com plaint oh the subject ; but the down cast look, the half -suppressed sigh, the ill- concealed uneasiness when she referred to her husband's absences told the old sad story of neglect and faithlessness plainer than words conld speak. Dick was less startled, therefore, than he otherwisa.might have been at receiving from his consul, one/day, a few blotted, incoherent lines, urging him to come to her at ones, as e terrible grief had be fallen her. Without a. moment's delay he hastened to her side, and learnt that whet be had foreseen had happened, and d»»t bin cousin's frnafivTid had deserted her. As he gazed' sorrowfully upon her, seeking in vain for words in which to convey, however, feebly, his heartfelt sympathy and devotion, Dick conld not help bring forcibly struck by the peculiar villainy of the man who had thus wronged her. Foorlittls Mrs. May blossom was attired in a bewitching tea- gown, of souls soft, creamy-white material, decked with Jace and bright-coloured ribbons, and. fitting admirably to her gracefui'forin. ' Her abundant tresses -of aubam hair fell in wild disorder about luk" fair nhek and' "riUnddera her bine eyBS, . moist with teara, loomed. hxgp anil bright IDce ztara through an CTwriiigmisandherwhola attitude be- tokaudifts moat pathatic gricf and das- nrir.' glMckferas Wrizedwith anwccHiwwfr J Batons indignation fit "hjemyingex --1 ample .of, CaptainMayblossotn's infamy, agL/rn raboqptiyW inseeat wish , matter, Diekf drimIiii<»iiy-l«fr3ngpquicHy.r ' Tim mellie 1 Thai that geonndrdi'- my husband,' sighed Mrs. Msybfoarom, gently. Yea, but l Weil, I will see him at all events,' eaid Dick, endeavouring to control himself. ' He cannot realise the wrong he has done. Besides, he cannot mean ' No, Dick,' interposed bis cousin, speaking in a low tone, bnt with clear ness and derision. Do not go to him. I forbid it. After this,' rite added, hold ing up the croel letter her husband had written to her, 'be is dead to me. Hie creature he prefers to me. But there, Dick, let us not speak of him I Only promise, upon your word of honour, in case you shoald ever' meet him, not to ley a finger upon him — for uy sake !' tUa Jaeasns In ka aknf ' n iml ml Dick, between hie clenched teeth. Hie greatest kindness you can 'do to me and to my child is to avoid anything that may lead to scandal. Will yon promise; Dick, not toseekmyhnsbaodr eaid Mrs. Mayblossom, appealingly. 'Of coarse; if you insist,' said Dick, unable, as usual, to resist her pleading glance. 'But — but, what is to be done !' For me and my darling little one, you maaal Ob! If it were only X aione — -if it were only I alone! ex- dairiKw) ATrm \TavhlrriRnm ontii suimtuwii, of despair. 'There is the child, aa you say,' , arid Dick; gravely, rendered uneasy by his cousin's o urinous exclamation. For ha sake, not jta mention your own, we mnst think about the future. In the fiat place, do you intend to j apply for a divorce r 'For my child's Baka,oo !' said MraMsj- bloaaom, quietly, but emphatically. ' 'I have fully decided that, Dick.' Somehow this decision grated upon Dick's nerves; but he waa too honestly concerned about his cousin at the mo ment to spare a thought about himself. ' How do you propose to live V he next asked. What will dear ancle say, when he hears P demanded little Mm Maybloesom abruptly. She looked at Dick so eagerly, as she asked the question,. that.it went to his heart to crush the dawning hope which her glance expressed. Bat, knowing his father as well as he did, Dick felt constrained to answer falontly that even her present distress would not purchase the old man's forgiveness. Poor little me I I feared it would be so, murmured the unlucky girl, applyiag her handxerchief to her eyes. ' However,' she added, briskly, ' I must not give way, but remember my child-. I have made up my mind what to do, Dick, five years ago, when poor dear papa died, I left some friends behind me in Australia, when I came over to live with uncle Job. Some of these will, perhaps, put me in the way of earning my own living, if I return among them.' 'What! leave Eoglaud,. Ada!' cried Dick, with a thrill of dismay. ' Yes, Dick ; it will be better for many reasons,' said Mrs. Mayblbsaom, glancing for a moment at Dick's pained expression, and then firing her gaze ab stractedly upon the point of her dainty little red morocco shoe, which neened from beneath ber dregs. < Besides,' ehe added, after rather an awkward panse, ' I have no particular reason to feel at tached to the old country.' You will leave one behind yon, Ada, who ,' began Dick, with flaming cheeks. ' You are" always good, and kind, and noble; and generous,' interposed Mrs. Mayblossom, hastily ; ' end I never, no, never I Dick; shall, forget all your good ness. But my mind is made op, Dick — quite made up ; and the only question is, how I am to get the money to carry out my plane.' 'Money,' murmured Dick, somewhat sobered, by the introduction of Ibis prosaic topic. 'Of coarse. I cannot go without money. There will be the passage to pay and an outfit for me and pet ; and; of course, I Bhould be unhappy if I went without paying myperaonal debts,.and I should require to have something in my nnran orhnrt T'Iaiw) avap tfiom ohnnMn't L Dick 1' said the practical little lady, with great animation. 'I suppose eo,' said Dick, rather faintly. I have no-doubt I could raise what you would require.' 'My dear, noble Dick,' exclaimed Mrs. Mayblossom, feelingly, 'Bat yon. couldn't — you couldn't, indeed! You have no idea what a sum would be needed.' And, . immediately, little Mza May blossom began to check ofl upon her Blender fingers, a number of items which soon reached a very substantial total. Dick waa considerably staggered at the amount, and ruefully confessed that it waa far beyond his modest means. The conversation luereupou una au extremely prosaic and practical turn, which ren ders unnecessary a detailed report of it. Dick; who could never withstand Ins fiur coutin'e humours, was earily led to abandon the sentimental aspect of the situation, and to discuss with her, soberly enough, the important question of ways and means The result of the 'interview was thatyhavine pledged him self to obtain the requisite fends to equip his cousin and her child for the contem plated voyage, Dick found himself forced to the unpleasant necessity of demanding a cheque from his &thsr.; Hie old man' was furious when he learn't toe object iff Iris son's request, anil there ensued a scene which, but for Dick's -filial forbearance, might have ended in complete estrangement. But on tire following morning, to his son's surprise, old Downer showed signs of. relenting, and at length he said, rather sulkily : — 'You and X musu't quarrel any more about that woman, Dick. Site isn't worth it Fro written to Gcegge, my lawyer, and told him to ship her off to Australia at my sxpsnw.' 'My dear, father !' cried Dick, im mensely relieved and acetified. You ought to EbbI grateful, Dick, Cor Era ffoing it entirely upon your account, and not hut ofBympathyfor ter, growled the old man. ? She deeervea her fete for her heartieee conduct to -yoo had ma. DaButcd by her husband, she would be rmrredaqgwanBthaTr evarover here, and J woolfl zBimh sooner sbe were on the oiheraide afihe globe.' - have taken an active part In assisting his eioflfetomake the necessary arrange ments for. her departure; but, to his great chagrin, Mrs. Mayblossom said with fineness : — 'No, Dick; it must not be. In the miserable position of a deserted wife I cannot be too circumspect in my conduct.. Berid.es, as my dear, good uncle is going to pay all tins money for me, I most not offend, him by occupying bis son's time.' But; Ada I Will you not think of ma a little F cried Dick, quite plaintively. ' I am thinking of your good, Dick,' said Mrs. Mayblossom, more seriously than she was wont to speak. ' You muBt try and forget me, Dick.' ' Forget you, Ad I I never can, ne ver 1 HTv luttpf Will on anfli mn AMP thti UAt 1 »J 5" JWW W" Cried poor Dick. 'No, Dick, ft will not,' said the little lady, -fixing her blue eyes upon him for an instant, with a strange look of deter mination. Then she added, lightly, ' You. shall come and eee me off, Dick. I want you to come. But until then it asset be an rerotr.' She made him a little curtesy, and then, with a sudden impulse, seized hie hand and kissed it Before poor Dick ooold realise what he was about, he bad fallen on his knees at her feet, giving passionate utterance to his frantic adora tion. His. cousin looked considerably startled for a moment, and then, releas ing herself gently bat with firmness from his grasp; quietly lariated upon his promising not to eee her again until' the day of her departure. Dick, feeliug con siderably abashed by Mrs. Mayblossnm's dignified demeanour, gave the required undertaking, guiltily conscious that the episode precluded him from questioning ! the decree of banishment. Dick kept his word, as in hononr bound, but the feet of having avowed to his consin the passion which con sumed him caused him to formulate hopes which, up to that time, he had not seriously conceived. Now that Ada MayhLosaom's husband had deserted her, might he not legitimately aspire to posse8eher! On the other side of the globe; in a new country, might she not be disposed to requite his life-long de votion T He woald follow her to Aus tralia, to the uttermost ends of the earth, on receiving a word, a look, the slightest sign of encouragement ! These wild though tsand ideas naturally caused Dick to anticipate with feverish im patience and anxiety their next meet ing, with which he doggedly declined to associate .in'his mind the sad word Farewell." When the momentous day arrived Dick found his cousin awaiting him at the head of the gangway on board the good ship Sallaarat. She was as pale as himself, but infinitely less agitated, and, after a fe w words of greeting; she conducted him to her cabin, where they could converse undisturbed. ' Ihave a confession to make to you, Dick,' rite arid, facing him with com posure. X have already made mine, Ada,' began Dick, unsteadily. ' Iiisten to what X have to say first, Dick,' said his cousin, before he could proceed. ' You believe that X am about to proceed to Australia — alone.' As she spoke, Mrs. Mayblossom, half involuntarily, perhaps, laid ber hand lightly upon, a pile of luggage which encumbered the bunk beside which she was standing, and Dick recognised, with a start; a man's hat-boxand a gun-case. ' Is tide your, cabin P he inquired, turning pale. ' Yes, it is mine,' she answered ' And those things P he interrogated, quite sternly, with a glance at the com- promising itema. I told you X was not going alone, Dick,' said his cousin, blushing some- . what ; ' these things belong to my hus band' ' To Mayblossom !' cried Dick. ' Is he going with you f ' Yea. He is in the saloon outside. Do you wish to see him 7 inquired his consin, a little sharply. ' Axe you, then, reconciled. Have you forgiven him 7 said poor Dick. ' There is nothing to forgive,' re turned his consin, lifting her handsome head, and looking at Dick a little scorn-, felly. ' He was ever the truest and best of husbands. Yon never liked him, and were ready to believe the worst' ' But— bat the letter which you showed me,' cried Dick reddening. 'He wrote it by -my dictation. It was my own composition,' said Mrs. Mayblcpsom in a bard voice. 'Then yonr — your grief, your dis tress, your agitation ' murmured Dick. ' Were all assumed,' said Mrs. May blossom, mercilessly, ' My husband ' liMunl Avpnr word throne) the folding- doors.' ' It was a trick, then — a plot !' ex claimed poor Dick, bitterly wounded. ' Yea, Dick, it wax X was desperate, and the only means I could devise of raising the necessary money to enable us to emigrate to Australia was by pre tending to be in a position which ex cited yonr keenest sympathy. Thanks to yon— for I am still gratefn', Dick — the money is forthcoming,' said bis cousin, unflinchingly. 'I scorn your gratitude, Ada,' cried poor Dick with sudden fury, ' Is this your return for all my devotion 7 he added, in a trembling voice. ' X would have died for you, Ada, and now yon are not asbamrai to confess that you have . made me a contemptible dupe.' ' X wanted to convince yon, Dick, that T tun heartless and cruel — when I do not 16 ve,' said his cousin, speaking in .measured accents, but as pale as a ghost. ' In justice to my husband and to myBelf, and for the sake of yonr own future happiness, X have made this con fession to you.' You might have spared me, Ada,' was ail Dick could say, as he opened the cabin door with &: trembling hand. I should have liked to, Dick, tor it tw been an. unpleasant task. But I had others to consider, besides myself ;. and, after all, I have been paid for what Ihave done.' 'Faid'fer ifcY gasped Dick. ' Yes, ahd well paid. See, here! And, with tittle hyBtericsl laugh, Mrs. Mayhlatooia drErw dip of paper from flie fonm tiW drees, arid held' it be fore Dick's eyes It was a cheque, aignedhyhia father, .for £500- .. " . \--'.The same evening Dick. Downer rimgjftqw'fefterview- with bufatherin tirittuandmaid,i3mo«fcAen-f; . Father, are you aware that May blossom never deserted his wife at all, and -that the whole affair waa a miserable conspiracy to get money f You don't say eo 1' cried the old man, opening his eyes in genuine as- tonidunent. ' That appears to be the case,' replied Dick, rather taken aback by his father's evident bnus jides, ' but whataboot that cheque for £500 which bore your sig nature 7' -She haggled a good deal, Dick, with my lawyer about the ' money she re quired,' said the old man, looking at his rim. curiously ; 'and, failing to get as mnch as she wanted, she came to me and offered for £500, to — to convince von of the follv of vonr infatuation.' ' She has done so, father, very effect ually,' said Dick. 'Then I don't grudge the money,' returned the old man, as his shrewd eyes -twinkled. - -jtfriittk 