VI.-Alone at Christmas. CBÏ " OÀBTBOBA.") So another Christmas dieth; and in restful evening hush, Time, tho mighty changer, finds me in a lone Australian ??j : hush. . Around me is the wealth of Bummer; and below mo, at my feet, :? . - ' ' Idea tho many-peopl'd city, veil'd in a mist of heat. Thought, forgetful of the present, me upon ita current ?". beare . ? . ,.:v ; Backward to the Land of Shadows, o'er the gulf of many yeara.' 31"any mom'ries stir within me ; many thoughts their heads uproiso ; And tho bush around ia peopl'd wrth the ghosts of-other days... . Youth waa glad; hut age is lonely: I, with many year« opprest How shall I And Christmas blessing, though they call the season blest; Though the city there bolow me, with its many-throated voice, . .? . ?. -, ., .. Chanting solemn hallelujahs, calls me also to rejoice P Then, from out the hazy valley gracious peal of bolls upstole Gently brooking through the BhadowB thal had OIOBO enwrapt my BOUI, , As a sunbeam through the gloom of forests pierceth for itself a way: And the bolla, like spirit voices to my spirit seem to say "From tho general rejoicing wilt thou, then, thy voice restrain, Fast ImpriBon'd in the cirole of an individual pain? Break, oh egotist, the bondage that thy spirit hath en wound; Sot thy heart ana pulses beating in a freer fuller bound. Bethink thee ; not alone thou livest; in the flock thou ort ono sheep, One link in a mighty chain, one drop of water in the deep. Therefore cast thy sorrow from thee, though thy load of, pain be great j In the general stream of gladness cast thou down its leaden .weight. 1 . - . '' And if this-great truth I whisper bo too hardly understood, If thou can st not grasp ita meaning of a mighty brothor ? hood, " ? ?. v " Stil], take comfort ; for the mossage Xmas down the ages brings Holds for thee its consolation, cornea with healing in ita , Wings. . ,, , ? . ;v ? ; Though the oomrodes of thy manhood o'er tho borderland ; have trod, Yet, where sight must fail, have faith that they aro one step nearer God ; : . . ?- . Though, with many winters oro'wn'd, thou ort near the gates ? ' of Death, ? . '. -i . ":v ... ?;? ? t :vi ??? Yet, behove that, having-pass'd them, thou shalt breathe . with fuller breath. This the message Xmas bringa thee, throwing light about thy way; . ;. ,-. ? ? ' ? ? ? . Thevefore^unk thee to thy fellows., Therefore be thou glad os they p ?' ' ' . ' Join thee to;tho number of thy brethren who rejoice,: ' ' To the value of their praises add thou too thy grateful ? ? voice." . Í , » 