'/.Thi eory"of the'old;:gentlemain at Ben ambra, who drove in from the country, with t his wife in the draystopped in front ofsthe a store an#tooK1 the 'pofuntrug fro'n overlis 1 wife's I j put: it over thle nag that hauled t the cart, and went to do some,aehopping, V leaving his Wiiffiin the dray i'vith noth .ing ovr-er'her, 'shows the meanness :of some moen. 'Probably itiatold fellow thought that, i 'if the horse caught cold and 'died,, it would [ cost hinmtwenty.:pounds to replace it, while if his wife took her death of cold he could .f .get-another'without'dt6"utiig afarthling, and 1 maybe get one that was younger, and better C looking, and who could do more work. There, are wives all over this country'. who are` neglected by their husbands, while their i live stock receive the best of care. And yet jif A?Aeighbor,wererto- brain sa ch a man with' a maul arid wedges, there would be plenty f of gossips who would say the .neighbor did, * wrong. , , " . ' , - I look down.from my window, Where softly to and fro Wave.the slim,gold-hearted daisies, With fingers white as snow. They nodt to the creamy clover : \- Thi~t's blowing 'all about,. And they look lile"iittie 'pi-w.heels, S .Foithe fire fliestare out..-'7 , ' I watch'lin the quiedriooDligh i ,. 'And,fancy'my yisvsongreets, ' .. . . Lying among, those, daisies,' .' The airy ghost of(Keats. I fancy I see him lying,- , , SFeasting his joyous eyes . . h!:,'Upon those mieadofwTairies, . : ; As tho6gh in Paradi:e. ' In the morning I se' the spirit S., Of Keats; -and it alas I : : .g I .naughtiin.the world, dear reader,' Biit a night-gown on the glats,..: SEdimund- Szezepankiewickz and ;Fanny Kuzinsk were being martd'the o?her. day, ,and during ithe ceremony ,their 'names got? mixed. A panic ensued and one man'was killed, while seventeen others.were niora or lessoverly iure. ,Finally order was re eioredi th',ambulanrce removed the dead and wounded, a fresh'Vminister was'found,' and' the ceremony proceeded. :i. . Young.man,.youhad better.not try-to flirt with ?&pair; of hazel eyes. It, is .a waste ,of time and da3igetro s." Theyare ,less auscep tible than: the blue, and once deceived do not pineaway in grief, but rally for revenge, and tfake it out..in scornr. .If yodi tackle them, you had .better go in .to:win. or. leave the country. And .while we think of it,' we'li make another remark! Whei you woo and win andwed, you' h&ad; b'etteikeepi6n wooing rand "winning; afterwartsa, or. prepare for painful' consequences. It takes ,a, power of iloie tdodo then. , S,. t is stated that;a Belgianiniiager, struck ihth e, difficulty good fathers' aid' mAhers experience .in. choosing. .harmless : perform-i ances for their children,,has hit upona nrovel way of informing tfe public of the character" of thep. pieces played at: his i theatre."' He prints his bills in" different colors, indicat ing the nature of his theatrical warels., For Oxamplel,.a'red bill signifies that the play is pernicious'; a~ white bill that it is moral; and a blue one that it'is half and half': .Thid man's a wonder'of theage, ' ' S. Who warthus ,bldly wages - In Truth's behalf, and shows tiheStage Can still advance by stages I In' brinini'g such'?a method out. He proves himself o diillard ; Though his descriptiods must, no doubt, .. Be very, "highlycolored I "... .The white bill shows.the.play is good, : And'to all vice a strauger; SThe Scarlet'poster (as it should) -' .Distinctly poifits toid.?iger; The blue-a' soft cerulean lure STells all who are suspicious The play is not supremely pure, Yet not entirely vicious. The plan seems wise ; hut ere we praise The virtues in it luiking . Let's think; uponl the 'various ways In which it may be working. :1 ; " WP'dispeak at length, but space forbids : Our doing more than showing ,, . This sketch of pa andinma and "kids .' • Intent oni theatre- going. S"PATEI (loq.) : The opera's wfi'testo-night, ando, As .they've not been, to view one, " We'll send the children there, and go Ourselves to see a blue one., ; : The piece is'red neit'wtek, I hear, And, .asit's rather shady, i'll 'visit' that alone;'my dear I could not take i"lady It Some one suggests a new steel gun that will catch .an enemy.' It :is proposed ;to have it arrangod like a' .weighing machine, and wlien the entmy comes up to 'the gun .he Iwill. see. a sign as. follows : " Drop .a pensiy in the slot and see the gun go off." No cnemy, could resist the temptation to piit in a copper, any more than a man can resist the tempatation to 'find. out how much: he weighs. A draper's assistnt,4living in Richmond, ,at,' something which did not agree with himl the other .night, and, after going/rto .sleep begaii to dream. Among other things, he dreamt that. he,;Waswaiting updn; a'lady customner, and for want of something better, ,began to tear yard'after-yard of' strips off' the sh'ets' : It',is :not known. whether at the end he said; " Fifteen and six, please, C-a-s-h I'' but the landlady probably' got ,that the"iiext day. - ' ..; ,. Near-sighted artist.:.. "'B'Jdveitheie's-a. glorious subject; just wait till I sketch it .a beautiful amber arid gold isunslet,'with 'a whi'te cloud 'moving slowly to the right. If *I couldiget'that on canvas 'asi it:'isould be, it' would be worth a fortune." Farmerhi's boy: '.' What yer?'talkin' about ? That's my red .haded sister settin' over there on a rock, aiid the cloud'is the old White horse a-eatiri' grass." '; 