MISCELLANEOUS. LONDON, August 2. One of the pillars in the cathedral at Seville collapsed to-day, and serious damage was caused. Sir F. Dillon Bell, Agent-General for New Zealand, is now at Freiberg, in Germany, for the purpose of inquiring into the methods of treatment of refractory ores. After leaving Freiberg he will vißit the Hartz Mountains to inspect the Apt railway system. A meeting between Queen Viotoria and tho Emperor William of Germany has been ar ranged to take place at Baden on the 13th September. The race for the Goodwood Cup was run to day, with the foUowing result :— Ratio •• .. 1 Osric .. 2 Timothy •• 3 Speaking in tho House of Lords to-day, Lord Knutsford, Secretary of State for tho Colonies, said hopes were entertained that tbe insurgent Zulu chief Dinizulu would surrender. He further stated that the rebels were dis persing. London, August 3. News has been reoeived from Washington that the United Statea authoritiea have given orders to stop the seizure of British sealing vessels in Behring's Straits. Owing to the spread of anarchism the Austrian Government' have deoidod that in fifteen districts of the Empire anarchists shall be deprived of the privUege of trial by jury for ono year. M. Goblet, French Minister for Foreign Affairs, has admitted the claims of Italy to Massowah, but censures the publication of the despatch from Signor Crispi, the Italian Premier, in whioh the .latter accuses Franco of attempting to prevent Italian activity in Africa. The position of Surrey as the premier cricket ing county in England has been assured, Surrey having won all of the nine matches played this aeason. The race for the Goodwood Stakes was run to-day with the foUowing result:— A. Taylor's b.b. Stourhead 1 A. C. Barclay's b. or br.c. Clan Chattau .. 2 Duke of Beaufort's br.f. Fealty 3 A clerk named Grant has been sentenced to five years' imprisonment for forging Mr. Barsmith'a name to two letters of credit for £200. The Rev. Mr. Hunter, of Stornoway, has cabled to Mrs. Jessie Campbell Brown, who offered to assist 1000 crofters and their families in the island of Lewis to emigrate to Now South Wales, that ho cannot entertain the scheme until details have been received. Dr. Moore, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, will return to his diocese in October. It has been arranged to establish a branch of the order of Sisters of Nazareth and of the Fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost at Ballarat. Mr. Edward Dunoanson has been appointed a director of the Peninsular and Oriental Com pany. London, August 4. Freights to Sydney and Melbourne have advanced sb. per ton. The Italian Government have informed the variouß European Powers that the Italian flag has been hoisted at ZuUa, in Annesloy Bay, on the west coast of the Red Sea, and a short distance south of Massowah. It has been officially denied that her Majesty the Queen wiU visit Baden, where it was stated she would meet the Emperor of Germany on the 13th September. The Citizen, a London newspaper, publishes a paragraph stating that Lord Car^baetoa bar intimated a desire to resign the Governorship of New South Wales before the end of the year. It is announced that Germany has assumed the protection of Pleasant Island, one of the >far*aiftil Group, in the North Pacific. At a meeting of persons interested in several of the Etheridgo mines which have been floated in England, it was decided to amal gamate. Mr. H. C. Raikea, Postmaster-General, replying to the protest of Sir Graham Berry, Agent-General for Viotoria, states that the Imperial Government caunot alter their decision with regard to the day of departure of the English mails from Adelaide, and he hopes that the Agents-General wiU induce the various colonial Governments to accept the situation. The Law Committee of tho House of Commons has cancelled the clause in tho Liability of Trustees Bill whioh empowered the investment of trust funds in colonial stocks under certain conditions. A report of the proceedings of the Pan- Anglican Conference, at Lambeth, has been published, from which it appeara that tho con ference resolved not to recognise divorce except on the ground of adultery, and to refuse ro marriago to a person divorced on any other grounds ; also, that a person remarrying under suoh conditions would be regarded as a poly gamiat. The question of conferring the title of archbishop on colonial primates has been re ported favourably upon, but not yet decided. London, August 6. The series of naval manoeuvres commenced some time ago by the British fleet are still being continued, the scene of operations at present being the west coast of Scotland. The port of Oban was blockaded by a portion of the fleet, but the Borew cruiser Calypso, 16 guns, one of the vessels of the attacking squadron, succeeded in eluding the blockaders and cap tured the place. The gunboat Spider also bombarded Greenock and Campbelltown, and claims to havo destroyed the shipping in those ports. Dr. Stubbs, Bishop of Chester, has been translated to the See of Oxford. The Nord Deutsche Zeitnng deolares that the document recently published by the Nouvelle Revue in Paris, purporting to be a secret report by Prince Bismarck against the marriage of Prince Alexander of Battonberg and the Princess Victoria of Germany, is a forgery. It is rumoured that Dr. Barry, Bishop of Sydney and Primate of Australia, wiU succeed Dr. Stubbs as Bishop of Chester. The death is announced of General Philip Henry Sheridan, Commander of the United States Army, aged 67 years. [Philip Henry Sheridan, General in command of the United States army, was born at Somerset, Ohio, on 6th March, 1811. He graduated at the military academy at West Point in 1853, and served on frontier duty in Texas for nearly two years and in Oregon from 1855 to 1861. He acted as Quartenn:utxT iv the western and south western districts after the outbreak of tho civil war and was subsequently placed in command of the 1 Ith Diyisiou of tho army of Ohio. He com manded a division iv the army of the Cumber land, and at the battlo of Stono River in December, 18G2, aaved the array from rout by his stubborn resistance. For his gallaut conduct he was promoted to be Major-Uoneral of Volunteer* and fed the cavalry in several actions iv which the army of the Potomac took pnrt. For services with the army of tbe Shenandoah and in command of tho Middle Military Division he was created Brigndior-Geueral, and a few mouths afterwards Msijor-Gcneral. Ho fought the battles which led to Loo's evacuation of Rich mond and Petersburg, and he, by his attacks on tho unny of Northern Virginia, compelled their surrender. He held other posts of importance uutil March, 1809, when by the promotion of Sherman he became Lieutenant-General aud assumed command of the Western and South western Military Divisions, with his headquai tors at Chicago. On the retirement of General Sherman iv February, 1881, General Sheridau succeeded to tho command of the army, with headquarters at Washington.] London, August 7. Senator Blair has introduced a resolution in the United States Senate to the effect that negotiations be opened with the Government of Great Britain with a view to the political union of Canada with the United States. Tho Local Government (England) Bill has passed through committee in the House of Lords. In the House of Commons to-day, Sir James FergusBon, Under Secretary for Foreign Affairs, in reply to a question, stated that there was no hope that the Frenoh authorities would permit the Rev. Mr. Jones, the English mis sionary, to return to tbe Island of Mare, whence he was recently expelled. At the same time Sir James Fergusson said that nothing had been proved affeoting Mr. Jones's character, and he bolioved that the latter had conducted a Christian and meritorious work in the Loyalty Group. Replying to a question by Dr. Tanner in the House of Commons to-day, Baron Henry De Worms, Under Secretary for the Colonies, stated that the Colonial Office had received a protest from Victoria against pauper immigra tion to that colony. The naval manoeuvres by the British fleet are being continued on the coast of Scotland. The blockade of the various ports has now been raised, and the cruisers forming part of Admiral Tryon'e attacking squadron are harry ing the merchant shipping. In the House of Commons to-day Sir George Campbell, member for Kirkaldy, gave notice that he would ask the Government on Thurs day whether Sir Henry Parkes, Premier of New South Wales, had admitted that he was acting illegally in preventing Chinese landing at Sydney, or had stated that he was determined to exclude the Chinese in spite of the Imperial Government; also, whether Lord Carrington assented to the bill granting an indemnity to the Government for their action, and whether such biU was in accordance with existing treaties between Great Britain and China. London, August S. The All- England team against whom the Australians will commence a match at Ken nington Oval next Monday wUI consist of the foUowing players:—W. G. Grace, Shuter, Walter Read, Lohmann, Peel, Briggß, Abol, Barnes, Wood, Ulyett, Briggs, and Gunn (reserve). The British naval manoeuvres are still being oontinned, and Captain Fitzroy is vigorously bombarding the ports of Scotland. There has been an extensive Btrike of weavers at Amiens, in France, and continuous rioting is taking place. The men on strike are attack ing the factories, one of whioh has been sacked and burnt. A severe conflict took place be tween the gendarmes and the rioters, the former charging the mob with drawn swords, and eventually dispersing them. A heavy poU-tax has been imposed upon Chinese by the Spanish authorities in the Philippine Islands. 