(The 5'tonttcUw. THE MYSTERY OF THE MILL-HOUSE. A STORY OF OLD DUBLIN. By James Murphy. Author of “ Hugh Roach, the Ribbnnrnan “The Forefo of Clohogue;” “ Tlie House in the Rath,” &c.;, &c.; ( Young Ireland.) CiTAFTER XIII. I ho servants stood around as desired. For a moment the former apprentice stood irresolute. It seemed, indeed, as if his strength and energy were about to forsake him. “Go on. You had something to say,” said his lordship, glancing at him keenly. “ My lord, it is twelve months this night since I was in this country last.” He paused. “ Go on,” said his lordship. “I left this neighbourhood with a brand on me. I am here now to take it off—here now to remove it. This is how it was !” lie passed his hand over 11 is brow, as if to collect his scattered thoughts, or as if to arrange in proper sequence what he had to say. “ Go on,” said his lordship again, with a quick motion of his head to the servants to watch him closely. In the distracted manner of the fugitive, standing alone, liis lordship was prepared to ex poet another desperate deed, as one standing in the shadow of the gallows, ami grown callous, might do to gratify some secret grudge. It could add nothing to his punishment, whilst it might satiate some malignant passion of revenge, lie might attempt to kill himself—mayhap to gratify some spite against the miller. “ This i' how it was,” he repeated. “ I was alone in the mill. Alone. A man comes to me, sits down and talks—waiting for the miller. Hr tells me a story, which surprises me: That Hugh Glifford will not marry Kata — is only humbugging her. Has no in tention of m"crying her, but only to do her fair name harm, Thai lie told him so that m,ghl, on hi ; way to the house. I asked him to come >n and fell his story to Mr. M'Carthv, hut lie wouldn't come. He was waiting for him, ho said, to come out. It was not a story to leli to any one’s ears but his own. That was true enough and I agreed to it. Yes, I iigne d to it.” “ Who w ;,s this man ?” asked the nobleman coldly ,d (ho, incoherent and rambling state ment— tli,. pom- subterfuges of a guilty man. It his lordship were eonvineod of his guilt before he was doubly convinced now. “ Who was this man ? I don’t know. I never saw him before. I did since — hut I'll tell that again. There comes shortly after a man 1 (mow well. I had not seen him for some lime—for some years—hut 1 knew him Hie minute 1 sot eyes on him. lie had the same si my to (oil. I don’t know whv they selootod mo to tell it to, hut they did. "Maybe they thought I would quarrel with Hugh about it—if so they were nearly right, for” “ You did “ Walt a my stow if right before toget her win n 1 fi< mill. I lifted tlie water o(l, hut it v that.”' moment, my lord. I must toll mv own was- if 1 want to bring mill was remum he you. 1 inn s!ni( as si. . M They went, away came for closing the e that night, to lot tlio u! down again and the. r. MTlarthy I'll engage. much Lrave ; who sat liki ■■o was an eohoroneo in all that, i glance of inquiry at 1 a ghost with staring indistinct motion of i his parted lips that gave dement as forcibly as if he Kvidently he remembered it Hut his lords] the miil '“yes Thor aequi-soi'iioc assent to (; io had said j-j. clearly. “ When Ik there. r>cr have so. n tl dark. Hut s. did it and why did thev do it? presently. and I went out there was no one if (here had berm we could not cm, tin1 night was so snowy and nr1 one must have done it. Who I’ll tell you I was not in good humour that night. How could I. when I heard that story, and saw Hugh ('lilford sitting beside my master’s daughter, with a smiling face, hut a heart, as T thought, full of villany? I was angry and sullen and sulky. Why wouldn’t I ? “ When he left to go home I went with him. I wanted to see whether what I heard was the truth. I wanted to tax him with what I had heard. We had not gone far enough to talk of it, only half way along the mill-race to the canal, and even if we had it’s little the talking there could be with the snow beating in our faces, blinding our eyes, and choking our mouths. “We had merely light enough to look around us. But I had light enough to see where two men came meeting us. They passed us a little. They were the same two that were at the mill. Before I had time to look around after them, I found myself caught from behind. And at the same moment (there was light enough to see that) I siw the other man strike Hugh Clifford with an iron bar. I think it must have been an iron bar, for the one blow felled him without speaking. Another blow whilst he lay on the ground knocked the life—if there was any in him—out of him outright. Who was the man that struck these blows with that iron bar?—struck him from behind as he stood, struck him as he lay face downward in the snow? Who?—Hector Hatchell !” A thrill of sensation passed through the body of servants, as with open eyes centred on the speaker they watched his every word. Even a shudder of extreme surprise—if not of terror—passed through his lordship’s frame. The miller made a movement as if to rise to protest against this atrocious libel, but his legs and voice equally failed him. “ Why did not T try to save him ? I could not ; I was too firmly clasped from behind. It was over in a moment—over while you could clap your hand twice ! “ Where did I go then, you will ask. I’ll tell you. I was firmly bound and gagged and dragged along the falling snow. They'’ would not drown me in the mill-race, they said, as that would point suspicion elsewhere. I was tied on a car, struggle as I might ; something was thrust down my throat to drug me ; and the next, thing 1 found was that I was pressed and on board a man-of-war.” The accused paused for want of breath, and perhaps because bis energy was falling bill). There was something about either his maimer of face, or his manner of telling the story, which somehow did not seem as if the latter was a made-up one. “ Thai’s a very extraordinary story,” said his lordship slowly. “ Shut the door, and let no one go out without my orders. How are we” —turning to the apprentice—“ to verify one word of this singular story ? Anyone stand ing in the position you are in would tell something of the same kind to save himself and shift the guilt to other shoulders.” “ Wait a moment, my lord ; I have not linishcd yet. I continued on hoard that ship foi months. 1 told the story to many a one. Who’d mind a pressed man what he told ? I tozens told the same story, or worse, to try and get brought ashore. They’d tell any thing t" try and escape. Wiiy not ? So nobody believed me. We were off the, coast of Spain. News seldom came from England. The Admiralty were not likely to semi news of a murder committed in It itlmiines, when maybe dozens were committed every month throughout, the kingdom. They had some thing else to think of.” lie wiped his now perspiring face, which had changed from a Hushed colour to perfect white. Everyone held his breath in the face of this extraordinary and unexpected revela tion. As the speaker proceeded, it was to he seen that his lordship grew more and more spell-hound under its influence. Without once taking his eyes off his face, he listened imd intilessly. “ The, vessel was ordered on a cruise to the West Indies for three years. Could 1 go there, with that knowledge in my breast, not knowing what was happening at the mill house-—not knowing what construction was put upon my absence? ] should die of raging madness, if I did, before a, month was passed. I stole away one dark night and put out to sea. I was picked up, and landed at Cadiz.” “(iasperro!” cried the miller, as if in con vulsion. “ Av,” cried the apprentice, “ that was the name I took, ft was the name of a {Spanish sailor on hoard our vessel, and I adopted it. it came the readiest to me when I was in Spain.” “ Who was t]ie first person almost I met in that strange city ? The unknown man who came to the mill that Christman Eve. I came plump on him. J nearly lost m37 senses with surprise. I seized on him at once to give him in charge. He knew me imme diately. He drew his knife to strike me. I was unarmed ; but I warded off the blow, and, seizing the knife, buried it in his breast. “ I was tried for it. Who knew me? No one. Who believed my story ? iNo one. I was sentenced for life to the galleys. I escaped. I was seized again. Again I escaped. What more Kate herself can tell. And here I am !” The high-wrought excitement that had carried him through failed him now. He grew unsteady, swayed about, reeled, and, before the servants could catch him, fell heavily on the carpeted floor. Some of the servants rushed to the door to get some stimulants, whilst others ran to raise him up. “ Stand back all ! Let no one leave the room,” said his lordship. “Lift him and place him sitting on the sofa.” Then proceeding to a garde vin that stood under the sideboard in the drawing- room he took from it a decanter and poured out a glass of brandy. “This will strengthen him,” he said, as he poured a few drops of the reviving liquor between his lips. It did, indeed, do him good, for presently his weakness passed away, and he was able to sit upright. At a sign from his lordship the servants resumed their former places, and his lordship took his place with his hack to the fire. After a moment’s pause, whilst they were awaiting his recovery, Lord Mountpleasant said : “ Are you better? Are you able to hear me?—to understand me? “ Yes, I am better now.” “ Your story is a strange one,—an incompre hensible one. Yet—I think—it deserves sifting. Have you—is there any way in which we can test the truth of what you have said ? ” “ There is, my lord.” “ Tn what way ?” asked his lordship quickly. “ This letter,” producing one from his pocket, “ is from the captain of the man of war, to which I was brought on board when pressed.” “How did you get this?” asked his lord ship, taking the letter and holding it un opened in his hand. “You have not said anything about this before.” “No, I did not—but” “The vessel has gone on a three years’ cruise to the Indies, 1 think you said.” “The order was countermanded, my lord, and the ship was stationed, without my knowing it, off Cadiz. When I escaped the second time from the convict prison, which I did by descending the prison wall into the sea — for the prison wall overhung the sea—-it was the sailors of that vessel found me, and it was there I was brought. The letter is from the captain.” “ Why, this is an old friend of mine,” said Lord Mountpleasant, glancing first at the signature—•“ Captain Sir Reginald Beau chain p.” “ Read it.” His lordship proceeded to read it silently in deep thought. “ Read it aloud, my lord.” “ Very well,” said his lordship with great gravity. “ If this he true we are on the eve of an astounding discovery. The letter runs thus : — “ ‘ My Lord—This is to certify that the bearer, Sylvester Kinsellagh, served as an impressed sailor on hoard this vessel. He joined Christmas Eve last year. He deserted, was in prison, and rejoined. The story of his escape is so curious, and the reason therefor so strange, that I shall beg your lordship to carefully investigate his story. He has shown himself on board 1: young fellow of high truth and of great personal bravery. I myself place implicit reliance on his strange statement. “ IlKitlXAl.li 1 )HAt:i 'll am e, R.N.” ’ There was another movement of sensation in the group of servants as this letter was read. It was in a great measure proof con firmative of what he had been saying. They looked at one another and at his lordship’s face, who was sunk in deep and ptrplexed reflection. All felt, that there was a nail being putin someone’s coffin—that there was a shroud weaving for someone—and all thoughts pointed in the one direction. “ There were some things to which you said you should refer again,” said Lord Mount pleasant, and his voice had a curious kindness in it as compared with his earlier tones. “ What were they ?” “ [ told you of the mill being set going after I had stopped it for the night. Why was it. done ? For this reason I believe : in the hope that Hugh Clifford, being inside, would also come out to see what was amiss. A slight push in the darkness and in the, slippery snow would have drowned him in the rushing race.” Another nail in the coffin of someone— another strand in the weaving shroud ! “ This a very singular business,” said his lordship. “ ft has been said ‘ Murder will out,’ but this is very unexpected—very. You can”—motioning to the servants—“go into the next room, which you cannot leave, and i where you can hold no communication with anyone until Mr. M'Cartby and myself talk this mat ter over. And”- \ A knock came to the drawingroom-door, ft was repeated oner—t vice. Lord Mount pleasant interrupted his statement to go and open it himself, so anxious was he that no communication should take place between the hearers of this wonderful tale and the rest of the household. Instinctively he was im pressed with the sense that the, uttermost secreev was essential to the unravelment of this singn I nr business. “ What do you want ?” he asked somewhat: sharply of the party outside. “ A person wants to see you,” said the ser vant. “ What does he want ?” “ To see you.” “ I am engaged, tell him." “He says lie has an engagement to see yourself and Mr. MTIarthy about this lmur.” “ An engagement ! Who is he?” “ Hector Hatehell, your lordship!” 11 is lordship drew hack a pace in dazed amazmm nt. “Tell him 1 shall see him in ten minutes,” said he. “ Ned," said he to the miller in a whisper, “rouse ymirself- don’t look so dazed ! Can you give me your attention? Hid you make an appointment with Hector Hatehell here this evening ?” Then> was no answer, and his lordship, looking more narrowly nt him, was astonished to see tin' vacant eye, (In' hanging jaw, and the open men! h. “lb- is too surprised to answer now,” he Ihought. “ I must arrange it all myself.” “Stay Imtc with me, Ceoige," lie said to the bill hi, a. strong, powerful man notwith standing bis years, “and keep that pistol con cealed in veiir hand. Let the others remain as 1 said in this room. When I loueh this bell, veil"---met inning to tin- apprentice “suddenly appear at liiedonr. I shall judge for myself then.” 'Flu v all lilod into the niom, llin licensed apprentice among them, all but the billin'and the miller (he latter sitting in a state of vaeir mi -; emiia in I lie arm chair. “ Yes, .Miry," Lord Mount pleasant said to the servant outside, “ send him up. I shall see him imu .” 