THE LAUREL BUSH. AN OLD-FASHIONED LOVE STORY. By the Aothor of 'John Halifax. Gentleman.' Part.— II. fCONTINnRI--\ ' I beg your pardon,' he said almost humbly. ' I ought not to have spoken of this at all. I ought just to have said ' Good-bve,J and nothing more.' And hetcok her hand. There was on it one ring, not very valuable, but she always liked to wear it. as it had belongsi to her mother. Robert Roy drew it off, and put it deliberately into his pocket. ' Give me this ; you shall have it back again when I am dead, or you are married, whichever happens first. Do you understand ?' Putting David aside (indeed he seemed for the first time to forget the boy's presence), he took her by the two hands and looked down into her face. Apparently he read something there, something there which startled him, almost shocked him. ' God forgive me ! ' he muttered, and stood irresolute. Irresolution, alas ? too late ; for just then all the three Dalziel boys rushed into the house and the schoolroom, followed by their grand mother. The old lady looked & good deal sur prised, perhaps a little displeased, from one to the other. Mr. Roy perceived it and recovered himself in an instant, letting go Fortune's hands and placing himself in front of her, between her and Mrs. Dilziel. Long afterwards she rememl-ered that trivial act — remembered it with the tender gratitude of the protected towards the protector, if nothiug more. *' V -it ?*:-?. I cum-, as I told you I should, if :o~».ii:.\ ts --i;l \Iis- William* guod-byf, and wee Davie. They both kindly admitted me, and we have had half-an-hour's merry chat, have we not, Davie ? Now, ray man, good b\e.' He took up the little fellow and kissed him, then extended his hand. 'Good-bye, Miss Williams. I hope your little pupils will value you as you deserve.' Then, with a courteous and formal farewell to the old lady, and a most uproarious one from the boys, he went to the door, but turned round, saying to the eldest boy, distinctly and clearly — though she was at the faither end of the room, she heard, and was sure be meant her to hear, every word, — ' By-the-bye, Archy, there was something I was about to explain to Miss Williams. Tell her I will write it. She is quite sure to have a letter from me to-morrow, no, on Tuesday morning.' And so he went away, bravely and cheerily, the boysaccompanying to the gate, and shouting and waving their hats to him as he crossed the Links, until their grandmother reprovingly sug gested that it was Sunday. ' But Mr. Roy does not go off to India every Sunday. Hurrah ! I wish we were all going too. Three cheers for Mr. Roy.' ' Mr. Roy is a very fine fellow, and I hope he will do well,' said Mrs. Dalziel, touched by their enthusiasm : also by some old memories, (or, like many St. Andrews folk, she was strongly' linked with India, and bad sent off ope half of her numerous family to live and die there. There was something like a tear in her old eyes, though not for the young tutor ; but it effectually kept her from either looking at or thinking of the governess. And she forgot them both immediately. They were merely the tutor and the governtss. As for the boys, they chattered vehemently all tea-time about Mr. Roy, and their envy of the 'jolly' life be was going to ; then their minds turned to their own affairs, and there was silence. The kind of sflencs, most of us know it, when any one belonging to a household, or very familiar there, goes away, on a long, indefinite absence. At first, there is little consciousness of absence at all ; we are so constantly expecting the door to be opened, for the customary presence, that we scarcely even miss the known voice, or face, or band. By-and-by, however, we do miss it, and there comes a general, loud, shallow lamentation, which soon cures itself, and implies an easy and comfortable forgetfulness before long. Except with some, or {possibly one, who is, most likely, the one who has never been heard to utter a word of regret, or seen to shed a single tear. Miss Williams, now left sole mistress in the school-room, gave her lessons as usual there, that Monday morning, and walked with all the four boys on the links all afternoon. It was a very bright day, as beautiful as Sunday lad been, and they communicated to her the nteresting facts, leant at golfing that nwnum, hat Mr. Roy and his portmanteau had been seen at Leuchars, on the way to Bruntisland, and that he would likely have a good crossing, as the sea was very calm. There had lately been some equinoctial gales, which had in terested the boys amazingly, and they calculated with ingenious pertinacity, whether such gales were likely to occur again when Mr. Roy was in the Bay of Biscay, and ii his ship were wrecked, what he would be supposed to do. They were quite sure he would conduct him self with great heriosm, perhaps escape on a angle plank, or a raft made hy his own hands, and they consulted Miss Williams, who of course was a peripatetic cyclopaedia of all scholastic information, as to which port in trance or Spain he was likely to be drifted to, supposing this exciting event did happen. She answered their questions with her usual ready kindliness. She felt like a person in a dream, yet a not unhappy dream, for she still heard the voice — still felt the clasp of the strong, tender, sustaining hands. And to morrow would be Tuesday. Tuesday was a wet morning. The bright days were done. Soon after dawn, Fortune had woke up and watched the sun rise, till a chill fog crept over the sea and blotted it out ; then gradual! blotted out the land also, the Link-;, the town, everything. A regular St. Andrews ' haar ;' and St. Andrews people know what that is. Miss Williams had seen it once or twice l-efore, but never so bad as this ; hlighrnt*, penetrating and so dense that you could hardly see your band before you. But Fortune scarcely felt it. She said to herself, ' To-day is Tuesday,' which meant nothing to any one else, everything to her. For she knew the absolute faithfulness, the careful accuracy, in great things and small, with which she had to do. If Robert Roy said ' I will write on such a day,' he was as sure to write as that the day would dawn. That is, so far as his own will went : and will, not circumstance, is the strongest agent in this world. Therefore, she waited quietly for the post man's horn. It sounded at last. 'I'll go,' cried Archy. 'Just look at the haar ! I shall have to grope my way to the gate.' He came back, after what'seemed an almost endless time, rubbing his head, and declaring he had nearly blinded himself by running right into the laurel bush. i cuuiuu i sec lur me iug. i uuiy nope I've left none of the letters behind. No, no, all right. Such a lot ! It's the Indian mail. There's for you, and you boys.' He dealt out with a merry cateless hand. There was no letter for Miss Williams. A circumstance so usual that nobody noticed it, or her, as she sat silent in her earner, while the children read noisily and gaily the letters from their far-away parents. Her letter — what had befallen it ? Had he forgotten to write? But Robert Roy never forgot anything. Nor did be delay anything, that he could possibly do at the time he pro mised. He was one of the very few people in this world who in small things as in great are absolutely reliable. It seemed so impossible to believe he had not written, when he said be would, that as a last hope, she stole out with a plaid over he head and crept through the side walks of the garden, almost groping her way through the fog, and like Archy, stumbling over the low boughs of the laurel bush to the letter box it held. Her trembling hands felt in every corner, but no letter was there. She went wearily back ; weary at heart, but patient still. A love like hers, self existent and sufficent to herself, is very patient, quite unlike the other and more common form of passion ; not love, but a diseased craving to be loved, which create a thousand miseries and wrongs. Sharp was her pain, poor girl ; but she was not angry, and after her first stab of disappointment her course rose. All was well with him, he had been seen cheerily starting for Edinburgh ; and her own temporary suffer ing was a comparatively small thing. It could not last ; the letter would come to- morrow. But it did not, nor the next, nor the next. On the fourth day, her heart felt like to break. I think, of all pangs not mortal, few are worse than this small silent agony of waiting for the post ; letting all the the day's hope climax on a single minute, which passes by, and the hope with it, and then comes another day of dumb enduranee, if not despair. This, even with ordinary letters, upon which anything of moment depends. With others, such as this letter of Robert Roy's — let us not speak of it. Some may imagine, others may have known, a similar suspense. They will understand why, long years afterwards, Fortune Williams was heard to say, with a quiver of the lip that could have told its bitter tale, ' No, when I have a letter to write, I never put off writing it for a single day.'' As these days wore on, these cruel days, never remembered without a shiver of pain, and of wonder that she could have lived through them at all, the whole fabric of reasons, arguments, excuses, that she had built up, tried so eagerly to build up, for him and herself, gradually crumbled away. Had she altogether misapprehended the purport of his promised letter ? Was it just some ordinary note, about her boys and their studies perhapp, which after all he had not thought it worth while to wnte ? Yet surely it was worth while, if only to send a kindly and corteous farewell to a friend, after so close an intimacy and in face of so indefinite a separation. A friend? Only a friesd? Words may deceive, eyes seldom can. And there bad been love in his eyes. Not mere liking, but actual love. She had seen it, felt it, with that almost unerring instinct that women have, whether they return the love or not. In the latter case, they seldom doubt it ; in the former, they often do. 'Could I have been mistaken?' She thought, with a burning pang of shame. ' Oh, why did he not speak, just one word ? After that, I could have borne anything.' But he had not spoken, he had not written. He had let himself drop out of her life as completely as a falling star drops out of the sky, a ship sinks down in mid-ocean, or — any other poetical smile, used under such circumstances by romantic people. Fortune Williams was not romantic ; at least, what romance was in her lady deep down, and came out in act rather in word. She neither wept nor raved, nor cultivated any external signs of a breaking heart. A little paler she grew, a little quieter, but nobody observed this : indeed, it came to be one of her deepest causes of thankfulness, that there was nobody to observe anything — that she had no living soul belonging to her, neither father, mother, brother, nor sister, to pity her or to blame him ; since to think him either blameable, or blamed, would have been the sharpest torture she could have known. She was saved that, and some few other things, by being only a governess — instead of one of Fate's cherished darlings, nestled in a family home. She bad no time to grieve, ex cept in the dead of night, when ' the rain was on the roof.' It so happened that, after the haar, there set in a season of continuous; sullen, depressing rain. But at night-time, and for the ten minutes between post-hour and lesson hour — which she generally passed in her own room — if her mother, who died when she was ten years old, could have seen her, she would have said, ' My poor child !' Rober Roy had once involuntarily called her so, when by accident one of her rough boys hurt her hand, and he himself bound it up, with the indescribable tenderness which the strong only know how to show, or feel. Well she remembered this ; indesd, almost every thing be had said or done came back upon her now — vividly, as we recall the words and looks of the dead — mingled with such a hungering pain, such a cruel ' miss' of him, daily and toarly, bis companionship, help, counsel. everything she had lacked all her life, and never found but with turn and from him. And he was gone, had broken bis promise, had left her with out a single farewell word. That he bad cared for her in some sort of way, she was certain ; for he was one of those who never say a word too large — nay, he usually said much less than he felt. What ever he had felt for her — whether friendship, affection, love — must have been true. There was in his nature intense reserve, but no false ness, no insincerity, not an atom of pretence of any kind. If he did love her, why not tell her so ? What was there to hinder him ? Nothing, ex cept that strange notion of the ' dishonour ableness' of asking a woman's love, wnen one has nothing but love to give her in return. This, even, he aad seemed at the last to have set aside, as; t could not go away without speaking. Andy at he did it. Perhaps he thought she did not care for him ? He had once said, a man ought to feel quite sure of a woman before he asked her. Also, that he should never ask twice ; since, il she did not knew her own mind then, she never would know it, and such a woman was the wotst possible bargain a men coald make in marriage. Not know her owr. mind ! Alas, poor soul, Fortune knew it only too well. In that dread ful fortnight it was ' borne in upon her,' as oious people say, that though she felt kindly to all human beings, the one human being who was necessary to her — without whom her life might be busy indeed, and useful, but never perfect, an endurance instead of a joy — was this young man, as solitary as herself, as poor, as hard-working ; good, gentle, brave Robert Roy. Ob, why had they not come together, heart to heart— just they two, so alone in the world — and ever after belonged to one another, helping, comforting, and strengthening one another, even though it had been years and years before they were mairied. ' If only he had loved me, and told me so 1' was her bitter cry. ' I could have waited for him all my life long, earned my bread ever so hardly, and quite alone, if only I might have had a right to him, and been his comfort, as be was mine. But now, now — ' Yet still she waited, looking forward daily to that dreadful post-hour ; and when it hau gone by, nerving herself to endure until to morrow. At last hope, slowing dying, was killed outright. One day at tea- time the boys turned out, with bappy carelessness, their short lired re grets from him being quite over, the news that Mr. Roy had sailed. *' Not foi Calcutta, but Shanghai, a much longer voyage. He can't be heard of for a year at least, and it will be many years before be comes back. I wonder if he will come back rich. They say he will : quite a nabob per haps, and take a place in thelHigblands, and invite us all— you too. Miss Williams. I once asked him, and be said, 'Of course.' Stop, you are pouring ray tea over into the saucer.' This was the only error she made, but went on filling the cup? with a steady hand, smiling and speaking mechanically, as people can some times. When tea was quite over, she slipped away into her room, and was missing for a long time. So, all was over. No more waiting for that vague 'something to happen.' Nothing could happen now. He was far away across the seas, and she must just go back to her old monotonous life, as if it had ever been any different — as it she bad never seen bis face, nor heard his voice, never known the blessing of bis companionship, friendship, love, what ever it was, or whatever he had meant it to be. No, he could not have loved her ; or to have gone away would have be been — she did not realise whether right or wrong — but simply im possible. Once, wearying herself with helpless con jectures, a thought, sudden and sharp as steel, went through her heart. He was nearly thirty ; few lives are thus long without some sort of love in them. Perhaps he was already bound to some other woman, and finding himself drifting into too pleasant intimacy with herself, wished to drawback in time. Such things bad happened, sometimes almost blamlessely, though most miserably to ail parlies. But with him it was not likely to happen. He was too clear-sighted, strong, and honest He would never ' drift' into anything. What he did would be done with a calm deliberate will, incapable of the slightest deception, either, towards others of himself. Besides, be had at different times told her the whole story of his life, and there was no love in it ; only work, hard work, poverty, courage, and endurance, like her own. 'No, he could never have deceived me, neither me nor any one else,' she often said to herself, almost joyfully, though the tears were running down. ' Whatever it was, it was not that. I am glad — glad. I had far rather believe he never loved me, than that he had been false to another woman for my sake. And I believe in him still-; I shall always believe in him. He is perfectly good, perfectly true. And so, it does not much matter about me.' I am afraid those young ladies who like plenty of lovers, who expect to be adored, and are vexed when they are not adored, and most nobly indignant when forsaken, will think very meanly of my poor Fortune Williams. They may console themselves by thinkihg she was not a young lady at all — only a woman Such women are not too common, but they exist occasionally. And they bear their cross and dree their weird ; but their lot, at any rate, only concerns themselves, and has one advan tage, that it in no way injures the happiness of other people. Humble as she was, she had her pride. If she wept, it was out of sight. If she wished herself dead, and a bappy ghost, that by any means she might get near him, know where she was and what he was doing, these dreams came, only when *»er work was done, her hoys asleep. The day never betrayed the secrets of the night. She set to work every morning at her daily business with a dogged persistence, never allowing herself a minute's idleness whereic to sit down and mourn. And when, despite her will, she could not quite conquer the fits of nervous irritability that cameoverherat times — when the children's innocent voices used to pierce her like needles, a* their incessant questions and perpetual company were almost more than she could bear — still, even then, all she did was to run away and hide herself for a little, coming back with a pleasant face and a smooth temper. Why should she scold them, poor lambs ? They were all she bad to love, or that loved her. One day, however — the day before they all left St. Andrews for England, the two elder to go to school, and the younger ones to return with her to their maternal grandmother to London — David said something which wounded her, vexed her, made her almost thankful to be going away. She was standing by the laurel bush, which somehow had for her a strange fascina tion, and her hand was on the letter box which the boys and Mr. Roy had made. There was a childish pleasure in touching it, or anything he had touched. 'I hope grandmamma won't take away that box,' saia Archy. ' She ought to keep it in memory of us and of Mr. Roy. How cleverly he made it ! Wasn't he clever, now, Miss Williams?' ' Yes,' she answered, and no more. ' I've got a better letter-box than yours,' said tittle Davie mysteriously. ' Shalt I show it to you, Miss Williams ? And perhaps.' with a knowing look — the mischievoub lad ! and yet he was more loving and lovable than all the rest, Mr. Roy's favourite, and hers—' perhaps rou might even find a letter in it. Cook-says she has seen you many a time watching for a letter from your sweetheart. Who is he ?' ' I have none. Tell cook she should not talk such nonsense to little boys,' said the governess gravely. -But she felt hot from head to foot, and turning, walked slowly iudoors. She did not go near the laurel bnsh again. After that, she was almost glad to get away, among strange people and strange places, where Robert Roy's name had never been heard. The familiar places — hallowed as no other spot in this world could ever be—passed out of sight, and in another week her six week her six months' happy life at St. Andrews had vanished, ' like a dream when one awaketh.' Had she awaked ? Or was her daily outside life to be henceforward the dream, and this die reality? (TO BE CONTINUED.) 