Haunted by an Initial, j I whs christened Paul Grover, The pat ronymic wns an inheritance from reputable ancestors, the prenomen a concession to my paternal grandsire, who, oscillating between profanity and piety, hnd swung to the latter extreme at the date of my nativity, and in sisted on naming me after the great apostle. I hnve never felt any disposition to quarrel with my venerable prog; nitor on account of his action. Pnul is a gmd enough name, and I am more than fatistied with it when I consider what he might have called me had I been born when the pendulum was at the other extreme. But my mother, like all solicitous women, dreaded to think of her first-born starting ont in life ia light marching order, so she handicapped me with a superfluous name. And cf all camcs in the world, what do you suppose it was 1 Ivanhoe. Paul Ivanhoe drover I Is it necessary to state that she was of a sentimental cast, or that Sir IValter’d heroes were the objects of her adoration 1 I have no disposition to quarrclwith her, cither j she might have named me OshaiiVTstonc. During infancy, whiio I bnsked in the blav.e of motherhood, Paul was a suppressed title. The chimes ot maternal fondness rang out in maternal changes from “ivy” ic “ Vanny," and from “ Vanny " to “Hocy,’ though at times I was treated to a Byntaetii symphony of those diminutives, ns— “ '131 'er kiss ’epooty too Of mammy's fvy-Vanny-hoe." But when the cruel years had done their work, and the fond arms unclasped them solves from the hoy, no longer her baby, to let him go forth in the majesty of a jacket and bools to his first encounter with the world, my mother grew covetous or distrust ful of tho pet name. With all the solemnity, if not the ceremoninls, with which the an cients conferred arms upon their stripling sons, she confided to mo that my real uame was Paul. So as Paul I entered the lists, But the toneB of maternal endearment had echoed beyond the nursery. My playmates were aware of my intercalary name. They re sented the attempt to foist Paul upon them ns an imposition ; they declined to accept lvanhce, ns a whole or in its subdivisions; but with the fell malignity of youth, they scanned my full title—Paul Ivanhoe Grover -—and discovering the initials to be suscep tiblo of that construction, they nicknamed me 11 Pig." If tho roll ot lapsed experiences is ever ended over again, the ghost of one wretched boyhood will ho heard answering to the nnme of Pig Grover. The temporary indignity pa-secl away, but tho servility still adhered to me; until man hood I reverently wrote my mime 11 Paul I. Grover.” Then an awakening came. Why, I thought, should I burJeu myself longer with this miserable initial 1 It was given to mo fortuitously, and has brought me nothing but humiliation nud tears. My mother, be holding my chirldish mirery, repoffed in sackcloth that she ever bestowed it up do me ; no ceremony snnetified it, no record legalised lt- -I,"’’11 cast it away frrever. Henceforth I nil be only, and will subscribe myself, simply, Paul Grover. And so I wrote it; but most of my cor respondents ignored tile elimination, and continued to addrecs me as Paul I. Ciro ytr; There is nothing so annoying us to be bullied in a cherished purpose. 1 had set my heart upon eradicating the redundant ap pellation from my life, hut it rose before me constantly like a vengeful,appurition. The sight of tie obstinate initial at length so ex asperated me that I prepnred an enei eiical letter in which 1 informed all whom it might concern tLat ray tame wus Paul Grover, and nothing else ; that there was no baptismal warrant for thrusting upon me any other titio, and h ast of ufi the personal pronoun 1 (by which I was stigmatised with gratuitous —minr.imit.y), as I never hnd any mid lie name of which it tvas indicative, and was perscra’ly so destitute of egotism ns to render it ab surdly inapplicable to me, My manifesto had the dis’red (fleet. It laid the ghost as effectually us the customary ) o!y riles could have done. I triurap! aitjy subscribed my self. laul Grover; no sign of the murdered initial came back to me from any direction. Glancing carelessly through the columns men™—D1De rnper, the following advertise P,“If Paul I. Grover will communicate with a" o altorneys-at-law, advantage!"4' ° 1,ear °f lo ^ There was no doubt in my mind that I wns the person designated; hut there was a doubt as to wl at was advisable to he done Alter having ceremoniously abjured oil" de spiscd initial, should I confess it before the world, simply because it held out to me a promise of advantage? It would be a re car atton so base l felt I never could stoop to it. But, Oil the other band, had I a right to revolt against tho eternal law of compell ed! fi ? !rWE-s Justly entit!«i to repn-wiim for tie Buffering the dotestcj initial had iSmnbC' r"d ml0 flt ,ast mi;;ht be full Cou,<l *> m duty to mysilf, reject the proffered atonement for the take of a S-Mca? With characteristic in hlu»ion ’ \r,Mr Ve° day? “cminK to a con c u.ion. Mr. Jordan was j st bowing a gen tlernan out win n I entered the office! Grovnr0. Pra?ier!to-morrow, Mr. Grover , call at two,” he said. whV !”fi I1,0 uddressed iho and wondered wny he should thus plunge hcalloig iuto 1 ha(S oven introduced my f!’™1’ locking up at his bland face, i saw blnniw spt-aklDE t0 the other individual. The latfnv Ilamca callBt! me to examine tho h! ,L! h Ti°me mtc,rcst us he passed out of a I!e y about thirty-five, gaunt and randy. I did not like his looks. Hew, sir, I am at your service" said Mr. Jordan, confronting me. Pou advertised for Paul I. Grover to call at your r flice; that is ray name,” I replied. Mr. Jordan gnvo a little Btart, which wns aupf{cfl.1r1';o that it might have been a lurger start if there had not been a ratchet in him Borne where jl i--< a proper poise. lie made an inarticulate ex clamation—a qualified snort — passed his hand aimlessly over his smooth chin, looked at me Bcrutinisingly, seated himself, and con tinued to gaze at me steadfastly, “This is extraordinary—nu.stextraordin ary,” ho said, at length; “the gcntleraau who just went out is Paul J. Grover, u’oo,” “ Is it possible 7” “ It is a fact. He came three days ago, proved his identity, and the business if already far advanced toward settlement.” “ May I inquire the nature of the busi •* Certainly ; there iB no secrecy about it, A client of ours, who has lived the greater part of his life in the West Indies, is recentIj deceased. He leaves the bulk of bisistati to nn only daughter; but ho has also be qu cat bed fifty thousand dollars to Paul I Grover, of New York, in order to place bin in such a position of independence that In can marry the daughter without auyimputa tion of mercenary motives, though the be quc&t; is unconditional, and in no wise de pendent upon uivd marriage.’’ “ Might I pretumc to inquire the name oJ your late client V' “Yes, sir; Thonciu Vaekliforu. “ The name is very familiar to me ; he was a revered friend of my mother. In fact— without designing Id obtiudo my confide net upon you—I believe an enj agemr.nt existed between them oA tin time, but from some inhchfaiicc it was bn ken 111. ’ Jilr. Jojthn gave another slarl, but the ratchet caught before Tibet au:e notieeubly inanif st, He stroked his chin thoughtfully, rose and paced the room, pausing at different si and point a to gaze into vacancy, as if on* den voting to obtain a parallax by which to measure the dimensions of some remote con tingency. “I foresee serious complications in this matter,” he finally said, " There is nothing in the will to distinguish the rightful legatee beyond the words ‘ Paul T. Grover, of New York.* The other Mr. Grover has established an indubitable claim to that title ; I doubt not but you are able to do the same ; then will come the battle of the names. The out look. is a promising one from a professional standpoint. Yon had beat secure counsel immediately, Mr, Grover.” “ Is Miss Wackleford still in the West Indies ? * k /'No; she is stopping at present with a distant relative in the city.” *' Will you oblige me with her address ? I feel it a duty to call on her, entirely apart i from the matter of the will.” 1 lie gave me the address, and I bide him goedday, As I turned to go, he said— “ It might be well enough, Mr. Grover, to let me know where a line would reach you, in the event vre should wish to comrauuicate with you.” I handed 1 im my card. He glanced at it and rr ade a feint, but the ratchet caught be fore it developed into a full start, “I observe that your rarae upon this card rends simply Paul Grover,” ho remarked, rather cryly, “ Yes, I ordinarily put it that way fori brevity’s sake ; but my full name is Paul J. Grover—or, I should say, rather, Paul I van hoe Grover,” “ Doubtless, doubtless,” ho responded ; “ but it is inconvenient, to say the least, to have your card misprinted when you desire to prove your identity.” The tradition of the pro-historic engage* I raent between our parents was known to Miss Wackleford as well as to myself, I called upon her in due course. By Jove !—if it be permissible for an or thodox man to take even a pagan rath—by Jove I Fhe was a magnificent creature I tall, lithe, animate—her features a field of snow swept athwart by swaths of night, and her eyes blazing with a brilliance they must have caught from the sun at the equator. She never stopped to look or thick if the almighty and indispensable 1 was on my card or not. She knew me by intuition ; and the >. whirlwind in her nature, that levelled every thing c!eq before it, swept the inheritance, < and our love at first sight, uud the final union, j pi cne great, revolving, indistinguishable < mass, onward to a happy conclusion! i I sought an opportunity, when I had • measurably disengaged myself from the lovi ly cyclone, to remark— i " J apprehend some diilicnlty in establish- ; ing my rights; another claimant has fore stalled me.” £ I was watching her intently, to sec if my J words aroused any doubt on her part. Doubt? There went a flash out of her eyes ' which would have consumed any object it 1 had encountered like the blast from n com- 1 pound blow-pi pc, “ Who has dared to thrust himself between I us?” she exclaimed, ‘1 know nothing more,” I answered, i “ than that I called at your lawyers, Jordan, c Setchel and Howe, yesterday, and was in- j formed that uu individual calling himself i Paul I. Grover had proved his identity, and £ that the settlement of the bequest was alrealy in an advanced state.” ( “The impostor! he must be dial t with t summarily.” { “ Unfortunately, 1 have placed myself in y a lather equivocal position. For tcavoirs not worth eyphuning now, i have for soia-i years r dropped my middle name, and it may not t be an altogether easy thing to reestablish i “ What d. IT ere nee? ‘‘ she > aid, with mm j her absolute gestures—111 know yon to 1 e ( the Mr. G to v e r for w horn my fa'.her intended t the legacy and mi self. My voice wi I be j listened to in this affair. Too suil, should c there be one, is mine both by right and fed- t ing—not yours. Give 3*oursjlf no further concern about it,” . There was an implication in her lone and mnniier that she thought me too weak lu 1 fight the suit, which I resented with the l petulance of weakness. t “Oh, never mind,” I stammered; “the thing isn't worth troubling yourself about.” j “ D j you mean,” she said, sweeping down j upon mo in one of her hurricane moods, t “ that I'm not worth your trouble ?” £ “I beg pardon, Miss Wackleford ; I wa3 t alluding t j the suit.'* • c “ Put I’m alluding to mj^olf; do you ob- l ject to me ?” . “No; on the contrary, 1 like you; but i you rather confuse and awe me.” * ( “ Then, you poor, timid child, we will fight t this thing to the bitter end, 1 will stand in i your stead throughout the whole atfuir” 1 The case of "Grover tx Grover, hi re Wackleford deceased,” is one of the celebrated causes of tie Surrogate Couit of Ne.v York, I was the plaintlIf. 1 established con clusively that 1 was Paul Grover—there win a baptismal register to that (xtent; but when it came to proving my middle nnnn, the evidence was only inferential. My parcnL —long deceased—could not testify io the fact of bestowing it upon mo me; and old nurse, whom we fished out of obscure re cess, swore she had always heard mo called Ivy, or Vanny, or Ilocy, but admitted, on croas-examinmioti, she never had the faintest idea what it all meant; and a former school mate deposed that I had been familiarly known in my boyhood as Pig Grover, but win forced to confers?, under cross-fire, that the epithet was conferred upon me without any rational motive, eo far as he knew. In short, we were compelled to rely on the fact that for Eomeyears 1 had used an initial in mv signaturea^ our most material proof. The defendant proved his name fully. By the church record and by the blazon of hi« iVQ,lovcrBl,Il>*"“W’liii n'‘“? «n9 Irvicg. unabated hatred towards its owner, After establishing incuntestibly the falsr clnimnut'ri identity, the dt fence got in their most eiuel blow upon in'*. They produce! n copy of iny uieyclicnl letter, My own disinterested and deliberate Blntemeut rose up in evidence against me, nod was re ceived as conclusive ; iho case was decided n-ninst mu j but by the only stroke of good luck in the whole affair, 1 managed to escape indictment for perjury. 11, they have got the fitly thousand, y haven’t got me," wm Miss Wncklc cous vlatory remark at the conclusion , it might be worst even than what it y 1 arkyou if you have any intention muting your claim to the residue of lier’o bequest ?" , not quite sure, Miss Wacklcurra, fully comprehend you." j iitty thousand, you know, was simply :d to place you in a poution of com e independence; X and my fortune msidered the principal legacy." . ar 1 have so demeaned myself rn en ng to prove my identity in the trial cr that success in the other cause he quite as hopeless.” ,v uon't be a.vkward, and make r bat r. fleet upon me. We fought that 'ether, recollect, lint the other suit 'o be tried before any stupid magis jury. I myself mu to be the judge aw and the factor ru tire cart'. Just e the proper proceedings, and see ho\y quickly yon will get a favorable vcr “ May I,' then, D*ann, indeed hope ”— “ Hope*, indeed I ns if tlicre was cwra time you couldn’t have 1ml rae for the asking. But only on one solemn condition, Paul.” “ Name it V* “ That you resume the name to which the court has decided you have no title.” “ t should think you would loathe it by this time,” ‘‘On the contrary, l adore if. 1 have wor shipped it all my life. I reverenced your mother for conferring upon you such a charm. It filled my girlhood with romantic dreams of you before wc evi r met. Ivanhoel Paul I van hoe I corsider the possibilities of it, Paul I., tlm' is Paul First; Paul IV. is Paul Fourth ; Paul V., Paul Fifth, You will be quite a dynasty simply by virtue of t your own title. Then Ivan is Bclavamc for l John ; and Paul John is iquivalcnt to John Paul John, which will make you a namesake of Jean Paul Kiehtcr. llcall.v I caunot stop now to think of every thing nnbra:ed in it; but it is a royal name, uu 1 its ; otentiaUUos will stretch o*n to infinity, I'm sure," T.he typhoon was beginning to rise ; I knew that I must finally be whirlul before it like chaff ; so 1 hastened to surrender un conditionally, “You may fix it as you please, "Dmna,” “Then order cards at once for Mr, and Mrs. P. Ivanhoe Grover.” And thus the name is written, both male and female, until this day, 