\-- I SOME MOBE BESOLUTIONS OP THE j LAMBETH CONFERENCE. ! 1\. That this Conference, withont pledging itself to all the statements and opinions em- bodied in the report of the Committee on Intemperance, commends the report to the I consideration of the Church. 2\. That the Bishops assembled in this Conference deolare that the use of nnfer I mented joice of tho grape, or any liquid other than true wine diluted or undiluted, as I the element ia the administration of the oap j in Hely Communion, is unwarranted by the CHURCH OF ENGLAND. example of our Lord, and ia an unauthorized departure from the custom of the Catholic Church. 3\. That this Conference earnestly com- mends to all those into whose hands it may come the report on the subject of purity, as expressing the mind of the Conference on thiB great snbjeot. (Carried unanimously.) The following are the reports of the Com- mittees referred to in the above resolutions : (1) The first-that of the committee ap- pointed to consider the duty of the Church with regard to intemperance-is signed by the Bishop of London, and it presents the only instanco of a discrepancy between the special committees and the Conference. The warning against total abstinence contained in the Encyclical has no corresponding part in the report, which, on the contrary, advises ." that the main weapon to be used in this warfare is the practice ol total abstinence from intoxicating liquors by those who desire to help their fellow men." Flight from tempta- tion, it observes, is the natural mode of deal- ing with sins of the flush. The burden of tumperanco work must fae borne by those who abstain entirely ; although everyone, of course, is not bouud to take up the particular burden, or need be so weak as to find safety only in fleeing the temptations of drink. In respect to temperance legislation the committee advise the Church to press on all .Governments the duty of diminishing the enormous amount of temptation wbioh at present binders the work of elevating and civilizing the masses. The diminution in the nutnbor of publichouses, the shortening ef the hours of sale, and Sunday closing are instances af legislativo measures cited as likely to be beneficial. It is remarkable that nono of these re- commendations finds place in the Euoyclioal, nor, on the other hand, ie there any mention in tho report of the condemnation of the use of unfermented wine in the Eucharist. (2) The report of the committee on parity (of wbioh the Bishop of Durham was chairman) is the only one endorsed by the unanimous voice of the Conference. The committee are not blind to the danger of dealing pubUoly with the subject of impurity, and dread the effect, especially upon the young, of any in- creased familiarity with the details of sin, but, notwithstanding, they hold that the time has come when tho Church must speak with no uncertain voice. Th<?y accordingly sub- mit a series of solemn declarations upon the subject: . "We solemnly declare i hat a lifo of purity is alone worthy of a being created in tho image of God. " We declare that for Christians the obli- gation to purity rests upon the sanctity of the body, which is thu ' temple of the Holy Ghost.' " We declare that a life of chastity for the unmarried ie not only possible but is com- manded by God. " We declare that there is no difference between man and woman in the sinfulness of sins of unchastity." "We declare that on the man, in his God. given strength of manhood, rests the main responsibility. "We declare that no ono known to bo living an immoral lifo ought to be received in Christian society. " We solemnly protest against all lowering of the sanctity of marriage. " We would remind all whom our voice may reaoh that the wrath of God, alike in Holy Scripture, and in the history of the world, has been revealed against the nations which have transgressed the law of purity ; ' and we solemnly record our conviction that, where ever marriage is dishonoured, and sius of the flesh lightly regarded, the home life will be destroyed, and the nation itself will, sooner or later, decay and perish." *, The committee add that the Bishops sever- ally have determined to confer on this weighty matter with the clergy and faithful laity of their respective dioceses. (3) The cpllateral question of divorce is reported upon briefly by the committee (chairman, the Bis- hop of Chester), the recommendations being identical with those adopted in the. resolu- tions. (4) Polygamy of heathen converts waa deliberated upon (chairman, the Bishop of Durham) with a like effect. (5) The Bis- hop of Exeter presided over the committee on Sunday observance, the recommendations of which were, with a few verbal alterations, adopted by the Conference and are printed in the resolutions. (6) The report on Socialism is " submitted "-not " commended," like other reports-to consideration by the Con- ference. It is signed by the Bishop of Manchester, and is a most interesting docu- ment. The committee broadly define So- cialism as "any scheme of social resonstruc tion . . . which aims at uniting labour and the instruments of labour (land and oapital), whether by means of the State, or of the help of tho rich, or of the voluntary co-operation of the poor." 