AOTA POPULI. By the Flaneur. '.—But he To whom a thousaud memories call, Not being lesa but more than all The gentlonoaa ho soomod to be, Best, seem'd the thing ho was ; and joined Each office of tho oocial hour To noble umnnera, aa the flower And noble growth or noblo mind.' —Tumntbox. A GBBAT light has gone out-=a Prince has passed from amongst his People ! ' Dalley ia dead,' is the sad refrain -which troubles this young land today 5 and the mournful wind which wafts it up 'wards returns laden with the Old World's heart felt sympathizing cry. The brightest of Aus tralia's stars has fallen from her firmament— -the sarest gem has been taken from her diadem ! In 3his youth our now silent hero gave the brightest promises for the future, and in that future he purpaased all that his most ardent friends pre dicted. As an orator he was the Cicero of his ijlay ; as a writer the poetry of his prose, with its apt illustrations, its diamond-sparklen of wit, and its scholarly but sweetly-flowing sentences, was simply inimitable; but even these -were surpassed by his broad benevolence and that true Christian charity which he extended to all—irrespective of creed or clime. He had the rare power of charming all classes j the learned and the ignorant, the cultured and the vul gar j the titled lord and the poor peasant at the plough — you could not speak to any one of theEe ?without his face at once lighting up with a beam ing smile and his tongue pouring forth the praise of the incomparable Dalley. He was certainly ' the moat ' loveable' man the 'country has ever seen, and I account for this b^ the fact that his 'was no assumed geniality or bonhomie, but it Cftme straight from his heart's core, and was part and parcel of his very nature. To him Pity never appealed in vain ; but, on the contrary, he Bought her children out and by word and deed did all he could to alleviate their sufferings. Like Goldsmith, he touched nothing without adorning it, and whenever the time came for the performance of a great and brilliant .deed he rose to the occasion at once ; his action waa swift as the eagle's flight, and he never failed to attain his object. And now, alas ! he is lost to us for evermore — ' The chord, the harm's full chord, ia hushed, The voice hath died away, Whence music, like sweet wators, gushed, But yesterday — - -' The form has gone, but the glorious spirit lives, and while Australia Iast3 her children will ever treasure the memory and speak with flashing ©yes and proudly-parted lips of the first and greatest of her young days5 sons — William Bede Dalley ! Vale ! Vale ! 'Mov3 Janua Vitm.' Woe to Wollongong ! Jerusalem stoned the pro phets ; but Wollongong has gone one worse and placed her Salvation saints in gaol- Majah Jeffries, the gallant commander of the squad who slipped away, on gospel business, for a time, and Siobly allowed all his male full privates to go to gaol before him, has just been sent up for three Jnonths for making a greater ass of himself than Nature ever intended he should becom?, and Wol longong now rejoices in the priceless bliss of being 'without a single ' sojer ' of the fainted band. The ' sojeresses ' are still at largo, and, with a gallantry which clearly proves that chivalry is &ot; dead after all, Majah Jeffries indignantly asks 'why he should be run in when not a single, or ©ven married Hallelujah sister has been interfered tvith. As a matter of fact, however, the lasses are Mot half so confounded a nuisance as the men, for scarcely any of them have voices stronger than a sick prawn's, and none of them are so dead to vanity as to consent to de tract from the ravishing beauty of their sylph like forms by prancing round with a big drum, strapped in front of their Hallelujah ' pinnies.' As fordoing a tootle-tootle- tootle on a cornet, that is equally out of the question, for, besides hiding their ruby lips, the fact of playing a cornet (as every cornetist knows), produces hard corns on the lips, and that is a thing no woman would tolerate for a moment. Being a strong believer in Woman's Eights, however, I fail to see why a Woman shouldn't have the same privilege of going to gaol as a miserable man has ; but, so far as the Salvation Army is concerned, I think the ends of justice would be better satisfied by sending all the male saints to gaol, and making them work and wash themselves while they are there, and by eending their unfortunate female dupes to a lunatic asylum. Mr. Garland, member of Carcoar, opened up quite a new phase of this trouble a few Bights ago by asking why the big drums and cornets and tambourines of the 'Harmy' ohouldn't be sent to gaol as well as their very vigorous players. Mr. Garland very properly argues that if the 'Harmy' wa3 not armed with these formidable weapons they would not be half so dangerous as they are. Some of the caost peaceful men (when sober) that the world contains are perfect maniacs when they laold a few inches of fighting whisky in them, and, in like manner* some moet harmless idiots become raging fiends when armed with a cracked cornet or a big drum. This being the case, a sort of Musical Instrument Prohibition Bill should be enacted, which would forbid any person or persons from selling such dangerous weapons as the afore said drums, cornets, &c;, to anyone who had the wild demented look of a party about to pin or form a Salvation ' Harmy ' Band. If, instead of running in the Wollongong nuisances, the police had simply kicked a Government road through their big drums and flattened the cornets out with a steam roller, they would have struck at the root of the evil itselP, and the State would not be put to the undesirable expense of supporting some dozen members of the A. L. li., or Arch-Loafers' Brigade. Mr. Garland is right. The lads and lasses are not so much to blame as are the persons who supply them with such instruments of Satan as big drums, cornets , and tambourines. Talking of music reminds me that Mr. Fred. Co wen, the imported conductor of the Melbourne Centennial Concerts, told a good story, at his own expense, at the banquet given to him by some Sydney admirers. While Mr. Cowen's oratorio, ' Euth,' was being performed in Melbourne, a back-block squatter sat the affair out very patiently, but at its close turned to a friend and indignantly asked, ' Is that th' kind o' stuff you call music here ? Why the derned thing reminds me of weaning time on a station. First the old ewes sing out ' Baa,' and then the rams shout ' Baa,' and then the lambs squeak out ' Baa/ and then the whole blessed crowd o' ewes, rams, an' lambs bellow out ' Baa' altogether, just the same as them singers did in this dashed thing they calls a a grand finally.' I have no doubt this story is true ; for I once saw a thorough ' busby' from the Bar won sit out the first aet of the ' Huguenots'* ia the good old days, when Sydney used to hear something like real opera, and as the disgusted Johnny-raw got up to go out he contemptuously observed, ' Gosh ! Call that music ? Why I've hoard ' Flash Jack' bring better chunes out of a bloomin3 old Germin concertiner.' But woe is on the land; for Mr. Cowen, like all other visitors of a day, intends to write a book about his art and social experiences in the land of the Golden Fleece, and, of course, he'll come down with a ' sickening thud' on the people who couldn't see any difference between a chorus from ' Euth' and the infernal row raised at weaning time on a back block station. Not long ago a rather warm correspondence took place in the Freeman columns touching the desirability of forming an Irish Eegiment here. Soldiers are but relics of barbarism at best, and the world can never consistently call itself civi lized until its disputes are settled by some means far more humane than that first resource of civili zation, viz., sanguinary war. At the same time, however, the soldier, though an evil, is a very necessary evil just now, and we must be on guard as well as all the rest of our but semi-civilized world. And if we are to have soldiers at; all, the whole history of modern warfare proves that for courage, skill and strategy the Irish soldier has never been excelled. Therefore, let us have Irish regiments, with Tim Fogarty, and Phil Eooney, and all the other fighting Tims and Phils in their ranks, but first of all let us understand ex actly what we are intended to fight for. If the idea is to form Irish regiments who are liable at :iuy moment to be called out to take part in any war England chooses to embark in, not caring whether it may be waged merely to help a monster land-grabbing syndicate to plun der the long-oppressed poor for the sake of English usurers, a3 in the ciEe of the Egyptian ' fellahs,' or to turn our weapons against our own infernally- persecuted countrymen on Irish soil, then let us rather commit universal suicide than degrade ourselves to the level of hired assassins by taking part in such infamous outrages against all moral laws. If an Irish regiment is ever formed here, how ever, it will assuredly be one which will be a credit and a bulwark to the land — a regiment which all the world's great generals, from the mighty Macchabeus down to the lamented Fight ing Phil Sheridan would have loved to command. This is no idle blow, for proof of what Irishmen in Australia can do was brought forward the other day at the International Eifle match, when the Irish team, under the appropriately named Major Strong, won the champion prize, making a total score of 620. What makes this event all the more interesting is the fact that the Austra lian team was a good second with 609 points, so that the ' Shamrocks' and the ' Cornstalks' are now at the head of our shooting affairs. Their skill is proved ; and it wouldn't be a healthy thing for other teams to test their courage. Long live the Waratah and Shamrock. It would be extremely interesting just now to know what Sir Alfred Stephen and the Social Purity Gimlet-hole Boring Squad think of Mrs Mona Caird's Free Love lectures, which are at present up-euding London almost as much as those other horrora, the Whitechapel murders. Mrs. Mona is a rathor attractive-looking lady, happily married to a sou of Sir James Caird, and she has what Sarah Bernhardt would call one ' matrimonial impediment.' iogttw shape of a son* Her system of marriage by lease is not the first chunk of snffering which she has inflicted on an innocent public, for under the noin da $l%me, of ' S. Noel Hatton' she has perpetrated two wishy washy novels—' Whom Nature Leadeth' and ' One that Wins.' One thatloseB is the party who foote away any time over her absurd nonsense, which hasn't even the virtue of novelty, for Mona is merely going over the same old ground that was turned up by Mrs. Annie Besant, and the theory wa3 bluemouldy long before Annie's great great grandmother waa thought of. The new ' apostless' Mona seems never tired of declaring she is a highly respectable lady ; but then Thackeray's 'Becky Sharp' firmly believed she was a bit of a saint too, although she had an idea that she could have been a much better woman on .£3000 a year. Sensible persons have an idea that marriage is quite mixed up enough as it is without any ' apostlesses' rising up to give it another tangle, and speaking on this subject at a recent meeting of the English Church Union held in London the Eev. D. Batterson, of Philadelphia, said that ' if he was to tell all he knew upon the subject of in cestuous marriages, he would not be credited. For instance, he had a case in his mind of a man be coming by marriage the uncle of his own brother, and brother-in-law of his own mother, and his own wife, who was the sister of his step-father, had become his mother's niece. The case wag this. It was that of a widower with one son having married a second wife. By the second wife he had another son. He died. Hia step-son had married his second wife's sister, eo his wife be came his own mother-in-law and his own wife be came the step- daughter of her own mother, and he was the brother-in-law of his own brother and his uncle.' Everyone knows that we have nothing to learn from England, because our Great Mo Kanna long since laid down that dictum, but it would appear from the following anecdote that we can learn something from China. A Chinese Minister was condoling at a leading Supreme Court with an eminent Englishman because the wife of the latter had gone to look after the education of their children, and amongst other chunks of consolation said, ' You must be somewhat lonely now, but of course you have another wife.' The Englishman explained that an ' emergency' wife was not al lowed, either by the religion or the law of his country, upon which the Chinkie diplomatist looked as astonished as if the ghost of Confucius had suddenly bobbed up and asked if he had such such a thing as a match about him ; but he soon recovered his composure, and patronisingly ob served, ' That is bad— woefully behind the age, in fact — but you Europeans are blessed with so much intercourse with Chinese higher life now that we hope you will soon become sufficiently civilized to act as we do.' ' The wr-r-retch !'* exclaimed a lady to whom I told this story — ' why three parts of the men who are married now can't keep, in proper circumstances, the one wife they have., and where would they be if they had to keep a dozen P' I thought of replying that it was the duty of the wives to support the husbands, but I feared that our intercourse with Chinese higher life was not sufficient just yet to enable me to risk such a statement with safety ; especially as the lady in question weighed 1761bs, and was armed with a gigantic specimen of the new ' husband-beater' parasols. Speaking of Mr, Minister Inglis, an exchange says ?. — 'Ifc is a fact generally known that teachers under the Public Instruction Department are for bidden to take active part in any business outside their ordinary avocation j but it is not so generally known that the same prohibition extends to their wives.' It appears that the wife of a certain Public school teacher was engaged in the light, but not over lucrative or popu lar capacity of book canvasser, and this lady has received intimation that she must not engage in any business that could be regarded as competition with others in the district, while her husband was in the service of Mr. Inglis' De partment. This is making one, and one only, of married persons with a vengeance, and it is evident from this order that Mr. Inglis does not favour the theories of Mrs. Mona Caird. The difficulty, however, is to deoide as to what constitutes com petition. The wife who repairs her teacber husband's pants may be charged with entering into competition with the local tailors, and if she keeps a yard full of ' chookies,' the local poul terers and grocers may consider she was unduly competing with them also. And then again, if the wife of a Public Instruction servant is to be pre vented from hawking a patentmedicine book, why should a Public Instruction Minister be allowed to bawk tea ? There's something here that requires an explanation. It ia not anticipated that anything like good work will be done this Session, but judging from appearances, the times will be decidedly lively. Mr. Neild seems to be spoiling for a fight, but that is only natural, for he was cut short by the close of the last Session, jast as he was warming up to take the 'consaib' out of his dear friend the Ecemier. Sir Henry chanced to obeejve fcuafc Mr. Neild was ' a most insulting member,' upon - which John Cassius retorted that at any rate he 1 was 1 ' Not in the habit of telling members to shut I up 5 he was' not in the habit of inquiring of hon. \ members. if their mother knew they were out j he 3 was not in the. habit of telling members that they I would make their way to Victoria, only they were I afraid the police would catch them on the border 5 \ he was not in the habit of asking hon. members I to go outside and bark with the other dogs.' ? Those were some of the choicest flowers culled '} from the Premier's bouquet of eloquence, and Mr. '\ Neild declared that he ' might be tempted to say \ I something about Sir Henry that he would have to ; j apologize for,' as 'the trampled worm would 'i turn' 5 upon which the Premier snorted ' Stuff ! | ,'j that's because I haven't trampled him enough.' '1 These threats of ' letting something out' have « been heard rather frequently of late, but threats ^ can neArir fright Sir Henry. ; Touching our algebraic amusements, so well has the notion caught on to our really clever readers, and so large has the correspondence grown, that I have decided to devote a special articJe to the matter (in addition to the Acta Populi) and to have it ready for our next issue. A deal of fun can be got out of figures after all, and there can be no question as to the benefit to be derived from their study also. Editors of all first-class 'weeklies' endeavour to amuse as well as in struct their readers, but unfortunately the general run of the amusement provided consists in worry ing over such idiotic and useless nonsense aa those played-out puzzles which declare that ' my first is my last and my third is my whole, while my second is my fourth and my whole is nothing at all.' Even when this stuff is solved nothing whatever is gained ; but ia the algebraic amusement instruction is combined with pleasure, and there is a chance of some of our correspondents rivalling, or even ; eclipsing, the fame of Euclid and Colenso. Till i next week, therefore, 'ajoo,' or— to speak more appropriately classic— Quod erat demonstrandum. 