THE SOCIAL CHARACTER OF THE SACRAMENT OP THE LORD'S SUPPER. It is astonishing what pains and what elaborate falsifications are resorted to by the modern Sacrificial school, to pervert the simple social character of the Lord's supper.— As instituted by Christ, there is not a hint of either priest or sacrifice in it, nor is there any in St. Paul's reference to it in the (1 Cor. x and xi.) The rite, have lately hit upon a mode of supplying this deficiency, which is truly fatal to their whole system. So they pretend that when Christ Baid " do this in remembrance of me " — Do this (poiete touto) he meant a great deal more than do this; and then they make the big and false assertion that, the verbpoieoie always iiBed in the Beptuagint Greek old testa- merit, for offering a sacrifice. So that " do_ this " is equivalent to " offer this sacrifice." This is entirely a ritualistic myth. No such use of the verb poieo is ever made, and indeed no such use is possible : poiete touto could not mean anything else but ' do this " — (ie this thing— touto being neuter.) We notice that lately the sacerdotalists are far more bolddn unfounded assertions, such as this, specially where the Sacrement of the Lord's supper is to be sophisticated, than ever they were before. The simplicity of the Lord's supper cannot be destroyed except by the most unlimited false as sertion. It was instituted by the Lord himself, on' the night in which he was betrayed, whilst they were at the table, and were eating, or had eaten, the Passover lamb, which lamb was an eminent type of Christ, for He is called " Our Passover." (1 Cor v.) "He took the bread, and gave thanks, and break it, and gave it unto them. Likewise, also, the cup after sup per," called " The cup of blessing" which at the feast the .Tews used to drink, and so named because over it they blessed God for the fruit of the vine. The institution of the Lord's Supper is given by the first three Evangelists, and also by St. Paul. (1 Cor, vi.) The Jew ish Passover was done away by its ful filment in Christ the true Paschal Lamb. It was succeeded in the early Church by the Agape, or Love Feast, mentioned in Jude 12. TMb was an Evening meal in tended for all the believers of the com munity, rich, or poor, a brotherly repast preceding the Lord's Supper. The Domestic, and Social, character of the Supper is also illustrated by its con nexion with the above Divine rite. For The PasBover was Domestic, a Domestic sacrifice. It was the father of the family who killed the Lamb, and it was the family who ate it, no portion of it being given to the Levitical Priest, whose only duty was to sprinkle its blood on the national altar. The Agape, or Feast of love; was social. Therein all the few believers, among many heathen, united ih a happy, and profes sedly, a holy fellowship. Now, view the " Guest chamber " where met our Lord and His disciples. There (mark the social and friendly character of the locality, not a place of ' worship, but a Quest chamber) Bee, first, the Domestic element, — the Master of the house sitting down with his family to meat. , Next, observe the Social element,— the Master and his disciples, the Brother and his brethren, the Friend and hiB friendB, He presiding at the social board. A very Bweet and endearing view of this Sacrament is this, its Domestic and Social character, and one much more worthy to be entertained than at present ' it is. In fact it is ( though prominent in , the institution) generally overlooked. The: . sacramental element absorbs every other, which is a grievous error. From the: peculiarities of its institution, it is: evident that the Divine Founder .purposed in His ordinance to con tinue the domestic and social charac ter of its prototype, the passover. And . it is this communion or brotherhood ..which in 1 Cor. x, is asserted, "the bread which we break is the communion t of the body of Christ," , . Our Saviour gives no instructions' about the minister of it. , The words of St. Paul (1 Cor. x.) are " The cup of blessing, which we bless the bread which we break we being many are one bread, and one body, for we are partakers of that one bread." The plural term " We " is four times used in the two verses. The following is Alford's comment: "The first person plural is the same throughout. The bless ing of the cup, and the breaking of the bread (the acts of consecration) were not the acts of the minister, as by any authority peculiar to himself, but only as the represen tative of the whole Christian congregation ." (The Italics are his.) Great, and important, as the subject is; how is it that we find so little mention made of it in Scripture ? The fact is remarkable, and a,s nothing is done without design by Him who has given us this Institution, so should the fact by us be pondered. For consider; We have in the Gospels the history of the institution of the Supper given by three of the Evangelists. Then come the Acts of the Apostles em bracing a sketch of the history of the Church for about thirty years. In this portion of Scripture we have possibly allusion made to the administration of the rite once, at Troas (ch. xx.), and per haps on another occasion. (Acts ii.) Then came spread over another thirty years, and more, the Epistles, and the Apocalypse (21 writings in all) addressed to 18 churches, and to six individuals, exclusive of 1. Jno., which is a treatise rather than a letter. In the Revelation, though seven practi cal addresses are made to as many churches, nothing is said in any of them of the Eucharist ! Of the Epistles, there are two" containing treatises on Justifica tion, another on the Priesthood of Christ, and three more are addressed to Bishops (Timothy and Titm) instructing them in the exercise of their duties ; yet not only is there no treatise on the Lord's Supper, and no direction to those clergy in regard to it, but in all those twenty-one writings,1 with a single exception, no mention is even made of it; and where in this single ex ception (the first Epistle to the Corinthi ans) it does occur, it is brought in, as it were casually, through the misconduct of the party addressed. Nor does its mention there stand by itself, which it is important to notice, but is found in the midst of a group of subjects relating to Olvurch order, such as going to law, marriage of daughters, the use of certain meats, the relations to each other of the married pair, " tongues," veils, long hair, &c;>, &c.; Very remarkable is thiB reticence of the Holy Ghost on this important sub ject, which though it does not in any way or degree, affect the institution itself, yet conveys agreatlesBon. Most impressively does it instruct teachers that their public ministrations to the people are mainly to relate to other subjects of the Word of God, such as Christ in his Person and Offices, Justification, Faith, and Righteousness. In the silence of God, the " Children of Wisdom " recognise an eloquence almost aB instructive as in His voice. Observable also is this fact, that these 21 Writings are not all from one hand, but from six. So that we have six inspired men, through a period of over sixty years, observing on this head in their writings the same silence, and that without anypre-agreement. — In Scripture are two unities, of utterance, and of silence. Names and Uses, of the Rite. It is called Eucharist from a Greek word, which means to give thanks, and the Scriptural terms, to which it is always, best to adhere, are " The Communion of the body and of the blood of Christ," and "The Lord's Supper " (L Cor. x. and xi.). The latter term originates, of . course, in its primitive institution at evening by our Lord. The common term "Sacrament," though unobjectionable, is not applied to it in Scripture. It means a Sign. The first, and great, use of ' the Ordinance we gather from the words' of the Divine' Founder, " Do this in remem brance of me." In remembrance ! -This is His memorial to all generations, as it is also a perpetual witness of the Divine origin of the religion of Jesus. The Church of England in her Com munion Service has adopted the words of Christ, and in no less than ten times in; that Service has brought forward the " Remembrance of me." . . ; As to Sacrifice; In the Communion there is the Sacrifice of 'Ourselves (" Arid 'here we offer' and present unto1 Th'ee,0 1 'Lord, ourselves, our souls 'and' bodie'sj to bo a' reasonable,1 holy; and lively sacrifice unto Thee,") together with the sacrifices of praise, thanksgiving, and. good works. But, ' the Church of England,' faithful 'add true to her Lord, acknowledges but " one Sacrifice, oblation and satisfaction/or sin," the Sacrifice of Cavalry, as she distinctly states in Art. xxx. — "The offering of Christ once made is that perfect redemp tion, propitiation, and satisfaction, for all the sins of the whole world, both original and actual ; and there is none other satisfaction for sin but thatalone," In bhis holy rite no sacrifice whatever for sin is offered. Communion (I. Cor. x.). In it believers have Communion with Christ, and participation in holy fellowship with each other.. The Holy Supper is also a Repast, and though one of sorrow to its Great Founder, yet to His People is made a Feast. In the Communion Service, the exhortation speaks of the Supper as "a rich feast," and " banquet," and this view and use of our subject we must not forget. Not an altar but a table is proper to a feast. A Eucharist; or Thanhsqivinq, also, is the Supper. Thus, in the Comuuion Service," Above all things ye must give most humble hud hearty1 thanks to God." And again, " With Angels and Archangels, and with all the Company of heaven, we' laud and magnify thy glorious name." But no priest is required for thanksgiving. Finally the Supper is an ordinance, in' which the church confesses her Lord; — " Ye do show the Lord's death till He come." 