New Presbyterian Creed. Tni! Christian World prints the ' Articles of tLo Faith as Hold by the Presbyterian Cnu'ch of England,' which a committee appointed by tho synod have drawn up as tho result ot three years' labour. Tho Drafting Committee con sisted of Rev. Dr. Oswald Dvkes (convener!. Rev. Drs. Chalmers, Donuld Eraser, and Ed mond, Rovs. Robert Taylor, and W. Dule, with one elder, Mr. Robert Whyte. The Drafting Committee snbmitted the articles seriatim to the General Committee and these will be laid Leforo the synod ac its forthcoming meeting in Nnwcastle. The next stop, no doubt, will be for the synod to scud the docu ment to the presbyteries with a view to thorough examination, and the final approval' will bo ar-kid for at the Rynod of 1SS9. It will be ob uened that the articles are 'Articles of Faith,' und form a creed rather tbuu a confession or manifesto. Tho articles when adopteel by the English Presbyterians, will servo us the work ing creed of the church, and practically take the place of the Westminster Confession of Faith. The framers of the now creed append a list of illustrative patsages — which we omit — in support of the various clauses, drawn from tho AxJOstles' Creed, Nicenn Creed, tho West minster Confession and Catechisms, the Thirty nine Articles, the Scottish, French, Helvetic, Belgic, and other confessions of the Reforma tion period. Tho dGouraen' runs :— or god. 1\. We believe in, and adore, one living and true God, Who is spirit and the Father' of spirits, present in every place, persona1, intinita, and eternal, the almighty Autuor. aud sovereign Lord of all ; most blessed, mojt holy, uud most free; perfect- iu wisdom, justice, tcuth, ? und love ; to us most merciful and gracious : unto Whom only we must cleave, Whom only wo must worship and obey. To Him be glory for ever. Aineu. of the Tumi?. 2\. We acknowledge, with tho ancient church, ihe mystery of the Holy Trinity as revealed in scripture, and believe that in the unity of the ever blessed Godhead there are three Persons, the Father, the Son, and tho Holy Spirit, of one substance, equal in power uud glory. OF. CBKAMOJI. : 3\. We believe that Almighty God, for His own holy und loving ends, was pleased in the br ginning to create, tho heavens aud the earth, tlnough the Son, tho Eternal Word'; uud, through progressive stages, to fashion and order ibis world, giving life to every creature ; and to mako man after His own image, that he might glorify und enjoy God, occupying1 and subduing the earth, and' having dominion over the creatures, to the praise of his Maker's name. OF l'l'OVIDEXCE. 4\. We believe that God the Creator upholds all things by the -word of H is power, preserving imd providing for all His creatures, according to tho li'.wsof their being; and that He through the presence and energy of His Spirit, in nature and his,toiy, disposes aud governs all events for His own high design ; yet, is Ho not in any wise the author or approver of sin, neither ura Iho freedom and responsibility of man taken away, nor have any bounds been set to the toveieigi. liberty of Him Who worketh when ::ud where and how He pleasetli. 01' TUB FALL. 0\. Wo believe .and confess that our first father Adam, tbo representative head as wellas ci'iuinon .'ancestor of mankind, trangressed the commandment of God through temptation of the devil, by which transgression he fell, and all mankind in him'; from his original state of in nocence, and communion with God; aud so all nun hitvo come under just condemnation, are subject to tho penalty of. death, and inherit a. niuiul nature, degenoruto iu every part, estranged 1'iom God, and prone to dvil ; out of which condition wo acknowledge that 110 man is able byuny ineuns to deliver himself. '? ?' ' ' ,0i': SAVIN™ ORACK. li. Wo believe and proclaim that God, Who is rich in mtrcv as well aa of perfect justioa,' wiui-iooyi'd by His great love, to man to hold forth from tnb first a promise of redemption, which from age to age He confirmed and 1111- , folded, and that, in tho fulness of the,timo; He' accomplished His grauious purposo by sending His Son to bo tbo (saviour of the world : where fore our ml vii t ion out of sin and, niiseryiw over/ to bo ascribed to.frco and Bovereign-graoo. , ;{ . OF TIH2 I.OED.JKSIlSOIUtI91'. ' ,.ii.-r-;.'. 7.; We believe in and coulees with the whole ishuith (lie. Lord Jcbub Christ, \yho, Iwing tho , eternal fjeni'of Gud, liccamo uiuii by, taking to' Himself :u tmo body and eoiil, yot ; 'without si u,. Being conceived, by,: tho power: of 'tlio Holy; Gli'okt, nnri boin eif the A'ir'giii' Miiry ; so thiit Ho i'6 both Ciod and Jinn, two whole, poi'fout, and distinct natures, the divine and thot-mudu, ? beiiig iiiKeparubly joiuul 't'ogiithet-in one : pur son, jthat Ho' might be the Mediator bstweau' God, aud luun, by Whom «l:mo we'imut bo' «^d- '-;..', - ??'.-?? .,- ?;?; ~/:\,^:. '.i.viiv' a^i.^: .*., '..:ov Tirewpl^oEjCunisT,;,., ,,;,-,;;j;,;.: ,''S. ,W6 liclicvo'.'thutahu Mediator, -tliu Lurdr JcBUB Christ, being anointed with the Holy,; Spirit to proclaim; und ,«ut up (tho{ Kingdom or God ainbng iia-h, did'iiV :His' purfeot: nfii.oiV ? ciiith, by words and deeds bi'graee,' deolata) thu Father, Whotb iinago'Hb 'ti ;''aiid iliel' fully'1 satisfy His, divine justice, and. obtain for Ilia prtiple forgiveneBSr of sins, reeoneiliutibii; ti- God, and tliu gift of eternal llfo, - through Mis .obtiiiinco on cur. behalf to tho -law. and will of HisjFathcr, ovcii unto tho death of tho. .orouj -wlifrein -Ho' offored 'Himself'up* without spot' ?'to God, a sauritice without bin. ;:;'..?!,' ??v'' ioF .IKS ItXALTAilON OP -O1I11I8T. ,'r'0l!'Wo believo1 that 'Josus Clirintj being for qur'on'encea oru(;iricd, deud^uml ;bnried, saw.no corruption, but wub raised again the third day ;fpi£tour justification, jn 'VYhoso risen lifo wo iiyojanew, and havo iho pledgo. of -u blessed itEUJ I UUUUU , IUUl,JU;uiUif]UlUU .uuuv' IU WU1UU Be-Toso Hn 'ascended- into* heaven, whero,- txn our High Priest, Ho makuth coutiuual intcrQo.rt cion for ur;* and, 'that. He sittoth at i}ie right hand of God,' Head of the- Church clothed with authoi%an^j}p^ ?????'?:U,,;f .-,., ':.jA. ! :i:J .i.h.K ? -y-i ,T !-0«t0- j ?;-.;,'«,(i..«-,:ft «!!,?,?,...'-!-? f'.!.*o= V^«f«.!rJ--iVK-V--'^Ji».-BHB aOSl'Eti. -?? 10., We hold f.iuit and pronlaim that God, AVhb'wiUoth that all men should bo saved and como to tho.'knuwle'dgo of the truth,, has, by His Son our Saviour, given commission to the Cliuioh to prvach the Gospel of His graoe unto'-, all nations, freely offering- to all men, fbrgivo nem and eternal life, and calling on them to' turn from sin to God, and to receive and rest, by faith upon tbo Lord Jkkuk Christ. of hie nai.V snniT. 1 1 . We bi.'liuvc in the Holy Spirit,, the Lord and Giver oi life, Who workoth freely as Ho will, without Whose gracious iuflnenco there is 110 Nilvutiou, mid Wlio is never withheld'-fiom. any who truly ask for Him ; and wo give thanks that He has in every ige moved in the hearts of men/that He spako by tho prophets, and that through our exalted'Saviour Ho was sent forth in power to convict tho world of siu, to persuade and enable mon to oboy tho nail of the Guspel, and to abide with tho Church, dwelling in every believer ns tho Spirit of truth, of holiness, and of comfort. OF E1HCUON ASD ltEGKNKnATIOX. 12\. Wo humbly own and boliove that God thu Father, before thu foundation of the world, was pleased of His f overeign graco to choose a people unto Himself in Christ, whom He gave to tlio Son thut He might bring them unto gloiy ; and to those who were thus chosen wo believe that tho Holy Spirit imparts spiritual life by a secret and wonderful operation of His power, uVing as His ordinary means, whore years of understanding have been reached, the tinlliBof His Word in ways agreeable to the nature of man ; eo that, being born ? from above, they are the children of God and His now. creation in Christ Jesus. , OF SEPBXTAKCE AN» FAITII. ;13. Wo believe that everyone, who through the quickening grace of the Holy Spirit repeats and bc- Hi-ves tho Goxpol, confessing and for saking his sins, and humbly iclringupnn Christ alci 0 for salvation, is freely pardoned and ao ci-ji cd an righteous iu the sight of God, solely on Oia ground of Christ's j!crfect obedience aud atoning sacrifice. , of ciibistiax onisniENCK. Mi AVe be'.ieve und acknowledge that the Lord Je-sus Christ has by precept and example en!urf!ed our knowledge of the Divine will and pinsiiMted lbe spirit of filial love in which God *« to be obeyed, while He has laid us by His grace under new obligation to keep tho perfect law ; and we rejoice that tho obodunce of His people, though in this lifo always imperfect, is yet ucccpted^fcr Christ's eako and pleasing to God, being the fruit of uuion to Christ und the evidence of a living faith. OF TiXION TO CltniST. 15\. Wo believe that th-\so who are vitally united to Chi 1st by faith become partakers iu liH'the benefits of'His redemption, are adopted into the fruiily of Ged, and have tho Spirit of His Sou abiding in them, the earnest of thoic future inheritance; and we bless God that in measuro as they surrender themselves to His Spirit, and follow the guirfanue of His Word, the-y rcci-ive strength for daily tervice, and grow in huHnecs after tho im igo of their Lord ; or if through unwatshfulness and neglect of duty, any of them fall into grievous sin, yet by the mercy of God, Who abidoth faithful, they are not cast off, but ore chastened for thoir backsliding, and through repentance restored to His favour, so Hint they perish Dot. of ana oiiuBcn. Ifi. Wo believe in one holy catholic Church,1 the innumerable company of saints of every age iind nation, who, being united by the Holy Spirit to Christ their Head, tiro one in Him. nnd have communion with then- Lord aud with one another ; further, wo receive it as the will of Christ that His Church on earth should exist as a visible and Bacrcd brotherhood, or ganised for the confeision of His oumo, the public worship of God, tho upbuildiug of tbe saints, and the. proclamation of the Gospel , and wo aoknovvlodge as a pirt, more or less puve, of. this universal brotherhood, every par ticular church throughout tho world which professes faith in Jobus Christ aud obedionco to Him an Divine Lord and Saviour. ?OF CirtJilCH OKnEK ASK FELLOWSHIP. 17\. ?WebeJiovo that tbo Lord Jesus Chvist, the Bole Head of His Church, has appointed its worship, teaching, discipline, and govern ment to be administered according to His Word in Holy Scripture by officers who, being chosen %for their fitness, are to be duly set apait to their offioe ; and .although the visible Uhurch oven in its purest, branches, may contain un worthy members, and is liablo to err, yet bo ilievers ought not lightly to separate themselves from its communion, but are to live in fellow ship with their brethren ; which fellowship is to bo extended, as God gives opportunity, to . all who in every place call upon tho name of the Loid Jesus. : . ? - .'., '.,, OF HOLT SOMPIUBE. ?? ?.: ':;:.',.? ? 18. We believe that it has pleased :God, in addition to the manifestation of His glory in. creation and providence, and especially in the spirit of man, to reveal His mind and will to man at successive periods and in various ways ; and that this .revelation 'has been, . so f ai as needful, committed to writing by men inspired of tho Holy Spirit, aud is contained in tho Scriptures of the Old. and New( Testaments, which lire, therefore, to be devoutly studied by all ; und we reverently acknowledge the Holy Spirit speaking in the- Scriptures as the Supremo Judge in questions of faith and duty. of 'ihe SA.cnAMU.vra. 19\. We acknowledge Baptism aud the Lord's Striper, the two Sacraments instituted, by Christ, to bo of perpetual obligation, as signs and seals of the new covenant, of our peace,' ratified in His precious , blnod ; through the observance of which His Church is to confess her Lord and to bo visibly distinguished i rom the rest of thowoild. Baptism with water in the name of- the Father and of the Son und of tbe Holy Ghost being the Sacrament of admis sion into the visible Church, in which are set forth our union to Christ and regeneration by the Spirit, the remission of our sins, and our ' engagement to. bo the Lord's; and the .Lord's Supper, the sacrament of communion with Christ and with His people, in which bread and ?wine are giyem and received in thankful re- , mcmbiiincu of His sacrifice on the cross, and in whiih they whoin fuith reooive tho Bamo do, after a spiritual manner, partake of the body and blood- of tho Lord Jesus Christ, to their oomfor':, nourishment, and growth in grace.; ' OF THE SKCOXP ADVESr. ,.,... 1, 20\. We assuredly believo that on a day known only to God, the Lord Jesus Christ will sud denly come aguin from heaven with power and great glory ; and wo look for this second iip-' pearing of cur Saviour as the blessed hope of Hi«; Church, for which wo ought always to wuit , m fiber' watchfulness and diligence, that we, 'may bo found ready at Eis coming. : ' . ' ?'- ' ? of the BEsnimKOijos. ' '. ; i :- .' i .! ? '21. We belinvo tlat tho soulsbf the righteous, enter at death upon a stute of rest and felicity ?.: at home with tbo Lord jjauid; iwe look for tho,' resurrection of the dead,, both of tbo just und of the- unjust, through tho power. of the. Son of ; Hndf wheii the bodies' of(, all who. are fullon , aVli'tp in Cirrist.'as'welluoof thotaitliful wh'V' lire tbi.'ii ulive, hhull bo fashioned lihbw and ooii-' foinied to.the bddyof His glory.- ;.!i; .''-',?. ' i'Jf OF.iTnB las? JvpoEMBsr./ i, ,;;?; \'/. ?. -.':' 22. \Ve;btil!pvef,that ;,Gtid will judge the woild iu righteousness by Jesue , Christ;* before Whom all mc-n murt appear. . ,Who shall sepa-r rate the liKhledis, from the wicked; niikei mam- ' fett'tho1 seufetB' (if :the'he»ifc, 'aiid. render 'to every man iicciuding to the deeds whioh liotiuth' ,-diinu in the npdy;;whfcther, good) orevil; when ; tho wicked shull go;.away into eternul punish ment, but tho righteous into eternal1 life. ?.?-?? -' '?// ' ijOFi.anB,XIFJJ'BVlJBLASriNO., .:; ;?; ._ '[5,3, Fliiully,'.W0ibe'lieye in and desire the life ?ev.t-ihttti- cig' when' the redeemed uhall receive -tlioir inheritunce of glory in tho kingdom of ]. their Futlior/und be made fully blessiidin'tho pieMiice and servioe of God, Whom they Khali i»eouiiil enjoy for over and ever. Ainen.' \- j'fnR Chanco Reef on tho Mulgravo goldfield (siiyn Iho Cairns Post) is showing gold freely in the hanging wall. Samples of stone from the Orient tent south last wi-ok nhow fully 3 ozb. to tho ton. Tho Queen, although a small roof, is : widening out as they go down, and experts who have seen it anticipate next crushing to go 6 ozs. Roberts' ohiim ut tho Upper Camp ii looking rioher than over, and ia considered by. many people as tho best show on tho field. He had told her that business called him to Europe, and that ho might bo gone a year. With- a pale face and .beating- heart ho ner vously awaited tho .'effect., 'Finally, tbo, girl: Hpoko : ' You seem a trifle norvous and ox cited, Mr. Sampson,' uho said. 'Aro you. '.afraid oMKJing'eeBBlokf' ; ',;. ':. ?'?''??' ? ? ? '/??? 