EirTEBTAINME&TS.; On Monday evening last tho Academy of Music was re-opened by a professional com pany, after being . closed for a lengthy period, the performers being Hugo's Buffalo Minstrels. Tho brothers Hugo have long since, made themselves popular in Launceston, and as they have not visited this city with a company for more than a year (although C. Hugo was hero with another company a short timo back) their re-appoarnnco was received by a full1 house, the present company has six corner men and live ladies, but as two of the latter ap peared to be 'dummies' the male voices occasionally overpowered the others, but this was overlooked as the corner men aro all good at their business, the tambo and bones working together admirably, and their comic songs being well given. Al though some of tlie latter and' a few of the jokes wero old they were given with pleasing freshness and greatly amused the audieuco. Miss Verne, Miss Connie do Vere, and Mis3 Jessie Cleveland, the fernile performers of the company, each contri buted her share towards the success of the performance. Miss Verne, who is well known to all theatre goora, as usual re ceived much applause for her sorio comic songs, but this lady seomed to lack that vivacity and ' go' usually characteristic of her. Miss de Voro arid Miss Cleveland.'gavo several songs and ballads, the former dis playing much ability, but both ladies re ceived a cordial acknowledgment. Tho Hugo brothers were very successful in songs and danoes, and C. Hugo, caused con siderable mirth by his 'sayings andparor dies.' Mr O3car- Smith, | whom- we. have: seen before; was very successful ini his ven triloquial entertainment and his''perfor-' mance is of exceptional merit. A couple of sketc!iO3 were given by the 'Giant' (the dwarf who was here with tho Circassian youth) with moderate success, but they want toning down a little. Au amusing little farco entitled ' A Bachelor's Troubles'' was carried out by Messrs W. Hugo and Tom Duriah and the entertainment was concluded with ' Hush and Bluster,' a farce which sout everyone home in a plea sant mood. The ontorlaiiununt was a most onjoyablo one throughout. Tho mounting of the first part ' Life on the Mississippi,'1 wns very effective and deserves speciul mention. Tho company continued their performances during tho week to large and appreciative audiences and will con clude their seasonon Tuesday. They will then visit the principal towns on Jthe N.W. Coast and will provide our country friends with a groat troat. The company perform as follows: — Doloraino, November 14; Latrobe, November 15 and 16; Formby, November 17 and 19 ; t'ovth, Novcmbor 2J; Lovon, Novomber 21; 13m u Bay, No vember '22; Mount Bischoff, November 23, 24, and 2' After which they leave for Mel' bourue. Following the Hugos' the Taylor— Car- rington Dramatic Company will make their first appearance at the Academy of Music This company i3 numerically strong and their performances aro said to be very good. Their sea3on will commence with a spectacular [drama, entitled ' Ould Ireland'1 and the repertoire of the company includes besides other pieces, tho comedy of ' My Sweethearts' and the dnunaa ' Faust,'1 ' Erin go Bragh,' and ' Tho Mystery of a Hansom Cab.' Mr Henry Saint Maur's company opened to a full house at the Theatre Royal, Ilobart, on Monday last, His Excellency tho Governor and Lady Hamilton being among those present. ' The Candidate'1 was tho piece performed and it was re ceived with enthusiasm. Miss Seymour, who was with St. Maur when ho was last hero, is also a member of tho present xom pany, which includes, besides Mr St. Maun several psi-foi-mors well known to Laun ceston audience, namely, Messrs Carle, Itoberts and Dobnon, who were formerly members of the Holloway Company. On tho termination of this Hobart season Mr St. Maur will perform at Launcestom opening hero probably 011 tho second of next month. We have still 1 0 chronicle a continuation oE ' Hands Across the Sea' at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, by Mr Charles Warner and company with xindiminished success. The busino3s dono by the management with this piece promises to eclip30 all pre vious thoatric.il records in Melbourne, and already the takings have boen the largest known in that city. — At tho Princess Theatre ?' Mikado' Ins followed ?' Olivette' but will be withdrawn to-night for ' Mas cottp,' which will be playod for six nights. — Last Saturday night at tho Opera House, ' Carmen' was produced for the third time. The audienco was a large one and lavish in its applause for the performance, which was very good, and several of the singers re ceived au enthusiastic recall at tho termina tion of the opora. ' Carmen' was an-r nounced for repetition during tho week. — There has beon no change at the Bijou Theatre, ' Sophia' proving sufficient Co fill the houso nightly. — At the Alexaudar Theatre, on Saturday night, Mr Dainpier's company performed ' The World against Her' for the first time in Melbourne. The story of the drama i3, briefly, the estrange ment of a wife from her husband by the machinations of the husband's employer The wife leaves her home, followed by the villainous employer who persists in his en deavors to establish tome real causo for her disgrace, but as i3 usual on the stage a good Samaritan turns up who befriends the in nocent wife. Subsequently tho husband discovers that he had wrongly suspected his wife and compels his employer to de clare the innocence of the woman he had wronged, and the piece terminates happily to tho injured husband and wife. The piece was woll staged and well interpreted, and the largo audience received it with favor. Mr Dampier has ' Marvellous Mel bourne' in preparation. — Tho Jungfrau Kapelle maintain their popularity at the Athemeum. — Messra Hiscocks and Fried man havo roturned to Melbourne with their largo company of 52 performed of minstrel and variety business, and com menced a second season opening at tho Hibernian Hall on Monday night to a crowded and delighted audience. — The per formances at St. George's Hall and the Victoria Hall continue most attractive. — Miss Adelaide Detchon has given several lyrical and musical selections at the Ma sonic Hall, Melbourne, which havo been largely attended, and this lady has become very popular. — The exhibition of fireworks by Mr l'aiu on Saturday night was most successful and was witnessed by several thousands of persons. A second exhibition was given on Tuesday (Cup day) and a series of pyrotechnic displays are to follow. : 1 Last Saturday evening, at Her Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, Mr George Itignold assis ted by Miss Kate Bishop appeared with; much success in 'Tho Rajah; or the Col lier's Strike.' This piece was announced for production the previous Saturday; but owing to many requests ,' The; Lights' 6-' London' was played for a week.'though not with the success that' attended' its previous' production in that city.— Carrie Swain has / added another succo3S to her nlreadjr long list by her performance o£ Mab in 'The Miner's Daughter'' at the Royal. She is ?well supported and the performance com mands the most attention in Sydney at the present time. — Last Friday evening ' The Butler,' by Mr and Mrs Herman Alerivale, was produced at the Criterion Theatre in the place of 'In Chancery,' by Brough and Boiicicault's Comedy Company. This company has been augmented by llr A. T. Hilton, Miss Annie Taylor, Mr 13. C. Coilesse and llr Robert Inman, and the perform ance is highly spoken of. — The two music halls are receiving a fair amount of pat ronage, and the companies at each place of amusement have been strengthened by 'the engagement of Feveral good performers. — The Opera House is still untenaiited. . Jlr J£iln, who gave several high plass performances at Her .Majesty's Theatre, Sydney, has gone to Brisbane — The Adelaide Observer says that Jliss Amy Sherwin will give more concerts at Ade laide prior to her departure for India, open ing in the Town Hall in that city to-night. '. — Robert Inman, who was here with the IIoMoway Company recently, is now a member of Messrs. Brough mid Boucicault's ' Sydney Comedy Company. — Drama is being played by Bland Holt at Adelaide. ' Man kind' was the last production.— (Harry Richards is ' booming ' in Brisbane. — Mrs Bernard-Beer, of London fame, will visit Melbourne next year.— Mr Arnold is having a mast successful run in Queensland with 'Hans, the Boatman.' — Frank Olark 'has «ent to San Francisco for more new people,. ?who will appear in Melbourne shortly.— Harry Rickards is building a 'Variety Thentro at Sydney, near the Haymarket. — Gerald and Duff's Company are playing 'Barnes, of New York' at the Royal in Urisbane. — Worth's circus in Melbourne is taking immensely. — The Hicks-Sawyer Colored Minstrels have gone to New^Zea JUuid.— George Darrell is doing -well at Broken-Hill. He has produced successively ' Sunny South,' ' East Lynne,' and'' Hue' and Cry.' — Theatrical managers in Sydney are complaining at the ?extraordinary exodus of people to Melbourne, which has seriously affected the attendances at the theatres. — The Lynch Family .of Bellringers ore visiting the inland Victorian oities. — All the leading playhouses of Berlin are lighted by electricity. The Royal Opera House is illuminated wif.li nn fntunr t.linti 5000 glow lamps. The recent production in London of Rider Hagg&pds; ' She ' would appear toihave.been. ? somewhat qualified succeas. The con trast. indeed, between the high heroics of the terrible Queen of Ktir and the familiar modern speech of her English lover iis des cribed as bordering at times on the ridicu lous. The spectacular effects of the piece would seem, however, to have been very striking. The Brisbane Boomerang aoys that the 1'ort Darwin people wanted Harding to put, up ' Pinafore,' but the want of a. chorus of s&ilors; and marines seemed to stand in the wayofsueh a production. However, the British Nayy turned up in the shape of H.M.b. Myrmidon and Charlie theie-upon loaned part of the crew, and produced Gilbert andiSallivan's nautical farce. It is rumoured, says a Sydney paper, that tjiere is a strong probability of Mr F. If Cowen being knighted on his return to .England, in recognition of his services in connection with the Centennial Exhibition. The terribla .sacrifice which he made in accepting theoffer of theMelbourneCommia sioners surely deserves reward. On Friday, November 2, the ' Mystery of allansom Cab' was played by Messrs Gerald and Duff's Company at the Brisbane Royal, for the benefit of a cabman named William Law, who, it seoms, had his Jicence suspended for driving an effigy of a murdered man in his cab as an advertise ment of the play. The cabman had Etopped the practice when requested by the in spector to do so, but he resumed it on .Messrs Gerald and Duff's promising to take the responsibility. The traffic authorities then promptly suspended the cabman, amd hence the benefit. Vlhe Ghost in ' Hamlet' has often been referred to in support of the theory that! Shekespeare was a beJiever in purgatory, i Writing on this subject in one of the Eng lish /magazines, Mr. F. G. Burnand points out bfcat, whatever may iave been tho re ligiouc opinions of the great dramatist, the \ sentiments expressed by ' the majesty of '. buriedOenmark' are by no means such as an orthodox Roman Catholic, could pos sibly attribute to a purgatorial spirit. An American paper says Mrs. Langtry will, in all probably, rstire iisto private life after the fulfilment of the contracts already made for the coming season. She went upon tte stage to make mcuey, and has made it. From reliable resorees it is learned that hqr wealth is not far foam one millioE dollars. Her commigsion ito her Jate manager, George Keogh, who is now in Europe to look up and buy for her aasew Jilay, is iissignificaat, it is said, only in«o far as it is in investment. When she doe* begin her work it is probable that she will follow her usual custom of buying., property in every town where she appears, that she believes to be e thriving place. . This is the secret of her -accumulation of wealth. Her real estate is valued to-day at 800,000 dollars, and she has acquired it by her own shrewdness. In New York she ? holds sixty or more first, mortgage*, and sho also has considerable landed interests in Brooklyn, while in California and nume rous Western towns her name appears upon tho list of taxpayers and freeholders. In 1887 she bought ten. ncres of . land in Salt Lake City for 5000 dollars. Last season she refused 8000 dollars for the property. Her purchase of realty in California last year was 45,000 acres, for which sho paid 80,000 dollars. Lately she refused 200,000 dollars for the same. The now theatre in Berlin, which is named aftor the grpat critic and dramatist, Lessing, may bo called a model of beauty, safety, , and comfort. The pit can hold 056 persons, the first row of boxes 212, and the [ second 39G. The whole of fcke anterior is' built;of iron, and there are no galleries. From America the death, in his 75th year, is announced of W. Pi Davidge, an actor much esteemed in Shakespearian and old English comedies. He was an English man, and his earlier experience had been acquired on the British stage. But since 1850 he hid lived in America: . . (The London musical , world has lately been interested in a blind Spanish guitar player, who uses an exceptionally powerful instrument, with elovon strings instead of six. Most of the pieces he performs have seldom been attempted by any guitarist, such as Beethoven's famous ' Moonlight Sonata,' with its andante and ipathetic movements. The guitarist is only 21 years of age ; and, as his personality is most pleasing and childlike, the blind performer has a way of getting hold of the sympathies of his audience. Manjou (for that is his name) has been blindjsince he was 6 months old. But so exquisitely acute «re his other senses that he is a good eqv.estrain, as well as a good shot. In shooting .he is guided by the sound of a bell attached to the tar get, which enables him to fire in the right direction. The highest priced piano in America is owned by H. G. Marquand, of 3?ew 'York. The works were made by: Stoinway and; Sons; arid the case which was built in London, was designed and painted by Alma Tadema. It cost £0000. A volume, comprising some thirty hither to unknown compositions by Michael Haydn, brother of the composer of the ' Creation,' has recently been discovered in Salzberg. The manuscript is dated from 1777 to 1779. 