" - '(Boot) Stones. v The Mj/steriona Letter. V; , A .ffElIi ^AUTIXENTICATUD GHOST STORY. A party "of travellers on an Intercolonial steamship were telling ghost stories?'"1'The' Rev. Mr. Cryde'r of the Church of! England .wasof theparty. He.listencd. but did not talk'. When all the others had exerted all their-,ability in..the production- :of goose pimples, a facetious youth'urged Mr. Crydeiy who was'a man of much'dignity, to tell his experience. No one thought he would com ply. .-But he did. "t: " Ten'years ago,'? he said, " I was a poor curate in a "small" Berkshire village, where 'through the -influence of some friends, I received an invitation to preach atrial ser mon at one of the .London churches. No '.timd^to/toibeUdstvW'F-had'to' provide a substi tuto, arrange; myiueas, pack my things, !ind"everthing being at'lasi'in proper shape, I hastened to the railroad station to take the lightning'express for London;-! ~ H « -. s i \- V So absorbed was I~iri*thy thoughts, for a call to .London is an event in a young curnteVs -life, I may say the event, that I.paid nb'at'-' terition to. the surroundings, but suddenly: I noticed a person walking before me on tho plank road whom I .hail not seen'before..He, wns a stout, square-built, man,: with red whiskers and n I»ald head, who seemed to. suffor intcnsely from the heat, for he carried his hat in his hand and pulled out a large blue, handkerchief, no doubt to wipe .'the perspiration'.from his brow, for it was a very sultry August day. - i ,>'i: 5 In taking'out his handkerchief he dropped a letter. .: . i ; . , I picked it up to,give'it to him, whensud-;' denly I saw that the address was in my mother's ;hand-writing-my sainted mother's, who had been dead for more than five years. - j t ?. .'..?I stopped in surprise. I. rubbed my eyes;, but there-it was, niy! dear mother's well known"'writing, and the letter, was ad dressed-: : - . " '.To the REV. BENJAMIN Ckydeb, "\:v- ????'? " ' Stonebridge, T i" i"County of Berkshire, ?> i-ii.: ' ^ »England.'' " That waB I. . "There was no postmark on it, aud i did not know whether to open it or ask the red whiskered man for an explanation, when I . heard the shrill whistle of a locomotive and saw the train roll into the,station. I ran as fast as 'ray legs would carry iho-ran, as it were, for dear life ; for when I reached the; "station the train whb: gone,'and 'so was the letter. . I though t: ! must have dropped it. I hastened to the very spot where I hail found it, but in vain, and after;an .hour's needless search,, could do nothing, but telegraph to London and resign myself ? to my. fate, for it was ths last train on Saturday night, and I thought I had lost my only chancc.iii life;,..' " 1 Thy will be done,' I prayed that night, 'and if I am to remain a poor curate, let me thank Thee for Thy great mercy to have kept ina away, from the wickedness , of the great city and its manifold temptations.' " When next day I wentto church, bright with cheerfulness, my parishioners stared as if they had seen a ghust, and, the sexton rushed forward, grasping mo by both hands. " ' You alone saved, Mr. Cryder?' ; "'.Saved from what?' From the railroad wreck.' , "' I don't know of any railroad wreck. Has there been an accidcnts ?" ; " ' Why, the train on which you meant to go to London has been thrown down an em bankment', and nearly' every passenger killed !' , The ghost story tellers were speechless, and even the facetious youth did not dare to doub't the reverend narrator's truthfulness. " Did you ever obtain a clue to that mys terious letter ? ';Mr. Cryder was asked. ' " Never. I regard it as ati interference of my departed mother by special permission of Providence." ' i '; ?- . .. ".And how did it end ?" . " I preached in London on the next Sun day and was installe 1 as rcctor of St.-.--? Church a- fsw weeks after ward. i 