YULETIDE CUSTOMS. '.Christmas comes but once a year : ?? '.?'.'?' So let's be merry and make good cheer.' i . So runs the old : Yule song, and for centuries past people in all lands have been endeavouring to carry out the injunction. la no part of the globe is more attention paid to it than in Great Britain and her Numberless customs have, in the course of ages, been associated with this anniver sary, -some dating as far baok as the old heathen days, and others being gradually added up to theltime.pf ithe Reformation.-, ? ?: In-ftiose old 'day's'hpU8%keepers:had need to begin their pieparations ;betimes; lor a large;number of- guests had to.be provided' ?for, and, their resources were (to our ideas) extfenaely limited. ?'.' -.?? , ?'?' ; '. \ /?..'- /?,' .?-'?; .- From some of. the old chroniclers we glean a large amount of information re specting, theba customs. ! ? -.'???-. From one of these (Herrick); we iearn that the bringing in of the Yule, log was not by^ any means' the least important of Yuletide ceremonies. There were all kinds of ourious suptrstitionS: connected with the .'. teendirig ' or kindling of the Yule log, a. piece, of, ..the. previous year's-lpg:b'eing always preserved for this purpose.- '. ? ; Herrick thusrefers to the custom :— ' Kindlel'the Christmas brand,, and then .Till sunset let it burn, : -?';?:'' .;- Which quenohed, then lay it up again : 'I' Till Christmas next return. \, ?-' :;- - Pdrtmust be kept' wherewith to teend , ; The Christmas log next year; ?? j j ??? ' '?: \ Arid where 'tis . safely kept the fiend ; : ' , - - j Can do; no mischief. there.'? ' ' ? i Ibelieyei.that'.even 'now in some of the out-of-the-way parts of France: thissuper stition .still' exists, ,' the ? remnant ': of log, or some of -jits', ashes scattered about the homeBtead,;being supposed--+,b preserve it from thunder and lightning as well as keeping. disease away from; the crpps. : J. The old custom of -bringing in the '! borers hedde' (which by the way -I am told is still in existence at Queen's College,. Oxford)1' was a very imposing, ceremony. This aristocratic . dish f was generally brought in bythe' head cook in person, being served on a silver 'dish,- its entry . being greeted by a special carol sung by all the assistants. Amorigst . other dishes, now usually served than 'bore's hedde,' are mentioned plum porridge and a Christ mas pye for which dishes notable houser wives.- had each:, her own, peculiar and special recipe, which was highly.prized.and banded clown trorn mother to daughter as a valuable possession., Plum' porridge would scarcely, I think, suit our modern ideas 'of a choice dish, it being, so we are' told, a sort of thick, rich soup, resembling, - one : might imagine, the concoction that is some' times served by continental cook, when mak ing a first attempt at our national Christ mas pudding. As to the Christmas or mince- pie, an old writer .tell uj :— 'The, making_ of this is.a great ' scienca^ and ,-is ?.&?. learned' medley of neat's tongue, the brawn : of a chicken, eggs,8ugar,currants,citrori and orange peel, spices/etc.' Ajmixture not so very unlike our. own mince pies ; of the present day. .The dessert of the, period consisted, of jellies \of various.kinds, and; many curious sweetmeats;;- these 'dainties being washed down by kighlyspiced liquors, . Borne of 'which ; were most mysteriously; made ; the best, known and moat frequently used' o£ these beverages being ' wassail.'ii This delectable compound has boen'ih use till quite recently; some elderly people now living remember hearing their parents speak of partaking of ?. the ' wassail bowl' in their, younger days. In case anyone should feel disposed to try' this old fashioned beverage, it should be madeas follows .- — Into a large china bowl place some cloves, nutmeg; ginger, and tho strained pulp of some roasted apples ; then fill, up the bowl with hot ale. On Christ mas 'eve this bowl was baaded round solemnly to every guest, who was expeoted to partake of it. The younger members of the household got still further amuse ment from it, for by means of a ring thrown into the bowel, the lads and lasses would tell each others fortunes, so it will be, seen that although feasting and drinking were the first considerations at Yuletide, games and frolios of different sorts were very popular. ' Mummings' or maskings are frequently mentioned by old writers, and besides these were blindman's buff, forfeits, pactiein^ oharuis, cheBS, music, and dancing, as well as the telling of ghost and fairy stories on Christmas eve. 