CONGREGATIONAL UNION AND HOME MISSION. The half-yearly [?]of the Congregational Union and Home Mission of South Australia was held in the Congregational Church, College Park, on Wednesday. There was a moderate attendance of delegates, and in the absence of the Rev. S. Hebditch, through illness, the chairman elect (Rev A. Jones) presided. Tbe Chaiemas said tbey were that day de prived of the benign presence and wise words of their dear friend, the Rev. S. Hebditch. He hardly needed to tell those who knew him so well that they missed him greatly, and be felt sure that he would command their sympathies and convictions what he said that the first thing they ought to do at the meeting was to forward a" letter of sympathy to their dear brother in bis illness. The Seobetaby (Bey. J. C. McMichael) moved "that a lettof of sympathy be sent." The Bey. J. W. Jonb ; seconded the motion. He bad seen the Rev. Air. Hebditch that morning, wben he wished him to convey bis affectionate greetings to the brethren and bis regret at being unable to attend tbe Conference. The rev. gentleman teemed a little brighter than he was a few days ago, but he was still very iIL The motion was carried, and on tbe suggestion of Mr. J. J. Siuckkt it was resolved to forward a letter of sympathy to the North Adelaide Congregational Church. The subcommittee appointed to draw up the letter to Mr. Hebdi-ch presented Ueftllowiag, whicb wasadoptei:— ?The council of the Congregational Union now in hall-yearly meeting assembled have Hard with tbe deepest sorrow that not only is the meeting to be deprived of your presence and w&e; counsel, but that your illness is of a grave character to deprive as and the Christian community of your presence for seme time. Our feeling is one of deep sym pathy with yon and with your family. We have offered to tbe Father of all mercies prayer for His presence to be with you upholding you with Hie mighty band. May Hjb make His ctrength available for your, weakness, and His precious love in Christ Jesus tbe comfort -and joy of your heart in the midst of what would be otherwise a valley of tbe shadow of death. There is but one heart among us in regard to yon, and that heart is full of respect and affection. We know also that the same feeling pervades tbe community wherever your name is known. May the precious Lord restore you to your people and to yonr brethren in His own good time. If He orders otherwise may all coneolatien abound to yon and yours." Tbe half-yearly report of the executive com- Eoittee?tated that six meetings bad been held dnrioirtbe term mentioned. The illness of the Bey. Mr. Hebditch was referred to with re gret. Tbe Bey. W. B? Fletcher, M. A., was con gratulated on bis return from bis trip to India. Tbe Bey. C. Hodge had accepted the pastorate of the Pott Elliot Church, and was successful in bis work. In August of last year a letter was received from Mr. James Port, of Silver ton, urging the claims of Broken Hill upon tbe committee. After a time a special fund was started with considerable su;cess, and rteps taken to commence operations. The Rev. B. K. Mackay, of Warmambool, Victoria, opened the work, after the visit of tha Rev. S. Hebditcb, and bis success from the first was assured, and before be left an allotment of land was purchased, and a room to bold 300 and suitable formitsion work was erected. An earnest invitation had been given by the com mittee at Broken Hill to the Bey. Mr. Mackay to accept the pastorate, and he had complied with their wish, and would commence bis p?a-. torate in May. There was every probability cf a Urge building being required very shortly, as it was quite certain that a Large and inereatiDg population would soon be cettfed in the district. The finance committee in their report for the 12 months ended Match 31, ISSS, stated that they commenced tbe year with a debit balance of £90 9s. 4d. Tbe toUl receipta bad been £3456*. lid., and the expenditure £41110 a., increasing- the debt of the Union by £6645. Id. This was accounted for by tbe fact that five quarters of grants bad been paid, one being overdue at the beginning of the year. The eranimttwi reported tbat they had received £15 from a friend through the j übOee committee. Thehalarjc&ebeetof; the Congregational and Home Miauoa Society thawed:—Donations, £92 3s. 3d.; proceed* of meeting*, £21 17*.; ladies' sisodsrioa, £22165. 8d ; loan property rommittee, £150; due Bank of Adelaide, £6 13s. £d. Credit—Bank of AAJy^ £90 9*. 4d.; expenses half-yearly and annual meetings, -£1816s. 9d.; grants to churches, £363; sundries, £Sol3r. 3d. Tbe report of tbe property sub committee stated tbat tbe sum of. £23215n IOdL bad been reeeved from tbe trustees of Union College. Of tbisJEi?O had been Jest to &s; nnaaoe com mittee of the Union, and the balaso* w?b in tbe Savings Bask. An additional amount of about CBOO would probably be received as the co?uctttaeV ebsre of the remaining assets ot the ooltees. An additional loan of £200 had been made to toe TV^tPirijt rJiijrfJi^ pmfr Pffi !??/} bee? paill off by thorn on th? former loan. Baiidmg saciety shares bad been Uksn on account of that church for the repayment of £100. The Sordertownobuxcb bad veyidtbe hajsnra of loaa^lcasanaaicuatto be received from the jubilee fund bonus), and the chucoh would be free of debt, although its afaanes ia tbe boil ling society,had not jet matured. Tbe ai*.i?j?wi church bad not' been able to keeo up its payments. The loan U the Kadint chuich, fox which it held its own build ing society shares, was promised to be repaid during tbe present month. The present state of tbe funds was approximately as follows:—Loans to cfecrche*, £2 000; other securities, £400 ;t3aviEgs Bank, £60=£2.470. Building society ?haiea were held tor most of the loans, and on these about £730 (exclusive of profits) had been made. lbs stawWits sab-committee recommended that fund* be ooltected tern former subscriber! and other* to oarry on colk?e work. The Bey. W.B. Fletober had consented to prepare a scheme for the education of students. The turn of £23215 a. 10d. had been received from tbe trustees ?f Union College. The Jubilee committee stated that in order to bring the jubilee work to a satisfactory con clusion an earnest anneal by circular was ad dreesed to ail the churches asking them to re ceive a deputation during the month of Marsh, and a list of appointments was.made out, together with the names of those sriUtng to act. Owing, however, to the few replies re ceived the scheme bad to be abandoned. The plan of granting bonuses to country and suburban churches on all amounts raised for tbe payment of church debts had acted as a healthy stimulus to eevaral churches, aidingshem to improve their financial position. Owing to the exhausted state of tbe general funds they were for the present unable to continue substantial help, but an earnest effort was being made to increase*tbe amount of the general fund. .The Hon. J. H. Angas bad kindly anticipated his promised giftfby contributing a sum, amounting with previous fiftf. *? 10 Pfr cent on £20.000. It was desirable that tbe contributions should be in creased so as to meet Mr. Angae'a gift. The total receipts received on behalf of the jubflee fund since its inception amounted to £11,000. Tbe annual report of the Parkin trust for presentation at the annual meeting was read. It stated tbat the net income for tbe past year had amounted to £660 3s, 9<L, as against £569 Se., the income for tbe previous year. The pressure of tbe times had somewhat affected the trnrt, ?ad in tbe absence of any desirable ecearitiesaeonsideraMe amount had been placed on deposit in the bank. Three out of the four houses were let, but the governors were obliged to accept very low rentals to meet tbe times. One feature of the year's opera tions was the sale to the Government of land repaired for the railway from Palmenton to Pine Creek. This railway passed through a laige block of country land near Palmenton "belonging to the trust, and tbe governors accepted the Government valuer's price, £75. The governor of the Parkin Congregational Mttaon of S.A. gave tbe subjoined informa tion to the council:—The Parkin mission was sow foSy organised. The objects of it* existence were first to pay certain Jgg'v*'"' to reJativei cf Mr. Parker ; second, to distrfbate tbe Earn of £LOO annually to 20 poor widows of tbe Co?grfgationa! body; third, to establish Congregational missionaries is the country districts at a -distance of not less than 20 miles from any exieiijig Congregational Church, and to provide stipencu for such missionaries. To amwiplifch the object* Mr. Parkin had put in. lost certain properties in .Bundle street which produces £1,400 a year. The governors of the mission were five in number, and at present mrnHstfd of Mr. Win. Parkin (presi dent), the Eeve. F. W. Cox. C. Manthorpe, and Messrs. A. Adamson and J. F. Oonigrave The Bey. F. W. Cox read an interesting paper on "The Congregational Churches of the same city or neighborhood—how to unite them in closer bonds of brotherhood." Toe leading of the address provoked adisensnoa, in the course of which suggestions were thrown out for more closely uniting the people together in the common bonds of brotherhood, and the tone of Mr. Cox's paper was generally ap proved. Mr. J. Pobt. of Silverton, draw the atten tion of the council to the spiritual wants of the Barrier district, and pointed oat that as large towns were springing up at Thacka ringa, Euriowie, Waukaroo, and Pomamoota, missionary agents should be appointed to labor at those places. The difficulty was, of course, tbe expense, but they must not rest satisfied whh opening a church at Broken Hill, as the work should be extended. Tbe Bey. W. B. Fuexchbb stated that at present they could not ecclesiastically annex tbe Barrier district. Tab difficulty wis the expenses. The question was further discussed, and Mr. Port was thanked for hi* infor xcation. half-yeaS5F address. InibeevanJitt the Bey, S. Hebditch'e half yfArly presidential f"?T> on "Obnieh life in 4he colony from a 'ff"faa;tinn^ point of view' was re?rt in his absence by the Rev. W. E. Fletcher, M. A. An abstract ia appended :— TVTTCI^COr.V. YiLtti 1 tvi,k the chair of your assembles last year I thought it incumbent on me not to restrict your view to any sectional or denomi national interests, bat entering into the spirit of the Imperial and the colonial jubilee, as well as of oar own, to point nut the place and func tion of religion in the development of national life. To-day I shorten the radios of the circle, and look at thing? nearer home. I propose to consider the church life of this colony from the denominational point of view, not to compwe the denominations as to the sound ness of their polity or the Scriptaralness of their theology or the quality or extent of their work, bat to look at the picture they present as they lie side by eide in this land. CHUBCH LIFE IN AUSTRALIA. Like political, eociai, industrial, literary life in Australia is English life modified by Australian conditions. Strong as the reform ing and radical tendency ia, the conservative tendency is stronger, and that especially in the sphere of religion. " See thou make all things after the pattern showed to thee in the Monnt" is an order ever ringing: iz> the ears of the constructors of the social and religious life of these colonies—the Mount being the old country. Blessed is, perma nent be, this tendency. Let colonial life ever toot in English life, and draw thence its best inspirations. But let it not be slow to discover and take advantage of its own special conditions. The happy absence of a State Church exempts us from an irritating controversy; the scarceness and paucity of the population limits and, in same cases, forbids denominational propaganda | _ the freer thought excludes suspicion and bitter ness from doctrinal discussion; the bright skies and exhilarating air, undarkened by the spectre of "the hungry millions" that mars the joy of England, ought to give a glad and happy air to oar religions character, while the charm of the opportunity thould unite all in the grand endeavor to lay the foundations cf these rising kingdoms on the solid basis o(-the law and love of God. Whether the denominations which have come hither have thus understood their position or no it is a grand thing that they are here. Nothing struck our late visitors so much as the universal presence of churches in town ships great and smaU over the whole of the districts they traversed. Dr. Dale often spoke of it to me as evidence of the survival and the Btrength of the Christian faith in these lands, despite all the scepticism of the times, and he wiH make no email use of this fast ia bit defence of Christianity at home. Denomi nationaliFm has undoubtedly taken firm and broad hold of Australian life, and is a greit factor in it. DENOMDTATIOKAL STRENGTH. A very unattractive title some will say. It couples a good thing with a bad. It desires that to be strong which were better weak, and that to live which were better dead. Denominations—are they not the reproach of our times, the grief and sore of all true Church men! Not longer ago than the bishop's valedictory Sir John Downer said, amid cheers, "more ardent than reflective, that "he hoped the day was not distant when the very word denominations would be a thing of the pact." The- worthy knight and those who cheered him could hardly have weiirhed the words he need. The day is distant, very distant; the Greek Kalends will be here firjt. Alexander, Caesar, Charlemagne, Napoleon, dreamed of the universal empire of their several swords, and the dream troubled the world, Bildebrand, more ambitious, put the crown on the crozier, and dreamed bolder dreams of a universal sod supreme church. Can that be repeated? Can any clericJ brain ever dream it again ? Is the man barn, or going to be bom, that will have the (kill to construct such a scheme? The day, Sir John, is not near; God must first unmake man and annul his responsibility. So long as man is man—an individual, moral being, responsible to God only for his faith and hta conduct—to long the religious life of the world will exhibit variety, and the religions people of the world, following deep laws of affinity and sympathy, will crystallize and group themselves around their own centres, each Rrorp in its own way seeking to plaaie | and serve the Lord and to complete His ! fcisgdem. Bat this is do apology for d^oomi nationalism as it is. In it there ia much to deplore and condemn. ELXKKKIB ASD COSTHTKHSB OF STRENGTH. 'What then are the elements and conditions of denominational strength? The answers to this question which a dozen different pezaoos would five would disclose great diversity. Toe standard of one would be numbers, of another wealth, cf another culture, of another political and Etcial influence, of another legitimacy. None of these are true standards, A? the churches are profescedly the several divisions I asd EabdiviEi?bf of "the sacramental ho* of God's eltd." that is to be accounted the Etrccgeet before whom tile Kiss's ? enemies most quickly fall, and by whom His kingdom is better? ed.Tbefir*tc?nditionof den oainaU^aal etrecpth i? a, right to U —a sufficient rat.-,** ditrc Each Christian denomination professes two thiegs—fust, that it holds all the esseutisl ! truth* of the common faith; and, secondly. ' tbat it is charged with the special cue and advocacy of sane particular doctrine or prin ciple of polity denied, overlooked, ot uader esticiaUd by all the rest. Now, the right of any denomination to exist is to be sought among these specialities, and not among the articles of the common creed. The churches live and act before each other, and aIC of them before the world. Public opinion ia a tribunal to which even the churches are ameoabla. Pervaded as that opinion is by a sense of the reasonable, the right, and the fair, the churches most expect their ways to be more and more canvassed and ir>6aenced by it CHUICH BOim AND BTTOAL Eat, in fact, the denominational differences are not largely doctrinal, "Justification by faith" ni indeed the lever by which Luther overturned the Papacy,' and is still, aa he said, the ariieulu* ttamtii vet eadentit tedetvv. Its denial fixes a yawning chasm between the Papal acd Protestant Churches which can never be filled np. No, it is from questions of polity, orders, ritual. Church relationship and management, that denommationaUsm springs. Tnece involve action, and action re gulated by different principles lead* to oolliion and deadlock. Some churohes ace autocratic some oligarchic, some democratic. Lay power as traced throughout the denomination.) it a very variable quantity, and its place and function and relation to the pawer of the ministers is in tome quarter* * matter of chronic debate. This question. I believe, is the main difficulty in the fusion or confedera tion of the various Methodist bodies of the colony, an eva devoutly to bi wished, and j rarely not beyond hope. Touching both doctrine and polity it the very troublesome question of "orders" and tbe sacraments. Still, still, after centuries of refutation and disproof a vast proportion of the so called Christian ministry stand high and haughty in a position of exclusive privilege, alleging and maintaining (hat they an the sole possessors of the qualification and tbe right to preach the Word and to administer the sacraments; that this sol? right has come down to them from tbe apostles, and will flaw on to the end of the world only in the sami channel; all others, however able, holy, and useful, to be regarded as intruders, usurpers, acting without warrant and without promise of blessing, whom it is a duty to due wage and oppose, and whom it may be a virtue to denounce. LOCAL BEASOKS FOB CHTJEOHts. I have been endeavoring to show that a denomination to Le strong must have'eufti cient reason for it* existence. I add that it must also have a sufficient local ration d'Urt. Most every bank in Kiag William street and every retail firm in Bondle-etreet reappear in the little townships of the colony! Must they also have their North terrace of doctors, and their Pirie-street of brokers? The world is too tbrewd fcr euch felly. I would the children of light were equally wise. It ia not unuaual to see in tbe townships of South Australia as many chnrchea as there are hundreds of in. ] habitants — three, four, five ecclesias tics! structured of various styles and names — any one, certain!? any two ot which would accommodate all the j worshipping portion of the population, j . Subdivision i? starvation. There is not enough of anything-—of gingers, of teachers, ] of officers, of givers. The Gr;sat Presence is I know promised to " two or three," and some of j these little places have thereby bzea made little heavens' below. But that is only, when iLf two or thrf? are gathered together in Hii Dwre, and that conoiTi-^a, I venture to nay, it Dot fulfilled when, as is somei^es too obvious, the re&ton; of the third or fourth uCDomina lional arrival is not that the Gospel w£s fis* folly and adequately preached there, but that i its own f peciality was not exhibited there. In populous towns let church rise by church and | every Christian conviction embody itself, and ; let each anticipate growth where growth is probable. But if denomination Ais already doing Cbriet'e work and diffusing His spirit in a district sot likely to require more, I say to dem mutations B, C, D, hasten not thither, A CHUBCH'S WITNESS. : Another condition of strength in a denomi nation is that it shall appreciate its own witness. Having a raison d'etre it shall believe it to be good, bold it firmly and with all regard to the proportions, and the charities' advocate it strenuously, if one body believes itself charged with tie custody of a Calvanistic theology or a Presbyterian regime; or with Arminian theology and a Methodist regime; or with the priestly of *Jif? ministry and an Episcopal regime; or with*witness against all official ministry and for the Adelphian regime; or with the autonomy of j each church and the Congregational regime, let them not be ashamed, but all possible dear nw? into their fi^ff and a^ force into tbcsr convictions. Whatever yon be, be. In the camp ot Tiirael every tribe had its flag, and' every man stood by his standard. In our own'j denomination it v not unnecessary to insist on 1 this condition. We are weak through in appreciation of the importance of oar ova witness. The substance of that witness in si cblis'e that it c-jgbt to oroase Ih ? liaiait enthusiasm. A not unimportant element in denominational strength is AN APPROPRIATE NAME. In nomenclature the step from the Bublim? to the ridiculous is very soon taken. Some denominational names err and ofiteni by tbe assumption they involve. "Tan Catholic Church" notably, for everybody knows or might know that it in not tha Catholic Church. "The Catholic Apostolic Church " astume? that other churches are not Apostolic "Tbe Church of England" in England and her ofUhoots in the colonies are meat reluctant to part with the time honored and dear name. But put with it they rcoet. The common sense of the woil4 will not allow one of many true churches in England to claim to be known all over the globe as the Church of Englani. For tha same reason territorial titles will have to be discontinued. While the Church is linked to the State in England we must endure the terms "Provinces of Canterbury" and "York," with "Archbiehopa" of the same, and all the grotesque sign manuals which the biehops are obliged to ui-e. W. M. " E'jjr," J. B. "Dnrham," C. J. "Gloater aal Bristol," " Saturn." "B?th and W-jIU," "Sodor and Mao," &c;, &c.; But why j.?'?r petuate the assumption here? Is Bun >p ! Barry, the Primate of Australia, or erea Bishop of Sydney* Is Dr, Goe Bishop of Melbourne, or Dr. K?nnion of AdeUid^Y I Emphatically no! They are able, exsaltant, j ?iid faithful adherents of their own Church in these regions, bat that mean? only of a portion of the population, many of whom do not desire nor will accept their church system. On like cround I object to understand by the word " Churchman" a member of the Anglican or xtoman Church. CNFAIK AND GROTESQUE KAMBS. Neither should there be any reflection cast by the choeen name. Am I not a " Hiale Christian V Am I not a " Disciple of Christ V Am I not a "Chrietian Disciple?' Am Ia at a " Brother ?" though not bora first or secondly in Plymouth ? Am I not a Baptist, who have baptised many hundreds, and was myself bsptieed amid tbe fervent prayers of a mother, who bad been immersed, and a father who had not—prayers which specially asked the honor of the holy ministry for their son? Ta-s ?bfair and often grossly uncharitable use of denominational names, however hie 1* Eounding and grand, is really a weakness, for all unreality is weakness. The denomi national name should indicate the point of difference — Papil, Protestant, Episaopil, Presbyterian, Methodist, prefixing or adiing a bint of the subdivision, historic*!, psrsoaal, constitutional, as the case may hi. Fa-n would we ever co use the word congregation sit of tbe gieat ticary body so governed, and I hope it is never forgotten that between the Baptitts and ourselves there is abeoluUJy no difference except that of baptism. the coinxa or rnstsr. , Brethren, I believe in tbe coining of the Lord, the spfedy coming of the Lird. I am cot a PraemillenniaiiEt; I do not know that I am a MiUcnniali>t at aIL But I do beliere in the great promise by which the L >rd Jecus balanced the announcement of hi* de parture —"I will se* you again." " I will n ?>*, leave you bereaved, I will como to yciru" We have not duly considered the significance of the form in which the promise of power w*s girea. We pray for increase on planting and water ing, for blessing on the ministry of the Word, for an outpouring of the Holy Ghost. Bat the r*omi?e is that tbe King will make tbe kingdom— ?? Thine the kingdom, thine the power." " I asu with you always." Is there any present eign that the Lord wham wo seek is coming to Hie temple ? I thiak there ip, and will in a few sentences try to show wh?t I mean. bOLUIN SIGNS OF THE TIMES. The times are profoundly intererting. I do not cay alarming, but full of solemn signs which one must be blind indeed not ti rhtcrrn. The nineteenth century, approach ing ita tenth decade, ia uoqa"Stionably tbe greatest since tbe Advent, because of the breadth and depth, the variety and silence of its revolutions, the momentum of vhich increases with the years. From eom<? Murce time has come into man's spirit a wonderful awakening—like a resurrection. Ha ha* opened bu ejem on bis world and on him self, and, as waking from a dream, asks wt?t it all means ? Working revolution every whore, this spirit shows i?-twidnese and poveranj probable issun chiefly in tbe spiritual sphere. As to fotma ot belief, they are changing every, where. TfcU spuit haa loosened the ru*cy (crews of an iron Calvin i&n.;, whereat Mr. Spurgeon— brave and faithful man that he i?, thrcfb Kistakcr.—takes alarm, ami erf-*, *'Icfcabod.'" The corfiict of the maefe'eci* ct?taty njisd with first cntary trnth a?-w ccibg on is tfa? sabliaieat t?rba|ja thatoarib baa tvei cfiered to the gfc/.; <.-f a wondering HcbVfn. It Chrittiaaity can be overthro-KD it will be now. TradituoaUam wuo't save it. The whole pomp and p.w.r of th? I'jLi*cy j.ed its imitations will be urept aride %ah Hue csf^eoipt doe iJ : hupe and weak id ixwrcie. ho tr^f cirdcr tf aja^r^Uts ? likily tv arise niUi nighty j?a and tongas wo Lii.£ everywhere convici.loo for dotrbt, nor rr.ny we hope fnr any o?w race ?>( prt*ch*i? or any break-up and reraodei. lin? of tbe method* of tbe kioadom. Pro phecy tints tbat good and evil will heal up into two peivooaltie* for tha tiaal en ccustcr. Some expect a personal Anbooriet, "tee man of em,"to falfiJ aU tbat it written of him in tbe 2 Thrsaalonians, including bia cm doom. Is his tame near? If so, eqailip Bear mnat be tbe bngbtnesc of His comio? who will extinguish him with a breath. Bat Uit cafe to rely on this ? Can you imagify such % person, or tbat his advent is at band? Or such a visible encounter display as that wjuld necessitate? Still Icm ooooeivable is the ap pearance of any each John or Elijah aa th? case KOTure?. What then? Toe emit mint tnd. The movement v so iouneniety eericvE for all human interests that it mu?t pause and aonMtbing like a new order of things n.u*t arice. Thi? pelting storm of eceptia?m is not to be eternal; tbe animaliim heard in the growl cf the blasphemous sceptia?m of Inglesant, the truly touching lament* of scholarly pessimism, tbe painful dutracti'in of millions of believers, all tell that the long catntuty of anxious enquiry will end in athnn t tion. A discmtion followed, and a vite of thanks was accorded the Her. Mr. Hebditab for hi* interesting paper, and it was decided to take tUpe to ?tt it priaUd. 