Two Ways; of a siring MISS DOLLY S LESSOK IN LOVE. 'Tears, idle'*earsj Niobe dissolved ! My dear child, what on earth is the matter ?' Time : Fonr, of a summer afternoon. Place : A pretty boudoir, furnished in the fashion of to-day, modelled on the style of Louis Quinze, with a dash of ' Liberty' thrown in, and modern accessories, each as crystal flower vases, three -volume novels, and photograph stands, 'juxtaposed with Queen Anne silver and knick-nacks ancient and modern. Dramatis Person:? : A grace ful figure in white, tlung with an air of desola tion on the floor beside the sofa, her charming nuque visible beneath delicious little rows of golden curls, faer( frame shaken by sobs ; an ??Ider worrfin standing a. few yards distant, dark, beautifully dressed, 'gooil-lookinc enough for anything' without being dis tinctly handsoirm, aged somewhere within the right side of thirty, and wearing an ex pression half compassionate, half amused. There is a suspicion of raillery in her voice, which is felt and deeply resented by the fair sorrower. Anger is often akin to sorrow as pity is to love, (and the voice which responds to the question when reiterated is decidedly petulant ' I wish you would go away and leave me alone.' ' I shall not do anything of the sort.' re turns the other. 'I am going to talk to you, and I do not care in the least whether yon are angry or not, although I had much rather you would take my remarks in good part.' 'Oh,' responds the voice still smothered in the sofa cushions, but losing nothing of its resentful quality. ' I know how clever you are, and that you think that you can manage every T)ne*s-affaira agrsat deal better than themselves.' „, 'She intends this to-ie'.a 'nasty one,' and, as a matter of fact, it does not fall very pleasantly on the jears of her. interlocutor; but she »its down' oh the sofa and replies with good humor : * Well, tny love, I may confidently say that I could manage your affairs a great deal better than you manage them yonogstf, and that if I were you I would hrfreiMr. Oleraeiit Lascellea at my fert in a.' very short time.1 ' ' Perhaps you have himjthere now '.'.'save the prostrate one, ceasing to sob and trying to sneer instead. ' Well, Dolly dear, to tell you the truth, I fail myself to recognise' in that young man the charm whioh I iobserve he -has for — for some people ; indeed, I consider liim a poseur, with an exasperatingly good opinion of him self, and, if you ask my candid opinion, I think that lie would be all the better for bsing kic — ' Dorothy, flounces up in a moment. 'I ?will trouble yop;not': to insult my friends,' she cries, with flaming cheeks. ' And it is not very easy to believe your sincerity when he was sitting in your pocket all, last night, and yon were out walking with him for two iivun mm inyniiBg.; ? y ; j ' j * / 'In any case,' replies Mrs. Dalton coolly, ' your remarks prove that I have had ; time and opportunity to form , an opinion of his qualities. . I don't deny that ho is good looking, but it is Intolerable . that he should be so conscious of it. I admit that he is not without a certain amount of cleverness, aud has beenffciriywell-educated, but I violently . object to his thinking himself able to sit in judgment o^ people a .good, deal -older and cleverer thaapiuvaelf.' ; ', '?..'?- 4 ? On youi for instance !'? cried Dolly. 'No, I was not thinking of myself, though Z admit the soft impeachment {the one re garding my age, at least) ;' and what I dis like most bf all is, bis plaiting himself on a pedestal to be looked at and longed for by — by pretty, silly littlo girls, who ought to lniow better.^ ? r\\- - Dollyshffens her back, and says, with an assumption of dignity which sits indifferently well upon jher, ,Vjf you, will excuse me, I should prefer 'not discussing Mr. Lascelles with yon. Yen are perfectly welcome to 'your opinion of him, and I claim the liberty of retaining mine.' Then, -her majesty sud \- denly topplinR , over, ehe says vindictively, in quite a different tone'of voice. ' Perhaps yon tbtnk1 -I ; am such a fool I don't' see . through your mean abuse.of him ?' 'That! may win and wear him myself ?' «umests Mrs. Pat6n^titJij|io^%iioiorcdly. '? No, my^dear, and , acute. child? Relieve me, yon have not toKpmed., and; nnma8ked any baseness this time.' I know^your dear and sensitive little heart 4s feetiifpQnthiBtascinat ing young.jnan* I don't think there is really anyhanri in him,' and I am magnanimous «nonjj^to'^^8aT!y~io^how--yon- iiow to obtain his afieotipnsMand^feQ^ make ..him the 'Suppl^uwnlSeeX^llyt with fresh flatnes from her burning heart aiceuiling to' . her cheeks. '' . ' { ?c.\sf6*Y ?«?{';. ?,,-., ? . 'Yes, suppliant. 'Every one, my love, his .smUeSf wnS31&nhir; when lbs. is indif» ferent or oapriciouB.9 WistbnakWj^ly^bmlntely speechless. If looks, etc, Mrs. Dalton would, etc. . ?'Don'tWi^ose. Bolly,'1 i^sumes her 1 friend, not having suffered any viBible injury . XPODS 'wv( iiflttifa^mn jfeMDQGS Sp WxllCIl fBnQ ^'flftS reap 9be advantages of my 8upenprs*ge' and; ??Keepiihem to yourself!' retorts Dolly, ? ??.?:. ? tartly.' ??' -*?' ' r~;-!r ~i - * 'ThefiMtlmuk^ Whether or no, but the 1sitef*!«t^''yOTtB^^ 3™1 *»ow lam fj^rf|yon^elieve me when I say I jronld not have your enchanter ? -as a gift, and also, that^I ^am desirous to see him anbjugated by yon. He shall lie yours, I promise..«nd. X will, only .make one con . Itolly WjiljerseH oti lie sofa, and allows Mrs.i)5ltoa)t^ kite her liaud, though she , looksj^rathej^Btilky,. '^till, ,'ehe: does, poor : little girl, 'fegdrd'^fr. Clement -LafecelieB Sis the^nt;prinin the marriage lottery, and is willing^, take upon faerself bis part of -? ..- For inasniairWay she. isVn heinsss; though he is not destitute/pf imoney.- and has an excellent position. t|Xnttb/i(- $etll, the yonng man is not what is called Vl a bad sort' ; he ? . has good looks, good brains and good man -l -. aer^vTiwheniilieiisAaibtKegged^ pn.tp take W»rties*v^»e wily flatteries of the other BBX.VEbbfDdllyj loves Mm madly, and has , . innocenUyiliS^tftirpleaBUre in his notice an4ftar Bufferings at ;hisv neglect. Mrs. IMton}haTih^^n^edto:«iv£! due 'effect to her srbKUViJ&lly;, jtfter » moment, is con «tndued*o say rather sulkily. ^Well !' '^oanmstStakeith^yow first!*' ?. -? / v 'Whatvqw^* wj^^lentirritotion. 'The vow sever tpjtell any human being —Mr. lAseeUes least of all— that L or. for the matter of that, any one, advised you how to act toward him.' i '.''.'.' ?? Oh, of coarse, I promise.' , 'Promises are like 'piercrnst,' replies Mrs. Dalton ; then, with an air of great solemnity, she goes y^o^a small bookcase at the lend of the room, and' comes hack' with a Bible. 'You must kiss the book,' she ? ' says. ? .- ?;? '?. ? '?? V- ?* '';x-.V :?'' 'Oh, bo,' cries Dolly,, fnghtened. For ?he knows that «ke never kept a -secret in herJIfe, and is terrified at being put on an oath wMoh-pbe i may break In spite of herself, . ?? '/'^fBwjHcwM^.- ' &/;??? *?,-',.? ?-' ? ';V?*Or*^*' Mrs. Dalton, ^rm!y, 'do yonwantliitnordoyonBot?' .iSS^^jttftrj1!?**'?' M her eyes, ?'' ?- 'The. kiss *he book.' ?--?,' ? '? .,;.. '^bthow3S;lMi-Wtthere is*nyihing in . Jirbafeyonaifgoing to tinier; saysdonbt ;.; ' * - yst^«SmiieIa«y*o. ' - Do I not 'know the ''.,,,' ^Uytiikes the booki trembling. 'What am I to say!' she falters. ... * ' - ??????V;\ - :*^.iifCiiinwao«^t!#iQ^9mfe^u. ::., \ celle% or^fcAi^jnther penpiiti,that iMariani ''--. ,T Daljtofli«d»i»ei me how to win his affec '??'?? ^.];*imV''r::^y-' ?-.-: ?'??-?. ...'?' '*?*'' ' ~ ? . : I^^^jfjflnujaaa desperate gesture Dolly .'--,' Vi iWjL, jibe; ijbook, ;and . repeats the formula. . ''Now-then 1' she cries excitedly. \- ~: ?? . .. : sto/'«Balton stakes : .tin her parable. .. /'aen^tis really Jond of yon-4e wonld ??:? ?? be «xoeedingly fond of yon, if you only 5 allowed him?' ,i 'H I«U6iroaiuml'gMpi Dolly. ' -?* - ^ f . -. .. ?' r ??^ir^'; ' ??'?.*r ? i '? ' Yes,' repeats her adviser. ** l'y allow ing him I dou't mean throwing yourself at his head and shoving him that you a:lore him ; but by making him doubt ynur love and his own c^picitv for pleasing you. Dif ferent men want different treatment. There is nothing so delightful to some as to see and know that a worn :u cares for th«i:i — it adds ten-Md to their devotion for her ; bnt I urn bnnud to say these men are in the minority. Most cf them arc far more stimulated by doubts and fears — the woman becomes inure dear as she scums more ilistaut, and. as a rule, when a inau is literally crazy about o!ie of our sex, it is because she lias worried .and tormented him and kept him on a p-rpetn-il balance between hope and fear. Now yo:«, and others like you, have so hung upon Ciemcut Lascelles' looks and \rorr]?, have so positively shown him that he is a great being, has a l»fty intellect, a rival to A|m!l-i, that it is not likely lie is coining olF_ his pedestal to worship bis worshippers. Your only chance, my dear, is to abandon your worship ; to counterfeit indifference .as best you may, and to let a gradual aud startling conviction come over him that you were not really in earnest after all.' 'It is very easy to talk,' pouts Dolly ' It is very easy to act, too,' returns Marian. ' if you are positively certain that your plan of campaign is going to bs suc cessful.' ' How do I know that it will be ?' 'Try it for twenty-four hours, and see how it work.' ' But don't I know what I am to do.' ' You must be absolutely guided by me, and not act one moment on your own re sponsibility.' 'I daresay it will turn out all wrong,' says Dolly, ungraciously, 'and that I shall lose him altogether.' ' All rightj' replied Mrs. Dalton, losing patience aud rising from her seat. 'Do as you like. After all, what on earth does it matter to me whether you are happy or miserable ? Go your own way.' Dolly springs up and catches her by th-j arm. ' No, no, Marian, don't go ; don't be angry. I will do whatever you tell me.' 'Then hearken and obey. Dick Wynd hatn is coining to-night. You know he is rather fond of you. Talk to him, and to him onty, all the evening. Do not glance in Mr. Lascelles' direction ; I will keep my eye on him, and report to you how he takes it. If be approaches you in the evening look bored and distrait, and reply to him be monosyllables. ' 41 1 shall uever be able to do it,' groans Dolly. ' Not with such a big stake to win?' (a little sarcastically). -'Ah ! yon don't know what it is to love!' cries. Dolly. ' Not as you do, certainly,' retort3 Mar ian, with an inflection of voice of which Dolly is not acute enough to catch. Dick Wyndham arrives in time for dinner. ,He is rather lond of Dolly — he is exceed ingly hard up, and wants her money even more than her sweet self. He is bright and annising, has a considerable fund of small talk, it devoted to sport, aud has not Mr. Lacelles' esthetic taste or lofty manner of showing superiority. He has a genuine -con- tempt for a man who talks art and plays classical music, as Mr. Lascelles has for one who thinks of nothing but shooting, lawn tennis,- and polo, though he rides fairly straight and is an average shot himself. Not a littlo disgusted is Lascclles, there fore, when Dolly, (whose sorrowfulness and its cause have greatly soothed his compla cency for the last twenty-four hours, seems to have eyes and ears for no one but this half-witted soldier at dinner. She is look ing charming in a'dress] of a delicious apri cot tint, which he has not seen before (he is a great connoisseur of dress) ; if he could only catch her eye, he would, beam on her one of those glances which would have in toxicated her maiden soul. But whereas it has been his wont to meet her tender, plead ing -glances every two minutes heretofore, to-night he might bs ' Banquo's' ghopt, and she one of 'Macbeth's' guests, for all she seems to eee him. His memory serves him up various sneering, and savage quotations on 'the theme of souvenijemme varie. He is, so little congenial to his neighbor at dinner that she expresses the most unfavorable sentiments regarding him in the drawing room later on, causing Dolly to halt between the desire to defend him hotly, and a' sense of pleasure that some one beside herself has suffered from his coldness. Mrs. Dalton makes a pretext for calling Dolly aside. ' Excellent, my love !' she cries, in high good humor, pressing the girl's arm. ' He is enraged beyond measure. He scarcely took his eyes off you. Go on and prosper !' Thus stimulated, Dolly goes on and pros pers exceedingly. : When Mr. Lascelles and Dick approach simultaneously she devotes her. whole attention to the latter, and has scarcely a word for the former, who pres ently retires. in tragic dudgeon, and leans ?against the wall looking like 'Hamlet' Lord Byron, or any other blighted being in the sulks. , ;,:.?' In reality Dick is the person most to be pitied, although his face is alight with smiles and his heart aglow with anticipa . tioBS of possessing a lovely woman, and satisfying the debtors who, metaphorically speaking, take him by the throat, crying, ' Pay mo what thou owest !*' Innocent /tranf.iipa that*. )io ifl ilA41URnf»n+.a«in ttvianliaviT nor dreams that that milk-white- bdsom pal pitates for the 'infernal young prig' over the 'way.' Dolly -will play billiards and lawn-tennis with him , on the. morrow; in the afternoon they are to ride together; and as he sits smoking, after the ladies have retires, lie reflects on the most approved method of asking a certain question. \- Up to this moment Clement Lascelles lias not seen any necessity, for putting his fate to the touch, because he had been absolutely vcruiiu vi niiuiiug , t/uv uuw vuub lur tfic first time he has a rival, a rival who is progressing by leaps and bounds in his lady's favor, 'be sees that something must be done. He cannot have been befooled. She loves him or— or lie, the adept at read ing the secrets of souls, must for once have been deluded: Perish 'the thought ! With gloomy brow and stately step he retires from the smoking room and seeks the solitude of his chamber, but not his couch. The dawn has long broken ere he courts repose. ' Marian !' cries Dolly, a few hours later, bursting into her friend's room whilst that lady — no early riser at the best of times — still nestles among her pillows, . ' read this V and she seats herself on the bed in a state of great excitement, whilst Mrs. Dalton languidly peruses {the letter thrust into her hands. 'I call' it a great impertinence,' she remarks, returning it to Dolly. ' loipertinence !'.' -with wide-opeu eyes. ?' Certainly,' and Mrs. Dalton, taking it back, quotes from it : ' 'Though I cannot pretend to offer 'you the one great passion of a life — sad passages beyond the ken of other mortals have tar nished the pnre|lu8tre which once surrounded my soul as with a halo — yet, if you will take a heart weary with the sorrows of the ages, dimmed by the darkling doubts with which an intimate knowledge of humanity clouds the spirit, take me to your tender breast and let me find shelter there from life's griefs and disappointments. What recompense a heart blighted as mine has been can bestow I will strive to make to your angelic sympathy and goodness.' ' 'Is it not beautiful?1' cries Dolly, in an ecstasy. 'I wonder what he means? I suppose some horrid woman threw him over ?once ?' 'I think it is exceedingly impertinent, and I hope you will resent it.' t 'Resent it!'- almost shrieks Dolly. ' Why, 'it-is, a declaration !' 'Get me that blotting-book off that table,' commands Mrs. Dalton resolutely. ''Mow,' she says, beginning to write, ' you will answer it in this way or I wash my hands of you, and .to-morrow be will have reduced you to abject misery again.' She writes hurriedly for a few minutes, and then, with heightened color, reads the draft aloud: Dear 3tr. Lascelles— I liare received ronr melan choly letter; and am truly sorry for nil you mem to have 'soficrcd. But, for my part, T look upon the world as a very pleasant place, aud liavc made up my miiiil to p.ijos- niy.-olf a* lsueh .is iK)=Ci1-lc; sn. as 1 cmiM no: fi:wi- yon. and y.in. with tlic ideas you cx ]'i:v«-n!. u-imM in ike me iiii.-erabio. I tliiak you had iir.ivi lu-itar look f.ir «h:i«1m'1v ?vhosi- Kiiijieraincut is suorw liK-2 your own. I s:i;i;k-»c you iulm:i we 10 iii'.il-r-ii.nid'tliat yo:i Invo !-ie:i much more in love wiiii S.11110 on.' oK- thin you ave with me, which, to -ny tlif- In-ist. is not very li-»:tflri:i'. JCo! I must have :ui imdividC'l heart, or muo :it nil. Your sincere There is a -!espera.te fight between Mrs. Dalton and Dolly before the latter can be ptirsuaduil to -v-!-y and forward what she considers a hiMrik'sa :uul ilipp&nt; missive. In the end. Marian triumphs. Mr. Las ceiles does not appear at breakfast, and Dolly, though her soul quakes witiiin her, laughs and talks to l):ck. Liter in the morning, when they are play ing Iiwu-tcnuis, Clement Lascelles, feeling much smaller than he his ever -?one in hia life, seeks counsel from Mrs. Dalton. With an angeiic sinilo she alternately pricks him witii flackers and makes him gulp down bowls of poison ; but she does him an excel lent turn by taking a good deal of the non sense out of him. He confesses that be adores Dolly. How, Oh bow, is be to win her ? Has he the ghost of a chance ? Mrs. Dalton, looking solemn, declares her inability to reply to this. She hints at Dolly's youth and love of amusement. She hints, too, at Dick's unliagging good spirits aud temper. And the upshot of it is that when Dick returns crestfallen, from the afternoon ride with Dolly, having spoken and received his answer, Clement Lascelles carries off the young lady to her boudoir on pretense of wanting to be showa something, and replac ing the melancholy oE ' Hamlet' by the conquering airs of youDg ' Lovelace,' takes her in bis arms, swears he has been a fool, and has never really loved any one but her sweet self, aud that if she accepts him her life shall be one round of pleasure. Twenty minutes later, Dolly has passed on all bis embraces and more to Marian. ' How clever you are darling !' she says admiringly. To which Mrs. Dalton replies, ' Now you know how to manage him, make good use of your knowledge.' — London World. 