Wxt Contributor. UNDER THE SPEAKER'S EYE. [By the Member for Saltbush.] Are we never to have done with the Chinese question ? We only devoted one day to discussing It last week, and after two or three speeches adjourned the de bate for a fortnight, If^what we hear of the Intended hospitality of our Victorian cousins be true none of us who visit Mel bourne will be in a fit condition on our return to talk much upon any subject, let alone one that is recognised to have an Imperial im portance. And speaklcg of the Mel bourne Exhibition I am remicded of the fact that our venerable friends in what we nave to rerer to as 'another place have been guilty of an act of discourtesy to our Victorian hosts that literally made Mr. Ward's hair stand on end. The geneTal gloomy effect of the Upper Chamber is at present detracted from by some portraits which are hung upon the walls. True, no one in the wildest fl'ght of imagination would go to such a length as to say that these paintings are in the highest form of art ; indeed, a hyper critical person might find many faults with them, cot the least being a certain Btiff nees in tbe figures suggestive of chronic rheumatism, and a necessity for the ap plication of some famous oil for a loosen ing of the joints. Still these portraits are historical, and as such are of value. Why then did the ' Little Lords' ungraciously refnse the request made to them to allow the pictures to be sent to the qneen city of the south ? They were not a&ked; to judge the merit of the productions, and surely they wonld be able to legislate equally a3 well as they have done in the past, even were the features of Captain Sturt and Sir James Hurtle Fisher not visible as means of inspiration f; Mr. Ward, of course, talked a great deal of nonsense. He alway does when he goes on the ram page. Start him talking about the ' bonds of intercolonial friendship,' or ' inter national amenities,' and he soars quite beyond the reach of the ordinary indi vidual. He can't help it. \ou might as well try to keep the ocean back with a mop as to stem the tide of his eloquence at such a time. As to looking our cousins in the face as *' honest men' because we didn't decline to send them pictures, as a practical minded member who sits next to me remarked — ' That's all rot. What is there particularly honest in lending pic tures that belcng not to us but to the whole people ?' Sir John Downer was not very happy in his speech on Tuesday week. There was a very good reason for this. He had dis charged his big gun at the Treasury benches earlier in the session, and only had a popgun ready for firing when he was called on on Tuesday afternoon. The speech was good enough, but we had heard all the arguments before, and even Sir John Downer can become stale by much repetition. How he must have cursed the fates that tempted him to speak too soon 1 Did he not show his plan of attack to the enemy? An unwise thing for any general to do. Sir John is too impulsive ; he must study the princi ples laid down by Machiavel to a little better purpose. The Attorney General, yoDEg politician though he Is, is very astute, and sees through a deal board as far as most people. When there is a lawyer on each side it behoves the ob servance of a due amount of wariness. Another lawyer who had something to say about the Chinese was Mr. E. W. Hawker. Mr. Hawker is not a brilliant member. He seems to be overshadowed by the greatness of his father's fame. There are times when it is exceedingly Inconvenient to have a father. Thia may seem some what paradoxical, but my meaning of course is that at certain periods of one's life a father is an altogether undesirable encumbrance. -For instance, when some old wiseacre, who has recollections of the glorious days when George III. was King, reflecting upon some action in whkh you natter yourself you have shown admirable diplomacy, saya, ,*'AhJ, -niy boy5 JJ%,,. wouldn't have done that soit of thing. Your faiJier would not have done ib.' At that moment yon probably wish your paternal parent at the bottom of the sea. Mr. Hawker, sen., has made his reputa tion and can afford to sit quietly by, only speaking when the occasion shall seem to warrant. Mr. Hawker, jun., has to win hie spurs, and he is heavily handicapped in the race. His father ia a big man ; he is a little man. His father can speak freely without notes ; he has to carefully prepare his speeches, and gives one the impression that he is laboring over hie task and will be glad when he gets to the end. There is often good matter in what he says, but it is too often losb on account of the manner of delivery. There is a suspicion of the Young Men's Debating Club about his utterances, and despite his 'undeniable industry, he has not yet risen above mediocrity. There were a lot of mixed metaphors used in the House last week. In the ex citement of debate a man may be excused for a lapsus lingua, and therefore I pardon Mr. Nash, who, encouraged by our cheers, was getting into a rather hi-falntin Btyle, for saying that the ship of State had gone ashore on the rocks when Sir John Downer took up the reins. This reminded me of the story told of a member of the House of Com mons. 'Mr. Speaker,' he said, 'I smell a rat. It is floating in the air. 16 must be nipped in the bud.' I remember a member of our own Parliament once saying he had pinned his faith to the anchor of hope ; and another who, orating at the Town Hall, said the pre vious speaker had leapt over the traces and soared away on the wings of his imagination. But Mr. Landseer is the metaphor-mixer par excellence. He does it with such blissful unconsciousness that it falls as refreshingly as an April shower. Now, I am a Bhy man, a nervous man — dreadfully nervous. When I get on my legs with the intention of saying some thing really good my mind becomes blurred, my limbs tremble, my voice has euch a quaver in it that I hardly recognise it, and instead of those keen incisive arguments I had prepared, and that patriotic peroration which had cost me hours of study, I utter only a few common places and sink into my seat, recognising the fact that I have made an ass of myself. Mr. Landseer is troubled by no such prickings of conscience. I believe he rises in his place without more than the vaguest of ideas as to what he is going to say. He may be, and Indeed is, a little hesitating in his open ing sentences. He is like a man in a slough of despond, floundering about in an eager desire to touch solid landr When he toucheB It, or thinks he does, there is no restraining him. He skips around with all the enthusiasm of a dancing dervish. His words dash one against the other with an utter disregard for appro priateness. They clang and clash and roar. If the right word doesn't come along, which generally happens, another one is made to do duty. Mr. Landseer evidently makes up his mind that he is there to speak, and that any halting by the way will spoil the effect of his oratory. And so he goes on, and on, and on, con? structing sentences that must caaae Macaulay to move uneasily in his grave, and introducing new systems of pro nunciation that would make the ghost of Ltadley Murray shed bitter scalding tears. He double -banks his expressions in a singular way. Thus, he is not con tent to eay, ' I think so-and-so,' bat tacks oo, 'I thick and believe.' He talks of the ' hon. member who has so kindly brought forward this motion,' and invariably regards every action taken in the HouBe as a 'step in the right direc tion.' He considers some things as ' greeveeous to contempolate,' but even tually affects to believe that 'this honorable House' will be able to point everything 'In the right direction.' A metaphor with him is something to play with. Metaphors are as plentiful as blackberries. They lie strewn higgledy piggledy on Mr. Landeeer's political path way, and he picks them np with a random ness that is absolutely alarming. When he warned us 'not to be led astray by the offshoots and side winds that were endeavored to be blown upon the Chinese question,' I was absolutely aghast at the audacity of the conception, but Me. Landseer never moved a muscle. Some body — I think it must have been David Bews — said '* Hear, hear,' and Mr. Land seer appropriated the interruption as a compliment, and smiled benevolently on the member for Wallaroo. Well, what does a mixed metaphor more or less matter ? Mr. Landseer will go on to the end ot Jus career in just the self-aame manner. If any metaphors are lying about he has the michiaery all ready for mixing them. Well, we have done some w-rk at last. We have agreed to Mr. Cald well's motion for the appointment of a commission to enquire into the advantages a State back would be to an impecunious people in lending them money at nothing per cent, and getting the principle back in instalments of Is. per annum. By his much importunity Mr. Caldwell wearied us into following his lead, but there are few of us probably who believe in the practicability of the scheme. Still, Mr. CaldwelLTnuat have his fling, and all I can say iarthat I sincerely pity him. when he shall have to prepare the report of the commission. Then we have made head way with the Pawnbrokers Bill. Tha subject of pawnbroking Is not interesting ; some of us remember the days of ad versity, when we had to 'pop' sundry goods with ' uncle.' Recollections like these are unpleasant, and so we allowed the Attorney- General to have pretty well his own way. Let the Bill be more soberly discussed in the Upper House. There they know nothing about pledges, excepting those which some of them made to their constituents and have not always sacredly observed. 