Queensland. THE NOETH QUEENSLAND DIOCESAN CONFEEENCE, COOKTOWN. . :?'- Presentation of Pastoral Staff to Bishop Stanton. On Friday evening, 4th November, in the Cooktown Town Hall, a most successful inauguration was made of the Conference week. The local clergy and laity of the Anglican Church had determined to welcome their clerical brethren at a public entertainment. This consisted of a tea and sacred concert. The church choir were assisted by the town band and several friends, arid got through their programme admirably. But by far the most noteworthy feature of the evening was the presentation of an ornate and costly pastoral staff to Bishop fifiantnn. After t.lip. p.lfivcv had been welcomed bv the neortle's churchwarden, and Canon Barlow had returned thanks in a speech full of humour and good nature, Canon Taylor, supported by the Eev. E. A.Anderson, addressed his Lordship: 'My Lord Bishop — I am quite unworthy of performing this, the chief business of the evening, being slow of speech and wanting in readiness in giving utterance to the emotions which possess me ; but the clergy — why, I know not— have insisted upon my performing this very delicate office. It is my duty, Eight Eev. Father in God, to present unto you the ancient and appropriate emblem of your sacred office. You will receive it, I hope, as a small, a very small, token of the deep and loving affection which we have for you. For well nigh ten years you have laboured in this diocese, sharing the joys and sorrows of us, your under shepherds. You are going home to the dear old land, where you will see your brethren of the Episcopate ministering with that becoming dignity which is characteristic of the Church of England. They almost universally use this ancient emblem of office. Why should our Bishop, my friends, come short of them in anything? Eeceive this staff, my Lord. It is our offering to you. You know it is said that each part of the staff has a special significance : ' Gurva trahit mites, pars pungit acuta rebelles' — ' the curved part to lead forth the diffident, the pointed end to prod along the rebels.' We hope that you may be spared long to use it in the way which your wisdom may deem fit. With the staff is an address, illuminated by our brother, Mr. Ander son, which I will now call upon him to read.' The address, which was then read by Mr. Anderson, was as follows : — ' To the Bight Kev. Father in God, George Henry, by Divine Provi dence, Lord- Bishop of North Queensland — We, the clergy of your Lordship's diocese, having in view your approaching departure for the Pan- Anglican Synod — an event which reminds us of the completion of the first decade of your Lordship's Episcopate— desire to offer you our dutiful respects. The esteem and affection which at the very begin ning of the above period were inspired by your presence in Queensland have been unwaveringly sustained and increased. ?'Under your wise and fatherly guidance, and with the blessing of Almighty God, the foundations of the Church have been securely laid,, while the example of your unsparing zeal and devotion, self denial and munificence, has been to us of the highest value in the work whereunto we have been called. ' We are especially anxious to give some adequate token of the affection and respect we entertain for you, and herewith beg your Lordship's acceptance of this ancient and appropriate symbol of your sacred office— a pastoral staff, for the use of yourself and your suc cessors. ' l It would have given pleasure to many besides the clergy to have been allowed to participate in making this offering ; but we venture to think that, by acceding to their wishes, we should have deprived the act of much of its symbolism and significance. Wishing your Lordship a pleasant voyage and a safe return, but more especially praying that the Almighty Father who rules and governs all things in heaven and earth, and Jesus Christ His only Son, the great Shepherd of the sheep, and. the Holy Ghost, by whom the whole body of the Church is governed and sanctified, may ever have you in merciful protection, long sustain you to preside over us and through us, bestow abundant showers of blessing upon this diocese and the Church Universal, we are your Lordship's grateful and affectionate servants in Christ, 'H. Plume. M.A., Archdeacon; A. Edwards, W. F. Tucker, C. G. Bahlow, T. Tailor, M.A., Canons; T. W. Ramji, E. A. Anderson, B.A., J. T. Wilson, G. B. F. Nobbs, W. A. Turner, F. B. Olive, G. White, MA., W. S. Curzon Liggus, B.A., T. R. Eeqq, J. Wells, L. Ketchlen, T. Eykyn, W. Phillips, M.A.' Canon Taylor then gave into the Bishop's hands the staff and address. His Lordship, who was greatly affected by this mark of affection, having had no notice of what was to take place, spoke in a most feeling manner of the great comfort he derived from the loyalty of his clergy. He hoped that all future inheritors of that beautiful symbol of office would have as faithful a band of fellow- workers. A pastoral staff was the most grateful and fitting gift which he, as Bishop, could desire. He received it on behalf of the diocese. Any personal testimonial he could not have accepted, having made up his mind before leaving England never to accept any gift of money or its equiva lent for himself. The Bishop then spoke of the pastoral spirit which it symbolised— a spirit which he hoped would always characterise the clergy in' their ministration. His Lordship then invoked the divine blessing upon them. The staff was then placed in his Lordship's hands. It is noteworthy that of Australian Bishops only Bishops Barker and Stanton have been presented with pastoral staves. The one given the first-named is now in use in the Sydney Cathedral. Very seldom in the history of the Australian colonies has an event been marked by so much genuine good feeling, and the large gathering at Cooktown of all denominations who witnessed the presentation will remember for many years with pleasure the interesting event. The following description of the staff may be interesting: — The staff is of solid ebony, mounted in silver, parcel gilt, and decorated with jewels and enamels. The staff is in four pieces for convenience of carriage, and screws together by two bosses of silver, tastefully decorated with engraving, and enriched with gilding. The head of the staff is a hexagonal cube, with recessed panels. In the centre of each panel is a carbuncle ; above this rises the main part of the head, which is also hexagonal in form, the sides of which are decorated with richly-carved orna ments. In the centre of the panels are raised medallions, enamelled in colours, representing the evangelists, the crucifixion, &c.; At the angles are buttresses terminating in crocketed pinnacles ; from the centre of this rises a circular dome, which forms the base of the crook. This is likewise hexagonal, the alternate sides being decorated with dark-blue enamels and carbuncles. Above this is on either side a recessed panel containing alternate amethysts and topaz in graduated sizes. The crook is formed of a very graceful curve, decorated with crockets and leaves in hammered silver. The centre encloses on each side an enamelled painting of the Agnus Dei. The design of the staff is sixteenth century Gothic. It was manufactured by Messrs . Pratt and Sons, of London, from a design supplied by them, at a cost of £130. Upon the middle boss is an inscription — 'Ad majorem Dei Gloriam, Georgio Henrico Episcopo North Queensland, inusumipsius et successorum hunc baculum dono dedit Dioceseos Clerus. — A. S., MDCCCLXXXVII.' 