\- Lover and Lord. —? —- l; r ; s Chapter Y.—Continued. t % i .. i To look apon hor and find bor—how? She laughed nloud, a fierce unnatural lutigh, ob abo thought of tho picture his generons fanoy bad drawn and the reality L- _..IJ L_ t 1 Tn he wonld bo forced to look upon. In . twonty yonr?* time ho would find hor "?/. still Nora Bruce, still true to a lover in the shadow-world. So he wrote ; and r ' thonght; aod here was she, in less than two i years, burning the words that ' ' 1 shamed and tortured her on the eve of her weddiug-day. Burningthom ! 4h, no, she had not for that I Sho gathered the papers np and pressed thorn passionately to her polo lips. She wonld look them iU i npJ would never look on them again; but see the paper on which Arthur's hand bad rested, the words bis pen bad traced, scorch nnd sbrivel into nothing ness within the cruel flames she coald not and would not; there was saorilego in the very thonght. ?Forgive dob, Arthur I' she cried wildly. ' Oh, my darling, if yon could bnt know I' Her pretty head fell forward on the desk, on the crashed papers, on the pictured face which after to-night the girl might look on no more, and for a brief space of time something like a C sweet,nnrl solemn peace fell over her,; a fueling ns though she were alone with and held communion with them Intense pain wrought to frenzy had proved its own onassthotic, and for a whilo she neithor feared nor suffered ;. How long this tranco of peace lasted i( ,;, she could not say ; she was roused from by s fllight touch, to find Cristine folly ?it dressed beside her, her hand npon her shoulder and a curicus mocking smile in her eyes. ' Were yon asleep, or had you fainted, she asked kindly—Criatine from — themomont in whioh sho bad reconciled tosberseJf. to the engagement had grown wonderfully kind. 'Do you know that you have barely left yourself time to u dress for dinner ?' 1 Nora, roused to duty and misery once "'more, thrust the papers and picture into' the desk — not, she - knew, before Ori?tine h*d seen them and guessed shrewdly what they were; but that did B- .aofc trouble her. It was her own con science she feared, and not Oristine ? f: ' Singleton. ( ; '1 did not know it was so late,' Nora "answered wearily, pushing the hair oat of her boavy eyes, and revealing so ,!,tragio a face that her step-Bister said .sharply— have been crying, child. What will Lord do Gretton say ? ' ' Lord do Gretton cannot claim any -control over ray tears until this time """to-morrow,' Nora answered, while her , tremulous fingers tangled the heavy hair they vainly tried to redncs to order. 1 Shall I not call your maid ? ' Criatine ; but Nora Bhook her head ia '7 vehement refusal. The sharp-eyed ¥ i Frenchwoman was a terror to which she errmnst sccU?tom herself; but to-night, at i.o least, she would bo free. ''Then let me help you,' Miss Single -I', ton persisted ; 'you will dross yourself by midnight at your present, rate of i 'progression. Come, Nora ; it is for the __.Ja?t.time.' And the first sho might have said wjtli equal truth. Many a time and ofi, ?in 'the -old happy days, when Nora was the least considered person in her father's <k-bouse, and had no golden future,spread- Je ing'oat before her, many a time had she dressed., Cristtino Singleton, for ball or picnio'j'plfiited'tho pale silky hair, laced the cheap pretty dresse?, and sent her -" forth to conquest, looking her very best; * ; but never before had she proffered her services to Nora. The thought flashed across; the girl's mind, forcing a ghost of a emilo to her pale lips ; but she it at once, and quietly accepted „Jhe/of)'er. Cristioo wou|d stay she know, ; -it'would bo an easier thing to have her busy, with her hands and eyes alike occupied, than sitting there watching her ceyery.iuoveJHunt. u tinder lior light und skilful touches . Nora was quickly drefHed und made roady; and, us sho stood before the ? „Joug glass, fastening tho ear-rings in her oars, she thought, with a sharp pang, t how 6mall a trace tho inner anguish sho endured had left upon her face, how radiant sho looked in the maize-colourcd ailk and soft showers of J)lack luce in which it had pleased r Oristine to dress hor. A tap at the door was answered by Christino; and Elora thought, bat was liot sure, that sho beard tho maid's voice Bay— ' A lettar for Miss Bruce,' Letters had como by fifties and hundreds -to her of late; so naturally , j)he did not attach much importance to this. She was rather surprised how .eter.when fivo, ton minutes passed owuy, ,'ond CriHtinu did not return—the more bo as the dinner-bell now sounded, and Nora saw that she had left her fan and gloves upon the dressing-table. Her room was at tho other cno of tho long corridor. Nora had to pass it on ber way down ; so sho took tho gloves and fnu witb her, moaning to leave thorn, with her if she was thero, or carry ?them.to tho drawing-room if bhe bad 'gone down. Tbo door stood slightly .?jar. Sho pushed it open carelossly, and, tn her horroT and amazement, saw Miss Singleton lying iu a dead faint on "the ground. For a moment she stood staring helplessly, paralysed by a sort of BUperstitiouH terror. G'ristino had left so short a time before, full of health and spirit. Nora had noticed how protty she lookod in tho.soft creamy piak that always suited lior best'and supplied the one thing lacking to her coldly regular beaoty ; and now what had stricken her down Jike thin ? Cristino was uot given to feinting. F.jrtiio momont Nora'thodght sho was indeed dead, and envied her with au onvy that was acbiugly intense. (*? - * ' Cristine, who needed it not, found sudden peaoe, a swift and easy passage from all the pcln and heart-breakings of j this, world, while she—— ? Cristine !'. the girl cried hsrriedly, as tbo other stirred, and brought her hack to the reality of the scene. Her envy had been premature ; this was not death ; already the blue eyes were widely open, and the pale lips pa'rtod in a gasp ing cry. Nora knelt beside hor, raised the golden head, and bathed the gray face with eau-de-Cologne. Gradually the girl's senses came back, her eyes lost their stony stare, her breath came more freely, and she tried to draw herself away. ' Yon are better now, Cristine ?' She started at the sound of Nora's voice, and gave a quick look of angry terror: — a moat inexplicable look, even admitting that her mind, Btill wandered. ?How did you como hero I' sheaskod abruptly. '? How is it you are in this condition ?' Nora said quietly. ' You were quite well when you- left mc, Cristine. What ha? happened sicoe?' She grew suddenly scarlet, stared straight into the other's eyes, as though ?be would read her inmost though'.e, then turned away, saying shortly, almost euddonly. ' I ran too quickly. I felt a sharp pain bero'—touching her left side—'and [ remember nothing more.' . Nora stared at hor, a little ? in credulously perhaps—the explanation seemed so improbable. A run across,the corridor upset Cristine Singleton— ? Cristine who would have, danced from midnight to'dawn and never turn a hair, who was the skilfullest tennis-player iv all Nettleton 1 The girl who knew her best could hardly believe it. Yet tbero was no gainsaying her ghastly looks. ' Go down, Nora/ she said, as tbe gong gave, its final blang. 'I will follow almost directly,' ' Shall I send Mrs Bruce to you,? ' Nora asked doubtfully. It seemed oruel to leave her thus, and yet she knew she must go. 'But Cristine negatived the idea, and entreated her to say nothing of her illness, trembling so violently all the time that the girl thought she would soon betray herself, whether she kept her secret or no. Argument only served to irritate her, and time began to press ; so at last, with extreme reluctance, Miss Bruce went. It hardly seemed likely that Cristine would make her appearance that nigbt; but almost before the guests had filed in stately fashion into the great dining room, and just aB Mrs Brnce began to speculate vexedly as to the cause of her daughter's absenco, Cmtino herself entered and to"k her place, just facing Nora, as quietly aB though nothing had happened. Meeting her step-sistor's anxious glunca across tho intervening flower and fern barrier, she smiled a strange un comfortable smile. Her eyes had an odd wild brightness, her cheeks had such a warm flush aa few had eeen them wear. The hot glow came and went as she chattered recklessly with her neighbour, who regarded her more than onco with mingled astonishment and admiration, and confided to a friend iv the course of the evening that he did not know " that little doll of a Singleton" had so much go in her. But her mother noticed that she ate nothing, and drank champagne with a bo? of feverish thirst. | Nora saw little of her through the evening, though somehow her move- I menta had a strauge fascination for ber She followed the slender pink-robed form as it moved restlessly about tbe large rooms, into and out of the conser vatory, never staying long in one spot, and nover by any ohanco approaching hor. She hardly listened to Lord de Gretton's murmured chat, or the gentle buzz of conversation that went on around her; the question perplexed her—Cristino avoiding her or not ? If sho was, Bho changed her plan at tho last momeut. As Nora sat in her room, alone at last, resting her hot bead agninst the sash of the window, aod looking up with aching wistful eyes at tho serene splendour of the starlit midnight sky, the door opened, and Cristine, looking very weird and ghost like in her long white wrapper, came in,' The other looked round as she set her email silver band-lamp down npon tbe table, and, even in the eolf-absorption of her own wretched thoughts, noticed how strangely haggard was her aspect. ' Ori?tine, you are ill again I' she cried; but Cristine laughed ard shook her head impatiently. 'Cannot you forgot that foolish momentary weakno?S ? I never was better ia my life. But enough of mc, I may not soe you much to-morrow, Nora; so I came to tako your directions now. Is there any ono you have for gotten, any one for whom you would like to loavo a remembrance when you are gone ?' Tho wild light eyes seemed to burn into the palo bride's face ; she stirred rostlossly under the cruelly persistent gazo. 'No ono ; thoro is nothing,' Nora said shortly. ' Oh' by-the-way, Cristine, did not the girl bring a note for mc just before dinner?' She asked tho question indifforontly enough, grasping at any pretext for a chnnge of Bubject and caring little what the nnswor might bo. But Crisfciuo drew iv ber breath with a sharp little cry, and pushed tho fair fluffy hair back (rom her forehead with a tragic gosturo oi despair. ? Really I am vmperdonablo Nora ; I romomber it all now. It wns a message from Madanio Joaephino, somothiug nbout the arrangouiont ot your train, I think ; but I was taken ill just at the moment, nnd ' , ' Never mind, Cristine ; what;, does it matter ?'' tho other said wearily. ' The train mli" do very well as it is.' " ' But I must havo throv£n the note ; :in my. own < room or tho corridor,' Cristine persisted,; knitting her light brows in extreme perplexity ' I will search for aud find it boforo I go to bed. ? ' You will do nothing of. the kind,' Nora cried peremptorily, for, besides being selfishly anxious for solitude, she waa really shocked by the worn, aged look of her step-sister's face and tho feverish glitter of her light eyes. ' Bed is tho best place in the world for you, and the sooner you are asleep the better. ? ' I do not feel worn out,' Cristine con fessed, with a queer Bmilo ; ' end as chief bridesmaid, I should like to look my best to-morrow. Well, Nora, good night. Hark I What is that?' It was the mighty voice of " Big Ben" floating through tbe open window boating the twelve solemn strokes that tpld the great restless oily that another day was dead. The girls listened in breathless silence till the last vibration died away, each stroke falling with deadly import on Nora Brnce's strained sense of hearing, and bringing a strange light to Cristine Singleton's face. With tbe last, she flung both arms around her sister's neck and kissed her with a sort of exultant passion. 'Long life and happiness to our bonny bride! ' she cried, in shrill vibrating tones. 'Fate has been kind to mc. Lady de Gretton, remember always that I was the first to offor my congratula tions and good wishes on your wedding morning.' Chapter VI. ' It was the prettiest wedding of the season I ' On that point complimentary friend?, fashionable reporters, and tho rougher critics gathered in the ultra fashionable church to witness the gorgeously-mounted ceremony were nliko agreed; and, if the last were disposed to think that a younger bridegroom would have made tho picture completo, even these admitted that Lord de Gretton, with hia , slender upright figure aud well preserved hand some face, was still a stately and a personable man. Ten bridesmaids, dressed in the latest bridal fashion, with veils, and wreatb? and shrimmering satin dresses, with looket bearing the blent initials of the bridal pair in diamonds, followed Nora Bruce to the altar, and as they posed picturesquely behind her, envied the pale bride in their inmost hearts. They were all, . with the oxoeption of Cristine, ' damsels of high degree,' chosen from the circle of Lord de Gretton's friends, knowing nothing of and caring nothing for the bride, and secretly resenting tbe fact that the bride groom had wandered from his own world in search of a wife. Eich, still agreeable, and eligible in every way, ho had been comparatively left alone by chaperons and passed over by prndent parents because by common consent every one had given bim to Lady Olivia Blake; and Lady Olivia herself was not more angry and indignant when she discovered the sorry part she had been mado to play than was " Soci?ty " in realising the triak played upon it. " Society " and Lady Olivia however had, v?ith excellent world wisdom, determined to pocket the affront and countenance tho ceremony. The former thronged the church in the persons of its most charming and sharp tone i representatives. T he latter, gorgeous in a costume of olive-green stamped velvet, and satin that suited her dark beauty tj perfection, stood tranquilly conscious of the thousand eager eyes that watched her with malicious interest, ulmost on tho alter stop?, almost by tho bridegroom's side, accepting tho situation with a fierce defiant priilu tbat moved those who knew her story best to a sort of admir ing i-yiiipathy. 'How well she bears it!' the gossips whispered to one another behind their ivory nnd velvet Prayer-books. 'Ho treated her shamefully—quite shame fully, you know. She actually wore the diamonds at the palace ball. Yob, the bride* has them ou now. Quite shocking, I call it—so much worse than if Bhe wero a girl—for to- a woman of dear Olivia's age ridicule is death. Yot really, yon know, it is wonderful. Sho look* quite handsome to-day—does she not?' j ' Yes, tbo bride does not shine by comparison, young as she is — a poor lifelcF?-looking thing, I call her. Are hnr peopleo at all presentable, by-the way V ' Thero they are!' the first speaker said, nodding hor head in the direction of Captain and Mrs Bruce. 'Do yon see—a Btout over dre?sed woman in garnet silk and white lace, who looks absurdly important and plea?od with horfltdf and her surroundings, and a thin ? whit'i haired man; who does not seem to ehnrn her feelings ? He jb oomothing in the Navy, or Coast-guard. They .were quite awfully poor, I hear, and I dare say com passed heaven and earth to en sure Do Gretton !' So, in its accustomed charitable fashion, ' Society ' goasipod and specu lated while tho solemn words were spoken, whilo the soft BWoet musio floated through the church, whilo Nora Bruce knelt bosido tho man from whom she shrank with an hourly-increasing intensity of ropugnauce, and heard with a deathly faintness at her heart, the priuntN' calm tones prononnco them man and wife. 'Those wlioro Godhnsjoinod toguthor lot no nun put asunder ! ' Like one in a trance tho girl listened to tbo words so full of solemn and awful nioiiiiing—so mystically sweet to those who hear thorn wjth mutual lovo and trust, mi) terrible to those who seal a loveless bond and know that bopo and freedom may bo tboirs never more. (,7b Ie Continued.) A young man named Woods is in a pre carious condition at Orcswick (Vie) through hiring been Eoreiely bitten bulldog ants. 