WESLEYAXN CHIURCIC FOR NORTHI GOULBURN. d Tute foundation stone of the Wesleyan Church for North Goulburn was laidyesterday afternoon by Mrs. J. W~. WTombey, wife of Aldermisan Yrombey, one of the trustees of the Goulburu church property. About 150 persons assembled to witness the ceremony, including a large l nuava - ber of ladies. Tihe site for the church is a block of land about t a quarter of an acre in extent at the corner of Lagoon and Union streets. It was purclhased solse esein years ago by the Trust. The building will be in the Gothic style, 35 feet by 25 feet in dimensions, and capable of seating 150 people. The plan was prepared by the committce, which consists of Messrs. C. Colburt, J. WV. Wombey, H. R. Pedley, It. Kennedy (treasurer), and YW. H. Woodland (aecretary). The contractors for the erection of the building are Messrs. I'. t. "Everett and T. S. Godfrey, whose contract was £239 15s, wldhich stun does not include the cost of the internal fittings. Shortly after .1 o'clock all present gathered round the stoneo and the Rev. A. J. Webb, who conducted the proceedings, gave out the i90th hynum, which was sung by the congregation, I members of the choir of tle church leading. The Rev. W. Sparling then read portions of Scrip turo from the fifth chapter of the tlt book of Kings and the second chapter of St. Pdnl'so epistle to the Ephesians. Plrayer by the Rev. a Mr. Webb followed. Mr; W. '. Woodland, secretary of the com mittee, thouen produced the bottle which it was intended to place in a cavity under tihe stonie, and stated that it contained ai copy of the Goul buan Herald, Evening Peony Post, and Weekly Advocnate, together with a document with the following statement written upon it: The fomudatio- statoe of this churchl was laid by ers. J. WV. Womoboy, wife of Alderman John WiillnisI WVorboy,Es., oneoo of tlhe trustees for the Wsleya Church property ill Goulbur, on the 12th diay of October in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and eighity-eight, being thie ifty-second year of the reign of her Most Graciouse lajesty Queen Victoria and the celtonary year ol the feondatioi of the colony of Net Soutlh Wiales the hilght Honorable Clharles Robert laron Carrigteon, P'.C., G.C.M.G., being Governor of Noe South Wales; Sir iHoary Parkes, lK.C.1St.G., 'remiier of tile colony; Henry htortlewortlh annon, Esq., Mhtyor of this city; tile SRo. George Lane, 'President, rund tbhe le. Charles Stead, Secretary of the New Soluth Wales Confercoce; Nov. Arthur John loebb, milister in charge of the Goulburn circuit ; Iessrs. C. Colaburt, J. W. \Vomboy, I. It. Pedley It. Kemicdy (tleasurerr), and IV. 11. Woodlahund (secretary), clhurch counittee; Issrtl . i'. It. Everett and T. 8. Godfrey, contractors. Tho Rev. A. J. Webb spoke as follows:--I will not keep you in this fervent sun by imany words, but wilt proceed at once to state the eb joet for which we are building this chapel at North Goulburn. It is to promote the glory of God, by giving additional facilitite for His Divine worship. We raise this house to IThe name, and dedicate it to the Holy Trinrity, Fatir, Son, and Holy Ghost ; that it may be a house of praise and prayer, that men anid women, youtlhs, maidens, and children may be induced to, in the words of our mother church, "s t forth His mrost worthy praise, to hear His most holy word, and to ask those things that are requisite and cceo.sary as well for the body as thie soul." lso to pro claim hero the doctrines and duties laid down in the Now Testament. We are bound by our church rules to preach the doctrines of the Divine Trinity in unity ; of rman'sfallem state and help loss condition without superior aid ; of the way of salvation by repentance towards God and faith in our Lord Jesus Christ; of the ability and willingness of Jesus Christ to save unto the ut termost all that come unto God by Him. The doctrines known eas those of " The Witnes of the Spirit" and of " Entire Sanceificatiot " are to be sot forth iu this building we are about to found this afternoon. The action oi the human soul of the Holy Spirit of God will be a frequent theme within the walls we hope soon to see riing above this long vacanut corner piece of ground. We shall aim at the conaverion of mouls; at the denunciation of all forms of man-destroying sin; and at the improvement of public morale. A Sunday-school wilt be carried on in the edifice we are about to raise for the religious trainieg of the young, and we desire that this chalpel should be a centre of the highest iniluteue for the purity, social well-being, ioral health, and spiritual salvation of the people of North Goulburn. Such our intention these the usnes to which the struc ture is to be- applied ; and may God accept our undertaking and succeed the work. At the conclusion of his speech he asked Mrs. rombey to kindly lay the stoen. As soon as SMrs. Wombey stepped forward Mr. W?oodland handed her a silver trowel with ivory handle and a msall mallet, and said he had much pleasure in presenting her with the articlee on behalf of the committee of the North Goulburn Church in commemoration of the ceremony. (reho blade of the trowel bore the following inscription :""Presented to cMrs. J. V. Womboy for the laying of the foundation stone of the North Goulburn Church, 12th October, 1888. Mlinister, Rev. A. J. Webb.") The bottle was then placed in the cavity, the stone adjusted by Messrs. Everett and Godfrey, and Mrs. Womboy, having given it the usual tap, declared it well and faithfully laid in the name of the Father,-Son, and Holy Ghost. Mr. Wombey then made a brief speech. He said :--Mrs. Womboy and myself foeel it a great honour and pleasure in baing heroe to-day, especially on such an important occasion. About seven years ago I supported a resolution at the trustee meeting to purchase this land, and I am pleased to say I never regretted the course I trook--my only regret has been that a place of worship has not been erected hero before. Instead of expending our efforts elsewhere, we have been contralising our work in Goldsmith street, and in so doing, I ram afraid North Go wlbarn and other places have suffered. Iow over, by sanctioning the erection of this build ing, the trustees are endeavauriug to mend their ways. I know there are doubts in some mpinds as to the success of this enterprise; but I have no misgivings about the matter. We have only to look round us and we can see the fields already white with harvest; and when this building is erected there will be faithful workers of the Lord who will go forth into the highways and byways and compel them to come in. Many now who never enter a place of worship will bless the day when this church was built, and will carry on the works when the present workers are gone to their reward. Our united prayer is that the blessing of the Most High may rest upon this edifice, and upon the work which shall he done here for the extension of our Redeemer's kingdom. The Rev. A. J. Webb invited contributions to be laid on the stone. He mentioned that he would not give anything himself, but ho had undertaken to do smething which he belioved would bring in funds, and that would be his subscription. Msr. Woodland asked the people to give what they could. He said that the North Geoulburn feoik had subacribed £35, and that from a moro handful of people was, hoe thought, very good indeed. A eolletion waso then token up, and with the amount laid on the stone a total of £i0 e was realized. Tis irncluded' £5 a from MIrs. uomboy, £1 2s from Mr. Everett, and £1 from wMr Lake (Thornford). The 993rd hymn was hen sung, the benedic tieon pronounced by the Rev. . 3. W ebb, and the ceremony ended. At half-past fito A TOE-SEfLTINO was hold in a large marquee which bad beeon eroted on the ground. There was an excellent spread, and about 300 sat down. Tables wore supplied by Moesdamss Wombey, R. Kennedy, H. R. Pedloy, 0. Colburt, An. L. Line, and \V. Hd. Woodland; and contributions given by Mesdames R. Craig (Sloanii-sterot), C. W. .urner, J. Dray, and WV. 1t. Riley. Theo rarqiiee was nicely decorated, nrd presented a pleasing appoarance. After h tea o f IouLI o rhe iW?lO was held in the sme struoture, and attended by some 150. The choir of the Goldsmith-street church was in attuendance, and the proceedings wore oammenced by the singing of a hymn by them, followed by prayer by the Roev. A. n. Mr. Woodland stated that it had been decided at a meeting of the building committee to ask the R'ao. Ir. Wvebb to tko thechair, and he had muoh pleasure in inviting him to occupy that position. The Rue. 1Mr. W?cbb, in taking the chair, said ho coneidored it u very great honor to fill the position at a meeting connectod with the laying of the foundation- stone of the first W¥osloyan Chapel in North Goulburn. It was a memorable occasion to many, and especially so to him. Ho would commence the proceedings by reading a letter sent him by the Rov. Canon D'Aroy-Irvine, as follose : St. Nihohlas' Parsonamgc, Northi Gsoelbhiri, Octobor 12,1085. -The Soe. A. J. Webb. Sty dear Sir,--Thsogh I ohiall ho eminged tles evoti ing terom 8 till past Ih, I desire to .avail ciyoolf of tho opportunity of atssring you, mlld thooe wcto bhlooc to -you, that the erectioem of a nowe llaco of osorshlip i this curt of Goulborn does eot (as Ires been ehkindly said) escite witlil oe the very least feeling of jealeoty. Tlhe osly Indignation anid displeasure that I feel is ngalngtrsio Inmalllos, trCreaclry, hypaocrisy, tinel serviog, ans dirty sorbr of erty her astaliill( isl thits 'hasoos w o are eoossitoetl and renletebblo iaeeiaoraH ef the Church of I.nhltad will tihac Uoe for the Iro visioi tChit hiss bees illalc hlore for tIe dle tndfaithflr[ mhmlmotratlioi of thie ruligi,, ordiaances of tohiir own church ald tdhey w011 atoill athlnuiseltes of thoe wiaillg ecrviei of thClir moetil IIIIo'.rtly ClsLcymlill. Thlose, o1? thie othir elllld, cho ilitlllta tle Cliiitea stillti iout a ty, ji eiast rasOllo Ibt their OWlI woirldly slsd wiclid islagiatil5oms, illit tl .l? thl resrlOllsibiltyu I.LseI their oesmi heads. I hllalll to free iroom Citu blotd of their sanls, My fooling in refeorolo to your new bolldl g ist, m" I dear sir, one of entirre ioieristoredaess aold sul-t. Thceartion. I mcay mlocrel hope that oadeditio Choritian worle it theo noighlltoarlhood s1a rcslt ti adlitional regard for all that is good, tad stiriual, y and charitable, aod holy, No that " God in tll things lal boe gloriflod tlhroegh Jesus Christo." "sooeeo iodted preach Christ even of wy uowlld strifo; ad somo also of good.will: The' 1oreach t Christ of contrltion, not icoroh, SUlTposing to a dd sfllletioo to wto boats ; but the othlr o loe, kuowinge thait I at sot for the. dcfeoe of the OGospel. What thtu? notwitthsthnding evry wny,tohether in preoteoe or il truoth Christ is.preached, otd ol thereon o re- r joitoice a,o l a will rerjoice." o eotliuvoe in, with ocvery kiod of roltherlye feolig, Toors silooeroly, t G. It. ]1'Ancr-Inrnos. (Tho.lotter wasooreoeived with great applause.) The rev. chairman said lie might oommout. upon the letter so far Is to say that he had 1 always raoeived the moat friendly treatment from the roev. canon; and with reference to tho Woeloayns' work in North Goulburn he had shown a kindly feeling all through-he had spoken of it kirdly, ond in overy way shown that he had no jealousy in his heart towards the Wcsloyansin the matter. Th first object in I opening a church in North Goulburn, their supreme desire, was "Glory to God in the highest." They wanted to offer increased facilitiesin the first place for their own people to worship.' There were some of their own people in the locality who wore old and could not go always or regularly to the more distant church in Goldsmith-street ; there wore others whose family was too large to permit of their re gular atterndsteo to that church; and there wore still others who did not attend when the weather was unpleasant, though they did whvteug o it wrs fine. They tulhrefore thotght their ownde people had claims on them in the roection of this ehapol. Blut their " ,in reason wits ts roe. gards humanttity. TIhtu r.~soa growing popU lation in North Goulburn, and they really wonted to got at those who wont nowthoro. They did not come tihere as shoopstealor. He had never tried to steal a shooep in his lifo (leughter), so he did not know what the feel ing was like, and he was not going to begin now that lo had passed his elimacteric in lifo; and he did not suppose one of the committee or supporters belonging to their chureh had any idea in building this church of stealing any body's seoop. He believed that if by r od's grace they should have their church aroutded there would be none taken from any church they wanted to get at those who did not wor ship anywhere. For God's glory and mou's good they were building the chapel, and he hoped that, as suoch objecots must ommoud them selves to every hlonest heart, appreciation of those objects would be shown in wteloono help. (MIr. oebb then gave a short history of the work in North Goulburn, showing that it had bheeo inaugurated by Mr. Rogers, father of Mr. C. Rogers, of the Arcade, and had been followed op il turn by it geotloieman named Roborthon, by Mtr. Youngmaon, jun;, and lastly by ir. Hodges.) Thon the mitter lay in abeyance for a time. Tih piece of bind on which they stood was pur chasod bytie trustees of the Goldsmith-street pro pertyond the late lamented tIrs. Caldwell loft the suh eotf £250 for the erection of t churchi on the site. Jowever, becaus the th trustees did not move in thie matter att the tiu the bequest wasto revokled. At lot a start was inad int the matter, and the North Goulburn people put their heads together and determined to hevo a church. In connection witlh this it was only right that lie should mention one gentlemans who had boeen most proeminent in the work-- goetleman of cittoruoteristie energy who had tirred stirred himself nd had stirred up others and had worked most vigorously. Ho considered North Goulburnt owed ta debt of gratitudo to IMr. Weodlasnd for the enterprise he htd shown.in ihurrying on this manotter. (Applso.) Hoe ws pleased with the success which had attended the movetont up to the present and was gra.tifiod with the general feeling of enthusionm with which the happy eventt of the day had been engaged in. He wtos equally gratitied with the fact that the ministers tund members of other churches were rallying round them that night; and he was proud of the epportunity of beiog able to read such a cordial fnd liberal- ohearted letter as that from the Rev. Canton D'Aroy Irvinet. He was glad to seu the Coptain of the Salvotion Army present. Method ism had helped the Salvation Army, and he did not see why the Salvation Army should not htoelp Methodism; and the presence of the Captain showed that the Army would help Methoditsm. The churches were recognizing that they had something more important to do than look aso nce at oneo another and thinke over their differences. Ho prayed that God mightbless all the churhes anud help them to do His work. After a selection by the choir, Mr. Woodland was called upon to present a financial statement. He said that up to the present there had been no occasion to preparoe one, and he would defer reading it till the open ing of the church. He thou sketched the history of the movement leading to the building of the church. Somo twelve months ago a petition signed by no less than sixty was proesnted to the trustees, askingl them to borrow on the security of the land a sutflciout sum to erect a church. Those ardent supporters of the forward movew moat and deentralisation-with the exception of Mtesrst. Wombey, C. Furner, and Nosworthy thought that the petitioners were too poverty stricken to raise the church or to re-pay the money, and would have nothing to do with it. Next day ohe met Mr. Colburt, and that gentln man said they would have a church and pro mised £5. That was the first thing that in spired them, and they determined to build a church if not on this on some other ground. They next approached the trustees and told them they had raised £50 aond guarnteed that not more than £1501 would remain as a debt on the clhurch. The trustees told them they could borrow the money, tecomo responsible them selves, and plnle the church on their ground. They thought tile best thing they could do was to accept it and they did so. Mesrs. Colburt, Pedloy, Kennedy, and tWomboy became guaran tors (Mr. WVombey: And yourself); and if the amount was not raised the trustees would take the church and the guarantors would have the satisfaction of knowing they had built a church at North Goulburn. They had obtained promises of subscription to the extent of £45. Mr. Womboy had stood by them nobly when the majority of the trustees were against them, and eo the committee had resolved not to go any where to seek some one to lay the foundation stone, but to ask Mrs. Wombey to honor them by laying it, and after some little persuasion she cooaunted to do tso. Ir. Colburt, Mr. and Mrs. Konnedy, and fir. Pedley wore others who had doote good service. Up to the present, ex clusive of the returns from the tca- mooting, the and on breaf of thne comnitteo he thanked all who uhadd attended that day, speaiully those out ide the oVcsloysleyan Church. The rev. chairman esaid he thought Mr. WCoodlaud was wrong in stating that a majority of the trustees wore opposed to the propoial. BIr. ,Voodland said that on the second occasion a trustee who weas opposed to it htayed away, and another who was in favour attended, alod that was how the trustees had consented. " Captain" Edwards, of the Salvation Army, was next called upon for an address. He said that when he received their invitation to attend this meeting he was rather taken aback, more especiully when told that he was expected to say a tew words. There were two or three rtoueton why the Weloyanu friends had a claim on bim. Tho first reason was that in his childhood's days thie way of etslvation was taught him in a Wesleyan Sunduy-school; another wtats that he was the great-grldous of one0 of tithe first huovdred Wctley tcul inters, aord cthrs of lois ancoeetors wero Wmluyesaso; bu' the uitrolge.t reason of atll was thot he loved ithe Lord Jesus Chriestl, anod thelorover the Lord's people were ausenhblcd together it was Ilia place to be if he could posstibly go. le rejoicead to think thoat anotlter clourch was being erected for the glory of God ae the salvatil on f souls. His heart wits with them in their world, and he hoped that all would join together and do their beat to help it. 'Thie choir sang another hymn. The Reo . i . c h. Tailt was the next speaker. In thitking over what he should say to them on this occasion he had thought that ohe might mualte a fwretmo rkhs on church extension. Ho migot amry before proceeding furtlher that l land no feeling of jealousy in connection with their movement, ind could therefore with a good conscienc wish them succses. Church building was not always synonymous with church extension, though he did not tuppo that se would b otho case in tils place. Ieis otn impression wI eas tthat the time was approaching whcu atll denorainations who wore interested in a district would beo onultoed and would consult together with regard to the building of a now church. It rtso a well-known fact that there were far too many churches in many places. Thrnughount this colony there would ho found in small placeo four or ive churches. Ina Crookwsll he believed there weore five or six churches, and that plae would be j(-t sufficieut to support one. The result of this general state of things was not mtroly a waoto uf ministerial labour and energy, Sobut a grout doolt of isojury wa done to cte peoplo theartolves. Mtirislters had seo to divide ttheir time between districts that no one district I roecived full attentiou. Ott great ectioun of ths l'rotestont churchest hlad stood aloof from tho others, toud that wt thOe Church of Enslgand; hut ill tle Citurch of REngland there was at tht poroIenrt tiato a noVeoment towards the uthor churuheo. Iiehop Barry had proposed to giee a poestion to the ministers of the various other Protestant denominations by reoegnising their ordination as valid, although irregular. This was not, however, a new movement. Several years ago in America tides matter 'was- taken up by the Bishops there and a basis drawn up on which they were prepared to meet the ministers of other denolminations. That work hed been going on. The fourth essential of the basis of union was laid down as the historie pisopateop , which was necessary to be recognized in any intereourse with the brethren of other denominations. That at the present time wits the chief bar to intercourse and to the carrying forward of the proposal made by the English Bishops for oloser union. He rejoiced not so much for what had been proposed by the Bishops in the old country regarding other ministers as in the fact that the question was being discussed. Bishops as a rule were very slow to move; but the fact that they wore moving, was a proof that better things were coming. They could safoly look forward to the change for various reasons. Two books pub lished recently had;,propared the way for fuller and freer intercourse between thbo Church of Englrnd and other churches. One was "The Ecclesiastical Polity of the Now Testament" by Dr. Jacob, the late head master of Christ's Hospital, and the other was " On the Growth of Church Instlitutions," by Dr. Hatch, of Oxford. These writers showed clearly the position which the Church of England occupied with regard to other churches at the time of the Reformation. It might surprise some of them when he told them that at that time the Bishops fully recog nized the stauding of ministers of the Reformed Church, and two of these ministers at least Bueer, the Reformed minister of Strasburg, and Peter Mattyr-wero appointed to chairs in the Universities without reo-ordination or artny thought of such a thing. Many Reformed ministers had been admitted into cures in the Church of England by simply signing the articles. The movement taking plaeo at the present time was not therefore a forward move ment, but a return to the position which the Church of England held at the time of the Reformation. What Dr. Hatch scil was " However the churches like our own may profer the episcopal government and ordination, yet, on the other hand, the government and ordina. tion of Presbyterian Churches are just as valid, scriptural, and apostolic as our own." Surely when such doctrines werepromulgated through out the land they might look for better things and to a time when the churches instead of acting as though they were scrambling about the population would go into spheres where they would he oapable of strengthening the hands of others instead of weakening them. The rev. chairman said that in the mission field in the South Seas the principle was clearly recognized by various branches of the Church of Christ not to interfere with each other. The Roev. W. Sparling, who was next asked to speak, said he had not had timno to propare an address such as that of Mr. Tait. He was there to show his brotherly feeling and his interest in all good work. There was something in the idea thrown out by Mr. Tait, and he had him self sometimes thought that the old English idea of a parish would be a nice idea to carry out if it could be done. After all, the various churches were all working for the same great and good thing. There might be points on which the denominations differed, but they were gotting closer together than they were a genera tion or tivo back. They had not yet arrived at a stato of perfection in church matters, though he believed they were aiming atit. He believed there was more of the spirit of Christ, and the different churches were influenced by a stronger desire to do good than they had been for some thnipast. He sincerely lhoped this new Wesleyan Church would prosper. Another church built in the sauce locality did not always mean that those chiurches already exist ing must suffer. He trusted that all would do thelir best ,to win to Christ the numbers that lived at the very doors of their chturches. (The rev. gentleman's speech was interspersed with several amusing anecdotes). A collection which realized .£3 3s 10d was taken up, and a hymn sung by the choir. The Rev. D. Allan was announced as the next speaker. After some remarks on the sub ject of tea-meetings lie said they had been hear ing that night about church extension, and hio had proposed to speak on that subject too. lHe did not lasow whether he was jealous or not of the Vcesleyans comring to North Gotulburn. The fact was he lhad not thought enough about it; but they were welcome its far as hie was con corned. They were a long way from his church. (Laughter.) There were those in all churches who grudged the prosperity of other churches ; but that was not his case. lie was no bigot, and he rejoiced in the prosperity of every church. Bigots were found in every church. A great maniy people thought that the Roman Catholic Church was the home of bigotry. No doubt it was bigoted, but it had not a monopoly of bigots; and the bigots in the Protestant churches were those who hated the Roman Catholic bigots nioste-ho supposed because they were rivals in trade. (Laughter.) His, opinion was that the true-hearted of all churches should rejoice in theis prosperity of the Kingdom of God in all churches. The bigots in the churches reminded him of an anecdote of an old woman who once saw n bear making for her husband iand called out - "I'm for fair play--I don't care which licks." They ought to say to the bigots in their own churches when they went for the bigots in other churches that they did not care which licked. Those who had been bap. tized with the spirit of Christ ought to have fomnething nobler in view than the prosperity of their particular body. He was not quite so sanguine as his friend Mr. Tait about all those grand movements in England and America. In 1881 the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church in America agreed to meet the Church of England on the batsis of the proposals made, but the Church of England had never taken a single stop in the matter to meet them. The fact was, he did not like those proposals. He did not like the proposal of Bishop Barry-the basis he laid down was an utter impossibility. Why should they, as Presbyterians, as Methodists, be stand ing out now if a union could be consummated on the basis of the episcopate7 Others had gone further than Bishop Barry, and practically told the Church of England that there was no authority whatever in the word of God or the early Christian community for the historic opia copaoy. Hatch had laid it down in the clearest terms possible that wherever the spirit of God was, there was the Church, and that there must be the fullest liberty for the free assembling of the people of God. All this talk of the historic 'episcopate was so much bunkum. If people liked bishops, lot them have them; he should niever have one. (Laughter.) In England a dissenter-he used the term conventionally had almost to apologisa for his very oxistenco--ho had to apologise for being a dissenter. That was not what ought to be, nor what would be by-and-bye, when a better spirit prevailed in the churches; but they must give up the notion that they could have e union on the basis of any church govern ment whatevor. There must bocompromise and there must be a union of co-operation before there could be an organis union. Before he sat down he wanted to bid those in the Wesleyan Church God speed, because he believed it to bo a right good hearty loyal church to the truth of God and it did God's work in a very practicol nmanner. He would be glad to give them any assistance he could. Votes of thanks to the ladies, to the ministers presert, and to the choir wore accorded by acclamation. MIr. Wonmboy explained with reference to MIrs% Caldwell's bequest of £250 to the churoch at" North Goulburn that the sum wari left on con sideratisn that the buildisg should be begun in. her lifetime, and as it was not begun she revoked it-shortly before her death, he believed. Theo proceedings closed with the singing of a hynn snd the benediction. 