CHRISTMAS CAROLS. [BY DE LIBKA "Then came the merry masquers in And carols roared with blithesome din." -MAHMIOX. Unce more (JUt Father Christmas comes among us; and none the leas welcome is he chat he visits the Sunny South, not with frosted beard ftnd snow-flaked furry robe, crowned with the Kissing-bush " and scarlet-berried holly, and bearing in his hand the wassail- howl and flaming snap-dragon, but harcd to tho waist, in gossa mer pantaloons and filmy puggaree-the emis sary of Pomona, decked with Flora's lavish gifts, and tendering the humble shandy-gaff or tho mavertcherche iced champagne. But come he how ox' where he will, he brings an endless train of memories and strange records, and softening even the most callous heart, attune3 it, for the time at least, to "tidings of great j°y-" With Christmas comes the Christmast Carols -quaint, quondam, miscellaneous mixtures of revelry and religion, possessing an original aroma all their own, on which a few words may be interesting at the present season to my readers, both old and young. The history of carols is somewhat indefinite and vague, but they seem to have had their origin in France or Burgundy, where they were sung in very far-off times. There they obtained the appellation of " Noels" Noel being to this day tho Wj^nch equivalent for Christmas. One o,f '^e earliest examples ou record is tha fc,uj,ous " Krose do L'ane," which was Annually si^ng at Sens and Beauv<>.;s on the Feast of the Circumcision, as early a,s the 12th century. This performance i stituted animportautpartofa favorite Mu-emonial connected with a popular fetivat called "La Fete de L'ane (the "Feast of the Ass," or the "Ass's Holiday"), in which a " patient moke," riohly caparisoned, and bearing on its back a winsome young maiden-the good old Twists always managed to get hold of the pvc.tty girls ! -with a child in her arms, w^s; Ud'through the city in commemoration of the Flight into Egypt, and finally brought back ill solemn pro cession to the cathedral. In the 16th and ',7th centuries these early form3 of the ">\ccl" were snccceded by carols treated \n \<hat is called ; the ,'polyphonic'-'style-Lhat is, harmonised in j parts in san^owhat the. same '.yay as a modern chorus- credit of leaving first so tvwvtod them b.eifog ascribed to. .Francois Eustaeho du Caurroy, the. AJaitye da OutpeUo to tho French Kings, Charles IX., Henri I{I., and Heuri IV. Somo of thu Fronoh oarola of this period possess great merit, and as a wholo havo not been sur passed by those of any other country. The history of English carols has yet to be exhaustively treated, for this peculiar form of music deserves more attention than it has yet received. In no part of the world is Yule-tide welcomed, even to this day, with greater re joicings than in England, and the appearaneo o.f the great London railway term fa on Christmas Eve is a '.ighj ta strike any but the - undc^auHtrativo and har dened T.anUuuar dumb-fouuded with amaze ment. As a natural cuusequence, Christ mas carols obtained a very firm hold in England, hough (it must be admitted) leas upon the taate than upon the affections of the pooplo. We have no English "Noels" like ihc^ of Eustache du Caurroy, but uiun,erft^" quaint verses and old melodies hav^teoii porpetuated, for the most }>art b^". tvaiiition alone and with out try adornment whatever; aud a strange and ourioiis'medley undoubtedly .they form. To understand the spirit of the English Christmas Carols rightly, we must rcniembuv. in this hemisphere, that in the old and i\oy ii.ern world Christmas occurs at tho ^o.iujacncenH'nt of the coldest part qf Vvin!,^, "and during the fery shortest qays, vv'hon there is sometimes barely'six bours'of daylight in Old England, just i,"s in the height of summer the days extend from o'clock in the morning till 9 o'clock at night. We must picture to ourselves tho \ lealless trees, their branches etched with, \vin ter's silver-no evergreen gums ;>tu» .Mpretou Bay figs-the -window-panes, fantastically deco rated by the facilc fingers of. Jack Frost, the streams and rivers ice-bound, aiid the country all round thick-cpyered with the. soft and siWnt snow! ' Poverty is helpless, food and . firing are necessary tin}, pres ervation of hare life; and then [he fine old hospitality for v-hick the mother count) # has ever 'b^ai so noted is witnessed, at best! merry in 'the ''all whi;^ ^iie. boards \vagg'd all'.'", go runs ope.of Vii.e gppd; old; Cava ber'songs;. and atj " To«,n ijhij mansions of the j greit'in '.'?ilerr^o ISiglai^ wrere op.PA {as they arr- to thi^/ikiX)) t?> high and low, with jovial me'i^imeut n^d h(<arty welcome. ?V v.'jv ^eh'i Willi rose3 in his shoe?, That night might village partner choose; Tim lord, underogating, share j The vulcrar game of Post and Pair." i The tables groaned with mountains of gooi) victuals: and while the elders carousy^ \\\ith sack and canary £.nd strong spiceA«Jci Qf pjissed the festive yassSail-bowl, ;\\\1 traiji^ef oi-dawcing, junketing, playing iy\d ftwi plentiful kissing under, thy. ttOcst'fHous mistletoe, were in dvil^iA 'w. byyounger folks. ' ^utwhilo''Merry Christmas"was preeminently tho season for morriment and rough rejoicing, it was also the greatsst (or at all events the next greatest to Easter) of all the Feasts of the Church (both Catholic and Anglican) preservesaremark able hold over the social life of people, ^wice, we find iu the old carols a peculiav,:^v>V, simple blending of religiou and ioviuUijVof.cliarity and revelry, of kindness, 'liunuyolence, aud hospi tality; v'hjyh weVo far more a pleasure than a ^Hty; 1 'thus, whether wc hear them devoutly in ii'place of worship, ov listen drowsily to tV.^&ing; iug by the " waits " iu the still, night, or make merry with them , \t;e.fljraw our'chair.s still closer around »i».e 'craol cling, sparks and glowjpj Wi'^oi-s'''' of. .'the ' Yule,'- log - which in, mortal combat the snow and fro3t without, we feel that there is a something about these carol peculiar to England, to the Kuglisli Christmas, the iingliah climate, and English traditions which it is difficult to render comprehensible impossible to make felt-under these bright and sunny skie3 where Christmas comes at Mid summer, and all our thoughts of holidays are on the mountains or the sea. The English carols may be divided into three classes-Ecclesiastical Carols, Popular Religious Carols, and Festive Carols,. Of the first class scarcely a finer example can be adduced than the celebrated " Adeste Fidcles," sufficiently well known in English as, "Approach, all ye faithful." Simple, broa , and beautifully melodious, few congregational hymns produce a more thrilling effect than this when sung by a congregation sufficiently culti vated to hold their pcace during the two bars of treble solo and duet. The next class-the Popular Religious Carols-are a more extensive category, and many of them are translations from the Medieval Latin-Latin at which the ghost of Virgil might stand aghast, but which has nevertheless a certain barbaric ring and pleasant cadence of its own that can scarcely be unpleasing to 'any but the uncompromising stickler for the Classics. Such ail one is "Christo Paremus Canticam," of which I sub join the first two English verses: When Christ was born of Mary free, In Bethlem, in that fair citie, Angels sang there with mirth and glee, " In Excchia Gloria ! " Herdsmen beheld those angels bright, To them appearing with great light, Who said, God's Son is born this night, " In Excclsis Gloria / " Still quainter is "The Legend of St. Joseph and the Angel," the first verse of which runs thus : As Joseph was a-walking, He heard an angel sing; His song was of the coming Of Christ, our Saviour King. The good man, long dejected, Had knelt to him who hears. The blest refrain now swelling Removes his doubts and fear?. Then follows the message of the Angel, in two verses, and the carol concludes as follows : Then be ye glad, good people, This night of all the year; And light ye up your candles, His stur it shineth near. And all in earth and heaven Our Christmas Carol sing, Goodwill and Peace and Glory And all the bells shall ring ! The surroundings of the Nativity and the beauty of the semi-divino maternal love of the Virgin for the infant Saviour were naturally prominent themes M'ith the simple-minded authors of those quaint old carols; and one there is, a " Cradle Song of the Blessed Virgin," that seems to me particularly touching in its rippling, childishly ecstatic tenderness-a tenderness that recalls to tlio mind of musical folks some of the passages of melting pathos that occur in rugged Johana Sebastian Bach's (St. Matthew's) "Passion!" Thus it runs entire : A CRADLE SOXI; or THE BLESSED VIRGIN. The Virgin stills the crying Of Jesus sleepless lying; And singing for His pleasure, Thus calls upon her treasure, My Darling, do not weep ; My Jesu, siwp! "O Lamb, my love inviting, 0 Star, my sould delighting, O Flower af mino own bearing, O Jewel past comparing! My Darling, ei& "My Joy, my Exultation, \- My spirits Consolation.-; My Son, my Spouse, »y Brother, O listen to Thy Mv«sher. Jdly Darling, etc. " Say, wouliVsi Thou heavenly sweetness, Or love.oi answering ir.eetness? Or is tit music wanting ? Ho ! Angels, raise your chanting ! My Darling," etc. But perhaps tlie most famous of all this class of carols is "(}oil Rest you, Merry Gentlemen," which, however, is too long to publish. This fine old melody possesses the best qualifications of a sterling hymn tuno, but its simple, noble beiuty can only ho fully appreciated when heard in polyphonic harmony, with the melody assigned tne tenor voice according to the in variable tradition of the 17th century. 