PESSIMISM AND OPTIMISM. fcONCLCDED.1 Hence, loathed Melancholy. Of Cerberus and blackest midnight born, In Stygian cave forlorn, 'Midst horrid shapes, and shrieks, and sights unholy : Find out some uncouth cell. Where brooding darkness spreads his jealous Aud the night raven sings. But come, thou goddess fair aud free, In Heaven yclep'd Euplirosyne, And by men, heart-easing Mirth. — L'Alijsgro. The character-name pessimist was not created by popular demand, it tells of the philosopher's study and smacks of the mid night oil. It must have proceeded full armed, as Minerva from thehead of Jupiter, from the moralist., s brain, hurled, iu the vehemence of dispute, against the philo sophy of his opponent — ' Thou pessimist ! darest thou, question the goodness of the Creator ? Art thou so devoid of virtue as not to have faith in the Sovereign Bene factor, that thou broacheat end maintained this pestiferous doctrine that man was created to he punished miserably, and not to he blessed etemallv ?*' ^ * wn ? the popuIp.ee wli-i gave the name of optimist to ; iiis in of GodV goodness and man's ftivhiL* r.-'lhfiijnshii). Since that far off day, :,i the time :-f the remissano.e, the two ap peliativcs have been pu' ;o week-day ?hmi'-sMic drcl-vrv : the r-iumblcr,' vinegar of ii.-p-ct atvl hursh 'of speech,' has had t lie word pessimist thrown _ at him whenever he, by his anticipations of the worst, has a' tempted to shutout the sunshine from our dwellings a'd despoil our hearts of their cheerful satisfaction ; and he who teaches the unquestioning con fidence in God's future and man's hereafter has been blessed by the joy-tears of women, the endearments nf 1 lia vrumfr. and his friends and neighbors have called him amiable optimist. For all this, pessimism yet dwells and flourishes upon our fears, still seeks to terrify the nations with the terrible flappings of the black banner of despair — ' black as night.' And yet we need not fear; for if we uplift our heads we shall see raised aloft the blue banner of ever youthful Hope borne by the trustful hands of the smiling Optimus. There are those we call pessimists in every walk, condition, and circumstance of life, even in every heart pessimism claims a cham ber as its own. and not infrequently makes good it= cliim by afiecting a lodgment. The continuance of humanlife may hereafter depend upon the battle ever Optimism has never yet, slain a man, but the rather made life more enjoyable to the possessor, and more assured, ever be stowing a. double blessing — ever the smiling harbinger of happy times, and carrying in its hand ' fulness of days.' We have seen how pessimism creeps into everything, and endeavors to spoil tbe sweet cup of life. There are different sorts of pessimists. It is their nature to complain and to have as much difficulty in admitting the presence of a real good, as the chemist has in pre serving a perfect vacuum. « lute reprobating the 'philosophy and habitude of a pessimist, we must always remember that man is not responsible for his mental or physical constitution. He is very much the child of his ancestors, and the outcome of circumstance. Training is necessary that he may avoid theinconvenient and select the healthful— in other words, virtuous— course. If we, his neighbors and natural guardians, keep the atmosphere of his life pure, and see to the education of his discriminative faculties, he will have a fair start iu life, and it will depend upon himself which philosophy he adopts. For it must be remembered that, although a man be not responsible for the beut of his inclination, he is responsible that he make : all strenuous effort to confirm the good and j do battle against the wrong, and we must also endeavor to remember, when we regard I those who have made a failure of life, that they arenot wholly self- blameable ; heredity and circumstance may have proved too L'JL 'can. Ullliil LUCIU. IIC VLLiy have been more fortunately circumstanced, more carefully bred. While there are few who take up with pessimism as a professed opinion, the number of those who are likened to pes simists because of their grumbling habits is innumerable. Pessimism is far oftener a habit than an opinion. Those who have held it as a doctrine may be divided into two classes — those who, hy an unfortunate life, have been driven to the very verge of despair ; and those who seem to be born with an inclination to cruelty, and derive a sort of devilish satisfaction in terrifying their fellow-creatures with awful threaten- ! ings and predictions, and even take a pleasure in inflicting pain upon their unhappy victims, and teach that the suf ferings of the flesh are acceptable to the I Supreme. The people who dwell under such a regime become cruel, super stitious, and take delight in the infliction of refined torture, and the wholesale letting of human blood. When an amiable civilisation has insisted on the suppression of such outrages, the vicious doctrines have slowly yielded up the ghost before a more God-like government. It is the optimists who have fought these battles mostly, and of the laity have sprung up the deliverers from the cruelty of fanaticism. The study of nature lias helped to do this, for nothing so purges the sight and sweetens the heart as an investigation of the wisdom, good ness, and mercy to be found by those who ? search out God's works. The pessimist has no energy for a great work. Why should be labor when the industry of men will only bring about dis aster and final ruin ? It is the optimist who believes and trusts in that inherent goodness, or say inclination towards a higher life, j that God, from the first, bestowed upon j man. The great army of philosophers, scientists, moralists, poets, painters, and j many others— all those in whom God has given a wisdom like Bazaleel's, who was inspired to design the furniture of the; Tabernacle — all these, century aftercenturv have never halted, have never ceased from, the labor put into their hands to fit man ' clothed, and in his right mind,' to sit at the feet of the great Teacher. The grumbler is always the prophet of evil. Like Edgar Poe's raven, 'Nevermore,' is the limit of his utterance. According to the pessimist, we shall never see the beauteous maiden named Leonore in the Elysian fields ; we have lost all that made life desirable, and ' nevermore' are we to walk with the three beautiful daughters Whom lovely Venus at a birth To ivy-crowned Bacchus bore. The statesmen of this class declare that the country is at the mercy of the first assailing enemy ; the one side financiers de clare that -9ur departments are deteriorating in ability to meet the duties laid upon them owing to the niggardliness of the Ministry ; the other side declare that the country will not stand another pennyweight of burden, that the last straw has been put upon that usually patient animal's (the people's) back, and that it is on the eve of riotous re bellion. The moralist, often would-be moralist, says that the people are fast fall | ing back into a state of moral debasement, ' out of which perpetual prayer could hardly save them ; the trader pulls a longer face, shrugs his shoulders, shakes his head, and ] says — ' The mercintile world, sir, is in a state of universal insolvency, sir, and worse, much worse is to come, sir.' Then the laborer, catching his words of doom, hastens home to his wife and tells her that very soon, Mr Pessimus is sure of it, the merchants will have no need of laborers. But here should come in the re-assurer. I cannot do better than give this delightful office to his smiling, and as yet, happy wife. Wife. — John, baby has cut another tooth, and has slept as quiet as a lamb all the morning. Dinner is ready. Baked rabbit, bacon, and cabbage. 