, WOMAA'S COLUMN. i A WOMAN'S TALK TO WOMEN. . .. ,. -. ,.? HATS. " But before women put sensible, not to sar beautiful, tliini outside their hçads, they will havo' tb put a' little more ln~li thom. At present tho bonnets and the brains thev oovcr arc ti often not uuflt companions,-" Art of Dr^s."," Mrs. IUwrts, Apropos of nothing, let us talk of hats. Apropos t hats, let us talk of them in tho past and present. TV shall find that experience teaches us nothing when : is tho experience of others, and very littlo when it individual experience. This is "a moral nphorisi which will appeal to no ono, being so trite ; but it ht ita bearing upon tho subject, or will have whon w talk of tho beautiful in art, end tho violation of ii commonest principios in cvoryday lifo. Ilats of felt, silk, or straw do not seem to offer muc scopo for entertainment, yet thoir historio ovolution i rather interesting, and a running commentary upon tb vanity th it givos such impolus to invontion and trndi " Hat-a hoad-covoring with a brim," is a doflnitio that would occur to us without a moment's hositatio woro tho quostion ashed ; and it is suggostivo of til force of ovolution that hoad covorings with a brim nt of modern origin, comparatively speaking. As a matte of fact, thoy woro not used oxtonsivoly in Europe ti tho fifteenth century, though wo find tho'primordit germ of tho hot in tho " potaitus " or cap worn by tb Greeks and tho Romans. It was somothing like th round hat of tho present day, and was only worn whil jtravolling; at other times tho topa sufficed, with cn: oxcoptiou. Wo aro told that Caligula permitted lb Romans to wear it at tho thootro to shade thoir eye from the sun. Aloxandor tho Groat woro it too t feasts, probably from a caprice. Tho Saxons wot hoad coverings, made usually of skins with tho shagg j sido turned downwards, until wool bocamo moro uset when it was mado of tbnt material. Among th Normans, tho hat was peculiar to tho laity, tho clcrg being forbidden to wear it. -In Bhape it was moro lilt a bonnet than a hat, for it was tied under tho cbii and was worn in hunting and outdoor sports to protcc tho bend from tho wind and weather-a vory nccessnr precaution when it was tho fnshion to wear tho hair i long ringlots, that woro apt to catch in boughs o trees, or got blown about by tho wind. Tho first mention of hats in Europoan litoraturo is i tho " Romance of the Roso," whore a Indy is describe as wearing a hat, instoad of tho universal " wimple, o veiL" " D'ung chnpporoii, en liou do voilo, bur lu guimplo oust couvert sa toste." But it was ovidently only a vagary indttlgod in b; thoso who woro wealthy and of high degree, for it wa sufficiently raro to bo roinarkod as part of tho roya wardrobo of tho Empress Isabella, sister to Hour III., who appeared in a hat on somo ceromonioui occasion, probably in tho winter, as she wore it ovo tho " poplus," a much-oxtiggorated wimple, covorin; hoad, shoulders, and neck, and only worn in colt wenthor, or as a means of disguise, for she is mentionoi ns having laid asido both that the people might see ho: face. Chaucer, in describing tho Wife of Bath, sayi she was *' wimplod well;" and had a hat upon her heat os broad as a buckler or target " Upon un amblor easily she sat Y wympled wei, and on hor head a hat' As brodo as in a bokelur ur a fargo.'' This must surely havo boon tho muse that inspired thc invontivo genius of Bench's hat. Up to tho 15th Century tito wearing of hats was ro garded as a mark of rank and distinction. They were first mado of velvot or silk, but about tho middlo ol tho 12th Century, a " hatte of beaver " was worn by Bomo of tho "nobles of tho lando mott at C arendon," nnd in 1340 Froissart speaks of hats and plumes worn nt Edward's Court. In tho 12th Century tho scarlol hat was consecrated to tho use of tho cardinals by Pope Innocent IV. Ilislory repeats itself, and tho present towering bend. gear is only a repetition of tho fashions of tho 15tli Century when Isabella of Bavaria indulged iu such extravagances of dress that tho doorways in tho palace of Vincennes, whoro sho hold her court, had to be made higher and wider to admit tho headdresses of thc Queou and her ladios. Then, as now, Paris was thc centro from which all changes of fashion emanated ; and, by and bye, a Vavo of this fantastical folly reached England, and called forth tho biting sátiro of one Phi.ip Stubs, who, in his " Anatomy of Abuse«," wrote scathingly upon' the modo of hoaddrossing thoa in vogue. Tho hair was " curled, frizzled, and crisped, laid out on wreaths and borders, and from ono oar tc tho other, and lest it should fall down, it was under- propped with forkes, weirs, and I cannot toll what. Then, upon tho' toppos ot thoso stately turrets, stand thoro othor capital ornaments, a French hood, hatte, cappo, or korcher, and such like, whereof some b>> of vel- vot, somo of this fashion, and some of that ; and to such excoss is it growne, that every artificer's wife almost will not sticko to goo in her hot of velvot every day. Every merchant's wife nnd mcano gentlewoman, in their French hoods, and overy poor cottager's daughter's daughter in her tnffoto hat, or olso wool ct least, well lined with silk vol rot ortatlela." Lilto all other articles of dross, hats havo won his- torical renown through being significant of party feeling and political or religious differences. They were tho distinguishing featuro. of the Cavalier nnd Roundhead factions; they woro made tho emblem of tho strong reaction from - wild- profligacy to puritanic asceticism. Tho infamous " red cap of Liberty " of tho French Revolution, placed menacingly on ill-fated Louis' head, was emblematic, too, of a dooper corrup- tion which had its root far down in tho conservation of a national recoil against tyranny and wroug-doing, which influenced as much as any other vagary of life. Tho custom of. taking . tho hat round for collections arose from a practico among sea captains of taking their hats round, aflora long voyage, to solicit a gra- tuitous gift for his core of them during tho voyage. A3 organisation is tho socret of modern suc- cess, fashion no longor creates' itself out of tho whimsicality of some popular beauty, or Bonanza queen. It emanates now from a ring of Parisian milliners, whoso artistic instincts and education are bound down by so many other considerations that tlteir'tasto has really vory littlo scope. They moot in solemn conclave many months before tho new fashion is to bo put upon tho market, and decide shape, style, and colour in tho most arbitrary mnnnor. Probably a certain amount of philanthropy is thrown into tho scale, by which thoy consider tho best moans of saving wholesalo manufacturers from loss by utilising tho last season's stock. Lut in such'anagoof utility as this, wo may bo suro that- philanthropy has ita marketable value lilto ovcrything olso ; and, if we could lay bare the secret of those conclaves, wo should find tho whole question of beauty and utility is mado secondary to monetary considerations. We make ourselves attrac- tive or tho reverse according to tho amount of blind faith with which wo accept tho dictum " What is, is best" . Assuming that "beauty is valuable or worthless accordiug as you invest tho property to tho best advantage," and that it is not only the duty of every woman to look as well as nature intended sho should, but a groat doal better whero fortuno baa been nig- gardly or fato unkind, tho question of hats and bonnets is a most serious one, especially now when tho "red rago" has becorao'tuch a maaia that it has passed all bounds of moderation, and, Uko every excess, has passed from a striking fashion to a hideous monstrosity. Bed, rod, rod, wbcrovor wo turn, without oven thu' relief of a graduated sbado of tones, it is all ono conspicuous blaze of weak red, that is death to the most beautiful complexion. For somo time it was a per- plexing puzzle to account for tko number of whito faces this winter ; why thero should bo aa air of sickly hot-house growth or factory pallor about tho faces walking through our stroots ; but it is quits explained since tho idea occurred that crazy fashion was at the bottom of it. This " red rago " can easily bo amplified (or contracted) into an economical design to work up past fashions and utiliso straws gono yollow by dyeing thom a colour sufficiently distinctive to hido all blemishes. Tho edict went forth that red was to ho worn, and we obey implicitly without tho smallest con- sideration of appropriateness. And tho result is that red meets us at every turn, not merely in a towering, hat of hard, unbecoming shape, but in the dress, parasol and even gloves. . From this halo of Mephistophelian llamo peer forth pallid faces, bleached into ghastliness bv contrast ; or muddy skins, tbat look the moro tur- bid by comparison with the clear rod ; or yollow-hairod, yollow-skinnod girls, whoso, straw-coloured eyolashes and eyebrows bocoiho painfully accentuated and ex- pressionless by the livery of red that surrounds j thom. I An authority on dress as an art speaks most decidedly on tho uso of this" colour. "The rods admissible in close proximity to the face must be arranged with caution. Tho red in tho face is usually easy to extinguish, whilo persons who oro very florid must bo oven more careful wha reds they uso than' pale people. " Sho goes on, " A woman's head-dress may.nbt be so important as her head, but there can bo no doubt that what sho chooses to wear on her hoad, and tho way in which she chooses to wear it,, vastly affects tho impression she makes on others. Women usually liko something which gives them height, piquancy, and, above all, con- spicuousness. They aro not to bo blamed for this. At woman's role is to attract, and, when she has attracted, to enchain. Firstly/then, a head-dress should sot off and should draw tho oyo to tho noblest portion of tho face. It ought to conceal a bad outline ; it should di«play a fine ono; it should not deform tho shapo of tho hoad; it should, iu colour, enhance tho comploxion, whatever it may bo, and ' throw up ' tho huo of tho hair. Secondly, it ought, of course, to bo a pretty object in itself, and mado of hnndsomo materials. It occupios tho placo of honour in tho wholo toilette, and is not, . liko tho skirt, liable to collect the dirt off tho ground, nor, liko tho bodice, apt to bo hidden under a bushel ; it is always conspicuous, and has a character to koop up. It might, thoroforc, with propriety bo tho most cxpensivo part of tho attire. Thirdly, and in addition, wo may just hint-wo hopo without oftonco-that if it can bo useful and oomfortablo, it is just as woll." Lot us lay Ihoso sensiblo injunctions to hoart, and reflect how we furthor the destruction of a becoming ensemble by tho trying, not to say ugly, stylo of present hats. Walk through the streots sharply on tho watch for a picturo of beauty to carry homo as a refreshing memory. You will pass scores of girls whoso garments roprosont a substantial choquo, yet whoso facos might serve a writ of libel on their hats for tho cruel injury they do thom. Look at them how you will, thoy aro hard, unbecoming, and inartistic. Even tho prettiest lace looks ill-used, while tho plain ono looks plainer ; comparo tho just proportion that delights tho eyo with tho present monstrosity that rises liko a mis-shapen sugar-loaf, solid and serious, its cumbersome brim turned up liko a gutter of unequal width, and called a brim ; then it is beautified (save tho mnrk!) with ribbons and feathers till it towers high abovo tho hoad, " and as a consequence sunshade handles aro- rapidly attaining tho dimensions of scaf- fold polos, lints continue rising, and tho lighthouso stylo of coifl'uro is being generally adoptod in swagger circles," so says a London paper. But to return to tho cardinal sin, how long aro wo to enduro these trying hats ? How long sacrifice tho ghost of rosy choeks our enervating climato allows us on tho alter of insensato fashion? Wo rejoiced in tho advent of Bailor hats and Gninsboroughs, two shapes that givo piquancy and graco to almost every face, and from them wo rush to hard uubocomingnoss, utterly regardless of tho truth that it is every womun's duty to make herself as pleasant an object of admiration as is consistent with her position and surroundings. Thero is' left ono con- soling, reflection,' a reaction must follow, and that re- action will bo to quiet, harmonious colours, and graceful outlino that will make us look as though wo bod been somehow rejuvenated. ' " Which doth even beauty beautify,, .. . ' Aud inost bewitch the enptived eye." MOREE BEALIBA. 