GENERALITIES. Magistrate (to Chiuaman)—" What is your complaint against this young man, John?" Chinaman (unable to collect a laundry bill)— •• ITo tnn mnnhdA " 'He ton mucbee by-and-by.' Paris has a " society lor the protection of young men who bave lost their latch-keys and can't get into the bouse." What was the matter that the police couldn't take care of them! Physician (completing examination)—''• My \- "It diognosis causes me great uneasiness, sir. It Ib extremely—" Selfish Patient (interrupt ing) : " Oh, confound your diagnosis ! How Is my liver ?" Philanthropist—" My friend, it makes my heart bleed to seeyou in this state." Toper —"All right. Well, you mark me, it'll make yer noBe bleed too if yer atop much longer. Exit philanthropist. Ambitious Musioian—"I have fame at last in my graBp," •' How so ?" " Ton know that Mendelssohn's wedding march helped amaz ingly in making hiB fame." " Well, what of it ?" " I shall write a divorce march." A magazine writer tells ns that there are only 6,000 stars visible to the naked eye, bnt any(nneducated man who ever ran his nose against the cellar- door in the dark knows that there are at loaBt four times as many as that. The middle man is generally a pretty com fortable sort of person in business life, but he looks more unhappy than a hen with red flannel on her leg, wnen he is dragged out to a concert by his mother-in-law and hiB wife's annt A verdant green young gentleman stopped at one of the hotels and sat down to dinner. Upon the bill of /are being handed to him by the waiter he remarked that he " didn't care 'bont reading' now —he'd wait till after dinner." Cnlbereton—" I believe I've killed the dog, Finn ?" Finn (the gamekeeper)—" Give your self no nnaeyiness, sor. He always lies doou phin a gintleman isieBes a burred jest ter aiBe the gintleman'a feelin'e, sor, be makin' him think he's shot somethin'." Griggs—" See here, Siimley—a word with you before you go. You've been calling on my sister for three months, and I think it's about time to ask your intentions." Siimley —"Perfectly honou'-.hle, Tom. 8he pro posed to me to- night, and we'll be married soon." A juvenile entered a famous Glasgow " sweetie" shop, which wsb in the act of being closed for the evening, and, rapping on the connter to attract the attention of the shop keeper, he exclaimed, " Hey, man, ye micht tak' afl yer shutters a wG"e till I see what I'll buy wi' my penny." Griefs are like the beings that endure them —the little ones are the most clamorous and noisy; those of older growth and greater magnitude are generally tranquil and some times silent. Oor minds are like ill-hung vehicles ; when they bave little to carry they make a prodigious clatter, but when heavily laden they neither creak nor rumble. They were at the front gate in the moon light, and he asked her to be his wile. With outstretched arms and a throbbing heart he awaited her reply, " George," ehe said, in a nervous whisper, " you must give me time— you must give me time." "How long?" he asked? "a day, a week, a month, a year ?" "No—no, George," aod she soanned the sky quickly, "only until the moon gets behind a cloud." Patient—" I wish you would prescribe for me, dootor. I am nervous and restleBB and my eleep is disturbed by nightmares hideous enough for delirium tremens" Doctor—Pos sibly your heart is diseased. Do yon lie on the right side?" Patient—"Great Soott! doctor, I thought yon knew that I am run ning an independent newspaper and have to lie on all sides." A man was brought up by a farmer and accused of stealing some ducks. The farmer said he should know them anywhere, and went on to describe their peculiarity. " Why," said the oounsel for the prisoner. " they can't be such a very rare breed; I have some like them in my yard." " That's very likely, eir," said the farmer; " these are not the only ducks of the sort I have had stolen lately." Many a one who in the great crisis of life has acted the hero's part has been Bhamefully overcome by some little sin or some secret temptation. The sudden irritation and the stinging word oarelesBly spoken in the domestic circle, the chafing and trying epi sodes in the tediouB routine of our daily work —these are the things that prove and weigh our manhood more -than any other. Snails never drink, but imbibe moistnre during rain, and exude it afterwards. They are seldom seen abroad except before rain, when they commence climbing trees and getting upon the leaves. The tree-snail ia bo sensitive to weather that it will commence to olimb two days before the rain comeB. If the downpour is to be prolonged, the snail seeks the nnder-part cf a leaf; but, if a short or light rain is coming, it stays on the outside. A short time ago a poor Irishman applied at the Parochial Office, Glasgow, for relief, and some doubt beiDg expressed as to whether he was a proper object for parochial charity, he enforced nie suit with much earnestness: —"Och, yer honors," said he, "share I'd been starved to death long since but for my cat!" "Your cat?" enquired the Board. " How so ?" *' Shore, yer honors, I sold her eleven times for sixpence each time, and she was always horn? again before I could get there meBelf." I "Foots, my son," said old Hyson, "are dry, hard, ana harsh things." "Don't know about that," said the young man softly, " my j engagement to Miss Ethel is a fact, and she's the tenderest, softest, sweetest, ronndest, daintieBt little" " Shut up 1 roared the old man, slamming the ledger to with a bang ' that upBet the ink, " Get out of the office 1 You make me sick 1 Bah 1" And you would bsve thought it had been two thousand years since old Hyeon had said about the same things to his father, bnt it was not. It was only about twenty years ago. A "plucked" medico sends to the Bailie the paper on Mechanics given at the exami nation of the Faculty of Physicians and Sur geons. Be oontends that the Beventh question as pnt is insoluble; at all events it was in solo ble to him. The following is the conun drnm as pnt by the examiner:—" A piece of cork weighs 4 lb.; a piece of metal weighing 10 lb. is attaohed to it, and the whole maBB weighs 8 lb. in the water. Determine the specific gravity (1) of the cork, (2) of the metal." The medico " gibs it up," and wants a solution. (Scene—A Suffolk village school. Govern ment Inspector examining a class on the sub ject of the Witch of Endor and Samuel's ghost.) Government Inspector—" Well, boys, what did the Witch cf Endor think she saw?" (Pause.) First Boy—"Plaze, snr, that war an apparition." G. L—"Quite right; but what is an apparition?" (Longer pause.) Second Boy — "Plaze, sur, that be a " G. L—"7* spactur 1" G. L—" Yes, yes, bIt—quite right again, so far; bnt what's a spectre ?" (Pro longed pause.) Bright Hoy (in a wil& falsetto) —" Plaze, sur, that be a gentleman as goo about examinin' schulee 1" "Did you notice Mr. Languid in Church• this morning, dear? He seemed very mneh touched by our dear pastor's sermon."' " Touched by the pastor's sermon. Bubbish!' He was touched about fifty times by Mrs. Languid's parasol to keep him fiom being hypnotized by the sermon, that's the fit of it." Corn seed thk Conductor.—In a town in the Mohawk Valley lives a man who may be - called, for tbe time being, Jobn Smith.. Smith etandB about six feet two in his thin nest stockings, In the old days when a ticket - from Chicago to New York—or anywhere else—waB " good only for continuous trips on day and date," Smith and his wife left the wicked western city one day for the metropolis. At Lockport they etopped over tbe night, and the next day they started on again with two young ladies, acquaintances, who pur chased tickets for Palatine Bridge, ^hen the conductor came along to pnnoh the ticketa he prononnoed the Chicago tickets worth less—stamped and partly used the day be fore- Smith muBt jjay his fare, he said. John expostulated, but in vain; be mnet pay two faxes or leave the train. The oonduotor agreed to take up the xeBt of the train load,. and come back, while Smith thought it over. When he returned Smith still looked dubious. He held up the four tickets—two to New York, two to Palatine—in bis mind and said slowly, " Now yon say these two to Palatine ere good ? " Yes. " " And these two, from Chicago to New York, are not good ?' " Not worth tbe paper they're printed on, no sir." Then the conductor began to grow impatient and oontinned sharply : " Well,. eir, yon must burn up. Pay your fares or I'll jmt you oft" Smith held up his tiokets . again and said, with exasperating delibera tion : "Well, here are four tickets and four people. Who are yon going to put off?" The conductor looked at Smith a moment, bit hie liD. punched the four tickets, and left the car. —Albany Journal. 