THE DEATH SHIP:' I A STRANGE STORY ; k g 4q0iuk1 01 a 0ruxse in the hitbi® i bhtwma3, oalliwed irom the papbb8 I 5r ibb LATE MR 6E0FFREY HKXQN, OP i foflab, MASE» mariner. I Bs W, Clark Russell, IlilkNof 'Ike Wreok of the Groavenor,' 'The I — Golden Hope,' etc. Gbapteb XVIII.— The Death Ship Most I be Slow at Plying. I I stood a moment or two at une ooor, Kittehing the clock whilst it struck, and I putty admiring the workmanship of the likdston that rose and speared with his lanoe, toping time to the sonorooa o aiming, wuian | nag with a solemn interval between eaoh lint. The great age of this timekeeper was Ityond question, bat the horn that protected itfsoeoi it prevented me from perceiving here wbb any maker's name or date there. I to the skeleton sank, I could not bat hire the p&tness; of the meehaniem to the IceditioQ of the ship and her crew, for what MlS Bur pass the irony of this representation olDiath perpetually foiled in his « eff ortB to I Sty Time? Which was yet the ease of Vasderdeoken and his men, whose mortality 1m constrained to an endless triumph over flat force which drives all men horn of H voman through nature into eternity. I 1 felt a -seaman's cariosity to have a good link at: a ship of which there were a thousand stories afloat in every forecastle threoghonfe the world, and so X climbed H through the hatch on deck, dressed in the ifyiimwhich Ihad made my first appear ing. The second mate, Antony Arents, booed the vessel, standing near the helm Mh his arms folded in a sullen, moody ftoore, even so as to resemble a man toned into stone. Yanderdeoken was at weather rail, ereot and noble looking, his Jjjjk<lin the attitude of a stride, that he I Jp balance himself to the rolling deck. I r 'krati fixedly to the windward, his great IMkpejted, blowing like smoke over jwei shoulder, and his brows lowered into I, "mptaoaa sccwl upon his sharp "a cjch. h« a sw men oa tbe decks that J' mu®ed up to their noses ; but I did IiWiT tn!n HP5ak to one another nor go 15? B®y kfcd of work. They had the same to.g-rQ5le' ®otrauoed air that was y.J8'n aueh as the two mates and Tha.?! « ' 1 had already observed, liiuo j e< an amaz,D8 pttare as she I h Ean fipon tho billows, half hidden I tJ oi froth swept by the wind IttiB » j! 3m?8t8 wilder soreamings llhsBraoi! ma houses could make. t0PB« her spritsail top n,«u8 oa f another top at the ItodtftriA . wePrtt — she had no jibboom— I Uizsen8 El? ater tbe lateen-style on £avfl her 80 true a looIc of lottid ho ba< keen bnllt that It llud m ®P®»ihle for any sailor to ate her abiP she was. None Ityof William1 tt?81 ba8.be®D afloat since the He lfee 0. . l;i nor is it conoeivable that B will ever be seen again. I —1 Hold a Conversation i ;m.obew. thick aale?1138 ? ai8h4, Meed, in withfi ®ay®8'el woW have \ had to a olna to be vifflblQ| ft I ihoughfS®181??64 nor 8P0fee to LSby hi?aL 8, muight take it ill if I StLhe mi8ht coLPr, r u 40 fceU bn W regwd thfl SClWfatt M a hint to S5 D OJorehSS walk®fi aft, the second UBBaife8 m®han « I had been I — - ' bilst the helmMHtt|| af|®r 4or?D8 a small pair of glassy eyes upon S «Srai Wl? ve5a» direoled tham again wa10vertbebow'll« fae as sullenly SB ?-9 other8> albeit he handled tiller with good judgment, 1 meeting her,' as we sailors say, when she needed it, and hold- lnS vfiry clean and careful luff. My curiosity being geeat, X ventnred to peep into the binn&ele;, or bittaole aa it wee formerly called, a fixed box or case for hold ing the mariner's compass. The card was very old fashioned, as may be supposed, yet 10 swung to the movement of the snip, and I could not suppose that it was very inftcourate, sinoe by the aid of it they periodically made the land where they hunted for meat and filled their oaeks. As neither Yanderdeoken nor Antony Arents offered to hinder me from roaming about, I determined, since I was about it, to take a good look at the Death Ship. I examined the swivels, which were very green with decay, and tried to revolve one on its pivot, but found that it was not to be stirred, The tiller had been a very noble piece of timber, but now presented the aspect of rottenness that nil the rest of the wood in the ehip had, yet it had been very elegantly carved, and numerous flourishes still over ran it, though the meaning of the devices was not to be come at. The rnddsr head worked in a great helm-port, through which a corpulent man of eighteen stone might have sllnned fair inftn the ana nnriomaott. Then I thought I would step forward, not much minding the washing of the seas there, and passed Yanderdeoken very cautions Iy, ready to stop if he should look at me, but he remained in a trance, like a stone figure, all the life of him gone into his eyes, which glared bnrnisg and terrible at the same part of the ocean at which he stared when I first observed him stirless ; so I stepped past and descended to the quarter-deck, where there was nothing to see, and thence to the npper deck. The bulwarks being very high enabled me to dodge the seas as I crept forwards, and presently I came abreast of the foremast, where stood Jans, the boatswain, along with three or fonr seamen, taking the shelter of a sort of hutoh, built very strong, whence proceeded sounds of the granting of hogs, and the mattering of geese, hens, and the like. As I needed an excuse to be here, for these fellows believed the time to be that of Cromwell and Blake, and looked upon an Englishman as an enemy, and, therefore, might round upon me angrily for offering to overhaul their ship, £ said to Jans, in my oivilest manner : ' Are the men who rescued me last night here ! I shall be glad la thank them.' Yonder's Houtmano,1 said he, bluntly ; 1 the other's below.' I turned to the man named Houtmann, and saw in hiia a sailor of perhaps three score, with a drooped head, his hands in his pookets, a worn, wrinkled, melancholy face, his complexion, like that of the othert, of the grave ; he web dressed in boots, dooee yellow tarpaulin trousers, and a frock of the same material ; he had a pilot coat on, a good sou west cap — such as I myself wore aboard the Saracen — and there was a stout shawl around his neck, I pat out my hand and said, 1 Houtmann, let an English sailor thank a brave Hol lander of bis own calling for his life.' He did not smile — showed himself by not so muoh as a twitch in his face sensible of my Bpeecb, save that in the most lifeless manner in the world he held oat his hand, which I took, bat I was glad to let it fall. If ever a hand had the chill of death to freeze mortal flesh, his had that coldness. No other man's skin in that ship had I before faunnVintfi ihnnoVl mo avm lie A konn nofwo ko U»U MWW WWM W/ Yanderdeoken, and this contact makes one of the most biting memories of that time. The others were variously attired in such clothes as yon would conceive a ship's slop- ohest would be fitted with from pickings of vessels enooontered and ransacked in a hundred and fifty years. They had all of them a Dutch cast of countenance, one look ing not more than thirty, another forty, and eo on. Bat there was something in them — though God knows if my life were the stake 1 shonld not be able to define it — that, backed by the movements, complexions, and the like, made yon see that wish them time had become eternity, and that their ex teriors were no more significant of the years they eenld count than the effigy on the tomb of a man represents the dost of him. ' It blows hard/ said I to Jans, making the most of my stock of Dutch, and re solved to oonfront eaoh amazing experienoe as it betel me with a bold faee. ' But the Brasva is a stout ship and makes excellent weather. c So think the rats/ exclaimed Hontmann, addressing Jane. ' A plague on the rats t' cried Jans. ' There's but one remedy. When we get to | Table Bay the hold most be smoked with sdlphnr.' I never knew- rats multiply as they do in fhifl ship,' said one of the sailors, named Kryns ; ' had we been ten years making the passage from Batsvia, the vermin oonld not have increased more rapidly.' Where dotheorew sleep?' said I. Jans pointed over his shoulder with his thumb to a hatch abreast of the after- end of the forecastle bulwark. The cover was over it, for there the spray was constantly shooting up like steam from boiling water, and filling the iron-hard hollow of the fore sail with wet which showered from under the arohed foot-rope in whole thunderstorms of rain. I said : ' It will be dark enongh down there with the hatch closed V 'Ay/ said the youngest-looking of the seamen, named Abraham Boihma— I took down their names afterwards from Imogene's dictation, conceiving that the mentioning of them would prove of interest to any descendants of theirs in Holland into whose hands this narrative might efaanee to fall — ' bat we keep a lamp always burning.' 'Bat should you run short o? oil !' said I, timorously, for I had made up my mind to pretend to one and all thai I believed they had sailed from Batavia in the preceding year, and the question was a departure from that resolution. 'Oil is easily got/ exclaimed Jans, roughly, ' What use do you English make of the porpoise and the grampus ? Is not the sea bird fa 1 of it? And fish yoa in any bay along the coast 'twixt Natal and Oape Town, and I'll warrant you livers enongh to keep yonr lamps burning for a voyage round the world. And what ship with coppers aboard can be wanting in slush ?' 1 Herr Jans/ said I, 'I am a sailor, and love to hear the opinions of persons of my wwu.ywlliigi- alxgawiurtl x woqlu ftsk jvu| qo you not oonsider your ship greatly hampered forward by yonder sprit-topmast and heavy yards there ?' And to reader myself perfectly intelligible, I pointed to the mast that I have already described as being fixed upright at the end of the bowsprit, rising, so to speak, out of a round top there, and having a smaller top on the npper end of it. ' How wonld yon have her rigged ?' asked he, in a sneering manner. Why/ said I, cautiously, ' as most of the ships yon meet are rigged — with a jibboom upon which you can set more useful canvas than Bprifcatls.' On this Bothnia said, 'Let your country rfg its ships as it chooses, they will find the Dutoh know more abont the sea and the art of navigating and oammanding it than your nation has stomach for.' I oonld have smiled at this, but the voice of the man, the de&dnesa; of his face, the terrifying; life in his eyes, the sombre gravity of the others, standing about me like people in their sleep, were such a corrective of hnmour as might have made & braver man than I am tremble. I dared not go on talking with them; indeed, their lookscaused me to fear for my senses, so without further ado I walked aft and entered the oabin, hoping to find warmth and recovery for nay mind in the beauty and conversation of Imogene, Not knowing bow to pass the time, I went to the old framed pictures upon the Bides, and fonnd them to be panels fitted to the ship's plank, and framed eo ab to form as much a part of the structure as the carving on her stern would be. But time, negleot, dirt, or damp— one or all— had so befooled or darkened the surfaces that most of them were more like the heads of tar barrels than paintiugs. Yet here and there I managed to witnaes a glimmering survival of the artist's work ; one representing the fish market at Amsterdam, eueb of the figures as W6re plain exhibiting plenty of hnmour; another a Dutoh East Indiaman, of Yander- deoken's period, sailing along with canvas full, streamers blowing, and the Batavian colours standing out large from the ensign staff ; a third was a portrait, but nothing was left of it save a nose, whose rnddy tip Time had evidently fallen in love with, for « gwTvvu| 81 uivuiu tt auvy tended with, laughter, and one merry little eye, the other having sunk like a star in the dark clood that overspread most of this panel. This, I suppose, had been the portrait of a sailor, for ss muoh of the re maindcr as was determinable all related to Amsterdam and things nantieal. I wondered how the young lady contrived to pass her time. Had she books? If so, they wonld doubtless be dull performances in old Dntoh, fat and wormy volumes bound in hard leather— as alnggish In their matter as a oanal, and very little ealonlated to amnse a spirited girl. Evidently, in the five years she had been sailing with Yander deoken, she had learnt what she knew of Dntefa ; ke spoke fluently, and with a good accent, though, to be sure, it was the Duteh of 1650. -I constantly directed my eyes towards ber oabin, in the hope of seeing her emerge, for I felt mighty dull and sad, and longed for the sight of her lair and golden beauty ; and all the while I was wondering how she had endured, without losing her mind, the dre&dfal; imprisonment she h&d; undergone and was yet undergoing, and the still more fearful association of the captain and bis men. Chapter XX,— Imogens Bats She will Trust Me. A half hour passed, and during that time I had sufficiently recovered from the die-, tressfnl croak of the panot to wonder, as any sailor would, how the ship wa isavlgated; fori could hot doubt that the elook kept pretty olose to the tone time, since the easting and westing made by the ship was small, never, perhaps, exceeding tendtgrew; sngtbc ofrowarifino of noon | _ s having struck set me wondering in what fashion the captain and mates navigated the ship, whether they used the oross-staff, or relied on dead-reekoning, or were supac- natur$lly conned. At haltpasfc twelve arrived Prins, to pre pare the table for dinner. I was so dull that his eoming was extremely weleome, and I watohedhim go about his work with interest, not, perhaps, unmixed with fear. Out of the great drawer under the table he withdrew the cloth, knives, forks, silver goblets, and the like, which had been set out for breakfast ; but his movements were those of a marionette rather than a man's, he scareely looked at what he did, putting a goblet here, and a knife and fork there, and so on, with the lifeless air of an object controlled by mechanism. Small wondsr that the unhappy wretch should know his business ! He had been at ii long enough ! Yet it wrung my heart to wateh him and to think thai he would still bs arranging the cabin tables, and attending upon Yanderdeoken and his mates when Heaven alone knows how many times the wave of civilisation should have followed the sun round the globe, and how often oar British Islands should have lapsed into their ancient savageness and emerged again. Whilst he was at this work, Miss Dudley stepped out of her oabin. She eame to a stand, not instantly resognising me in my own clothes, but quickly satisfying herself, she advanced with a smile and sat down near me, with no farther sign of timidity than a slight bluBh which greatly heightened her beauty. ' Where is Oaptaiu Yanderdeoken ? said she. ' I left him on deck three-quarters of an hour since/ 1 answered. We were talking when he suddenly broke off, and I should have supposed him in a fib but for his erect posture and the fiery life In his eyes.' ' This happens to them all,' said she, ' as you will find oat. I do not know what it means or why it should bs.' ' Possibly/ I exclaimed, recalling the conjecture I have already written down, ' the death in them grows too strong, at periods, for the power that sustains them, be it demoniao or not ; and then follows a failure 0! the vitality of the body, which yet leaves the spirit — as one sees it flashing in Vanderdeoken's eyes— .strong 6ncugh to rec over the aorporeal forces from thejr lan guor. But how terrible is all this for yon to be llvirg familiarly with ! — the sweet, fresh, human life of the world, your beauty would adorn and gladden, hidden from you behind the melancholy sea-line, and the passage of months, yes, and of years, finding you still aimlessly beating about these waters, with no better companions than beings more frightful in their shapes and behaviour as men than were they phantoms which the hand could not grasp and whose texture the eye ean pierce.' ' What oan I do, Mr. Fenion? Captain Yanderdeoken will not part with me. How can I esoape?' she cried, with her eyes brimming. If I oast myself overboard, it would be to drown J If I succeeded in gain ing the shore when we anchored near to the coaet, it would be either to perish upon the broiling sands, or to be destroyed by wild beasts, or to be seized by the natives and carried into oaptlvlty !' ' But if a chance offered to make good your escape without the risks your name, would you seize it ?' ' Oh, yeB 1' ' Weil,' said I, speaking with such tender- nees and feeling, suoh a glow and yearning in my heart that yon would cay the tiny seed of iuto iu ml/ urwztof| WSHqCqQ o/ u6r vcaTBi wbb budding with the swiftness of eaoh glance at her into flower, ' whilst I have been sitting melancholy and alone, I have turned over in my mind how I am to deliver yon from this dreadful situation. No sobeme as yet offers, but will you trust me as an English sailor to find a means to outwit these Dutchmen, ay, though the Devil himself kept wateh when they were abed ? . . One moment, Miss Dudley — forgive me, it had not been my intention to touch upon this matter nntil time had enabled you to form some judgment of me. But when two are of the same mind, and the pit that has to be jumped is a deep one, it would be mere foppery in me to stand on brink with yon, chattering like a Frenchman abont anything else sooner than speak out and to the point as a plain seaman should. 4 Mr. Fenton/ she answered, ' I will trust you. If you oan see a way to esoape from this ship, I will aid you to the utmost of my strength and acoompany you. You are a sailor ; my fathar was of that calling, and as an English seaman yon Bhall have my full faith.' It was not only the words, bother pretty voice, her sparkling eyes, her earnest gaze,- the expression nf hope that lighted up her ;iaoe with the radianee of a smile rather than of a smile itself, whieh rendered what she said delightful to me. I answered, ' Depend upon it, your faith will animate me, and it will be strange if you are not In England before many months, nay, 1st me say weeks, are passed.' Here leaning her oheek in her hand she looked down into her lap with a wistful sad ness in her eyes. I Not WBcsiviog what was passing in her mind, I said, 1 Whatever scheme I hit upon will take time. But what are a few mnmh compared with years on hoard this ship- years which only death ean and 1' 1 Oh i' she answered, looking at me folly, but with a darkness of tears upon violet lights, I don't doubt yonr ability to escape; and reseae me, nor was I thinking 0f the time it would require or how long it may be before wa see England. What troablei me is to feel that when in England— ii it please God to Buffer me to eet foot mora upon that dear soil— I shall have no blend to turn to.' £ was about to speak; hot she proceeded, her eyes brimming - 'It ia rare that a girl finds herself in my situation. Both my father and mother were only children and orphans when they married, my mother living with a olergyman and his wife at Botherhisbe as govirnees to their children when my father met her. The clergyman and hia lady are long since dead. But were they living, they wonld not be persons I should apply to for help and counsel, sinoe my mother often spoke of them as harsh, mean people. The few relations on my mother's side died off t on my father's side there was— perhaps there yet is— an uncle who settled in Virginia and did pretty well there. But I shonld have to go to that country to seek him, with the ohance of fie dine him dead. Thnn um <» how friendless I am, Mr. Fenton,' Yon are not of those who remain friend less in this world,' b&id; I, softly, for oan yon marvel that a young man's heart will beat quiokly when sneh a beauty as Imogens Dudley is tells him to his faea that she is friendless. ' I implore you,' I added, not to suffer any reflection of this sort to sadden or swerve yon in your determination to leave this ship 1 ' No, no !' she interrupted, ' it will not d6 that. Better to die of famine a»»o»g the green meadows at home than— oh !' she eried, with hysterieal vehemence, ' how sweet will be the sight of flowers to me, of Bngijnh trees, and hedges bloozmsg with briar roses and honeysuckles. This dreadful life i! She clasped her hands with a Budden passionate raising of her eyes, ' tbeBe rearing seas, the constant screaming of the wind that bates Ibl tones only to make a desolate mna«|"g; the company of ghost-like men, the fearful s esse of being in a ship upon which haa fallen the wrath of the majesty of God 1 Oh! indeed, indeed it mBt tcd 1' and burying her face in her hands she wept mosb grievously, sobbing alocd. What will end, mynheer ? And what Is it that causes thee, Imogens, to weep?' ex« claimed the deep vibratory voice of Yanderv decken. I started, and found his great figure erect behind me, a certain inquisitiveness in tho expression of his face, and much of the light shining in his eyes that I had remarked when he fell into -that pastors of trance 1 have spoken of. I answered as readily ai my knowledge of his tongue permitted " 'Miss Dudley weeps, sir, beoauso this gale, as others have before, retards the passage of : your ship to Amsterdam ; and 'tis perfectly natural, consistent, indeed, with the wishes of all men in the Braave, that she should with the baulking storm at an end.' He came round to his high- backed ehair and seated himself, and, potting his arm along the table, gently took Imogene's wrist and softly pulled her hand away from her face, wet with her tears, saying, 4 My dear, yonr fellow-countryman is rigid ; it is tho sorrow of every creature here that this gale should blow ua backwards, and so delay onr return ; but what is more capricious thaa the wind ? This storm will presently pan ana St will be strange/ he added, with a sudden scowl darkening his brow, and letting go MIbb Dudley's hand &b; he spoke, if next time we do not thrnst the Braave into an ocean where these north-westers make way for the strong trade wind that blows from tho south-east.' She dried her eyes and forced a emOe, acting a part, as I did ; that ie to eay, sbe flid net .wish he ehonld suspeet her grief Wont deeper than I had explained ; thnngh I oonld not help observing that in directing bar Wat, aweet, voilet eyes, with her mouth shapei to o smile, upon him, a plafmive grttitodi underlay her manner, an admixture af pity and affection, the exhibition of which xaiB me very sure of the quality of her hearth To carry Vanderdeeken's ihooghteawtr bfi "apposed Mibb Dudley and I had been speaking aIhh., t— w ; Dutch what she had been doing With herself sines breakfast. BheanwerefitalteWal language that aha had becn lvinc dami. - 1 Have you hooka ?' said I. ' A few that belong to the captain/ Mil are in Freneh and I cannot reaa others are injDutdh. 'Th«h is ..alio A toBetP tion J? ,Engliah Poetry, some of whteb tl beautiful, and 1 know many vtrau lby heart.' .! 'Are these works pretty newf' saidX. She answered, '01 various years; I think the newest Is dated 1647.' ' Ay/ aald Yanderdeoken, thai Wtt ht my friend Bloys Yan Treslong's book opon the tulip-madness. ' Finding him willing to 6env<orfla.''fWaa extremely fretted to d&ovar; fSM?- my ignorance of the literatmWWW '" tune I oonld not 'bring him est' 11 ah# jaraMrunii for, looking into the JMMtf story since, I find scores of matters he oould , have told meubcai, such as the building of ships at Hoorn, the oustomB of the people, the tulip-madn sb he had mentioned, the great men, each ss Jan Six, Rembrandt, Jan Steen, Tan dampen, who designed the Stadhuis, and others, soma of yibom— as happened In the oase of the great Wiilam Schouten— he may have known as a haply cooked pipes of tobaooo with, Be this as it may. We had got back again to the gale when Pfins brought in the dinner, and in a few minutes arrived the mate, Van Vogelaar, whereupon we fell to the meal, Imogens saying very little and often regarding me with a thoughtful face and earnest eyes, as though, after the maiden's way in each matters, she was searching me, I taciturn, the mate sullen In expression and eilent; as his deathlike face would advertise the beholder to suppose him ever to be, and Yaaderdecken breaking at intervals from the deep incising fit he fell into, to invite me to eat or drink with an air of inssmparable dignity, hardened aa it was by its eternal sternness and fierceness. At this meal I found the food to be much the same as that with which we had broken our fast. But in addition there were a roasted fowl and a large ham ; and into each silver goblet Prins poured a d. aught of sherry— a very soft and mellow wine— which I sup- pose Vanderdecken had oome by through the earns means which enabled bim to obtain scats for own and his men's backs, and ropes for his masts and sails, and brandy and gin tor his stone jars— that is, by overhauling wrecks and pillaging derelicts ; for csrtainly strong waters were not to be got by lying off the eoast and going a-hunting. Yet though the wine put a pleasant: wa?mib Into my veins, Inasmuch that I could have talked freely but for the depressing in flueuee of the captain and his caste, them it no mors cheered and heartened, it gave fchstn no more life and spirit, than bad they been urns filled with dust into which the generous liquor had been poured. Several times. Indeed, whilst I was on board that ship, have 1 seen Vanderdecken, Vogelaar, and Arenfcs swallow such draughts of punch out of bowls as would have laid me senseless ir five minutes; yet these capacious prums gave rise In them to not the least sign of jollity, as, indeed, how should it have been otherwise, for their brains were ded tc all but the aupernaturai influence that kept them moving — dead as the works of a going Watch — and what Is there in the femes of Wfcae to disorder embodied ghosts ? (to se continued.) flBHMiauswmmnmssaaaiBsmw 