She Xjatery of Cloomber. (From the Pall Mall Budget). CHAPTER XIV (continued). THIS DAY-BOOK OF JOHN BEBTHIEH HBATHEBSTONE. " Lieutenant Heatberstone," ho answered; speaking slowly and gravely. M Yon have committed this day the ieuleai sacrilege and the greatest crime which it is possible for man to do. Yoa have •lain one of the thrice-blessed and reverend ones, so arch adept of rhe first degree, an elder brother who has trod the higher path for more years than you have numbered months. Yoa have cut him off at a time when his labors promised to reach • climax, and when be was about to attain a height of occult knowledge which would have (brooght'man one Btep nearer to the Creator. AH this yon have done without excuse, without provocation, at a time when he was pleading tbe cause of the helpless and distressed. Listen now to me, John Heatberstone. " When first tbe occult sciences were pursued, many thousands of years ago, it was found by tbe learned that the short tenure of human existence WBB too limited to allow a man to attain tbe loftiest heights of inner life. The inquirers of those days directed their energies in the first place, therefore, to the lengthening of their own days, in order that they night have more scope for improvement. By their knowledge of the secret laws of nature they were enabled to fortify their bodies against disease and old age. It only remained to protect themselves against the assaults of wicked and violent ' men, who are ever ready to destroy what is wiser and nobler than themselves. There was no direct means by which this protection could he effected, but it was in •ome measure attained by arranging the occult forces in such a way that a terrible and unavoidable retribution should await tbe offender. Jt was irrevocably ordained by laws which cannot be reversed, that any one who should shed tbe blood of a brother who had attained a certain degree of sanctity should be a doomed man. Those laws are extant to this day, John Beatberstone, and you have placed yourself in their power. King or Emperor would be belplesB before tbe forces which yoa have called into play. What hope, then, is there for you ? "In former days these laws acted so instantaneously that the slayer perished with bis victim. It was judged, afterwards, that this prompt retribution prevented the offender from having time to realize tbe enormity of hiB offence. It was therefore ordained that iu all such cases the retribution should be left io the bands of the cbelas, or immediate disciples of the holy man, with power to extend or shorten it at their will, exccting it either at the time, or at any future anniversary of the day when the crime was committed. Why punishment should come on those days only, it does not concern you to know. Suffice it that you are the murderer of Gboolab Shbh, the thrice-blessed, and that I am the senior of MB three chelas commissioned to avenge his death. "ItiB no personal matter between us. Amid our studies we have no leisure or inclination for personal matters. It is an immutable law, and it is as impossible for us to relax it, as it is for you to escape from it. Sooner or later we shall come to you and claim your life in atonement for the one which you have taken. Tbe same fate shall be meted out to the wretched soldier, Smith, who, thongb less guilty than yourself, has incurred the same penalty by raising his fmcrilegious band against the chosen of Buddha. If your life is prolonged, it is merely that you may have time to repent of your misdeed and to feel the full force of your punishment. And, lest you should be tempted to cast it out of your mind and to forget it, our bell— our astral bell—the use of which is one of our occult secrets, shall ever remind you of what has been and of what is to be. You shall hear it by day and you shall bear it by night, and it will be a sign to you, that do what you may, and go where you will, you can never shake yourself clear of the chelae of Goolab Shah. You will never see me more, accursed one, until the day when we come for you. Live in fear, and in that anticipation which is worse than death." With a menacing wave of tbe hand tbe figure turned and swept out of my tent into the darkness. The instant that the fellow disappeared from my eight, I recovered from the lethargy which had fallen upon me. Springing to my feet, I rushed to the opening and looked out. A sepoy sentry was standing, leaning npon his musket, a few paces off. " Yeu dog," I said in Hindustani. "What do you mean by letting people disturb me in this way ?" The man stared at me in amazement. " Has any one disturbed the Baliib ?" he asked. " This instant—this moment. You must have seen him pass out of mv 3 tent." " Surely the Burra Sahib is mistaken," the man answered, respectfully, but firmly. " I have been here for an hour, and no one has passed from the tent." Puzzled and disconcerted, I was sitting by the side of ray couch, wondering whether the whole thing waB a delusion brought on by the nervous excitement of our skirmish, when a new marvel overtook me. From over my bead there suddenly sounded a sharp, tinkling sound, like that produced by an empty glass when flipped by the nail, only louder and more intense. I looked up, but nothing waB to be seen. I examined the whole interior of tbe tent carefully, but without discovering any cause for the strange sound. At last, worn out with fatigue, I gave the mystery up, and throwing myself upon tbe couch) was soon fast asleep. When I woke this morning, I was inclined to put the whole of my yesterday night's experiences down to imagination, but I was soon disabused of tbe idea, for 1 had hardly risen before the same strange sound was repeated in my very ear, as loudly and to all appearance as causelessly as before. What it is, or where it comes from, I cannot conceive. I have not heard it since. Can the fellow's threatB have something in them, and this be tbe warning bell of which be spoke ? Surely it is impossible. Yet bis manner was indescribably impressive. I have tried to set down what he said as accurately as I can>uf I f^ar I have omitted a good deal. What is to be the end of tbis strange affair Tt 1 must go in lor a course of religion and holy water. Not a word to Chamberlin or Elliott. They tell me I am looking like a ghost this morning. Evening.—Have managed to compare notes with private Rufus Smith of the Artillery, who knocked the old fellow over with the butt of HIB gun. His experience has been tbe same AB mine. He has heard the Bound too. Wfiut is the meaning of it all ? My brain is in a whirl. OCT. 10 (four days later).—God help ue! This last laconic entry terminated the journal. it seemed to me that coming as it did after four day*' complete silence, it told a clearer tale of a shakes nerve and a broken spirit than could any uioro elaborate narrative. Pinned on to the journal was a supplementary statement, which bad evidently been recently added by the General. " From that day to this," it said " I have bad no night or day free from the intrusion of that dreadful Round with its accompanying train of thought. Time and custom brought me no relief, bat, on tbe contrary, as tbe years pass over my head, my physical etreBgth decreases and my nerves become less able to bear up against the continual strain. I am a broken man in mind and body. I live in a state of teneion, always straining my ears for the hated Bound, afraid to converse with my fellows for fear of exposing my dreadful condition to them, with no comfort or hope of comfort on this side of the grave. 1shouli be willing. Heaven knows, to die, and yet, as each 5th of October comes round, I am prostrated with fear, because I do not know what Gtrange and terrible experience may be in store for me. Forty years have passed since I slew Gboolab Shah, and forty times I have gone through all tbe horrore of death, without attaining the hIbSBed peace which lies beyond. 1 have no means of knowing in what shape ray fate will come upon me. I have immured myself in this lonely country, and surrounded myself with barriers, because in my weaker moments my instinctB urge me to take some uteps for self- protection, but I know well in my heart how futile it all is. They must come quickly now, for I grow old, and Nature will forestall them unless they make baste. "I take credit to myself that I have kept my hands off the prussic acid or opium bottle. It hae always been in my power to checkmate my occult persecutors in that way, but I have ever held that a man in this world cannot deBert his post, until he has been relieved in due course by the authorities. T Lave had no scruples, however, about exposing myself to danger, and during the Sikh and Sepoy wars I did all that a man could do to court death. He passed me by, however, and picked out many a young fellow to whom life was only opening and who had everything to live for, while I Burvived to win crosses and honors which had lost all relish for me. Well, well, these things cannot depend npon chance, and there is no doubt some deep reason for it all. One compensation Providence has made me, in the shape of a true and faithful wife, to whom I told my dreadful secret before the wedding, and who nobly consented to share my lot, She has lifted half the burden from my shoulders, but with the effect, poor soul, of crushing her own life beneath its weight. My children, too, have been a comfort to me. Mordaunt knows all, or nearly all. GabrieHe we have endeavored to keep in tbe dark, though we cannot prevent her from knowthat there is something amiss. I should like thie statement to be shown to Dr John Eaeterling, of Stanraer. He heard on one occasion this haunting sound. My sad experience may show him that I spoke truth, when I said that there was much knowledge in the world which has never found its way to England yet. "J. B. HEATHEBSTGNJE." It was going on for dawn by the time that I had finished this extraordinary narrative, to which my Bister and Mordaunt Hratherstone listened with the most absorbed attention. Already we could see through the window that the stars had begun to fade and a grey light to appear in the east. The crofter who owned the lurcher dog lived a couple of miles off, so it was time for us to be on foot. Leaving Esther to tell my father the story in such fashion as she might, we thrust some food into our pockets and set off upon our solemn and eventful errand. be continued.) 