THE PHIZE YAHN. -o? PADDY THE PIPEL "Dogberry.-Marry, sir, they have com mitted false reports; moreover they have spoken untruiths; secondarily, they are slanderers; sixthly and lastly, they have belied a lady; thirdly, they have verified unjust things; and to conclude, they are lying knaves." MUCi ADO AiBOUT NOTHING. The only introduction I shall attempt to the following " extravaganza," is, to re-. quest the reader to suppose it to be de livered by a frolicking Irish peasant, in the richest brogue, and most dramatic manner. " I'll tell you, sir, a mighty quare story, and it's as true as I'm standin' here, and that's not lie : " It was in the time of the 'ruction,* whin the long sommer days, like many a fine fellow's precious life, was cut short by raison of the martial law-thai wouldn't let a decent boy be out in the eve'iu', good or bad ; fr whin the dayn.' t e morning ke -'Twas p ore,' e to be e. ' Go, ' and see who's an I see who's in it in the 5 I. Well,' says he, 'light the candle aundsee who's in it, but don't open /door, for your life, barrin' they brake Si/ in,' nays he, ' exceptin' to the sojers, ceand spake thim fair, if it's thim.'. " So with that I wint to the door, and there was another knock. " , Who's there ' says I. " 'It's me says he. .. '-. .;. "-"Afrind,' says he e B'a' Baithershian,' says ', who are you at all?" " 'A ali !'dont yon kno me ' says he 'Divila taste,' aays I. . "' `Sure I'm Paddy the Piper,' says he. " `-Oh, thunder ans turf,' says I, ' is it you, Paddy, that's in it? ' 'Sorra one else,' says he. ..' And what broughtyou at this hour?' says L " 'By gar,' says he, 'I didn't like goin' the roun' by the road,' says he, 'and so I kem the short cut, and that's what de layed me,' says he. " 'Oh, murther ! says I-' Paddy, I wouldn't be in your shoes for the king's ransom,' says I; 'for you know your self it's a hangin' matther to be cotched out these times,' says I. " ' Sure 1 know that,' says he, ' and that's what I kem to you for,' says he ; ' so let me in for owld acquaintance sake,' says poor Paddy. ' Oh, by this and that,' says I, '1 darn't open the door for the wide world ; and sure you know it ; and throth, if the Husshians or the Yeos* ketches you,' says I, ' they'll murther you, as sure as your name's Paddy,' " ' Many thanks to you,' says he, ' for your good intintions; but plase the pigs, I hope it's not the likes o' that is in store for me, any how.' " 'Faixthen,' says I, ' you had better loose no time in hidin' yourself' says I; ' for, throth I tell you, it's a short thrial and a long rope the Ifusshians would be afther givin' you-for they've no justice, and less mercy, the villians !' " ' Faith thin, more's the raison, you should let me in, Shamus,' says poor Paddy. "'It's a folly to talk,'says I, '1 darn't open the door.' "'Oh then, millia murther 1' says Paddy, 'what'll become of me at all, at all,' says he. " ' Go aff into the shed,' says I, 'behin' the house, where the cow is, and there there's an iligant lock o' straw, that you may go sleep in,' says I, ' and a fine bed it id be for a lord, let alone a piper.' " So off Pady set to hide in the shed, and throth it wint to our hearts to refuse him, and turn him away from the door, more- by token when the parties was ready-for sure the bit and the sup i" always welkim to the poor traveller. Well, we all wint to bed, and Paddy hid himself in the cow-house ; and now I must tell you how it was with Paddy : "You see, afther sleeping for some time, Paddy wakened up, thinkin' it was mornin', but it wasn't mornin' at all, but only the light o' the moon that de.aved him; but at all evints, he wanted to be stirrin' airly, bekase he was goin' off to the town hard by, it bein' fair day, to pick up a. few ha pence with his pipes for the devil a betther piper was in all the counthry round, nor Paddy ; and every one gave it up to Paddy that he was iligant an the pipes, and played ' Jinny bang'd the Weaver,' beyant tellin" and the 'Hare in the Corn,' that you'd think the very dogs was in it, and the horsemen ridin' like mad. " Well, as I was sayin', he set off to go to the fair, and he wint meandherin' along through thfields, but he didn't go far, antil im in up through a hedge, min' out at t'other side, em plump -,in somethin' that the fire flash out i ,m-'-- " bat do athe ulo T corpse hangin' out of a branch o three. " ' Oh, the top o' the mornin' to you, sir,' says Paddy, 'and is that the way you, my poor fellow 1 throth you tuk ut o' me,' says poor Paddy ; and stouter man nor Paddy jump, he like, and to think of a n crathur being hanged up, all a dbg. ,'twas the rebel that hanged ap-bekase, you see, the corpse od close an him, and that's, tl that one might know it was the eels-by raison that the Husshians and riangemen never hanged any body wid good clothes an him, but only the poor and definceless crathus, like uz ; so, as I said before, Paddy knew well it was the boys that done it; 'and,' says Paddy, eyin' the corpse, ' by my sowl, thin, but you have a beautiful pair o' boots an you,' says he, ' and it's what I'm thinkin' you won't have any great use for them no more ; and sure it's a shame for the likes o' me,' says he,' the best piper in the silviicouuntries, to be trampie' wid a pair of owid brogues not worth three traneeus, and a corpse with such an iligaut pair o' boots, that wants some one to wear them. So, .:with that, Paddy lays hould of him by the boots, and began a pullin' at thim, ;bur they wor mighty stiff ; and whether it was by raison of their bein' so tight, or the, branch of the three a-jig ,in' up an wwn,- ananone 'was a we©glmeirebuIIt--, and not lettin' Paddy cotch any right hould o' thim-he could get no advantage o' thim ot all-and at last he gev it up, and was goin, away, whin lookin' behind him agin, the sight of the iligant fine boots was too much for him, and he turned back, determined to have the boots, any how, by fair means or foul; and I'm loath to tell you now how he got them- for indeed it was a durty turn, and throth it was the only durty turn I ever knew Paddy to be guilty av ; well, he outs with his knife, and what does he do, but he cuts off the legs of the corps; 'and,' says he, ' I can take off. the boots at my convaynience;' and throth it was, as I said before, a durty turn. " Well, sir, he tuck'd the legs undher his arms, and at that minit the moon peeped out from behind a cloud-' Oh! is it there you are 1' says he to the moon, for he was an impidint chap-and thin, seein' that he made a mistake, and that the moon-light deceaved him that it wasn't the early dawn, as he conceaved; and bein' freken'd for fear himself might be cotched and thrated like the poor corpse he was afther a malthreating, if he was found walking the counthry at that time-by gar, he turned about, and walked back agin . to the cow-house, and, and hidin' the corpse's legs in the sthraw, Paddy wint to sleep agin. But what do you, think ' Paddy was not long there antil the sojers came in airnest, and, by the powers, they carried off Paddy-and faith it was only sarvin' him right for what he done to the poor corpse. "Well, whin the mornin' kem, my fathersays to me, 'Go, Shamus,' says he, 'to the shed, and hid poor Paddy come in,,and take share o' the praties, for, I go bail, he's ready for his breakquest by this, any how 1' "Well, out I wint to the cow-house, and called out ' Paddy !' and afther callin' three or four times, and gettin' no answer, I wint in, and called agin, and dickins an answer I got still. Tatthar-an-agers,' says I, 'Paddy, where are you at all, at all l' and so, castin' my eyes about the shed, I seen two feet sticking out from undher the hape o' straw-' Masha ! thin; says I, bad luck to you, Paddy, but you're fond of a worm corner, and maybe you havn't made yourself as snug as a flay in a blanket ? but I'll disturb your dhrames, I'm thinkin','- ays I, and with that I laid hould -of his heels, (as I thought, Gold help me,) and givin' a good pull to waken him, as I intinded, away I wint, head over heals, and my brains was a'most knocked out agin the wall. " WVell, whin I recovered myself, there I was, an the broad o' my back, and two things stickin' out o' my handslike a pair o' Hosshian's horse-pist'la-and I thought the sight'id lave my eyes, when I seen they wor two mortial legs. " My jew'l, I threw them down like a hot pratee, and jumpin' up, I roared out inillia murther. 'Oh, you siturtherin' villion,' says I, shakin' my fist at the cow -'Oh you unnath'ral baste,' says I, 'you've ate poor Paddy, you thievin' cannible you're worse than a neygar, says I' ' and bad lack to you, how dainty you are, that nothin' 'id sarve you for your supper, but the best piper in Ireland. Weirasthru ! weiraathru ! what'll the whole counthry say to such an unnath'ral murther? and you lookin' as innocent there as a lamb, and atin' your hay as quiet as if nothin' happened.' With that, I run out-for, throth, I didli't like tohbe :' hlah ! be aisy,' says my ather. h, a' d luck to the lie I tell you,' says I. - , , Is it ate Paddy ?' says they. " 'DJivil a doubt of it,' says I. "'Are you sure, Shamus ' says omy mother. " 'I wish I was as sure of a new pail o' brogues,' says I. ' Bad luck to the bit she has left iv:him but his two legs.' SA nd do you tell me she ate the pipes tool says my father. " 'Bygor, I b'lievo so,says I. "' Ohlihe' divil fl away widhler, ss he, 'what .a cruel taste she has (fri music !'" " ' Arrah !' says my mother,'don' be cursin' the,ooio,-:that gives the milk to the childher.' 'Yis I ywill, says my father`,why. shouldn t I :ilurae sich an unnath ral baste I "'Yoi oughtn'U 'to curse any livin thing that 's undhlerm?-y roof,' says my mother. " "By my sowl, thi, nsays my father, she shan t be undher my roof any more, for Ill sind'her' to the far this intit, says he, 'and sell her for 'whatever sheil:l bring. Go aff,' says lie, -Shamius the minit you've ate your breakquest, a`id dhrive her so the fair.' 'Troth I don't like to dhrive he'r sayI. . - - W' ell, like or no like,' says he, you " 'Sure, father,' says I, ..'yoa could take more care iv her yourself.' ' " ' That's mighty good,' says he;, 't keep a dog, and bark myself ;' and faith, I rec'llected the sayin' from that hour ! -let me have no more words about. it,' says he, 'but be aff wid you.' "So, aff I wint-and it's no lie I'm tellin', whin I say it was sore agin my will I had any thing to do with sich a villian of a baste. But, howsomever, I cut a -brave long wattle, that I might dhrive the man-ater iv a thief, as she was, without bein' near her, at all, at all. " Well, away we went along the road, and mighty throng it .wuz wid the boys and the girls-and, in short, all sorts, rich and poor, high and low, crowdin' to the fair. ,' God save you,' says one to me. ' . God save you kindly,' says I. "'That's a fine baste you're drivin,' says he. "' Throth she is,' says I ; though it's agin my heart to say a good word for the likes of her. ' It's to the fair .you're, goin', 1 suppose, says he, 'with .the baste s' (He. was a snug-lookin' farmer, ridiu' a purty, little gray hack.) "'Faith, thin you're right enough,' says I, it is to the fair I'm goin'." " ' What do you expec' for her ?' says he. " ' Faith, thin, mysel dosen't know,' says I-and that was thrue enough, you see, bekas I was bewildhdred like about the baste entirely. " ' That's a quare way to be goin' to market,'says he, 'and not to know what you expec' for your baste.' " ' Och.' says I-not likin' to let him suspict there was anything wrong wid her -'Och,' says I, in a careless sort of a way, 'sure no one can tell what a baste 'ill bring, antil they come to the fair,' says I, 'and see what price is goin'.' " ' Indeed, that's nath'ral enough,'says he. 'But if you wor bid a fair price before you come to the fair, sure you might as well take it,' says he. "' Oh, I've no objection in life,' says I. " ' Well, thin, what 'ill you ax for her?" says he. "' Why, thin, I wouldn't like to be onraysonable,' says I-(for the truth was, you know I wanted to get rid of her) 'and so I'll take four pounds for her,' says I, 'avnd on less. "' N', les !' says he. "' Why, sure that's chape enough,' says " 'Throth it is,' says he; 'and I'm thinking it's too chape it is,' says he ; 'for if there wasn't somethiu' the matter it's not for that you'd be sellin' the fine milch cow, as she is to all appearance.' " ' Indeed thin,' says I, 'upon my con science; she is a fine milch cow.' ' 'Maybe,' says he, 'she's gone'off her. milk, in regard that she dosen't feed well 1' "' Och. by this and tiiat,' `aysi I, '?in regard of feedin' there's not the likes: of her in Ireland ; so make your mind aisy -and if you like her for the nmoney, you may have her.' "'Why, indeed, I'm not in a hurry,' says he. 'and I'lu wait to see how they go in the fair.' "'Wit all my heart,' says I, pur tendin, to be no ways conuarned-but in throth I began to be afeard that the peeple wf .seeils' somethin' uunath'ral 14her Jjnyyud" th~c d-n d kof fair?,a 2Ttgeat sight o pýeople was i It i thoth, you'd think the whole world was there, let alone the standins o' giugerbred and iligint ribbins, and makins o' beautiful gownds, and pitch arl'd toss, and merry go-ruuns, and tints with the best av obriuk in thim. and the fiddles playin up t' itcunrage the boys and girls ;but I never minded them at all,' : but determint to sell the thlevin' rogue av, a cow afore I'd mind any dimarshin in life so anu I dhrrv her into the thick avc the i?air, whwin all of a suddint, as I, k'em :r. toi t re door av a int, up sthruck the pipes hde une ateiv .Tath-.er -Jack Wechh, a;nd, my jowl, in a tinmi the cow cock'd iher ,ears, and was n aadait at the tint.;'' Oh', urther " says I to tlhe boys standin-by, r honid her,' says Ia.TJ, old', her-she ate one piper =? already the 1 istacuowfor to atea'piper?' says :;. one o' thim corpse ?lymelf; and noihin left but a the, t4 stihv to hide it, car see shell never lave itiai- as poor, Paddy ogaai knows to lis'coat Lord be merciful o hwim. Whoa ihat Gtin my name in vain? . saya avoi in the crowd.' and with that, shovin in thr ong a one side, who should I ese but Paddy Grogan, to all appear `.`Ohloildhim toosays I'; 'keep him av me, for it's not himself at all, but his ghost,' says 1, 'fur he was kilt last: night to my sartin knowledge, every inch av him, all to his legs.' ' Well, sir, with that, Paddy--for it was Paddy himself, as it kIem out afther- fell a laughin', that you'd think his aides: 'ud split ; and whm he kern to himself, he* ups and he tould uz how it was, as I towld you already ; and the likes av the funthey made av me was beyant tellin', for wrong fully mlsdoubtin' the pooi cow, and layin' toe blame iv atin a piper an her. So we all wine into a tint to have it explained, and. by gor it took a full gallon o' sper'ts t': explain it; and we durauk health andlong life to Paddy and the cow, and Paddy played that day beyone all tellin', .and many a one saidd the likes was never heerd before nor sence;- even from Paddy him self-and av coorse"the,poor slandhered cow was dhruv home agiiipand:many a quiet day she had wid us afther that ; and whin she died, throth my father had'sitch ar?rgard for tue poor thing, that he had., her. skinned, and an iligant pair of\ breeches made out iv her hide, and it's in the family to this day : and isn't it mighty remarkable it is, what I'm goin' to tell you\ now, but it's as true as I'm here, that from\ that day out, any one that has thim breeches on, the minute a pair o' pipes :" strikes up, they can't rest, but goes jiggin, and jiggin' in their sate, and never stops as long as the pipes are playin'-and there," said he, slapping the garment in' question that covered his sinewy limbi`. with a spank of his browny hand that; might have startled nerves more tender than mine-" there, them is the very breeches that's an me now, and a fine pair they are this minit." 