Boston Spooks. The following is one of the ghost stories which are floating about in the general re- vival of all things spookish which has been upon us for a couple of winters. The Esses are a family as well known as any going out of Boston to the North Shore, where they have a beautiful summer home. Some years ago Mrs. Ess, a charming and cultured woman, died at Hartford, where she had been staying for a short visit. On the day of her death her family physician chanced to call at the house at the seashore to ask for the health of the absent lady, as he had heard of the illness at Hartford. He was assured that she was better and that a letter received that morning pronounced her out of danger. As he was leaving the house he saw Mrs. Ess cross the lawn and enter the house by a side door. She passed within a score feet from him, but gave no sign of being aware of his presence. He returned hastily to the house, but no one had heard any one enter by the side door, which, indeed, proved upon exami- nation to be locked on the inside. The tele- graph soon brought news of the death of Mrs. Ess, which had taken place at that hour in Hartford. The story is unlike many another one which has been told, but it derives weight and interest here from the standing of the family and the exactness with which the de- tails are vouched for. There are, however, a good many ghost tales belonging to Boston families, which elderly ladies can upon occasion be induced to repeat for the edification of appreciative hearers; and in this connection it may be re- called that the venerable Commodore Robert Bennett Forbes, in his 'Autobiography,' gives as a reason for taking a certain course: 'I was influenced also by a very remarkable dream at Conception, in which I saw my wife in great distress, mourning over a member of the family. This dream made so great an impression on my mind that I determined to go home by the first vessel. It was afterward proved that the dream occurred simul- taneously with the funeral of my wife's mother, Mrs. Smith. I had become somewhat tinctured by superstition in regard to dreams by the fact that on my way to China in 1849 I had had a similar premonition as to the death of my little daughter Rosa. —Providence Journal. 