AN UNNOTICED INCI DENT. FART II. — ( Continued. ) "I say, he thought mother was alone," said Paul. "If the ice had broken, and you hadn't got wet, I should have been glad he was there, wouldn't you, father?" No seemed disposed to follow Paul into these abstract speculations. Mr. Railton changed the subject abruptly, saying : "Nonsense ; don't let a little crack like that frighten you. Come along." Mr. Railton was, perhaps, just a little ashamed of himself, and that made his tone all the harsher. " I do not care to come." " You can't stand about all alone in the cold. If you won't skate, you had better go home." " I will go. Tell the children I am tired. I need not ask you to take care of them." " I am sorry you are tired. Mind and take a good rest when you get home," and he skated after the children round the corner, leaving her on the bank. A sudden turn brought hor boarded rescuer to her. He saw her strug gling with her skates and stopped. A look of good-natured remorse over spread his handsome, kindly face, as he noticed her colourless lips and trembling hands. et Going ? Let mo take your skates off, and let me apologise again. I can see I frightened you, though the crack didn't. Perhaps I hurt you 5 Aiufc we never have any ice in Ireland, rso I don't understand it, and I, really vthought there was danger, and, as you . nvere alone— Pray do not be angry with me." He changed his sentence, because he saw that for some reason his words troubled her, and suppose'd that she resented his addressing her a second time; though, indeed, the veriest prude living could not have taken -offence at his frank, impersonal man ner. Lisa felt a sudden rush of -emotion to think only a strangor should care to deprecate her anger. "Indeed, I am not angry. I am very much obliged to you." " Then I hurt you. You are look ing as white as a ghost." " No, not at all ; indeed no, only I am tired, and not very well, so I am going, home. Thank you," as 'he gave tier her skates, neatly klrapped together, and she mada an effort to look strong and independent as she walked up tae low, steep bank. One moment," he said. She turned. " I'm waiting for my wife," he saidr "but she won't scold me for making her wait when I tell her what I have been doing. You must let me see you home, or at least to the sta tion." " Oh, thank you no, it is not in the least necessary." "Not in the least,' Baid another voice. " It seems I am come just in time to be of nse, Lisa." " Oh, Dennis, I am so glad to see you back again." " That's all right, then," said the stranger cheerfully. "I can leave you with an easy conscience.' I "Thank you, very much," said . Lisa. _ | The stranger waited just a second, because, if the new-comer were the lady's brother or husband, it was only natural he would want to make Borne acknowledgment of his attention to 'her; and such was the frank cheer fulness of his manner that Deuui . found himself instinctively murmur- . ing some indistinct courtesy. Then ' be and Lisa walked toward the gate . in silence. I Presently Lisa said : | " Don't you think he must bo rather a nice husband ?" "Who?" " Why, he ; .the gentleman who took off iny skates. I was tired and wanted to go home, and couldn't manage the straps." " Didn't Donald know you wanted to go home?" " Yes, of course I didn't go without telling him ; but he wub at the other - side of the pond. I dare say he did not know ! was going just at that mo ment." . Poor Lisa ! between, her sense of discomfort at what sho took tor a re- buke in Dennis tone, and her dislike of explaining her husband's neglect, she spoke very lamely. But she was mistaken. The dis approval was not for her, for Dennis had. reached tho bridge a moment be fore the ice cracked, and had seen and understood the wholo incident. : " I- don't think it was exactly proper,'' she said, " but he only meant .to be kind, because he saw, I mean thought, I was alone." " fou were alone," Dennis said abruptly. " When I am not with 70u you are always alone. Whoa will she others come back?" " Ok, not until late; they are going to a little party after the skating. I had forgotten that." And she remembered that no one had recalled it to her mind, or asked if she would not join them when ehe was rested. They walked on in silence to the Marylebone-road ; as they crossed it a sickly hideous column of smoke rushed up through one of the ventila tors to the Underground Railway. " Oh, dear," she said, taking a deep breath of the clear, frosty air, "we have to go down among that to get home." " We are not going home," said Dennis quietly; " we are going some where—anywhere, it does not matter ; a picture gallery will do." " I think I should like it," said Lisa, hesitating. " l am not wanted at home ; the children will not be back until the evening ; and Donald will bo quite late, and a picture gallery will be such a pleasant change." " That's it," said Dennis shortlv. . " It is time you had a change." ! They walked on through the streets until they reached the gallery; but when they entered it, Dennis led her past all the pictures to a quiet seat, and signed ner to sit down. " She looked up surprised. "We came, here to talk," he said shortly. " Lisa, I was on the bridge just now, and I saw all that hap pened." She saw something in his face, which she did not understand. "Then— it is no use in pretending any more ? " she said. " No ; it is no use pretending any more, Lisa ; all this year you have been pretending not to be wretched, and I have been pretending to believe you. But I have known all tho time how things were." " Yes," she said, " I pretendod to be satisfied when I thought yon be lieved me ; but that is no nse now. It is often like that — nearly always when you are not here." When he was not there ! And he had come to tell her that he must go away for good. That was the news he had brought back from his three weeks of inspection. His losses had been so great, his affairs had become so involved that nothing but his own presence could stare off ruin. Ho must tell her that he must leave her — almost at once — leave her now she had grown used to her friendship — leave her without a friend in the world, to bear lier troubles alono. ,Oh, Lisa! glad-hearted, bright- souled Lisa, were you only made for this — to wear out your life as tho despised drudge of a man wjio has tired of you ? And must the man' who loved you as a child, and moro deep and tender than the old, leave you to bear your burden alone ? No, never. Sho had as good a right to love and happiness as nay woman in the world. Why should Bhe live this long, slow doa;h, when he could give her far better things ? " You want to tell me something," Bhe said. " Is it — is it that you are going sooner than you thought ?" " I am going at once." She watched him with parted lips, waiting, perhaps guessing what was coming, for his voice had no sound of farewell in it. "Lisa," he went on, " when I first came back I tried, in my blundering way, to show you that my childish love for my pretty tyrannical cousin was gone, outgrown,'1 "Yes, I understood; if it had not been so, yqu 'would not have come." V I Would not, Lisa. I came back k) be your friend, and I stayed to be your friend, and I Baw your sweet ness, aud your patience, and your suffering. And now I love you ten thousand times more than ever you were loved m your beautiful youth.'' "Oh,' my beautiful youth!" It was a cry of bitter regret for good things hopelessly past. " There is no woman on earth more to be pitied than you. Your youth is gone, and your beauty is gone, and you have nothing instead of them." " Why do you tell me ?" she said, wearily. " Do I not know ?" " Lisa," he went on, "some women have to bear poverty, and bear it because their husbands love them. Some have to bear neglect, but their lives are passed iu ease, and they do not mind it ; others, who have neither love nor comfort, have pride and plea sure in their children. What have you;? - I alone love you, why should you not love mo ? " I alone want you, why may I not have you? Lisa, I swear to you that if your husband loved you, I should not; if there had been any hope in your life, I should have been content to pass out of it in silence ; but you know as well as I do, that the shock once over, no ono will oven miss you. Remember what happened just now.'1 It was true, sho knew it. If she had died that day," she knew how little difference it would have made in her home. to be concluded. 