CURRENT LITERATURE. I ràn BulPs Army, 'from a French \Point of View, by HKCTOB FRANCE, lato Captain. 4th Chasseurs. Bondon : ?' Whittaker and Co., Paternoster-square, B.C., 1SS*. Ever since tho gossipy Max O'Bell discovered i .\ Veritable gold mine by describing " John Bull and hil *\ Island," the number of intelligent foreigners who hav< appeared in court with their testimony concerning Britain and' Britons has become so great as to caus< apprehension. Seventy-three years, however, of unin- terrupted intereonrso betweon the two great nations of Western Europe have done much to clear away some ol the most obvious national prejudices entertained even by educated Englishmen and Frenchmen. To the latter, England is no longer an island whore' tho sun never Baines except through a fog, and where people commit suicide by scores to escape tho weather. The English- man, too, has learnt to look on Jacques Bonhomme, not as what Voltaire called an " amalgam of tiger and ipe," with a penchant for fiddling and frogs, but as a decent follow with many estimablo qualities, although st times liable to bo led away in pursuit of the phantom-lo gloire. Still, it must not be supposed that ali the absurd views entertained by people on both sides of the Channel, when George the Third was King have been dissipated.' Toned down they have been, but by no moans eradicated. " Tho two nations do not understand each other," was the expression of Napoleon III., and ho was certainly qualified to fenn an opinion. Indeed, it may be doubted whether any two nations' really understand each other, 'oven when speaking a common tongue. In estimating tho value of evidence, the cardinal con-, siderations are whother»the witness is conversant with the facts to which ho boars testimony, and whother, being conversant,. his testimony is ' candid. From internal ovidenco to bo found in the book before us, the author satisfies both of those conditions. If he docs not extenuate, neither does he «et down aught in malice. A few inaccuracies occur here and there, but they may fairly be attributed, not to prejudice, bnt io tho absence of that minuto acquaintance with alien institutions which in tho cir- cumstances is unavoidable. \- In his introduction Captain Franco gives prominence to some views which it would bo well for Australians to ponder. Ho is essentially a soldier, and, as fcsuch, no beliover in tho immediate advout of a reign of universal peace. *' Before tho history- of nations records tho proclamation of eternal peace, closing for ever the bloody chapters of war, we, our sons, and our grandsons will bear the trampet of battles rudely awaiting us from our Blum« bers." It is but necessary to talco a cursory glance at the present state of Europe to feol that the foregoing fflnnmv nrediction is nil inn nrnhnhln. A emin' " Tt. ia n D-V I- - - . « great misfortune when a nation takes a disliko to soldiering;. It is then doomed to inevitable decay, defeat, and final dismemberment" This'statement, wo submit, should bo received with some conditions. It is,' no doubt, true that a European continental State which refused to arm . while its neighbours on all sides were swarming with trained men, would but invite attack and dismemberment. Not so countries moro happily situated, such for instance as tho United States of the present; or as tho Australia of tho future, should the latter become a powerful Federal Bepublic ns predicted by the London Spectator. A country may bo so powerful and so advantageously placed that a little soldiering would go a very long j way. Tho author forcibly condemns many of the changes that have been made in the French Army since \ tho terrible year of '70-1. A desire to alter tho dress of tho men to ono . dull lovel of uniformity meots with his emphatic condemn nation. The same tendency, ho tolls us, was shown in England, but quickly disappeared when, on the question to chango the uniform from scarlet to grey having been brought forward, " the recruiting-sergeants experienced a diminution of 75 per cent, in the nnmber of re- cruits, . Starting with the English officers, the author touches on all tho peculiarities of John Bull's Army-its orga- nisation, discipline,. numbers, and many minor charac- teristics, from " largo salaries " to " soldiers' daugh- ters." " Tho English officer," he remarks, " will carefully conceal his failings and obsorve tho strictest .vigilance over himself, oven when among inti- mate friends. Even niter copious libations at mess he regulates his actions, watches over his bearing and speech,-taking care to voil his impressions, and striv- ing to remain in all circumstances what he really is a perfect gentleman." This is a high tribute, but not * on tlio whole undeserved. When, . however, Captain France says that " the English army.'though recruited from tho lowest classes, is, thanks to its officers, the most decorous and, perhaps, tho bcst- disciplinod in Europo," the suspicion will obtrudo that Continental soldiers must indeed bo jovial bravos, with a powerful command -of idiomatic expression. Besides, anyone acquainted with the internal work of a British regiment knows ?that the Btate of discipline depends much moro on the son- commissioned officers than on the commissioned ones. In tho Guards regiments, horse and foot, where efficiency ' is brought to its greatest perfection, it is not always easy to find an officer (except those on duty) within a mile of barracks an hour after the forenoon. parade. Tho Duke of Wellington-mo moan judge-remarked on a celebrated occasion that " tho non-commissioned officers aro the back- bone of the service," and there is no evidence to show that, in this particular, things lave changed since his day. i Among civilians thero is a very prevalent opinion * that in the British army tho officers of famous cavalry corps, being mostly men of birth, means, and Btation live in luxury. So far- from such being tho case Captain Franco assures us that : * *'In certain corps this simplicity has become a hobby. Ono of the crack regiments ot hussars, whose officers are all men of wealth, even go further in their disregard of comfort. Any article of furniture beyond tho indispensable, any pictures or objeots of luxury brought by now comers, were unrelentingly smashed and destroyed by their comrades." It would not bo amiss if tho hint was taken by some of the colonial corps so soon to assemble for their customary training. Tho chango that has como over barrack life within the last 50 years, so far as indul- gence in alcohol is concerned, is but reflex of the chango that has taken place among well-to-do Englishmen during tho same period. As late as forty years ago Vno cloth was no sooner removed at an officer's guest night than all tho servants wore dismissed, tho door aailod up, the Queen's health proposed, ' and then a steady drinking bout introduced. " Tho chairman was strictly forbiddon to got drunk till he had seen all the others, including tho deputy chairman, fall on the floor." So says Captain Franco, en tho authority of an English officer, E. do "Warren, but it is doubtful whether such habits were in vogue flo late as á0 years ago. They were common enough 50 years before. Little Miss Burney tells us how a modest dinner which she attended was interrupted by the entrance of tho Duko of Clarence, who observed to ;all whom it concerned-" I v have promised to dance with Mary. I must keep sober for Mary." To which 'Thackeray maliciously adds-"Mary bad to find another partner that night, for the royal "William .Henry could not keop his legs." While our author gives ungrudging praise to tho ¡good qualities of the English officer, the latter's de ieots do not escape him. " To say the truth, he is generally speaking ignorant and lacking in enthusiasm." There is no doubt t]iat undor the purchase system some young men not remarkable for accomplishments found themselves in possession of tho Sovereign's commis- sion. But such a state of things has long ceased to oxist, so that now it is scarcely fair to de- scribe tho average office as " ignorant," We have seen some of the examination papers set to cadets in tho Sandhust Military College, and can say with confidence that the young men who answored a fair percentage of the questions might be wanting in enthusiasm, but >.* could not fitly be described as " ignorant" There S appears a soupcon of wickedness in the following : " Boys who have not yet completed their course of studies are commissioned as lieutenants in tho militia. For a consideration of 20 shillings a head a drill sergeant puts them through their facings. Onco a year, leaving their books and cricket balls for a short time, they go on duty with their regiment, wearingtho same uniform .and receiving tho same pay as tho officers of the Regulars. Then, folding up their regimentals nnd stowing them away till tho following year, they return to Livy and to tho study of divinity, and receivo, if they :are naughty, a caning from tho head-master. Accord- ing to statistics given some time ago by Major-Q-cnoral ;8ir Lintorn Simmons, " there exists at prosent a body of ?5821 militia officers, all equally ignorant of their .profession." An Irish officer describing to 'General Napier the .accomplishments of those who secured commission tho purchase i system alluded to one thus:-"S'ure i enough, ho has great olaimsirvice ¡ he's heen . SO years going to parade, guard, going to mess-to say nothing of theihe has dhrunk; why, the tax he paid the com the wino.would keep up a little bit of a wai alono all the ad- vantage the servico hadóla ho was asleep, doing no mischief." It j this Hibernian's estimate of his superior was)y pique. Captain France waa imrth the smart ap- pearance and bearing of and-file. At tho same timo ho does not to indulge in a little harmless bantlhe method of recruiting. He quotes, foi, : the reply made by a smart recruiting serge who asked, T ", what; class do the majorit recruits bolong ? " To the class of idiots," rebe imperturbable officer. At Bath it appoarsieard (from which we givo a few extracts) wasr tho information of country youths : desiratering tho pro- fession of arms:-?"Tho; taught tho arts of riding, driving,- . drainciog, gunnery, |and mechanics-tho rood uso- of gun- powder, sky-rockets.J and.reworks-and by tho power of tho lever to n2-pounder battery gun with tho same facilitjiny whistle. Tho cannons used in the} field! flying artillery, from the astonishing rapidiir movements, fcc., &b;," Captoin France mat British imitation with a French one which! many years ago, and -which said j atnosr things, " The mon dance three timesj ands twice a week, and tho rest of tho time jin fencing. Tho admiration professed . by >r for tho British regular is by no moans (to tho militiaman and volunteer. In this hows tho opinion of almost all professional soleen who have long been subject to strict discipprono to look with no kindly .eyes on irrogulapnclusion, it is tho author's opinion that ultimdtmd will be forced to fall in with thetcontiluu or submit to " obliteration." j| .. Under tho fresh-looking & um Boughs ani Wattle Bloom (Cassell anray), Donald Mac- donald, of Melbourne, hied a number of sketches originally contib' tho Argus and tho Australasian, Tho atfairly characterised I his own work in a romarkiis notes ara rather j those of an observer than ai," But if readers do not find iu these sketched-and-fast exactness I of scientific descriptions, ttíé refreshed by con verso with naturo as seen lolligent explorer of I " our Australian hills ia." Tno sketches j cover a great variety e$ from "A Mel- bourne Garden" to ind 'Wood-Notes," and. from "Juvenile î'i to . "Something about snakes." The stylealraost too leisurely for tho columns of a daily er; but tho sketches are not wanting in humde; following allusion ? to. the popular tradition abinäke's oar for music will indicate :-" Meeting ¿íl all kinds casuaUy in the country in my creoiys, I have, at somo facial inconvenience, whiirious popular airs without, in a .single instating them to assume tho far-away look that, uhumaa being in tho throes of musical enjoyihdeed, to bo candid about the result of tho expeihe snakes invariably acted as though they hippointtnont in some other part pf the colony.is who wished to be thought critical have romat this was tho very best evidonce that : snakcslly possess a sound musical taste." ,y? Biographies 'of Words, "'Home of the Aryas, by F. Max Müller (Longoen, and Co., 1888). Tho author of this book etsi a position enun- ciated in his "Science of i," published last year -"that thought is impwithout language, as lancuago is without thotijd'ithat consequently, "all thoughts which haveised through the mind of men must have found thombodiment and their perraament emhalmmontirds." As a further statement of tho argumen! present work, he says, " Wherever wo analyso lain a truly sebolar-liko spirit, whether in Iolant Tierra del Fuego, wo shall find in it the key toi'the deepest secrets of tho human mind, and tition of problems in philosophy and religion Tithing else can supply. ... . Every one wllus tho same lesson the lesson on ; which the 'science of thought is based-" that there is no ge without reason, aa there is no reason withoc tge." He asks why, in thia age of museums Elections of all kinds o f antiq ui ties, those wh o ae'to pay for Eoman coins or Greek bronzes, for Eg-jracolots or Babylonian cylinders, should not tun» ready-made musoum of our language, whoso «s'older than tho oldest of tho pyramids? Hr :s"outthat with two ex- ceptions all the modon ancient dialects of our small European Continent to three great families -tho Aryan, tho Semite the Turanian, and that " We might in fact olainholo of Europe for the Aryan family of speeci'remising that in the museum of words, as in'ell-arranged museums, there must be classiflcatil that tho wave upon wave method in which ryan family poured in upon Europe must bo dtod, ho proceeds to illus- trate by specimen words J to every day affairs in tho home, in commerce Government, how de- lightful a Btudy may br* of word life. One of his most interesting chacals with the date and placo of tho earliest .civilisation ; and this is how ho sums up tho aviih" The fact romains-at least I see no escape^-that tho ancestors of the Indian and Persians had reached the Land of tho Seven Rivers, nani« north of the Panjat bafore they became pernjij separated. Hore, there fore, within sight of thc¡iaud its tributaries, th undivided south-eastern ¿Bpoko a language mor primitive than Sanskrit Ad. What that languag was we can to a certainií discover by solcctinj words common to Sanski^Zend. Tho dato of tba language, at tho very lo'timato, must have beer about 2000 B.C." -j . TÄe Bisen- Ghristi fin? of Men, by the lab James Baldwin Browne' edited by his' widow (London: T, Fisher Uri This is a closely con neoted series of 16 disa» by a master of pulpil teaching. Tho last two as, on " Free Citizenship " and " Tho New Humanmay bo said to summarise tho argumont of the wjolumo; and thoy aro cer- tainly marked by brondview and power of lan- guage. The followinitract from tho first mentioned, is entiijcharactoriatic of Mr. Brown's general toac-jr-" Whenevor a religion has been preached to t»ple as were Buddhism, Islam, and Christianisre has been an immense ingathering of tho pei- its fold ; an ingathoring which has changed tlurse of tho groat world's affairs and given a nint of departure to human history. It is when fligion gets out of tho hands of its apostles into the's of its priests that the in- terest of tho poor eithjs or becomes a baso super- stition, paralysing alil eenso and soul." Equally truo to tho general ¿tion of tho preacher, and illustrative of this bo] this further specimen from tho Bormon on " The Nfùmaaity."-" I confess that I look with thA uaw tfc' hoon nn tim rthflrafltAristip. movements of oar tin-j-Mon, hoaest and earnest a our thinkers and leseare now, can do nothinj against the truth butte truth. They may troai for the time the CM*'worn-out symbol, and th( Gospel as an old-worl tempted them terribl|o it; but Christ has fini hold on men, quite otian our hoid-a hold whicl tho world oan uevor e^t»fE. Tho ideas which met cherish aud pursuoif great aims and hopes of society, are Chri; to tbs heart's core. Ont teacher may tell ue trighteouenoss is the ono thing of which we must tod think ; that if men will study that lesson theU regard as mere surplusage j much that man hostages clung to as tho gospel, j God speeed him I nen set themselves in earnest I to seek after righteoif'; they will learn full swiftly tho meaning of the feousneBs which is of God by faith. Another maiijjr tell us that devotion to an ideal humanity willljjthat passion of love and self sacrifice which is tttify, heil, and save society. God speed him t Titra he makes men to yearn to his ideal humanity,;fnoro will they be ready to hail tho message thrw has made it real for thom in tho Son whom l&h; given ; and tho moro will they find in that lovfjph sufferod and conquered on Calvary a fountain oflnite power. Others may say, ' Your thoology is alijinknowt world to us. Tho law of tho universo »folded vithin its bosom ; lot us alone to search fl tho onlj realities which man can have to do wit># physieil phenomena of lifo and of tho world.' Uspeed tarni Í God has not so i made tho world that* honest ftudy of it will in tho end lead men awayjfc Him! They are as yot but on the threshold of the mystery of nature. The deeper they Bearch it the clearer the signs which they will find of God." George Matheson, M.A., D.D., author of Can thc Old Faith Live with the Neie, has followed up that book by a kindred work-"The Psalmist and the Scientist, or Modern "Value of the Religious Sentiment " (William Blackwood and Sons, Edinburgh and London). Dr. Matheson treats the religious sentiment as tho earliest and the latest fruit of tho religious spirit-a fruit that begins before tho birth of - dogma and sur- vives after dogma has passed away; and this book may be. described as an inquiry as to whother tho reli- gious sentiment of tho past has been superannuated or rendered obsolete by the modern conception of nature. The terms Psalmist and Scientist he. employs to set forth- tho. seemingly opposite factors in his inquiry siuce " scienco ÍB confessedly the author of tho modern conception of nature, and tho Book of Psalms is admittedly the repesitory of tho I religious sentiment in its largest and most comprehensive form." fio traces " a clear distinction I between religions dogma nod religious sentiment, and finds in-it an explanation of the apparent inconsis- tencies in great thinkers. Taking tho case of . Schleir macher as an illustration, he Bays :-" Schloirmachor the critic is a sceptic, a man who woighs evidenco and regrets ' everything which does not conform to his evidential standard; Schloirmacher the pastor is a simple believer, a man of religious feeling, faith, and prayer. How aro we to reconcile these discrepancies ? Shall wo say that tho groat Gorman' thinker had different opinions at different times of tho day? or, shall we say that the attitude of the scentic represented his reality, and the attitude ot tho pastor ms acting r Neither; the explanation lies in a différent region I altogether. Tho dualism is to ho sought, not in tho i noturo of Sehloirmaolier, but in the nature of religious truth itself. In tho sphere of dogma ho knows, only in part, and tho part which ho knows is but an insignifi- cant fragment of the whole ; in tho sphere of senti- ment ho sees the whole already completed, already fully, realised." The book evidences much careful research, as woll as a skilful presentation of arguments in favour of tho author's final position, that tho worship which adapted itself to so diverse a mould , as tho philosophy of Alexandria, has succoedod also in adapt- ing itself to the scientific culturo of tho Nineteenth Century. Christianity v. Ecclesiasticism, edited by F. H. (Williams and Norgate, London and Edinburgh, 1887). This is a clevcrly-writton controversy between Rev. Hugh Hiorou8, M.A., M.O.U., and his parishioner Thcophilus Truman-imaginary natnos representing schools of thought. The controyewy deals with church creeds, and with » ecclesiastics thomsolvos as represented by Keble, Pusey, and Newman, with Biblical inspiration; and other kindred subject?.' : As tho editor speaks his own views through .tho parishioner, tho priest naturally gets the worst of tho argument. Still both sides seem fairly and boldly represented; and for readers who havo timo for controversy this will provo a vory sugges- tive book. As usually happons in ' discussions of this kind tho parties find themselves at tho close pretty near the starting point, with only this difference, that thoy seem if anything further apart from each other and loss likely ever to agree, again. Tho churchman thus pronounces his liberum animam nveam: "Asia priest to whom the Holy Ghost has boon given by tho imnnsition of Anoatrilift hanlin fnr- t.ha nnnninl mir pose that I should thereby become a faithful dispenser of the word. of God and His holy sacraments, and bo enabled to forgive or retain sins, I implore you .to lead a new life. . . . And may tho merciful God, whom tho the church over prays to havo mercy upon all Jews, Turks, Infidels, and heretics, take from you all ignorance, hardness of heart, and contempt of His' word, and bring yon fully homo to his fold, :tho church." To whom tho parishioner: " Wero I, my dear vicar,to adopt your arguments, I could not seek tho 'fold' you represent, but should forthwith repair to tho older, moro consistent, and more logical church, from' which tho Church of England has seceded. Moreover, from the great teacher I havo learnt the gratifying fact that there i's sent to each earnest, anxious, prayorful mind a power, a spirit, 'which will guido you into, all truth.' . . . Such Christians need not, theroforo, the counsels of pope, priest, monk, father, or confessor to guido them through tho labyrinths of paradoxical creeds--creeds by which monk and priest alike err in ' teaching for doctrines the commandments of mon.'." The Story of the Niger (T. Nelson and Sons, 1888), is an illustrated record of travel and adventure from tho davs of Mungo Park to tho present time, by Bobort Richardson. The materials o£ wnien it is mauu up have been gathered from a great number of bulky volumes, and skilfully woven into a conoiso narrative. Readers will find hore, in tho compass of a few hun- dreds of pages, nearly all that was most striking, most pathetic, or most humorous in tho voluminous records of travol by Park, Clapperton, Landers, Gallieni, Barth, and Thompson. An illustrabion ot Bpecial inte- rest is a sketch map of the basins of tho Senogal and Niger, showing Mungo Park's intendod route on his second expedition to Central Africa, reproduced from tho original drawing made by tho traveller, and pre- sented to his niece, Miss Jane Park. The Lost Dauphin, Louis XVII., or Onwarenhiiaki, the Indian Iroquois Chief. By A. do Grasse Stevens (George Allen, Kent, 1887). This is a singular little book, devoted to the identification of Mr. Williams, an Indian Chief and Missionary to his tribe, with the " lost Dauphin," Louis XVII, of Franco. As to the utility of Buch a discussion the author has not much to say. It may be askod, ho remarks, "Of what good is this recapitulation of events and lives long since ended, against whoso crimes and inconsistencies finis has been written these many years ?" Granted, tho answer remains unsatisfactory, for who can provo that Louis . XVII, of France and Mr. Eleazor Williams wore one and tho Bamej yet who can disprove it. True, or largely imaginary, tho story here recapitulated is full of interest, and it seems to have commanded tho belief - of some of the most scholarly and prominent mon of tho 'time. - ? Sliahcspeare, and oilier Lectures, by George Dawson M.A., edited by George St Clair, F.G.S. (Kogan Paul Trench, and Co. 1888). Tho publication of Mr. Daw son's " Biographical Lectures " somo timo ago oxóitec a demand for more of his productions; boneo tho ap pearance of this volume containing lectures an< speeches; some dolivored in earlior yearä, some in later and differing considerably in stylo and merit Thi oditor.explains, however, that tho diäparitios of styli and merit aro owing jooro to tho reporter than to thi speaker. A great number of tho lectures aro dovotet to Shakespeare's works ; but a variety of other subject! aro also treated, either in lectures or speeches. Dr. Henry Sutherland has brought out a little book of Notes on tlie History of Freemasonry (John Balo and Sons, London, 1887). Tho publication wai at first designed for private circulation amongst thc author's friends, but it met with such a favourable reception that it has now been enlarged and given tc tho public. The author divides the historians of Free- masonry into two schools- the mystical and tho authentic. The first montioned commenced with Dr. Anderson, who, in his " Book of Constitutions," pub I lished in 1723, assumed that the order is traceable aa far back as tho building of Solomon's Temple Later writers of tho same school have carried tho dato fur- ther back still, and m ado Freemasonry as old as the world itself. Dr. Suthorland, following tho authentic school, has based his little book on written and printed rocords. Object Lessons and How to Conduct Them, by Thomas Morrison, LL.D., Hector of tho Freo Ohuroh Training Collogo, Glasgow (William Collins and Sons) consists of 50 outline lessons on common objects, Buch as familiar animals, plants, and substances employed in ordinary life. A valuable introduction affords tho necessary hints to teachers, and discusses tho value of this particular mothod of instruction. Dr. Morrison is very sovore on tho " unfortunate codo of 1803," which, by its " rigid inelastic standards and its metallic mechanism, well-nigh strangled the lifo of true educa- tion." Tho new code under which teachers now work has allowed tho reinstatement of tho object-lesson, and the author of this little manual emphasises the advice of one of tho leading educational authorities :-" Object lossons must be abundant, suitablo to tho ago and capacity of tho children, kindly, conversational in style, and stimulative of intelligence" An important volume of The Pulpit Commentary (Kegan Paul, Trench, and Co.) is now to hand, cover- ing tho first eight chapters of tho Gospel of St John. Tho introduction and exposition aro by Hov. H. lt. Reynolds, D.D., President and Professor of Theology, Cheshunt Collego, and Fellow of University College, London. Tho homiletics aro by Rev. Professor T, Croskory, D.D., lato Professor of Systematic Theology, Mageo College, Londonderry ; and various authors havo contributed the homilies. Dr. A. M. Brown, of London (formerly of Sydney), has published a valuable treatise on the' Animal Alka- loids (Balliere, Tindall, and Co.), in which tho " ptomaines and loucomainos " aro chemically, physio- logically, and pathologically considered in relation to scientific medicine. This work follows up the author's essay on tho " Origin of Contagia," published in 1884, and its value is greatly enhanced by an introduction by Profossor Armand Gautier, of, tho Faculty of Medi- cine of Paris. We have also to acknowledge tho reooipt of tho fol- lowing publications:-Falling Leaves, a beautifully illustrated little book of songs and sketches, arranged J by E. Nesbit and Robert Ellice Mack (Griffith, Farran, and Co.). The Merchandise Marks Act of ,1887, with notes by George D. Ham, dealing with tho Customs regulations in regard to the importation of goods heir- ing trade or descriptive marks, Sec (Effingham Wil- son, London). .Three illustrated workB of " The Leaden- hall Press Sorio3 ef Forgotten Picture Books for Children," viz., The Gaping Wide-moulhcil ITacZdiing Frog, a now and entertaining gamo of questions and commands j Dame Wiggins of Lee, a humorous talo, wriftnn nmnmnnllo IM. n la,1" nf Oft'. "",1 T»"J">,."J, r>""i and her Donkey, another humorous talo. . Two recrea tion handbooks, edited* by E. D. Bourne, Boys' Gama and Girls' Games, eaoh containing full "directions foi playing over ' 100 of the most popular gamos Irish Minstrelsy, a volume of " The Canterbury Poets,' containing a selcctien of Irish songs, lyrics, and bal lads, original and translated,. edited, with notos ant introduction, by LT..Halliday Sparling (Walter Scott, London). A Greek Testament Primer; an easy gram- mar and reading book for tho uso of students beginning Greek, and designed to enable students who havo no! had tho advantage of a classical education to read thc Sacred Books in tho tonguo in which they wove written, by tho Rev. Edward Miller, M.A. (tho Clarondon Press, 1888). Very Short Stories in Very Slwrt Words, with numerous' illustrations, an attractive little story bosk for young children, by tho Hon. Emmeline M. Plunkett (Wölls, Gardner, Barton, and Co., London). Mrs, Penicott's Lodger, and other Stones, in which homely material is pleasantly handled by Lady Sophia Palmer (Macmillan and C».). Sister Ellen, and Clare's Probation, two simple stories, feelingly told, by Holona Brooks (Tho English Publishing Company, London). Sherry ana, a most attractively got up little book, in which the praises of sherry aro sung by IV W. C., and cloverly illustrated by Linloy Sambourne. A sixth edition of Days in a Garden, by E. V. B. (Elliot Stock); and Little Miss Peggy, a model story-book for the nursery, by Mrs. Molesworth (Macmillan and Co.). Wo have received from Mr. T. Kingsland, of Mel- bourne, a copy of his Comprehensive System of Elocution (Grillith and Spavin, Melbourne, 1887). This is a text-book, intended mainly for tho bonofit of Mr. Kingsland's pupils. No pretensions» aro rnado in it to originality as regards rules, but tho author claims to havo laid down tho rules and exorcises in a moro com- prehensive form than is usually tho caso in elocutionary manuals. Ho follows tho lystom, of training intro- duced to tho colonies by his teacher, tho lato Mr. T. P. Hill, and has already socured commendatory notice from tho pres3 ' and the hoads of sevoral educational institutions of Melbourne. . 