Fleetwood's End. THE STORY OF TWO CHRISTMAS EYES. BY ADELINE SERGEANT. Author of "Jacobi's Wife," "Under False Pretences," &c.;, &c.; [ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.] CHAPTER I. The winter had been mild that year. On Christmas Eve there was no sign of either frost or snow. The soft haze that hung over the landscape like a veil was neither healthy nor exhilarating. Bain hud fallen heavily tt>o day before, and every* thiug still seemed damp—roads, green fields, and leafless trees—all alike oozed water and were dunk aud colourless and sad. There was a graynoss in the sky, a profound stillnrss over the instic Mid laudßhira meadows, which depressed even the stout riders who had been oat all day and were trooping homeward in tho dusk of tho short winter's day with tho feeling that—for once— their expedition in this murky weather had scurcoly been worth the pains. A little group of men halted for a few minutes at the well-kuowu cross roads outride the villago of Edge field. Thero was a littlo talk, a little laughter, before tho gentloraen sepura ed, but .-it lust tho cheery farewells were spoken, aud the pai ty broke up. Two wout togethor along the Melxord-road ; three turned towards Cotbridgo, the neighbouring county town; aud ouo laced round to tho west, whero a narrow lave, skirted by deep 1 auks and guuut hedge-rows, run from the cross roads straight to Edgetield Hall. The lave was half a mile in length and lay between great luugtus of \ alture land; the clustering red houses of which the village was co nposed stoud beyond tho cross roads, full three-ijuarUn nf a niilo from " the great house," tlm residence of 8 r ltayinoir.l Lawrence, the liimllnid of tlio Edgffield villager.-. It was to this liousj that tho solitary horbemau went. As he turned into the lane he thought to him self that it was a pretty place in summer, when dog-roses and honeysuckles tiai'.od along the hedgos, when the stec]> bunks were bright with Btitchwort aud convolvulus, and thrush and blackbird and nightingale souudod their notes sweetly in tho shadowing elm trees above. Hut now the lave was dreary—unspeakably droury, as tho shadows of evening drew on ujia :o, und gave to it tho look of a deep tuuuel into tho dark ness. Thero was a loneliness, a weirdness, in the scene which might woll have chilled the blood of a nervous man. Hut tho rider who wheeled his horse round into the narrow lime liad U'ver known the sensation of nervousness in his life, lie was denji in thought, of a pleasuruble kiud, judging from the smile that played upon his lips, itud he let tho bridle full loose upon his horse's neck. It was uot necessary to guide him. Sultau was huro-footed, and kuew the way. But the lane was not so lonely ns it looked. Half.way down it there was a irate into a field. This p:it^ , fitting inn> a hollow which had heen ■ lv; out of tin. hiph hnnk. f• • i"» 11• • 1 a ivii-.s when-in a fi!;uri> miu'lit e.T-ily cr> urJi will ••nt lming ■•■ivii liy an .-itj r-■.••••liiii.ir pMs-ongi'i. T!<ti» foi t\v<i hours "t the .ittr.iHx.iL a iikiii h:ul lurked, in waiting tor tin- ri'Jtr wh>i ni'W ir-nnu by. It would not be :i pleasant thing to think that a man of this man's build and countenance was lying in ambush for ono in a lonely luno at the Lour of dusk—especially if ho happened to be one's enemy. Roger Fleetwood was a tall sturdy fellow, with a brawny arm, a sullen eye, v loweriug brow: ho wu not without his share of good looks, but a malignant expression took away from his dark face all claim to admiration. He was dressed iv shabby velveteen, and carried a stout oak cudgel in his hand. He leaned agaiust the gate-post, screeuiug himself behind a threat thorn-bush, trying as much as possible to hide himself from the eyes of auy casual passer- by. It was for no good purpose that he atood waiting and watching there. He also had been watched for part of the after* noon. In the field to which the gate gave entrance there had lingered a lean, dark-eyed, sallow-faced boy, about thirteen years of age. He bad twice crossed the Aeld without being seen; once he had come near the gate and been sworn at uud roughly ordered away. Roger Fleetwood hud kept stricter watch after this episode. But he did not see the lad again; probably ho had pono home. Ho was Roger's nephew, Stephen Fleetwood by uume. In tho stillness of the evouing hour, Fleetwood at last heard the sound of v horse's hoofs iv tho lonely lune. He tightened bis grasp upon the cudgel; a murderous look come into his blood shot eyes. ♦ I'll do for bim now,' he muttered to himself. ' I'll pay him out. He's got uo chanco against »»<?.' There was a bend in the lane just before the gate. The horse and its rider came slowly steadily forward. A glance showod Fleetwood that tho gentleman was totally off his guard. The rurfiau did not hesitate. In ono moment he hud seized the bridle and was trying to pull the rider from his saddle But he met with more opposition than he had expected. The horse plunged aud reared, but the horseman kept bis seat. 'Fleetwood! Stand off, sir! What do you mean, man r' 'I moan to have you down from there and beat you to a jelly,' said Fleet wool, ranking a new attempt to dismount his enemy. He had the best of it this time. Tho gentleman was dragged from his saddle, and the horse escaped with v great pounding of hoofs along tho lane. The two men closed with one auother in a terrific struggle, iv the midst of which Fleetwood breathed out oatht>, curses, accusations, whilst his opponent kept v grim silence aud wrestled hard. He was slighter than Fleet wooi, but agile and muscular. FleoU wood was beginning to breUhe noisily; he wui losing ground. 'I'll pay you out—for turning me off—l'll make you* repent it—you shall pay for it,' he panted, with his furious face close to that of his fee, his arms closing iv a deadly embrace around the body of his enemy. ' You shall suffer—too.' But lie hnd not all the advantage that he thought. By some sudden twist, some almost superhuman effort, the man whom Fleetwood wuo attacking got his right arm free. Hib hand still clasped the houvy hunting crop, of which he had taken a firmer hold at the moment when Fleetwood gripped his bridle. He struck with it uow—>truck with all bis strength tit the game keeper's head. The man's hands relaxed; he fell backward into tho road without a groan. Tho blow had been well-aimed, it hud fallen with terrific force upon the ruffiau'd temple. As he lay across tho road, his whole body quivered throughout for a moment or two, his eyelids opened and shut, and a frightful contraction of his features tookplaco—a convulsive stretch of the mouth that looked like a ghastly grin. Then the flickering eyeballs seemed to turn in their sockets, aud the body lay quite still; the mouth dropped and the features assumed a quietness which seemed almost uuuatural iv its perfect repose. There could be no doubt as to the meaning of that terrible stillness. The blow had been well struck, and it hod sent Roger Fleetwood to his hut account. The man who had struok him stood for a minute or two in stunued amaze. Then he knelt down in the road aud examined bis late enemy's face, raised the helpless hands and laid them down again, stood up and lookod round for help, liko oue distraught. His face hud grown as palo as that of tho dead man himself. Evidently be could scarcely believe that his blow had had such a terrible result. He even dashed some water on Fleetwood's face, half hoping that the man was insensible—not really dead. But his efforts were of course of no avail. Rogor Fleetwood wus dead —killed by a blow detlt him by anothor man. Tho blow was certainly given in self-defence; but, for all that, the man who hod givon it felt himself suddeulj—wretchedly—branded for ever with the mark of Cain. He bent ovor the prostrate figure and examined it again. Thore was no sign of auimutiou. He could doubt no longer. Fleetwood was dead dead as a stone. Tho muu who had killed him stood for a minute or two, looking at tho de id face with a growing sense of 1 otior. The night seemed to have darkened suddenly arouud him, but that dead white face was awfully diitiuct. He flt that he must get awuy from it. Ho must got help—he must send nion for the body—he must toll the story to his friends. Must ho: But why? Ho had many reasons for wishing this deed undone, or at any rate uu diicovercd. Why uetd he implieute himsoH? Tncr j was no one near. No oue need over kuow that it was by his hand that Hoger Fleetwood, the poacher, the gaol-bird, the criminal, lay dead iv Edgefield- lane. lie cauus to no decision at the moment. Ho turned awiiy. meaning to be guided by circum stances. lVrlums tho servants at the Hall had already been alarmed by iho appeurauco of a riderless horse : it so, lie woulil have to explain what had occurred. Hut no; a few puces hrmi'jiit him "P to *'10 startled uuimiti, still quivering with nervous alarm, but ready to yield obedience to his inu.stcr'H voice and hand. Sultan's master patted and soothed him, leading him for a fow pueud aloiijr thu Ihiiu : then ho re adjusted his clothce, which had been torn and crumpled in thu sen Hie, remounted tho horse, and 10J0 quietly away to Edgetie d Hall, Tlu; dead man lay iv the road, bin sightless eyeballs upturned to the dull gray sky. Aud when the sound of tho horse's hoofs had died iiway tho white gate in tho hedge-row wiib Boftly unlatched by a frightened, peering, white-faced lal, wh>> crept cautiously up to Rogor Fleet wi pod's side uud looked at th-j "ghastly lace. He looked ouce. twice, with chattering teeth aud >tr;iupc'.y dilated eyes, iv which there niicht bo hotror aud nLiriu but not a sipu of grief, and then he tuiueU as if to go. Something in tho road seemed to glitter at his feet ami made him start. But he recovered himself aid stooped to see what, it w;is. A <:old si. cvi'-link, licit was nil. 11-.' piVki-il it t>]> .ilil put it in bin y< ilaM, mon< I'nim liahit than fmni any ilnam <•( ."11• r,ti fV'iJ' tl I- mmdl'U'r. 'j'ln-ii r i..i>-r c: in lip«Mi him—-i honor i.t ihe wl'iti i:i--r, tin- I'ini's. thu s-hitdi'W.* '•; th>- l:iii". .ni.l h" tied Mom thn place as last n? his iei't \\\ ■u!ii uurv him. Apd not for many a long day did Stephon FUetwood say what he had seen a-id heard upou that Christmas Eve iv Edgefield-lane. OItAITEB 11. What a contrast between the lane in winttr an 1 the lane iv munur tiino ! Six nvmths after Roger Flcetwood's iloatli (' wilful raurJer aga:nst tome person or pers jus uukuowu ' had I o=u the verdict at the iuquest), tbo Juno sunsh'uo wag streaming brillumiy upon meadowlaud aud copse, wheat field nnd lir wood, aud silvery ruuuing streams, ns if there hud uever beeu a tragedy iv the world. Ono could hardly pioture to oucself the commission of auy great crime, or the existence cf any dark mystery, on such a golden day of sunshine and delight. But sin and sorrow, folly and crimo, follow us like black shadows through the brightest days of summer ime. Near the crosa roads stood the outlying cottages of Edgefield. Most of the houses iv this village had a prosperous well-oared-for look; but there was ono dwelling distinguished from tho rest by its air of desolate sloveuliuess. The slip of garden before and behiud it was a mere tuugle of woods; the windows wero broken Hud patched with paper; tho wooden eate hung loose upou its hinges. The agout had often threatened to turn out the woman who lived in this place; but she was poor, she was a widow, aud the landlord, Sir Raymoud L iwrenco, had shown her a consideration which ho was not in the habit of showing to all his tonautn. Mrs. Trotter hid had several warnings: but she did not tako much heed of them, and tho agent had oome to the conclusion that sho ought to go. He had persuaded Sir Raymond ou that fair June morning to ride past Mr.«. Trotter's cottage, and to convince himself, it he needed couvinciug, that Mrs. Trotter was anything but a desirable touaut. Sir Raymond met a friend on the road not far from Mrs. Trotter's cottago. As he had ono or two rather private matters to discuss with this geutlemau, ho told his boy, Jack, who had accom panied him, to ride on; he would joiu him iv a iniuute or two. So Jack trotted sot>erly forward, and then stopped for a few miuutos by tho way side to couteinplate tho vagaries of a squirrel iv a heocb-troe. Ho was a handsome bright-eyed boy of twelve, the apple of his father's eye, aud siugularly unlike him in appearance. Sir Kuv mou I wa3 sallow, dHrk-eyed, dark-haired, with stcrnly-sot features, and a half-melancholy half supercilious air. He was a flue-looking man, but ho was anythiug but peuial iv manner, and was not generally liked. Now Jack was a lad of the type which makes for popularity. Ouo could novcr imagine him a disagreeable man. He was fair, curly-haired, blue-eyed, always ready for a joke, warm-hearted, generous, impetuous. It was said tnat he was vorv liko hu> mother, who had d.'ci when he was a littlo child. A* he waited for his father, a sound fell upon his enr which pot his young heart beating wildly. It was of a child's cry—au ajcouisud scroam. en ling in wails and moans of paiu. With the c\v came the sound of blows and an angry woman's voice ; and it all came from one place— l rom Mra. Tiouter's cottage. There wns something 80 peculiarly panful iv the cry, something so suggestive of physical torture, that even the gentlomen in the road were struck by it. Jack Lawrence was off his pouy without a moment's delay ; he left it in tie road and rushed through the wooden prate and up the garden path, straight to the cottage door. Seoiug this, the two geutlomeu followed him, but with more delibora t on. The crios coutiuuod, but they were growing v- little taint. Jaok burst opon tho cottage door. Ho forgot tint ho had no ri<iht. to rush iuto anothor person's house in this abrrp 1. manner: tho child's pathetic rriraipudo him quito oblivious o* tho ordinary rules of courtesy. The sound was so- un m-'stakably tho cry of a child in jui'n tbat Jack jo«t hi« hoad. And on opening the door ho saw a sight which struck him dumb for tho moment with horror and surprise. Mrs. Troiter was a tall, masculine-looking woman with fiorce black ovoh. Her face was rod with anger, aud her black hair hung over her thouldcrs, looccuod by tho exorofco iv which she Boomed to be engaged, nor sl< eves were rolled up to hor elbow, displaying strong, red aims; with ono great haud sho clutched the bare shoulder of a child of seven or eight years old, and with the other i>ho wielded a broom- stick, her weapon of chastisement. The child's dress was almot>t trru off her back, which bore the traces of cruel punishment. 'How dare you." cried Jack, quite ready to enter iuto the lists with this virago, in defence of an innocent child. ' Leave off beating your littlo girl this moraont' ' What do you come interfering for ?' said Mrs. Trotter, who possibly did not rccoguifo her laud lord's son. ' I'll do as I plonso wi' my own, at any ratr.' And d iwn camo tho stick onco moro, leiving a great reil whoal across tho child's bare 6houldoi-B, and causing her to shriek in ugonv. Jurk could not bear tho sight or the sound. He Bprnnjr upon thn woman an 1 tried to wrest the stick from hor lrindß. In her surprise at his audacity, who let tho child escape from hor grasp, iiud when at that very moment tho two genllc mcu—ono of them a jnstic! of the peaa — nppi'ared ut her very door, sho let go her hold of tho woapon and started back iv some alarm. Tho child lay on tho ground, moaning and sob bing bitterly; tho rod aud livid marks on hor whito Hosh told their own cruol talr. ♦ What dons this mean? Wnat arc you doiug to that child ?' asked Sir Hnymoud sternly. Tho woman dropped a curtsey and gave him :i Billion half- frighlonod Htaro. 'Children must bo corrected,' sho said roughly, ' whou thoy do wrong, Sho'n a lit.'lo thief and liar, aud sho deserves a whipping.' 4 No child cnu deseryo wrh punishment as you nre inflicting,' wild Sir Raymoud. 'It is shoor unmitigated cruelty, aud I shall sec that you aro punished for it. I can benr witness as to your trpntment of your child, and I'm much mistaken if the mninstrates will not givo you hai-d labour for it. You will get notice to- night to leave this cottage, Mrs. Trotter, aud I shull see about petting your child iuto a Homo. You nre evi dontly not fit to take ohnrpo of her.' 'Sho ain't my child, and I don't want to have no cbarjio of hor,' *aid Mrs. Trotter doggodly. ' She's the wußt child I ever come acro-ts, and deserves all sho gets, she does. She takes alter her fiither.' •Who is her father r' 1 He's dead :iud Tfe was one Roger Flcet wood—beliko you'vo heard of him, seeing as how ho wni nnrr iv your employ, nnd tiirnt'd oft" for dishonesty, and nfterwtinh found dead in your own lain1. Jack was watHiinvr hi-s father's face, and saw a rli:»»ipe I'oinp over it, at whirl) lie wondered. .Sir Wayuioml turiuxl pale, ;uid set his lins lirtuly to get'lirr. art if to control a 'udil"-n s|i;isiu of ji.tu. ■Jack nskt?'J himself whether hi*, lather had I>ui:ii t.ik-n ill • WU'.-twr, ■d"': rliiM •' sail Su It.iyy.-Mi.l. uftei :i moment's silence. ' I never knew that ho had auy family. 1 , ... , 1 Oh yes, ho did, sir: he had that ono child, aud a good-I'or-uothing lym* little hussy she is, too. Hot up, you wicked littlo viper, you !' she cried, stamping her foot iv a ucw access of fury. ' Don t you tie there, whiuiporiuf, or 111 give youtho stick "^•anTyour threats Mrs. T. otter, 1 said Sir Raymond, coldly, ' you will not have tho chance of doing that. How oomes the little grl in your 'You may well ask tliat, sir,' returned the womau iv a tone of injury. 'It's a wonder to me how ever I took up wi' auy or the brood. You'll remember that her fathor, Roger Fleet wood, wad killed in E-lgeSeld-laue last Coriatmui Eve?' 'I remember,'sai 1 the raron*tshortly. Tho spasm ot pain Hoemed to pass over his face ouoe more. 'You know the soit of man, sir, I'm sure; seoiug as how •» ou youwelf turned him off and sent him to prison for poaching, aud tried your beat to get him out o' the village, fiud n -l>o ly blames you as kuowstho brood,' said Mrs. Trotter, viciously. 'Theresa uovvy of his—Stephen, hs used to live with him—aud since Fleetwood's death it's Stepson «B pays me a tnile a wook to look after that gal; nut she niu't worth the trouble, sho ain't; aud I've had enough of her. Yah!' She turned to tho child, who had drawn herself together in a sitting posture on the floor, with her faco hidden on her kueos, aud uttered a sound of angry contempt. ' I shall remove the child from your care, said Sir Raymond, with severity. * Aud I shall do my best to soo that you aie punished for your cruelty. Perhaps a few weeks iv Cotbridge Gaol will toaoh you a little moro mercy." . The womau broke out iD a high key, • It a u't mercy that's been wanting; the child's a sneak ing lttile liar as deserves every boue iv her body broke—it's kindness itsolf I've beeu to her—and at for Cotbridge Gaol' But Sir Raymond turned away. Jack was already on ouu ktico bosido the little girl, coaxing and potting her, Olieriug her bou-bous from his pocket. Ho got her to look up at last. Sir Ray mond gave hor an odd look, almost as if ho folt a sense of repulsion at tho sight of hor. Sho had small features, black olf lo :ks, and great dark oves that looked too large for her tiny whito face. Sho was not exactly a pretty child, but sho lookod as if sho might be pretty by aud by. ♦ What is your uamo, my littlo girl:' ho sa d, trying to speak kindly. The child stared at him out of her melancholy eyes and made no reply. ' Tell me your uatno, won't you ': s:iid Jack. Sho auswerod 4El»b,' with a HtHo sob after tho word. . •Father,' sail Jack, looking up at Sr Ray mond, 'you won't Ut hor stay here, will you ? Let us tnke her to Auut Mary at tho Hall. Auut Mary will know wh.it to do.' Sir Raymond nodded aud turned to the woman, who was listening with a sullen atolid air as it' she were restrained only by fear from utteriug a volley of abuse. ' Dress this child properly.' he said, pointing to Elsie's hall -bare liinhs, 'and J will takeheraway with .me. You am iv form the cousin, Stepheu, if that bo bis name, that she has been taken to Edgeflpld Hall. You will hear from mo aga n. Tell the boy, Steptieu, to come to me' In angry silcce Mrs. Trotter did as she w. s desiiod. She muttered fiercely to horuelf as ah fastened a little frock and piuaforo round Elsie's shrinking shoulders; sho seemed iv no way afraid of Sir Raymond, but bitterly vindictivo agniust the child. When the f>mall preparations woro complete, Elsiei rather to her alarm, was taken up boforo Sir Kaymoii'l on his groat black horse, and Mrs. Tiotter and hor cottage and ihe old life of poverty aud pain wero left behiud for over. Elsie F.dctwood was given over to tho cuo of ' Aunt May—or rather, Mrs. Murray, Sir Ray moud's widowed sister, who kept house for him— and Auut Mary was delighted with the charge. Elsie wiii'nursed and petted, aud put to bod that night in the housckeopcr's own bedroom, her last question before «ho went to HJeop being oiio that she had repeated Bovertil tiroes, 'Mrs. Trot tor won't be able to get mo away, will she?' And only when finally reawured on this point by Sir Raymond himself did she fall asleep. It was not likely that Mis. Trotter would trouble her, for when a policeman paid her cot tage a domiciliary visit ho fouud the building empty. Mi*. Troiter had do-amped iv evident fear of what the law and Sir Raymoud might do to her. It was rumoured that she had beon seoti in Cotbri'lge, but nobody wns certain of the fact. Her memory was finally suffered to die away; she appeared no more iv that part of the country, aud her cottago was soon occupied by anothor family, who approached more nearly than Mrs. Trotter to th"o standard sot up for tho teuauts on Sir Raymond's estate. Tho curious thing was that Stephen Flcetwood disappeared with her. Sir Raymond oxpeetrd for BOino days that tho boy—J. wild gipsy- lrokins lad—would como up to the Hall aud ask for his little cousin, to whom (from what Elsie ;ind Mrs. Trotter had said) he seemed tendeily attached. But Stephen did not come. He had Jcft his work, loft tho villiigo—gone, tis Mrs. Trotter had gone., without, a word. And what was to bo dono with littlo Elsie, thus thrown entirely ou Sir Ray mond's humls? Jack sought hia fathor ou^ ono oveninc, when Sir Raymond was sittiug alone in the library iv tno twilight, and bmached tho subject. We ought t> docido wh.it lo do, oughtn't, we?' he said migoly, after a lengthy recapitulation of all the facts of th.c case, during-which Sir Riymoud sat silent, with his faco turuod to tho garden aud the sky, faintly visilno at dusk through the opcu librnry windows. ' What do you want to do: said Sir Rnynioud at lust, coldly aud slowly. 'Oh, fathor,' Jack burst out, 'if you'd only let her stay with us! Aunt Mary says who would like ti keep her always; and Hho's such a (|tiiot little thing, oho would never bo in your way. I should like to have her for—for a littlo sister, if you didn't mind. You see she has nobody be longing to her; there's nobody to interfere.' 'l)o you remember,' said his fatbei— he spoke with difficulty; it scorned to Jack—'that hor father was a thiof, ;i poacher, a blackguard of tho deepest dyer' A straugo tone of passionate protest had crept into his voice. ' What doos that matter ?' said young Jack, with a boyish Jaugh. 'You don't tliiuk that she's got all his bad qualities, do you, father: All that l/i"/ Mrs. Trotter said of her was a lie, you know. Poor Elsie had lost a sixueuce that she had been sent with to the village shop ; aud that was why that wmtch of a womau boat her. She \< the d. aiest little tiling in the. world. Let. her slav, won't you, father? It will !■;• ro kindof yon—just as kind till'! irood ns you always arc' Sir X iyiii«Mi(l ni'ivi-il uneasily in liia chair. Hi* eon's a IV" i'ti"iiati IlittilV un-1 ip-iie-al In him. •It i-- yni.r doiu;.;, .laYk," ho viid. 'If ymi want l.nr t" stay herr>, I havu hi) objection.' And in :" lower voice: It is uot for in°, surory, to put obstacles iv the way.' But Jack did not heed the latter words. • Sho may stay! she may stay !' he cried joyously. ' I'll go and toll Aunt Mary; she'll be'ao glad. You ate good, father ; and Elsie will be as glad as wo are. too.' Ho ran off, whistliug and singiug as he wont. Left alone, Sir Haymoud dropped hi* face upon h s haud and sat for a few moniouts rigid and motoulcss, liko a figure carved iv htone. Pro sontly, however, there cairn amovemout, a tremor, and a whibporod word. ' God grant that I may make amends!' Sir Raymond said. CnAPTBH 111. Again the curtain falls, and upon a longer in* torval than heretofore. \Vhen it rises once more on Edgofleld Hall, and Bdgefleld village, and EdgeHell-lauo, ten years hare passed away. Elmo FleeUood is a girl of eighteen; and Jack, her playfellow, her protector, her warmest and tiuest friend, is a young mau of twenty-two. The arrangement by which Elsie was made an inmute of E Icefield Hall had proved eminently successful, Sho had been Mrs. Murray's pot; she was Jack's best comrado ; she was us a daughter to Sir Raymoud. Yet, o:eu Sir Raymond had yieldod to tho influeuco of her sweet brightness, ho- gontlo beauty. If sho had been his own child it soniotimcB soemod that he could not have loved her more. Sho was tho petted daughtor of the house. . Cluiitmas was again drawing near, and Elsie wu anicipatiug with delight tho nturn of Jack from Oxford. Ho had written to her in his fraulc, kind, brotherly way, telling her that be wanted plouty of skating that winter, and that she must be pro} arod to skate with him. And Elsie had smiled with glee at the prospect, ani was heari to express a fervent hope that the thermometer would speadily sink to zero. It seemed auf her wish might almost be ful filled. Winter had begun early that year; snow fell during the first week of December, and was succooded by a long hard fro>t. •If it will only last!' criod Elsie on the 17th of the month, when symptoms of a thaw wero seen aud Jack was ex puctud ou the morrow. It would be uubearablo if a thaw came before Jack had had uuy skating. Sho rj.-olvod to walk down to Fullot's loud—a groat shallow picco of wator in tho neighbourhood —and to investigate for herself the chance of its ' bear* inor' for the next fow days. Sho made a pretty picture, as sho sot off for hor afternoon's expedition, with hor white silky haired dog at hor heols. She wore a costume of doep red, trimmed with dark fur, a fur-trimmed hat to match, v loutr boa. and a dainty littlu muff. Sh« had moro than fulfilled the promise of hor childhood, as far as good looks wero concerned. She had a pa o but cleur complexion, haudsomo features, a nui» of waviug dark hair, and mag niriceut (lark eyes. She was of middle hoight, neither »IOJt nor t'nu, but possessed of all the gr:ice unct suppleuoi<B of motion that cotno from perfect health aud symmetry of limb. Sho was a beautiful girl, and it wascortau that she would make an exceedingly beautiful woman. So thought a youug man who, unseen by hor, had followed her for some little distauce aloug tho road, aud now btood watchiug behind a clump. of pollard willows, while she amused herself with thtpw ing stioks aud stones aud inciting her dog to fetch them from the icj. But the thaw had set iv. The ice was cracking and bonding iv every direction; it would not boar even the dog's light weight. As Elsie looked, sho saw a black patch of water, widening be tween the floating sheets of thin ice, and into this black patch poor Floss had sunk, and was now swimming aud struggling, aud whining piteously for holp. It Beomed as if the creature kuew wherein tho danger lay. There was a currcut iv this part of tho pond which was suckiug hor down, aud if ouo.e she was drawn under tho ico she could not possibly escape. Elsio saw the duuerr aud uttered a faint cry. • Oh, FJoss, Flojs, I can't lot you drown,' sho said. Aud with a sudden rash impulse sho hor self stepped out upon tho ico. A Bhout from tho bank arrested her. ' Don't go ; it isn't safe for jou; I'll get Iho dog,' said a mnn's voico. And thou she saw a durk-haired ttraugcr, who camo to the spot wh ro she stood, and lauuehed forth on tho uncertain surfuco with as much hardihood as if it had been composed of solid metal iustead of brittlo ice. It gave way beneath his weight immediately; but ho did not seem to care. The water was not deep. Ho waded out to tho dog, wbii h barely kept itself afloat, seized the croaturo by its long hair, and bore it safely to land. There was no danger for a strong raau. He was wet only a little way Hbove the knees, aud he did not seem to miv I a wetting. 41 am so much obliged to you !' cried E!bio as he ueured the bank. ' Thank you, thank you. I ought not to have lot the dog go ou the ice. lam afraid that you are very wot.' ' I don't mind being wet,' said the young man, with his ovo rlvotod strangely on hor face. Elsie looked at him. Ho was not more than four-and-twentv. hut he looked older. He was lean, uudersized, dark, and sallow; his features wero well formed but sharp aud thin; his oyes had a sullou look, eveu when hesmilod, which ho did frequently. There was something vaguely familiar to Elsio in his face; sho stood and sta'rod, forgetting her thanks, for getting her politeness iv tho shock of a suddeu recognition. • Stephou !' she said, scarcoly aliovc her breath. • You must be Stephou Floetwcod.' 'That is my name,' tho young man answered calmly. He Boemed to wait for something more. ' You aro my cousiu,' the girl said, with timid eugcruoss. Shu held out hor baud, but ho refused to tuke it. ' I'm Stephen Fleotwood,' he said curtly, 'but I'm not the cousiu of a girl who gave up her own frends and her own pooplo to go und livo under the roof of her father's—enemy.' He seemed to havo been about to use another word. Elsie's face turned pale. 4Do you mean Sir Raymond ? But—l never heard—that ho was— my father's enemy.' 'That's a lie.' said Stephen abruptly. 'You heard mother Trotter und me apeak of it ofteu enough.' • I was such a little girl then,' said Elsie, shrinking back. ' You were uot very old, but you were old enough to uudorstand. You havo not soon me sime those days, you know, but you soem to romi.'iuhor me well enough. You must remember how Mrs. Trotter aud 1 talked about Sir Raymond, ;iud that I ouce told you that you must hate him to tho cud of your life.' ' Yes.' said* Elsie faintly. This mau with the strange sullen light in hiR pyes seemed able to dominate her oeinpletoly. Sho noticed vaguely us h»« s|>"ki' that his acicut was thatof a. fairly wnll iMliicatfil lima —nut of a gentleman : that his cliitlii's were ni'W unit cli.in, but ronrse; that his bauds wcii' while .*ui:l 6oft. :mdhis wlmlc> personal ;i|>|n':iriii'f iu.lirativo of ciire. lint *ho I'rlt iii"iv tear nt him tliau likiu o '. She roused herself with an >»lYort to niy : 'If you toM me s-'jou must have been very wicked. Bir Raymond is a good man; he ha been very kind to mo. It would bo ungrateful in me to do auythiug but lovo him dearly.' ' Lovo him dearly !' repeated Stephen, his lips curing. ' Lovo dearly your father's' He stopped short and uttered a harsh little laugh, which 'spoke of exeeediug bitterness. 41 do uot oolieve that ho was my father s onoiny,' said Elsio, standing her ground. ' I have uover heard him wiy a word against my fathor. And though there had been somo dispute—l am afraid, Stephen, that roy pjor fathor was iv tho wrong and Sir Rayinona iv tho right. But that does not make him my father's onemy.' ' I did not say your father's enomy; I stopped myself,' said Btepheu grimly. 'I wanted to ■pare your feelings; but I don't tbiuk that there it anything to be gained by doing that. I ought to hive wad—your father* inurdeser.' And then he turned and walked away, whilo Ehie, white^and trerabliug, loaned for support against a willows-stump, aud tried to consider the meaning of thif terrjblp accusation of her earliest friond. v ' • . Chapter IV. *•"•■. • What is the matter with Elsie ?' thought Jack Lawrenco to himself, a day or two after his return home. • Sho is like a ghost, tiud sho seems afraid of me and of ruy father too. I must have this matter cloured up.' He was sitting rather disconsolately on a stilo, from which ho could command a view of sovoral fields and also of Fullor's Pond. Ho had askod Elsie to come for a walk with him, and she had refused. She said that sho had aho v-iiicho. Jack did not.koow what to make of it. Elsie was not like herself. ♦Hallo!' ho ejaculated, springing up with a •tart, and fixing his ©yet on tomo moviug object down by Fuller's Pond. ' Why, there's Elsie herself! I should know horin her pretty rod frock at any distance ! Is she looking for me ? Sho is looking for some one. 111 go and meet her.' And theu Jack suddenly felt his face grow hot, aud his heart give a great throb of paiu »nd shomo. Go and meet her r Ccrtaiuly not. F.lsio had evidently come to Fuller's Pond t > moct somobody else, She icax theft' irilh a young man —a ttmntfci-: they irere talking toijnther—ycs % actually the man was kitting her. Kis ing swet.t littlo Elsie, whom Jack had loved for years! Ho had scarcely known it till now, but now h«> realised that he loved Elaio with all his heart and soul, and that ho had mount to niako her his wife. Aud she was capable of moeiing a lovor in secret down by Fuller's Pond! Jack strode away in a fury, and swore to himself that women wore all a'ike, all faire and bad. Of course, ho thought the testimony of his eyes conclusive. But he was a clear-headed as woll its a warm be irted fellow. He would give Elsio the beuclit of every doubt. She thpuld havo a chauro of justifying herself. He had no opportunity of speaking to her that afternoon, aud at diuuer sbo sent word that Bhe was lying down and bogged not to be disturbed. ' She has had a headaeho all day. poorjchild!'said Mrs. Murray nityiugly. • Sbfl was not ablOvJo raise her h ?ad from tho 'pillow all this aftem&oii;,' Jaolc held his peac . But next morning when Elsie came downstairs, pale-faced aud heav^-eyed; ho met hor in a. littlo room which she used as a studio—for sho had a great talnut for painting aud spent much time at her oasol—and there, despite hor look of frightened protest, he closod the door behind lrm and turned the key. 4 Forgive mo, Elsie,' he said, ' but I must bavo two minutes' private conversation with you. I waut to tell you..that I was iv tho Holds near Fullor's Pond yesterday afternoon.' • Oh, you need say no irtojo ." sho cried. 'I know—l know—what you mean.' • Elsie, can't you toll mo—cau't you explain .-" •No, Jack.' 'There must bo some mistake,' said' Jack sorrowfully. ' I can't believe it; I can't believe that you would decoivo us after nil those years, that you would meet a mau in secret because you dared not, for somo reason, invite him openly to tho house—oh, I can't believe i,! Thoro must be some explanation. Elsie, dear Elsie, can't jou confide in me 'i Can I not help you V • No, Jack,' she said again, but this timo sho said it very sadly, aud hid her faco iv hor hands when sho had spoken. Jack sat down beside her and tried to take her hand. • Elsie,' he said, 4 you love this man that you met yesterday; why shouldn't you tell me so?' It was a heroic effort. Aud it brought an unexpected answer from tho girl's lips. ' Love him!' sho cried, flinging wido hor hands and showing her face ghastly pale, with dilating eyes and quivering passionate lips. ' Lovo him! I hate him—hato him— hate liim, from tho very bottom of my henrt.' 4 Then, Elsio; my darling, why did you moot him there r' Jack'B arm was tipuud her waist by this timo ; it woraed to him as if no power on earth could make it wrong to place it there. 'Oh. Jack, I can't tell you,' she taid, but sho reßted her heal on his shouldors, au«l cried more quietly. • Oughtn't you to tell mo everything, dear V— the mau that lovrs you far bolter than anybody in tho world ! Elsio, I havo always loved you, sinco you wore a child. I love you more deeply than over now, and I can't help thinking that you lovo mo—a little —too.' • Yos, Jack,' sho said simply, ns if sho wore tho child that sho had boon whon'he loved hor flist. • Well enough to be my wifo somo day; darlingr' She starter! aud tried to frco herself from his encircling arm. 'Oh, Jack,' sho said pitifully euoiiffh, ' I can't bo your wife.' ' Why uot. if you love mo, dear":' ' But, I—l—did uot «ay that I lovod you well enough—for that.' Jack looseued his arm at once. Elsie's face had turned white: her eyes were fixed upon the floor. Jack looked at her earnestly for a miuuto or two aud in silence. 'Is that true, Elsie !*' ho said at last in a tono of the deepest feeling. * Could you not lovo mo well enough for that ? What is it that has como between us 'i This mau that I saw you with at Fuller's Pond, ho has something to do with this chauco of yours—for it is aohaiiue; vim are not liko tho Elsie that I used to know. Tell mo.dear, has ho anything to do with it: 'Yes,' sho answered. Her faco was as white as though death had sot its s»al upon her lips. Jack paused. ' I will distress you with no more questions,' he said gravely. ' but I must ask you. Elsie, not to meet this man—any man — in sflcret ngaiii. Let him enmo tn t\w hnii-e if ho wants you, ami ask my father bravely i»v your hand.' ' Your father!" exclaimed the <:irl. sinl.lonly wrought to a frenzy of fear, grief, ami pain, which brought \v<nils t-• !■• r lip* whi.-h she lm<l nuvrr irmuut to utter. 'Uh.no. uo! They must never meet! Keep thpm npart for <i»j sake, Ja<:k, or all that I (■ m do will be m vain.' And then, to Jack's alarm and surprise, Elsie fell back faintiug in hor chair. CIIAITKK V. ' I should know tho fellow again if I met him,' said Jack to himself. He went out about dusk that aftcruoon and sauntered down to Fuller's Pond, half hoping to meet the man that Elsie had met tho night before. Jack hal a good memory for faces. He meant to accost that man and give him a piece of his mind. But Fuller's Poud was deserted, and the half frozou meadows round it were empty and desolate. Jack turned homewards by a "some what circuitous route, meaning to walk through Edgcfield aud come back to tho hall by way of the lane. Ho thought that ho might see the stranger iv the village He had nothing to do, and was not disposed for any active employment; indeed he was too miserable for anything but idle loitering. Elsie was iv her room, uudor Mrs. Murray's watchful care ; and Sir Raymond had been ailing of late aud was not able for much conversation or exertion of any sort. Jack had no f riond at hand to whom he could turn for the com fort to be fouu i iv dittcusrion of the situation. He was thoroughly derrossed. He passed down tho straggling street of Edre field without soeiug any sign of the man he sought But when he camo to a cottage that stood alone, a cottago on tho vory outskirts of the hamlet, in a garden by itself—there he stoppod short with a start. For at that cottage door stood the man of whom ho was in search. And Jack—with his good memory for faces—juddouly recognised him as Stephen Fleetweod, Elsie's cousin, tho ne'or- do wool lad who had niystcriorsly disappeared from the village with Mrs. Trotter ten years ago. And ho wa» now standing at the door of the little house which Jack had never entered since the day on which he rescue! Elsie from a cruel woman's hands. It camo across his mind now that he might have to resoue her also from the haud of a cruel man. He pushed open tho gate and walked up tho garden path. Stephen Fleetwood faosd him at the door. ' I haven't the pleasure of knowing you,' he said, as Jack approached, iv a stolid tone. He was smoking, aud tie did not remove his pipo. 4 But I know you,' said Jack sharply. ' You're Stephen Floetwbod.' Tho sallow-faced dark-eyod man raised one eyebrow aud glaucod at him suspiciously, then set his lips. *So you know mo, do you ?' ho said, patting down his pipe. ' I thought she couldn't keep her own counsel long. Come in, sir. I suppose you want a word with me.' * Two or thrco words,' said Jack, perceiving that Fleetwood suspected Elsie of having betrayed him, and rosolved to impress that suspiciou on his mind. Ho followod tho man into the kitchen, and stood by tho deal table, which was now placed in the middle of the room, while Stephen closed the door. Jack noticed that there was a look of triumnh on tho man's dark fa?o. ' You're Mr. Lawrence, I suppose' Stophou Fleetwood said. ' Well, sir 'i What have you to say to me /' 41 have como to know what you mean by try ing to gain an evil asceadonc/ over the mind of a young girl who has the misfortune to b? your cousin,' said Jack, dotermined to got to tho point at once. ' Evil! How do you know it to be evil 'f And why is it a misfortune that I am her cousin? I call it a piece of goo:l fortune for her. But for ray being her cousiu uho would have no chanco of getting her wrongs and her father's- wrongs righted.' 4 Her wrongs ! What do you moan ? She has had every comfort that wo could giro her during the last ten yean.' 4 Oh, yes. she has been well bribed,' saidFloet wood scornfully. * Bribed! You aro insulting my fathor and mysolf!' A comtemptuous langh broke from Flcetwood's. lips. ' Your father! As if he could be insulted! Yourfa'lnr! Good Lord ! tho lo: a you say about your father the bettor!' He had not counted on Jack's quickness of temper. Tho young fellow had sprung upon him aud brought him to tho ground, then shook him as a terrior shakes a rat. 'Sivvoubog myfathor's par'on, aud mine,' Raid Jack imperiously, 'or I'll shake yoi to a jelly.' 'What!' said Flretwood, looking up into his faco with his ha?gard dark oyos, and spoaking with difficulty, because Jack's fingers were be tween his collur and his throat, ' like father, like sou! Do you waut to kill me too: Tho iusinuatiou was so cloar, so terrible, that Jack involuutnrily let go his hold and staggered backwards. Flootwood lost no time in getting on his feet. Once freo, his hands flew to his coat pocket. He produced a rovolvor, laid it on tho tablo boforo him, aud lookod at Jack. 4 Attack mo a<jain,' ho mU], 4 and I shall firo.' * You misorablo hound." exclaimed Jack, who had I>y this t:mo almost lostcoutrol over his wrath, ♦ vmi aro not worth touching by an honest num. No wonder your rousin says that sho hates you— hates you with all hor heart and soul.' His words produced a remarkable effect. Fleotwool's frtc- grew lividly pa'e: the haud with which he hold the rovolvor tromhio 1. ' She novor sai 1 that,' ho muttered, with his eyes on Jack's faco. 4 Sho did, in lood. She hatos aud dospisos you.' By this tiiuo Floetwoxl h.id rocovered himsolf. A straugo smil<> flickered in his eyes. ' Sho may hiito and despise me, as you say,' he answered slowly; ' but for all that she has pro inisod to lake me as her husband aud to be a faithful and even a loving wife.' 4 Then,' said Jack, with fierceness. *you aro a ruffian aud a blackguard indeed: for you kuow as woll as I do that sho loathes the vory sight of you.' * Did sho soud you to tell me this ?' 'No.' 4 Butsho said that she hated me ':' 4 Yes,' answered Jack with a strange pang of fear for Elsie's snko, as ho said the word. FloctwooJ utternd a harsh lau^h. 4 Sho shall he punished for th.it." ho said, looking Jack straight in th" face. ' You saw her punished once whon she was a child, in this vory room: you shall boo her punished agaiu—but iv a ditVorcnt way. Oh, yes, of course iv a difforont way. I've <rot Mr*. Trotter for mv housokcoper mw, for I've been doinw woll in the world, aud can havo Rcrvauta of my owu ; and when Elsie is my wife, <>f cour.si!, I shall not let Trottor touch her. But I shall punish her uouo tho loss for her treachery to me.' 4 Treachory to you ! What treachery is there in saying that she hates you V 'A \vom:in should not .«ay that she hates the rum she is going to many,' s.iid r'li'etwnod with his malicious sinil<>. 'Keep up your heart, sir; it is you that hiive put mo iv pn-sos-ioii of this precious piive of information ; ;itid yon sh:ill havo your reward. An<l sho, too. Ami now, as it's growiug dark, don't you think that you'd better be getting home • —home to my promised wife, remember, and to your father, your good, vir tuous, respected father!' 'If you don't hold your tongue, I'll throw you out of the window,' Jack gasped, bro ithless with rage. 4 And in that case,' said Fleetwood, 41 should fool temptod—strongly tempted -to put a little leaden bullot through your braiu. But I won't do that; no, wove had enough of mnrdvr between our families, haven't wo, my fino youug gentleman ? We'll have no more!' Ho turned and went into the inner room, leaving Jack alone iv the dimly-lighted kitchen. Silent and bewildered, Jack mado his way once more inti the open air. He deliberated within himself whither ho ought or ought not to go to his f.ither wi'h tho talo of Stephen Flcetwood's strange ways and wordB. But ho shrunk, in some inexplicable manner, from ovon repeating the mysforious hints that tho man had given. What did they actually mean ? He must find that out fiisf. Did Floctwood think (Jack askod himself) that Elsie's father hod come to h's end by foul pay ? And did he fancy tba f. Sir Raymond, the proud up right gentleman, knowu aud respected through all the countryside, had had a hand iv it ? Jack turned sick with horror and indignation at the thought. But what cUe was the meaning of the man's words ? And how had he got this notion into his miserable head ? Hft put off speaking to his fathor until Sir Raymond should bo better—ho had bsen suffer ing a good doal for tho last few days; he said to himsolf that he would speak to EUio first. He waited a day or two, duiiug which timo Elsie? shut herself up in her room and denied herself to everybody. In answer to nn urgent note from Jack, she replied by four words on a sheet of paper font inside a sealed ouvelope : 4 Wait until Christmas Evo.' But for what w.is he to wait 'i It was ouly one day more. Devoir jd by anxiety, by doubt, by pain of every kiud. Jack put the note in his pocket and waited for the morrow. Chaptkb VI. It was to be a white Christmas apparently. Thn snow camo down in tho nipht, softly, silently, heavily. On the morning bufoto Christ mas Day a white carpet had been spread over tho world. * There was jubilation in the hearts of the Edgeftcld villagers; for they were one and all invited up to Ed<*orield Hall to hive supper iv tho great hall, which would be decked with nolly and mistletoe, and beautiful to behold. Also, thcro Would be a band of mucicians in the gallery at one end of the hall, to discourse sweet music to the guests. Every man and woman in Edgefield was invited to this annuil supper; but no children—the children all came on Boxiug Day. And half the pleasure of tho visitors consisted in seeing Elsie Fleotwood—one of themselves, as it were, yet grown bo lovely, so fascinating, so thoroughly k'nd and good. Thero was no jealousy of her good fortune felt in the village- Her gaiety, her charm of manner, and her toudernojß of heart had mado everyon? her friend. At tho Hall everything was in a state of pre paration for the great supper. The sorvauts were up early, working with a will to get the room ready, und to deck it beautifully; nnd it was felt to be a real misfortuue when the news passed from mouth to mouth that Miss Elsie must be ill; she hadn't been down that morning, and ahe hod said that fthe did not wish to bo disturbed until 10 o'clock. They did not know how to get on without her—what to do about the decoratious; it would be a poor Christmas if Elsie were not among them with her sunny smile. And, iv the midst of all this busy chatter, in rushel a frightenod maid-siryant with a scaled letter in her hand. ' Miss Elsie's gone away, her bed* not been slept in, and she's loft a letter for Mr. Jack on her dressing-table,' she gaspad out. Yes, it was true. Elsie had left the houso for what purpose nobody could imagine. The house keoper took the sealed letter to Mrs. Murray, and she, woepiug. fearing, yet not during to delay, gave it at once to Tack. ' I can only ask you to forgive me,' Eisio had written. ' and not to believe that I have had a bad motive in leaving Edgcllold Hall. You havo all been most kind to me— nil. But I havo pro misod to mnrry my cous n, Stephen Fleotwood, and I shall never come back to see you any move. Don't try to seek me out. Thcro is a barrier !»-• tweon U4 that nothing can remove When you read this I shall be Stephen's wife.' It was with this letter in his hand that Jack went at last to his father's study and asked what this mystery meant. Sir Raymond had aged greatly in the last few years. He looked like an old man as ho listened to hi < sou's story, andlikeamanmuch tried by sorrow. His gray hatr, his furrowed fa^e, his hollow oyes, and saddened mouth, all spoke of hoavy care. Aud yet, its people of teu said, what caro could he have:1 What anxioty? What hidden griof: Save for t*>o loss of his young wife, ho wai more fortunate than any man in tho co'inty; fortunate in his son, in his wealth, iv his homo : fortuuato in tho possession also of an unstainod name. Jack was shocked to sec tho change that came over that pravo, melancholy, miieh-loved faw whon ho told his story and put Elsie's letter in H-t father's hand. Sir Raymond read the note, then pushed it away, and hid his worn fnco in his hands. ' Oh, my God, my God !' Jack heard him murmur. 'Is it thus that lamto be punished for such au unwilling sin'r' • Youkuow how I loved hor, father,' Jack went on, not composed enough to ask himsolf exactly what Sir Raymond meant. ' I know that you would not object. She has beou like v daughter to you, and I can't erivo her up. To that mau, too ! It will break my ho:irt to lose her iv that way.' •My poor boy,' groaned Sir Raymond. •I f enr thnt it is useless to talk in that wny. It is too late.' ' Cin't anything bo done: said Jack, starting up aud pacing tho ro'tin with quick uneven strirlrs. * I have sent in all diroctioun-already; nobndvhnp seen hor; nobody knows what hns become of hor. I v ill go dowu to Fleetwood's cottiigo mysolf.' Ho could not help noticing that tho uanio gave his father a perceptible shock. '(to,'said Sir Raymond fniutly, 'go—if you chooso ; but you will not find him thero< Look ut the clock. It is nearly I' 2; ;is she tells you in hor letter, she will be his wit'o by this time. Oh, my poor Elsin, why could you not have trusted me r Jack, why did you not uomo to mo l)cforo':' ' Could you have douo anything, sir: asked Jack bitterly. But he was again startle Iby his father's reply. ' I think I could have stopped that marringo, Jnrk, if you had consented—as I think you would have consented in such :t. en.«o —to make; a sacrifice —n great sacrifice.' c I would linvo sacrificed anything.' said Ja<-k, ♦tn s^avo niy Kl-ic from th:itiii:iu. What was the sacrifice, father: But Sir Raymond only shook his hsad aud droppad his face between his hands. Not even to his sou could he bear to tell th'? truth j u>t yet. Jack did not waut to hear. He wus oit of the house directly, se;irching. scudiug ines:-e!i^ers in every direction. Married or single, Elsie must he found. Out search .seemed till in vain. ' Conic hick to the house at dusk,' Sir Raymond had said to him us ho left tho study. ' I have a fancy wo shall hear of th«j:n ;it dusk. You must be horc. 1 And, though Jack wondered at his father's odd faucy, he promised that, if possible, ho would bo thrre. Sir Raymond was right. In tho dusk of that Christmis Evo, at Ilie very hour when Roger Fleetwoo I bad como by his death in Edgetield lnue. Elsio stole into his study and threw heraolf weeping at his foot. * Oh, forgivo mo, forgive mo I' sho cried. 4 Indeed, it was all for your pake. Do not bo augvy with me. I stall always lotj you— always, to the last day of my life.' Sir Raymond looked at her, and touched her bowed held with his trcrabliug baud. Jaok, whom Elsie had not seeu as he atnod in the shadows of the ill-lighted room, wai conscious only of her sobs, and of a strange agitation in his father's manner. 'My child—my child,' siid the old man in a feeblu voice, ' what does this mean ? How have you done it for our sakes.' ' I cannot tell you: I can explain nothing,' sho sobbed. ' I can only beg you to forjrive mo.' * Does he—Stephen—know that you have como ?' * YrB—yes: I entreated him to let mo come, and he consented at last. It is for the last time. I shall never see you again. Forgivo me—forgive me—a-idlet me go.' 4 Forgivo you :' rc-2choed S'r Raymond un steadily. ' Forgive you for an act of heroism and self- sacriflco V Oh, my child, lam not worthy of the price that you have paid f< r mo. It is for my cowarvlice—to shield me—that you havo done this thing. But I swear to God that I will bide the truth no longer. I ciunot save you now, child, but I would have done so if I hud known in time.' ' Your resolution comes late,' Faid a strange voice. And Stephen Fleetwood stoppod bo'dlv through the door, which Elsie had left unlatched. ' I shall take caro that the truth is known ; you may depend on that.' El«ie sprang to her feet and faced him with wild eyes and open lips. 4 You promised !' Rho said. 4 You swore to me, Stephen Fleetwood. that if I married you you would keep silence. 1 41 promised and I swore, as you say.' he re turned. ' But I had not the slightest intention of keeping my promise or my oath. I meant to rnako you my wife, whether you liked or not; and we were married by special license this moru ing. I came with the license in my pocket. I knew that I should succeed. But promises aro slight things. I let you como here to-uisrht becuuso I had in you the means of iuilicting punishment.' ' I do not know how you gained admission to my house ' said Sir Raymond, rising from his chair. His faro betnyed agitation, but his voice was Hrm. * Your presence, however, is iuopi>or tuup, and I must request you to withdraw.' 41 will withdraw,' returned Stephen insoleutly, 4 when I have said what I have to say. I accuse you of tho murder of Roger Fleetwood, Elsie Fleetwood's father, on Christmas Eve, at this very hour, ten years ago.' Elsie uttered an agonised cry. and fell on her knees as if to entreat him to be sileut. Jack, with a stern white faco, advanced as if to thrust out tho intruder from tho room, but Sir Raymond heli bis hand. 480 calm, Jack,' ho said. 'Let us have the . truth out at list. What proof have you to offer in support of your accusation, Stephen Fleet wood':' Stephen, before nnsworing, deliberately struck a mntch and lighted the gas in the chandelier that hung abovo his heal. Then he surveyed the croup before him with triumphant deliberation. Jack was standing boside his father's eh iir, with his hand on Sir Raymond's arm ; his face was white nnd shocked. Elsie, still kueeling, had drawn herself away from Fleotwood.and crouched near Sir Raymond, as if claiming tho protection of tho very mau who was accuse:! of b )iug her father's murderpr. Sir Raymond was the calmest of the three. Stophon surveyed them with n roii terap'uous smile, and them produ"od from his pocket a small object which ho held out in the palm of his hand towards Sir Raymond. 4 Do you recognise this ?' he eaid. It was a gold sleove-link, on which Sir Ray mond's initials were engraved. 4 What if I dor' Sir Raymond asked calmly. Ho knew very well that he had its fellow in a box upstairs. 4This link,' said Stephen, 'wus pic.kod up in the ro;ui beside tho lmdy of Ilojror Flootwood soon after his denth. It was dropped by the man who murdered R-igcr Fleetwood.' 4 You cau hardly provo that,' sai 1 tho baronet quint.ly. 4 Perh:inn nit But I was thero at the meadow trato in Edgetiold-lane. I cau prove the murder. I snw you strike Roger Fleetwood down.' Elsib caught her breath and cowered down, hiding hor face. Sir Raymond rose to his feet. 'Then you saw,' he said stonily, 'a dastardly attempt made by Flootwood to murder me in re - vengo for my dismissal and prosecution of him for dishonesty. Ho uttackod mo with a heavy c'idgel when I was off my gun id. And —I will avow tho truth now to nil the world—l struck him in return, and ho fell to the earth dead. I have grieved for his fate ; I have cherifihnd his daughter as if she woro my own; and I have hitherto refused to sully my name by self-accusa tion which socmi'd to mn both futile and unneces sary. God knows that I sorrowed deeply for tho blow which took Roger Flontwood's life. But it was stru'ksimply in sclf-dofeneo ; and I defy any man to rail mo w>nrl/f/ a murdorer.' 'Toll that t> tho jury,'said Stcphon with a coarse sn per. ' And was it to savo mo from this, my poor chil-I,' Mii 1 Sir Raymond, turning pitifully to Elsio. ' that you HiuriHoed yourself r' 'Hn promised,' snid Elsie, 'ho promised mo thnt ho would kcop sileuce if 1 would marry him. It was to save you that I consented. For though you did—did—striko my father, it was to save yourself: but Stephnn never told mo Unit. He made me think that you had douo it purposely. And now—now I am—his wife, (tod help me ! what shall I do r' She stood un amonest them, whito and trem bliujr. a lovely image of despair. Even Jack and Sir Raymond, deeply feeling their own sorrow and possible disgrace, ns thpy were, could not but forjjot thi'ir own trouble iti sympathy for her*. Jnrii was tho first to speak. Ho held out his hand, as a brother might havo hold it to it sister in ilistrnso. « You liplnns to us still.' ho paid. ' You lovo us all in spih'. of our inisfortunp. This man has no claim up"ii you. Stay with us, Elsio: bn cim do us no harm now, aud'you cannot stay with him.' •Xo, I c.innnt .'t'y with him,' siid Elsie, lift ing licr head and looking at her husband with pusMounte disgust mid scorn. 'He knows as Well as you do how I h.i'e and loathe him, how uever for v moment would I havo consented to marry him if it bal not bjcn iv the hope of Bivinjr you. For I owo all to you—everything in tho world. I cannot help lovin? you. And if it would have wived yon I would Imve gone to the cuds of the world with him. But now—now—ho himself has set me free.' Stephen Flcetwood uttered a curious sound, something between a howl and a (ry, aud sprang f»-wnrd to hor side. ' I h.aro not sot you free,' he said. 'I wanted to punish you for daring to say to thut fine (joutloman yondor thut you hated mo"—some thing seemed here to oiteh his breath—'nud I have-I have—punisbc I you ; aud I will punish Sir Rnymond Lnwrenco. too.' Ho drow his breath heavily, and they noticed that his lips hud assumed a curiously livid hue. 'It is what Roger my uncle —always said : the rich against tho poor; tho ereat against the small. I'll bii-ig down the pride of one of the rich men now. I'll bring down your pride, my lady. I'll punish you all. I'll' , . v Suddenly, aud without a moment's warning, he ceased to speak, threw up his arms, and fell»aok. wards to the ground. A little froth oozed to his lips: a convulsion seemed to seize all his limbs, then they lay still. In spite of their abhorrence of the man, the three persons present rushed to his aid. But there was no aid to be given. Iv tho midst of hit furious rienunciations and threats of vengeance, Stephen Flwtwooi hud fallen do id. The wife whom he had won by froui would ntvor more be his: the man whom he had wished to bring to iuotico might, for him, go free. God's hand bad stricken him. and he was mute. As the watchers of hi« death agony stood and looked at one another in horror and amaze there arose from the darkening air outside the house the- sound of country voices, and well-known word*— God rest you, merry gentian n! Lot nothing you dbnur, For Jemn Christ our Saviour Was born on Chri»tmaa Day. It was the village choir ossombling to fiinjr be fore the great village supper on Christmas Evr. Quaiut as the words were, they did not seem to form an unflt ending for the .tragic scene which had taken place. Aud, as the singer* chanted their Christmas hymn, Jack drew Elsie to his breast, and Sir Raymond breathed a blesVng over his son and—for she would never say him na y—over the dear and dutiful daughter who would one day be Jack's wife. But the world never knew the whole truth of the story thut had its ending iv Sir Raymond's study on Christmas Eve. The whole truth was buried in Stephen Flestwood'a gra-yo. And if. to Elsio and her husband, and to Sir Raymond himself, dark memories still lingir when Chiiitmns Eve comes round, thece throe, uuitod in a bond which neither giinf nor suffering can destr >y, learn as tho years roll on to put their own sorrowful thoughts aside, and t<> inuko that day a time of happiness to others, finding it, in consequeuco of their cudoavo'irs, a time of bappw ness ulfo to themselves. For hearts liko theirs never fail to gra^p ull tho brightness aud beauty of a happy Christintis-tido. 