: PEOPM PRIDE. BY B. M. CEOKEE. CHAPTER XII. 'THE . NE1LG1IEKRIES.' Our hero went to the Neilgherry Hills for tho. remainder of his t\vo; months' leave. It is quite beyond my, pen to describe that lovely region, but .in! common ..with almost nil who Lave ever been there I have1 an admiration amounting to u passion for tho Blue Hills. 1 declare them to .be1 the -most salubrious; de lightful, beautiful range in the whole world. If I were to attempt a detailed description . cf these most favoured hills, I should fall -so far short of .their perfections thai; I should, only incur the wrath and contempt of their many, devoted admirers, so I shall content myself by merely, giving- a description of Sir Reginald's journey up the Ghaut. ' He arrived at the foot of the hills early one morning, having spent a night' of heat, mos. qui.toos, und . consequent madness at Mettu ipoilium. He rode up. by the old road, which is nine miles to Oooner, in preference, to driy. ing up the new ghaut, n detour of sixteen miles. His thoughts wero exceedingly pleasant, and he whistled, uninterruptedly for th p. first two miles ; but after a while the beautiful scenery he was passing through engaged his attention entirely, and more than once, he stopped his horse and looked about in amazed admiration. ' Oh, if Alice could only see it! If she were here, what ecstasies she would be in ! ' was his frequent thought. Aa he.journeyed stead ily upj the close tropical vegetation was gradu ally left behind, the trees assumed a more European aspect, the. air lost its thisk steamy reel, and became every instant more rarened and ? pure. , The path, appeared, to wind in 'and out through mountain-sides clothed with trees and foliage .of every description ?;. a , : foaming river was tearing headlong down a wide rocky channel and taking frantic leaps over all im-' pediments. The scenery was splendid.. In spite of hunger and fatigue, Sir Reginald, felt as if he could gize and gaze for hours, and yet that,. his eyes would scarcely be satisfied-; 'Wild roses and wild geraniums abounded on all 'sides ; enormous bunches ,:. of heliotrope were growing between the stones ; lovely' flowering creepers connected the trees, and as: to the ferns — . { . :??'.'... The graves of several engineers who had died when this old ghaut was being made were ipassed — poor lonely graves! -and j^et, could those laid in them, sojnany thousands of miles away from -their,, native land,; desire, to. - bo buried in a more beautiful spot ? i At one |s'ide| towered the 'Drqog,' crowned by Tippoo's old fortress. The ' Droog,' itself,' a bold, beetling hill 'facing sputh,;,and^most.pre ? cipitous, seemed to* stand as sentry to this r garden . of : India. From the top of ; lit ;- you could look sheer.dowri into the plains.; It was on the' opposite side of the 'river : to! ; the old ghaut, and a long day's outing; from O66hoi\ On its summit were the grey broken walls of the fort, very old and dismantled, and from which they say that Tippoo, when in an angry mood, used to' toss his' unhappy prisoners down to the plains below. There it was that the Mahrattas made their last stand- against the British; and as 'they brought an__ enormous amount of treasure up from their strongholds . in the plains, which treasure has never; been recovered, the 'Droog' is considered a highly interesting place for more reasons than one. It is 'said that all the gold and jewels were ' thrown down a well somewhere just beyond the fort.walls. \ ,One yeryvold man was supposed to know of its whereabouts, but he would never divulge the secret, 'as he ¥aid ,the'. spot .was guarded by, ghosts—devils, he called them— of many'Maii'atta warriors, and be was afraid torincur'th'eir displeasure. - ' ' v ?' -?-?' ? Sir Reginald arrived in due time at Coonor, and p\ut up sat an hotel, before tho windows of which- there was a hedge of heliotrope cut like box afhome,A arid 'so.high and so dense that ' rypu'cdiild ride at one side of lit, (ind/sonVedne else at the other, without either being aware ' of 'their mutual proximity, tt was , one mass of flowers, and smelt like ten thousand cherry pies): and was one of the sights gf the' Neil gherries. Sir Reginald relaxed somewhat as regarded society, .made friends with the.-tothe'rj inmates of the hotel, and pined in picnics to' the : most celebrated, views. : .He .was ; well known on the Toda Mund as one of the -best' . andi-nibst dnveterate ,of : tennis-playei^rancl' carried ofi the first prize. in a tournament which took place during. his stay. .,, ,..p .... ,; ;. Touching the Toda. Mund, there were no Todaa there then; they had 'long removed themselves, with their bjack ringlets and sheet clothing, to a more remote region ; but-years : previously the present la* wn- tennis [ ' ground !had been' the tioiiie of 'generations :pf, these extraordinary. people. ;, ,;i.|' .. i Sir Reginald returned I to bis regiment much ' the bettfer for 'his trip, 'and received ther con-' gratulationsVf his 'friends on Ins improved ajj-. pearaiice, ?and'kisb ;6n't|ie discovery he :had :.' made at 'Oneetappre ;'as what' had 'been the talk otall that station naturally came to the ' eaLi-s; df;hisr:brother'ofllcers, land -they 'boldly ? conversed. of. him and his: wife as if they hacl known' all along that he was a married man. The individual who hadbeen so contemptuously scouted when ho had- 'declared that Fairfax was a Benedict now;fduhd himself looked upon as a man of unusual penetration — in short, a second Daniel ! and fora time his opinion's ! Iweie quoted at leastiten per cent, above their usual regimental value. & for Fairfax himself, a chnngo had1 cor tainly come over the spirit of his dream. ' He was an altered man; no more headlong soli tary rides, no more moping in his own quart ers. Attired in faultless garb of undoubted 'Eui-opcs' origin, ho was led, like a lamb, to mako a scries of calls among tho chief nota bilities of the placo. ' Better late than never !' they mentally exclaimed , when his card was' handed in, and being 'assured that ' Missus could see,' tho hero of the hour fol lowed. : His history was now as woll known as if -it 'had been 'published in The Pioneer, and the ladies of Camelabad overwhelmed him with sympathy and condolonce,- which he accepted with the best grace he could muster ; but he shrank from- speaking of his wife,; save in the .most distant: and general .terms,:; and it was easy to sue that the, mock certificate was' a very sore, distasteful, subject. ,.. _,., .. ??[ „,,; ;j, ;;.;-;; As each succeeding mail came in he said to himself, 'Surely this will bring a letter -from Alice?' - How. ho looked forward to mail-days no one knew i but himself; how buoyant were his spirits every Saturday morning, how de pressed tho same evening when, tossing over the new,ly-a'mved letters) on: the f ahte-room table, he\vouid''fi'nd one from Mark Mayhew, ; one from his agent, and perhaps one from his tailor, but not a line'from his wife. He heard from tho May hows' that Alice had received and acknowledged his confessions ;. and Marki Helen, and ? Geoffrey -each; sent^him ;ajj long letter full of indignation and congratulation. The burden of each of these epistles was the same, although' eouched^iri very different style and language ; it is 'Come home.' When ever his wife endorsed their: wishes, he : would leave Bombay 'by the following mail! This was what he told himself over and over again. Two months elapsed and no letter came — not; a line, not even a message. After making al lowances for'.eyory conceivable' delay,f,he ?grad- ually and reluctantly relinquished all Hopes' of the ardently-desired missive, and came to the conclusion that nothing now remained for him to think but that she wished their separation to be life-long. . , ; ? . ? ,. i One evening he 'mounted hisvhorse and gal-, loped out alone to one of his former favorite, haunts, an old half-ruined' temple, about sixj miles ; from , the. cantonment., Here he .dis-i mourited^arid' tied his Arab' to a 'tree,' rsayirigj to himself as he ascended, the steps, .. ' there is noTear^of a'iiy 'iiUerrup'tioir here', J and I will j make up my mind to some definite plan before; iVetur'iVto OaVnelabad this evening.' ' A's iie; paced. up and down the, empty echoing ruin,: he 'tried to judge' b!et ween Alice and 'himself ds! calmly and dispassionately as if he were, a: 'ffiird- person! : His 'own. motives and 'actions were easily .explained, but Alice's were not so re'adiy' iin'deVstoodl What could be' 'the' niean-' ing of this extraordinary conduct 1 His name5 Tiad-beeW-'cleared/iand-she, 'who' 'shonld' ??never! have doubted him, and who, at any rate, ought; to be the first to corner forward, ; had 'been dumb. There was but one reasonable solution.; ' She did not' Know' her' own mind when she was married ; she never- cared two straws about me, aiid-she seizes *the; first pretext to free herself from a/distasteful union. So be it; she shall-. 'be free,'1 he muttei-e'd. 'I ;willihold myself iiitterly- aloof from'!heri;for.-.the future, I shall. go: home; and live atLpoton' and sur round myself with: friends— shoot, .hunt, and lead as gay a bach filor life as if I. had no wife in 'existence. ' ' Wliy 'should ' !I expatriate my. 'self for !her sake. 1 'lie asked' himself aloud. 'Buton second thoughts; this scheme did not prove, so, , alluring.^ At Looton, ,, every room, every walk, every face would only remind him of Alice. . ' I could not stand it just.yet,' he mutteredJ 'it is all too fresh, too recent; one does not get ioyet-a thing Hke,that so soon^. - In a'year or two, when I am tnqroiighly hardened rVaud indiflerent, I,: will go ; meanwhile I shall re main iii the!.Service.' . \ , '. ?''.,', '?' Tlie duties' of his profession'had their charms for liim; anclf'the' society-. of his brother officers was.he reflected, more welcome and more neces sary to him now than ever. AVeak he had always been' where Alice was concerned, but for once he would be firm and be a man, and no longer. fanriiifatVated'.'fbol, . following the ignis fatns of a woman's capriee. :'iAshe:sto6d/ on the step's-of the temple, watching thejerimspn sun. that;was slowly sink ing ;beyond| the. ^horizon and tinting the arid plains, the distant lulls, the old temple, and Re8iiiaid.himself,l!witli)'th|e gorgeous hues of its ! 'departing 'sple'ridotir, ' ' Th'atfsun,' he ex claimed, as he watched thelast little red streak utterly disappear, ' has set on my folly and weakness; to-morrow win nna me, w. i»'= io spect atileast, a different man._ For the future I will endeavouV to forget tlia't -I- ever had a wife. I know it will be no easy matter to banish her from my tlioughts, but I shall do my best. t As '.a ..wife she.is dead to me in all buV name'; 'her' indifference shall be -only rivalled by mine.' Query: Was he not atill thinking of lier'a's he'sat-Tor l fully ' an ' hour, ?with ;his head-resting: in his .hands? He was endeayouring to dig the grayfljof.his love, and to bury decently all the unfulfilled hopes he had cherished'' for 'so 'long.' ' Tlie' moon arose, owls and bats..made..their.. appearance and flitted to and fro, apparently unconscious of the j'silbrit I figure' on ;the ; temple steps'. '..) ?kb length the pawing and 'neighing of ;his; horso aroused him. He'started up:; hastily .opulled himself morally together, and hurried down to the impatient steed, whorii he urifastehed and mounted, itud in ^another moment was gallop ing, ii way over.' tliii- moonlit luidun, leaving the old temple to the undisturbed possession of a veteran hyenaand a.family.pf^ackald. The Sovcntccuth'HusSais had expected, as a sequel to his discovery nt Cheetaporo, that Sir Reginald would haWreturned to his an cestral halls as fast as steam could take him. .;'But'm6hthraf;er m'onth- went . by, arid ?- he still ro'mained1 a fixture at- Camelabad.'- He carried outrhis'menfal resolution to the 'letter, and left himself no leisure to think of Alice or anyone else. Ho returned' with i the greatest energy to nil his bachelor amusements, kept a string of racers, hunted, tho regimental pack,' and made constant shooting ,, expeditions. Ho played whist till tho small hours, and entered into everything witli the, greatest zeal ; wont to tho entertainments in the station, and was voted ' charming ' by the ladies, both young and old. z Notwithstanding his bachelor pursuits,' he'developed a curious and Benedict-like feeling! for babies — a species of humanity that ho had hitherto held in abhorrence. He-cast 'more than one inquisitive glance on the smaller fry in arms as he.went round tho married quarters. And Mrs. GifFord, the wife of the only mar ried captain in the Seventeenth, was anuized when her ayah informed her 'that ' Sir Fa:rfax'- had more than once taken notice of her baby, ' asking age, asking boy or ': girl, ? how ' soo'ri walking?' It was most flattering, if a little niysteriouSjVaud'he' became 'a greater favourite thar*. ever witli Mrs. \; Giffbrd. She i; was not awafVina't' her boy shone with a 'Kirrbw'ed lustre in Sir Reginald's eyes for being almost the same age as iiis sonjaKd tHatfthe i toys and presents which were showered on him as he grew older were. nbtf bestowed altogether for his own; sake. / 'i ;}['???..{ \ i ;. '. A year after his visit to Cheetapore, Sir Reginald received j a.; letter... in [Alice's -well- known writing. ' It has come at last,' he saidjto himself,:as. with ..trembling -hands, he tore it open in his own bungalow. He drew out tho photo of a sturdy diirk-eyed' cherub)' enclosed in a sheet .of blank letter-paper. At first he could ;hardly credit ,His.;, sensed ;;. his indignation and his bitter disappo:ntment were too great for '.words. ? His'first impulse, wiisr to tear the photo into four pieces, but. mastering this rather insane idea, he took it lip'and looked at it closely instead. He was glad he had not obeyed his first rash notion'. ?' The bby! was certainly a splendid little fellow. . Written ..in the corner of the carte was, 'Maurice R. Fairfaxf'agfd*' thirteen ; months.' Ho ,- ? was something more,;/' tangible,^ iibw, his father though ti'a's lie minutely studied1 every feature. He felt a thrill of novel jind very pleasant pride as he looked at thevbrighty jeager little face, and said to himself, ' This is my son. He has the Fairfax eyes and brows, I believe,' he continued, as he still studied* the plioto critioally, ; '^bukno. one-will-deny,-, that-he-.liaa his mother's mouth.' i \; With' a sigh lie pieced together1 the 'torn envelope, ami looked in vain for a 'word; the blank sheet of white paper he scrupulously turned over ; it was really blank indeed. Ho gazed at it for some time, as if there was some thing written on it ; then, suddsply gathering himself together, he carefully'folded it up and put it along with the photograph into the envelope, and locked them away in his desk. {To be Continued.) 