BOEDER NOTES. Tlio Border Brass Bond Orchestra gavo their first recital For 18S8 in tlio Corowa School of Arts on Thursday last before a large and appreciative audience. Encli item on tho programme was listened to with rapt attention and on its termination wns heartily applauded. To select numbers from the programme where tha rendition was given with execution and interpreta tion deserving of more infinite merit than the others would bo ‘‘11 Travntorc,” and tho “ Barber of Seville.” Mrs Sayer who has a tuneful and powerful voice contribu ted two songs “ No ono can fell ’’ and “ Bennty Sleep,” won the admiration of the audience. This is Airs Saycr’s first ap pearance before a Corown audience, and judging from the rendering of the above songs sho may bo classed ns ono of Corowa’s prima donas. Mr Headley sang •• A soldier and a man” and “ Trusty as steel.” Tho gentleman is quite n favorite, and rendered his songs in such nn excel lent manner that brought forth loud applause and had to respond to an encore. The accompaniments for tho orchestra wns tastefully played hy Mis Paul and for the vocal portions of tho programme by Mes datues Ilendley and Watt. The entertain ment was a great success and nppenred to highly please tho subscribers of tho band, for whose bouefit tho concurt was given. For somo time past many of the resi dents living near Corowa have been annoyed by some scoundrel playing the “ Ghost, ” and on Monday night his ghoatship nnrrowly escaped what he richly deserved. It appears that about 8 o’clock in the evening ho wns seen near the pre mises of a Mr Cunningham, and for some time his movements were closely watched. At last a gun wns procured heavily loaded with No 2 shot nnd at about 30 yards discharged at tho form representing the apparition. Mr Ghost did not wait to inform unyono ns to flic result of tho shot but took to his heels nnd unfortunately escaped from his pursuers. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Corowa Fire-brigade was held in tha School of Arts on Monday night, whon there wore present Captain Ritchie (in tho chair), nnd 14 firemen. The minutes of tho proviouB meeting hnving been read and confirmed tho secretary wns instructed to write to Air T. Bray thanking him for his donation of £5 5s towards tho funds of the brigade. Messrs W, Parkin, J. McCormnck, H. Oswald, and A. Moyer wero elected members of tho brigade. In Consequence of leaving the district the Secretary Mr A. Wilson tendered his resignation, but at the request of the members it wns held over for a future meeting.' Tho meeting then closed, ►—-- • -- . 