VARIETIES. Back from tlie Grave. A. MAN lllJLTKVliD TO U15 MURDUllED ItliTUllNS A¥TUH TUN VEA113 TO CLAIM HIS lllllDli. Tlio following tile, which, if truo, is ro markablo enough to servo as tho fomidation for ono of tho stories of the day, 1ms been sont from Brownsvillo, Pcnn.-, under dato of August 11th. As tho writer gives his name i the communication was doubtless made in good faith, and is horo reproduced, and tho rcudor may tako it cum gmno suits or not, as ho cIioosds : No moro dramatic sceno was ever enacted . 011 tho boards of any theatro than ono which ] occiuTcd at tho rosideneo of !Miss Eilie '\Vcllcsb3-j back in tho country some two miles 1 north from hero, to-day, wheu her former sweetheart, Harry Lynton, whom sho lind mourned as dead for ton long years, suddenly appeared to claim lier as lier bride. I11 1878 lEftio AVcllesby, then sweet sixteen, was said to be tho prettiest girl in Fayette county. Her father was wealthy, owning, beside tho largo farm on which h^ lived, ex tensive and valuable tracts of coal, lumber and oil lands, and also having au interest iu several steamboats. Of uourso liis fair daughter did not Iwtk for nuitors from many of tho best and wealthiest families of the county, but of theni all hIic chose Harry Lynton, tho son of a poor coal miner, who followed his father's vocation, and had no other prospect than that of doing ko all his life, though possessing naturil intelligence far superior to that of most men of his station. Tlie lines of caste and class distinction aro not vory closely drawn in tho rural society of this region, and tho young people met at a picnic, whero they im mediately fell head over heels in lovo with each other. When John Wollesby — a man noted for his violent and unguvcrnablo tcmpor — dis- covered Effio's passion for tho poor minor his anger know 110 bounds. Ho ordered tlio young man from his house and threatened to kill him if ho over again found him in tho society of his daughter, whilo lio commanded Miss Etlio to immediately transfer her affec tions to a young man of wealth and social position who had boon vainly endeavoring to win lier smiles. Tho lovers woroiiot to bo bo easily battled. Tiiey arranged clandostino meetings undHpcnt inauy happy hours together in a grovo of grand, old, forest trees near Eflio's homo at times when John Wollosby believed his daughter to bo sleeping tho sloop of liappy girlhood in hor cosy room abovo his own. Well knowing thathcrfathor would nover re lent, Ellio at length consented to au elopement, but before it could bo oarricd out au unfor tunate uocident marred all, Hor fathor discovered tho truth. His sus picions wore at onco aroused, aud looking into his daughter's apartment ono night after sho had ostensibly retired, I10 found it uuoc cupicd. Sallying forth in search of her, I10 came upon tho lovers iu tho grove. A dread ful scono ensued. Wollesby taunted the young man with tho inferiority of his position, and charged him with wiahiug to marry his daughter that ho might Hvo without labour upon his father-in-law's meaus. . Lynton spiritedly resented theso insults, aiid the elder man finally struck him a terrible blow with a heavy cane, and ho fell, apparently lifeless, to tho ground. Believing ' that ho had killed Lynton, Wollesby 'seized his fainting daughter, boro her to tho houso, laid her upon lior oouch, locked the door upon 'her, ana telling hiswifo what h» had done and hastily collecting a f ow necessaries, ho mounted his best horse uiul fled. Nothing was heard from him until about a year ago; when a lottcr was received from tho superintendent of a chai*ity hospital iu Montreal, whero ho had died a poor out cast. Tlio lottor inclosed his mil, in which orerytliing I10 possessed was loft to Eflio, who lmd contiuucd to reside ut tho old homestead with 110 coinpaniou save a widowed aunt and tho hired help who carried on the farm, her mother having died soon after Wellcsby's flight. * - ' ? Nothing had over been scon or heard of her lover since that fatal night, .on which lier fathor struckliim. Sho believed him dead and .that hcr fathor, before taking flight, had re turned to that dreadful spot mid buried the [body of ' his victim ; but all this sho and her mother kept looked, in their own breasts. .! So. to-day; wheu, us sho sat with her aunt on tho piazza,. -a' 'tall, bronzed man entered through tho garden gate, came up the grav elled walk, ' stood boforo hor, and gazed in tently into her eyes, sho thought for a moment that it washer lover's ghost she saw, and iiot tho real Harry Lyntan, for in tho mature man of 30 years sho 'instantly recognised her boy ish admirer of ton years ago, to whoso memory sho had been truo through all that long de cade. , : It is easy to imagino what immediately fol lowed, and tlio rest is soon told. Lynton had been merely stunned by Wollcsby's blow, and on coming to himself ho had registered a row to, prove tho injustice of Wellcsby's taunts by never marrying Eftio and never oven seeing or writiug to her again till ho had made iiimself financially her equal. Ho started that vory night to work liia way to tho Pacific Coast. Thero ho shipped on board a vessel bound for Australia, whence I10 drifted, first to England, and theneo to South Africa, whero ho finally brought up at tlio diamond mines. There, after a series of adventures, and iiuuuoial ups and downs that woidd fiunish material for a scoro of Bydcr Haggard's novels, he at length secured a claim that proved a rich ono and that ho finally sold for enough to buy all his intonded fatlior-in-luw's possessions two or tlireo times over. Then ho started 011 a bee-lino to his old home and Eflic Wollesby, whoso constancy I10 nover doubted for a mo ment. Whonnoxt Harry Lyntou disappears from his sweetheart's view it will bo to go to Uniontown, tlio country scat, for a marriage license, and Eflio Wellesby will becomo Eflio Lynton boforo sho's a week older. Tho sun will never shine 011 a moro charming brido, for in tho maturo ti 01mm of twenty-six tho dominant radianco of sixteen is crowned by a pensivo loveliness that makes it ovcu more beautiful. 