The Gilded Charm. [TOE STORY OF A SWIDEN FOBTONB AND A SUDDEN LOSS.] PROLOGUE.—PART rL—Conronnm. " You have probably IOBI; your way ? " "Been hunting. Working round— San Francisco. Followed track; accident ; got here. Your hotel, perhaps ? Fine situation, but lonely." Not a ghost, then," murmured the other, with a look of temporaxy disappointment. If you will come upstaira to my quarters, I may be able to make you comfortable for the night. Your party will accommodate themselves without our help." He referred to the greasers,' who had already begun' their preparations for spending a happy night. When he led the way up the stairs, he was followed, uot only by the two gentlemen he had invited, but also by the ragamuffin hunter, miner, or adventurer, and by the valet, who conceived it his duty to follow Jiis master. He lived, this hermit, in one of tlie small bed-rooms of the hotel, which he had converted into a sitting-room. It contained a single rocking-chair and a table. There was also a shelf, which served for a sideboard, aud a curtain under the shelf, which acted as a' •cupboard. " You see my den," he said. " I came here a year-or so ago by accident, like yourselves. I found the place deserted. I liked the solitude, the scenery,., whatever you like, and I stayed here. You are the only visitors I have had for a year." "Chinamen?" said Mr. Gilead P. Beck,. " Well, Chinamen, of course. But only two of them. They take turns, at forty dollars a month, to cook my dinners. And there is a half-caste, who does not mind running down to Sacramento when I want anything. And so, you Bee, I make out pretty well,** He opened the window, and blew a whistle; r In two minuteB a Chinaman came tumbling up the stairs. His inscrutable face -expressed all the conflicting passions of humanity at once—ambition, vanity, self-respect, humour, satire, avarice, resignation, patience, revenge, meekness, long-suffering, remembrance, and a thousand others. No Aryan comes within a hundred miles of it. " Dinner as soon as you can," said his master. " Ayah! can do," replied the Celestial. " What time you wantchee :" "As soon as you can. Half an hour." "Can do. My no have got cullypowder. Have makee finish. Have got?" " Look for some; make Achow help.". "How can ? No, b'long his pidgin. He no helpee. B'long my pidgin makee cook chow-chow. Ayah! Achow J have go makee cheat over Meiiwui man. Makes play cards all same euchre." In fact, on looking out of the window, the other Celestial was clearly visible, manipulating a pack of cards and apparently inviting the Mexicans to a friendly game, in which there could be no deception. Then Ladds' conscience smote him. "Beg purdon. Should have seen Made remark about hotel. Apologize." "He means," <aid the other, "that he was a terrible great fool not to see that you are a gentleman." Ldds nodded. "Let me introduce oar party," the speaker went on. "This is mir esteemed friend Mr. Gilead P. Bm-k, whom we caught in a bear-hunt " " Bar behind,'* said Mr. Beck. "Thisis Captain Ladds. of the 35th Dragoons.' 1 " Ladds," said Ladds. " Nibs, cocoanibs—pure aroma—best breakfastdigester—blessing to mothers—perfect fragrance." . " His name is Ladds; and he wishes to communicate to you the fact that he is the son of the man who made an immense fortune—immense, Tommy ? " Ladds nodded. urier. "By a crafty compound known as 'Ladds' Patent Anti-Dyspeptic Cocoa.' This is Ladds' servant, John Boluier, the best servant who ever put his leg aoross pig-skin; and my name is Roland Dunquerque. People generally call me Jack; I don't know why, but they do." , Their host bowed, to each, including the servant, .who coloured with pleasure at jack's description of him; but he shook hands with Ladds. " One of ours," he said. '' My name is Lawrence Cotyuhoun. I sold out before you joined. I came here, as you see. And—now, gentlemen, I think I hear (foe first sounds of dinner. Bolmer —will you allow me, LaddB?—you will find claret and champagne behind this curtain. Pardon a hermit's fore. I inburne. think they have laid out such a table as the wilderness can boaist in the nod; room." " The dinner was not altogether what a man might order at the Junior United, but it was good. There':was yeiS&aon;, there was a curry, there, was Borne mountain quail,' there, was claret, and there was champagne—both good, especially the claret. "Then there was The HonourableEonald Dunquerque, whom w e 'Will dill- in .future; what everybody always called him, Jack, ate and drink like Friar 'John. " !&e; |keen mountain. air multiplied his uohnal twist by ten. Mr. Gilead P. Beck, who sat down to dinner perfectly unabashed by his rags, was good as a trenoherman, but many places behind the young Englishman. Mr. tawrenoe. Colquhoun, their host, went on talking almost as if they were in London, only now and thep. be found himself behind the world. It was his ignorance of the last Derby, the allusion to an old and half-forgotten story, perhaps his use of little " phrases—not slang phrases, but those idelioately- sliaded terms -which ie. imply' knowledge of current things- 1 - which showed him to have been out of London and Paris for more than one -season. " Four years," he said, "since I left England." But you will come back to it "I think not." " Better," said Jack, whose face was a little flushed with the wine. " Much better. Robinson Crusoe always wanted to get home again. 80 did Selkirk. So did Philip Quarles." Then the host produced cigars. Later on, brandy-and-water. 'The brandy and water made Mr. Gilead P. Beck, who found himself a good deal crowded out of the conversation, insist on having his share. He placed Ins square box on the table, and loosed the straps. "Let me tell you," he said, "the story of my Luck. I'was'ln Sonera pity," he began, v patting his box affectionately, " after the worst three months I ever had; and I went around trying to borrow a few dollars. I got no dollars, but I got free drinks—so many free drinks, that at last I lay down in the street and went to sleep. Wall, gentlemen, I suppose I walked in that dumber of mine, for when I woke up I was lying a mile outside the town. I also entertained angels Unawares, for at my head there sat an Indian woman. She was as wrinkled an old squaW as. ever shrieked .tat a buryin'. But she took an interest in me. She took that amount of interest in me that she told me she knew of gold. And then she led me by the hand, gentlemen, that aged and affectionate old squaw, to a place not far from the roadside; and there, lying between two rocks, and hidden in the -chaparelle, glittering in the light, was this bauble." He tapped his box. " I did not want to be told to take it. wrapped it in my handkerchief and carried it in my hand. Then she led me beck to the road again. * Bad lack you mil have,' she eaid; 'but it will lead to good luck so long as that is not broken, sold, given away, or lost.' Then die left me, and here it is." He opened the little box. There was nothing to be seen but a mass of white wool. " Bad luck I have had. Look at me gentlemen. Adam was not more destitute when die garden- gates were shut on him. But the good will come, somehow." He removed the wool, and, behold, a miracle of nature! Two thin pistes of gold delicately wrought in linos and curious chasing, like the pattern of a butterfly's wing, aud of the exact shape, but twice'aa large. They were poised at the angle, always the same, at which the insect balances itself about a flower. They were set in a small piece of quaintly-marked quartz, whicn represented the body. - A golden butterfly!" A golden butterfly," said Mr. Beck. '' No goldsmith made this butterfly. It came from. Nature's workshop. It is my Luck." "And if the butterfly fell snd break. Farewell to the Look of Gihad Beck," said Jack. " Thank you, sir. That's very neat. I'll take that, sir, if you will allow me, for my motto, unless you want it for yourself," "No," said Jack; "I have one already." "If this golden butterfly fill and break, FarewtU fo the Luck ut tiilexi P. Beck," repeated the owner of the insect. " If yoU are going on, gentlemen, to San Francisco, I hope } ou will take me with you." Culqubnun." said Ladds, "you do not uie.tn to stay here by yourself? Much better come with us, unless, of coursts " Lying on the table was a piece of an old newspaper in which Jack had wrapped simiething. Ladds sawColquhoun mechanically take up the paper, read it, and change colour. Then he looked straight l>9foru him and saw nothing, and Ladds stopped speaking. Then he smiled iu a strange far-off way. " I think I willgo with you," he said. Sear, bear ! " cried Jack. " Selkirk returns to the sound of the churchgoing bell." Ladds refrained from looking at the paper in search of things which, did not concern himself, ^ tit-he perceived that Colquhoun had, like Hainlet, seen Something. ' There - toot, : in fact, an announcement in the fragment -which greatly interested Lawrence Colquhoun: "On April 8, by the Bight Bev. the Lord Bishop of Turk's Island, at St. George's, Hanover ^Square, Gabriel Oassuis, of, etc., to "Victoria, daughter of the late Admiral Sir Benbow PengeUey, K.C.B." In the morning they started, Mr. Beck being provided with a new rig-out of a rough and useful kind. At the last moment one of the Chinamen, Leeching, the cook, besought from his late master, as a parting favour and fop the purpose of self- protection, the gift of a pistol, powder, and ball. (Mr. Colquhoun gave them to him, tlfinking it a small thing after two years of faithful service. Then Leeching, after loading his pistol, went to work with his comrade for an hour or so. Presently, Achow being on his knees in; the shingle, the perfidious Leeching suddenly cocked biB pistol and fired it into Achow's right ear, so that be fell dead. By this lucky accident Leeching became sole possessor of the little pile of gold which he and the defunct Aohow had iscraped together and placed in a cache. He proceeded to unearth his treasure, put together his little belongings, and Started on tHe road to San Francisco with a smile of satisfaction. There was a place in the -windings of die toad where there-was a steepbank. By the worst luck in the world a stone slipped and fell as Leeching passed by. The stone, by itself, would not have mattered much, as it did not fall on Leeching's head; but with it fell' a rattlesnake, -who was sleeping in the warmth of the sun. Nothing annoys a rattlesnake more than to be disturbed in bis sleep. "With angry mind he awoke, looked around, and saw the Chinaman: Hlogically connecting him with the fall of the stone, be made for him, and, before poor Leeching knew there was a rattlesnake anywhere near him, bit him in the calf. Leeching sat down on the bank and realized the position. 'Being a fatalist, be did not murmur; having no conscience, he did not fear; having no faith, he did not hope; having very little time, he made.no testamentary dispositions. In point of fact, he speedily curled up bis legs and died.' Then the deserted Empire City was deserted indeed, for there was not even a Chinaman left in it. CHAPTER L JOSEPH AND FTH BB15CHKEZ9', The largest and most solid of all the substantial houses in Cancarronsquare, Bloomsbury, is Number Fifteen, which, by reason of its corner position (Mulgrave-street intersecting it at right angles at this point), has been enabled to stretch itself out at the back. It is a house which a man who wanted to convey the idea of a solid income without ostentation or attempt at fashion would find the very thing to assist his purpose. The ladies of such a house would not desire to belong to the world farther west; they would respect the Church, law, and medicine; they would look on the City with favourable eyes when it was represented by a partner in an old firm; they would have sound notions of material comfort; they would read solid books, and would take their pleasure calmly. One always, somehow, in looking at a house, wonders first of what sort its women are. There were, however, no women at Number Fifteen at all, except the muds. Its occupants consisted of three brothers, all unmarried. They wore named respectively Cornelius, Humphrey, and Joseph Jagenal. Cornelius and Humphrey were twins. Joseph was their junior by tea years. Cornelius and , Humphrey were fifty—Joseph was forty. People who did not know this thought that Joseph was fifty and his brethren forty. (To be eontinutdj 