An American Ghost Story. Mr. B. F. Strong waB in town the other day. save the St. Louis Globt* Democrat, to see about tiling a* claim against the Hannibal and St.. Joe Railroad Company tor damage caused by the killing of some stock belouging to him. At one time in his early manhood, Frank, as he is popu larly called, was a great lover ot the national game of poker, and while here ho related a woudeitul story of a game in which he once participated. Twelve yeurs ago, while deaiing extensively in cattle, Frank made* a trip to Avon, ll.inois, aud there sought lodging at the old Revere House, nuw burned. . It was late in the evening when he arrived, and accommodation was limited. The land lord informed him that, there was but one vacant room, aud this a deserted one, believed by those faiuiliat with the place to he haunted. If this would suit, a cot couid be fixed up for the guest. This being his only'ihance, Strqhg accepted the tiituation, and in the bare room, destitute^ furniture, a mattress and blankets were provided. While these arrangements were being made the host explaijj^that 6onie years before two men Had sought lodging in the house and occupied this room. In the middle of the night a piotol shot was heard, and those who rushed to the spot had discovered one of the two companions lying dead on the floor with a bullet in his heart. The murdertr had escaped by the window. Tho cause of the trouble Was explained by a pack of caitl« lying scattered on the floor, together with some loose coin, wh:ch was found on the table where they had been playing. A quarrel between two gamb ers* over their game had resulted in a tragedy. Since then (he ghost of the murdered man, sometimes in company with other spooks, was sa'd to nightly visit the room. Nothing daunted by the tale, Strong blew out his light and retired. Some time during the night he awoke ' and saw two ghostly forms seated on the floor playing cards by the pale moon light, which streamed through the window. For a few moments he watched them, then his deiight in the game being played overcame all other considerations, and he jumped up from his mattreBs and asked if he might have a hand. Nut a word was spoken by the two figures in white, but one of them silently dealt a hand to the stockman, who had audaciously curled himself upon the floor between the ghostiy gamesters, having not even waihd to dress himself. '1 he game was poker, and tor a time the ante was low. Both pate spirits appeared well supplied with money, in bills and silver. Without the exchange of a word the game progressed. Finally Strong laid down as his ante a .5dol. bill. Ail drew, and Strong's bet of '20dol. wat raised by each until 2 .0dol. lay on the flcor. On a hand of four tens Strang won. Neither of the mysterious individuals was a scit ntific player, and in the course of a few hands the lone mortal managed to run in se\eral successful bluffs. For two hours the game had progressed, when, at the crowing of a barnyard fowl, both the white- robed per sonages arose, startled, and sadly withdrew. The manner of their egress from the apartment, Strong declares, is vet a mystery, as no aperture larger than the kev hwle existed. Strong took a pull of brandy to quiet liis nerves, and counted over his winnings, which slightly exceeded 600dols. Then, looking carefully to his revolver, he placed the money under his pillow an«l again retired, sleeping soundly until awakened by the landlord's rap. To the tatter's inquiry whether he had been disturbed by fpir.'ts, bo replied that nothing unusual had happened. This occurrence, Frank said, in conclusion, he regarded as a warning that disembodied spirits ought never to tackle an able- bodied stockdealer in a game nt r. As to the genuineness of the money he had -i. -u doubt was dis pelled when on reaching' St. Lnuie i '-?' vod tn purchase a week «f fullblown enjoyment. - ? ? # . ' 