FAITH HEALING. Continued from our last. 1 Mr.. Dowie said :-The next two letters I shall read are from a younO -r m' i.who is in the Postal Department in this colony; and his case is one Slofitlahemnost remarkable of its kind which I have ever known-(1) becaus the rupture was from birth, and (2) because no rupture could be mors terrible to contemplate, much more to endure. Mr. Leckie also informed me that his healing was a direct means to the salvation of his father whet far advanced in years. To BEV. J. A. DOWIE.-Dear Brother,-With joy and gratitude to God 1 furnish you with my very humble testimony. Oh that God will bless it to some poor sufferer. I oft times have felt the desire within that my testimony should be made known throughout the world, to let the unbeliever see that our Jesus i the same yesterday, to-.day and forever. I have proved that His loving kindness is : C far better than life, but He has given me eternal life. May God bless you, mj dear brother, your wife and little ones, and that He may use you all to his glory as long as breath remains with you, and then may we all meet in glory to praise and crown Him Lord of all. If you can rememberanything that transpired, add i t,or if you wish to erase it in any way, do so.-Yours, &3c., M. C. L. MY EXPERIENCE. "Oh how precious dear Redeemer, is the love that fills my soul, tr It is done I the word is spoken I am every whit made whole." From my infancy, yea, from the very hour of my birth I had been troubled with a rupture of the left intestine, and while a baby in my mother's arms I was treated by different doctors, but without effect. At the age of nine I was taken to the Ballarat Hospital, and was fitted with a truss; and from that time I have tried v..arious kinds of surgical instruments, but all human aid failed to give me any '' f''Ielief whatever; and as I grew in years so my complaint grew worse, so great was my suffering that I was compelled to stand upon my head, very often nine or ten times a day, between bags of chaff, hay, or anything I could get at hand to support mein that position, so as to allow my bowels to go back into my body. None but I God and myself know how I suffered. One night when I was upon my knees at my bedside, I opened my Bible (which is the dearest treasure on earth to me). IMy eyes lighted upon the xi. chapter of John, 10th verse, where Jesus said to Martha, " If thou wouldst believe thou shouldst see the glory of God," and after lHe had thus spoken, He cried in a loud voice, Lazarus come forth, and he which was dehd came forth. I believed it all, and that Jesus was as mighty and as * powerful as He was in those days. So hearing of the Rev. J. A. Dowie as a believer and instrument in God's hands of Divine healing, I determined to have a talk with him on the subject. We met, and after telling my mission he said, " According to your faith my brother so shall it be done unto you ; Jesus alone can heal you, I can do nothing for you. Do you believe it is God's desire to make whole your broken temple just now as you lilt up your heart to Him? " :Oh, that was the moment of the trialof my faith. He then repeated the Lords Prayer, and as he came to Thy will be done in earth (in me) as it is done in Heaven, just then a stream of light broke in upon my soul; I then and there clung to the promises. Mr. Dowie then said " Do you believe that God the lHoly Ghost wishes to dwell in a broken temple,in a ruptured temple? " "No, no," I cried, "I believe, I do believe," and as Mr. Dowie and myself breathed our hearts desires before God, lie there and then answered our prayers. Ina few minutes I FOUND ThAT I WAs IIEALID; I knew Ilis promises were true, and in a few hours afterwads when I woke from sleep,Iwas as whole and asperfect as any man could possibly be. Three years ann seven months have passed since then, and Ihave never felt the slightest effectsof that which was bringing me to an early grave, and to-day I am as well and strong as I could possibly be, enjoying the best of health, and the blessing of God, continually. My own desire is that my humble testimony may be the means in God's hands of some poor sufferer like I was, to eome and bring your afflictions to Jesus, who is the great physician that can heal all diseases of the body, soul and spirit. I am now married happily in the Lord, which it was impossible for me to have been, had I not been healed. I am 26 years of age. I am, yours faithfully in Christ Jesus, M. C. LECKIE. MISS EVA TRESSIDER, Elm Cottage, Rathdowne street, Carlton. I have been healed several times, and have a great deal to be thankful for. Five and a half years ago I first gave my heart to the Lord, and shortly aftera:mrds Iwas led to see Jesus as my Healer. My first trouble was an internal abscess. -Mr; Dowie invited me when I was suffering from the pain to come to him, and he would go with me to the Lord in prayer. I was then a little unbelieving in Divine healing. I had never seen any cases of the kind. There was a little un belief ; and if I feel doubtful about a thing I like to be sure whether it is right or wrong. This led me to search the Scriptures, where I was surprised to find so manypromises forourhealing; so I could not doubt it again. In the 103rd Psalm, verses 3 and 4, you will find the words which God blessed specially to me, namely: " Bless the Lord, O my soul, and forget not all His benefits, who forgiveth all thine iniquities, Wo HEALETH ALL tHY DISEASES." That was quite enough without seeing any more. After Mr. Dowie spoke to me again about taking my trouble to the Lord, I felt it was all right ; for Jesus is the same now as when lie was in the flesh. When I went to Mr. Dowie, I was in great pain, and I feared the abscess would burst inwardly. He told the Lord all about it, and IN LaSS THAN A MINUTE I WAS QUITE WELL Then I had been suffering for twelve months, off and on. I have not felt any symptoms since that time. I was ill with measles and a feversome time afterwards. Mr. Dowie came to see me on a Monday morning. I felt better then ; but I must have lost the blessing, through some fault of my own; and I became so much worse that in three days I was quite unconscious. Mr. Dowie came to see me again, and I was HEALED INST(N TANEOUSLY. I got up, and there was no internal pain, and I continued well for a ong time. But most miraculous was my last healing in the beginning of January this year. I was ill of typhoid fever. I took the case to the Lord myself. I knew He would heal me, Yet, to my sorrow, I was not answered; I was in trouble ; something seemed to have come in the way. Mir. Dowie was then in iNew Zealand, . so I could not send for him, and I continued ill for ten dlays, and got very low. The members of the church at last heard of my illness, and, thank God, when I got to the worst state two friends-Mr. Grierson, a steward of this church, and Mrs. Williams, a member, came to my room. I felt that the power of God was there. They sang very softly the hymn-" The Great Physician now is here," and then they prayed. Mr. Gri rson laying his hands upon me in the name of the Lord, and IN A MoMENT MY PAINS, AND FEVER. AND BuFrERING WaNT AWAY. Some friends came up again that night, and found I was quite well. My mother is in Heaven, and I antm housekeeper ; and I started ' to attend to my household duties next day-doing my work with ease. I thank God that I know Jesus as my Healer. I was ten days ill with typhoid. I same to the Tabernacle quite well on the following Sunday, and I am resting still in Jesus to keep me whole. [As Miss Tressider was concluding her testimony, a young woman in the body of the hall was seized with a fit-apparently of epilepsy. There was some excitement. Mr. Dowie asked the choir to sing a hymn, and commanded the congregation to keep their seats. The choir sang the hymn commencing, "* She only touched the hem of Thy garment," while Mr. Dowie laid hands upon the young woman, who instantaneously was re ,stored to consciousness, and walked quite firmly with her mother and Y Mrs. Dowie into the "Pastor's Room." Mr. Dowie resumed his place on the platform and continued the meeting. In a few minutes the girl and her mother came back and took their seats, the former apparently perfectly well]. Mr. Dowie here said:-"I asked Miss Tressider to give very iully her testimony to her healing by our brother Grierson's agency, for several reasons, and, particularly, because I am about to ask that dear brother, who is a steward of this church, and "my own son in the faith," to address you. Before he speaks, I wish to say how greatly I rejoice that the Lord answered two petitions which I offered here before we departed on our recent long Mission Tour in New Zealand and New South Wales. The first was that all our dear people should triumph over disease through Christ, during our absence; and the second that He would raise up " elders" who would be used to the sick. I rejoice to say tlhat the Holy Ghost has specially indicated two brothers, Joseph Grierson and John S. Wallington, whom I purpose, if the Lord will, fully to ordain to this work, ere we leave Australia. I will now call upon our brother, whom God has to my great joy used in other cases beside that of Miss Tressider. MR. JOSEPH GRIERSON, Station Street, North Carlton. My dear friends in the Lord Jesus-I thank God I am able to stand before you to offer my humble testimony to lis loving kindness to me. I was brought np in C the Wesleyan denomination by a praying mother. The Holy Spirit strove with me early in life, but I did not give in. I went year after year till I was 33, "an alien from the commonwealth of Israel." I often think of the truth of the lines "God moves in a mysterious way, Ilis wonders to perform, He plants His footsteps in the sea, and rides upon the storm." Certain circumstances induced me to leave Richmond, and I beeamo located in North Carlton. One day I read in the newspaper of strange doings in the Free Christian Tabernacle, Fitzroy, where a man, said to be very eccentric, was said to be doing some wonderful things, I came here and heard the man speak of One who, although Hie bateth sin yet loveth the sinner. It seemed as if some of the words were spoken to me; but in going away I told my wife that "I would not go to that crib again." However, I came again, anl it was not long before our dear Pastor took me by the hand and pressed me to decide for Christ, and I made a promise that I would remain for the enquiry and prayer meeting after the evening service. Then the word of God took bold upon my heart. I felt more than ever what a sinner I as, and the danger of dropping into perdition. Fear filled me, and a longinur to know Jesus. I came here--I had a holiday--one Wednesday afternoon to the Healing Meeting. Ididn't altogether believe in the Healing then. I had been taught--" Whom the Lord loveth IHe ehasteneth," and I was told that meant " Whom the Lord loveth He maketh sick." Here I heard different, and came to see for myself. The pastor asked me, after the meeting, to come into his private room, and there he taught and prayed with me, and when I went home I prayed in my own room and asked the Lord to give me a new heart. I told the pastor I felt no better, and he told me I must believe that every word in I John. i. 9 was for me, and ta e God at His word. There was I still doutt-I needed assurance. On the 2nd February, 1885 (my wife's birthday), I was at the warehouse marking off some stuff, and all the time I was going through the argument, and all at once I did take God at Fis word, and I rejoiced in His pardoning love. I did not at once receive Chr:st in the fulness of light, and some times my joy grew dim, but light gradually streamed into my soul. Like the beautiful rays of the sun, first peeping over the hill-tops and then rising in all its glory and chasing away the darkness, so the Sun of Rlighteousnrss arose and shone intomy heart. I came here Sunday after Sunday,and sought more fully to know the Lord. By-and-by I was able to receive all the light, and Christ became from thenceforth my all. But before that I made an entire surrender to Him. I gave up tobacco and drink, for I found that I could not ask the Lord's blessing upon them, and the pastor told me that my bode was to be "the Temple of the Holy Spirit." By-and-by I was able to take all my complaints to the Lord. As the Holy bpirit worked through me, I felt Ifis quickening power. I grew stronger and stronger in spirit, soul, and body. I improved in physical as well as spiritual strength; my chest, which was weak and growing in, increased in strength and girth. When the pastor was called away by God into Now Zealand, some of us were left by Him in the Tabernacle to carry on the work. According c to His promise, the Lord blessed the few,and they learned to lean on Jesus insteladt of on the pastor, which was just what he desired. With regard to the illness of Sister Tressider. We missed her welcome face. I asked her little sister, who e told me she was unwell. Sister Williams and I went to see her. She was very much changed-thin, emaciated with fever, and looking very bad. When she saw d us she wept like a babe. She was weak in body and spirit. The dear ones in her home had been pressing her for many days to see a doctor. She was almost wavering when we came-indeed, she had consented to see the doctor next day. Isaid we will have no doctor here but the Great Physician. [The narrative was interrupted at this point by the choir singing, in low, sweet tones, the hymn "The Great Physician now is here."] Sister Williams, who is a sweet singer in Israel, sang a verse and we prayed. Then I put my hands on her-the action was involuntary, it was the first time I ever did so-and prayed to God, for Jesus' sake, to take away the fever. She felt a shock pass through her-it was the Iloly Spirit's power-and the fever was gone. Although I was not a doctor, I felt her pulso- (To be continued). r 