pt%= Table TaIIj[. i:K Ik montlonod in IDngllsh papers that Mrs, , wife of Captain Loftus, lato A.D.O. to his Lord Augustus Loftus, through financial exl i, is ahout to start a milliner'a shop in London, ,oftiu Is a daughtor of Mr, P. P, Labertouohc, ury to tlio Victorian Hallways Lopartmont, and |Wfl iiany Melbourne friends, who remember hor as t, charming Miss Labortouolio will wish her every M IciiAUAO'rKUiimci story at the oxpensa of Sir [r boi'lmor, tlio Mlnistor for Dofanoo, is just now tlio rounds, It is said that during tlio Uynda's |to Melbourne, tho Pofonoo Minlstor, nnxloiiu to hospitality to tho visitors, Invited tho Grand Mlohaulovlteh and tlio oflloors to a marine <|lM§(r. finding on enquiry Unit tlio murlno plonlo Intended to talco tho form of an Inspection of tho fctmlralloriH, tho Russians politely duollnod tho ln ^(.(tiliiii, and doubtless Cooling that to take advantage tilauuis boilinor's " klndnuss" CthoiighttuHNnuHH7) Worths a contemptible mutiiod ol! obtaining lul'orma« da n to oomo In useful in tho event of a war Minn Kiigland and Russia, Ik Auiitrnlliiii Nutlvim' AiiHoohvtlon Iuvm Kooil ciiiuho fttlUlihiiuuiil with tho >ionc/i'tinat miinnur In which Ittnnlor lout tvuutocl tho viuiuutifc of thu ilui>iitntlon, jviii) Mr, ,1, I,, I'lirvoii, 1,1,0., tlvolr I'ruitUlonh, on tint [illusion of tint iMolhonruo Intonwiflomvl Itixhlbl" 'rim lumo oxomio that tint lint, wntv oIohovI, wivn Iivilillnst limult to nojiliiot, II' t.lvo Oovunvmont Iwi* loil It linporiitlvn to iivtvko ivn oxou|itlon with Mi'( loin, who In to nhlnu at, tho nottnoll tublo of tho jnlinlim with n ll)(ht hoi rowuil ft'otu M« ilulow ilou« [hU foiinur hmtmotor In exhibition muttum, miruly pur11 oxuupllou" uoulil bo nuulo In tho otoio of tho Blunt of tho AtmtruUiwi Nntlvou Amvoolntlon, n body It Imu iv rl|<ht to bo olllolivlly ropronontoil lit nn livllivu National ovont, Homo iniillolotiii i»»ti'iu>n» |IiIuIihI tlmt Mr, (lUllou hivn u [toriuifml iintl|>ivtlvy I'vvvvun, hut I (ini In a [lonlfclon to llutly oontm |ho iitivtuinuiit, Only livtit wook, on tho ooonrtlon Ihwowull lUiuvur nlvon by lluv nvoinbovtv of tho Jtiuum Ohih, to Mr. O'liiillonin, tho nolloltor, at Ml'. t'urvim prushtoil, Ml', ClilUuii, In pvopoHlnK tho lionlth o£ tbo ohnlrrann, spolco of him la tho moat flattering torms, Mr, .GUIIob' aonduot la thoroforo quite Inexplicable, m * * Tick announaomout that the Rev, George Walters had resigned his position in the Unitarian Ohuroh of Melbourne, has aartainly surprised thoso who are not nwnro that Mr. Walters has had differences with his oowmittoo on matters of dootrine, Thoso, howevor, who woro seined of tho faots, fully oxpootod thnt Mr, Wnltors would tako tho only stop loft to a gentleman plaood In an unoomfortablo position. Tho Itev, George Waltors, It Is assortod, was too " llboral" ovon for 'Unitarians, Ha does not, for instanoe, botiovo In tho otllonoy of prayor, and stoutly refused ovon to roolto tho Lord's Prayor, Tho mbmbors grumbled, and tho matter was brought boforo tho aommittqo of tho Urii tarlan Ohuroh, who passed ty rosolutlon some tlmo ago that tho Lord's Prayor should bo olthor real tod or sung In the ohurah, by tholr mlulstor, Mr, Walters, however, refused to aot In aooordarioo with tho oommltoo's doalslou, and announced that'ho would rather roslgn hlti position than not aontrary to the dictates of his oousolonao. Judging, from .the stop taken by Mr, Walters on Sunday last, it is oyldont that tho momburu of the Unitarian CJhuroh have no duslro to plaou bhomsulvos altogether outside the pale of Christianity, by excluding ; fro in tholr sorvloo tho Lord's prayor. Tltil in urn born of thu Unitarian Ohuroh arooxtromoiy nnnoyod with tho llov, ClaorKO WV.tut'H for tho hoiihiv Mount manner whloh ho adopted on Sunday limb In oonnuotlon with tho nnnounaamonfc of hid riMlgnatlon. Mtrnlnod rolntlomi botwuon Mr. Wnltcmi and hitt oouk mention luul (tortnluly oxlutod, but (ho mlnbitorfthould novurthulomi liuvo Informed bin uoinndttou of tho lutein* dod mtop boforo nnnounolntf It from tho pulpit, Anna Kimlu tho idutumont hy Mr, Walter* that ho loft tho oonpropntlon In powumiilon of a now and bountiful larpo ohuroh, with tho debt roduood to 411)00, It would oonvoy tho Idoa that tho ruv, pontlomnn had boon (ntitvumontnl lit plaotiiK bin uonpruf(utlnn In nuoh a prooporouH jiohI tlou, llowovor, an a mattor of faot, thu roduotlon of , tho dobt and tho oxlstonoo of thu now ohuroh aro tho roitult of an ndvuutuKoouo ualo of tho old paritonaKo for 4M,fi00, inipphitnontud by llbonvl donatlono amounting to M lftOO, to whloh Mr. II. CI, Tiivnov oontrlbutod lot) nullum*, anil Mr. Juiitloo Wllllumn too fotlnous, tho lattor (.(ontlomun lining tho originator of tho Idoa to build a now ohtiroh, Tills fnrewoll bnnquat wbloh was given to Mr, IT, Or, L, Batten, the successful Unlvorsity " ooaab," on Tuesday ovoning last, was the oeaaalon of much pollti oal talk. Tho guest, it was maintained by his numerous and influential oulogists, should abandon tho Idea of permanently settling in England, but roturn to Victoria and onter Parliament, Mr. Button, who la a born orator and a highly oultured gentleman, took this suggestion as a text for nn eloquent political speooh, in whloh ho rovoalod to tho nudlonoo his con fession of political faith, Amongst other measures ho condemned tho new Lioonslng Aat, and tho chairman Mr, James W, Polroo, Member of Parliament for West Molbourno, caused qulto a sonsatlon by his statement that •' tho now Licensing Aat has oausod more perjury to bo committed in our aourts than any other not on tho Statutos of Vlotorla," Tho publleans, I am sura, will not thnnk Mr, Poliao for his ustlmnto of their testlmouy. in the aourts. , ' Mn. Battan, who la Hfl ycara of ago, 1h tlio son of a achoolraautor. Ho arrived with hltt parontu In Mol.' bourno whon only four yoara of ago, and nftor obtain lug a sound oollflglato oduoalUm ho dovotod himself to coaching young mon and young lndloa for tho Mutrlau lutlon IQxamlnattonu, at tho Molbourno University, Ills buooouh, In many Instances, was phenomenal, with pupils, who had previously failed to pass. Mr, Button In an oarnust worlcuv In all ha undurtalcus to do, and oonaoquuntly ho now su Iters from Ill-health, and pro oooda to JOnglund by to-day's mail steamer on an ox tuudod recuperative trip, Mr, Mutton takes with him lottcrs of Introduction to many public muu In London, and wo arc certain to hoar, at no distant dato, of hit* busying himself In tho IntoroMtii of Ids adopted country, both In tho press and on tho public platform, Turn promint nilvur *< boom" In Konorolly oonsidorad phuiioinoiinh Tbo hliitory of o milling munln In how ovur vory Hlaiplo, ami olwoyn fcho »nmo, Ono of tho ooiidltlonn In on ouity monoy inurkot, nnd low prloo for Invoiitmontii, Tho mo in iihrowd oud onturprhiliiK koop polclim thulr notum orouml to iiuo whot In worth tuvulitK up, Thoy uxomlno tho pronpuutu of mlnou, onil, hov» liiK dooldod thofc thoro In o kooiI ohonoo, thoy iuvoH(, slowly unci iitoocllly, Tho minus justify tholr judtf. uumt, oml turn out woll, On tho otrunifth ol! thin o iiooond olomt of npuoulotorn h° hi. Thoy Itovo to poy hlKlior pi'tOiM, but for oil thot thuy ovo not in doiiHor, It ia nbont thla stage that, " promoting" hogina, But evon thon moat claims stnrted have " bottom." Pre sently a third class of speculators finds ita way into the ring, tempted by the prosperity of the first two. Thoy liavo not much money, and buy on the ohanco of selling out quickly, and making a profit. But evon they stand firm. Now begin to oomo In the elements of destruction, and very rapidly. Men who have nothing or little buy on time. There ia an oasy, happy-go-luoky system established, which gives plenty of opportunity for " financial operations." The gene ral public, wliiah knows nothing of mining, nothing of the prospects of the minos, rushes in pell moll ; and tho demand for scrip rlsos. " Wild Oat" mines, with not the ghost of a show, which can never get tho reof, nre got up to meet tho demand. The oxcitemcnt rises to fronsy point 5 money tightens ; men have to realise ; the bubble totters and trembles, and bursts, and thon—chaos, Save who can—the last man is crushed. Of course, the mon who ontored on tho speculation ooolly and with knowledge are not greatly affeotod by tho orash j and during the mania the wiser make fortunos, Tiidub ia also a practice of bulling and bearing /.which it established in all tho markets, especially at " boom" times, whioh ongulfs the ignorant and un wary. Preolaoly the same tactics are uaod in the betting market, when horses are run up and down so as to fill the books and mnlco tho metallioians safe. In mining, when the marlcob is hot, oortain contributors are found almost ovory day to rush up a atook, It is rpn to a high prloo. Tho public boos it rising, and rush in, The ring soils its shares j nnd the public money is oaught, Of course somotlmo tho manipula tors aro nottod themselves. Tho mine ia good, and tho public gets tho best of tho deal. But thcao rushes up and down aro good Cor tho brokora ; and that olasa soon mnkos handsome fortunes out of tho buying and selling caused by thorn. What makes booms totally different now from what they were In tho groat clays of Sandhurst and Ballarat Is tho wldor constituency ; the enormous ox tension of tho telegraphs and railways almost destroying time and spaoo. When tho Sandhurst boom was on in T870-72, tho business was mainly eonflnod to Sand hurst and Melbourne, with a moderate business in fjydnoy and Ballarat, But all that la changed. When over a boom takes plaoo now, and whoruvor it Is, Lon don, Sydney, Molbourno, Adelaide, Ballarat, Sand hurst, and the- other groat oltlea are cunt res of buyln< atid soiling, Consequently, tho booms must bo very big Itidoud, But, for all that, they will bo none tho safer, Thoso who duoldu on going into mining should carofully study the prospects of the mine, and if uou vlnaod that It is good tlioy should buy in and stick to the shares, unless snmo very groat, price Is offered. V.ury oftutv puoplu sell out of good minus, and put thu money into bad ouos, and lose all, On uvory Hold there aro a fuw safe permanent mines—■only a few. An to making money by buying for a rise, only those who aro on thu spot can do that ; and suoli speculators al lium t. always got tho worst of It In tho end. Tho num who have done well In mining havu bouu thu limmtorn and tlui brokers, finally, If you aro doing well in a good sltnalIon or business, haste not to hu rich by rushing into booms wldeh may dun troy you, moutully, morally, and ptiounlurlly, for over, If you belong to tlui outside puhllo, thu butting is against you—-must dooidedly. Tlll'l doiUli of Hli' llobort Wlmlom, Q.O., whloh took plnoo lit lilo niHldonoo lit tfydnoy on Ifrldny lmifc, iUnroh HI, t'omovcm ti'om tliu political soouo of Auatiulln u vory Hti'llcliiK Hnut'ii, Hit' llobort only votumuil to Nuw ►South Will0.1 nix woolen prior to hto duuth, and tint nowii of hbt tlonth immo ivh a tmrprhio to tho publlo at. litr^o, for, ulthniiffh It wn" known that; ho hud boon tioltuid with un nll'ootlon of tho llvor, It wit* not till tho day buforn Ida ihmth that ulnrmtnp nymptontH pruiumlud thoiniolvoM, Tho dooowiud Htnlumnuu won llttlo inoro than r»H yourn of upo, having boon born nt lllnukboru, In Tmnontihh'u, on .huiunry !H), IHIld, urrlvlnn In Attn* trulln with bin pnrontii whou four yuurti old, Ho wan oduonttid (I I'll' ut Malfclnud, uud i»ubmi<|uontly lit thu Hytlnoy (JoIIoho, and, nftor a mtvoro aourso of study wub admitted to ttio Now South Wales bar in 1801, being at tho time a member of the Legis lative Assembly of that colony. He seonrecl a seat in every Parliament with ono exception until the general oleotion last year, when lie was elevated to the Upper . House, and was in several Ministries ns/ Attorney General. Ho went to London, in company with Sir Patrick Jennings, as representative of Now South Wales at tho Imperial Conference, and for his services at that gathering of colonial statesmen wns made a K.C.M.G. Sir Hobort Wisdom was ono of tho best speakers in tho New South Wales Legislaturo, and at times his oratory was impassioned in a degree. His practice nt tho bar was not extensive but of a remu nerative character, and he was a successful speculator, possessing valuable land in the Oamdon district, on which he resided during a groat part of the yoar, Lndy Wisdom, who lias boen in ill-health for some years, two sons and |a daughter, who is married to Mr. Mnybury, the Under Shori/f of New South Wales, survive him, DuniNO tho past year tho unknown kin of tho fol* lowing intestates havo boon sought for In England by tho Treasury Solicitor, as " Crown's Nominoo " ,—W, F. J. Bago (Ohostor), Nanoy F. Ballard (Surrey), Joseph Bond (Mlddlosox), Emma Burrows (Middlesex), John Dalian (Middlesex), Bev. Bussell Oopo (Mlddlo sox), Mary Oox (Surrey), Oarollno Grant (or Goody), Alice Hall (Stafford), F. W. T, Hammond (Middlesex), Olara Hudson (Mlddlosox), William ICayes (Stafford), Norah Kondrlok (Mlddlosox), Jano Kidder (or King), Eleanor Montrup (York), Mary H. Nowoomon (dlod abroad), Osoar Nortom (dlod abroad), Oarollno Par sons (Mlddlosox), John Book (Surrey), E. Buss (dlod abroad), A, W. Bussell (died abroad), Ell/.aboth S, Soholos (Mlddlosox), Jano Tarsoy (dlod abroad), Hnn nah Turamons (Mlddlosox), Jamos Williams (Salop), William Worlodgo (Mlddlosox). Pr is ourlous to romark bow many loading Jews havo mado magnllloont prosents to tho Popo on tho oooaslon of his jublloo. Among thoso la San Andra, tho groat Babbl of Vlonna, who la oommonly oallod tho 11 Popo of tho Jews," on aaoount of hla Immonso Influonoo, Ho haa aent tho Popo a lino oopy of tho Talmud, said to bo over ItOO yonra old, Tho hoad Babbl of Bomo has prosontud a oomplotu modlolno ohost, possibly to re mind his hollnuss that during tho mlddlo ages, and In deed, up to tho eommonoomont of tho proaont eontury, tho Pope's doctor was almost Invariably a Jow, Othor loading rabbis havo sunt tho L'opo valuable gifts, and a loading Juwlsh banker has presented 0110 of tho drat, microscopes over made, said to bo of hla Invention, and to havo oost him twenty yoavs' labor to bring to Its actual porfuutlon. * * 1 MWN'rtoNHD luat weak that a syndloato formed by Monrrs. W. H. I'urrymau, John Myth, Boss Maoartnnyi Havlil Muuro, and H, 11, Alaoolt had purohaaod from Mr, Joseph Jamua Phelps thu Altona Bay Estate for tho sum of iUUno,0(>0, I now hear tliat a company oallod tho Altona Hay Mstato Oompany, Limited, lias boun formed with a capital of In >ir>u wharua of iUftOO each, to ho called upas follows:—tUt!"> pur share on application, iifio per share on allotment, ami balnnee by accoptaucon and by calls as may bo roijulrud j hut thu dlruetors do not anticipate any further call will lie nooomiury. The groator number of tho shares, I hoar, have already boon applied for, Mu, lUti'Koyuo, tho wolUktiown AuHtmUun wlnonioi'« ulimib in Loiulou, In nboufc to ontnblhili u liounu In Ac'lul ulilti, wltli n liuiul ollluu in Mulboimui, TIiIh Iiiih buon u lon«*uoHii)iiiptiitml itkop, nnil tlui pvununt iloobilim Imh buun Imntonuil by lottimi from Important vljtiummsi In Autili'iiliii. \Vit,r,iAM I,, klin Into lOinpot'oi' ol! (larniuny, wmi In kiiu hiiblk of kIvImk Ihi'ko munii of nionoy to bin fitvoiirltti iloulor tn liuop libit nlWo. lib* nnoontor li'rutlorlolc llM " tlui hti'iiiilnnk of moilot'li Hokltoifi," wan n porfoot nlnlii iim nigiii'dii ibiiith, *' Tlio IInunt, tiny ol' (iiki'h llfn," lui wan iiootiMkuiitoil tu nny, " In tl\n itny tlmfc unn lunvim It," Mr. John Sundercombc, junior, of st, a native of Australia, lias during tho Inst fes'V dovotod his attention to tho " land boom" wii^ successful results. From transactions amouni;, quarter of a million sterling ho has nottchj like £50,000 profit,and still holds about i*2r,o,r», I of city and suburban property. I'.hbs Honorable 'William M'Oulloah, Melbourne on Wednesday in the M.M, ,i Oceanian, on a visit to Europe. Mr, M'Culloci,' 1 to bo bnak in time to tako his sent in tho I,qJ Oounoil on the reassembling of Parliament, SICWOR Tossoro, who lntoly loft Molhonr, Europe for tho purposo of ongagltig a Ftenchc--, Ootnpany to appear at tho Freemason's Hull, p street, in May, has suoaoedod In his mission, v.i ] formed a company including sovoral artists who' .been associated-with Mindanao Sarah Bernhnnlt DR. Rublo, a native of Sydney, has bocnnpp to tho editorial ohalr of the London Jimiiy) Some years siuae Dr. Ruble forsook tho msfaiJ fession for that of journalism and joined the mil the paper of whiah bo has now become editor, ml ing Mr*. Frank Harris. Dr, Ruble Is a 9on 01)1:1 J, Rubio of Sydney. Mr. H. H, Browne, of Park-straot, South i| bourne, asks me to stato that "Sir llogor Tichfcml tho olalmnut, Is about to bo victorious, as him: J bore-opened in the English Law Courts," wba'J portaut evldonao oolleotod by Mr, BvownolnAM.il will be given, and whloh will ostnbllsh tho fi;i:| the olalmant Is tho rightful Sir Roger," A'oim I Many Happy Bhtukks of the .day, On Friday, Maroh 2D,—To Mr, Frauds T,o Vte; District Secretary A,0,F„ born 181l>, Tj! Rev, Ralph Brown, born 1813. To Mf.dK Honry Male Addlaon, arohltoot, born ISV, Mr, fflmahucl Sydney Baphaal, solicitor! 185D, Ok Saturday, Mnvoh 2-1,—To Mr, Willlnm J,?., Woods' Point, born 1321, To Mr,(to Adolpho Lo Boy, born 18)30, To Mr, O Meredith I'oyntor, (Qoolong) born 1830. Ok Snndny, Mnroh 25,—To Mr. Uobort Calln born 1815, To Dr, Jolin Dunbar T,(wh born 181(1, To the Rev, Thomas \\\'ool«:P joant, born 1821. To Mr, Aloxatulor Mniili' Mount Almoamler Mall, born 182.", T>1 •fames Cllarlco ,T,P„ born 18)18, To Mr, Ju Ityan, Ma()'ra Sjmo tutor, born 1H11H, In' llov, Jamoa Ifargravo Alphonao InjfWN' Amuucl) born 1817. To Mr, Homy .Wf Somcr, (Tnturn) born 1800. To Mr. ^1 ■HIrd, A71more Atlvt'rtAw, bom 1800, On Monday, Mnrnli 27,—To Mr, Law OUIHcW" born 1021), To Mr. Hubert Mtutcu M solicitor, born 1801, To tho Hov. I'M' Honry tUwno, born (810. To Mr, 1||! I'liil 1 jpH, (HUwoll) born .1811, To Mr. IHUroy du r.iUHlKiuiii, Mnnlc Miiiiftlfor, 'l<:l born 1812. To Mr. Dnnlol On rot) mi 8, / On Tuumluy, Mnt'oli 2H,—To tho Hon, 8lr M*! John Olnrlco, llirt,, born 18(11. To Mr.J' Ourrlo, born I HMO, To Mr, l'khviuil 'h I'rlunUy, .1,1',, born 18(11, To tho Hon, ^ It'ollx Luvlun, M, (',, born 1810, On Wudmwday, Muroh 21),—To tho Hon. M'1, Uobiirtmm, (Ooluo) liorn I HMD. To Mr,,I"* Dunn, ON Tlmrmlivy, Muroh 110,—To tho Hon, 8lr^ Lotlmor, Minister ol' Dolowio, born lsl1, , Mr, All'rcitl itluhurd Outtrlnb AM',, ,)Uf" To Mr, Ulinrlim .liiinon Uoblnwon, M,l,„ ^ IHii!!, Tii Mr, John I'T'odorlolc CI|l»bln^, JJj toot, 'J'o Mr, lllolmrdmii Tnrvm', C'"" lion nui.) !'ll; 