BjfOKTING NOTES' I By "Newmarket." i In the early part of the forenoon on | Saturday last the prospect of fine weather for I the Sieeplecba-e Meeting of the Victoria I Amatenr Tnrf Club were uf anything but of a I reassuring character. Fortunately, however, I as the day wore oo, the threatened visitation I of rain cleared off, and tbe afternoon turned I out to be a charming spring one Thk coupled I with the attraction of a capital programme, I had the effect of inducing a large attendance I of spectators — and it ie quite within ti» I margin to say that there were fully 14,000 I epectators present. The Railway Department I had evidently made a miscalculation as to the number of persons that were likely to be I present-, and throng a (he insufficient number I of carriages at tbe 1251 and 12 55 traits I hundreds of persons were left behind on tbe I Flinder street platform, and thus mined I Beeing the first race, which was fixed for half- I past 1 o'clock, This waB a very annoying I circumstance to thoBS persons who were I anxious to see the two-year olds perform, and I it also sayB very little for the foresight of the I gentleman who is responsible for tbe 1 c in akin? I up" of the trains. Hadtwioe the number oi I carriages been put on at the 12 51 train it I would hardly have sufficed to cany ue I intending spectators to Caulfield, and it ii I devoutly to be hoped that the Railway Con- mtsBioner will not fall into a similar eon I when the Men tone, and race meetings oil similar pretentious character are on tbe ttrit As is invariably the case at Caulfield, tbi management was almoBt faultleBi, the efforti of Mr Bond towards euch a desirable coa summation, being ably seconded by Mwert Henry, Miles, and their Btaff of assistante. As indicated above, the racing was initiated with tbe Sapling Strikes, and early though it is in the season, no less than duske youngsterB sported silk for the century. Con- sequent upon the form he showed at ntwri Valley on the previous Saturday, Prince w. sort, a neat-looking son of Richmond, Queen Consort, was made a pretty doi favourite, but not a few pinned thew fti» upon The Flower, who claimB tbe lmpow? horse Bras-de Fer aB her sire rnd Caoei» as her dam. Before the betting jL real earnest, however, it began to he D ' pered about that Mr Donovan, who won Melbourne Cup with Dunlop, possmmo real good colt in Montalto, and at ®i he was backed to win a gd , Blake- . general rule youngsters are always ow getting away, and thuB it was not ear co see that a bad start took Sapling, ' Prince Consort and The , being let c at the post, while Trayelle Epi had considerably ths best of it. H long from home Epi appeared to haveap fl good mortgage on the stake, but ; kww H was challenged by Montalto, and to s, was pressed very closely by Pncce »bo was twice blocked m the H Dmovana colt won, with a little The winner waa bred at t e m atud by Sir Thomas E der, Bl»' H gat from Romuia, who, it #i« , jjj. H bered, ran second to The Pesri 0' Hj bourne Cup, and who 16 . odbi. H of that well-known performer, H Mr. Donovan purchased the colt last, at the sale of the MrpbttviUey h lor tbe sum of 3S5 guineas, aod as H that ie likely to improve ffltb j'uigootW' H van will have no reason to regie _ jjcf H Still it must , not be oier ooked . H ConBort had all the woist yf 'bt. being blocked a couple of tlQ36® J be riso and as. like his sire, Richmond, he H| elow beginner, it is hard to perf $8 B coUs will prove the bet er, w field" meet over five furlongB of 0B6 dj ten could not be called a _ a „n£jgCnie Hurdle Race, seeing that h3 h of L300 wi« added to the stak » amongst the half » ®ocrd some of out best hurdle 'egatdBS H i very little betting, that is wgg in Recall and Deeoy. The fbrm yo very pink of condition ehd ry Boolka appeared to Hon, , The backets of out of theirsuBpense as when quickly evidentthat ju P forteT His waa nearly down opposite thefotand.aiso at tb the bRl 'and Hicugh he vhowea tmtweea the obstaclw, » great race all the way, but Obestef jj. ae»d settled at the distance, Lsioy »o " Btrttagled borne very gamely, aodtbo?fJ Lnat the end by, bothLeroyand be v®3 first-named thus making some imadsnV" ba dieappointment his owner amend8 »J ba wa8 be&tea; by Fcolio at goBtaio®!1 Caulfisld meeting. Backers of 3 preyio , hey ad a real " dead bird" br&Sr; for tba Selling Race, and in Vifhflir dollars down so freely tbat at planked®® - freely invested upon him the la8 feff backers who remembered that bi,e o ,ma had shown some form when run- jest Master John took 3's to 1 about his sing aB who did so had no reason to ob8n08A«r i artS'-meot, as he ran a dead heat regw® fa,- -rite Whisperer, for first place. ilbi-.v«rc of Whisperer were thua in a very oredicas'ent, as having laid 3 to 1 h»av were bound to be out of pocket if oa Ttrnprfl agreed to divide. They, however, the ran it off! ftnd as ifc waa generally agr®6®. fc-nat; Moore had held Peter Bums tb0 Uv!Ln the odds of 3 to 1 were again laid SwhiBP"- Peter Burnp', kevert made 0 nose a winning one, and had very little ®fi'JnL ia stalling off the favourite's, rush at u finish 'rbe eelliog part of the race was 1 Jaw interesting one to the club, as both of 5, ; J! a(j- heaters being entered to be sold for -i coffers of the club were benefited to 5?fl extent of £250, Peter Barns having been ?J5iat»d for £100, and Whisperer, who Ks claimed by Mr B. Weekes, the Sian horse - buyer, bought m for £150. T&adlSBB; to tbftC Wlth 8ii h6r .8feeadier iV«tl21b Ruby waa an immense favourite for tbeS/eeptecbaee, but EUerelieand Eaglet, who were fairly thrown in, had also many oflmi-ers. In fact, moBt good judges thought !!dt bat for a fall Elleslie could hardly lose the race. Mr. Dakin had Royal Oak looking «erc well, bet the big bay was badly used, as Lnnared with Ruby and the pair above named and though Mr. Dakin thought he might straggle into a place, his chance waa MRtfded as a very outside one. Mernder was in blooming condition, and as Promotion one b aid to have cleaned out the Ball&rat; divi- sion he had a select following, especially when it bflcam6 known that he would be steered by Ocrrigan. The favourite's chance was scon pat out, bb the mare took off too far at the fog fence opposite the stand, and came down. Scobie was quickly in the saddle again, but seeing that the field had got too far away from him for Ruby to havo ; any cbance of catching them he very sensibly j took tbe mare into the saddling paddock , cg&io.; Strangely enough. Ruby came down st tbe same fence where she fell last year, when bet joskey, T. Williams was unfortu nately kilted, but upon this occasion Scobie was more fortunate, a?, beyond a severe efeaklaj, be was none the worse for his fall, I Tbe next to come to grie? was Royal Oak, who fell at the post-and-rail f nee near the straight the second time roun, and unfor tunately also brought down Ellerslie. After this Cariosity, who had been making the miming with Mernder for upwards of two miles, came down at the top of tbe hill the last rime whera Promotion alao blundered and put himself out of the raoe. Thus a mile from home Eagle, Mernder, and the Tasma- niac Beadsman 11. was the only ones left in the jaoe with any chance of winning, but the last named when full of running; came down at the hat fence, and the issue was thus con fined to Mr. Miller's pair—Eaglet and Mernder. Tbe latter was kept going up the straight, but he never got on terms with his stable com- ' p&aioD;, Eaglet who cantered home the easiest of easy winners— furnishing another proof of the abmrdiiy of the handicapper throwing in a good performer on tbe flat or over the little sticks >n a Steeplechase, auparectly upon the assumption that ho might not be able to negotiate the big jumps. To my thinking the fact that an owner enters his &0T69 for a Steeplecbaae is a proof that he believes his horse can jump, otherwise he would not waste his money by nom inating him, and what is infinitely of far more importance, risk the life and limbs of the jockey entrusted with the task of riding him. It is not easy to say where Ruby and Royal Oak would have finished had all gone well with them ; but, seeing that Mernder was fairly outpaced in the run home, it is evident that neither of the others coald have had the ghost of a chance with Eaglet. Had Ellerslie stood up we should have witnessed a great race between him and Eaglet but fate ordained otherwise, and thus Mr Miller bad the pleasure of capturing first and second money, Kestrel cantering in third any distance in rear of them. Beadsman H, ran well until he put his chance out at the last fence, but Promotion jumped badly, and the severity Gf the pace told its tale upon I Curiosity before he parted company with his rider. Seventeen jockeys weighed out for the Balaclava Stake?, a flittering proof of the satisfactory manner in which Mr Barnard had manipulated the weights. Strife, Teuton and Straight Shot had tbe call in the betting, and the first-named flattered the hopes of his backers by cutting out the run ning for ths beet part of tbe journey. Two hundred yards or so from home apparently saw the leEgth of his tether, and Teuton cln8 fith a wet sail at the finish, disposed o. hiaa without an effort, and won cleverly by a length ; but it was subsequently agcer I tamed that Strife had broken his saddle I th f 1p. fcr mishap it waB thought I ;Pat would hwe more than stretched I I , Deck, I fie winter. Sumatra ran well, I C1;5'a ,c:; g?-t any nearer than third; I C5tra':2fi,t Shot, of whom great things K Ba? e/F'.cred, was never dangerous at any I won.' ra2? This brought tbe after- I WftflVi,f£CiDg. a cl0«®. atid though' there I ' riEfi to gst into the railway I fcn»- -ae usio«ty of people returned to I ® y fi5eas'-fi with the sport which. I Ocsq provided for their delectation. I i.% Jarnes White haR sold Phil Athol I sstiaw " Bowman, of Queensland at a I to i re' Bail Athol was thought I jean f /'rrby caDdidate a couple of I tna:nic ' . 1 a5jcy the assumption was I fia a e. act at be waB flkeiy I R i r k h B I 'l1? " a v e ' ever-formidable I iuNs"ur8 6l Athoi, who was foaled I "» 58 b' I ?Sa5.d re'. Eoneer, bf I Ratines fa, A?,.ESftr8aa| by Hibernitm' "" I 'hoalflwi11 proOB that the judge at racea I appatatns V? eiautaneous photographing I desalt at fha 16 ' wb'cb would record the I it. ® .m?, ®omeiat that his eye I ! ? to himself . The one I ; T>JJ?:i0hQ the other. Atonch I HudutoL toBtantaueous record. I ff aQttc/ced a 8od attendance on I avetogp the racing was quite up to ? eHvain Lbn ind'ff®rent lo , , H«d.e Race, Capping I ? JOdonSi Revenge third. Kew Bad I Tfie for 18 2 pooiee, I Wllgijf ttstang being third. Tte :: m powes 14 fori M under, fell to Czarina, who defeated Moll? 1 haW a doz9n others. Major ?a ® the funds a welcome turn by aPDroDriat- Sl fSiBP03al Stake8 from Faccy and Gay- otv T J If.??" huugbt in for 100 eovs. Svy w r M cJ8lmed aatl knocked down to StafcJfJ! ?gn r 1S>1 « The Singapore n - 93Zer Surveyor being second P?5!n tyrd< Toe Hurlingbam Handi cap fell to Julian Gray, with Rich Ruby Sfri th?? k - third. Botheram i pulled through in tne Exhibition Handicap. ' place688 Bady Baker for second Tf aaf,er' , wk won the Hurdle Race at «-OBe HtH the other day, was steered by George Mason, who made bis re-appearance in the saddle after a twelve mouths enforced absence, occasioned through a fall with lnvictue in a hurdle race at Raudwick. Nominations will close at 100 Bourke street WeIt ou the lQaagaral Stakes, Hurdle Race, Y Handicap, in connection with the Mentone Racing Club. 