Brevities^ Another 'WMtechapel murder. No claetothe murderer and no arrest made. If Germany increases her navy the French Minister of Marine says Prance will do likewise. Great Britain is waking np to the deficiencies of her naval armaments. The defence of Mel bourne is aiso oemg proviaea ior. Pluin-clothes Constable Midolo, while on daty in the Treasury Gardens, Melbourne, on Friday night, was shot at fey a man named Johann Gottleeb Schubert. The latter was promptly arrested. 146,802 bales of wool have been exported from Newcastle and Sydney since July 1, being an increase of G0,144 bales on the same period of last year. It . is not yet certain -whether the Newcastle miners will resume work, as was expected, on be settled which may delay the ? resumption of operations. Sir Thomas M'lbraith's yacht Harriett; Ann won the Bramble Bay Cnp, at a regatta in Moreton Bay, yesterday. E.M.S. Britannia left for London this morn inor. The barque Iron Duke, which was ashore at Qaeenscliffj.has been safely floated. The Amateur Canvas Dingey Club have a race for Dr. Marano's trophy this afternoon. It was noticeable that none of the ships of war were dressed yesterday in honor of the birthday. E.M.S. Ormnz to arrive from London on Monday. The Prince of Wales birthday was kept as a public holiday in Brisbane, Adelaide, and Hobart. The Newcastle agreement will, according to present arrangements, be signed on Monday, but it ia not expected that work will be in fall swing before Wednesday or Thursday. The question of a Harbor Trnst for Towaeville was considered yesterday, bat no definite decision was arrived at. Mr. James Golden, who was engaged in drag ging for the bodies of the two young inen,N ettleton and Bardsley, who were drowned yesterday near the Glebelsland bridge, was successful in recover ing the second body, that of Thomas Nettleton, and afterwards handed it over to the Water Police. ~ ' A thunderstorm occurred at Croydon (Q.) on Thursday night. Splendid rain fell for three hours. The majority of mills will commence crashing forthwith. Friday was observed as a close holiday at Bris bane, and the various sports and amusements passed off successfully. Lord Carrington on Friday visited the Masonic Club, Melbourne. Sir William Clarke, president, occupied the chair. His Excellency's health was drunk with great cordiality. At the quarterly meeting of the Melbourne Municipal Council on Friday, Alderman Benjamin was sworn in as Mayor for the year i88S-9. The cereal crops in the Sandhurst district are likely to be a comparative failure owing to tbe want of rain. The Governor of Victoria gave a party at Government House on Friday night. About 1500 guests were present, including Lord Car rington, Sir W. C. F. Robinson, and Lord Hastings. The attendance at the Melbourne Exhibition oh. Friday numbered 28,221. . Wi- G. IVTiln. the American tr&trefli;&n.; has been playing in ' Eichard III.' to large audiences at the' Opera House, Brisbane, all this week. Through a boating accident at Beaumerris, near Slentone (Vic), on Friday, Mr. L. Melton, aged 24, an architect, was drowned. Owing to the non-arrival of Miss Adelaide Detcaon's wardrobe, properties, and musical paraphernalia, ker entertainment, which was advertised for last evening, was unavoidably -postponed till this evening. Considerable disappointment was felt by those who assembled at the T.M.CA. Sail for the purpose of hearing her. The situation at Sttakim is getting critical. Reinforcements are required. Mr. Goschen, British Chancellor of the Ex chequer, will not decrease the Eoyalty payable by Mr. Pritchard Morgan, the Welsh goldminer. It is alleged that a second attempt was made on Thursday to fire rhe town of Broken HilL A pile of shavings,- chips, and other combustibles were get together close to Coombes's timber yard, ana sec nre to. xne cuaze was discovered w-cune and extinguished. A dealer named Laurence English, 60, residing at 92, Sussex-street,, was admitted to the Sydney Hospital last evening by Dr. T. J. Henry, with a bruised leg. The patient was brought in by Constable Nolan, of No. 1 station, who stated that he was run over by acab ir*. Barrack-street. John Vivian, oh a charge of stealing miscel laneous articles to the value of £5, the property of George Thompson, was in the W-P.C, to-day, remanded till next Thursday. At the W.P.C. to-day, William Thomas, on a charge of assaulting Alexander Chudleigh and robbing him of a silver chain andfa purse contain ing £1 18b in money, total value £3 9s, was re manded till next; Wednesday. Hugh M'Hugh and John Bolandftyonths of the geaus larrikin, were, in the W.P.C. to-day, each, ordered to T-av£15, or in default six months' gaol, for maliciously damaging property, value £o 10s, the property of Thomas Keihone. The same youths were each fined £5, or three months; for using filthy language, in Cook-street;- sen tences cumulative. - Robert Lovett, charged with assaulting Special constable Sherlock whilst in the execntion of bis duty, was, at the W.P.C. to-day, remanded till next Tuesday. Bail allowed, sell in £20 and one surety in JS20. .-.- A cashier named Ernest Creber, 20, residing at Nd. 7, Upton-street, Surry Hills, was knocked down by & cart in George-street, near the railway station, last evening. He was admitted to the Sydney Hospital by.Dr. T. C. Fisher, suffering from concussion of the brain. . - ? : On a charge of deserting his wife Amelia, and leaving her without means of support, William Henry Wilson, was, at the W.P.C. to-day, re manded till next Wednesday. Bail granted, self ? in £40, and one surety in £40. B.M.S. Zealandia, from San Francisco for. Sydney, arrived at Auckland this morning. . . A prisomerin Darlinghurst Gaol named Bridget '.? Lewis died in the gaol hospital yesterday after noon. ? ?' ? '' ' ?- ?:''?! The ship Sir Walter Ealeighleffc for London this morning. \ ? ' K In? the O.P.C. to-day Charlotte Thomas, for being an idle and disorderly person having no visible means of support, was sentenced to three months' hard labor. . At the C.P.C. this morning Wm. Davis, de scribed as a dealer, was charged with assaulting John Nieman, for which he received one months* gaoL On a farther charge of having two fowls in his possession supposed to have been stolen, he received an additional two months' imprison ment. 'Thos. Murphy annexed a piece oi smoked pig, which- was the property of Samnel Caines, and was sentenced to four months' hard labor at the Central Police Court this morning. A rifle dab has been formed, at Dnbbo. The R.M.S. Austral left Melbourne yesterday with a full cargo of wool, frozen mutton, pre served meats, &-?., and £40,000 in specie. The JK.M.S. Zealandia, from San Francisco, arrived at Auckland to-day. The passenger traffic collected at Spencer street railway station, Melbourne, on Friday, amounted to £5388 18s 7d. The E.M.S. Ormnz leaves Melbourne for Sydney at 7 o'clock this evening. She was de tained in order to allow intending, passengers to to see the racing carnival out. Four large buildings in Williamstown (Vic.) were damaged by fire on JTriday night to the extent of JS5O0O. A heavy squall on Friday night drove the barque Iron Dnke off the sand bank at Queens cliff (Vic.) She is now anchored in the channel. A railway engine-driver named James Blake, aged 25, fell off his engine while bringing a train from Mentone (Vic.) to Melbourne last evening:. He was admitted to the hospital in a precarious condition. The Ulawarra line was largely patronised yes terday ; Kogarah, Como, Sutherland, and Water fall being the chief sources of attraction. It is estimated that over 4000 passengers were booked from tie terminus. A temporary block to tram traffic was caused at Eogarah yesterday by two cars getting off the line. The obstruction necessitated the whole of the through trafne being arranged on the single line at that station. The Baptist Church, Newtown, will be elabor ately decorated to-morrow with flowers and pot plants, it beixg the occasion of the Sixth Annual Floral and Harvest Festival. The decorations will -be carried out under the direction of Mr. Ralph Blancbard. I A horse got in front of the 6.30 train at Clifton i Station, on Friday evening, and was seriously | injured. The sports st Kiama on Friday were a great snecess. Owing to the frequency of drunken quarrels and disgnsting sights usually to be seen at public picnics — as in the case at Chowder Bay yesterday — it is evident that at these places more police protection is sadly needed. Fully 1S00 jjeople attended the family picnic given after fbie American style at Chowder Bay yesterday afternoon, and, judging by tbe way in which the people enjoyed themselves, the ' Yankee' fashion will in future be very popular. At tbe Wiiliamstowm (Vic.) races on Friday, the Hurdle Eace was won by The Acorn, the Trnganisa Stakes by Mercury, the Telegraph Stakes by True, the William stown Cnp by Mara, the Steeplechase by Robin Hood, and the Prince of Wales Stakes by Wyvis. . During yesterday a great number of people visited Loag Bay, La Peronee, and Little Bay, many of whom camped at one or other of these pretty spots, where they will remain until Mon day. At the last meeting of the North Botany Coun cil- Alderman Sparkes drew attention to the need of extra police protection ror tne Dorougn. He thought that they had not sufficient con stables, in the district, and moved that the Inspector-General be written to on the matter. The motion was agreed to. The .holiday on Friday was celebrated at Gundagai by a rifle match between Gundagai aad Narandera rifle companies. The event was won by Gundagai. ' Eeal Detective Stories : Leaves from a chief constable's notebook.' An amusing sketch en titled, 'How I watched the wine samplers' is begun in this week's Town and Countbt Joue Two champion Australian marksmen : Portraits and biographies of Private G. Eeevers and Lieu tenant Si. Keating, of Sydney, appear in this week's Town and Country Journal. . The isatnurst up special passenger tram arrived at Redfern at G.40 a.m., or 3S minutes late, yester day. The northern up passenger train arrived at Eedfern at 3 p.m. yesterday, being 15 minutes ! late. The southern up special passenger train yester day arrived at Redfern at 7.22 a.m., being 20 min- j ntes late. ) The southern up express train yesterday arrived at Redfern at 12.5 p.m., being three minutes behind time. The first and second divisions of the Melbourne special train arrived at Eedfern at 2.33 and 2.43 p.m. respectively, being three hours and seven minutes behind 'time. Thepsssenger traffic from Eedfern Station yes terday was enormously heavy. It is estimated that two thousand more people travelled than on any previous occasion. The approximate number of tickets, including returns, issued from Eedfern yesterday was 22,000. Over 1400 people travelled by the northern trains to Eyde yesterday. The Eosehill races yesterday attracted an exceptionally large number of visitors, the rail way appliances being taxed to their utmost. It is estimated that 4300 people travelled on the southern suburban trains yesterday. Worth reading : Hints to Cricketers (illustrated) in this week's Town and Country Joubxaz.. Written by an acknowledged authority oa Aus tralia's favorite game. The 'Ladies Pages'' of the Town and Cottn tet Journal contain the latest notes and illus trations connected with fashionable and domestic ' life in Australia and the old country. A meeting of the Sheepshearers' Association was held at Cooma on Thursday, when a pro posal to shear under the Young and Lachlan rules was rejected. The Governor is expected in Sydney early to morrow. Yesterday a monument to the late Dr. Herbert Cortis was unveiled in the Church of England Cemetery, Bathurst. Tamworth was lighted by electricity last night for the first-time. A little boy fell into the harbor from the ferry steamer Wallaby yesterday afternoon, and was rescued by afireman named Thomas Taylor. The principal end and aim of most of oar Aus tralasian bishops in visiting the old country would appear to be the augmentation of their wages. ? My Lord Brisbane now only wants .£8000 fora* assistant and £4000 for himself. His modesty is to be commended, as others would ask for more if they thought they had only a ghost of a chance of getting it. Maud Cohen and Ada Walker were, in the W.P.C. to-day, each sentenced to one month hard labor, for having insufficient visible lawful means of support. Tho only watch that will come into ueccrar use in Australia will be the ' Wanderer.' For the season that Tj&gEetter;*s have Beamed natents in its con struction that render it a most valuable timekeeper. No gentlemen need be chary of carrying it. Price, 153.-75. Mudiman's Uniform Suits BpscialitieB. 154, Eing Etreet. Newtown.— 50. ?' A' Card.— Painless sad perfect dentistry. Com plete seta (upper and lower) of pold medal artificial teeth, £5. Only address, 3Or. J. I. Marshall, dentist, 410, Goorge-Eiireet, near King-et. \- Oar readers should visit S. Whiddon'a, Pitt-street or Oxford-street, for best boots, cheapest boots, aad bsstattention.— 4.' ' . Tattersall's Monster ConKultatioD.— Sir Joseph Banks Gold Cap, ran Botany December 10 to 15. - 10,000 subs, 20s each. Now open and fillinp rapidly. Ajiplv Tattersall, care Geo. Adams, Tattertsall's .Cittb, Pitt-Btreot.— 63. Fotjij Language.— F. H. writes denying that any foul language is used by members of crews belongiag to the Dauble Bay Club, and a severe ?fine is always imposed on any member so mis behaving. He says, however, that there are & set of larrikins who congregate on the beach or on the wharf, and whose conduct is sometimes very bad. - He thinks, however, they ought not to be mistaken for members oE the club, and the police should do their duty by putting a stop to she latrikiaism. - - 