CURRENT TOPICS. On Saturday evening the following memo. was received at the local Telegraph offioo from Port Darwin:-"October 13, 535 p.m.-Just got ship, who says cable parted last night, now going to buoy, and pay out from there. Will be up to this buoy again about 10 o'clock to-night." Last evening another memo. was received announcing the restoration of the cable to Java, and this was followed by some of the European press cablegrams that have been delag/d at Banjoewaungie. TIsE Tasmanian portion of the English mails per R.M.S. Austral will leave Mel. bourne by the s.s. Pateena at 2 p.m. to-day. The R.M.S. Ballaarat, with English mails to September 15 on board, arrived at Albany yesterday. She should reach Ade laide on Wednesday, and there is therefore a probability of the Tasmanian portion being brought over by the s.c. Flinders, which is due on Friday next.' NOTWITnSTANDING theperemptoryaction of the Health Officer, Dr. Maddox, in order ing a continuation of isolation at the house of the Goodluck's, because of the appear ance of alleged small-pox symptoms on the face of an adult member of the family, it is being stoutly questioned by influential members of the medical profession as to whether the disease is really small-pox. Why cannot this matter be once and for all set at rest ? There are several reasons why the public place little faith in the medical conclusions already given. Surely the opportunity should at once be taken of inviting a conference of independent ex perienced medical men to determine the disease ? The Local Board of Health is in curring a frave responsibility in shutting off a large family from the duties of life for so long a period, and which, to say the least, is becoming an irritating and serious matter to the inmates themselves. A nREULAR meeting of St. Andrew's Loyal Arch Chapter, No. 179 S.C., will be held at the Masonic Hall at 7'30; o'clock this evening, when visiting brethren are invited, W' hayv besh favostrel. by Mr. Gceorge Pullen with the following interesting to reminiscences:--"Referring to a local n d your Saturday's issue, you state, on the N authority of anold colonist, that the Rev. tl F. Miller was the first Congregational ii minister in these colonies, having estab- si lished a church in Hobart Town in 1824. u This is an error. Mr. Miller arrived at o Hobart Town on or about the year 1832. 1 In that year the first Independent Chapel a -ilow the litmdrial Schdol'rodm in ris-t bano-street, ?fobart--.*ai csiimeiicedt and I on Good Friday, 1833 (April 1 was the h date; I believe), it.was formally opened by I the Bev, Arcpiyald Macicpthtf ; ,then e Presbyterian minister at Hobafr Tdwn, 0 who preached a masterly sermon from II. d Cor. ix, 16. This building was erected by k the late Henry Hopkins, Esq., whose r munificent liberality in aid of this and, c indeed, all religious movemonts of the t time was well known and appirclatid As e amatter of date, the introduction of Con- I gregationalism into the parent colony and I V.D. Land would appear to synchroniso.e. Some incidents in my boyish life at that i period throwing me into connection with I the facts and persons have served tofix the 1 dates in my msinoryj and I should be very much sursiriscd if these were atlccesaetelly contradicted." AT the Temperatice ?c i oei Saturday I eveniing the weekly entertaismerit Ih don nection with the Gosppl Temperance I Mission was givel, and was no usuail well attended. The Rev. J. Lyle occuipied the chair, and gave an interesting address. Mr. Andrew Reid sang " The Englishman" in splendid style, and a duet by bliss Clarke and Mr. Jordan was an enjoyable item. In addition, addresses were given by Messrs. Bablngton and Geo, Hills I song by Miil Slighthome) and recitations by Mrs. Harrisbn and Messrs. Aidroef and Johnstod., AT a meeting held at Rosevear's on the 8th inst. it was decided to hold the annual West Tamar Regatta on Boxing Day. The following committee were appointed :- Messrs. S. Gaunt, H. Jones, J. Atkinson, John Plummer, Edward Rosevear, C. Grifliths, P. C. Woetman, A. Plummer, F. H. Grifliths, Captain W. Maddon, Henry Rosevear, Edward Gaunt, and Rev. S. Hart; Mr. F. H. Griffiths, secretary; Mr. A. Plummer, treasurer; and Mr. J. King, starter. Tnn sitting magistrates at the Laun ceston Police Court on Saturday (Messrs. G. W. Waterhouse, P.M:, sand C. Kent, J.P.) granted permiSSion to John Allan, late of Brothers' Home, to sell liquurs at the Park Hotel, Inveresk, under the license held by the late James Ley until next licensing meeting. "M?r?nrx by special act of Parlia ment." Part of the valedictory business of the British Parliament in August was to hurry through a bill to render valid some marriages which had beein performed in suffolk by a "Reverend" Mr;: . W. Ellis, who forged a bishop's "letters of orders" and passed himself off as a true divine, and was convicted of felony accord ingly. The leader of theHouse, the Right Hon. W. H. Smith, justified the legislative haste by stating the House "must not allow the brides and bridegrooms whom Mr. Ellis victimised" to remain in suspense one moment longer than we can avoid." Accordingly the bill was hurried on, and the couples were married by special act of Parliament. FRnox a home paper we learn that when the wealthy distiller who built the Presby terian Church in Belfast, Ireland (referred to recently by Canon Wilberforce as a scandal of the Church), lay dying, the Moderator of the General Assembly then in session, took occasion to speak against the liquor traffic. The dyiag distiller on hearing this sent for his lawyer, and added a clause to his will revoking £50,000 which he had left to the Irish Presbyterian Church. b CONSTABLE CHARnLE? LESLIE of the 1 Territorial Police, stationed at West f Tamar, reported that an accident happened on the West Tamar-road on Friday, by Swhich one of the horses in the mail brake to Beaconsfield broke one of his hind legs. The horse stumbled and fell when opposite Mr. Gunn'eresidence, Sunnyside, breaking the pole of the conveyance. The horse, which was a valuable one, had to be shot. A RACE under the auspices of the Launceston Homing Pigeon Society for the Vice-Presidents' Cup, presented by Messrs. Wm. Aldred and T. J. Mathews, came off on Saturday morning over the championship course from Bridgewater. All of the 11 birds entered went to the poest, being liberated at 7 a.m., by Mr. John Cooley. Pilot started favourite, while Welcome Home and First City were both well supported. Shortly after 9 o'clock a large number of persons assem bled at Bonser's Hotel to witness the Sfiish, which was expected to bea close one, and se it proved to be. The first bird to arrive was Faugh-a-ballagh, followed by Pilot, Banjo, Ensign, Nordenfeldt, and Diamond, they all being very close to gether. After waiting some time no others arrived, so the committee retired to make up the time allowances. Whilst they were thus engaged great excitement t prevailed as to which would be the winner, and shortly after Mr. Win. Aldred came I forward and read the result as follows: t Mr. A. Coningsby's Pilot, 2hr 38min 3isee, 1; Mr. F. Crosby's Faugh-a-ballagh, 2he 89min less, 2; Messes. King and Griffith's Diamond, 2h 39mSin 28see, 3; Mesars. J. and A. Norman's Nordenfeldt, 2hr 39min 54see, 4; Mr. F. Crosby's Banjo, 2hr 41min 26seo,5; Messrs. Aldred and Quinn ns Ensign, 2hr 41min 38see,6. The winner isa fine specimen of the Antwerp class, and was bred by Mr. Thos. H. Williamts. This is his third cup victory, which proves him to be a first-class bird. ON Saturday afternoon the rowing season of the Tamar Rowing Club was opened, when the Scratch Fours were I rowed for. The afternoon was beautifully fine, and the water was most suitable for rowing. Mr. G. Gow acted as starter, and I Mr. B. P.Farrelly as judge. The first heat Swas between A. E. Baird, A. E. Croft, A. r M'Donald, J. Parker (stroke), Anderson (cox.); and G. Adams, A. Spotswood, H. Ellis, G. Cragg (strokoe, Fulton (cox.). Both crews got away to a good start. Before the bar was reached Cragg' crew had a slight lead, but Parker's crew gradually overhauled them, and won a good race by a bare length. The secand heat was between A. Goodall, T. Stanwin, H. Gow, J. Coogan (stroke), Keen (cox.); and H. C. West, G. Wilkins, Frank Deane, H. Hudson (stroke), Davis (cox.). Coegan's crew got [away with the best of the start, and soon got a comfortable lead, eventually winning by a couple of lengths. The third heat was between J. Meyers, A. Watts, P. Vaughan, W. Hill (stroke), Fulton (con.) ; and J. Whitehead, P. C. Weetman, L. Webster, J. Atkinson (stroke), Anderson (cox.). This waslooked upon as the race of the day, but when half way to the finish Atkinson's crew went to the front, and won by-a bare length. The first ties between J. Parker's and J. I Coogan's crews resulted in a good 'ace, but Coogan's crew came away and won comfort ably by a couple of lengths. The final heat between J. Coogan's and J. Atkinson's crews will be rowed this evening, when a good race is expected. A?r the LaunOcSton Pohee Court on Saturday Mr. G. W. Waterhouse, P.M., presided. James Duffy was sent to gaol for a month for absconding from the Invalid Depot on Friday last.-Charles Barnes, aged 20, was remanded for a week for conveyance to St. Helen's on the charge of having used a pony and saddle and bridle without the consent of the owner, William F. Ferguson. Bail was allowed, himself in .£l00, and two sureties of £50 each. ON Saturday morning an accident occurred ontho Sandhill. Mr. W.Frenoh, of Glenore, was driving to town, when the horse shied at a load of brush, and swerved off the road,overturningthe cart. Mr.and Mrs. French and a daughter escaped with bruises, but the ether occupant of the vehicle, a young lady who is on a visit from Melbourne, had the misfortune to sustain a dislocatzon of the shoulder. The sufferer was subsequently attended to by Dr. Murphy, and is now doing as well as can be expected under the cireumstances. Tn'r cheap excursion train which started from the Launeston and Western station at 8130 a.m. yesterday for St. MIary's and intermediate stations on the Fingal line was well patronised bytownspeople anxious for a good day's outing in the country. The train reached town on the return ourney at 10 p.m, THE first of two lectures, supplemei4 r' to tihe course on prophetic subjects lately deliveredo in the class-room of the l?chania' Institute by an ovangelist of the Catholic Apostolio Church, was de livered in the same room ltst eventing, the subject being "A narrative of certeait ret markable spiritual events which hd occurred in the Church since the year 1830." The lecturercommencedby drawing attention to the remarkable phenomena of the great spiritual revival of this century. In its source and origin this revival must batLe ohe cause, viz., an operation ef God's Spiri+ in the Church. God is net the author of division and cnn(.radiction, but of unity i?nd pol?ee. but the effect of a spiritual work done by od in the midst of the Church, having for its object the restoration of unity, must at first be a reviddl of life in all sects and divisions, resulting in 3 the more intense conflict of the jvsere principles of those sects. Eacii feligioul institution persists in limiting God's action to the possibilities of its case; each expects to he accepted as it is. The lecturer then pirotahded to relate how that after long and eaanes t prayer to God had been made by numbers of faithful religious people of various denominations throughout Great Britain for the outpouring of the Holy Ghost upon the Church, the gifts of prophecy of speaking with unknown tongues, and of healing, were suddenly restored about the year 1880 among companies of persons uxnknoswn to ealch other in VaiioUs parts of Englanid add S6otland: that this had eventually issued it: men being called to the apostolic office, and bwith them prophets, evangelists, and pastors; that a testimony of the work thus commenced had been bcrne to the rulers in Church and State throughout Christendom about the year 1835, testifying to the near ness of the Lord's second advent, and to the f e}pration of the ancient ordinances of the=uh roh to prepare a people for His coming; that since then the work had sproad; and churches had been gathered in all the lands of Christendom among eish of all languages and races, who are abiding iii the apostles' doctrine, fellowship, breaking of bfetd ahd prayers, etc., waiting for the coming of the Lord. Notice was given that a final lecture would be delivered on Sunday evening next upon the subject of " The reconstitution of the Church; the body of Christ, and His bride in the fullness of her primal endowment; and the perfecting of every member a necessary work in these days. Ad the Tohen Park yesterday afternoon a sacred conceit 'iai gifefi by the St. Joseph's Band under the leadership of Mr. G. Harrison. Owing to the grass beds near the rotunda having recently received I a top-dressing the band was located near the fountain. There was a large attend I aunceo throughout the afternoon, and an I excellent programme of instrumental selec tions was rendered. Ox Saturdsi afternoon the usual fort nightly coursing meet of thb Tnipn Fox Terrier Club. was held at Newstead, there Sbeing a good attendance of spectators. The rabbits were strong and some excellent coursing was the result. In the Leger, 1 211b and under-first prize, .2; second, S10s-ten dogs competed, Mr. Munro's Carbine becoming the winner, with Mr. G. i Herder's pincher second. A sweep for S181b dogs was won by Mr. Coningsby's Roseleaf. Mr. Martin's Seaspray won the a greyhound stake, with Mr. Robinson's Lanoma runner-up. a the Mechanics' Institute this even a ing Mr. Oscar Balfe's grand drawing-room e entertainment takes place, and from the y manner in which tickets have been secured, k a full house is anticipated. A strong pro g gramme will be presented, comprising W. S S. Gilbert's drama, "Sweethearts;" an 1 elocutionary entertainment, during the course of which Mr. Balfo will render "One Christmas Night," "Bridge of e Sighs," and the "Night Before the Battle t of Waterloo." The entertainment will I conelude with the amusing comedy, "Cut y off with a shilling." The stage and pro e canium have been specially fitted up for s. the occasion, and a tastefully arranged a garden scene will be presented during the g performance of " Sweethearts." 3, Tan increase in the number of residents, ,e who have taken up abodes in the Travallyn suburb has been deemed a sufficient in ducement to place a special car on the r running between there aid town. The car y will leave Trinity Church corner at 1 p.m. daily, returning at 2 o'clock, also during e each afternoon at hours notified in the r. arranged time-table. o TnE annual meeting of the Mntual Fire Insurance Company will take place in the M, Mechanics' Institute to-morrow evening, commencing at 8 o'clock. g A BE~AONBFIELD correspondent, who s. evidently thinks "news will keep," for o wards the following additional particulars s, of a fire already referred to by our own o correspondent :--It appears that Miss Best y upset the lamp and set fire to the window d euritans, and the flames spread with such alarming rapidity that the inmates only o managed to save the organ and a few other o articles of furniture. Had it not been for t the intrepidity of Mr. London there is no t doubt the next house would also have been burned down. He mounted the roof of the e threatened building, and, almost in the midst of the flames, spread a number of wet blankets upon the shingles, and then s for upwards of 20 minutes continued to a pour water upon them. The building is r. uninsured, and great sympathy is felt for a the unfortunate family. n Fonoe a general order issued from the 5s headquarters' office we learn that new a efficiency badges are to be issued at ones to d the non-commissioned officers and men of the Tasmanian Defence Force. The dis tinction badges will show the number of years during which the recipients have ranked as efficient. Perhaps at the same time the marksmen's badges maybe issued, Sas it is some time since the class firing was completed. A FULL muster of the Nothern Defence Force takes place this evening. The Artillery will assemble in the drill-yard at 730, and afterwards proceed to a Slocality in the ontakirts of the town to take up a position for the defence of Launces ton. The members of the Rifle Regiment fall in at 7'45 o'clock, and subsequently will form the attacking party. A full attendance of officers and men is requosed. d ON Saturday evening the Skating Rink at the Pavilion, Town Park, was opened, when there was but a moderate attend nDwRINsC the past few days the weather has boon changeable. Saturday was very sultry, and in the evening a thunderstorm seemed imminent, but only a slight shower of rain fell. Yesterday there was a keen wind, and the evening was almost wintry. The cold, however, did not prevent a whip snake, over 10 inches in length, appearing in the vicinity of the Punch Bowl in the afternoon. At 6 p.m. on Saturday the height of the South Esk River at Avoca was 12ft Gin. SAs showing how the "land boom" business is raging in IMelbourne, the Age Spublishes a comparative table showing the Ssales of land up to this date last year, and Sthe sales up to.the;present date of this year. SIn the former case the sales amounted to a £1,788,792, and in the latter case to .813,407,0913. It is reported that two old residents of Castlemaine in the persons of Messrs. Nall, have been exceedingly lucky in land speculation recently, and have made a fortune of over .50,000. The Reov. Ralph Brown has netted .£18,000, and he is very liberal with it in his church work. A Facc" dress shating sarnival is announced to take place at the Montasute Hall, eaRley, this evening. A vsA meeting to celebrate the opening of a new organ will take place at Lawrence Vale to-morrow evencing. t A AAexa is required for the Parattah Mfldland Hotel, Porattek. GAS consumors are reminded that in order to Ssecure discount for the past quarter their I nooounts must he paid before 4130 p.m. to-day. A cONOCERT will be held at Franklin Village on Wednesday evenisg, when an excellent pro gramme will be presented. 