London Gossip. ? There are seme people whose hycterics is sot worth while to notice .enonsly. The Duke of Argyll is one of them. On Thursday the Liberal Press showed a ju st appreciation of his character and judgment by having him severely alone. Yet he wiU plume himself on having made out a case which they did not venture to answer. But we do not reply to a iquirt with a Gatling gun. The fact is that the Douse of Lords has fallen even below tbe level of a debating society. Ifs opinions are of no account to anybody. I f M r Toots were now living he would make an admirable life peer, simply because be regarded everything as of "no consequence." The Lords may pass any resolution they please without producing the smallest effect on public opinion. The ailent contempt which the Opposition received the speech of the i'uke of Argyll is a fitting commentary on the functions of our hereditary Legiilature. It forms an instructive pendant to the childish annoyance of Lord Salisbury when ho found that Mr Smith had sat on his Life Peerages Bill without hie consent. The fellowing conversation was reoily overheard between the Prime Minister and the First Lord of tbe Treasury. Lord S .; " W hat on earth ioduced you to treat my pet Bill in th at scurvy way ? ’ M r S .: “ W hy, Gladit no would have msde mincemeat of it. [ could tee it iu his eye.” Lord S. : ' Confound his eye ! Don't you koow that you made me look ridiculous by abandoning tbe Bill when wo were actually discussing the second reading ?** M r ti.: “ I am very sorry, but G ladstone would not have it at any price." Lord S .: “ May I ask whether Gladstone leads thf House of Commons ?’’ M r S-: "O h ! it's very easy to flout and jeer, but you don't sit opposite to Gladstone, and I do." Lord S .: " 1 wish 1 did." M r So do I. It would take some of that arrogance out of you. I always try to do my duty, but that old man is a terror, and when I look at him I sometimes think I shall never sleep again.’’ I t is delightful to know that Lord Salisbury has perfect confidence in M r Balfour. ' The unole publicly compliments the nephew ou his “ firmness and judgment ’’ M r Balfour ought to return the compliment by expressing his edmiration of Lord Salisbury’s inflexible resolution. The Premier's motto is, “ Always appoint your relatives to important posts, aud they will never desert you." Mi Balfour’s motto is, *■Keep your eye on iphew, and he will pull you through. XhiB is a reminiscence of M r Toole in a popular burlesque ; but wbat greater farce can be imagined than the present administration of Ireland? Mr Smith has a wonderful gift of unconscious humor. Ho showed a just appreciation of the Irish Under-Secretary Bill by associating its withdrawal with that of the Lunacy Bill. Yet thi. was unjust to the latter measure, which, after all, was a scheme of amendment, while its companion was intended to make confusion worse confounded. Mr Quelch is dead, and bis end is lamented by a Tory paper in Liverpool. M r Qoelch was a solicitor af high repute iu that city who gave legal advice to Irish-Amencan consjvr&tors.; I t is needless to say that he always advised them for tbeir good, and rebuked tbeir “ atrocious crimes." But had he been a strong Liberal instead of a staunch Conservative, this peculiar choice of clients would hare brought upon bis head the invective ot the very journal which reveres his memory as that of model citizen.^ Sir Frederick Leighton was quite soiree. The President was visibly boi by the duty of shaking hsnds w ith the guestF, bnt M r Browning, who acted as a voluntary deputy, or assistant manager, was as fresh as a novico in his first season. Ho 6book innumerable people by the hand without tbe least fatigue ennui. M r Browning is a much older man than Sir FreJerick Leighton, and has no charms of exterior. Iodced, he might pass for a Dissent ng deacon in the humblest walk of trade. But for undiminished seat in the society of his fellow men, tho author of “ Pipjja Passes" is a marvel to whom boredom is unknown. One of the sensations of the eoirde was he appearance of a tall Indy, of pallid aspect, in -a remarkable costume. She stalked through the roomt. with &fixed; and glassy rye, as if she were accuBtomed to tho society of ghosts. The mystery seemed to be explained by the fact that her portrait hung upon one of the walls, with precisely the same aspect. This plan of living up to your pioture is not to be commended. A new industry which will terrify vers has been started in 6an Francisco. hieves go about to steal lore letters s amorous correFpondents are naturally earful of publicity, this new venture in rime has* caused a painful sensation. n one case of robbery a large reward as been offered for uie restitution of he .stolen documents. If this kind of elony should become comaon.lovers will o foroed to write in shorthand or adopt code. When, “ gooseberry" means “ I cve yon,” and *' tea and shrim ps'' signifies “ Let us elope,” the unscrupulous burglar may be baffled. Brides will not be flattered to learn that stress is laid by au Amerioan journal on the fact that a newly-married lady in good sooiety is ‘‘well educated.” The phraie seems invidious, as if it were comparatively rare to find a marriageable girl who is not illiterate. B at there may tie some subtle satire a t tho bridegroom’s expense. Perhaps there is an intention to suggest surprise that a well-educated woman should have ttiarried ought to appease the feminine o M arriage is a serious m atter to men, but it is a trifling detail to M r J . Aldnch Brown. He is accused of having taken to himself 28 wives. Mir Brown is an American, and he may plead th a t an expanding democracy cannot confine itself to the traditions of an effete society. Toe 23 ladies do not seem to take this view, as they are pursuing Mr Brown with relentless animosity. The brother of one of them is disposed, moreover, to end M r Brown's sociological experiments with a revolver. Thus is scienoe ever dogged by the pertinacity of prejodioe. A refreshment contractor once hong placard of “ Oysters" on one of M r Alma Tadem a’s pictures of marble slabs. But advertisement has its limits, and it seems that handsome eabs are beyond them . A oab proprietor agreed to advertise a certain play onhis vehicles, but the resu lt was that the public would not ride in them , and tbe drivers tried to conceal the advertisements from view. It is a comfort to know that the “ gondolaof London is to be free from haunting Diotures of soap and melodrama. Very i a man who does not want to be re* minded of the excellent qualities of any commodity or theatrical entertainment w ill hare to charter a handsom and go to sleep. B ut the vicil&nce; of advertisers never slumbers. One of them happened to drop in a t a suburban inn the other day where a printers’ dinner was in progress. He prom ptly ordered six dozen of champagne to be sent in, and after a decent interval presented himself and made a speech. As no specific benefit is likely to accrue to him, this generosity must be ascribed to a fine development of the bump of benevolence.— Weekly Dispatch. 