The position of the Northern pirty in the House is positively absurd. Agreed upon the fact ihat the tariff does Dot suit the North they refuse to. act to gether to force the Government to recognise our rights. The Northerners on one side of the House glare at the Northerners on the other, and not the slightest attempt to conciliate each other is made. The fact that some of those sitting on the Opposition benches, do hot, though elected for Northern con stituencies, believe --in Separation, does not, of necessity, prevent them fi om con demning the tariff. Both Mcllwr^ith and Griffith Northerners consider it an injustice, and as such— party or no party — it should not be tolerated. Jf the Ministerialists are always going to drag up the fact that a minoriiy of 'he North is against Separation as an ex cuse for voting with their party instea I of for the North, then it is high time they threw off the mask and de clared themselves Northerners in name only. It is inadvisable to 1-e constantly patting forward the late elections for any- parpo'se. Apart from the fnct that such a course is 'constantly reminding the South thnt we are divided,, it is also calculated to alienate Libeial friends fiom the Separation cause. To Liberal Separationisis it is, to say the least, unpleasant to be reminded of the times; when they were abused by the Mcll wraith' Separationists, and accused of being opposed to the ve.-y movement they supported. Though the Mcllfvraitli party ia' in power, the Libera'siof the North form a strong body, and concilia tion wilfj do niore'to forward the {move ment foe the division of the colon) than vituperation. The actions of ourj repre sentative in the House sre fair |ubject matter (or criticism, and wheh this joarnal oisagrees with them it- -will s-y so. Thtf tariff proposals have brought out the Very fault that we have most to. fear in our members. Under the pre tence of .being afraid of defeating McTI wrailh ihev 1 a ?? ' compromised with their consciences' and permitted the North to suffer. The absurd idea of supposing that, if they conld put the present party out, they could not put it back again as. soon as the North had had its way most be apparent to the merest tyro in politics. It is useless for Northern members to hold the balance of power if they do not use it. Again if the Northern party is not sttong enough to enforce its demands, is that any reason why its voles should be recorded day after day 'in favor of proposals it pretends to oppose. If it wag the tule for the minority to suffer in silence, pirty Government would be at end and when once the strength of sides in the House had been determined divisions would Ocome a, thing of tha post. The czhuses akt up ori-. behalf of the MofJ wral li njsnibers of lite Northern party are too te 'bio and too . easily seen thiough to r.oelyo much credence. It would he more honest and straight-, forward to admit at one ) that p^rty feeling made them vote oh the opposite kide to the Liberals. We do not wish to thrjw all the blame on to one sot of Northern politicians. From the debates in llansari it appears that the Liberal Northerners have not all cooled down after the recnt election stiuggle and they may be partly, to blame, hut it appears to ua evident that until i lie supercilious scorn and, often, abuse with which the Liberals are treated is discontinued it ' will be impossible to get unanimous action by the. Northern party. So long also as the distinction of parties is dragged into Nnrthoin politics the Separation movement will never thrive In the country pirty antagonism, may he eliminated from 'the councils of the fceparationisls hut if it is still encouraged hi the House our efforts to patch up a party pe/jce and go unitedly for Separation will indeed be utterly useless. Br r.farence ti our advarfifing columns I'lir rcsderi will bo able to glean parttaul.rs u to special services to ho held tomorrow In Holy Trinity Church. A nnsiassa change has recently been made Mr. IVIHiamaon has purchased the bhalneaa of Deller and Williamson, while Messrs Sharp and Dollar are now sola partners In the Arm of Eh .rp tidier k Co,, in ablchMr. Williamson recently Wad an interest. We remind mMeliers of both the'local lie. fence Force- Companies that the quart, rly muster psrade, at which attendance it com pulsory, wl I take place at 2.30 this afteranoa. We luve been requ»*fed to add that members of the Mounted Infant'y will he expected to appear in white, and members of F Company in scarlet tmulo*. A ai.toiiT Improvement In the weather took place yesterday morning. The skies clouded ? over, end a few slight, showers Ml fn town. Vint Eton end Walkerston way some uUnt ruin has fallen, and on the- North aide alsu tli*y have been favored. List night heavy clouds Jsmo up from the Houth-Ksst, and hopes of u dliange from the long drought are eutcrlelnod. J Titz Maokay Skating Rlpk was. opened on flhuraday eveulng laat anil haa Ijeen well |patrooiaed alnce, The attendance wus proof that good healthy amusement it appreciated in Mackay. Tho arrangements of the company | running the rink have given every, satisfaction and the pains t-keh to make the rink attrac tive, will, wo feci euro, bo fully appreciated. ?Is the Police Court on Thursday Charlea Godfrey pleaded guilty to drunkenness and »yas discharged. Yesterday the Inspector of Nuisances summonsed Denis McQuien fore breach of the the Municipal bylaws, viz. driving in the water-channel in Brisbane street, The case was withdrawn, defendant agreeing to pay all costs and to make good the damage done. Ox Monday next a poll will be 1ak& within the Municipality to decide whether c^not the Mackay Council shall borrow the .'sum of £8,000 'or the purpose of erecting waterworks at the Lagoons for the purpose of snpplyh'g the. town and snbnrbs with water, gate payers in tho East Ward will record their vetes at the Town Hall; Jo the West Ward, at the N||d^Tlows jtall rxand in the Sooth Ward, aVihof boose, at th^, end of Brisbane street, occupied by Mr. W. G. Hodges. Ix connection with the Waterworks poll to be taken on Monday there is littie.to ans wer to what has been adduced in opposition to the proposals, . The objections have been all fairly answored as they have been made. One point only we wish to direct attention to and that ia the necessity of ratepayers record- . ing their votes, for or against. The question requires settling and this can only be done by the ratepayers saying yes or no in - sn unmistakable manner. ? In the Small Debts Court on Thursday last before Jhe Police Magistrate two cases only came offior bMring, Rptr being withdrawn. In the Ant wAl. 9wi4n^nh£ W. S. Bradah«w for £27 17^ 3di7work a\d labor. Mr.; Wright appeared for the' plaintiff and Mr. Smith tor the .defence. ' Oo the* application^ of Mr. Wright an adjournment was. granted for one 'week, the costs of defendant to be coats in the cause. In the other case Riechelmann and others 'Sued F. W. Tansky for £4 10a. for de'en'ion of property. Mr. Wright appeared for the plaintiffs and Mr. Smith for the defence. Evidence; was taken and tho plaintiffs nonsuited without costs Some time ngo we noticed the destruction by Mr. T. Gaylard of an alligator in the si'ent pool above Woodford, at the, same time men tioning that a smaller sanrian still remained to be shot. 'The latter has now given up the ghost in consequence of a dose of lead admin istered by Mr. W. Baker. The alligator was rxamined after .its death and was found to have.hten shot in the right side, the bnllet ente-ing tho stomach. No other wounds were visible so we suppose this was the first dose the ''gator ever took. Inside the brute was nothing of in'erest It weighed between 4 and 5 cwt. and measured 9 ft. 8 in. in length and 3 ft 5 in. in girth. 