A STAR1LING STORY. A DEAD MAN ARISES AND PARTAKES FREELY OF BROTH AND WINE. An elderly gentleman residing in the Rue Roche- * chouart, Paris, who was supposed to be dead, has, ; according to the St J.^mes' Gazette, suddenly ! came to life. He has a nephew in Paris who | being duly informed of his demise, repaired at J once to the house, with his wife, to keep watch I over the mortal remains of his uncle until they | should be borne to their last resting place. On the following evening, as the lady was tired, her husband sent her to the drawing-room to take some renose on a sofa, and a servant havinf ; placed some wine and broth on a table, he threw himself into an arm-chair in the bed-room and eoon went soundly asleep. On awakening at four ; in the morning he found that the broth had dis appeared, and that the bottlo of wine was half empty. Becoming alarmed, he went to his wife in ' the drawing-room, roused her, and told her what - had happened. She returned to the bed-room ' with him, but the pair had hardly reached tho door when they heard a noise. They paused on the threshold, and, to their consternation a voice j bade them not to be afraid but to come in. The \ husband entered the room, but soon rushed oub ] with his hair standing on an end. He had seen | his uncle's ghost. The old man was sitting, j euveloped in a sheet, on the side of his bed. The | supposed corpse had the utmost difficulty in ' gutting his panic- striken relatives to understand : that he was not dead after all. ' I am alive ?' he ; repeated, adding that the preparations for his - funeral had not escaped his notice. He had been in a lethargy, and, waking up, had helped him self to the broth, which had done him good. Hearing some one approaching he had jumped | into bed, as he was anxious not to cause any \ alarm ; but Richard was himself again. Ho felt \ perfectly recovered, and certainly on close exami- j nation the uncle's appearance by no means belied j his words. The refreshments had come in most ] opportunely to restore him, and as he was much pleased, with the affectionate attention which his ' ; relatives had shown him after his supposed depar- ? ' ture from this world, everything was soon made ; happy and comfortable all round. The doctor of the quarter had not yet officially confirmed the \ demise of the worthy uncle, who seems to have *4 taken a new lease of life. ' ; 