BALLARAT CHRONICLES AND PICTURES. BY W. B. WITHERS, Author of the “ History of Ballarat,” “Reminiscences,” “Eustace Hopkins,” “The Westons,” &c.;, &c.; Fronde saw a good deal, and said much withal, but he could not take note of some things we must see to here. At the botanical reserve he saw George Longley, the curator, the limn who has had the making of these gardens, but it was not his business to tell the local story of this horticultural Geordie born at Lowther, Westmoreland, over three score years ago, learned his gardening at Lowther Castle, lauded in Victoria iu June 1853, and iu Ballarat on the 25tli September of that year, and set to at mining on Navvy Jack's Lead. Then, iu the September of 1858, he replied to the municipal council’s advertisement for a curator of the 9S acre resorve, then a wilderness, now something like what the learned aud gallant champiou of Queen Elizabeth describes it to be. Mr i Longley was engaged, “aud,” says he, “I came to and fro for awhile, and then I pitched my tent about ou this spot and planted that elum there—that was about Jauuary 1859.” Our friend pronounces elm as my father used to do, and as I have heard Irish barristers pronounce realm. An early Irish editor ef The Star used, also, to call column col-yoom. Longley’s elm is standing aud flourishing—but uot as some English elms I wot of iu fat meadow and park lauds yonder—only a few yards from his present house close by that beautiful fernery which, I suppose, has no equal in this or any colony of the group. The first thing done towards the present gardens was the enclos ing of seven acres in 1859, done by a car penter who a few years ago killed him self on the Eastern Oval. The first ground Longley turned up was the oval bed where the Farnese Flora is now, and then bit by bit, through all the subsequent years, splendidly seconded by an unbroken succes sion of public-spirited municipal councillors, amongst whom, as a promoter of lake and gardens improvement, tho late Frederick Moses Claxton was ever specially prominent, the wilderness was made to blossom more and more, until 33 acres are cultivated, and it has become the “ paradise” of to-day. The fernery, with its long aisles of delicious shade and its wealth of bloom, and frond, aud leafage, fountains, fishes, and birds, was begun in 1873 in a very humble- way, but now (1888) it is 450 feet long, 63 feet wide, and its height gives room and to spare for the 25-feet fern trees brought from Gipps land. A thousand pounds sterling have been spent on the fernery, and five hundred on the pavilion for the Russell- Thomson bequest of statuary. This gardener Longley’s name must last as long as the gardens remain to witness to his more than a quarter-century's industrious and skilful oversight. One should never feast his eyes on that long high wall of many-colored foliage in Sturt street, whether it be lit by the morn ing or the evening sun, without calling for blessings on the heads of the men who sug gested, and the men who planted, and so prayed, by their hands and purposes, and obtained the benediction of all that beauty as God’s bounteous answer to the prayer of such faith afd works. The city cannot boast of boulevards like those of des Italians, and des Capucins in Paris, or the Unter den Linden in Berlin, any more than it can show the rush and roar of the restless, changeless, ever changing flood of human life that beats for ever through the big arteries of London, but Ballarat has- been aptly called the Garden City, for it is a city embosomed in groves and gardens. Municipal and private sagacity and taste have in the last fifties, the sixties, the seventies, and the eighties more than repaid the ravages of the wild digging days of the early fifties. Orchards and gardens everywhere, and planted avenues in the streets, have given more “ liberal tresses” to the earth than it bore when the gold hunters first entered upon the site of the city of to-day'. Few cities in the world can boast an equal wealth of foliage and of flowers, and none, perhaps, can show a finer display of street-planting. The best example of this in Ballarat is given to the visitor entering the city from the west, as he will pass the leafy grounds of villas and of the Loretto Convent, Mary’s Mount, and the palace of the Catholic bishop, and travel for half a mile between two double lines of deciduous trees. Then the road will branch into two halves, and for near a full mile the traveller will have in the middle of the thoroughfare a doublv line of bluegum, oak, lime, chestnut, and other trees reaching into the heart of the city, at the intersection of Doveton aud Sturt streets. A few single oaks continue the line till Lydiard street is reached, and then a bank, connecting the high-level ‘ northern half of Sturt street with the lower southern half, is planted with evergreen shrubs. Bridge street and the slope of Victoria street con duct the traveller to the mile- long blue gum avenue with its two double sinuous lines of trees stretching away -between stores, cot tages, villas, terraces, towards the eastern gate of tho town, and arrested only by the railway as it crosses Victoria street a few hundred yards beyond the tree-embosomed Orphan Asylum. A right pleasant picture is on either hand as one stands in the roadway near St. Alipius Church and looks east or west along the avenues. Westward the eye travels along the leafy lines till they lose themselves in the mass of tress and shrubs on the slope where Christ Church Pro Cathedral lifts its dull blue walls agaiust the sky. Eastward the curving reaches of leafage break in the dis tance upon the bush-clad ridges between the town and Warrenlieip. East, west, north, and south spreads the green restless sea of foliage, giving health and beauty to the homes of the widespread population. The serpentine sweep of Skipton street, with its blue gums, leads to the Redan Greek and sparsely planted plateau of Sebastopol, and the long street reaches, north and south of Sturt street, are enriched with avenues of evergreens. Nearly all of them picturesque lines of sylvan per spective, for the streets are as roofless cathe dral naves, and the footpaths as side aisles in their long arcade-like stretches of leafy distances. Who has not lingered in that long mid-Sturt street Gothic aisle of glow ing green, whose far-off converging lines coalesce i the dim distance, as if the verdant colonnade were consecrated to some sacred and secret worship over whose esoteric rites the guardian angel of the covenant folds his all-enclosing wings, and so shuts out the babbling irreverent world ? Or, if one enters by the western end of the leafy nave in the gloaming, when the shadows thicken fast along the roof eastward, and the Drummond street lamp is seen gleaming in the far eastern meeting of the tree lines, as they slope up to that point, the light in the pale distance may remind the reverent spectator of the solitary vigil fire before the altar in symbol of perpetual grace and worship— of tue Eternal Ineffable Presence . And sometimes tho evening breeze will be ! heard playing high up amid, tho waving groins and tracery of the lofty vault, like the faint music of a far-off vesper choir. Then, what glimpses of pure beauty ono has, on rare silent days of radiant midsum mer, in looking along the lines of living green as they stand up grandly, statuesquely, in the breezelcss air that is tremulous only with heat. Between, there extends, as one looks north or south along some of the cross streets, a mile’s length of white road glisten ing under a sapphire sky that seems, indeed, as “the Infinite Breath, the Divine Ghost, the great Blue Soul of The Universe.” As fur as the eye can clearly trace it the white road is pointing its long pale finger down, let us say, the undulat ing southern slepe of Drummond street towards the horizon where lies a silent, cobalt Bea of bush, wide and waveless iu its vast amplitude, points as if to show how Orion might pace there with- Swelling slopes Of green and golden light about him, whilst the fragrant odors of gum and piue stream out like incense upon the lumiuous air, and seem to bear the soul ■ with- heaven-born gifts of fraukineense, upwards to their birthplace. There is in spiration iu such moments. The great mystery of existence weighs less heavily upon the spirit, and there comes to some wor shippers in such scenes a baptism from the Highest. Blessed rifts open and let down upon even the outcast oue some vivifying light and love, and in his innermost heart he feels, in the silence of the warm, diaphanous summer - air, that though no wiuds . toiich the tiuiest leaf or braucldet, !“the very .leaves seemed stirred -with prayer.” ; The northernmost end of Peel street com- mands nearly the whole' city as it lies, the older half in the hollow made during geo logic ages, as their forces broke through -the schistose ranges, the other half on the basaltic plateau and western slopes on the north of the hollow. The view sweeps around the whole horizon, save a bit to the north-east. On the south and east the background includes the heights of Mount Warrenheip and Buninyong, and the lower elevations of Mount Pleasant and the Canadian and White Horse ranges. On the west and north-west, the eye.travels from the blue bush beyond Se bastopol round to the spurs of the Divide, beyond Learmonth and Burrumbeet as far as the violet distance of far-off Mount Cole, the middle ground to the north-west giving glimpses of arable and pasture plains, whose flatness is broken by the round outlines of the Bald Hills with their hues of emerald or yellow or brown, as the procession, of' the seasons shall paint them in colors of spring or autumn or winter. This wide panorama has infinite variations of beauty as shadow and shine from a cloud-flecked sky play at sunset or sunrise upon the landscape, and tower, spire, gable, hill-side, and valley reflect the changing glory of the moving hours. (To be continued). 