'Novelist, THE FALSE KtiiOHT: OR, THE ROBBER OF THE BLACK FOREST. A STORY. OF LOVE, MYSTERY, AND ADVENTURE. BY SYLVANUS COBB, Jr. CHAPTER XI. —Continued ' Most assuredly I will.' 'Good. I shall givo you the opportu nity- very soon.' \- When tho priest had gono Sir Pascal summoned Bulthazar, and bade him go and boo tho baroness, and ask lior how soon alio could be prepared to rcceive him; Ho wished v to confor with her upon a matter of great importanco. The dwarf departed, and was gono so long that his 'master becamo uneasy and suspicious of evil. Ho had twice framed tho opening speech with which ho would salute hor ladyship, and had, twice for gotten it ; and by tho tirno tho hunchback iinally returned he had forgotten much more. 'Well, rascal What Bays her august ? ladyship ? Have you beeii'making lovo to tlie fair daughter 1' ~~~ ' No, your lordship. I will lcavo that delootablo pastime to you, when — you find her.' 'Ha ! What dues that mean ?' cried the knight, seizing the pigmy by tho collar of his doublet and giving him a shako. ' Did you seo tho baroness ?' ?'No, sir. Not a door could I open be yond tho arclnvay at tho entrance to tho ladies' apTCrtmcnts. After X had knocked, and kicked, and called at as many doors as I have fitigors, I found a servant, who told mo that she-had been doing tho same thing for moro than an hour ; and tho black eyed wench had tho audacity to spit at me, —not on mo, mark you — and toll mo that I and otliersliko ine— meaning youroxcolloncy —had driven tho poor woman to seeking safety in death, to which end sho had drank poison.' ' Hark yo, sirrah ! Speak yo now soberly and to the point, or I'll— I'll out your wino for a week. I mean it. Now, toll me what you found.' '? ' I told you oa nearly as I know how. 3 went to the chamber of tho lady as you bado mo ; and I tried tho1' doors of all tho rooms ? oil that floor, in that wing ;. and not a door could I start, nor a word of responso to my ? calls could I hear ; and tho girl said Blio'd been an hour trying to raise Homebody with ? out avail.' ' ' . Twice tho startled knight Btvodo across tho room, and then, seizing his cap, ho wont out — wont to tho forgo of tho armorer, and selecting a heavy sledge — a two-headed tool — with . which ho returned to tho keep, . lie ascended to' tho apartments of tho ladies, liis dwarf pago bearing him company. In tho first passage on the second floor they met tho servant whom. Balthazar had ques tioned, ancl hor Sir Pascal told to show him \- which jvas tho sicoping'-clianibcr of tho Uaroness. Tho door was pointed out, and a singlo Sow of tho heavy sledgo beat it open. V The girl rushed inland presently set up a1 ' ' frantic outcry. Her dear mistress was doadi slio know. That was her bed, out of which Bho novor slept, and it had not been touchodi during tho night. Other doors were broken open, andotlior! chambers looked' into ; but 110 traeo of mo-! tlicr or daughter could be found. It was1 Balthazar who thought of asking tho servant if slio ever waited upon tho baroness, and helped her to dress. «t» Yes, that was a part of her duty. She and Gretclien always waited upon tho good lady and her daughter, and nobody else. And Gretclien, loo, was gone. Slio was directed to seo'if tho ladies had carricd anything away with them ; aiul upon soaroh it was found that both of them had takon clothing and all their jewelry. . in a stato ot frenzy tho knight .hastened down, and summoned to his prosonco all tho. officors and soldiers who had been on guard duty during tho night. . There were a full score of thom in all. They wero questioned sharply, but nothing could bo learned from thom. Nono of thom had soon either of tho misBing fomales. Each and overy ono most solemnly sworo that not a soul had passed liim during liis watch. 'Whoro is tho wonder ?' suggested Lieutenant Franz, wlion tho chief had reached tho point of declaring that some body had lied. 'Do you not know that theso old castles aro riddled, through and through, with all sorts of secret passages?' Simplo as was tho revelation, Dunwolf had not thought of it. But ho saw it now, and admitted tho probability of its correct ness. | He had just bowed his acknowledgment to Franz wlion tho door of tho apartment was oponed, and tho two ruffians, Zillern and Walbeclc, came in, looking -like men who had just seen a veritablo ghost, each ^ trying to push tho other on ahead. | 'How now?' cried tho knight, with a new terror before liim. 'Why are you liore? Speak 1— Zounds ! I'll — ' j ' Mercy, Meinherr !' And it came out, ! with much stumbling, that tlioy had gone down to carry their prisoner his breakfast ; I had found the door- of tho dungeon bolted and barred and looked, ju3t as thoy had left it ; but tlio place was empty. The straw had not beon laid upon, and two of the candles, and tho candlestick had been takon away. j This was too much. Sir Pascal was stricken dumb. Ho gasped and choked, I but for a considerable time was unablo to speak. And when, at length, his power of speech came-to liim, ho was so deeply moved that he spoko without an oath ; no oath that ho could frame being adequate to the occasion. v . 'Franz ! What do you make of this 1' 'It must bo, sir, that some of tho men of tho castle discovered that the captain had been locked up in that place, and they , contrived, during the night, to set him free.' - j ' But how could they liavo got there if; our sentinels were awake ?' , ' By means of passes of which we aro ignorant. If you will reflect you will call to mind that tho subterranean passes of these old piles always connect with tho lower crypts and dungeons.' , Again tho knight was forced to admit tho plausibility of his lieutenant's solution ; and, having questioned the jailors somo what furtlftr, lie resolved to go down and investigate for himself. Ho had brought with him tlio sledge with which he had oponed tho chamber doors ; that he gavo to Zillern, and directed Walbeck to go to tho armorer's forge and got another just liko it, and to bring, also, a common hammer of goodly size. i ?When all Was ready, lights were takon and the party set forth. Tho first point for examination was the dungeon from which I the prisoner had been set free. Was there any secret' pass there ? They hammered and pounded everywhere, but only the dull, massy sound of solid- rock was returned. Tlio' walls on three sides were absolutely, native rock, and, of course, there could bO| nothing of tho kind in the front: wall. As for tho floor, it .was of flags of such size, | and so firmly laid, that no human power j could move them. It never occurred to tlicni that the floor of a square recess cut( from tho native ledge ought itself— or, at^ least, the inner portion of it — to be .solid* liko tho walls that arose from it. They might have seen, too, that the floor of tho passage outside, oil a level with that of tho dungeon, was simply a surface of natural | rock. Also, thoy might havo discovered that the floor of tho very next dungeon was of nature's own make. But they saw nothing of this. It. was evidont that tho prisoner had bben Bet free by somebody from the outside ; and as for finding tho secret in that mazo of cells and crypts and vaulted passages, tho thing was not to bo thought of. They hammered and banged upon a few suspicious-looking places, but in tlio ond returned no wiser than they went. On reaching daylight again, Sir Pascal thought of mustering the forco of the castle — tlioso men who had beon under Capt. von Linden's command — and demanding of thom information upon tho subject of what lie was pleased to term the rccont outrago ; but Franz quickly argued him away from iti Said ho, after his chiof had given up tho objcctionablo plan : ' Tho prisonor is gono, of course, beyond tho confines of tho castle, and I doubt if thore is- a soul hero prosent who knows where ho is. Further, tho ladies aro suroly with him ; and' wc may judge, from the fact that no horses liavo beon taken, that thoy liavo not gono far. Now, my dear master,' continued the trusty lionchmaii, laying tho doxter lingor of tlio right hand into the palm of tho loft, as ho wont on, speaking slowly and earnestly, 'our first object is to mako ourselves secure 'in our position, and know who aro our friends. Of tho livo-and-forty mon-at;arms whom we found in tho garrison hoi'® w^icii wu came, tho turgor portion of thom are soldiers who havo , boon drawn' from other sources within a fow months. Tho old knight, whoso funeral had just taken placo when wo arrived, had enlisted thom by order of tlio grand duko, after intelligence had boon roceivod of tlio anticipated insurrection. Moro than half of tlioso moil, to my certain knowledge, aro already heart and soul with us ; and I havo no doubt that wo might, by proper management, gain vory nearly tlio wholri of tlicm. . '?Lot us first do that, sir ; and then let us find Thorbrand. If wo do' not find Jiiiuj readily, wo. must find somo of his men andi confer with them. That thoy aro in this neighborhood tlioro can bo 110. doubt, Mcaiitiiiio wo will throw our . guards upon all tlio avonuea of tho surrounding forest, ito make sure that tho fugity'ea do not i -a escapo us. This is tho plan 1 would suggest.' And tho . chiof had resolved to adopt it boforo Franz had done spoaking. Accordingly, aftor olio more thorough' search over tlio castle for tho missing onos, Sir Pascal caused tlio . original forco of the castlo to be mustered on tho parade ground, aud when thoy woro togetlior, ho stated to them plainly, his object. Ho wanted to know how many of thom ho could dopend upon to follow him without question ; how many would take tho oath of fealty to him self. Ho used no honeyed words, but ho did this : Ho-mado thom understand that tlioso who should refuse liitn allegiance might look for hard times ; while on tlio other hand, for tlioso who should prove true to him, tlioro would bo tliobest of treat ment, and there might bo considerable booty. Tho result had not been looked for. Only ton mon of the five-and-forty privates and nine non-commissioned officers — ten of tho wliolo number — stood firm and truo to tho old duty ; and thoy, when they saw* aiid understood tho situation, believing that their young captain and the ladies of tho castlo had got safely away, asked that they might bo discharged from the service. They had taken the oath of fealty to tho ba roness, and only sho herself could abBolvo thom. For a wonder Dunwolf permitted tlieni to go. Ho folt that thoy could do him more harm if thoy remained than thoy could in being outsido. And thus was ho completely master of tho castle. Saving tho fow house hold servants, for whom ho did. not caro, all [ within tho walls woro his sworn supporters. I Before the sun of that day had sot ho had sent swift couriers out upon all the roads— upon every path whoro a woman could .make her way — and made suro that no persons had gono forth since tho provious 'evening. Also, ho had posted sentinols at !tlio various passes, to prevent tho out [going of anyone without question. During tho evening of that day, for the first time, lie was told of the cot of the old liuntor on tho opposite mountain side. Could it bo possiblo that tho fugitives had found shelter and hiding thore ? Ho would very soon know. On tho next morning, bright and early, accompanied by a guide from tlio men of tho castlo, Sir Pascal and his -lieutenant, with tho dwarf page, ivlio had begged hard that ho might bo permitted to go, set- forth for tho hunter's cot. . Thoy reached it with out adventure worthy of note, and found tho hunter himself standing in his open doorway. Evidently lie had been on tho watch for tliem, having been very sure that thoy would come. Pascal Dunwolf stood fairly abashed be fore tlio man lie had come to seo. Ho had been prepared to find a rough, ignorant mountaineer, wjio would instinctively quail and cower before him; but, instead of that, lie gazed upon a man noble aud grand in form and feature — a man who looked upon him as a monarch might look upon liis meanest subject. Never mind tho details of the interview. The visitor, as soon as ho could present his business, stated why ho had come. He was very anxious concerning the ladies, who wero so far under his care that ho felt responsible for their safety. -.Had the hunter seen anything of them? Could he give any information at all ? ' Sir,' said Oberwald- with a stately bow, ' I might answer you that.1 had not soon them — that I know nothing of thom ; but that would presupposo my readiness to bo tray them if they wero here, or to tell a falsehood. Tho lady Bertha and hor daughter aro my dear friends, and if I knew I whoro thoy had found refuge I certainly should l-ofuse to toll you, 0 1 do not look so glum! I only do what you would do. if you bo a mail of honor. But, sir, my humble abode is boforo you ; 110 doors are locked. You can look through it if you will ; also, you may search tho forest round about. I cortainly liopo you may not find thom, becauso I know thoy would not havo left you without good' and sufficient reason.' Tlio spurred and belted knight was for a littlo timo fairly beside himself with con tending omotions. Once ho seemed more than half inclined to draw liis sword, and again a torrent of curses was upon his lips ready to burst forth ; but his bottor- judg ment finally prevailed, and in moderate tones lie. told tlio hunter that ho should like to view tho internal arrangements ,of liis dwelling. Without' a word Oberwald admitted liim and his lieutenant. Tho obtrusivo hunch back started to go in, but his mastor put hiin back. Uponontering tlie living-room tho hunter's daughter was discovered sitting by the great- fire-placo, and Franz who had an eye for a pretty faco, started to address her. At that moment up rose tho great St. Ber nard, with a growl like far-off thunder, and tho gallant drew back, leaving tho damsel to herself. Every part of the cot was visited ; every hole and cornor was peered into ; but no thing was found that looked liko a fugitive baroness, and in tho end tlio party of ob servation loft the cot no wiser than they wore on tlioir arrival. . Soro at heart, and in deoper trouble than he would acknowledge, Sir Pascal Dunwolf returned to tho castlo. *Thua far ho' had been baffled at overy stop ; still ho did not givo up. Fresh riders woro sent . out to scour tho forest, and ovory moans' ho could think of taken to find the missiiw ones. And now for tho robber oliiof. While the search was going on for tlio fugitivos lio must find Thorbrand, and with liim como to an understanding. ' Why tho man had not called upon liirii ho could not concoivo. IIo had promised that ho would bo very punctual. It was oil tho tliinl day after tho disap pearance of Captain, von Linden and tho ladies, whilo scouts were scouring in every direction for tho robber chieftain, or for any of his band, that ono of tho famod bandit'3 follower-) was bronchi before him. Ho gavo his n»— - as Hildegund, and sail'; ho wp' '..-i of Then-brand's chief lieutenant;! ! 7x0 had beon oii liis way to the castle wlici : I tlio outriders had met him, aud he wa.-v anxious to find his nlastor as was any one. l ' Moro than a hundred men of our band,' ; lie said, 'aro now encamped in the Am-, berg Valley waiting for an ordor from their chief. Thorbrand loft us .little more than a week ago, in company with hia chic' officer, young Wolfgang — young ho is, bi; but a thunderbolt in battlo — thoy loft u' for tho oxpress purpose of coining to tin ^ very castle to report to yourself. All is ready with us, and tho barons of Wurtom-I burg aro ready to movo as -'oon as they j know that Deckcndorf Castlo is opon to them in case of need. Wo havo waited till1 now for our chief's return, and whon the.1 full wook had gone I started out in quest of him. The last words ho spoko bofore leav- 1 ing us were spoken' to 1110. j ' ' Hildegund,' I10 said, ' I go to confor with the knight who lias been sont to com mand Deckcndorf Castlo. When I havo arranged satisfactorily with him I will let] you know.' 1 'He promised that if lie did not come himsolf I10 would send Wolfgang. That, as' I havo said, waa moro than a weok ago, and from that timo wo liavo heard not a word, nor havo wo received -a sign. What can it mean ?' Dunwolf was confounded. Was it pos siblo that Thorbrand had mado his ap pcaranco at tho castlo boforo his arrival — whilo von Linden was in command — and had tho fiery youth pub him out of tho way ? Ho summoned two jpf the assistant warders, who had taken the oath of fealty to liim, and questioned them closely. They declared, unhesitatingly, that it would liavo been impossible for any man to havo visited tho castle during tho wook provious to Sir Arthur's death without either ono or tlio other of tlicm being witness. After tliis-thero was«a silence, broken at length by tho robber. 'Have you made search at tho cot o Martin Oberwald ?' 'What? — the hunter 011 the opposite mountains ?' 'The same.' ' Not for Thorbrand ; but I havo been thore, and havo looked into every liolo and corner after others.' Hildegund shrugged liis shoulders signi ficantly. ' That man,' ho said, 'is deoper than you think. If any ono can give us infor mation, it is he. But wo must bo vrary. Let us think the matter over, and fix upon a plan of action. He has holes and corners at command that you did not dream of, I'll] bo bound. ' « | Hildegund was of middlo age ; tall and 1 sinewy, and strong of limb. He was a! handsome man, too, with a face remarkably! keen and intelligent. -That he was an ex perienced forester and mountaineer was evident from tho outset, and to him Sir Pascal tendered tho office of guide in tho prosent omergoney. Tho brigand readily accepted the position and straightway proceeded to action, his movements indicating very plainly that I10 knew what ho was about. Bofore that day's sun had sot I10 had organized a force of littlo less than two-score men — all more or less vorsed in tho mysteries of mountain life — and the dwelling of Martin Oberwald was completely environed, so that no person could ontor iu or go away without being discovered. CHAPTER XII. IN THE HUNIEIl's COT. ,1'orty years, or thereabout,' previous to tlio timo of .which wo ivrito, Sir Arthur von Morin, then a gallant' huntor whon not iu the Cold, had accidentally discovered a ivoiidorful carom on tho sido of tlio Schwarzwolf Mountain ; or it was ratlior a sories of cavorns, with a common entranco. Beneath an overhanging shelf of rock, completely hidden by tangled wildwood, was a broad alcove, within which were three different openings into as many lar'o and convenient caves. Thoy wero vory high, with archcd roofs, and with fissures in the walls and tops, through which air could pass, and light enter, but proof against tho incoming of rain.. This secret the knight had kept to himsolf, only imparting it, after a timo, to Bar'011 Deckcndorf, until Martin Oberwald chanced to como that way in search of a rofugo from tho world. .Ho had known and loved Martin's father, and Martin himself had served under hiin in moro than one campaign. To Martin Oberwald, Sir Arthur . im parted tlio secret of tho cavern, -and the baron gavo him a deed of that sido of the Mountain. His infant daughtor had a homo at tho castlo until ho could prepare for hor a fitting dwelling of his own. The fancy seized him to erect a substantial stone cottage so situated that its rear wall should cover tho entranco to the caves ; and in tliis covering wall, with his own hands, as sisted only by a competent buildor whom ho could trust, lie fixed a secret door, so ar ranged that a child might work it, but which no stranger could discover. And -hero tlio recluso had lived, aud roared his beautiful child. To more than ono poor, hunted fugitive, flying from op pression and injustice, had ho givon safe asylum, and 110110 to whom ho had thus givon his soflret had betrayed it. In 0110 of tlioso caves tho wounded man whom Electra and Ircno had succoured had been placcd, and tlioro tho hunter cared for him. In all tlio land not a bottor phy sician than was Oberwald could liavo 'been found, and under his skilful treatment and tender nursing tho patient was gaining strength fast. But vory littlo fever had re sulted from his hurts, Slid that was entirely gono. A' lio had now to do was, to make good blood and plenty of it. That would heal his wounds, and givo him back tho strength ho had lost. ut tnootiicr two caves, ono of tliem ? ] that 011 tlio extreme left — was double. Opening from it, was a narrow, beautifully- ' arched passago, leading to another chamber of good size, but so far into into tho moun tain that 110 light of day could reach it. Yet tho air circulated frooly through it, and it was very comfortable. This double cavo was given to tho baroness aiid her daughtor and good Grctchsn, whilo Ernest von Linden took tho other. Since tlioro was 110 likolilioocLof the ba roness coining in contact with tho occupant of tlio first-mentioned cave, tlio hunter did not think it best to inform hor- of tho pre sence of the dreaded robber chieftain so noar to her ; but sho was not long in dis covering it. That somo ono was tlioro whom Oberwald was tondorly nursing, slio know 011 her first visit to tho sitting- room of tho cottage; and finally hor daughtor told her who it was. At first sho was in clined to bo alarmed, believing, -as sho did, that Thorbrand was a friend and co-workor with hor worst enemy. j 0! mamma,' said her daughter, 'if you could soo the man as I saw him, you would not fear him.' And thon,for tho first timo, came out tho story, new and wonderful to Lady Bertha and Ernest, of tho Jioroio work of Electra in saving tha robber's life ; for that sho had done so was a fact not to bo disputed. 'And now,' said the liuntor, when Eleotra'si story had been sufficiently dis cussed, ' 1 will mako a disclosure which has been given to mo as a trust ; but I think that I havo a right to impart it to you. - This man — Thorbrand-4# so far from being.a friend of Dunwolf, that ho will oxposo and punish him as soon as I10 is strong enough. ' I toll you my lady, and von Ernest, in that man rests tho solopowor to give you ample justice. Ho loved tho lato baron as lio never loved another living being. It would bo a long story to tell, and I feel that I havo not tho right to tell it. I havo nursed liim, and liolped liim on tho road to health and strength, as much for your sakes as for his own. So, dear lady, put aifay your fears, and pray, if your conscience will let you, for tho speedy recovery of tho robber chiof.' Both tho baroness and' von Linden were greatly surprised by this information. They had many questions to ask, some of which tlioir host promptly answered, whilo to others he only shook his head and closed his lips. But tho lady put away hor fears from' that moment, and soon camo to think of tho torriblo Thorbrand kindly, and with good wishes. Oberwald was not long in discovoriiigj that his cot was under surveillance, and before night of tho second day of tho ap pearanco of tho spies he had counted a full scorc of tliem, and I10 knew there wore more. He had 0110 secret more which, up to tho present time, had been given to only two men beside himself. That was a covered way— a deep, narrow gorge in tho moun tain, caused by. somo groat convulsion that nact upheavectanct rent asunder— complotely hidden at both ends. At tho upper ex 1 troniity a porch of the cot covored it ; and I half a mile away, toward the villago, at tho |0xtrem0 foot of tho mountain, it was hidden I by - a combination of . broken rocks and tangled vino and brushwood. Tho second man to whom I10 had given the secrot had been nono other than Wolf gang. When that man had called to soo his wounded comrade, aud had expressed a desire to feel freo to como whon ho would, Oberwald had been so wonderfully im pressed in his favor that ho had not only suffered him to dopart by tho secret pass, but had bidden liim como whon I10 would Ijy tlic same way. So tho good hunter borrowed 110 present trouble on account of this espionage. Had it boon necessary for Wolfgang to como up tlio mountain openly, I10 would havo folt it his duty to hasten down to tho villago' and instruct tho inn-keeper thoro to warn him when he camo ; but, as it was, if ho Bliould chance to visit tho wounded chicf again, he could do so safely. Four days had passed since tlio spies had mado their appearanco in tho forest-; the bareness had been a full week a guest of the liOniter ; aiid, thus far, all had gono .well with the indwcllors of tho cot and its moun tain chambers. Towards tlio middlo of tho forenoon, Irene Oberwald sat in tho kitohon, having just finished a grand baking of pics and meats, and whilo her only servant had gone out to look to tho poultry and hunt for eggs, sho had laved hor faco and hands in fresli water, and sat down to rest. Hor father had taken his gun and gono fortli to hunt for gaino— partly that, and partly to observe tho 'disposition of tho spies, 'who still occupied their old places in[tho sur rounding forest.. Ho had not boon far away from his dwelling siuco thoy mado their appearance, and I10 would not probably go far now. Vory seldom' did tho pooplo from tho castlo leavo tlioir cavern during tlio day. Tho hunter had striven to impress it upon thom ? that they could bo safo only whilo out o£ sight, Thero was no tolling at what momont tho eyes .of 0110 of tho numerous spios might peer into tho cot. As for ffiTii solf, they dared not molest .liim without causo. ' Sir Pascal know that I10 enjoyed a pledgo of personal security from both the grand duko and tho emperor. Why those magnates had thus honored liim I10 did not know ; I10 only know it was so. So Irono sat,' in licr higli-backod chair, hor oyes half closod, tliiuking of something that had often occupicd hor thoughts of lato, 0110 hand resting upon hor lap, whilo tho other stole unconsciously up until it pressed her bosom, when sho was aroused from hor roverio by tho sound of a footfall behind hor, coining from tho direction of tho rear of tho cot. Slio quickly turned, and started to her feet. Her breath came and went, her faco grew suddenly palo, and then tho rich colour mounted to cliook and lomplo, whilo, slio caught the. back oflier chair for suunort. Ho of whom slio had been thinking, looking handsomer, slio thought, than ovor, his clear, honest oyes smiling upon her. with a gaze earnest aud sincere,' stood bo foro her. ' Wolfgang 1' she whispered, boforo sho thought. ' Doar lady — Irono ! — lot 1110 boliove that I anawolcomo.' 'But, sir, how did you 001110 ? I saw you not.' , ' No. I am a favored one. Your father, wlion I waa here onco bofore, — it has seemed an ago to mo — initiated 1110 into the mystery of tlio seorot pass. ' Why did her lioart bound so happily at that? Why did it give her such quick, : thrilling joy to know that her father had so trusted this man? Ah, poor heart 1 poor heart ! It had beconio captivo, and sho know it. Sho realized now, if never be fore, that she loved this man. And yet sho scarcely know him. How strange it .was. How liad it como to pass 1 But sho had 110 timo now for further spepulation or philosophising. Tho new comor took heiv'iiand as a brother might havo done, and asked for hor father — or, rather, where he was. Ho did not appear to bo in a hurry to seo him. Sho told him that I10 had gono out to shoot somo game and — Sho had got so far when she stopped. ' Ah, I seo,' ho said. ' Let us converse for a fow mofiionts. I want information which you can give 1110. ' Ho pointed her to a chair, and then sat near her. ' Now, dear lady, I want to know what is going 011 here. As I told you onco be fore, I will help your friends-if I can ; and that the ability will bo mine I havo not the least particle of doubt. Trust mo. You will trust a true heart, bo suro.' Her tongue was loosened as though by the touch of a magician's wand. She could not have felt more confidenco in hor beloved father than sho felt at that mo ment in tho nian before her. She asked him of what she should tell him. ' ' Of ovory thing, 'he answered. ' 1 1 wanl to know what Dunwolf is doing at the castlo. ' Then she wont on and told him the story. She told first of Dunwolf 's arrival at the castle immediately after tho funeral of old Sir Arthur; then of the adventure of Ernest von Linden on tlio road ; then of his being entrapped and cast into tho dungeon ; then of the escape and flight to the cot ; and. finally, of the precautions they had beon obliged to take on account of the spies that Sir Pascal had posted in the forest. She said her father had counted moro than twenty of tliem. It would be impossible to describe the various emotions which had beon manifest in her listener during her recital. ' Ah !' ho ejaculated, ' and this villain thinks we,, will givo him our help 1 I will liolp liim 1 But it shall bo to — what lie little dreams of. .And tho ladies of the castle aro still lioro ?!' et' Yes, yes.' ' Woll, well,— let tliem remain for a time longer, but it shall not bo for loiig. We must wait until our vory dear friend in yon dor chamber of the' mountain is ablo to be up and doing. He is the man upon whom tho final solution depends. Wo will pot call his namo, but, my dear girl, do not you think badly of liim. Bo suro I10 iB not so black as I10 is painted.' With this tho young man rose quickly from his chair, and took two or tlirco turns to aiid fro across tho room. Onco I10 stopped near Irono, and gazed into her faco. Then he walked to and fro onco more, and finally, with slow and thought ful stop, he returned to his seat, which I10 moved nearer to tho maiden boforo I10 sat down. ' ' Irene,' ho said, speaking with solemn earnestness, ' I wish you to answer me a question — to answer it from your heart. I would havo you look to your own good ; but, if you can, givo a littlo thought to me and my weal. If you thought — if you be lieved— that you could make of 1110 a good imd happy man — a 1111111 who should be ol somo use to his fellows aud of value to liiE country — would you give yours (J| to the work ? Would you bo willing to place your hand in miiio, and go with me to the end ?' His oyes of celestial bluo wero brimming and beaming with a light thai was infi nitely tender and truo. Tlio quivering maiden folt her own oyes fill ; her bosom heaved tumultuously ; and sho could 110 moro havo spoken at tho moment than she could liavo flown. Wolfgang took her unresisting hand, and repeated the question. Ho spoke very softly, and with an earnestness that' was of the heart. A littlo timo I10 waited, and thon said : ' Irene, — you do not refuse iric ? You do not say me nay ? Then, doar girl, will you by and by, when you have consulted youi own heart, and reflected moro deeply, give me an answer?' ' Yes, yes,' slio cried, and slio would havo buried hor faco in her hands, but he gently hold them fast, wliilo lie presently whispered : : ' I wish you would toll mo that 1 may hope. Irono, I liavo not told you how beautiful you aro, nor havo I told you how deeply and ardontly I havo learned in this brief time to lovo you. I would not have asked yo;i that question if ir.y lovo — the deopest, purest love my heart can know — had not been all your own. And now — givo me. a sign, that I may livo in hope of a happier, bottor -life than I liavo over yet known.' Sho looked up, and met his ardent, gazo, and its wondrous wistfiilneSs conquered. A sweet, loving smilo broke through tho gath ering moisture of hor eloquent eyes as sho softly whispered : ' If it can mako you happier — if it can mako you — 0 ! I' daro not say, better* but if it can givo you liolp for tlio eoiniiig timo, I would not refuse you I, he hope you jiBk.' ' 1' Ton thousand blessings for that word !' and I10 lifted hor hand to liis- lips, and im printed upon it a kiss. Ho had just rison from his seat and was upon tho point of speaking further, whon tlio hunter entered. He started 011 behold ing tho visitor, and a cry of sitrpriso broke ' roiii his lips. Irene aroso, trembling with ail apprehen sion sho could not define. How would her father receive tlio man who had gained from hor more than an implied pledgo of love— had gained Jovo itself ? If she luul fears, thoy woro quickly set at rest. Sho .as watching eagerly, anxiously, and this wos what sho saw : With an exclamation of gladness, follow ing closo upon that, of surprise, hor fathor grasped the visitor by tho hand, holding it with a fervent gri]- ; - and slio saw iirhis faco the warmth and fervor of genuine affection. 'Good old Martin,' said Wolfgang, aftor having quieted the Inmtor'u fears by inform ing him that I10 had como by way of tlio secret pase, ' vour daughter, God bless her for an angel of love and -mercy, has told 1110 of all that has transpiied at'tlio castlo, and of tho exodus of its mistress an .1 her fair daughter. ' As the young man thus bestowed his heart's blessing upon his fair informant, tho hunter gazed first upon tlio speaker and then uponhisdaughterjand ono whowatched nar rowly would have soon an oxpression of infi nite joy and satisfaction upo^j,, his. honest faco. Ireno saw it, and from 'that moment the- die was cast. ® N Tho two mon conversed a littlo further, after which tho hunter cautioned his daughter to keep tlio visit of Wolfgang to hersolf, thou took his visitor by tho arm and led him towards tlio asylum of tho wounded chieftain. (To be Continued) * 060 — 000 At a final examination the professor gavif a vory difficult question to 0110 of the can didates. The nervous. pupil 'remained silent. ' Come away, my ?boy,' said the examiner, paternally ; ' don't be troubled. Does tho question embarrass you?' 'It isn't tlio question that bothers me,' replied the pupil) ' it is the answer !' 000—000 'We liavo a span of horses,' said an economist the other day, ' 011 our farm, ? that support themselves without any cosL 'Why, how, is that?' exclaimed a listener. ' Why, you see,' remarked the questioned, ' 'ono is a saw horse, the other, a clothes horse. ' 000 — 000 Sterne, -who used liis wifo very ill, was talking to Garrick, in exuberance of senti mentality, in praiso of conjugal,love and fidelity. ' Tlio husband,' said he, '.'who behaves .unkindly to his wifo, deserves to have his. houso burned over liis head.' ' If you think so,' said Garrick, ' I hopo yorir house is insured.' 000 — 000 ^ ' Yes,' I10 said ; ' I attended a bulUfight in Mexico once, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.' 'I cannot understand how, ono can onjoy a brutal affair of that kind,' was tho * reply. ' Nothing brutal about- the fight I refer to.' ' Don't you consider it brutal for a lot of Mexicans to wantonly kill a bull ?' ' Yes, but iii .this caso a bull killed a lot of -Mexicans.' ? ' ' When a young man , waltzes,' writes a master of tho ceremonies to a papor, 'ho will d(V wisely to keep his fingers still. No thing aggravates a young lady moro than to imagine you aro trying to count tho whale bones 'in. her dress.' 000 — 000, A paper heads an article ' How Hatters are poisoned. ' But who wants to poison liattor? It is tho shoomaker who pro niises to have your boots done 011 Saturday night, and disappoints you three times, that you want to kill. 000—000 ' Why should a red cow givo white milk ?' was tho subject for discussion in a literary society. After an hour's oarnost debate, tho secretary was instructed to milk tho cow and to bring in a decision ac cording to the merits of the milk. It was bluo. 000—000 A mail wont into tho bush last Sunday for a walk. Ho carried his overcoat 011 his arm, but finding it burdensome liuug it 011 a fence. Taking a card from his pockot lio wroto : 'Do not touch this coat ; in fected with Bmall-pox.'1 Ho came back two hours lator and .found tlio card, upon , which was written undorricath his warning: ' Thanks for tho coat ; I've had tlio small pox.' ? 000 — 000 ' Aro you going to Qucenscliff this sunl nier?' asked a Molbourno man to a friend, who is an invalid. ' 0'!- yes, and I am going to batho tlit'eo . times a day,' was tho reply. 'Do -you think, it will do you any good?' . . 'Yes; tlio doctor says I must tako a toddy after each bath to restore tho circu lation. That's why it does 1110 good.' ' Woll, I'm going, loo, this summer. That's just tlio. kind of invalid I am.' 000 — 000 A worthy old farmer, who thoroughly detested-taxes and tax-gatherers, was once called 011 by a collcctor a second time fur taxes ho had paid, but for wliich ho had mislaid tho receipt ; and, as I10 told the story to a friend, exclaimed ' Would you bolieve it, sir, the fellow began tu abuso 1110 1' 'Woll,' said his friend j' what did you do ?' ''Do? Why, I re monstrated with him!'-' ' And to what udett?' 'Well, 1 don't know to (vhut effect ; but tho poker was bent 1' \- 600 ' . . »? 