Oity Cliat. BY THE FARCEUR, After repeated attempts Mr. Disastrous Dibbs has at length succeeded in committing political suicide. During bis long political career he lias done some goorl deeds ; many foolish ones, but it is very doubtful if he ever did anything so palpably absurd as lie did when he moved his vote of censure on the Government over its action on the Chinese trouble a few nights ago.' By previously voting with the Government on the subject, the House had virtually condoned whatever errors had been made, and yet Mr. Dibbs coolly bobbed up and asked those members to pass censure on themselves. Naturally enougli'they positively refused to do so, and the man from the Murrumbidgec came down such a cropper in consequence thereof, that "it is ■aid that he has at last seen llie error, of his ways, and intends to resign his leadership of the Opposi tion. This is very like a nvm sending in his resig nation after he has been sacked, for it is sometime now since Mr. Dibbs had the honor of leading . the Opposition. His hasty temper and rude- like ob stinacy, will always prevent his being a leader of men ; more especially of such mtn as now consti tute the Opposition, for-nine-tenths of them believe that they themselves ore the only persons qualified to act as leader. Had it not been for the kindness of the Government who generously whipped up a' quorum for one occasion only, Mr. Dibbs' vote of, censure would have enjoyed the unprecedented experience of being counted out. 'As it was, how ever, the Government'heaped coals of lire upon1 their opponents head by providing a House of 4G members, 41 of whom voted against the motion, nnd now, all that remains is for Ninny Melville to fix up the political funeral of its misguided mover. So .long as the Opposition remains in the selfish disorganised, state it is. the stability of the .Parkes party is as safe as that of the Bank of England. # # # The very latest phase of the Anti-Chinese rack-; et is one which is by 110 means satisfactory, and not at all calculated to inspire us with a firm trust in our rulers either.. The Government lias i\pw de cided to appeal to the Privy Council against the decision of the Supremo Court with respect to the Chinkees who were willing to pay the poll-tax, and to release the three men named in the poll-tax writs only. The consequence of the latter decided is that the Mcnmuir has cleared out with 9 Chinese on board, who were not allowed to land, although the highest legal authorities in the colony declared tliey could not be justly prevented from doing so. This js certainly a most dangerous precedent to establish, and it is likely to prove a remarkably costly one.too. Already a Board of Compensation, consisting of Mr. Street M.P., Mi'. Powell. Collecct of Customs, and Mr. Quong Tart, has been formed for the purpose of deciding how much we are to hand over to the Chows wo detained, and those .whom we packed oil also, by way of indemnification for .the loss of their valuable time, and the anguish of mind they suffered at 'being prevented from enjoying their opium revels and social " swarrys " up the slums with their. Maly Anns and Lizzies. Good judges of such matters assert that between the costs of the Supremo Court cases and this com pensation business, our little bill will total fnlly £50,000, but if the racket lias to go before the Privy Council, heaven only knows into how many figures "the foolery will run. Think of this seriously for one.moment. Here we are with an.enormous de ficit, which, will undoubtedly total three millions at the end of the year, and the only steps we aro , taking to reduce this burden is to slop more .money I away in foolish fads, and to entangle ourselves in legal difficulties, tho cost of which makes one's very hair , stand on end with horror when I10 thinks about it; The look-out is Jnofc cheerful, l}ut it doesn't.seem to trouble any one much, for tho stylo we colebrated our last holiday would lead a stranger to bclievo that every man here had a Mount Morgan mine in his back yard, and the whole country was a prosperous land flowing with milk and honey which is a.Scriptural phrase for tanglefoot and whisky. 1 \- # # # It is wonderful how much information a man may acquire by simply finding out things ho never knew before. At tho Orange Police Court a few day ago, Sub- Inspeetor Ford rose with the horror stricken air of a roan who lind just bumped up against a Mulgoa ghost, and told tho Bench tlmt he had been informed byiaJ.P. that two'members of Parliament were allowed to gamble with cards in n rail way train on Sunday, the railway officials supplying them with pencils, and asked what could be expected when mombers of Parliament set such .an example. This reminds mo of the guileless young man, who at a social party consisting almost solely of the softer sex; asked in a loud tone, if it-were really.true that ladies wore night-caps in bed ; upon which his disgusted hostess sharply deolared thatsuch egregious ignorance was wholly inexcusable. If Mr. Sub-In spector Ford looks to our M's.P. for, good examples of how to spond the Sabbath Day, or anything else';, lie must be verdant onough for tho grass to spront out tbrougli the top of his head, arid as the lady said, ■{• egregious ignorance is wholly inexcusable." If it . couM be proved that .tlio M's.P. in question didn't palm off cold hands -on each other when shuffling out, the leaves of their " devil's prayerbooks" we might even.look upon them as paragons of virtue, and as for the railway officials providing tho dis tinguished travellers with stationery to enable them to enjoy their cheerful little Sunday recreation, why what in thunder our railway officials for but to ministers to the wants of our heaven-born aris tocracy?. Mr. Ford'muBt bo a very sappy Sub-In spector indeed, and if I10 isn't looked up for pro tection soon tho fool-killer may tramp round and organise his funeral. ^ '# Not long ago tho editor of this journal pertin ently asked•" What shall we do with our sons?" and tlio more wo ponder over the conundrum then •put forward,the. more difficult.does it appear to be • of solution; Not having any sons mysolf I am not soriously affected, but still, homo sum, as the old Roman poet sang, and nothing that affects my fellow-men is of indifferenco to mo. The old answer, " Marry them to our girls," won't do, for in many cases this only makes the position of tho sons worse than xiver.: Decentralization seems to bo as good a roinedy for this trouble as I can see, for so long as our young men are taught to turn up their bugles j at honest work and crowd into our largo cities in search of something genteel, so long will our editor's prize conundrum always remain a source of infinito trouble. Next to religion tlioro is nothing on earth so 6aored as honest labor, and tho ancionts know this well when they made one of.their watchwords run Laborare eat ornre—-to labor is to pray, . Every one knows that thoip is no life so calculated to en sure good health ati the farmers, but the trouble now is that owing to tho jackass .nature of our fiscal policy "farming simply spells starvation. Remedy this and a great, portion of our young men well at once bo provided with something profitable to do, and then if they fail to seize their opportunities the blamo will rest with themselves. ^ From Paris there comes 0110 answor to tho Times wiizzlo, and it Bays "Make cocks of your sons"— not" salt hbrso and damper duffors, of course, but thorough' professional cooks—and the example is quoted of tho cook .of tho Caf6 Paillard, who has iiist-sinned an agreement with Vanderbilt, tho American millionaire, to go to Now York for five years; at a salary of £1600 ayear-moro than wo pay a Cabinet Minister. In all ages cooks like this one have been able to command fabulouB sumB, • simply for bossing a woll-trained staff of assistants under thorn, and in Sydney wo have a few knights of the kitohon who can aljvays scoop 111: their £10 a week without any. trouble. Ude, the great, maestro. who sorved tho Duko of York, never accepted less than £1000 a year, and on one occasion he throw his billot up simply bcoausd his master's taste was so vulgar that ho preferred'.beof-steak to tlio most plaborato dish his; oliej could turn out, and on nnothor occasion ho yloft a like profitable omploy mont because a guest at his master s dinner put pepper into his soup. " Milor," .shr ukud tho en Vaced artist. " It is an. Insult: to me to supposo my uniin can't vant ze pepparo, or anyzing-olso aftoro it leave my liands. boo'day." Women never make tin-ton cooks, chiofly beoauso thoy;arp never rnur. "«wtvor tip-top' oators, and then again, cooks, like poots.must bo W # ^ Ttifl.rlnir from tho eagerness with which our work men htoffi strikes ou the slightest provoca lion, it wouid seem as if they could find plenty to do whenever it suited them to ao it; but X have grave doubts mysolf, as to the benefits which the horny- handed receive from these lock-outs. To in crease the workers trouble machinery is still crowd ing in, and it really cooks as if the day is not far distant when even the human race Iwill be propa gated by machinery. In the S.Z1. Herald office there is a sample machine at work which does all the business of a compositor; except strike for higher wages, and drink soda-water out of a bucket. And from Youngcomestlieawful (or glorious) intelligence thnt Messrs Chant and Pateman, blacksmiths, have invented a machine which will dig and remove earth from . tanks, drains, railway cuttings, and do any other work that is at present performed by pick and shovel, or scoop and plough. This machine was tried the other day at Brunswick, Victoria, in the prescncc of! a large concourse of capable judges, and the trial, performed by the aid of a couple of good horses on hard ground, is pronounced by the Argus to have been perfectly successful, Working sccadily the machine will cut and take out a yard of earth a minute, requiring only two men to attend to it, but the inventors declare that a skilful driver with a wel'-trained team could manage it alone, Should the affair prove Jo be the success that the Argut claims it to be it will certainly revolutionise the country, for it will do what is now considered to be a fair weeks' work for a gang of navvies in a day or so. How thenavvics will faro is another matter altogether; but before we howl over this we must remember that when railways first appeared a cry went up that ■all our coach drivers, grooms, Baddlers, farmers, <fcc., would beruined by the new invention of the dovil: and yet these people Btill live and are all the better for the help of Stephenson's once much-dreaded monster, * * * "City Chat," by "The Farceur," crowded out last issue, appears in this. Double dose this time. # # Clouds are lowering o'er,the leonine head of Pre mier Parkes, /During his!long public career ho has done some sensible.things, and quite,a heap of foolish ones ; but it is doubtful if he ever' before acted as foolishly as he hns done in dealing with the Chinese trouble,, At Wagga he spoke so highly of the Chows that some declared lie was a lineal descendant of old Confucious himself; but no sooner did he return to Sydney than ho wheeled' round completely and likened the heathens to a plague, a pestilence, and a cursc. This was not all, however, for in the wildness of his fury, he grew positively disloyal; ;and : told the House that— " Neither for licr Majesty's ships of war, nor for her Majesty's representative; on the spot, nor for the Secretary of State, did he intend to turn back from his purpose, which is to terminate the landing of Chinese on this shore for ever," These be prave worts, but they came with very bad, grace from the man, who when a half-witted unfortunate lay un der sentence of death for popping at the Duke of Edinburgh, wrote out a Treason Felony Act, which legalised the instant imprisonment of any person who spoke disrespectfully of the Queen, or refused to'drink , her health when called upon to do so. iUnder this Act one;of the present.members for Orangej Mr. James Dalton, and . several: other Js.P. were struck off the roll for refusing to sign some stupid un-oallcd for declaration of locality, and if anyone cared to cnforco it nnw, it is very probablo that Sir Henry could be arrested under his own Act for his open defiance of her Majesty, and ." her Majesty's representative, o^ the spot j or at any rate, ho might have the K.C.M.G. titlo taken from liim and conferred upon the old Kiama Ghost, # # # ... \- As n matter of fact, however, the Chinkies have landed, in spite of all the Premier's bluster. The Supremo,Court very properly,decided that .it ;W0S a, highly, unconstitutional act to, detain' those men, who held exemption papers on board the.vessels for; a single moment, ana wo will bo . very, lucky if we; do not haye a good stiff bill to pay, by way of com pensation for the Premier's, blundering. When the. JSupremo,- Court's verdict, was . giyen, the police, authorities, harassed by writs on the one'side and' opposite orders on the other, waited on Sir Henry for advice how to act, but he sulkily replied—" The ,only instructions I have , to give weio the instruc tions'given on the 4th of May."' This was simply ..passing,the responsibility on to the Judges, and, not at all. the act of ,a great statesman! as ,.tho Premier, pretends' to be.' The police subsequently took the chance of tlio. game, .and ,cleverly smuggled the Chows on sliore between 2 arid 3 o'clock one morn ing j to the intense disguBt of the gay .and festive larrikins, who had had their pockets well packed ■jWith, blue,,metal for -24 hours. before, .and hung rburid.'the Circular, Quay fully; determined that our bonze-headed visitors; .would .have ' no cause to grumble'at the coolness of their reception,' /. ... * # A. ,# ■; , ' ". Tho, Opposition, led. on by, Mr. Dibhs, has, of. course, raised a great howl over the unconstitutional character of the refusal to allow'the Chows to land; but, ratlier unfortunately for.George Bichiird, it is remembered that he acted in a. precisely. similar 'manner when'tho Irish informers wore sent out hero in the Pathan by the British Government. Mr. Dibbs was then a member of the Stuart Govern ment which at.onco declared that, in the interests of tlio public'safety, it was not desirable to lot those wretches land ; and the Government actually succeeded- in- beating them off altogether. Now, this was even worse than repulsing the passengers ,of ;the. Afghan and Tsinan, ,Lo Pak is simply a heathen Chinee, but Ah "Skin-thc*goat," the Irish informed and his fellow skunks were British sub jects", obeying British laws, arid if tho captain of the Pathan had claimed the protection of the Ad miral here, it is probable that tho latter would have compelled us.by forco, to. allow Gary's chickens." tb settlo down amongst us. In reply, to tho protest of the'A.fghan; and Tsinan skippers, Bear-Admiral Fairfax declared ,thot, it was .tlie. duty of .the , local authorities tb provide tho protection asked for, arid he declined to act, except by the authority of tho Home Government. This was a " winder " for Sir Henry, to whoso influence wo can, in a groat mensuro, credit tho passing of tho Naval Defence Fund Bill, and who would liavo found .himself in a precious ■ fine fix if the Homo Government had insisted on tlio Chinese bofng landed ; for.'any' opposition on tho Premier's part would then probably havo led to his arrest, and enforced sojurn on one of England's," not Australia's, .war-ships. ", ' ' "' • " ' # " ;. * # As mattore stand now, Sir Henry has drafted a little Bill, which, as ho Bays, will amount to Chinese 'prohibition.' By this Bill only 1 Chinaman ,can bo brought hero for every 800 tons of a vessel's ton nego ;• each Ghinkie must pay £100 of a poll-tax before he lands, and oven then ho will only be al lowed to reside 'in certain localities settled on by tho Government. To fix his flint still further, ho will not bo allowed to mine on any diggings what ever, and will liavo to pay an annual register of 10s. On top of this, however, we have it on the author ity of tho London Times that " it is Lord Salisbury, and not Sir Henry Parkes, who will have to deal with this mattor of Chinese immigration to Aus tralia as between Great Britain and Oliina, and who will have to answer as best ho can tho objcc ieetioiv of China that treaty obligations have boon broken." That's tho latest feature in this oxtromoly ticklish troublo, and a remarkably undesirable sort of feature it is too. : ■:* ;■■■■• • • • " For fear Premier Parkes'cup,of affliction was not full enough, tho illustrious' David Buohanari has boon duly returned by a majority of 2G8 for Central Cumberland, and to uso Dawrid's own terrible words—" When ho stalks up to tho left of tho • Spoakor, Sir Henry Parkes will Bliake in- his -Bhoes and his ber-lnd will cur-r-dlo in his veins,'' Davie did stalk up tho other night, but tho Speakor promptly stalked him out again ; as tho writ of his election had not been returned. Since then the mattor has boon fixed O.K., but strange to say, Sir Henry still lives, and his bor-lud doesn't curdlo any more than a crow-bar does. Of tho throo evils sub mitted to.them. it. >vould seem that tho Central Cumberlandors dooidod to clioso tho IcaBt; for. oven if wo got no real political benefit from Davie, thero is little doubt but that ho will furnish us with lots of fun, Most significant, is the fnct (.hat, al though ttioro'aro 0005 voters on tho Central Cum berland,roll, only 2597 took tho troublo to go to tho poll j the "balance probably consoling themselves with tho fact that it didn't matter a dump which of tho throo candidates was returned. Davie may be called the father of the Protection movement here, Eighteen years ago he started the cry, and was soundly laughed at by men who' are now the loudest in favor of what they once called, the " Buchanan Graze." In season, and out of season, Davie has stood up manfully for his theory, and he deserves all praise for bis pluck and perse verance. As a Protectionist, he, of course, claims to be a true friend of tho working man; but by some remarkable fiack of inconsistency he is also a strong advocate for Imperialistic Immigration, and while at home never ceased advising the workmen of England to swarm out here as fast as they could, for Australia was a real paradise for the homy handed working man. If David were to take a stroll ronnd our domain, and parks, and wharves he would find scores of unfortunate workers stretched out in the cold, nipping, frosty air; simply because they cannot find enough work in this Paradise of theirs to provide them with the luxury of a six penny bed, Davie must change his Assisted Immi gration tupe before he becomes truly popular with tho wurrikum mabn ; for that down-trodden party is quite convinced that there are too many of his persuasion here at present. # # # ~ And, speaking of Protection, the good and pure Government has decided to repeal the duties on butter, cheese, and bacon ; but the duties on kero sene and maizeua'are to be'retained.' Of course'the majority, of us prefer the former articles to the lat ter, in the way of food, but there is something more in this decision than at first appears upon the.'Bur .face, , Farmers are the only persons who are affected'by_ the butter, cheese, and bacon business; and being in the eyes of us aristocrats a poor, no account class, easily fooled by a plausible promise or two, we take no interest in .their little troubles whatever. Bespecting the kerosene trade, however, our great and glorious capitalists are interested in that, and it would be nothing short of high treason to'attcmpt to reduce their already princely incomes by even a farthing., . It is said that Mr. Street, who is one of tlfc members for Bast Sydney, and who is also the Chairman of the Board of: Directors? for tho Oil and Shale Company, has several times asserted in' semi-public conversations' that if the duty on kerosene, were knocked oil his company would care fully go bung, and no doubt his feara iare well grounded, By all means, therefore,' let that duty be kept on but if it is correct to assist the inter ests of the capitalists.: vrhy not give the poor struggling farmers a show as well—or, putting it in; more homely termsWhy should wo always grease the fattest sow,?". :And, furthermore, what sort of a bastard Freetrade, Government is it that, fosters six industries, and shuts down on half-a dozen more? v To persons, about, to .marry. .In order to prevent! you from fillling your head with tho insane belief i that you are about to strike the royal road which: leads to the fortune of Bothechild, I feel it my duty, .to inform you that Sir Henry Ponsonby feels it his! duty to inform the world, that on and after this! date, the so-called " Queens Bounty" for triplets; haB been reduced from £3 to £2 ; as the, times are! very; hanl witlr Queen's at' present^ and' it' takes them all they know; to kdfap tne wolf from the' dtior.' Quedn&'must pay'lhe butchfer,; and the ;baker, alid the printer, just the samo as ordinary mortals"do^ although, by the way, all ordinary mortals don't— and'therefore/it is necessary for them to retrench at times, and not lose sight of the fine old maxim! that Charity begins at home,", and tho closerj she sticks | to: home the better for her. Having carefully studied the' present triplet tariff I find that if a healthy pair of persons marry at tho ago of 20 and live to the ago of 00, and are for tunate enough to raise triplets every year they will have amassed the handsome sum of just£140. This id worth thinking over in these times of hardship and dearth of work, and tho'matter seems very simple; but having.no ambition to' become a millionaire, I freely, give the secret away to any oho who wishes to.securo a fortune'for tho lowest possible outlay, and dm' willing to' accept ■ and' invite to all the christening shivoos,. ' ' : • . . : ■ -■#!.: v * / ;:.< Arid tills reminds me.that; just,at,present, the! welkin rings with!.the gleeful' shout, of God Save the Queen." Somehow !tlie welkin "doesn't seem to.ring.quite so, loudly, as it "used .to;did but then, our Sovereign Lady is 69. years old to-day,1 and consequently, wb aro getting a little hoarse iri'tbc .way of shouts., So far as l': can judge her Majesty is good for another 69 years still, and so far ns his chance of coming to the British Throne is concerned, the chances of tho Heir Apparrent arc. about equol to those ,of Alderman. Cross being created the next Pope of' Borne. . There are many who think that that young man—tho Prince ; not the, Alderman—is far better off as ho is, and that his! peoplb aro better off still j for when all is reckoned up, our Queen deserves to ranlc amongst tho best of monarohs that old England has seen— though that is not saying much after all, for, with one or two exceptions, the said monarchs were a very scaly lot, indeed; and when not engaged abroad filling their enemies up with arrow-neads and lead, they simply sat in State at home and filled themselves up with what they, in their playful phraseology, used to term ''Yo dom goodo glass of beer."' More of them had a weakness for women, and a few of the feminine rulers had a weakness for men j generally speaking, tho lot were of no more use to their country than a figure head is to a ship, but no one can accuse our present Sovereign of being cast in a base mould, and so let us send up one more ringing shout of "God Save tho Queen." 