RUNNING GHRUSTS .TO. EARTH. (TSe .oSTON oLOnB.) I Tackling spirits, seizing apparitlons' by the throat, nailing halluolnations, peering into haunted houses, and boarding spooks I it their dna,, experimenting 'with thought I traneference nudtlmeeamerem, and in gInstel monkeying wich all :the, unfathemable nmysteries of,, the human.aoul-- thles Ithe unique occupation of a body of learned .men called the American Society for P'yoalio?l tesearoh. . ' • . , . In a back coom''of' a nlodest.lookiog I house in Boyleston place is the headquarters of the society's a secretary, Richard Hodgson, LL.D. . In' this simple room, tiled with books;, pamphlete, and aireulate, sits the man who hopes that, hi, efforts will aid in iolving.the riddle that all the eages of all toe nations have given up' in vai--the '"riddle of the painful earth." He hole I not many-yearer ill elapse ere anti factory answere oan be given to these worldeold, questions: What is mind'? What is the soult Ies t immortal? "What it life and what Is death?. He hopes that sIature's eupremost seorete will be wrung by' force rom her bosom, and marvelloum revelations will be made to mankind. And:this know ledge will not be the result'of any arguments or of heautifully coonstraced theories, but of hard frozern faets. . Dr Hodgson it an Englishman, about thirty.seven yearaold, a graduate of Cam bridge University, a profoundly learned scholar, and ea lsvo.headed man of aiuch sound common sense. He Isa 'n on'henalst, and Is devoted, heart and sodil' to. the work t of the 'Ameriloan ociety' for Psychiost Be search. He certainly doesn't` look 'like; a man who hobnobs' with -ghosts, 'and Is on ape eking terms whit spirl's. In ..hianerxical work, which includes a vast correspondenoe, he" il aided by a good, robust-lnookng blonde apparition. She is aelsoyoung and quite pretty. With a aomowbht Indistinct' utterance, which scuds 'alhng at 'abnot twenty-two senote an hour, Dr Hodgaon told the writer bout the work of the Sbooety for Payoh6ast Rseearobh. i"Our society was formed,' he said, 0for the purpo-e" f mkjlahg b'i orgsfeed-and systematic attempt to tnvestigate that daerk border land of human experience, and to examino critieatly tile phenomena whion are not now . explained by any siattlhotuory theory. Scientiflo men of eminence'in'all cozuntries 'idmt the possible exiatience of what the uneducated call ghosts'or spirit '; and further, thatone mind may deert upon another a poeitive infloance otherwise ttan hr ugh the recognised sensory 'hanneles.'" " ' That Is, you mdan to say, doctor, thlat if, for instance, you are in Timbutloo, addI b in Oshkosh, I may feel my mind under an' I influence emanating 'from yours, which thudi annihilates time and space?' '." I SExaorly,' he replied. * 'And our soolety b is endeavouring to collect' from rdliblte eorces such facts, because if' they are'oriea a loncontestaly established they will prove bf the highest Importance. . 'The chief dpar~ t intse i of our work ° are : '1. An.examloatiaonaof the nature ind extent of. any 'infltened; Which' may b~ ft exerted by one mind .upon another in what ' is prpularly called a supeinatorl way: ' .'2. The study of 'hypn..tlm .and meo.. merism,.and the pheoomena of olsarvoyanoe. '3, An inquiry as to the existenoeof re Iations hitherto unrecogotied by 'science ! bet-sen living organisms and magnetic atid electric forcer. and between 'living and d ioanipate bodies. , ' . '4, A orefulin' 'etIfgiiilon of and reports; resting on s' raougtestimony,of apparitions occurring at the moment of death or other. wite, end of dlsturbanoos' in hoses reputed to be haunted. ' " ' I b: An"' nquIty ' into?'various, aslleged physical phenomoun;:'"tommonly palled spirleatllstio ·" I r .. *In aucordanoe hesrwith the researob work of our 'sootetytir divided -among Ave committees, all of -which are pcuided.over by men of unqudeotioned 'ility; learelog, nd fairness." Perotfeor H. P Rowditoib of, Harvard, ise ohirman ,of the Onmmittse on Thought Traunfereace; :Piaofedor 'JIsla Royce. of the Committee on Apparition and ii Haunted Hau.er; C~. i. Corcey, a' well known' lBoutoniaut,rof .the Oglmmsatee "on' Hypooisem; DreW.'N. Builtid, olBostin,' tf th~"C'ommittee on Medlnemfti.Pheno. tonas; .and Profesesor C. S. MtIat:fofi H.r vsrd, of' the Committee o? x.Ferimeetal Psychology. " That doesn't look like a colleation of oranke, does it? Our society is onipoed nof ' men of all sorts of blliefetadnau. beliefs. s Bome 'are' Splrltatiasteal ope. meatrialiest; some theists, asd some. 'egentles; but all fancat on thediscavery of thdwrueh, hot by argume.t' and rat1ooloattioa';out..gll4g the 't lines of incontestable experlaen', 'j ' 'Would 'an' inquiry.' as 'to 7p r opre per, t Senel belief be impertisent, doe or?' ::. ,i " I 'Well, I suppose, I ehotnll'bi:probably called a Spiritualist. Atnumber of. years go, when I was. a student in Cambr dge,' England, I. met a man; an tter stran·er to me I have slffiolent ense for believing that he knew nothing whatever' aout me 1 or my,past l'fe. 'And .et this man told me, I with such mteluteness-of. dtall,. ciraum-' r eances 'and I events 'whblh ,I'"knsw. every Ahe but myself: to be Ilgeorantl that I wad I foreed to confess his maraehlonue ilight ' When' tlea writerleoked a litt incredo 'ous and' ventured to Interpose an eplan . tion: of'l the '.phinomnon, the doctor I tnterrupted him and p ooeeded ' ' I ''This maui whom'I met 'almost byaoo- I lIpbtt decoribed tome'with eabialte fidelity , trtuth the peclliar manner of ty cou"in'a s tih.'in Alu rells twelve yearasprevlous, iare I was' then' liidggi He said' be saw iy'dousin' present witi, ur in theo'rnnto ; h·treh\head I. were datin e aloe talling stce sea I ai . talking n , n . He teol oftot? ' o rle s.tlaraak.togethlr. eaid of ltiihildshsb eretesthat myreulelt and I tad hitwesl 'ourlelves. He deserbi,' with perfest truth,. mar ' -umeagnflioutand yet enduring impressions received wheni I was a youth. In fast, my whole past ~ ife lay,. before him like an open book.. Erl?eiad my inmost eool. .-' ' SI "was at the tlme, it esornt i'uiere- ailoDn investlgating eplritualism, il .from theb. nunmbtr of fraUdl" Thad coma: adroise yo, may imagine how, hard I was to coovLne..': But this experience was ofiicient tonOver come my scepticism ,Anothbr Incident of adifterentcharaoter, however, which camse within 'my personal knowledge, served to confirm 'mybaille that mind acts upon mind independently of matter or of time and space An Eng'lish lady of my acquilntance livinlg in Lindo;' saw suddenly biefore her one afternoon the figure of her stiter, clad in a abshroad, and with her hair cut close to her hebd. This sister was at the time on the voyage home fronl'Tndila. It afterward proved that on the very day add at the very hour when my lady frlend saw the apprtllion her sister died bn board the veesol. She had had her hair cut'offto send to her friends at home's as asouvenr. " Why.do not a few nbch Instances as these, if incontrovertibly proved, establish your 'theory beyond all possabiliy' of doubt 2' 7 of 'Becanse,' replied Dr Hodgeon, as he filled his pipe,' we are reasoning froen'focts to theories, and not vice versa. The shore f?eas we have' the more solid s' 'our foundation. That would' beb' a 'very teoacberous structure which was placed only on one frail post. A theory of thought transference based on one or twb or' even it hundred cases, however'" well attested, would have no value. The exletenae of one spirit apart from''the'bdy would not prove the exislence of other epl.i a.' The folfilm. t of one dream, 'the reality of' one apparition, the verficailon of the 'premon?o' tion, mtlght be called a 'cocioldenoe, asid the itan who should attempt to builnd' ' theory bon it would be justly ridiculed. ''But give us out of 10 000 dreams,' apparitibns, or premonitions 1,000 which' are verified, acdd the 'plea of mere conooidence no 'longer holds' ' ,.;: " . ": Da,. you a'ntlicipalte satisfatory res1il from the sooioty's' invesetgaeion P ! ' ' Yes, personally, I can say that I do' But the?work is far from being completed. . We have a vast amount of evi lence,.bol t Ihlnot yet'examined and sifted. A great deal of it le, of course; utterly. worthless. :'The'replies so our cironulars askog for I'personal experiences are still coming in, and is will be oonths before tangible resnulte can be an hounoed.' I' . i'Do you consider the haunted house branch of the psychioal business a dividend paying one!?"'. - ..... T e enthuelastlo'dootor' gave the .ques. iloner a quizzical 'look,. drew tbrhee:rfour itancato whiffs a. his pipie anid asids!"No, that seems to nie the most'llusatisfaotory part of our work;L althoughieeveral incon- ' testable and unexplamoed facts have 'been gathered.'. ' , The Society for Psychioal Research guards its gathered materials with great eseteoy. Its rich fund of fact -Is 'not published' util they have been passed upon and thoroughly examinud by the various committees ;'even then the names of those whooontribute their experiences are in no ease furnisbed to the public. 'Among the following are some of the moit astounding facts on tho record ': ! On let January, 1880; at 10' a.m, Mrs '., a lady living' in a Western i towi' writes. to a'miember'of GCngress, tle kusband of ber daughter, in Washbiugon. "Dr Hodgson ha. seen theoriginalletter.'. Thisletter siplains a telegram which Mrs T. had sean only three hours before, acquiringabout her danghter'e health The original of.this telegram has, alao been neen by Dr Hodgeon, . The tolegram readse: To tils --,llme eta Reprlesta'ees Washlor iOn. OU.-I e.. ?ill wmeithllsosdlms. , The eigoatore is the mothers aunie.' Mrs. T.'e letter of explanation first says that she has been for some days anxious abouit her, daughter Nellie's health, .altiough' there had,been no illness of late.' Iitere from Washington had heed laokinLflor simos days ; be last one had .rprtesd" the daughter as having' just retuiiid ',from' suaking Bitften ' calls,. very . ted,., eud. nearly frozen.'. I waked,'. aad Mr. 'T., Sless night between 12 ind 1 o'clock', deeply impreesed with the feeling that Nellneeded me. I wanted to get up'and iend a telegram. If I had consulted or followed my own in cliuiatoos,. I would have dressed and "'gone down to the aittingroom'. ' Liter, however,' MIre. T. went to sleep again'; but' in'the morning the vivid impression returned:' r A, 7 a.uM. Mrs. T sent the telegram, and wrote appareutly .bfols she r. csived an answer, tfr in the?.margln of the letter ls added' the posterlpt: ' Telegran. 'here';' thank goodness you are well.' The ?lad in Washington, whose, mother had'd'had so, -' vivid "on"' ex?rlebOe,C "-had'?r"bbeho seriously' ill" ' dutidg' the' 'sathe ' nliti alithodgh the morning had found her mnouh' better ' '.er '?ttack'was a's iry'ah'ddeS'one, which: eha*desoribed' ai' niualgia "of' the iogs., with a hard obill. ' Is mustchave been.' eha 'ays; ' about the hoar'mentioned in my Imotler's letser ' stitalI' at' last exelaimed' "Oh, don's I wisnamawase here.l I shall ased: for h6rf tomorroewif la'm not better." ' " In the morning came the telegram ifromthe West,'but the patient was bester, andeshe anudher' husband w re puasled at her mother's uneasiness, and' replied by telegraph: ' We areUll-well;- what is 'the matterellt you': ' " ... i: A Boston,lady, whoe ooeltin is ea abso alee g6lraotee'of ierfecr' good fallb, wrote from Hambuig, Germany, on 23rd Jnse last, "o.her, elster,, who -was. a t time In Boston:-' I" very nearly ;wroe from: the anaue,' sase the Isser, to say. hat iwas cerya thakfnl l? skenw had a. letter f aom ( ion on 18th ioe -saying that you. weres w.ll and 'happy. • On the nighb of,the 17th ,I bad what ;n supposed-to- be a ,pl.bth mar·s; batte all seenld'to:'belong toyoasnd ltobe a horrid pain iyeuar,'eadi as If' it waer being foroibly j elmsed.inlo ,u-n ron. easque r some snch ,.sleant ointeeament of sort'.re."' Thequeer prlt ,of itwas ?y own diasso:lation fromn the pain and. the conviotilon that It was yours.' Thislatter,. written from'itarope ,ix days after:the nightmare, leaves no room for, supposing ,tbatnynow forgotten orre.pondeneshad pu-sed meanwhile. .I. is, therefore, inter.u 'estio? to find: on a bill made out by a pro. ,minient Boston dentist, under date of 19:h June of lastl year, and addresetd.tothe heuband of the lady to whom the foregoing letser weawritten, ans item for one and two third hours' work on I7ttb'Juoe. ' It i'iso intrnestlog. lI learn from the lady'. +n' qpesatin tha this weork was performed for' herelf, and was doize.' po very' paInful' 611in. . Thedisoomfort snooeesdig this work contionued as a dull pain for some hoers. and most have0.been aimeltaneonu wilhh hlr 'sister's nightmare. a u nli gentleman Ilvieg ah Abay' libad besen l for~ months. His married daugher 'Idad at Woroester. Oe eovening last s.ummer she suddenlyt laid down' the 'beok she was reading and said to herhushaumi?t: "I believe father is dtlg.f"' Ih· a ?u s strangely oveiorome by. thin tmpresslhs. 'am there .had b sen nothing 'whatevr In" t_ convesation oat in bet own th5oghti' to 1letd to the 'eu"jrbt of er fathers' hesslh. 'All that areddg and th~i net mot?ini-" feeling heuntsd her, nntil a desptOhllr 'ame st, tig that her father had di.d the evoeg beflore. ','' '' '' A'Lowell physlointn was called' to see a" pallent' abut 10 o'clock. one night. It w?s extremely darkl- and 'to alighting', 'from' 'hi. ',ealeynOe "- be tade 'an" m leletp -' and sprrlaon d ','h-h ankle severely. 'ili wifoe who waLat nhome in 'bed aslep, asoddenly' woatlea"Wlsh'th vivid impreenion that an atoident had oo ocrred to her housband. She arease, awakeed the servant, and onmmaoelated her fearn'?o her. Nothing enald induce htier to returno to bed. At 1 d'slook the doctor rsturned. ian it was found thattht moment ol thea eidest and' o hls' wife's awakenlng'were elmale tlneoeu. • He'nwas' three ' miles away i from houes at tbhe time . ' A' yong. lady of" Bosten wee vslttini her unle at Mlontuller, Vs. He hail h?st recently'nmoei5 thek? and sheolhad nevwr beet ina the :?ren : Moonltalr?v 'te'f - Ifra. The day •fiter her arrival h' took her to a jeweller's to es· a cnlsnp tinmepl?ce whloh had been mentic?e S--local newspaper. This jeweller was a Ienii m:hane to both naole sao niece. aitbed haovr n heard of blhm before. The 2pUman introdeaed himself, and made ag h, s h e ead. ana preented bin aiec. 'flalewe , a 'eep eourteesagaffble man Wqethod out his hand to the yon lady. d y.tys oarght mIht of It. she tumnd pale, bed- to tremble. cad did not take the prOfered. hand. On leavieg the store she eold to her pile, * 'I could no. shake bhadewithtbhat manl; there I blood on bil ingere..He Is a murderer.' Her uncle Seidiouled the idea. bu it wa aellrwardl I?eined that'thirteen yeare before the jeweller bad been indicted for murder, althbough, owfglo the breaking down of a witmnes who at the frst examination had told a esralehtforward story, he had escaped Mrs J.. living in the suburbs, had spent ie torning shopping in Beoston. She says,. I retuorled home by trtein joust in time to dt down wih my ohildren to dinner. l.M youaeet a sensitive, qulck.witeed little maiden of three years, was one of She cirole. Dinner bed joest oommenced when I sod dealy recollected an intidento of the morniong eitoppng experince, whrlh I meant to tell her, endI looked it the child with the' full 'ntention of sayinlg, Mamma saw a big black dog in the store.' catching her eyes it rine as I paused an Ietan' before sp. aking Just then something called off my attention. a·ed the sentence was not attered. Two mialtes later, Imagine my astnoishment to bear my little girl exslaim, ' Mamma raw a big dog in a store.' 'Yes I did.' I aseped. but how do you kenw ' ' With ~uny hair,' abe added, oalmly ipgrrieg my quretion. ' What oolour was it ?' 'Black.' Now It was utterly impossible for the abild to have been given even the slighteet hint of the inoldet as I wasee alone in town, and had not seen my ohildren until I met them at the dinner table. BHeitia a narrative, voucbed for by the hIhaest authority, of experience. in a house some mise from Worcester. The man who ueda it is a well known manufacturer, and bhi word is as goad as his bond, whloh would be benomrd.anywhere for 100,000dole. He 'witet. Ih relating what I aw on a July m mloing in 1883 at my house, wbhich I had but recently porobhed, I will firetst deecribe the room in, which Ieaw it. It Ia abedroom, with a win dow as either end, a door ands freplaoe at opoieelt ides. The room isln the upper story of a two story house, said to have been bullt before the revolution. The walls are on usually thick, and the roof bigh pointed and uneven. . The oonupante at the time I speak of were my brother Henry, myself, and a.esrvant womm. The latter slept in a roam on the basement story. A hallw ' divided:my brother's room from mine Oa the flght before the morning above men tioese I bhad lnked my door, and having undressed and put out my light, I fell intu a sound, dreamless sleep. I awakened' about 3 o'clook In the morning with my fate to the front window. Opening my eyes, I s?w before me the figure of a woman stoop log down, and apparently looking at me. Her head and seonlders were wrapped to a common grey woollen shawl. Her ame were folded and wrapped in the shawl. I' looked at her in my horror, end dared not cry out lest I might move the awful thing to speech or action. 1 lay and loked, cad felt s if I should lose my restor. Behled her heed I saw the window and the growing dawn. the looking glasee upon the telletitable, and the furniture in that part of the room. " "'After what may have been only a fee eoonads-of the duration of thisevision I cannot fndge-she raised herself and wen backward toward the window, stood at tbe toilet table and gradually vor.thed. I mean she grew by degrees transparent, and thithraonb the shawl and she grey dress Ibs wors'l saw the white muslin of the table cover againo and at last saw only that fIo'the place where she had stood. For ltiur I lay as I bed lain on waking, not daring even to turn mny eyes, lest on the 'therellde of the bed I sho.ld are her again. o'wir'thare Ie one thing of whlch I oond take anycth, and that is that I did not mentson -tbi olrcumstance either to my brother or to wor sersint, or to sany one esie. r*exatly a fortnight afterward, when uitting at breakfast. I notlied that my brother seemed out of sorts and did not eat. On myasking iI anything was the matter, hbe replied, ' No; but I've had a horrible -nightmare. Indeed,' he went on, ' It was no nightmare. It was early this morning. jest as distinctly as seee you.' 'WVhat?? I asked.- A.' vlloinone-.rmklng bag,' he easwered, ' with hbeer head and arms wrapped i Igney ehawl. stoopiag over me and looking Ilki shin' ? . ,'.Hegot up, folded ie arms. and put him; ull in the post'?r I remembered so well lIe thendesoribed howthe figore moved towards the door end disapp.ared. 'Her malevo lint face and her postore struck terror So msy oul.'. S'A year later. in 'he month of July, onre evening about 7 "colock, my second eldest slster and her two little ohildre, who were vibsltg us, were the only fo'k at home. ' eThe eldest child, a -boy of five years, wanted a drink of water, and on leaving the dinin room to fetch it my sister desired the children to remain there ti 1 her retin , b'e leaving the door open. Coming back as galokly as possible she met the boy, pale and tremblirg on bl way to her, and atkedt why he had left the room ' Oh.' he aid,o' who is that woman? Who ie that womanr 'Where? she asked. 'That doJ woman who went up steirs,' he ansrereWs She triled to eovnonee him that there was no oeelese +n the house, but he was eo agitated and so eRer to prove it that she took his etimbling hand in here and brought him 'fpstreli and went from one room to an Other, be searchoing behind custmine and "uder beds, stll maintaining that a woman dido on ao he staire, My sister rightly th?ulght ?at the mere faIt of a woman gloln Up stairs in a hatse where she was a etranger would not account for the ohild'e terror. A neaipgbour of ours started when we first told him what we had seen, and then asked if we had never hbesard that a wnmsa tid' been murdered la that bolee many s ' previous to oear pnrohase of it. He' sld It had the reputation of being Ieuoted' This was the first inlimation we adol the foot. ' On the 'night of She 7th July, 1886 1 was abkened from e soond sleep by anme one pLk I- clone tome. I tnroed round, ay. ag,. Rmity, whaet is it' thinking that my sIstr, who slept In the room next to m~be, lbad oeom i?. I Isaw plainly the glure-of e women.who deliberately and salently moved away t.ward the door, whioh remained * alpt, e I had left It. S.' To - ,ye after bthis ouarrense I was wakened about 6 o'olock in the morningll by a gpresntiment of approashlng evil. I opened 0 my eyeo. and disetuintly saw the form of at i 4arklyaolad. elderly female brndiln over me with foldted arms end glaring at me with the I orst Incense mainlltly I tsled to sreem, sad trajgeled to wihdrew myrelf from her, r when she slowly and atlently receded balck. wavd, cad seemed to vanleh through the bedroom door.' 