NEW SOUTH WALES MEMS. Tne mosiciaoB of' Brisbane are tiking Bteps to form a society foe mutual protection. There are 856 pnblichonses in Sydney, this being an increase of 10 daring Mat year. A grand Roman Catholic picnic is to be held at Cabarita daring the centennial week. The Molong Agricultural and Pastoral Association will hold their next show on April 25. The assessed ratable property in Sydney and suburbs is estimated to be valued at £4,293,962. Ladies are not to be admitted to the galleries of the Exhibition Building during the Centennial State banquet Mr. J. L. C. Ranken, the well-known land agent, better known in the press as " Capricornus," is dead. Daring last year 11,000 tons of stone from the Croydon goldfield were reduced for 32,000oz. of gold. It is estimated that transactions in mining shares to the extent of £250,000 were done in Sydney last week. There are 722 persons in DarlinghuratGaol, of whom 500 are under sentence for periods of less than 1&months.; The Wingello Coal-mining Company of New South Wales is announced in London, with a capital of £185,000. The proposal to construct a bridge connecting Sydney with North Shore is to be considered by the Cabinet. The Government offices and public buildings in Sydney will be elaborately illuminated daring centennial week. Subscriptions amounting to £22,000 have been received towards the majority fund of the Presbyterian Church. A Government Resident is to be appointed at the Solomon Islands, to check the sale of arms and spirits to the natives. The captainB of all vessels in ports are to be requested to decorate and illuminate their vessels during the Centennial week. The Mayor and Mayoress of Goulburn will; celebrate the Centennial by .dining the boardedout orphan children of the district. At Warkworth (N.Z.)i a gum-digger of the name of Brown has committed Buicide by! blowing himBelf up with dynamite. The mining boom has led to many com-; plaints about the absence of an open market and mining stock exchange in Sydney. The Mayoress of Balmain (Mrs. W. B. Burns) on Saturday laid the foundation-stone of the new Town-hall for that borough. An officer has been made by the steamship companies to carry parcels between Epglapd and Australia at the rate of 3d. pet day. At Brisbane a man named Joseph Levy has been fined <£400 for evading the payment of the duty on a quantity of precious atones. An average assay of eight "bulk Wimples of ore from the Central Broken-hill 'Silvermining Company has given 293oz. per ton. Sir Sapuel Griffiths concurs in Mr. Gillies' proposal to invite an eminent British officer to! inspect and report on the colonial defences. The manifesto of the Goulburn Land Nationalist Association was adopted at a meeting last week. Large numbers joined. The City Bank has. declared a dividend ol 12| per cent., and . has also given officers a bonus of 10 per cent, on their year's .salaries. A payable gold reef has been discovered up the south arm of the Tweed Biver,the assay of which is expected to be 4oz. lSdwt.to the ton. The Government Statistician estimates that the yearly production of tobacco in New,§poth wales is 9,167,4241b., of the value of £458,370. A new company has been formed with^a capital of £160,000 to work the South Pacific Petroleum Company's ^property at Gisbohie. N.Z. The gold mines at Limestone, on the Palmer goldfield, are turning out welL The Anglo- Saxon Reef is now 7ft. wide, showing grand gold. Two auditors have been engaged tp make a thorough .investigation of the Sydney ; City Council accounts from 1879 to, the present time. c Military parades have been ordered by the .Government for the united service of the Protestant churches in connection with the centenary. Sir Saul iSamuel states that he is convinced that the prosperity of New South Wales under free true will convert Victoria from protection. .', The Secretary of State for the Colonies has written suggesting that the sketching of fortifications an the colonies be made a penal offence. A mysterious robbery of jewellery, upon which upw&ds; of £100 had been lent, is re- >rted from the premises of a pawnbroker at S ewcastle. Rations are to "be served in Sydney to deserving people in impoverished circumstances during Centennial week. This will exclude insolvents. At Moama the customs revenue for last year was £22,350; and the amount collected at Deniliquin on goods under bond from Moama was £13,508. W. D. Hall secured [the captaincy of the Sydney Enterprise Swimming Club on Saturday, at Tempe, by winning a one-mile race on the Cook's Rivet. Distinguished visitors to Sydney for the centenary celebrations will be taken on trips to the Zigzag, the Hawkeebury, and other places of interest. At a meeting of the Goulburn Agricultural Pastoral, and Horticultural Society, it was decided to hold the annual show on the 21st and 22nd of March. The officii! returns show the output of gold from Charters Towers (Q.) during 1887 to have been 151,000oz., an increase of 7000oz. on the previous year. A fire . occurred a short distance from Teinora ojn Friday night by which a selector named Starr had all his farming implements and produce destroyed. The earnings of the railways of the colony for the new year's holidays this year were £225 in advance of those for the corresponding period of last year. Sir, Henry. Parkes promised to submit to the Cabinet a request for a grant to banquet representatives of labor visiting Sydney during the Centennial week. Taking Broken-hill shares at £230 each, the present value of the mine is £3,680,000 ; while the Central Broken-hill, with shares at £7 each, is worth £448,000. At the unveiling of the Qaeen's statue in Sydney on Monday there will be a grand naval and military demonstration, and also a large gathering of school children. The Sydney Driving Park Club will hold their next trotting and race meeting at the Agricultural Society's Grounds, Moore Park, on February 8, instead of at Rosehill. The thUd Section of the Blayney and Mur-{ rumburrah railway has been much damaged! by the late rains, but the contractors hope toi have the line completed within eight weeks. | The sudden death is announced of Mr. W.j B. Inglis, manager of the Wilcannia branch ofj the Australian Joint Stock Bank, and a' brother of Mr. Inglis, the Minister of Public! Instruction. The Government have not .received any proposal to take over the tramways with the object of running them by electricity, but. they have consented to trials being made with, electric cars. H.M.S. Harrier has returned to Sydney after! a cruise of several months on the New Guinea! coast and among the neighboring islands She will pay off and be sold out of the service] in a Tew weeks. The Young team have woq the. prize for bayonet exercise at three successive competitiors of,Highland Society, it has been decided to present silver imedals to each competitor in! the threecontests. A special meeting of the committee of the Centennial Regatta, it was decided, that, the 10(j YeatM Cup be for a. challenge race to be sailed every .'Anniversary Day. until won twice by J-heaame yacht. - The Premier has received from the grandson of Major Johnson some valuable historical documents 'with the regard to : the arrest of Governor Bligh. These will Bhortly be exhibited tot. public inspection. The Bathjiret Licensing. Court imposed a small fine on a publican for opening his house on Christmas Day (Sunday). The defence was that the Licensing Act empowered publicans to open on Christmas Day. The prizes and expenses of the Centennial Regatta will~a(nount altogether to £1000, towards which : the Govemment proyide £300, and thte entries will bring in £200, leaving £500 to be collected from ths public. The FreetradeAssociation will, hold a conversazione in the New Masonic-hall, Sydney, on Saturday, the-28th iost.. The leading freetraders of the ether colonies, who will be in Sydney for the Centenary, are to be, invited. • Dividends have been declared by the jCnion Bank of Australia at the rate of 12 per cent.; by the National Bank of New Zealand at the rate of 5 per cent..; and by the. New Zealand Insurance Company equal t!o 15 . per cent, per annum. In connection /tarith. the training of the partially paid forces it has been arranged under the new regulations that tbeybhall have 12 whole days' training per year, and other steps have, been taken with the view of improving their efficiency. • The Primate has addressed a cicular to the clergy of the diocese of Sydney, announcing the. arrangements made for. the religious celebration of the centenary by the Church of England, and as he feels that-upon their unanimpus co-operatiop success in a greattaeasme depends, he trusts that all will accord their hearty support.- ; A boy 10 years old and his sister, aged six years, children of Mr. George Davis, superintendent of Herbert Park station, were drowned in Cameron's Creek, 12 miles from Armidale. The children went to the creek for water, and it is supposed that they fell off a temporary stage whish the boy was erecting, into a deep waterhole. Thomas O'Brien, publican, and Michael Maloney, ex-warder of the Tenterfield gaol, were committed at the police court to stand Tor trial at the Glen Innes Qaarter Sessions, on the 19ch inst., for killing two horses, by stabbing them, belonging to Master William Hicks, son of Sergeant Hicks. The trial lasted two days, and great interest was taken in it by the public. A shocking accident .happened at Easton on Sunday evening. A young girl named Adelaide Matherson wa-> out riding with others, when her horse.became somewhat unmanageable, and she was run under a limb of a tree, receiving a fracture of the left temple. She was picked up and taken home in a buggy in an unconscious state, and has remained so ever i since. The doctor was summoned from Bal- A telegram from Maytown, Queensland, reports that the blacks have Bpeared two men on Strathleven station. One of them (Carrion) received three spear wounds of a dangerous character, but he managed to escape with nis life. His companion, named Wright, ho wever, was less fortunate. He received eight spears in his body, and the blacks cnt off his head. The native troopers started in pursuit of the murderers on Friday. A little girl two years old, the daughter of Mr. Joseph Lynch, met with a horrible death at Goulburn on Thursday evening. The child was missed away from home, and a search being instituted, led to the discovery of the unfortunate child in the closet of a neighbour s house. The little one had apparently fallen in head foremost, the position in which she was found leading to this conclusion. Death had ensued before the child was extricated. A fatal drowning accident occurred in the Charleyong River, about 20 miles from Braidwood, on the Shoalbaven-road. It appears that three girls, the Misses Wilson aod Miss Milne, danghters and niece respectively of Mrs. Wilson, whose late husband was the manager of the Oriental Bank at Braidwood for many years, were bathing, when Miss Milne got beyond her depth, and her companions being unable to rescue her she was drowned. On Monday morning a large waterspout, rising to about 60ft., and evidently the result of the bursting ol a water main, caused a great amount of ercjtement in Belmore Park, Sydney. O wing to the tremendous westerly wind that was blowing, the water was sent with enormous force rightjicross the tram line, with the rtBult that passengers who had not time to escape were literally drenched. There was quite a deluge of water in the centre of the park. A Dubbo correspondent says :—" Yesterday the Salvation Army held high jinks in Dubbo on the occasion of the visit of Major Barritt and other 'war specials' from Sydney. A teameeting was held in the Oxford- hall, which was well attended ; after which a public meeting, which was densely packed to see a 'hallelujah wedding.' The bride and bridegroom were two well-known residents of Dubbo both of whom have seen nearly three-score summers." While removing papers from the Forest, Babbit, andother branches of the Mining Department to that of the Lands, several records ^ere unearthed, and under the title of "Indents 1830 " is a list of prisoners .who arrived in New South Wales during the year named, and the sentences of the convicts given in fall. The same appear to have been transported for trivial offences, seven years being given to such crimes as stealing corn, fowls, vegetables, &c.; The various public school children and teachers within the metropolitan district will have an additional. holiday , on Monday, the 30th instant, for the purposed enabling them to assist in the production of the new Centennial'Caqtata, in the Exhibition Building, Prince-.Alfred Park, on that day. Arrangements have been made for the erection of a huge, platform, with seats in tiers, capable of accommodating about 2000 vocalists and instrumentalists. In bis Speech at Bega Sir Henry Parkes condemned the construction of expensive branch railway lines. He said : "The Government had already decided that no more lines should be constructed on the massive and costly plan on which our main trunk lines had been carried out. The branch lines constructed would be of a cheaper character, because If they could agree upon a plan of cheap construction it would be quite as cheap in some instances to construct railways as common roads." The Executive Council approved of the time-tables for the new mail service between Sydney and Brisbane. It has been decided by the SailwayDepartraents of both colonies that the charges for passengers shall be as follows :—First-class, single fare, £5, secondclass £3 7s. 61; first-class, return fare, £7 10s.; second-class, £5. These fares are considerably below the ordinary mileage tariff in operation in the two colonies. The journey by rail, which is 725 miles, will be made in a little over 36 hours. The mayor of North Rockbampton, J. W. Rntter, has been committed for trial on two charges of forging promissory notes ror £1000 and £2500 respectively. Two other cases involving promissory notes for £1000 and £1500, are yet to be heard. Bail was refused In the course of the evidence, Mr. Robertson the manager of the Australian Joint Stock that-be held two other forged bills for £1000 and £1500 respectively, on which advances had been made to Ratter This makes the total amount of the forgeries We (Armidale Express) regret to learn that the early potato crop has suffered terribly from the effects of the late continued heavy rains, and that potatoes at the roots have either sprouted or dissolved into a watery maBS. At Guyra, we learn that many farmers who were unable to dispose of really good potatoes last season have utilised the tubers for seed and there are now very large crops under cultivation which, in mmy Kstancw, look well. In other places, ho sever, the earl v potato crop is a failure, and unless fair weather ensue, we expect no returns. Most of the philanthropists who have devoted any attention to the subject of the proposed feasts to the poor in Sydney will doubtlcsabe glad to learn that this proposal has practically been abandoned, and another scheme forjthe distribution of necessaribfe less opefc to objection substituted for it. ' It is believed that Sir Henry Parkes was at first a warm advocate for a mustering of those suffering from poverty at places where they might dine together, but that hehas carefully considered the views of the Commission, and sanctioned the change which they recommended. Free railway passes have been issued for the visiting bands from the neighboring colonies which are to take part in the intercolonial band contest, and similar passed were issued for the bands which are proceeding from the country districts to take part in'the same competition. It is understood that arrangements have been completed for M. Leon Caron to conduct the intercolonial and other bands, and that he is preparing an anthem composed by him for performance by them. Several of the visiting bands will play in the public parks and squares in Sydney on the night of the 26th inst. A singular discovery (says the Wellington correspondent ofthe Auckland Star) jvas made by a Wellington grocer a few days ago. In looking over the local paper he noticed that a man had died at the hospital whose name was the Bame as that of a brother he had not seen or heard of tor 23 years. On making inquiries he found that deceased was his long-lost brother, who had been living in. the city for 10 years. The surviving brother came out from Scotland six years ago, and the two men were not aware of each others' residence here. The brothers were on good terms when they parted 23 years ago. I Toe Auckland Star reports that a yqung man named Smith was suddenly attacked, whjle at work near Long Bay (about nine milesbByond Lake Takapuna), by a man supposed! to be between 25 and 30 years of age. The man is unknown in the district, and was evidently insane. After a very severe struggle, lasting over an hour anda-half, the madman decamped, and has not since been heard of, although several parties turned out to search for him. Some idea of the severity of the struggle may be gathered from the fact oi Smith's clothing being literally torn off his back, and he is severely scratched about the chest. We (Armidale Express) loarn that a wellknown metropolitan firm of woolbrokers, in writing to a local bank, complain of the tickstained wool they are receiving 'from the Bmaller woolgrowera. These tick- stained fleeces, the firm says, give the rt wDoTjaaiabby appearance, and the price is lowered in consequence. -All ithis arides; iifr fldnliti,! from the want of a proper dipping, which fjie larger sheepowners attend to, but which is neglected by the smaller. We trust that, for the credit of the New England district, dipping will not be neglected in Juture, as apy expense incurred thereby is fully compensate^! by after returns. The Dubbo Volunteer Corps was • inspected last week by Major-General Richardson, who was accompanied by Maj ir M'Kenzie. Ab⁢ 50 men appeared on parade, and, under Captain Pope, were put through company drill;-and the manual exercises, which were 'perfonrfed splendidly. The company was thenmarehed to the cricket ground, where they< «p&e;*{Mit through skirmishing drill, which wasaiisoowell done. At the conclusion of the ' drill, the Major- General congratulated the. company upon the manner in which they had gone through their drill, and stated that they were the best company he had inspected along the western line. Although the Taemas Bridge is finished it cannot be used, as no approaches havie b$en made. The farmers of Murrumbidgee and fjie general public of Yass are indignant' at the Government not accepting tenders at the sapie time. The inconvenience to formers on bdth sides of the Taemas and the injury to trade is every day felt. The matter was brtrighfc'fip in the Council meeting last week, and on the motion of' Alderman Wood it was decided to ask Mr. Colls, the'member for the district, to urge upon the Government to, take steps, po have -the approaches finished Without further delay, so that the bridge may be opened to the general public. Blayney received quite a shock on 12;h inst., on the news being spread through the town that Ernest Marsh, son of Gao. Mareh, a wealthy farmer, of Blayney, had been shot dead. It appears that he and two others were out hare-shooting. They were sitting on a fence, when it is supposed young Marsh fell, and the gun falling under him, the contents entered his stomach and passed through his throat. Death must have been almbst instantaneous. He was about 17 years of age. What makes the accident more sad is that his father left home lor Walli on the previous morning. A messenger was at once disp tched to Walli, 40 miles away, to convey the sad intelligence. Some years ago (reports Saturday's Braidwood Dispatch) the late Mr. A. T. Holroyd took a deal of trouble to procure wheat which would be rust-proof, and eventually succeeded in growing it in spite of all the surrounding crops being tainted with that destructive bligLt. Mr. James Gordon, of Young, purchased at a cost of a gamej one bushel of the seed, which he sowed and sent a bag of the seed to bis brother, Mr. W. F. Gordon, of Manar, the year last. From this seed Mr. Gordon wa» enabled to put in about 25 acres last yrar, and there can now be seen growing at Warri a magnificent cut quite free from rust* although, generally speaking, the crops around are afflicted with this fell blight. We understand that an order haa been give* to Messrs. Hardy Bros., of Hunter-street, Sydney, for badges to be worn by members of the Centennial Celebration Commission. The v badges are to be made of 18-carat gold, and will be about the size of a florin, and equal in thickWtte to a shilling. They are to be engravedthronghont. The obverse will bear the Australian badge, surrounded by the motto M Orta recens quam pura nites." The back of the emblem will bear the words and figures Centennial Celebration Commission, 1888,fl»id the name of the weater. The badge 1 will be suspended from the breast by a piece of ribbon and plain flat brooch. Great' indignation has been excited among the residents of Manly by a vicious and wanton act of ^^ruclion, which was perpetrated in the public park. A.beautiful Norfolk pine, which has fedbra ed the pretty park at Manly, was found ^^haye--bera-ringt«rked and irretrievably. damaged. The, author, or authors, of this disgraceful outrage up'to the ptesent time remain unknown-; but the matter has been placed in the hands of the police, who, it is to he hoped, will succeed in bringing the culprits under the lash of the law. Meanwhile, the Manly^ Municipal Council, with praiseworthy public spirit, has offered a reward oi £20 for the discovery ofthe offenders. An accident occurred on No. 3 contract of the Southern apd Northern Junction Railway from the Hawkesbury to Gosford, through the coupling on four trucks attached to an engine proceeding from Mullet Creek breaking, and the runaway trucks dashing into a train with workmen returning from Gosford. Five men were hurt. Their names are Dan Hisshian, who sustained a contusion of the knee and injury to the back ; John Ferguson, injury to back j Chas. Dabno, crushed foot; W. Thompson, concussion of the Bpine and slight internal injury,; Timothy Lane, injury to the back. The men were all attended to by Dr. T. Kendrick, of Gosford, and are progressing favourably. The .local fire-bells (says the Wagga Aiver- (iser) hive J beeri called upon to do a fair share of duty, lately, but the Central instrument in Fitzmaurice-street was put to a decidedly npvel use the other Afternoon, when it became a temporary' "abiding place" for a festive young 'possum, which was observed to be perched on the tongue.of the bell, doing a gentle swing. Had it been night, and had the 'possum succeeded in raising a note or two out of the belV Wa^ga might have'been in a portion tfi work tip a little ghost story' of its own about (say) " the haunted bell," for at the first sound of the dread note that 'possum would hiave fled for the nearest gumtree, and then the my^Ui-y would have been how the bell came to Speak. The centenary is to be celebrated at Pdrramatta on the 27th inst., when a number of dis tinguished personages will be invited to be Mr. H.'Taylor, M.P., waited upon rd Carfington, and invited him to be present at the celebration. L6rd Carrington expressed regret that his engagements wonld preclude him from: being at Parramatta on the 27th, bnt promised,, if the date was deferred for two or three days, to make a Bpecial effort to bo present. Mr. Taylor also enterviewed the Premier with Respect to affording the inmates of .tjhe Government charitable institutions in Parramatta a treat on the occasion, and received a promise that the sum of £250 wonld be placed in the hands of the local centenary committee far the purpose. A novel sight was 'witnessed in* the township this week (says the BrcHdih Hill Times ot the 7ih ineftant) in the shape of a waggon loaded-with "beer, drawn by 15 donkeyk These diminutive creatdfes caused a lot of amusement. Most of them were blue and bronze, but there were two black Spanish and two white Egyptians, the rest being Jerusalem donkeys r This team can travel as fast as ordinary waggon horses, and are much more hardy. The driver informed our reporter that three rears ego be was travelling with his donkey team from Mount Browne, when he ran short of water, andj his team worked. 11 day8 without once drinking. Few. horses would do the same for three days. v These haidy animals never drink more that once a day, and then they are satisfied with lees than a sheep. A telegram from Moloog says :—" The followers of Poulton, the ex-bank manager and religious enthusiast, who is now undergoing a sentence of a month's imprisonment for causing disturbauce and inconvenience at the local railway station by praying and singing and interrupting passengers, held an extraordinary ceremony, on the banks ot the creek opposite the railway station the other day. One of the customs of the Poultonites is to. initiate converts Iby ' dipping' them, by way of baptism, in the creek ; and on Friday last a young lady novitiate was passed through the ordeal. After, walking into the water waist deep she was received there by one of the brethren, who placed her backwards under the water for a few, seconds. A large number of spectators witnessed the proceed nge, which were superlatively ludicrous." The proper-sito-for. the railway changing station near Newcastle, in connection with the Brisbane mail traffic, is causing general discussion at Newcastle. The latest suggestion is to run the mail trains on to Newcastle instead of re-making up the train at a suburban ft itioD, the run to the city being less than two miles. This would save the cost of a new changing station at Hamilton or Waratah, and also the cost of an extra woiking stall, and of rutining separate local tr<iiu9 for connecting the Newcastle traffic with the mail trftiu. It h also considered unreasonable to compel Newcastle passengers to change carriages for a distance which is less than two miles. Conenience for refreshment at the station would |be better at Newcastle than at any new.changing station outside the city, which would be jrequired for no other use than for two mail trains a day, and would rtquire an extra staff taf servants. .A cruel and heartless hoax, says the Wellington correspondent of the AuckLand.jSW of January 6, was perpetrated through the advertising colums of the Post last night. A " wanted " advertisement calling for 50 navvies at 9s. a day, with two months' job, was handed in over the counter in the ordinary course of business, and was ioserted without suspicion, the name of a well-known shopkeeper on Lambton Q iay being given as the person to whom application was to be made. On inquiry, it proved that the name of Mr. N. Nathan was used without his knowledge or authority. The result of the appearance of the advertisement has been that crowds of men have ever since been applying to Mr. Nathan for employment. Many of them came into town from long distances, incurring a loss of wages and heavy train expenses in so doing. The proprietors of the Post offer a reward of £5 for the identification of the joker. A West Mailland telegram, dated Thursday, says :—" The body of Thomas Horsfield was yesterday discovered in the swamps at the rear of the' Benevolent Asylum, Campbell's Hill. He was last seen alive Saturday night, at Miller's Hotel, Campbell's Hill, asking for a drink, but was refused on account of being then under the influence of drink. From some unexplained cause the body, though discovered at 11 a.m., was not recovered until after 5 p.m. the same day. Horsfield's brother has charge of the Homeville Colliery, and it is supposed that in trying to make there he came by his death, either through falling over the culvert that spans the lagoon, or by walking straight into the water. The deceased, though subject to drinking bouts, was looked upon as an intelligent man, and was at one time manager of Old' Mimmi and New Limbton collieries. At the inquest to-day, a verdict of accidental death was returned. The body presented a frightful spectacle when taken from the water." The following is a verbatim copy of a communication sent to (Glen Innes Examiner) tor publication by a new arrival from the fatherland :—" Run'd avay, or vas schtrayed, mine large plack horse, about 16 hands hie. He's got 4 plack legs—2 behind and 2 pefore. He's ! plack all over his pody, but he's got some vite hairs on his pack vere the schkin vos rub off; but I greashed 'em and, the vite schpots is plack again. He drot and he kanter, and sometimes he valk, and ven he valkall his feet go one pefore the oder. He has ears upon, his i het, both alike, put one is placke^den de oder, and a leetle pit larger. He has two eyes—one is put out and de oder is on de aid? of his hpt, and ven you go to de oder side he vili not see you ; ven he eats hp gets a good deal pigger. He has a long tail dat hangs pehind ; put I cut it short de oder day, and now it is not so long vot it yos. He's shoed all round ; put his pehind shoes corned off, and now he has only got s^ioes on pefore. If apypody find a pound for. him. I fetch him to put him out." The following is a copy of the Cabinet minute relating to the retirement of, officers in the civil service who areover {50 years of age : "Retirement pf officers in thje cipjl service over 60 years "of age.—In carrying out such reforms in the civil service as appear expedient and necessary for the, public interest, special circumstances <have directed attention to cases where the incumbent of an office is over 60 years—an age at which public officers arp entitled to retire of their own motion : under section 143 ofthe Civil Service Act. Though it is admitted that in certain cases special aptitude and special acquaintance with technical duties, and other exceptional conditions, may render the services of an officer of special value, it respectively of physical activity, it is considered as a rule that the public service would be strengthened by the retirement of officers over 60 years of age, and it has been determined to request such officers to retire accordingly in all instances where the Minister deems it of advantage to the public.—(Sd.) HENBY Paekes." At about. 5 o'clock on the 12th iust. an exciting chase after a man who was running off with a lady's purse happened in Georgestreet, Sydney, near the Markets, and the sur* rounding locality. It appears that while a lady was walking along the eastern side of the thoroughfare a man (.who is not in custody) made a snatch at her reticule, and, seizing a purse from it, at once handed the article to a young fellow who had been walking by his side. Tbe latter individual at once made off, turned into the Royal Arcade, and, passing along Pitt-street, swerved smartly round into Park-stieet and bolted into a hairdresser's shop. His movements, fortunately, had been traced by Mr. Charjes Smith, the coroner's clerk, who had witnessed the theft and the rest of the occurrence. Mr. Smith speedily followed the culprit possessing the purse into the shop, and also into the rear portion of the premises. The erring one was then promptly given into custody, and, on a search being made, the pu^e and its contents (£i 15s) were recovered in a cistern. Several farmers met (says the Clarence River Examiner) to witness a trial of the " Star " corn-dropper, patented by Mr. F. Cockayne, of the Star Foundry. The trial was made on some ploughed land on the farm of Mr. John OlMeally, and was in all respects eminently successful. Some of the oldest farmers in the district, who were present, expressed them- selves entirely satisfied with it. The machine is very strongly constructed of wrought and cast iron, and distributes the seed by means of small cups that are caused to revolve in a small receptacle at the base of- the box, by the spiked wheel at the side of the plough, as in ordinary planters. The cups are easily adjustable, and large orsmall may be used as the seed requires. The appliance, which has been improved upon since first invented, has not the objectionable fashion of crocking the grain, is free from complication, not easily disarranged, and drops regularly, never making a miss. A farmer at tflmarra, who has used one of the " Star " droppers, speaks highly of its efficiency, and the patentee, we understand, intends forwarding one of his machines to the Sydney Centennial Exhibition. Church people at Goulburn are again all excitement over a dispute in connection with St. Phillip's Church. The dispute, however, is hardly so serious as that of the Cathedr il. The Rev. Mr. Amos, the late incumbent sent his resignation to the Bishop of Goulburn some time ago, and it was excepted. The Rev. Mr. Hatchings, M.A., of Braidwood, was licensed to take charge of the parish. Mr. Hutchinga arrived, and was to have held services on Sunday, the 1st instant, but, to the great astonishment of the number of persons who had assembled, no service was held. It seems that Mr. Amos refused to give up the keys of St. Phillip's: Church when demanded from him, and informed Mr. Hutchings that he would himself officiate there on Sunday. Mr. Hutchinga told him that if he did so it would be an illegal act, and that he (Mr. Amos) woul^ have to put up with the consequences. Mr. Amos conducted the service in the church last Sunday. The Rev. Mr. Eutcbings went to Molonglo and read himself in at the church at Foxlow. Decisive steps are to be taken at once in the matter. Mr. Amos has had his stipend paid up to date. 