A Superstitious Old Man. ' Ole Pete DempBey,' an he is familiarly called (says Texas Si/tings), is a queer-ioolcing old man with a frost-bitten expression of countenance, whoenjoys considerable popularity in Austin, Texas, on account of his skill in predicting bad weather und in doctoring horses. Sum Randlo is a comparative stranger in Austin, being a new arrival, who is eceptical obout religious matters, and is noted for tho insulting candour with whioh he expresses his opinions. Thoso two, with several others, were seated in the Bhude in front of a livery stable discussing such matters of national importance ns the dusty condition of the Austin bonlevards, how the negroes were going to vote next elec tion, &c.; Finally, tho conversation drifted to Bob Ingereoll, spiritualism, and kindred topios. 'Some folk.' fays old Pete, 'bolioves in omens comin' true, and wlion I think of tho many miraculous things I've seen I don't wonder they beliovcs in 'em.' The stranger smiled scornfully, and observed that there was one coincidence about omens which was very remnrkable. Uncle Pete usked what particular coincidence thut was. ' When I hear an ugly old man with a wart on his ohin say that ho bolievoB in ghosts nnd the like, it is always a remarkable coincidence that it ain't long before ho lands iu thu lunatic asylum. Beliovin' in omens is a sure sign that softening of tho brnin has Bot in.' As the stranger looked straight At old Pet', and as the latter hnd a wart about as big as u thimble on hiB chin, the remark savoured of personality. However, old Pete did net resent it. Ho was as quiet as a bowl of clabber. ' Well,' eaid the old man, ' I don't suppose one omen amounts to much, but when there iaa concatenation of two omens — I moan when one omen comes at pcryhellion vith another omon, ns we nbtronjmora nay; that is one omen charges a man iu front and simultaucotm like it second omen charges him at tho rear — then ho is a guno coon.' ''What sort of drivel is that, anyhow?' asked the strangor, with a sneer. ' Wul, I'll g'tvo yer un instance. About 20 years ngo thcro was a man named Smackers Btoppin' with mo. Ho was as healthy a man ns you over see. Ho wns outiti' his breakfast one Friday niornin'. Ho happened to knock over tho saltcellar. That's two omens in ppryhellion. Thoy coucnloroatc, you see, and beforo night that man was dead.' . Tbo listeners hud become intcrusted. . . . 'Drop dead ot heart diBOime ? asked ouo. 'No.' ' What killed him, then i' ?' The omens was the cause of it, but he fell off a scaffold and broko his neok.' ! ..'!' ' Couldn't thut have huppenod on nny other day?' ' . . ?. !' ' ?« No ; that was tho day set-by tho judge.' - 'What judge r' : ' '?? 'You t.ee tho unlortnnnto man wns under Bchtcnco of denth when ho knooked- over tho enlt. Ha was eutin'Oiis last breakfast. I -was tho thoriff, nnd thu day before I saw a rabbit run aoroes tho road, nnd I know .' ''?''. ? ; . ' You aro a fraud,' raid tho stranger, jump, ing to his feet. .In.losB than ilvo minutes Old Potp had mniiled that stranger to that his own mothor might hate passed him on the street in tho broad glare of the noonday ami aud not recognised him. ' Ye»,' observed Old Pete, calmly, as thoy removed tho injured man to tho nearest drug store,. 'I was af eared Bomothin' unpleasant was goin1 to happen, for last night I dreamt «bout enakes, nnd that nlwnyi mcann troub'e.' It is claimed that tho deaths and wounds from railroad accidents nro only about ono fourth ftp great in Europe us iu America. . . 