SPORTING INTELLIGENCE. I RACING. The general entries for next week's Murrumbidgee Turf Club autumn meeting close to-day, to Mr Hawke, the secretary, at Wagga The Mitiamo races take place to day. AUSTRALIAN JOCk CLUBS AUTUMN MEETING THIRD DAY -THURSDAY, AriUL 5 [BY SPECIAL WIRE.] (From "AuaUR, or "IheAlstralasian ) SYDNEY, THUSDAY The off day of the Australian Jockey Club meeting seldom creates much interest amongst the general public, and the attendance at Randwick to day was small both inside and outside the stand enclosure The Two year old Plate was the introductory item, and for this only four put in an appearance, Carette being most in demand , the only other that received anything like support for money being Camillius who justified the confidence of his friends by beating the favourite cleverly The winner, on being submitted to auction, caught the eject Mr h Weeks who bought him for MS sovs "ft ith only three two year olds to oppose Cranbrook in the ll AgedStai estate was considered good enough to lay liberal odds on Mr White's crack, who however, was looking lighter than when he ran in Melbourne Lonsdale's friends were evidently not dismayed, for the) accepted 4 to 1 pretty freely about the colt, and a few invested in favour of Lady Betty Mr Cooper was determined that there should be a strong pace, and gave orders to the boy on his billy to make it. The youngster made no mistake and though at the distance Cranbrook seemed to have her at his mere), the laughter or of- "serious came again, and fairly wearing the big gun down, beat him cleverly), the crowd cheering Mr Cooper heartily as he went into the enclosure to receive his filly I am glad to say that after this victory be determined not to sell her, and the filly was withdrawn from sale, For the Welter Hun dtcan Bertram was at first in most demand, but before the horses left the paddock a commission was worked in favour of Aristocrat, who won cleverly. Odds were freely laid on Volley for the Foal Stakes, and she gave her supporters no cause for alarm, for she had Pearlshell at (her mercy all the way, and won with ridiculous ease, Rosabella, who was the only other starter, never having the ghost of a chance when they commenced racing. By far the most interesting race of the day was the Cumberland Stakes, for which there were but three competitors. Mr Gannon was anxious to prove that The Australian Peer was a better colt than Abercorn over a distance in a truly run race, and in order to insure a pace, he determined to risk breaking down Arsenal, whose fore foot was split from the sole to the coronet He had a leather boot and bar shoe specially made for the injured hoof, and openly declared that if Arsenal could make anything like decent running his colt would prove his superiority. There was not much to choose between them in the wager ing, first one and then the other having a slight call, but finally Abercorn left Of a little better favourite than 'The Australian Peer. Ellis, on Arsenal, made the pace as severe as he could, though the Melbourne Cup winner was so sore that he could not make it a cracker. Still he did good service for his stable companion, who took up the running near!) five furlongs from home Abercorn made his effort when they had fairly entered the straight, and at one time looked like winning, but when Power and down upon Mr. Gannon's colt for a final effort he came away, and, amidst enthusiastic cheering, won rather easily. Only seven of the thirty numbered on the card for the- City) Handicap faced the starter, and Algerian was made favourite The Nun also received a lot of support, and the Victorian bred filly at last rewarded her loyal supporters by winning in the commonest of carriers, people wondering how she had been so easily remedied as engineer. and found ing are the details I THE IttO PLATE 300 PLATE, Of 200 80.3 Miner to be sold forloOBO.a Five furlongs. Mr J M Laughlin J c c usually, by Goldsbrough, i 3 Get 7lb (ducks) Mr J Daly 3 b r Lazotto, the (1st 71h(Dunhe>) Mr I Urn has a bye Carlton, jL100,7st 111 (Nil llama) 3 Mr M H De. Una by Golden Taj 25. Cat Mr (Skeehan) 0 Betting? -5 to 4 of 2 Carette U to 4 agst Lamia thus Carlton jun) c 1 off in front but was quickly-, sup planted by Cazotto uno made play; to the distance where Canilllus joined issue and after an interesting act to the latter won by three, quarters of a length Carlton a lid third Time 1min died M inner bought by Mr E W asks for it is till ALL AGED STAKES Of 5 30.3. each, with 300 note. annual , second, 7 60.0 Uno tulle Mr M Cooper i eli t Lady Unit best Albans Pardon 2 yrs 6st. 1311 (Outihtj) 1 Hon James White a cho Cranbrook, 3 yrs 9st 3lb (Hales) 2 Mr J Wilson jun of br or b of Lonsdale, 5 yrs, 7st lib (Moore) J Mr J Worm,,han m br s Bonnie Spec, 2 w Git 1 lb (Simmonds) 0 Bettie a as to 2 on Cranbrook, 4 to agat Lonsdale 0 to 1 and Lady Bury The horses were despatched to a good start Lonsdale and JLtonnio Spec showing In front for a Io v stride) when Lily Betty took up the running, and she was for I owl is by Lonsdale and Let the- facts, the favourite lying last Lady Letty had a four lengths lead at the six furlongs post but things decreased at the top of the hill She, however drew away again in the hand and then Cranbrook drew up second. The fire was first into the straight and on being dial knifed by Cranbrook a stealing a race between the pair ended in favour of Lady Betty by a truck Lonsdale a bad third, Uomile back last. Time, 1min 4353 THE WELTER HANDICAPS, Orsova each with 500 Sovs. added Second GO says One mile and a quarter Mr C T Roberts.) R u Aristocrat by Grand ii astor 4 yrs 8st 4lb (I fourth 1 Mr K. Leys us be nonsense 4)rstSstCll (Power) . Mr John MaTOSch m Merry Duchess 5 yrs 7st 4 lb (Corr)) 3 Sir I) cameron asch g Soldier's Wind, aged Sit 116 ( Edmonds) 0 Mr C W "urra) t br m Lady Godiva, aged, at h (Harris) 0 Mr J Allsop s b m Honeycomb 5yrs 7st 10lb. (Itobliiioii) 0 Mr J Mitchell 'Futile 3 yrs, 7st 8lb (Rho)) 0 Sir John Gough a b r The Wreck, 4 yrs, "t, 8lb (Parsons) 0 Mr S W KnlRhti>boTiiiiurel(""_ru_nierBos) 1) in Bit 4lb (O Brien) 0 Mr J Ivory s br h Master Avenel, occur, Sst (Sell)) 0 Mr M Miller us b o Bertram, 4 yrs, 7st 8lb (roller) 0 Mr E Hillman June , Fisch g Hugo (late Held) Ayrshire lib (Gillman) 0 Hon J White's b c Aberdeen, 3 yrs, "t 3lb (Hales) 0 Betting -4 to 1 agst Aristocrat 5 to 2 agst Bertram 4 to 1 each nest Nonsense and Aberdeen There was some delay at the post owing to the {r&etiotisiic-; of life but eventually they) were sent off to a road con 1 start Aristocrat at or co -assumed command and to lead round the turn for lowed by Lady Godiva Honeycomb an 1 Bertram Before they reached the mile post 1 sale rushed the ball her horses and led them along the back stretch and up the hill Aristocrat lying next at ten led by Lui) clad in Nonsense and Merry Duchess 1 axle forced the machine, along the hand and to the home turn when he collapsed an 1 Aristocrat was so ne by Nonsense and Merry Duchess Nonsense had the best of it at the Leger stand but Aristocrat confine again in wonderful style won by a neck from Nonsense with Merry Duchessacood third, and Timbrel fourth Time -min 1 Igcc HIL Hill 10st STAkeS, OfSOsots each witliSOOsovs aided lortwO)Cars oil second 80 sons and two 1 leader of the winner 100 buys third, save stake Five fur longs. Hon J. White's br f Nolle) 1) Mllslot-Iajy Vivian Ost Uli Inch 111 a. 10lb penalty (Hales) 1 Mr J Marshall's bleach shell b) Musket-! earl Ah Sam had) Including Ib i e ii by (Suite) 2 Mr J M i antill! i s b r I Isabella by Martinson; Rosedale bat, or (Hell r) 1 HcttuiL - 1 to 1 on Valle) who indulged Pearl Shell with the sea to the distance when silo coal mine the New Zealand Loan and the left our He is posing, of her without an effort was in a con either by three Junction Rosabella j) lengths third time Indu Kyle Of j boxs Two miles Mr W Gannon's bro- The Atlstnllvn For by Darch!»-Mockdotc Jars Sic to (lower) Lion J Whites eli of Abercorn. J )rs Sit -H (Hales) of Famous or li Arsenal G )rs, Dib 4lb (Lilla) Hiitlne;-10 to 2 on Aberton, 10 to Defeat The Australian Peter Ulttttlv the word mob then Arsenal went to the front attache tutor to work at his best part The Australian I tir still a couple of lengths behind till] atidAhiriorn all cattle away They ran it up the hill and along; the limit the same order was in strict up the straight and past the stand, Kills riding; Atauini to make the p ice as strong as Royall li Tlitj remitted to the top of the hill, ulna Ihu Australian I tor joined Arsenal and the latter dropping I ask beaten Al union took around a fair The Australian I can ltd into the affair At an t below the distinct Malta. ant down on Abirouru Honiara Let on terms I Uli The Australian Star buttered) I once called upon his horse for a third effort he drove attack, and the Australian team won shall t I a outfit and a quarter from At inform, Araiiial JO lengths off, third line., Jiulu Jl Jail Tintern nvNDiCAr, Ot 0 soil cold night 90 boys. added, second, 75 horse. One mile and a half Mr M S Mackenzie a i I the sun, by r first hint -I Hurunui, s y a 8st 2lb (Moon) 1 lion M A. Long, a b I Dnlnt), J yrs Tat only (done) 2 Mr J Uti in a tin It Cairo, 6 am 7st 10lb (skelton) t Hon. J ttlilto* brlLata tea, "at. the (Hale.) t Mr John May of a li I The (public, 4 yrs Tau Ulli (harris) 0 Mr I Clilroj na b o Democrat II 4 yrs, 7st 5lb , including), 10lb penalty (Doolan's Mr (Leo, Uaboruo'n his Algerian, 6 yrs, Oat, Old (Norton) 0 Hunter -i to 1 Will who Nun 1 to 1 agst Algerian, 6 to 1 agat Tito Qitton 7 to 1 first day a train splendid start Dtuiot rat. Late, and Cairo shouted in front, and author passed the stand Cairo who was pulling Uolllitu, had a look advantageous Dointicrat II, who has followed by The Queen Uuttily, Late Alittrlan and the Hun, in the order named Cairo and The time on mere together along the back Htrottti, Iitiuoorat 11 third, followed by rising, Lain Altcrlan, and The Nun The Green had a slight advantage as they rose the hill, and also was first into the straight, but below the distance The Man me Ground and won with) ridiculous mm lima Dainty by two lengths, Lava and Cairo running a dead heat for third honours followed by Democrat II The Queen, and Algerian Time, 2min. 45sec. CRANBOURNE R CES The annual meeting of the Cranbourne Racing Club was exceedingly well attended ves termed), the special train from Princes bridge being crowded, and the local visitors mustered in strong force, the beautifully situated course was never seen to better advantage, and a most successful afternoons sport was got through in good time. In the first race half a dozen horses faced Mr W Glasscock (who wielded the starters Hog in a successful manner during the afternoon), Victim coming in for most support, and he won easily The Squire beat four others in the Hill Stakes the Selling Hurdle Race was won by Burdekin Six horses weighted for the Cranbourne Handicap, backers being must in favour of Childe Harold, and he won cleverly 1 light ran for the Steeplechase, and after a fine Bette Cuckoo beat Promotion by a head the Disposal Stakes fell to Sebastian, who beat the favourite Honeybee by a head, and Tommy) the Nut added another to his long hat in the pony race The following are details - HURDLE RACE, Of 30 sovs ; second, G cows About one mile and a half Mr A Forbes's bri The Victim by Glorious, 6st, carried 6st lib (Bourke) 1 Mr C Wilson such an incident 6 yrs, 10st (Clark) 2 Mr J Cripps was Land Shark, aged, list, Jib (II Cripps) 3 Mr D Connolly a b g Northward, 4 or 5 yrs, 10st (Murphy) ) 0 Mr J Orr liner ch in Miss Marie lorGjrs, 9st 10lb (Gardiner) 0 Mr A Hart's b g Glonworni 5 yrs, 6st 10lb., carried 6st 121 (Newland) 0 Betting -2 to 1 Kit Victim, 3 to 1 each agst Incl dent and Land Shark Land Shark and Incident ran in company, and led their field by three lengths to the enclosure when The \ action ran up to the pair and he drew to the front and a iutim>r_.,,onhhi._nl The Victim won easily by a couple of lengths from Incident with Land Shark a moderate third, Mr- Mackie fourth HUEGILL STALLS, OI 2SOVS. About one mile Mr L. C Pender s b g The Squire, by King Tom, 5yrs 8st (W Hllains) 1 Messrs J and R Lecky s ch g Sebastian aged, 8st. 7lb (Roberts) - Messrs. M and J Donnelly a br f Spark, i yrs, 7st 10lb (O ii Lellan) 3 Mr J THomeyablc; Godfrey, G yrs 8st (Stephens) O Mr J. L. CamcrontRo Bothwell, 3yrs, 7st, 4lb, carried "7st 5lb (Gardiner) 0 setting From oven to 7 to 4 on. The Squire heart made the running for three-quarters of l mile attended by The squire, who came to the front at the home turn and he won in a canter by three lengths from Sebastian with Spark a very bad third, and Dodder fourth SELLING. HURDLE RACE, 0!-Obo\8 Special welsh-. W later to be sold for "Osois About one mile and a quarter Mr F A Birds br c Burdekin (£10) by Will Watch sired lOst Gib (Williams) Mr li Bracken s cb g Lapthorn (Hay aged, lOst 13 (Willett) 2 Mr J Robinson a b g Jack (CO) 0) ra, list Gib (Booth) 3 Mr W M Duff a br m tah) (810) OREd, 10st 8lb, carne COst Jib (Hall) 0 Mr J Cripps's b g Pride of the Hills (at) aged, Oat 4 lb (Newland) O Mr J Edmonds b la Lad) Ellen (nil), G, 9st 8lb (Cubtlt) O better g -6 to 4 agst Lapthorne, 3 to 1 each agst Pride of the Hills and Burdekin Burdekin jumped off in front and holding his post that he won call) by three lengths from lapthorn Jack was a moderate third 1 side of the Hills fell at the first hurdle and Lode Ellen fell over him but neither horses nor jockeys were injured The winner was sold to Messrs J and H Lecky for £80 CRANBOURNE HANDICAP, Of 40 boys , second 2sovs. About one mile Mr It Scv tor's bar Childe Harold, by Gang For ward-Ada J) ra 8st 10lb (Burns) 1 Mr L 0 Peters i c, The Squire, 6 yrs, 7st-, In cluding; "lb penalty) (Hobson) 2 Mr J Gardiner's ch h Tumult need, 7st 10lb (Brown) S Mr J Calvert s b l, Volga 30 yrs, 7st. 4lb , carried 7st 8lb (ridden) 0 Mr A Halinbourg be, Cross:, 4 yrs, 7st 4lb (Lane) 0 Mr u Wilson s br g Bowler 4 in 7st (Gardiner) O Betting - to 1 nest Childs Harold, 3 to 1 agst Tumult and Yola 0 to 1 agst The squire After some delay) through the fractiousness of Volta the star drove ped to a good start So tier being slow obtains On rising the hill The Squire drew to the front attended by the favourite the rest running in a cluster at their men turning into the fire Khc Childe; Harold headed The Squire and draw in? away he was said by a couple of lengths from The require with Tumult a her bath and a half of! third followed by yolks, with Crusoe and Butler together Fast Time limit I beg OrLV aiCEILLCUASE Messrs Durham and M Donald a ch c Cuckoo, feed Oats 10lb (Malone) 1 Mr W L. Four a br g, Promotion, aged, lady, 7lb (Fallon) 2 Mr 15 London s b g iNabock.iah, aged. Hat. lb (Murphy ) 3 Mr R Di a unit gan s b g Shamrock, aged 10st 12th (Thom pi. on) O Mr C Wilson a beer freetrader, aged 10st 4lb (Clark) O Mr T Hope is but Stag aged Hfct (Wise) D Mr O GluoeocI s br . Loolart, by a, list. 10lb (Bourke) O Mr L li. Pender's g J Tobin, aged Oat. 121d (Williams) 0 netting to 1 agst Coolart, 4 to 1 each agst is my rock and Cuckoo Coolart and Shamrock and the way over the first fence, which brought him to arrive Coolart ran round the next one which left b ham rock in command, and he led along, the back and past the stand, with Cuckoo, 1 promotion iiabockliah, and Freetrader next the others being outpaced At the next jump Shamrock for leaving" Lue! on in charge of his field and though I romoUou stuck to him a fine finish between Cuckoo and 1 promotion resulted by a head in favour of the former with Iiabocklish a moderate third Free trader finish d fourth none of the others getting the course The jockey Thompson who rode gimcrack was severely injured in the to her jaw Dr Moore of Dandenong was in attendance, and bandaged up the wound DISPOSAL STAKES Of 40 so 8 M dinner to be sold for 90 seats. About six furlong a , Messrs J and R. Lecky s ch c Sebastian, by Young Marquis (nil) aged 6st OU (Latter) 1 Mr P T Hey wood d bran Honeybee (£-0) aged I 7st, Ub (Gardiner) 2 Mr L Le via a bo Australia (£10), 3 yrs, 6st 8lb (Hobson) 3 Mr J Twomey a bit Dodder (1.30) G yrs 8st 8lb low- prices .... .... A V Mr J. A Laut; s br or bk g IIarpoono (£26), 30 yrs, 7st 1st (Richmond). O Betting; -5 to I on Home) bee, G to 4 agst Har poorer, 7 to 1 agst Sebastian, Sebastian won a capital race by) a head from Hong) - bec, with Australia a bad third. Winner bouquet for 211 toys. TOR. Y FLAT RACE, Of 40 Sovs 14 hands. Four furlongs Mr F. W. Swords- of a Tommy the Nut ->". Sst Gib (Drysdale Mr J. R. King's br of Yongala, 4 yrs, 9st 2lb (Wil llama). ...2 Mr W. Owens, the Sickle, 3 pre "st 7lb. (Brown) 3 Mr H F' Swords b g Advertiser, J yrs, "at. Gib. Messrs. J and It I cky b g Warrior, 3 ) ra, 7st 4lb (buff) 0 Messrs. J and R. Lecky's h 1 Midge, 4 yrs, 7st (Roberts) . . 0 Betting - 6 to J agst Fields, 3 to 1 agst Midjo and Tommy the Nut Tommy the Nut won very cleverly by three quarters of thought from year-old, who was A Giuulnrdls Uncu In hoot of Sloklo BENALLA RACING CLUB. (By TELEGRAPH Them Our Correspondents.) BENALLA, Thursday. The first day's racing of the Benalla Racing Club's annual meeting took place to day). There was a good attendance and some capital racing. The following are the re- sults. Trial Stakes, of 20 sovs., once round Thorn, 8st lb (Horses 1), 1, Fair Nell, Sst (Hain), J, Little Peter, is HIS a Nine others ran letter.'-. to 1 agst shorn, 4 to set Little Peter and Fair Nell. Won by three lengths Moira Selling Stakes, of 30 secs ; six furlongs Blue Bell, 8st 2lb (Harbutt) 1, Burnett.-, 7st. 10lb (Hastings) S , Here's Luck "st 'Jib. (Musgrave) II Mistake, Black Diamond, Highlander, Triumph, and Till) He) also ran Betting -6 to I on Black Diamond, 3 to 1 each agst Blue Belt and Burnett. Won by) half a length VV inner bought in for 1 Benalla Handicap, of CO some, one mile and a quarter-sacks ariki, b) Darriwill-T>iiboon, J vrd (Londouall)), 1, Juba, 4yrs 7st 7lb (linster Evans), j. Honour Bright, 6 yrs 7st life (Hoysted) 3, Barcaldine (Musgrave) test Ulb, also ran Betting -Even on Juba, U to 4 against Pnlkaka rise This was a capital race won by) half-length. the same distance operating the second and third horses Time, 2min 10sec Selling Race, of 5) sovs., one mile Brunette, Sst Hill, carried Out Jib (Hamilton), 1 , chase Away, -st 10lb (Harbutt) J, Pan, 6 yrs, 8st 10lb (Host, tugs) ., Four others ran Betting, -3 to 1 on Brunette Won easily). Winner sold to Mr. Walker (or to sovs Mounted parties Hurdle Race, of 40 Sovs , one mile and a iiiiiiritr-Jiiuutt, for, letters; line Colonel, list, A Notting - o to 4 on Public. Won easily C0LKUYIM3 RACING CLUB (BY ItLLullAUI Inou OUR Coil'll.SI'0\DL\T.' COLKUAIXE, 'luoitSDAi The annual meeting of the Coleraine Racing: Club took place to find, the fallow land are the results - Trial beam Nimrod, 1, Dentist, 2, Tim Sprtp;, 3 Won by several lengths Coleraine Open UaiidMn.-Lui) Harton, 1 Viator, 2, tinaliiretto, 8 Won by stealth Handicap Hurdle Rate - Danker, 1, Vanderbilt, 2, Young Hero, 3 Winter Handicap - Town Moor 1, Black Bess, 2, The burial, 1 won by five lengths billiard; Race -Day break 1, Maude, 2 Hum Bourri -Nimblefoot, 1, Little Dorrit, 2, Othello, d s TATUJIA 'I LIKE? CLUB (By T aNatAM Them Out CoiuusrovDEM ) TATURA, THURsDAY. The estimated meeting of the Tutu at Turf Club was held to tin) and was a great success. Hear It - Malden I late, of 10 nova , one mile and a quarter - Prince of the valley, 1, January, 2, My tone. J. Handicap Hurdle Race, of 16 sovs., two miles - Dcutull, 10st 7lb (Harbor), 1, his hurdle, Mat 2lb (Owner), 2 Only two ran. Tatura Handicap, of an Sovs, one mile and a half - Vutuiut, Hat, 7lb (same) 1; Spargo, 8st Ulli (To reside) i, Omeo Darling's Uit. lulu. (Britton), 3. Won easily. Handicap Trot, of then three iuIIck.-Sarafleld, I, JlajfKlo Lauder, 2, 'falls, to. Towns MLC, at li nova, or ltuloui[i.~!iij*rkle, Mt. Slb (Topic), 1, Umberto, 7st 7lb. (Warke), 2, Maud. 7st (Keegan) 3. Selling Race, of 100 sovs, one mile, Gladiator, 1 i Grace Darling 11,2, Maccaroni, 3 COURSING. VICTORIAN DERBY AND OAKS. Applications for nominations in the Derby and Oaks, to be run at the opening meeting of the season, in connection with the Victoria Coursing Club, will be received by the secretary, Mr J Munday), 16 Market-build inga this afternoon, up to 3 o'clock. One guinea Forfeit must accompany each nomina- tion. CRICKET. Melbourne Telegraph Operator v Sydney Telegraph Operators The Sydney) Telegraph Cricket Club have selected the following team to represent them in the match against the Victorian telegraph operators which commences at Sydney) next Wednes day, six. Bowen, Curr), Clelland Hinchy, Howe, T McGrath Nash, Neuell Hush, J Earle), W Varley , emergency, J J Fitzgerald The Victorian players viz Messrs Costello, Curtis, Green, Goode, [centre, Howard, Jeuvc), Kibble, Matthews, Moloney, Oldneve Tatchell, Wootton, and V and proceed to Sydney by) the express train on Monday next North Melbourne v Ballarat This match was played at Ballarat on Good Friday and Saturday, and resulted in a win for North Melbourne by four wickets and 20 runs Ballarat, first innings, 137, Nccp. Arncliffe, Rogerson, and Dunn (GO, So, 21, and 10 batted well, second innings, 00, Dunn, Baker, Cripps, and Coulson (31, It) 13 and )were the run getters this innings North Melbourne, first stirrings, 120, second innings, 7 for 138 , Bean (2 and 10). Houston (18 and 19 Little (26 and 12) Smith (14 and 15), and Cowley (27) were the principal! scorers. Bailey) and Baker bowled well for Ballarat, as did Bean and Carlton for North Melbourne Berwick v St. George's (Malvern). Corrected Report A match was played at Bern (ck on Easter Monday) between the abovenamed clubs, which resulted in a decisive win for Berwick Berwick went first to the wickets, and remained there until they had compiled the large score of 4th runs, -. Vieusseux 150 R. Rankine 55, J Halford 61, J. Spear GO, It Elms 43, and M Halford 30 (not out) when she "replied farmers The St GeOrge 8 team could not make any stand against the bowling of li. Rankin and E Vieusseux, tile 10 wickets falling for a total of 54 runs. Morris S (not out), Blair 7. -. Fowler 7, Horne 6, and Charrett 5, being the principal scorers. ROWING. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH ROWING CLUB. Trial Four races for the president's trophies will be held on Saturday, from the pump to the boat sheds. The following crews will compete Camm (stroke), Hopkins (3) Thompson (2), Davis (bow) ; Taylor (stroke), Pcrotz (8), Jenvey (2), Armstrong (bow) ; Duggan (stroke), Gay (3), Hall (2), Heath (bow) ; Johnstone (stroke). Edgar (3), Harrison (2), White (bow) : Schlam (stroke), Matthews (3), Dawborn (2), Cooke (bow); Wild (stroke). Drummond (3), Taylor (3), Ferrier (bow); Hatch (stroke), Miller (3), Wilkinson (2), Roberts (bow). LAWN TENNIS. ESSENDON V. CARLTON (Ladies). This match was played at Essendon > yesterday with the following result Misses Brunton and Martin essendon) beat Misses Gorscbel and Elliot (Carlton), 10 to 7, and Misses Irving and Martin, 16 to 2. Misses A. Brunton and Hetherington beat Misses Irving and Martin, 10 to 6 and Misses Elliot and Gorscbel, 10 to 3. Totals essendon, 40 games , Carlton, 21 games. ESSENDON V. CARLTON (Gootlcrocn). This match was played at Essendon yesterday, and resulted in a win for Essendon by 11 games, as follows Messrs. Liscombe and Lyon (B beat Messrs. Gerschel and Coburn (C.). 10 to 1, and were beaten by Messrs. Flood and Irvine; (C), 0 to 10. Messrs. Black and Brunton (F) beat Messrs. Flood and Irving (C ), 10 to 6 and were beaten by Messrs. Gerschel and Coburn (C.), 8 to 10. Totals essendon, 37 games, Carlton, 20 games. 