BLACK -,BLOOD.: A PECULIAR CASE." Br GEORGE MANVILLE FENN, Author of " The Master of the Ceremonies," "The Parson o' Dumford,'? Etc; BOOK II. CHAPTER L. (Coa rr.N"z.) Shereeled and would- havo fallen'but for. Margery's stroigg- arms; but sho: was .quite insensible when thoy-reached her room. oMeanwhile, Jack Thompson paced up and down in the. barracks, with his 'shadow' growing'longer ash receded fromtho admp, and becoming 'shorter as 'hq- iappfrachid it again, till it becam'othat.of a pigmy, a mere blotch aboit his feet; when ho passedunder the lamp above the entry,. "and began once more to" increase the end of his beat inthe Sother direction,' which'.he 'had 'just reiched,' when h hobservod two -dark' figures rising apparently out of the obscurity, " What! you're back again !" he cried. But it was a different voice which ex. claimed : "Hush !" "Why, Chip Tarn, I thought you were :~ I hav been, bn asobliged oet4 I eonuldn ''li-there' wt ith' t iia.st in trouble as poor Rob Blaok's."' ' . " This is hard on a man anduno mistake," muttered Jack. Then aloud : "Well, what is it 1" " Don't make a noise, ack. " " Now, look here, Chip Tarn, you ought to know better than to come here," said Jack, in an ill-used way. " And who's that girl ?" "It's me, Jack Thompson," saidNelly, in a piteous voice. " Don t scold him, please, He wouldn't for ever so long, but when I said I'd come alone if he didn't, he came i with me." " What for 1" said Jack, roughly. " Only to ask you to let me see him for a few minutes." " Have you a ass P"' " Pass ! No,' cried Nelly.. "Who'dgive me a pass ? Let us o in, please," " Chip, my lad,' said Jack, reproach fully, " this is cruel to everybody, and you oughtn't to have done it. No, my lass," he continued to Nelly, " it can't be doneand i you know it." . . . " But only for a minute, Mr. Thompson. Pray-pray do." - ' Chip sighed bitterly as he stood a few steps aside, . " I can't, my gal, I can't." " Not if I'm with her, Jack Thompson P" said Chip, hoarsely. " No, not if you're with her. Why, con found you for a reckless young scoundrel, you ought to know better than to tempt a mate away from his duty." " But you will let me go," cried Nelly, piteously. Jack placed his carbine across his breast once more, and then uttereda sigh of relief, for there was the distant tramp of feet c heard. " Sergeant Slack with the relief," he said, t abruptly. P The name of the non-commissioned officer acted like magic on Nelly, who d turned and fled away into the darkness, leaving Chip with the sentry. " Who will relieve you ?" he said. " Don't know, my lad, so I can't say," criedJack Thompson, shortly. " There, I a don't want to be hard, and I know what 1 a deal you thought of the poor chap, though , you always had a hard word for himlately ; but soldiers can't afford to be soft, my boy, not even when they goes to a funeral. So it will be to-morrow after the volleys are fired. Poor Rob Black will be covered over, t and then we must go on as before and- a Hullo ! the poor boy has gone." Two minutes later Jack Thompson was h relieved, and' the stepsof the sergeant and , his. men had .hardly died away. when the r came forwqrd out of tlae darlics veiI strove .by overy movement5brib.. , cajolery;-, and threats-to obtain admisol", a to. ,where Rob Black sat waiting for the o morning'which was to be his last. But the ce efforts were all thrown away, and after pacing the barrack yard the night through, o and seeming to forget there was such a t thing as fatigue, Chip Tarnm stole back to b quarters just before daybreak, and, un- 1I heard, crept back to the sick bed, but with fever mounting higher in the brain, and a disposition to begin muttering in a . way that would have startled any one who d could have heard. a CHAPTER, LI. LN A Dnrea. A dull, cold, leaden-grey morning, with the birds which appeared here and there } hopping about disconsolately, and giving themselves a fluttering shake to get rid of the moisture which had fallen during the dawn. Rob had slept little during the night, and morning had found him seated upon the edge ofthe rogh bed, gazing at the faint grey light which slowly filled his cell. r * Hislastmorniug upon anearth which had had few charms for him. He had prayed, and as he had prayed he had wondered why he should have been born to so much misery and despair. He had seen others happy and joyous, but his life seemed to him to have been not only a curse to himself but to all he en countered, and with a bitter laugh he told himself that it was better that he should die. Suppose his plans had succeeded, and he had escaped with Hulda, What would it have meant 1 Poverty and degradation forher, to satisfy his seltish love. -It was better as it was. lie was to die, and the sooner he died the sooner he would be at rest. The chaplain had been to him again and again, and spoken lovingly and kindly to him of repentance, and he had lookedat him with wondering eyes, for he could only feel a sensation of delight when he thought of the crime forwhich'he was to suffer. He had beaten Miller till his enemy could hardly crawl, and after his own sufferings at his rival's hands, repentance for his crime would not find a plae' in his breast, so that the chaplisin found no hopa there, but came away sad and discomfited. There was but one regret in Rob's breast, and that was atparting with 'so many good fellows in the regiment, where his enemies could be numbered upon the fingers of one hand. '.Andthen there was poor oldDick, the faithful, true companion, who had implored him again and again for parmission to send for Db'Alton, but only to receive stern refusals and commands that he should hold his peace. "Why should they know, Dick ?" said Rob, laying his hand kindly on the faithful fellow's sloulder. "My mother cared very little for me, and it would only make her miserable, while omy father would bitterly feol the disgrace of his son being shot for a deserter and onoewho had struck his superior officer." " lutlhe cosld dosomething, sir, to save your life," Dick pleaded. again, without avail, andat last he harid to leaveo theprisoner alone. And now thoe morning had come-tliat dull, leaden morning-and Rob said bitterly to himself that it was far better to say good- bye to the world at a time like this, than when all was bright and cheerful, and everything bade him live and love It was all over, and nothing, was'loft for him to do but forgotlHulda--over?ytling-and let Mfllcr see that he could die liko'a soldier. At last, after what seemed an intereinablo time, there was the tramp, trmpp 'of thq guard, and he was to be' marched out to his death.' No: the men wore halted, and it wau merely the changeo of sentries. The olrder was given, the steps died away, and a heavy Ssmc echoed in the passage outnldo the prison There was a sharp billant sound, but Rob hardly heeded it, andl it was repeated. . "1 'st ! PI't I RohI Blhack I" " Who's them re?" said Rob, 'nioving toward the door, for there was the faint hope in hii Publishesdlr poolamingeuamsntwwithithe ausil'. 'brain that it might be some message-some kindli farewell from Hulda. ' . S11, lad-Jack Thompson." "You?. Well, what is 'it?" said Rob, coldly. "co me closer. to the window, lad, or I shall be heard." ' Robmoved neareras requested, but in a dull indifferent. way, for he was mentally stunned, and asked for nothing better than to be allowed to finish his last moments in peace. . 4"I only wanted to say a: few words, my i lad," saidJack;. " You and me never hit it off very well together, becauseI was a thick- I hoeded- fool, ahnd- took fancies again you. -But they'ro all gbone.now, and I wanted to I say God bless you, my lad, and how sorry I 'am, and that's what every lad in the regi ment feels." ' ": "' Thank you; Jack, thank you," said Rob, i calmly. " We've talked it over and over, my lad, and we're most ready, to mutiny, only we 'haven't got no bead." ,":Hush, mainhuh '!" ." No, no, it arn't a thing to be hushed, and the men feel it bitterly." t " No, no; say no more. I was tried and condemned. Tell mo where Dick is. Why: does he not come to-say good-bye " " Dick,' my lad? Haven't they told s you?"' - . . n olj c ob 'the:first t "'Bout hii 'being ill; my lad. Broke a down about you; and its brainfever, they "Poor old Dick I" muttered Rob. t "I saw Mother Dann last night when she t came home to see young Chip as is ill in bed too.". h " Chip Tarn ill ?" " Ah, very bad, and talks wild, Dann v says, and he's been much put about because f he has to sit with him instead of going to the canteen. And Mother Dann says if there 84 isn't a change soon he won't get over it." tl "iHer boy ?" " No, my lad, poor Dick White, and him el raving about the shooting and- What a i fool I am," lie said, giving himself a slap n across the mouth. ."Rob Black, my lad J" " There was no answer from the cell, and b Jack Thompson waited a few minutes and sa then his voice came again. d "Rob--Rob Black !" Still no answer, for Rob was seated upon his truckle bed with his face down on his tl hands, weepin g bitterly for the. only friend li he : seemed to have had through his boyish di days. The pace of the sentry and the clank of his St spurs began again and then ceased, and the a, big bluff fellow's voice arose. 01o " Rob, my lad, I'd hard work to get on 0 sentry again, and I did it so as to say good- r bye to you. Can you hear me, lad ?' Rob was still too much stunned by this h last news to reply, and Jack Thompson said at softly:- oi " I'm trusting to it that you can hear me, p my lad, and I'll say it out loud for self and comrades. Good-bye and God bless you I" R Rob heard the valedictory words, but he sa could not speak. He waved one hand as if it could be seen, and then sat motionless till st there were steps once more inside the military. ti prison. g What followed seemed to be part of a ti dream. Ho knew that he was offered food, and hi that the chaplain came and prayed with him, but he was stunned, and seemed hardly to hi hear a word. le answered mechanically to sI all that was said, and when at last the chap- ai lain shook hands with him he stared at hin am wonderingly. fa "Good-bye, Black." ill "Good-bye, sir? Are you going away?" w " My poor boy," cried the chaplain, in a d choking voice, "have all my words been tl thrown away? Do you not realise what is about to take place?" "To take place? Oh, yes. It seems to have paised away, sir. Yes. I am to be shot. Well, sir, I am ready." n" Ho drew himself up stiffly, and at that tii?.-lttiheere ?as a'sharp tramp" of! armed hi c ,4 ordere,:1~Os grdnnding of ohrbines, hi an.'teflbo were once more shot back for Sergeant O'Rourke and a squad to enter the call. . . The dreaminess came over the prisoner once more, and it was as if through a mist that lie saw the red face of the sergeant, at blotched and mottledwith white, and hls eyes pl looking swollen and strange. ti 'Then, still as if in a dreamt he took his a place when ordemdl and was marched out into the cold grey light, to find the regiment of drawn up on parade, forming three sides of th His first glance was at the colonel's house, where the blinds were all drawn down, and fc in a confused wondering way he asked him- si self who was dead. a A smile crossed his pale face directly, as ht realised that it was a token of respect for A him, or of sorrow for his death. s His next glance was at the barracks, and then back at the colonel's house, to see a bi blind drawn aside anda sash slightly opened, a1 and as he gazed there wildly he saw that the conservatory window through which he ol had paseed that night was also open, and it to brought up a flood of thoughts. " Poor Chip Tarn l" he said to himself, at "but lie was staunch after all." ti Still all dreamy, and he wondered at his ti want of dread as he found that he was placed ce in the centre of a group of men drawn up s] ready. tc in front were the provost marshal and escort of fourme: ; next the band; and after a short space he knew that he was standing b: in the rear, with the chaplain at his side and I a guard on either hand. I Behind him came Sergeant Slack, and the te rear was brought up by a party of a dozen b men whom 'he knew to be the firing party, deputed to end his life. li And yet it did not seenm to be his life that s] was to be brought to an cund. He could not d realise all this, but with the utter absence of k dread which comes to one whose nerves are d stunned as it were by the near approach of death, he felt that lihe was taking part in b some dramatic show. He heard the orders given, and the first b strains of the band thrilled hint with a strange shudder as he realised they were a playiig the "Dead M-arch" from Saul, the ti weirdly mournful strains echoing from the distant buildings, as in alow time the h procession move? on. ii As the procession moved on a low hissing t sound rose from the ranks, as if the men t were drawing their breath hard, and more b than once a low murmuring arose, as one a comrade spoke to another without turning o his thead or seeming to move his lips. ' d So strange and yet soreal: the strains of i the band, the echoes froin the walls of the barrack buildings and stabling, the mnrmurs i 'of the men; all striking strangely upon the h keen senses' of the prisoeier, who heard and saw'" everything, and still with the a peculiar dreasmy sensation maintaining itself it so that it appeared to be ill in connection aniother man. Once and once only did the terrible scene seem real to the prisoner, and that was when the chaplain, walking on his right, beogan to i repeat thie service for the dead. t 1Rob had once stopped by a country church t to witness a funeral, and ha4 reverently followed, after the clergyman had beon down to the lychgato to meet the coffin. And now this seemed to be tle sanme, only that there was no coflin visible; and yet the chaplain spoke on the various offices for the dead. With a slow forumdlity that was appalling a the procession completed its march along t esacch side of the square, as if the autthorities I who planned the formality of a court-martial had deotormined that overything should be of .s nature to impress the speetators, and aweo every turbulent spirit in the forces, so tlhat hea ght hesitate long beforo he aittempted the orime for whicli Ids comrado was to suffer. By a refinement of cnrelty peculiar to i these proceedings, tihe prisoner was halted by the open grave dug ready to receive his relaiino, amid cloe to the edge of which liay tie roughl coMin. There was no tremor visible, nio look of dread in Rob's face, as he gazed for a moment at the terrible preparatlons before facing round to listen to the inext procedings. . In due form one of the ofiteer, read the I aooount of the coaut-martial with: the prisoner's crime and sentenoo,.: . The proceedlnge were rmd in a loud voloe; and in the midst of the painful `hush the last words died out as the sentence was named, the officer's hand fell to his side, and he stood gazing 'at the prisoner, who alone seemed unmoved. For what had he to live for ? he asked hinm self. This was only the last sceneo in an unhappy life: and the sooner it was over the better now. The proceedings seemed endless, conso quent upon the slow formality observed; but for all that they advanced rapidly, and in inother minute the provost-martial had taken charge of the doomed man, and placed him close to the edge of the grave. Tho prisonqr now looked sh " ly round, fully' observant of what was taking place, and his eyes.lit upon the stern countenance of the colonel, then upon those of the various officers with whom he had most been brought in contact. Suddenly he encountered the eyes of Captain Miller gazing at him with a strangely eager look of hate and satisfaction that could not be misinterpreted. The two men looked full in each other's ees for a time, distant as they were, and n Rob turned his calmly away and watched the chaplain and escort fall back, while a quick movement in answer to a hoarse order seemed to awaken him for a moment to the fact that the party which had marched behind him in the procession about the square were toking up ia sition in frpt.I S'ý.The firing pa~y," he said to himdf and the notes of the band in the solemn spirit-stirring march seemed to be once more thrilling him through and through, while the deep roll of the drums sent a shudder 1 through his frame. Rob's eyes sought Miller's again, and as I he gazed at him, past the firing party, now going through the dreadful preliminaries with the precision of disciplined.men, he I forgot the coming end to think of Hulda. I "She will never marry you," he said, softly. "I am spared that bitterness, and this is no timesfor hate." He forced himself to gazo away from his 1 enemy, and once more his eyes wandered i round in search of that which was not on the I way-the reprieve. Then the quick rattle of arms brought him 1 back to that which he had to face, and he* scanned the ashy countenances of the men drawn up in double rank. liah I A thrill of joy ran through his breast, and I the stunned sensation seemed to pass away like a cloud. He was too young, after all, to die-and he would live. That something white-which he had seen for a moment in the sergeant's hand- I even in the hand of the man who had been S one of his most bitter enemies. Fate had ordained that he was to be the bearer of the s reprieve. Yes: he did not want to die! He must- a he would live, and his life-blood seemed to d surge wildly through his veins at the sight d of that white paper the sergeant had dis played. f in the midst of his revulsion of feeling, Rob could hardly keep down a smile at what t seemed to be a mockery. 14 "They have kept me on the hooks of in suspense to the last moment, even to making 8 this theatrical display of coffin and grave," ho said to himself; "and now, on the brink, I am to be snatched back I" A curious sensation of giddiness came over h him, and lie felt he was about to fall. ii By an effort of determination he recovered tJ himself so that 'ho should not be seen to t' show the white feather before his comrades, . and, he stood erect, gazing at the sergeant; v and then once more lihe grew fixed and stony, face to face with death, for it was a mocking illusion of his brain-a straw of hope at 8 which he had tried to snatch as he was drifting fast away upon the great flood-tide a that was to bear him to eternity. b "God help me," he wispered to himself, d "to die as a bravo man should." f And he gazed once more at the white h paper the sergeant deliberately unfolded i now. ' No. It was not a paper, but a white 1 handkerhief being unfolded ready .c bind his eyes. -'- ? - t CHAPTER LII.' oIC nas?'A Dn A I•onT. t " If Iwasn't such a coward-if Iwasn't I sucha coward I" cried. Dick. Sogden, as he paced up and down his room. " Howmany times have I seemed to see it all,-haunting ma-haunting me P " They say them's ghosts and the spirits of murdered men rise against them as kill them; and it's just as if he was always. comng to me. " It wasn't murder. I was only fighting for liberty. And I've seemed to see him ever since, and it has been as if I had never had ahappy hour all these years. " What I've suffered-what I've suffered I And I'm such a coward, or I should go and speak out and save him. "No, no, no, I can't.. They wouldn't believe a word of it. They'd say I was mad, and if they did belive it-Ah I" He wrung his hands, and the great drops of swent gathered on his brow as lie mut tered in a harsh, angr, whisper.: " And who wouldn 't be a coward h Is it such an easything to be hung? Oh, the times I've seen it all-the constables and the handcuffs-the magistrate and the evidence- and then the trial, and the judge speaking low and solemn iand sentencing me il to death. c " If I wasn't such a coward "Poor Master Rob. And him so true and brave and staunch. Such a lad as he is. I I'll go ! I'll tell everything, It'll save him, and I'd .better be hung than hold my tongue when a word would keep him from being shot. " No; that devil would say it was all a lie; and then he'd hunt me down, and I should be hung-hung by the neck till I was dead. And I swore I'd be true to him, and keepit all a secret. I swore I would. What didI say" - ie shuddered as he presedhis hands to his burning brow and gazed wildly.round. "I don't know now. It seems all gone, but I swore it, and I've kept my oath. " But I didn't know it would come to this, I and it's too horriblo-tbo horrible for a inum to bear." le stopped short close to the wall, with ' his head bent forward and eyes staring as if ho were gazing into sp?ce, his lipomoving tlio.whle, and at times they were the mut torigs of delirium. And tlon he seemed to be struggling hard to colleet himself, and shook hishead and pasbed his hands over his eyes again" and again to sweep away.' the dimming mental' "mist whicsh?'enfiij his. . intellect. "Can'tthink- ean'?soemtothinkclearly," I he muttredangrily. " Things get mixed up idtogether." ' ' "', " ,' Ioe stood gazing . straight 'at the wall again, and he burst out now in a fierce demmluaiitory wyn. ' " Yes, I will " he crid, " I dare tell everything.-:· o's a brave, true, noblo fellow, and you've been a curse to him. Yes, you. A brute. I've seen youlashhim like a dog, as you've lashed me with your tongue. Like a dog-treated me like a dog tmreated usallliko dogs. But I've kept my word. I swore I'd do everything you said, andI've done it, Ahll" ie rushed to the side of the room, poured I out some water quickly, and bent down to "bathe his brow." "Sooms to clear one, like," he muttered, as hlie held the towel to his face. " 1 oan thiiik now, and there isn't that black aloud pressimg down upon a man's head." lieo began to pace the room again. " If lonly dared spoeak-if I only dared speak I" hlie groaned, as ho sankle dowi in a sitting position oi the edge of his bed, iand began to rock himnself to and fro. " Wlat did he say'P That so sure as thero was a God above he'd denounes me and leave no stone unturned to send me to the gallows- and he would-lie would and I'm a coward, a miserable coward. I always wiis. " Never mind, Master Rob, lad,"and lieo spoke in a light, half-piteous way, as if the person addressed were resent---" Ita only a short and a'slerp sting. You're at soldler and it's what lhe lglit expect some thua or other. Youn gave ithim well, and au feel h about that, and, I can tell you.onq thlnug, lad, mueoold~E 'aoI'ani 'that life sin't worth having ; it's beon to me almost a caseo. Better out of it, my lad, and go to slep-eh ?" He bent forward andemiled as thoevacant look uponhis face increased. " "Whydon'tI goout of it? Why don't I tell the truth ? Hah I That's it. I'm such a coward, my lad,. such a coward. I daren't speak,, not oven to giveo you year own. Ahle, it's weary work, lad, when you've got something like this on your mind. Sleepin or waking, it's always there. His yees looking at you, and telling you that you killed him. I've seen him pomuin lets of times to a crowd on a dark morning, and when I looked there was something swinging to and fro above the crowd,andI daren'tlook any more, and then he has seemed to laugh and jeer at me, as if he waspleased that I should be punished and suffer as I do." Dick leaped up with an angry cry, and looked wildly round ashe pressed his brow. " 'Tain't drink," he muttered thickly. " I haven't touched a drop, but it's just like it was that time after the whiskey. Seems all real-like, and asif I was talking to him. Seems to be sitting there and lookiong at me with those bright eyes of his and asking me to save him. Said he was so young and didn't want to die like that. " PIoor lad," he said, afterapause, "Why should he when there's only ma in the way ? I willepeak. I'l gotothe cqloneland tellhim all the truth, if I can only keep my head dnd remember what I want to say, but it keeps going from me. Seems like walking straight to the gallows, and they'd try me and hang me for it. What of that ? It would be the saving of as true a lad as ever stepped and it would make those old people happy- I two who never did me harm. I will tell them. I'll make a clean breast before it is too late, and before he comes. " No, no, I cannot," groaned the unhappy man wildly, andI he stood pointing before him. "As soon as I say I will, he seems to I be lying out there in the copse, among the wetleaves and dripping grass, and he opens his eyes and looks at me, and- there he is again. Don't-don't-don't, master-don't e look at me like that. It was an accident-the I gun went off in thetnssle.' Dick sank upon his knees and stretched out I his hands as he gazed into vacancy. k " I couldn't help it-you knowI couldn't t help it, and that I'd sooner have cut off,my d right hand than pulled the trigger. Don't t look at me like that. Help-help I What t shall Ido?" The wretched man sank down from where I he had east himself upon his' knees and lay a grovelling upon the floor. c "It isn'tthat I'm afraid to die. I've a suffered'so much thatmy l:fe has been a hell f upon earth, but it's that-it's that. Ho's b always there, seeming as if he'd drag me d down- drag me down, and I daren't-I daren't face that. It is too terrible to bear. I " Whatshalll do? Let that brave, young a fellow die, or speak the truth ? "No, I dare not. When he comes he'll tellSirPhilip, andit will allbe stopped. How long will it bhe before he comes ? The letters ti must reach him, and I've sent them both, in b spite of all ho said. Poor lad-poor lad !" a Dick at last rose from where he lay with ii the intention of going to Sir Philip's room, h waking him and making a full confession of a his sins; but as soon as he reached the door, a it seemed to him in his over-excited state that I the murdered gamekeeper stood in his way, threatening him with extended hand, and heo shrank back with a wild cry, to cast himself, writhing in a'-ony, upon the bed. a A few words bravely spoken would have e changed the current of events; and Richard Sogden fought hard to speak those words. h Hour succeeded hour with determination to act coming and coming again and again ; but it was always the same as the wild fit of delirium increased. There stood by him the c figure of Rob, despairingly. pleading that he would save his life, and on the otherhand, o like some mocking fiend, the form of the I dead keeper standing in his way to drive him back. " It's so that I shan't do aught that might tellformnby-and-bye," groanedDiok ' I"' tomake'sure of me when I'm trying to do right. Master Rob, lad, I want to save you. I'm ready to die so thatyoumay live, but it's too late-too latoe now. Lookthere," and he i paused, as he pointed straight before; " he's = stopping me-he won't let me go past him, and it's too late." .. 1 CHAPTER LIII. nDOcroR OPINION. Dick Sogden was not the only sleepless one in that house. The hours passed slowing on, and Sir Philip Cope lay thinking and jealously care ful not to move, lest he should cause Lady Cope to speak. For lie was convinced that she was awake. Over and over again a smothered sigh'had escaped her lips, and there liad been a faint movement as if a handkerchief were passed to two weeping eyes. "I'd give anything," thought the colonel, " to save him, but it cannot be. What's that ?" eIo listened attentively, for he fancied that he heard a sound in the house, but itwas not repeated, and he lay thinking again for a t tilne. Then there was another sound as of a loud cry, smothered by passingthreugh wall and door, and, glad of the opportunity for chaging the current of his thoughts, Sir Philip hastily rose and began to dress. He left his place very quietly, but he had proof positive directly that Lady Cope was awiake. " Is anything wrong, dear?" she said, softly. "Are you ill? Can I fetch you I anything?" "Ill? No, no," he said, hastily. "Don't be alarmed." "What is it ?" she cried, excitedly. "A messenger from town " " No, no," he said angrily, as he grasped the bent of her thoughts, and it exasperated him. "I thought I heard a noise down stairs." "A noiso?" "Yes. Lie still. It may be nothing, but I'll go and speak to White." "There is sometling wrong," said Lady. Cope, excitedly, for at that moment there was a' quick tap at the door. "Yes! Who's there?" . Marge7r, SirPhllip. Wouldyouplease to get up '. He threow on his dressing-gown and opened the door, to find the confidential servant waitinig with a candle in her hand, 'which she held over the balustrade above bher head ias she'gixzed down.,; - I'" !,', ,:.': --.; ..... wha itr?o?? ...... ". ? "I don't know, Slir Philip ; only that I have heard something again and again. J could not sleep." The execution met him at every turn, and hlie gave an impatient stamp as hlie said hastily: SThe sentries; or someothing, perhaps, at the stables." "No, Sir Philip, I have tried to think it was that, but it is downstairs. Either .1o.lO have broken in or White is taken ,"White " " Yes. I heard a noise not many minutes ago, as if some one had fallen against a door, and I'mn afraid it must be YWhite in his "I'l be there directly," said Sir Philip excitedly. 't Only an attack of colic, or sometlhing of that kind, my dear," he said to Lady Cope. "Don't be alarmed." Ho went out, to find Margery verypaleand trembling; and, trying to reassure her, they hurried to the man's roome to find the door fastened on the inside. Sir Philip knookedl sharply. "White I" hie exoliimod, "is anything wrong I" A deep groan was the only answer. "Stanld aisldo, said the colonel, and stelppiig back, he miado a rush at the door, buratig the lock from its hold. White lay on tlhe floor moaning, and with hli lips imoving fast. Sir Philip looked rouud in soareh of signs of forible entry, and then at the servant for injuroies ; but it was plin enough to see thalmt' the poor.follow was suffeoring iron a soizure, and as the eidlonol' butet over hine he caught fromn' time to time some of the inooherent expressions which fell fromin WVhite's lij.. Ieo could meko notlngl'of theii, howoveri, and after vainly *$`fing to moke the sufferer rtske of a little i'ter,Sir Philip turned to " ,rr I, I'm afaid," ld'st.id. "The poor fellow in the friend and cormanioaý of Privato Black, and this terrible bsaiheses' ha been preyingnpon his mind." " ShallI fetch the doctor, ei-lf "No: I can't send you out in- the'middle of the night," said Sir Philip; shortly. "Stay with the poor fellow till I ttims." '" Brain, sir, brain," said the doetb.; when he had been fetched. "Good heavens! How the poor fellow keeps on wandering about death and punishment.'" "No wonder," said Sir Philip, shortly. "He was poor Black's friend. '"Oh I" said the doctor, quietly. "That aecolauts for it. Poor fellow I suppole' there is to be a reprieve, Sir Philip '" "ForBlack? No." " Oh, come, sir. You'll excuse me, Y know, but surely that case mightbo met by a few months' punishment." "No, doctor, the court-martial sentence will have to be carried out." "But really-I would" not speak so plainly, but Miller got no more than he "The private soldier struck his superior officer, and assaulted him afterwards very brutally. It is impossible for discipline to be carried out in these evil times unless punish ments are enforced." S" Wýll," said the doctor, I er stand.bur feclows l in l l ) but when it ?c?es to their being shot ly our own men, I feel it is time to protest." " 3y dear doctor," sid Sir Philip, stifly, " we did not make martial-law; we are only its servants, and have to obey, so don't you think our argument is likely to be of a barren nature ?" The doctor shrugged his shoulders. " What about our patient ?" "Let him lie-here till morning, and then I must have him in hospital, unless her ladyship forbids his removal." "'As she certainly will, poor fellow. You think itis brain, then 7" "Undoubtedly; brought_ on by mental - anxiety, I should say. He must not be left. I'll send in, one of the women-?rs. Dann." The doctor took his departure, and Sir Philip sat by the sick man's side, listening to his wanderings, and feeling half startled at times by the wild excited talk of murder-of dread of punishment, and of some oath that had been sworn; but he setit all down .to the man's delirium, and within an hour ths watcher was relieved by the coming of Mrs. Dann, quiet, grave, and composed, looking as if itwas partof her regular life to be called out of bed in the middle of the night; as she unrolled an apron which she took from a capacious pocket, and put it on after bangingher shawl and bonnet up behind the door. "How are you now, White?" said Sir- Philip, kindly; and he laid his hand upon his servant's brow. " Who's that?"he said. "Sir Philip "" "Yes, my man. How are yon?" "I'll confess now. I'll tell you all. Let them do what they like. They shan't shoot him. No, no, no, sir. I swear it was an. accident. You pulled the gun, and it caught in the blackthorn bush. I wouldn't hurt a hair of your head, air, I wouldn't indeed, sir. Don't betray me, sir. It was an accident, sir, 'pen my soul it was. I'll be like your dog, sir. There isn't anything I wouldn't do for you sir. Don't tell, sir. Ah I He's shot-he's dead I" Sir Philip's lip quivered, and he turned away his eyes, encountering those of the "They 'listed'together, sir, and his poor. head's running on Robert Black's execution. Oh, sir, is that poor boy to be shot?" "Silence, woman l" said Sir Philip; sternly, and, more deeply moved than he cared to show, he walked out of the room. Dick watched him wildly till the door closed, and then turned and stared at Mrsi. Dann. "Has he gone for the Ipolicel" he whispered. ,? , no, no, my dear. TIh ,there, lay your poor burin hcad do ? It "aches, and you re all in tro?tble, but. try and go to sleep." As she bent down over the bed andlaid her hand upon the sick man's forehead, he raised his arms, clasped her round the neck, drawing her face down to his, and kissed her lovingly. . - The woman started back angrily, and her hand was involuntarily raised,-but Dick's words disarmed her. "Thankyo, mother," he said, gently. "That's like old times. I seem to have dreamed that you were dead and goane-dea& and' gone- to the old man. Hush, come closer. It was an accident. Poor fellow I Shot, you know--shot, mother; and there he lay with the blood running from him all in ared pool. I'd ha' givo the world-or I'd ha' killed myself, to bring him back. Don't you believe it of me, dear." . "His poor head I" said Mrs. Dann, softly, as she brushed back Dick's hair from his brow. "That's nice," he sighed. "Just as you did when I had the fever so bad. Don't you remember P" "He takes meno for his mother, pr .. fellow," said Mrs. Dann, softly. " No, no; lie still-lie still." "So horrible to shoot a man, and you - stand by and not speak." ' " But let's hope they will not, my dear." "But they will-yes they will. They'll hang me. o'd tell. He swore he would, and he made me swear. Poor lad I Always such a nice, frank, handsome boy." "Always," said Mrs. Dann, .softly. "But there, you go to'sleep, my lad, and you'll be better soon." Dick gazed at her wildly. " Wheare's my gun?" lie said, sharply, as ho caught her hand. "My'shortgun.. - " Your carbine, lad it's on the rack, I suppose." "Rack ? Yes; hid it in the beoon rack.. It's as true a piece as ever was made. I can?. kill with it." " Al, and you may thank your stars that ' you haven't to use it, my lad," said-Mrs. Dann to herself. " It's so easy to shoot a man," whispered Dick, pressing her arm. " One pull of the tri'gger--just a touch, and there he lies on the ground with his eyes staring at you as itf - ho was asking 'you why you did that.. D6ad I-dead I-dead 1" " I've seen a many cases, and I've listened to the poor lads raving with wounds and, fever and the rest of it, but I never felt as I do now," muttered Mrs. Dans. "Poor - ellow I how ho mixesit all up." •)iok'u eyes closed then, ansl-dedroppo-- nto a fitful sleep, but every now and again his lips moved, and he spoke in an incoherent manner, his words always relating to death, and the watcher couldheap from time to time--" lshot," and "the blood," and " lying dead," till as she eat thero listoning, the frank, manly face of Rob seemed to come up before her, and his - sentenco rang inher cnars, and as she more fully than over realised the fate tlhat was to befallhim, she- let her face godowninher hands, mand sobbed as else had not sobbodfoer - And so thenight passed away, andthe dull, grey morning ap peared . dra. Dann Id isat through the long, dreary hoursn watlching, .and about da break Dick seemed to be sleeping peace!ny -a sleep that grew more deep as the tim. prgroosel, till, after busily putting the siokk reoom straight, tihe nurse wont down to the kitohen, partook of some breakfast with IMargery, Nelly Dawson being in her room.. "Sick," said Margcry, gravely; and it ehe had been speakisg of herself tie exprea sion would have boen very approprinto -for her face was of a pe:0siar sallow, and them were dark rings alxmt her eyes. - Theo two women hrdly spoke afterwards, but sat in the darkcln,,l kitchen, with the window blinds drswi ,lown, and a peculiar: silenou reigning in thu place. . Mrs. Dann felt oager to speak cf the xeoutlon, but Msargcry's looks wore se. repellUet that she did not venture, contentlag herself with sipping her tea, and .wondoa: how Chip was, and then about howR lo Blaok wis oomportlng himself. -. . "' Ifo'll mares out and die likes ldfe _ " sheio adduddenly sthrt: . d.e . "I-i-beg' your pardon. I did ,not tpen?a" altaered lIrs. ann. t' Yo~ did-you horrible woman," cried Margery. "' You ( oplo think no more of a •human life than if it was a stone." " Bue---" " Don't speak to mni," cried Margery, t~citedly. "So long as you can have your glory and chow, that's all you care fur ; While the poor boy is to be led out thii Horning and dir, and you begin boasting and r-y ' like a soldier." "I tliuj l 't:.I ivls spoeding to myself," laid Mis. Diunno, humbly, "I'm suie Id give anything to save the poor lad's life." MLargery mllade no":reply, but left her "untasted breakfast and hlrriedupstairs. " I'd ij appetite before," said rsia Danny eadly ; ".I cam't bat ilow.", -She rese, too, uand went back to Dick's room, p~nd i?,,nd him still apparently asleep. "r. Dsu .;.:t dinlo tu li..tsat to her patient's brecthli??, slad ul she listened she heard more. For there wes the trumpetcall, the trampling of hormse, ad as the old soldier's wife sit there, she pictured in her *mind everything that, was taking place, till finally .she could see in imagination the troos d~awn Uli, the group of ofilcers, and the prisoner, bandaged of eye, waiting for his doom .. "I "an't stanol it any !onger," she said to herself, as she 'rossed to Dick's bedside and found-that to all appearaines he was sleeping soundly., "I'm a hsoldier's wife, and I haven't been all these yours in the regiment without taking an interest in everything." She hurried to the door but stopped short. " No, poor lad, I ciin'l. I don t waiut to see him shot. It's too ,ruel; and yet some howlfel asif Iousa t tosee ?hin standing up there facing them all. Poor lad I Poor lad I . Whiy it inight hove been my Chip." She shuddered bud turned pale at the thought, while a fies, e struggle wentbn'in her breast between ciuriosity and her bitter r1.-4isat a. gei +indowaf ooamld-. ang a view of the pia?ul.e-ground, where she sould see all, whileo th. utter silenco of the place, and the knowledre that the colonel had gone,, and that the wmrncn would be certain to shut themselves up till all, was over, encouraged her to try and gratify the intense desire she felt; and at last, after another glance at the man she was .setto watch, she stole cautiously.out of the sick room. (re Da CeessrsuNa.) 