Boveust J A GILDED BAIT; K "KIN BUT LESS THAN KIND." 131' AN, OLD. CONTRIBUTOR. ' ; CHAPTER VII.— (CoxilKUJiD) ' It is— Guy I" Reynold's answer was a groan of utier de spair, and she suddenly looked up, as if re cognising him for the first time. " Reynold — you here ? " " Don't corse me I I am here alive, and he—" . " Hai died to save you ?; Have you, Guy ? Oh, God ! Burely, surely he will look up and Bay good-bye ; the parting will be for so long, and we loved each other so ! Reynold, why do you wait here ? Go for help. Are you mad i God would not be so cruel. Guv is not dead. : He will not die ! Leave me. I will watch here ; why do you wait ? " Even as she spoke they both beard the sound of voices, and a crowd of men hurry ing along the road came up. May saw the village doctor, and, springing to her feet, clasped his arm with fingers which seemed made of iron. " Tell me, or I shall go mad ; is he dead 1 " Would Reynold ever forget the awful mo ments which followed as the doctor knelt down and, with his impassive face, made an examination. Speech seemed frozen. He could only look from the death-like face on the grass to the agonised girlish eyes at his Bide, as they stood, her hands locked over her heart as if she would press down the anguish which would else have found vent in cries of agony and despair. She asked the question — not he — as the dootor at length looked up. " Tell me — in one word 1 " " My dear Miss Adair, he is not dead." May flung her arms above her head, a wild cry breaking from her lips, and fell forward at their feet. BeynoM stooped and raised her tenderly, feeling as if some one had drawn him back from the very gates of hell. His prayer had been answered ; all but a mighty flood of thankfulness and joy was forgotten, as he bore her away. When he returned he met the procession going towards Erleston. They moved slowly v and with great care, but when they laid Guy down in the old hall, Reynold's face was the firBt his eyes met, as life, slowly flickering back, dawned in his eyes. He smiled feebly. " Reynold, are you all right ?" Were these indeed Reynold's eyes — Rey« Hold's tears ? " Gay, you saved ray life at the peril of your own. You have heaped coals of fire on my head indeed." They drew him away, and Guy was carried upstairs, Reynold waiting to explain to his father, his face still pale with a look that k seemed to say he had como through the p shadow of a mighty fear. All night long he paced the corridor outside his brother's door, listening to the slightest sound, and in the morning the doctor allowed him to take his place by the bedside. Guy wbb delirious, and did not know him, and Reynold's face grew haggard with anxiety, though he said little, only glancing every now and then with a look which the doctor did not understand, at a coat which lay near, and on . whioh was a deep red stain. If even yet Guy should die ? Would that red slain ever leave him ? In the light of this awful night it seemed to him his whole soul lay bare before him, and he told himself it was his hand, not Wilis', which had struck Guy down. In the weeks which followed one watcher never left Guy's side ; one hand was never tired. Night and day, snatching only a few hours' sleep, Reynold watched, soothing the sufferer with more than a woman's tender- "> ness, and listening to the doctor's report with haggard eyeB whioh Beemed to dare turn to epeak of danger. Mir. Oakley looked on with unbounded amazement; admiration for Reynold his one apparent feeling. But Reynold hardly spoke ! to Mm ; he seemed to take no interest iu any- 1 thing but the details of the sick room. The j news that Wills had escaped fell on dead i ears, and when Mr. Oakley announced I that, actiog on advice, he had gone back to j the old wages at the mice, he seemed hardly I to understand. i f Guy fought hard with death after the bul let had been extracted, but the grim shadow was chased away at length. In his dreams he seemed to have Reynold's face ever be side him. Reynold's band held the cup to hislip, smoothed his pillow. Rsynold was sleepless and watchful, forestalling his every wish. He thought dreamily that it was all very Btrange. Waking up one morning after what appeared to him a long night'3 troubled ' sleep, he was surprised to hear what seemed like May's voice, and as he put up his hand as if to clear his eyesight, two soft hands took his in a warm clasp, and May's face was bent down upon his pillow, her tears falling fast. " Why, May 1 " " Yon promised not to excite him," the minister said then, and Guy seemed suddenly to remember. " Have I been ill, May ? " " Yes, dear Guy, very ill ; but you are better, and now you are going to get well. You will make haste, wont you I for I am , oh, so impatient ! " He looked at her fondly. " You told me that night, and we saved him. Where is he? Reynold? I dreamed, you know, that he was here — so very kind and j gentle — and once — I suppose I was dreaming — that I felt his tearB on my face. Was it all a dream ? " The wandering words seemed to stab Rey- nold, but he came forward, saying hus kily,— " No, Guy, I am here ! " "Why, so you are, old fellow; and have you been ill, too V You look line a ghost. The shot did not touoh you. did it ! " " No, Gay, you saved me that." " I'm very glad. Who fired it ? " " Wills; lie got off. We were all so anxi ous an(l excited that noparticulars were asked till morning, and by that time they had es caped." " I'm very glad." That was so like Guy that the Minister laughed, though he broke off to wipe his spec tacles, and remind them that the doctor's " five minutes " were over. May rose reluctantly, stooping to lay the flower ehs cairied on Guy's pillow. Reynold saw her wistful look as she glanced back from the doorway, and saw, too, how Guy watched her as she left the room. Something seemed to strike him as he turned back to his i brother's side. That evening be had a long talk with the doctor, who seemed at first rather amazed, but ended by laughingly de claring he believed Mr. Oakley was quite right. " Mr. Guy would put himself into a fever counting the hours till she returned." Then Reynold went to his father, who seemed to think his son had taken leave of his senses. When there was a pause he looked keenly into the other's face. "You wish — you advise this? Have you got over it all, then Reynold ? " ! For an instant Rjynold hesitated, a flush burning on his lace, when he lifted his head. "I always shall love hex best in the world, but she once told me, and it ia true, that true love would wish her happiness, not mine. I'm going tn try if I C3n get out of my old selli.-hncsr." "And Guy?" Reynold's face quivered, and his eyes seemed to burn. " Father, ail my life I have been unjust to Guy. He revenged himself by risking his life for mine'; thank God.it isn't too late to show him. No, 1 could never make up, but at loss: I'll do my best." Mr. Oilcley was evidently too lost in amazjutent to Bpeak, and Reynold con tinued,— " L'lease don't think because this is Budden that I am only acting ou the impulse of the moment ! Yvuen L thought Guy was dead, it seemed to me I would give my life if I could believe he wcuid come back to life again. I vowed to myself I would never wrong him again. I've been a mean our, but I Eee my own batefulness now. Thank God it's not too late!" ! " You, Reynold ."' "Yes, il You know what I did? I first drove him from Erieston, and then — if she had not been true, I would have stolen her from him aacl robbed har cf her faith and trust. I could not succeed because she is what she is." Mr. Oakley listened in troubled si'en3e,and Reynold left him to pay a visit to the ManBO. CHAPTER VIU. It seemed very strange for Reynold to be at the Manse, the minister's kindly face op- j posite, and May listening to what he had to j say, her sweet face a mixture of smiles and tears. " You really think he would improve faster?" " I am sure of it — the moment she is gone he begins to count the hours till her return. Give May to us, Mr. Dene, and let her help me to nurse Guy back to strength." " Was this really Reynold ? May could hardly believe the fact, and when the minister had said good-by at the I door, promising to think the matter over, she ran after him with a shawl thrown over her head. " Reynold I want to sneak to vou." He looked back to see her face very pale in the moonlight, her eyes suffused with tears, her sweet lips trembling. " Reynold, all these weeks I have been re proaching myself bitterly. I did you a great injustice, I said very cruel things. You ; j have been so kind, the doctor eays Guy al- j j most owes his life to your care, and I have felt so sorry for all I have said and thought 1 Can you forgive me?" j To her surprise he shrank back, not offer ing to take the hand sho held out, and when he spoks his voice was hoarse and broken. " Don't, May, you strike me to the earth. You beg my pardon ! What if all you said and thought was true ? What if I did accuse him falsely — write that letter— poisoned my father's mind against him ? It was May's turn to start, but she said gently, after a pause, — " Bat you did not ?" " i did; I am guilty of all these things— and I think — am sure he knew. He risked his life for ma all the same 1 Can vou offer me your hand now ? It is all true, and yet I should like to tell you ; since this happened I have seen my sin — -despised mvseif more than any one can do. I believe hs has for given, and will forgive, even when I tell him all. There never was any one like Guy." Perhaps these last words gained him com- plete pardon in May's gentle heart ; she Bmiled and put her hand in his. " Mr. Reynold, even if it is true I can for- I give you ; you are his brother, and, as you ! say, there never was any one like Guy." When Reynold raised his bent head. May | was smiling still, though her face was blusb- I ing shyly. As she met the look in his eyes, j thinking how altered was their expression i how changed and ennobled the whole man— she seemed to take a sudden resolu tion. " Reynold, long ago you asked me for a kiss for Guy's sake. I was angry then, and everything was different. But now I am to be your sister, you know, will you kiss me as a sign that the past is all forgotten— dead to us both ? Will you kiss your sister now ?" And Reynold stooped and kissed the sweet face, murmuring her words half brokenly— " As a sign that the past is all forgotten." i !, A few days later, when the faint January sunshine was flickering into the room where Guy lay looking at some flowers May had j brought the day before, the door opened, and Reynold came in with a serious looking doeu- ment in his hand. His manner was excited j and Guy watched him curiously. ' " Wiiat are you up to old fellow ? When did May say she would come ?" " A little after twelve." " And is it not twelve now?" " No, only half past eleven." Guy turned hia head restlessly, and to his surprise, when he looked up, Reynold was looking at him with a strange mixture of merriment, excitement and emotion in his glaoce. "Guy, May Adair ia not coming to see yon to-morrow." " What do you mean ?" " Nor the next clay." " Ts she going away ?" " Not that I know of." " Are you teasing me, Reynold 2" There will be no such person as May Adair. She will be May Oakiey. No, don't look like that ! Guy, old fellow, I'm a blundering ass— I meant to tell you all flay yesterday, and could not, for fear you would excite yourself. I have been thinking, ana so has the doctor, that you'd get better muoh faster if you had her here to look after you. You fret yourself into a fever counting the hours till she comes back, and we ddn't want you to open your wound again, craning your head to see her pass from the window. So as she hasjfno objection, and as the doctor ; thinks you must keep quiet for a consider- i able time, we thought we would lot you have her." "Reynold !" "We thought we'd have a mistress at Erleston. I want my sister very muoh." Guy's eager face was bright with surprise and delight, and he had just clasped his brother's hand when the door opened softly, and Mr. Dene came m with a white-robed figure by his side, who flew to bury her blush ing face in Guy's pillow, asking, — "If ho minded, and if he would not excite himself the least bit ?" Need we chronicle hie answer ? | It seemed to Guy that the sun suddenly j :?r.ra blazed out then ; he forgot the pain In his wound, the throbbing in his head, his weari ness, languor and thirst— the sight of that sweet face seemed to have cured all these ills. He held her hand fast, his brown eyes radi ant; then Mr. Oakley and the old house keeper came in, and the doctor mounted charge at the foot of the bed. The pale light Beemed to concentrate itself on the bride's face, and on the little bouquet of orange i blossoms at her neck, and Guy's eyes never j left the loving brown ones whioh seemed to i Bmile at him tenderly through the whoie j service. It seemed to him that the minister's I solemn voice did not last long, that the swe9t j words made his darling his very soon. When I it was over the joy was almost too much, and I he leaned back faint and exhausted. And it i was his wife's little hand which bathed his i brow— his wife who kissed him first when he j looked np to smile at the group. ! " I think he will do now, Mrs. Oakley," j the doctor said, glancing from May's blush- I ing face to the elegant signature she had just i made in the marriage register. " But I shall j recommend that you allow no more visitors i this afternoon. I leave him in good hands — nothing like a wife to keep a man in order. Are you alarmed at the the prospect, Guy ?" Reynold knew his plan had turned out a success as he watched his brother in the days that followed, for every hour he Beemed to improve, and the satisfied look in hiB eyes as be watched May's light figure round the room was very different to the feverish restlessness of old. Guy was able to walk before Christmas, and he and his wife went to Cannes and Mentone for their honeymoon, the dootor for bidding all work for months. When they re turned, Reynold insisted that Guy should go back to his old place at Erleston, but on a very different footing. He had a long talk with his brother one evening in the shadowed recess of a window, while May played softly in the duek. Guy must come back, because Reynold was going away. He had made a mess of it all, and Guy must show his for giveness by putting everything to rightB, Reynold said he wanted to travel — to see the world, and come baek to find that Gny'B wise and loved rule had put all the crooked things Btraight. He put hiB hand on his brother's arm as he conoluded, — " And you'll do it, Guy, I know. She likes the old place, and you shall have your due at last. My father always ought to have al lowed you a decent income ; he will now. As to my share in your going away, you forgave that — and the other thing — long ago. God bless you and her." " But. Reynold, stav with us." " Not now. I want to start anew, but not here. The (people hate me, and I made a mess of everything. I'll try and do better out there." He did as he intended, in spite of all per suasion, sailing for America early in the new year, leaving Guy and bis wife installed at Erleston. Last of all, and after he had wrung Gay's hand, he bens to kiss May. The tears filled her eyes as he did bo, and Reynold said, brokenly, and as if in great surprise, — " Tears for me, May I" " Not if you promise to com9 back to us bood, Reynold." " But how can I promise that, dear sister t It is beyond my power to do so, you know. I may never reach my destination, or I may reach it to fall a victim to sickness, and an unknown grave in a distant land may be my lot." " Oh, dear Reynold, pray do not say so," pleaded May. " Would you be sorry, dear sister ? Would you think of me as tenderly as you could if I were never to return?" "Pray, pray don't imagine anything so dreadful, Reynold. Promise me that, if pos sible, you will return soon." He promised, and standing on the ship's deck he watched his brother and sister wait ing on the qray as the vessel sailed away. The last thing he saw was May's fluttering handkerchief. A woman, watching his face and following his gaze said. pitifully, — "That's his sweetheart, as sure as the world! I hope he'll come back to the pretty creature all safe and sound. Poor dear young fellow ; how sad he looks I" Reynold heard her, but he did not move. May '8 voice ringing in his cars brought no aching regret, no wild longing to his' heart. He did not wiah she was his. She was happy and so was Guy ; and ah ! did they not de serve their happiness ? Mr. Oakley died in the following year, Reynold's name the last on his lipB, and a ! few months later Reynold wrote to say his i passage was taken out, and he was coming home to arrange matters with his brother and sister. But the good ship "Bnrmond." in which he sailed, never reached England ; it went down with all on board, and Guy and j May awaited their brother in vain. They | were master and mistress at Erleston now. Reynold would hardly have guessed bow sorrowfully they mourned for him, though, knowing Guy's generous heart and May's tender pity, 1 do not think he would have been surprised. He had kept his resolve, and tried to begin anew — had, on his dead Bclf, risen to higher things. Guy's patience and long suffering had net been in vain, and now he who had once been more than kin, but less than kind," was the dear dead brother, cherished ever iff their memory, fcr they had both long forgotten all the past, having acoorded that complete for giveness which knows and will acknowledge nothing to forgive. ihe exe, 