The Mystery of a Sleeplng Car. The 11.15 p.m. express for Chicago was just about to pull out of the Grand Centrol Depot at New York. The pas- Bontrors bad all bo shown thoir rcsnoctivo slooping cars, nnd tlio conductor of tho train was standing on tho platform, lantern in hand, waiting for tho signal. Tho superintendent of tlio road, ac- compuniiid by another man, approached hitn nml said— " Conductor, this gentleman is Mr. Blair, a director nud munagor of ono of tho largest railroads in England. Hois going through to Chicago, and I want you to sco that ovcrything is done to mako him coinfortublo and ovory audi tion paid so him on tho road. Tell tho slooping car conductor to oxtond him overy courtesy." "Certainly, with pleasure," wns tho reply. q And, conductor," said tlio English railroad man, " when you havo time, if y ii will como nnd linvo n talk with mo in niv stato-room I shall bo vory plonfiikl." " 1 will do bo, sir. Wbat car aro you in ? " "I havo tho stato room on tho car Atnlnnta." A' gong -soandod ; tho conductor called, "'All aboard, "raised nnd lowered His lantern, nnd tho train wor in motion. It was soon dashing along tho hanks of tlio Hudson river, nud tho conductor wnH passing through from car to car,- collect ing oil tickets or ho. went. Whon ho arrived at tho state-room of tho car Atnlantn, Mr Blair hIiowoi! bis pnhs, nnd asked him when ho would bo able to coino iiu and linvo a talk. ' " " Not till nftor wo loaro Pough- Ueepsio," ho replied;" I luslco flovernl stops between hero and thcro, %Jmt after .wp leave thoro .wo linvo nn uninterrupted riin to Albnnv— «mj hvVf mut Mwi I quarters— and I bnvo nothing to do ex- copt to mako up my report. I turn tbo train ovor to nnothcr conductor at Albany ; my run is botween thoro and New York, " (« Well, come back after we leave Pongbkoepsic. '' 11 1 wiU. " Mr. Blair and tho train oonductor wero sitting together in tho state-room of tbo Atalnnta. " Conductor, " eaid tbo former, " your superintendent told mo that you had a very queer oxpenenco about a month ago, nnd advised mo to get you to tell it. Do you mind doing so t " " Not in tbo least. I bnvo nover told it, becauso tho goneral manager expressly oi'uctcu .tic io keep silent on the subject ; but I will tell it to you, as you aro a railroad man yourself, aud not likoly to talk abont it. " " Thanks, vory much. " 11 It was about a month ago that I carno out in ohnrgo of ibis samo train. Thero wero aoven sleeping cAra, ono coach, ono smoking car, and two boggngo cars. Aa you know, sir, tbo conductor of a train tiling on tho entiro train — just liko a steamboat captain. Ho bas to act as ticket collector, taking up nil tickets bc- twocu stationB ; bo has to see that every one is orderly nnd woll-bolmvcd ;nnd ho has to seo that tho train is run in accordanco with the rules and regulations of tho road ; received orders by telegraph ; piolc up or drop ofT cars at stations when so ordered ; aud attend to numerous otbor duties too long to enumornto. In Knglnmi, I believe, a guard has com paratively littlo to do, as ho is unable to go through tho train from ono end to tbo tbo tickets. Well, on this night in question I bad n very largo load — every slcopiug car was full — and bad been very busy collecting nnd sorting my tickets, when, just after wo left 1'ougbkcopBio, tbo porter on a car nauio Marathon emtio rushing up to mo, nud cried out— " 1 Fo do Lord's sako, Mr. Conductor, como back into my enr right away ! Dara do man in do state-room gono dean c.Urk >nnd. ilo'a a kicking and n holloaing nnd a fighting witli a ghost fearful. 1'se Mraid to go in by myself, indeed I is.' " I got up and followed tho nigger back to bis car, and entorcd tbo state room. " Then I saw a fearful sight. Lying on tbo bed and struggling frantically with somo imaginary foe was a gentle man nbout fifty years old, whom I in- Btantlyi recognised as Mr. Hamilton, a well- known Chicago broker. Ilia eyes wero staring wildly, and bis face was quite purple, as though from suffocation, lie nppoared to bo making dosperato struggles to got from undor some uoavy weight, nnd to rcleaso hiniRolf from somo powerful grasp, but there was no ono in tbo room with bim, and I couldn't soo a sign of nnyono having beon thoro. " I stopped up to tho sido of tbo bed and seir.od bold of liitn, saying, as I did bo, Mr. Hamilton, wlmt is tbo mattor? "Tho sound of my voice instantly quioted bim, and bo laid hold of my arm, saying in tho most piteous manner, ' Don't loavo mo, conductor ; plcaso don't loavo mo I' " I won't loavo you, I roplicd. Keep cool, and toll mo wlmt ia tho mattor. Wero you a9lcop 7" u Asleep I Ob, honvens, no! I wish I bad boon. 1 saw iiim distinctly. I felt liiocold, hard hand9 on my throat.' « 6aw whom ? Felt whoso hsndB ? " " Uo looked at mo in a dazed. / fitartlod manner, but mado no reply. " Ho hnd ovidontly lmd a terriblo nuuwik ouiiiu ivjiui, uub hu WUS (UuUlUg a bravo struggle to regain his composuro nnd got ovor it. " Tho sleeping car conductor now canio in, followed by several passongers who had been disturbed by tbo commo tion. I asked him to got somo brandy, whioh bo did immodiatoly ; and I oIbo sont to inquiro if thoro was a doolor any- wboro on tbo train. Vory soon a gentle man sppoarod, am stated that ho was a modioai man practising in Albany. 'Tbo first thing bo did wob to clear tbo room of ovcryono oxcopt tbo sick man, himsolf, nnd my sol f. Then bo mado an examination of tho pntiont. It was ovidont tbnt ho was sorely puzzled as to tbo nature of tbo man's attack, but bo pronounced it to bo a caRO of intonso shock to tho narvous systom, nnd procoeded to givo remedies accordingly. Mr. Hamilton did not rnllv ns nuink nq lm nvnnpfn/1 mul tm.tn. clarcd bitnsolf quite unoblo to account for tho dojoctcd, frightonod, awed ox- prossiou in bis faco. "After a tirno, bowover, tbo modicino appoarod to sootho tbo paticut, and, as ho Bbowod signs of drowainoBS, tbo doctor loft, thinking that if bo was quiot bo would soon go to sleep. I remained for anotbor quarter of an hour, and then lmd to loavo in order to look out for tbo signals at a station at which wo did not stop. After wo lmd paescd this station, instead of returning to Mr. Hamilton's stato-room, I walked through tbo train as far ns tho smoking-car, and was just going to idt down, when tho porter of tho Marathon camo rushing up to me, crying out— " 1 Como back, Mr. Couductor ! fo' do Lord's sako, como back ! Dat man's gono crazier dan ovor ! ' "I linmcd back to tbo state-room wboro bo was, and found him groan ing, struggling, and writhing on tbo bod. His actions woro exactly similar to tboso of a wrcstlor who had boon worsted by hie opponent, anu was enueavounng to got ironi unucr him. lie seomed to bo hold down by somo unBoon foo, and tho terror depicted in IiiB fnco was something awful to bo- hold. " I sont tbo portor for tbo doctor, and in tbo moantimo tried to quiot tho man myself. "I caught hold of his arm, and on- dcavourcd to unlock his hands, which wero firmly clasped together, as though bo held somcono tight in bis ombraco ; but I wns unablo to do so. At my touch howovor bo ceased bis struggles and turning bis faco townrd mo, cried, out— " 1 Savo mo from bim ! savo mo from liini 1 ' " ' You havo a nightmare,' 1 replied ; thoro is no ono hero. You aro only droaming.' " ' It is no dream,' bo said gloomily ; 1 it is reality. Ho is there now at the foot of tbo bed, waiting for you to go. IIo is going to kill inc.' " There is no ono there," I replied, becoming convinced that I bod to:denl with a raving maniac. " Uo is there," bo answered, volie- nuuitly ; bo is standing at tbo foot ol tbo bod, and bo is whispering to mc t? confess. "Who is lie?" I asked, still moro curtain that Mr. Hamilton hod gono nmd, and tbiuking it host to humour bim. " John Anderson," bo said. " At this tiamo I gave a fitart myself, for John Anderson wns tbo name of n Chicago millionaire who, about a yeor ago bad boon murdered in a train of which I was conductor. Tho murder had created considerable excitement at the time, both on account of the high position of tho victim, and tbo utter failure of the detectives to trace the man wuo couimiueu ii. " Mr. Anderson bad occupied the state-room on a car named Dcsdcmoua, bad retired to bed early, and in tbo morning wns found dead by tbo porter. An examination by n medical man allowed conclusively tbnt bo bad been killed by a blow on the head from a sandbag — the most silent and fatal of all murderers' tools. " That was all wo over discovered. At first suspicion foil on tho porter of tbo ear, but tbo detectives were unable to find any evidence against bim, and, although ho was arrested and searched nntliino- Iwlnnmnp to tho dead man was found in bis posHession. Tho company discharged bim from tbo scrvico for not keeping proper watch on tbo car, but beyond being guilty of neglecting bis duty in that respect, ho wns perfectly innocent. " Then n man who bad occupied tbo section next to tho door of tho otalc-rooin was searched for, but novor found. IIih ticket had only been for Albnny, and we had arrived thero four hours boforo the murder was discovered. Thoro wns nothing really to attach suspicion io him, except that bo was tbo only passenger nn that car whom wo did not know or trace, and that bo occupied tho section nearest to tho stato-room door. Tho company did everything in their power to find this man, but all to no avail ; nnd no ono was over found who had scou liini after ho loft tho train. "Consequently, sir, when Mr. Hamil ton, in what I thought was a fit of in6&nity;, spoko of John Anderson being at tbo foot of bis bed I wns naturally a littlcd startled, for, although tho crimo bad l)0cii long forgotten by pcoplo who hnd only read about it, I, who was in chargo of tho train on which it occurred, would recollect ovory incident connected with it, au though it had only happened tbo night boforo, " John Anderson 1" I ropented. " Yos, John Anderson, " bo answered ; John Anderson, of Chicago. " At this moinout tbo doctor entered ; and took hold of Mr. Hamilton's band. ' Aro you hotter?' ho asked. "Hamilton shook bis boad, and muttered, ' IIo is thoro, still there ; ho will kill mo when you go.' " Tho doctor looked at me, and mado a Bign to indicate that tbo mnn wns mad. " Who will kill you ?' I nskod of tbo invalid. " Anderson,' bo answered. " Why will ho kill you V " Becauso I killed him,' ho answered, jumping bolt upright in bod. ' I killed bim on tho very train ovor a year ago. Ho bad in his possession somo jmporn that would havo ruined mo, nnd sent mo to prison— forged endorsements — and bo wns going to uso thom ngnimit mo an soon ns ho got bnck to Chicago. I bad boggod bim not to do it, but to givo mo time, aud I would mako everything straight. Uo refused. Then I bad either to kill him or submit to bo ruined and degraded. 1 cboso the formor. When ho left for Chicago, I disguised myself, and travelled on the somo train. 1 bad previously engaged the sections nearest tbo stato-room on each car, knowing tbnt bo nlwnys occupied n room bo might bo in. I used tho ono in tbo 6nmo car that be was in, and whilo tho porter wns in tho 9moking-room I slipped into AndorHon'B stato-room, ami bent bim over tbo head with a sand-bag which I had provided myself with. It wns then l&to; nnd evoryono was in hod. Ho nover mado a sound or stiugglo, and nover saw who. struck him. 1 left the train at Albany, got rid of my disguiso, nnd wont back to Now York on tho next train. Since tbon I havo nlwnys been successful, and havo travelled between Chicago and Now York numbers of times but have never seen anything to romind nio of my crime. I always took caro to see that thero was no car named Desdemona on tbo train — nothing would havo induced tuo to travel on it if thoro bad been. To-night, tbo moment tbo portor had put out tbo lamp I Haw John Anderson stnndintr bv tbo bed. For a moment I lost my senses, and tbon I found bim holding mo down, and hissing in my car, Confess ! confess ! " J struggled to freo myself, but I might as' well have triod to lift nn ongino ; and be was grndunlly suffocnting mo, whilo he continually hissed out, " Confess 1 confess !" When you came in and took bold of my arm bo released mo, and stood at the foot of tbo bed, but ns soon as you went away ho did tbo samo thing again. I bnvo confessed now, but f know I am going to dio. No power on earth can savo mo irom tboso awful, cold, bard bauds.' " Whilo ho had been spenking, sir, his faco had boon somotbing fearful to look at. He alrcndy looked moro doad than nlivo. His hair hnd whironod, his features hnd become ghastly pale, pinched, and shrivollcd, and his fraino trembling and slinking as if ho had ague. " You nro labouring under an hullucination,' said tho doctor to him, kindly ; 1 1 will got vou something to oolnposo your nerves/ aud ho loft tho room. i\\.t iua& moment tuo ongiuccr whistled for tho bridgo at Albany, ami I bad to go out on tho platform of the car. As I went out I signalled the porter to go in and roranm till I roturncd. I had boon gono two or tbrco minutes, nnd wo wero just half-way ovor tho bridgo, when tho porter camo running out and said, (I can't stay in doro wid dat man ; indeed I can't, Mr. Con ductor ; bo's fighting fit to kill hissoU.' " 1 went hack into the state-room nnd found Hamilton lying on tho bed, gasping for bronth. I tried to nrouso him, hut it was no good, ho wns suffo cating. Tho doctor returned almost at tbo samo moment I did, but bo could do nothing, and in Ichs than a mimito after our return tho mnn was dead— choked to death, tho doctor eaid. " Next day I rotnrnod to Now York, nnd reported tbe ense personally to my superintendent. Ho soenied very much surprisod, aud questioned mo cloBely, both in regard to this man's death and the tnurdor. At last bo said— lt Conductor, you aro nn old and woll- tried railroad man, and know how to hold your tonguo. You need not ro- peat wlmt I am about to tell you, even ii it should caqro you to beliovo a littlo 'in tbo supernatural. You remember, no doubt, that wo hnd the sleeping-car Dcsdcmona sent to tbo shop immedi ately aftci tho murder, nnd that it has never bpeu on tho lino since Well, it is simply this : wo hud her repainted and recln (stoned, calling hor the Marathon. ' Wo did tbnt hecauso everyone who reads tho papers bad road of tbo murder in tbo Bleeping ear Desdetnono, and many people would havo refused to travel in her. Tho state-room in which Mr. Hamilton died so strangely last night U the very same state-room in which Mr. John Anderson was mnrdored over '"That in a queer story, conductor,' said Mr. Blair. " Can you account in any natural way for Hamilton's con fession nnd death ? " " No, 1 rcnlly cannot. IIo died of suffocation, and wns, tbe doctor said, absolutely freo from disenso of any kind. His confession was made whilo it\ tho most abject terror." " Could bo possibly, by nny peculi arity or marks in the state-room, have recognised it as tho same ns that in which be murdered Anderson ? " " I don't seo how bo could, Tho whole enr had been nowlv painted and upholstered in a colour, ami was called Marathon ' instead of ' Desdemoim." It seems impossible that bo could Irnvo recognised it." " Then you must beliovo tbnt bo bad n snpornaturnl visit ? " " I don't know what to beliovo, but, if yon wish to bo converted to bolieving in ghosts, tbo porter on that car is tbo mnn to do it. lie says ' that mnn saw nnd fought with a ghost, nnd thoro ain't no uso to deny it.' Jloro wo nro at tbo bridge, and I must bid you good-night. I lay over hero till to-morrow." 