[ _ o UR j o _' I THE WEAKER VESSEL: I A NOTEIS i BT DAVID CHRISTIE* MURRAY, I Author of'Joseph's Coat,'Rainbow Gold' r 'Aunt ßachelt' etc CHAPTER XXIV. The dnye «nd weeks, went by, and prin- ter vas hack «gain. X heard bût little of the people with whom this, history eon. cernB itself. I had bidden good-pye to Pole sorrowfully and reluctantly, and had returned to my ditties in Paris, leariug him to go back to Warborough, to tend the last days of an old man who had been ?^nearlv all, his life, a stranger, and . tb aban ^H^ffrejfeád and buried hopes which lay ^^^^?Mkuu io Loudon. It is never a use ^fP^Pan admirable thing ta rave against P^ne unescapable. The common-sense of the proverb is fina), and'the. last .word y which is to he spoken on that question j likes in if s cort jingle-*rhat can't be cur ' ed must bb endured. Endured jp hw te be, after one fashion or anothor, and Pole 1 took. Ids share of the inevitable, tb my i thinking like a hero. It is a common cant of opinion, as often falsified as j ne ti. L fied by fact, that the men and women who ^ take misfortune or joy most calmly taste the bitterness of the oue or « the sweetness of the oilier with a [ fulness of suffering or pleasure unknown I to the more expansive and explo. m ve sort. I have always combated tim judgment, perhaps because I aro myself a rather expansive kind of parson, but I rknow that in Pole's case lt would have found as strong a confirmât I »n as a general theory can gather from a single instance, i He said nothing, and he felt the more. ' Words would hare eased him if he could have brought himself to speak, but he Was I one of those who have to break before they can bend, and any revelation of his own feelings would have been too terrible. He wrote me now and again, simply and briefly, and his letters made no siMlon tb the past. They spoke pf Lord War barwgh's fading health oftener than of ! anything« I never know, as a matter of j actual fact, hat I was fairly, certain that j Pole had fold him of the plot his wife had I laid. I daresay the discomfort of this ; knowledge weighed considerably upon the J old map's enfeebled Spirits! Thèse letters > of Pole's, with theit monotonous news of I a monotonous life, were infipitt>ly mobru i. ful tb me, and CÍárÁ> obmmuuications by. I aud-bj became, for various -reasons, al medi as; disquieting. One liesi before'mo j now'i jbne foreigu lettar paper discoloured > . at theifol&a;'id edges, au! »he ink gre^ S^with^bld . 'jijje.'' I transcribe a. pirJb- of it herb, premising that it reached me within ' a dny or two after my parting with Pole and my return to Parts 'The whole household,' Clara wio*e, ' has.been so unhappy for the last few days that I really have buen nuable to .find the !> heart to write to y in. Mr. Delamere him- self is miserable enough, but for him I can only bave a very modified sort pf pity. It is only natural to suppose that ho feel» j a great deal dUappnutel, but he has ' dealt with nothing but table eloquence all ' his life, and anything which brings him a I nsw subject for it seflis to be w¿lcorti<», I more or less. I am sick of variations on the Vanity of Haman Wishes; playeliu the major key, played in tue tumor key, played with both hands, played with ono \ hand tied up hehiud him. Th,* insii is' ex.'«: j asperating bayoud endurance abd ho i treats his daughter's nei ves-I say ndth ing of mine, because they don!t matter, kaud he lias no great reason to: consider them-as if they were an instrument constructed for no other earthly hpurposô than to. ahow what tunes he can play upon them. I have broken out once abtmt it to Mary, literally because I could n it help it, ' and hare pained her iso much, poor thing. that I spent a whole night in crying, and \' am a horrid, red-eyed spectre it ,this ( moment, with a swollen hose., f-if ' he j were anybody but Mary'«* father ï'sh-»uld ; say something to him which would shake 1 him ont' of his hateful self- camplàae'n.cy j for a day or two. 'I suppose you know that Mr. Pole ki wrote a letter relating your strange dis t covery iu Paris to Mr. Delamore. It \- came while we were at the breakfast-table } aad all in tho highest spirits. '' \^e had I- beeu^eodt late the niiht beforyand were 'j latent broAkfast/tiie letter coming,by the L second posf. Mr. Delanioro's reception of P^it was really sud seriously tragic, and if 'he had not talked my sympathies to sleep since tlifn, a-id talked ovpry «er ve'pf our .( mind iuto absolute rawness, I should have j still been sorry for him. As it is.' I'aliould have left the house but for-Masy>>.The I thing that weighs upon her mind most of ] nil is tbs silly fancy i hat it is sinful in ] her to think of Mr. Polo n»w thai alie knows that hU wife is »lill alive, as if it were her . fault that that wicked, and abominable plot w is made, or 'as- if one could turn the whole current, í>f¿: one's thoughts in an hour. Site ' doits, not say much, even to me, but she suffers dreadfully. She has quito .lost the sense of taste, and I have read of that somewhere as being a sign of mental suffering, or, at least as going with it very often, especially in girls. I don't know why girts especially should be made to suffer as they are, hut they really do seem to £et the worst of it. 'Mr. Pole had given her a number of beautiful presents, and one of the {first tilings she did after the news was to pack them all up together to send back to him. Mr. Delamere dropped the lett«* on the ¡ table whun he had read it, and blurted ont í tlic truth at once, though one of the sar van's was in th« room. Mary Went as whit? «s a ghost, but she said nothing at, all, and when she went np,to her own room 1 had to bel)» her, If she had erie ! br given way ht all I should have liked it bottea, hut she was so stony about it that elie really' frightened »ne. She began ina' while to creep about the roonVand gather the presents into a little heap. < ' I have had to stop writing, for it has made ino cry to think about it. I : have been crying, off and on, for.days past, and now anything sets nie going. Then some- times at tila silliest thing in the world, X giggle until I cry again fut very shame at my own cruelty and heartlessness. But I don't want to write about Mle. and Mo gets into everything, though I do try, every | hour to more like Mary. She is a down- right angel Sh» never thinks of Herself, ' or talks of herself at all. All her thought I and care in to save other people from sorrow and trouble, whilst, as foi ma-1 : but there is Me again, t would tear up this sheet and begin a new ons, ouly that j would be a gort of hypocrisy. I shall leave Jt so that yon may soe what I really I am. I don't want to seem bettor tha'i I am, but I want, oh I do want, to be better. 'I wouldn't tell anybody elsa these I things for the world, because they seem too I sacred to he talked about. But she kissed the bracelet« and the riugs, and the little watch he gave ber-she kissed everything as she put it down on tho dressing-table, I and every time she gavan pitiful little moan, as if her heart were breaking. And I all the while she never shed one tear, it was reilly awful to look at her, and J had Í not the courage to speak a word, I don't . believe she knew that I was there. ' * Ton won't think rae flippant or unfeel- ing for writing these things po you, dar iipg. .They*seem to be the' measure of something*! feel inside mys'blfland that, .1 think, is the real reason why I Write .them.*' ' . ' I know that at the time I read à great deal into t bi» simple narrative whiuh no other -rea<fer could have found there, and I know, that, after this lapse bf years I still read into it the knowledge af tho ' generous, tender, loyal little;creature who pinned the lines. ' I a-n not in the least ashamed to own that I cried iu reading the lines that my sweetheart ¡bad -cried . over in writing. As for poor-old Pole, my haart used pretty constantly to ache about him in rhos* day«, i have given up forming lofty estimates of new ac- quaintances on insufficient provocation, /bnt lani glad to haye had a friend in ; youth whom I could scarcely find a flaw in. It is a g »od thiug for a lad io liare a fhnmau idol if ho choose a strong and ; honest nature for Iiis worship, and though ; I am writing of myself I have no fear in iproelai'iiing th it this same youthful fac- ulty for her >-w »whip is as gtod and jgr&cious; a sign i» a young fellow as any ¡I know-how to look for. i Thing* weat ou in a dull and unevent- ful way'for so:na mouths, until, as I have (said already, tho winter was round upon us in its course once more. I got then another, letter from Clara, which brought ! strange news indeed. It was in searching for this that I lighted upon the ono I have i just transcribed. The first sentence ol j thu new letter struck me like a blow, :Tbe Tory place from which it was dated ¿hadan unfamiliar look to me. \ ' GrBA.KTI.ET HOMES CHESHIRE. ¡ «Mr DEAR JOHN,-The Delamere household has broken up, after thc \ strangest and most unexpected scones 'and mamma has taken me to the lieuse ol j my uncle, Major Grautley. You have often heard me speak of him. Por quit« a month it was evident that there wat something in the air. I was unable tc guess its meaning, hut I saw it aud felt it constantly. First of «ll there-was samt 'trouble between Mr, DílamMrj and Mary She had resolved to join a sisterhood bo. longing to the Church of St. Mildred ¡She often spoke to ino about it, and ] 'thought it on many grounds a very ex leelleut idea. It is one of those common- sense, good sisterhoods where thc sisters devote themselves simply to nursing tlx sick poor, and generally helping the poor te be good and happy. She spoke about 'her wish to Mr. Delamere, but he mad« auch eyebrows over it, and became so vorj wordy about the Degradation of thc jSocial Ideal by Contaot with Oommoi Things, that she relinquished her own idea' at once, as she always did, if that grant Sultan did not immediately and entirely approve of it. I am sure the work would have done her good, and would have givei 'lier an object iu life. I believe the grea Turk's main objection was to the costume though I ara sure that Mary would look perfection in it.and the white coif, though it would be a shame to hide such beautiful hair as hera, would put a little colour into her palo complexion by centrast. To hear Mr, Delamere talk about art and costume. Ïou would think that at. least he would are been able to understand that. 1 am »ot trivial, as you ttituk I am. 1 am only, showing you what a hollow mockery Mr. Delamere is, even where he is supposed to know tioraethiugi . Mary gave up the ides- attd instead of golug out and getting new interests ia life, and gladdening tho hearts of the poor, and doing good to hundreds with j ber sweet ways, she had to stop aud »ope 1 at horne under the ceaseless cataract of aMliötif, and philosophical chattet front lite Turk. Oh, I am glad tobe away from ' it, and to know that Mary is away from it. ' Bat I hare something more serions than all this lo writ» about. The servants grew Actually impertinent, andonee when Mr. Delamere Ordered the cGok upstairs to complain of something in his majestic Way, the woman jeered, et him, quite openly. I expected the diniug room floor to opeu and let her down into tho base*' menti but it did nothing of the kind. Mr. Delamere at once gave ker a month's notice;, and the cook said, 'Give me my money for the last six months, and I'll gp ? this instant minute.' "' 'foil shall have A cheque at once,' said Mr. Delam tr«, but t!ie ook snapped her fingers at him, and put her hands up- on her hips. I had no idea that she could bb so impolite and vulgar, for 1 had always thought her a rather supprior woman for her station, j " ' You'd better send it to the bank and j have it cashed first/ she said. ' I don't | want a two-iníle walk through the nina for nothink.' 'Mr. Ddainers ordered htr from the room, aud she went away, declaring that she would hav«9 har m-mey, or money's worth before she left the house, eveu if she had .to take it out of t- him. I suppose site meant to say that she would rob tum. ' Mr. Jones was present at this dread- ful exposure, and, would you believe it, he has nit once been ¡near the house since then. I am very glad ta leam from mam- ma that it. was arranged .betwéen herself ¡ and Mr. Delamere allaldng thatnly main- tenance stiônîd he púd for. She says ¿hat the arrangement was ou a very liberal Beale* andas mamma is ¿ot stingy ju such matters, I have tho satisfaction of know« lug that I was a help rather: than abarloa to the household, in that respect. ' Very sopu after this I began to see. a dreadfuljase about tho house, and I did no at all understand who,.he.c Juki be. Í thiuk he lived downstairs, but he was Very often in th» hall,: looking ; strangely suspicious, .as if lie thought that 1 had something about ms that* did not belong to me. He called Mr. Delamere ' Governor,' and at first I thought, h« might be a humble member of the Moral Tone Association. Mamma, however, says that he mnst have been a baliff-and a bailiff is an officer of the law, though 1 am sure he did not look like one. I always thought that hia.clothes looked al if they must have been .drowned at one time iu their history, his hat and boots particularly. The servants were more im- pertinent and inattentive than ever dnriug this man's présence in the house, and Mr. Delamere was so depressed that he did not even lecture. Mary was unwell at the limo tho mau cam\ and did not see him until the morning ho weut away. ' Mr. Delamere speut every hour of thé day, except from dinner time onwards,; out of the house, aud spoke in the mord-, ing very hopefully of haying business in the city. Ho came home at night, mach downcast, and sat a long while alone in the diutng:room after dinner. ' When Mary recovered fron her cold and came down stairs I was with her, and she saw the man in the hall. She asked him what he wanted, and the man seemed - abashed, and scraped his feet on the oil- cloth. Mr. Delamere came out of the dining-room, and told him he had better go down-stairs. Mary was frightened, and 1 am quite nure that she understood the meaning of the man's presence. Up to this time I did not. But when I saw her so alarmed, it unhinged my own nerves à little. After breakfast, which passed off very silently, and sadly, Mr. Delamere said that he wished to speak to Mary alone. I went into the.library, and stayed there, reading all the morning. Mr. Delamere weut out, aud shortly afterwards the post?' man caine. The parlour-maid carno into the library without knocking, and threw a letter on the table so unceremoniously that it skimmed right over the smooth leather, and fell on the side I was sitting, at my feet. The girl bounced out and slammed the door behind her, making a sart of defiant inarticulate noise as she went. I should describe it as a snort. You can have no conception of the ex- treme discourtesy of all the servants at this time. 'Well, I picked np the letter, and in" doing that it turned out that I was the, innocent cause of all the unpleasantness which followed. I am quite certain now (hat if I had known what was going to happen I should have been justified iu doing what I really did in ignorance, and I think that when you come to know every- thing, you will applaud Mary's conduct as highly asl do, I saw at once that the letter came from Mr. Pole. Nobody whs has ever seen that pike-and eabre hand wi ing of hk with those dogged-looking crosses to the t's, could eror mistake it for anyone else's* It was addressed to Mr. Delamore from Warborough Court, for I saw tito seal and the postmark. 1^ went back-to my reading, sud tried to think no more about it, though I wondered very much what it contained; ; ' When Mr. Delauieré carno home agaiii only an hour later, he looked reäliy wretch- ed^ andi id spite of my dislike, I could not help feeling sorry for him: I showed him the letter, and ot the si¿lit df it his face changed in a stártling way. Ho was so agitated that he could scarcely open the envelope. He went to the window to read I the letter and came back raident. I never saw so great and rapid a change ia a face: I lie ran out of the room and down the hall, and in a second or two I heard the hall-door ] open and close noisily behind him. 'Then came niy real indiscreation. I am as glad of it as 1 should be if I had knoWn everything. In fact I am a great deal more glad, for I am almost certain that I should not have had courage to do niy daly. 1 ran up-stairs to Mary, and I bugged and kissed her, and danced about her like a mad thing, until she insisted on knowing what had changed me so. Then 1 I told her what had happened, and you may guess my surprise when she took it i all gravely and solemnly, and seemed even j to be made more sad ánd thoughtful by it. We had luncheon by ourselves, or rather we sat down to it, for 1 d Wt think | anything was eaten, aud, an hour later, Mr. Delamere caius iu, smiling all over, and as majestically condescending as ever. For quite a loug time he hal fa1 len from "his old magnificent romner, and had been going about, as if something had suddenly convince 1 him that he was an ordinary pet-son. His clothes seemed to hare changed. I can hardly describo to yon the difference th"re was in bim. Ho had not been in the housb five , minutes wh$n the hnnjblé member df the Moral Tone Aasdciatión went away: by .th varea S'«ep^ Mamma conjectures that he was dismissed, paid. .Shortly afterwards Mr. Dclam fre held; a conclave with the. sor* vant s, who were all beautifully admonish- ed; and also paid. ' While this was going on in the library ? Mary aud I were i>i the diuing- room. She wás more agitated than I have ever seen lier during the whole of her troubles, and bobe or twice she clutched me nervously, and I could f esl that she was-trembling all over. I did not understand what was goUig on in tho neat room until later, but Miry evidently understood it all. About fi vb minutes after the serrants had gone do wn, she got up trembling, and went out of the room. I could hear her voice and Mr. Delamere s, and I' could tell that be was angry. That mellow voice of his can ? grow, vary sharp arid.afouyit seems, and . he'sonr^d into as higbia: treble as an angry : woman**. '<??.?< »rr i. ! . ? *;I sat in the diniñg-roomvaud, felt more find morn uncomfortable whilst he.sqolded ; and I grew so angry at tbs taue b# t<»bk. 'though I could not hearths words, .that'll ..was actually fiirntiiigsgdiust a^mptation ; tb go-in 'between thcm,; whan ; Mary: came ¡into the diuing room, and her fatherÍfol- lowed her. His face was rfd with-anger, i and he was puffing from having talked so muoh, and so rapidly. I thins: that of the twp, Mary was the moro angry, and she looked at her father when she spoke with an expression which surprised rae, it was so full of scorn. He Went striding up .and down the room; stopping every now and again in a jerky and undignified way to "tell her that she was nugra! eful, or that he stood' arnaud.. You know his phrase ; he always 1 stauds amazed ' when people differ from him in opinion. He has been -standing amazed mora or less ever ' since I have known him. But he , was too angry to be smooth and lordly about it, as he generally is. " * At last he said, growing more and more angry because she would uot answer bini, ' And you pretend to feel humiliated P You? I accept the hutuiliariou for your sake. Do you suppose it has cost ma no- thing to subdne ray pride and ask a favour at this man's hands P' Mary had taken up a newspaper which lay upon the table, and was making a pretence to read it, when Mr. Delamere actually snatch- ed it , from her hands. ' Listen to me,' lie said ; ' I will not endure thèse airs of disrespect.' Mary look- ed -at him, and said quite quitetly that .there was nothing more to speak of be- tween them, and that they did not under- stand each other. Then she left the room, and he positively made a dash at 'the door to stop her. But I stood between theui," and ho' stood so very much amazed to-see nie assert myself in that way ' that he stopped stock still aud allowed her togo. *$¡t- course I understood everything by .thia time. Mr. Delamere had been .borrowing money from Mr. Pole. Can i r'- . ' . you imagino anything like it under the circumstances ? . And now I have told you everythme except the chse of the wholo business, aud that, I thiuk, I told you at the begin- ning of my lotter. Mary sent for ni", and told me that sho tras compiled to leave home. She said nothiug about tho cause, and of C4ursp* knswing what I did, I could not venture to ask her auy ques- tions. She asked me to wire to mamma at oncei I did so» and mamma came Up to town next morning in a State of great r astouishiuëntj and took me awayi Shö begg#d Mary to aaéonipaiiy its« but it was of no use trying to persuade her. Öhö ? said she had plans of her own: Wháfc they are I do not kuo.v, but she has A little fortuné of her dwi^ which bëloiigea to Her mother; and brings lier lil übt more tliau á hundred pounds a year, {tooti thiug. I am certain that ont of this ebb means to pay back to Mr. Pole the money her father borrowed from bim. Then 1 think she will join the sisterhood, hüt that will bo a.very different affair for her iiowj especially if Mr. Pole s loan was a largë one, and she has to impoverish herself td pay it. ' I have told marama what I am going to write down HOW. She says it ie a most uudelica c and unladylike prupjsi tion for a girl to mike, add thát I bávié nd right to allude to sucH tlllutflS. Kilt if other people care to be so exquisite about their bwu delicacy, when they can do good by sacrificing a little of it, 1 don't. The proposition, my de¿r John, is this. . You are to work your very best and eardest, and to get as Soon as possible into a position to make a hom vi of your'own. Then I supp »se you will marry a certain undeserviug young person whom you pro- fess to be very, very much attached to; that yonng person will have lier own money, and be quite rich when she is married, aud s ie and you will make the darlingest and best girl in the world come and live with us. That doesn't sound quite grammatical, but I thiuk it says whit I mean. The Uraud Turk may think what he pleases, dud may Shower, his cataracts of dizéle on anybody he can find. Tiiink of Mary Delamere, of all girls in the world, living on bread bought with borrowel money, and that money heiohgiugto Mr. Pole !* ; Then came, certain lines which concern myself alone, and then, in a hasty written postscript, followed this - 'X was ou the point of sending this to the past, when mamma came in with the news of poor old Lord Warboroagh's death. She had found it in The Times, . where there was a short article about hi« career. We had all looked at the paper, and none of us had noticed it hutu theo. So now Mr. Pole is Lord. Warborpngb, and a millionare,and the owner of I don't know how mauy thousands of acres, Poor young man! I am afraid that neither his title nor his millions will make him very happy.' 