€#ISiP. London Gossip. (FROK oua OWN CORRESPONDENT.) Dbcbmbbb. 2. The latest London distraction, that of enrolling special constables, promises to be very ephemeral in deed. It was fully expected that 100,000 would rally to ' the cause of law and order,' and the like local i patriotic banners. That number has not been nearly [ approached, and where the specials have not been hidden away from public gaze, or guarded by the police from public contact, we have had the spectacle of an aggregation of medical students, half-pay officers, genteel shopkeepers, either ' spoiling for a row' or else, like old women, with ' minds full of apprehensiveness.' All this must have been very disappointing to the patrons of the idea. It certainly did promise to unite all classes in the pursuit of a special constable ; but the movement is evaporating, and promises quickly to faint in the light of the moon» and to die. Hie meetings in Trafalgar-square, which have taxed our ordinary force to such an extent, were no worse than other meetings that have been held there in past years ; but they became more frequent. Mr. Brad laugh, who usually knows what he is talking about, stated yesterday in the Bow-street Police Court that Lord Salisbury and others had provided money in connection with meetings held in Trafalgar-square in 1886\. This morning Lord Salisbury writes, totally denying Mr. Bradlaugh's statement ; but as the latter gentleman said he had seen the cheque, there is a great mistake somewhere. Mr. Bradlaugh's answer to Lord Salisbury will, no doubt, be edifying reading. The revelations made by the Cologne Gazette as to the result of the interview between the Czar and Prince Bismarck read like a romance. ' This is why I am angry with you,' says the Czar, pointing to a mass of correspondence in Bismarck's writing. 'For- geries — Orleanist forgeries, your Imperial Majesty,'* says Bismarck. The source of these revelations seems an inspired one. The Orleanists being weak would naturally take to intrigue, and all this makes one wonder if the present state of French politics has not been brought about by the advocates of French monarchy. Anyway, nothing could delight Bismarck more than the hopeless muddle of French politics. If M. Grevy's persecutors have really been the catspaw of the Orleanists, what will they feel at so giving themselves away ? According to a paper read b efore the Royal Geo graphical Society on a 'Journey Round Chinese Turkestan and along the Northern Frontier of Thibet,' the Mongols are a pastoral people, and look on agricul ture as.' menial,' leaving it to servants. In cornfields the weeds kindly, allow a little barley to grow, but not much. Mongolians t^ink it is very poor riding that is not better than walking ; a woman will get on her pony to go 200 yards from her tent to milk her goats, and men who are too drunk to walk, or even to stand, seem quite safe as soon as they are lifted ou to horse back. Mongolians prefer Chineseto Mussulman rule. In spite of absurd self-conceit, the Chinese officials are superior to the Turks in decision, moderation, in, telligence, and other qualities which fit men for authority. . The gentleman who made the journey was Mr. A. D. Carey, during a two years' leave of absence. The Royal Society during the last year has lost 15 fellows and one foreign member. That the study of science does not tend to shorten life is.^^yed by the ages of the deceased. The average of the whole number exceeds 75 yea i» Sir J osepij rSVJiitwprth was 84, and Sir 'Walter Elliott was stilT^ldfer;' ? The boring in the drift or deposit at the j^lta of the Nile reached a deDth of 324ft.. when the tuhe brnVo ; and stopped the work for»a time. The committee thought it best to concentrate their efforts on one boring till solid rock was reached, but at a depth of 324ft. there were no signs of it. The Copley medal of the Royal Society has been awarded to Sir Joseph- Hooker, whose *' Essay on the Flora of Australia,' knocked down the theory of the ' immutability of species,' and afforded the most con vincing proof of the genetic relationship of the flora of widely dissevered localities. In short, Dr; Hooker may be called the Darwin of botany. He retired last year from the directorship of Kew Gardens. He is devoting his retirement to the preparation of his ' Flora Indica.' The only place under the line of total eclipse last ? August to which no astronomer went seems to have been favoured with fine weather. This was Benguela, on the west coast of Africa. The haze that generally prevails there kept away the astronomers, and might have prevented good observations, even if there had been anyone to observe. The president of the Royal Society lays this flattering unction to the souls of the absent ones. The publication of the Challenger report is now nearly finished ; 28 volumes,some in two parts, have been published. If Government would only publish these.report or extracts from them in some cheap form, ; it would be a great boon to students. It is difficult for us who pay 7d. per lb. for Ostend rabbits to realise that they can become such a pest as they are to you. By the time this letter is in print, Pasteur's suggestion for their extinction will be known and adopted. In a letter to the Tetnps, M. Pasteur describes the experiments he has made with the microbe he recommends. He shut up a number of. hens, and gave them food tainted with microbe, aud in a short time they all perished. He thinks the epidemic would soon spread through the whole rabbit colony. M. Pasteur has rendered valuable services to the silk industry. About 1853 the supply of Rillra was nearly coming to an end. The silkworms were attacked bytwo diseases — 'pSbriae' and ' flacherie.' M. Pasteur found out, by minute microscopical in vestigation, that 'pebiine' was caused by the presence of minute parasites on the parent moth. After many experiments he discovered tnat the eggs of a healthy moth, never developed into a diseased caterpillar. He recommended allowing each moth to lay her eggs on a separate piece of cloth ; the moth to be then examined under a microscope, and if parasites were found upon her all the eggs to be destroyed. By this system pebrine has been stamped out. M. Pasteur likewise discovered that the other great silkworm disease, flacherie, arose from the presence of certain organisms in the mulberry leaves that gave the silk worms indigestion. M. Pasteur gave a few simple directions showing how this could be avoided, and so saved the great silkworm industry from extinction. In Copenhagen a new form of insurance has been established that bids fair to be very popular. It is called the ' Old Maids' Insurance Company,' and is entered .into by the parents when 'only a girl ' comes into the world. Payments are kept up until either the girl marries or she reaches the age of 24, when she receives from the company a stated mcome and a room | in the association's buildings. If the father dies before | the girl is 24, she is at once received into the build ings, but without au income. An insurance company on the same lines here would do big business. Late Londoners in the colonies will be sorry to hear that the old penny steamboat is gone. The service is suspended, and the company gone into liquidation. From Westminster to London Bridge was a ride well worth taking country cousins, and it only occupied 20 minutes. Still, the boats became fusty, the passengers fusty, aud the provisions were always fusty, so that it was about time the company acknow ledged itself beaten. London has not time to travel by boat ; it finds even railways too slow. Fifty years ago an attempt to start an anthropo metric laboratory would have been laughed to scorn* Now we- stand a good chance of getting a permanent one, temporary laboratories having already had some success. Hear what an anthropometric laboratory is, according to Darwin's nephew, Mr. Francis Galton : It is a place where a person may have any of his various faculties measured in the best possible way at a . small cost, and where duplicates of his measurements would be preserved as private documents for his own future use and reference. It would contain apparatus both of the simpler kind used for weighings and measurings, and for determinations of chest capacity, muscular strength and swiftness, and also the new and delicate psycho physical apparatus to test the efficiency of the senses and certain mental constants. Of course these laboratories are really designed to furnish food for the science of heredity and to make a new science that shall help us in the education and nurture of our faculties. One sees infinite possibilities in this study. If only taken up as a hobby, it would be a very respectable and very interesting hobby ; and if it only gave our children a better start in life by enabling us to blunder less over fitting their, circumstances to their capacities, it would be a decided gain. M. Auguste de Candolle has been making researches into the heredity of eye-colours, and he comes to the con clusion that when each parent has different coloured eyes the darker tint will be inherited by the children. Brown eyes he finds more favourable to longevity and health than blue or gray. It is not till a child is 10 years old that the colour of its eyes is fixed. If M. de Candolle'a and such like researches are verified in the anthroxiometric laboratories, mothers and nurses will be able to prophesy on better data than they at present do. It was not to be expected in this age of biographies that Samuel Rogers would be allowed to remain entombed in the works of his contemporaries. We should hardly expeot a dissenting man of business to blossom into a poet, yet Samuel Rogers not only did that, but became the petted protege of social circles and the venerable Maecenas of the house looking out on the Green Park. The records of his ' Early Life ' have just been published'by a relative, Mr. P. W. Clayden, who seems to have done his work admirably. Another rich Nonconformist, but of a very different type, has just had his life written. Mr. Samuel Morley was the very antipodes in thought and feeling to. Samuel Rogers, and in spite of the cultivation and classic purity ot style of the old banker Samuel Morley's life was far and away the more useful to his fellow-creatures. His biographer thus speaks of him : ' He was not a genius ; he was not a man of great intellectual gifts. . . . He was a man faithful to the responsibilities of life . . . who did small things or great with equal diligence and thoroughness; who hated littleness and meanness and selfishness . . . and who lived and died a simple God-fearing man.' Sardou has — not written — rather painted a new play for Sarah Bernhardt, in which poisoning, hang ing, shooting, stabbing, and duelling are all used to soothe the nerves of the audience. It is called ' La Tosca,' the name of the heroine ; but it ought to be entitled ' A Pleasant Evening,' for the action and all the blood-spilling are only supposed to occupy a few hours. Though Sarah was applauded to the skies, Sardou's name was received with hisses and groans. The Paris Figaro tells us that Sardou calls ' Hamlet' an 'idiotic production instead of going to his guilty wife and frightening her, the ghost reveals himself to a lot of indifferent people. , He considers he soliloquy, ' To be, or not to be,' rather meritori ous, though nonsensical in Hamlet's mouth, since his father had certified the existence of another World to him. In fact, if Sardou took 'Hamlet' into his laboratory and licked it into shape he might make a presentable play of it ; but as it is — imagine a French shrug, and Shakspeare is dismissed. As La Tosca, the divine Sarah's costumes created a sensation. It is said that when she went to try them on for the last time she was so delighted with them that she kissed the milliner and she kissed the costumes, which are of the tight-fitting Directoire epoch. ? ? 