4 one" Star Bo-Peep. SY HOWARD EEMLY (coNxcLUED. T following morning, as Judge Natchez, .who comprehended under one large hat-brim ud.much of the professional ability of Concho, turned his face homeward, there was an air of .dejection about his bearing, and a flavor of delinquency in the swift canter into which he at once lashed his unambitious pony. It is very likely that this gloomy exterior was the outcome of certain reserves, professional and pecuniary, that the gentleman had recently sustained. Notwithstanding copious draughts of the inspiration which, according to Mctiss Natchez, * pop' was wont to imbibe, his earnest eloquence in behalf of his client was unappreciated, and Bill Darcy had been sentenced to be hung. And the legal gentleman's efforts to drown his chagrin in the enticements of 'Mexican monte,' during the previous evening,ormore precisely, to 'even up with the Almighty,' as he profanely re marked, on sitting down to the deal board, had unfortunately resulted in the loss of his retainer and counsel fee, consisting of the sum of twenty-five dollars cash and a diamond pin-his client's title to this last article being entirely limited to the ostentatious wearing of the gem. Presently ho chanced upon a black-browed Hercules, tying listlessly upon the prairie, and gazjng with a scowl at some very line cattle grazing in a fertile hollow. The man was attired in the unmistakable clothes of his calling. There were the heavy, wide, leathern leggings extending to the waist, giving Old wearer, when erect, the appearance of walking in an immense mail- bag. There were the knee-boots, with heels so extra vagantly high, and placed at such an absurd angle, that a Parisienne in the day of Louis Quiaze wotuld Itave screamed witis I -delight, and cheerfiully acquiesced in so ] admirable a contrivance fir destroying the eye-sight. This gentleman avoided any such tendency by living in the saddle. When he decided to walk-which he rarely did- he strongly personified in gait that inelegant bird, the goose. It was the American cow- t boy, per execllence, with a certain smartness of c exterior, which suggested the approving l criticism of the fair. ] What was there in the sight of those f magnificent cattle to occasion this scowl ? It s was simply a question of 'cow-brands.' He I was in despair of any possible method by which the ' wine-glass ' label could be con verted with the assistance of a red-hot iron e into his own suspiciously involved trade- 3 mark. This is Mr. Rube Smart, 'cow - - puncher.' Intuitively rccognisitg a sympathetic spirit, t the judge checked his horse. ' H-lh-howdy !' the 'stone-fences,' rather than the judge, remarked. The man, re cognising the bibulousness of Itis salute, * raised his eyes in surly inquiry, and replied, a ' HIowdy !'r ' Boo-oo-'ful mornis' i' The man shrugged his shoulders, and t ungraciously accepted the weather's serenity. t The peculiarly rocky character of the judge's t cups had not communicated their inssesibility s -to his perceptions. He was conscious of u a lack of spontaneity in the dialogue. 'Wash up? Wash lates' newals fro WVash- r' ington 1'' he queried, with judicial concern, It and, I grieve to say, with occasional Texan- t judicial articulationt. I 'Bill Darcy's sentenced ter swing,' said the It cow-boy. The peculiar quality of ironical exaggeration by which the judgo'sinadequate It defence was rendered a national matter, was keecly felt by its recipient through his spirituous disguise. His effusiveness was quenched. T 'Wush foller 'shpeo' 'shgot five imur'iters si an' dead nigger 'ghiu 'm i' he retorted. it ' Judge,' said his gloomy auditor, with sl affected concern, 'I reckon you'd better pull cN yer freight fer hum; this sun's a heap too N hot for yer head, and I d6n't reckon ther's thi room enough roun' her fer ye. I'd reconmnen' c0 yer ter put right smart o' water oit that law- of box o' your'n when yer git thar. What's al more,' lie continued, 'that Penelope '-he 51 alluded to Miss Natchez ts though she 1i suggested antelope, with the attributes of P1 which he was unquestionably more familiar cn -thet Penelope o' your'n needs yerprotcetis' ve care. I seen her, yesterday, totin' a fine- en hair feller up to yer ranch. Looked kinder II caved in, blank him! ' he concluded, with a lie lowering look. The judge did not inquire into the origin of his friend's profanity. He of was oppresed with graver personal mis- sh givings. Lc 'I reckon thar's whar my whisky's been se0 junein' !' Apparently sobs red by the de gravity of this decision, lie ns.< sled his horse at and rode off without thanking his informant. sec When Mr. Fayo Howe first opened his at blood-shot blue eyes on tI-e morning after av his sanitary debauch, a doet ..;zed ,cnsa tion of dull pain oppressed Lis bewildered pe consiousntess. He lay perfestly still, over whelmed with the idea that the present d colossal proportions of his cranium required me all the space of Penelope's airy boudoir for Clii their accosiiodation, and that the slightest to change of position would release a throbbing ob engine in his skull and involve its very sensitive walls in crushing ruin. By what rai species of inspiration he had engineered his n gigautic head-piece through the narrow cis doorway was a problem beyond the present dit available resources of his whisky-steeped intellect. Ho was still feebly pondering hes ulson the impiossittilities of this achsievsment, of when Penelsipe dawised upona hum through gei the portal, so smnbitiously trstisformted from s05 the Bohemiats toilet sf yesterdssy tlsit failure sisl of recognitiont by hinm, inlhis present shattercd liii condition, might have beens pardonaole. She jud~ was oonsistemstly fenainino in her attiro, bitt Nc extr-avmagantly srrtiyed iii lint ty of ti faded for and filmy texture. Ncverthi'lc'ss, a certain it l witsuhery about the foist 'n.,'nbl4, timd tss lie, agreeable odor of bulfflo- clover, with which lier hair iand antiquated cotrange were mia adorned, suede their improssion upon Howve, cam who yielded her the honiage st a sex nmoris ma appreciative of effect thist sictait in msatters of cri dress. He was not wvithoust glimpssos of the dac damise's possibilities in aplsromriate att ire, in dowdy !' sho said iltir sprightly tone. ran flow yo unakin' out i~' with it sympathy of ing manner which her grammar would scarcely tha convey. tac ltowe thanked her, and exhibited a dilli- poi denco about expatiating upon his sensations, rail feeling a man's incapacity to do the subject complete justice without the rssistance of pro- sil fane rhetoric. lb ventured, however, to phto- ns tograph his hygienic degradation by facial of pantomime. fro ' Prezackly l' she exclaimed, with demure it eyelashes, but mentally charmed by the con- ger trajit between his silence and her sire's unhal. of I lowed inspirations after indiscreet libations to in Silenus. She displayed at once a savory bowl upc and large spoon which she had hitherto held mo behind her. 'I reckoned ye'd be just naturally starved. arter yesterday,' she said, 'so I jest killed a owl pullet and made ye some chicken broth. Yer mpe rands better, Mr. Howe. Tell ye, honey, ye itil had a clus call-sure 'nufth" tens Forthwith a prairie Hebe began to minister t to the famished capacity of a blonde Bacchus. mot Meanwhile, hIr respected parent, having jnol struck a most uncompromising homeward the beeline since his last cheerful information, was lhe just rising the divide which overlooked his ener ranch. As he crossed the string of watcrholes sera which formed the line of tthe creek, he was hvif instantly cognisant of the fact that, although hiro the qualifications of the day for pasturage bool were admirable, his sheep were still imprisoned EOD ins their primitive brush-pen, and were solacing col their appetites on the haystack which he had pifidently prennred against the advent of gnu dreaded 'Northcrs.' This being the last link inte in the chain of misfortunes which had lately oppressed him, he at once entered into hearty and blasphemous rivalry of the much-afflicted Job, who, I cheerfully submit, was fairly suc cessful in exhausting the poetic possibilities of profanity. It is with reluctance that I refrain from tran scribing this Homeric indulgence in epithet. For. I certainly appreciate how necessary it is ez to the interpretation of character, and to the r portrayal of an exceptional felicity of expres hosion. Iconcede, however, for the reader's ell of lightenment, that he threw grave and uns ne of tified doubts as to the orini of lhimsucf and he Penelope, and in a surpiisintly short space of is time involved his entire genealogical line in the unquestionable discredit, making all this con nd tingent upon cci tain conditions of which he tly had present ocular proof. Its After which charming eflort he executed a iss wild war-dance in his stir rups in evidence of an his exhausted vocabulary, took out a large, black as plug of tobacco and bit offi triangular quarter en of it, and then charged headlong upon his ,al abode. in But on the present occasion, whatever ver tg bal collation he had reserved for Mr. Fiye en Howe, he was apparently preventcd from c- offering to his notice, partly by his instant rc ,d recognition of his familiar features, and partly is by that apparent interest in his daughter mi which lie detected in the gentleman's face as id lie entered the roor. He recognised in him a rg very good client ; lie was aware of his plethoric of bank-account. This was the ftst occasion on which the Northerner had honored his legal xd adviser by visiting him at his own abode; I and the hfther's imaginative temperament and le fond parental heart were at once inspired with aiir-castle tendencies for the possible future of A Miss Penelope. His greeting, therefore, although subdued t in utterance, was earnest and genuine. I may as well acquaint the reader, at this point, . with the fact that the gentleman was of urn \- questionable birth and breeding. He was fit Ilie son of a former governor of the State of ,f Virginia, and Penclope's mother had been a In lady of patrician beauty and social attraction; o but the war, that comprehensive apology for e much Southern shamelessness of destitution, Ii was here sincere. The feebler feminine e nature despaired and died; the stronger e masculinc one survived and accepted alcoholic it consolation. When, therefore, the degeno rate gentleman of a once golden age learned Iof tIre n:urow escape of his guest, and -the g heroic treatment extended by his daughter, his pale, intellectual, and still handsome features expressed hoth parental pride and sympathetic solicitude. - ' Penelope will bring you around in a day or two,' he said cheerfully; 'make yourself perfectly at home and as comfortable as you i can under the circumstances. Meanwhile, you say you have certain matters of business' -the critical reider observes that the judge had that easy adaptability which enabled hin to wiry his dialect to suit his auditor, and his present utterances gave evideuce of the recollection of social privileges, once enjoyed r and by no means forgotten-' we can consider \- them at our leisure.' To which Howe-a Northerner, remember, and notwithstanding his serious invalidism, replied : ' Why not now ? It's the old matter d that disputo about water privileges between Smart and myself. The season is. dry, and s there is barely errougtl for my six thousand t y sheep. lie insists upon watering his cattle I f upon my ranch. r 'is that all?' said the legal -gentleman I relapsing into border slang immediately, and r giving fiery advice which, hitherto, he s had seldom followed. 'Is thet all? Wal, I've looked up thet matter,, an' yei-' Ides' ,is a all straight ; 'give him 'notice to quit;' of c o le don't bluff, shovr half a dozen cartridges t inter yer Winchester, freeze ter yer wateor hole, and stand off him and his cussed cattle.' a A fortnight of the halcyon weather of a Texan spring had passed away-days of sun slshine, offragrnace, of bird-song-the blossom. e ing of Nature's heart in earth, and air, and 0 sky-days uneventful, but, alh mre l full of a sl certain novel and blissful fascination for Miss ce Natchez. She was leaning dejectedly over ws the narrow railing of the ranch, her drooping it eye-lashes giving her face a quaint suggestion bl of heavyi mourning. There had been no sc abatement of the glad weather; the air was hr tremulous with the melody of rival moching- cc birds which flickered in black and white re plumes from tree to tree, and filled the embowering live oaks with their delirious at ventriloquism. Her cause of grief was qi entirely subjective ; the sunshine of Mr. Fayc tli Howe's presence had faded from her lin horizon. - - P1 There had been hours of Arcadian colloquy, of equestrian companionship, of pastoral re sheep-tending and shle -seeking with this h Lone Star Bo-peer. T iere had even been d, sentimental moments of generous rivalry, d devoted to the perforation of tin tomato-cans at ten paces with the ' six-shooter.' It would wn seem that the 'abomination of desolation' 11 was left as the result of this target-practice. fr Howbeit, although at times given to reverie ts and a day-dreaming that was new to her, she was full of a certain energy attributable, d perhaps, to the awakening spring. But the di jIudge, who was himself a victim of the cidumber-ager,' and, on days consecrated to mental conmunioi and suppressod 'shakes,' H had an invalid's acute perceptions, 'nilloweds tiht lIe never reckoned the spring fever so sa obstrep'-roies.' m' A sudden conviction of the untidiness of the ranch oppressed her, and by incersant practice in the hurling of missiles, she removed its en circling debris to a point too remote for ocular lot disapprobation. ex Then she lost her apparent taste for veiling ia her sex in masculine raiment. With the aid ga of some old fasiriori-plates aiid art iii- ha genuity wsitth her needle at wvhicir tire sterner Jo sex statids nghntst, she rccomaplishied tsilc-(fa o .surdra burt effective, from rrtics of her imothier's rec tinery, religiously irresersed tby her father. The ti judge Ian htis failings Ire had also Iris ideals, ti Notsvitiistainling great tposwers of fascination sc forma proverbiallycrnifilirtg sex, lie neser found it in his heart, nor it Iris swildest dreants be- t lieved it possible, to diualicate Mrs. Natceire. Ge 11cr diress-mtak-inig os-er, Penelope developecd oc imtrvels of cleanliness, rind eniteredt rponi a iii eninpaigni agrirrst htei luxuriant bitt trnigled s marne. Sthe possessed aitonig hier treasures a eracietun arid bilious rmirroar. ie fore this inet- c1 daciotis detractor she passed uriliritent time ire Ill l... ..PILL - 1u1u11 .u11ay - l ille v s tilt rangement of her raven tresses. It is interest- the Ing, as an instance of the intution of woman, 001 that she merely pursued the man-demoralising lou tactics of the faunous Lorelei, of whose entirely an, poetic existence she was blissfully in igno- Hi rmace. thi Finally, having n'Lrefully prepared the did sinews of feminino worfare in the formal fro manner above denuriled, she drew the picture a of the unfortunately fashionuble young lady gr. from the hummiation of the ohinmnoy, afLixed wi it to iL tree with a small ' bowie,' and being 7 geographieally prevented from annihilation jut of the lady by pure personal charm, engaged ret in vindictive aend unerring target-practice lea upon it with a more effective but no more re- ti morseless weapon. gee B3u I think it was in her treatment of the not owl that sho most palpably acknowledged tbo gel *presence of Cupid. She possessed a small the meongorie of native pets, with which her wa hitherto undeveloped affections had been con- lev tent. In small wooden cages she had immured hat at various stages of ndoleseence, a dove, a 1 mocking-bird, a prairie-dog, a diminutive dis, jackass-rabbit. A somewhat lively fancy in rec the detection of resemblances had impelled dra her to baptiso these captives with the titles of die= certain of her ninny admiring suitors. She wet shared the Homoeri fascinations of the model wit wife of Ulysses. The dove and the moching- hIo, bird were cow- men of mild and lancuishing due eeOtimentality in feminine matters-Nature's run carpet- knights-h-o one given to playing of cooing ballads on horsbackc with a cracked mau guitar, and the other offensive through a are servile eOmblance of devotion, at spasmodic wit internals, on a reedyaeeorde~'n. The marmot fucl tely was Mr. James Wily, the gambler; the iaol irty rabbit was Mr. Ruba Smart, the ' cow ted piuncher.' tic- But the owl!-the owl was nameless, typical s of of that evasive silence which woman preserves in amatory matters of a serious complexion. an- Howbeit, the desperate devotion with which set. she sacrificed before this silent, feathered t is altar might have encouraged the anciont the Pythagoras in his doctrine of metempsychosis. es- One merning, an scenuniodating teamster en- jumiped down from his box-seat in ne- eis 'prairie-schooner, and deposited nil in her trmtibling fingers a billt-dou.; of s`es devoured its contents with eager eyes. It in was simply an invitation to a bill to take it- place that evening at Eden, but its effect was he ularming. She bncamno earnestly grave, and set about d a appalling formalities; she filled the clothes an hailer of the ranch,and heated it to a danger icl ous temperature; she removed nil the interior ter furnishings of her father's tent, tightened its his onrds, and rendered it nearly opaque ; she deposited within it her most elaborate toilette er- and an ambitious wash- tub. Thea taking aye her six.shooter,' she chastely retreated mn within its precincts, and tied down the cam5as re.- opening frotis within. This modern Dinan tly recognised the effliciency of powder and ball ter against a possible Aettoon. When she as reappeared, the effect was dazzling in the i extreme. ic That the ball was held in a vacant store on owned by Jim Wily; that it was illuminated 'il by an unpardonable extravagance in tallow e; dips, perched upon laths tacked to empty nd shelves; that the elite of Eden danced in full tii equipment, Lut in the efiluence of 'boiled of shirts; tnd the social sub- stratuin, from every available window and loop-hole, ed availed themselves of a view of the festivities in which they were nor invited to participate, ay but which they endeavoured to cloud by the n- diabolical t'.bacco-smoko under which they as veiled their slighted feelings, is a matter of of memory among the inhabitants of the frontier a town. But heon Miss Penelope Natchez was a its pervarling charm, isow mho outshooti. by her b beewildering appearance the much bhtoilotted fair; low she compolled admiration by flatly ti refusin- to dance with Jim Wily, while not' cr hositating to gracehis entertainment with the lie effulgence rf her presence; how she danced equaro dances with all her many admirers, ed but how there was a terdoncy to monotony in lie waltzing with Mr. Faitye owe, was reported at great length by the ornate editor of r, the Eden Adrertiser, whose extravagant n periods afforded significant evidence of the height to which it single privileged quadrille had exalted him. We have lost our copy of I this gifted sheet, or we could not forbear transcribing it. But whilelPenelope and Faye were approxinating to a condition of plastic te infrtution rat this crowning social event of the frontier season, there were two who de e parted with far different teelinsgs: Mr. Jim n Wily in expressive indignation, and Mr. Rube i is Smart in the embrace of the 'green-eyed I t monster.' - cr e e * Al a: . 0 The relations of Mr. Howe and-Mr. Smart , were necessarily belligerent. The formor's ti apparent progress in the affections of Miss Natchez offectually settled that. Through \- out the long dry season Rube's stank drank n the water of the Northern gentleman's id ' range' by the hogshead; at first, under his id armed survcillance ; afterward, with the a le familiar effrontery of habit. At last, when a further continuation of this would have left 1 .n his own woolly flocks to famish, Ilciwe l-id d aside his customary caution, filled ilte mtgs. ie zine of his ' Winchester,' and getting the t I, 'first drop ' upon his perlisttat foe, coolly is assured him of speedy conversion into a humanae :f colander if lie did not desist instanter. There :s was a steely glitter in Howe's usually mild r- blue eye, aside from the advantage of his -' attitude, which was convincing. Mr.. Rube Smart accepted the resistlessness of the gun a tleman's logic. He quietly withdrew. c This did not prevent himt, however, from emptying his own carbine and 'six- shooter' d on occasional dark nights into the crowded rn sheep-pens of the Northerner. The dastardly d cowardice of this act was apparently visited r with retribution, for Rube's stock-few in inumber and mostly acquired by conversion, both Literal and legal- died by tens and scores. His encounter with the northerner " had sulliciently conviniced him. that open combat was not the most oflicient -method of h. revenge. cy Assisted by Jim 'Wily, who still rankled, - and by Texan rum of-phenomenally bad quality, lie developed a scheme worthy of 81 the brain front which it emanated and the at liquor by which it was inspired. Briefly, his Os plan was to ' Ipop the question ' to Miss at renelope, and in the event of her probable tl refusal, to pop her very charmiig person into of a covered buggy, and forcibly elope. It is sr hardly necessary to say that all this was to be fo done it the absence of her fattier. Mr. Jim be Wily kindly offered to accomnodate his friend at with the necessary vehicle. He was not fdl aware that Howe, during the entire summer, at hIadinaintaitied a brave light against feminine P5 fascinations; notwithstanding a hIermit's Pl isolation, and the absolute cessation of Ai epistolary hostilities from the fashionable th dressed young lady. He did not know Pl either, that the poor little namesake of the fil exemplar of Greek conjugal fidelity was -in - despair of ever hearing from the faithless be Howe again, and destitute of an-y conisolation mu save her owl, now arrived at muscular do maturity, and apparently anxious to emulate he the gentleman by flying away. - mi \- a . *.. , . t w sea The early l1ll was at hand, and the raini.so ov long withheld, charged impatiently upon the. of exhausted earth, with a fury 'that left a misty - laize in the air, lilce the ghost of-a lierce en- oia gagement. Amid the violent storm, which 1st had prevailed: istermittently for a five days> Judge Nathelte, reterning from the settlement -wI of a lecal dispute ,in a neighsbouring owns, -dv received the -news of thel cowv-boy's -design: kit open his datigliter from -t transleist guest of thu Jins Wiley, awis had overhte-rdt a -converse- Om lion throagh the sheeting p-trliiioms of his it, sleeping apartitent. A Texain hotel is -ni list ambitions tival of the famous W~hispering thu Gallery. - -Tb Thieie was ito outburst of profantity on this lIo occasion. He received the details of- tlsolslot Hi us that silcisce which nmakes imntense emotion - so awse- iaspirinsg; hut the sorry mount of the neu judge sooni realised thsat he had never before yoi c.1gerieinced use possibilities* of -flaggelatoiot miorhils own mowvers to overcome space. -In thu the height of this mad ride, he saw through As the encircling mists a buggy, achieving a very an comfortable rate of speed along the trail toad between himself and his next neighbor, and proceeding in the direction of the ranob. ow His face paled; the line of his jaw showed through the tenso skin; his knees smato the to side of his hoire; but sipping his right arm free front the sleeve of his ' ticker,' he drew loo a self-cocking Colt's revolver-the gift of a say grateful client-aund rode on to intercept him sul with the sternness of fate. to Itube Smart-for ho it was-soeing the has judge, and recognising him immediately, ass reined in his horse with his left hand, and leaning out of the buggy, allowed his right oiu t) drop mechanically to his hip. The gesture indicated the locality of a weapon- in not a self-cooker, but equally speedy in the ol gentleman's hands He had long ago filed the the notches in the tsumbler of the lock, and Hoe was want to discharge it by the more ] leverage of his powerful thumb upon the dog hammer. the A rent in the s slicker' of the horseman sac disclosedhismasked design. Frontier etiquette for recognises no distinction between the coy drawing of is weapon and its actual the dtsihargc ; the one implies the other. There arn were two almost simuitaneous reports from Th within hand-shaking distance. A franti: bra horie, riderless, and with leaping stirrups, hen dashed wildly away in the direction of the wsi ranch. A buggy, from the spinning wheels I of which the water flow, went careering a li madly over the water-soaked prairie. The Pet avenging father and his victim lay eftad, mu with the rain psiting upon their ghastly wet faces. of ulc- As even at that moment, Penelopo, await iw- ing anxiously at the window her sire's return, marvelled how much the coursing seal drops upon the pane resembled tears. alt. About the time of the occurrence of the cd tragedy, Mr. Fayo Howe-scated at the stove ont of the hospitable Mtacpherson, a genial Scot whose store was at once post-office and 'es. general base of supplics for the town of Eden S-was engaged in contemplation of his te steaming boots, and in cynical meditation upon the inconstancy of woman. The ring t of native Texans around this red-hot ike dispenser of comiort was practical in its lamentations over the danger of 'rises' in tho waterholes and creeks. At each lull in the conversation, the expectorant hiss of the es assailed stove seemed at once to deride and 05- threaten their fears. inr Mr. Howe was feeling classical on this its occasion ; he was silent, and supported his she own experience with the ripar judgment of rtte Virgil-' Yarinun et nintabilo feraina !' The n.. immediate predisposing canue of so much ted mental conmuunion and this Latin summary ,s was probably the recipt, that morning, of the na wedding-cards of the young lady who has all occupied photographic prominence in these he pages. Not that Mr. Howe was particularly he sensitive to the somewhat marked flavor of the lady's social etiquette, but because ho are reflected with pardonable disparagement ed upon the apparent readiness with which she w_ had hitherto acknowledged, in notes of sty superlative perfume and tinted paper, certain nll' gifts of jewellery which his prodigal fed generosity had in time past felt called upon n to tender. It was, perhaps, the epistolary 1e; reflection which led him to dwell with lea gratified contrast upon the apparent sincerity to 'of Miss Penelope's attachment. Ilowe was he thoroughly conscious of certain billets-douar, ey which-albeit ungramnmatical and crippled of in, orthography-wore genuine and unpor ier famed. A lack of self-prejudice in personal as matters made him 'execrate. himself for er' failure to aukhiowledge these gratuitous ad pledges. After this econdeinuatoryintrospec ;ly tion he walked to the. window. Outsido tot' it was raining heavily. ho As he stood gazing out at the pouring rain ed he' was strumc by the attitude of resigned rs, fatalism exhibited by his patient steed. The in gentleman was conscious of entertaining a ed peculiar sentiment for this animal. 'It was of not affection, for Howe w's singular in this, nt that he had never been able to love anything he which did not it first exhibit 'toward him lie marked evidence of attachment. Whatever of ' Oscar' was, he was not demonstrative. .He ar had been first attracted to him by that stern. j'o practicality which obtains in matters of ao horseflesh-his record for speed and endur of anee. The mustang had been victor in many c- a prairio ' scrub-race,' and his fame as a in swimuser of unfordable rivers had gone be abroad through the country. Later, Howe ed had como to respect 'him for his. keen instincts. Entering the State with Northern enterprise and that lack of woodcraft proverbial of a ' tender-foot,' a carelessness rtin riding over his boundless 'range' had 's often compelled him to resort to a compass ' as situated in that long head, to preventpassing 1- the night on the bald prairie. Theni, a ik 'philosophical submission to the inevitable, is, i stolid patience of misfortune, withal, is is serene indifference of fate had compelled re respect. He fancifully believed that the 0n horse reciprocated the sentiment, and that he ft had faith in his master besides. This had I id induced him in one occasion 'to accord ia vehement oath that death alo-ne shliuld part 1e them. As the gentleman dwelt upon an equine Al courage that was almost manly, and -accepted rd his suggestion of dripping boot-leather,' ho is was appalled at the sarcasm of calling him IS 'Oscar Wilde.' Why was it ? He distinctly IQ saw.the animal raise his head and.look him i- full in the face. A man; pale with excitement, at this ?1 moment ran into the store, and announced d that he just found Judge Natchez and Rube Smart lying' dead 'upon the prairie. ' The ddoor slammed violently. Mr.. Howe was n gone. As he loosened the lasiat. of his mustang, t d he was prompted again to look into his ' "r intelligent eyes. WVhat was it be saw there ? 'Who' knows ! Yet, as he settled himself in f his Mexican saddle, le felt that . sublime I conseiousnces of the privileged equestrian e -that horse and master were in accord. : That ride through flying mud, through n f eplashing water, over the wet prairie! Here t and there swollen pools along the way had a s overflowed the trail in blank and treacherous v s sheets through which his horse dashed with t the fury of an angry billow, leaving the track o of their fierce progress outlined in flying p spray and hurrying curves of bubble amid s' foam. At times the yielding soil of the a beaten track forced hirn to break his way ii ! amid uhuparral and copse, and through thin is files of mesquite and live oak, standing like si storm-beaten sentinels in silent gray, the at panting of his labortug-steed, the cadence of aw plunging hoof-boats swept by unchallenged. ma As lie rode on without whip or spur, and felt at the restless energy of those grand muscles of playing like tin engine beneath him, lie was in filled' with admiration for his noble horic. as His watch told him that tho obscured was ? but 'an hour high' as he passed the pecan is motto and thediusnantled cow-pen lying hid- um den within its depths. "The line of water- n< holes that he had formerly known was brim- hi ring with 'water, and sapture's chalices c0 seemed esger to burst their einerald cups anid m overflow the intervening space. He thought fa of the ranch at the junction of the two oreeks m -so negli gently placed. He thought of the fo orphaned Penelope. He might yet be too of aJust lie descended the ga!nt divids' hc which sloped gently down to the now visible d. dwelling, ho heerd ri noise before hue. He t kisew it instinctively rind caught Isis breath; 00c the line of~ waterholes was a fosmising creek,.t Only to his borse'sknces as he dashird thsreugh s it; but he wass aware of the disuger in clime latitudes, and shuddered ia lie gailluped up be the little rise and into the live oakl clump. Ti Throwing his miustarsg's bridle over a neigh- 1 bouring} ost, lie ran to theodoor of the riuchs. s Hoko dNo reply. He kniuukecd rsgains \---lender. Silence stilt. Willh f reoticr polito- t ness,. he turoed the lenob and entered the t younig lady's bed-olsamber. ph -Thoroornwasts'ilight dliii'. Penelope had n thrown herself upon the bed 'nd lisy asleep. , As he entered she opened her eyes wearily ij and rose with a sudden flash. 'Why, Fayc !' was all she said. He took the little brown hands in both his. a own. sh ' The urocks are rising, dear; I have come thi to save you!' of Sio ran to the window and cast a startled Of look without; she threw open the door and saw the long tlati about the smaller branches submerged and threatening; she came back to him with a pallor in her face that Howe had never seon there before. Ho smiled re- pri assuringly. pu. ' Do not despair,' he said. ' My sorrell is kno outside. Are you ready ?' me ' One moment!' the girl. answered, grasp- obi ing the sombrero, dusty with neglect, and an fel old rubber-coat of her father's. She throw gal them on hustily, and ran out into the storm. thl IHowo was left in the little room. out Penelope ran to her cages ; she freed the fey dove and the mocking-bird, which availed crc themselves of the privilege. Hesitating a on second, she finally drew the confining barri'ra he for the prairie-dog and jack-rabbit; they we cowered in their open prisons. Catching up en, the full-pluunuged owl, the faithful little As ,irns itteimpted to e:iriy himn to the horse. tra The ungrateful wretch fluttcrel fiercely, 1 a, s broko from her tender clasp, and flapped an( heavily away. She returned to Howe, who tiin was waiting in the Ciuddle. in Ho turned his heavy bo:;-stirrup outward mn a little and reached his right hand to her. gri Penclope put a trusting little fo it on his; she aun mounted behind him. Two confiding arns inc were thrown around him. I wot the betavior abi of the gentleman was in marked contnast to he, that of the fugitive owl ; he displayed no disposition to escape that gentle pressure. Thus they rode out in the brief Southern twilight. As they descended the slight rise, his heart sank as 1w taw the larger crook; it was run ning with the fierccunes of a turbulent river -the current setting with the trend of its valley bed, and, therefore, not always in the middle of the stream. The roaring waters were plunging up the slight declivity foot by fiat ! He glanced baclt-the lesser branch and its encircling flats were moving rapidly, the tremnndous volume of water cutting them off in the rear. 'The only chanoe of permsa nent safety Fatye Howe know was in the great divide, stretching before him dimly like a despairing hope. Something of the despera tion of the coming struggle was in him, as he turned in his, saddle. 'Littke one,' he said, throwing a strong arm around her in the gathering twilight, ' it it far, for worse thanI thought. Your father has notreturned. Look atmie, darling! He Itemr will, lie never can. Shall it be mine to take a wife with me to the other sideY' He felt the pretty brown arms.tighten. their clasp ; a little head sank upon his; shoulder. There came to his listening ear a' whisper fragrant with its memories of buffalo clover: li' ye, I reckon so.' He had not hitherto detected the latent poetry of this peculiar Texan idioen. Oscar,' who had halted upon the sloping declivity as 'sternly as if carved ,in stone, immediately shivered and gave a loud snort !' it struck both ominously. Howe leaned forward over his strong neck and patted the animal's ear, very much as an operator taps his telegraphio key. It was an old familiar gestureunderstoofbytthemboth. Thoerustang sprang forward and was soon breasting the hurrying flood, but sinking deeper then when,' the water first swirled around him. Howe disengaged himself from his stirrups, and, whispering to Penelopo, slipped from the saddle, swinging otffby the girth. She took his place. And now thb rushing, turbnlent river began to bring down oarits current fragments of creek-margin and grassy debris. A snake swam 'past, them in tortuous fright, Small sticks of timber drifted sideways with the boiling flood, or shot swiftly past, flying like darts, end-on. 'The raw-hide bound cow pen was breaking up and giving way. Swimming thus on his horse's left, holding on by the saddle-girth, and shielding with his own body the tender limbs of her who was to be his bride, Howe shuddered as he thourht of the great pecans. . At that instant he hearda loud erash up the creek.; his fears were trophetio. Already under the. lee of the' great divide, he was feeling a rising joy iu'his heart, when he noticed an uneasy movement of, his mus tang's head. He strained his eyes through the gloom, but could 'see nothing. Just as he felt his horse's fore-foot strike the sub merged prairie-bottom, a dark, ominous shape, swinging irresistibly with the current on a fulerunm caused by the resisting bank, struck the brave head of the noble steed with the force of a thunderbolt. ' The stricken neck bowed mutely before the great destroyer, and with a single convulsive, sigh the doomed 'animal yielded up his life. The trunk of a' huge pecan that had caught in i side eddy drifted slowly past and out into the rush of the whirling creek, liko some black and sullen' leviathan. The eternal decree of fate was done ! But Penelope and. Faye, left thus in the rapidly shoaling Swater, were saved. The North and South clasped hands at last. ' 