BJKYIBWB. Twblvb Esaum^fkHmniH.— ' Oliver Cromwell,' by Frederick Harrison; 'Hetry the Second,' by Mrs. J. R. Green. MacmiUan & Co . London. la wciuug ujjuu \suver vruiawou j? rouuciuo. Harrison has performed a difficult task with wonderful tact, thoroughness, and impartiality. There is no figure in English history around whom the Btorms of party controversy have raged with more virulence and pertinacity than this same Oliver Cromwell. By the one party he has been and is represented as the incarnation of malevolence, deceit, and selfishness; as being coarse, vindictive, narrow-minded, tyrannical ; as being a wanton traitor, a heartless murderer, a canting hypocrite. Little credit is given Mm for his military achievements, and the fact that England during his protectorate attained an almost unparalleled height of prosperity and power is attributed to causes outside the circle of the Protector's influence. To the other party Oliver Cromwell stands confessed a patriot in the highest and beat sense of the word; a soldier having the brain to conceive and the will - and daring to execute the most critical undertaking; a statesman keen in anticipating the course of events, well versed in the art of taking occasion by the hand, and accus tomed to subordinate everything to the public weaL In presenting a review of the career of a man who haa been made the subject of such diverse judgments it devolved upon Mr. Harrison to examine minutely the testimony en both aides, and it will be difficult for any moderately un prejudiced person to rise from the perusal of his book without feeling that he has done this in a fair and candid spirit. As the result of the examination bis verdict is generally favourable. First we have an Interesting but not exhaustive account of Oliver's family, which Is shown to be an ancient and honourable one, closely associated from time to time with kings and courts. Then a glimpse Is given us of Oliver's home life before the irresistible impulse came upon him to devote himself to the work of redressing his country's wrongs and establishing the liberties and rights of the people in opposition to the pretensions of the Crown upon . a firm basis. The story of how the country squire was by the force of events com* polled to take the lead In resisting the illegal and unwarrantable exactions of the sovereign is effectively told. To Crom well's genius as commander full justice Is done, and this entails the acknowledg ment that he was the creator of that military system which led to the de struction of the gallant armies which fought so desperately for the King. In dealing with the de thronement and execution of Charles Mr. Harrison Is able to show conclusively that long after the final success of the Parliamentary forces it was no part of Oliver's policy to degrade the kingly office, much lees to bring its occupant to the block. . . Long andUoyall; he strove to ? reconcile the nation to its sovereign upon the basis of effective guarantees on both sides for .the maintenance of constitutional procedure. It was only when he found low hopeless it was to trust to the good faith of the King, whose vacillation, duplicity, and disloyalty to friends were placed beyond- question by a hundred infallible proofs, that Cromwell made up his mind that his presence on the throne was an obstruction to the cause of liberty and progress and good government which must be removed at all hazards. We cannot follow Mr. Harrison through the whole of his critical review. He makes no pretence of defending Oliver through thick and thin. He confesses to the presence in him of an element of coarseness which is traceable in various acts of horseplay which mar the record of his earlier man hood. The idea of his being other than profoundly sincere in his religions views is successfully combated, but his practice of indulging in pious phrases in season and out of season is only excused on the score of its being the habit of the time among those who were his associates. There are other points In which, in Mr. Harri son's judgment, the Protector laid him self open to unsparing condemnation, but this does not materially affect his general estimate of the man as being one of the noblest Englishmen of them alL His exemplary conduct in all the relations of social and domestic life, his genuine piety, his unwearied devotion to the nation's weal furnish grounds for tha ad miration of posterity. As citizen, as soldier, as statesman, he occupies a proud position in. the annals of .his* country. Mr. Harrison has done good service in reporting his cause aright. Mrs. Green, In her review of the reign of the second Henry, brings into striking prominence the part taken by that monarch in moulding the form of govern ment under which England has attained the phenomenal prosperity which has dis tinguished her career. It is a remark able fact that the English people in the matter of the shaping of the political, social, administrative, and even religious institutions which now prevail owe more to this potentate, who was ignorant of the English tongue, and spent a very small portion of his time in England, than to any other sovereign or statesman whose sway they have owned. Thanks to his military skill and genius for government, he succeeded in establishing his authority over Anjou, Lorraine, Maine, Normandy, Poiton, Sain tonge, Petigord Limousin, Angoumois, Gaacony, and England, and this at the early age of 21. His empire 'reached from the Arctic Ocean to the Pyrenees,' and embraced such a multi plicity of interests, such a diver* lity of people, varying in race, in language, in aims, and in history, that none but a born king amongst men — one standing head and shoulders above his contemporaries, and worthy to take illus trious rank among earth's greatest rulers, could have proved equal to the task of governing it Not content with his vast domains in England and on the Continent he accomplished the conquest of Ireland, and so far triumphed over the Scotch that to him may be assigned the credit of laying the founda tion of the United Kingdom. But it is not so much on account of his brilliant successes as a soldier that Henry's name fills so large a space in English history. His policy dealt the last and fatal stroke to feudalism and ushered in the new civilization which has never since ceased to work its way in the realm of England. Through his action the judicial institutions of the country were placed upon a- new and more ' satisfactory basis, and for a time even the Church had to submit to a power more unscrupulous, if not more imperious, than itself. But this could not last. By meddling with the privi leges of the Church the King paved the way for the. most memorable struggle of Ma memorable reign. He was opposed with relentless persistency by his protege' and Chancellor, Thoma3 A'Becket, whose death at the hands of assassins so far from putting an end to the strife aroused the nation to such a pitch of; resentment that only by unconditionally BurrenderiDg himself to the discipline of the Church was he able to pacify bis subjects and regain his influence amongst them. But the aaddeBt experiences in Henry's chequered life were not those connected with the murder of A'Beckett, but those arising out of the rebellious conduct of his own sons. In vain he sought to bind them to him by dividing amongst them his kingdoms and principalities ; hia; munificence only fed their ingratitude and' foBtered their antagonism. The genius which, had established so mighty .an Empire, and held it together in the face' of what to any one else would have been* ^erwhe^aingoddj* faltered onderpres rarVof such unnatural opposition. Henry lied when yet comparatively in the prime of life, and soon a»'l that remained of Us achievements were the reforms indelibly Imprinted upon the laws, customs, and institutions of England. LOITGMAK3' School Geoqbafht fok Atjstkalasia. By G. G. Chisholm, M.A., B.Sc. Longmans, Green, & Co., London. [Received through 'Messrs. E. S. Wigg and Son.) Mr. Chishohn in the composi tion of this work has departed from the usual track, and has produced a volume based upon scientifically sound principles, and instinct with interest to all students of the physical features and phenomena of the globe. He has taken as his pattern the system of geographical instruction current in Germany, which proceeds upon the principle that it is impossible for teaching to be both thorough and full of minute detail. Furthermore, the writer slaims, and justly too, to have so treated bis subject as to enable pupils to realize that in geography there is something to understand as well as to commit to memory ; in other words, he has sought to make geography a mental .discipline as veil as a body of instiuction. There is a copious introduction, in ?which the general characteristics of geographical study are sarefully discussed, and this Is followed by chapters on Australia in general and sachof the Australian Colonies in particu lar, the latter exceedingly brief. Attention !s given, not only to the solid earth and the fluent sea, but to the productions of both jarth and eea, and to the various forma of life that lend variety and interest to them. Ihen come chapters upon the other divi sions of the globe, care being taken to keep the mass of information given down to the lowest limits, but at the same time to omit mention of no vital fact connected (nth. the geography of the countries dealt with. The book contains some scores of plates Illustrative of tcenery, of city life, and of the. customs and amusements of various races. Singularly enough, with the exception of one small representation of the globe, there are no maps given, and this notwithstanding the fact that the author insists upon their use as an indis pensable adjunct to the teaching of geo graphy. This omission apart, Mr. Ohis holm'B new school book can hardly be too highly commended. . . . A CENTURY OF AUSTRALIAN SONG.— Edited by Douglas B. W. Sladen, B.A., &c; Centenary edition. Walter Scott London. Mr.. Sladen has done good service to Australia by presenting In a handy volume choice illustrations of the poetical works of many of Australia's most gifted singers. He does not profess even in this sew and enlarged issue of his iarlier book to give specimens of verses [-f all Australian writers who have more or [ess successfully wooed the Muse, and he is squally modest in disclaiming credit fot selecting for reproduction the best writ ings of those whose works have come under ids notice. -What he aims at is tc jive 'A.Belecticn of poems Inspired by if e and scenery In Australia,' and he has arried' out his purpose with sufficient completeness to prove to those who have my literary discernment that, this contl ient has' produced and' is producing' a :ull share of men and women pfted with poetic insight, and with ;he skill to give fitting expression to he thoughts inspired by communings nth Nature and their fellows. Mr. Sladen himself is a better critic than poet, ind the remarks appearing in his introduc ion upon the excellencies and defects -f the most distinguished of the writers iom whom he quotes generally show sound judgment and Btrict impartiality. Every one will not agree with him in placing Alfred Domett at the head of the poets of Australia, but every one must igree that he adduces weighty reasons for uhe faith that is in him. His estimates of Adam Lindsay Gordon, and Henry Kendall, and J. Biunton Stephens, md George Gordon McCrae show i deep insight and discrimination, ind fairly establish his fitness for the unbitious task he has undertaken- in the rolume before us. South Australia's poets have not been entirely overlooked, rat the names of not a few South Aus ralians who well deserve mention have -een omitted. One or two glairing errors appearing in the first edition of the selec lona are corrected in this. It is frankly icknowledged that 'AYoice from the Bush' was not from .the pen of A. L. Gordon, and the fact of its having been nferentially attributed to Mr. Sladen limself is imputed to a printer's error. The name of the real author is, however, it that writer's own request withheld. Be is faults what they may, it must be con fessed that the present edition of 'A Century of Australian Song' is one of the pleaaanteat fruits of this centenary season. — — — Macmielan's Colonial Series — 'Fraternity,' a romance ; 'With the Im mortals,' by F. Marion Crawford. Mac miUan & Co., London. The author of ' Fraternity' has no reason to be ashamed of his novel, for it is a work far above the average of modern novels. There is no lack of love-making in it, but, as the title implies, it primarily aims at representing a phase of fraternal affection. The hero of the story is a model character, and throughout the book the higher and purer virtues of manhood and womanhood as well as some of their greatest weaknesses are strikingly portrayed 'With the Immortals' illustrates forcibly the versatility of the author. It is no light task that he undertakes, seeing that it devolves upon him after summoning the shades of such diverse celebrities as Heine, Chopin, Caesar, Francis I., Bayard, and Samuel Johnson, to cause them to take an intelligent part in con versation with the agreeable mortals with whomtheycomeincontact. How the shades are summoned is told in graphic language, and with an attention to detail which gives a strange air of probability to the whole performance. The eventful inter views described take place in a romantic spot on the western coast of Italy, and there is an idyllic charm not only in the scene and its surroundings, but. in the whole of the strange story. It is clear from the way in which the Idiosyncrasies of the immortals are preserved, and from the light which their conversation Bheds upon obscure' parts of their history as It Is known to tie world, that Mr. Crawford has made himself well acquainted with the record of their lives. ? There is no evi dence. in the utterances with which they are credited of their having learned much or forgotten anything during their ab sence from, this earthly sphere. According to their own account of themselves their posthumous existence has been a passion less, monotonous sort of round. They are cognizant of all that has taken place on earth since they assumed the garments of Immortality, but they themselves have made no progress. As they were be fore death so they are now. Their weaknesses, their longings, their peculiarities, mental physical and spiritual,, have become stereotyped. The only .things they have gained are a freedom ? from troublesome emotions; and resignation to their inevitable lot. It speaks well for the skill with which the writer has handled bis subject that the ludicrous element in the whole business does not obtrude itself except at rare intervals. The reader, even accepts without protest the story of the ap pearance* of * the! syrens 'who sing their weird songs . of , enchantment and outstay the masculine ghosts who, finding the electrical conditions created at the outset of their visitations growing weaker and weaker, finally fade from sight. It would not be a fearsome but a pleasant thing to pass a few weeks in tha company o£ such amiable, intelligent, entertaining spirits as those which, Mr. Crawford conjures up. ? : _. ;* _ t;- ', "Till Death Us Sever: or What God hath joined together let not man put asunder." A novel by J. Lothian Robson. Simpkins, Marshall, & Co., London. The appearance of this book in Adelaide may be regarded as opportune, seeing that it advocates a view of the marriage cere mony which is diametrically opposed to that taken in Sir John Downer's Bill. It is not likely, however, to do much towards confirming the opinion of the most pre judiced of anti- divorce readers. It is a readable, even a highly entertaining story; but that is the best that can be said of it. For the purpose of pointing a moral it is worse than useless. No, one with the spirit of a man in him could act as the husband acted towards his wife's seducer ; no pure minded and honest woman could so readily fall a victim to the very simple wiles of a thoroughpaced villain as this wife did; no man possessing a spark of honour, or of regard for a friend, could play the treacherous, fiendish part which Harry Clinton is represented as having played towards his friend ; and, no set of society quidnuncs and scandal mongers would ever receive back an erring wife into favour as the heroine of this tale is received back. Maiwa's Revenge,. oe thb.Wae of the Little Hand, by H. Rider Haggard'. Longman, Green, & Co., London.- : This Is a short and stirring story of adventure in the African wilds. The narrator is that Quartermain who has become so familiar to the readers of Elder Haggard's books, and if the incidents are sensational to the verge of improbability that Is no more than one might expect. The author revels in weird scenes, in im possible situations, in bizarre characters, in supernatural enterprises. There is leas Btrain placed upon the credulity of the reader in this than in many of his other works, but the trail of the serpent is over, them all. The little volume be fore us Is intensely Interesting, and it would be unjust to impair it by giving any outline of what is so entertainingly set down. ...';.. . . .-.,,.. ,. ... Sylvia Aedek.— A novel by Oswald Crawford. Third and- cheaper edition; Kegan Pan), Trench, & Co., London. This is a thrilling atoryj and. the popu larity it has attained is indicated by the fact of Its having already reached a third edition. The writer is in debted to 'Borneo and Juliet' and ' King Solomon's Mines' for some of his most telling situations, but there is enough of originality in the book to render ' a . perusal of it by the lovers of sensational teles a very agreeable task. The edition is a cheap one, but the get-up is attractive and reflects much credit upon the publishers. 