STORY TELLER. ! Life 100 Years Ago. I Jamaica rum, well cr.ongh In its we/, was ? p6or:,Kul«titiite for ilio right good Nantes which jjan lind pro vy led. A trwto had been develoimd which woe doomed to diopiioint ment, for no ono succeeded Dan. A nmu ? cannot' niddehly become a Binuggler. lte latlons liavo to 1x3 eK'.alili.ihed on the opjiosite shore, a connection to be formed at home; it U u biutitmn which i' tho growth of years. Now Dan represented -tho third, nnd his bohs the fourth gener«tio:i, of a long cnieor. in. the trade, during which tho -whole butinea for thii. part of the coasi had dropped into nt fltlllfr. r Ar. fVinmnilV. smUST' gler» to , the nobility, gentry and cleriB' . of;' Lyfrto Rcglfl niHl tho ' surroundiiia countiy. .Imnginr, therefore, what a blow, it wm to the district when the fatal ar rest happened, followed by tho dreadful dis covery of. tho sea water. So tliat, whonwe como honiB again, there were visit* paid to ui not only of congratulntion on our return, auo* condolence for jioor Jephthnh, but also oi bop* and temptation Mr. Molloek, J. P., walked all the way from Lyme on purpose to see his bid friend uguin, and to hint tbHt the 'naked 'condition of h:s cellar, as regarded . French- brandy, was deplorable. Tho Itev. Reiijaiiiin Burden, who, long boforo the end of Ihm'a two year*' cajnivity, had got through ' Ilia .four kegs, camo i o bay that ho was re duced to cider, and tkatof the thinnest. Dan received- thrao visitor* with great politeness, but hold out no liojies that tho old trade would bo revived. First, l.o said, tho Dancing Polly was gone; he shuuld never again find a bout he could trust so well; then his nephow, Joshua .Meecb, wns gone, pressed whil« busy with the l;eg»; though . how tlieni '? ? kegs turned Out to be Mi water he couldn't say; and Jophthafa va^ g4lie; nnd he was getting old, and a sec mid cbnviction nieaut a capital. ' wnteiice. Then his money in John Huutspill's liandt was bringing him n little income by itself, and he liad given his promise not to smuggli nnymorc. . 1 think the old man had learned ? to liJokr- on smuggling, compare-l with th- great gnmo of wnr, as ;i small thing. It wa«. strange to come hack to this queer atmosjilier*; in which i-rimo *appearo-l no siu aud- law breaking was rncouraged by the ad-' lnirfjstrators 'of the huv. The strangeueai jiussud off after awhile, and then tho two years of life in the stately house of the old city square appeared, in its turn, dreamy and unreal. Wo came hack to the old plaeo, and began ; in a. broken winged way to resume tho old ways. 'Tiii/n, iiutilrully, f began to inako the house aud tho housekeeping more iu accord ance/with my recently acquired ideas. Das acquiesiccd, wondering; Job tried to adtfpt himself to my ways with the good will which always distinguished him, but with less suc cess. lie betook himself to Workon the farm, aud in assuming the smock frock immedi ately changed, just as he used to do, tho loll of the lailor for the slouch of the laborer. John lluntxpill wrote to ine from time to time. Madam made im sign of relenting. Bhe never asked for newi of niu; she had .withdrawn, her conlidcuoe from him; shi never spoke to any ono about her son; she sat silent all the day loir;, pale and stern. Hei heart was full of bitterness. When Dan began to talk about Joshua, nnd to regret tho misfortunes which befell him, I considered that it would bo well to conceal my sharo in them, nnd th? fact of his treach ery. When he camo home again— should he ever conio home — it would be timo to con sider Iwbat steps should bo tuken. For the present it Sccined better to leavo tho old man iu the belief that Joshua's troubles wero un deserved. Indeed, it would have been diffi cult to persuado him that his own nephew could, be guilty of so I'oul and dastardly o criinc. For 1113- own part, I hoped that he would nover conio home again. 'A lifo for a life,' I said bitterly. 'As he destroyed inj Will's life, so let his bo taken away.' - It'was'in tho dark days of December that w* came nack to llousdnn. The wintry wqather suited tho misery of my mind. Yel after a time the old clmnn of the sea fell upon mo and soothed 1110. D:m painted aud calked the little boat I put out to sea in her again during tho soft, smooth mornings common iu winter 011 the south coast, when the sun float) bathed iu a soft yellow .niLst, itself a disk o( molten gold; when, if you see a boat, her masts and hull aro wrapi-ed round with a yellonjlinreVliko'thoso of a float iu a dream. (Sometimes Dan caino with me, and wo sailed or rowed; sflcut, thinking of the days that could como 110 more. 'There wns 110 ono like liim,' said Dan, one day when we had beon sitting quiet in tho boat for an hour and more. 'There nover was no 0110 like liim, nnd never will be. Joshua had liis good points. For a rough night at sea and a ready hand, Joshua liovcr bail his equal. But Jrsluia was grumpy. He took after his father in such respects. Now Mr. Campion, ho was always laughing, ». always talking, always ready to dora haud'i ? turn for everybody. Nobody like hlnv And 'to! think of' ? .vK^'Don't, Dan! don't!' I murmured with the ! tears 'coining into my eyes, . We had a dreary Christinas that winter, though after service in the poor old barn, Which had gone nearly roofless since Dan went away, the Rev. Mr. Burden camo to take bis dinner with us. A turkey from th c farm yard furnished tho meal, and after ward Dan, with a guilty look, produced a bottlo of rtini. Mr. Burden shook his head sadly, but spent the rest cf the day . over the drink in company with Dan, and departed in the evening with legs which showed a ten dency to tio themselves into knots. :7 Then the days began to grow longer, and tlie spring flowers appeared on the Undorcliff, till allahe ground was covorod with tho pule primrose. It must havo been about this time ? that every thing began to look as if it belonged ton dream. . 1 am not sure when tbat strange feeling began; I knew, howerer, that Dar used to follow me about, and was loath to lu' 'ido go out of his sight, for fear, I suppose ^ that; being in this dreamy way, I might fall into mischief and do myself some injury, i' Also, he began to talk of doctors, and going ''to Lyme for a change, l'oor aid Dan! ? Ttio placo was so quiet, so remote from all external influence*, that one fell back easily upon 0110's own brooding thoughts; 1 bad 110 duties and no distractions. Dan was not a 1 great talker, nnd Job was actually dumb, so ! tliat I lived in a dmini, and it was a dreum jof .'thepast. i',;; Ohe night I could not sleep. It was in the 1 mlddlt-:of -August, when there is little dark uees on tho sea, but only a lumlnotu twilight. I rose about midnight, nn-i dressed myself quickly, thinking I shou'il crape Dun's at \- tintlons, and stolo down stairs into the open 'air, just as I bad: dono two years and a hall before, to watch for tho returii of tho Danc ing Polly. It was not, as then, a reugh and boisterous night; there had been all day a ' fresh breeze blowing from the southeast. ''This had died away anu there was little air left. I slowly passed down the well known path, to sit. by tho shore and think of my ' poor dead AVill. I sat there while tho night slipped away. I was lacing the mouth of the ; little 'crcek,' looking straight out to sea. r -..When tho morning bi oke there was a light fog upon tho water, which tho; tun, wlier. it rose, colored with a beautiful 'hue, changing every minute. ' I 'remembered then— heaven knows howl— tlint it wi.i the 14th of August, nnd tlirco *3 ears, riifcc llret I saw 'niy Will. As I gazed seaward,. looking through tho fog, I bccamu awwc efngtirit. I It wns tho ghost of about shining in the golden inist, nil gorgeous with colors. Tho hull was yellow and bluo nnd crimson, tho colors changing every moment; th« sail looked liko a sheet ot azure silk, and tho fplrlt who stood behind tho mast — it was tho spirit of my Will— was all glorified. I stood qiiito still, fearing that tlfu vision would fade. I had often, before tlii.-*. wen him in drcrnns of tho night, but never 111 the broad dav, and -in drenins he vanished so swiftly that I '-onld never lind time to speak to him. Tho bout teemed, at first, to 1k- floating oh the wutrr— but sh« -was not. In the light air of tho morning she was slowly making for the land; anil presently slio passed through the mist, ami lost all the gorgeous colors which the fog had lent her. But the ghost of my Will re mained, pale, as all gho.iti of drowned men should bo. lie saw me, as the bow of tho libat grated on the stones— lie cried my 1111111c— ho threw tip bis anus — he leaped ashore. 'Oh, Willi Will!' I cried, railing upon my kucs3 beforo him, 'let me sj-ea!c to you. I)o not go away, as you do in tlio dreams. Let me « poult to you. I know you would somci day think of mo and come up from I ho grave. Oh, what am I to say, now you are here? What can I saj-, dear Will! ]-oor Will! my ?dead love, my lost darling! como from heaven to comrort my p'.'Ji' heart! Oh, it is breaking! Will, it is breaking with grief nnd pain!' 'Pleasnnce,' ho cried, lifting mo in his strong arms and foldin.; 1110 to his heart, 'Pleasance, I am not dead — I am no ghost, my darling. I am conio back to you again, alive— alive. Can you not understand/ Oh, my love, my darling!' 'i'leftsancc, lam not dead!' I could not understand at first, nor for many days afterward. But joy does not kill. Will had, it is quite true, fallen .overboard. ?But ho was picked up by a French chnsse mnreo, and tnken to France, where I10 lived among the flshormen, 110 ono' betraying him, till he could persuade ono of them to trust him with a boat. He promised a la'rgo price, should ho reach England in safety. It is needless to soy that ho kept his promise. When I wns able to li- len to it ail— when I could sit with my hand ill his, in such happi ness as never any other girl, I believe, expe rienced— 110 began to talk about our man iago 'Ho wanted to see his mother, but he would tell her himsolf, not writo to her. And ho could not go, ho said, unless I would go with him. What could 1 say ( Of couVse wo were married,' just as lie wished, he and I, in Reus ilon church, by tho Rev. Benjamin Burden, Will doffed his wiilor clothes for the first time, nnd appeared dressed as a gentleman. Dan gnvo me away. It was agi- eed that wo should ride straight from tho church inlo Lyme, and thence post direct, without stop ping, to London. Wo left Dan und Job and tho poor old rec tor at tho door of tho ecclesiastical barn. Will lifted mo into tho saddle and wo rod# »iov/ly away, poor old Dau crying and Will promising soon to bring 1110 back. Wo had ridden half a mile or soon our wny along tho Seaton road, when I saw bofore 1110, just be fore you como to Col way lane, a figure which seemed fnnvillnr to me. It was, indeed, only a part of a figure, consisting of a man's trunk and a couple of very short wooden stumps, on which tho owner was pegging his way, literally, with uncommon vigor. 1 was right. Tho back of tho man was familiar to me, for tho face, when wo camo up with its owner, was tho t'aco of Joshua Meecn. Ho looked around at tho sound of tha horses' feet. At first ho did not recognito us. I was dressed io ft dark green riding habit, and woro a veil. 'Joshua,' I said, softly, 'do you not re uicml-erus!' 'Joshua Meecb, my boy,' cried Will, who know nothing of what hud happoned. 'How goes it, mate) Where did you lose your legs, lnaui'' 'Where a good many lost their heads, Mr. Campion'— ho spoke quite choerfully, while a horribly guilty feeling seized me — 'at Tra falgar. Glad to see you safe homo again, sir. Tho villain who did the mischief, ne'e well punished, lie is; and servo him right.' Now 110 one, except myself, evor knew who tho villain was. Later on, when Dan came to see us ' In Lon don, ho had a good deal to tell of Joshua. Tno mill was set going again, after ho found liis money by means of .1 mysterious letter Willi 11 London postmark. It' lind be come ruinous, but tho wheels were there, and Joshua began again to practice his ancient craft. Ho went 110 longer to chapel, but bo canio a linn pillar of the Established church, lmving been converted oil board ship. Tho way of his conversion wns simple. Ha once, in his early days aboard, began to argue a point with tha chaplain, who was so amazed at tlio audacity of n common sailor pretend ing to be skilled in theological subtleties, that he complained to tho captain. The captain, a choleric man, ordered an application of the only remedy then employed for offeusw nnd disorders ntsen — three dozen. Beforo tho first dozen had lwcn received Joshua felt conviction pouring In. About midway through the second, thSforco of the conviction was irresistible. By the end of the third I10 had steadfastly rosolved on nd hcriug, whilo 011 board, to tho Gliurch of England nnd Ireland, as by law established. And after coming aslioro lio continued this godly habit. It is the last scene ot my story. A bright morning in autumn, tvlien oven tho city houses look pleasant, and tho trees in tho city churchyards havo not yet lostthoir leaves, and are pleasant to the eye. Wj go to the house in tho square, Will and I, fol lowed by John Huutspiil. Madam has not gono to Cliertsey this year. There aro no servants to meet us. John has taken care of that. Wo cross tho hall and mount tho stairs, covered with their thick Turkey carpets, which deaden overy footfall. On tho landing wo can look into tho great room which madam always uses as her own. Wo can see madam herself, sitting by tho window, pale, rigid and stern. No 0110 moves, 110 ono whispers. Tho Uars com,', into Will's eyes as ho looks upon his mother. Presently John Huntsplll tak«e my hand and leads me quietly into Hie room. Madam looked up iu her quick, interroga tive fashion. 'It Is I, madam,'- said John. *1 s tbero anything of importance, John Iluntspilll Unless you havo news to toU me, why do you comei And who is with youl' 'I linvo to say n thing ot great importance, madam. 1 bring with 1110 a girl who lias suf fered much. I ask for your forgiveness for her, nnd for myself, for tho deceit wo prnc t'ced upon you.' 'Oil, madam!'— I knelt at her feet — 'we havo been very unhappy. Forgive 111c, and let us l-o as happy together— as wo call.' '1 said, Plcasancc,' she replied, 'thr.-t I would forgive you whin the sea gave up Its dead. But that will be long, pcrhnps, Wo should wait— till tho Judgment day. My dear, I forgive you, for the sake of him whom wo both loved. Pleasi'iice, child' — sho held out both her bands— 'como 'ind let us weep togetlior, and go 111 111011 mini; and sorrow all our ilnys.' 'Not in sorrow, madam. Oh! not iu soi» row, but in gladness. For Uok, the Lord is very merciful. The sea lias |,-iveti up its dead,' mid hero is your son home aii'ain, and iu your armsl' ? [To he Costixued.] ? ? 