Buying a Bustle. "' Tsthere anything else?" asked Adolphus McSloggerty, as he paused, pencil and tab let in hand, before the wife of his bosom. She was busy making a new gown, and Adolphus had offered to purchase some littl- trifles which she needed to complete the costume. He often did the shopping for her, like a dutiful young husband, and ,saved her a world of trouble, so she declared. He had become quite an expert at match ing ribbons and other trimmings, and his taste in colors, his wife said, was better than her own. He kept the run of bargain ad vertisements, and knew all about remnants and ruching and buckram and surah silk and button hole twist and the other gewgaws which go to make up the female form divine. She had given him a little order, and so when he asked her if there was any thing else, she said : "N-; yes, there is too. I need a new bustle." "A what, my dear ?" said Adolphus, thinking he had misunderstood her. "A new bustle, darling. The one I have now is out of fashion. I don't like the shape, anyway. I want one of those-Why Adol phus, what is the matter ?" she suddenly asked. She might well inquire. Adolphus, pale as a ghost, had suddenly sat down on the chair. ' Y-ou don't want me to go and ask for a bustle, do you ?" he asked, with a sickly prin. " Why, yes ; what is there'in that ?" " W-ell, I hardly thought men ever asked at a drapgr's shop for-for any such thing as-as that," he explained. "I thought that," she said "but, of corme, if you don't want to, why, I'll-do without," she added with that accent of resignation which women so frequently use, and which so ,'xasperates a man. " Oh, no-no-" Adolphus feebly began. " Very well," quickly said Marcella, " I, want one of those in semi-circular layers, made of wire spirals, small at the ends, and fat in the certre. You know wlat Imean, don't you, dear ?" " Of mcouse," said Adolphus, his pride somewhat touched by the detailed descrip tion of the desired article. " I'll get it, of course." He went away cheerfully enough; but his heart rather misgave him when he thought of the task of asking for the mys terious and unique article of feminine wear. He sought out his favorite- shop, purchased the thread 'and the ivory-white braid and some buttons, going from counter to counter, and putting off the dreaded purchase for the last. "That will he all, I think," he said non chalantly, and then added in an off-hand way, " Oh, by the bye, I wise to buy a--a bustle." The girl looked at him suddenly, but' Adolphus riveted his- gaze on a case of per-, fumery and bit his lip. "Next floor for the bustles," said the girl: in a tone of voice which Adolphus thought unnecessarily loud.' Several persons buying goods :near by. turned and lo)oked' at him. He walked hurriedly away and sought the upper floor. He saw nothing that looked like. bustles, and he approsched- a shop-, walker, and said in the softest of under* tones "I would. like to see some bustles." The shop-walker wheeled about and shouted like a colonel addressing a regiment "Miss O'Brien, show this gentleman some bustles I" M'Sloggerty could'have brained him on the spot, for every woman on the floor stopped buying to look at the man who had the nerve to buy a bustle. With his ears tingling and a burning face, poor Adolphus walked as bravely as he could across the what seemed to him a mile of floor- space, gazed at by hundreds of eyes, where a pretty girl with mahogany red dress and hair done up in a Sappho knot stood with a smile waiting for him. With a look in her eye that Adolphus thought was most devilish, she said " What did you desire ?" " A bustle," said Adolphus between his teeth.. "I beg pardon," with a deepening smile. "A bustle," faintly. "Oh, a bustle," she repeated in a. clear, distinct voice, glancing about her as she spoke. " Well, what sort of bustle do you want ?" and- she indicated a counter piled with strange wiry things. AdOlphus ex plained. The girl, with the most tantalising look, said they didn't keep that kind and she looked as if she was glad of it, By this time-four other girls had sauntered up as if they hbad just happened along, although Adolphus could have sworn that the chief of the inquisition had signalled'-them to ap proach. They whispered to each other and giggled a little, never taking their eyes off his face as he pawed over the wonderful additions to the female frame, seeking for a substitute for the design Marcella had de scribed. At length he shut his eyes, pnt out his hand, and elected the one he touched. " Gimme- that quick," he said chokingly. The girl, smiling most abominably, had the infernal machine wrapped up-for him, gave him his change, and.allowed him to hurry away, with a ripple of. laughter sounding in his reddening .ears. He was on the street before he noticed that his fearful purchase -was wrapped in paper almost transparent and nearly as fragile as tissue, He saw with alarm, too, that the bustle was so compressed that-it occupied only one-sixth of its natural space.- He thought it the safest to take the thing straight home, so he started for the train. At every step he could feel the steel springs and wires pressing against the ten der paper and threadlike strings which con fined them and he hastened his pace to avoid the accident which he felt sure was about to take place. He drew a long breath as-he gained his seat in the train, but his heart sank within him when he saw that the paper had given way at one- end, and that the steel bands were slowly resuming their nat ural position, and coining in to view. He grasped the end with both hands, but theie was a tearing sound, the whole package gave way, and'the infernal apparatus straightened itself out-with a triumphant twang at being released from the unnatural pressure. The sweat rolled down M'Sloggerty's. brow, and he groaned in anguish when a woman came to occupy the other half of the seat in which he sat. His contortions had now attracted the attention of the whole carriage, and be tween the tittering of the women and the sarcastic remarks of the small, boys he felt that :life, was becoming a burden. The cursed bustlp spread itself on every side, and he could have sworn that it measured seven feet from tip to tip. The guard came along and said something about that being no place for bird.houses, and that it should be taken to the luggage vap. In desperation the miserable man closed his eyes and waited for his station. When.be arrived he bolted out and never stopped running till he stood' before Marcella. The next day Marcella, at her mother's, declared betwden sobs that she had never heard such language from Dolphy before, and' her sympathetic parent said that she. would go' home and'live with her a month and that she would try and make things all right. 