The Mission, of Abuse. Two experienced politicians and a neophyte of the chameleon species nre now itinerating the central district. Their object is to counteract the splendid reception recently accorded to the Premier in the sumo district. Their methods are abuse, misrepresentation, and vitupera tion. The chief of tho trio has no policy of his own to put before tho country, so ho gives himself to the task of vilifying tho administration of those whom he 6eeks to displace. He dare not attempt to exhibit for public admiration the nerveless, invertebrate ghost of a policy ?which he has drawn in faint lines with trembling hand, but he tries to reduce to a ghostlincsB akin to .Ms own phuntusm the substantial work of his opponents. He docs not attack tho advanced policy indicated in tho programae Pf Ma rival, he assails with the savageness of an irato giiiit tho work which that rival has already accomplished. However congenial icono cltstic work may bo to a certain class of minds it is not always politic, because it is not always serviceable. Ambition for power should not mnko mi aspirant utterly unscrupulous as to the methods by which power is sought to be acquired. Neither ni\j friends gratified nov opponents won over by hursh and unpleasant attacks on the work, or the rbility for work, of the opposing side. Then, again, the lender who is con scious of his own strength should not deride nor underestimate the strength of his rival. Mere strength in a case of tins sort may mislead the strong man. !Not loss requisite nre honour ar.d patriotism. The exorcise of injudicious or uncon trolled vigour in dealing with a country's finances may be full of peril. Sir Thomas 31'llwraith is posing magnificently as the gi;mt financier. He is 'the incom parable ' in this respect. And he is over-brimming with contempt for the alleged incompetency of his opponents. Fortunately he has not presumed to assail tlie Honesty oi tlie present administration. On this point they are unassailable. Kot even tho man who is so eager to dispossess them of their seats and deprive* them oi their power, ventures to hint ut any prostitution of office for selfish aggran disement. They hare not sought to benefit themselves ov their relatives by wholesale alienation of the public estate, or by contracts in which their friends and relations have benefited. No, Sir Thomas ll'llwraith cannot find a vul nerable point' for assault of this kind. He has to content himself with tlie congenial gratification of sneering at their incom petency, and of misrepresenting the' results of their work. In this congenial work he has been assisted by the com petent Stevenson, and the incompetent Paul. If John Stevenson be strong ou any one point, it is on that of vituperation. He is strong on that. He has graduated in the academy of political abuse. Paul is a neophyte; but he is now in efficient hands, and if ho be an apt pcholar he will, ere the new Parliament meets, be qualified to take his seat on the belligerent side of the House. On Friday evening, at Emerald, Sir T. li'llwaith said to a public meeting, ' He would not refer to any work he had done himself, but to the errors and de linquencies of his opponents. That was a great deal easier.' Might he not have added, 'and a great deal more to his taste?' Is not this a noble mission for a man who is extolled as the ' greatest statesman in Australia?' He cannot expatiate on his own policy for the future ; ho has none. He still has preferences ; one especially, for land grant railways, which he was not bold enough to enunciate in his published iddress to the electors of Brisbane North, and to which he does not venture to give prominence in his electioneering speeches on this tour. Surely a great statesman who travels the country for the express purpose of depreciating the work of his opponents should have enough moral courage to preserve him from an expedient compromise with his own con victions. It borders closely on cowardice. Or, if not cowardice, it is expediency with an element of disingenuousues's in it. If Sir Thomas M'llwraith intend to re- introduce proposals for land-grant rail ways why does he not say so plainly and honestly;? Let this [battle bo fought on well-defined lines. Battering and be spattering of character by the respective leaders is neither dignified nor decisive. If the Leader oi the Opposition be dubious about his policy lie is not dubious about his capacity. The burden of his harangues in the central district is : ' The men in power are duffers; I am thoman to lift the country out of the mire and set it on a hill.' Anyway, he puts no bushel on the light of his own conceit. This self glorification, combined with the vilifica tion of his opponents, would be amusing were it less emphatic. But it is neither dignified nor convincing, nor even im pressive, when it is so manifestly rancor ous nnd so conspicuously interested. If the knight were zealous in another man's cause, or simply and solely in his country's interest, his exaggerations of merit on one side and his depreciation of merit on the other side might be tolerated, aye, might be persuasive ; but when accession to power is his primary object, unprejudiced people may be pardoned it' they discount his zeal and deplore his oversight of dignity and courtesy. In effect he says: 'Turn out those doltish crawlers who have muddled your finances ; put me in ; I will make thiiiga boom nnd square your income with your expenditure.' Tho public might reasonably look for this boastful ness of conceit on the part of some of the third-rate candidates who, self impelled by the force of self-conceit, arc offering their unwelcome services to an unappreciativc public. Sir Thomas M'll wraith's abilities arc not unappreciated. There is, therefore, the less need for him to proclaim ineni ana to eiuorce tueir wortli on the public ear. But, by many people in this colony, ability uncontrolled by patriotic purity is not absolutely approved. In our political leaders wo want strength so thoroughly combined with honesty that suspicion of corrupt use of power shall be impossible. We want also that these leaders shall be so disinterested in their patriotism that there shall be no need for any one of them to have to call attention to his worth, his honour, or his integrity. To earn confidence by integrity is infinitely better than self laudation. To win adherence by an appeal to the intelligence is better than to gain votes by nnappealto the passions. Tho irony of contempt may gratify men who are already prejudiced against the objects of the contempt, but it will exasperate unprejudiced men who, while asking for a fish, have a scrpent.thrown at them. A strong man weakens his physical force, his reputation for sagacity, and his cause, when in the blind fury of his frantic zeal he engages in pugilistic encounters with shadows. Sir Thomas is setting up bogeys for the sake of knock ing them down ; and he calls this elec tioneering ! 