THE MERCURY. HOBART MONDAY, APRIL 9, 1888. STORIES with a moral, and histories with a purpose, and the abominations of desolation As a rule, they both fail to accomplish their aim, but they do a great deal to render plain things confused, and to mislead people as to the facts which it is essential they should know. In the best of cases, the writer must find it very difficult to tell the truth and tell no more, for every man has some acquired prejudices, or lacks the faculty of perceiving what is before his eyes, or within the grasp of his understanding. When HAMLET'S mother refuses to believe in the presence of the ghost, and says, " Yet all that is I see," she laboured under the defect from which so many suffer, of believing that they can see all that is to be seen, when, in fact, there is a whole class of things, or even whole classes, which they are not able to see at all This has been illustrated by the case of the artist as compared with the ordinary observer The artist not only sees an expression on a face, or a scene in the country, but the knows what lines go to make up the expression and the scene, and is able to reproduce them The ordinary observer does not see all the lines, he only knows that a certain expression is there, but not why it is there. If we apply this to every-day life, it will at once enable us to account for many things which were previously inexplicable, but will certainly, soften any feeling of indignation against those whom we may have regarded as refusing to admit what appear to be plain truths to ourselves The observer has but to listen to take a familiar example, to politicians to discover that very few, if any of the have really mastered the cases with which they deal in a very positive manner CARLYLE'S description of the mind of VOLTAIRE applies to them, though, no doubt, with a difference. CARLYLE says that VoLiAiitE always saw a portion of the truth, that is, he seized upon one aspect of the question, though the whole and vital truth ky generally deeper than ( he is ever was able to reach. Is not this the case with politicians generally Do we not find tuena dealing with what, we may call the jutting portions of a subject, seizing: hold of a point here "GB- . JI -CBS lying tV He and à;Toiiit^tlirare, but; not actually sumuHtig up the subject, nhd'acibg: pp viewed the whole truth I VWereajps not the case, there woùldjMt-^p_s.a many differences tej|ard_to-public, matters, and to, historical and other subjects. .. Common-sense - inky be defined to be the faculty of seeing things as they are, a-faculty which is often very largely developed in business men in their dealings with business affairs, but which does not serve them when they get out of the groove in' which their interest and their experience lie. It is for this reason that we find such nonsense talked and written by these men of business when they go into politics, or deal with art, with history, or with poetry. Strangers All will appear to some, we think that we could show that the clearest vision is possessed by the true poet, that he is the one man who sees things as they really are, which is why' he is able to sing songs by which men are " wrought in sympathy with hopes and fears they heeded not SHAKESPEARE was 'the supreme poet, and the particular faculty which he possessed in the highest degree was that of seeing things as they are, so that he appeals to each man to have studied the one thing that he knows, and has been credited with making special studies of all > sorts of things, when he looked on them all alike! , , , History unconsciously blessed is bad enough, but history consciously blessed is the devil himself. Yet millions of children are trained year by year to believe, in things which are not true, and which the writers of them in many cases know not to be true. In France, we suppose, there is hardly a child, and very few grown up persons, who do not believe that the man-of-war La Republique went down with the crew standing to their guns, and sing- ing La Marseillaise. CARLYLE was forced to explode the story, which was deliberately, with many other things, invented to amuse the people and satisfy wounded honour, but the Frenchman could be got to help in this labour of truth. The French- man' practically said so in hoc error, error lubenter, even as' CATO is made to say about a future state, The school books used in the United States give astounding accounts of the relations of the British and the Americans, in which, we may be sure, the ' British and but a very small figure indeed. We suppose that nine persons out of ten believe that the rebels now the battle of Bunker's Hill, and no wonder, for the Americans talk and act as if it was one of their great victories. But, if we want to see, how history can be diverted, if not perverted, we have but to examine those books which relate to I MARY Queen of Scots, who has been made out to be a saint and something considerably less than an honest' woman, generally according to the religion of the writer. But, perhaps, the most striking example of all is, a French History of the Crimean War, which we find, was won quite without any help from the British at all. We have recently had the privilege of reading a history of the Irish in' Australia, as well as some account of early Victoria by Sir CHARLES GAVAN DUFFY, in whom, many of the most eminent Irishmen in Victoria did not at all believe. Amongst other things, we find some account of exploration, with a high eulogium on Mr O'HARA BURKE, who was the leader of a now famous expedition. No one desires, of course, to say a word against BURKE, who was a man of courage, devotion, and ardent zeal, and whose death with that of his companions was deplored alike by men of all nationalities. But when we are asked to regard him as a model leader of an exploring party, we feel that too great a strain is put upon us, for that is precisely what he was not. We remember, too, that there was a host of other ex- ] plorers, such as STURT, OXLEY, KENNEDY, LEICHHARDT, FORESTER, GILES, WARBURTON, and many more, nearly all superior to BURKE in the particular qualities required for such work, and we ask, what can be the use of writing such partial accounts to practically mislead the' readers i Again, we find a great deal about LALOR as the leader of the party in the Eureka Stockade, and' a lot of unmitigated nonsense about the fight there, but we only hear of the Irishmen and nothing about Boss, a noble young Canadian, and many others who played their parts equally Well on that memorable occasion We might go on giving illustrations of the practical falsity of such histories, which raise certain persons to undue prominence, especially by referring to the method of writing history not unfrequently practised in the United States, but we need not proceed further, since it is plain that any history or any account of any event which is written to serve a particular purpose, is necessarily false, and nearly always pernicious. We have said nothing about local politics, because the tendency is always to deal with them from a party point of view, and due allowance is made for the fact, but it is a serious matter when his tory is perverted and facts so garbled that people are made to believe that BACON wrote SHAKESPEARE'S works, and that the British people belong to the lost tribes of Israel. THE question of the extension of the system of Responsible Government to West Australia is still agitating the minds of the people of that colony and has formed the subject of several despatches between the GOVERNOR and the SECRETARY of STATE for the Colonies. It cannot be said that there is anything like unanimity in favour of the proposed change, as some rather numerously signed petitions have been presented against it, but there is little room for doubt that there is a considerable majority in its favour, and the concession asked for is merely a matter of time. The chief trouble now is to decide upon the precise form the new constitution shall take. The colonists of West Australia have before them the history of Responsible Government in the other colonies, and they are, naturally, anxious to steer clear of the . shoals and quicksands which their Eastern neighbours have had to encounter in working under a constitutional system based for the most part on that of the United Kingdom i and yet differing from the some very essential particulars. It! cannot be said that the despatches of Sir HE1^É°LÉM1W lay' Í'ecembcr,4*7; art. splitters, 888, haversacks to helping' 'West Australians out or their difficulty. JDn^thu..contrary,-judging-from the tone of the Cross generally in that 'colony evidently articles that have appeared in. the Western Mail in particular, it J appears that although' differences of opinion exist as to whether the time is rife for, the establishment of Responsible Government in West Australia, there is a general agreement that the scheme outlined in the despatches referred to I would be far from satisfactory and, in fact, would prove thoroughly unworked able. This much at least may be gathered from the following resolutions which were tabled by Mr. S. H. PARKER in the Legislative Council on the 12th March :-" (1) That to indicate at the present time the possible future boundary of a Northern political subdivision of the colony would be premature, and open to serious objection, and that in any case, the line suggested by the SECRETARY OF, STATE would be most undesirable. " (2) That special statutory reservation to H.M. Government in the Constitution Act of power to control legislation affecting Northern lands is unnecessary, the Crown having a right of veto upon all such legislation. (3) That the, proposed arrangement for funding the proceeds of Northern lands with a view to their future local use would be a needless complication, the regulations lately sanctioned by the Secretary of State not contemplating the alienation of those lands except in townships and in special areas. (4) That the constitution of the colony should from the first provide for the establishment of a Second Legislative Chamber. "(5) That the Second 1 House of Western Australia should be elected by the people. (6) That in view of persistent differences of < opinion disclosing themselves between the Legislative Chambers, it is highly desirable that definite provision should be made for the peaceable and final settlement of disputes, and at the same time for preserving the co-ordinate powers and equal authority of the two 1 Houses in the passing of laws (7) That no ground whatever of necessity has been shown for placing the interests of the aboriginal population in the hands of a body independent of the local Ministry." These resolutions may be said to fairly cover the ground traversed by Sir HENRY HOLLANDS despatches, and at the same time they ex 1 press the views of the representative men of West Australia. With respect to resolutions Nos 1, 2,3, and 7, it may be said that they are only what might be expected from a people who, believing in their capacity to govern themselves, naturally object to the acceptance of a gift hampered with restrictions, which imply a doubt as to whether they are likely to make a good use of it. At the same time there can be little doubt that what has taken place in the Eastern Colonies will some day take place in West Australia, and that colony will be subdivided into two or more colonies, but sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof, if it be an evil, and the West Australians may fairly claim the same privilege that was accorded to the Eastern colonies, viz., that of providing for present requirements and leaving future developments to be dealt with when the occasion arises. With regard to resolution No. 4, in favour of the establishment of a second Legislative Chamber, there can hardly be any, question that in insisting upon the necessity of having two Chambers, if they are to have Responsible Govern- mental all, the public men of West Australia have shown themselves wiser than the Secretary of State for the Colonies, who suggested that they might begin with %oue Chamber but make provision for a second at some future time. It argues the possession of a very imperfect knowledge of human nature to suppose that if a Legislative Assembly, House of Assembly, or any other body elected by the people were entrusted with, and for any time enjoyed the sole controlling power, that it would ever consent to the creation of another Chamber, whose functions would be to revise, correct, and, if necessary, 'annul the decisions of the Assembly. If Sir HENRY HOLLANDS suggestion therefore were adopted, a mistake would be made at the initiation of Responsible Government, which it would afterwards be found extremely difficult, if not impossible - to rectify. The view that is taken of the matter by the leading public men of West Australia may be gathered from the very forcible manner in which the case is put by the Western Australian (7-" A full and exhaustive consideration," says our contemporary, of all the arguments which can be brought to bear for or against a second Chamber is anxiously awaited by the country. If the decision of the Council be in favour of another House, we trust the reasons given will be unanswerably convincing. If their verdict be the other way, the country will still more importunately demand the grounds of their conviction. They will ask to have it explained why, in obedience to an imaginary, and at most a temporary exigency, as regards the supply of public men, the claims of a long future should be sacrificed to the difficulty of a moment. They will want to know why the teachings of experience, the reasonings of analogy, the dictates of caution, the practice of nearly every English-speaking community-the case of Ontario is too inappropriate to be more than mentioned-the example of our kinsmen in the other Australian States should all be set aside, in deference to the untried whim of some Radical ex perimentaliss. For our own part, we hesitate to believe that the first step taken by West Australians in the path of self-government will be one of such rashness and temerity as would more than anything else raise a doubt in most men's minds, whether we really understood or were fit for the duties of Responsible Government." CABLE LAWS-The German betrothal business; is the exciting topic of the hour. Prince Alexander of Battenberg desires to be betrothed to the Prussian Princess Victoria Bismarck says it must not be permitted. and threatens Wrcatgrii'lkt which resolve all Europe stands aghast, at least 39 (say, cable messages The Em perorTrederIckJJsays the "betrothal must be per mitted, and the Czar of Russia, who was supposed to be most immediately concerned UiJt'io question whether Prince Alexander, whose actual rank and yearly pay is that of a lieutenant in the army, should marry one of the interminable breed of German princess, is said to be indifferent whether it happens or not. He poses for the moment as the one sensible personage in Europe. The Italian troops are being withdrawn from Abyssinia just in time to miss the broiling of an African summer campaign. "A little affair has occurred in Morocco. All American? Jew, or rather a Jew living under American protection, has been imprisoned at Morocco, and, failing to release American, ships threaten) to bombard Tangieisin''thc Straits of Gibraltar. This item of news seems to need confirmation. The Malay inhabitants of the Sooloo Islands, an East Indian Archipelago, between Min- dance and Borneo and the Celebes have revolted against the Spanish inhabitants and caused Isomo slaughter. A military expedi- tion! to retaliate and restore order, is being despatched from Manilla, the capital of the Philippine Islands, > VISIT FROM RovAwr.-The following paragraph is going the rounds of New Zealand papers, and apparently causing a little flutter of excitement.-" it is understood that the Queen has at present under con- s 'oration the advisability of the Duke and Duchess of Connaught visiting Australia during the Melbourne Exhibition Season. Their Royal Highnesses themselves are most anxious he should consent to the plan, but nothing had been mottled up to date. The proposed tour includes brief trips to Tasmania and New Zealand. DELIVERY OF MAILS The residents of the centre of the city along Elizabeth- street are complaining of the late delivery of their letters, particularly on days when the mails from Melbourne, via Launceston, arrive. On those occasions they do not receive their letters till 11 or H'lS a.m., though within two minutes walk of the Post Office, while those residing in Macquarie and Collins streets receive their letters an hour or an hour and a-half cor Her. If, as alleged, this is occasioned by the department being short handed the convenience of a large number of citizens should demand the employment of an extra letter carrier. PASSBNOKRS nr COASTING STEAM KM - With reference to a letter in Saturday's , issue as to the relative number of passengers 'the authorities allow the SEE'S Koonya and Wakefield we are informed by the Marine Board officials that " Commerce " has not correctly stated the facts, having given the gross tonnage in one case and the IrogUtvrodin another, and having misstated [the number of passengers the Wakefield is allowed to carry. According to official records in the Marine Board office, the Wake fill 1 has a registered tonnage of 53 tons, land is allowed to carry 28, and the Koonya is registered at 81 tons, and is allowed to carry 32 passengers. In both cases the number includes the crew, and the number allowed does not depend altogether on the size of the vessel, as the certificates state " if proper accommodation is provided." THE MARKET WHARF AND FISHERMEN'S DOCK conference of representatives of the City Council and Hobart Marine Board was held at the offices of the latter body on Saturday morning, to endeavour to arrange the terms upon which the board should transfer to the council the Fisher- men's Dock, in exchange for the Market , Wharf. The Mayor and Aldermen Biddle stone and Reynolds represented the council, and the Master Warden and Wardens Facy and Wise the Marine Board. After negotiations had proceeded sufficiently far to obtain a clear view of what each side desired, the conference adjourned to enable a consulta- tion with the Minister of Lands as to a point which cropped up in considering the question. The conference will meet again next week. MUNICIPAL. - The Municipal Council will meet this afternoon, at the Municipal Council-chamber, at 4 o'clock, when the following business will have consideration, besides subjects that may require prompt attention during the sitting so sorts from the various committees, as follows Public Works : Letter from Mrs. Ellen Brown re drain corner of Argyle and Collins streets ; letter from Mr. li. Westbrook are briars in Hill-street. Public Works, Water Works, and Sewerage : Letter from the Director of Waterworks with reference to his supervision at the reservoir works. Markets : Letter from the clerk of Markets > e Bhcd destroyed by fire. Police : Letter from Mr. William De Quentin Browne with reference to the Street Crossings By-law. Business for Local Board of Health: To receive report from the Health Committee on the letter from the Central Board of Health > e rupert by the Engineering Inspector, i ROAD 'TRUST ELECTIONS. -The Upper Derwent Road Trust election is to take place at the Police Station, Glenora, at i*30 p.m. to-day, and to-morrow at 11 a.m. the Port Cygnet Landholders are to meet at Dovercux'B Public Hall, for the purpose of holding the annual election of road trustees for that (district.: The election for the Augusta road district is to be held on Tuesday, the 17th inst., at the Trustees office, Stephen-street, to elect two trustees in place of Messrs. Alexander Strathern and Carries Street, junr., who retire but are eligible for re- election. The nominations are to be sent into the chairman before 4 o'clock on Thursday next. 1 GENEROUS PUBLIC Mail-The ratepayers in the district of Oatlands ought to feel deeply indebted to their municipal councillors for the generosity displayed by them at their meeting on Saturday last. The occasion was the fixing of the general rate for the current year, and the council found itself face to face with a deficit in their balances Bli set which had to be provided for in order that the financial year might be brought to a close with a reduced overdraft, and, if possible, the next year started with a credit The only way to bring about the desired object was either by the imposition of an extra penny on the ratepayers, or making a reduction of salary was paid to the councils officers, The Warden suggested 20 per cent, off the salaries for six months, and asked the council clerk if he would be agreeable to having his salary cut down to that extent, at the same time remarking that he would give up an equal percentage of his own salary. Mr. Taba it heroically consented to have the amount lopped off his six months' pay, and then Mr. J. C Lord, the Treasurer, imbued with the same good nature, stated that he would do his work for the year without remuneration. This generosity would, of course, bring the expenditure for the year downcousideiably.but something more was required, so it was decided to give the police notice that a reduction would be made in their salaries. As the deficit had been caused through the erection of police buildings, etc., it seems rather hard that the officers of the municipality should be called upon to make it good, especially as the ratepayers have value for the money expended, but the councillors were of opinion that, as times were bad, the ratepayers should not be more heavily burdened with taxation, and they therefore decided to make their officers pay a share of it, whilst at the same time the Walden and treasurer agreed to accept reduced salaries STATE SCHOOL Arroi.sTMENTS.-Tho following appointments and transfers in connection with the State school teaching staff have been confirmed by the Executive : Horace Ferguson, paid monitor, Stanley ; James Baillie, pupil teacher, Bathurst street, Hobart ; Miss Tunbridge, paid monitor, Bream Creek ; Mr. W. M Holmes and Miss Holmes appointed to Hamilton School, vice Mr Robertson deceased ; Mr. J. H Ozanne, transferred from Fern Bank to charge of school at Chudleigh and Mr. W. Schultz appointed teacher of drawing, to., under the Technical Committee at Launceston, I BENEVOLENT SOCIETY. - The quarterly meeting of the General Committee of the Benevolent Society is to be held to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock. The place of meeting is at the society's room in the depot, Bathurst -street, and the hon. secretary reminds resident Ministers of all denominations, that they are ex- office members of the committee. '_ Y.M.C.A.-Last Saturday evening's Gospel temperance meeting was much helped by the presence of Mr. W. Blackett, in the chair. ' He gave an address which was much appreciated. Mr. Hooker, a stranger, gave an interesting recital and a few words on temperance. The audience ' were much pleased with a pathetic recitation by Miss farnsfield. A "Contradictory' Corpso," a comic Irish story, was read by Mr. McCourt. The meeting was opened and closed with prayer, and Sankey's hymns were sung. Miss Richardson kindly presided at the harmonium. Disappointment was felt at the absence of some ladies who had promised to slug. sUNDAY LECTURES. Yesterday afternoon Mr. Chas. F. Reeve lectured on the sixth and seventh chapters of the Epistle of Romans. Man's annexation with sin, through the law, and freedom achieved in Christ," were dismissed at Home length. k RAILWAY FOOTBALL CLUB.-The annual meeting of members of the Railway Football Clubs to, be held in the committee rooms Town Hall, this evening, at 8 o'clock sharp. The secretary requests a good, attendance of, members; and of any others who, intend looting the dub. [(J i mull . Li >,"" SurmtMK COURT. - A sitting of the Supreme Court in its Small Debts Act Jurisdiction will open at Hobart before Mr. Justice Dodds at 10 a.m. to-morrow morning, when the following cases will come on for hearing Jarvis ii, Raynor, goods sold, claim £80 193.; Mayor and Crs. v. Wickens, trespass, claim £20 ; Christopherson v. the (Helio Town Board, work and labour Police,' ' claim £100. . Cm- POMGK CounT. Messrs. Geo. Crisp and James Young', J's.P., were the presiding magistrates at this court on Saturday. Alice Stokes and Bertha Fox, pleaded guilty to a charge of having been drunk and disorderly in the public streets. The former, who is an old offender was mulcted in a penalty of 20s. 6d., with one month's incarceration in default, and the latter was fined 5s., with the option of 7 days. Mary Ann Rushford pleaded guilty to having disturbed the peace. A fine of 10s. Oil. with the usual alternative was imposed. Ada Clinton, for disorderly conduct, incurred a similar penalty. Wm. Dyson was brought up charged with larceny as a bailee of a gold watch, the property of Mr. S. P. Lawrence, in 1885. On the application of Supt. Pedder he was remanded until the 10th inst. Thomas Boston, a deserter from H. MS. Diamond, was ordered to be detained in custody, and handed over to H.M.S. Dart on her arrival. . George Atkinson, for having been drunk and incapable on the New Town Road, was fined 5s., with the alternative of 7 days. This was all the business. Parr. About half-past o'clock on Saturday evening a fire broke out in a room of a house occupied by a Mr. Chas. Walker in Ross-street: It appears that during the temporary absence of the parents the children got playing with a lighted candle, and the window curtains and a toilet cover were ignited, and were soon in a blaze. A railway employee, who was passing; heard the children screaming, and he burst open the door of the dwelling, and succeeded. in extinguishing the flames before further damage resulted. THEATRE ROYAL -The Silk stockings Company had very little reason to complain of the patronage accorded them on Saturday evening, nor had the audience the slightest cause for demur at the entertainment afforded. The bill of fare was brimful of amusement, interspersed judiciously with musical and vocal items of no mean order of merit. The quintette of vocalists would do credit to any operatic company, and might even with fair confidence essay high classical music Going to the other extreme, perfection there prevails. The comic element in good exponents. Hilarious fun without vulgarity prevails, and the audience laugh and are merry not from mere customary' habit, but because there is really something worth laughing at. The statutory performers are really good. -There is not much that can be said that has not been said a thousand times over about step dancing, but it can be said, most truthfully that the Silk Stockings Company comprise dancers who are un- excelled in their particular line. In gymnastics the Japanese performers, , father and son, are marvels. The" nature a little slender-built, gentlemanly-looking man of mature ages well on three score, it not more, has a lusty son well up to 12st. weight, and the way the old man calmly lies on his back, fanning himself, the while he mixes up his lusty son with an assortment of beer barrels and washing tubs, and kicks the whole lot about on the soles of his feet, is, to say the least, marvellous to behold. To-night the management announce an entire change, and the introduction of something entirely new. The Donaldson Brothers, two American acrobats styled the "Human Boa Constructors," will appear. They will arrive per s.s. Mangana this morning, and coming direct from America will make their first appearance in Australasia at the Theatre Royal. The performance of the Silk Stockings Company is limited to just six nights more in Hobart, Mr. Washington Solly, the smart and businesslike agent leaving by express this morning for Launceston to arrange for a season at the Academy. BAZAAR AT KINGSTON-On very successful bazaar, in aid of a fund for re-selling and repairing St. Clement's Anglican Church, Kingston, was held in the parsonage 911 Easter Monday and Tuesday, The gross receipts amounted to £48 4s. 3d. and after expenses were paid there remained a balance of £44 2s. 11d. The wives of the churchwardens acted as stall-holders, and in the performance of their duties were assisted by Mesdames Hazell, Jas. Lucas, and Misses Harris (2), Firth (2), and Lucas. The refreshment stall was presided over by Miss d. Lucas and Miss Hopwood. Amongst the numerous visitors, the attendance being good throughout,' were Lady Hamilton, Miss and Master Hamilton. During the progress of the bazaar music was supplied by the Misses Hazell, Firth, Osborne (from Hobart), and Lucas. The sales of fancy goods, etc., were conducted by Mr. J M. Fraser, and at the close of there was not a single article left for private disposal. The bazaar was instituted by the Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Pollard, and much credit is due to them for bringing it to so successful an issue. The rev. gentleman and his wife are leaving the district for an extended visit to the Old Country. They leave Hobart by the s.s. Wairarapa to morrow, en route to Melbourne, where they take passage home by the Orient liner Ormuz. The Rev. Mr. Pollard has been most assiduous in his care for the spiritual wants of the residents of Kingston and neighbourhood, whilst Mrs. Pollard has endeared herself to the hearts of all by her kindly and maternal disposition, Therefore the rev. gentleman and his wife carry with them the best wishes of those located in the district. 1 . . CALIFORNIAN QUAIL Mr. H. J Allen, of Huon Island,, who was in Hobart a few days ago, brought the pleasing intelligence that the Californian quail which were placed' on the island some few months back by the kind permission of Mr. Joseph Graves, the owner of the place, have bred. Mr. Allen says that a week or so agenda was walking across a portion of the' island when to his great satisfaction he put ' up a number of young birds, which were healthy and strong, about half-grown. This news should prove most welcome to sportsmen, as with care and a little attention, and also due protection, there is nothing now to prevent those hand- some little foreigners becoming plentiful in' Tasmanian covers in a few years times Both the owner, of the island and Mr. Allen deserve thanks for the interest and trouble they have taken in assisting to introduce this valuable addition to the game birds of this colony. Mr. Allan also states that since the island has been closed as far as shooting is concerned the brown quail have greatly increased there NKW.SI'AI'KB ENTKIU'KISK.-The following is from the British Times and Mirror. " A Dissatisfied Shareholder" has sent us the balance-sheet and report of a provincial, newspaper property in which he is interested, with a request that ¡tilmy'be"pub- lished so as to elicit information, on certain points which he specifies. ? We do not think it would be fair to print the documents, which refers to, a semi-private business,' although it is a limited liability company and issues a certain public journal. It may not, however, be amiss, as illustrating the cost of establishing a decent newspaper, to give a few of the figures. The company was started, only two years ago, for the purpose of publishing a Liberal weekly journal, with a share capital of £25,000. The whole of this has been sunk, there is a large debt due to the bank, and the directors urge the immediate raising of £10,000 in debentures in order to give the paper a further trial. AB it was started 1 with a distinctly political object, it is probable enough the money will be found. We only mention these facts to show how easy it is for dissatisfied people to talk, as they sometimes will do, of '' starting a new paper," as if it were the same thing as opening a grocery store, and as if it had not taken generations to build up the reputa- tion and success of existing journals. Nor will it now appear so surprising to laymen seeing that the establishment of a country I weekly paper involves the sinking of at least£35,000-that.£100,000-ia now-a-days not held to be too much for the foundation of a first-class daily journal,! a; 