That Unfortunate Marriage. BY FRANCES ELEANOE TROLLOPE, Author of ' Aunt Margaret's Trouble,' ' Like Ships upon the Sea,' '? Among Aliens,' &c;, &c.; Chapter XXXIV. Each mortal's private feelings are the measure of the importance of events to him. And it often happens that, while our neighbours are pitying or envying us, on account of some circumstance which, all the world agrees, must have a weighty bearing ou our fate, we are mainly indif ? ferent to it, and are occupied with some inner grief or joy, which would seem to them very trivial. To have received and rejected an offer of marriage from a man worth fifty thousand a year would have been deemed by most of May Cheffiugton's acquaintance about as im portant an event as could have happened to her — short of death ! But to her it was absolutely as nothing compared with the facts that Owen was on the point of returning to England, and that he was to live in Mrs. Bransby'e house. Why did this second fact seem to embitter the sweetness of the first ? No, it was not the fact, she told herself, that was bitter ; the bitterness lay in the manner of its coming ; to her knowledge. Why had not Owen written to her ? There could be no reason to conceal it .' Of course, none .' Owen was doing all that was right, no doubt. But to allow her to hear of this step for the first time from Theodore Bransby at a dinner-table conversation— this it was which irked her. So, at least, she had declared to herself last night. Then the tone in which her uncle and ?all of them had spoken of Mrs, Bransby and Owen bad jarred upon her painfully. Theodore had not joined in the tasteless banter; but then Theodore's way of receiving it — with a partly stiff, partly deprecatory air, as though there ... - could possibly be anything serious in it — was almost woise! The pathway of life which had stretched so clear and fair before her but a short while ago, seemed now to have contracted into tangled maze, in which she lost herself. The events of the morning had made May resolve that all secrecy as to her engagement must come to an end. She must see Owen immediately on his arrival in London. But how to do so? She did not know whether he was or was not in England at that very moment ! Well, at all events, she knew Mrs. Bransby's address, and could write to him there. This thought gave her a pang. And the pang was intensified by the sudden and vivid perception —as one sees a whole landscape by a lightning-flash out of a black sky — that it was caused by jealousy ! Jealousy! She, Alay Cheffington, jealous— and of Owen? Yes ; it might bo painful, humiliating, incredible, but it was true. The flash had been inexorably sharp and clear. ' To young creatures, every revelation that they— even (hey — are subjeot to the common woes, pains, and passions of humanity about which tliey may have talked glibly enough, is an amazement and a shock. Still earlier in our earthly course we doubt that Death himself can touch us. What child ever realises that it must die V It is only after many lessons that we begin to accept our share of mortal frailties and afflictions as a matter of course. Poor May felt sick at heart. Oh, if she could but see Granny ! She longed for the motherly affection which had nevor failed her since her father lei't her —a rather forlorn little waif whom no one seemed ready to love or welcome — in the old house in Friar's Row. - She thought that to sit quite still and silent by Granny's knee, while Granny's kicd old hand softly stroked her hair, would charm away all her troubles, or at least lull them to sleep. But for the present she could not rest. When she left her uncle, and felt secure from interruption in her own room, she sat down and wrote t«io lottcrs. The first was to Owen, begging him to come and see her without delay, and at the same time lelling him that circumstances had arisen which made it desirable tc declare their engagement. The second letter was to Granny. To Granny she poured out her gratitude. She thanked her and scolded her in a breath. Who had ever teen so generous, and bo careful to conceal their generosity? And yet Granny had done very wrong to make such a sacrifice as was involved in giving up the old home in Friar's Itow. 'Had I known this a week ago,' wrote May, 'I do * believe I should have tried to coax Mr. Bragg into break ing the lease, and making you go back to the old house which you loved. But I cannot ask any favour of Mr. Bragg niw!' Then she told her grandmother all about her interview witb Mr. Bragg, and her aunt'e bitter dis appointment, and her uncle's kind behaviour, although she could see that he was disappointed too. ' I wonder,' she added, ' if you will be as astonished as I was ? Perhaps not. I remember some thing6 you said when I told you lay grand scheme for marrying Miss Patty ! Oh, dear me, 1 feel like some one who has been walking in his sleep— calmly and unconsciously tripping over the most insecure places. But now I have been suddenly awakened, and I leel chilly, and frightened, and all astray.' WJieh she had written them, she resolved to post the letters hen-elf. Since she had volunteered to take her little cousins out for a walk occasionally, the stringent rule which forbade her to leave the house unattended by a servant had been relaxed -it was so very convenient to get rid of the little boys for mi hour or two at a time ! It left Cecile free to do a great deal of needlework, a large proportion of it ex pended on the alteration and re- trimming, and bo forth, of May's own toilettes. Mrs. Dormer-Smith was strictlycon scientious as to that; aud since May never went. beyond the limits of the neighbouring square, there could be no objec tion to I ho arrangement. One point, however, Aunt Pauline had insisted ou— that these walks should always take' place in the morning1, or at all events during that portion of the day which did duty for the morning iu her vocabulary. Tlie proprieties greatly depend, as we know, on chronology ; aud many things which are permissible before luncheom, become taboo iiumciialely after it. By the time May had finished her letters, however, it was well «u in thca!(emoon. Carriage* were rolling through the fashionable quarters of the town, and the postman's rat-a-tat sounded monstrously like a gigantic torn* torn, sacred to the. worship of society. May went downstairs, and opening the hall-door, found herself in the street alone, for the first time since she had lived under her aunt's roof. There was a pillar letter-box, she knew, not far distant. To this 6hc proceeded, aud dropped her letters into it. It had been a fine day for a Loudon winter ; but the last faint glimmer of daylight had almost disappeared as she turned to go back home. . There was an iiseeniblage of vehicles waiting before a house which she had passed on her way to the post-box. Now, as she relumed, there was a stir among them. Ser vants were calling up the coachmen, and opening and shutting carriage doors. A number of fashionably-dressed persons, 'mostly women, came down ihe fcteps of die house and drove away. May paused a moment to let a couple of ladies sweep past her on their Amy to their carriage. As she did so, she heard her name called ; and, looking round, she saw Clara Bertram's face at the window of a cab drawn up near the kerbstone. *' Is it really you ? ' exclaimed Ciara, as they shook hands. ' 1 could* scarcely believe my eyes ! What are you doing hero alone ? ' ' 1 have been posting some letters.' Then, reading an expression of suiprise in the other drVe eyes, she added quickly. ' You wonder why I should have doue so myself, i'or a simple reason : 1 did not wish the address of ouc of hem to be sceu. Eul Granny knows all about it.' ' I am quite sure, dear, you have some good reason fur what you have done,' answered Clara, in her quiet, sincere tones. 'And you?' asked May, 'AVhat are you doing here ? ' . ' I have been singing at a matinee in that house. I was just about to drive off, when I caught a glimpse of you. I was not sure that it was not your ghost in the dusk.' ' I suppose you are constantly engaged now ? ' ' Yes, I have a great deal to do.' ' Oh, 1 hear of you. Your praises are in every one's mouth. Lady Moppett declares you are rapidly becoming the first concert-singer ot the day.' She is as proud of you as if she had invented you ! Indeed, she docs say you are her ' discovery ' — as if you were a Polynesian Island. I could fiud it in my heart to envy you, Clara. It must be so glorious to be independent, and earn one's own living.' Clara smiled a faint ltttle smile. ' I am thankful to be able to earn something,' she said. ' But 1 don't think I should care so much about it if it were only for myself.' ' No, of course, dear. I know,' rejoined May quickly. She had been told that the young singer entirely supported an invalid father and sister. Then she added, «'? Your voice is a great gift. There are so few things a woman can do to earn money.' ' Why, one would suppose that you wanted to earn moiiey,' said Clara, smiling. ' Perhaps.' Clara looked more closely at her friend. The street lamps were now lighted, and she could see May's face distinctly. 'You arc not looking well, dear,' she exclaimed. 'You seem fagged.' 'I aui sick of London. I want to go home to Granny and be at peace,' answered May, wearily. Then she went on, quickly, to stave off any possible questionings as to her state of mind. ' But I must return for the present to my aunt's house. Good-bye.' ' Stay ! ' cried Clara. ' Will you not get into the cab, and let me drive you home ?' ' Drive ! It is* an affair of eonie two or three minutes at most.' ' Well then, if you have half-an-hour to 6parc, let me drive you round th*e square, and then drop youat home. 1 have been wanting for three or four days past to 6peak to you quietly. I can't bear to lose this rare opDortunity. Wo Co not meet very often.' Then, seeing that her friend hesitated, she asked, 'Are you thinking about the cost of the cab for me ?' ' Yes,' answered May, frankly. ' 1 thought so! That is just like you. But, indeed, you need have no scruples. The cab is engaged, for the afternoon. When I sing at people's houses, unless they send a carriage for mu, thu cab-fare is 'considered in my wages.' Do come iu.' May complied, and the cab moved away slowly. When they had proceeded a few yards, Clara said, ' I wauted to tell you— I think it right to tell you— something I have learned on good authority. Your father — 1 hope it won't distress you— is really married.' May's first thought was that here again her Aunt Pauline had deceived her. ' Are you sure ?' she asked. '? Yes, I think I may say so.' ' And how did you learn it ?' ' From Valli.' ' Oh, from Signor Valli ! But you told me he was not to be trusted.' ' In some ways not. But I do not doubt what he says on this subject. He has no motive to invent. He cares nothing about the matter, except that 1 think be rather likes La— Mrs. Cbefiington than not.' ** Is she a foie:gner?' asked May, with a little more interest tnan sne naa mtnerto snown. ncr listless way oi receiving the news had surprised her friend. ' Yes, an Italian. At least, sbe is an Italian by language, if not by law; for she conies from Trieste. But she is almost cosmopolitan ; for she has travelled about the world a great deal. She is, or was, an opera singer. Her name in the theatre is Bianca Moretti. She was rather cele brated at one time.' Clara paused a moment, and then added, ' I hope this news does not grieve you, dcar'r' ' No,' answered May, dreamily. ' It does not grieve me. If my father is content, why should I grieye ? lie and I have been parted— in spirit as well as body — for to many j ears, that his marriage can make but little differ ence to me.' ' I was afraid you might feel Of course, Captain Cheliiug ton's family will look upon it as a dreadful mesal liance.' May was silent for a few minutes. Then she said a very unexpected thing : ' Poor woman ! 1 hope he is good to her.' ' I suppose,' said Clara, rather hesitatingly, ' that the reason wliy Captain Chetfington has not announced his marriage to his relations is that he thinks they would object to receive an opera-singer.' ' Possibly,' answered May. (In her heart she thought ' the reason is that he cares nothing for any of us.') ' It must be that,' proceeded Clara. *? For as far as I can make out there seems to be no concealment about it in Brussels.' Then they arrived at Mrs. Doimer-Smith's house, and May alighted and bade her triend farewell. ' Thank you, Clara,' she said, ' ior telling me the truth. I loathe mysteries and concealments. When one thinks of it, they are despicable.' ' Unless when one conceals something to shield others,' suggested Clara, gently. She had told her friend what she believed to be the truth so far as the fact of her father's marriage was* concerned. But she had not given her all the details and comments which Signor 7ValJi had imparted to her on tlie subject. His view of the matter was not flattering to Captain Chef fiugton. Valli declared, with cynical plainness of speech, I hat Captain Cheffington had married La Bianca merely to have the right to confiscate her professional earnings. Latterly, these had become very scanty. La Bianca did not grow younger, and her voice was rapidly failing her. A good deal of gambling had gone on in her house at one time. But it had been put a stop to— or, at least, shorn of its former proportions by the ugly incident of which Miss Polly Piper had brought back a version to Oldchester. Since then, things had not gone well with the Cheffington menage. Captain Cheflington had become insupportable, irritable, impossible 1 Ho was, moreover, a malade iina ginairc ; a querulous, selfish, tyrannous fellow ; always bewailing his hard fate, and the sacrifice he had made in 60 lar derogating from, his rank as to marry an opera singer. La Bianca was a slave to his caprices. To be snrc, she was not precisely a lamb. There were occasions when she llauied up and made quarrels and scenes. ' But,' said Signor Valli, ''he is an enormous egotist, and, with a woman, the bigger egotist you are the surer to subjugate her. La Bianca would have stabbed a man who loved hsr devotedly for half the ill-treatment she endures from that cold, stiff ramrod of an Englishman.' Such was Vincenzo Valli's version of the case ; and Clara Bertram, in listening to him, believed that, in the main, it was a true one. Valli had recently been in Brussels, where he had seen the Cheflingtons; and one or two other foreign musicians whom she knew bad come upon them from time to time, and had given substantially the same account of them. ak to persons in the rank of life to which Captain Chetriugton still claimed to belong, they were no more likely to come across Liui now than if he were living on the top of the Andes. May went into the house wearily. In the hall she met her Uncle Frederick, who had just conic in, and had seen the cab drive away, 'Who wa3 that with you, May'r' he asked, in some surprise. ' It was Miss Bertram,' she answered. Then she asked her uncle to step for a moment into the dining-room. When he had done so, and closed the door, she said quietly, *' My father is married to a foreign opera-singer; they are living in Brussels. Did you and Aunt Pauline know this?' 'Know it! Certainly not !' May was relieved to heart his, anddrcwalong breath. The sensation of living in an atmosphere of deception had op pressed her almost with a feeling of physical suffocation. She then told her uncle all that Clara Bertram had said. Mr. Dormer- Smith puckered his brows, and looked more disturbed than he had expected. ' This will be another blow for your aunt,' he said, gloomily. '* I don't see why Aunt Pau.ine should distress herself,' she answered, coldly; ' my father is not likely to trouble her. Married or unmarried,* my father seems determined to ketp aloof from us all.' Then she went to her own room. Mr. Duruier-Sinith. shrank from communicating this news to bis wife, and as he went upstairs he anticipated a disagreeable scene. He did not very greatly care about the matter himself, for hfi agreed with May that it was unlikely Augustus would trouble any of the family with his pre sence ; and to keep away was all that he required of his brother-in-law. On entering his wife's room, he found her still in a morning wrapper, reclining on her long chair; but her hair had been dressed, and she announced her intention of coming down to dinner. Her countenance, too, wore an unexpected expression of placidity, almost cheer fulness. The country post had arrived, and there were several letters scattered on a little table by Mrs. Dormer Smith's elbow. Her husband went and placed himself with his back to the fire, which was burning with a pleasant glow in the grate. ' Well,' he said, in a sympathising tone to his wife, 'how are you feeling now, Pauline ?' They had not met since his outburst about May, and he had' been rather nervously uncertain of his reception. Pauline never sulked; never stormed; and rarely scolded. But when she felt herself to be injured, she would be over poweringly plaintive. Her plaintiveness seemed to wrap you round, and damp you, and chill you to the bone, like a Scotch mist. And when used retributively was felt — by her husband, at all events— to be very terrible. But on this occasion, as has been said, there was a certain mild serenity in her face, which was reassuring. ' Thanks, Frederick,' she answered. ' There seems to be a little less pressure on the brain. Sruithson bathed my forehead for three-quarters of an hour after you were gone.' Mr. Dormer- Smith hastened to change the subject. 'Post in, I see,' he said. 'Any news?' 'I have a very nice letter from Constance Hadlow,' answered Pauline, with her eyes absently fixed on the fire. ' How thoughtful that girl is. What tact! What proper feeling! Ah! the contrast between her and May is painful at times.' Mr. Dormer-Smith made a little inarticulate sound which might mean anything. Despite her beauty, which he admitted, Miss Hadlow was no great favourite of his. But he would not imperil the present calm in his domestic atmosphere by saying so. ' Misfortunes,' pursned Pauline, still gazing at the fire, ' never come singly, they 6ay. And really I believe it.' ' Does Miss Hadlow announce any misfortune r' ' Oh, no ! At least we are bound not to look on it as a misfortune. Who could wish him to linger, poor fellow ? She is staying near Combo Park, and she says Lucius has been quite given up by the doctors. It is a question of days, perhaps of hours.' ' No ? By George ! Poor old Lucius ! ' returned Mr. Dormer-Smith, with, a touch of real feeling in Ms tone. ' Of course, this will make an immense difference in May's prospects. I don't mean to say that she will easily find* another millionaire, with such extraordinarily liberal ideas about settlements as Mr. Bragg hinted to me this morning — ! That is, humanly speaking, not possible,' said Mrs. Dormer- Smith, solemnly. ' Still, the affair may not he such an irretrievable disaster as we feared.' ' How do you mean? ' asked Frederick, whose mind, as we know, moved rather slowly. ' It muEt make a difference to her,' repeated his wife, in a musing tone. ' The only child and heiress ot the future Viscount Castlecombe, of course ? ' 'By George! I didn't think of that at the moment. Ye6, Gus is the next. I suppose that is quite certain ? ' Mrs. Dormer-Smith did not even condescend to answer this query, but merely raised her eyebrows with a superior and melancholy smile. Frederick pondered a minute or so; then he said : ' You say ' heiress,' but l|don't think your uncle would leave Gus apound move than he couldn't help leaving him.' 'I fear that is likely. Still, there is much of the land that must come to Augustus, and Uncle George has enor mously improved the estate. Do you know I begin to hope that I may see my poor, unfortunate brother come back and take bis proper place in the world ? When I remember what ho was five-and-twenty years ago, it does seem cruel that he should have been absolutely eclipsed during all this time. I recollect so well the day ho first appeared in his uniform. He was brilliant. Poor Augustus! ' Mr. Dormer- Smith felt that the difficulty of telling his wife what he had just heard assumed a new shape. He had feared to add to the load of what Pauline considered family miBtortunes ; now it seemed as if his news would dash her rising spirits, and darken roseate hopes. He passed his large hand over his mouth and chin, and said, with his eyes fixed uneasily on his wife, who was still contemplating the fire with an air of abstraction. — ' Ah ! Yes. But — there may be a Lady Cnetlccouibc to find a place in the world for.' ' Not improbable. I hope there may be. Augustus iR little past the prime of life. It would compensate for much if ? ' ' I sun sorry to say, Pauline, that there's no chance of that — 1 mean of such a marriage as you arc thinking of. I came upstairs on purpose to tell you. In one way it won't make any differeuce to us. And I'm sure your brother has never deserved much affection or consideration from you. But still, I know it will worry you.' Mrs. JJormer- Smith sat upright, with her hand grasp ing the two arms of her chair, and said, with a sort of ?despairing calm, ' Be good enough to go on, Frederick. I entreat you to be explicit. I dare say you mean well, but 1 do not think I can endure much more suspense.' 'Well, you know the rumours we've heard from time to time about that disreputable Italian woman in Brussels — opera-singer, or something of the kind? Well — I'm afraid there's no use deluding ourselves ; I think it comes on good authority — your brother has married her.' Chapter XXXV. Although the little house in Collingwood-terrace had not, perhaps, fully justified Martin's cheery prophecy that it would turn out an ' awfully jolly little place when once they got used to it,' yet there,' as elsewhere, peace, good will, order, and cleanliness mitigated what was mean and unpleasant. Mrs. Bransby's love of personal adornment rested on a better basis than vanity, although she was, doubtless, no more free from vanity than many a plainer woman. She had an artistic pleasure in beauty and ele gance, and an objection to sluttishness in all its Protean forms, which might almost be described as Ihe moral sense applied to material things. Her delicate taste suffered, ot course, from much that surrounded her in the squeezed little suburban house. But, far from sinking into a help less slattern, according1 to the picture of her painted by Mrs. Dormer- Smith's commonplace fancy, she exerted herself to the utmost to make a pleasant and cheerful home for her children. Her life was one of real toil, although many well-meaning ladies of the Dormer- Smith type would have looked with suspicion on the care Mrs. Bransby took of her hands, and would have been able to sympathise more tho roughly with her troubles if her collars and cuffs had occa sionally shown a crease or a stain. Mr. Rivers' s room had been prepared with the most solicitous care. It was a labour of love with all the family. Martin and his sister Ethel did good work, and even the younger children insisted on ' helping,' to the irreparable damage of their pinafores, and temporary eclipse of their rosy faces by dust and blacklead. The young ones were elated by the prospect of 6eeing their play fellow Owen once again; Martin relied on his assistance to persuade Mrs. Bransby that he (Martin) should and could earn something ; and even Mrs. Bransby could not help 'building on Owen's arrival to bring some amelioration into her life beyond the substantial assistance of his weekly payments. He arrived in the evening, and was. received by the children with enthusiasm, and by Mrs. Bransby with an effort to be calm and cheerful, and to suppress her tears, which touched him greatly, seeing her, as he did for the first time, in her widow's garb. He was touched, too, by her almost humble anxiety that he should be content with the accommodation provided for him, and earnestly assured her that he considered himself luxuriously lodged. And, indeed, for himself he was more than satisfied' but he could not help contrasting tbis mean littic hom e with Mrs. Bransby's beautiful home in Oldehester, and he found it singularly painful to see her in these altered circum stances. In this respect, as in so many others, his feeing differed as widely as possible from Theodore's. For Theo dore, although fastidious and exacting as to all that re garded his own comfort, sincerely , considered his step mother's home to be in all respects quite good enough for her, and had privately taxed her with insensibility and in gratitude for showimr eo little satisfaction in it. All the family, including Phoebe, who grinned a recog nition from the top of the kitchen stairs, agreed in declar ing Owen to be looking remarkably well. He was some what browned by the Spanish sunshine, and he had an inde finable air of bright hopefulness. In Oldchester he used to look more dreamy. ' it is business which is grinding my faculties to a fine edge,' he answered, laughingly, when Mrs. Bransby made 6ome remark to the above effect. ' I shall become quite dangerously sharp if I go on at this xate.' ' I don't think you look at all sharp,' replied Mrs. Bransby, gently. Whereupon Martin told his mother that she was not polite; and Bobby and Billy giggled ; and they all sat down to their evening meal very cheerfully. When the cable was cleared, and the younger children had gone away to bed under Ethel's superintendence, Mrs. Bransby said, ' You smoke, do you not, Mr. Rivers?' ' Not hero, in your sitting-room.' ' Oh, pray do ! It does not annoy me in the least.' Owen hesitated, and Martin thereupon put in his word. ' Mother does not mind it, really. Not decent, human kind of tobacco such as gentlemen use. That beast, old Bucher, used to smoke a great pipe that smelt like double distilled essence of public-house taprooms.' ' Well, a cigarette, if I may,' said Owen, pulling out his case. Then, drauing the only comfortable easy chair in the room towards the fire-side, he asked, ' Is that where you like to have it :' ' That is your chair,' said Mrs. Bransby timidly. 'Good heavens!' exclaimed Owen, genuinely shocked, ' what have I done to make you suppose I could possibly be capable of taking your seat V' He gently took her hand and led her to the chair. Then,, looking round the little parlour, he 6pied a footstool, which he placed beneath her feet. As he looked up from doing eo, he saw her sweet pale face, with the delicate curves of the nieuth twitching nervously in an endeavour to smile, and the soft dark eyes full of tears. ' You must not spoil me in this fashion,' she began. But the attempt to speak was too much for her. She broke down, and covered her face with her trembling hands. Martin instantly crossed the room, and stood close beside her, placing one arm round her shoulders, and turning away from Owen, so as to fence his mother in. The boy's protecting attitude was pathetically eloquent. And so was the way in which his mother presently laid her head down upon his shoulder. They remained thus for a little while. Owen stood by the fire with his elbow on the mantelpiece, and his forehead resting on his hand. And all three were silent. At length, when Martin felt that bis mother was no longer trembling1, and that her sobs were subsiding, he looked round, and said, 'Mother's upset by being treated properly. No wonder! It's like meeting with a white man after living among cannibals. If you had ever seen that beast Bucher, you'd understand it.' ' Shall I go away ?' asked Owen. Mrs. Bransby quickly held out one hand entreatingly, while she dried her eyes with the other. ' Please stay !' she said. ' And please light your cigarette ! And please draw your chair near the fire, and .make yourself as com fortable — or as little unsomfortable— as you can ! Forgive me. I do not often break down in this way; do I, Martin ?' 'No,' answered Martin, moving the lamp, so as to throw his mother's tear-stained face into shadow, and then squeezing his own chair into the corner beside hers ; 'no; you were cheerful enough with Bucher. Well, of course one had either to take Bucher from the ludicrous side, or ehe shoot him through the head, and have done with him !' 'I see,' said Owen, nodding, and not sorry to hide his own emotion under cover of a joke. ' And Mrs. Bransby was unable to make up her mind to justifiably -homicide him?' ' Yes. He was a beast, though, and no mistake ! Phoebe was in such a rage with him once, that she threatened to tbrow a hot batter pudding at his head. I'm sorry now she didn't,' added Martin, with pensive regret. Then they talked quietly. Mrs. Bransby, with womanly tact, led Owen to speak about himself and his prospects. There was little to tell in the way of incident. He had been working steadily, and did not dislike his work. And he had been well contented with his treatment by Mr. Bragg. Mr. Bragg had made him an offer to send him, in the spring, to Buenos A.yres. It might be an opening to fortune. ' I suppose you will go ? Of course, you will go ?' said Mrs. Bransby. She could not help her voice and her face betraying some disappointment. They did not, however, betray all she felt ; for the prospect of Owen's going away again so soon sent a desolate chill to her heart. Owen looked at her quickly, and then as quickly looked away and tossed the end of his cigarette into the fire, before lighting another. 'I don't know,' he answered, bendiug down over the flame : ' it will require some consideration. I believe the alternative is open to me o£ remaining in Mr. Bragg's employment in England. Anyway, there is time enough before I need decide — several months, 1 hope.' Mrs. Bransby breathed a low sigh of relief ; then she 6aid in a, perceptibly more chrerful tone, 'It seems so odd to think of you writing business letters, and making up accounts, aud being altogether turned into a— a ? ' 'A clerk.' ' No, not precisely that ; you are Mr. Bragg's secretary, are you not?' ' What I am aiming at— what I hope to be— is a clerk, vou know. If I called myself a Field- Marshal or an Arch bishop it would not alter the fact; but it does seem odd to me, too, when I think of it. Better luck than I deserve, as my shrewd old friend Airs. Dobbs said to me.' ' Talking of Mrs. i)obbp, May Cheffington came to see me here.' Owen had heard regularly from May every week ; he carried her last letter in his breast- pocket at .that moment (not the note which Ehe had posted herself — that had not yet reached Collingwood Terrace), so that he was not starving for news of her. Nevertheless, he felt a wild temptation to cry out, ' Tell me about her ! Talk of nothing else !' But he answered composedly, ' That was quite right; she ought, of course, to have come to see you.' ' She only came once,' observed Martin. '? That was not her fault,' said his mother. ' Sbc could not, as I told you all, make frequent journeys here— she could not command her time or her aunt's servants ; she goes out a great deal.' 'Her aunt lives for the world, you see,' said Owen, apologetically. ' Ob, there is no reason why May should not enjoy her youth and all her advantages,' . ' answered Mrs. Bransby, softly; 'the is a very sweet, lovabi')' creature— much too good tor ? ' Mrs. Bransby here checked herself, and stopped abruptly. 'Oh, mother! that's all bosh!' cried Martin, flushing hotiy. ' I mean that notion of yours. Now, 1 ask you, Mr. Rivers, is it likely that May Cheffington would think of marrying Theodore ? Ah ! you may well look flabber gasted ! Anybody would who knew them both. You see, mother, Mr. Rivers takes it just as I did. You don't think it likery, do you, Mr. Rivers ?' Owen had recovered from the first startling effect of hear ing' those two names coupled together, but he was inwardly rasing and lavishing a variety oj the most unparliamentary epithets on Theodcre. 'If you ask my candid opinion, I don't think it likelv,' he answered, curtly. *'0f course not,' exclaimed the boy. ' It's only Theo dore's bounce ; I told mother so.' ' Why, you don't mean that Bransby has the confounded impudence to say ? ' ' No, no,' interposed Mrs. Bransby. ' Don't let us exaggerate. Theodore has never made any explicit state ment on the subject. But he meets May very frequently in society. He is constantly invited by Mrs. Dormer Smith. They are thrown a great deal together. May has evidently become much more kind and gracious to him of late— for 1 remember when she used positively to run away from him — and as for him, he is as much attached to her as he can be to any human being. 1 do believe that.' '? Attached to your granny !' cried Martin, apparently unable to find a polite phrase strong enough to convey his deep disdain. ' Theodore is much attached to number one, and that's about the beginning and end of Mb attach ments.' ' Hush, Martin,' said his mother severely. ' You are {Conlinutd on page 1152.) talking of what you don't understand. And you know bow much- 1 dfclike to hear vou use that tone about— your brother.' She brought out the word 'brother' with an obvious cTort. In truth, she had a repugnance to speaking, ir even t linking of Theodore as her children's brother. But it was a repugnance for which she blam-d herself. 'I think,' she added, ' that you had better go lo bed, Martin.' Tilt boy rose with an instant obedience, which had not always characterised him in I he happy Oldchcsterdays, and Lent over his mother to kiss her. 4- Tin very sorry ; I did not mean to vex you, mother,' he whispered. ' You're not angry with me, are you *r' '? 1 can't be angry with you, my darling boy ; but I must do my duty. You know he would say 1 was right lo cor rect you.' Martin lifted up his face cheerfully, with the happy elas tijitv of boyish spirits. ' All right, mother. Good night. Good night,' Mr. fiivere.' 'Goodnight, old fellow,' responded Owen, grasping the boy's hand heartily. He felt very strongly in sympathy with Martin, just then. Martin lingered. ' May I ask just one thing, mother ':'' he taid, wistfully. ' You know we agreed not to tease Mr. Rivers with our atfairs immediately on his arrival, Martin,' replied his mother. Then, unable to resist his pleading face, she 6aid, ' If it really is only one question, perhaps Mr. .Rivers would not mind ? ' ' Wnat is it you want to know, Martin ? Speak out,' said Owec. ' It's about the question I asked in my letter,' replied Martin, blushing and eager. ' Don't you think I ought t ) try and help mother '? And don't you think I might h ivv a. chance of earning something ': ' 'That's two questions,' said Owen, with a smile. ' But I'll answer them both. To number one, yes, undoubtedly. To number two, perhaps ; but we must have patience.' ' There, mother I' cried Martin, triumphantly turning his glowing face and sparkling eyes towards her. Then he shut the door, and rushed upstairs ; his round young cheeks dimpled with smiles, and his heart so full of joyous ii»pes, that he was impelled to find some vent for his over flowing spirits by hurling his bolster at Bobby and Billy, who were sitting up in bed, broad awake. Thereupon there ensued smothered s unds of scuffling ani laughter, mingled with the occasional thud of a bol ter against the wall ; until Phoibe, eharply rapping at the door, announced that, unless Mr. Martin was in bed in two minutes, she would take away the light, and leave him to undress in the dark. When the widow was alone with Owen she began to pour forth the praises of her eldest boy. She hoped Mr. Rivers did not think her selfish in letting the boy share so much of h?r aires aud anxieties. But, although only a child in y^are, he was su helpful, so loving, so rensible— had such a manly desire to shield aud fcpare her ] And then, after asking Owen's advice about (be boy, nhe added, uaively : '? Only, please, don't advise me lo make a drudge of him. lit- is so clever he ought to be educated. His dear father looked forward to his doing nu well at school and college.' '?If 1 am (o advibc, really,' eaid Owen, 'I ought first to understand tuc state of ttc case with as much accuracy as possible.' .Mrs. Brantsby at uncc told him ih? details of her circum stances as succinctly as she could. There was a small sum secured to her, but eo snull as to barJy suffice for finding t'dem all in food. Theodore had made himself responsible fur the rent during one twelvemonth. He had also (or so she had understood him) promised to st nd Martin to his old school for a couple of years. But it n -w appeared that his urfer was limited to paying for Mart n s Leing taught at a neighbouring daysehool of a very inferior kind. |And even this£e?med precarious. ' I thought at one time,' said Mrs. Bransby, 'that I might, perhaps, earn a little money by teaching1. But I must do what I can to educate Ethel* and Enid and the younger boys until thev get beyond me. I fear I could npt iind time to go out and give lessons, even if I succeeded in getting an engagement. So I am trying to get some sew ing to do. 1 can use my needle, you kuow, while 1 hear Ethel say her French lessun, and m ike Bobby and Billy Bicll words of two syllables.' Poor Mrs. Bransby spoke with much diffidence of her plans and projects. She had a very humble opinion of her ora powers, and was touchingly willing to be ruled aid directed. Owen suggestel that it might have been b itter for her to have remained in Oldchester, where she Wis among friends. But she answered that she had had ► tiicely any choice in the matter. It was Theodore who liMd decided that she was to remove to London. It wa6 Theodore who had chosen that house for her. In the firei days of hct Iobs she had blindly accepted all Theodore's directions. ' Perhaps I was to blame,' she said, ' but I was over whelmed, and I felt so helpless ; and it seemed right to listen to Theodore. But— although T never say a harsh word about him to strangers, nor to the children, if 1 can help it— I cannot pretend to you, who know us all so well, that he is kind us. Martin resents his behaviour very much. I do my best, but it is impossible to make my boy feel cordially towards his half-brother.' ' Of course, it is ! ' said Owen. Then he closed his lips. He would not trust himself to talk of Theodore at that moment. It was a comfort to Mrs. Bransby to speak openly to a sympathising listener, and one whom she could thoroughly trust. She talked on fora long time ; and at length, look ing at her watch, accused herself of selfishness in keeping O*en so long from the rest which he must need after his journey. As she returned the watch to her pocket, 6hesaid, deprecating*!}*, ' Perhaps you think 1 ought not to possess ho handsome a watch under the present circumstances V Theodore was quite displeased when he saw it, and said it ought to be sold. But you see 1 need some kind of watch ; and this is an excellent timekeeper; and— and my dear hus band gave it to me on the last birthday we spent together.' She turned away to hide I he tears that brimmed up into her eyes ; and going to a little side-table, lit her chamber candle. Owen rose from his chair. ' Look here, Mrs. Bransby' he sail. 'Of cjurse we must have more talk together, and more time to consider matters; but it seems to me that Martin is right in wishing to earn some thing. Young as he is, it might be possible to find 6omc employment for him which should bring in a weekly sum worth having. And as to his education — it has oc curred to me that I could, at least, keep him from forgetting what he has learnt already ; and, perhaps, coach him on a little further. An hour or two every evening, steadily occupied, would do a good deal. Jt would be a great p'easurc to me to be able to do this small service for you. That is to Eay,' he went on quickly, in order to check the outburst of thanks which trembled on her lips, ' if you are good enough to allow me the advantage of continuing to occuuy a room here. I hope you will be able to put up witliiue. I don't think that Phcebe will want to throw a hot batter pudding at my head. But that may be my vanity ! Gocd night. Don't say any more now, please. We will think it over on both sides. I will suiukc one more \- igaietfe, if 1 may, before I turn in.' II ('opened the door, aud held it open for her. As she passed liiiu, s-l.c paused an iustant, aud said in a luw, trembling voice ' God bless you ! ' {To be continued.) 