EOHUOA BOROUGH (PATER TRUST. The ordinary mooting of tho above trust •was hold last evening, when there wore/pre^ Bent;:—Com. Harbin, (chairman), Morplieb; O'Bryan, Cochrane, Vines, Barberis, Palmer," Stratton, and D. Oliver, Government nominee. .." correspondence. ; , ; From J. Banks and Co., Melbourne, inti-.; mating that 3-inch mains could be obtained in Melbourne. Received. ^ -> From J. Langtree, stating the trust should apply personally for a loan, and include the sum of £103 expended on the Cam-, paspe weir.. ( , From J. Hanis, applying for the extension of jin. water mains to his land, Hare-street south. The Secretary said there was no honse on tho land. Several commissioners, said that Harris had informed them he was going to build. It was decided that the matter should stand over until the house was';; erected. . .'\t * From James Shackell, M.P., stating 'that/ ho hoped in a few days to forward, a favorable reply re the application of'a" loan of £1000 for water extension. From W. W. Moore, applying for pennis-s. siori to lay on water to his brick yardti- at Echuca East, as lie was afraid water would run out unless rain foil. Com; Stratton said that Mr Moore would not require the. water all the year round, and he moved that, that a charge of £5 per year be made. This was seconded by Com. Barberis. Com. Vines moved a« an amendment that, market garden rates, £10 per aiinum be charged.' I The secretary, said Mr Moore'had informed him that lie used about three loads weekly. Com. Yines remarked the poor unfortunate; Chinamen was charged £10 for their gardens, . besides their miserable huts being rated,'^yet the trust proposed to make a distinction, "which was not right, because one man wasa wealthy individual... .Com. Stratton . saiU tlie remarks of Com. Yines were mostuncalled for. He was sure Mr Moore would not use half as much water as a market gardener. Com. Vines said an application for water had been postponed, yet it was proposed to deal with this matter right away. Com Morphet seconded the amendment, and , maintained that the matter before the trust was quite irregular. They had a fixed scale of charges, and unless these were rescinded, it could not be dealt with. Com. Stratton said there was no regulations referring to brickyards, ho would be in favor of stretching a point to accommodate persons. With- the consem of his seconder ho would alter his motion to £6 for six months. Com Vines; then -withdrew his. amendment, and-the amended motion was carried. •r ; finance. Accounts amounting to £102 6s 2d were recomm euded to be paid, and after one account £110s, had been excised, the accounts were passed. reports. Pumping Works.;—I beg to say .the list of works recommended by me in report 107, is as follows Lining pump chamber, £30 j flooring shed, £9. Received. 1 f Deputation.— In compliance with your instructions we proceeded to Melbourne on" the'evening of Tuesday, the 2nd, for tlie purpose of attending a meeting of water' trusts on the subject, as you wero advised of 'getting interest reduced from4i per cent, to 3 per cent. We found that part of the programme abandoned, and that tho remainder of the programme affected irrigation trusts only. Messrs Slmckell and Brown explained that we had to attend a deputation to tho Premier, so we left tho conference.—J. H. Morphet, Commissioner ; C. E. PIscoe, Secretary, , U; Com. Palmer desired to know whether that \vaa all the report the trust were to get for £4 10s. Com. Morphol mvid Ih'o mafctor they went down on had been abandoned by the conference. Tho report was receivpd; ^ The secretary read a. tabulated statement enumerating the cost of' water, extensions. In moviug Hie adoption ' of. "the; repwfc, ' Com. Stratton said lie thought the secretary should have placed the tabulated statetnent in their hands two days , ago, because^they conld n< t consider them that ovoning. ;v Tho list should have been printed..7' The . chairn.an said he must take the part of tho seoreteiy, because ho knew he had too, i>iucli work to do. He was well aware of the quantity of labor ho had to do. Ho considered thiifc a special meeting should be hold to deal with the matter. Com. Vines said that there need nob bo such a lot .said.about the • secretary's time, because the.work.had been performed by the office boy. The .chairman sfiuL' the secretary hud to compile the figures, and it was nonsense to talk like that. C6rii. yine§ —I am addressing you, sir,;in a respectable manner,jand expect,courtesy from you., If the.niatter had been'printed it would have beeri necessary for tne secretary to have coppiled the figures., The chairman said ho:'was " quite' willing to postpone the meeting until a future day.;../ Com. 'Stratton moved; the meeting, be- adjourned until Friday nighty which was seconded by Cr Barberis; • Com; Vines said'that before any blur g was done fcli§ trust should got four practical engineers to bring lip a report on the proposed1 roticula^ tion. The principal streets were laid with 9-inch mains, beyond that 3-inch, and they should be satisfied before they lay down any pipes that their presont rjticulatiori" of the town would not be interfered with. ' Hp suggested that Messrs Earnshaw, Bowdori. Steele, and Reid, bo asked to meet together and bring up a report ^ as. to whether the water mains were sufficiently large to givo <i proper supply of water if the proposed extension is carried. out, and also their opinion as to the desirability or otherwise, of getting our water supply from Echuca East. This was seconded by,Com. Morphot. Com. Palmer suggested that Com. Stratton thould withdraw. the motion," because tho water was of a moro important nature, and the trust should make an effort to supply people with water; Com. Stratton Baid lie was pleased to hear that Com. Palmer had turned round. Previously ho was in favor of getting tho roads done first. Com. Palmor said that he had said it was possiblo to carry out tho secretary's suggestions, and ho thought it was more opportuno to consider road-making. Com. Morphet said that from, tho remarks mado he was auru he could name tho writer of tho lotter in tho . Riverine Herald signed " Ghost." Tho whole of the commissioners denied having written the letter, and suggested that tho name should be .disclosed. Com. Morphet—I am prepared to. name tho i man or forfoit my seat. . Tlie' Chairman was I about to put tho motion and amendment when Cum. Stratton said it was. folly to got engineers such as those named. If they wanted engineers thoy should get hydraulic engineers, and nob havo their rotieulation system turned over by every Diclc; Tom, and Harry. Coin. Morphot suggested that Mr Tomperley's report should be produced at next meeting. Thoamendment S jvvas then withdrawn, and tho motion earned. Tho secretary was instructed to bring up Mr Temporley's report at. next meeting... :* Tho mooting then adjourned until Friday night. _ _ ;. ' • Contempt op Coujit.—'i.he man w'lo' - was fino I for spitting in the witness box during ivn nt'iick of upUuji's should use Grimuult's Indian Cigarettes. They immediately arrest asthma, tits of nervous coughing, loss of voiae, . hoarsncss, Ac. . . • .'!• !;i 