The Advertiser THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1888. MR. HOLDER undertook in the House of Assembly yesterday the task of explaining and defending the recommendations of the Select Committee on the Barrier trade, of which he wu the chairman. The report certainly stood in need of explanation, for 11 aome important particulars Its language la exceedingly Indefinite. It also required defence, for so far aa it .haa been under* stood the recommendations It contains have nowhere given complete satisfaction. Mr. Holder began by taking a great deal of credit for the manner in which the committee had performed iU work. Ila claims for it a more than ordinary share of judicial impartiality, and to this fact ascribes the comparatively cold re ception the report has met with. The scales have been held *o evenly la deciding between conflicting interest) that, so the argument run*, no occasion haa been afforded for the enthusiastic applause of partisans on one aide or the other, while for « similar reason condem nation by those not entirely pleated has been far from strong. Capital is also made of the circumstance that the com mittee adopted their report with absolute unanimity. It might be said in reply to Mr. Holders contention that sometimes it is found convenient to overcome the trouble arising from differences of opinion by keepwg points of disagreement in the background, and by deliberately choosing a vague statement of general principles without an Irksome definition of the mode In which they ought to be applied. We may be unfair in assuming that this method has been followed in the case of the Barrier Select Committee, but there Is reason to suspect that the unanimity referred to with auch pride by Mr. Holder would have disappeared had It been at tempted to give a more practical turn to the report by entering Into fuller detail. The sketch drawn by the hon. member of the present arrangements for dealing with the Barrier trade is almost couleurde rose. If he la to be believed, the complaints of the trading community that there has been a lamentable failure to grasp the real necessities of the situation rest upon what Is little better than a myth. He entered upon the enquiry impressed with the representations of Adelaide merchant! as to the difficulties under which the trade fa carried on, but to a. large extent these alleged difficulties hare melted into thin air when subjected to the test of a rigid Investigation. Everything, it Is thought, will go on swimmingly i oiily a few changes are effected In existing methods. The present calii for no heroic effort, and the future can take care of Itself. It must be confessed that whatever merits the report may possess, a dealre to look ahead Is not one of them. If a large increase of trade with the Barrier should take place it is ad mitted that something more must be done than the committee recommend, but the members have apparently proceeded on the a?umption that such a large Increase Is a possibility only of the distant fature, and that but little need be undertaken to hasten its coming. To begin with, Mr. Holder asserts that the evidence proves that Broken Hill is fairly well content. Its business people would be pleased with a few additional concessions, especially In the direction of reduced tales for the carnage of low-clan ores, bat they recognise the willingness of the Railway Commissioners to meet all their reasonable claims. Hin drances to the trade in connection with the Customs regulations have disappeared. Of course, if Broken Hill can get its supplies cheaply, its people will noi trouble themselves whether Sydney or Adelaide doe? the trade. As regards the break-of-gauge difficulty, Mr. Holder ac tually congratulates the colony on having practically removed It. He states that the provision made at Terowie for the transfer of goods from one gauge to another is the best possible solution of this question under present circumstances. Only if the trado increases threefold will this obstacle to the traffic assume a serious aspect. What degree of Inconvenience Mr Holder means by serious he did not oflVr to explain, but he says that since the silver " boom " the delay and loss to those who ase the railway in consequence of the break of gauge have virtually ceased. It iB remarkable that the Railway Com missioners have only within the last few days reported on the disadvantages attendant on a dual gauge, and | the constantly increasing loss bus- j tained thereby. Mr. Holder felt that In view of this report his statements might be challenged. He ingeniously escapes from the dilemma by an argu ment that though from an engineering standpoint the break of gauge is a source of loss to the Government, largely be cause it involves the ase of two classes of stock, it is no disadvantage to the cus tomers of the railway. This plea will hardly bear examination, for taking merely the question of expense, it is obvious that if the railways are managed on the principle that they must be made |to pay, increased expense of work ! ing cuts |nto so much profit that would 'otherwise be secured, and this must be met In the adjustment of tie rates. By a rough calculation, omitting some of the most important fac tors, It is concluded by Mr. Holder that if the removal of the break of gauge involves a greater cost than £140,000, it will pay better to leave matters as they are. For the present the policy Is suggested of the Government themselieabearlngall transfer charges in preference to making the gauge uniform. But "if a very large increase in the traffic were to render any method of dealing with the diffi culty absolutely necessary " the committee suggest that the lines from Terowie to Port Pirje and Port Augusta should be widened to the broad gauge. The indefiniteneas of this recommendation is sought to be got rid of by the atat-ment already mentioned that the difficulty will not be "serious" till die traffic has in creased threefold. Until then, at the rick of choking a trade by making no pro vision for its development beyond a car* tain point until that point Is reached, the country is to hold Its hands. It appears that the Chairman of the Railway Board and the Engineer-in-Chlefetronglyoppate narrowing the gauge from Terowie to Adelaide. They prefer broadening the narrow-gauge lines, but Mr. Holder 6id not attempt to meet the objection to the scheme of the committee tbat it will retain the present break of gauge at Hamley Bridge, and create a new one at Port Augusta. If the uniform gauge of the future is to be broad, the narrow-gauge chosen for ths Transcon tinental railway presents an obstacle to its adoption so formidable that It la quite impossible to foresee the time when uniformity will be practicable. On the question of rival ports, Mr. Holder had a good deal to eay. An examination of witnesses on the spat and ekewhere convinced the committee that without further deepening the shipping facilities at Port Plrie are equal to a much lsrper trade than 1* belog done at present. Additional wharfage accommodation Is re quired, but any farther improvements of shipping accommodation should be at Port Germein — the outer, not the Inner, harbor. The committee are of opinion that the disabilities nnder which the Ade laide merchants suffer in the competition with the business firms of Sydney have been exaggerated. But it is not denied that the fact of our merchants having to rethlp their goods if they send them by sea to Port Pirie is a handicap in favor of Sydney, to which freights from England are lower than to Port Adelaide; and that, comparing the rates for the land route from Port Pirie and from Port Adelaide, the Sydney trader has an undue advantage. The com mittee strongly object to the policy of differential rates. They support a sliding scale according to distance, but would make its application general and not •pedal. If the scheme indicated by Mr. Holder were carried out the present rates would be reduced via Port Pirie, as well as over the two gauges from Pott Adelaide to Oockbaro. Tub present difference in favor of Port Pirio would, however, be diminished. By the adoption of this policy it is believed that a great deal of the trade now done by ses between Porte Adelaide and Pirie would be attracted to the railways. Of course the one aim should be, without setting port sgainet port or railway against rail way, to provide that the railways shall lose no traffic which it is possibles for them to gain. The Select Com mittee and the Bailaray Commis sioners are apparently not quite agreed on the question of special rates. The committee pledge themselves to the pria dple of a sliding rate according to dis tance, " applicable to all classes of goods and all railway litea alike." In their recent report the Railway Commissioners, alluding to the desire for a uniform tariff, state that "special rates are rendered absolutely necessary In some cases, be cause of competition In various ways, or by the demands of trade." They reoog nise to the fullest extent that It is their duty to treat all districts and all per sodb alike, provided that in so doing they "do not sacrifice the Interests of the general community by the sur render or loss of traffic which a rigid ad herence to the principle might entail." The proviso is Important. A liberal In terpretation of the committee's sugges tions with reference to reduced rates will remove some of the difficulties by which the growth of the Barrier trade with this colony Is now hampered. But their report can be regarded &b; at the best furnishing only a tentative or makeshift solution of a problem that must before long ba grappled with, in a much bolder and more radical way. Our cablegrams this morning announce the election of General Harrison, the Re publican candidate, as President of the United Slates. To many this Intelli gence will come as a surprise. The one issue of the campaign was that of the amendment of the tariff. Mr. Cleveland's platform was a revision of Customs duties, mainly in the direction of reducing the imposts on a variety of Mwvmaterials. Un informed critics of American politics have represented the contest as between free trade and protection. In the United States themselves there has been a tendency eo to describe its character, *but only on the part of political opponents of the Demo cratic candidate, with the object of injur ing bis cause. Nothing more detri mental to the chances of Mr. Cleveland's re-election came within the scope of party tactics than the creation of a belief, and making it as general as possible, that his election involved a serious menace to the protectionist policy of the nation. 1 his Mr. Cleveland himself fully under stood. They were not his friends who called him a freetrader, for he expressly repudiated the title. If any attempt were to be made to revive the traditional free-trade policy of the Democratic party, be was too ehrewd to essay such a dange rous task himself. His letter accepting the Democratic Candidature contained one of numerous disclaimers of any Intention to strike at the protectionist system. His proposals for tariff reform had a two-fold purpose — the annihilation of the annually recurring surpluses, the ac cumulation of which has led to the tno?t formidable difficulty of American finance, and the further assistance of American industry by giving easier access to the raw materials of manufacture. It was in fact not free-trade but anew form of protection to introduce which Mr. Cleveland asked for a second Presi dential term. That his cause was damaged j by the ascription of a free-trade object to j his platform there cannot be a doubt, and it is equally certain that his defeat was due to it. To give a dog a bad name is said to be a means of ensuring Its execution, and the saying Is as true of a policy as of anything else. But it was thought that President Cleveland's reiterated repudiation of free-trade, and his clever tactics In jump ing the Republican position on the fisheries and Chinese questions had turned the tables on his opponents to such an extent as to assure their defeat In the Presidential contest. The result estab lishes that, not the fact that Mr. Cleveland meant free-trade, but the mere suspicion that he meant it disinclined the American people to accept his services for another term. We cannot chum that the issue of the election is a vic tory for protection. There was no vic tory to be won, because there was no battle to be fought. Protection in the United States has never been in danger. It wss a sham fight all through, and the worst enemies of Mr. Oleveland were those believing themselves to be his friends, and others avowedly his oppa cents, who joined in attaching to the con test on which he entered a particular kind of significance he never intended it to possess. _^__^_^_^__ A Gautie Extraonlitiarii was issued on Wednesday appointing the Hon. S. J. Way administrator of tbe province during the U-n-potary absence from tbe colony of hit Excellency Sir W. C. F. Robinson. ' | Mr. Holder, in a rpeech which contained a great deal of information, moved in tbe Hioae of Atstmbly en Wednesday afternoon—" Td?t the report of the Select Committee on the Barrier trade be adopted." Tbe bou. member 1 entered into the subject at come length, and , tben Mr. Btock ■eenred an adjournment of the debate. Mr. Mattituon a*ked tbe Home to aarent to the following mot ion—"That aelauie thill be inserted in all Government contrasts that the work mutt be performed under the eight hoars •jitem." There was a disposition to debate the matter, and Mr. Cohen was in tbe tnidit of a defence of the eight hours tytteon when the orders of the day were called en. Tbe Conuntstioaer :f Crown Lands, in rpealtisg on Mr, KriebanfTa notion relative to the protection of our fauna and din, aMomed rather a facetious air, aad then tbe debate was further adjourned. At 4 o'clock tbe galleries were graced by the pretence of a bevy of ladies who were anxious to learn what was to be the fate of the Woman's Boffrage BilL There were no leu than 14 ladies in attendance, and tbe fact th?t they were 'wtrwing to the remarks m%de ■ppearfd to bare a rattier disconcerting effect on some of tbe orators. Mr. OaldweQ replied v*ry brif fly, and it was then found that there was a majority ?" «w in favor of the second reading of the BQL As, however, in any amendment of the Ooestitutioa Act there must be an abtolate maj -city of votes of mesn bws of the House, the BUI was shelved. The Coawiiswumerof Public Work* replied to the remarks made by Bir John Downer in asking tee House to adopt the Barosaa water scheme, and the debate was again adjourned. Toe Abolition of Impriaonaieot for Debt Bill mi read a second time and carried through committee witb some amendments. After tea by mutual oontent the consideration of the Land Bill tra* proceeded with. Several cUo*ee were recommitted and amended, aad a num ber of cew cUoaea were agreed to. At a late hour the Bill was reported, and an effort will be made we believe to pass the measure tbrengh all its stages in the Honse to-day. iln tbe Legislative Council on Wednesday the new dacse providing that the Chinese Immi- I Kratiui Restriction Bill should not cone iato operation usrtil tbe other ooloaiea bad paaaod umilar measures, wat strode out. Some opposi tion was ?bown to tbe new clause which Dr. Oampbell prrjoeed, by which the Aot ceases to be in force in January, 1690, unless the otlier colonies have in the meantime passed •atwtanUaUy the came measure. SraataaUy, however, tbe clause was insetted in the Bill. Mr. Bartlett is annoyed because his remarks are not reported verbatim in " Hansard." aad on Wednesday be asked the Treasurer whether be considered tbat members ware fairly re ported. To tbii the Treasurer gave a decided answer in tbe affirmative, adding tb?: hu own experience wu Utat the repartinfr wa« writ done. Elsewber* we publiati verbatim reports of Mr. Bartlctt'a utterances last even ing on tbe Land Bill. Tbif, it seems, is wh?t be has been sighing for. We ho^e he will he gratified. Tbe Rigbt Bev. Dr. Moore, the Bomao Catholic BUhop of BaUarat, was a passenger for Melbourne by tbe Oraraz, which arrived at tbe Semaphore from London on Wednesday. Tbe object ol bis lordship's visit to the old country was to obtain prieits and nans belounog to what are known as "teaching otderr," for bis dioeeae, and he has been so tar sncoresful as to bring SO rcligitusa back with turn. There are four Kedemptoriat Fath«n, and nine fathers of the Order of the Hriy Gboet, tbe latter being a high educational oidtr well known in France and Jrelaud. In regard to tbe anus, they are composed of the Biaters of Loretto. Sisters of St. Bridget (an Irieb order), and Sifters of Nazareth, from H?m tnoemitb. The last-named ladies devote their time to the care of orphans and tbe aged poor of both sexes, without distinction as to country or creed, and their philanthropic efforts have recently attracted great attention in England, where the Pall Mall Oazett. considered their work of suf ficient importance to devote a special article to a description of their methods. The fathers will take possession of the new college of tbe Holy Ghost, which is to be opened ia BaUarat '.in February, and the efforts of Dr. Moore to secure such excellent educational talent for his flock will doubtless ba highly appreciated by them. His Lordship was the guest of his Grace Archbishop Reynolds dnr ing his stay in Adelaide, and bis grace aUo accompanied him asf far as hvegt Bay to see him off. Daring bis journeying Or. Moore was honored with an interview with hu Holiness tbe Pope, and he naturally visited Ireland, where he says "things areas bad as they well can be." We have been furnished with a copy of the following cablegram from London, received by Mr. 8. Kae vett, Adelaide fcgent of the Eutocs Extension Cable Company, on Wednesday: - I "Sir John Fender wishes it made kuoira that the intexraphon? in July were oauted by io\\-' canic disturbances, as previously explained, and the last two interraptiont were due to the I extensive renewals tbe company are carrying | out off Banjoewangie, where both cables were I found to be on bad ground and in dangerous | proximity, owing to strong currants having ! drifted them together. The renewal of the ' original cable has been finished after insetting 121 knots of new cable, and the company's tiro repairing ships are noar engaged renewing duplicate line, which is nearly completed. These renewals, which will be very costly, will i greatly strengthen tbe communication, and ongbt to give the company long immunity from further trouble. The manufacture of the cable to be laid between Ban joewangie and Roebnok Bay, about 1,030 miles in length, costing nearly £130.009. ia almost completed, and will be dispatched during December. When laid Australian communi cation ought to be thoroughly eeoure. Tha interruptions have been much magnified, as tbe total period communication has been inter rupted since duplication, including re cent ones, is only 41 day*, averaging less than five days per annum." Regarding prow telegrams the London office of the company has drawn special attention to delays. Mr. Knevett informs as that the general manager at 6iogapore wired on Tuesday :—•• Every i < xredition ia given to press msaiages on the cables in 4 «ico?«J*ooe with rales guiding susb traffic"'• ■'' ' The rtfiway revenue foe the week ended November 3. 18S8, wm X18.688. and that for the corresponding week io 18S7 £M,129; ebowing an incteMie this year of £4,659. Sir Alfred Stephen, iJieutenant-Grovernor of £ew South WaW, who has been on a visit to Chief Justice Way, at MonteSore, for the last two or three weeks, lAt lor Melbourne en route to Sydney by tfoe express un Wednesday, " Anglo- Australian," writing in the Euro pean Mail says:—"The Hughes professorship of Engluh literature at the Adelaide Um vtrfity, after cs using mnch competition here wben it wns knnouoced as vacant, has now teen closfd by the reicstalment of the late occupant of the chair. Tbis hag naturally cieated not a little surprise here, but it mint be, I think, liigbly gratifying to Soath Aus tralians to tied fauch keen competition from tbe eld country directly peats of this kind are announced ae vacant. Miss Tomkinsou, the daughter of tbe well known South Australian of that name, has arrived at Plymouth. Miss Toitkinson has come over bere to study art." Those specially i&lereeted; in the supply of water for Broken Hill will be glad to hear that tbe boring operations which were recently undertaken fay Mr. J. H. Horwood on account of tbe New South Wales Government hare already n.et with a fair measure of success. The bore baa been put down at the limestone quarries, Acacia Flat, about 9 miles west of Biokm Bill, and up to tbe present a supply of over 2,000 gallons per hour of really good water has been tapped oa boring into the baid limtfetone about 25 feet. The quality of the water is eaid to be quite equal to that of SUpben's Creek, aid it will no doubt prove vety welcome to the inhabitants of the mining town. " Everybody knows now what was really (be natter with Jones, tbe Australian cricketer," says tbe European Mail. "It was smallpax. The secret was well kept, and well it might be, for if it had leaked out the whole team would have been tabooed. Iwm talking the othsr Difcbt to ? well known county cricketer who was consulted by one of tbe managers of the team as to what was the best coarse to pursue. Tbe mansger began the consultation by saying that they were in an awful mess; that Joaea was down, and Turner, in all probability, would be, with an infectious disease, bat he never admitted what the infection waa. Perhaps if be had f aid it was smallpox he would not have •aid go on and prosper, as be did, as well as sought their company. Everything did go off well, except concerning Mf. Jones, who is badly narked by tbe disease, bat it was a risky decision. At a meeting of the sub committee of the Royal Agricultural Society appointed to devise means fur the destruction of sparrows, held on Tuesday, it was resolved to collect funds by public subscription to provide for a monthly comi>elition in tbe production of tbe largest Ziuuibers of eggs and beads of sparrows, to tike place after the autumn show in Adelaide, from a fund provided by Miss Eleanor A. Oncerod, St. Albans, £ngland, enpp'etnented by ether subscription*. It was resolved also to add to the (is prizes of £2, £1 lOj, £1,1uj., 10*. and 6*. for the largest numbers respec tively of sparro sra' heads and of sparrows' eggs by awarding 2*. 6(J. to each person who bring* in over 100 heads or 100 eggs (if he has not taken one of tbe six prizes), and to award Is. to each competitor (not having taken a priz^at this autumn ehow) who brings in over 50 be?ia or eggs. Cur Benmark correspondent writes:— Soite exertement was occasioned here on Mon day when new* was brought that the scrub blacks bad murdered a boundary cider ani I tuned his hut on Mr. J. Robertson's ran, about SO miles from Renmark. Mr. Eobert eon has offered £5 reward for the capture of the aiurderen either dead or alive. The natives are the descendants of a blackfellow who cleared out from tbe Murray over 30 years ago with two lnbras after having murdered a lettler. They have made their home in the vety thickest part of tbe scrub, and every attempt to track or catch any of them has so far failed. They now number It people, and are armed with locg barbed epeara which are poisoned. It ia tbe intention of some of the rivtr settlers to have a search for them about Cbrutmaa time, On Wednesday afternoon a petition signed by 69 owners and occupies of land in the hun dreds of MndlaWirra,Munno Para, Port Ade laide, and Port Gawler, adjacent to the Gawter River, vti pretested to tbe House of Assembly t>y Mr. Bsgstsr, M.P., praying tbe Honse to refute its content to the canying oat of the Baiofta water scheme. The petition aet forth that if the scheme were adopted tbe Gawier Hirrt would be deprived of the waters of its .principal feeders and the periodic flooding of tbe nugb boring lands would no longer take place owing to the diicimshed flow of wafer in the main at ream. Tbis would cause great low, as land which bow, owing- totoe deposits le?t by flood water*, gave a remunerative yield, woaVi if ttesupply ceased would become comparatively tpeakicg unproductive-. In dry Mjnons ra'.t lises to tte surface of the land adj-iining the liver, canting injury and damage, and it was feared that it the supply of water bj psr n.acentiy dimmubed by the damming bick ot the South Pare, tracts of country woild be rerdered un6t for cultivation. The Hud which would be prejudicially affected if the ccbeure were carried out comprised an aggregate of 6. COS acres or thereabouts. Many restdenta it was ret forth were dependent for their supply of drinking water on wells and springs, which, if tbe ov.iflura from the Gawlex River ceased, wculd beooae brackish and unfit for use. The report of tbe directors of tbe Eastern Extension Au«tra)a«ia and China Telegraph Company for the half-year ending June 30 last, which we have received from Mr. & Koevdtt, the local agent, contains the following:— Tte gross receipt*, including Government «üb tidies, have smounttd during that period tJ f259.«?« o*. 56.. cgiinsi £21i?.20i 4i. Bi. Im tbe oontspocding half year of ISS7. The working and other expenres, including £22.112 6s. 4d. for cost of repairs to cable* an l ei pensea of abior. absorb £69.297 10s. lid., against 176.2413*. Cd. for the cwretpaudiog period of lt«7. leaving a balance of £170,623 9«. Cd. From this is deducted £3,229 o*. s*. fcr income tax, and £41.595 for interest on debentures acd contributioos to sinking f undo, leaving £125.804 It* Id. as the net profit for the fcalf year, against which the b&lauoe; of cost of the Sisgapore-Saigon renewal, amount ing to £15,401 ;«., lias been charged, leaving an available balance of £110,433 4s. Id, Ose quarterly interim dividend of 1| per cent., amounticg to £31.250, has been paid during tie Lalf tear, and another of like amount will 1* <M?tnbot<d on tbe 16th instant, leaving i^T.K"- 5«. Id. to be carried forward. Natne ?c?is tnall rep?iis have been effected by the con'i«c)'?i:.-ki::tt't:?!ieo ih:p< during the half• year under review, but u<> ioterruptions of a tcrious nature «.ccjTr«l uctil June 39, when both tbe Java Australian cable* were suddenly acd eimultaneoua'y interrupVd in deep watsr abt/nt 210 tiiite tcom Banjoewangie. Toe compaoy'it eteamer Recorder was immediately dispatched from Singapore to tSxt repair?, and special steamers were cbarterei by the company and tbe South Australian Govern mtnt to carry telegrams betsreen Java and Australia daring the interruption. At first gome difficulty was experienced by the steamer Recorder owing to the prevalence of b?4 weather acd tbe ends of the cables being deeply buiied, but communication was saecaes fully restored on July IS, and the second cable was alto repaired on August C, when it was found that the interruptions had been earned by volcanic action. In coneequense of the eericus inconvenience to the telegraphing community, occasioned by the unfortunate interruptions above referred to, and in order to avert a recurrence as far as possible, your directors immedittely decided to lay an ad ditional cable from Batpjoswaneie to Western Australia, to connect w:th the land lines of that colony, avoidiotr, as far as practicable, the volcanic region. This line will give tha colonies the advantage of a third cable to Java and an alternate land system via Perth and Kucla to tbe exiettog vrerland line between Port Darwin and Adelaide. The announca incut appears to have given much satisfaction in tbe colonies and elsewhere. "Alone in London" wu repeated by Blani Holfe company at the Theatre Royal on Wei- Drediy Bight to a good bouse. Toe same pie m will be ttseed this evening. At the Norwood Rink this evening a demon stration is to take plaoe in oonnectioD with tiie Norwood Boating Club. A varied and enter taicirg programme is to be provided for th? cccaaion, and there will doubtless be a large attendance. Mr. W, O. Rigby bas sent us the November number of the Avdralian Journal, published n Melbourne, which, besides instalments of trial novels and a quantity of miscellaneom reading, contains A. L, Gordon's poem, •• How we brat the favorite." Elsewhere it is announced that Miss Amy Bherwin'e final Australian concert is to ba given in the Adelaide Town Hall on Saturday eight. The popular songstress is to be assisted by Mr. Henry Stookwell, Mr. John Lemmone. acd other members of her newly-organised company for India, while Professor Ivea his contented to aseiat. The following orders were issued from the Stiff-Office on Wednesday:—Officers for tbe ensuing week—Major Harrald, A.R.: 2ad Battalion A.R, Captain' Measent, Lieutenant Ttretdie. The following promotions are sanctioned from this date:—D Company, 2ad Battalion, Corporal Rule to be sergeant: |D Company, 2nd Battalion, Corporal KicholU to be sergeant; A Company 2nd Battalion, Corporal McSweeney to be sergeant, An interesting lecture was delivered by Mr. Kvans, of Victoria, on " Patriotism ; or no plaoe like home," in the Bible Christian Ohurcu.Gooi wood, on Wednesday night. Mr. Joseph Ashton prceidicg over a very .mall attendance. Tae pioc€t*s wire in aid tf tie trust fund ol the cbordi. -During the evening several aolos wara itodered by Mrs. Bammond, Miss Rushtoo, and Mr. W. Hicks, and selections wew given by the choir. Mrs, Hammond effi Mated s>s crganifit, ; An accident happened in tbe city on Wed netdsy to Mr. C. A. W. Grosser, a moanted cocetable. In trying to stop a bone which had bolted with a vehicle belonging to Mr. Spiller, of Marryatville. his own animal came in eon tact with a kerbstone, which caused it to fall . with its rider and to upset tbe trap. Toe '■ trooper was at once conveyed to the Adelaide i Bo* pital, where it was found that he was not in a very dangerous condition, but was badly bort Both tbe horees were uninjured, bit tiie j vehicle was tlightly damaged and one of its ' wheels can:e off. On Wednesday morning the members for Stanley, Mtesrs. E. W. Hawker and G\ Kim btr, intioduced to tbe Minister of Educstioa (Hon. J. C. F. Johnson;, ?de(iutatiun en tisting of Mew-re. T. F. Tri ziec, Thou. Pasooe, S. K. Walker, and John Rsnford, who repre ■ ented the trustees of the White Hot School, rear Clare, and asxed that tbe building should be taken over r>y tbe Government. The resi dents had built tbe school in a substantial manner some years ego, acd the attendanse, which bad always been good, was likely to continue «o. The deputation asked theMinwter of Education to convert the building into m Slate tcbooL The trustees would part with: the fee-simple for £130. The Minister esid be would consider their request. The last evening meeting for the present year in connection with the Boys' Field Club was held in the Chamber of Manufactures on Wednesday evening, when Professor Tata lectured on "The common minerals of South Australia, and bow to distinguish them." Mr. A, Adamson presided over a Urge gathering. The professor explained how minerals ware dis ticguifebed by their hardness, weight, streak, lustre, and other qualities in s thoroughly lucid way which attracted the dose attention of all pietent. At tbe conclusion of the lec ture, for which the professor was acsarded • hearty vote of thanks, tbe chairman distribu ted the prizes won at tbe recent ebow of native plants. In tbe course of eome remarks which at Mr. Grasby'e suggestion Professor Tata, wbo was one of the judges at the show, made, attention was drawn to the somewhat too frag mentary nature of the exhibits, the importance of tbowing in a herbarium plants in all stages of their existence being emphasised. Mr. Frank Thornton, the popular comedian, who caused many a hearty faugh in our city by his clever impersonation of the character of the Bev. Eobert Spaldiag in the "Private Secretary." arrived from liondon. by the B.M.S. Ormuz on Wednesday. It is t*o yean since" Mr. Thornton left Australia's ebores, and during s good portion of that time he has been playing in "Dorothy** at tba Gaiety. He has now come out under engage ment to Meters. Brough ft Baucicault, the enterprising rivals to Messrs. Williamson, Garner, and Mufgrove, and will open at tbe Bijou Theatre in Melbourne in bis old rdle of "The Private Secretary." He has also secured Pinero'e latest and greatest success, "Street Ijavender." which has attained • run of over SCO nights at Terry's Theatre, and n still attracting crowded bosses. He is to play the part of Dick Phenyl, so impecaaious barrister. Be holds another tramp card in the shape of " Mamma," an adaptation by Sydney Grundy of "laes Surprises du Divoroe," ■ renaming comedy that is now being played at the Court Theatre, London, under the manage ment of Mrs. John Wood. Mr. Thornton, who, by tbe way, cays he ia glad to be able onoa more to breathe the dear air of Australia attar the smoky atmosphere of liondon, speaks is glowing terms of "Sweet lavender," which will, be feels sure, from his previous knowledge of Australian audiences, prove as "taking" here as it has in tbe mother country. appear on tbe second page. Tbe annual show ia cennpotion with the?obert street (Bindmanb) Eloral Sodoty win be held to-iUy. A meeting- d the Central Australian Exploring aon Pioepecting Company will be add at Cne Geographical Society's rooms tnts morning. A meeting of tb? ratepayers of Xhebarton is tote held this evening in the los?l Town Ball to ■"—j-«-t tbe coming mumdpal electlona> AmeeUnsalsutacriben to the Addajde Oroalat ing Library is to be held to-night to report upon sbe best means of increasing the number of subsodben. A floral and Industrial citiihWon in connection with tbe West Torrens Scfeool Board dfetriot «BI b* opesad In the Thehartoo Town Hau to-day and confiimiail to morrow. Ibe Adelaide mimkapal elections eaapai«a wB! be opened to-night, when a oeetingof tbe ratepayenof Gawler want <uus>veued byConncfllor Booney) wfll be beM at the Cumbedaal Hotel to hear the views of lon for tbe mid. 