was OUR, NEW YORK LETTER. A ? . ? .,[1*011 OtlK OWIf OORBESPONBRrlT.l, It was a notable gathering around John Leary's coffin, before they bore his mortal remains to Calvary Cemetery But though he was murdered while drank by a fellow thief, he did not die without the benefit of the clergy, for in his last moments a priest was called in, and bell, book and a candle gave him a good send off to " that bourne from whence even no crook re- turned," He had not thought much of priest or prayers for the last 35 years. Red weary, as he was known among his pain, and to the police, was a daring thief at an ; ' he had done the State service before he was 20, at 30 he was associated with the most accomplished bank his glass and cracksmen in the Country, the proceeds of several of their venture resulting in the' aggregate to millions of dollars Twelve or 14 years ago he kept a den on Chatham-square,' 'whose countrymen were takenjin'atid done for a mysterious disappearance was traced to his place, which was eventually raided by the police, and Red Leary was driven out Shortly after he got into an altercation with another thief in a cellar on Bleecker street, It was asserted on the trial that the thief drew his pistol on Leary ; whether he did, or whether he did not, the result was the same, for when the smoke cleared away the other three lay stretched, upon the floor, stone dead-end Leary stood with this smoking pistol in his hand without a scratch. Red was acquitted-the judge declaring that the only drawback to the affair was that both of them were not killed. The robbery of the bank at Northampton, Massachusetts, \- where 720,000dol*. in cash and securities were bagged, was supposed to be one of his exploits'; and the robbery of the Manhattan Savings Bank in' open day, light of nearly three millions was one of the heaviest pulls on record. . / \ The man was a paradox ; he never pretended to, be other than he was and though well known to every officer and detectives in the country as the adviser, and companion of the most noted bank thick and burglars, they never seemed to get him, in the wrong , of the crooke,' '. dead to rights," or If they ' what, he always had some Valuable information on hand that was worth more than his capture. There is little doubt that nearly two millions of -the securities stolen from the Manhattan Bank were eventually secured , through Red Leary, and also the , securities of the Bank at Northampton. Old John Lord's 'tobin bondi,' 250,000dol«. worth Mine from the same source, and numerous, '"other recoveries well known to the police. Red Leary got as friendly a greeting from, the police superintendents and detectives, at if he had been a New York alderman Inspector Burns or Bob Pinkerton never failed to pass a pleasant good day when they met, and Red Leary I see used to; feel quite proud of, their acquaintance. His sporting house on Norton's Points at Coney.., Island was the resort, not, only of most of the first class cooks in the country, but well politicians, prize fighters) brokers from Wall street and take young men about town, might be! seennightafternighthobnobbinginfrontof the bar, and every man felt while he was in Bed's place, his person and property were very much safer than they would be in a more pretentious hotel He adopted the rule so long in vogue at Harry Hill's S" No stealing' inside this ere House all experts will be old accountable for the same, ardent reformer ityVi Some of the experts did forget it, and violated this rule. Did Harry Hill hand them over to the police Not a bit of it the next time they called at his house he invited them into a back room, and there went at them with a club, and the result was that A.man's-watch or pocket book was safer in Harry "a. Hill's than it would be in a church or a Young Men's Christian Aaaa station.]/ Of late years Bed leary (adopted the same rule, and no drunken man could be fleeced' at his' bar. It was' suspected by many of his old pals, that he purchased his immunity from punishment by furnishing information to the police, and this fact possibly may have led to his death. He was followed to his grave by men of his oven class ; his wife, Red Keef the sharer of his desperate life, being the only one who could be really called a miracle. The arrest in Brooklyn of a prominent real estate man named Swimm on Tuesday last is the culmination of one of the suant little romances of our city life Mr. Swimm is an eminently respectable citizen, apparently retiring in his ways, rather clerical in his appearance, and "> in fact, regarded as one of the staunchest pillars of the Baptist Church to which he belongs. Still there must be a little of Old' Adorn left in Brother Swimm, notwithstanding his conversion and his years, for a few months ago he thought , he would have a little quiet lark, so he put an advertisement in the paper for a housekeeper, and as he advertised himself as a gentleman of means, he did not want . wrinkled old tabby, but a nice, bright]' plump, vivacious, intelligent, , accommodating housekeeper in short, just the right kind of housekeeper for a handsome gentleman of means It is hardly necessary to say that he got a bushel and a half of letters, and 173 photographs. Now Mr. Swimm didn't want any housekeeper, he had a most excellent housekeeper in Mrs Swimm, an estimable lady, who had earned his stockings and faithfully attended to the duties of Swimm's household for over 30 years Baton- the receipt of his mail Swimm looked over the letters and photos, and finally pitched upon an angelic widow in New i Haven to preside as the keeper of his mythical house. Donning his Sunday suit he kissed Mrs. Swimm good-bye, and told her that he was going to look after a little bit of real estate on which he had his eye. Now, if Mr. Swimm had said personal property it would have been nearer the truth, but he did not. Well, Mr. Swimm hurried up to New Haven and' met the charming widow, and wonderful to relate, she was just exactly Iii, e her photo but then she wasn't a widow, she was only constructively a widow, that is to say, a widow of the grass variety That was not the kind of housekeeper that Mr. Swimm was looking for she suited him to a dot and by way of land ing, the barge, in, be took her down to Blackrock on a 10 cent, excursion and there they had Bock been, tried clams, devoted lobsters, ice cream, and a jolly good time generally.' So far all was plain sailing, but Mr. Swimm had hardly reached his hotel,' his head swimming with ecstacy at his prospective bliss with his nWBöolikeeper7when a knock came at the door and a gentleman walked in, who called himself Mr. Sibley, and desired to inquire of Mr. Swimm, what in Jerusalem he had been doing with his wife ? Perhaps Mr, Swimm thought that this was Sibley's' ghost, at any rate the next day he got up and dusted for Brooklyn. i He told Mrs. Swimm that he had concluded not to invest in that properly, and made a straight, line for his office. He had hardly got seated behind his desk, when the grass widow Sibley, stood in the door with blood in her eye. She soon gave the gentleman of means to understand, that while it was an easy matter i to catch a grass widow, it was not quite so easy to get rid of her, and in her particular case it would require guilders to do it. Mr. Sibley's constitution was so badly shattered by Swimm's indeli- cate attentions to, his wife, that it required at least lO.OOOdoI. to put him in passable repair. The suit was to have come off last week, but it was understood to have been, settled out of court, for Swimm failed to] materialise. . But though Mr. Sibley's honour was satisfied, Mrs Sibley's was not, and this week she had him arrested for libel, and if she succeeds, she may convince old Swimm that widows are dangerous to fool, grass or no grass. . When ,. the Rev. Doctor Talmage finished, his bitter and scathing sermon on spiritualism, every man, woman and child in the congregation felt that it was the key-note of a fight. The reverend doctor talks like a fighter, he acts like a fighter, he looks like a fighter, and he is a good fighter-at long range. He reminds me very much of the Irishman who went out to fight a duel with Frenchman. The Frenchman was sick, so his second approawhedjtlU Irishman'! second and O-- -MM ei Id; My fWiir, my principle is so weak that he can hardly sand ; would you have anyebjectioiTif ha should lean against yonder milestone V , V Not in the late, sur ; not in the last, if you will grant me a favour,!", 5 Certainly, certainly said Um Frenchman. "Then, said the Irishman, my principal is wake too,' an I would likes have him lane against the other milestone." 