The statement that the Pope has iifc structed the Irish clergy not to sanction any process of boycotting that is intended to assist in tho violation of contracts between man and man has an interest beyond its immediate political significance. It is quite probablo that before many days are over it will be explained away. The Pope is no more independent of his adviBers than nny temporal Sovereign ; and if it should appear that political feelingin Ireland will not allow the new rescript to be enforced, we may be sure that a good deal will be conceded before the Vatican comes ; into collision with the faithful in an important province. Be sides, the question of fulfilling contracti is notoriously one that admits of a great deal of casuistry. In a well known case, where an English Commissioner, finding himself treated as a prisoner by tbe savage tribeB he bad been sent to negotiate with, agreed to certain undesirable conditions, the English Government refused to ratify the troaty, aud tbe Commissioner did not think it necessary to return like Regulus into captivity. Readers of Pascal will remember that the subtlety of theologians two centuries ago discovered a great many oases in which a contract was not a contract, and some in which to take another man's property wot not theft. It is clearly indefensible to make a promise which it would b« immoral to keep. The Bqandest Conser vative divines would absolve a tenant who, having agreed to shoot his landlord, and even, it may be, received money for the purchase of a gun, nevertheless flinched and went back on liis word when he saw his intended victim within gunshot. The particular point of casuistry which is just now troubling the Irish farmer is whether he is morally justified in paying a rent that, in conse quence of a fall in prices, will not leave Wm a fair wage for his work, and will expose his family to grt privations. The English mind, whioh has been fami liarised by centuries of civilisation with the obligations of a covenant, has no doubt whatever upon a matter of this kind. We hold that a man who gives a promise to pay for value received is bound to settle beforehand whether it iB worth his while to do it, and cannot expect to take the favorable chances for himself, while he leaves his landlord to bear the risks and the loBBes. Beyond this consi deration of simple honesty, we hold that it would be practically intolerable if men were perpetually considering whether they had not on equitable right to revise their existing agreements. If a man may pay less than he promised for the use of land because it has not answered his expectations, there seems no rea son in theory why he Bhould not re duce his office rent becnuse his pro fessional gainings have fallen off, or throw up a contract to buy wheat because he had not expected that the market would be glutted. Of course, we all assume that the present campaign against high rents is only part of a persistent effort to worry the English landlord out of Ireland. If, however, the doctrine of elastic contracts should Bink deep into the Irish mind, it may safely be predicted that it is not the farmer, but the lawyer, who will be the great ultimate gainer by the Home Rule Agitation. It is easy to see the difficulties of Pope Leo's situation. On the ono haaid is the representative of England calling upon the Vatican to interfere in the interests of eternal morality; on the other band are tho advocates of the Irish cause oleading that the present is simply a poli tical issue, iu which the Church has he right to interfere, and that the principles of eternal morality are nothing more than certain abstract resolutions like the Ten Commandments. To take an instance from every-day life, the State in England compels a clergyman to thunder out the Divine law against theft and adultery, but punishes him under other laws if he applies the Seventh and Eighth Com mandments to certain notorious offenders in his congregation. The English system is of course open to the reproach that ii maintains decorum at the expense ol efficiency, and that a clergyman who is forced to talk generalities, to admit a notorious evil liver to the communion, and to bury him with a declaration that he has gone to glory, must gradually acquire a sense that his office is a little unreal. Nevertheless, it may fairly he Baid on the other Bide that English politicfl|common sense has saved the Cnurch from a great many hopeless complications By starting from 'the first with a very temperate ideal. There ar« several difficulties which seem inseparabli from the Catholic theory of a church con trolling the moral actions of men. One is that tho men will not submit, and will be alienated from thi church, as is already threatened it the case.of Ireland. Now, it is easy foi Protestants to say that a teacher of truth is bound only to consider what counsel of perfection ho can give, and to let the recalcitrant hearer walk out of the church if he disobeys. If the Presbyterian Church decides to excommunicate all who tnko an active part in excluding Chinaman from our shores, it may cause » "good deal of angry fading for a lime, and may alienate a few adherents ; but no one supposes that it will expose those who disobey it to the chance of sternal perdition. The Presbyterian mem bers of the Cabiuet will simply take sittings in some other Protestant church. The Catholic Church still holds that no one outside its fold is secure of salvation, and therefore that it is inexpressibly important for men to remain Catholics, and, as a corollary, that the Church must be very careful not to drive them out of its communion. A Pope, actuated only by the highest motives, as we assume Pope Leo to be, might therefore be pardoned if he wavered between the obligation to' assert an abstract rule of right and the danger of exasperating a whole people into a ruinous apostasy. Beyoild this, there iB the other great difficulty — that if a Church once begins to meddle in politics, because some poli tical questions have a moral Bide to them, it is almost impossible to say where the line can be drawn. Tho famous de claration of an English Parliament, that it. would not allow the old and approved laws of EcU'.nd to be .''Hfrfvl, whs extracted from it by an attempt of the clergy to alter the laws of succession, professedly in the interests of morality. To many of. us it would seem that a Christian Church would he much better employed in advo cating legislation against the liquor traffic than in trying to throw obstacles in tho way of State education. Perhaps the only conclusion to be laid down is that no one can wish the clergy of any " Church to be indifferent to tho burning questions of the day ; bat that if they meddle directly in politics they must expect to be handled as unceremoniously as laymen. No one remembering what Theodore Parker and Channiug did to stimulate the American .conscience on the subject of- slavery, or how Maurice, KingRioy and Eraser labored for the work ing man, can wish those pages pf rpligiou3 warfare to be expunged. On the other hand, it was perhaps an advantage that : these men spoke as individuals, and not through the resolutions of a "church synod. The State everywhere has good reason to distrust the action of churches in their collective capacity ; ana though it is said that a Parliament is wiser than any one of its members, no; one assumes that even a Parliament is more conscientious than its Wilberforce or its Higinbotham. What the world' desiderates from the mouthpieces of the Holy Ghost is, not political sagacity, but moral insight. The following passage from the diary of Lord MalmeSbury will be read with; interest just now "9th July. — Third " reading of the Life Peerages Bill came " on last night in the House of Lords, " which I was determined to oppose, " although it had been supported by " Lord Derby, Lord Cairns and a " number of my party. I therefore " made a deliberate speed) agitiust it, and " to my great astonishment succeeded " in throwing it out by a majority of " 29 — 106 votes to 77— converting " to my views both my leaders aud "many others who supported the bill. I " returned from Italy on .purpose to do "this." This wa6 written in the year 1869, and it argues the slow and cautious temper that Englishmen bring to a reform which their reason approves of that 20 years should have been allowed to elapse before they Beriously addressed them selves to the consideration of the proposed change again. This time, however, there seems to be some chance of the change being carried into law. Reformation, in fact, threatens to coinein a flood. Withiu the last Bix months there -have been as many as four different schemes for the reconstruction of the House of Lords given to the public. Two of these were proposed by Peers — Lord Iiosebery and Lord Dunravcn ; while the eldest sons of peers — Mr. CurzonandMr. Borthowick —were the authors of the other two. And within the last day or two we hear that Lord Salisbury has pledged his Government to submit a fifth. What Lord Malmesbury would have said to all these revolutionary attempts to lay hands upon the most venerable parts of the Constitution can be better conceived than expressed. Lord Salisbury's pro posal includes thq very innovation of Life Peerages which brought Lord Malmes bury in red-hot haste all tho way from Itome to oppose ; and aB it met with so many supporters even in the House of Lords before Lord Malmesbury's gloomy prognostications put their good resolu tions to flight, we suppose its success may be considered as certain, on the present occasion. Lord Malmesbury's objections to it, though they served to convince his party, were, to say the truth, not very profound. He argued that if Life Peers were to be brought into a House whose special function is to represent the hereditary principle, it would no longer be a homo geneous body. In fact the Peerage would no longer be the Peerage, since the men who composed it would have unequal privileges and be no longer pares. There would be an hereditary body and a non-herec(itary body, and the public would look upon the latter as an inferior caste, possessing a vote that did not carry I with it an equal responsibility. It iB sur prising that sqch an argument should have told with such an audience as Lord Malmesbury addressed ; nevertheless, it converted them, and he lived to record tho fact Had they glanced around them for an instant they would have found an answer to him ready to hand. For do not the Bishops sit in the House of Lords, as it is at present constituted, and what are they in effeot but Life Peers V l'ot the House of Lords has pot lost character by their presence. The Bishops I have over and over again helped to defeat popular measures of great moment. They voted against the Reform Bill of 1832 almost to a man ; yet the validity of their I votes was never called in question, not- | withstanding the inferiority of the tenure I by which they held their seats. A far I more real disadvantage to legislation I might be prognosticated from the effect I of a Life Peerage Bill to increase the I bulk of the already too bulky Upper I ' Chamber ; but Lord Malmesbury did I »0t see this- Unless the measure I prescribed a maximum , number I per annum, it would give a power I to a Minister to bribe bis opponents or I reward his friends which he might be I tempted to abuse. Nay, moTO than thiB ; I it would enable an unscrupulous majority I in the House of Commons to practically I abolish the second chambelr altogether I by compelling "the Government to create I s batch of Life Peers in their interest. I This danger will doubtless 'be foreseen and gunrdod against when Lord Salisbury frames his proposed Bill by the insertion of a clause limiting the number of Life Peers. It would bo a still more use ful reform, and one more in harmony with the spirit of tho age, if he went a little, or rather a good deul, further, and reduced the number of Hereditary Peers entitled to sit aud vote in the Uouse of Lords. There is no reason why the English' Peerage should not be repre sented, as the Scotch and Iriah peerage is, by an elect number of their Order. Sueli a change would not only check the ten dency of the House of Lords to grow in bulk, but it would give it an electoral basis like the House of Commons, and secure the presence of the best men in it. Anyway, however, the Life Peerage pro posal is a step in the right direction, and it iB sure to command a certain popularity, especially with the party of compromise and those who do not want to see 'the House of Lords superseded altogether. There are distinguished men in art, science and literature whose special knowledge is at present lost to legislation because they cannot get a scat in the House of Commons ; and the Life Peerage would give the country the benefit of their services and roward them for them at the Batue time. As their title would die with them, it would not be necessary that they should be possessed of large wealth, while tlioy would bo spared the inconvenience of having a family of ennobled paupers to inherit it. No dqubt the innovation will produce somo startling results at first! If the Bishops do not go, other churches will expect to be repre sented in the new Chamber, and we may live to see a Cardinal and aAVusleyan President sitting on, the same bench with Canter bury and York. Scarcely less surprising will be the appearance of the colonial Agents-General, for whom seats were specially provided iu , Lord Rosebery's measure. Under the Life Peerage Bill of Lord Salisbury Sir Graham Berry would of course become Lord Graham Berry for the period of his natural life. ' Altogether the proposed transformation is likely to bo fraught with curious effects, wlijch are capable of indefinite extension by the exercise of d little imagination. Innovation begots innovation. So many faults might bo found with a semi- barbarous institution like the Peerage that a serious attempt to cure its defects may lead to its entire abolition. It is tolerated now, not because it serves any purpose that could not be so well served without it, but because it is an antique, aud has an artistic value in the eyes of the political virtuoso. Ab Dr. Johnspu remarked, with his habit of going to the rpot of things, "I would no more begrudge a "Peer the respect due to his title than "1 would begrudge him his money. I eou- " sider myscif as acting a part in the <jreufc " system of society, aiid so I dp to others " as 1 would have them do to me." The Peerage has played, and still plays,, a picturesque part on the dramatic stage of the .national' life, and it'holdsits own by virtue of the theatrical interest that it evokes as a State pageant rather than by any great service that it has dque, or can do, for the publio, or by any vivid appeal that it makes to the utilitarian conscience of the Time. i - 