A SENSATIONAL FALL. A DROP FROM THE CLOUDS. Some weeks ago we published a graphic description, forwarded to us by cable, of a sensational fall from a balloon at the Alex andra Park. The following is the account given by the London Referee : — Not mnriw wnnlra o rrn 4-tin LT/vmn "vv"" MtjV| JU.VUi« being questioned in the House of Com mons with reference to the lawfulness of a lady who, from Sydenham, was periodi cally going skywards, hanging by her teeth from the car of a balloon, replied that the matter was not one for his interference ; that the parties concerned must take all the responsibility, and that the danger talked of was more apparent than real. This reply arousing our suspicions, we questioned the manager of the palace of glass as to the bona fide3 of the business, and got tbe very significant reply, 'Do you think I want to run the risk of two years' imprisonment for man slaughter ?' Then, pursuing our in vestigation, we discovered that although the daring damsel did hang by het teeth in her seemingly perilous journey, sho was not quite indepen dent of other support. Tho Home Secretary was right. The danger was more apparent than real. Sydenham having had itB sensation, it was not to be expected that Muswell Hill would go long without one, and so, early in the week, the world was startled, and the Earl oE Mill- town was horrified, by the announcement chat, on Saturday, a Professor Baldwin who has been experimenting in California, would go up in a balloon to the height of a thousand feet, jump out of it, and make hiB way to earth again with nothing but an umbrella to regulate his "drop from tbe clouds." The earl mooted the in -itec in the House of Lords, aul w.t .11 that the police had been inetruc..: 1 :j make speoial inquiries as to cue nature of the proposed experiment, and, if it should prove to be dangerous, to warn the persons responsible of tho serious consequences likely to ensue in case of accident. Delightful, wasn't it ? The police were to inquire iuto all the mysteries of ' the most extraordinary scientific sen sation of the age,' were to decide at once on its merits and its propriety, and wore then to point out that if there should be an accident somebody would most probably be hurt. That is, they wero to warn the adventurous one and his associates that if everything did not go right, something would go wrong, and that if anybody was hurt somebody undoubtedly would be in jured. It needed no ghost from heaven to thll na fltdf; ntiH wifcVi PrnfoBflftr "RaMiuin and Farini, his manager, we smiled at tho sapience of Earl Brownlow, Mr. MatthewB, and Sir Charles Warren. Wo smilo more now, seeing that the bold experiment was completed, with the most extraordinary, the most surprising, and tho most gratifying success. Pretty punctually to tho time announced, the Professor pub in an appearance, and waB greeted with a roar of applause from the thousands assembled just above tho race course, where tho balloon that was to bear him aloft had been inflated. The Profes sor iB a sturdy young fellow of about 28 years of age, and his voice was brimful of confidence as he told the crowd that the distance he would go would depend upon how far ho could get — which, undor the circumstances, was a tolerably safe obser vation, based, like the manufacture of the parachute that was to bring him down, upon strictly sciontific principles. There was breathless silence among the multitude as, presently, sup. porting hiuisolf by a cord, the Profo3sor was carried rapidly from earth, and there was a short, painful sensation, and a mo ment of awful excitement, when, at a height of about 1509 feet, lie was soen to draw himself up, seize tho ring of the parachuto attached to the side of the balloon, and Bend the latter flying away into the clouds without a human bard u. Down he dropped for 200 or 300 feet, and the excitement; among the spectators got to fever heat. Suddenly tne parachute, that had been hanging loosely, like a closed umbrella, opened out, and then slowly and most gracefully tho plucky Professor approached terra firma, and amid another mighty roar of ap plause, alighted safely iu tho field im mediately below tho racecourse. Among those on tho terrace his reception was most enthusiastic, and that he was none the worso for his " drop from the clou 1 1 " waB proved by the stentorian maimer iu which he subsequently orated, and re turned thanks. "Bravo, Farini!" said Mr.. Wright, tbe well-known balloonist. " After this wo aeronauts can take a back seat." The Professor's rule is, by means of a cord, to rip a soaui in the balloon, and bring it to earth almost before his own arrival; but on this occasion, fearing to bo carried beyond tbe Park boundary, ho " let hc-r rip " on her own account, and Farini will have to spend Sunday asking the question, "Has anybody seen a balloon knocking about i'" 