St. Thomas's, North. Pine. The formal ceremony of laying the founda tion block of St: Thomas's -Anglican Churchy North Pine, -.was performed by'fiady Miisgrave on Saturday afternoon iu the presence of a con siderable company of clergy and luity. Amongst those present were the Btws. Archrteaeou Dawes, Canon Glennie,' Bernard Wilson,' Robinson (rural dean),* Guinness, Holbrook,' Matthews, Abe, Heath, and Manly Power, tho Hon. J. It. Dicksou, Captaiu mul Mrs. Heath,1 and Mr. and Mrs. W. L. G. Drew. , Ilcr ladyship, accompanied by Mr. Musgrave and a number of'visitors, travelled by special train from Brisbane aud was received at North Pino by Messrs. Pinnook, Twiddell, • Houghton, Francis, Todd, and Ashley, the members <■£ tho committee, and a uuiuber of local' rosi-* dents. After tho choir ^of St. John's-pro-; Cathcdral, under tho direction of Mr. Soymour Dicker, hud sung a processional psalm andau appropriate hymn, commencing, " Christ is tuo foundation of the house we raise,' 'por tions of Scripture were read by the Ven.; Archdeacon Dawes. Asocond hymn, " Christ is our corner-stone," followod, and prayers were offered up by tho archdeacon aud tho Row Mr. Wilson.-. Mr. Francis then presented Dady. Musgravo with a wooden mullet, and upon tho corner block being placed iu position by Messrs. Twiddell, Francis, and Todd, her ladyship with the , following , wordsr-.{>To the glory of God andin memory*' of the blessed apostle St. Thomas, we lay '.this Toundation- etone^hi the .name of the Father and*' of1 the Son,_ aiid of the Holy Ghost, Amen," declared 'it well and; truly laid. - Another;'prayer waft then offered up, and short addresses'delivered by Archdeacon 'Dawes and Mr.. Wilson/ "During the offertory which followed, the choir sang the hymnbeginning, •'The church's one'founda tion," 'and with further prayer . and.. the benediction the service was brought to a close The church when, completed will he 30 feet in length by 22 feet breadth, and capable of accommodating 76 persona.' It' is to be . constructed . entirely of 'wood at a cost of £130, and has- Ijeen. designed with the view of future extension. Mr. Bucke ridge is the architect, and Mr. Todd the con tractor. The site was given by. Messrs. Lawn andTwiddell, and with the £27 83. 6d. collected on the ground, nearly the whole of its cost has been already subscribed. At the conclusion of the ceremony light refreshments were provided for the visitors by the local committee, and the party returned to Brisbane at 0 p.m. .; 