\- llRtnlct. \- fiALUBt, brince of Denmark, had a grievance. This grievance was caused | bylhe death of his father, who according, to Hamlet's idea, was a man from the ground up, and one that you don't run across every day in the week,, not even in JBq^Ujr> pf Philadelphia. Ooe day . Hamlet heard of a stray, ghost, resembling his father very much, prowljng Around at night, and as his lather .wps in the habit , of prowling arouad at night when he was alive, Ham let came to thp conclusion that this ghost must ^hisftthgr's, Hamlet had a.friend on the police force named' Hjpratio, quid as.jthe ghost; prowled around on Horatio's beat, Hamlet laid: for thpghost;onen^ght. Horatip&nd; -Hsunlet had a little con v$rs^tiqf)i,aiid Hamlet had .smoked ;»?! couple of (cigarettes, when all of afiuddwj the ghost appeared pn time. Hamlet was almost frightened, to death for some; unknown.reason.. .Probably he thought his father. (the,ghost) had; seen him smoking the cigarettes, and was going to gi ve a lecture on the had effects of the filthy, weed, and slam him against the; fence, just a* he did before he became a spook, However, the ghost said nothing about the cigarettes, as he had more serious business in his mind, so to speak. After he'Jmd enticed Hatplet aw?y fiom Horatio, he told him a tale that made and hnfSloodstaBd on encl, and made him groan in a frightful manner. The ghost Cleared his throat, and went on to tell ho«r his own brother Claudius poured the/ juice i»f Hebenon in his ear one afternoon while tie, was gently snoozing in his own gaideri. . .This juice of Hebenon went through his system at a12.10 gait, and when it pulled out' at the grand stand, there was a dead king in Denmkrk. Claudius had won the race, but it was a mean thing for him to do. There is one redeeming feature in Claudius, and that is.he evidently repented the cruel deed he had committed, and thinking he ought to suffer some for it, married the queen, and filled his brother's place as well as he could.. After Hamlet heard the ghost's story he became verv gloomy, and went around muttering something about .gardens that needed weeding, &c.;' The consequence was that King Claudius smelt a mouse, and made up his mind to send Ham, as he was familiarly called, to some foreign countty for* the first little indiscretion he committed.' He did not wait long, for Ham soon after killed an old idiot named Polonius, for which little pleasan try his uncle Claudius sent him' to Eng land. As Buffalo Bill was not' in Eng land at the time of Ham's visit he did not eare to stay there long, and Claudius' was surprised one morning at breakfast to receive a little note from his nephew, saying he wasback in Denmark "busted," and almpst' slaryed to death. " ' Bestd&itfl; this trbuble, Hamlet had a little family feud to settle. Laertes, the son of PPloriiub, whom Ham had slain, I wis hunting' for' him ahd talked about' cutting his throat in a church, stamping 1 on him, and amusing himself generally at Ham's-expense. (Editor's note: We have made diligent research and find that the Tollivers, of Kentucky, are des cendants of Laertes.) Claudius became Laertes's business manager, and got Ham into a nice little >ole byvWjangipgs a .due^with^wpKfc, .'between' htm and Laertes. As Ham 'played theirebleheliad>tlttngs Ihh-ovm 'way at the beginning.but in the finale: where it raquired good work < by. the bast' pa-formw, Laertes put Haraout of his 'misery.. AH the other parties Triplicated kill each other, an4Jhe cqrtain de^cends/ i white glow ntusic filk the audience with anguish.-Texas Sifttttgs* il 