Onr Lnunceston Letter. FROM oua OWN CORRESrON BENT.) Lauxckstox. Tuesday. Cent, per cent, is a wonderful motto, and it is gratifying to he able to turn to one's iuspircd uncle in the hoiir of need, ns we rarely seek the whcro- witli-all from him. with the remotest idea of failure lurking in our breasts. But when one requires to muster up newsj for n pro vincial joiirnnl, anil the city in wliiuh ho resides lacks the faintest tint of oxcitc- mont, thu trouble becomes ouo thnt sub lime friends anil relatives cannot alleviate. I hare often lieanl flint to he a suecessfnl writer, whether for the press or in any other sphere, you should remember to keep your eye on your subject, and boil it down. This might he right enough, but it would hardly meet the enso here, as bv wny of news' wo have nothing to boil down, and if I. do not very soon boil 'something up, I reckon tlirre will be a boil over amongst your readers. But on behalf of " Sleepy Hollow" I would humbly crave their forbearance. By-the byo, wy hnvo the ghost of coming excitement vividly before ua on the advertising hoardings. There is ii picture of that famous Jockey Ford- ham, around which is announced the Summer llneo Meeting which takes placo to-morrow nml Thursday. Lnun ceston folks appear to have very little Intercst in this time-honored sport, anil it has been , a noticeable feature that beyond the preparations mndo by tlioso ' directly interested in the mooting, nothing unusual lias occur- red to mark the emniiig cniival. ,llc "cccourso fin. l .1 recent small-pox scare means of calling Into oxis- I er?m"! !'|,SS.' l'lu" wl,ich nro certainly n credit to the town, and which put the .Mowbray racecourse on a footing com paratively with any racecourse in the Mr. ,T. B. Curran I learn that the. contractor has live and twenty men at work, and thnt all tho improve- men s to the course will ho finished for Mcdimsday morning. Powell's, Agnew's. Keating s. nnd Kearney's horses arrived oti Moudsy, n„a PI1 Saturday lnst nil 11 « y S rrra ¥nD> I'nllaU Bookll, at d lieisorren : Lees lias clinrso of Nnvr ami e. l at uaith. and Nntirc. Mr W. All lor hronght Pride of tho Hills in to- day, and Criffs Aristleloo and Victim arrive this afternoon. Everything augurs well for a good mooting, but the interest is not so great this year ns for- lu,"ue, speculation is not nt all brisk. Ruby is looked upon to-day ns a certain thing for tho Uup sineo the scrateliiiig of Poenhoiitn.s.' The weather is at nresonfc rather boisterous, u bicrfi wiik has prevailed all day, but I hardly tliiiik tlio linromotor indicates anything beyond wind. T will send all the latest partictdars liy inrc to-nilit. Special licenses to soli liquors on the .Mowbray racecourse during the meeting were granted to Mrs. Elizabeth Evans, of the Conch and Horses, and John AA iilsh, of tho Jolly Butchers. Simonsen's Royal Italian Opera Com pany ojiencd lnst night at the Academy of Music in " II Trovatore." Of course the eoinpniiy s appearance here has been looked forward to for some time past, and every available sent in tho theatre was occupied. Tho audience was one of tfio most fashionable that luis over graced tlio building since its opening. The "J A?"' ""dor the eonductorship of Signor Roberto Hayon, and tlio ron. uenn of tho piece was a musical treat, lne acting and sininj; of the company needs little comment, ns their reputation is almost world wide, therefore, suffice it to say that their opening night was an nnpnralcllcd success in Luuneeatoii. To- night " Uu Bullo in Alarchcra " will be staged. The local quotation for tin ore yester day was 2lis per unit. Tlio Sandhurst crickotcrs met eighteen mombors of tho Longford Union Club nt that township on Alondny. Tho weather wns iinpropitioiis. but there was a large attendance on tho ground during the afternoon, nnd considerable interest was1 taken locally in tlio issue of the match. Dr. Jfugli G. Haines captained the Long- fd men, and A. AIackay the visitors. llic _ Longford men put together Mil in in the first innings, and the Sandhurst team 10(i in their two innings. The re- suit 1ms proved satisfactory to tho Union Club. The Sandhurst team left by the evening train for Deloraiue. To-day they intend paying Chudleigli Caves a visit, Tlicy go to Hobart by tiie express train oil AVeilnesdoy afternoon, and on Saturday meet the Derwent Club. Air. H. J . Dean reports the mining and investment market for the week as fol lows : — Tim declaration of £20,800 in dividends during the week by tlio Afoimt Bischoff, Argus, nnd Garibaldi Tin ititmuf; companies caused a demand for these shares at improved prices ; other tin stocks also having attention. The sum declared in dividends last week is the largest amount yet declared in Tas- mania in the same tune since tin mining became established, and as several mines in the Ringnrooma district nre now well forward with their progressive work, the list of dividend-paying ones will shortly ho added to. Tlio Atoiint Bischoff divi dend of £1 10s per share is the largest amount yet paid by that famous com pany. Shares. in consequence improved in value, £80 10s being ofl'ored, which is tlio highest sum yet giren for tho stock. Tlio exeursionisls to Hobart by the chonp fast train had a bit of bad luck when they arrived at Ross. One of the valves ot tlio engine refused to net, and nftcr much persuasion fniliug, it 'was found necessary to light up the sphre engine. The passengers thought that their intended trip had come to nil un timely end, hut it wiis 'nbt so, as after an hour and u-lialf delay (hoy wore iiguiu oiu their journey. The disabled engine was brought to town in tow as thu excursion train returned on Sunday night. Tho St. Joseph's Batuf Reception Com mittee hnvo nil preparations made for tlio arrival of; tlio ;hand by the s.'s. l'nteena to-day. It is inlciulcil thut tho com mittee meet tho slenmcr, and drivo tho hand triumphantly on 'kussos to the Cornwall Hotel, where n banquet will lie held, to which Indies will ho admitted by iioKut. oniy. aii uie evening a grand promenade concert will ho given by tho uaiid at' tho Town' l'ark, and the contest pieces will be rendered. 