AOTA POPULI. — ? $ ? ? By the Flaneur. .'. TaE days of the ' professional Governor' have passed. Our 'professional Premier' has weighed him in the balance and found him to be a greater fraud than the 14 cwt. which is said to constitute the child-like coal-seller's ton. Therefore, tlie professional Premier has given the professional Governor the usual notice to look out for another place, and in a terrible speech just made he ex plains that his 'aughty hedict recently sent to the ] Homo Secretary means this — ' the termination of ?- what might be termed professional Governors; 1 that the time had come when no man, as a mere ; step of promotion, should be appointed to the 1 government of these colonies.' Parkes has spoken. Let Knutsford tremble and obey ! ; If Sir Henry had stopped short in the middle of , his speech on these guber national appointments ? we might have forgotten that, as usual, he is ? only trying to play the cuckoo game, and appro- , priate the nest already made by another — this . time by Premier Mr. M'llwraith — but he , tired at the finish, and drifted into a lot of | drivel about a monster federation of Eng land, America, and Australia that no one would dream to be possible to emanate from any , man outside of a lunatic asylum. America would no more federate with England than Puls ford would with Wise, or Tim Fogarty would with Pastor Allen, because America has had experience of the beautiful benefits to be derived from such a union, and would as soon think of hooking on again as a fox would of dancing round on a trap in whieh he had previously left his tail. Looking over the speeches delivered on the occasion of this debate one shudders to think what would have been done to the speakers — or even to the Premier himself — had their speeches been de livered when the Kiarna Ghost passed his awful Treason Felony Bill, for greater treason than what was uttered could not be conceived by the most vindictive Socialist that England holds. Mr. Dibbs (like every other sensible man) believes tbat, sooner or later, the colonies will pack the grand old mother country about its business, and treat it with the same contempt that it would a Rooshia or a Proosia 5 and Dawvid Buchanan, who never considers thab anything proposed by others goes far enough (except the rates at which his property is assessed, and the board and lodg ing bills at country hotels), wants to haul out his guid claymore and slosh the doin'd painter in twa at once. This is simply awful, and I fear the end of the world must be close at hand. By the way, that ' Kiama Ghost' was a cunning old dog after all. The moment he was at the cenith of his power and fame he suddenly dropped out from public notice altogether, and in spite of even the taunts that he resembled Sairey Gamp's friend, Mrs. 'Arris, and there was 'no sich a person,' he remained as silent and still as John Davies did when he fell into that big Coonanbarra hat and was politicaUy'^smothered. That cute old goblin knew what he was about, however, and did not stop out for nothing. Even Parkes, who resurrected him in the first instance, seems to have lost sight of him ; but Mr. Ghost was care fully working his own little bit of underground engineering all the time. His game was ' blown' the other day, however, for on Sir 'Enry's visit to Kiama the people crowded round and indignantly pointed out thaji the downy old ghost had actu ally got a railway running up 'agin his own door.' ' Among the first things pointed out to the Premier,' says the telegraphic report, ' was the fact that the Kiama railway, for some in ex' plicable reason, stopped short at the graveyard, and did not come into the town.' The secret was out at last. The ghost had done the smartest piece of log-rolling on record, and as I before observed, had worked the oracle so well that the railway ter minus was bang ' agin' M3 own vault's back door. The convenience of this for a ghost is at once ap parent, for of course he rode on the 'dead-head'' every time. Even the Premier had to admit that the ghost had beaten him at his own game j and when the Rev. Mr. Heigh way, in his own off handed way remarked at the banquet board that poor Angus Cameron would drop his £40 if he ever tried to run for Kiama again, everyone un derstood tbat the coming member for the district was the cunning old Kiama Ghost, and Sir 'Enry's silver mane stood up on end with fright as he thought of the day when the ghost would walk even into his own Colonial Secretary's chair. Advance Australia — and long live the Ghost. Ninny Melville has raised a ghost of his own, but it seems to be a mean little beggar of a thing after all. One would naturally imagine that Ninny would be one of the best judges of ghosts in the land, but the one he has favoured the Little Bay Hospital with seems to be nothing better than the mean old spirit of some departed ' hotel barber' or light-fingered party who samples the clothes of lodgers when they chance to be asleep. Ninny's ghost seems to want company too, for it is said he stands at the bodsido of typhoid fever patients and endeavours to per suade them to give this world best and ' walk into his parlour' out at Rook wood. It is a bitter commentary on the moral character of latter-day ghosts, however, to hear bhat all the midnight visitations of Ninny's ghost are marked by the subsequent loss of tins of hospital jam, canned poultry and tomatoes, and sundry bottles of in valids' port wine, and, on the whole, it is about the most disgraceful and disreputable Australian spirit I have ever sampled — Cooktown rum ex cepted. Alfred Allen has a grievance, and a remarkably high old grievance it is too. He wants that fair pision of beauty, our ' Scentennial Park,' lifted bodily up and dumped down 25 miles out at sea, just the same as the refuse from the Glebe Abat toirs is treated. The whole of the thousands voted for the completion of this fad of the Premier'B has been squandered, and the result, according to Dr. Quaiffe, is that a most danger ous hot-bed of disease has been formed, and is already playing up Old Harry, not only with the health, but with what some people consider to be of more consequence, the very house rents of Paddington. The Park is at present gor geously carpeted with deceased dogs, goats and cat3, decaying rags, ancient vegetables, and boots whose soles of glory have for ever fled, the whole being alternately soaked in splendid dish-water, and then fried to a turn by the scorching sun. Sir 'Enry declines to admit that there is anything unhealthy about his beauteous Scentennial how ever, and he thinks if the people had any sort of true aesthetic taste they would trudge out there every afternoon and sit down and enjoy the scent and scenery 5 while such as were of a scientific turn of mind coiild lie on their backs and catch as many flies with their mouths in one hour as would fill the whole of the Sydney Museum. Jaw bone Neild was one of the far-seeing patriots who voted for this Park of Pollution, but Nemesis has overtaken him at last, for he has never been able to keep his moustache stiff since the sweet 'Scentennial' began to diffuse its EaudeCologne like odours. Alfred Allen voted for it als©, and Nemesis has hold of him by his front hair too, for his aboriginal muse, not being able to stand the aroma, has deserted him and gone to live with Trance-Medium Tom Walker. Alfred's once melting moving lines are therefore now as limp as Neild's moustache, and if they move a man at all they move him to murder Alfred. And it's all on account of that sweet Scentennial. The selection of the majority of our municipal magnates has for years past proved the criminal carelessness of Sydney citizens over a matter which should be of vital importance to them. The aldermanic elections are on again, however, and one glance at the way the game is being played is enough to show the kind of men who expect to make capita out of the carelessness just alluded to. In Cook Ward, for instance, Mr. George Perry, the Domain howler, occasional temperance advo cate, and champion long-winded spouter on things in general, announces his candidature. With just enough ability to act the part of clown to a dog-and-monkey circus, 'Jorge' combines an amount of 'cheek' sufficient to supply every bookhawker and ' bagman' in the land, and in addition to these he is blessed with a fine fuzzy old voice which sounds like the meeting of a double-barrelled fog-horn and a Chinese riot. Mr. Perry has had some little experience in electioneering matters, as he was sent up to run the teetotal cause at Gloucester on the memorable occasion when Mr. J. C. B. P. W. X. Y. Z. &c.; &c.; Seaver was elected. I don't know how the ' cold water' cause fared on that occasion, but I don't think Mr. Perry was an unbounded success, because ' perry' is the name of an intoxicating drink made from pears, and, therefore, ' Jorge's' hind name is 'dead agin him.' He seems to have amused the people, for a time, however, as they evidently mistook him for the Fakir of Ooloo, and repeatly asked him to show them the ' bottle trick,' or sing a comic song. That fixed poor ' Jorge's' flint at once, and it is remarkably strange that he seldom alludes to his Gloucester tour. In the Gipps Ward, again, tbat brilliant genius, Mr. I. E. Ives, M.P., has suddenly struck the idea that there is great need just now for municipal reform, and in order to secure that reform he has pitted his own miserable imbecility against the ability and vigour of the greatest real reformer that ever sat in a seat in Sydney's Council — the people's tried and honest friend, through thick and thin — John Douglas Young. For eome time part Mr. Idiot Egotist Ives has practically disfranchised part of St. Leonards by his misrepresentation of it, and it is safe to say that sine e his election the only times in which he has opened his mouth to any purpose have been when he has paid a visit to the refreshment-room at meal times. In the House the chief sounds that have escaped from him have been sonorous sounds which reminded one of the maddened poet's bitter lines — The zophyrs will die when the night gone, But the blasted troinbono will still snort on. This is the deluded dodderil who considers that he has a call to reform our municipal ways, but it ia impossible to conceive that even the inmates o£ a lunatic asylum would vote for him against such a sterling, honest worker in the people's interests as J. D. Young. 