CURRENT TOPICS. WE have to thank Mr. Richard Green for a contribution to the discussion on the wheat and flour duties, which strongly sup ports the millers' contention that at present they are unfairly handicapped. Mr. Green writes:-" I notice in this morning's paper a. leading article re flour and wheat imports, and fear the writer has not taken into account the difference in cost of one ton flour and 50 bushels wheat, and so got mixed in his profits. I will use your own figures, and, perhaps, express it more clearly. An importer of one ton flourpays £8 17e 7d, and it is worth £9; proft, 2s Id. A. miller imports 50 bushels wheat, cost £10 lels 3d, manufacturing 13s 8d, total .£11 4s lid, and it sells for .11 is 3d; loss, 3s Sd." We regret that, in Mr. T. W. Monds's letter of 10th inst.,aprinter's error made the sentence " the difference in daty, etc., is fully 10s per ton on every ton of flour in favour of the Victorian miller" read "10 per cent.," which impaired the sense of the passage. To-DAT the footballers to represent the north in the North v. South junior match, to be played at Hobart to-morrow, leave by the express in charge of Mr. A. Scott. The senior representatives, who are said tobe in good form, will meet at the Royal Tas man Hotel this evening. Our Hobart correspondent telegraphed last evening as follows :--" Some members of the Railway FootballClub were dissatisfied at K. Burn not being in the southern team selected for Saturday's match, and threatened that they would not play. The annoyance, however, has passed over, and the team as selected will proceed to Launceston to morrow. A GREEN PONDS correspondent writes: A case of considerable local interest came before the Police Court on Saturday. Some children, while playing on the bank at the side of the road, unearthed a dozen old Spanish dollars. The father of some of these children kept them in his posses- sion without giving notice to the police, and was fined 5s. It may not be generally known, but upwards of 30 years ago a Mr. KBmp was robt ed of a considerable number of Spanish dollars, and as no clue could be found to the missing dimes those discovered may possibly be a portion of the stolen ones. The coins are in a good statO of preservation, ana dating in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.— The tenders for our railway have attracted considerable notice. Already about a dozen contractors from this island and the neighbouring colonies who, one and all, seem well pleased with the general aspect, having visited the spot. Some have expressed themselves able to have it in running order as far as here in twelve months. The greater amount of the labour appears to be between this and Milton, where so many hollows have to be filled in, and the general run of this portion being only slight undulations, the earth required for these fillings mast be brought from a considerable distauce, necessitating a longer delay in construstion, and a greater outlay for labour and rolling stock. A DEPUTATION consisting of the follow ing gentle non from the North-West Coast, Messrs. Tames Smith, C. H. Hall, R. W. Alford, W. I. Bell, W. Wheeldon, W. Alcock, T. Wiseman, left by the afternoon express yesterday for Hobart, and will, with hen. W. Moore, this evening interview the Minister of Lands in order to induce the Government to continue the main road, the surveyed road, from Waratah to Corinna. Part of the road has been opened out ata cost of between £2000 and £3000, timbered, felled, and cleared a distance of nearly seven miles. It junc- tions with the present Pieman-road at the 11 mile board from Waratah, which leaves four miles to be opened out to that point. The proposed road will avoid the deep gorge of the Arthur River, and the ascent and descent of the Magnet Range, making easy gradients to the Heazlewood silver field, and give great facilities to miners and prospectors to carry on their operations. It is stated also that tin deposits have been discoveredon the new line of road within five miles from Waratah, and the Stanley P.A, have men at work there, so that by opening up the distance asked by the deputation it would give a great impetus to tin, silver, and gold miners, this being the main road from Waratah to the West Coast. It is con tended that neglect in the continuation of this road really means stagnation, as it would not pay to cart the silver lead ore from the Heazlewood mines at the present ruinous rate of carriage. In consequence of the condition of the road at present used the cost of packing over it is very high, as much as 3d per lb being charged from Waratah to Long Plains, 22 miles, and 2d per lb to the Heazlewood, 18 miles. Several horses have lately been killed owing to the rough state of this track. It is contended that the proposed route is in every way suitable for both main road and telegraph route, and, in addition, would be suitable for a tramway, if one is con- structed between Waratah and the Heazle- wood. Tns services in connection with the I united meetings of the churches, for exhortation and prayer, were continued yesterday. A prayer meeting was held at midday, at the Y.M.C.A. rooms and a sorvice, which jwas well attended, at the Memorial Church, Wellington-street, in the evenintg. The Rev. H. Greenwood presided at the latter, and several ministers r and layman offered prayer. Miss Stephen son presided at the organ, and led the frequent singing of Sankey's hymns. The Rev. W. Law gave a thoughtful, impressive address, on "The Adoption of Sons." In a certain sense, said the preacher, all persons were sons and daughters of God, He is the Father of all spirits, and He claims "all souls are mine." Had that r truth been acted upon in past ages, what a different history the race would have had. The fact of the Universal Fatherhood of 1 God strikes at the root of everything I inimical to human progress and dishonour. ing to God. Men had broken from God, and He said to a listening universe, "I Ihave nourished and brought up children, t and they have rebelled against me." God has thankless children. A central truth in theology not yet understood by the churches was-that man's sinfulness is \- God's misery. The father suffered more than the prodigal son of the parable. God's grieved heart finds expression in "Return unto me, ye backsliding children!' The true happiness of the race consists in the I adjustment of its relationship to God. Men became God's children in the second birth, through "the washing of regenera- tion and renewing of the Holy Ghost." The benefits of sonship were a supply of material and spiritual wants, epiritual education through various processes, heir. ship of God's inheritance, and all which that implied here and hereafter. Believers should be loving and dutiful, service was a sequence of privilege--"We love Him because he first loved us." An earnest s appeal was made to "adopted" ones to be t loving, obedient, and to cultivate an assimilation to the Divine life in respect to 1 the Father, and be loving and helpful to 1 the brotherhood. Let the hearers take a care they did not become-as seducers, drunkards, Sabbath-breakers, scorners children of the devil. The concluding a service will be held at Christ Church this evening, when the Rev. C. Price will pre side, and Pastor Soltau will give an address on "The Dead made Alive," followed by a united communion service. The midday prayer-meeting as usual. WHaN Thomas Campbell wrote his powerful poem, " The Pleasures of Hope," it is doubtful if he was awaiting payment for services rendered to the paternal Government of an ungrateful country. The members of our local volunteer forces Swho took part in the nlast Easter oncamp ment are at present experiencing the S"pleasures of hope," but, unlike Camp- bell, they have not as yet broken into Srhlyme on the subject, in fact their utter Sances on the question tend altogether in a a direction contrary to such as would be \- anticipated had they had any leaning s towards inspiration from the divine muse. s The act provides that all volunteers 5 engaged in camp should be paid a certain ,sum per day during such period. This is a very proper provision, and one that should be carried' into effect as soon as possible after the date of Sencampment. However, our volunteers up to the present, although three months have n passed since Easter, have not received a penny of the money due to them by the Government for their services, the circum- stances being rendered harder by the fact that that many of the members of our Defence Force were placed at considerable expense through loss of time entailed whilst attending at their "country's call." It is to be hoped the Government will see its way towards at once discharging this t liability, and by so doing end the dissatis- faction at present prevailing. TnTu July number of the Day Star, the organ of the Tasmanian Baptist Church, is to hand. Ihe front page contains a portrait of the famous inventor of cotton spinning machinery — Sir Richard Ark- wright-with pictoral insidents in eon nection with his wonderful career, and which is chronicled in the accompanying sketch of his life. The leading article deals with the subject of "The New Theon logy" from Mr. Spurgeon's old fashioned stand-point, and says "the New Theology, then, must be opposed if Christianity is to retain its position as an unerring guide to happiness and heaven." The issue con- tains a vigorous sermonby Mr. Spurgeon, and varied interesting extract matter, besides churhek news. THE programme of the T.T.C. Spring Meeting, which is to be held on Wednesday, November 28. ispublished. The firstevent is the Newnham Hurdle Handicap of 85 sovs, about a mile and a half ; Spring handicap of 10 sors, one mile anda half ; Flying Handicap of 30 soes, three-quarters of a mile; Spring Steeple Handicap of 60 sovs, about 21 miles; and Recovery Han dicap of 25 soees, one mile. The second will receive 5 soves out of the stake, except ing in the Steeplechase, in which the amount is 10 soes. Nominations close on Monday, October 22, at 6 p.m., and weights are to be declared on 17th, and aceceptances to be made half an hour prior to time of starting. YESTERDAY morning the local Police Court was occupied chiefly in the settle- ment of trivial assault cases, in which the usual contradictory accounts were stated by the various parties concerned. Messrs. E. Whitfeld, Acting P.M., and Mr. Camp- bell, J.P., were on the bench. Albert Smith and Joseph Gentleman mutually charged each other with assault in Bris bane-street on Sunday night. Both young men are among the "old familiar faces" of the Police Court, and with the wisdom of eastern cadi, the bench fined each 5s and costs. Mr. A. H. Davis appeared for Gentleman.-In another case of assault, Timothy TIoy, an elderly man, charged another old man named Petor Thompson with hitting complainant about the face in a manner which showed that the vigour of youth had not yet departed from the assailant. Complainant's eye was parti coloured, and he brought other marks of evidence on his face to prove the charge. As elicited from the evidence, it appeared defendant had been anxious to pay a con jugal visit on Sunday evening to his spouse, from whom; he had been living apart for some time. She, who was busy "reading a chapter" when he called, ordered him to "clear out," and complainant, who was a boarder at the grass- widow's estab- lishment, came out of his room to see the fun, but was saluted by a series of blows which prevented him seeing anything. The defence was virtually that complainant was endeavouring to act Paul Pry to an in- appreciative audience. The wife appeared in support of the lodger, and her unworthy lord was fined £1 and costs. — A drunkard was fined 10s and costs, and Susan Long- staff was brought up on remand with leaving her child, Arthur William, without means of support. Prisoner said she was unable to support her son, and a lady in court was ready to adopt him. This was found to be correct, and the case was re- manded till Tuesday to allow of the neces- sary formalities being gone through. IT seems a pity after trouble and expense have been gone to in stocking our lakes and rivers with trout and other serviceable fish, that the regulations made by the Government for the protection of such should be set at naught. The trout are supposed to be protected from April 30 until September, four months out of the twelve, but from reliable information received it is understood that hardly a week passes without numbers being taken from the South Esk River by persons who evidently have no desire to see the fish accumulate. A strict watch kept on the locality throughout Saturdays and Sundays especially, during the close season, would doubtless have the effect of bringing some of the offenders against the act to light. The wild pigeon, one of our most popular native birds, is also supposed to come under the protection of the law for a certain season of the year; but from what can be gathered from farmers throughout the country, the Government are at present engaged in destroying a very small percentage of rabbits and a remark- ably large one of wild pigeons. The poisoned grain laid for the rabbits is eagerly sought for by the pigeons, with the result that on some estates where poison is placed, dozens of those fine birds are found lying dead in the neighbourhood of the trenches morning after morning. Of course it may be necessary to exterminate the rabbits, but it seems a pity that numbers of our best native game must perish at the same time. AT the last meeting of the Hobart Marine Board three tenders were con- sidered for the erection of a lighthouse and quarters at the Mersey Bluff. The successful tonderers were Messrs. T. and R. Duff, the amount of whose tender was £1559. THE members of the Parliamentary Debating Society meet at the Mechanics' Institute this evening at 7.30 o'clock, when the business announced comprises the con- sideration of the desirableness of establish- ing farmers' institutes, the public works scheme, and other questions. We received the following communica tion from the local Telegraph-office last evening:-" Mr. Warren advises-' The New Zealand cable is temporarily inter- rupted. The repairing steamer Sherard Osborne is now removing the fault, and communication will probably be restored in the morning.' " We understand that Mr. T. C. Just, J.P., has been appointed Police Magistrate at Latrobe during the illness of Mr. G. A. Kemp, and that Mr. T. P. Cowle has been appointed Acting-Commissioner of the Court of Requests at Torquay. THE full programme of the pigeon shooting contest, which is to take place on the Mowbray racecourse on August 1, under the management of Mr. E. H. Panton, appears in our advertising columns. The first event is a sweep of £1, three birds, 20 3 yards rise. The next is the Grand Inter- colonial Handicap of £100, first prize, £60; second, £25; and third, £15; nine birds and prizes guaranteed. The third event is a double bird match of £2 each, 21 yards rise, three pairs of birds. Fourth event, £1 sweep, three birds, 25 yards rise. The fifth event is a handicap sweep of £1. The shooting will be under the Melbourne Gun Club rules, and will start at 11 o'clock. The nominations for the Intercolonial Handicap, accompanied by two sovereigns, must be in the hands of the hon. secretary, Mr. E. H. Panton, at the Enfield Hotel, on Monday week, the 23rd inst. A goodly number of entries have already been re- ceived. We are requested to call attention that an alteration has been made in the time of the days on which tenders for publis works (adver- tised in another column) will be received, the alteration being 10 a.m. instead of noon, as previously intimated. THE United Service Lodge, E.C., is an- nounced to meet at the Masonic Hall at 7.30 o'clock this evening. MRS. WHETMAN announces she resumes school duties on the 9th inst.; Miss Richardson re- sumes her teaching of music and singing on the 25th, and Mr. A. Wallace on the 16th inst. ' ROUGH ON ITCH." - Rough on itch cures skin humors, eruptions, ring worm,tetter, salt rheum, frosted feet, chilblains, itch, ivy poison, barber's itch. " ROUGH ON CORNS."-Ask for Wells's rough on corns. Quick relief, complete, permanent cure. Corns, warts, bunions. At chemists and druggists. 3 WINTER BOOTS.— We have again the pleasure of drawing the attention to the grand display of seasonable boots and shoes at present on view in the windows of the Boot Palace at the corner of Brisbane and Charles streets. The collection is even more varied than shown heretofore, and the prices lower than ever. We strongly recom- mend an early call at this establishment. WHAT will Magic Soap do ? It will clean clothes in twenty minutes without rubbing or soaking. Try a bar from your grocer. R. MILLER AND Co., sole makers. 