SPORTING NOTES FROM NEW ..Z5ALAHDI Br Beadswan. CURISTCHOBCH, D*0.1L The ouly noe meeting that hM l»en browbt off elnoe I teat wrote hat been* am ail gathering at land Bay, Wellington. The ialawll Bey Baaing Club hare recently " given op the ghoet," hot before th«lr ttoid ttlaKlotlon they deddo« to noonpMilt Uwfr •e^Ury. Mr-O. DonM ftiitt' titik »Sd Ibe ft>et obd IftaWT* jjwJ* tb« ^ trot * lii^'lUadidOoS* bm ^Sf ««■& 5» tint <_: by VoltSf«ar--B«M - tyial cioaiwp or « and the Final Handicap of SO both, one mile, carrying 7st 21b. in the former, and Sat. Jib. in the latter, and with 7«t up wa* also -second. to The Spy (7st. 41b.) in the Complimentary Handicap of 6S aovs., one mile and three furlongs. In addition to being victorious in this event, the Spy appropriated the Welter Handicap, one mile and a distanoe. The Bpy is by Hornby (winner of the Canterbury Derby of ' 1879). out of Bribery (winner of the Great Autumn Handioap of 1877). £1,662 went through the total! satorSL The chief topio of Interest in racing oircles now is the Auokland Cup of 600 sovs., two miles, which oomesoff on Boxing Day. tfanton, Loohiel, and British Lion, leave here to-morrow, to take part In it Of course, the first-named is a warm favourite, but he has a big task set him in being esked to oerry 8st. 71b home. The valuable Great northern Derbv of 760 govs., run on New Year's Day. looks a good thing for him. Air. Butler tells me he has nominated the colt for the Sydney Turf Club's Anniversary Handioap and, as I announced in a previous letter, he will also be entered for the Newmarket Handioap and Aus tralian Cup. One of the best mares in the New Zealand "Stud Book " has paid the debt of nature. This was No Name, who died of old age at the Russley stud a few days ago. No Name was bred in Canterbury In 1867 and was by Traduoer out of Emma, by Gil Bias— Emily, by Operator—Flora M'lvor. She ran on the turf with only moderate success, and was put to the stud as a five year old. Her first two foals were of no account; but her first union with the imported Tbormanby horee Albany produced Nemo, who won several sprint races for Mr. Malloch. He was,;how ever, though extremely tost, cursed with a most erratio temper, and died as a four year old under the effects of the operation of castration. After producing a filly to Traitor that turned out almost worthless. No Name missed to Albany. Next season (1878) she produced Nonpareil to Horari, and this horse, after running third to Tbo Dauphin and Fits-Heraules in the Canterbury Derby, went - from had to worse, winding up by running in small hack races. To Albany, in 1879, No NatAe produced Nonsense, who is now one of the Russley stud matrons. She was a tiptop two-year-old, and was only beaten a head by Tssman for the New Zealand Cup ol 1883. OudeiR, wbo is now over in Victoria, was No Name's next production, and when he left here for Victoria he bad an unbeaten certificate. Carlton, No Name's progeny of the following year, disappointed Mr. Stead on several oooasions after being highly tried,and that gentleman sold him for a song to go to the West Coast, where he soon afterwards died. The imported Cadogan was No Name's next love, and the progeny was Lady Gertrude, who could hardiv go fast enough to warm herself, and is now in the Horn G. M'Lean'e stud, and whit is more is one of the most shapely brood mares. Her first fosl, Blicssrd, won the Belling Two-year-old Race at Dunedln on November 80. A return to Albany resulted in No Name's producing Disowned, who won tor the Hon. W, Robinson the Canterbury and Auckland Lierbiea, sod is now in Victoria. No Name missed the following year, and in 1884 she visited both Albany and Cadogan, and foaled Bar Sinister, who died after his two-year-old career; and I happen to know Mr. Stead, who owned him, had a veiy high opinion of him. No Name's two-year-old colt by Albany was purchased by Mr. 8. H. Gollan, of Napiesi for 4CO guineas, and has not yet performed, and her yearling daughter, also by Albany, was bought by Mr. Stead for 165 guineas at the' recent sale of the Russley yearlings. Goodman has sold Bomneil to a Mr. Prendergast, and I believe the eon of Apremont aDd Hammock will be taken to Victoria. Somneil won the Cbrtst church Welcome - Stakes as a two year old, and stretched Carbine's neck in both the Canterbury Champagne and Challenge Stakes. Asa three year old he only appeared in the Geraldine Cup, which ne won, and he went lame just afterwards, and has not been seen out since, " 1 should doubt bis standing a pre paration, more especially as Goodman was content to take suoh a low price as 70 guineas for him.' Somneil is half brother to Sbrnnns, who made each a bold show in your Derby of 1881. A good deal of interest will be evinced over the sale of the N.Z. Stud Company's' year-' lings on tbo 4th prax., and wo are expecting to hear Of some Australian buyers " chipping in." Dan O'Brien, though having no horses engaged at the Auckland summer meeting, has already gone north, presumably to "quia" the yearlings in the hopes of picking up another Trenton or Carbine. • •• • 