j WAS B E F O R E. A SERJIOX hy c. H. SPURGEON'. "Wlio was 9sfro a blMplicmcr, and a portccutor. and j_ . injurious."— I Timothy 1. 13. + t not so'ne to dwell at tills time npou the special Items of the t«t aa to what Paul was before h s coRVcr- sisn because none of lis hase been cxactlj aa lie was. Ue iiare all pone aalray like lost sheep but each one 0! us lias token a distinct course from all tbe reat. 1 ou .n,i«orit>n rottr transcrcssions in very dlf- Kt wools from tlieseused by tbe apostle, because voitrs has been a different form of puHt from Ills. Paul Lid"r himself that ha "was D.foro a blasphemer, and „ persecutor, nnd injurious." Saul of Tarsus was a blas- Shomcr. lie does not say that be was an unbeliever imd an objector, but lie uaes a very strong svord, though not too strong, nnd aaya that lie was a bliiB- phemer. He was a downright, thorough going blas- phemor, who also caused others to blaspheme. From biasphemr, which la a sin of tho lips, Sau proceeded to persecution, which is asln of the bauds. Hating Christ he hated His people too. He was also injurious, which I think Becgel considers to menu that ho was a des- Piser. That eminent critic says, "blasphemy was his sin towards God. persecution was his sin towards the church, and despising was his sin in his own heart. He was injurious — that is, he did all he could to damage the cause of Christ, and thereby injured himself, lie kicked against the pricks, and by doing so Injnred his own conscience. Haying sinned thus grievously, 1 aul makes a full record of his guilt In order th-t he i may magnify the graco which saved orcn the chief of ain- D"v'ewlll consider the case of Taul just a minute or two, because it is a type and pattern of ihe work of God's grace in other believers. He tells us In the lGth verso of this chapter, "For this cause I ob tained mercy, that In mo first Jesus Christ might show forth all long suffering, for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on Hhn to life ever- lasting." He was a model convert, a typical instance of divltio longsuffcring. a pattern and specimen cf all who believe on Christ, and all conversions are to a large extent similar to that which transformed tho blasphcm- lo&i; paraecntinff, despising Saul of Tarsus Into tho great Apostle of tho Geutilea. Now, notice when ho is describing ids own past life how he dwells upon it with painful minuteness. Ho Is not speaking boforo God In private, as was Job in the words wo havo quoted, else I can cunccive that ho would paint his sin in still darker colors; but he is answering for himself before King Agrlppa touching the things of which ho had been accused by the Jews, and you will see that lie puts his oilonco agaiust Christ and His Cnurch In as strong a light as lie very well could. His enemies hare no such accusation to bring against him as that which ho volun tarily makes against himself. First, ho says in the 10th versa of the 26th chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, which we read just now, "Many of the saints did I shut up in prison." Those whom he shut up In prison were saints. To imprison the guilty were no fault, but to maltreat and shut up holy men was indeed blameworthy. He confessed that they were saints, saintly persons, but ho committed them to prison for that very reason, because they were Christian!!, and therefore their saintly lives did not protect them from his malice, but made them so much the more objects of Ills cruel hatred. He says that he hunted the saints, and not merely a few of them, but " many of the aain'sdid I shut up In prison." Ho lays stress upou the word "many," not half a dozen here and there, tut scores and hundreds suffered through him and his persecuting band. He crowded the rrlsous wUh tho followers of Jesus Christ. 44 lie that touchctli you toucheth the apple of His eye," aaith the Lord of Hosts when addressing captivo Zion. One touch of a caint of God injuriously given will be painful to the Lord ; how much more, then, when there arc many such touches, and when he whose hand has done the evil deed has to confess, "Many of the saints did i shut up hi prison." We may bo quite suro that he did this because they were Christians, for the ninth verse puts it thus— 44 1 Tcrily thought with myself that 1 ought to do many things contrary to the name of Jesus of Nazareth." It was Jesus of Nazareth he was aiming at, though his blows were directed against His fol lowers, It was because the name of Jesus was named upon these people that they. were put in prison. NiW, this is no small sin— to persecute holy mcrv.to imprison many of them, andtbdoso'almpiy because they boilevcd in Jesus Christ. The apoatlo felt that this put exceeding blttomcss into the gall of his transgression— that ho had lifted up unholy hands against the members of Christ's body, and through them had wounded their over- glorious Head. More than this, he did not merely put shut up iu prison." Some persona in prison have had a measure of liberty, as Joseph had, but Saul took care that theso believers should be atrnightlv shut up, that they should have no liberty. Ho put'them into the common gaols, locked them up, and made their feet fast iu the stocks, causing them to suffer even us ho and his companion Silas afterwards did iu the prison at PhilHpl 4 Now, I want you, dear friends, who know the Lord, to follow rac In a very ' simple way, rather bv your emotions than by anything oise. 1 want the "text of my senaon to bo "I was." The apostle tells ns what he was— what ho was before conversion. Now, 1 want you to think what you were b;forc the grace of God met with you, and changed you. I do not know that I shall help you much to recollect tho de tails of your bId, for almost the last time I stood hero 1 dld that when we spoke of Peter fiom the words— "When he thought thereon ho wept;" but I want you to see seven very profitable inferences which will ailso out of an impartial retrospect of your life before conversion. i. The first, I think, will be that if we think of what we were it wiU incite in us adoring grati tude. Pail was full of gratitude, for ho thanked Christ Joiiithat he counted him .faithful, putting him into tiic ministry. He Is co glad of the favor of God that when he comes to the 17th verse he must put down his pen while he sings, 4Now unto the Kiug eternal, immortal, Invisible, tho only wise God, be lienor nnd glory , for over and ever. Anion." if, then, you aud I look back upon what we were before the Lonl saved us, we, too, shall be full of adoring gratitude a3 we tljlnk of even tho least of all the lAvors that Ho has bestowed upon us. 44 1 an uotwoithy," said tho patriarch Jacob, wlion ho was returning to his country at the command of God—" I am not worthy o! the least of all tho mercies, and of a. I the truth, which Thou hast showed unto Thy ser vant," and we can each one say tho same, Is it not a wonderful thing that you who were— I will not aay what, you know what you were, and God knows— that you should be a teacher of others ; that you should be permuted to stand up and speak of pardon bought with b.ood; that you should be allowed to talk of holiness though your lips used to speak of any other th-juie bin that; that you should be allowed to extol the Christ lor.whom you had no words of praise a iiitlc while Jgo, for whom, indeod, you liad .only words, of con tempt and scorn if Paul was astonished to think that ue was put into tho ministry; and when 1 look back tipou my own life boforo I knew the Lord, 1 am amazed that cror I should stand here, seeing that for so long 1 refused my Lord's lore, and put aside His favors, and would have none of them. Ah,- 1 did not kuow what twf i W.n t0 me 0110 daF did, I then think cat i should eicr stand hero to t "Tell to ilnncrs round, What a dear Saviour I have found. " But it does fill me with gratitude which makes mo bow SSiS . oa .in llian,if"1 adoration to think that He a-ould looked on me, aud to know that " unto Se„', n5 weU ?' unt0 rau1' "1' this grace gtTen, that 1 rirt. rr"'c l 'JUS .Uto GcntUea tho unacarchahlo ncnei ol Christ." ?c,?oud vcrF Wciicd inference two can only wVrAwJY up?u,cach onj Is tliat a sense or what wo were should sustain in us very deep humility. rotor MS of ,tl10 "Phe Paul, and I would to ii£ V "Proton of It In tho flrat cpljtlo 9ih tir«. 1 151,1 choptsr, and tho OMift.i 1"„v,,lcro he ouya, "I am tho toast ot tho r ' 1111 111001 10 ho called an apostle, ho p u,od Uto church of God." When th- r" ,1 E'ory la what ho was through ho Elfon unto him ho aatd that lto supposed "" "h.', wh,t holtlnd tho Tory chlofoit worth VnT ht here aaya oMilmsolt that ho was not Teritno i, "llcd an »post!e, becauso before his con- b-J har. on,5lei,fcnte.li t'10 "'h'11 01 aod' No, dear YerfKi ,,c h"hoen a llttla whilo con- tfcr t o' v. hs! unlc<:d ">' 'ho church of God, and t R m» >rk to do, wo mar bo am t0 ""h"1' "Now, I am aomchol. Really, I ht t UmQu?nlCr' k UuDlWo dPPOfOont Hat I used to Mutar IS f"®0 10 9/ Lonl 6n? ' "om 'mportanco In llta church.!' u&t; u Uto way man/ Chtutiaiu got into ad(nili- clticf. 44 Pride gacth bcferc destruction, and ahauglity spirit before a lal'." You must always strive against that kind of sphit, and one way to avoid it is to remem ber wl.at you were in your unregenerate state. There are some who might say, 11 1 nin a mln'stcr of the gos pel, but I am not worthy to be called a minister, because cf the; sTns thnt 1 committed before my con- 'verslon. I am a member of tiic churcli of Christ, but I am scarcely worthy to be called a member, becauso I was before a blasphemer, or a Sabbath-breaker, or profane', unchaste, or dishonest." Recollect what you were, and let your spiritual advancements never l«ad you to unspii'ltual prido-ond se'.f-conceit, for 44 every one that, is proud in. heart Is an abomination to tho Lord." I have heard of a good man in Germany who used to rescue poor, destitute boys from the streets, and he always had them photographed in their rags and fiitb just as- lie found them; and then in years afterwards, when they were clothed and washed and educated, and their characters began to develop, if they grew proud Ho would show them what they were, and try to teach them what. they would have been likely to Lc if it had not been for bis chaiity. If you nre inclined to iirt up your head, and beast what a great man you are now, just look at tbe likeness ol what you were bMoro the Lord madeyouanewcicaturc in Christ Jesus, Oh, who can tell what that likeness would have been but for the interpositions of divine grace? I think you would say what the Scotchman said to Rowland Hill when he called to soe the good man in his study. He sat nud looked at him, aud Rowland Hill's face, you know, If you have seen his portrait, is one to be remembered ; there is a peculiar comic look about it, So the Scotchman isaid, In answor to the question, 44 What are you looking at V" " I havo been studying tho lines of your face." "And what do ycu make out of them?" said Mr. IUll. 41 Why, that if the grace of God had not made you a Christianjyou would have been ono of the worst follows that ever lived." All 1" said Mr. Hill, "and you havo hit tho mark this time." I shouid not wonder, loo, if some of us, when we look in the glass, were to see somebody there that would have been avery deep-dyed sinner if it had not been for the change of heart which sovereign grace has wrought. This ought to keep us very (humble untl very lowly before God. I Invite you, frieuds, to think this over, aud when you feel yourselves begin ning to swell a little, let tho bladder of your foolish and wicked pride bj' pricked with the needle of con science as you recollect what you used to bo, and you w'lll be all the bolter for letting some of the gas escape. Coma linrlc n« ni»r»f1ilv n« vntt mii fn vntir lvnt> ahnTtft. for what arc you, after all ? If you nro anything that is good, or right, or pleasing in the eyes of the Lord, still you muat say, 44 By the grace of God I am what I am." 44 All that I was, my sin, my guilt, My dcntli, was nil mine own, All that I am, I owe to Thee, My gracious God, alone. ".The evil of my former state Was mine, nnd only mine ; The good in which I now rejoice Is Thine, and only .Thine." Well, those ore two of tho infcrencos which result from looking back at what you wero ; the retrospect excites gratitude and sustains humility, III. Tho next is this— the remcmb:Auco of our former condition should renew in us genuine repen tance. Whenwc look back upon what we usei to be before the Lord met with us it should breed in us a perpetual repentance. There arc some who seem to think tliat we only repent of sin when we are first converted. Do , not you be deluded by any such false notion. When you leave off repenting you have left off living. You are not living to God as you ought to do unless you dally repent. Remember tliat we are not saved by a ainglo act of faith, which terminates the moment wo receive the assurance of the divine forgiveness, but by a faith which continues as long as wc live, aud as long as evor wo have any faith we must have repentance too, for these are twin graces— faith with a bright eye, like Kucliel, who was beautiful nnd woli-favored ; and repentance, tcudcr-cycd, like Leah, but with a lovely eye for all thar, " Repentance," says one, 44 why, 1 thought that was a bitter thing, that was taken awuy when wo believed." No, but its a sweet thing. I could wish to repent in heaven, though I suppose I shall not. Wo cannot carry tho tear of repontuncs in our eye into huavcu. It will be tho only thing wo might regret to leave behind. Surely wo shall be sorry even there for having grieved out God. Even there, molhinUs, we shall repent; but certainly ai long as we are here we must daily repent of sin— ay, and repent ol the sin that is forgiven, repent more because it is forgiven than wc did when we had any doubt about its being pardoned, 41 My sins, my sins, my Saviour I How sad on Thee they fall ; Seen tluough Thy gentle patience, I tenfold feel them all. 44 1 know they are forgiven, But still their pain to mo Is ull the grief and anguish They laid, my Lord, on Thee." Smite on your breasts while you think that it was necessary that Christ should dlo that you might be delivered from sin, and its penalty nud power, and as your love increases let your sorrow abound, that such a Lord should have needed to be crucified for you. Oh. sin. as Christ becomes more lovely, thou becomestraore hateful, and as our soul learns more of the beautity of holiness, it perceives moro of thy ugliness, and so con tinually loathes theo more and mom. If you want to draw up tho sluices of repentance, sit down and remain- ber what you were by nature and wou'.d have remained If grace had not intervened. So, then, it shall be good for you to say, 44 1 was before a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and injurious," or to use uny other expres sion that shall accuiatcly describe yon, if it load you, like 1'eter, to go out and weep bitterly true tears of re pentance. IV. And now, fourthly (wc have but a word on each inference, you sec;, tho retrospect of our past lives should kindle in us fervent love to the lord who has redeemed us. You remember Christ went into the house or"6'no of the IMmrisees who had a measure of respect for him— this was Simon, who desired him to cat with him; but when lie entered in Simon treated him as a common guest, and offered him none of tho delicate attentions which men giro to choice friends or to superiors. Christ took no note of this, nor had He need to do so, for there was another who stole iuto that room who did for him all that Simon ought to havo done, and more than Simon could have done. 14 A woman in the city, which was a sinner, wheu she Knew that Jesus sat at meat In the Puarlsoe'a house, brought an alabaster box of ointment, und stood at His feet behiud Him weep ing." She stood behind the couch upon which He was reclining, and lot hor tears fall down upon His blessed flesh till she had washed Ills feet witli thorn, and then, unbraidingthe luxurious tresses of her hair, she wlpad those holy feet with it ; her love, her humility, her adoration, and her penitence mingling as she kissed His feet, and anointed them with the ointment which she had brought. Our Lord explained why this vromau had performed this extraordinary action. He said it was becauso she had been forgiven much, Now, rest assured that this Is a rulo without aa exception, that those who are conscious of having had much forgiven are those who will love Christ much, I do not aay— I almost wish 1 could— that iovo ia always iu proportion to ihe amount of sin forgiven ; but I do say- that it is in proportion to the consciousness of sin for given. A man may bo a less sinner than another, but he may be more conscious of his bin, and ho will be tho nun who will love Christ most. Oh, do not forgot what you were, lest you should become unmludful of your obligation to Jesus. You are saints now, but you were not always so, You can talk to others of Christ now, but you could not once havo done it. You can wrestle with tho angel Iu prayer and preTait now, but one© you were more familiar with tho devil than you wero with tho angel. At tills moment your heart bears witness to tho Indwelling of the Holy Ghosh It is not long ago that tho prince of tho power of tho air wrought within you, and the Iloiy Spirit was not there at ail. 1 bspcch you, therefore, forget not this, lest you forget to love Him who has wrought this wondrous chango iu you. I think there is nothing betior than to retain a vivid senso of conversion in order to retain a vivid sense of love'. Do not bo afraid of loving Christ too much. I sae tho cold carping criticism of this ago objects to any expressions of love to Christ which wo use In our hymns becauso it says they ore sensuous. My only answer to such talk is— God givo us moro of such blessed sensuousness! I think that instoad of dimin ishing theso uttorunces it will bo a token of growth in grace when they are moro abundant, not if they become so commonas to bo hypocritical; then they would bo aichcnlng; 'but as long as they aro true and honest, I for ono would say to you who love the Lord,.go_oa and iIllg"' 44 Safo In tho arms or Jesus, Safe on IIU goutle breast.' ' ' 4 Goonandalng— - 44 Jesus, I Ioto Thy charmlog nam? lis music to mine ear." HeolUti not to say-i 41 ThOfi dear Rodcemer, dyiQg LamkJ ' Wo lovo to hear of Theo j" and if It shall please you, and tho Spirit shall move you, even say, like the spouse In tho song, »Let Him kiss me with tho kisses of His mouth, for Thy love is better than wine." The starveling religion of the present day, not content with tearing away the doctrinal fljsh from the spiritual body, is now seeking to drag out ihe very heart of religion, nnd to reduce Christian experience to nothing but a chlHy doubting of everything. Let this be far from you. : Believe something, and love some thing, for to believe is to live, but to love is to be in health. Oh for more love arising out of a deep, intensj sense of what wc once were, and of the change which Christ lias wrought iu us I ' V. Well now, fifthly, remembering what wc were, ardent zeal should bo aroused in us. Look at PauL Ho says, 4,I was before a blasphemer, and a persecutor, and Injurious." What then ? Why, now that he has become a follower of Christ he cannot do too much. He put many saints in prison— now he goeainto many prisons himself, lie huutcd them even to strange cities, and now lie goes into all manner of strange cities himself. He dragged thciu before tribunals, nnd now he liimsslf goes aud stands before Roman proconsuls, and before tho Roman Emperor himself. Paul can nover do too much for Christ, because he has done so much for the devil, I reraom- ber one who lived four or five miles away from a place of worship who used to say, You old legs, it is no use being tired, for you have got to carry me. You used to take me to the place of amusement whcnlserred tho devil, and you shall cany me now to tho house of God that I may worship and serve him." When sometimes he bad an uneasy seat, lie used to say, » It is no use grumbling, old bones, you will have to alt here, or else you will have to stand. Years .ago you put up with all kinds of inconvenience when I went to the theatre, or some other evil place, whon I served Sat«n; and you must bo content to do the same now for a better Master, and a nobler service." 1 lie love of Christ to us, then, suggests great zea! in iiis service. VL Now, sixthly, 1 am suro that another inference that should be drawn from it is this— if wc roracm- ber what we were, und how graco lias changed us, it ought to make -us very Iiopelul abont other people. Paul was, for ho soys, 44 Thb is a faithful saying, and worthy of all acceptation, that Christ Jesus came iuto tho world to soto alnuers, of whom 1 am chief. How- bait for this cause 1 obtained mercy, that in me first Jesus Christ might a.iow forth all iong suffering, for a pattern to them which should hereafter believe on Him to life everlasting." Well, friend, you are saved. Then anybody cau be. You never ought to despair of the salvation of auyor.e, for you know yourself and feel yourself to have been the most undeserving of men, aud yet God's grace has really made you to love Him. Weil, then, that grace can light on nnybody. Already it has fallen on the most unlikely spot poss- iblo. Now, from this moment never indulgo the idea that it is useless te attempt to benefit any of your fellow- men. 1 recollect— indeod, I have often met with the circumstance of persons Bnying, 44 Why did you not ask So-and-so to attend n place of worship?" 44 Ask him? Oh, 1 never thought of him." 44 Why not?' 44 1 did not think I» was any use." It is a very singular thing that those arc thekind of people who, if you do get thorn to hear the word, are generally converted— tho people yon think it is no use To bring. Men who have been accustomed to spenk very disrespectfully of roligious things when once brought under tho aound of the truth at-o often tho first to recolve a blessing. Those are the kind of fellows to try at, for there is some hope of reaching men who aro in such need of the gospel we have to proclaim as they are. You know there Is virgin soil there, so it is the very pluce to sow tho good sood of the kingdom, Thcie is guod fishing iu n pond that never was fished in before— aud here Is a man who at any rate is not gospel-hardened he lias not got used to | the sound of the word, so as to take no notice of anything that is said. Bring him in; he is tlu very man we want; bring him in. 44 But he is a swearer." Well, but it you were a swearer before your conversion, you ought never to say anything about that. 44 Oh, but he is a very hardened mau." Yes ; but if you were con verted, notwithstanding what you were, you ought never to make that objection against anyone, 4 4 Oh, but he is such a low-bred man." Well, there are plenty of us who caunot boast much about our aristocratic descent. 44 Oh, but," says ono, 44 he is such a proud man ; such a haughty man or, 41 he is a rich man ; lie is a purse-proud man." Yes, but there aro others like him who have bccu brought In ; and while that man has sinucd in one way you have sluned in another way; and if the grace of God met your six it can meet lib half-dozen. Depend upon it, God meant us to be hopeful about other people when lie saved u?. Seo that mau coming out of Uic hospital, lie 1ms had pretty nearly all the diseases you over heard of, and yet he has been cured. He is not tho man to say, 44 It Is no use going in there, you will get no good by putting yourself unuer the treatment of that doctor "—on the contrary, whenever he meets with anybody who is suffering, lie says, 44 Yon go and try tlio physiolau that healed me. If you can get u led under his c&rc.; if vou can come uuder his notice, you are almost certain to get cured ; your maladUi£camiot bo worso than miuo, and lie met my case exactly, aud he he can meet yours," lie ia the man who will adver tise Christ, and will proclaim His fame the whole world over— who lias tasted that He is gracious, and lias proved ia his own case tho converting power of the Holy Ghost. Oh, I pray you, dear friend, despair of nobody. You who go with your tracts, go into the worst houses; you who talk in the workhouses to those who are, perhaps, as far gone as any— who find them dying in the infirmary, and rejecting the word as you speak it, yet keep on ; keep on. 44 Never say die" con- cernlug any. Since tho Lord has saTcd you, the grace of God can savo anybody, however fur he may have sunk iu sin; It can reach even to the very vilest of the sons of men. VII. The last inference Is that what God has done for us should confirm our confidence for ourselves— our confidence, not iu ourselves, but in God, who wllj perfect that which He has begun in us. Thero Is not half as much grace necessary to bring you to heaven if you aro a believer as you have had iwrendy to bring you where you are. You have got to be perfected; but remember that it was tho very first step that liad the difficulty in It. It always reminds me of the legend of at. Denis, who picked up his head after It was cut off, and walked, I think forty leagues with ir. But a wit said that thero was no troublo about walking forty leagues— the difficulty all luy in the first step. So it did ; and so all the difficulty of the walk of faith lies in the first step— that first coming of a dead heart Into life, that first bringing of a reprobate soul, a carnal mind that is enmity against God, into friendship with God. Well, that has been done ; that first great work lias been wrought in you by God the Holy Ghost ; and now you can say with the apostle, 44 If, when wo wero enemies, wo were reconciled to God by the death of His Son, much more, being reconciled, wc shall be saved by His life." Do you think the Lord ever converts a man with a view of showing him the light that ho may go back again Into the thick darkness for ever. Docs he drop a spark of hoavenly light Jinto our souls .that it may go out never to ho rekindled? Docsliecomo and teach us to eat heavenly bread and drink the water of life, and then lcavo us to starvation or to UIo of thirst V Does he make us members of Christ's body, and then allow us to rot aud decay ? Has lie brought us thus far to put us to shame? Has he given me a heart that cries after Him, and pines for Hint ; has He given me a sighing after perfection, an Inward hunger after every thing that is holy aud true ; and docs Ho mean, after all, to desert me ? It caunot be— 44 His love in time past forbids me to thlnV Ilc'll leavo me at last Iu trouble to sink ; That gracious conversion I have in review Confirms His good ploasuro to help me quite through" So lot us go on our way rejoicing that it shall be even so with each one of us. Amen. Portion of Scripture read before Sermon— Acfs xxvL aud 1 Timothy L 11— 17, Hymns from 44 Our Own Ilymu Book ''—30, 233, 235. Publications. Publications. 