INTerCOLONIAL CRICKET c IMATOi. I have delayed writing about this event until its conclusion, which was expected to have taken place yesterday afternoon. The match resulted, as of course you know, in a win for New South Wales by one innings and 35 runs. This contest has had an especial fascination for me, and the fortieth game between New South Wales and Victoria has been one worthy of the centennial year, and one which your humble servant would not miss seeing for a trifle. Although rain has several times threatened each day, it only once fell, and that for about ten minutes, and in the form rather of mist than of well-defined rain. The ground Was in magnificent order, and it was asserted by all the knowing ones, on Thursday. that big scores would be the order of the day, and this prediction, when it was seen that such a trundler as Turner could do nothing with the ball, seened accurate enough, for the batemen (Roran, Bruce, and Blackham especially) played with much confidence, and put on runs very rapidly. The absence of " Australia's" second crack bowler, Ferris, who has injured his arm, was much la mented, but whether he would have come off is, of course, problematical; in any case, those mem bers of the team who were recognised as trundlers were not conspiciouely successful, and when, about a quarter to 5 o'clock, only four Victorian wickets had fallen for 240 odd runs, things were regarded as looking somewhat blue for the home team, but then Richardson, a colt, who has never been con sidered a bowler, but who had, nevertheless, some time before knocked Blackham's and Worrall's wickets awry, went on again, and with two suc cessive balls, clean bowled Trott and Robertson, and by ten minutes to 6 the visitors were all out for 267-a great collapse. Richardson and Wood (who plays for the University, but had not hitherto attained intercolonial rank) were the heroes of the hour-the former especially so--whilst the catches with which Burton dismissed Horan and Boyle stamp him as a wicket-keeperof the first.rank -a cricketing official whom New South Wales has suffered from the want of for many years. The fielding of Richardson, Bannerman, and Garrett was magnificent; the whole team fielded well, but these three shone particularly. On the second day, New South Wales opened the defence, M'Donnell and Bannerman, as usual, taking the creases. Careful play was the rule observed, and the runs came but slowly, until Trott tempted Bannerman forward for a hit which he didn't make, and, Blackham being behind the sticks, off went his bails. In a few minutes M'Donnell cut one hard and high, and Bruce jumping upwards and backwards. took the ball with his left hand amidst a storm of applause, for each a catch would probably not come off once in tea years. Macaie, the big hitter, came in amidst plaudits, had five balls, got one run, gave two chanoes, and was then clean bowled. Three of the best batsmen out for 91 made New South Welsh men speak with bated breath-but "a change came o'er the spirit of the dream." Bartop followed having been preceded by Mooes-and these two played the day out, and topped their opponents' score. Moses, it is said, gave a chance before he had scored, but, having watched the game closely from beginning to end, I am dubious as to this. He certainly gave a difficult one when he was about 93, and again a much easier one when be was 107, but during the five hours and a half's play on Satur day, not a ghost of a chance did he give, and the manner in which even staid men of fifty and sixty frantically waved their hate and cheered when he retired to the pavilion was worth a long day's journey to see. Yesterday, again, he took the creases, but Wood, whohad partnered him for so long, and who was getting within measurable distance of A three figure score, was clean bowled by the softest of full pitchers, which he tried to pull to leg; this eas the beginning of the end, for Garrett was the only other man who did much, and, in making his. t1, he gave four distinct chances. Richardson, the last man, came in and played carefully, beins content to keep his wicket up whilet Moses increased his score, which he did gradu ally. Seven runs only were required to complete Mosea's third century, and he hit one to the bound ary for 4. A general preparation was made for an uproarious cheer when the remaining three were put on; but it was not to be, for Bruce tempted Riohard son out of his crease, and Blaokham whipped off the bails. Load were the cheers as Moses retired for the smagnificent tally of 297-the highest, with one ex ception (Murdoch's 320), in an intercolonial match, although Bruce, in a club match, has topped the latter score. Moses gave one very hot chance, yes terday, to Trott off his own bowling; this was the only bad stroke in two days I Moses has fully justi fied Shrewsbury's assertion that he was the best batsman in Anstralia. The manner in which the visitors fielded for two days and a half was worthy of all praise, the never-tiring Bruce working like a horse, and constantly invoking applause by his bril. liant fielding and throwing-in; he is by far and away the best field in Australia. All the Victorians except Blackham tried their hand with the ball, but it was all the same to Moses, who treated them all with becoming respect if the ball was good, and hit them to the boundary or glanced them to leg if it was bad. As I have already said, the game was in every way worthy of the occasion, and so was the state of the ground, thanks to the efforts of the veteran Ned Gregory. A very noticeable feature was the impartiality of the spectators throughout the match, Bruce's catch off M'Donnell evoking louder cheers and applause than anything any mem ber of the home team did, whilst every good stroke of the visiting batsmen brought forth plaudits as loud as those accorded to their opponents. This is in every way creditable to the Sydney folks, ahd in very marked contrast to what I had observed in Melbourne, at a similar match, some four years pre. viously. The victory places New South Wales, for the first time, on an equality with her southern neigh bour, and she richly deserves her success. Themag nificent members' pavilion, erected some eighteen months ago, has made the ground very complete, and all that is wanted to perfect it is the paying of more attention to the shade-trees on the eastern side, in the condition of which I do not notice any im provement in four years-in fact, as an onlooker re marked, they are "very sick." The mother colony has at length taken a leaf out of her daughter's book, and the scoring-board now shows distinctly to all parts of the ground the names of the bowlers and batsmen, the individual scores of the latter, as well as those who are out and the total after each run as it is made. Indeed, every requisite condition for the complete enjoyment of the game, as a partici pator or spectator, now exists at Moore Park. 