For Ever True. * Chapter XVII. O sweet one lovo ! 0 my life's delight 1 Dear, though the days have divided us ! Jt was a dreary, dismal November tiny, vlii'ii Derrick Burnley drove once more through tho wcll-i'cuieiuuernd London streets. lie was bronzed almost biiyond recognition, l-ut (lie old bright look had died out of his handsome gray eyes, and there was a broody, disappointed expression ever present on his face. Ho had como bads quite suddenly nnd unexpectedly, and having deposited his lug gage at his old chambers, he drove first to ?his mother's house, mid then on (o hissuviTul clubs. It was pet-turps a relief (o (ind tliut Ttlrs. ]):irn!i:v was not in town, having started already for her usual winter sojourn at tin; Hiviiva. JJerry had half shirked a meeting with his moihur. Shn nould remind him Uio ?clearly r.i that summer timoal Ripstom' Hall, ?when the roses had reared th'-ir beautiful fnees to tin1 sunlight, and shed their perfume. on the. snft air. Jin hud guoeseil by some vague way that his mother hud gauged his secret, and he -shrank from thu conirnents her lips might utu-r O;i the girl wlio hull souruelly blighted his whole happiness. i Yes, whatever hard or biiter thoughts lie j might liarliiiHi- against Thomas Oawshaw's ! wife, in tin- depths of his heart, he had not I arrived at a Kullictanl degroe of KlnnigUi or j hatred to permit others to brent lie them in Iuk pri'sunee. Hv dimly felt that his mother would have nothing pleasant to say on this subject, ami might perhaps have probed him disagreeably as to the cause of his sudden ! disappearance and still stranger silence. So ' ;it was a genuine sigh of relief that he gave as ,he learnt from tlie servant that her mistress was gone, and wiis not expected back for tit ?least two months. IFe got into his hansom again and drove to his favourite club. j He was grwjtod with a perfect slorm of | hearty words anil questions, mid given a pile j of letters enough to occupy his attention {or ! hours. Having laughingly parried all attacks as to what he had done and where he had been to, ' etc., etc., l-erry ensconced hiuiKcK in a corner I and began his task of leading through his cor- I responilcnce, which had accumulated to aw enormous degree during his absence.. But lie IiihI scarcely got through hnlf a page of the lirst hitter he opened before he. sprang to his feet in mingled surprise ami j-ain. It was written by Dorothy a few days back, and ran very briefly : ' 1 do not know, dear cousin,1' she wrote, ?' whether this letter will ever reach you, ris 1 liave received no answer or acknowledgment : of the others. 3 fear that it will not ; but it is a slight relief to uie to write to you, even though the chance of your reading my words is so very faint. My dearest futher is grow ing worse. Oh, Deny, if ( |o»i- him I think jt will be the cud of my life, for my heart will j break. He has asked for you now and then.' | it was here Derry sprang from his s- at. Two or three of his old acquaintances were wattching him with mingled amusement and curiosity, but he neither saw it nor cared. 'H us anyone seen Merefield lately?' he. asked, hurriedly. ' Is hu in town 1' ' Werefn-M ? Why, he went ofV to Jamaica or some such plnce all in a flurry last week,' observed a young fellow, quickly ; then with a hearty lauitli, ' They do say that th« Honourable Klla Cheater has fairly huntod him out i-f tin' country, liut what's up, old fi'low? You look deuced green 1' ?' I Iiave hail bud news — very bad news. My cousin has written lo miv her father, Sir jfuniphrey L-iecslor. is dangerously ill. It is a great Hunk to me'' llerry'w pale faee, le.;titie-.l to the truth -?! this. ' He is such n (,'ood old ehnp,' lie snid, inuiluiitarily, almost tn himself, ' it hurts un: to hear anything has happened to him.' He paused an instant with a momentary dread. ' I suppose,' he said, his voice grown a little husky — ' 1 suppose you fellows haven't heard anything worso ahoift him ?'' * There was a perfect chorus of ni natives, I nnd Perry felt a trifle chci.red. ' ' 'This is ri-Way,'ln- mtisi'd, 'nnd Dolly! wrole oil '1 lies. l;iy or .Momlnv nii/ht evidonllv. \ that looks h,i|efnl. Poor n'ld u'lieie imrl poor I llully I Slie must be U-rriii!y en I up. I, WOlldei- if iV.i- ?-.. ? i- Mill; ;. ,. S!,,. (,iiu-|i! llfs !.,-,.«? s-, .,.,-.?.:,. .::;i |... ',.,..',':;, .-, '''.'.'Ji un:ll dtl. :?„..:..,!.?...! * 'AisudfJeti ?fear liiad come ,'jntp ^Jiia|»nim1.; What if ho should liioet^Naticy tliftra } 'Wlmt. tuorp likely than she should be with Dorothy *t such a time ! . ' :_ ':, :. ? His heart thrilled and his pulses leaped for ono moment nt the bare thought of liven see ing her beauty a^aiu ; but with aii iron reso lution he crushed down his despairing desire, and pride rose in its place, making fafin flinch nt the hare suggestion of seeing tl#s girl, who would doubtless Jangh triumphantly at her own po-.ver, the power that had worked such liavoc in Kis life, and made such & stupid of him. Formerly such hard thoughts of anjr woman would have been scouted by him as botli uti genarous or impossible ; hot Nancy's deser tion had liardeued him. He sought a flaw where once ho would have been content with ». perfect exterior. * It was because he loved her still ; because, despite her mercenary, cruel conduct — despite all his efforts to crash her out of his. memory — that she grow tliere stronger and stronger each day, that Derry feared, yet longed, to sne her again. It would be joy to gaze on hor exquisite face once more, and pain indescribable to realize that for him such joy must never be — that she had by her own act separated her self from him, and given hereelf to another man. Through nil his jonrncyings — and he had covered a pretty good distance during his American trip — this had been the burden of his thought. Sometimes he grew angry with himself, and he would apostrophize himself as a dolt, and not worthy the name of man. He would laugh scornfully at himself. Was this gloomy, miserable creature, the proud, ambitious Derrick Darnley of a few mouths ago? Where were all his hopes? his eager prospects ? Could it bo possible that he was so weak as to let the vision of a blue eyed girl, with sunny hair, and pretty, temp ting face., sweep away all that had hitherto made his life 5 He cried shame on himself over otid over again, but all to no good. Stronger men than ])erriclc Darnley have, fall -mi beneath leve's potent touch ; and go where he would, do what he, would, try as he would, he could no more root Nancy out of his heart than lie could have flown. His was no common nature, and he had loved with no common lovo. Time might -perchance soften away the ragged edges of the wound ; but heal it, and efface the traces of it altogether — never ! And so it was 'hat as Derry wrote the telegram to Doll}', and planned out a hurried journey down to Ripstouo Hall without fur ther delay, his mind was haunted by those marvellous blue eyes, and l.u was wondering how his old love would look, how she would greet him, what he should say almost, more than he thought of the poor old man whom lie really held in deep allection, and for whom he had unlimited sympathy. Oil, sweet otic, love ! Oh, my life's delight ! . Dear, though the .lays Iiave divided us ! So ran the troubled, sad melody in Derrick Darnlny's heart as he sat in the railway car riage, and was borne away from London to Rip-tone Hull. IIif life's delight ! Surely that was true; for life had only dawned in those short, few, madly-precious summer hours, [t was ended now, for lie did not live ; he simply submitted to an existence, which, dreary as it was, he was not coward enough to dream of ending. ' Dear, though the days have, divided us !' Aye, that she was ! — dearer by the sense of desolation, of despair, that surrounded her image. It. v,as a curious fancy, but Derry had grown to think sometimes of the Nancy of those summer hours as of n fair, dead creature — something to mourn and to worship ; some Hung that, tliouun sue was gone, lingered yet to remind him of thu brief spell of happiness sh'.1 hail brought. It waa a sad but a peaceful reflection, and ono that even in its sorrow was more pleasant to him than the cruel truth that she lived, and had wilfully deceived for another, and such another ! His ears had httngercd, yet shrunk from hearing some mention of her name, as he sat in flu- club, lie know the sort of conversa tion the bare whisper of Thomas Crawshaw was likely lo provolce. But whether it was that all gossip and excitement about lhe;)(ir-' vemi had died out, or whether the club mon gers lmu imagined, for some vague reason, that he would not care to l)ear any such gos sip, Dem- could not toll ; but tho fact re maincil, that not a single soul .spoke of Craw shaw or hib wife. ' 1 am glad uf it,' was Derry's thought to himself, as he leaned back in his corner witli folded arms and moody face. ' I could not hear to listen to any remarks on him, for they would seem to reflect on her. 'J suppose,' wns the next bitter thought, ' that the world would hold ir-c in the deep est contempt for devoting ji second regret to iliis girl ! To them her early lifu would be in itself self-condemning ; the conventional iriud would go no farther tha;i the grocer's shop, and see in this marriage the. truest test of Nancy's character. And is (he world wrong? Is it not natural, after all, tliat she should revert to the companions of her youth ? — that the people of our world should bore and weary her? Ah I I am changed indeed if ] can bring inyi-elf to think so badly of Nancy !'' was his restless determination, as he drew out his case and lit a cigar. His dark gray eyes were fixed on the gloom of night outside. '1'linre v.ns a dis satisfied, uncomfortable expression in them. *' If I could only arrive at some good1 eon elusion as (o why she treated me us she did ? It was so unlike' her! Slie had a kind word fur every living creature, liven the flowers wuii sympathy and love from her ; and yet ? y.l she crushed the very light out of my life ! She wiinionly destroyed my happiness, and brnke my heart ! Why 1 Surely, if slie had wished to ensnare Crawsliaw, she mi^ht have t|i:iiv.l me. C:m his wvjiltii be sueh a slave 1 t.. hw oilio.is self 1 Can the be happy with J : (his brute ? Will not her own innnte' lvtiiie- j lii.'nl (for a refined, dainty ?jeiitli-.voiaaii ! j N.im-y is, and i-ver must !?(;), wiil not tlii- it- i ' i-i'il ;i!i'l shrink beneath the daily contact! in1: bis wiir.se, low mind I' i I' r.ysi-l.ed siidd-nly. j M' «:*-. travelling over thc-.-1d, .?] I grnund, j ?'.?!: ?i.V-:!Me,|-;..iiirbi;:;;!!u:iltK. !! ,'u,- ;1ft.-r ] : ?? .?? :..? !?:. i i..i:. an .-, ve a-..l '.-I;.-.! !,'is -\\( :i;e :? .?:- i !?? .?: I.. ?;.?!?- i # , /ihoii nnotbnr tliouglit catiio, und his broiv ibbixed ;tb * grow ISartor^fid his'jgmbjtttli twjtchoci as AvitJi^iatgp^fsJ., j: V ?:-. \'s ?'-?? v ?' \Vlmt if CrawehSv.'hatJTrnown Nancy in. thpso miserable, days, and held some power over -her which foroefljier to become iis VfteffiV-V- «?;:£*?&-£ ? ?£-:'-4 ? -Perry's strong right fist clBnchfid itself sud denly, his breath came quick unrt fast ? *'?'?? *?? ' What|)ower should ho hold 1 S uroly, no wrong-^no slmmo could ever have hung over that sweet face ! If it were so — then indeed he had been cruelly deceived ; for if ever an angel from heaven in human form, Derry had decided Nancy to bo that spirit. ' I will uot believe that — no, no, I will not believe it, though she is gone from uie— though she lias wrecked my life1. 1 will answer for it with my own that no shadow or taint of shame mingles with the gloom of those miserable young years ! She was as pure as the flowers she worship ped when she gave me such perfect joy I She may be heartless, cruel, worldly, but that is all. Sooner would I see her dead than doubt this V and then Derry hid his face in his hands and groaned aloud. 'Oh! my love — my lost lovo ! — if only you had been truo -to yourself, true to me, what happiness we Fhotild have had !' In the change of years, in the coil of things, In the clamour and rumour of life to be, We, drinking love at ike furthest springs, Covered with love as a covering tree— We had crown as gods, as the soda above, Filled from the heart to the Tips witli love j Held fast in his hands, clothed warm with his wings, ' . , Oil 1 love, my love, had you loved but mo ! * ♦ * * » It was raining hard when Derrick Darnley embarked in the riclrely village fly, procured after much difficulty, and not without grum bles, on his long drive to Ripstone Hall. His mind went back to the last time he had undertaken a similar journey. How his heart had beat, and his pulses thrilled, as the soft summer evening breeze had greeted him, whispering to him of the exquisite joy that awaited him on his arrival at the Hall 1 How different was his state now ! Then every vexing thought {and he had been considerably annoyed and surprised at the fruitlessness of the journey his mother had imposed upon him, which, to this day, was always a source of mystery to him when ever it entered his mind) ; not one cloud upon the brilliancy of his jtuturc — uot one flaw in his present. , n, Now, not the rain-clouds looming above his head were darker or more sombre than his condition ; the sodden, wintry scene around was a fitting surrounding to his bitter, aching lieart, the moaning of the empty trees a fit ting melody to his disappointment. The lo'lge-l.-eeper was reposing serenely in bed, and so Dnrry, with a careful thought to the old man's rheumatism, dismounted at the gates, and utter having amply repaid the driver for the use of his most ancieiiJ. vehicle, he grasped his portmanteau and prepared to walk up the long avenue to the Hall. ' I expect I shall give them a turn, arri ving at this time of night ;but I must explain to Dolly that I sent her a telegram, and it was not my fault that 1 appeared just in time to deliver it myself.' A fact which had provoked almost the first smile to his lips as he beheld the orange coiouivd missive which, by lights, should have been delivered two hours previously, lying on the station master's desk, to b'j scutnip early in the. morning. ' That comes of living in Uie wilds,' Dorry said to himself, as he struggled against the. heavy rain and wind, and heaved a heavy sigh of relief as the Hall loomed up in tho dusky light before him ; ' now, I must go to work carefully, or I shall have tlipin nil in hysterics. By Jov« ! that's lr.ck ; there's a li.-iltt iit flin ciiirtl.-iit (Y.rnnm nnri if Jlmf in,,'/ old Purfleet's head I'll eat my hat!' With the agility of a monkey, notwith standing the weight of the: portmanteau, Derry sprang up the incline, dien scaled the terrace railing, the steps wereltoo far down, and then he knocked cautiously at the win dow. ' Hist ! Purfleet, don't be frightened, it's only me. Don't think 1 nin a ghost ; I am very real, I assure you, and very wet.' ' Lor', Mr. Darnley, sir, what a start you did give me ! Oh ! Miss Dolly will be pleased ! Come, in, sir, do. You is wet, and no mistake. Has you walked, sir? Oh, deir !' ' Only up the avenue ; but how is my uncle, is ho lietter?' Derry's voice was full of anxiety now, as ho let Purfleet pull olf his soaked ulster and relieve- him of his belongings. ''Sir 'Uinphrpy was a trifle bettor this afternoon ; ] think he's really took a good, turn, sir. Poor Miss Dolly] she is nearly wore outj sho will be overjoyed to see you, sir. Hor ladyship's 'ere, you know, sir V Derry nodded ; he wanted no further ex planation as to why Dolly would like to see him. \l she harl had Priscilla, Countess of Merefield, with her all through her trouble the conclusion was evident. Hu stooped and wanned himself by the fire that fortunately blazed in full vigor on the hearth, while Purfleet bustled about to get him some food and (ell Dolly he was hero. In affincredihly short time tliere came the sound of small, pattering feet ; the door was opened, and Dorothy rushed in — Dolly in a dark red dressing-gown, with her golden locks dishevelled and neglected about her shoulders, her very pretty face stained with tears and marked with deep traces of grief! ' Oh ! Deny ! Derry ! thank Heaven !' she cried, at sho ran up to him and flung her self in his arms. She had been bravo up to this moment, for she had been all alone in her trouble when her father's condition had been fraught with danger every moment. Tho young potted girl had forgotten her self, had crushed down all womanly weak ness and tears, nnd, Bclf-reli.itit ns any brave man, she had faced the situation with courage and resolution ; but now— now that danger was fast going, and tho doctors isot onlv .«ug gested hope, iuit both looked i\\\m\ ?i»clared it — now that Derry .whs come — iJerrr, with his illimitable sympathy, his frnnk, inaulv voiee, his strength, his *rh.ir:n — IMIy brukn down, and as slie hid her face --n his rcuirh cij:it. hhf wept out a passion of um-s. Lorry, save that he jn! lr's nr.n» about tl»' iiv.h1.1hV.! f.Ti.i, f:.M--.;,.v!« i-- -iii-ck her svwt. ?li-i'.'i :?_' ?.;.:':''_' Oe.l'.i'. V:-,-. 'i vn-'il'fll v.-ii. jiftej-jatleV niomeutS'hpr^obsflied *wayi and' 1-orpthy wasu herself again. :-; ;: ^V^J;per^Jiowgbb^ |t is to see you igain— 4jow good !' v ;. v; , That was alliho couidjsay at SSt, and she held his liand with a tenacity that testified to the truth qfibisisry.iy .,.-.. ?- ' ,: . '.Gome, little cousin, 3'ou must cheer up; sit down in this cosy chair and tell me every thing, how this happened, and how tilings are going now.' Derry gently pushed her back on the cushions as he spoke so cheerily. He was very fond of Dorothy, as fond as though -she had been his little sister ; and he was more than grieved at the change in her ; it did not seem right that Dorothy should he weeping — beautiful, sonny, laughter-loving Dorothy; if pained him that such heavy trouble should have come upon her, she who had been the embodiment of earthly joy, ?' It lias been awful!' tho poor child said, as she passed her hand over her hot eyes ; ' it seems as though years had come and gone, Derry, since you went away, and yet it is only four months. Daddy was so well then, yes, and long after ; I can't tell you exactly how it began, but lie was ailing some weeks before the awful day when he nearly killed me by stumbling over some loose stones and breaking his log. He suffered— oh '. Derry, how he suffered! I wrote you all about it the other day, but no words could he strong enough to describe his agony. But even that was not so bad as what cams after, the day when they told iuo they feared paralysis ; and that whenever ho recoved, if he did recover, he would be lame for life-^ lame ! Oh ! it breaks ury heart to think of it!' 'Oh, you must be brave, dear,' Derry said, passing his hand tenderly over her ruffled golden locks ; his own eyes were misty as he spoke ; ' remember, lame or no, he will be with you still, and that is every thing.' ' Ah 1 yes, indeed ; if I can only keep him I shall try and bear everything else. I — 1 have not been so silly before aB I am to night, Derry ; it sounds foolish, but I am crying because you have come, dear. I have wanted someone like you, some sympathetic friend to go to all this time.' Dorothy's voice faltered a little at the end, her head drooped so that she could not see the quick, stern look that came over Derry's face. ' And — and has no one come to you ?' he asked, in hard, dry tones ; he could not frame the words that should bring in Nancy's uame. ' Aunt Anne wrote very kindly, offering to help nurse daddy, but I refused her ; she would have been no use, Derry.' ' No, she would have been no use,' Derry reapeated. They were both too kind-hearted to say out frankly that Mrs. Darnley would in reality only have been an additional trouble. ' But Lady jUerefield, Dolly ?' ' She would come : and, to do her justice, I think she has fretted terribly about papa ; but ount Priscilla does not exactly suit ine, Derry.' A faint smile flickered on Doroth's wan face for an instant, but it found no answer ing one on Derry's grave face. There was a silence between them, during which lie tried hard to crush down the new bitte.nipss that was springing up against Xancy. Dorothy looked al him wistfully once or twice, and then, as their eyes met, she leaned forward hurriedly. ' Yes, Derry, 1 know what is in your mind,' she said, ' you are wondering why Nancy has not come to me in the time of my trouble.' ' It ^as her positive duty,' ho answered, harshly ; ' if such a thing as gratitude ex isted in her heart she would not, could not. have deserted you at this time for a hundred husbands!' Dolly looked a little astonished at his warmth, then slie shook her head. Ah ! I see you are like all the rest, you have nothing but hard thoughts for Nancy !' ' If so, sho has herself to thank for them,' he said, bitterly. 'Come now, Dorothy, confess, does not your sweet nature recoil from this girl, who first off all sells herself — yes, sells, for what other reason can bo given for her marriage to ft brute who happens to possess thousands, and can gratify her every wish J and then, when you, her benefactor, her friend, her sister — when you are in the greatest sorrow a woman can kuow, she never even comes near you, or offers to help you in the smallest degree. Hard thoughts ! What thoughts can bo too hard for such a creature !' Dorothy's lip quivered. ' If this were true, Dorry, I might perhaps go with you.' ' If ?:- Derry's eyes were flashing. ' What doubt is there then 1- if, indeed ! Dorothy, you arc almost too tender, too forgiving!' * ' Where Nancy is concerned I am all love !'' the girl cried, staunchly ; ' for I alone know the truth.' Derry paused ; at ono touch, his bitter ness, his anger died out — hope and fear spraug into birth. Dorothy's tones were pregnant with some meaning, Doubt en veloped him in vague, mysterious clouds ; his very heart seemed to cease beating. ' What do you mean ?' he asked, huskily. ' The truth— what is the truth ?' Dorothy shrank back from him ; his man ner was so strange it frightened her. Derry at once saw this and changed his mood. ' I spoke hastily ; but I felt rather warm on the. question. I — I don't car© to judge anyone unjustly, so will you tell rue all you know 1' Dorothy shook her head sadly,, ' 1 know very little, but even that little I may never tell — my lips are sealed.' Her thoughts as she spoke had gone to the agony she had seen in Nancy's face on her wedding-morning ; to the one passionate cry that. had broken from the girl's pule lips; to llie unuttored confidence that had passed between them, and to the promise sent, by lSainos, that never-to-be-forgotten day, which j she would guard sacredly until Xancy herself removed thu seal and permitted her to speak. Derry's heart gave our sreat leap. Had he, (hen, been false all through? '? What wrong had he, perchance, heaped on ? his darling's memory rl lie was i:i the dark ; liow, but hope was dawning l;i.-yo!id, and he ! would fathom this mvstcrv, even if it cost | him Uh life, i (7V?..?('i-i(l.-.!.'-r/.) 