CAPTURING A ROBBER CHIEF. Black Rube was supposed to be a Mexican, whose real name was not generally known, but by his confederates was called Captain Rube, and being a tall, gaunt, and very dark-visaged fellow, the people where he was only known as a desperado and robber gave him the sobriquet of Black Rube, a name that really became a bugbear. He was a shrewd, daring fellow, and ever seemea to Know just wnere tne nnest norees were, and how they were secured; also -when private families or country stores had any money about them; and when such was the case, the proprietors might be sure that Black Rube would give them a call, unless, forsooth, a watch was set to receive him, and if there was, he was sure to find it out and forbear to put in an appearance, at least until after such precaution ceased. How he kept posted about such matters was something of a conundrum to every body not actually engaged in the business with him ; still, most people thought they knew just how he got his information ; if called upon to do so, could lay their hands on the very man and no mistake. But, not withstanding many schemes had been devised to detect the various suspected culprits, no one had ever been found guilty. Every eSort to capture Rube had hitherto proved abortive ; he either outran his pur Buere, or threw them off his track and thus escaped them. Twice he had turned upon his pursuers, surprised, and dispersed them. These feats of artful daring excited no little ambition and determination among the people, especially in the breasts of young bloods, many of whom longed to be the boasted captor of this shrewd, bold robber. He was usually attended, it seems, by a greater or leas number of followers, ac cording as the prospective harvest was great or small. At the time of which we write there had been quite a number of horses stolen, besides one or two stores robbed of & considerable sum of money. As usual, on the disclosure of such events, great excitement and confusion prevailed; and before this cooled down to a rational basis, and a party fitly equipped and sent in pursuit, the bold Rube, with his ill-gotten gains, was many miles away, running, as he ever did, for the pathless mountain region, where it was next to impossible to capture him, because of the difficulty of tracking him fast enough to overtake him. As this sagacious robber chief had been so unsuccessfully pursued heretofore, the leading men of the country, forming them selves into what they termed a committee of safety, made a selection of eight of the most resolute and trustworthy young men, offering them a considerable reward in money to keep up the pursuit till they captured or killed Black Rube, and a gold watch to him who actually did the deed. The party so selected was to be entrusted to the leadership of one Captain Brudee, a man who had won great credit as a scout in the Union Army during the war. It is hardly necessary to add that every one so selected readily accepted the offer and immediately reported ready for service. As I had served much under Captain Brudee, and was well known to him, I was aleo prevailed on to join this enterprise. Every step was taken to ensure success ; the party was well mounted, armed, and otherwise equipped for a long and effectual pursuit; in fact, our watchword was, 'Black Rube must come.' But, as the Yankee said when he tackled the skunk, that though he was 'much the biggest, the advantage was with the skunk by a dooced long odds ;' so in this case, victory, or rather the prize, was won by those, and in a way least expected. To facilitate the tracking of the thieves, and travelling through a pathless country, an Indian and a Chinaman, both considered trustworthy and expert woodsmen, were attached to our party. The Indian, how ever, was only a half-breed, and little known other than that he was a great stroller and hunter. As their names were unfamiliar to us, and outlandish any way, and as the first named was rather dark, the other very yellow, we humorously styled them our black-and-tan pointers, and so called the one ' Black' and the other « Tan.' TheBe men were dressed in Indian costume and armed with old and rather dilapidated guns and hunting knives, so that if seen by the robbers would not likely be mistrusted, but taken for what they seemed to be, Indian hunters, thus serving in some sort as spies or decoys. At length, all fairly in readiness for a etart, we set out on tbe pursuit, and, for greater secrecy, in the wee small hours of the night. We soon reached the mountain region where the robbers had entered. Here the guards dismounted and struck out to hunt the trail; this they soon found, but after following it for a few miles they found the robbers had dispersed widely over the country, which Tendered tracking them almost impossible. Then they returned and reDorted their discovery. Captain Brudee told them then to seek the passes through which the robbers must pass, where they would likely again find the trail. This was done; and this method was followed up, but it was diecouragingly tardy. Our advance waB also still further impeded by the jealousy and contention of the guides. They differed and disputed so much as to the situation of the country, the passes, distances, proper ways to them, and, indeed, about almost everything, and the party depending so much upon them, especially in trailing, it began to force itself upon our minds that Black Rube's capture was very likely to be still further postponed. The pursuit dragged on. The guides had fallen much in the estimation of the party, and Captain Brudee threatened to send them back, for he considered that they had retarded rather than accelerated the pursuit. The guides were now out, and they had been gone all day, and their return was impatiently awaited. Late in the evening they came hurrying in from different points, botn witn great excitement declaring tnat they had been fired upon by the robbers. ' Cap'n, me shot,' said Black, pointing to his shoulder which was very bloody. 'Shoulder broke, think; me shoot, too; kill dog theif, think.' 'Blank your blinkers,' angrily retorted Brudee; ' your business was not to fight, but show us the enemy. And what big thing have you done ?' turning to Tan. ' Me see robbee, too, captee. He shoot ; zipee, hit rockee very close, piece slapee me in face ; me shoot plenty quick, an' robbee fall, vely dead.' '«yely dead/ the thunder,' retorted Captain Brudee, derisively. ' You and Black, here, are ' vely5 big donkeys without anything that goes into the makeup of clever donkeys. Don't you see that you have been shooting at each other ? Now, gentlemen, I am done with your services ; take up your baggage and return. Go immediately, you shall not remain another hour.' As it was late and beginning to rain, some of the men begged that they might remain till morning, but the captain wbb inexorable, and neraisted in drivine- them off. Black went off with seeming in difference, for, though we little dreamed of it, it was what he wanted ; but Tan went off calling on Joss to visit sundry bad things on us. As it was very rainy, for the greater comfort of ourselves and horses we took up our quarters in a small cave that was near, and secured our horses a little further on beneath a rocky cliff, where we trusted, as the night was bad, they would not be molested. Tan, in the meantime, though very mad, did not think of leaving us, but had only gone a little way and prepared to pass the night on a height from whence he had a view of our lodgings. But as the continued rain rendered his lodging unpleasant, he left it and sought shelter where we had secured our horses. Here he lay down to rest, but was too wet and mad to sleep, though the soft, warm night was very inducing. He had not lain here long before he heard the tread as of a number of men softly approaching. At first he thought it was some of our party coming out to see about the horses, but he was soon undeceived, for they approached very near him, and their leader turned, and said ia a subdued tone— ' Here, men, are the horses ; take them to our quarters, then hasten back, we must attack the men ; I will remain to watch till your return.' ' Nay, Captain Rube,'- protested the men, ' let us be satisfied with the horses, leaving the men undisturbed.' 'I tell you, my men, we must, if possible, have that captain and Chinaman out of the way ; the one can track a ghost and the other kill one. So hurry away with the horses, then return; I will remain just where I am.' The men hastened away with the horses, and Rube — for it was indeed he — sat down on a stone almost in reach of Tan, to wait and watch. Tan was not long in determin ing what to do. He softly arose, with his gun in hand, and made a dash toward tbe robber, and laid him senseless upon the ground with a blow from his gun. Ripping his belt in twain, he bound his man hand and foot, then ran, filled with exultation, to arouse tbe party. ' Hilloo-ee ! Captee, alle wake up !' he shouted, excitedly, at the mouth of the cave. ' Me come. Me bloke Rubee's head, gotee him tied upee plenty tight. Whew pee ! me gitee watchee ! Be plenty quick ; robbees got alle hoB6ees, but coming back plenty soon. Be vely quick, captee, comee out, hidee till they come, an' Mil 'em plenty more.' We were greatly surprised. But from this jargon, and more like it, we soon learned what was necessary to be done in order to save our horses, and also some of the robbers, which we did when they returned — killing two, wounding two, and capturing four besides Black Rube. Our surprise was still more complete when, coming to examine Tan's prisoner, we found that he was the acknowledged Black Rube by his men, and that he wae also our veritable Indian guide. This explained how the robbers had been so successful in their operations, and also the shooting between the Indian and Chinaman. Well, we returned with all of our horses, aleo those the robbers had previously stolen, and our prisoners, yet, after all, rather crestfallen, for it was clearly not by our own skill and management that we escaped falling into the robbers' hands. Tan got the watch. — James I. Baird, in Yankee Blade. , ? . 