UNITED CHRISTIAN CON- FERENCE. The services of the United Conference held through the week were brought to a close yesterday. The afternoon meeting was held in the Memorial Church school room, and was well attended. Pastor Soltau presided, and prayers were offered by Revs. W. Law, H. Greenwood, and Allen Webb, and Pastors White and Soltau. The service of song in this and the following meeting was selected from " Sacred Songs and Solos." The Rev. Allen Webb (Melbourne) spoke on the subject "'The fulness of blessing \- How to obtain it." He would, he said, deal with the meeting as consisting of anxious enquirers, and hoped to be able to give instruction as to how to obtain bless ing. Only those could receive Divine blessing who were sincerely desirous to possess it. No doubt some of them, dis- satisfied with the world and led by the Divine processes, were longing for l something better, and were now saying, "Thou, O Christ, art all I want." It was usually in connection with trial that souls were brought to seek God as the pre-eminent object of existence. The path might he planted with some thorns, but it led to glory. He would urge them to believe in the all-pervading fitness of God to satisfy the soul, and to enable them to attain to a higher platform of experience. There were men in all churches who were useful advance spies in revealing deep spiritual knowledge, just as the spies in Joshua's time came back from Canaan and reported of the goodly land. Numberless instances of these were found in religious biography and in present day-life of those who rejoiced in the blessed experience of a high spiritual condition. The uniformly first condition of obtaining blessing was full consecration, absolute surrender to God. They must yield themselves to God, and have no choice but to do and suffer the will of God in everything. Spirit, soul, and body must in very deed be given up to God, and then the light would come and reveal wherein they must walk. It was sometimes but a trifle of sacrifice that kept men from perfect blessing. The offering must be " O, Christ, take my eyes to look for thee; my lips, to speak for thee ; my feet, to run in thy service; my intel lect, to be filled with thy blessed thoughts; my wealth, my powers, my ambition, my all- absolutely to be put on the altar of consecration." It costs a great deal to come to that step, but there were glorious compensations. The fulness of blessing was the reception of the Lord Jesus Christ. Having surrendered, they must believe and trust. Let faith exercise her peculiar function to apprehend spiritual things, and to appropriate Christ in all His glorious relationships. Take care and not indulge in anything outside the circle of consecra tion, and they would have time and energy for Christian work. His advice to each was-if you surrender and receive the Holy Ghost as Christ's Vice-Regent, don't look at your feelings as a test and trust to them. Leave it to God to give you this assurance in His good time. Some Christians were like narrow-necked bottles, and took a long time to fill, but the foun tain was inexhaustible. It was possible for the highest purposes of the Divine pro visions to be enjoyed by the humblest believer. Pastor Soltau continued the subject by dwelling on " The fulness of blessing- how to communicate it." Christian people were often like spoiled children in an ill regulated family. In the conference, how ever, they had given up fault-finding, and had sat in quietness and peace around God's table. Christians were to be "ad justed" to do God's will perfectly. This was the principle for receiving, attain ing, and communicating blessing. God had given them that conference for the adjustment of His saints in the town. The fulness of blessing was in the bound less provision of Christ; the Holy Spirit was the main from the reservoir; Christians were the supply pipes to the world, and all was in wondrous adjustment. If a single pin in a watch was out of adjustment the whole mechanism would be put out of order. A tiny thing, a flaw of character, would prevent communication being effec tive. Let ministers and Christian workers get into intimate and direct communica tion with God and they would have a word of power for communication to others. All power to communicate blessing depended on full consecration to Christ. "He that believeth on me the works that I do shall he do also, and greater works than these shall he do." Samuel was a type of conse crated adjustment and his prayer was, " Speak, Lord, for thy servant heareth.': The closing service will long be remem bered by the congregation, which filled the Memorial Church. Pastor Soltau presided, and read Exodus, 32nd chapter, appositely expounding the Scripture, illustrating the subject of consecration to God. The Rev. J. Russell (Evandale) offered prayer. The Rev. E. C. Tennent (Hagley) gave a most impressive address on "Consecration to God." Christian consecration, he said, meant a setting apart for God's purposes, a dedicating to God's service of what Christian's possessed; in short. it was giving their best to the Lord. Consecra tion was taught by God to the Old Testa ment saints little by little; when He began to teach them the lesson they were babes in Christ. The first form of consecration was to give them the opportunity of making free-will offerings to God, and they gave their ornaments, etc. A nobler, richer form was next to give their own bodies under the Nazarite vow, but they did not give themselves for always-" Ye shall number the days of your separation." This was followed by a higher class of conse cration; the life- time separation of the priests and prophets. But this was not entire consecration-the priests "served in courses," and prophets went on their mission "when sent." All these forms of consecration were in connection with work ing for a righteousness under the law. Christian consecration embraced all these forms, and was described as "a living sacrifice, holy, acceptable unto God." It must be complete in money and person; and holy in a consecration in which God could see no flaw. In the Christian dispensation consecration was from love to the Righteous One-the Lord Jesus Christ-and he who withholds a fraction of its acceptableness does not wholly love, and is lacking in spirituality. God asks consecration from those that are His, and thus to show their gratitude for His wonderful redemptive work by a real, perfect consecration. Did they understand this high ideal? God had a right to demand His soldiers should be loyal; many Christians were craven deserters instead of being foremost in the battle to be waged against sin. What form should consecration take ? They were to "pre sent" their bodies, to offer, to give their all, and to "yield" themselves entirely to the will of Christ. They must ask God to take back all they had received from Him in the trust of which they were but stewards. Consecration should be an act done once for all, though daily renewed. It was meanness to offer themselves at the altar of sacrifice and take it back. Chris tian people were not to be "conformed to the world;" their minds must not be moulded by the world's opinion; like Christ, they were to be " in the world, but not of the world." There was a beautiful picture of consecration in the shew bread laid in the Jewish sanctuary-the twelve loaves representing the twelve tribes of Israel. The shew-bread was placed where God could look at it, and the tribes by that act declared they were separated or con secrated to the Lord. Entire consecration was not an advanced stage in Christian life, there was no such thing us a late stage in the divine life; consecration must be whole as a first step ; consecration must embrace the offering of their best. The Jewish farmers went into their fields and plucked the first fruits of their harvest in an offer ing to God. Christians were not to give to God a consecrated remnant the glean ings of life, but all their beauty and fresh ness were to be laid at his feet. The Psalmist spoke of binding the sacrifice to the horns of the altar and they must bind theirs to the Cross of Christ, suffer and die if it be necessary. Such was St. Paul's consecration who prayed "that Christ might be manified in his body whether by life or death." The ancient Israelites were called by God to separation, but they relapsed and became corrupt. Their history was a picture of the professing Church of the Lord Jesus Christ to-day. The Church had forgotten God, made idols, and worshipped, gold, property, and worldly honour. In the time of the Jewish declension Moses stood at the outer gate of the camp and appealed to the back sliders to declare who were on the Lord's side. Did they not now hear Christ calling to the denominations and sections to come to Him from without the camp. That last service of the conference should be a time of solemn decision; the Lord called all to separateness and fidelity. Would they make the sacrifice though it involved the sundering of many a tie and the slaying of many a sin ? How reasonable was entire separation to God ! Consecration was good in itself; separated to holiness-was any condition better than that? Worldly facinations left bitterness, and in holiness only was real pleasure. Entire consecra tion only was acceptable to God, there must be undivided allegiance. A monarch of France had a subject who was also under a feudal allegiance to the English king, and he gave his liege a day to make his choice of subjection. Would they just then obey the invitation, " Come ye and join yourselves in an everlasting covenant unto the Lord." Pastor Soltau then read several written testimonies of praise for the benefit of the services, and also requests for special in tercession, and he offered thanksgiving and supplication in prayer. The meeting was most appropriately closed by the administration of the Sacrament of Holy Communion, and to which nearly all the congregation stayed. The Rev. C. Price presided, and the Revs. Allan Webb and J. Russell offered prayer. The sacred symbolic elements were handed by mini sters and office-bearers of the united churches. In closing the service the Rev. C. Price said they had just been observing the roll call of the church, and he trusted fresh allegiance would be accorded to their Lord and Master. The teachings of the week of conference now closing were that as Christians they were one in Christ, and devoted to the same service ; they were God's children, one family, notwithstand ing various differences in church polity and name. They had been led to contem plate the Eternal Spirit in His personality of the Deity as revealing the way of truth and drawing them to consecration. They had been led to look to the source of power and light and love, and their hearts had been kindled afresh withl love to a perish ing world. Let them as the people of God in Launceston concentrate their energies, and light, and truth, and love would go forth and bless the town. The impressive service was closed with a hearty singing of the hymn " To the work, to the work," and the Benediction, pro nounced by the Rev. C. Price. Pastor Soltau intimated the free-will offerings of the week to defray incidental expenses amounted to £20 17s. As they dispersed an offering would be taken for distribution by the Town Missionary among the Lord's poor. 