A STATE BALL^TlBiCKINGHAM ? - v^AOE. " . ' \ . - 'Bv Tia»ariur:'-; "The ik>rd/^a^berlaM\is cwmnjjiiacled-W' thfeQoetti to'tawte jtfvnk !y/dfctfx'to a Ball at Buckifigh&mtPalace; xj^ yV^dneaday, 6th June." ^-;iinjia-.iiearlyr.a8' I can re member, the i^v^^c^'u seoeived in tlie latter end of May, invitation to wliicl) thelfe could be bat one answer. Not that 1 desired to give any other. To a naval man who most of necessity spend much of his life at sea and abroad state balls come but rarely, and are a pleasant interlude in the monotony ot ofib's life. Five of ub went together from the college,<a'nd since fiilldresa must be woru on these occasions, and fall dreBS is worn so seldofn -hya naval man, we -underwent no little eevere criticism from our messmates Still, a dress uniform in all its splendour of navy blue and gold always looks well; and with our blue boat-cloaks, lined with white, thrown carelessly back d la novel to show the lining, oar sworde, and cocked hats, we really fancied ourselves; and might be par doned if we took one parting glance in the glass, and' felt, perhaps, a little like a girl at her first ball. You are riot expected to be early at a state ball, though you do come before your hosts, and, accordingly, our carriage drove up about half-past 10 to the palace, "where, mounted in the quadrangle, was a guard of honour of the 2nd Battalion of Grenadier Guards, and the band. In the interior, the Royal body guard of Yeomen of the Guard were on duty, under'the command of Sir F. Motley, and we made our way to the saloon, where, of course, no dancing could be done till the Royalties, were there to open the,ball: and so we amused ourselves, as the waiting crowd were doing, criticising each other, chatting to friends, or admiring the ball room. I certainty did that-last, for it was a beautiful room-large, of course, very large, and tremendously high, so high that I could not see whether the lamps, that seemed to twinkle away up in the dim distance, were gas or electric, but I'm inclined to-think they were gas. Down below where we were -the lighting was certainly done, and well done too, by electricity. The floor was a beautiful parquette, in splendid condition. There was a dais at the far end, arid raised seats all round, the furniture and drapery all being a deep.red, while the walls were of the same to about half- way up, after which there are paintings which, to my untutored eyes, looked very pretty. I judged they were proper paint ings of improper subjects, for I am sure that I saw a lady carrying a goose. The dais at the far end was for the Royalties. Facing it on the left were the peeresses' seats, where the women might have been lovely and their dresses superb, but in London one sees so many well-dressed, beautiful women, that I noticed chiefly the wonderful display of jewels. Opposite them on the right were the seats of the Corps Diplomatique, where were gathered together men from every civilised nation under the sun, with their wives and daughters. There were representatives of every . European nation, and others from every quarter of the globe-Peruvians, Chilians, Brazilians, and Mexicans from the West; Persians, Indians, and Japanese from the East; and the uni forms of their various states, and the rich dresses of tbeir women, made quite a blaze of colour. Not that uniforms were confined to the Corps Diplomatique, for the naval element was in strong force, and what with the many-coloured dresses of the women, the innumerable red- coated soldiers, the .red walls, and red draperies, it was almost too gorgeous. A little after 11 o'clock uahera with Ion;; white rods cleared the upper entrance. Then came live or six chamberlains, headed by the Earl of Lathom, the Lord Chamberlain, backing-a sailor would say " making a sternboard "-into the room, and after them the Royalties we had been waiting for so Ions. First came a nice-looking tall man, and on his arm a beautiful young woman in blue silk, wearing oil her head a tiara of diamonds. Such a young, pretty woman it was hard to believe, hoe that she was the Princess of Wales and England's future Queen-she looked it every inch-but that the young man in the uniform of the 10th Hussars who followed her was her son, anil the diamonds she wore were presents which commemorated her silver wedding-day. Her partner, the tall nice-looking man, was the King of Norway and Sweden, the marriage of whose son has been making such a stir in England lately; and after them came the Prince of Wales, his eldest daughter, various other members ot the Royal family, and the ladies and gentlemen in attendance on them. As soon as they entered a Royal quadrille was danced, the hosts of people wiio filled the ball-room standing around and looking on. And as a spectacle, too, that quadrille was hardly a success, for though the others were well up in the figures, the northern King's education, as far as quadrilles go, had evidently been neglected, and he was perpetually getting lost in the mazes of the dance, and turning up at unex pected times and in unexpected places. If be had not been a king perhaps some one would have laughed when he followed the Princess, of VVales closely. through the ladies7 chain, and clung with the helplessness of despair to the Princess Christian when she came his way. As it was, there was not the ghost of a smile on anyone's face, though I'm inclined to think the- unfortunate King himself was heartily thankful when be was safe through. After that dancing became general-, if you can call it so, when in all that great company there were never more than 15 couples at a time, hardly ever aa many as 10, and yet, as .1 have said, the iloor wat capital, and the music, Coote and Tinney's band, conducted by Charles Coote himself, was exquisite. For myself, I danced once just to say I had done so, and I suspect that was more than most men did. Truth to tell, dancing in full dress is somewhat of a nuisance, for etiquette requires that you bring your sword and cocked hat into the ballroom, and though you may deposit them somewhere if you can find a place while dancing, they mast be resumed immediately after. The great majority of people had come to see and be seen, and dancing was not in great request, though those who did dance certainly danced well. The programme was always a square dance and a waltz, with bete and there a polka. Nowadays the only waltz allowable, and I noticed it particularly at the State Ball; is the old dettz-temp# danced at a tremendous rate; and there is no going 'backwards and forwards and no re versing., 'This quick-time dance strikes me as rp^her strange and out of place, for all other things seem to tend towards the old fashioned courtly' manners of our grand fathers atid great-grandfathers. They say we live ^tcio fast; we dont study our manners sufficiently in these times; but looking on at this stately, dignified ball 1 feel inclined to- contradict that scatement ail roandL To see die people shaking hands is a ... cottUftdiction in itself. The aran felwottjdiit;?;* in lfofct' of thc body neatly as high as tha face in a stiff curve or bow, and when, the hands meet they shake from the wrist only \- slowly up and down for some little time, in £otoe .peases continuing the conversation during-the operation. Could' anything light or' frivolous accompany a hand-shakeHrtce that? And when i see beside me a red- coated soldier or blue-coated sailor shaking hands in this courtlymshion with some pretty, richly clad damsel I feei sure he is not addressing ber in the ordinary careless modern Blip shod fashion, but has gone back a hundred years or so, and is talking to her in the measured phraseology that was in vogue in those days. There were many pretty cirls and many handsome women, but, of course, in 60 great an assemblage rofuiy plain ones, too. Man;' well dressed, many gorgeously dressed, but of all the one I noticed most, perhaps, was a Dowager Marchioness, who was wonderful to behold-very old, tremendously got up, with her poor old hair hanging down her back like a young girl's, but wearing jewels remarkably lovely, even in that crowd, where all the jewels were magnificent. After all, there is not much fun about a state ball; it is a solemn, slow, dignified a flair well worth going to see, but even the good champagne and excellent refreshments served by gorgeous creatures glittering -in sold did not disturb its stately decorum. The Royalties did not stay very long, and after -they had taken their departure one by one the guests left, fbo. flnd it was quite early in the night when I found myself back in my room at Greenwich writing you an account | of my first state ball. j 