A New and Original Novel, | ENTITLED I A FAIR CRUSADER : A STORY OP TO-DAY, («3»WITH THIRTY-FOUR ILLUSTRATIONS) BY WILLIAM WESTALL ' ' " " ' ' AUTHOR OF " "Harry Lohengrin," "The Puantom City." "The Old Fac- tory," "Red RyTington," "Tiro Pinches ot Snuff," ?r . " The Battle of the Winds," " Lucky : .". Mr. Briggs," 4c. [THB RICIHT OF TRANSLATION K RESERVED.] \- ': R ' CHAPTER XXIII-CONTINUED. Once or twice George was rather better on 1 thè morrow, and ate with something like appetite, which he rightly regarded not only as a favourable sign but as a good thing in itself. On the whole, however, he did not gain strength, rose late in the morning, seemed to bc losing his energy, and often kept his : room tho greater part of the day. Things were in this state when Ned, who 1 " had been on a visit to his sisters in Surrey, returned to Fairmead. He was greatly shocked by the change in his uncle's appear- ance. ".This won't do at all," he said to his father and stepmother. " TJncle George is really very ill, whatever you and he may think. He is not like the same man. Why, he can hardly walk, and since I saw him last he^must have lost twenty or thirty pounds in weight ! You must get a doctor to him at :, once." " You exaggerate, Ned, I don't think your uncle is at all seriously ill, and those liver complaints generally get better of themselves, ¿;-1-fancy. However, I quite agree with you that George should see somebody, aud I have told him so over and over again/ So has your stepmother. But it isn't a bit of use. He says he doesn't need a doctor, and won't have one, and to send for Sandford or Mos- tyn,' or anybody else, without his consent, ' would not only vex him, but make it seem as if we thought him in a very bad way indeed -much worse than-he is, in fact. But try what you can do ; persuade him if you can to let us send for either Sandford or Mostyn. I I don't care.which." . - - "?'< ????? " Sandford ¡is the best," said Rufine. "He is a very nice old gentleman, and has had so much more experience than the other." " That is a matter of detail," said Ned. "The essential point is to get him to consent to see somebody, as my father puts it. I will go and speak to him at once." But the young man was no more success- ful than his elders had been. ",You are very kind, Ned," said George. "But I won't have a doctor just yet. I don't think there is really any' need. I have just eaten half a mutton chop, and feel better already. I shall be all right in a day or two." The young man could not help smiling. But the next moment he felt sorry. There was something almost pathetic in the idea of George Brandon regarding the consumption of half a mutton chop as a thing to be proud of. Ned tried again, and still again,, to prevail on his uncle to listen to reason, but all with- out avail j and he was going regretfully away, when Ali, who was always hovering about his master's room, and whom Ned found outside, touched .him on the shoulder. " The Sahib is very sick," he whispered, " and he will not have a hakim-a doctor." " Ihn Sahib it very sich," he ivhùpcrei. j The young man nodded. j "If he sees not a doctor he will die. He j should see a doctor this day." " I quite agree with you about the doctor," said Ned, who was much struck with Ali's manner, "the trouble is that he won't have 'one. . I have been trying to persuade him, but he absolutely refuses. I have not given up, though. I shall try again in a day or \- two." " A day or two may be too late. My master is very sick." -. " No, no, it is not so bad as that. Besides, what is to be done? Uncle George is not the sort of man to be coerced. If he won't, he won't." " It is true. But there is one person who can make him-" . "Andthatis-1" " The Mem Sahib. His sister, Missy Hin- ton. You must see her and make her come to him this day." "A capital, idea, Ali! Aunt Mary can manage him if anybody eau. I will go to Wild Eoses and see her, right away." With that Ned returned to. his uncle's room and asked if he might have one of bis horses for a ride in the forest. " . -¿ fi By all ¡means," said George. " Take Brandywine; he wants exercise.' Ali will fetch him for you. I wish I could go with you, old man." "I wish you could, George, with all my heart. But never mind, we'll have you well in a day or two, and before I go back to smoky old Manchester we must have at least one canter in the green glades of the forest." CHAPTER XXIV.-LIVER OR LOVE ? An hour later, Edward Brandon was at Wild Boses, telling his Aunt Mary his errand. She seemed almost stupefied. " George ill !" she exclaimed, "not able to eat! I can hardly believe it. Why, he is the strongest and healthiest man I ever knew. Of course, he must have a doctor, and though I did say-But never mind that, I will go to Fairmead this very after- noon. No wonder we have seen nothing of him lately. But why didn't somebody write tome?" "That is more than I can tell you. I. only got home late last night. You will come immediately, then ? It is very desir- able you should." " Immediately ! I will ask Mrs. Pember- ton to let me have the phaeton, and I am sure Lucy will drive me over." This proposal was acted on forthwith, and Nod rode with the ladies to Fairmead, keep- ing mostly, on Miss Pemberton's side of the camage/sperhans because his auut seemed k indisposed for conversation, as in truth she ;?as, her mind being much exercised about her brother. Ned's account of him had. alarmed her. Her life, moreover, had been BO full of sorrow and disappointment that she was always disposed to expect the worst. " Poor George !" she thought. " If any- thing happens to him it will be just like my luck. . . The only relative or friend who cares for me. . . . "What can it be? Surely not love ! No ! George Brandon is not the sort of man to die of love. Did any man ever die of love? I doubt it; they haven't it in them. Still, there is something. .... I read it in his face the last time I saw him- whem he was at Wild Eoses. It may have been liver, but it looked a good deal more like love. . . . Lucyr r»o! Lucy admires him and, I daresay, would have him if he asked her. All the same, she is heart-whole-yet. There would he no causé for him to pine about her. It must be the other, then. She seemed very quiet and low after he was gone, and on the. fol- lowing day went off to London. Tes, that would explain a great many things. He didn't deny it either, only said something about the absurdity of supposing he could fall in love with a married woman, and so threw me off thc scent. Absurd perhaps, but, unfortunately, not impossible, and never j was if the decalogue is anything to go by. ' Oh, it is just like a male creature to go and lose his heart to another man's wife, above all a convict's wife-when he has a whole world of single women to pick and choose from ! If it is so, something must be done, or there will be further trouble. But, after all, that cannot be the cause of his illness. George is too much of a man to lose his appetite for any woman. I must see him and hear what the doctor says, and then I shall have to put on my considering cap." She did see him, and was apalled to find what a portentous change a few days had wrought in her brother's appearance. His limbs were visibly shrunken, his cheeks hol- low, and his voice was weak and shaky. " Not see a doctor !" she exclaimed. " Only a temporary loss of appetite ! You will be all right in a few days ! You mean, I suppose, that you will be in your coffin. Don't you see, you foolish boy, that this inability to eat is an effect, not a cause. A doctor worth his salt would tell you whdt.it is in five minutes, and cure you in as many days. I suppose you don't want to die ?" George laughed faintly, and admitted that he had no particular wish to join the great majority just yet. " "Well, then, you must have a doetor at once. "Which shall it be? There are two at Fairmead. Dr. Sandford, a practitioner of the old school, intensely respectable, prosy and orthodox, and extremely popular with nursing mothers and little babies. The other, Doctor Mostyn, is a young fellow almost fresh from college, but very scientific and that, and he has the reputation of being clever." ~. " I give in, Mary ; no use trying to reßist you," said George, with a sigh. " It is very kind of you, I am sure, to give me a choice of masters, for when once you call in a doctor your liberty is gone. Send for the young fellow by all means. He is on his promotion, and will doubtless do his level best to pull me round as soon as possible ; and that prosy, pompous chap I am sure I cannot abide. ; He came when I hurt my ankle." " You are right. Ladies' doctors are my abomination ; they are too glib, smooth and' oily to be clever. If my poor boy were only here and in his right mind ! For whatever may be his faults of conduct, nobody can deny that he is clever. I shall send Ali for Doctor Mostyn, then ?" " Do. He will no doubt want to look at ! my tongue, ausculate my heart, sound my liver and all that sort of nonsense, besides asking me no end of ridiculous questions, and the sooner I get it over the better." Ali was sent off forthwith-nothing loath -and found the doctor at home, who, as George had suggested, being on his promo- tion and keenly solicitous for patients, lost no time in responding to the summons. A young man he was, but rather portly withal, and affecting a gravity of manner more befitting fifty or sixty years than the six or seven-and-twenty he had actually attained, yet possessing in full measure two qualities without which a physician, how- ever learned in theory, is of very little use in practice :-sympathy and a faculty of quick observation. " Sou are suffering from dyspepsia," he said, after asking his patient a few ques- tions. " That is quite clear. There is also considerable nervous disturbance. I can- not say as much for the cause, though. Your liver seems quite healthy, and there is nothing in your habits-. Did you ever have anything of the sort before ?" " Yon arc suffering from dyspepsia." " Never been off my feed or unable to sleep at nights in my life before, and the last night or two I have hardly slept a wink." " Never knew yon had either stomach or nerves, in fact," said Mostyn, with a smile. "Strange! Dyspepsia generally comes on gradually, and gives a man ample warning before it assumes so sévère" a form. How- ever, I think we shall soon have you all right -always provided you strictly follow my injunctions." " Tell me what to do, and I will do it," said George, resignedly, "I am in your hands." " Well, in the first place, you must knock off your morning tea. I shall allow you neither tea nor coffee. Take instead, a glass or two of new milk - as early as you like ; then an hour later a freshly laid egg, beaten up with two teaspoonfuls of old brandy. Never mind whether you like it or not. Swallow it. At noon, another glass or two of milk aud a slice or two of cold toast. "Wash it down with the milk if the dryness of your mouth prevents you from swallow- ing. I shall also send you a mixture which you must take as directed, and about the middle of the day I will see you again. For supper to-night, tho yolk-mind, only tte yolk-of a lightly boiled egg. I mean tbat you must make yourself take it, how- ever disagreeable it may be, as if it were medicine, in fact." "So it will be," said George wearily. " That is the strange part of it ; I have no desire for food whatever, the mere smell of it nauseates me, and eating is a painful oper- ation. However, I will follow your direc I tions to the letter, and see what comes of it. But it will be a trial, going without my tea. I It is the only thing I care for." Mrs. Hinton, who had been anxiously waiting to hear the result of the examina- tion, waylaid the doctor as he was leaving the house. " "Well," she said, " what do you think ? Is he as ill as he looks-dangerously ill, I mean-or is it just a severe attack. of indi- gestion ?" " I do not think your brother is in any immediate danger," answered Dr. Mostyn gravely and cautiously, " but I cannot say there is no cause for anxiety. If the malady had been allowed to go on a few days longer unchecked - if you had not called anybody in, I mean-the consequence might have been very serious." " But you think now- ?" " I think now that with care we may have him all right in a few days. But I am not infallible, you know, and it is a queer, and, in some respects, rather a mysterious case." " Queer and mysterious ?" "I mean that though the diagnosis pre- sents no particular difficulty, the cause of your brother's illness is decidedly obscure. I was remarking, only the other day, that I hardly ever saw a man of more splendid vitality or with an apparently sounder con- stitution. His habits, too, seem to have been most regular, and he never had dys- pepsia in his life before. Yet this attack comes on, so far as I can learn, without any preliminary symptom or assignable cause. I can only suppose that he has eaten, with- out knowing it, something extremely indi- gestible-perhaps gone on eating it several days. However," smiling, " the cause is a secondary matter ; our present concern is to cure him. "Who looks after him ?" "My sister-in-law, Mrs. Brandon, exer- cises a sort of general, superintendence, I believe. She is in town to-day, but Ali, my brother's Indian servant, is really his nurse, and takes better care of him than any woman, or, at any rate, any woman in this house, could qr would do." " Good ! It is to Ali I must give my directions, then. Shall I have the pleasure of seeing you here to-morrow, Mrs. Manton?' "Very likely. I shall certainly come every day until my brother is "better, whethei Mrs. Brandon likes it or not." Dr. Mostyn looked surprised, but he was too discreet to ask questions which concerned neither himself nor his patient, and shortly afterwards he went his way. Mary was not long in following his ex- ample. She had no particular wish to set Kufine, who might now be back at anj moment, and her conscience rather prickec her for keeping Lucy Pemberton waiting s( unconscionable a time. But Mary's mis- givings on this score were quite unnecessary that young woman having passed a ver] pleasant hour with Ned in the billiard roon and garden. The drive home was rather slow-in mon senses than one, for the old cob never wen at a very tearing pace-and Mary was to< much occupied with her thoughts to car< about talking; and Lucy, guessing he: friend's wishes, did not ply her with man; questions. When they were about a mile from "Wih Eoses, and in a part of the forest where tb trees, meeting overhead, lend to the scene especially when the sun is low or the da; gloomy, a weird and melancholy aspect, : man came out of the thicket, some fiffr yards lower down, and after pausing a fev seconds in the middle of the road, glidei again into the wood. " Good heavens !" exclaimed Mary, clut ching her companion's arm. " That man did you-did you see-?" " Yes, I saw a man. Nothing alarming i that I hope ? He was clothed, and no doub in his right mind, and vanished as sudden! as he appeared." "That man, Lucy, is my poor boy-m husband, I mean-or his ghost. I saw th face distinctly." CHAPTER XXV.-A RANDOM SHOT. WIIEX Mrs. Brandon returned from towi about an hour after Mrs. Minton had le! Fairmead, she did not seem at all please with the turn which things had taken durin her absence. " You might have waited till I cam back," she said to Ned. " Excuse me, mater, but I really don't se why. And as both my father and yonrse thought somebody should be called in, au as I could not prevail on George myself, went for Aunt Mary. Everybody knov she has more influence over him than ani body else." " Ah, you think so," said Eufine with a ill-concealed sneer. " I am sure. The proof of the pudding in the eating. Aunt Mary came and tl doctor has been." ""What doctor? I wanted to see hi myself. Your uncle is in my charge, remer ber. You sent for Dr. Sandford, of course i " I sent for nobody ; but Ali, I presun by his master's orders, fetched Mostyn, ar Mostyn came, and will no doubt come again answered Ned, warmly; for his step-mothei manner was even more offensive than h matter. She seemed to be in a state i great nervous irritation. "They should have sent for Sandfor "Why didn't they send for Sandford ?" "Probably because George conside Sandford an old woman-and he is qui right. I wouldn't let him doctor a co: sumptive cat-unless I wanted it to die." "That is what you think. And tl other man, Dr. Mostyn, what does he say ! " That George is suffering from a seve bout of dyspepsia and some nervous d rangement ; but that he will have him rig in a few days." "Oh! he says that, does he? Well, 1 me tell you that he is wrong, this elev doctor of yours. He does not understai the case. I tell you George Brandon w not get better in a few days-perhaps nevei " You did not say so this morning. Y< seemed to think there was not much tl matter with him. Perhaps you don't wa him to get better." A random shot, but it told. Eufine dre in her horns immediately. " I spoke hastily," she answered. " I w [ so excited at the idea of poor George beii improperly treated that I knew not what was saying. How can you be so crue Not want George to get better! "Why would almost give my life for him. Next your father there is no one I so much re peet. That is why I am so vexed they sei for this very young man, in whom, I frank admit, I have no confidence." * " Young! !Wb.y, he is eight and twenty if he is a day, and serious enough for seventy." " "Well, twenty-eight is young for a doctor However, if I am wrong, tant mieux. It will be all the better for poor dear George. Time will show who is right, and I shall be only too glad if I am wrong." " You might have waited till Ieame lacie." It seemed as if Bufine was likely to have abundant reasons for gladness. When Dr. Mostyn came on the following , day, he found a decided improvement in his patient's condition. George had taken his mixture, drunk his milk, eaten four eggs instead of two, and two slices of toast instead of one, and was now anxiously waiting to know what else he might eat; and feeling as he said, ready to tackle a beaf steak or even a small leg of mutton. The young doctor looked pleased: the correctness of his diagnosis was being proved by the success of his treatment. "It is as I thought," he said, with a grave satisfaction, in almost ludicrous contrast with his years. '"You are suffering quite as much from inanition as from dyspepsia. You were sick and sleepless because your stomach had nothing to do. There are occasions when it is necessary to force one- self to eat. But I don't think I can allow you to eat a leg of mutton at a sitting, just yet; you are still very weak, and we must proceed cautiously, or your second condition will be worse than your first." And. then he gave such further directions as he thought necessary. One was to continue taking the mixture, which it may be as well to mention; Dr. Mostyn prepared in his own surgery. "I suppose I may go out for an hour or two ?" asked George. " Certainly not-at any rate to-day. The quieter you remain for the present, the better. I don't think you have any idea how weak you are. You could no more walk down stairs than you could fly to the moon. A few days more and you would have been unable to rise from your bed, and your recovery might have been an affair of weeks." " Can you account for it yet?" "Not altogether. Even if you have unwittingly eaten something extremely indi- gestible, that would not sufficiently explain all your symptoms. Have you had any severe mental shock, or serious anxiety about business for instance?" "Yes. I have had both, though the cause is quite unconnected with business. Still I don't think-I mean, if I may speak frankly, that I am not the sort of man that I have too much common sense and savoir faire to let myself be physically prostrated by a disappointment, howevei great." " No, you do not look like a man who is much given to despondency. The disap- pointment might be a contributory cause but it could hardly be the efficient cause." " Yery slight the cause, I should say ; f o] it exists yet-the anxiety I mean; but, a¡ you see, I am better, thanks to your treat ment." "Yes. After all, the cause must bi mainly physical, and it cannot be wrong t< go on as we have begun. Continue thi milk and eggs ; eat also some fruit, and yoi may have a mutton chop or some roas fowl for dinner, but, whatever you do, kee] quiet, and worry yourself as little as ma^ be." TO BE CONTINUED IN TUESDAY'S ISSUE. 