A FiGtir WITH TRHJEE ELEPHANTS. bt H. Rideu uagqabd.. (fbom maiwa's bkvbxge ) About toue u'olock Crubo woke md ap, and told me that the head man of ooe of Wambc's kra»L had arrived to aeo me I ordered him to be orought np, and presently be came, a little wizsned, talkative old man, witn a -i-aist-clotb round Ljls middle, end a greasy, frayed karoas made of the skins of rock rabbits over his shoulders. I told bim to sit down, and then abuse-"! him roundly 44 What did be mean," 1 asked 44 by disturbing me in this rude way. How did he dare to cause a person of my quality and evideu - importance to be awakened in order to interview bis eutue'-y contemptible suit ?" I spoke thus because I knew toat it would produce an impression on him. Nobody except a really great mar, he would a gae, would daro to speak to hiui ia that faah-.on. Most savages are desperate bulhf.s at hear', and look on io3 jleuoa as a sign of power. The old man instantly collapsed. He was utterly overcome, he said ; bis heart was pin ia s wo, aud well reulUed the extent oi his misbehaviour. But tbe occasion was very urgeus. He heard Chut a mighty hunter wa in the neighbourhood, a beam if ul white man, how beautiful he could Bot have imagroe-3 had he not seen (this to me 1) and he came to b g bia assistance. Tbe truth was th-.S three bull elephants such as no man ever saw bad for years beea the terror of their kraal which wa but a small place — a cattle kraul of tbe gr-at cnief Wumbe'd where they lived ro keen the cattle. And now of late these elepnaa- a bad doaa them much damage ; but last night tb»y bad de-troyed a whole patch of n.ealie land, and be feared that if they came back they would all sterve next sens -n tor waut of food. Would tha might; while maa men be pleased to come and kil4 ihe rlByhanta? It woull ba ea-y for hirr to tlo — ob, moat easy ! It was only necessary th -t he should hide himself in a tree, for there was a lull moon, aud i.heu when he elephants ap peared he woald tpsak to them with the ga.i, aud they would fill do wo de-ad, and there would be n end of tbeir troubling. s Oij course I hummed and hawed, and made a gruat favour of o inseniing t.. this r,rnnoa?tl thnnh really I WA3 delieh'ed to have -uch a ca.nao. Oue of tbe cuudtiions cbat I made was that a messenger should at once be deeps fched to Wamee, whoBe kraal was two dais jouruty from where I »as, celling bim that I proposed to came and pay my reapeo'.a to bim iu a few days, and to ask his formal permission to about in his country. Also I intimated that I was prepared to pre- ftCno bim with 44 hongo," that is. bUcktuail, and that I hoped to do a little trade witu tarn in ivory, of whioh 1 heard ha had a great quantity. This message the old gentleman promised to cespatob at once, though tbera wa some thing abuut hU manner which sho-ved ate that he was doub fro a to how it would be re o-ivrd. After that we struck our camp and moved on to the kra-l, which we reaobrd about an hour before sunset This kraal #a- a collection of but au-r -undej by a aright thorn-fence, perh- ps there were ten of them in all Th uria kir.it>tr,nH iri a tclonf trf this mountain with a rivu'eut flowing down it. Tbe hlojf wa densely wooded, but for some distance above tba kraul it was free from hueb, and here on the rich deep ground brought down 1 y the rivulet ware the oulci vat-d lands, in extent aom- whete about twenty ur twenty-five acres. On the kraal aide of these lands stood a tingle hut, that net veil for utealie stores whioh at the niomeut was need as a dwelling- place by an old woman, tbe firs& wile of onr friend the bead man. L appears that this old lady, having had some difference of opinion with her hurbaud about the extent of authority allowed to a younger nd more. amUuid witc, nft'i'ifl'UiBd looweir in the k'aal any more' aud by way of marking her displeasure, bad taken up her abode among the mealies. As tbe iesae will show, fce was, it h»pp;ued, cutting off her oose to \- pite her fac-— Close by tbis hut grsw a large baobab tree, A glance at tbe maalio grbunds shorred me that the old head mau had not exaggerated the iniitr'i?f done by tho el-phsnts «o hi ocni>», were a pay gatting tips. Neatly mi Hirr ' ni s n; n e i ii is n mn - nr> i r nrr >'i» in r nne <\- - ' - half of the entire patch was destroyed. 'Th® i great brutes had eaten all they ooald, and the rest they bad trampled down, I went Hp to their spoor and- started -back in. amaztmenA - —never bad I seen snob tpoor before. It m» simply enormous, more especially that of one. 1 old bull, that bad. so said the native, bnc&- single tusk. One might bare used any of tho ' foot-prmts for a hip-bath. ' - Having taken stock of tho poeitioo, my . next step was to make arrangements for the- fr&y.; The tbres bade, acoordiog to thenatrys, had been spaorsd into the dense patch ot bnsb -WU IUU RiUVL klUTT if OCCUICCI IU UPS vqijr probable that tbey wonld return to-night to- feed on the remain-tor of the ripening mealies. If so, there was a bright -moon. and R struck me that by tho ererciaolof a little ingenuity I might bag one or more of them without expos ing myself to any rtBk, whioh, having thw- highest respect for the aggreaaiTe powers of ba!F elephants, was a great consideration to me. This then was my plan. To tbe nght:of the bnts as yon look np the kloof, and com manding the mealie tend stands the baobab- - tree that I have mentiooed. Into that baobAlv free I made np my mind to go. Then if tho- elephante appeared I should get a shot ht them, l announced my intentions to ttra - ' head man of ihe kraal, who was delighted. 44 Now," oe said, "hia people might sleep in- peace, for while tbe mighty white hunter saft alotE like a spirit watching ov9t the welfare of his kr&sl; what was there to fe»r ?" I told jbim that he was an ungrateful bmta to think of sleeping in peaoe while I, perched like a wounded vnlture on a tree, watched tor bis welfare in wakeful sorrow ; And onco mora be collapsed, and owned that my WOlda were " sharp, but jnst." However; as I have said, confidence was completely restored ; nnd that evening every body in tbe kr-al, including the superannuated vicsim of jealousy iu tha little hut where tha mealie cobs were stored, went to bed with a sense of sweet security from elephants and - all other animals thab prowl by night. F<;e mv part,. I pitched my carao below the kraal ; and then, having proenreu a beam - - of wood from tbe head man — rather a rotten one, by the way— I eat it across two bonghu - that ran ont laterally from the baobab tree, at a height ot about twenty-five feet from tha grcnod, in snob fashion that I and anotbes - man could sit' upon- it with onr legs bang-- ing down, and' rost our bocks against the bote of toe tree. This done I went back to the camp nnd had my-aupper. About nine o'clock, haif-an-hour before the moon-rise, I sum- cioned Gobo, wbo, thinking that be had had about enough of tbe delights of big game hunting for that day. did not altogether - relish the job ; and, despite hia remonstrancse, novo him my e;ght-bore to carry, I having tho - 570-sxpress. Then we set out for the tree. It was very dark, hat we found it without diffiaalty, though climbing it wos a more cam- plicited matter. However,, at last we got np and sat down, like two li tie boys on a fprm that 1b too high for-thera, and waited. I did not dare to smoke, hecaueeT- remembered .the rhinoceros, and feared that the elephanta might wind the tobacco if they should coma my way, and this made the business nigra . wearisome, so I fell to thinking and wondering . at the vaatnesa of tbe rilence. At last the moon came np, and with ifr.a moaning wind, at the bieutb of whtob tjie silence began to wbsiper mysteriously. Lonely enough in the newborn light looked the wide arpiuaa of mountain, plain, and forest, mora like some twilight vision of a dream, soma faint reflection from a fair world of peace beyond onr ken, than tbe mere faca of gainh earth made silvery toft with sleep. Indeed, had it not been for tba fact) that I wan beginning to find tbe log on which I sat vtrv hard, I should have grown qnite sentimental orer tba beautiful sight ; but I will defy any- body to become sentimental when seated jn tba dump, cn a very rough beam of wood, half way np a tree. Sol merely mada a mental note that it wsb a particularly lovely ntgpi, and turned my attention to the prospect of elephants. Bab no elephants came, and after waiting for anothor hour ox so, I think that what betweon weariness and dUgnat, mast have dropped intoagsntla d- zs. Presently I awoke with a f-tart. Gobo, who was perched close to me, but ae tar off aa tbe beam wouid allow — for neither white man nor black like the aroma which eaeh vows ie the peculiar and disagreeable property of the other— was fa'ntly, very faintly, clicking his forefinger agaiusfc dia thumb I knew by this signal, a verw favourite oca among oat.ivn and eun-bcarere, tbat- »e muse have seen or heard something. I looked at his face, and saw that he was Blaring excitedly towards tha dim edge of tbe bush beyond the deep green Hue of mealies. I slated too, aud listened. Presently I heard a soft, largo Boned, aa though a giant were gently stretching oht his bands and pressing back tho ears ot standing corn. Then cams a pauie, and then. QQj i ii » s; niity upou UiOij-.fltiiuiati/ ataiacu ' uu largest elephant I evc-r saw or ever shall Bee. Heivece, what a monster he was I mil nojnr the moolight glaamed upon bis one splendid ,i tnak — for -he other was missing— as be stood among the mealiea gently moving bis enor- mons o-wB to and fro, and tearing tbe wird with hia trunk. Whila I was stnl mar velling at bia tirtb, and speculating upon the weight of th-tt hugp tu-k, whioh 1 iwore should ba my tusk before very long, . ont stepped a tec-md bull and stood beBidd him. He was not qnite so tall, but he seemed to me to be almost thk-ke'-se than the first, and even in that light I could see th->6 both bia tuaka were perfect. Another cause and tbe third emerged. He wila hotter than either of the others, bnt hizhvr in the shoulder tban No, 2 ; aud when I tell yoa that, as I afterwards learnt from actual .measurement, the smallest of tbess threo mighty bulls measured 12f'. l!m. at tho h'-nl.fer, it will eive yon some idea of their aiza. Tbe three furmed into line and stood . - still for a minute, the one-tusked ball gently -- careering the elephant on the left with his trunk. Then they beg'n to feed, walking forward and slightly to the right as they gathered gieat buacbea of tbe sweet meriies aud totals them into their mouths. All this time tbey were more than a hundred and tweu'y y&rrla; away from me (tbis I knew because I had paced thn distances from tbe tree to ffcu various points) muah too f.r to allow of try attempting a shot at them in that uncertain light They ftd in a semicircle .gradually drawing r- uud towardB the hut near my tree. > in which the corn was stored and tba old woman slept. Tbis went on for between aa hoar and . . an hoar aud a half, till what be tween excitement and hope, that makeih . tbe heart sick, I got so weary that I was actually oratemplaring a de-oenti f.nm thn trnn. and a moonliubt Stalk. Snch an act in ground ao open would have been that of a stark, starlit luuaric, aud tht I h"ul<l even bave been contemplating it will . . show you the condition of ray nnud. Bat everything comes -e him who knows how to wait, and sometimes, too, -o him who . f doesn't, bo at last thoaa elephants, or rather one of them, catne to me. After they had fed their, fill, which was a . very large one, the noble tbr-e stood oiice . more in line spifla seventy yards to tha left of the hot, and on the edge of the cul- , tivated lands, .or 'in all aboat eighty-five, yards from where I was parched. Then at- . Uctthe 'one with the single task made ..a- oecaiiar racniDsi uoiae in oia truun jum his though he were blowing-- his nose, and , : without mora ad > brg-n to walk deuoerstely towards the but where the old woman step-. . I got my rifle ready aod glanced np at i.u& v; mooD, only to discover that a new comprint— : f tioa wan looming ia the immtoiute future. I . . have said that a wind ro e with the moon. . Well, tbs wind brought rain-cloud atoDg it» track. Several light one had already fora. little while lessened the light, though without.. . obscuring it, and now two mora were couri tig rupi-'ly no, both of them very black audi , dena.-. The first cloud was small aud long, and the oue behind hig and broad. I remember noticiog that the pair of 'hem bora- t a most comical reiemblauoe to a dray drawn,-'" by' a v>-ry' long raw'no-ed horse. . As -lack would have it, just ae the elephant got wi'hin twenty-fiv y »rd or so of me, the head of ton - - horse-cloud floated over the face of tbe rooun; - rendering it impovsihle for me to fi-e. In thw- iaiOE »«M gut) wuiuu iiuw«wra coald jast make oat the grey mass of the ' great hrate still advancing towards the bnt. Then the light went aU- ge' her and I had to ' trust to my ears, I heard him fumbling with f hi trunk, apparently at the roof of tbe hot £ nxt came a sound as of straw being Ora n out and then fur a little wh.le there wa» complete tiieuoe. 1 j ' The cloud began to pas ; I couH sro too.' > outline of .the elephan- ; be was standing with, hia head right over tha.r< p of the huh B »« t oou d not see his trunk, and no wonder, for ik C was icside the hut. He h-d throat it rtgnb, C through the roof, an-4, attracted no d-mb bjn- the msll of 'the msalirs. was a roping ivhautk wi'h it'inoi-to, I two growing light nnwj anflp I got my rifle ready, when suddenly ther- ww ' a most awful yell, and -I saw the trunk4 respoeav, and in its mighty fold the of# woman who bad heen steepirg in the hat. Oat she oaute through the b- io like a u«r»- t. winkle on the point r.f a pin, still wnoMI up. in her blanket.- and h'r skinny legs snifntna « tretch'-d to' the four points of tbe oompasa( aid »s sa>' >id n, gave that most alarming v. tCroesh. I <i-rily dWt- know who WMt-ffeiCI won frightened, she, or I, or the «tei>b«at. -rv-a'; yrate tbe 1m x considerably slaiUd' &i;» htur t«» fi»bln« for meaiiee— the «W womin wma a mut accident, god one (bat jfnsHf dttoompowd hie nerves. Ha gave ; sort ol tramps and threw her away from him right in the crown uf a low mimosa tree, where she tack ehreeking like a metropolitan mogtne.. Tne 0U1 bail lifted his t»il, and cappiiiK bis great ears prepared for flight. 1 pot ao my eight-bore, and Mining hastily at the point of hia abooider (for ba was briMd- «U«.o?|; I fired. The report rang out like Chancer, uiakiug a ttioni-aud echoes in the flu'-jes bil e, lsaw him go flown all of a btrap aa-fiuagh be wer» stoi.e dead Tbeu, »la 1 whether it was the kick of the heavy rifle, or ttB excited bump of that idiot Gobo, or ho'.h together, or merely an unhappy coincidence, T Vlo not know, bat the rottnn beam broke, ad'd I went down too, landing flat at tbe foot of/jjpttee npon a c-rtain homble portion of the t.nn.an frame. The shook wae eo t-evere Aqet I 'elt as though all my teeth were flying tbi.ngh the root of my month, bnt aitbongb I «t. eligh ly at tinned lor a few reconds, Jookily forme 1 fell light, and was not iu soy way injured ' Meanwhile the elephant hegan to scream with leur and fury, and, attracted by hia cries, tbe other two came charging np. I felt lur <Dy rifle ; it vu not there, Then I re mem - herert teat I bad rested it on a fork of the "bough in order to fire, and donbtleas there it tem -'ned Mv position now waa very nn- <nlea.,anr. I did not dare to try and olimb tbe treryigaip, which, shaken asil was, would havi been task if some difficult;, becau-e tbe ele phants wonld certainly see me, and Gobo, who b -C- clnng to a boogb, wasetill aloft with the ether rifle. I could not ran because there wee no shelter near- Under these circnm- etapces I did tbe only thing feasible, ctacuhersd round the trank aa eofrly aB poveible, and keeping one eje on tbe ele phaute, whispered to Gobo to bring down the rifle, sud awaited the development of the eitparion. I knew that it the elephant did not me — which, luckily, thev were toe esiiaartl to do— they wouln not smell me, for I w£feup- wind. Gobo.'however, either did not <S;fpreferring tbe safety of the t»< e) wonld not hear me. He Baid the former, bnt I believe " | thk la'ter, for I knew tbat be was not «0T>ngh of tbe eporteman to really enjoy Shooting elephants by moonlight in the open. 8n. 'ile'e I was behind my tree, dismayed, tmsrmed, bnt highly interested, for 1 waa sritncBaing fi remarkable performance. When the other bnlla arrived tbe wonnch d elaribanton tbe ground ceased to scream, bar began to make a Liw moaoiog noise, and esiy touch the wound near hia shoulder, from which the blood was literally spouting. Tbe other two seemed to understand ; at any rate, they did this : Kneeling down on either side, they got their trunks and tusks nnder- tl«a!b him, and, aided by his own efforts, with one great lift got him on his feet, Then egatost bim on either side to support trio, they marched off at a walk in the direction of the village. It was a pitiful eight, and even then it made me feel a brute. "Presently, from a ' walk, as the wounded <lqph«nt gathered himself together a little, they broke into a trot, and after that I could folio? >hem no longer with my eyes, for the eeodofl black olond came up over the moon Bnd put per out, as an eztingnisber pnt outs a dip. leay with my eyes, but my ears etiil gave me a very fair notion ot what was going on. When tb$ olond came up tbe three terrified animals we're heading directly for the kraal, probably because tbe way was open and the path esy. Ii»ncy that theygot confused in thedarkneas, for when tbsy came to the kraal fence thoy did not tnrn aside, but oraahsd straight through t it. Then there were "times," as tbo' irr-h servant-girl auys iu the American book. Having taken the lei.cv they thought that tb.y might as well take the huts also, so tfjev jui-t ran right- over them. One bive hepped hutwas turned straight over on to its winu & arrived on toe FCeilB for. pe ple ho had been sleeping there were bumbling about inside like bet-s distorbed a>. night, hilB two more wete crushed fltt, and A,. third bad all its side torn out. O dly enoijjih, noever, nobody was hurt, though vftsve-Lal people bad a n-rrow escape of bsing Irohflen to deatb. On arrival I found tbe old headman in a Bjate painfully like that favon ed by Gr-ek "Sri', dancing about in front of his ruined afefl-s as vigor UBly as tbougb he had jut fcseu stung by a scorpion. . ;frfd him what ailed him, snd he burBt ®iL.ln . 'J-"'"1 »' buse. He oalled me fciyisard, a Sham, a Fraud, a iSnoger of Bad Luck I I had promised to kill tbe elephaute, I bad eo arranged tbfoge that the ele- pbantt bsd nearly killed him, etc. This, still smarting, i.r rather aching, aB I was from that moBt terrifio bump, was too muob for my feelings, bo I juat made a rush aX my friend, and getting bim by tbe ear, 1 banged bis head against ibe doorway of his own bnt, wbioh was all (here wbb left of it, ."/Yon wicked old scoundrel," I said, ""you dare to complain about your" own trifling incouvenieuoes, when yon gave me a rotten beam to sit on, and thereby delivered OJ6 to tbe fnry of the elephBDt" (bnmpl bbpop 1 bump ! ) " when your wife " (bump 1 ) "baa just been dragged out of ber hut" bump 1 ) " like a snail from its shell, and tbfown by tbe Earth-abaker into a tree" bump 1 bnmpl). u Merer, my father, mercy !' gasped the tl(| fellow. " Truly I have dooe amiss — my heart tells me so." " I should hope it did, you old villain' (bomp I), " Merer, great while man ! 1 thought the log was sunpd. But what Bays the un- equalled chief — is the old woman, toy wife, Uioeed de d ? Ab. if ebe is dead all may yet frovfi to h»ve been for the very best ;nHi.d he t&isped; his hands and looked up piously to tjes-vso, in which the moon was once more etHning brightly. . I let go his ear snd burBt oat laughing, tbe whole scene and his devout sepirarionB for the decease of ths partner of hiB j'.jB, or vp»t-rr wove, wf re so intensely ridicnious. ' hT®, yon old iniquity," I t-nswereo ; "I Cf "8? IU p O? e tliuih'turOS, sowr wttnu .lflre a thousand blueisys. Tbe elephant put her tbere." " Alas I alas !" he said, " surely the back of "the or is shaped to the burden. D- obtless, «ny father, she will c m«- down when she -is I Wired and without troubling hiruBcff furtbir I wbont tbe matter, be began to blow at ibe Gtaonffering embers of the fire. j And, as a master of fact, she did appear a ' fyt n-inntes lsier, ror-sirerably scratched and .Cnrtled, but none tbe worse. I After that 1 made my way to my little Camp, which, fortunately, the elephants had not walked over, snd wrapping u yself np in a.bWber, was soon leet aeli ep. And en ended my first round with those tlw elephants. ; On the morrow I woke np foil of pair-fnl Moo'Iectione. and not without a certain feeling of gratitude to the Fow-rs above "tnjjt I was there to wake np. Yesterday '-mie been a tempestuous day ; indeed, what between buffalo, rhinoceros, and elephant, it fiad been very tempestuous. Having realises this fact, I next bethought me of thore, magnificent tusks, and ioB'antly, early as it Was, broke the tenth commandment. I my reifihbnur's tusks, if an elephant -conld be said to be my neighbonr de jure, »s certaioly, so recently as (be picvir us light, be' bsd beep de facto— a moch closer oeigb- bqnr than I ored for, indeed. N<-w when yon. covet your neighbour's goods, tbe b<»8» tfnng, i' not the most moraltbing, to do is to ester hie house as a strong man armed, and ttyge them. I was not a strong man. bnt tuyfog recovered my eight- bore l was armed, bJQ so was the o<her strong man — the ofcybant with tbe tneks. Cousequen'ly I prepared for a struggle to the deatb. In other words, ' I' eummoued my taitbfnl retainers, fttd told them that I was now going to follow Uipee eiephante over ths edge of tbe world, if Broeeeary. Tbey showed a certain basb- fulpeeB about tbe businets, but they did not @MtSeay me, beosttse tbey dared not. Ever . . sines 1 had prepared with all doe solemnity 'ogivcu'e |be rebellious Gobo tbey bad c&Ceived; a great respect for me. ,Bo I went up to hid adieu to tbe o'd besdoign, whom I found alternately coo- CempUtlng the raina of his kraal, and. with cbAable assistance of his last wife, threshing > «».» fsslous lady who had slept in the mealis Bbe a8 he declared, tbe I OTmto" all hie eorro<Ba ) Lerv in® thflM AM WIAkL &L...; V- I / WW- - ; wurn » w my (orooen '' ,?eren<". 1 levied a supply of vegetable food from tbe kraal in considera- "de,ed- «nd left them with J do not kDo" bow tbey m6Uer' because I have not seen tbem .vVlDOOs ?.benl BUtted ,on lbe- ."P00 el tbe three Vwoll; For a oonpls of miles or eo below, the . / for. indeed, as the belt of swamp . - that hocden the river— the ground ,> £ thie spot rather stony, and clothed with „ MtHsra- bushes. Rain had fallen towards ebq.day break, and this fact, together with the : nature of tbeeoil, made spooring a very ' difficult business. The wounded boll had indeed bled freely, but the rain had washed . tbebfcod off the leaves aod psti, and tbe , grathsfl being eo rough and bard bad not i taken the footmarks so clearly aswaeeon- vspta nt - However, we got along, though dotdfi partly by the epoor, and pBrtly by cuwally imipg. leave and blades of gnea, and finding blood underueaeh - them, fer th-< bhred cashing from a wounded aitimsl ofte - fall- upon their iaaer surfaoes, and then, of course, unless tbe rain w very heavy, it is not' wa-bed away. It took ne eometkicg over an hour and a half to reach the edge of tb marsh, but once there our task became much -aster, for the soft eoil showed plentiful evi dences of the great brute's passage. Thread ing our way through the swampy laud, we came at lant to a ford ot the river, and her- we cool ! see where the poor wounded anima had laid down in the mud and _ water io tb- hope of 6Atiijg him&eif; of bia pain, and cjuld see also how his two faithfal companions hac assisted him to risa again. Wo crossed the ford and took np the spoor on the furtbe- .ide, and foslowed it into tbemareh-iike land beyond. No rain b»d fallen on this side o: tbe river, and tbe blood- marks were conse quently much more frequent. All that day we followed the three bulls, now across open plains, aod now through pa-chea ol bosh. They seemed to have iravell-d on almOBt without stopping, and I no iced that as they went ths wounded bull got up his strength a little. This I could Bee fiom his spoor, which had become firmer, and also from the fact that the other two bsd gi en np supporting bim. At last ev-ning cl"Bed id, and having travel l«d enmn eighteen mil s we camped, thoroughly tir-d out. Before dawn on the following day we were np, and tbe first break of liuht found ns once more on tbe spoor. About h.of- pisr 5 o'clock we reached the place where tbr elnpiiauts baa fsd and slept. The two an wounded bulls had taken their fill, es tbr- condition of tbo neighbouring busheB showed, but the wounded one bad eaten nothing. He bad spent tbe night leaning against a good- sized tree, which hie weight had poshed cot of >be perpendiruUr. Tbey bad not loDg lef- this place, and could not be very far ahead, especially as the wounded bull wr.n now again so stiff aft6r his night's rest that for tbe first few miles the other two had been obliged to support him. But elephsDtB go very quick, even when they seem to be travelling slowly, for shrub and creepers tbat almost Btop a m&d;'s progress are no hindrance to them. The three had now turned to tbe left, and were travelling baok again in a ssmicirculai ' line toward the mountaine, probably with the idea of working round to the<r old feeding grounds on tbe farther side d the river. There was nothing for it but to follow their lead, and accordingly wn followed with industry. Through all that luug hot day dio we tramp, passing quantities of every sort of game, and even corning across the Bpoor o> other elephants. But, in spite of my roeu'e entrea'if-B. I -"oold no turu aside after thees. I would have those mighty tusks or none. fly evening we were quite close to our game, probably witbin a quarter of a mile, but ibe bush was dense, aud we could see nching of tbem, eo once more we had to camp, thoroughly diBgueted with our luck. Taut eight, just after the moon got up, while I aa- sitting Brooking my pipe, with my bt>c'k against a tree, I heard an elephant trumpet, as though eomvtbing bad startled it, not thrnf hundred yards away. I was very tired, but m y curiosity overcame my weariness, eo, witbont eaying a word to any of my men, all of whom were asleep, I took my eight-bare aud a few spare cartridges, and steered towaid tbe sound. The game patb which we bad been following all day ran straight on in the direction from which the elephant bad trumpeted- It wns narrow but well trodden, aod the light struck down npon it in a straight white line. I crept along it cautiously tot 6ome two hundred yards, when it suddenly opened into a most beautiful glade some two hundred yards or more in width, wherein tall gr»BB grew, and flat-topped trees stood singly. With me cuut uu bor&e; of long experience 1 watoised lur < tew mooiencs b-fore I enter -d the gl de, ami- then I saw why tbe elephant hod trumpeted. There in the middle of glade stood a great maned lion. He Btood qui «; aviut maniv|j is QUI » puillllK'lJLiUICO, au waving his 'ail to and fio. Presently the crass aboot f-rty yarns on the hither sidn of him gave a wide ripple, and a lioness sprang out of it like a flash, and bounded noiseless', up to tbe lioo. Reaching him, the great ct>; habed sudd-nly. aod rubbed ber bead against bis vhoulder. Then tbey both began to parr lou fly, so 1 urtly that I believe that in the stillue s one might have beard tbem two hundred yards or more away. After a time, wbile I was still hesitating what to do, either they got a whiff of my wind, or tbey wearied of standing still, and determined to start in Bearch of game. At any rate, aB though moved by — common impulse, tbey suddenly _ bounded away, leap by le»p, and vanished in tbe depths of tbe foreat to tbe left. I waited for a little while longer to e-e if- there were any more yellow Bkina about, aud eeeiug none, came . to tbe con clusion that tbe hone must have frightened tbe elephants away, and tbat I had had my stroll for nothing. Bnt just as I was turning back I thought that I heard a bough break npon the further fide of the glade, and, rash as the aot was, I fal lowed the eonn I crossed tbe glade as Bilen ly as my own shadow. On its further sid« the path went on. Albeit with many fears, went «.n too. Tbe jungle growth was b<> hick here that it almost met overhead, leaving eo small a passage for tbe light tbat 1 c-uld scarcely see to grope my way along. Presently, however, it widened, and then opened into a recond glade slightly smaller tbau tbe first, and tbere, on tbe fmtber side of it,, about eighty yards from me, stood the three enormous elephants. They stood thus : Immediately opposite and facing me w«s the wonnded oue-tuBked hull. He wae leaning his bnlk against, a de&d; thorn tree, the only one in the place, and looked very ,ick indeed. Near him stood the ei-cond bull, as tbougb keeping a watch :<ver bim. Tbe third .elephant was a good deal nearer to n.e add broadside od. Whiff I w e -till Blaring at tbem, this effpbanfe suddenly walked off snd vanished down a path in the bush to tbe right, ' Tbete wne tow two things to be done— either 1 conld go back to tbe camp and ad vance npon tbe elephants at dawn, or 1 cr.uld aU-ck Ihetu tti i-ecs. The fijet was, of ccsr< e, by far tbe wieest and safest course. To en gage one elephant by mo niight and sing'e- bunded is a sufficiently rash proceeding ; to tackle three was little abort of luuacy. But, on the otber hand, I knew tbst tbey wonld be on the march again before daylight, and the'e might oorne another day of weaty trudging before I conld catch tbem up, or they might tacsps me altogether. . £bk. "No," 1 thought to myself, " «int be»r< never won fair tusk. I'll riak it, and have a Biap at them. But bow V I could not ad vance across the open, lor they would see we ; oleaily tbe only tbrng to do waa to creep round in the shadow of the bosh snd try to or me npon tbem so. So I started Seven or eight miuntsa of csrefol Bt biking brought me to_ the month of tbe patb down wbicb the hird elephant bed walked. Tbe otber two were now aboot fifty yards from me, Bnd 'he nature of tbe wall ot bosh wae Buch that 1 conld not see how to get nearer to them with out being discovered, I besi'ated, ann prepefl down the path wbicb tbe eff phant bod followed. About five yards in, it took a turn round a bneh. I thought that I wonld jn have a lo' k behind it, and advanced, expect iug that I eb> uld be able fo catch a sight o' be elephant's tail. Aa it happened, how ever, 1 met bis trunk coming round the C' rner. It is very disconcerting to see an elephant's trunk when you expect to see hi' tail, and for a moment I stood paralysed almost under tbe vast brute'e head, for be was not five yarda from me. He too hal'ed, having eithft ear o ' r winded m», prcbsby he 'a-t-r, and tht-a threw np hia trn-k and trampe-ed preparatory to a charge. I waa in lor it now, for 1 conld not escape either to the right or left, oo account of tbe bush and 1 did not dare turn my beck. So I did tbe only thing tbat I conld do — raised the rifl6 and fired at ths black maeB of hie cheat. It wae too dark for me to pick a shot: I conld only brown it, aa it were. The shot rang ont like thunder on tbe quiet air, and the elephant answered it with a eoream, and then dropped hia trunk and stood for a eecord or two as .till as thongb be had been cnt In etone. I confess tbat I last mv bead : 1 oogbtto bsvefffed my second barrel bnt I did not. Instead of doing eo, I rapidly opened my rifle, pnllrd one tbe "Id cartridge fiom tb right b-rrel aid replac d it bat before 1 csu d map ttie bieecb - to, tiie bull was at me I saw his great truck fly np likii a brown beam, nnd T nn InnoAr Turning, I fled for dear life, and after me thundered the ehpbant. Right into tbe open glade I ran, aod then, thank Heaven, just as ba was coming up witb me tbe bullet took effect on bim. He had been shot righ through tbe heart, or lung, and down he fell with a ctavh, stone dead. Put in escaping 'torn Perils I h»d ran into tbe jaws of Chary bdis, 1 heard the elephant fall, and glanced ronnd. Btralght in front of me, and not fifteen pscea away, wete the other two bolls. They were staring about, and at rhat moment tbey caugbt sight of me. Then they earns, the pair of tbem— came like thunderbolts, and from different angles- I had only time to snap my rifle to, lift it, and fire, almost at haphazard, at tbe beaa of tbe nearest, the nnwoonded bull, "Now, as yon know, in the esse of th> African elephant, whose skull i convex, and not concave like tbat of the Indian, this is lwy i moat risky and very frequently perfectly useless shot. The bullet loses 1 itself in tbe masses of bone, that is ail. , Bat ) there is one little vital place, aod should t;.«: onlis happen to strike there, it wiil follow -he chancel of the nostril— at least I suppose .tiatbs nostrils— aud< reach ths braiu. And bat was what happened in thff os-e— ths ball "truck tbe fatal spot in the region f tne rye end travelled <o the btai.-. Do «n came tne great bull all of a neap, ana rolled on to his eir'e as dead as a stone. I swung ronnd at that instant io face the third, toe mo ate call with one tusk that I had wouu- ea two days before. He was already almost over uie, and in the dim moonlight eermed io tower above me like a hou>e. I liftrd tht rifle and pulled at his neck. It oulii not go ff 1 Then, in a flash, aa it were, I rennm heied tbat it was on the balf-cock. The luck of this barrel was a little weak, and a few days before, in firing at a cow eland, the left barrel bad jarred off at tbe shook of tbe discharge of the right, knocking me back wards witb the recoil ; so after tbat 1 baa kept it. on the balf-oock tili I actually wanted to fire it. I gave one desperate bound to tbe right, and, my lame leg notwithstanding, 1 believe that few men could have maoe a better jump. At any rate, it was none too soon, for bb I jumped I felt |tbe air made by the tre- ojenoous downward stroke of the moueter'e trunk. Then I ran for it. I ran like tbe wind, still keeping bold ut my gnn, however. My idea, eo far as 1 conld .be said to have any fixed idea, was io bolt aownine pataway np wbicb 1 bud come, like a rabbit down a burrow, trusting tbat be would loss sight of me in the uncertain light. I eped across the glade. Fortunately the dull, being wounded, conld not g<> fall speed ; bat wounded or no, he conld go quite as fast -as I oonld. I was unable to gain an ioch, snd away we wer-t, with juBt about 3ft between onr separate extremities. We were at tbe other side now, and a glance served to show me tbat I had miscalculated and over shot toe opening. To ieaob it now was hopelesB ; I should have blundered straight iDto tbe elephant. Ho I did the only thing I conld do ; I swerved like a coursed bare, and Btarted off round tbe edge ot the glade, seek ing for some opening into which I could plucge. This gave me a moment's start, for the bull conld not turn ae quickly as I could, «nd I mode the moBt of it. Bnt no opening cr.uld I see ; the bush was like a wail. We were speeding ronnd the edge of the glade, and the elepbaol was ooming np again. Now be was within abont 6ft., and now, bb he trumpeted or rather screamed, I could feet the fierce hot blast of his breath Btrike npon my head. Heavens ! bow it frightened me I We were tbres parts round the glade now end about fifty yards abead was the single large dead thorn tree against which the bull hau been leaning. I spurted for it ; it was my lsBt chance of safety. But spurt as I would, it seemed hours before I got there Putting ont my right hand, I swung rou d tbe tree, thna bringing mye.lf face to face with the elephant. I bad not time to lift tbe rifle to fire, I had barely time to cock it, an un eideways and backward, when he was on to me. Crash I he csme, striking the tree full with his forehead. It snapped like a carrot about forty inahes from the ground. Fortunately I was clear of the trunk, but one of the branches struck me on the che»t as it went dowu and swept me to tbe gronnd. I fell npon my back, and the elephant blun dered past me es I lay. More by instinot than anything else I li ted tbe rifle with ooe band and pnlied the trigger, It explod-d, and,- as I afterwards discovered, .the bullet struck him in the libs. Bnt the recoil of tbe heavy rifle hold thus -was very Bevsrs ; it bent my Sim up, and sent the butt witb 'hud araicss tbe top of my sbonlder and the side ot tny ueck, for the n-.om-nt quit paralysing, me, and causing the wecpon to jump from my grasp. Meanwhile the bnl! e rushing on He travelled for enme twenty d«c»s. and then suddenly hs stonned Faintly I reflected tbat he wae coming bsck '<> finish me, but even the prospect of immff nvntaud dreadful -leafh could not rouse me into action. I was utterly spent ; I could uoe move. Idly, almost indifferently, I watched his movements. For a moment he stood still, tnen he trumpteded till the welkin rang, and »hen very slowly, and with great, dignity, he knell down At th;B point I swooned away. When I came to myself again I saw from rhe moon tbst I must have been insensible for quits two hours, I was drenched with dnw, and shivering all over At first I could not think where I was, when, on lifting my head, I saw the outline of the one-tusked bull still kneeling some five and twenty y»rd from me. Then I remembered. Slowly I raised myself, and whs immediately token with a violent sickness, tbe result of over exertion, after which I very nearly fainted a aeoond time. Presently I grew better, and considered tbe position. Two of the elepbantB were, as I knew, deed : hut how ahont No. 3 ? Tbere he knelt in majesty in the lonely moonlight The qupb ion wne, wsb he resting or dead ? I got ou my hands and knees, loaded my rifle, aud painfully crept a few paces poorer I could tee hie eye now, for the nu onlight fell fall upon it— -t was open, ana rather prominent I crouched and watched ; tbe eyelid did not move, nor did the great brown body, or tbe trunk, or the ear, or the tail— nothing moved. Then 1 knew that be mnBt be dead. I crept up to bim, Btill keeping the rifle wsll forward, snd gave him a thump, reflect ing as I did so bow very near I had been to heing thumped instead of thumping. He nrver B'irred. he certninly wbb dead. 'hough to ihis day I do not know if it wbb my random shot tbat killed him, or if he died f'om concussion of the brain nouRpquprt nt on tbe tremendous ahock of hi- con««cr witb the tree. Anyhow, there he was. Cold and beautiful he lay, or ra'her knelt, aB tbe poet neatly puts it. Indeed, I 3u not 'bink tha' I hBve ever seen a sight more impreipg in its way than ihar migh'y bratt crouched in majestic death, ?ROrF "T»or» qv rr»0 lORei)' tt)COT\ While I Btord admiring the whole scene, and heartily congratulating myself npon my escape, I once more began to feel sick. Ao- rordir-gly, without waiting to examine the other two bulff, I stRggered heck to the ct.ro p, which in due conrse I reached ip eafety. Everybody in it was asleep. I did not wake them, bnt having ewBllowed a mouthful of brandy I threw off my cost and shoes, rolled myself np in a Market, snd wsb soon fe st aeleep, When I awoke it waa already light, and at fire I thought tbat, like Joseph, I bad dreemed a dream. At tbst moment, how ever, I turned my bead, end qnicfclv knew tt-at >t cm no dream, for my reck and 'ace were so stiff from tbe hlow of tbe butt end of the rifle tbat it wae agony to move them, j collapsed for a minute or two. Gobo and another man, -wrapped np like a couple of mocks in their blankets, thinking that I wns still sales were crouched over a little fire they had made, for the morning was r'amp snd chilly, and holding sweet cm verse. Gobo said that be waa getting tired of running a' fer elephants wbicb tbey never c.nebt. Macnmezabn (that is, myself) was without doubt s man of parte, and of some skill in shooting, bnt also he was a fool. None but e fool wonld run so fast and far after elephants which it was impossible to ca'cb, wbeD they kept eating the spoor of freeb ones. He certainly wae a fool, bnt be meet not be allowed to continue in his folly ; and he, Gobo, bad determined to pnt a stop o it. Be hould refuse to accrmpacy him any farther on eo mad a bunt. "Ye»." the other answered, "the poor man certainty wae sick in bia bead, and it was unite rime that tbey cheeked bia folly whil- they till had a patch of skin left unon their ffat. Moreover, he for hie part c-rtai> ly -fld not like this country of Wambe'e. which reafly was full of gfaorts. Only the last night he had heard the spooks at work— they wrra on- shooting, at least it sounded as though thei were. It wa« very queer; but perhaps their lunatic of a master — " "Gobo. you econurirei !M I ehnn'ed but this junotnre, sitting bolt upright on th' hlsnlre's. " stop idling tbere and make m< meooffp |g Uo sprung Gobo and bia friend, and in half a moment were reepeotfally skipping ahont .in a manner tbat contrasted we 1 with a lordly contempt of their previous nnhvata&ttAn; "Rnfc sail fhat aanno fhaw aaaaa in earnest in what tpey said about hunting the elephants any farther, for before I bed finished my coffee 'hey came to me in a body, and said that if I wanted to follow 'those elephants ' must follow tbem by myself, for 'hey would not g I argued witb them, snd affeeted to be much pnt ont The elephants were dose at hard, 1 eitirt, I was sure of it; Ibsdhesrd tbem trumpet in the night. "Yea," answered -the'. men mysteriously, " they, too, bad heard things in the night — thing not nice to .hear ; they had beard the pooka cnt shooting, and no longer would they remain in a country so vil- ly haunted "It was ponreoee," I replied. "If ghosts went cnt shooting, rarely tbey wonld nee air-guns and not black powder, and one wonld not hear en air gnu Well, !" 'bey were eewards, and would not corns, of conrse I could aot force tbem to, bot'I would make a bargain with tbem. They should follow those elephants for one half- boor more, then if we failed to oorne npon tbem I wonld abandon the pursuit, and we would go straight to Warn be, chief of tbe Mutakn, and give htm hongo." To this compromise the men readily agreed. Accordiogly about half an hoar later we struck our camp an<t started, and nnthwith- standing my ache and braises, I do not think rh»t I - ver fe t in better spirits io my life. It is Bometbing to wake np ra tbe morning and remember tbat in the dead of night one baa, single-handed, g veo battle to and overthrown hree of the largest elephants in Africa, slaying hem with three bullet. Such a f-at had oover to my knowledge bten done before, and on that pariicn'at morning I felt a very " tall man of my haodB indeei. The only thing tbat I feared was that should I ever come io ell the Btory nobody, would .believe it, for when a etrangn tale is told by a hunter peopl e are apt to think it ie necessarily a lie, instead of being only probably ee. _ 1S& M:ie Wsll, we passed on till, having crossed tbe first glade where I bad seen the lione, we reached the neck of bnah that separated i fmm the secood glade, where the dead effpbanta were. Aod here I began to take elaborate precautions, amongst others order ing Gobo to keep some yards abead and look ont sharp, as 1 thought that tbe elephants might be about. H« obeyed my instructions wi'h a - superior Bmile, and pushed shead. Presently I saw bim pull up as thongb he bad been shot, and begin tc faintly Bnap his fingers. wiintiaiti l wbisperea. " Tor elephant, the great elephant with out- tusk kneeling down-'":; H!r"S I crept np beside bim. There knelt the bnll ns I bad left him laBt night, and tbere too lay tbe other balls, "Do these elephants Bleep?" I whispered to tbe BB'Dnifhed Gobo. " Yen, Mncnmazabn, tbey sleep." " Nay, Gobo, tbry are dead " "Dead? How can tb# be dead? Who killed them?" " What do people cell mo, Gobo ? " " They call yon Mscnmazahn " " And what does Macuroczabn mean ?" " It means the mnn who keep, bis eyes open, the man who gets np in the ciubc." "Ye, and I am that man. Look, yon idle, lazy cowards ; whits yon slept last night I rose, and alone I hunted those great elephants, and elew them by the moonlight. To esch of them I gave one buffet and on<y one, and it fell dead. Look." and I advanced iDto tbe glade, " here is mv spoor, and here is the epoor of tbe great bnll charging sfte me, and there is the tree that I took refuge behind ; ssp, the elephant shattered it in hff cbarge. Ob, yon cowards, you who would give up tbe cbaae while the blood spoor steamed beneath your nostrils, see what 1 did singlebanried while yuu slept, and be ashamed." " 0<i !" said tbe men, "ou 1 Koob I Koos y uracocl !" (Ohief, great Chief!) And tboo 'hey held their tongues, ft' d going up to tbe bree dead beasts, gazed npon tbem in silence. Rue after that those men looked npon m" with awe aa being almost more than mortal No mere man, they said, oonld have slain tboe three elephants alone in the night-time I never hod any further trouble with them. I believe tbat if I had told them to jnrnp ove; a precipice and that they wonld take n> harm, they would have believed mo. Well, I went up and examined tbe bolls Such tuefeB as tbey had I never raw and neve; h'fll see agsin. It took us all day to cm 'hem out; aud when thry reached Delngos Bay, as. they did ultimately though not in my k-eping, the single tusk of the big bull scaler! one hundred and sixty pounds, and the fou' other tusks averaged n'DBty-nine and a half pound — a most wonderful, indeed an almo->' unprecedented, lot of ivory. -Unfortunately I w»s forced to saw the big task in two, other wise we conld not have carried it. 