POLICE COURTS. WALLAROO, Saturday, July 28. (Before T. J. S. O'-Halloran, Esq., S.M.) Josiah Thomas was brought up in custody charged with stealing 6 packets of cigarettes, valued at 3s. and 2lbs of lollies valued at 3s, the property of Ellen Osborn. Remanded till Monday. On Monday, July 30, prisoner was again brought up before Mr O'Halloran. S.M., when the following evidence was taken. Ellen Osborn, fruiterer, Wallaroo Am wife of William Osborn, and keep a greengrocer's shop, Know the prisoner. On Tuesday, 24th inst., missed some lollies and cigarettes. They were like those now produced. Value the articles at 6s. Last saw them in the shop on the night of the 23rd inst. Saw prisoner about 11 o'clock at the shop window. Gave.no one any permission to take the things. Saw prisoner next day at 9 a.m He said, "Now Hopkins has "split" on me I will split on him." The shop win dow had been broken. Frederick Hopkins, son of John Hop kins-Know prisoner. Saw him last Tuesday about 9 a.m. He gave me three cigarettes and some jujubes. He said he bought them at Parsons. Smoked the cigarettes, and after that prisoner said I got them out of Osborn's on Monday night. Alexander Telfer stated that be found some lollies and cigarettes in Mr Heath's hay shed. He did not know who put them there. Prisoner who had been in custody 48 hoars was ordered to be whipped by his father. THE Nouvelle Revue of Wednesday published a statement which has excited great interest in Europe. It professes to be the secret report to the late Empeior of Germany, in which Prince Bismarck gave his reasons against any alliance between a daughter of ttife Prussian Royal. Housb<>and*£rinoe Alex ander of Battenberg. In this document whose onthentiiiity. has ndtyet been, denied, the Prince StiundB Ilia opposition on Russian feeling, and *dweiis most strongly on the im policy ofpffending the Czat, Would it not be better for the Kadina District Council to frame it's own by- laws? Why should councillors who desire to wander from Data to Bersheba, and back again, be compelled to keep within the prescribed limits of ordinary debate. THE preparations made by the Britith to crash the rebellion in Zululand has had the effect of inducing Somkeli one of the leaders, fo submit unconditionally and to surrender to justice those members of his tribe who have been proved guilty of looting and murder. Major McKean, in charge of a column of the 6th Inniskilling Dragoons, is marching on the present head- quarters of the rebels. A joviil evening. A GHOST at Sharp's well. COFFEE stock has slightly diminished. Mr. PAGE succeeds Mr. Herbert at Moonta. EABiNA footpaths ratbergM^f At present. A FEW loads of akimpingqfef rubble would be of immense advantage in ITadina^just now. MOONTA bag been famous for military lawyers, sad the line is stiQunbroken. Mr PAGE'S friends at Kadina^veimniiB takeablerjproof of their esteem last night.. LOOHIKL was to the manner bojpij could not kave*been better had 'he^been taken from a Highland glen, sporran and all. THE Re?. J. M. Donaldson has ran a muck. ._ " "MABITIME labor difficulty in Sydney still serious. CANADA has a surplus of 16,000,000 bushels of wheat... . . .. - DRY weather in the Northern Territory and feed scarce.. THE people of Ardroesan hare had a storm in a teapot. RICH gold discoveries in the north-west of Western Australia. BBISBANE is arranging a rowing carnival for December next. Mr. REID'S is a good suggestion for read justment of districts. Mr MABTUT is not willing to see Sadisa without a resident lawyer. MtLiiAB has not forgot bis^ cunning in con structing a Highland costume. THBEE young men have been suffocated in Melbourne by a gas explosion. " I 36,000 paid 2s 6d each to get the first peep I inside the Melbourne Exhibition. THE Wallaroo Board of Advice had another " mother's meeting " on Thursday. I Mr MITCHELL'S relations, with Mr Page have been of a most cordial character. SOME Councillors mast think that the world is thirsting for Che information which they ean afford. ONE of the artillery men engaged in firing a salute in Melbourne on Wednesday had his arm blown off, OVEB 1,000 paid a guinea aaoh for pro minent seats at the opening ceremony of the Melbourne ^Exhibition. A vote equal to £40,000 has been passed by the Corporation of Paris for the lighting of that city by electricity. THE duties of public vaccinator at Bute are of a most onerous* description considering the present condition of the Toads. THE Kadina Literary Society held its meet ing last night, when the President enlightened the members on the customs of the aborignals. THE weather has oaused the Australians to make another draw against Surrey. Only two of Australians and five of Surrey reaohed double figures. THE sooial in the Congregational school room was a great success. Some of the crookery,, however, * escaped narrowly» from « one of the heavy weights. Air Ecclesiastical tribunal may be a very proper institution, but it seems to ignore the principles of fair play which characterise the majority of British Courts. THE injunction to prevent tyf Bank of South'Australia from~gi?M£ting "£7,500 to the family of the late Mr E. S. Parkes, who was killed in the Windsor railway accident has been set aside. A FACETIOUS ratepayer who read the report of the Sanitary Inspector on the. Half-way stables, .-regrets that- 4he- "inspector does1 'Hot screw on his "District Council nose" when hunting up the 3£adina stinks. NONE bnt those who have tried it are aware of the trouble connected with constructing a kilt. The one made in Kadina is said to have taxed the whole of Millar's establishment from the cow yard to the front shop. BEN says Cr Cowley could haye driven the Counoil to a dangerous hole. No doubt he could, bnt Cr Cowley had the good sense not to insist upon it. Cr Crosby should take lessons in modesty from bis colleague. A CORRESPONDENT wants to know what ay " sporran" is. As far aB the Crumbman knows, it is an important part of a Highland dress, but there is no limit to the variety ot material that may be utilised in its construc tion. AN amendment, which would have the effect of limiting the scope of the proposed judcial enquiry fr> the examination of the alleged complicity of the Parnelliies with murder and yiolenco was rejected by a major ity of 52. JONES, the well-lmown Australian cricketer, who was attacked with a severe illness some time since, has now recovered, and is coming up to London. It is expected that he will be able very soon to again play with the Austra lian eleven. A feat of a daring character has just been accomplished by a gymnast at the Alexandra Palace. The performer ascended in a balloon to a great height, and then, attaching a para* chute to his body, dropped. He reached the earth in safety. - "T - - = ; A shocking tragedy has occurred in Paris, and is-the more'temarkabie on account of th<» youth of the criminal and his victim. The former, a boy only eight years old, killed his brother, who was only six, and afterwards. committed suicide, /- ' NEWS has* been receiyed froin. .Zanzibar announcing that messengers from Emin Pasha have arrived there. They report the position of Emin Pasha to have been most perilous ;in April? last-when they 'were.' ;dispatched owing to the adyanee of the Mahdi. These ! messengers eluded observation, and escaped along the left bank of the Nile. 