THE WEEK. With this number wo publish a special holi day supplemeut, in which, in addition to ori ginal and selected talcs and other matter, is given a graphic aud humorous articlo from tho pen of our contributor The Vagabond, illus- trated with numerous sketches from the peucil of our artist. The article deals with the man ner in which an Easter holiday is spent in Gippslaud, and depicts ia an amusing manner some of the freaks and autics of Cockney sports men. Mr. Bent is an honorable man. So are all politicians, nil nro houorablo men. And yet we do not need to go bej'ond the history of Victoria to discover that politicians have sometimes douo vervcuiious things, to which, judged by any other system of morality than their own, very harsh terms might be applied. It is passible that iu that peculiar transaction known to fame as tho Kensington Hill job, everything was fair and above board. Mr. Bent protests so, " honest Tom Bent," and will not his word be taken beyond the limits of tho Brighton elec torate ? Nevertheless there arc some stubborn facts which the public find it hard to swallow without a spicco of explanation, which has not yet been forthcoming. The Age has been at tho pains to recall tho circumstances of tho affair with a sequel which throws a very remarkable light on the matter. Mr. Bent was Minister of Railways in 1882 when Mr. Peter Yco, on behalf of Mr. J. R. Mnrphy, offered to tho department ibo 160 acres of land known as Kensington Hill at £30 — — a lamp nm' of £52,000. Mr. W. H. Greene, now ; Hiilway Commissioner, then an officer in the " department, recommended the purchase, hut ' the Government would . not consent to do moro than buy the soil. An arrangement was mado whereby the Government agreed to pay £20,000 for the right to merely remove the soil. - A syn- : dicato then appears on the scene, including among its members Messrs. J. Strnkcr and J. , S. Vickery, the latter an old friend of Mr. ! Bent, The syndicate secured the laud for £48,000, and obtaining from tho Government £20,000 for what practically amounted to an ' Improvement of their land, they secured their freehold at a net cost of £28,000. Up to tho ' present it might be said that the question was : one or simply had business management, and this was the light in which tho supporters or Mr. Bent were fain to represeut it. But coming down' to a later date wo find a very curious fact. In 1885 Mr. Bent appears as an owner of a por tion of this land, Messrs. Straker and Vickery . having transferred to him three blocks, amount ing in all to a lout 74 acres. A year ago Mr. Bent offered to sell to the Bailway department 16 acres for £25,000. Mr. Speight recom mended the purchase as advisable from a depart mental point of view, hut Mr. Gillies, probably ' from a political standpoint, declined to sanciion : it. In 1882 Mr. Bent, as political head of the Bailway department, refuses, against the advice of his officers, to give £52,000 for 160 acres of land, but agrees to spcud £20,000 of the State's money in what amouuts to an improvement of the land. In 1886 Mr. Bent appears as part owner of this land, and offers 16 acres to the department at £25,000. No doubt, as we have .said, Mr. Bent is an honorable man, and yet these are a set of circumstances over which the public will do well to ponder. Mr. Deakin has been continuing bis irriga tion tour through the country districts, and his visit to the north-west has been chiefly devoted to the one object. The enthusiasm which he throws into this purpose has a valuable educa tional influence, for tho facts he has collectod and combined in his lectures servo as an encouragement and an inducement to the .farmers to try tho experiment. It will not be long before in Victoria we shall be able to supply our own illustrations of the benofit : derivable from water conservation and from intense cnltnre. Something has already been accomplished in this way, and every year will see greater strides made. Tho visit to tho works being carried out by the Wimmera Trust enabled the Minister to appreciate the extent of the undertakings now being conducted. The reservoir in the Moora Moorn Valley is one oi the largest of the irrigation scheme yet devised, for when carried to completion it will provide for conserving 6,000,000,000 cubic feet of water, A bank is to be thrown across the valley from the Grampians to the Victoria range, and this will impound the waters over a . very extensive drainage area, Tho length of ; the bank will be 8200 feet, its height 40 feet, and the cost is estimated at between £80,000 and £90,000. This scheme will enable n large expanse of arid country to be supplied with the life-giving fluid, and will serve to counter- balance the deviation of rainfall. Tho average rainfall on the Grampians is 36 inches in the year, whilst on the dry plains below not one half the amount cau be depended upou. What is being done in the Wimmera district can also be attempted in other portions of the , colony where the need of water is equally pressing. The irrigation schemes,, conceived with prudence and with a due regard to the nature of the country to be supplied, will aid immensely iu the development of our agri cultural resources. The absorption of the telephone service has enlarged greatly tho responsibilities of tho Postmaster-General. The policy of tho purchase has been endorsed, and the results during the six months in which the change has been in operation justify tho action taken. We are fur from saying that perfection has been attained, or that the complaints of subscribers, vainly striving to put themselves into communication with each other, no longer occur. The tele phone is still a wonderful and mysterious instrument, whose vagaries cannot he reckoned ' on with any degree of certainty. Yet the Slate direction has produced a marked advance on private management. Facilities have been largely extended, the class of instruments in use has been improved, and the rate of the sub scription has been reduced from £16 to £12 year. These are tangible advantages, and have led, as was to be expected, to an increase of subscribers. Telephoning in Melbourne, however, is yet in its infancy, and the Postul department has much to do before it cau claim to have fairly fulfilled ils promises of giving a satisfactory service. 'The depart ment, indeed, could uot, under present circum stances, cope with any extensive enlargement of . its subscribers' list, and the connection of tho suburbs and country districts is necessarily postponed, bccauso of the insufficient snppiy of competent workmen. There nro many techni cal difficulties also to bo overcome, which explain why tho anticipations of tho public cannot at once be realised. One important point needing careful dealing is tho carriage of the wires. The multiplication of overhead wires is undoubtedly a source of danger and annoyance, but tho change of system is not "entirely easy. In soveral of the American cities the authorities havo insisted on the .wires being carried underground, but it is said that the change interferes unjurioasly with the volumo of sound. The chances of breakage are less, but the difficulties of ropair greater. In Melbourne an underground system would involve an expense' which might cause flnancia economists to stare; but it is by no means cer- taiu that tho expenditure would not in tho long run ho advisable. In tho meantime experi ments are being conducted with the view of ascertaining the best method, and at tho same time the example of other countries is carefully watched. Mucli has yet to bo learnt in the development of tho advantages of the telephone. The University Council, after long delibera tion, have been enabled to rid themselves finally of the troublesome inquiry into the pre mature disclosure of examination results. Their conclusion is neither very definite nor very satisfactory. They cannot deuy that some students were more fortunate than others in ob taining an early knowledge of their fate, and to this extent, therefore, Mr. S. P. Thompson had some foundations for his suspicions. But it is now declared, much to the astonishment of the governing body of the University, that no obligation of secresy whatever has been recog nised. Examiners have been willing to tell students whether they passed in particular sub jects or not, and the registrar has only been restrained from a similar openness by a characteristically careful regard for his own convenience. If one set of stndeuts has bene fited more than another from this condition of affairs, it has been due to superior cuteness and not, we are assured, to any considerations of favoritism. This view of the matter allows the council to clear everybody from blame. Mr. Thompson was right in his facts but wrong in his inferences. Inasmuch as no obligation of secresy existed, the examiners and officers were not blameable for disclosing, neither were students nor their instructors for seeking to ascertain the results of the examina- tion. If more was known in the halls of Ormond than in the cloisters of Trinity, it was simply because there was a keener inquisitive- ness displayed on the one side than on the other. Seeing the council willing to accept this reasonable explanation of events, Mr. MacFar- land, the master of Ormond, has consented to abandon his Sphinx-like attitude, and has opened his lips. He repudiates with scorn and contempt the insinuation that he has misused his position as a member of the council to ob tain unfair advantages for his own pupils. This assurance may be accepted, but it does not get rid of the fact that the dual position is an anomalous one, giving even to innocent actions a curious coloring. The nature of the super vision exercised by the council over the in stitution whose affairs they are supposed to control, is shown by the naive confessions of ignorance which this inquiry has elicited. Under a wrong impression of the prevailing rule, the members were at the outset inclined to regard Mr. Thompson's statements as of im portance, but now having been set right, they agree that even if true no one has done any thing wrong. The position is concisely put by Mr. Justice Holroyd. The rules are simply for the convenience of officers, who consider themselves at liberty to violate them whenever they please. The St. Hilda-road has for many years been a slock subject in the Melbourne City Council, hut owing to various difficulties in tho way, very little result has been shown for all the consideration given to the matter. The delays, and the unpleasant criticisms on their capacity which these delays have evoked, have driven the members of the council at last into a resolve to act without further waiting. The principal obstacle hitherto has lain with South Melbourne. The St. ICilda-road is a boundary road, and, whilst the city has always been willing to bear its full share of the expenditure required to place the road in proper condition, the snburban munici pality has objected, on the ground that it cannot find the money needed in justice to other por tions of its district iu which ratepayers are more largely couccrncd. Tho city was willing to lend South Melbourne tho money ; hut it has since been ascertained that there are legal objections which prevent this course. Under these circumstauccs, the only alleviation to further delay was the assumption of direct responsibility. Tho City Council therefore resolved at their meeting on Monday to proceed at once with the permanent formation of that portion of the St. Hilda-road situated within tho city boundary, without waiting longer on the necessities of South Mel bourne. Of course, this plan is open to the palpable criticism that tho traffic will concen trate itself on tho made portion of tho road, aud that South Melbourne will escape the respon sibility attaching to it. The condition of this approach to the city is, however, so disgraceful that even at this risk something ought to be dono. Tho Tramway Trust, iu iayiug the St. Hilda tramway, will pave 17 fcetof theroadway, and tho City Council will undertako the main tenance of their half. If South Melbourne con tinues to neglect its duty, that municipality will bo liable for damages for any accident occurring on its half of the road through this nogligenco. Perhaps the examplo may stimu late tho South Melbourne council to action. There are powers of compulsion given by law, but they are cumbrous iu enforcement. What is needed is some readier and more effective method of securing the performance of a legiti mate responsibility. Tho local option polls have been proceeding with varying fortunes. Against tbo victories of the temperance party won at Port Mel bourne, Williamstown, Bochester and Ballarat East must be pot reverses at Warrnambool, Kynoton and Maryborough. At those places the licensed victuallers were triumphant in pre venting any reduction.in tho number of liceuscd houses. The result of tho poll at Gcclong was determined by tho small number of voters who wavered between tho two extremes. In the North Geelong division, to which the contest was limited, thero are 56 hotels, and tho statu tory number is 18. The temperance vote went straight for the lowest limit, and the publicans and their friends sought to retain tho whole number. Although 537 votes wore recorded on the ono side and 551 on tho other, the issue was really decide! by the 26 intermediate votes. According to the provisions of the act, a clear majority of the votes recorded must be given for the number to bo retained. Although 551 votes were given for the retention of the 56 hotels, this number did net constitute a majority of the whole poll, aud so it became tho duty of tho returning officer to count down until a majority was reached. This was at 38 hotels, for which ono man only voted, so that this single individual may flatter himself with the idea that tho outcome of the poll was simply to record his particular will. Although this method may appear intricato and involved when compared with the simplicity of a straight vote, the plan is not without its ad vantages, asitgivestothe moderates — thosewho would avoid the falsehoodof extremes— achancc of oxercisiug their power. Iu this instance a sensible reduction in tho number of hotels is secured, even though the whole object aimed at has not been realised. The temperance party have no reason to be discouraged at tho results of the campaign so far, for their victories mean a substantial gain, whilst their defeats do not make matters any worse than before. The enormous rise in the value of city pro perty is not an unmixed good, hand in Collins, Elizabeth and Buurkc streets has risen during tho past two years from 50 to 100 per cent, in value. To the owner this unearned increment is a thiug torcjoiceover,but tho tenant who is brought face to face with an increased rent aud an enlargement of the basis of taxation finds himself is quite a different position. He is ex pected to adapt himself at once to the higher ratio, and it is not in every case that tho nature of his business will allow him to do so. Tho consequence is that retailers are being driven into qnietcr streets and into the suburbs where tbo rent and tax demands will bo on a lighter scale. Tho movomeut is already noticeable, and will increase as leases fall in in the city and new buildings replace the old ones. It is pointed out that city property has risen in value not because tho business carried on is more profitable, but because money is cheaper and the rent at a smaller percentage repre sents a larger amouut. At the same time it is certain that those who are paying tho higher amounts for city property will attempt to secure an increase on the old rental. Tho especial causo for dissatisfaction, however, is in the increased valuations upon which the municipal taxes are levied. It is asserted that tho assessments all over the city have been increased on an average about 33 per cent. The tenants who in the majority of instances havo to pav tho taxes have not benefited bv the rise in property, and they grumble at being called upon to pay at a bigber rate in conse quence of a cauBO from which they have received no good. At the present time there is a town rato of Is. in the pound, a lighting rate of 4d. in the pound, and a water rate, which goes to tho Water Supply department, of 8d. in the pound, making the city rates equivalent to 2s. inthepoundinall. The taxpayers argue that if the revenue on this basis has been found sufficient for requirements, an increase of assessment ought to bo accompanied by a reduction of rating. They complain particu larly of being called upon to pay more for water of which they use scarcely any at all. Citizens aggrieved have the right of appealing against the assessment, hut in this case the objection is taken to the principle upon which tiie increase is made, Tho Govornmout Statist has issued his report on the vital .statistics of Melbourne aud suburbs for the past year, which brings tbo information down somewhat later than is given in the Victorian Year Book. The total population for tho metropolis is returned at 391,546, an increase on the estimate for the previous year of about 20,000 persons. The birth rate, 37.24 to every 1000 of the popula tion, is tho highest for 17 years past. In 1886 the return was 34. 82, and Melbourne compared unfavorably in this rcspoct with all tho other capitals of the Australian colouies except Ade laide. Brisbane shows highest on the list with Sydney next. The explanation offered by Mr. Ilnyter of the lower birth rate is that it is due to a deficiency in the community of married women at the fruilful period of life. In Victoria tho lowest point was reached in 1882, and since that time the rate has been steadily rising. Tho dealh rate iu Melbourne is relumed at 21.26 for ercry 1000 of tbo population. A significant indication of iho need or greater sanitary attention appears iu the fact that tbo death rate in Melbourne is increasing instead of diminishing. It js higher, this year than last year aud then with three exceptions it was beyoud tho record of 16 years previous. Adelaide gives the lowest death rate and Hobart the highest, though in the latter instance the /Joiart Mercury is at tho pains to explain that tho high rate is due to the number of aged people who live in aud about tho city, and whose deaths from old age swoll the ominous total. Melbourne and Sydney am very much on an equality. The colonial capitals, even at their worst, show to advantage compared with tho majority of British towns. London is counted one of the healthiest cities in the world, but its rate is higher than Mel bourne. Judged on tho basis of the dealh rato, Sun Francisco lakes the palm for sanitary con- dilions'witb 18-1, whilst Vera Cruz is at the other end of tho scalo with a rate of 70-5. There is no doubt, however, that with a proper attention to droinngo Mclbonrno might attain a much higher rank among healthy cities, Ty phoid and other prcveutiblo diseases, due chiefly to the neglect of sanitary precautions, ravage tho population, whereas, with proper care tho deaths from these causes might be greatly reduced. . .. The larrikin disturbance at Yarraviilo on Saturday was a. class of offence which needs repression with vigor. This suburb has .earned rather an evil reputation for disorder iu this respect, and it will become essential toconvinco the unruly spirits of tho locality that the law cannot he defied with absolute impunity. Upon this occasion the mob set tho police at defiance, attempted to rescue prisoners from their haiids, nud failing in this effort attacked the police station with stones, and kept the two constables who constitule the available protect ing force of the locality in durance uutil aid could bo obtaiucd from Footscray nnd Newport. Without attaching an exaggerated importance to the incident, it !s plain that such a state of things ought not to he permitted. The peace able inhabitants of the locality have a just cause of complaint. They pay their rates and taxes just as citizens do in moro quiot quarters of the city, and are entitled to protection and quietude. It may be that tho young men of Yarraviilo are more boisterous '.and obstreperous than the average of their class, but if this be so tho police authorities ought to make some extra provisiou. The real point seems to be that the weakness of the police invites disorder amongst those inclined that way. Two constables at the sta tion canuot maintain the peace of a district where thero is anything like a determiuod attempt at disturbance, The remedy lies in increasing the force, aud in convincing those riotously disposed, by the hard logic of facts, that the lasv is tho stronger. Ttie duty of the magis trates before whom such cases are brought is also to act with more severity than has been the custom. A mere ebullition of spirit may bo passed over lightly, but if the warning be not taken the offence becomes one of a serious character. In this instance the sentonce of six months' imprisonment passed on one prisoner may serve to show that flouting the law is a dangerous and expensive amusement. Tho history of the Jackson's Beef gold mine at Kimberley, Western Australia, affords an illustration of the glorious uncertainties at tendant on mining speculation. A company was formed in Melbourne about n year ago for the purpose of working the lino of reef in this distant district, to which recent gold discoveries had drawn attention. Tho purchase was com pleted on the strength of favorable reports from three mining experts, machinery was des patched and tho shares ran rapidly upwards in a rising market. Suddenly, when hopes were at the brightest, and shareholders were indulging in Alnaschar like visions of prosperity, camo a telegram from the mining manager which, like a cruel ghost, nipped all those hopes in the hud, Mr, Hartrick condemned the mine as utterly valueless. Down tumbled the shares from 25s. to Is., nnd many shareholders, anxious to got quit of any liability, parted with their scrip for a few penco. It seemed as if the Jackson's Iteef Company were well nigh defunct. Not long after, however, a moro favorable telegram was received from Mr, Hartrick ; and from Mr. Carr-Boyd, and other persons who were visiting the mine, still moro glowing tidings were obtaiuod. This week Ihc shareholders havo mot together to hoar what Mr. Carr-Boyd and his companions, now returned to Melbourne, have to say. And undoubtedly their say is a remarkable one. Mr. Carr-Boyd aftirms that the reef is as rich as ever, and, in support of his statement, pro duced some speciineus which, having beeu retnsed.by Hartrick, lio frankly admits he took away without his knowledge. Mr. Ernest Giles nnd others of his companions corroborated tho statement as to the richness of tho roef, nnd dcclaro their belief that the property will pay well for development. Their statements' certainly place the conduct of Hartrick in a peculiar light ; but, in his absence, judgment will be suspended, Iu the meantime, the shares have agaiu rison in the market and the hopes of shareholders also. Under tho presidency of Mr. J. L. Purvcs, the Australian Nativos' Association intends to make a renewed effort to bring New South Wales withiu the radius of its operations. The association, which numbers over 6000 mombori, is firmly established in Victoria and Queensland, and is represented fairly in tho other colonies, with the exception of New South Wales, where the only branch is in the small border township of Corowa. Some two years ago a similar effort was made,' whicli from various reasons did not succeed, but on this occasion it is bo- lieved tbut the prospects of success will bo moro hopeful. There is no desire on the part of the parent association to assume any controlling power. The natives of Now South Walos will he invited to establish an association on a similar basis, but they will bo free to determine its course cntiroly in accordance with their own wislios. The delegates who will attend the public meeting to bo held in the Sydney Town Hall on Saturday evening will explain the lines upon which the present association proceeeds, and will ask their brethren in the mother colony to join heart and soul in the watch ward, Advance wTr so pntriotic a sentiment it", T> anticipated that a refusal will ).„ ' '< programme of the Australian h'uUr"'"i h tion aims at tho encouragement f i'? aspirations, and if it bo open to the r, -:'J of a vagueness in direction, it J i 3 denied that tho spirit of nationality inculcates is valuable nnd desirable n vidua! questions difference of apinion to arise, but all may unite in the cflor Wl£j a nntioiinl Australian sentiment. \„Vs been made in some quarters to „ together two different issues— thos- Iralinn unity aud of Imperial federatC if arc distinct and separate. The one is, »-.7 of tho .immediate presoat; tho other dream, which may never be capahl->'nf tion. The Australian Natives' Associ.? rather, the Melbourne branch, bare"v-'5 themselves into bad odor with the Cr press for exhibiting a disiuelmattoiH.? with fervor tho latter principle, whilu'c--1 ously enough thoy are denounced by j journal on precisely opposito grounds. p' contradictory criticisms arise from mii; ;? tion. The native Australian policy is conj in the desire to encourage national unit/i, obliterate provincialism, aud to raainifa,.' local liberties. Tho Australian colonic., aij in the conditions of race, seutimsat u! material progress, must unite in Gibj develop a national power ; but it B another matter to abandon that controls! fta own affairs which they now CDjoy, The Juvanile Industrial Exhibition ia i» bourne, opened by the Governor onlVii ,, is an undertaking which deserves to n-rf Several years have elapsed since tt j Juvenile Exhibition, and there has grcsnd new generation of competitors. Thedjui'j the enterprise is to encourage among it;,-, of the community industrial invent® c| skilful aptitude. The class and cbsKtl»i tho exhibits affords proof Hint the ability ij_ direction is not wanting. Tho dispisy'in l is an attractive one, and the utility <1 ii exhibition will bo increased t; Si series of practical competitions alii j committee intend to inaugurate dsr>>i course, Some fear has been oxpresssltli Juvenile Exhibition preceding the lsiga u to be hold four months hence will alula with Iho success of the latter. There is, b ever, no ground for this dread. Tie !r takings arc upon an entirely different in;' l the effect of tho prior show will be to ii a rather than diminish the iuterest in the 1 1 follow. The prospects of the Centencidfir- bition are very promising, and tales ro occur, such as a great European wir, ill no foresight can avert, its success stems ti h assured. At the same time it is not lt:. r that the cost to the country will my I ' exceed the estimates originally futnisLel iii management believe in a liberal eipotxi when the State defrays t he cost, ml ra people are already beginning ieqalnih sizo of the bill which tho Esecnlin z mitteo are building up. Consolsta ' perhaps' be found iu the assurance tt»a undertaking will surpass iu magnitnhaz previous efforts of the kind, aud thd fe bourne Centennial Exhibition of IB'- take a leading place even among siir ar-S prises conducted iu the old «< f- nrea covered by tlie structures require-1 is -1 exhibits is about 23 acres— nearly do:& - amount needed for the 1880 Esbibl'- is larger than thcLondou Exhibition the first in the field where the esut» since found so numerous followers— anl'-T' also than the succeeding Exhibition eN?- Paris, Philadelphia ami Vienna hsiei us in size, but Iho magnitude oi fe z- taking is really marvellous for " 7' community. Tho indirect results cf i - hibition, which on the former oKim' j- of real benefit, will, it is certain, 1 the present instance. The scenes of disorder iu the ; Wales Legislative Assembly nenv to a climax by the etcDl woek, wherein ouo member, i out provocation, seized aao. .u throat, dragged him across the throwing him down with force upoo literally foil upon him. Of war.-: i- , rencc of this kiud is entirely though it be hut the natural ; unrestrained licence of the toajui ' » . been permitted lo proceed imcic- sical forco is to be resorte ment, the Legislative UiaitiJi' > . last place in which the lesson s on Sir Henry Partes foresees Hut sn;j lead to membors coming arm". ' possibly to an extinction of «-»' liS j after the manner of the CXK a ' : cats. It is perfectly true \ deliberative body is an 'lcac'" "S ,.,-s Mutton, and unless r-'iraPrOi> c must prove fatal thereto. ../si that politicians will not cqw ? i3V r. violence of the tongue is folio" 5 bad read. Between Mr. 1 f " b i Fletcher there is not much 5: ; one deliberately tried to proio i, ; bitterness of his tongue ; tbc - the brief madness of v!0,c be impulse of tho moment. .. itJ tj; ./ tho llonso assorted Us o6fa.:i J 4 treatment of tho ovent; ' $! , Fletcher against Mr. a:nsi comparison with his oftoc , itself. Tho Opposi'ioo, 0 a-'y, ' Fletcher among its ranks, - = , his behavior, land ware an "dance with previous custom the mere offer of. an apology should settle all matters. Sir "Hoary Parkes was right in insisting that more ' than this was needed if the Honse was not to be ' "reduced to a position of contempt. It was argued that, because other mombershad fought within tho precincts of the House, there- ' 'fcrc cvon the offeuco within tho Chamber "itself was not of gravo moment, ono evil being held to justify nuother. Mr. Fletcher showed by the tcrms'of his apology and his goucral domeanor that he was sincerely sorry for his iE&nduct;, nnd tho House inflicted tho nominal punishment of suspension for tho remainder of the sitting. Whilo being sorry for Mr. Fletcher, whose reputation is better than his the House ought to havo acted with more severity, if only povr'encoumger les autrcs. Among the moro recent developments of t ho mining mania, the "ruby "finds in tho Mac- DonnM! ranges in Central Australia occupy a ((prominent place. There ore thoso in South . y Australia who bcliove that tho mines of Bur- ,5,1,), wiU be eclipsed, and that Australia will Jje-ouie known, uot only as the land of gold, 'felt as the land of precious stoues. Unfortu nately, very considerable doubt exists as to the jM! value of the discovery. Experts arc found ;/to declare that tho so-called rubies aro not (vjjbic; at all, but garnets; that is to say, instead .. <jf belonging to one of the most valuable of ' -j 'precious stones, they come under n deuomiua- Bon scarcely to be included in that category at all Local experts in Adelaide aud iu Mel- yf»umo, jewellers, lapidaries aud mineralogists, "'ihavs pronounced the red stones fondly styled 'tobies to be garnets. Similnv'opinions have (been given in England, where Mr. Streeter, ' -' mis of tho foremost experts in precious stones, .'Sis declared tliat they arc not rubies. These tivorable reports, howovcr, have not damped faith of promoters of ruby companies. Mr. (Streelor's opinion is discounted on tho ground stfiat his judgment would he biassed by tho Merest he holds in the Burmah mines. Public (excitement is maintained byglowiug announce ments of companies to be floated with largo Capita), and of Rothschild sending out his . 'agents to sccuro a share of this ruby bearing itjSnutry. These bright liopC3 entertained may -pjjibly be realised, but the cautious investor vjSl be inclined to wait until the point is .dejinitely cleared up as to whether the stoucs ('wrrubies or merely garnets. Si- . .'ii;Tko Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. .Shjschen, has had the pleasant task of preseut- ;iM a prosperity budget to the House of Com- ijjiifiii. lie was ablo to point to an increasing ::rg|enue and to a diminished expenditure, : wjpst the announcement of a penny off the :U6pmo tax will, in tho general opinion of , iugpayers, more than counterbalance the new (fixation indicated on articles of luxnry. The .:immue for the past year, £89,'589, 000, exceeded the expenditure by over £2, 000.000, a . Rfrplus such as has not heon shown for than a decade past. The esti mate for the current year gave a pro- .nwtivo surplus of £2,377,000. This is attributable partly to tbo new taxation but oven to tho economising of expenditure. The 'Naactioa iu the iucome tax from 8d. to 7d. in fijie,' pound is equivalent to a remission of moro '.(Hfijh £1,500,000. Mr. Goscfceo, with his pro- uat aud prospective surplus, is in a position to vtrijfeede tho boon and also to provide for tho ijbstdics t" the county councils established puJsr the now Local Government Bill. In ;.tion the work ot fortifying the coaling sta- . tijmi of the Empire is to be carried on by the jlMbeing defrayed from tho revenue yielded by fee Suez Caual shares purchased for tho coun- terjjn a happy moment by Lord Beaconsfield. Mr.vjGoschen is favored by fortune iu being ,??hted to sustain his roputatiou as a financier such roscato conditions. A budget so M&factory; will assist him iu carrying through fis.jjgraat scheme for the conversion of the Mfcjlbal dobt, to which the Imperial Purlia- iwat lias given its sanction. 