A Ghost Story. HOME'S FIliST VISION. ("D. D. HOME: HIS LIFE AND MISSION, " BY MADAME DOUGLAS. HOME.) xiome was, as usual, with his friend Edwin m the woods. . The two boys were both great readers, and when either of them had found anything m a book that interested him, it was sure to be communicated to the oILot n +l:„ occarion— it was in April, 1845 or 1846— Edwin was full of a ghost stoiy that he had just read.' The event it related to is associated with the blfteiy of a noble English family ; and I am told that it. Tnrniehoil fiui WnH«« CAa,U n w .uuvu uu rr aiwi OUUtL WILH mC groundwork of one of his ballads. A lady and her lover had mutually agreed that, if there were a life beyond this, the one who died first should appear to the survivor. In pursuance of this vow, the lover, within a few days of his death, presented himself to his mistress. She treated the vision as a delusion of her senses ; on which the spirit stretched forth his hand and laid it on hers, leaving there a mark that was ineffaceable. MEany years after he had listened to ibis legend in the woods of Norwich, Home met in England a member of the family to which it related, and was assured that the history was well authen ticated, and that a portrait of its heroine still existed, known in the family as " the lady with the black ribbon," from a ' covering she had always worn on her wrist, to conceal the mark. When Edwin's story was told the two boys set themselves to discuss it, and also the possibility of such apparitions of departed spirits to those whom they have loved on earth. With the romance of their age, they ended by agree ing to bind themselves by the same promise that the two lovers in the legend had taken, and ex changed vows on the spot, in the most solemn manner they could devise. A few weeks later Home went to live at Troy. He was then about thirteen years of age. In the month of June following he had been spending the even ing at a friend's house, and on return ing to that of his aunt found that . she had already retired to rest. Fearing to be scolded for being late, her nephew hastened to follow her example. It was a lovely summer's night, and the moon, shining through the cur- tainless window of Ms room, rendered a candle unnecessary ; but at the moment when the hoy, having finished his prayers, was slipping - into bed, her light was suddeuly darkened. Startled by the phenomenon. Home looked up, and beheld a vision that he has described in the opening chapter of his "Incidents in My Life," published in the year 1863 by Messrs. Longman: "I was about to draw the sheet over me," he writes, " when a sudden darkness seemed to pervade the room. This surprised me, inasmuch as I had not seen a cloud in the sky ; and on looking up I saw the moon still shining, but it was on the other side of the darkness, wMch still grew more dense, until through the darkness there seemed to be a gleam of light, which I cannot describe ; but it was similar to those wMch I and many others have since seen when the room has been illuminated by spiritual presence. This light increased, and my attention was drawn to the foot of my bed, where stood my friend Edwin. He appeared as in a cloud of bright ness, illuminating his face with a distinctness more than mortal. ... He looked on me with a smile of ineffable sweetness ; then, slowly raising the right arm, he pointed upward, and, malring with it three circles in the air, the hand began slowly to disappear. Then the arm, and finally the whole body, melted away. The natural light of the room was then again apparent. I was speechless, and could not move, though I retained all my reasoning faculties. As soon as the power of movement was restored I rang the bell, and the family , thinlring I was ill, came to my room, when my first words words were ; 1 1 have seen Edwin — he died three days ago.' A day or two after wards a letter was received announcing the death of Edwin after a very short illness." The common mirage fills sailors with dread., and betokens an early death to some of its observers. Carrying a corpse on board appears to them to be inviting disaster, and cases are on record where the crew have become mutinous and refractory until the distaseful freight was lowered into the sea. Lord Sackville, the late owner of KnolePark, has made a most singular will. He has (says the London correspondent of the Herald) bequeathed everything over which he had testamentary power to the Queens. Maids of Honour! The furniture, pictures, and bric-a-brac of Knole House which are not heir looms are to be put up to auction for the benefit of the young ladies in question, and are ex pected to fetch £50,000 alone. Bord ESille, as is well known, was engaged formally years in litigation with his elder Ctherf the Earl Delawarr, the subject of beinff Knole House and the estates SSted wfth it These now pass to Her Minister at Washington, and the Majesty « mm £10,000 a year. But engendered by the protracted the ill fee i g» brother appear to have litigation wim rwi Sackville to his family SrThenceUeSry good forUme If the Queen's Maids of Honour. 