CRUMBS. Conspiracy in Servis. Clan-na-Gael revived. Parliament next week. Tampering with the tariff; The Gillee Plains blizzard. Lunacy law needs altering. Big flood in the Mississippi. Don't we wont a war score} A Bill to insult the Chinese. Best mines better than ever. The British Lion on the alert. .Emperor Fritz still improving. What has become of the rain} War scare increasing at home. A hole-and-corner arrangement. 'Unwily speculators on the rack. Mad Sir Henry's polioy oheoked. Tom knows all abont jam-making. 50 Chinese to be landed at Sydney. French intrigues in Alsace-Lorraine. Plot against King Milan discovered. Visitors mistaken for fellow-lunatics. Eev. S. Hebdltoh left £12,300 by wilL Jingoes likely to have another innings. \- Gordon's bondB dishonoured by Egypt. Borne Rule must now take a baok Beat. Silver, Ss. fid. per oz.; market declining. ' Good reports irom Emu Flat plantation. Give trial by Jury in lunacy proceedings. Another old fossil gone mad over Chinkie. Order, oontent, and devotion in Bulgaria. Bandolph Churchill losing his head again. Mad Sir Henry has now taken to shuffling. Treasurer oavedin abouttbe jamdrawbaokl. . Buesia at work hatohing rebellion in Servia. Trees for free distribution nnmber 768,000. Two years to wait for that auxiliary squad ron. Demand for residential sites at Broken Hill. More prizes for agricnltnral farms this year. Retrospective penal legislation—is that just} Ordinary fish is about as nourishing as lean meat. Cheeky Randolph is again in his element of abuse. Mt. Hasluck says he^is not coming to Aus tralia. How are the "Australians" fallen in civili zation! The Thnnderer is down upon mad Sir Henry. Forest Brown will bring us many a bright copper. Football Clubs working amicably to . gether. Boulanger likely to be expelled from Franoe. London Jingoes sat upon by Polydore de Beyser. His Excellency enoonraging cycling—rides a triker. Little Tasmania has an able Attorney General. Gnildhall of London refused to Cookney aponters. Man sentenced to death in Viotoria for robbery. Admiral Fairfax declines to proteot those skippers. Orientals have an infinite tenderness for the blind. Hasty, ill-digested, invidious and unjust legislation Something very like a mining swindle at Anokland. Servian army suspected of treasonable Intentions. No chance for the G.O.M. while the war scare lasts. That Willoughby ease will have to be gone over again. _ The growth of our forests is something to blow aDout, Hot-beaded old Sic George Grey caught China fever. London newsmen mixed over Sir Henry's Uhinaphobia. M. P. Dillon is still kioking againBt the Pope's decree. Who is to move the adoption of the Ad dress hi reply ? The Sydney Judgea.have come to the resaae of the Cninese. The Emperorand Empress of Germany have gone to Berlin. Time Young Australia sat upon its Chinese mad old fossils. John Bull will soon be asking—Who is Sir Henry Farkes ? Traffio Manager Pendleton showing good railway returns. Did you ever know a Government unwilling to tax earnings ? Our Tom's coaxing of Sir Henry is likely to be thrown away. Another addition to tne crop of break-of gange inventions. Sir 'Enery whipped by public feeling into political madness. Nationalist mass meeting in Phetnix Park, Dublin, on Sunday. A French Syndicate has undertaken to float a Russian loan. Those Chinese have all been landed at Sydney on the quiet. Grand Old Muddler Parkee challenged on the Chinese question. Floquet thinks Boulanger is dangerous to La Belle Rdpublique. Western Australia agitated about single and double Chambers. The Industrial Sohool for the Blind is almost self-supporting. The Sydney Upper House deserves the thanks of the colonies. The Russian Bear and Mossoo watching the tight Little Island. What next ? Bridging the English Channel at a cost of £40,000,000. The English papers are greatly at varlanee pver the Parkes policy. About time New South Welshmen looked out for a sane Premier. The Sydney Councillors won't be bullied Into anaet of injnstioe. Land Commission hope to lay their report before Parliament early. Another M.P, Plan-of-Campaign disturber Bent to gaol for a month. Railway Commissioners have their work ■ out out for a year or two. Australian Eleven making a name, not to . say dollars, for themselves. John Bull has always held his own and -gained the world's esteem. The P. & O. steamer Areadia on her trial averaged 15 kuotB an hour. About time Asylum visitors who would do their duty were appointed. Perhaps trioyoiing will become fashionable now the Governor has one. Reinforcements of troops are being harried up to the Galielan frontier. Blind men in N.A. Industrial Sohool average over 20s. per week. That heavy foot has had to be raised at last, and in very shame too. " Uncle George" says there's no immediate denser of war breaking out. American winter wheat crop expeoted to be mnoh below the average. Victorians taking a mean advantage of our vignerons at the Exhibition. That hasty Bill is to extingnisb Australian loyalty in colonial Chinamen. Adelaide tailors say there are too many females engaged in their trade. Fleets of French Steamship Companies to be gat ready as auxiliary cruisers. A Queensland settler has given up his son for committing a horrible murder. Education Department has had the virtne to repent and the energy to atone. Australasian Western Conference refased to allow New Zealand to separate. A " fatal chaos" in England in the event of a European war, Bays the Bantam. Pity so few of onr jpublio men have snoh good records as that of onr G.O.ML Immigration of Frenchmen Into Alsace likely to be restricted by Germany. The Eon. John was a most painstaking, capable, and upright representative. Lady Ennuford has sent on the silver wedding gift of the Crown Colonies. Liberty for all who toll. E'en Chinese, when on British soil. Our Lunatic Visitors bad better make another move before a storm gets up. Meeting on the Chinese question in Ade laide Town Hall on Saturday evening. Mad Sir Henry olaims nine-tenths of his countrymen to be as orazed as himBelf. New Zealand House of Representatives has adopted the Chinese Immigration BilL Read how a " bad woman," oonsigned her husband to seven years' imprisonment. S.A. Alliance nave a splendid work in hand, if they go the right way to do it. The Chairman of the Railway Commia sioners will commence work on Jane 1. John Bull's war fossil says the old gent is not likely to get into any " disturbance.'' Truthful Labby is having a kiok at ex Premier Dalley for his Soudan expedition. Austria h&B; called in the aid of German strategists to inspect her frontier defences. N.ZT House of Representatives rejected the totalizator, but is willing to tax its earnings. Mr. Northern Territory Solomon will orate against the Chinese on Saturday night Emperor Fritz was received with a "tre mendous ovation" by the Berlinera on Tues day. Sir Herbert Sandford will not take charge of the British Court at the Melbourne Exhibi tion. Height of folly to run any needless risk of the introduction of the dreaded phylloxera here. While John Bull's imbeoiles meddle and muddle, British firms are busy arming possible foes. If Par kes's historic Bill becomes law poor John will be worse then a tieket- of-leave man. Further annexation of Adelaide by Mel bourne—Syndicate bought £155,000 worth of land. The Sydney Conservative Chamber has an opportunity to earn Australia's grati tude. Gold-digger Morgan in Wales doesn't approve of that Government claim for royalty. Irish Nationalists have told the old Pope that he has no right to meddle with their politics. Imperial red-tapists require three years to supply guns for the defence of afewooaling stations. Mr. E. P. Nesbit says tbe people of (Eng land are slower in intellect than the Aus tralians. The Tpower to keep foreigners out of Britain's colonies has not yet been delegated to them. That was a graceful and well-merited luncheon tendered to our departing Grand Old Man. "He bad granted the concession in tbe interest of protection," but then it was for one man only. "If the laws on land made a bath com pulsory for some people, what an outcry there would be." Expert Thrupp thinks that we oould raise our export trade in wattlebark in ten years to 50,000 tonB, Tom " saw that he had made one or two mistakes." And the worst of it was they were found oat. The G.O.M. will hare to take a baok seat if mad Sir Henry iBn't sat upon. That's the Tory ornmbster. A blind man who for seven 'years was an inmate of the Destitute Asylum is now earn ing 28b. per week. Melbourne Chamber of Commeroe adopted a report recommending the aseimilation of Auetralian tariffs. Damage by floods in Mississippi estimated at only four million dollars—Sam most surely have dropped a 0. The waste and extravagance of the British War Office and Admiralty denounced by Randolph Churchill. The Hon. J, fl. Gordon is preparing an oratorical display, which will also test the stenographer's speed. The new disease '.iB " myosotis ossificans," and we have to thank our Dr. London for information abont it. An Amati violin, which originally belonged to KiDg Louis XiV., has reoently been sold at Buda-Pesth for £700. Just imagine the concentrated wisdom of "Australia —the Grand Old Machinator— abjectly ledby a panic, How would old Blood and Iron serve a German " Wolseley" after such a jeremiad from him the other day ? N.A. Industrial School for the Blind is the only charitable institution in the oolony re turning a substantial revenue. Irish M.P.'e don't tbinfc the old Pope had any reason to "rebuke" them, Certainly not! Such innocent dears, too, Flan-of-Campaign Dillon calls upon the Irish Bishops and prieBts to retire from their position as leaders of the people. The British Post-Office service employs 3,000 women. Competitors for places have to be over 18 and under 20 years of age. The highest waterfalls in the world are tha three Krimbs Falls, in the Upper Prinzgau, which hsve a total height of 1,148 feet. The dawn of the millenninm—When the "Choeen People" flock to Jerusalem, and have only one "old stocking" for the lot. Address of sympathy from representa tives of the banking and mercantile interests of Perth and Fremantle presented to Sir F. Broome. Treaty obligations, national honour, English fairplay, all as nothing when weighed against the will of Sydney's autoorat When you waDt to " get at" Tom, go for him when he is " in the midst of attending to his other work and that of his absent colleagues." Shrewd Jacob 'worked seven yean for a wife he did not want; simple Willoughby worked seven years in an asylum for a wife who did not want him. Because tens of thousands bet where hun dreds betted before, the death of an honest jockey was a few months since treated aa a great event.—Spectator. "It iB not Sir Henry Parkes, but Lord Salisbury who will be compelled to justify to the Court of Pekin the breaking of treaties between Great Britain and China." The young gorilla whioh the London Zoo logical Society was endeavouring to acclima tise is dead. The Society has not yet suo oeeded in raising en animal of this kind. A new theory advanoed by Professor Oertel, and proven good by experiment, is that well-regnlated exercise is essential to the successful treatment of heart dieease. This comes on pink paperWhy did the Snrrey team lose the match against the Aus tralians ! Because they hod the Don-Key in It. The Crumbman don'-keer muoh about it. The Times of India says that a general order is about to be issued by the Com mander-in-Chief directing that cavalry, like infantry, shall henceforth cheer wen charg ing. Violent changes like the rise in the prieeB of tin and oopper are, in fact, a curse to everybody, and totally oontrary to what should be the law of modern trades. — Standard. A Parisian advertisement:—"Wanted, for an island lying in the vioinity of Noumea, which is peopled by French emigrants, 100 yonng women willing to enter into the state of matrimony." The Dean of Manchester Cathedral (England) has accepted the offer of a well known citizen to place a stained glass window in Manchester Cathedral, in memory of General Gordon. One million dollars per annum has been offered the Government ol Pern by a strong Chinese mercantile house in San Franoisooin return for the exclusive right to import opium into Peru, Frenoh toy manufacturers are complaining of the crashing rivalry of the Germans, who are charged with making false Custom-house entries to secure low duties, and with imi tating Frenoh goods. The perfume of the Alpine flower, the edelweiss, which is delioiouB when fresh, has been compared to the aroma of the tropical banana. The scent rarely lasts over an hour after the flower has been picked. Queen Victoria owns the largest book ever bound. It measures 18 inches across the back, and weighs 30 lb. It contains the jubilee addresses of oongratnlation from the members of the Primrose League. Three disguised men lately entered the National School at Coolnagert, Ireland, and in the presence of the school children fired some revolver Bhote at the teaoher, named Robertson, wounding him in the stomach. Messieurs Fremy and Vernenil have just informed the French Academy of Sciences that they have sncoeeded thoroughly in pro ducing real rabies by artificial means. They began their experiments about a year ago. The Frenoh literary Society has decided to open an International Literary Congress, analogous to thatwbioh waB presided over by Viotor Hugo in 1878, on tne oocasion of the approaching Universal Exhibition of Paris. A panoramic representation of the Falls of Niagara is being shown in London. It is said that the roar is as loud and as terrible as the real roar across the Atlantic. The pano rama is said to be a wonderful and a beautiful illusion, The Russian Government issued orders preventing Russian Poland from sending ad dresses, money, or presents to the Pope on theoooaslon of bis jubilee. The Czar and his family also abstained from sending presents. It is stated that under the present system of charging the duty upon spirits in Great Rritain, a loss to the revenue estimated at from £60.000 to £80,000 per annum, is in curred without any corresponding advantage to the trader. in Newcastle, since 1837, tne working Honrs hare gone down from 61 per week to 51, while the average wage per hour has In creased by 26 per cent., comparing the first twenty-five yean of the half-oentury with the last twenty-five. A short time ago the Ameer oi Afghanis tan seized thirteen men of the Mungal tribe at Logar and had them killed at Chawan, in Cabul. They were shaved, and a circle of mnd was made on their headB, in whioh oil was pnt and burned. The shareholders of the gambling bank at Monaco have never had .each a profitable season as the last, says their report. The latter, however, concludes with these cheer ful words, "There were only seventy-six suicides during the season." A fire broke out on March 7 in a populous quarter in the outskirts of Pera, near the Golden Horn. Owing to the prevalence of a strong wind 200 wooden houseB, some of which contained from six to ten families, were completely destroyed. A Bill has been introduced in the United States House of Representatives for the ap pointment of a Board to direct the construc tion of a ship canal around the Niagara Falls for the passage of merchant and war vesBels from Lake Ontario to Lake Brie. The Severn tunnel 1b 4J miles long, and iB the longest in England; it extends 2£ miles beneath the Severn, at a depth of 45 feet to 1,600 feet below the bed of the river. The tnnnel joins the South Wales Union Line at Pilning, on the Gloucestershire side. In a letter addressed from Turin to one of his friends at Budapest, the veteran Hun garian patriot Kossuth writes that he feels his end drawing near. His health is fast declining, and he iB too weak to journey to Florence, where his sons are residing. The report issued to the shareholders of the gambling Bank at Monaco informs them that the game never had so profitable a season as the last. It ooncludes with this oheering hit of statistical information:—"There weie seventy-six suicides during the season." Mr. Edwin J. Welch, who will be remem bered as the explorer who formed one of the party who went out to seek for the ill-fated Burke and Wills expedition, purposes shortly to visit the United States, where he will deliver a series of lectures on Australia. AtGellivara, Sweden, is a mountain of iron visible 40 miles. The mount is Beveral miles long, oi peroxide oi iron S8 per cent., and oaloulated at 280 millions of tons. Can be quarried and put on truoks at 2s. per ton, A sister mount, Lussavara, is equally rich. The anniversary of the battle of Majuba Hill, the crowning disaster to the British army in the Transvaal war in 1881, is observed as a festival throughout the Transvaal. All the Government offices, even including the telegraphs, are closed in honour of the day. Formerly nations saved in time of peace and spent during war. Now the prepara tions drain their treasures, and they are deep in debt before they strike a blow. They are like men who run too far to a leap, and are breathless as they try to take It.-—Telegraph. " Whilst prepared to accept with becoming humility the decrees of the Pope in matters of religion, the Nationalist members have no hesitation in declaring that His Holiness has not the smallest right to interfere in politics." Does this not smell of heresy to Mother Church? The Secretary for War reports to Congress that the organized militia force oi the United States includes 8,210 commissioned officers and 92,627 men; while the men available for military duty throughout the oouatry, con stituting the National Beserve, number 7,920,768. "It was distinctly an act of degradation that Christian people should not be willing to oouttibnte sufficient funds for the expenses of divine service unless^ they reoeived in return embroidered emokiog-capB or so many pounds of cake or jam tartB. That's the Fort Canon. Thete has been a portentous falling-off in the export of ostrich feathers from Africa to Europe. According to a Consular report, the t&verage; value of the feathers exported from Tripoli has been for some years about £200,000 a year, but last year it was no mora than £15,000. Lord Brassey, in the Times, says the capa bilities of the coloured races are nowhere seen to greater advantages than at Sierra Leone. They supply the official staff of the Govern ment. A coloured barrister of marked ability Is the leader of the Bar, and makes a professional income of £3,000 a year. A new thing oat is a olook, with ordinary works, that will run for a year without at tention. An electric battery concealed in the case winds up the clook from day to day or week to week as the need may be. Once in a great while the battery mast be renewed, but that is all the care the olook oalls for. Some of the large manufacturing firms in Sheffield are forming insurances for their workmen against epidemio, the workmen contributing 2 or 2J per oent. of their weekly wages, and being guaranteed a sum equal to his average wages in case of his amily being attacked by smallpox or other contagious disease. One of the ex-King Thebaw's treasures Is likely to be on view shortly in Loudon. It is a carved ivory ohalr, which was commenced while Thebaw was on the throne by a forester of Moulmein, but whioh, as it took two years to make, was not completed when General Prendergast sent the King as a pri soner to Calcntta. " The great man of the future will be he who shall .discover the idea—as yon oall it— for whioh mankind shall be willing to take np arms. If his idea suooeede he will be a very great man, and will probably be murdered, like a gentleman ; if he fails he will be the last ol humanity, and will most likely be hanged, lise a thief. A scheme has been set afoot in Manitoba to transport thither the 75,000 Ioelanders still remaining in their native oonntry, together with their flocks and herds. There has been a steady flow of Icelandio emigration to Canada for the last fifteen years, yet the population is Baid to be still too large for the resources of the island. Beoently Mrs. D. Houghton was lying In bed with her baby in her oott≥ at Benayeo, when a mouse ran over the oounterpane, followed by a large black snake in hot pursuit. The young woman was rendered helpless by fear, bnt her mother, an old colonist of the 1839 period, came to the reBone and soon Bent the serpent to St. Patriok. A Central News telegram from Berlin, dated Marob 15, states that from the first day of Sir Morrell Mackenzie's arrival there he was the recipient of a large number of menacing letters; and the Emperor, alarmed for the personal safety of his English physician, gave orders that measures for his protection should be taken. Pope Leo XLIL is very fond of agriculture, and has a passion for planting trees. One of his first workB after Mb eleotion was to plant the garden of the Vatiean with fruit-trees and vineB, and thiB year for the first time the grapes of the Vatioan garden are urned into wine. His Holiness superintends the opera tion and gives the necessary orders, A reoent telegram from Home to the London papers stated that orden had been issued from the War Offioe to push jon with the neatest alacrity the transformation of theWetterly into a repeating rifle. It was the intention of the Minister to arm in a few months not only the active army but the reserves likewise with the new rifle. The new deoree of expulsion directed against the foreign Jews in Russia, which affects some 36,000, chiefly Auetrians, is pressing with orushiug effect upon rich and poor alike, but particularly upon the latter. All have reoeived an intimation to wind np their affairs in the course of the present year, even the largest merchants and bankers. The Centtal Cemetery of Vienna is in tended to become for the oapital ot Austria what the Phre-la-Chaiee is for Paris. A number of great men that flourished in Vienna have already been bnried there, and n spring the remains of the great musicians, Mozart, Beethoven, Schubert, and Gluek will be transferred to the epot eeleoted for them The Salvation Army contemplate opening a depot in London for the poor, the helpless, and the hungry. A basin of soup to a child, id,; soup ana bread, id.; Bonp for an adnlt, id.; soup and bread, Id.; coffee, tea, and oocoa at similar prices; a dean Bleeping plaoe for a man and some slight refreshment, Id. £280 has been received towards fitting np the premises. "Temporary suicide by a man unknown while in an unsound state of mind," was the somewhat peculiar verdict returned by a Coroner's Jury the other day. The offioer of the Crown rubbed orown and sighed. All these Jurors are passing through the world as fairly Bane folk, and perhaps they are on ordinary oooasions. People often get mixed at" Crowners* quests." Her Majesty having been so often applied to of late by the mothera of triplets ordered her Secretary to inform a Leigh applicant that " there 1b no each thing as a Queen's Bounty. It 1b merely a ohantable donation granted tothose who are in poor and indigent circumstances, to assist them to meet the un foreseen demands caused by the unexpected addition to the family." The late Reoorder of Folkestone and a County Court Judge drew up his will with his own band, bnt omitted the mOBt impor tant word. The will accordingly went into Chancery. He left his house " to my said," and was apparently under the impression that he had added the word " wife." This could not be proved, so the house f&ited; to pass into the wife's hands. The Palais defl'Elysee, the present official residence of President Carnot, was first of all the habitation of the Marquise de Pompa dour, and hag since then been successively inhabited by the financier Beaujon, the Duchess of Bourbon, King Murat, Emperor Napoleon L, the Duke andDuohessde Berry, President Louis Napoleon, M. Thiers, Marshal MacMahon, and M. Grevy. A " ghost" whioh lately had nightly terri fied people In a village on the outskirts of Shrewsbury has been effectually laid; 50 villagers set out with eticka and missiles, and succeeded in effeoting a capture. The ghost was none other than a farmer. His captors chastised him severely, and he was only released on his handing over £5 for the local infirmaryiby way of compensation for his folly. By securely fastening the oyster-shells with a wire, the oyster can be kept for a long time. Our loads of oysters so treated on the shores of Chesapeake Bay have been dispatched to Sen Francisco, and arrangements nave been made to Bend consignments to London, Paris, Rome, and other cities, bo that if the experi ment proves a success, the American oyster will be eaten in its natural condition all over the civilized world. A lady lion tamer in Dublin bad gone snoot fitfully through her entertainment and the audience had retired. She was being photographed with her head in the mouth of one of the lioneBseB, wheD, startled by the sudden flash of the magnesium light, the animal closed its jaws, ana it was with diffi culty that the lady oonld be dragged bleeding from her dreadful position. Her injuries were not, howver, serious. Recently upward of 300 domiciliary visits for Nihilists were made in one night at St, Petersburg, Kieff, Moscow, and Tver, with the result that 160 persons of both sexes were arrested. Seven infantry and two engineer officers, who were among those taken into custody, committed sniciae as soon as they found themselves in the hands of the poliae. Several more military officers have since been imprisoned in the fortress of Peter and Paul at St. Petersburg. Announcement is made of the impending marriage of Commissioner Tucker, chief officer of the Salvation Army in India, formerly of the Indian- Civil aervioe, ana Miss Emma Booth, General Booth's seoond daughter. There are to be meetings at St James's Hall, liondon. It is understood that friends of the army propose to collect a sum of £5,000 to be devoted to the foreign missions of the Army under the direction of Mr. and Mrs. Tuoker. It seems that the African ivory dealers are quite as expert at trade tricks as are the members of more civilized communities. Thejr have discovered the advantages of pouring lead into the cavity of the ivory tusk to increase its weight, a mode of decep tion which oiten remains undiscovered until the workman saws the tusk asunder, when the teeth of the tool break against the in serted metaL As ivory is 12s. a pound the fraud is a profitable one. When on her deathbed Lady Bras gey, with that thoughtful largeheartedneas which wag one of her characteristics, made, according to the Queen, a special request to the Hon. Mabelle Bras Bey that her trousseau should be entrusted to the Donegal Industrial Fund, 43, Wigmore-street, for the benefit of the Irish workers, and to show the Interest Lady Brassey had always felt in that undertaking. Her wishes are being fulfilled, and the trousseau, now in course of preparation, will ooneist wholly of Irish handwork. An Australian tailor, driving with his wife in a buggy, crossed one of the Melbourne lines, the gate of wbioh was open. A train dashed np, and, while it did not actually strike the buggy, the oooupants were muoh alarmed, and for the shook to their nerves a Local Court awarded the husband £342 and the wife £400 for damages. The judgment was confirmed on appeal in Australia. The matter was then earned to England, and the Judicial Committee have not only reversed the judgment but ordered the tailor to pay all the costs, so that he may be quite ruined as a penalty for having been nearly killed. The BruBBels correspondent of the Timet states that extraordinarily rioh goldfields, extending over 25,000 squatre kilometres, have been discovered in Surinam, between the Rivers Lava and PapauahonL It is doubtful whether the district belongs to the Netherlands or to Franoe, the frontier be tween Surinam and Frenoh Guiana being the River Marowyne, which is formed by the joining of the Lava and the Papanahonl. However, the historical right Beems to bo on the side of the Netherlands, which esta blished a post abont 100 years ago at the meeting of the Lava and Fapan&honi;, The post was afterwards withdrawn. Hinemoa, the Maori prophet, may not be so far out in his predictions about Tarawerra after ail. The Bay of Plenty Times says " Lake Rotomahana is again filling up with water, and will be considerably larger than the lake was formerly known. There is no visible outlet for the accumulation of waters, and it is believed that this ooming winter they will have arisen to the base of the mountain and find an outlet either in the fisBure or rise to such a height as to again make Tara wera their outlet In the former oase things will be more lively than ever in the mountain, as the contest between fire and water becomes fiercer and fiercer, and in time this is pretty certain to lead to another errnption, though such would not likely to be bo extensive as that recently experienced." 