UNDER THE ROSE. BY THE AUTHOR OF " ONLY DORA," &o.; CHAPTER XVI.— CCofiUnuadJ "And I proppso," TrefUsm wasaay- iDg, ' that we all go out with them. The poachers will be early, because the moon rises so late, therefore the expedition will not keep us out of our beds. I think it would be rather an adventure, and it does good to show the lower classes, and keepers espe cially, that geutlotnen do not fear the auijger no wiiica iiiiy lteupoio tiioiu selves are often exposed." Lord St. Maur opposed the idea strongly, as a needless risk. " You might meet with an in glorious shot in the dark,'' said the old peer, quietly. " Very little fear of that," laughed his son. " There will only be that spice of danger which lends a plea sant excitement to an action." The younger men guests agreed with him, and appeared unanimous in wishing, as some expressed it, " to have a brush with the poachers." Isealte listened with a fear she could not repress. Suppose the warn ing she had had were, according to Pendarvon's belief, really super natural, and that Trefusis was going out to meet his doom ? She looked across at Mrs. Fleming to see if the same thought had occurred to her ; but the lady was so engagsd speaking to her Son, who sat near her, that Iseulte could not catch her eye. Miss TresBilian had become nerv ously convinced that sbe had had a vision ere luncheon was over, and moved by this conviction, she went up to Lord Trefusis, as he was leaving the dining room, and asked if she might speak, to him for a moment. He smiled an asBent, and they walked to a far-off window of the hall. Now, Miss Tressilian, in what can I serve you f " he asked, turning to her with his happy smile. " Lord Trefusis," she said, " will you oblige me by not going out after the poachers tq-nigbt ? " He looked greatly surprised, for her words were grave and her eyes even solemn. " May I ask why ? " he said, in a tone of surprise. "Because — because," hesitated Iseulte, " I had a sort of visiou last night — a warning " she paused, perplexed how to speak and yet hide her ghost story. " A vision — a warning ' " he re peated, laughing. "My dear Miss Tressilian, you are indeed a true Cornish woman ! I am afraid I can not yield to such a plea as that ; and indeed, if you come to warnings, we St. Maurs are not without our own especial ones, which have not in this case warned me." Iseulte was strangely moved. ' But if," she said, " I had had that warning ? " " You ' " he exclaimed, with curi osity. "Yes. Lord Trefusis. Listen;" and briefly but vividly she related the tale of the apparition in the armoury. He listened with great interest. " It is very strange," he said, thoughtfully. " But I really fancy the moonlight must have cheated your eyesight. . Did the armour clash ? " with a smile. "Yes, some part of it fell; and there was a strange wailing sound also. ' "Oh, but," he said, gaily; "the warning is given only to our family personally; and as yet" — with a twinkle in his' eyes — " Miss Tressilian does not belong to it ; however, she may honour us by and by." She coloured deeply. " But you will stay at home?" she asked, after an instant's pause. "I really cannot. I had settled to go out with the keepers before I spoke of it at luncheon, and with Sir Archibald l'relawney also, my next neighbour, who will join us. I really could not excuse myself by such a vision as yours, Miss Tressilian, which may he in reality — all moonshine," and he laughed good-humouredly, adding, however, as ho saw her look very grave — almost hurt, " Believe me, no one can avoid his doom, and if our ' banshee ' actually showed last night, nothing can save the destined prey of death." Saying this, he took and pressed her hand, thanked her cordially for her interest in his welfare, and left htr. CHAPTER XVII. Lancelot joined Iseulte the momippt afterward. " What, my ward !' he said, quiz zically, "again giving advice to gentle men in the hall !" " Ah, yes," she answered, with a little vexed smile, " and, always in vain." " By the way, Miss Tressilian," he said, " will you kindly not mention to any one else the circumstance you have just told me ?" fHo, indeed," she said, "I never intended to name it to any one till— till " "I understand," he said, with a nod ; then in a lower tone : " All are not aB free from superstition as myself, you know." Lancelot hod stood rather apart during this brief half- whispered col loquy. As Lord Trefusis moved off, he said : " Iseulte, I came to ask you to go to my mother. Are you disengaged now r Why, how sad you are looking, child !' "Yes," said Iseulte with a sigh. " I feel very much as Cassandra may have felt. I prophesy vainly — no ono minds ine," pitifully. "You foolish girl," ho said, laugh ing, "do you expect any one will take advice, however well meant ? Believe me, it is always given in vain. Why, you yourself gave no hoel to mine the other night evidently." " What advice ? " she asked. " Not to lecture gentlemen in the In; 11," lie answered dryly ; "uule.-.s you wi.sh people to say but you- are a (li) fc." "I was not lecturing now," she said, gloomily. " I was begging Lord Tre- l usis to give up tins foolish expedition ngamst tho poachers. You will noc go, will you?." wistfully. " No," he said, " I shall not. My mother hns begged iro to remain at borne ; and as 1 am not wanted par ticularly, I shall." "1 am glad," said Iseulte, and went off to find Mrs. Fleming. The day passed. At about half- past 10 a large party of gentlemen, accoutred in out-of-door coats and shooting boots, and armed with guns, assembled in the hall. Love of excitement and adventure, or fear ot the suspicion of cowardice, had made every one of the younger men join Lord Trefusis. The ladies went into the hall to see them off, and those who'had sons and brothers among the group uttered many in junctions as to being careful of themselves. Lord Trefusis walked up to Agatha Boberts, and said, in a whiBner, which was nevertheless au dible : " Will you askmeto bo careful for your sake in like manner ? " The girl blushed deeply, and raised her beautiful eyes with an unmis takable expression to his face. " Yes, be careful for all our sakes," she murmured. He bent down and whispered some thing in her ear, which brought a flush of crimson to her cheek and a gleam of triumph to her eyes. Iseulte, looking away from them, started; for gazing on the pair with eyes of jealons hatred, stood Captain Pendarvon. By a sudden impulse she moved rapidly to his side. " Captain Pendarvon," she said, "take care of yourself, pray. Ee« member your poor mother and father place all their pride and happiness in you, and would bo miserable if any evil befell you; and — and" — in a whisper — " beware of jealousy." Ho started, and looked down at her with an expression of wender on his face. "You are always my good angel, Miss TreBsilian," he murmured. "I will remember." A few minutes afterwards the party went out into the night, which was dark and gloomy beyond even average nights of winter, for the moon did not rise till past midnight. Lancelot Fleming remained with the elder men, and Henry St. Maur also, at his father's request, did not go. Lancelot soon after joined his mother and ward. " I am so thankful you did not go, Lancelot," said his mother. " It is Euch a needless risk."' " Nay," he answered, "not useless. Trefusis is right. We should be will- mg to share in any risk we require our people to face ; but there were so many going that I was not needed. Had Trefasis been alone I would have seconded him." Henry St. Maur approached the place where the Flemings and their ward still stood. "Miss TreBsilian," he said, "will you console me with a game of chess for my enforced staying at home ? , Aline declares she shall sit up till the men return, to be sure Trefasis is safe. He is her favourite, you know." Iseulte accepted his challenge, and they were soon seated at their game. Lancelot stood near the chess-table watching their play. He was puzzled and annoyed. Was Iseulte a coquette? He had seen her for getting him when she walked with Pendarvon in the morning, holding a private conference with Trefusis in the afternoon, and now amusing and being amused by St. Maur. Turning at last' from tbe youthful players with a sigh, he perceived Mrs. Boberts and her daughter sitting apart. The elder lady's face wore an expression of great triumph: the younger was looking pale and (for Agatha) thoughtful. " Trefusis must have proposed," he thought. " The mother cannot hide her exultation. Iam sorry for the St. Maurs! And Iseulte— will she accept Pendarvonnow ? ThatBhe is iui re deeply interested in him than in any of her other suitors that last whisper showed'." Tbeso were the bitter thoughts which seemed to set themselves to 11 c Eongs which Aline sang. Tie saw the great treasure of his life slipp ng away from him, while honor forbade his stretching out his :::,iid to grasp it. He could better h: ve borne it if St. Maur had been I : eulta'8 choice ; but that she should have rejected htm. the true diamond, to choose the sham one, added bitter- ( ss to his regret for his own loss. U.s mother, watching him. furtively, thought: "Mr. Tressilian's will has ruined my son's life." The evening seemed to them both endlessly long. A second game of chess was began, and Aline was singing, with dramatic power— Homo they brought hor warrior doad When tbe door of the room opened, I and Colonel St. Maur, white as death and his dress disordered, entered. " There has been an accident !" he said, hurriedly. "Where is my uncle I" Henry sprank from his seat ; Aline obb from the piano. "What is it?" they both cried, j wildly. " Trefusis ?" j " Yob," he answered, sadly. " Good hoaven ! where is my uncle ?" ; " He is in his study," gasped Aline ! laying her hand on her side- "Lancelot," said Colonel St. Maur, " come with me." And Lancelot hurried away with him, at once. Together they hastened to the Btudy, followed by Aline and her brother. White and trembling, Mrs. Boberts came over to Iseulte and Mrs. Fleming. " Do you know what it is ?" she gasped. "An accident! What? Oh ! Iseulte, he has as good as pro posed to Agatha," who sat, white and trembling. " It is very sad," she said, kindly : " but it may not be so bad as we fear. Ab ! there is the hall door opened." "Oh! Iseulte," cried the poor lady, " do go and see what it is." Miss Tressilian complied with her request, and went into the hall. in the midst of it, under the great chandelier, now stood a stretcher covered with a bloodstained sheet. Around it were gathered a group of white-faced, horror- stricken men. Iseulte drew hack for a moment with a faint, suppressed cry. The next moment she advanced, and said, tremulously, to a motionless figure standing near : " What has happened ?" Captain Pendarvon — for it was be — turned an ashen face to her, con tracted with horror. " He is shot ! Trefusis is killed !" be answered, in a dull, monotonous tone. "Ob, Heaven!" she cried, "his poor father !" Then, remembering Mrs. Boberts, - she went back into tbe drawing-room to prepare Agatha for the awful news awaiting her. It was well that she did not witness the agony of the bereaved father, sister and brother, when, almost im mediately afterward, they entered tho hall and Btood beside their dead. (to bb continued.) 