BAPTISM OF THE QUEEN'S GBANDDAUHTER. TJIE REV. DR. CAMERON LEES OFFICIATING-. An event of soma historical interest took place a few weeks ago at Balmoral Castle, the occasion being the celebration of the baptism of the infant daughter of Lis Rojul Highness Prince Henry of Battenburg and her Royal Highness the Princess Beatrice. The young princess, the second child of their royal highnesses, was born at Balmoral Castle on the after noon of Monday, 2-lth October, and in announcing the event the " Court Cir cular" stated that the birth was the first that had occurred in the Royal Family in Scotland since 1G00. On 19th November of that year the ill-fated Charles I., second son of James I., was born at Dunfermline, probably the baptism of the Princess Beatrice's little daughter was the first under the Presbyterian form that has ever occurred in the royal family since the Union. The baptism waa celebrated la the drawing-room of the castle, a spacious apartment, possessing characteristics of a Highland home, the furniture being up holstered in tartan cloth, of which material the window drapery was also < composed. The room wai specially em bellished for the occasion. The font was placed on a square pedestal, encased in crimson cloth. The font was the large chastely-ornamented gold one which has being used in the baptism of all the mem bers of the royal family. At the base of the pedestal, and arranged around the base of the font, there was a chaste dis play of leaves and flowers, comprising white chrysanthemums, Cape jasmine, arbor "citcic sprigs, white lilies, and maidenhair ferns. The water in the font c^me from tlie River Jordan. While the Royal party entered the drawicg-room the Madrigal Choir sang a choral by H.R.H. Prince Consort - In life's gay morn, ere sprightly youth By vice and fully is enslaved ; 01>. no ay thy Maker's glorious name Be on thy infant mind engraved. This verse was also being sung while the infant princes? was brought into the room by Lady Biddulph and two nurses. Dr. Cameron Lees then performed the cere mony of baptism according to the 3:mple order of the Church of Scotland, hev Majesty holding the infant princes while the water was sprinkled on the ch"d_'s face. The names given were-Victor.-a Eugenie Julia Eva, Immediately after. the°bapt^in. the choir ^ang " St. Fransis," by Sir Arthur Sidlivan, the words specially arranged being 0, Father, Thou Who ha3t created all In wisest love, we pray . Look on this babe, who at Thy gracious call, Is entering on life's way ; Bend o'er her hi Thy tenderness, Thine image on her f.ou! impress 0 Father, hear. O, Son of God, who diedst for us, behold We bring our child to Thee ; Thou, tender Shepherd, take her to Thy fold, Thine own for aye to be j Defeod her through this earthly strife, And lead her on the path of life, O, Son o£ God! 0, Holy Ghost, who broodeat o'er the wave, Descend upon this child: Give her undying life, her spirit lave With waLers undefiled; Grant her, while yet a babe to be A child of God, a home for Thee - 0, Holy Ghost! Dr. Cameron Lees then oftored up prayer, and thereafter the choir sang 44 Now thank we all our God." Dr. Cameron Lees then pronounced the Bene diction, and the ceremony _ wa3 over, having lasted about twenty minutes. The scene presented was very picturesque. Her Majesty wore a black dress and white cap. Tlie keepers and gillies wore High land dress, and the bright hue of the tartan, as well as of the scarlet coats most of the men-servants wore, added color to the scene and enhanced its effect. Most of the servants wove jubilee medals. After the ceremony was over all those wlio had been invited to witness it had luncheon in the ballroom. On the above ceremony the London Frcsbyterian of December 2 has the fol lowing remarks " The baptism of the infant Princess at Balmoral by a Presby terian minister has produced a great com motion amons the High Church party iu England. True it is that tho Rev. Dr. Cameron Lees is a minister of the Church of Scotland, to the maintenance of which the Queen is pledged by her coronation oath quite as much as to that of the Church of England. He is, moreover, one of her Majesty's chaplains, and Dean of the Chapel Royal and of the Order of the Thistle. All that, however, is nothing in the eye3 of those arro gators of a monopoly to ail clerical functions. ' We may believe,' says the Church ' that the child is validly baptised, since the church recognises lay baptism.: How exceedingly condescend ing it is of the Church ivccteio to make that admission when the layman in ques tion is a Presbyterian minister and royal chaplain. The Church Times cannot find any language at all adequate to express its emotions, and consequently prints the announcement of the baptism in the mo3t conspicuous part of the paper, merely pre facing it by saying :-' We give the greatest possible prominence to the fol lowing astonishing paragraph.' Fortu nately the nation at large has not the slightest sympathy with churchmen of that sort, and their ontciy is more likely to excite ridicule than ^o gain appreci i tion from any but their own exclusive clique." 