A TIFF. It was their first serious one, for Sir. and Mrs. Dasson were a warmly attached couple, on whom two years o£ matrimony had not palled, nor had the effect of lessening their affection. Yet sweetest bells will jangle sometimes, and the chords of the human mind get out of tune. Mary, the maid, began the mis chief. She could not be induced to love early rising, consequently the breakfast was late. Mr. Dasson, who had an engagement, chafed at losing a train, and Mrs. Dasson rebelled against the blame being laid on her. They parted in anger; hot words had been said, cruel reproaches uttered ; the rolls and coffee left untouched ; Mr. Dasson stalking out of the house without his overcoat, and Mrs. Dasson flying upstairs to throw herself on her bed and cry stormily till her head ached and her eyes were swollen. “ What a fright I look!” she exclaimed, when, an hour after, she rose and caught sight of her wan, tear-stained face in the glass. “ My cousins talked of calling this morning, but not for worlds would I let them see me in this state. If I told Mary to say I am ill, they would insist on coming up stairs ; and if they should suspect that Alfred and I have quarrelled, they would spread the news far and wide. What shall I do? I will go out,” she finally determined. “ A long walk will relievo my head, and t should feel lit for nothing if I stayed at home. I am miserable. How could Alfred be so unkind!” This ejaculation was followed by another burst of tears, but they flowed more quietly, and before they were wiped away, Leia Dawson came to the conclusion that she had not been so free from fault as she had declared herself. Who could be more kind in general, or more forbearing than Alfred ? And if he had spoken irritably she could’ not deDy that her duty as a wife was sadly ignored when she retorted in the same strain. Bat he had said—and then her bosom heaved angrily as she repeated to herself his captious speeches.- If she had erred, he hat? been unjust; and as for Mary—. Never had that culprit seen her young mistress look so stern as when she came down stairs dressed for walking; never before had Mrs. Dasson so sharply lectured her! One phrase the lady murmured, in faltering accents, that filled Mary with remorse. “ Your want of punctuality has caused me great unhappiness.” Her voice choked by a sob, Mrs. Dasson walked quickly away, leaving her hand maiden, to whom she was invariably kind and considerate, quite conscience stricken. The park to which Lela directed her steps was not an inviting promenade, for the gravel was sloppy with recent rain, and the shrubs half hidden by mist. However, she persevered in pacing the most sheltered walks till good resolutions came to her aid, and she could return home in a happier frame of Before doing so, however, she went to a Bon Afarchc at no great distance. She had just remembered t'uat Alfred was in want of a new pair of slippers. Sbe would buy him the prettiest pair she could procure, and this gift should be her peace-offering when they met in the evening. A showily-dressed woman followed her into the department she visited, standing by her side while she made her selection, and turning over the slippers as if she were as sisting Mrs. Dasson in her choice ; but when the shopman chanced to be off guard, the horrified lady saw her appropriate a pair of the most expensive ones. On seeing herself observed, she dropped her booty, and with a familiar nod walked away, saying,— “I’ll wait for you outside.”. But ere she reached the door an assistant, who had wit nessed the theft, sprang forward and detained After a struggle she was brought back to the counter where Mrs. Dasson, terrified and disgusted, was still standing, and to the horror and dismay of che young wife, she heard herself accused as a confederate. Fortunately for her the proprietor of the emporium was quickly on the spot, and by him she was recognised as a frequent cus tomer. Appeased by his apologies, she would have paid for her purchase and departed, but when she put her hand in her pocket her purse—Alfred’s present on her birthday— was gone. The police now made their appearance, the tiiief was searched, and Mrs. Dasson’s purse found upon her. Satisfied al having regained possession of it, sbe made another attempt to escape from a scene which she rendered intolerably pain ful by the bowls and protestations of the prisoner. But her evidence was required ; she was tiie most important witness in the case, and ia spite of her absolute refusal to prosecute, and extreme re luctance to take any part in the affair, she was compelled to yield to the requirements of the law. A cab was called, and much against her will, Mrs. Dasson was driven to the nearest police-court. It was crowded on that day ; some local rejoicing bad ended in a street row; and so many were the rioters, so con flicting the testimony, that very faint and weary did the unwilling witness become ere the shoplifter was place in the dock. The painful ordeal of giving evidence against her was over at last, and Mrs. Dasson free to depart; but as, with the aid of a policeman, she was edging her way through the throng hanging about the doors, a few words reached her that made her heart stand still. “ The worst accident they’ve ever had on that line,” one man was saying to another. “ You see it happened just as the train was fall of city gents going up to their offices. I did hear that there was ten dead and no end of wounded.” “ Is it—is;it ture ?” gasped Mrs. Dasson to the policeman who was piloting her. “ And where did it happen?” “ Well, yes, mum, I’m afraid it’s true enough 1 A collission, you know, some wheres between—” and he named the station from which her husband travelled—“ and the next. Happened about nine-twenty, I reckon.” Oh! agony that it was to hear this !—to be forced to tell herself that if her husband had gone earlier, as he intended, he would have escaped. She looked so ill that the policeman civilly offered to procure a cab into which he assisted her, asking where he should tell the cabman to drive. ‘‘ To the city,” was the reply. And, accordingly, thither She was taken, trembling, weeping, praying; now yielding to despair, and feeling convinced that she should find her husband at some hospital frightfully maimed; now hoping he _ had escaped injury; but always haunted with a dread that he was amongst the killed. . And they had parted in anger 1 _ She should never he able to express her patience and receive his pardon. How should she endure iife if he was taken from her, or how forgite herself if be were among those who would linger .out a miserable existence crushed, crippled? But the cab was at the door of the office, and a junior clerk, catching sight of a pale, pretty face at the window of the vehicle, officiously rushed out to interview its owner. Mr. Dasson ? He hadn’t been at the office all day. Believed the governor had received a telegram— Lola fell back almost prostrated by this confirmation of her fears.. She contrived to give the now compassionate clerk her address, and he bade the cabman take her to her home as quickly as possible. The door flew open as she tottered towards it, and Mary appeared, he apron at her eyes. “Oh, ma’am, I’m so thankful you’re come!” the girl sobbed. “My poor master !” . She threw open the dining-room door, and there, his arms flung out on the table, his head resting on them, sat Alfred Dasson. his hair dishevelled, his boots muddy, his clothes drenched with the rain that, for the last two or three hours had been faliing steadily. The opening of the doer aroused him ; he sprang up, beheld Lela, who flew towards him, and they were rapturously clasped in each other’s arms, and Mary closed the door upon them. Then lie was safe—unhurt 1 Oh, Heaven he thanked 1 But where had he been? Look ing for her? Why, what was she to under stand from that? “When I left here,” he explained, “the first thing I heard of was the accident that bad happened to the train I missed, and someone told mo that poor Tompkins—you have often heard me speak of him—was one of the sufferers by it. So I helped to carry him to the nearest hospital, and then hastened to his wife—she was staying with friends at Richmond—broke the news as well as I could, and took her to him. While thus employed, it struck me that my own wife might hear an exaggerated account of the affair ; so I wired to the city, excusing myself there, and came home to find Mary in great distress. You had gone out, she said, looking like a ghost, and accusing her of having ruined your happiness. You had gone away as if you never meant to return, and I have been rushing from place to place ever since I heard this to find my darling, and entreat her to return to me. I hare but just come home, so worn out with fatigue and misery that I could hold up no longer.” Lela insisted on deferring her explanations till lie had changed the wet garments in which he was shivering. Heed we say that they were satisfactory, or that the anxious bourn spent by both husband and wife taught them that in wedded life even “a tiff” should be care fully avoided 1 