? BACCHUS MARSH races on Saturday next (7th January) should prove an attraction to metropolitans. Two special trains have been engaged—the first, for bipeds and quadrupeds, leaving at 910 a.m.,and returning at 0.30 p.m.; aud the second, which leaves at 11.5. a.m., returning atCpm. It is announced bv advertisement that ample vehicular accommodation will be provided to convey visitors to and from the course. MONDAY next, the 9th January, will be A busy day at the Victoria Amateur Turf Club Secretariat at 100 Bourke-street west, as entries close for the meeting on Thursday, the 2Gth Jan.; as also for the Oakleigh and Hawksburn Handicaps, to be run at the meeting held on Saturday, the 18th February. The New South Wales Anniversary Day tryst will be specially attractive, the programme being : Handicap Hurdle Iiace of 150 sovs , two miles; Trial Handicap of 100 sovs., seven furlongs ; Handicap Steeplechase of 250 sovs., about two miles and' a-quarter; Selling Race of 156 sovs., five furlongs; Anniversary Handicap, of 500 sovs., one mile and three furlongs; and Holiday Stakes. of 150 sovs. (for two-yearolds), five furlongs. Weights will be declared on Monday •jOfch January. THERE'S no doubt the executive of the Victoria Racing Club committed a bloomer when they decided on holding their Summer Meeting on the 31st December, instead of ou the 2nd January. That's what everybody says now, because everybody has been educated to that extent. It's a wonderful thing, this aftergame. You can speak so oracularly on the subject. Here was the thing advertised for months, stuck into all the almanacs, and yet nobody expressed any opinion until it was all over, and then arose the usual—" We knew all along it would be a frost on that day." WELL, it certainly wasn't the success it ought to have been, considering the valuable prizes given and the good fields (in the majority of cases) competing; but I don t believe the matter of the day made so much difference when it was all over. The New Year's Day Meeting is a sort of a Btop-gap between the Spring and Autumn Meetings and at that period of the year it's only the regular habitues that are racing mad. That's mv opinion. Take it for what it's worth. To get to business. Proceedings opened with the £ormanby Stakes, of five furlongs and a-half, for which nye faced 1^eda.le.held the starter. Of these, the Maribyrnong Plate the pride of place (level money)4n n^K?" 1 ? 8 G ' 1 adstone being next at 2 to 1, followed bF t 4 CJ f°stic at 5 to 1. Double Acrostic forced the pace, but just below the distance the favourite put a clear length between himself and his field, Gladw B , ame time making bis effort. Despite e « LmL - J 5ena ty. toe brother to liingmaster made * stru .gg'e for victory, but O'Brien with a great f ? rCGd of Gang Forward and Irish TW?,? . g ' and , ^dea him a winner by a long neck, « vl e ,f crostlc three lengths away. Time. lmin. lOJsec! ^n.ft Performance. The Hurdle Race, and Si» ^duced to a match between Leroy Fund, although no less than 11 others had strn^ii' i il A on card ' and nffcer the semblance of a struggle, Leroy, who started with odds of 5 to 1 on him won easily by a length and a-half in 4min. 5Jsec. The Standish Handicap, of tbree-quarters-of-a-mile, found no lees than sixteen " ready—aye, ready" for the frav, betting pretty gay at—2 to 1 against Mozart, 5 to 1 The Forsaken, 0 to 1 Casuist, 7 to 1 Harvester, 10 to 1 Louise, 14 to 1 Lando, and from 20 to 50 to 1 others. Don Giovau got the best of a rather straggling start, the favourite being close up. Once over the sand track, Mozart showed them all a clean pair of heels, and ran home comfortably two lengths and a-half to the good of Harvester, whose nearest compagnon He voyage was Casuist, two leDgths away,followed by Don Giovan, ThePorsaken aud Victim. Time, lmin. lGisec. Yankee Grab, Royal Oak, lvildare and Kulkyne contested the Steeplechase, about two miles aud a-half, and although Mr. Pearson's horse started at evens his 12st. 61b. told its tale after clearing the la6t obstacle, and Yankee Grab, who started at 4 to 1, won by a couple of lengths, Kildare being 50 lengths behind Royal Oak. Time, 6min. 4£sec. A dozen cut in for the £1000 added money of the Bagot Handicap, of one mile and a-half and a furlong, the Caulfied Cup winner (Oakleigh) being mo6t in favour at 9 to i, followed by the Sandhurst Cup winner (Aflluence) at 9 to 2, and the Melbourne Cup winner (Dunlop) at 5 to 1. And as they figured in the betting so did they finish at the conclusion of a well-run race, Oakleigh getting home a length Lnd a-quarter in advance of Affluence, who found a stubborn foe in Dunlop, who was only a neck behind him. The mile and five furlongs was carved out in 2min. 55Jsec.— Just about as good as they make 'em. The Criterion Stakes, for two-jjear-olds, three-quarters of a mile, rung down the curtain, and in this event the bookies—who had been having a very unsettled time of it all dayraked it in in hunks and chunks, thanks to Harry Tothill and his Darriwell —Rornula colt, Pincio. Starting at 15 to l in a field of nine of which Double Acrostic was at 7 to 4, Guarantee at 5 to 2, Ilex at 0 to 1, Wyvis at 7 to 1, and Salisbury at 8 to 1—the brother to Menotti rushed to the front at the distance, and defeated Ilex by two lengths, Guarantee being three lengths furtheraway still. Time lmin. 18Iseo. THE arrangements at Flemington ou Saturday were right up to the knocker, the catering of Harry Skinner something tremenjus, and everything truly looral. The stakes for the day amounted to £3033, of which Martin Loughlin scooped £944; Tommv Jones, £440; Neil Campbell, £380; "Willy Glasscock, £23G; Jack Pile, £200; J. B. Gill, £185; Harry Tothill. £155; Dick Donovan, £100; Joe Cripps, £100; Jimmv Wilson, £60; the Hon. Billy, £00; "Braddy,' £40; J. 11. Crooke, T. Covrigan and H. Smith, £30 each ; and Captain Haiiues, £15. THAT wasn't half a bad tip of mine, The Queen, for the A.J.C. Summer Cup, neither was the one three weeks ago about Dunlop and Affluence getting positions in the Bagot Handicap; but friend " Augur,"' in last Saturday's Australasian, fairly takes the cake. For the Normanby Stakes he went Gladstone, Lonsdale and Forest Queen (first and second); in the Hurdle Race- Oculist aud Leroy (Oculist didn't start, Leroy won); in the Standish Handicap—The Forsaken, Harvester, Hnd Mozart (first, second, and fifth); in the Steeplechase- Royal Oak and Kildare (second and third): aud in the Bagot Handicap—Affluence, Dunlop and Oakleigh (all placed). Such a tipsterial performance as that stamps my portly friend as—like old wine—improving with age, aud likewise redoundeth to the judgment of those powers that be in the Argus office when they selected a turf writer for the position of sporting editor • ekalled by few -and excejled by none." THEKE is no man clamours so loudly as the man who knows absolutely nothing about what he clamours. There is no Mob so unreasoning aud unreasonable as the Punters who are put on to supposed good things at Moonee Valley Races. Last Monday, when Christopher Moore brought his horse in second for the New Year s Gift (six furlongs and three-ouarters, mark you)! for which he started literally unbacked, after running fourth for the Disposal Stakes (five furlongs), in winch he started first favourite, the Great Unwashed raised their voices amain, and, according to the Age, greeted him with a "hostile demonstration on returning to scale," and, according to the Argus, "cordially hooted him." nd not one voice has as yet been raised in the I w s t lad's favour. Not one word written that the previous gallop might have been serviceable to the horse, or that his party had lost their stuff fairly aud squarely on the first race on a rotten brute. I take credit to myself that I was the first sporting writer in Victoria to direct attention in these columns to ltaoul's smashing performance when on the 27th December, 1SS0, he won the A.J.C. Flying Handicap, of six furlongs, in lmin. 15secs., and nominated him as a likely Newmarket Handicap winner. That was long before he went into Abe Davies' hands, and he has done absolutely nothing since. But the Know-AUs who travel at Moonee Valley had their half-crowns and crowns on, and when he was beaten, of course they boo-hooed and yelled at his rider because they imagined they had been got at. Great Cajsar's ghost! As I have stated over and over before, Moonee Valley is just a cut above its foster-parent, Kensington Park—they are not all stiff 'uns in a race bar one; sometimes there's a couple of goers. Mind you, I am a bit of a pessimist about any of our jockeys—Tom Hales, Ned Gorry, young Fielder, Mick O'Brien, Ted Power, Chris. Moore, &c.;, &e;— not riding a bit judiciously at times; but I am quite positive that on Monday last besides the Kingsborough horse, Margrave (a one-time daisy of whom the oi palloi knew but little), the Pontiff horse, Raoul (of whom they fancied they knew something), was a spinner in the Disposal Stakes. WHEN the Hon. James White's stable were so notoriously out of form last Spring at Flemington, the great body of Know Alls were loud in their clamour that Tom Peyton couldn't train.for sour apples, and that now Feunelly wa6 gone it was all up a gum-tree with the bearers of the blue and white banner. No one knew better than Peyton himself that his charges were nearly all to pieces; but albeit he owned that to some friends on the very first day of the meeting he allowed the aforesaid Know Alls tocackle away. But what a change in a brief couple of months ! Here we have the confirmed "rotten jade " Acme transformed into one of the best and stoutest fillies that ever stepped in Australia, able (asshe proved in Tatts' Club Cup on Monday last) to run as game as a pebble, and compass the twomiles in 3min. 32Jsec. And that the friends of the stable were fully alive to her capabilities was evidenced by the fact that although Silvermine and The Queen's price was 7 to 2 each, the daughter of Chester and Princess Maud started at 5 to 1. The running of Acme and Volcano at the late meetingat Randwick proves conclusively that the Kirkham stable will be as dangerous (I fancy even more so) than ever in the immediate future—who knows but in the Autumn ? AND lm-ntior ing Silvermine's name reminds me that the unJuckiest horse that ever looked through a liridle broke his back last Monday. Second in the Newmarket Handicap, Caulfield Cup, Sydney Cup and Melbourne Cup (after running third for that event the previous year, 188C), he never had the luck to win a big event, and his loss to that spirited New South Wales sportsman, Mr. W. C. Cooper, is a severe one indeed,-for the son of Napoleon and Silverhair promised to furnish into a magnificent sire. M INULEP bitter and sweet were the potions in Aleck Robertson's cup. A winner of some of our classic races an affection of t.he eyes proved a poison drop, and of late years his health was never of the best It is only a man that has passed through a severe illness can properly sympathise with one in affliction, and of the depth of ft-eling displayed on such occasions by two great horsemen (A. Robertson and T. Hales) I am a living witness. Poor Aleck ! I shall never forget the morning of the Newmarket Handicap day when be rode second to William Tell. Well, Aleck," I said to him, " is your Silvermine going to turn out a gold-mine to-day V" 1 fancy so," was his quiet rejoinder ; " but, you know, it migh t turn out a copper one." Which it id. ] F I locate the place correctly where the accident appened it is about a furlong and a-half from the Derby omer, where the course elopes down towards the rails. reniember the first time I padded the hoof round Randick being struck with it as being rather too much on the lant, especially as the jockeys at that spot are making heir effort to get well into the straiglit. I WILL tell you what it is. That mile and a furlong bv Acme in the Carringtou Stakes at Sydney last Saturday, with 7et. 121b. on her back, was rather a sniftv performance. The returned official time is lmin 53£sec and our best time at Flemington is 1. 554, bv Cerise and Blue. No wonder she won by three lengths, bat My Lord must also be pretty tropical to get as close to her as that seeing that he had Set.. 71b. on his back. There were onlv 24 in the field, too. Phew! - THE marvellous two-year-old successes of Friar's Balsam has completely paral vsed speculation on the next English Derby, for that the Kingsclove stable has the race within its grasp with either Friar's Balsam orOrbitie an opinion so generally entertained as to contract in everv material sense the wagering, while, at the same time reducing the flood of.small talk that usually serves to while away the weary winter hours. With 100 to 30 taken against the unbeaten son of Hermit, ll's would have been booked this afternoon to Orbit; but as there was no especial inclination on the part of the bookmakers to transact business, all overtures ended in smoke. Turf students generally agree that, so long as Friar's Balsam keepswell it would be no use hacking Ayrshire or anything else that he hasBO readilv demolished, and the winter outlook is dreary in the extreme. CHATTING anent the race for the last Liverpool Cup, an English exchange remarks that the Manton division were exceedingly unlucky in missing that event which they could hardly have lost if the fortunes of the stable had been entrusted to Carlton and Eiridsnon instead of Winter Cherry and Gay Hermit, aud it was " a slice of bad luck" for the Duchess of Montrose to meet with a few inches defeat by St. Mirin, for whom the Duke of Westminster gave 45,000 guineas at the Manton sale at Newmarket, in the Cambridgeshire week of last year Well, of course, we are at the antipodes, and that is no doubt why we would consider the slice of bad luck would have been the other way had the Duke of Westminster's plucky purchase had the worst of the few inches. AT the Durham County Court, on the 15th November, James Gallagher sued Thomas M'Kay, publican. for £7 stake money. Two creyhounds, Little Man and Masher, were matched for £7 aside, best of fifteen courses. After six courses had been run plaintiff noticed something wrong with the rabbits, and on examining the remainder found three had their legs broken. He would not proceed, and demanded his money, which was refused. Sergeant Cartwright corroborated the plaintiff and His Honour, after hearing the defence—which was that the defendant was not aware that the rabbits' legs were broken—characterised the proceedings as a swindle and gave judgment for the plaintiff for the full amount and costs. AN H that clipping reminds me that if here in Victoria we have not quite reached the Durham attitude in doggy 6port. we a.re progressing fairly well in that direction. I ha ve every reason to believe that a careful analysis of the Registration Book under Mr. J. Mundav's care in the Victoria Coursing Club's office would result in some nice little exposes of puppies whelped on 31st December being registered as la6t July (perhaps August) litters. THE Intercolonial Draughts Match, played by telegram an Monday between South Australia and Victoria (eight men a-side), was won by the latter by four games to three. AND SO the proposition to despatch a team of English football players to Australia has been very favourably received in England,aud stepB are being taken to organise the team, which will leave the old country next March. Well, my latest Otago Witness informs me that the Rugby clubs in New Zealand are taking the matter up right royally, and guaranteeing good solid coin of the realm towards the ex's., so that even if Victoria should stand aloof the thing may possibly gee right enough. But are we really going to stand aloof? I, for one, do not believe it for a moment. I ONCE had the pleasure of hearing Mr. Alfred Deakin deliver alectureat Newmarket on Mexico,in which hegavea very vivid description of a bull fight he had witnessed in that country. It was a very vivid description, and it struck me at the time that somehow or other I bad somewhere or other, at some time or other, read something or other very like it before. However, it was very good, even were it second-hand, and after hearing a description of the tortures the wretched horses (blindfolded) endure at the horns of the Andalueians it is quite refreshing to discover that bull-fighting is not all fun for the matadors and other persons with pictureeque names and flaunting attire who indulge in it. From Spain comes au interesting story of a skilful toreador who wagered that he would 6itin achairand, sword in hand, await the onslaught of seven hundredweight or so of enraged beef, and lay it out neatly at one blow. He made a mistake in delivering his thrust, however, with the consequence that the bull inserted his horn under the toreador's chin, and lifted off his countenance. And it also appears that Frascuelo, the celebrated bull-fighter, whose ribB were broken by a smart bull, who ripped open his side and felt around for the toreador's gizzard for some time before he could be rescued, is lying in a dangerous condition. This is as it should be. It isn't a fair fight unless both parties have some sort of show, and the dapper bull-fighters would soon fhid the interest drop out of the game if once the bulls got clever enough to let daylight into a few of the best of them. As at present arranged, the bulls and the horses seem to enjoya monopoly ot being gored and slashed and stabbed, and it is time that Taurus began to get even with his persecutors. OLYMPUS. 