SIELBOURPbX E NOTES (FROM OUn OWN CORRESPONDEPT.} Monday, October 8, 1888. The principal subject of discussion as was, expected during last week was the Electoral Bill, but though most of the members of the Assergbly held forth on the question the " adjonrnent-o. Thursday- night. The reception which the Bill met with was any thing but friendly,, hardly a. single member saying a word for it, those. who expressed their .::tention of supporting the second reading telling the Government pretty plainly that if all does not go in committee. as they like-they will vote against the third read ing. Mr Bent has entered, into a compact with the. head of the. Government that a division, shall be taken on Tuesday,, but it is not the first time that the rank and file of the Opposition have refused to carry out the promises of the chief, so that it is not at all certain when the vote will be taken. Some very suggestive speeches were made. in the course of the debate. While the city members generally complained of the peculiar rules which had been followed in the altera tion of the boundaries the members represent ing country constituencies were very eloquent about the extensive correspondence which they had to carry on in carrying out the views. of their constituencies._ This state of things seems to suggest that much of the business is private rather than public. The Exhibition has been well attended during the week, the fine weather consider ably helping in the result. People from the country are now flocking in in large numbers and with those who are already coming here for the races the city keeps pretty full. The concerts at the great show are growing in, popularity, and it is consequently not always certain that persons who so desire will. be able to be present on any given evening. We are to have quite an incursion of Ballarat juveniies this week and next. On the 11th a special train is to bring down two thousand, on the 24th another train, which has been specially chartered, will bring down a similar number, while another large consignment will be brought here on the 26th. We reached the highest pitch of excite ment on Saturday last in reference to the land sale mania. There were nearly seventy sales and for these the RailwayCcnmmissioners found it necessary to provide trains for fifty. SoPn - :tei- wh-con c4d 1 t efadvcrtiis miients for.these sales are more energetic than. judicious. The last idea is to produce por traits of a number of statesmen who would have liked to be there, and in the middle of the group is gfvePn that of the late Earl Beaconslield. They might just as well have included the ghost in Hamlet. An accident which shows what escapes some people have while under the influence of liquor occurred at Toorak on Friday night. Two gentlemen, who were going from Government douse to. the residence of the Hon. F. Ormondl, hired a hansom cab to make the journey. The cabman was under the influence of liquor, and as he was not going right they dismissed him fortunately for themselves. He turned down towards, the river, and getting off the track, horse, cab and, driver- went down a precipice over SO feet high. Nothing was heard of the turn out till the following morning, when the driver was found on a ledge by the river, the horse having in a miraculous manner got over on to the opposite bank after leav ing hair on, various stumps in his descent of the cliff. The hansom was completely smashed, the remains of it being found this morning further down the stream. The University boat race, which.took place on.the TYarra on Saturday hist, though not attended as we may expect to see them. attended when the events, which are to be annunali become more known, drew a fair number of persons to the river. For the first time crews representing ,Melbourne Ade laide and Sydney took part. Melbourne proved too good for their opponents, Adelaide only getting within five boats length of them, and Sydney being much further away. No. 7 in the Sydney crew broke an oar, which may in some measure acount for their position. The calendar of the Criminal Sessions for this month has a very dark look from a colonial point of view. Twenty-six prisoners were arraigned, all being natives of Aus tralia, fourteen belonging to Victoria. The bulk oif thecharges were assault and robbery. In the. case of two of them sentences for robbery with violence were awarded seven years.with fifteenlashes each. The.3Melbourne Hunt Club meeting, which begins a series of important race meetings, took-place at Flemington on Saturday. The weather was favorable and the attendance was good.. In the Selling race, which was the first on the programme, only two candi dates faced the starter, Clarendlon and St. Albert, the former winning by a length and a half. For the hurdles ten started, Lepor rello being, first, Woodhine second, and 3Maroney.third. Fearless won the Hunt Cup beating Karrung, Dollar and seven others. For the FIat Race, Fishwife, Tourbillon and Blue Bell:came in in that order, while in the Steeplechasethe places were filled by Irish man, COriosity and Bcadsman II. In this event Royal Oak broke his neck. The Corin thian Flat race was won by Whisperer from I Blue ~Hell and Oxford; A new hat does not take the shine offan old coat. When a groccr retires from business he -reighs less than he did before. Talk is cheap, except where you hire a !swyer to do it for von. 