DESTRUCTION OP RABBITS. If rabbiis are not to become us oxtinct as the moag, as far as Australia is con cerned, it will not be through the fault of legislators or seiontiats, neither through that of Hirers ingenious persons who are daily hurl i"i! manuscripts at the head? of the members of jhe ltabbit Board at present sitting ia bydney. lhe number of elaborate essays set ling forth the best plans for exterminating the rodent cannot be at present estimated; bui< the weight of the paper on whioh i.hi*y uro written amountB to something near a couple of stones. 'Xhe board purpose deputing one or moro of tho number to carefully peruse these interesting docu ments ut an early date, and to report on the nature of the schemes suggested by divers patriotic persons who bad devised them for the. public good and the bonus of £25,000 pleasantly combined. Just now the corpses of rabbits which have died from cutaneous or intestinal disorders are undergoing careful examination through the medium of almost every scientific instrument the name of which ends with "scope." Parasites of all kinds are having rather a happy time of it, for instead of giving up the ghost owing to their having destroyed their grazing grounds, ex* ternal and internal, as far as rabbits are concerned they are to be carefully removed to other pasturage, inside or outside cattle, sheep, hogs, and other domestic creatures, partly to find out how they thrive under a change of diet and partly to discover how the animals who, provide it get ou with their new ac quaintances. It clearly is all over with the rabbits if the parasites get at them, and no one has much.sympathy with the rabbits ; but one would have au uncommon amount with all other forms of animated nature, not actually vermin, if they got off as badly as the rabbits are expected to do. A peculiar feature, however, about the plans invented by all these ingenious extir pators. of rabbits .** that they more or less suggest the iuocuiaii<-u of disease, and though the latter are prepared to take any number of affidavits if necessary that it caunot be con tracted by any other animal but a rabbit, the commission very properly decline taking these asseverations for more than they are worth. It is, however, satisfactory to find that they do specify to some extent in a general way what the nature of the disease is, and this gives scientific persons a chance of testing its merits as an exterminator. The difficulty, however, is to spread it sufficiently. "First catch your hare," says Airs. Glass; and " first catch your rabbit," say the exterminators; and not one rabbit, but some. thousands of them. Such be ing the case, it would perhaps be as well to kill them at once when you do catch them. So thinks oue gentle man, who says that he is a chemist, and he sends the followiug unique method of doing so, which isgiveu vorbatim et literatim, as the whole force of his remarks would be in jured if he were not allowed to speak in pro fessional vernacular. This is what he save : " My plan is to appoint certain places where the rabbits will come aud die when they can be skinned! by men without tho slightest danger to the men's health, or hands even with cuts. After skinning tho rabbits can be thrown luto a trench and covered with soil; by this means the air will be free from taint. We will suppose it the place up. pomteri for the rabbit to die, there will lie 2,500,000, the akiua at threepence oaoli. I do not think that au over-estimate of value the amount would be £31,250. Now we shall look at the trench where the rabbits nre buried and see what value is there. We have a compost heap of animal matter aud vegetable earth. Take the rabliits at evou 7lbs. each, which will givo 17,500,000 lbs., add equal amount of earth, whioh will give us 35,000,000 lbs. of fertilizer, valued at £1 per ton. which is a moderate valuation, tint will amount to £17,SCO. Hero we have from one station rabbit skins £31,500. Fertilizer £l/,500. Total £4S,750. The cost of erect ing one station will be £4 and that of ap pliances £4. Tho appliances will only be required for throe mouths and may bo sold at little less than cost, and iu oases whero water may be had conveniently will not bo required at all. Only one man will bo' re quired to work three stations." Now a mail who will undertake to give a clear profit to the country of £13,500 after payment of the reward to himself, »t an out lay of only £8, is not to be picked up every day. This chemist can do it, ho says, if he can only get the rabbits to come to certain, places appointed by the Government, and published, we presume by advertisement, '. ia the Government Gazette, and at least one local paper," according to usage; so that the rabbits may know where to come. When they do nrrive it will lie all over'With'the plague nt once. The secret he does not impart as to how he is to muster the rabbits to the number he says of two and and n-hnlf millions for the purpose of slaughter,, nor does it Feeiu likely that the udvertisini; plan would suit, since if the rabliits were capable of.renuing the invitation akin to that of tho old woman in the nursery tale to her ducks, ." Dilly 1 Dill; I Come nnd be killed," it is probable that tiny would also have the sense to slop away. However, perhaps this is carrying the scheme to an absurdity by mis representation. We {Echo) unfortunately aro not iu n position lo give the name of tho author of this remarkable scheme, neither to say more than that it has been handed us by a gentleman who knows that it enmo before the commission ; but there is one significant fact to gleau from the manuscript, aud that it that it beats date April 19th. The moon changed on that day ; . 