Northern Territory Times PALMERSTON: SATURDAY, APRIL 28. Messrs. H. H. Adcock and V. V. Brown having been nominated as candidates for the vacancies in the District Council, without their knowledge or consent, have advertised requesting their friends to abstain from voting for them. On Saturday last the s.S. " Tannadice " moved the " Belle of South Esk'a " moorings one length to the westward. It was found that the old moorings of the hulk would be in the way of vessels lying at the Govern- ment moorings off the end of the railway pier. At the bow meeting held on Thursday last, Miss Foelsche scored the first win for the Hon. J. C. F. Johnson's prize, with a score of 31. She will be handicapped for future competitions for that prize by the loss of the white ring. Mr. F. C. Ward increased his score for the champion prize to 122. Messrs. Mular Bros, have at last succeeded in rescuing the large Government crane and their own smaller one from their watery beds, and have got them on to the approach to the railway pier. The small crane is not very badly damaged, but a .portion of the large one cannot be replaced until the necessary castings are obtained from Hong- kong or Sydney. On Friday evening, 13th inst., about 10 o'clock, the shock of an earthquake was felt through the township. The motion seemed to be travelling from west to east, and lasted several seconds. So great was the movement while it lasted that in several instances it shook movable articles off shelves, but we have not heard of any more serious damage having been done. At the nomination of candidates for the two vacant seats in the Palmerston District Council, on Monday last, six candidates were proposed, viz. : H. H Adcock, V. V. Brown, T. H. Harwood, R. A. Ker, G. W. Martin, and J. J. Symes. There being more candidates than required, further pro- ceedings were adjourned to Monday next, when a ballot will be taken. \- On Saturday night last about 11 o'clock, information was /¿iven to the police that a dying Chinaman had been carried by his countrymen into the scrub and left to die. M.-C Smith proceeded to the spot, and fouud the man covered with sheets of bark, and still alive. He went for Dr. Bovill, but by the time he reached the place, about 12.30 a.m. on Sunday, the man was dead. Apost- mortemexaminatiouwas made, andan inquest held on Sunday, when a verdict in accordance with the medical testimony was returned, that the man, who was suffering from pericarditis, had had his death accelera- ted by being moved from Wing Wah Loong's store into the bush, and that Fat King, who ordered his removal, was responsible for his death. Fat King was immediately arrested. The place where the sick man was laid was about 100 yards off Cavenagh-street, near the track to the railway yard. The pending bye-election of councillors to SU the two vacant seats in the Palmerston District Council, has evoked an unusual amount of interest. Although the term for which they will be elected will only be about a month, or until the annual election in June next, six nominations have been received. We understand that this warmth of feeling is the outcome of the Council's action in letting to a Chinese contractor the clearing of streets, &c.; fur £75, while a European tendered to do the work for £79 18s. 6d. It may be also looked upon as a protest against the letting of tenders for any municipal works whatever to Chinese. With the largely extended powers conferred by the new District Council Act, we want capable practical men in the Council, men who will not consider their duty to the town and their fellow ratepayers done when they have attended the prescribed number of meetings, but who will add to that the practical knowledge of the wants of the town, acquired by actual personal observa- tion and enquiry, and who will be willing to sacrifice a little personal comfort and time for the general good. On Sunday last the Rev. Edward Young- man assumed the charge of the Wesleyan Church in Palmerston. In the evening he gave his induction address, basing it on the text contained in the 19th and 20th verses of the 28tb chapter of St. Matthew, " Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the »Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com- manded you ; and lo I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world." In the course of his address the reverend gentleman said that he always looked upon his appoint- ments as having been designed by the Al- mighty. In this case . he felt that. this church is specially his charge, and he felt a special iuterest in it, because about ten years ago he had paid a passing visit to Pal tncrston on b's way to China, where he had spent two years, and this no doubt had been a determining factor in hi3 present appoint- ment. He intended to sink the minister in the man. He did not wish to make them Episcopalians, or Presbyterians, or Metho dists, but Christians, without any reference to denomination. He intended to try to preach to them the Gospel of Christ, the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. His predecessor had enjoyed their confidence, respect, and support, and if he did the same he would be very well content, and hoped that during his stay hero he would be able to teach them a practical Christianity that they could take into their every day life. If he succeeded, his time would have been well spent. The Port Darwin Rifle Club will meet at the range, at 3 p.m. to-day, to practise firing at the 200 and 300 yards ranges. The Palmerston Rifle Club will continue the competition for Jensen's trophy, at the 500 and 600 yards ranges, .to-day. Firing to commence at 2.30 sharp. The "Fleetwing" left the harbour on Thursday' for Shoal Bay. She had a cargo of about, thirty tons of machinery, Ac., for Brandt's Plantation. The following quantity of gold waa brought down per escort this week. For Port D** win, 850 ounces. For Southport, 36 o Total, 886 ounces. Sun Mow Loong, who has undertaken the duty of collector for the Chinese Hospital, Ac., informs as that he hu headed the 'list himself with £60, and that he has already additional promises which bring the totalst» a little over £400. One of Messrs; Millar Bree, male driven, imported with the mules per " Catterthun " from America, has been severely kicked in the stomach. The man waa taken to the Palmerston Hospital. Millar Brother's steamer .* Active " left on Tuesday last for Melbourne via iting George's Sound. Directly after leaving toa railway pier, when abreast of Fort Point, aha was boarded by a party of absconders inia waterman's boat. Our too confiding store- keepers have to moura the flitting tftheionr or five persons who boarded1 her that morning. " '' The Palmerston Rifle Club postponed its meeting from Saturday last till to- day» owing to the cricket match Reds v. Brae being fixed for the former date. Notwith- standing this consideration, the cricketer» showed a great want of punctuality, and' the match was started more than half an hour late with two or three men short on each side. ' " "* ' * A Palmerston Resident telegraphed, to Mr. A. R. Addison, one of the candidato» for the No. 4 Northern District as follows* " Wire distinct deliverance re - Chines» question," to which he received this reply ? " Won't admit Chinese at any price." We think it likely that Mr. Addison will be on» of the candidates selected to be supported by the electors of the Northern Territory! It wonld greatly strengthen the hands of the District Council, and help towards avery much needed reform, if the various European storekeepers would impress on their Chines» coolies that hand and sack trucks must not be run along the footpaths, but on the road». At present they carefully avoid the roads, because they are too dusty, and ran on in» footpaths. A little more of this thing wiD make the footpaths as bad as the reads. - On Thursday night last, while Mr. O'Donoghue, the mate of the schooner "Pearl," who had been ailing for two or three days, was lying in a semi- soinnoleût state in the tent at the foot of Fort -Aal occupied by Captain James, and himself ¿'he saw three blackboys come into the tent, on» after the other, and hep themselves ~to copious nobblers of square from a bottle of A.V.H. that had been secreted in the tent. Captain James made an attempt to seise the last boy,- but he got away ; in chasiug theo round Fort Hill he cut his foot'rather badly. It is believed that the blackboy», were som» of those who returned here with the pearling fleet from Western Australia« : '?' A movement is on foot among the Chinese merchants, to establish, an, (hospital for Chinese. The action . of. .ther. jury on Suuday last, and of the \ Magistrate on Tuesday morning, in committing for trial the prisoners charged with hastening the deaths of the Chinamen who died on Siwday and Monday mornings, seems to have opened their eyes to the fact that it is too dangerous a game to play in a civilized commuuity, and that it will be cheaper to provide propiar hospital accommodation for their sick people than to turn them' out in the bush to die, and then undergo a term of imprisonment as a reward for their charity and humanity. Feeling that the position of affairs in regard to the sick and destitute Chinese in the Nor* thern Territory demanded that some step» should be taken to endeavour to améliorât» their condition, and relieve the authorities of the unpleasant necessity, thatj has so fre- quently existed lately, of prosecuting offen* ders against the laws that compel, the proper housing, and attention to the, sick and infirm in our country, no matter what their race, or condition, Mr. Knight ¡placed the matter before several of the leading Chinese mer» chants in Palmerston, with. the result that a public meeting was held in the Joss House on Thursday evening last.. Mr. Knight.wa» present, and offered several suggestions.on - the subject-to the meeting. A good deal. of. desultory -.discussion ensued,, and it wa» finally resolved to form a Chinese Society to be called " The Chinese Sick Relief Society," with the. following objects :-*. 1st.-To establish a hospital for the reception and treatment of the . sick and. infirm. 2nd.-To afford out door relef to destitute persons.. 3rd. -To promote sanitary reform. The Society will be managed by a Committee of influential Chinese Merchants, and is to be quite independent of Government aid. It i» hoped that the Government will grant a suit- able «ite for the erection of tho building ; if not, a piece of ground will be leased for th» purpose. A subscription list was opened in the room, and several liberal contribution» were promised. It is intended to raise the) funds and erect a building with all possible despatch. 