u ®|jc SUifrcrtiscc: )) Sc **,wI S2ci,€>,Siot TU U USD Ay, AUGUST 23th, ISOS. THE PARTING OF THE WAYS. History affords many remarkable examples of the manner in which tho passions and intellects of men have been dominated by fancies. At times some idealistic craze lias seized upon otherwise perfectly sano and sober-minded men, and turned them from the practical grooves of life into fantastic aud delusive mazes. If the idea itself was surrounded by the deceptive halo of a pseudo philanthropy which appealed powerfully to sentimental instincts, if it aroused that popular enthusia which often subordinates reason and reflection to impulse and fancy, it might so over-inaster the minds of its dis ciples as to render them tempor arily what the Americans, with their versatility in neologistio innovation, designate by the mild term u cranks.’’ A remark able work intituled “ Extraor dinary Popular Delusions ” shows that among the various forms of i mania that have afflicted mankind, | there havo been some so wild ancl | extravagant as to resemble an [ epidemic in their symptoms and effects. The search for the philoso pher’s stone and the elixir of life, and, in more modern times, the South Sea. Bubble and the Tulip Mania, wore striking examples of tho over-mastering in Huence of an attractive delusion. The Free trade Mania of Cobdk.v and Bright was another. Though the results ot the doctrines preached by theso two illustrious and self deluded enthusiasts havo been disastrous to the British nation, though their oracularly uttered prophecies havo been dismally falsified, and though almost every nation in Europe as well as the most enterprising and prosperous in other quarters of the world have scouted the sophistries of free trade as misleading and per nicious, thoro are still, even iu this progressive and practical age, a small and fast diminishing re rnant who cling to exploded fallacies with tho tenacity of ivy to an ancient ruin, and resurrect long dead aud but icd mummies of old beliefs as if they were living realities. Aud the wonder is thal they mako somo converts. The Argus, which belongs to this school of mental resurrectionists, is constantly engaged iu the con genial occupation of galvanising into momentary and evanescent motion tho poor old corpses of buried ideas, and the sharp-witted people who partly thrive on tho weakness and follies of their fellow men use tho journal istic glamour as a cloak to cover from public scrutiny worldly schemes for their own profit and advancement. They re semhlo tho skilful general who covers a manoeuvre with tho stnoko of artillery, or au adroit conjuror who conceals Ids hanky panky with a mixture of patter and cabalistic signs. There has grown up of late years in this colony a new cult which preaches tho doctrine of Intercolonial Federation. Its numbers aro insiguificant but its fussiness and arrogance aro inde fatigable and unbounded. It con sists for the most part of a select band of freetraders, wlio attempt todisguiseithcir political icouaclosm under tlie cloak of a spurious patriotism ; of protectionist mono polists like Mr Steinfeld, who have absorbed all the space protection there is, and want to leave nono for anybody else; and ot visiona ries and dreamers who are carried away by poetical longings after a national ideal which belongs to the distant future. The argu ments by which these peculiar people seek to make proselytes to their still more peculiar views, are of the most monstrous charac ter. They seek to attain an exalted national ideal through an unpatriotic injustice. They would sacrifice a great part of the people of Victoria, the people who iiave nurtured and enriched and honoured them, for a mere idea. “ Perish the producers ot Vic toria,” they exclaim, “ perish tho wheatgrowers, the graziers, ruin the thousands of happy homes, drive tho people from tho soil, but give us this grand universal panacea—Federation.” The price they demand for this aspiration, which .as yet is but poet’s dream, is tho absoluto surrender of our stock markets to New South Wales and Queensland. That a few score of capitalists who dine atScott’s, or Menzie’s, or luxuriate in the aristocratic elegance of the Melbourno Club may wax rich and lusty 100,000 of the prime of the manhood of Victoria, and their sons who will inherit the fruits of their labour and thrift, must go. The Victorian grazier pays 3s in land tax on tho area that feeds a sheep ; the Kiverina squatter pays nothing ; the rental value of an acre of grazing land in j Victoria is as much as that of a square mile in Queensland and j New South Wales; the Victorian I grazier pays 7s railway freight on I an article which is carried to Mel bourne for a Eiverina squatter for 3s; and yet the Victorian grazier is told that he'mnst seek consola tion in a party phrase for the sacrifice of his own domestic mar kets to New South Wales. The people who tell the Victorian far mer this do not even attempt to deny that his claim is ‘"logical and strong.” Mr De.yKin, who is the oracle of federation,goes even further. He admits that an in creased stock tax would not render meat dearer to the consumer; lie concedes that by the fostering aid of protection the Victorian stock owners could in a little time sup ply the domestic market without imports from outside; ho even goes so far as to confess that the • voice of tho country is in favour of increased duties on stock and cereals, but having thus virtually admitted the whole case, and left no basis for refusing the demand, ho winds up by contending that it ought not to be granted. It- is j really a waste of words to arm- j with people of this sort. When a man forsakes the plain beaten track of common-sense, and "oes fiomuleriug about in a morass in pursuit of a will-o’-the-wisp called , hederation, he must excuse us if I we decline to follow him. It only gives riso to the sad reflection that even the most promising j politicians and apparently level- ■ headed men are liable at times to be temporarily led away by an i'jnusfatuus in the form of a peti eal aspiration. But why are the KJO.OOO farmers and graziers asked to immolate themselves be fore the simttlacrum of an altar of patriotism ? What equivalent sacrifices does Mr Deaki.v invite the other 900,000 Victorians to make ? Absolutely none. They are not even asked* to relinquish any portion of the excessive pro portion of advantages resulting from the protective policy which they now possess. Instead of that the Budget proposes to give them more, [’he arguments "in favor of Federation as put by Mr Deakin are the most illogical and monstrously unjust it is "pos sible to conceive. Slightly alter ing the words of the American humourist, the argument of tho Federalists may be stated thus : ‘^Ves, Sir, we want Intercolonial Federation, and tho truo . patriot lias got to make sacrifices. I have already, given two cousins to 1’ ederntion, and 1 stand ready to sacrifice my wife’s brother rather’n not see tho Stock Tax crusht; and it wuss comes to wuss, I’ll shed every drop of blood my able bodied relations has got to prosc koot Federation.” “ You shall have Federation or starve,” is tlio cry of its ad%‘ocates. But what will he the uso of Federation to 11)0,000 starved out farmers and graziers ' JI.msK l’.uiuu;.— It will I,,, noticed by an advertisement that the annual horse parade at Katamlra will be held on Satur day next. L’.Aili inst. l’l.orcmsr, Match.—Mr \V. J. Brad shaw, the lion, secretary, informs us that the Gou-angnrdic, Caniambo and Currawa ploughing Match will be lu-ld on tilth September next. Stock Salks. — Messrs S. McDonald and Co. will bold their next stock sale at Itushworth on Saturday next. Also a special sale of horses consisting of heavy and medium draughts, saddle and light harness horses, broken and unbroken, on September tith. , lotvMjmr A i.l,o tmknts.—The sale ad vor* Used by Messrs 'i’umley ami Inglis for Wednesday next Ins been postponed until briday, , th September. Saluk of Stock.—..Messrs J. If. Teague and Co. will bold their next special sale of sheep at Murchison on Tuesdav, till September. The same linn will also hold a special horse sale at Xagambie on Friday, 7th Septemlier. YY ATtnwoitKs Loan*. — We notice in the Gazette that the application of the Shire of Shepparton Waterworks Trust for an additional loan of six thousand six hun dred and twenty-one pounds sterling ((.'ll,IUI) for the purpose of constructing new works, and improving the existing works of tlie said AVatcrworks Trust, in conformity with the detailed statement in that bolmlf, dated the 10th dav of Decern her 18S7, has been approved. Unforeseen DrEs-icui-TiEi.— KailW!,7 management is like newspaper editing, th^ easi eft matter in the world to tin out«'i<ier" but it is doubtful if even the severest amongst Mr Speight’s critics would eart; tackle the job of bossing matters in such co untrics as Capo Colony where, in the annual report, the management expl-,;33 that returns on a certain line h,ilt material!y lessened through the expc-ns. in the way of repairs caused by elephants] T/n's luckless railway is, it seems, built in an elephant country, and these gentle creatures do not recognise any feucino law. Consequently they walk through the fences and rip up the track whenever it bo pleases them, causing tr.ml.le and Px. pense to the directors, iic.e we write paragraphs when a vagi ant cow comes to grief in front of an engine, or an in. quisitive bird breaks a window, but even a Windsor accident news is tame compared w th the account of a fight between a rail way engine and a herd of elephants, 'Pr.it engineeis on the American overland route who miss the excitement they used to have when the Indians of die plains would lassoo an engine might well emigrate to South Africa, where an encounter . ;ill elephant or a hou or two would add a spice to railway life unknown in more civilised countries. Shei-i-arton Cricket Cluii.—Tim an. nual meeting of this club is aunoum eg bo held at Lowman's lintel on Thursday next, 30th inst., at 8 pin. All members are requested to put in an appearance, as some important business is to be brought forward. MooroopnA UosriTAL.—Applicants for the oiiieo of collector to the above insti tution arc reminded that their applications must Ire sent in betorc Saturday next, -J'.th Building Society.—Those gentlemen who arc interested in the formation of a building society in Slieppurton should bear in mind the meeting to be held at M’Cracker's Hotel, to-morrow (Friday) evening at 8 o’clock. Accident to an Engineer.—.James K. Topliam, engineer, of Violet Town, while alighting from a railway carriage (which was in motion at the time) at the Violet Town station on Friday, missed his footing, and was thrown to the around so violently that his shoulder was dislocated. He was brought to the Wangaralta Hospital soon after the accident, and is recovering. Licensing Court.—The usual quarterly licensing court for the districts of Shcp partou. Moira, and Mooroopna will be held at the Courthouse, Sliepparton, on Wednesday, September 3(1, at 10 a.m. Cocr.sixo.—A coursing meeting, under the auspices of the Devenish Coursing Club, was held on Wednesday and Thurs day last, and passed off very successfully. Eighteen dogs were entered, the winner being Pr Davies’ (IJenalla) Auctioneer, Mr V agg’s Hard Times being runner-up. There w as a large attendance of spectator.--. Hires wre plentiful and strong, and the courses generally were good. Tne settling up took place at Mr Cahill s hotel, when the health of the winners was drunk and a very pleasant evening was passed. Banquet to the Yeuetairk Products Commission.—A communication has been received by Mr J. F. Lcvicu, M.L.A., president of the Uoyal Commission on Vegetable Products, from Mr F. . V Wippcll, stating that he had been deputed on behalf of a committee nppohited at a public meeting of the residents o' the Mooroopna district to invite the members of the commission, together with the secretary, to a banquet iqiccially organised as a mark of appreciation of the invaluable services the labors of the commission have conferred on the agriculturists of the colony. It is proposed that the l>-liquet be held on or about the 12ta September Serious Accident.—A serious scaffold ing accident occurred in Nutnurkah on Saturday morning at the now brick church in com se of erection for the Wesleyan body. Four bricklayers were working on a platform about loft from the ground, when, without any warning whatever, one of the cross-beams gave wav and precipi tated them to the ground. Three of the men escaped unhurt, but the other one, an old man named George Cleeves, landed heavily, ami sustained serious injuties. He fell in a sitting position, and the violence of the concussion caused an entire paraly sis of the lower extremities. The sufferer wa3 taken to the residence of the contrac tors. Messrs Nicholson Bros., and Pr Westbrook attended tohis injuries. N'obones were broken, but the spine is in a bad way, aud the patient is very low. In addition to the fall the unfortunate man sustained a nasty blow ou the head from a hod which fell on him from aI>ove. The escape of the other workmeu is little short- of miraculous, n3 they fell together among the bricks and timber that were under the saffold ing.—Stau-tir-i. Kailwat Matters.—the Bailway De partment are building a siding at Bilmattum, between Kuroa and Violet Town, an-1 they also intend to erect another at Bourke’s Hill, between Violet Town aaml llaidaginnie. This is for the purpose of giving increased facilities to those farmers and others who are in the habit of sending dairy produce to the Melbourne markets. SiiEi-e.vRToN Literakv and Debating Society.—At last Friday night's meeting of this newly-inaugurated society, it was decided that the officers should interview thc committee of the Mechanics’ Institute and ascertain if they were agreeable to allow of non-subscribers to the institute being admitted member.! of the debating society. A meeting of the Mechanics' Institute committee was held on Monday evening, when it was resolved to comply with the request alluded to, non-niemivrs of the Mechanics’ to pay a higher subscrip tion. The committee also very generously gave the free use of the large room, with gas aud a fire, for the meetings of the literary and debating society. The unlv trilling expense ti be borne by the s.viety will be the printing of the programmes or syllabus. To-morrow night (Friday) the members of the debating 'society will hold their first regular meeting, when the rules as drawn up by the committee will be sub mitted for adoption, asylUbus drafted, and other business transacted. The presence of gentlemen intending to join the society 13 iuvited. Canton Dramatic Cr.rn.—The domestic drama, in 2 acts. “ Kent-Day, or Tenants at the Mercy of A'illaius" (Douglas Jern-hl), and the highly-amusing eouicdy, •* Milky White," has been selected by" the akive club for representation at the Public Halt towards the end of next month. The pro ceeds are to go to the Shepp-.uion Fire Brigade and the Mechanics’ Institute. Wild Does.—The BeiiaUa .Sl-m-iarl writes :—The farmers in the Samaria aud Toombullup districts have during this winter suffered considerably fiom the depredations of dingoes. One w as notic'd last week at the farm of Mr Wright two nights in succession, the first night taking two ducks, and the next night he was observed at the hen roost. No bail have the wild dogs become in this district tii it some of the farmers have had to give up the idea entirely of keeping sheep. The Travelling Dairy.—Mr Craw, ford’s intnesting work with the Govern ment travelling dairy i drawing large numbers of farmers and their wives t" the show- grounds at Yarrawonga. The morn ing of each day is mainly taken up by the cream separator, which provides tile cream for churning first thing in the after noon. The latter process occupies s'liii’ thing like an hour, when the butter is ready for the churning apparatus, which also extracts the remainder of the milk from the butter and works in the required amount of salt. The cleaning machine dr-ea its work in about half an hour, when the butter is made into pats and is ready for the table or the market. Although the operations are somewhat tedious to the onlookers, those who are concerned in dairy farming are both edilied and vastly enlightened in the art of rapid and effi cient 1.utter-making as it is now carried out under the modern progressive system, i he (act that utter the cream leaves the separator the timo absorbed in turning it into butter can lie calculated definitely and brought within a very short period. Whether the weather is Lot or cold, or whether the process be conducted inside a house or in the open air, is in itself a re markable achievement, and at once does away with all the hard work and weary— sometimes futile—churning in vogue among the generality of farmers and small dairymen. The cream separator is, of course, the ‘‘ piece de resistance" of tiie plant, and cannot hut excite the highest admiration. 1 ! The Watf.u Tower.—The brickwork of the tower for tho Shepparton Urban Water work* Trust having been completed, a start hM now been made with the iron work of tho tank, and tho sounds of riveting, hammering, &c.;, will soon re vorberatc over the locality. Katamatite Cemetery.—In the balance sheet of tho above for the year 18SG we notice that the receipts, including a balance of i713s od, were £12 13, 5d, and the offico expenses 3s Id, leaving a balance of r!\ *^8? tho receipts were £2 10s, which with the before mentioned balance, makes £15 Ob Id. The expenses were 10s Cd, leaving a credit balance at tho end of the year of £14 »s 7d. Social.—Mr. Richard Lowman, tlio late proprietor of the wall-known Shopparton Hotel, invited his friends to partako of a parting glass of •• lisz,” prior to his depar ture from Shopparton; and, on Tuesday evening, some thirty gentlemen assembled m the large room of the hotel in response to the invitition, tho gathering being pre sided over by Mr. A. F. II me, J.p The chairman proposed the health of Mr. Low man m very flattering terms, referring to tho kindness and attention at all times ex tended to residents of Shopparton and visitors by their late host, as well as his straightforward dealings during his twelve months’ occupancy of the hotel. The toast having been drunk with musical honours (Dr. Flo ran co presiding at the piano), Mr. t.owman thanked the company in a brief but pithy Bpcech. Tho health of Mrs. Lowman and family followed, and Drs. McKenna and Florancc, Messrs. F Haymcs, J. Coldwell, E. Moore, A. K Rowe, A. Mein, J. Cuttea, \V. CaFanderi J. G. McKinney, and other gentlemen testi fied to the high resi-oct entertained for Mrs. Lowman, not only for her ladylike bearing hut also lor licr sociable ami hos pitable qualities; and all regrettd the departure of Mr. and Mrs. Lowman. “ Suc cess to the Shopparton Hotel,’’ “The Press," and " The Chairman,” were pro posed and responded to. Between tho toasts vocal selections, recitations, &c;„ were rendered, and helped to enliven tho proceedings, which concluded at the silent solemn hour when graveyards yawn and ghosts troop forth with tho singing of “ Auld Lang Syne.” Luring the evening Mr. Lowman introduced his successors, Messrs. Bell and Nicholson, and asked for them the same liberal patronage as was aocorded him, ns he felt confident both gentlemen would strive hard to deserve it. Mr. _ Bell, in a few appropriate remarks, replied, stating that he and liis partner would be quite satisfied to merit a small portion of tho support and esteem held by Mr. Lowman. 