WkzMtzk The Pastoral Finance, Trust, nod Agency Company of AuBtralasia has been now foraaed, with head offices at 55, Blaxgaret street, Sydney. The Port Darwin line wa*re3torsd at S p.m. on Sunday. A man who waslost in the bush foe four dayB cut the wire. Tbe mail was found alive, but in a very exhausted condition, Tbe railway revenue for the week endei November 3, 1S88, was £1S,638. and that for the corresponding week in 18Sr £L4,129; showing an increase this year of £4,559, Mrs. Elizabeth Gooding, of Grenf ell- street, informs as that her name was onutted from onr recently published list of passengers ia the ship Pestonjee Bomanjee which arrived hera on October 12, 1833. A Gazette Extraordinary was i^snad on Wedneeday sppointing the GLou. S. J. Way administrator ot the province during tha temporary eb3Pnce from tha coloay- of his ISxcellency Sir W. C. F. Robinson. 3VEr. Giles will move in the- House oF Assembly on November 21 — 'That in the opinion of this House a Iin9 of railway ehoiild be constructed to connect Port Germeia with the Port Pirie and Gladstone iins ot railway.' Sir Alfred Stephen, liientenaot- Governor of New Soath Walep, who has been on a visit to Chief Justice Way, at MonteSore, for t lie last two or three weeks, \zit for Melbourne ea route to Sydney by the express onWednaaday. Mr. W. C. Rigby has sent us tha November number of the Australian Journal, published in Melbourne, which, besides instalments of serial novels and a quantity of miecellaneoas readi&g;, contains A. L. Gordon's poem, ' ilaw we bf at the favorite.' The Smelting Company at the Dry Creek Smelting Works have received the following cable advice from their London agents, dated November 2 : — ' Standard silver, 3s. 7d. per cz , market firm ; soft Spanish lead, £13 7a. per ton, market firm.' By the steamer Adelaide, which sailed from Port Adelaide for Melbourne on Saturday afternoon, 171 passengers took their departure for tbe sister colony. Of this number 133 ware saloon passengers, the majority being intent on witnessing the Melbourne races. The Kail way Commissioners have had under their consideration the plans and estimates of cost of. the proposed new Adelaide rail way - station, and it is expected that their report will be banded to the Government ehortlyao tbat the matter- may be submitted to P^rlia me&t; this session^ Ail extraordinary general meeting cf Elder Smith, & Co, was held last week, at whioh resolutions passed at a previous meeting altering the articles of association in various W&yB; weie confirmed. Mr. It Birr Stmth pie&ideoy; ami there was an attendance (epra eenticg 24,020 shaves. Mr. E. W. Giles, one of the officers of the Audit Department who was sent to the Northern Territory fbr the pnrpoee'of enquiring into the accounts of the departments there, re-. turned to Adelaide by the steamer Gathrie on Thnrsday, after an absence from Adelaide of nearly four months. Mrs. M. Giiliard, wife of Mr. GiUiard, fore man for MeBsrs. H. Simpson & Sons, coal merchants, Port Adelaide, died at her resi dence, Bosewater, on Saturday morning from the effects of severe burnB wtuJsh. she received on the previous Tuesday evening. Dr. Toil gave a certificate of burial. Our Port Lincoln correspondent writes: — Mr. and Mrs. W. Kuseell have j oat celebrated their golden wedding. They arrived in the colony about March 10, 1840, in the ship Orissa, and are now respectively 72 and 70 years of age. They have five children; 28 grand children, and 15 great grand childern living. We regret to state that on Thursday, Novem ber l^.some dog or dogs -destroyed one of. the beautiful black swans on the Torrens Lake. Tiie bird did not come to its usual placa for the night, and upon being- sought for it^body was found in the lake at the rear ot the locomotive sheds in a terribly mutilated con dition. We ha va to record the death of A£r. John Croadey. a well -known coloaiss. Mr» Gross ley resided at Virginia, and had businesses at tbat place and at TvrdWelh vrhea these to wn ehrpB were- in an embryo- state, but .afterwards ^i*nt to Ararat, Mr. Grossley dime to Ade laide in 1£49. He leaves a widow, one eon, and two daughters... . ' .The Civil Service^mmissioa having reysotn mecded tha abolition of the eositioa. of. Depniy HegiatrarUeneral. of Births, Deathf. and MamageK MK J. Fi Cielaod, the ocsa psct of tbat office has applied to tbeGovern rneat for 12 months' leave ot absenca; ta which beh entitled. This- has been granted, aaeLhia . \- leave will begin from the 1st ot Janoary nattv 7 Tbe ialfr yearly. . meeting of tts JBa-t Adelaide Wharf Oomgany was held at the Campania offices, Bert, on Mondaji. Tbe balance sheet, which was adopted, ehowe.3.tbe gross earniogB for. the half ?'year to have been £521 .8si 4d., whiebi with a ba*am» of £280 ' 4s. 3d. from last year, made a tbtatof. £SOl 12s. 7d., Qufcuf wbiofe tim thir(det|itlividet)d. of 6s, per^hare was declared.. . . - W«: have rpceived from, Messrs. M.J. Qlarke and Co., of Eundle-Btafeet. a, aftmola of tbsic . half-crown packet of Gfhrietmas oarda. It. con tains no less than 4Q well assortcdlcards, which are- Best ' artistic prodnctioDs, aad' include eevexallof *high dasa; Itjnsy.be mentioned «&a;* ' carc(e intended (ti»tmad» in lfayjhmif sixooid be poatednPtUtBT than by, the mail leaving here on the 19th inet^ . A mec^QR ot the Newcastle ettike fund: i committee ,ol South. AusttaUa was held atths Sir Jchn Barieycorn Hotel on Friday week. Tbe presides* iof the TwrdeB^ndBatoorObmtcH liar, &m.;: Coneybawta) pterifledj «wtth9ie waa ftafjiie afttendmiQs.. Tta. suntcf £20 was received, and thp hon, seoietary (Mr. W» E. Robinpoo) was instmcted to.'fceward a draft for £W0 to Newcastle nextmoming, The mpnthly meeting of. tbe Soatb Aus tralian Teachers' AsaociafionwAa heia jh toe Orc^erfltteet Scnoo-JL ^n Sfttctraay iiroruing, when Miss-Jeffreys gave pweHcal illastratioss of the methodadoptaiinthfl 'Adelaide Saad ing-Bbeoto7' fox teacbing children their letters. AbontUOcotuitry'teaaheEsweriejtteaent^fls.ffell as a number of cfiildren, and at the. cpnclusioa a vote' of tfeankr was accordfcd to Miss Jtffreys. The followiEg orders were issued from tha Stafi-Offiee ob Wednesday-:— Officers for the enauicg weak— Major Harr^I, AB, ; tai B*ttelipn^.B., Captain Measeot, Iiiaateaafnt Twetdie, . The following nrpinotions are eanctioced from, this date ;^D Company, 2od Battalion, Corporal Eule. to be sergeant ; D Company, 2nd Battalion, Corporal NistrtfU to be sergeant; A Oompsny 2ad: Battalion, Corporal McSweene? to tusergeaak The Hon. W. Copley, M.I..C., and Messrs. T. Bnrgoyaa, E. Ward, and G. Giles, M.P.'e, wafted on^he Oommissioaar of Publio Works on November 1 aud nresenied a memoiial signed by. 17 persons, who. travel on the road between Yonta and Waakarioga, afking for repairs to be made to the rosd, wfaisb was Kpnesented to be in an almost impafsable condition. l!ae Gonamlaaioner pro. mised to get a report Sxom 3Uj?. Imns. Mr. E, N. C. Braddon, the newly -sippoint9d Agent-General for Tasmania, arrived in Ade laide from Melbourne by the express pnSat urday morning, and: during the day visited; various places of interest' in the city. Mr. Braddou, whoifrbrotfierio'4rie-jejebrated novelist, Mt»3 M. E. Bnddon.{MrJb MaxaeU). was tiie gnest of*Ir. K R. Pattoraatt^ateDepatyjEogineer. in-Cbief) at Largs Bay on, Sonday. . and pro. ceeded on board the mail steamer ia thu eyeo iDg. A fire took, place on Tqesday morning in a bedroom at the Old. Colonist Hotel, Angas Etreet. A quantity of bedding, some ladies' dresses, and. bedroom furniture were destroyed, to. the value of about £30. The actisg city coroner; (Mr* J, Nicholfor^)rjq%3eenaiiiie3, and found that.spme boys had been letting, off fire werifrta the neighborhood, apd that a ^-ark from them had probabiy set fire to tbecurtaias. He decided that it wa» unnecessary to hold » inquest. B An accident happened in the city on Wad esdfky to Mr. C. &.W. Gpi^ser, a raomjied cocBtftfcle.. la tryingta ejjop a Jwr&a; which oad bolted with a vehicle belonging to Mr. Spiller, of Mfwiyatville. his- own sbuesI caare m con tact «a-£ a kerhrf»ne, whioh oaossd it to fill, with M$ i&qt; m«k to apset tiift trap. Toe, trooper was at, once wnv«y^ to tt»e Adel^e BoerjjtaV where it. wag fpupji-that he wig npfc in & very dangerous, condition, pnt was batfly bort, Both trie horeee were, nmajured, hit tt« vehicle wtas tightly damagad and om. of' its wheels came ofi. The Dentecbe Verein and the Fottsshxitts Vereio haviDg decided to amalgaawteifl order to further their mutual . interaate, held a tcectiog at the National Hote1, Pirie atreet, on. Monday night, to consider the necessary arxa&graientB.; A plan £or carrying' oat the proposition was adopted, and a pteauni evening w&a; passed, eoags and apeeahe* being icdnjged in. Mr, Tannert was spoointed pre sident of the new club, Mr. linger vice president, aod Mr. S&holz; Becrfitary. There was a good attendance, and Mr. Nitschke Dreeided over the proceedings. Mr. H. P. Denton, the chief draugbtsraiH in the Lands Titles Office, has applied for four rncnthB' leave of absence, and iottmfttedhisia tention of resigning at tbe end of that parioi. Mr. Dfftton has bteiiconnecteiwiththeLanda TttJeg Office frcm its inception ia 1858, aqd. having eerved eoaceitferee or four years in tbe General Begistrj' Office previously, i» one of the oldest of our Civil servants. We undar &tasd; that be contemplates euieiing into business at Poxt Adelaide, It u aoi, we briifve, the intention of the Attorney- General to fill the vacancy caused by Mr. Danton'an tirercent. 'ADglo- Australian,' writing in thfl Euro' pean. Uaf says :— ' The Hughes professorship of. English literature at the Adelaide Uni versity,, after causing much competition here wfcen it was announced as vacant, has sow been closed by the reinstalment of the late occupant of the chair. This has naturally created not a little eurprae here, but it meat be, I think, highly gratifying to South Aus tralians to find such keen competition from the old country directly posts of this kind are announced as vacant. Miss Tomkinson, trie daughter of tbe well-known South Australian of that name, has arrived at Plymouth, Miss TomkinsoB has come over here to study art.' With reference to divorce the London Metho dist Fanes says — ' No sane man who valoea the stability of society would desire to maka divorce easy. Bat it is a grave question whether our divorce laws do not demand eerions alteration. It is an trojast provision which makes it needful for an injured woman to prove cruelty as well as adaltery bafore divorce is possible. Then there is the question whether in curable insanity or lite-long penal servitude ought cot to dissolve the mirriags tie. The subject is eo full of difficulties that many would ratter bear the ills they have than fly to others they know not of ; bat these are points that should not be lost sight of, and which at least are worthy of discussion.' Those specially interested in the supply of W3ter for Broken Hill will be glad to hear that tbe boring operations which were recently undertaken by Mr. J H. Horwood on account of tbe New South Wales Government have already met with a fair measure of unccass. The bore has been put down at the limestone quarries, Acacia Flat, about 9 miies- wast of Broken Hill, and up to the present ia supply of over 2,000 gallons per hour of really good' water has been tapped on boring into the hard limestone about 25 feet. The qrnalityof tbe water ia said to be quite equal to that of Stephen's Creek, s*id it will no doubt prove very welcome to the inhabitants of the mining town. The Jubilee Exhibition Skating Rink is about to be reopened under new management, tbe Commissioner of Public Worka having accepted the tender of Mr. S. Frearson for a 12 months' lease of the building. We. under stand considerable alterations and improve ments will be effected, amongst which ate a fountain and fernery in the centre of the floor, increased accommodation for ladies, and a refreshment room on a more extensive scala than previously. The reopening, wQI b9 the occasion for holding a special evening drew invitation party. Many of the former employ^ wm ue re-eugtkgeu, ana w« ate uuoxmBu bum everything possible for nmfa'ng the xjnk a popular lounge for summer evenings will be duly attended to, With reference-to the request of the people of Broken Hill that theS.A. Railway Deport ment should «npply- them with water t»m iJeeteJoo, ihejCornmissioaers of Bail ways h»ve bad the matter tinder consideration, and -on Monday morning the following telegram waa cent to, Mr. T. Brace :— 'In cansldei&flon; of tbe exceptional circumstances the Oommls Biooers -will agree to convey water from Port Pine, the nearest available source of supply, to Oockbrrm at the rate of Id. per' gallon conditionally upon the tanks being provided' and' connected together and furnished with a large pipe.' It is proposed to tap the Bastaloo main air Port Pirie, and the Railway Opm rniwdoners ' are- very, anxious to assist -the BanxeriteB in their dHEenlty; On Wednesday morning tha members for Stanley, Messrs. E. W. Ha wker aad C. Kitn bf r, introduced to the Minister of Educttioa (Hon. J. G. F. Johnson), adeputetion can eietingof Mesera. T. P. Trezige, Thas. Pasoos, S..K. Walker, and John Baaford, who repre sented the trustees of the White Hot School* E£sr: Clare, ;&nd; asked that tb&tmilding; ehonkl be, token over by tha Gov^rianent. The teal dents cod built the- school' in a rabitantial manner come yeatB-ago, and the atteadaace, wiach bad always been good, was likely to continue so. Thedepatationaakad tha Minister of Bdpcation.- to. convert tbe building into .a State school, Tha trustees would pact mtb, tbe feeeonple for £130. The Minister saidha wenld consider their request. The only tender received for the use ef- tba Bxbibitton building as a-skat ing Tink was that of«Mr. 8. ErearsoD, which ' waa^ ^epsnei on '- Monday morning, aad^thismay be?ega!de^B3 singular, as there were several' appHcations mBde whenthe late leesee vacated' the tndld iDg. The decision** to whetter the present offer will be accented or not1 will be^come to ia ; a few deysv Ab has. been announced, the first ' floor on the feout of the bnildiBg tiae beaa b»EQ-d over to the governors of the. Porblitr ' ArtGfliieryi bottheleMee wilt have i)tR8e3sion ofrtbe remaiciDg -portioBt, not incluiiiog tiw bMeaect. Be will, however, have to erect a fcaeerj Ironr'tbe trout gate in order to have Feparate appnoaeheB *e 4h* Art Gsliery aodieln tick. Tbe-«coapancy wfll begin from the I2ta inst. . - ' - Our Benmark corrssponiJent writer- — Soae escitement was occasioned here-ori Moa- ' day when news wm- bTongBVtbat tb.9 2*crub bfecke bad mnederecl & bonrritery rider and burned his tiat cat Mn J. Kobertson's run, sbpBt 30 rtiles from Benmsrfe. Mr. Eoh=rt BonbaBoffered£5*ewaidrbrthec»ptare^)fthB mtrrderereeitber^ead or alive. The natives are -the descendants of a WxAfellow who cleared onfrrrom the Mnrray over 3&'yearsi.aga wiUr two- : lnbraa after havirnr mttrdered a Eettfer* ? Tbey-have made tb«r home in ma very thickest part of the scrub,, and every atfettpf to tneik-orestdbr «ry-of them has k- farfaSed. They-now- ntrmbar 11' people, and are-arBted^witttlopg-rjaTbed epean whicb are peisesedi. ' 3ft is ttre- intention- of some of the; ijyer-.Betyer* to hare a search fortiram eitont^Cfiristteas taoe, ' '? . TBe last evening, matting lot the- peasant yewc in^onttBctioa withi tbe, Boya! TfigiSA ,Ctob was-held in the Chamber of M»naf»cfcueea ea Wredse&dfty; eveniogj whuan Professor Tata lectured, o»; ' Tb& oonunoa isinecal& of Spotb. Anbtraira, and how tadiatinguiBhtheni.' Mr. A, Adsmaon presided over a laig^ gathering. The ^rof essot exnl»Taad hdm minpeate WBrftdis tingoiebel by their hsrdoe&V; weighty eteeak, I\i6tt»» and otiier qnslitJBB in % thacougkiy lucid w^y which attracted. ta& ckwe attenjioa ot aD pieaentk At the , conclusion of .thstteo tqte, for which tha profeajspr w« accorded a hearty vote of thanka^.tfafi chuJrman diatQbo ted the ptizes. won attbs recaatahow of aatave plants. Tn the course.©! some remarka which at Mr. GraBby'a 8UggBatian Professor Tite. whp km. one of the j-iageg at the show, mide, attettisn w&s; dreira to the somewhat-too frag mentary na'.ure of the^xbilsits, the importance of showicg in a herbarium-plants in all stages of their existence being eoaptaased. A petition was presented to. the Minister' of Education last week, by Mr. Basedov, M.P. , on behalf of. the . reeidenta ' in and near BianchetowB drawing attention to the pxonosed local EcaU altemtions. A noticeiiadappHared in: tke QoztUc calling for tenders to coavey mails between. BlaDehetown and Trurjo twice a week. Atpzesent the mail arrangements gira Lotiu ». msu uiiee wmea a weeit, am *uojr wfehal tUat those. arrangements might net be altered. Some six years ago tae mails, were alteredrfrqm twice -to. three times a week. At present it takes font days to «et ananswec to a letter focwarded to Adflaiap, alihoagh they only. KaidJe iS miles, from Tiuro, wbijn pUce receives a dally maiL The mwl at praseot was cwivtyed three, timfls- a week bafcsaan BksctetQwn aod Tnreo for t&e; som of £IS9, and ties did notthink that tha propssed aev arrangements could b& esecuted mote cheaply, Tfcty ccnuaered that an. inciewe and, not. ara duetioD in ti^e number of deliveries *baatd be. m&d;£, as t&e.; place waa gro-wing in impor tance, Tlie Minuter promised to get a-repett on the nutter. Mr; Burfloy»e, M.P.. waited on tbe -3om- roisEiocer of. Public, 'Works on . Tuesdaj-, anrf presented' the following resolutions, paeeed at a. public meeting at Port Aognsta.: —1. 'Tbat in the opinion of. tiift mask ing there is a preasiug and: immediate oeceesity fbr storage accoromodBtionJjeiB^ pro vided in connection with 1ta- Porlr August* water system in ojtder to meet the dBOJanS* .of tfce-«utcn-er monifaB, as peoved by.the^hoctand inadequate 'supply existing, althoa^-h only- the - bfgi»sk-g of- !?Binaw».' %. 'ThaU»s3di&-a to tfce jwet ficg- cf csssitiee of. the Port Aagasta water syfetem it. is. in the bigbeat degree nesea sary tfcat :ls large waste supplies shoord be tendered practically available for profitable gardi-tnzg a^d vMjya«i' culture.' 3, ' Titat. the Government be-.respectfully urged tounder take tbe cooElruction of the reservoir ia tiiw) for its ccrDTitetipn before n^xt season, and ia. tine to sBowi wi.ief to drsmgbt oppisessed farwers of the nortb bj pi.ovidfeg some work for them in- Vbme sore aeoeesi^,.'' Vbn 04m mieeicwer proaiied to give tbe memorial big besfceoBsideHrtipo* The aBBnal general m^Ung«I-h£.GAtdj3i»i3' «od.:M»rs^jSal^sm^sA8spcwb9asM^ Ue!d.-u» Saturday moraing at the Ksftteod M*ck.et Hotel. Thejchsjt wss oacp&f;& bv the. pre^i den* tMr.. WSgzel;). aj^; *b.out. 7ft pAiaons were present Tbe secretary pressatad tb.3 babneesheet for the. jear encRng ?$R|. show ing that over £WQ is cu^«&d; about ^65. worth of gifts had been diftribnted, in prices aj. t^e. jubilee picoic, leaving ub^ar^ce in hand attha ommeBcement of tbe. year of £06 17a, 3d. Tae election ot xirBcers for the next jbw rasntted as foUosts.:— Mr. Wig.zeH, preadebt; Messrs, Mndge sod Bennett, vice- presidents ; J&bn; Hammer, - ettcretsry ; and 40 gardeners and salesmen, were elected a genec*} committee. Votes of tbanka to 'fea . retiring officers were passed 'and duly responded to. The prizes iron at the tut picnic were distribnted tj the president. ' Over JBipO.in cash »rai gtt6s -were distributed, Mr. R. Et taking far tbe third time tha market eHrer cup for -the best horse on the ground and ' tytth the' same -hw-. Mr. T. Lock takes Sir E. T. Smith's trophy, fbr tbe second best faorse. Tha cops were tfaes filled a&d; passed aroand, ani a pleaeaat hoot was spent, It will be remembered that, cwinf? to internal difficulties which occurred in connection with the xnanapenierit of tbe Adelaide Hoepital, the board suggested that Dr. Whittell should act as medical superintendent of the institution, or that be should be appointed -chairman of the board, with the view to hie taking the practical oversight of the hospital affairs. This matter was brocjiht under the notice of the Premier by a deputation, and Mi. PJayford promised to obtain a report from the Colonial Surgeon on the practicability of the proposal. That gentleman has now forwarded his opinion aa follows : — ' I do not consider the appointment of a medical superintendent at all necessary. The hospital is comparatively small and is not likely to increase materially for same time, aa the numerous up-couctry hospitals, especially those at Fort Augusta, Moan! Gaaabier, Surra, arsd Kapnnda, drain large areas which formerly bad tc send tbtir sick to Adelaide. The present difficulty might be virtually met by strengthening the position of the senior house surgeon, especially in the direction ot giving effect to his recommendation as regards the en gagement, promotion, and discharge of nurses and servants. Proper discipline has been maintained in the past by the senior house jroreeon, who is on the premises day and sight, atd I fail to see why it is impossible now.' On Wednesday afternoon a petition signed by 59 owners and occupiers of land in the hun dreds of MndlaWirra,SIunno Para, Port Ade laide, and Port Gawler, adjacent to the Gawler River, was presented to the House of Assembly by Mr. Bagster, M.P., praying the House to retaBe its consent to the carrying out of the BaiopsaTBattTBtthence. The petition set forth that if the Bcheme were adopted the Gawler Kiver would be deprived of the waters of its principal feeders and the periodic flooding of the neighboring lands would no longer take place owing to the diminished flow of water in the main stream. This would cause great loss, as land which now, owing to the deposits left by flood traterp, gave* remunerative yield, would if theeuppryceated would become comparatively speaking unproductive. In dry seasons Bait rises to the surface of the land adjoining the river, causing injury and damage, and it was feared that if the supply of water ba per manently diminished by the damming back ot the Sonth Para, tracts of country would be rendered unfit for cultivation. The land which would be prejudicially affected if the Ecfcerrewere carried out comprieed an aggregate of 8,602 acres or thereabouts. Many residents it was Get forth were dependent for their supply of drinking water on wells and springs, which, if the ovfiifiows from the Gawler River ceased, would become brackish and unfit for use. The great Australian racing event of the year, the Melbourne Onp, was tua at Fleming ton on Tuesday in the presence of an immense crowd of spectators, whose number is com puted at about 120,000. The Exhibition and the Cup combined drew an immense concourse of people to the capital of the si6ter colony, and the .surroundings of the Gup course presented an unusually brilliant eight even foe Flemingtbn. The Cud was won by Mr. D. S. Wallace's bay colt Mentor, after a splendid tuBsle with the South Australian-bred horse Tradition, whilst the third place was filled by The Yeoman, a gelding bred by Messrs. .Robertson Brothers at their stud farm, Turret field, Tradition was bred by Mr. W. Blackler at Fulham Park. Oar special spatting . reporter at the races can claim no little credit in connection with the race, aB he tipped Mentor to win straight out. Telegraplring oa October 31, after«eing Mr, Wallace's colt at work, he Eaid — ' My selection for the -Cap is Mentor,' and on the eye of the race he wired — 'I am still of opinion that whatever beats Mentor will win.' In Adelaide the keenest excitement was manifested in the result of the Cup, sod long before the race, which was flat down to be started at 4 o'clock, was run a large crowd bad gathered -around this office to ascer tain the name of the winner, which was posted tip a few DtomentE after the -finish. The Bight Sev. Dr. Moore, the Boman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, was a passenger for Melbourne by the Ormuz, which arrived at the Semaphore from London on Wednesday. The object of his lordship's visit to the old country an to obtain priests and nans belonging to what are known as 'teaching orders,' for tub diocese, and be has been ao-tar Enccessfnl as to 'bring 36 rdigwuses back with hinu There are lour Bedemptorist Father*, and nine fathers of the Order of the Holy Ghost, the latter being a high educational order well known in France and Ireland. In regard to the nans, they are composed of the Sisters ot Iioretto. Sisters of St. Bridget (an Iriehorderj, andSuteraof Nazareth, from -Ha:n- npersBjitb. The last-named ladies devote their time to the care of orphans and the aged poor of both sexes, without distinction as to country or creed, and their philanthropic -efforts have recently attracted great attention in . England, where the Fall Mail Gazette considered their work of suf ficient importance to devote a special article to a description of their methods, the fathers will take possession of the new college of the Holy Ghost, which is to be opened in Ballarat in February, and the -efforts of Dr. Moore to secure each excellent educational talent for bis flock will doubtless be highly appreciated by them. His Lordship was the guest of his Grace Archbishop Reynolds dur ing bis stay in Adelaide, and his grace also accompanied him asi far a* Largs Bay to see him off. During his journeying Dr. Moore was honored with an interview with his Holiness the Pope, and he naturally visited Ireland, where he says 'things are aB ba3 as they well can be.' We have been famished with a copy of the \- following cablegram from Ijondon, received by Mr. S. Knevett, Adelaide agent of the Eastern Extension Gable Company, on Wednesday: — ' Sir John Bender wishes it made known that the interruptions in July were caused by vol canic disturbances, as previously explained, and the last two inlerraptionB were due to -the extensive renewals the company axe carrying out off Banjoewangie, where both cables were found to be on bad ground and in dangerous proximity, owing to .strong currants having drifted them together. The renewal of the original cable has been finished, after inserting 124 knots ol new cable, and the company's two repairing ships are now engaged renewing duplicate line, which is nearly completed. These renewals, which will be very costly, will greatly strengthen the communisation, and ought to give the company long immunity froni further trouble, The manufacture of the cable to be laid between Ban joewangie .and Roebuck Bay, about 1,000 miles in length, costing nearly £120,000, is almost completed, and wm be dispatched during DeoEHiber. When laid Australian cammuni- . cation ought to be thoroughly secure. The intenoptions have been much magnified, as the total period communication has been inter rupted since duplication, including re cent ones, ie only 41 days, averaging leas then five days per-annum.' Regarding press telegrams the Xibadon ofBse of the company has drawn special attention to delays. Mr. Knevett informs aa that the general manager at Singapore wired on Tuesday:— 'Every expedition is given to press messages on the cables In accordance with xnlea guiding such traffic.' The flower show and exhibition in eonneo tion with the Public Schools' Floral and In dustrial Society was visited by a large number of persons on Saturday, especially in the even ing, when the Town Hall was well filled. The Korwccd Model School children gave a prome nade concert during the evening, and their efforts were muchspprecUted by those present, Mr. J. T. Smyth, B.A., B.K, conducted the . children, and some of the glees sung by. them were given with exquisite effect. The following is the supplementary prize-list: — Cut .flowers— Three passies. Is., A. Oliver, Grote-street ; one pansy, 6±, A. Olirer.Giote street ; three phlox. 1b., Eustace James, .North Adelaide; one verbena, 6d., Milton Milk, Sturt-fitreet ; three dianthus, Is., D. Thornton, North Adelaide ? three poppies, ls.,D. McOor mac, North Adelaide; three cacti, Is., May Valeeka, Eart Adelaide; three annuals, 6d^ . W. C. McKeice, Hindmareh; six annuals, Is., W. C JioNeice, Tfinflrnaran ; one gladiolus, 6d., JD, Thornton, North Adelaide; everlast ings, fid.. James 3£clnnes, TJnley ; antirrhi nums, ft}., JTanny Hone, Start-street; table bouquet, Is,, .John Hclnnes. TJnley; bridal bouquet^ Is* Selina Maddaford. Sturt-Btreet; ? Hand houq.net, 1bm James Mclnnea, Unley, Lady's dresB bouquet, Is,, Amy Golly, Flinders-street. Cooker?— Rock cakes, In., Bessie FuUayson, Flinders-street. White rats, Is., A. Hughes, Unley. Babbits, la., H. Ellis, Brompton. Silkworms, 2s., F. Couzens, Flinders street; Is., D. Thornton, North Ade laide. Silk cocoons, 2a., A. Ewers, Flinders street; la, F. Tine, Start- street. Map of Australia, Is., Harry Othams, North Ade laide; Is., Arthur Gerner, North Adelaide. Ornamental penmanship, 2s., Ida Emery, East Adelaide. A new skating rink is to be established in Adelaide. The plans show tint a block of land 420 x 160 feet dear space will b called into requisition, having frontages to two of the principal streets of the city, with trams running up both streets. The rink will also be dose to the other suburban tramlines, and arrangements for connecting the different lines will it is hoped will be arranged by the tram company. The building will have a space of 1.380 x 85 feet for rinking purposes, covewd wilt a large roof of one span to the depth of 280 feet, the remaining portion being as open rink with large doors leading to the same which can be closed on wet nights or whenletto private parties, sothalseaaonticket holden and patwms will not be interfered with, The floor will belaid of the best ValdeTMvers and it is evident that this will be a great im provement on the wood, being much faster morejsven, and better in all respects. It can! !?£![??**%£? w**6* nightly without any trouble. The roofed portion will be arranged eo that on clear fine nights 100 feet of the roof can be rolled back, leaving a clear open view -A the cky. The outer portion will be fittedjy? as agardeD and fernery, witfafonotauu of naming water, Ac., and will on ordinary EJgfct^t*i»^wUia»i)tberp9rtwiM»ftb«J^04 and can be lei to private parties. Side sc&ti; and a side gallery will be provided, and a galltiry and stage will be fixed at the end so tn&t; concerts may be given in conjunction with the rinking. On the nrat floor two private or learntrs rinks will be provided with wood floors for lady and gentiemen beginners who wish to have private lefsons. Club rooms, retirinc, smoking, lavatory, and other rooms ?will be provided on the ground floor. The roof will be in one clear opan, and there will be no obstruction of any eort on tbe floor. The buildiDg will be lighted by the electric light, and fan punkahs connected with the engine. The floor also will be so arranged that bicycle or running sports can be AeJd on it. On Saturday evening a musical banquet was given in St. Barnabas College, North Ade laide, by the choir of St. Peter's Cathedral, t- Air. J. K. Coombe, one of the pioneer Cathe dral choristers, who is on a visit to this colony from Queensland. A good programme was submitted, and tbe reputation of the vocalists was fully sustained. One number, in which special interest was centred, was *' The Chapel' (Kreutzer), by Meesra. Dean, J. K. Coombe, Nartoway, and H. G. Nash (four of the early choristers). Tfae duets, 'Oh, that we two were Maying,' by Masters D. Faulkner and Everard, and ' The angel' (Rubenstein), by Mr. Walter Ererard and Master D. Faulkner, were very effectively given. Mr. Lawrence sang Parry's 'Ode to Anacreon' and Mr. Walter Everard 'I'll Bing thee songs of Araby.' 'The red ecarl' was sung by Mr. H. G. Nash and a song was given by MaBter D. Faulkner. Mr. C. J. Sharp played a Taran taUa, bis own composition, and a cradle Bong 'Sleep on my little one,' words and music composed by himself was eung by the choir. This latest composition of Mr. Sharp, which has not been presented to the public, is not the least of his meritorious efforts, and will, no doubt, become popular. Refreshments having been taken, Mr. A. Boult, the musical director, gave tbe health of ' Our guest ' in felicitous terms, and referred to that gentleman as one of the first choristers at St. Peter's Cathedral who stood by him {Mr. Boult) when the choir bad no reputations. Although their guest had taken up bis residence in Queensland he was glad to have the opportunity on the occasion ot his visit here to do him honor in recognition of services rendered at the cathedral in the past. The toast -was drunk ?with Ecusical honors. Mr. Ooombe suitably replied. The pianoforte accompanists were Mesere. A. Boult, and C. J. Sharp, A lecture entitled 'Gage Birds' was given at the Prince of Wales Hotel on Taesday evening by Mr. R. E. Minchin, the director of the Zoological Gardens, in connection with the S. A. Canary and Pigeon Improvement Society, There were about 30 members present, and Mr. T. W. Babbage occupied the chair. Mr. Minchin, in the course of a highly interesting address, said the first of all requisites was to keep birds in good health, and this could only be accomplished by great cleanliness and atten tion to their food. For birds to thrive it was ne cessary that the cages should be kept perfectly clean, not only the perches but tbe corners and angles where insects grow and multiply to the great detriment and discomfort of the oirds, Mr. Minchin drew attention to a great mistake mede by many who kept caged birds, viz., the practice of covering the floors of the cages with sand. This, 'he said, shonld not be per mitted on any account ; but fine, sharp gravel should be substituted, inasmuch as the latter was absolutely necessary for retaining jife and health in the birds. The Email pebble*, being swallowed, passed into the gizzard and sided digestion. Sand, however, had quite the opposite effect. It was an urrwiBe prac tice to place food or water in the cage, and if possible the bath should be hung or' suspended on the door outside, care being taken to remove it when done with. Tin vessels should not he used for holding water, but glass or earthen ware ebonld be utilised. Birds in confine ment required plenty of air and light, and the cage or aviary should be so placed that the early morning sun should. have free access thereto. Unnecessary perches should be done away with, and round perches avoided, aB they cramped the feet and were very lin jut iouB. HempBeed should only be given to birds as a treat, since it heated the body and cansed irritation. Mr. Minchin was awarded a hearty vote of thanks for his lecture. Port Adelaide has lately been the scene of several small fires, -and another one was added to the list on Monday night, when a fire occurred on the premises of Mr. Heise, boot maker, Commercial-road. The fire started at U.S0 in the cellar immediately under the centre of the shop, and spread with rapidity right through the cellar, extending to the kitchen. The cellar web utilised for boot making purpoEes, and in it were stored a con siderable quantity of leather, shavings, some beds, and machinery incidental to the trade, and these were all mote or lesa damaged. Con stable Hampton, who was en duty in Commercial-road, first noticed smoke isenipg from the cellar through the grating. He immediately aroused the occupants of the ad joining house (Mr. and Miss Oxley) and seemed tbe tap hose, which he played on the fire. His effort* were seconded toy several willing hand', Mr. D. Goldsmith deserving special mention, and the Port fire reels arrived in a couple of minutes after the alarm was given to Superintendent Sanders. They tore up the grating, when great tongues of flames rushed up, making the men beat a hasty retreat. Undaunted they set to walk, andeoon torn tbe names under control. Sams damage ?was dope upstairs, the walls being charred and the staircase injured; the stock was also slightly damaged by the water. The floor of the shop is very much burnt, and will lave to be replaced by a new one. The house, which consists of two stories, is the property cf Mrs. Heise, aB is also the one adjoining, in which Mrs. Carrie carries on the business of a fruiterer. This . house was uninjured. Both were insured in the Sonth Australian Insurance Company for £1,600, and the damage done is estimated at -between £100 and £200. The pltwe was unin habited at the time of the fire, and Miss A, Seise locked tbe shop and «aw that everything ?was secure at 8 o'clock on Monday evening. It is a strange coincidence that a week Ago » fire broke out in the spot where the one which occurred on Monday evening is sup posed to have originated, but was subdued by a few buckets of water. Great credit is due to the fire brigade for turning out so promptly. 'Tbe scheme propounded by Mr. J, G. Knight, the Executive Commissioner for tbe Northern Territory, for the formation of a ' subterranean court of Australasian minerals at the Paris Exhibition, is one,' says the Mel bourne Argus, ' which we are glad to hear has been well received and is likely to be warmly taken op. There can be no doubt that it is At present upon .the raw materials produced in these colonies that their commercial im portance in the eyes of the world mainly de pends. And few persons probably will be in xlined to disagree with Mr. Knight in thinking ? that the inspection and examination of exhibits of raw -materials in an isolated form is not a very -exhilarating prooeBB, nor one that Is apt to recommend itself to casual Exhibition visitors. M, however, the mineral products in which Australasia is so rich, and for which she is so celebrated, were displayed in tfae manner suggested by Mr. Knight, there can be little doubt that they would thus be shown off to the best advantage, and that the ? display* would be a novel ind jattraatiee feature of the Exhibition. All the details have apparently been worked out by the promoter, who is . convinced that 'the scheme would' be feasible. A de scending and an ascending shaft, . each about 50 feet deep and 10 feet square, would be connected by a tunnel 10 feet wide' and 10 feet high, from which various drives -would be made, in order to show different kinds of minerals, and the manner in which 'mining is carried on. It is probable that an exhibit of this kind would prove of the greatest interest to many persona who have never had an opportunity of Eeeing what mining operations are like. And it might reasonably be expected that if a small charge for admission -were made the cost of the - scheme, which Mr. Knight admits would be considerable, would tins be covered. Even if (his shonld sot be the case, however, it rouet be borne in mind that the space -allotted to the colonies abowegrpund is uot large, and that, unlesB some concession of space underground is made, Australasia may possibly not be in a position to be represented as one ought. A good deal of expense will, as it is, be incurred by the colonies in bringing their pro ducts and resources before the eyes of the world assembled at the Paris Exhibition. It may thus be a question whether some addi tional outlay may not advantageously foe sub mitted to in order to ensure that this is done aB thoroughly and efficiently as possible. la any case, Mr. Knight's scheme is one that eeercs well worth taking up, and we shall foe glad if it.is eventually carried out,9' 