THE DUCHESS. Bt the Author op " Phyllis," " Molly Baws," " Mrs. Geoffrey," " Lady Branksmere," Ac. The Right ol Translation Is Reserved. chapter xvi. Just when I seemed about to learn, Where is the ibrend now ? Off again t Tbe old trick I Only I discern ' I intuitu passion und the pain Of finite hearts that yeurn. "Yes. I sen it," said Madam in a low con- st rained tone. Even now, after all these years that have passed, that one unapproachable grief does not bear talking about. "I suppose your lather, Kiel Delaney — I suppose he never told you about me," says the old lad-, still holding Korab's baud very kindly, and smiling at her as though plcaeed by what she sees. " It is years ago, of course. One may well be forgotten. He did uot speak to you of Mrs. O'ShaughneBsy." " Oh, yes I Ye, indeed I" says tbe Duchess eagerly. " Often. I thiuk"— with an adorable blush and a soft shy movement of her eyelids — " be used to call you Bessie." " And so he did," says Mrs. O'Sbangbnessy plainly enchautod' by this touch. "And so lie still remembers ine? That's nice now amongst old friends, and yon must tell hlin from me— when writing, mind" — with a soft squeeze of her band, " tbat I remember him too, as well as when I was Bessie MucGillicuddy. God bless you, my dear ; you are a very sweet chtid. And now sit here by me for a minute or two. I'd have called ou you long ngo ; but I'm only just buck t'rom Italy— yesterday, indeed — and——" At this instant somebody from behind lavs his bands over Mrs. O'Shaughnessy's 'eyes aud surprises her into silence. The same somebody still further adds to his offence by bestowing a hearty salute upon her plump check. "Now, Denis 1 Aud that's yourself, of course. JS'ot another one would havo the audacity. Worse luck !" cried Mrs, O'Shnugh- nessy, gaily disengaging herself. " Pity it is, the Colonel isn't here to see. Woll, and crcu if I was .twenty years younger, I daresay I wouldn't say no to that kiss, even though I might pretend to. Come, tell mc everything ; it aeems like years since I saw one of you. When is the weddiug to be, cb ? I'm young enough to dauce yet, I can tell yon. I'm not betraying secrets, eh ?" smiling ot Korah. "You k'uow, of course, of. this cousin's," laying her hand on Dcuis's arm, "engage ment 7" " Yes, I know," says Korah, steadily, who has grown very white. Delaney has turned away to the window and is apparently lost iu contemplation of the exquisite view outside. What dreadful things is this kindly old lady going to say next, who would have bitten out her tongue rather than say anything had she only known. "We're getting quite impatient for a wed ding, I moat tell you," she rattled on merrily. 44 We haven't had so much as a ghost of one in the. parish for the last two years. You should come to tbe rescue, Denis. Come, now, when is it to be ?" "Is it a time for talking of marrying and giving in marriage," rcplioa he. facing round again and speaking with really a marvellous nonchalance, 44 with wars and rumors of wars afloat? Why, the very air is thick with the odor of rebellion. Kever has Kerry been in such a disaffected state." "Kerry ? Bay Ireland, aud be done with it." says Mrs. O'Shaugknessy. "Well, whoso fault is it?" says the Duchess suddenly, a little fierily waking into life. 14 Who cares for Ireland whether she swims or sinks ? Not England. She is a worry, a nuisance ; no more. If, honorably, she could be got rid of, there wouldn't be a second's delay about the disposing of her. She is au incubus —a tbiug at which to shrug the shoaider. But has she ever been shown fair play ? You know," looking at Denis, 14 1 hare always said that poor Ireland has been slighted— kept at a distance as it were ; whilst the rest of Great Britain, Scotland notably, has been petted ad nauseam. And yet I am sure .a little, a very litle love would have mode her loyal to the backbouc." " There's a rebel for you 1" says Delaney, laughing, glad to an absurd degree in that any thing has led her to spontaneously address him again. li Faith, there's a deal of sense, though, in what she says," declares Mrs. O'Shaughnessy. shaking her ringlets vigorously, "a rare good smattering of reason. Only the day's too hot to follow.it no. Let ns como out and seo what our friends in tbe open air are doing." Hot very mnch, when all is told. Tbe day is too warm for that. A good deal of tennis, a little sauntering amongst the lato roses, a tre mendous amount of lounging and flirtation at will. The afternoon flies by almost before one remembers it has begun, and now everybody is lying about, rather exhausted from doing nothing, aud drinking tea and champagne and divers cups with an unfeigned appreciation of their merits. Colonel O'Shaughnessy, a large, florid, well- bred looking man, with a dictatorial manner and the kindest heart in the world, is telling an old and thrilling Indian tale (born of his years In Hyderabad) to a select company. His wife, at a few yards' distance, is giving all the local gossip, collected since her return yesterday, to a pale little woman, who seems rather up3et by it. Some of our other friends arc scat tered aronnd, nnd Mr. Greene, who makes no secret of his adoration, is lying prone at tbe feet of the Duchess. Tbe Colonel, having brought his tale to a Ditch that is positively appalling, winds it up suddenly with all the knowledge of a clever raconteur , and is rewarded by a silence that is half hysterical on the part of his femalo audience. Suddenly says someone— the rector's wife, I think — the little pale woman— " Does auyone know how Mrs. Brady is to day ? I heard she was ill, but— " "Yes. I called there this morning," shouts Colonel O'Shaughnessy — he always shouts more or less. "She's far from well. They told me she had been confined——1 " Here a most inopportune fit of coughing overtakes him. " Confined? "What aro yon talking about, Colonel," cries his wife in condemnation. ' Why they hare only been mar—" Providentially, at this moment her cup slips along its saucer in the nantr; treacherous way cups will, at times, and Mrs, O'Shaughnessy makes a grab at it, forgetful in her fear for the prune silk of the astonishment and horror that possesses her. "Confined to her bed with a bad cold," roars the Colonel, in a voice suggestive of murder and with a complexion positively apoplectic. There is a dead pause, then somebody whis- pers something into Mrs. O'Shaughoeosy's ear, who appears bewildered and somebody else gives an indignant kick to Mr. Greene's recum bent form, who is plainly on the verge of hys terics. " A bad cold," persists the Colonel, wildly. 44 Called there — saw bcr I Nothing worse than that, I give you my honor." The 44 nothing worse than that " is the last straw, and finishes Mr. Greene, who explodes with laughter, and then rolls over and "bites the daisies in a last vain endeavor to restrain his ungodly enjoyment. But Mrs. O'Shaughnessy, who has at last mastered tho real meaning of tbe thing, evidently sees no reason for restrain ing anything, and leaning back in her chair gives way to mirth. "And is that it ? " says she : " Bless me what a mistake I made.l " And off she goes into an unlimited number of cackles, until she shakes again. Then Miss Cazolec U seen to draw gently near, and as mirth has a trick of dying out in her presence, once rhore a decorous tran quility holds sway. Mr. . Wyldiog, the anthor, is with her. u One can see I scribble," be Is saying, in his delightfdlly soft voice. 4 Yet when pbople look at me they sometimes hesitate (it is a compli ment, I assure yon) ; £ a,ui always charmed with it, and I can almost hear them say, 'he is like it, of course, . but he is not so tptriltul as I imagined. And yet — You can read the rest for yourself. Is. it not I It is all in my nose, I think," with a delicious frankness, "which is of a goodly lengtn ; and in my upper lip— have you noticed my upper lip ?— which iB distinctly en suite." Miss Cazaiet murmurs some inanity or other, quite unworthy of her, her' mind being with her eyes, which are far away across the shaven lawn, where atande Delaney. He is conversing with some one— she cannot see whom— but some one in white. Presently he moves a little, and her pulses grow more even as she sees that the woman iu white is not— Norah i A voice at her elbow makes her start. " Can I do anything for youj Duchess ?" The voice is Lord Kilgarriff's, and Miss Cazaiet, looking abruptly round, finds that tforah is sitting almost exactly behind her. "Eh? what?" says the Duchess, with a rather absent air, turning to Kilgarriff. It is plain the tone, not the words, have roached her ears. "Miss Delaney— why this abstraction?" I sayB Mr. Greene, 'in accents mildly reproachful. 44 Are all we nothing to yon, that you thus wander into realms of phantasy ? Come back, come back, I entreat you, io solid earth, undue, and cease to tread in spirit immaterial space." Norah thus importuned, turns upon him a smiling face. " I have been thinking she says, " that I should like to play one set " With rae ?" exclaims he rapturously, scrambling to his feet. " Consider it done. Now to fiod two others on playful thoughts in tent." " I was just wishing for a game myself, says Miss Cuzalet amiably. "What do you sa y ? You and Miss Delaney against Mr. ; Wylding and me ?" 4.I should bo so charmed— 30 too delighted," , says Wyldiug, 11 but there is this one. trifling ' obstacle to cay bliss. I don't play." "If I might aspire , " simpers Sir Brandrum, turning a languishing eye upon the blonde beauty. (to be continued.)' 