MHSSEU-ANY. 'Is Smith much of a botanist ?' 'Oh fair. He runs to trees too much, though.' ' Well, I don't blame him ; I'm afraid of cows myself.' 'The difference between a form and a ceremony,' says Whately, . ' is a nice me, and it lies in tins — you sit upon i form and you stand up^ou ceremony.' Artful Jimmy (conscious of unprepared lessons and desirous of staying from school) — ' Mamma, dear, what sort of ill ness is there you don't have to take medi cine for ?' Hood suggested that the phrase 're- public of letters 'was hit upon to insin uate that, taking the whole lot of authors together, they hadn't a sovereign among them, Ada — ' Why, one of your cheeks is rod as fire, and the other as as pale as a ghost ?' Ella — ' Yes ; Harry was on one side, and I was afraid mamma would see us on the other.' He is Detained by a Thunderstorm. — ' Oh, Harry '? did you hear that terrible clap of thunder just now ?' ' No, dear, I was lis tening to you.' And ho saw his error too lute. Maud — ' And so you are going to marry young Softly ?' Hthel— ' No : I can't marry him. I never could writea pretty capitals, and so it would be hard for me to write my name.' Under— ' Go and get mo a glass of water, please, Tommy.' Tommy hesitates. Uncle — ' iVow. Tommy.' Tommy — ' But I don't like to leave you alone with the cake, Uncle!' London postmen will in future wear helmets like the policemen. The helmet will be made of blue serge, bound with ' post-ofiice rod.' ?Tis said that Ignatius Donnolly has made £i!0,000 from the sale o£ his book ; and yet there those who call his alleged discovery u failure. It is reported that tlio storage batteries on tlie Brussels tramway have deteriorated so that this cost is increased to nearly (5d per car mile as against Cd for horse-power. Everybody Pleased. — 'Billy, old boy, you look like a summer morning. What's happened to glorify you?' 'Tommy, old i'el, congratulate me. I proposed to Miss Flyaway last night and she accepted me 1' 'Shake,' old man. So she did me.' ? ;: . . . , ? ?;? 