The Circus. ; . .I have always bad a singular liking for n circus, a low liking, it is very., probable, I might hear you say.wcrel nenranougb; but I scorn to dispute tho point. Tell nio what tGcrc can be in high life more intoxicating with a sort of bubbling effervescing plea sure than the whole paraphernalia of a cir cus t '?..'??? ?."- . ?'? ??.'. v? . : I was thiuking thus one day, to I entered ono of these suuny pavilions, and thinking, too, whether, in spite of all my lovo of motion nnd swiftness nnd graco, so timid a , person as L would have had much enjoyment in nn old Koman circus where men and beasts en countered in contest o£ blood, and where ladies, whose hearts could have' been not greatly different from my own, applauded the death struggle of a gladiator as I did th,e somersaults of little Ninonito, .?? The present entertainment was called upon the bills a "Great Moral Bxhibition;" and oa with the circaa ifc combined a enperior menagerie, to which ASian. jungles and African deserts bad contributed, clergymen anil others wore cordially invited to fitness the trained lion and the lamb lying down together. p£ the last performance, of which I am particularly speaking, the last item bad been described in the advertisement as the " Tcr : rib'o Exploits of the Dauntless Bnrtouro in tho Den of Wild Ueasta;" the capitals had been thrilling. And accordingly, aftera suffi cient quantity of email boya had been thrown bytbo horse, an enormous carriage, that fillt-d nearly balE the. space, was slowly wheeled upon-the scene, the sides were let down, and tho den of wild beasts was-die closed. It was in three compartments, with strong partitions made of a lattice-work of iron bars between them. In tho first one, some leopards and a Bengal tiger of loathly beauty wcro roaming restlessly round, up and down, in and out, round and about, in a way to make one's heartache; : ' ' ' In tho central compartment a lioii was 'Striding up and down, lashing his tail about; while tho lioness, lying in one cornor with her two whelps fawning around her, looked with complacent curiosity at tho crowd -who returned her gaze. But when tho lids wero let down from the last oompartment, nil thought of tho occupants of tho other'two was for a moment forgotten, as the immenso and single lion within that one sprang upon his hind legs, pawing at the'side of tho cage as if he Would break through and bound out upon us, and uttering a roar that resounded and reviberated from side to side, and mado every heart standstill. " . Wo< wero almost all decorously placed on the tiers of seats, but at the sound nnd tho sight the whole audience shook a little cltsor together; and, for my never lik ing such Bcencs as this promised to bo, I had risen to go. ? "Never mind," said my companion to mo, as I excitedly signified my wish tohaaten off; " it is a trite thing enough; tho creatures are gorged with food and , dandled from their birth ; tho exhibitor is in no danger." "You are mistaken, sir," Raid ono of tho group.of bystanders. "In the firsttwo;cagcs they nro certaiuly tame enough, but. the last beast is the true Neimean, raging for his lib erty.as ready to rend a man to atoms as ever his wildest ancestors wero." "Then whyja he in that cage, sir," I asked, shivering beneath the blaze of those cjoballs like coals. ' . " Ho was only added to the collection n few hours since." said another gentleman at my side., "Some Bailors brought him home on thcir'own account; tho ship happened to nrrlvo Jn the harbor this morning, just as tho menagerie was setting up its tents; the sailors lost ho time in making their bargain, and the animal was transferred immediately; but an injury happening to his own cajjc ho was temporarily shut into this one till better ac commodations could be arranged, I believe."- -" Biit is it renlly strong enough 2" I asked, with a quiver, " Oh, without doubt." " And then the exhibitor does not venture into that compartment?" .' ' , " Not unless he is insane, I fancy." . '"Ah, what a roar I It is thunder* self I" " Possibly he has not boon fed to-day." " I think wo had bolter go," I said. " It really makes mo ill." ? . 1 ''''"? "Indeed," was the response I met with. " If thero is going to be anything unusual, let us havo the benefit of it 1" .';?'?. . " But it seems to mc the exhibitioner is not ready. I do believe he is afraid himself." " He has no occasion," said the second by stander again. "In spite of our friend's opinion of the wild beast, unless the exhibi tor should open the door of the third cago, there la absolutely not ?i shadow of danger." "Andif heshonld! ,, . " Why, then I imagine ho would surely get his ileserts." "The lion would, at any rate," rejoined my companion. ? '" Oh, how nervous you raako mcl" I ex claimed. " I woudor why the Dauntless Bar touro docs not come ?" " Possibly he is asleep," replied tho second bystander onco more ; " he tma a littlo habit, they say, which occasions drowaimss—l mip pose so hazardous an occupation as may havo been, in tho beginning, required stimulants, and ho has abused the necessity. If they aro not sobering him with buckets of colli water dashed over him, they are probably assisting him to hurry on hie tights and Bpangles." Aβ he spoke, a man, carrying a little switch, bounded into tho ring, mado his bow to tho audience, threw open tho cago of the leopards, leaped lightly up. and in an instant hauehut himsell within. ." ' ?: He was a man cf splendid physical do-1 volopment; and so quick bod been his three' thnt onii lind-not- tSme to tseo hie flushed face and. tu.swollen. yoins before - ? it sucmed.that the exertionof seizing a.leo- > pard and towing him in tho air bod' occa aloned it. ?? ?.??. -.????.f.-:. 7 ? ::-,-?.?? :}i- ? ? r ." What a handsome , man' ?" cried my_cpin? ; panion, staritiff at liimlWith admiraiipn". .'? Hβ was a picture as be febed us ; tho' two leopards sfoodvwith ?'??' paw on : his jHlher?'.?'? shoulder, the sptta'acEming to waver in their eOpplo sides Jike.thenparkivnnd glows Inbiilf blaekcned firebrands, while tho tiger bounded =?.?: to nnd fro over tbo'swHch he holt: for, him as . If hie sleek curves were made i>E nothing but / caoutchouc.. It was plain that the creatures , loved the man ; they reached but theirjoiip, : red tongues, and licked " and-tended them!" "." V ,; ? '?'"' " " ; ' - ; As I thought this, Bartdiiro"flung'aeido T tho: - first partition of iron bare with a thriiet', and i was in-tho central cage, the lionta. nnd switching her,'tiU ebo roSQ ? npbn her feet slcatohing the hairy littl^,cubs ; in his arras, and throwing juggler's balls; calllne: tfio lioa.to Wβ Bido\ und,lyiny down betvyee? all,; as.jt£o* ; ; peacotiul repo?Oin this bosom of his tamUyi ,; " ,Miis.nwhilo tbb tiger camp ! ?'; himself ni his feetV nnd'ono'of tho fedpards / amused'hinisolt with .boxing en. impertinent littlo cub, while';another leopard retired? to ' the furthest ohd of the cage, and oppcaved to ' kepp,wntch like n sentinel over the domestic scene;"' It w'a'9, aftcr : 'aU; ; a 'very; chahning ??? sight, and-iho place ranf?- with applause.' X Suddenly Bartonro sprang, to, his' feet, ? bowed ,again,-t<? th'q .then throw : open the last partition; My. tonguq clave to : ; the roof or'my ibouth witfihorror; tho whole amphitheatto hung ; '. ? ..Tho throe compartments wero.now a single .-.. 'engo alone; ,but thelanimala in. tho firatpor ,'tion hurriedly huddled themselves together in the remotest part, doworing and wrTining, and trembling in evident fear.'*"; ?'. V AVith a magnificent fearlessness,; Bartouro', trod swiftly toward.the lion,.who stood erebt, J holdihg by his' tremen(3ous'pavv3 to of the cage, his huge black mane nsing'and .' bristling round him as it instinct withsaVago life itself, a3 he tnrned his head at theplang t of tho iron bars, and glared with red T hot eyes upon?artotrtoi -'? " ?:''-'?'.'':? -:?-.??? "Come back I For Heaven's saljO,;como back 1" cried the circus- master, darting across tho orooa toward thoicage. "It is the new ? lion. You arc n.dead manjl" ... .. . -?,:? r?. The whole andience rose. 4 handsome fncEs; oE; those dead and gone , Roman women I—these were iiof their ghosts.;: But Bartouro did not vouchsafe him a'glnnco, —only he trod swiftly fprward, and struck ; the great be.ist a in tSeyface. It was tho death-blowVof couragtv,'T.fi'e '.''?'? lion; amazed for one heart bsat,:\vith tho:". jiext did not pause to crouch crd springing," but had :thrqw.himself .in',poo mass .upon ? Barfouroi who folte'reiland half fell, bnt rose again, and lifted his arms, that *wero.liKe tfprfiigs of steel, to thruit : tho' beas6 away. Then, as if lightning fell, the arms dropppd powerless, the man snnk slowly down, hla x eyes wide open nnd staring ion the lion, his face whiter than ashes, the blood pouring - from his side.: ... ..... ~...,- .. Women were fainting now in the andieneOj; children were sbrieking, men were springing forward; the people of the menagerie were . running to pet eomo weapon, an axe, a piatol, anything—there was not one who;dared to enter tho c.ago and take hia prey from the , dreadfnl thing which would devour it befbro our very eyes for all wo knew. : . ??.'.. '"'".: All at once, in that swift, breathless in- . stant, a ball of fire.ahot through the air from onu end of the cage to the other. It. was'the leopard who had satns sentinel. In a second his mnte had followed. One had no time io note their superb bsauty, nor to /wonder at their, fnrious spring, bufore thu tiger had - hurled himself upon them, and all three had fallen with a 'yellon the lion, who tore hln nlaws awiy, and half forgot Bartouro, to trim A u on them. ?.?'?"' : ' ' '.''''? Whether it was love of thcir'maiiter, or/; whethereomefore.it?cint still lingering about' the wild brate, harlrous'.d tho neVor ? before. ;; awakened rage of their blood, no one cm say they wore giving their lives for Bartouro-r-ao, "much was certain. , . ' ' ?:;?.'?-? " Come out—como nut I" wo cried in one voice, "Oh, you are mad, Bartourb 1" : ; : , -... He did not deign ub a look ; but hia voice rose over.tho snarl and roar and cry of the struggling boasts, and over the uproar awak ened in tho neighboring.cages, like'a blast of Wind—? ; ' ; " ''?' .'?'' ??' ' -.?"" ' ???. : y '-y: : :V'\, : "And leave my leopards io die?" , , ':"'-. I', : Inamomnut he had darted forward, tho helpless arm dangling frohi hisshoul<ier,.but: his right hand grasping his wip ; and as the . lion, turning at tho side glance \vliich';ho' caught of his first assailant, regardless of leo pards or tigers, shook them off with a mighty shudder, and collected himsplf fpr.ascconjV leap upon him, B.irtouro ran up wiili his' whip, and with the precision of a mnrkBm'nn, he had flecked its thong first in one eye oCr tho lion, and then, tho olher, elippiug aside na the lion roso to spring with a yell'of pain': and agoii7, and fell sprawiing and rolling: over, striking.against Uio iron sides, of '.tlrn cagp, pathering itself together^.again, ,ann crouching as still as the sphinx, , *; .. ~ Another ray of light rievcrxntertfl tlioso thonj-flecked eyes. The lion wiis stone blind from ttiat day, ': : .;? ???-. :?'.'? -rl The whole scene had not occupied- three minutes. At Us close Bnrtoiiro caught his torn leopards and tossed them into'-the other end of the inclosure, sir.gle-avmcd, draw hia tiger, although very bndly maimed, away by tho jaws, clanged down the iron door, be tween, stepped out, shut the ca>!o behind him, bowad to' the audience—just as the circus roaster and hia assistants dashedin, with guns and sivonjs— nnd r.m oil as i£ ho had no more than trod upon a lly. ?;? The Dear Croatures-,— When a youns man deceives bis best girl, and she finds it. out, it usually leads up to a serious:.' cry-Bis. ' . , v . ' ' ' ' Ono reason why the homely girl takes the scholarship prize ia b'neanso ebo looks into books more than into mirrors. Ko man c:m court a erosi dyed girl without being jealous. Arid the cause isthht she always ecenis'tobe' looking at and smiling npon some other fellow,-- ? ? ;. ? : :- I ? Please His Friends.—" Will yon plcr.6e (insert this obituary notice!" asked an" old gentleman of an editor, "I make,bold' to nsk it, because the deceased hail a great niacy friends about hero who'll bo glad to hear of his death." .. "" Cause for Gallautry.—When a young man politely offered Ms seat In a tram car to" an old gentleman, and then went nnd Btood on tho platform, a follow passenger eaid,—v '?'. "I am glad to see,sir,a young man like you pay that respect and deference toold ago which it should alivaya command." \ "Yes,sir," replied the youth, "thatold code; n , is worth a million dollars." Guessed Hβ Had Bad News-—Mrs. Partington was not so much a myth as cynical jmbelievcra atserr,' , For instanco, Aunty Becky Drown ono morning laat week came into the breakfast room with ayery tnuoh troubled countenance. .Oce of the family remarked It aan asked her what was tho matter, ? -<? "I'm "fraid Jlr. Sparks has got some bad news j I jest sco ft telpgrr.ph boy go rldin , up to his houso on his cyclopsdy." " You say yon want to marry my daugh ter ; have you spoken to her ?" "Yes,sir," replied the youaj man, , 'and have gained her consent." . "Well, it Bho said 'yes* that settles it, AnTthing I might Bay or do wouldn't have tue'slightestinfliieneo." : ? ' ?.'.." ????'.?;r Tben the young man goes homo nnd wonders If ho Isn't to young to marrysuch a' girl, ?'???? GG'9 ?? :' 