FEMALE FEANCHISE. We- are sorry to see Mr. David Buchanan taking his place in the pnblic papers as - an opponent of the - proposed enfranchisement of women. Not from the man who so persistently and successfully argued for their equality with man on the law of divorce did we expect to see such an ill-liberal use of his powers. That law which gave to a man the right to divorce his wife for adultery, and denied the right of a woman to divorce her husband for the same crime, was only one phase of the great feadal idea that woman was the vassal of man, and he, as her leige iord, was sole law-maker. That his injury to her was not at all comparable to her in jury to him. Now another phase of the same false idea of that which Mill calls the subjection of women, survives in the denial of her right to a voice in the representation of her country, while subject to the laws of that country: although the liberality of modern politics has asserted manhood suffrage to be the necessary crowning point of free institutions. We are not now required to prove the correctness of this view. It may be a mistaken one. It is quite possible that in practice universal suffrage may turn out to be universal suffering, and that the abuses arising therefrom may drive the people back again to restrictions and qualifications. As a matter of practical politics, however, it must be conceded that the present sys tem demands the representation in the legislature of those who are bound by the laws made thereby, and who pay the taxes demanded by the State. Upon that broad basis stands the unshaken founda tion of the franchise of women. They must obey the laws and pay the taxes, and therefore they should have a voice in electing the legislators. Nothing that could bo argued in detail as to the unfit ness of some women, the dislike of its exercise by others, the delicacy and refine ment of others, could weigh a feather's weight against the absolute justice which demands the right. Mr. Buchanan draws an unhappy picture of the coarseness, the brutality, the sottiahness, ignorance, bribery, lawlessness, and stupidity of many of the men who now have the right of voting : well what then ? He does not propose to disfranchise these men, or others because of them; why then continue the disfranchisement of all women because Borne may be unfit, or unwilling to vote. What is sauce for the gander ought surely besauce for the goose. That was Mr. Buchanan's argument on the Divorce Amendment Bill — and it 'demands con sistent: application now. There is one wrong which should be everywhere repeated until it is righted. We deprive one-half of the people of their civil rights of representation, and yet we subject that half to the laws of a legislature elected by the other half. Y et the excluded half are on the whole certainly as thoughtful, wise, ; thrifty, industrious, orderly, and patriotic citizens as the other half. We cannot see any possibility of avoid ing or weakening this argument for abolishing this flagrant abuse. Mr. Buchanan makes a few attempts which indeed we hastily see he does not himself trust. The women he says would not use the . suffrage in any great numbers', if they had it ; but what reason is that for denying them a right ? Many thou sands of- men do not ordinarily record their votes ; but this would be no reason for depriving them of their right to vote. "They are represented already by their fathers, brothers and sons " says he. Why this is the old tory argument in favour of the rotten boroughs and nominee members before reform. The tories defended the old abuses. They said that the people were represented by their "natural leaders." My Lord, or Sir Thomas, of course represented his tenantry and employees andthenominated rich manufacturer represented his hands <fcc. What then did the people want more?. Here is the thing's ghost jabbering again. The women have no choice -which is not already expressed by .their representatives, men, whom how ever they must not elect. Surely the multitude of refined women, mothers of families, widows living on fixed incomes, inheritors of property, educated and capable women, intelligent employers of labour, maiden ladies em ployed in: teaching, in comforting the dis tressed, in working institutions, in serving the poor, in training or being trained for hospital or ambulance service, &c.;, are as capable of choosing legislators as Bill Sykes or Bill Nye; as the Game Chicken, or Larry the Pet Bruiser, not toBpeak of the unmentionable ruffians who are sufficiently exposed in the press. There are, of course, abandonedwomen, but their num bers are insignificant in proportion to those of men in the same stratum. All that we can see in Mr. Buchanan's reason for cheating women of their political rights, is that by which he appears to treat them as children. He would deprive them for their own good . It was. the very reason offered by the pro-slavery advo cates before the Civil War in the United States of America. Indeed, to their shame, even the Southern Ohubches took up this very line of argument. It was for Quashy's good that he should be enslaved. He was brought thereby into the atmosphere of civilisation, of Chris tianity. In fact he ought to be very grateful for the blessing of slavery. Iu point of fact many of the poor slaves themselves used the same language. The first use how ever which they made of their knowledge and of opportunity was to become free ; and after trial we do not suppose they would willingly relapse into slavery. Nor would the women. They are now capable of holding their own property, and hold ing property, they vote for municipal re presentatives. It does not seem to have demoralised them in any degree ; they are just as gentle, as winning, as refined as 'if they had never signed a voting paper, and if the ordeal of an ordinary polling booth is so terribly revolting i : as Mr. Buchanan describes, surely a way might be found to receive the ladies', votes -in a more suitable way. .v: . , W e confess we never detected any or these horrors which he imagines1 in the booths. The ballot system seems to us to make elections as quiet as to approach to stupidity. Whatever excitement and roughness there is, takes place in, the can vass, at the meetings, in the bars, &c.;, certainly not at the polling. At all events very delicate and high-born ladies in England, where there was no protection of the ballot, braved the roughest arrd most excited canvass, working openly for their husbands or party, and contracted no unfeminine vices, those very ladies being shamefully disqualified from voting, by their sex alone, although as fully qualified as any gentleman in the country in every moral and intellectual sense. But our Australian women must >be kept under a glass shade ; the dropping; of a -voting paper into a box would ; ruin their delicacy for ever. , v ' Mr. Buchanan brings forward, a reason with which we, the Protestant Standard might be supposedto sympathise. Stripped 'of its veil, it means that the Eomish Irish women's votes would double the elective power of the Eomish faction in the colony ; for they would vote solid for their -Church, and against Public Schools. This we should much regret— just as we regret the disgrace of the presence of certain members in Parliament, pushed in by that faction, voting solidly. But if they have a constitutional right to a vote, their probable misuse ot it is no argument against their enfranchisement. Let right be done — After that we may find methods of preventing its abuse. Our enfranchised women would be three times as many, and"most of them would probably vote with their male relatives. We think we could check-mate Bridget and Mick together, and by a large majority top. For we do not believe Mr. Buchanan is right in his conjecture that the Milesian ladies would vote solid, and the others refrain altogether from voting. Our ladies will do much, we trust, for their husbands, brothers, and sons, at elections and at other times. And for the refine ment of it ; we should rather see them depositing their votes in the ballot box, than whirling round, bosom and back uncovered, with: some strangers arm around their waist. If they > -bad: more politics, perhaps they- would have -less frivolities. 