Mr James Service holds a position both personally and politically which makes his return to Victoria a matter of more than ordinary interest. In his case the work of the inevitable interviewer had the somewhat unusual justification that it proposed to furnish the public with some friendly chat from one in whom all Australia takes an interest, and who stands in the very front rank of Australian states men. It hardly needed Mr Service’s personal statement to assure us that his interest in Victorian politics is as keen as ever, and it goes without saying that if his health permits, he will be again found on the benches of the Legislative Assembly. But a general election is a whole session away, while the chauces of an earlier dissolution are but vague, and the prospect of a bye-election equally so. To resign a seat in the Chamber in order to make room for so admittedly able a states man would require an amount of self abnegation which we fear is somewhat phenomenal in Victoria. So it is needless to speculate upon any party changes which Mr Service’s re- entrance into political life may hereafter bring about. Mr Service’s tone about the improved regard in which the colonies are held in Britain is of course highly congratulatory. The feeling existing so lately as four or five years ago, that the Australian settlements were a trouble to the Imperial authorities without .any compensating advantage has wholly disappeared. The Colonial and Indian Exhibition, and later on the Conference, helped to hasten this change. Imperial departments learnt first that Australia in the concrete is something to be respected, and after wards that it is something to be proud of. It appears that the inception of the Naval Forces Bill was due to the Imperial Federation League, and if' so it is only fair to place so important an item to its credit. Mr Service considers that the bill has associated the Australasian colonies and Great Britain in a partnership that will not be easily broken, and which will probably extend to other things. The interest taken by leading British exhibitors in our forthcoming Exhibition is represented as being highly satisfactory. In the matter of cable communication with Europe, Mi- Service is a strong advocate of a Canadian Pacific line, the alternative route which, as our readers will remem ber, has been considerably supported in these columns. His policy with re gard to ocean cables is certainly a bold one. He would have the various colonies interested combine to purchase the Eastern Extension Company’s cables on liberal terms, and then lay a second line through Canada and the Pacific. He is confident that the undertaking would permit of greatly reduced rates, and still yield a hand some profit. Our ex-Premier was, of course, asked the immediate cause of the last Victorian loan being regarded with so much favor, and his answer is interesting. He attributes the high premium obtained for the loan chiefly to the announcement that our railways had handed into the Treasury a net profit of £40,000 for the previous year. Said he, “ That single fact has done more to benefit the colony than if we sent home twelve apostles to preach the gospel of the prosperity of Victoriu." Mr Service is most earnest in his advice that on no consideration should this margin of profit be liquidated, as its effect upon our status in the London money market is most important. The most interesting, and in some respects the most strange part of Mi- Service’s sketchy narrative to his interviewers, is that where he deals with the social changes now visibly in progress in Great Britain. He thinks that the suffering amongst the lower classes there is overrated, and more over is not growing. Asa spectator of the riot in Trafalgar Square he believes that it was not a movement of honest but unemployed workmen, but was due partly to socialists, partly to political underplay, and partly to anarchists and thieves. He is of opinion that socialism, as usually understood, is not making progress in Britain, but .that these various social troubles are merely by- products of a great movement on the part of the masses towards what the French call cgalile. Mr Service is confident that the doctrine of universal equality will, before long be dominant .in Britain, and he adds— “ Very rightly too, I say. A working man is as good as any man possessing rank ami riches, and the working class is deter mined to bring the equality about and make it acknowledged. The question is between working men and employing men. I like that term better than employers, and I do not think we have any need to be frightened of the march onward. lam speaking as au employer now, and I say that all we have got. to do is to see that whenever fair demands arc made no objection shall be raised; but when there is unfairness, then we must stand boldly, and, believe me, the side that has justice with it will conquer. What we have to ask on both sides is—‘ Is it honest?’ ‘ls it fair?’ ‘ls it right?’ ‘I am a man, and you are a man.' ‘ Let things be fair between us.’ Then we need not he afraid. Believe me, it is all coming round to that great, that grand, that mighty prin ciple. ‘ Whatsoever ye would that men should do unto you do ye also uuto'them.’ ” Mr Service is, of course, looking to nil, as yet, distant future. The doc trine of equality may be equitably right in itself, but society will have to be accustomed by degrees to many of the great changes which its formal adoption would involve, or there would be a general dislocation of social insti tutions more to be dreaded than atiy existing evils. But that our ex- Premier should be so profoundly con vinced of the coming triumphs of eclectic socialism, and that those suc cesses are right and just, is in itself a very significant testimony to the magnitude of the forces which are at work in the direction of social revolution and reform. The creed of the advanced social apostles is as yet unwritten, and seems to have only outlived at present the central proposi tion of the original equality of man. It is one thing to convince a man’s reason of this, but another to re arange our whole social aud political machinery in accordance with it, for that machinery has been planned and worked for many centuries on wholly different lines. Still, a socialism which developed absolute honesty of dealing between man aud man, and in which there was a working majority on the side of truth and honor, would he a nearer approach to the millennium than the world has ever yet seen. One of the first items which came along the wires after the repair of the late breakdown in central Australia was the message announcing that the Privy Council has dismissed with costs the appeals against the decision of the Queensland Courts in the late jumping cases at Mount Morgan. By die re sult of their appeals there hung the title to a mining property estimated at a money value of at least fifteen millions of pounds, as had the jumpers made good their case, the' flaws in the original title would have ap plied to all the most valuable area included within the Mount Morgan Company’s boundaries. It will be suffi cient to state that the title of the Mount Morgan Company was attacked on the ground of technical and other irregularities in the issue of the leases, and there was a further strongly im plied charge of corruption against the Land and Mining Departments of the colony of Queensland. The case was heard in Brisbane, in March last, and the court held that the plaintiffs, or jumpers’ case was bad, inasmuch as they had not set up any admissible title to the lands from which they sought to eject the company. An appeal was allowed to the judicial committee of the Privy Council, and evidence taken on all the issues. Their lordships re served judgment some time since, and, as our cablegrams inform us, it was de livered on Saturday morning last, dis missingtheappealswithcosts, and there fore upholding in the most emphatic man ner the verdict of the court below, and mulcting the appellants in thousands of pounds for costs. The full text of the judgment will be looked for with great interest, as in the opinion of many the jumpers had a very strong case. But their lordships were probably dis- I inclined to dispossess the present holders in favor of applicants whose only title to the ground arose out of the alleged discovery of an informality in the conveyance or lease from the Crown. We ’ must assume that the Privy Council sitting in Equity as a court of appeal would take due cogni sance of all the surroundings of the cases, and decide on the merits quite [ irrespective of technical informalities I or ordinary legal routine, and that, therefore, substantial justice has been done. The heavy cost of an appeal to the Privy Council will in this case be further augmented by the costs of the other side, and the total makes the fighting of a mining case to the bitter end a very expensive luxury. The discussion of the City Council at their meeting on Monday on the tram way question was a very important one, and it is to be hoped the outcome will be satisfactory to the ratepayers and the public at large. At present there are portions of the line not only unsightly but actually dangerous, and we are glad to note that councillors are determined not to accept such slip shod work for the city. The method of procedure pointed out by the mayor and supported by Crs Little, M'Donald, and Salter, is a very simple one, and if promptly acted upon co'uld not fail to place the question beyond the Law Courts, and secure the carrying out of the altera tions required to the satisfaction of the council’s engineer. The. coun cil, however, having before them an offer of compromise from the Tramway Company, preferred on Cr Claxtom’s motion referring the Mayor’s report and the company’s offer to the Works Committee for consideration and re port. Cr Little entered a strong pro test against this proposal, as he feared that by accepting the compromise, the council might become involved in the lawsuits, he said, pending for the ac cident which occurred a few nights since. No doubt the Works Com mittee will consider the position and thequestionsinvolvedfrom all sides, and as the Mayor pointed out, they would be in no worse position after the com inittee had considered thfe matter than before. "Very little exception will be taken to the compromise offered by the company, but to make the carrying out of the alterations demanded con tingent upon the acceptance by the council of the ;£5OO as rental to 30th September, is to say the least of it, most unsatisfactory, and the wonder is that strong exception was not taken to it at the council table. Evidently, how ever, the council are -anxious to deal generously with the company, and “all’s well that ends well,” and this result the ratepayers, tired of the many delays, will expect from the deliberations of their representatives. There was not a heavy list of cases at tiie Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court at Ballarat yesterday; Mr Justice Kerferd pre siding. Richard Rigby was found guilty of an assault with intent to' rob, at Clunes. He was sentenced to 12 months’ imprison ment, the first week in every alternate month in solitary confinement. Christina Cameron, a domestic servant, pleaded guilty to a charge of perjury committed iu connec tion with a preseeutiou for Sunday trading at Sebastopol recently. The Crown Prose cutor (Mr J. T. T. Smith) asked for a light sentence to be passed, and his Honor or dered the prisoner to be confined iu gaol for one week. William Stratton, who was charged with the larceny of a coat, and found guilty, was sentenced to nine months’ im prisonment, with hard labor. William Dainty, an insurance agent, who was so weak that he had to be carried in and out of court, pleaded guilt} 7 to three charges of ob taining money by false preteuces, and was sentenced .to three months’ imprisonment on each charge, the terms to be cumulative. Last summer there were numerous com plaints relative to the discoloration and strong smell of the water from the Ballarat reservoirs when drawn from the tap. At the time enquiry was made of the Water Commission authorities and other supposed competent, judges, when it was stated that the change that had taken place in the water was due to the heated condition of the ground, which after a spell of hot weather affected the water in the pipes. Had the work of reticulation been carried on at a greater depth than has been the case, of course there would be no cause for com plaint. This summer complaints are again numerous regarding the Gong Gong supply, and it may be fairly assumed that the rea sons given last year for the unwelcome change in water will apply to that of the present season. The Water Commission management scout the idea that the water has been discolored or rendered impure or rank iu smell by decayed matter getting into the reservoirs. Mr F. W. Claxton, who for many years past has assisted his father, Mr F. M. Claxton, in his extensive auctioneering busi ness, is, we learn, about to start in the same line iu connection with a well-known Mel bourne firm. He has been appointed to the management of Messrs Munro and Bailleau’s Northeote branch, and will proceed to his new residence on Friday next. He has taken out an auctioneer’s license, and will com mence his duties without dehiy. Mr Ciax tou, jun., has on mauy occasions willingly tendered his services as secretary to public movements, in connection with which he has labored hard and successfully. He will therefore be missed on many occasions, but his friends will be pleased to know that his removal from Ballarat is likely to result iu his own advantage. Mr E. Millard, chairman of our local Exchange, was elected yesterday to a seat in the Stock Exchange of Melbourne, the entrance fee being £lOOO. Mr Millard has no present intention of leaving Ballarat. The annual meeting of the Ballarat Public Library was held last night, Mr J. C. Molloy presiding. The annual report, which was adopted, showed that the institution had made good progress during the year, and that a uumber of valuable books had been added to the shelves. During the 12 months,, also, the interior of the library building had been thoroughly renovated, giving the place an extra cheerful appearance. The retiring members of chmmittee—Messrs W. Lake land, J. A. Mulligan, W. Robertson, J.P., and tiie Hon. D. Ham, J.P.—were re elected, also the honorary officers. To Mr 8\. E. Mendoza, the secretary, much credit is due for the elfotts put forth by him during the year. In him, the management of the library have an energetic helper, who is at all times courteous and obliging to visitors, subscribers, and others. Before the close of the proceedings reference was lhade to the proposed visit to Europe of Mr W. Scott, J.P., one of the founders of the library, and all present wished that gentle man, who was iu attendance, a pleasant voyage, hoping that he would return to Vic toria in renewed health and spirits. Threshing is now well forward throughout the Luucefield district, returns so far being satisfactory, especially for English barley and peas. Mr Jean’s crop of barley realised 60 bushels to the acre. Peas average 40 bushels, but oats are not turning out well. Potato crops are looking well, a large area being under tillage. . The rumor that Mr R. T. Moore, manager of the Ballarat tramways, intended to start in business iu Ballarat as an auctioneer, is, it appears, somewhat premature. Mr Moore casually mentioned that he might do so, but he is not yet certain that his duties will leave him sufficient time to attend to a busi ness. At the Ballarat Criminal Sessions yester day the whole of the business was transacted by shortly after two o’clock. Mr Justice Kerferd presided, and J. T. T. Smith prose cuted on behalf of the Crowu. A juryman named Wesley Boolcy, a carrier, residing iu Yuille street, was Sued £1 Is for non-attend ance. All the prisoners were either found or pleaded guilty, aud were sentenced. The only civil case set down for hearing was ad journed until the nextsittings of the Supreme Court in Ballarat. Last week an examination of those de sirous of securing a license to teach drawing iu State schools was conducted in Ballarat by Air Frank Goldstraw, B.A. Amongst the candidates was one young lady who desired to secure a certificate (showing a higher grade of proficiency iu art), but she was informed that it would necessary for lu-r to proceed to Melbourne, where only examinations for such a qualification were held. It certainly seems strange that even to these minor matters the system of centra lisation should be carried. Surely, when a professional man has to come for one exami nation, he might easily conduct the other. We mention the matter in the hope that the Minister of Education may see fit to make an alteration that would cost the State little or nothing and would benefit the public at large. The City Police Court was crowded with a large number of persons curious to hear the details of the various cases brought against Mr Onslow Knight, manager of the late “ Happy Hours” Company, by members of the company and others. A report of the cases appears in auother column. • We are requested to "call attention to a notice in our advertising columns that all deeds and papers left in the custody of the late Mr Holden, barrister-at-law, are now in the hands of Messrs Cuthbert, Wyuue and Cos., solicitors, Lydiard street. “ Your honor, I drank because I was dry; and.if the Gong Gong water was good I wouldn’t have troubled the publichouse. Do you see ?” said a man in the Eastern Police Court yesterday. The Town bench could “uot see” that the Gong Goug was responsible for the thoughtlessness of the prisoner, who was accordingly sent to gaol. Bad Goug Gong, or over strong barley-bree diluted with Gong Gong, has affected the equilibrium of a number of persons within the Eastern boundaries during the past few days. On Monday there were no fewer than 16 prisoners before the Town .Police Court, and yesterday there were 12, 10 of whom were charged with drunkenness. One of the offenders, John Connors, was a one-legged man. It was stated that he was not long ago an inmate of the Benevolent Asylum, but here he became demonstrative, and wished to “ boss” the in stitution, and on this account the master had to part with his company. The police said that Connors was not a credit to the district, and chat he should be in gaol, and to gaol he'was sent. Francis M’Donald, who had been arrested by Constable Egan, was lined 20s, iu default seven days’ im prisonment, for insulting words; aud Nicho las Ash, arrested by Constable Morrison for using obscene language, was mulct in a penalty of 40s; in default, 14 days-in prison. The “boom” in police business has brought grist to the mill of the Ballarat East cab men, who have been frequently employed in driving weak-kneed individuals to the lock up. Yesterday afternoon one Jehu earned 7s 6d in an hour in the performance of police work of the kind mentioned. Of the 28 pri soners who passed through the hands of the Town police on Monday and Tuesday, the majority were young men. In some in stances the offenders were harvest hands who, when arrested, were indulging in the silly pastime of “ knocking down their cheques.” The fi:-:al meeting of the Ballarat District Hospital Art- union Committee was held at Mr L. Reiffel’s, Bridge street, last night. All unclaimed prizes have been disposed of, and there is now an additional balance of .£lO 10s available for the Hospital, which, with the sum of £S9 10s 3d previously handed over, will make the total amount lip to £lOO 0s 3d. In consequence of the valu able services rendered by Hr J. Siiaipe, the well- known mining manager and secretary of the A.M.M.A., in connection with the above, the committee unanimously decided to recommend him as a life subscriber to the Hospital. The Ballarat Liedertafel give their fifty sixth grand concert (for ladies and gentle men) in the Alfred Hall this evening, commencing at S o’clock. The leading artists on this occasion arc Mrs Bethel!, and Mr Gladstone Wright, the eminent bari tone. The society’s admirable orchestra will also play selections during the evening. Extra tickets are obtainable from the secre tary by subscribers at the office of the society, 46 Lydiard street, at the usual rates. Miss Emma Scott, daughter of Mr W. Scott, J.P., of Ballarat East, will be mar ried to-morrow to Mr John Bryant, of the local branch of the Union Bank, and son of Mr Bryant, the well-known mining manager. The young lady has been made the recipient of numerous presents. The Railway brass baud performed last night on the bridge of the Western station. A select programme was discoursed, and was much appreciated by those who had assem bled within the building. Ballarat has reason to feel proud of the Railway Band. Its supporters are desirous of arranging for a public performance iu the Sturt street rotunda. Mr Justice Iverferd, at the Criminal Sessions of the Supreme Court at Ballarat yesterday, complimented a witness named George Vining, a general dealer residing in Main road, Ballarat East. It was owing to information furnished to the police by Vining that a man named William Stratton was arrested on a charge of the larceny of a coat, ami was yesterday convicted of the offence. His Honor, while remarking that Vining only did his duty, added that too frequently civilians did not think it worth while to go out of their way to assist the police iu their efforts to prevent or detect crime. An elegant Masonic banner has been pre sented to the Gordon Lodge, No. 2112, Mel bourne, by J. W. Simmonds, of Ascot Vale. The material is of bine silk, with insignia in eacli corner, worked in white silk. In the centre is an oil portrait of General Gordon, oval in form, encircled with a'' wreath of leaves. Tile needlework is very chaste iu execution, and evidences considerable skill on the part of Miss Tankard, of Ballarat. The portrait is an admirable likeness of General Gordon, the production having been entrusted to Mr T. Price, our local artist. William Towns, on remand from Portland, was charged at the City Police Court yester day with having stolen, on the 29th October last, a watch, value £3, the property of Janies Young. He was remanded until Fri day. Alexander Young, charged with wife desertion, was remanded for 14 days. Messrs Sleep, Richards, Chalk, and Murray, J.s.P., were the presiding magistrates. At a meeting of the general committe of the Ballarat Cricket Club yesterday afternoon, the resignations of Mr E. G. Wollaston as secretary, and Mr F. W. Claxton as trea surer, were received. The latter resigned in consequence of his intended removal to Northeote, and the former owing to a dis agreement with the lessee of the Pavilion hotel. A special meeting of the club will be called for Wednesday next, in order to fill the vacancies. A successful tea meeting and social was held last night in the Y.M.C.A. rooms. Tea was provided during the afternoon and even ing, and was partaken of by a uumber of friends of the association, belonging to various denominations. The social was opened with singing, and prayer by the Rev. T. Scott-Millar, after which the general secretary, who had charge of the proceedings, delivered a short address. During thc evening Miss S. Tonkin and Mr J. Davies sang solos, and Messrs R. Gray, J. P. Mackinnon, J. Huston, and H. Wells gave recitations, to the entire satisfaction of the audience. Miss E. Tonkin presided at the piano. The male choir connected with the association also rendered several choruses, Mr E. Curtis presiding at the organ. During the evening some of the articles left over from the late gift sale were disposed of, and altogether the gathering was most suc cessful. During the week ended 2nd iust. the sum of £SG,SSO 9s lOd was received from the Victorian railways as against £57,139 4s Gd for the corresponding week in last year. Constable Kelly, of Ballarat East, was yesterday discharged from the police force. The ex-constable, who is a young man, only recently arrived iu Ballarat, having pre viously been engaged as .a clerk iu a superin tendent's office. Tho general secretary of the Y.M.C.A. (Mr W. Herbert Jones) lias, we understand, received a letter from the Rev. Dr Marshall Lang, of the Scots’ Church, Melbourne, con senting to deliver a lecture in aid of the funds of the association. Dr Lang’s well known abilities should certainly secure for him a very large audience. Among the pateuts that have been regis tered recently is one that has the double merit of being both cheap and useful. It is styled the “Bushman’s Companion, and con sists of a metal case about three inches long and say an inch or an iuch and a half iu diameter. In this is contained a small but correct compass, a “ burniug glass,” and a supply of timler. Each of these it will be seen should prove of use to.anj’one in the bush. The article the patentee will be able to supply at about 2s apiece. The following persons were admitted to the Hospital yesterday :—Richard Smalley, a resident of the Creswick road, suffering from severe bruises on the head. Thomas Walker, Bolwarra, bruised side and broken arm, caused by being thrown out of a cart, and Gcoigc Withers, injury to his ankle through being knocked down by a water cart in Sturt street. A lad named Benjamin Martin, whose parents reside iu Main street, also attended with his leg badly bruised through being ruu over by a cart. The gun club have "arranged for the use of their grounds at Wendouree for their matches on 17th iust. Mr William Little, district agent for the Melbourne Permanent Building Society, re ports that the balance-sheet for the quarter ending December was presented to the directors at their last meeting. The figures of the actuary (Mr James Cole, F.1.A.V.) show a large expansion of business. Tho re ceipts for the quarter amounted to £167,940, of which deposits amounted to £63,310, and repayments of loans £56,203. The .amount paid iu loans to borrowers was £79,200, and 160 investing and 1267 borrowing shares were issued during thafperiod. Complaint has been made to us that there are no drinking cups at' a certain State school in the city, and that the scholars are consequently compelled to indulge iu the objectionable practice of drinking with their mouths to the taps. Perhaps the Board of Advice will supply the necessary utensils. Miss Elizabeth Cottle was a successful candidate at the late non- clerical examina tion. |JMr J. Kennedy, the comediau, met with a severe accident at Toowo.omba, in Queens land, on Saturday night, when playing in “ The Shaughruuu.” The gun accidentally burst, shattering his left hand. He, how ever, went through the performance, re ceiving an immense ovation on his reappear ance. Mr Sam. Matthews, the well-known American wrestler, accompanied by his manager, Mr M‘Donald, arrived in Ballarat yesterday, and intends giving a series of performances here some time next week. Mr Matthews has been giving similar per formances elsewhere, the last being at Sand hurst. He is the originator of several new descriptions of athletic contests, including wrestling on horseback and broadsword con tests on horseback, in each of which he holds the championship of the world. The tourna ments here will include these novelties, to gether with wrestliug on feot and other exercises. Mr Matthews is anxious to meet some local rough rider in wrestling on horse back. The arrangements for the tourna ment are not yet completed, but will be an nounced in a day or two. It is probable that they will take place in the Columbia Skating Rink, commencing on Tuesday next. Mr Beathy Kingston, the foreign corre spondent of the London Daily Telegraph, in his new book, “ Monarehs I Have Met,” says;—“ At a fete at Stargard the present Crown Prince said to the author while the baud was playing the ‘ Wedding March,’ ‘Thatis my favorite piece of music, for that was the first thing I heard after my mar riage, 12 years ago. You were a youngster then, M. Kingston, on that day, which was such a happy one for me.’ Among the group of servants and hangers-on of the palace, gathered together in a corner of the court, were two little girls clamoring per sistently to see the King. The crowd had passed them out to the front, where they were very prominent. His Majesty had noticed the episode, and, beckouiug the children towards him, said, ‘ What is it you want, you small people ?’ ‘ We want to see the King, sir.’ ‘ Well,’ said the Kaiser, patting tiiem gently on the head, ‘you must look up at me—l am the King.’ Where upon the children stared awe-stricken at the lofty ligure and smiling face of their monarch, apparently unable to understand how it was'possible they should be there, actually having dared to speak to such an illustrious personage. This was in 1569; and after two old Waterloo heroes, who had also fought at Ligny, had been introduced to the King by General Mantenffel, Mr Kingston had a conversation with the elder of the two veterans, who was in his Sltii year. He spoke to the author (with, as it were, the ghost of a dead enthusiasm lighting up his worn, wrinkled lineaments) about Wellington and Lord Anglesey. ‘Those were soldiers,’ lie said—‘ men of iron, indeed —alle Ehre,” and iie raised his trembling hand as if to the salute. -‘And what troops your English men proved themselves —for standing fast to the death there is nothing like them. Our army is a fine one, hut you English at Waterloo—ay, and at Quatre Bras—you were immovable.”’ In an interesting articleon “The Emperor’s Income, published in the Auysburger Abend zeituny, Herr Karl Hermann (says the Aye) gives some details respecting the revenues of other sovereigns and presidents. It will surprise a great many to learn that, as German Emperor, William I. has no income at all. True, the Reichstag voted for the Emperor a sum of 2,(500,000 marks (£130,000) in the budget of 18S7-SS. But this is not a source of income for the Emperor at all, but merely serves as a fund at his dis position for granting pensions aud gratuities. Consequently, the Imperial dignity in Ger many is an unpaid honotary office. What income the German Emperor does derive lie receives as King of Prussia. As such, his revenues amounted for ISS7-SS altogether to 12,219,296 marks (£610,965), of which 7,719,290 marks were taken from the in come received from public lauds aud forests, and the remainder (4,500,000 marks) voted by the Prussian Chambers. Out of this 12.250.000 marks (which conies to 33,477 marks, or £I67S, a day) the King of Prussia has to allow their income to the Princes of the Royal house. The expenditure for the Imperial house of Russia amounted, ac cording to the published balance-sheet for ISS4, to no less than 10,560 roubles (the rouble at 2s makes £1,056,000) in that year, or neatly 300,000 roubles (£3000) a day. In Austro-Hungary the countries represented in the Reichrath grant a civil list of 4.650.000 tiorins, aud Hungary contributes the same amount, making together 9,300,000 florins (£930,000) a year, or about 26,000 florins (£2600) a day. The civil list of the Queen of England is £409,000 a year, or about £ll2O a day. But then separate in comes are annually voted by Parliament to the Princes and Princesses of the Royal house. Italy is also sumeu hat more liberal than Germany in providing for the reigning family. A sum of 15,350,000 lite (£616,000) is annually voted for the “civil list aud ap panages.” This amounts to about 42,000 lire a day'. The civil list of the Kings of Spain is 9,350,000 pesetas (£374,000). Japan aiso has a considerable civil list. It is 2,340,090 yeks (£452,000). France pays her President in “salary aud expenses of representation ” the sum of 1.200.000 f. a year. The President of the United States receives a modest income of 50.000 dol. (£10,000). Mr W. Auketell, a very' old colonist, died at Toorak on Friday night, at the age of 67 years. The deceased gentleman was the father of Mr Auketell, formerly of the Lou don Chartered Bank at Btawell and Lands borough, who was foully murdered at Roebourne, Western Australia, about three years ago. Mr Gladstone on his travels (says the Arym) is attracting almost as much atten tion, and arousing quite as much curious speculation, as Lord Randolph Churchill’s doings in Russia, concerning which a fresh crop of rumors spring up like mushrooms day after day. Mr Gladstone very complai sautly submitted himself to be interviewed by the representative of a Florentine news paper, and he confided to the journalist a selection of views almost as remarkable as those communicated to the Parisian reporter a day or two before. Mr Gladstone said that but for having to fight for the liberties of the Irish people, he would gladly retire from political life. He scarcely hoped, how ever, to accomplish everything he desired for the improvement of Ireland before he died. Mr Gladstone’s sojourn in Italy has given rise to all sorts of reports concerning his alleged wish to influence the Pope in favor of the Irish Home Rule movement, some of the Italian journals explicitly stat ing that the great English statesman has already made overtures in that direction. Whether there be a grain of truth in these statements cannot be judged at this distance from the scene, but it has been reported and not contradicted that Mr Gladstone has applied to be admitted to an audience of his Holiness, and the Pope is understood to have responded with a most cordial iuvita tion. An Age wire from Sydney on Monday says :—“ Foley and Burke signed articles to day' for a light to the finish, with 2 oz gloves, in a 24 feet ring, for £5OO a side, on Ist May'. Tile match is to take place in private, at a place to be agreed upon.” It is stated that the arrangements for the purchase of Mack’s hotel for a coffee palace are all but completed, aud that the Hon, James Munro and Mr M. H. Davies, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly 7, are committed to the new local enterprise. Mr George Spink, a well-known fanner and vigneron residing at Tarrawiugee, met with a terribly' sudden death on Saturday night last. It is presumed that Spink went down to his wine cellar, and in the aet of coming up the steps fell to the bottom, and fractured the base of his skull. His family, missing him, went in search, aud found him dead in the cellar. Deceased was a member of the North Ovenshire Council, and was well known throughout the district. Mr Henry Toosee, manager for Messrs Rawlinson and Bland, solicitors at New South Wales, has been found dead, shot through the head. It is supposed de ceased committed suicide. A large meeting was held at the Me chanics’ Institute, Geelong, on Monday evening, when resolutions in favor of a local option poll were carried unanimously. A young mau-who received a sentence of two months ut Toning on Thursday for larceny (says the Camper down Chronicle) is credited with having taken down and car ried away' a tent, in which a railway “navvy” was sleeping at the time. The man knew nothing of his loss until he was aroused from his sleep by' the coldness of the air. A horrible discovery was made on Satur day at a deserted tenement on the Morrisons main road, about two miles from Elaine. A man named Simon Eastwood proceeded to the place during the afternoon for the pur pose of removing a meat safe which he had purchased from Mrs Lewis, the owner of the premises, who left for Melbourne in com pany with one of her daughters on the 20th ult. He had not been at the house many minutes when he noticed in the adjoining garden what appeared at first to be a portion of the carcase of a sheep, but on closer in spection proved to be the remains of an in fant, shockingly mutilated, and in an ad vanced stage of decomposition. The arms and legs had been gnawed off, apparently by pigs, and near at hand was found a small trench in the soft soil, about 9 inches in depth, together with a piece of cloth, indi cating that the child had been buried and subsequently unearthed by the animals which had made it their prey. Eastwood at once communicated with Mounted-constable Des mond, of Meredith, and the body was con veyed to the police station at that township, where an inquest will be held before the dis trict deputy coroner (Mr N. J. Maude) and a jury of 12 to-day. Mr Heron was in Mere dith on Monday on business, aud would have held an inquest respecting the death of the child but there had not been time to perform the necessary preliminaries in the case. From the information to hand at present (says the Geelong Advertiser) it appears that the police have some suspicions of a young woman named Mary Lewis, a daughter of Mrs Lewis, who arrived from Melbourne at the house near Elaine on the 17th ult., and returned on the following day. An interesting point was raised at the sitting of the Metropolitan Licensing Com t on Monday (says the Argus), when an ap plication was made by a grocer for the transfer of his license to sell nine and spirits from the shop which he had been occupying to another into which he had recently re moved. The landlord of the premises which the grocer hail previously occupied objected to the transfer being granted on the ground that it would deteriorate the value of his property. The question then arose whether it was essential to obtain the consent of the landlord first of all, and as to whether it was the shop or the grocer that was licensed. After hearing counsel on both sides at some length, the court decided that although the Licensiug Act was silent on the matter, there was an analogy between the transfers of the licenses of publicans and those of grocers* licenses, and that as it was necessary in the case of the former to obtain the sanction of " the owners of premises to the removal of the licenses from them, this should also be re quired in the case of a orocer’s license, and, therefore, the court refused the applica tion. It has transpired, in connection with the breakage of the rails on the up track from Sandhurst to Melbourne, between Lancelield road and Sunbury stations (says the Age) that, immediately prior to the damage being discovered, a goods train had passed over the lines at the rate of about GO miles an hour. The maximum speed at which a goods train should travel is 30 miles an hour, and the driver will, in consequence, be called upon for an explanation as to the extraordi nary speed at which he ran his train on this occasion. Mr Greene, one of the Railway Commissioners, accompanied by several other officers of the department, visited the section on Sunday, and discovered that the injury w'as far more extensive than had been first supposed, the fractures and bends in the rails occurring over a distance of two miles. The matter will be carefully investi gated. The necessary repairs are being effected, and meantime the traffic is worked at some inconvenience. The evening passen ger train from Sandhurst on Monday night was 20 minutes late in arriving at Spencer street, owing to the mishap. The Secretary for Mines states that his quarterly report, which will be issued in a few day's, will contain, in addition to the usual statistical information, papers on the following subjects :—Probable trend of leads in the Dowling Forest and Midas group of mines; geological report on an alleged auri ferous reef at Nowa Nowa; report on an outcrop of coal at Darlimurla, Gippsland; seeoud progress report on a geological traverse of the western boundary of the county’ of benambra; report on the porcelain deposits of Noyong; third geological pro gress report on the Mitta Mitta district; pre liminary notes on the geology of L-ald Hills Creek, Omeo; remarks as to mining timber, and the destruction of forests in the Chiltern district; and summary of prospecting opera tions in various localities. Mr Langtree shows an increase of over COOO oz of gold for tiie three months ending December as compared with the previous quarter, aud, judging from the encouraging reports re ceived from the principal mining centres, he anticipates that the year just entered upon will be more prosperous, from a mining point of view, than any year of the last decade. At the Meredith Police Court on Monday, before Mr Heron, P.M., and a full bench of magistrates, the Ballan Shire Council charged Joseph Hollingsworth, of Ballark, on five different occasions with obstructing a proclaimed road, by placing a post and rail and wire fence across the road. Mr Gaunt appeared for the shire council, and Mr Salter for the defendant. The charge was made under section 399 of the Local Government Act 1874. The proclamation of the road having been proved, and evidence of the obstruction on five different occasions within a period of five months tendered, Mr Salter, for the defence, produced a certificate of title, purporting to show that the road in question, or so much of it as adjoined defendant’s land, was comprised in the Crown grant. The road was proclaimed in 1877, and the date of the certificate was 1887. The magistrates retired, and having resumed, the chairman announced the unanimous opinion of the bench that the case had been proved, and fined the defendant for the first offence 40s, with £15 7s costs, and 1s for each subsequent offence. Mr Salter asked the magistrates to state a case for the Supreme Court, on the ground that the Crown grant took precedence of the proclamation of the road as a public highway. The police magistrates replied that the bench would consider the application if made in writing. The Dunedin correspondent of the Argus states that the experience of the smaller woollen manufuetories established in various parts of New Zealand shows that many of them have been started too soon, aud compe tition is now so keen that they hardly pay expenses. This is the experience of one established at Oatnaru, Otago, where, not withstanding an increase in the turnover of £•1000, a loss iiad been made. Serious difficulties (says an Argus tele gram) appear likely to arise between some of the colliery proprietors aud the miners in the Newcastle district in New South Wales. The miners at the South Warutah Com pany’s Colliery, Charlestown, and at the Ferudale Colliery demand increased prices for hewing, on account of the coal being dirty, aud in each ease the mineowners are declining to make any concession. The pre sent is not considered an opportune time fin a strike, but some of the miners strongly favor a resort to extreme measures to attaiu their ends. An accident happened to Mr G. R. Ire land, the actor, while he was performing at Newcastle, in New South Wales, on Satur day evening. A knife, which was being used by Miss Ida Herbert in the murder scene in “ Alone in London,” grazed Mr Ireland's face and eye. Nothing serious (says the Argus) resulted at first, but now erysipelas threatens to set in, and both Mr Ireland’s eyes arc affected. An Age wire from Adelaide says:—“The Treasurer on Monday gave instructions for the arrest of Joseph Clark, paymaster of Imperial pensions, on a charge of embezzle ment. About £2OO is missing. Clark was an officer under the English Government, and had to distribute about £l7OO quarterly, the money being ailvauced by this Govern ment for the home authorities. He got several pensioners to send in receipts wTtli I their applications for amounts due to them, and then failed to remit the money. | Mr David Gaunson (writes the Hernld) has during the past few days been carefully examining the Amending Licensing Act. His labors have been rewarded by the dis covery of other most important flaws with respect to convictions obtained and for which peualties were imposed by the Licensing Court since the passiug of the new Act, which came into force on the 17th Decem ber. All such convictions are indisputably, in his opinion, invalid; aud he does not think it necessary to take the trouble of put ting the Supreme Court in motion for the purpose of setting them aside. The whole march of the Eastern criVa (writes the St. Petersburg correspondent of the Sydney Horning Herald) seems to point to the difficulty of coming to a compromise when passion runs so high. Germauy accuses the Russian press of being the cause of all the misunderstandings. This mistake arises from the Chauvinist-slavouophile organs be ing taken for the expression of the opinion and will of the nation, and since the deaths of Ivan Axakoff and ICatkoff what is called the Russian press is reduced to such poor inconsistent shadows of newspapers, as the Hovoi Vremia, Horosti, and Grajdanin, all of which have no tendencies, no definite character whatever—only all distinguished by the basest and most crawlino ser vility, especially the Grajdanin, edited by Prince Mestcherski, aud who, instead of call ing his organ by the sounding title of the “Citizen,” had better have called it the “Slave.” The very fact of such a paper having subscribers is full of meaning, and proves that the sun of liberalism that was rising upon Russia is totally obscured. As to the political opinions of “ the Nation ” it is ridiculous to speak of them. Russian politics regard the Emperor and his immedi ate counsellors; the uation has nothing to do with the intentions of the Government, everv measure of which is kept profoundly secret, and all that the Russian citizen knows of Russian politics is wliat he reads in foreign i newspapers, if he be tortunate enough to • know the languages.. But_ the Czar knows . that he can command the implicit obedience of his unreasoning and indifferent subjects, and if he decree war, be sure the war will be • popular, and that the greatest general in the Empire, as well as the last soldier, will run joyfully forward to risk their lives in the service of their country. In this unanimity is the great strength of the Russian ai ones, as MacGahan has so often and so justly observed. Some people must have faith in the con tinued prosperity of the Broken Hills dis trict, for I hear ‘(says the Melbourne corre spondent of the Ararat Advertiser) chat in addition to the newspapers already there two others are to be shortly started. For one of these, the Broken Hills Argus (a morning paper), the plant is aiieady on the way, w hile for the other (an evening j'ournal) preparations are being completed in Sydney. If I remember aright’ this will mean four papers in the Silverton district at Silvertou itself and Broken Hill, places which four years ago were almost wholly uninhabited. Bv- the-bye, in connection with this same silver country literally fairy tales are alloat • of the fortunes that have been rapidly, made and otuers that were just missed. In the former category may be placed an old oUieer in the Education Department, . who, much against his will, was induced to take 30 shares in the Broken Hill Proprietary Mine, when they were less than a pound per share. No calls were made, and the lucky fellow stuck to his interest. Now lie has sent in his resignation, having realised . enough to keep him comfortably for tue re mainder of his days. And his is only a mode rate competency compared to the fortunes of six figures that have been made. On the Exchange the other day a well-known sur veyor was telling how, less than live years aim, he was offered a fourth of the whole claim for £lOO, and how that fourth now bore a monetary value of £1,500,000. For £l2O a young squatter, at preseut in Eng land, purchased shares that are now worth £400,000, to say nothing of the large monthly dividends that have been placed to his credit. But these true tales might be multiplied tenfold. Being true, too, they afford some excuse for the recent silver ex citement. 