INTERCOLONIAL CONFERENCE ON THF. CHINESE QUESTION. The conference concluded its sittings on Thurs day, the principal business being the consideration of the following DESPATCH TO THE IMPERIAL GOVERNMENT, ' At the Australian Conference, held in Sydney on the 12th, 13th, and 14th instant, at which the j colonies of New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Queensland,. Tasmania, and West Aus tralia were represented, the question of Chinese immigration, and your cablegram to the Governor of South Australia in connection therewith, were fully considered. ' The members of the Conference are sensible of the wish of her Majesty's Government to meet the views of the colonies, and have specially de liberated upon the possibility of securing legisla tion which, while effective, should be of a character, as far as possible in accordance with the feeling and views of the Chinese Government. Thoy have not overlooked the political and com mercial interests of the Empire, : nor the commer cial interests of the colonies. 'In 1?-36 the total exports to China'from New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia, Queens- j land, and Tasmania were valued at £16,000, out ' of a total export trade amounting to £38,700,000. Our imports from China in the s ime year were valued at £846,000. While the custom of the eolonieB, therefore, is very valuable to China, that country offors no present outlet of importance for Australasian trade. There has never been any attempt on the pert of any of the colonies to close their markets to the exports of the Chinese Empire, although most, if not all of them, are now produced in great quantities in the British Empire of India. ' The suggestion that any restrictions which are to be imposed should be of a general nature, so as to give power to exclude European or Amer ican immigrants, has been. very carefully deliber ated upon, but no scheme for giving effeot to it has been found practicable. ' As the length of time to be occupied in negotiations between the Imperial Government and the Government of China is uncertain, and as the colonies in the meantime have reason to dread a large influx f om China, the several Governments feel impelled to legislate immedi ately to protect their citizens agiinst an invasion which is dreaded because of its results, not only upon the labor market, but upon the social and moral condition of the people. 'At the same time the Conference is most anxious that Her Majesty's Government should enter into communication with the Government of China, with a view to obtain, as soon as possible a treaty under which all Chinese, except officials, travellers, merchants, students, and similar classes should be ontirely excluded frcin the Australasian colonies. By way of assisting to bring about such an understanding, the Conference has recommen ded the abolition of the poll tax now levied upon Chinese immigrants. While believing that the local legislation now proposed will accomplish its object, the colonies would prefer that the exclusion of the Chinese should, bo hrought about by international agreement ot a rrienaiy nature, ns in the case of the United States. 'The Conference further desires that Her Majesty's Government should induce the Govern ments of the Crown colonies of Hongkong, Straits Settlements, and 'Labuan, to at once prohibit the emigration of all Chinese to the Australasian colonies unless they should belong to tho classes above mentioned. Tho Chincao who may olaim to ho considered British subjects in those- colonics nro very numerous, and tho certainty that thoir migration hither was pre vented would give groat and general Rati faction. 'Tho resolutions arrivod at by tho Conference, and which have boon embodied in a draft bill, nro as follows : — 1. That in tho opinion of this Con ference, tho further restriction of Chinose immi gration is essontinl to tho wolfaro of the pooplo of Australia. 2 That this Conference is of opinion that tho necessary restriction can best be secured through the dinlomntic ac'ion of tho Imperial Government, and by uniform Australasian legis lation. 3. That this* Conference resolves to consfder a joint representation to tho Imperial Governmont for tho purpose of obtaining, tho desired diplomatic action. -1. That this Conference is of opinion that the desired Australasian legisla tion should contain tho following provisions : — 1. That it shall apply to all Chinese, with specified oxcoptions ; 2. i hat tho restriction should bo by limitation of the number of Chinese which any vessel may bring into any Australasian port to one passenger for every 500 tons of the ship's burthen. 3. That tho passage of Chinese from one colony to another, without consent' of tho colony which they enter, bo mnde a misde meanour.' ' Tho first find fourth resolutions were en dorsed by all the colonics except Tasmania, who dissented, and West Australia, who did not voto ; while the Becond and third were carried unani mously. As a whole, therefore, they faithfully represent the opinion of the Parliaments and people of Australia. ' In conclusion, tho Conference would call at tention to the fact that the treatment of Chinese in the Australasian colonies has: been invariably humane and considerate, and that In spite of the intensity of popular feeling during tho recent sudden influx, good ordor has been everywhere maintained. Iu so sorious a crisis tho colonial Governments have been called upon to take strong and decisive action to protect their peoples, but in so doing they hare been studious of Imperial interests, of international obligation?, and of their reputation aB law-abiding communities. Thoy now confidently rely upon the . support .and assistance of her Majesty's Government in'.their endeavour to prevent their country from being overrun by an alien race who are incapable of assimilation in the body politic, strangers to our civilisation, out of sympathy wtth our aspirations, and unfitted for our free institutions, to which their presence in any number nould be a source of constant danger.' '(Signed). Henry. Parkes, President.' The Coal Trading Record. -The North Illa warra Company clalmB to hare boaten the Illawarra record in shipping coal expeditiously. On a certain day recently the steamer Governor Blaok all cast anchor, loaded 400 tons, and left again, all within fan hour-and-a-quarter. Similar feats of loading have been performed at the sarno jetty several times within an hour-and-a half, but only on tho ono occasion in an hour-and-a-quarter, all i circumstances having been particolirly favorable on that occasion, .- The Tariff. ; War . Between France and Italy. — Tho war of tariffs betweed France and Italy la operating- very detrimentally to the in terests of the former country. Thore are thirty two millions sterling of French capital invested on thb south side of the Alps, nearly one-fifth of which is represented by shares in life and fire In surance companies, but it Is stated that since the 1st' of March last, not a policy has been taken out by the Italians in any French office. Imports from] France have fallen to one- half their former average, and will dwindlo down, it is anticipated, to ono fourth of the normal quantity and value. Of course Italy is suffering, too ; but if the pro tective principle ia a sound one, both nations, being driven back upon their ' native industries, ' ought' to be in a flourishing condition. The Natural Age of Men.— We are accus tomed to consider three score years and ten the length of human life, but the late Professor Faraday adopted the theory that the natural age of man is 100 years. The duration of life he believed to be measured by the time of growth. In the camel the completion takes place at eight, in the horso at five, in the lion at four, in the dog at two, in the rabbit at one. The natural termin ation is five removes from these several points. Man being twenty years in growing, lives five times twenty years — that is, 100 years ; the camel is eight years in growing, and lives forty years ; and so with other animals. The man who does not die of sickness l!?es everywhere from 80 to 100 years. The professor divides life into equal halves — growth and decline — and these into infancy, youth, virility, and age. Infancy ex tends to the twentieth year, youth to the fiftieth, because it is in this period the tissues become firm, virility trom nrty to seventy-ti ve, during which the organism remains complete, and at seventy-five old age commences to last a longer or shorter time as the diminuation of reserved forces is hastened or retarded.— Ghristiun Age. A New Element in Modern Warfare. — Nitrate of amyl, according to Mr. Edward Weston, an American electrician, is the agent which will either innke naval warfare an impossibility or enable contending fleets to capture each other without the least loss of life, ho to be the victor who possesses the greatest skill iu handling and distributing the compound. Nitrate of amyl, which is very cheap and plentiful, possesses the power of causing insensibility very quickly in a human being breathing its fumes, and its effeot is equivalent, temporarily, to a paralytic stroke. Mr. Weston proposes to fire shells filled with this chemical, which shells . need not penetrate the ship. A few gallons of this nitrate dashed on the deck of a war-ship would soon render her crew helpless. The most powerful ironclads would be even more vulnerable than the light cruisers, for they would be suckiug down great draughts of air through their artificial ventilators, and the odour would thus rapidly penetrate the whole ship. The whole crew being rendered helplesB for an hour or two, the ship could be towed into a safe Bpot, while the captors ventilated her, and secured the insensible men. High Jinks at Cabbages Tree. — Oh Saturday last (writes ' Rustic') a football match was to have been played in the vicinity of the Cabbage Tree. Dinner was ordered for both teams, but as time proceeded no opposing team put in an ap pearance, so the difficulty of putting the dinner' oat: of Bight was a formidable . one, there ' being two dinners for each man. This contingency was eventually arranged for, but whether it was the re Bult of the gourmandizing or the fluids with which the solids were washed down, some firearms in the shape of a Colt's revolver were brought into play to vary the programme. One of the bullets from the revolver passed through the hat of one of the company, just grazing his skull, which, however, was too hard for even accolerated lead to penetrate. Of course there was nothing stronger than cordials for desert, but it was particularly good, haying a wonderfully enlivening influence upon one of the party. Some of his friends think it is time Geordy joined the G. T. again, and as he had rather a narrow escape of committing man slaughter, perhaps his good sense will cause him to eschew liquors containing more than a oertain percentage of fire water. The Australian Eleven scored a win against the Oxford University players, the scores being — Aus- tralians—first innings, 176 ; second innings, 292 ; Oxford — first innings, 248 ; second innings, 14G ; majority for Australians, 74 runs. Holloway'8 Fills. — The eliiof 'Wonder of modern times.— This incomparable lnctlicmc increases the appotito, strengthens tlie stomach, cleanses the liver, corrects biliousness, prevents flatulency, purifies the system, invigorates tho nerves, and re-instates sound health. The enormous demand lor these Pills throughout the globe astonishes evervbody, and a single trial convinces even the most sceptical that no medicine equals Holloway'a Pills in its ability to reinovo all complaints inci- dental to the human raco. They are a blessing to tho atlbcted, and a boon to all that labor under internal or external diseases. The purification of the blood, removal of all restraint from the ficcrotivc organs, and gontlo aperitive action are the proliilc sources of tho extensivo curatiro rango of Eolloway'a X'lUs. The Stupid Blunder.— In tho Asa,-mhi„ H Wednosday, Mr. Inglis corrected 'Th^ L^ 1 blunder' wUh regard to the want of school „ modation at Wo Iongong. He explained thntZ question put to him on Tuesday as to the alleml II want of scho »1 accommodation at Coora»bo-i/S =1 boon wrongly atributnd in the papers to Wo! Inn 1 gong. Consequent upon this, inquiries had heo'i 1 nwdo at Wollongong, and a telegram in renb stated that thore wax ample acco:nmohition f.,J I 200 additional children. Ho wa, in hopel IW tho inquiries being made in reference to CWan boBg would result in proving the complaiat to be as equally without foundation as had been nro-e to bo tho complaint against Wollongong. New Caves at Jenolan. - The Minister for Mines has received from Mr. W. S. Leigh the superintendent of the Jenolan Caves, an interest- ing report with regard to the discovery of a new cave at the Fish River. Mr. Leigh says that the new cave recently discovered by Mr. J, Wilsonm keeper of Jenolan Caves, is situated at the ex- treme end of the Elder Cave ; the entranc being reached from this point by an almost vertical descent of about twenty feet over fallen rocks The cave consists of a long narrow passage, having a length of about 90 ft., and an average width 14ft. The sides are well studded with stalactites. Except in one or two places, there is no standing upright. Mr. Leigh also reported the discovery of a small cave adjoining the one just described He says : A few yards to the left, and on the same level as the entrance to the new cave referred to is a small opening in the rock, just large enough to enable one to force the body through. This proved to be the mouth of another cave, but of much smaller dimensions, being only ahout 25ft long by 12ft wide, and 2ft in height to the centre of the roof, which is arched; On the left-hand side, and near the entrance, is a vary pretty coral- like bed, with numerous basins and other forma- tions. Above this bed, and in the immediate vi- cinity, the stalactites assume a very peculiar and altogether different form from the rest. Instead of being pointed, each is tipped with a lime cry- stal, perfects shaped, and glittering like a dia- mond ; and this, being about twice the width of the stalactite, has the appearance of having been stuck on the end of it. The Hanlan-Trickett Race.— The following ? particulars give the main features of tho match between H anion and Trickeit at Rockhampton on Wodnesday. Tnckett hadn't a ghost of a show, Hanlan playing with him till nearing tho finish when he went away and won as he liked. The start was by mutual consent. The men got away splendidly together, and. Hanlan at onco com- m,e'ce?'°,movo freo,y. 'wing 38 to the minute, while Trickett tugged away very nearly on oven terms with him, pulling a shade faster for the first quarter of mile or so. Down to this point there was very little to choose between the men and when from the umpire's steamer, which kept at too great a distance 'astern to allow those on board to ? distinguish accurately which boat was leading, itjwas seen that Tr ckett was holding his own very creditably, lib was loudly cheered both by those on the boats and those who rode and drove along the Bhore, and was .encouraged in every way to stiok to his work. At the half-mile Hanlan; had dr.iwn a clear length ahead, and 7 to 1 on him went bogging, especially as it was thought that Trickett appeared to loao heart a little, after steering a rather erratic course, but within tho first mile he had again by spurting np to 40 to tho minute got on even terms with the Canadian, and he actually commenced to forge ahead ; but when opposite the Rockhampton saw mills, about a mile from the start, the Canadian ' spurted, and from the easy manner iu which ho overtook Trickett and passed him, notwithstanding tho latter'a strenuous efforts to keep him off, the result was Bppwoflt to all. Trickett, however, although I10 has admitted since the race that ho know he was fairly outpaced before it was half over, Btuck manfully to his work, and spurted once or twice, but on each occasion he was allowed to do so on i' sufferauce, and, after accompanying him to within a quarter of a mile of the flagship which marked the end of tho course, Hanlan drew away from him with the most ridiculous ease, and won by fully 10 lengths. Various times were taken j but the official time, as given by. Air. J. G. Deeble, of v Sydney, was 21 minutes 6£ seconds. Maine News. Dr. Soulo'H American Hop Bitteis, which ore \ advertised in our columns, are a sure cure for ague, biliouaneis ^ i and kidney complaint. Those v.'ho uso them say thoy cannot bo top highlv recoraraonded. Those afflicted should give them a fair : trial, and will bcccme thereby enthusiastic in the praise of their ?? ?.] curative qualities. — Portland Argus. ,:i 