THE TRAVELLER. RDTUMA -NO. 8. Br Vunivola. Pew English readers, and still fewer readers of auy other nationality, have the slightest . knowledge of Roluma. Its very name will be 'caviare to the mnltitude." Even the geo graphers have treated it with scant courtesy, and after consulting the general ran of school atlases its position will still remain as much a : matter of doubt to the modem seeker after knowledge as wa3 that of the dominion of Prcster John to our worthy ancestors. Yet, unlike the latter, the former is entitled to respect as a veri- table dependency of the British Crown ; or, to ho both more correct and more poetic, as tho pendant to one of the minor jewels in the imperial diadem. It is one of the outlying sentinels of that mighty power which, to quoto the great American statesman-orator, Daniel Webster, " lia3 dotted over the surface of the whole globe with her possessions, and military posts, whose morning drum-heat, following the sun, and keeping company with the ' hours, circles the earth with one continuous and unbroken strain of the mar tial airs of England." Not that there is any thing specially martial about this particular possession, but still as a solitary spot in the ocean over which the meteor flag is flying somo knowledgo of it cannot be without intor- sst to British subjects generally. Kotuina, or Botuam, as it is indifferently called by its people, is a small island which constitutes the mainland for a group of still smaller rocks and islets in the South Pacific. . ft was discovered by Captain Edwards, of the British frigate Pandora, when, in 1791, he sailed in that vessel to search for the inuti- ' beers of the Bounty. The voyage was .'. memorable as being that upon which Captain Edwards also discovered tho island of Vanikoro, Ivhcro the French navigator, La Peronsc, was wrecked and lost. This latter Captain Edwards named Pitt Island, and Botnma he named . Krcnville Island, Botnma was subsequently visited by the French navigator. Duperrey, of Sie Coquillo, in 1823, and by the Bussian naval commander, Chramtschenko in 1829. Still later Captain Hope, R.N., called in H.M.S. Brisk and verified the observations of the earlier ixplorers. According to these the island lies In latitude 12.30 S. j longitude, 177.39 E. This jives it position from 350 to 400 miles N.W. rad by N. of the Fiji group, which is practi cally its nearest neighbor, for a circle with this .adius, having Botuma as its centre, would Eacludo no other inhabited land, except perhaps one or two of the islets forming the southern .ilrcmity of the Ellics group. Botuma is of very limited extent, its extreme length heing not more than 6 miles, with;an extreme width of 2i miles. It is of volcanic lormation, well wooded and wonderfully fertile, by Lieutenant Bower, who reported upon it to lie Governor of Fiji, it was described as " Tho Harden of tho Pacific. " It3 luxuriant cocoa- jut groves are its distinguishing feature, tho auts growing to a perfection unknown in any other island of the Sonlh Seas. It is also rich in valuable timber and indigenous Iruit trees, and from the water edge to is highest point it presents a luxuriant wealth of vegetation that in its depth of tone and vivid coloring most picturesquely con- . Irasts with its surrounding setting of sapphire sea. The first impression of the approaching voy ager i3 that there are two islands before him, Is the western extremity is formed of a low- lying point, from which abruptly rises a conical hill. But upon a nearer view this point, known as Itumutu, is found to be joined to the main island by the narrow isthmus of Motusa. Tradition hath it that this isthmus is of com paratively recent formation, and even yet it is common for the natives to speak of Itumutu as s separate island. Except at one rocx bound extremity the shore isjcorol-girdled, hut after a fashion different to that of most Pacific islands. Commonly the reof-girdle lies at some distance from the shore, and has convenient openings into a surrounding belt of still pellucid water, which forms a safe and qoiet harbor. At Botuma the formation is chiefly that known as the shore reef, the coral flats running out from the beach, leaving nothing hut on open roadshed in which to anchor, and making the landing by boats a matter of some difficulty, if not of. danger. For the lover of the picturesque, safe sheltered by palm trees' "drooping crown of plumes, " and luxuriating in tho secure enjoy ment of the surrounding loveliness, there is no donbt as to the pleasure to bo derived from ' watching — Tho league-long roller thundering on the reef. But the contemplation of the same roller loses all its poetry, though nothing of its intorest, when you are on the top of it in a whaleboat, with the question yet to be solved whether it will "carry you safely in, or make flotsam and. jetsam of yourself and your belongings. While the prevailing S.E. winds are blowing there is fair anchorage for vessels at two places on the northern side. LoeJBay, at the western end, is dh open harbor about a mile aud a half from jffie extreme point of the island. Anchorage can be found in it at from 7 to 20 fathoms. The bay is woll marked by a hold tad thickly wooded headland on its western' ride, while the eastern side is defended by a precipitous red sandstone cliff, which run6 down to the water's edge. The other anchorage, or Jforth East Beads, as it is called, is (be bettor Jefended and more frequented of the two. It' lies about two miles from tho eastern end, and is formed by the indentation of the reef, which here encircles the two small iBlots of Havao and forms an cxcellont breakwater to the oast. , Tho larger of the islets is from 150 to 200 feet high, aud the reef joins them togolhor and to the mainland. Oiudfa Bay, as this approach is called, permits of easiest access by boats, and the Boads give fair anchorage at from 5 to 19 fathoms. When northerly winds prevail vessels have to. pick up ancboi and find their best shelter off Mortusa, on the southern sido. To tho north-west of tho western point of the mainland stretches a chain of four small islets, tho nearest Uea (the Emery Bland of Capt. Hope), heing about 2 miles distant. It is about 200 feet high, well wooded, very limited in area, and inhabited by a few conser vatives who prefer it to the larger island. In this particular Uca is an exception to all the other islets, which aro uninhabited except by the devils, ghosts, and hobgoblins with which the imagination of tho islaudors has very liberally peopled them, and because of whom they aro seldom visited by the superstitious Botumaus. Three other islets complete this chain, that lying to the westward heiug well deserv ing of more than passing notlco. It is along, nar row islet about 2 miles in circumference, undefended by auy outlying reef, and the heavy swell of the Southern Ocean breaks upon its shoro with unimpeded force. Tho name of tho islet is Hotlawal. It is a barren rock, rising to a considerable height from the water, upon which, from a distance, it appears to lie like an enormous turtle. Ab the approaching vessol speeds towards it the observer first notices a singular luminous line which marks it from base to summit. Drawing still nearer he dis covers this to be the sky showing through from the other side, and on close examination finds that by some strange freak of nature tho island has been cleft in two, as though by a clean cut from au Afrit's sword. The opening is about 40 feet wide, the sides heing almost as sheer and smooth as the walls of a house. In places a siliceous deposit has formed, as though an attempt had been made to polish these walls. This substance can he easily removed with a knife, and comes off in flakes, thin, brittle and semi-opaque. The sea rolls through the passage ibus strangely made through the heart of tho island without impediment. ' Generally it surges and boils through with an impetuosity very grand to witness from a safe distance. Even in calm weather tho break is so heavy that a landing on tho islot can only be effected by jumping over from tho boat and swimming through the surf at the risk of leaving no in considerable portion of your outer cuticle on the jagged rocks ; but at times, when the ocean is so still that scarce a swell is perceptible to seaward, a boat may be pulled through this strangely formed crevice from side to side. As viowed from one point an immense boulder may be seen caught in tho cleft about half way down, still more distinctly marking this peculiar division; and being thus singularly distinguished Hotlawal may fairly claim to bo one of the most remarkable islands in tho Pacific. Another natnral feature of more than com mon interest is to bo seen on tho main island. This is what has the appearance of a deep well in the centra of the island, very probably the extinct crater cf tho volcano to whose agency the existence of the group is due. Tho natives claimed it to he of unfathomable depth, and regarded it as the mouth of their Inferno. They also declared it to he guarded by legions of devils, more terrible iu aspect, more malific in disposition and greater in number than even the most rigid Calvinist could concoive. Under this belief it was, of course, very severely avoided, and iu consequence it presented a wild, unkempt, weird appearance, quito in keeping with its evil repute, but strangely con trasting with its better preserved and moro orderly surroundings. Of courso it could not he expected that European curiosity would be proof against tho temptation to oxplore this region of mystery, and fathom the trne char acter of its superstitious terrors. Accordingly a road .'was cut to it by Messrs, Gordon aud Romilly, who, after finding the depth to bo little over 80 feet, descended into its gloomy recessos. After going down somo 40 or 50 feet through what seomcd to ho an old shaft, they were rewarded by discovering that the legions of devils resolved tbomsolves into an almost imramerable colony of harmless bats, and that the Botuman Hades opened out into a suite of magnificent caves, with vaulted galleries and domed chambers worthy, not of barbaric monstrosities, hut of spirits truly Miltonic in tastes and dignity. With rcspoct toils inhabitants, Botuma is at once the puzzle and the despair of ethnologist and philologist. Though surrounded by many groups and peoples at distances ranging from 400 to 600 miles, tho Botuman appears to bo without affinity to any of his neighbors either in physique, language, manners, customs or modeB of thought. To tho north ho has tho Eingsmiil, Gilbert and Ellico group. Travel ling west (about) ho has tho groups stretching from the Bismarck Archipolago to Santa Cruz, including New Ireland, New Britain, Bougain- villo, Bouka and the Solomons. To the south-west are tho Banks and Now Hebrides groups. Duo south lios Fiji. Tonga is to tho south-oast, Samoa to the ea6t and tho Tokalau Islands to tho north-east. Between tho natives of all thoso some strain of relationship in physique, in customs or in spooch can bo traced to a pro- snmcd parent stock. Dr. Prichard, the dis tinguished ethnologist, divides tho Oceanic races into Malayo-Folynesiang, Pelagian negroes and the Alfoorians, or Papuans of the New Guinea groups, of which be presumes tho Australian ' ' blackf ellows "to ho a branch, Scientific rosoarch turns to the coasts of Eastern Asia as tho cradlo of theMalayo-Polynesian race, and infercntially traces their migration through the Malayan Archipelago to tho island groups of the Pacific. Banging still further back to look for the origin of tho Melanesiau face, spe culation has assumed that in the rnist- beshronded ages of tho past there was an ex tensive migration of the old Indo- African stock to a great southern continent, which then had existenco where the ocean is doited ovor with islands almost innumerable. Ages afterwards, when thoy had thickly peopled the country, thoro followed the terrible convulsions of nature which depressed the great plains and table lands, and rolled the Pacific in on these ancient inhabitants. Tho remnant who escaped pre served themselves by fleeing to the highest points, and their descendants still occupy theso islands, which aro in reality but the mountain peaks of the submerged continent. In lapse of ages succeeded the admixture of tho mora recently developed Malayo-Polynosian and Pa puan races, thus widely diversifying the pre sent typos, yet permitting the retention of something in common by which their origin might ho traced. This line of argument follows tho assumption that the various typos of the human species, wheresoever found, must of necessity he traced back to tho Adamic starting point ou the banks of the Euphrates. But many very eminent savants, amoug whom may he men tioned Dr. Morton and Professor Agassiz, hold a different view. Instead of tracing to one stock a multitude of types diversified by environment, they claim that the human race had its origin, not in one, hut in many creations. Thoso, diverging from their primitive centres, met and amalgamated, thus producing the varied types which still retain some common characteristics of their origiual extremes. Ii the theory first stated he accepted it would he natural to sup pose that tho branch of the human family which spread itself through the Bismarck Archipelago in a south-easterly direction by way of New Ireland, New Britain, Bougainville, the Solomons and Santa Cruz, bad also reached to Roluma. But the fact remains that in such case the development of the Botuman raco lias carried it to & greater distance from the parent stock thau auy of the others,- and that now they seoin as far removed from tho lank-haired, yellow-skinnod Malay as from the thick-lipped Papuan or crinkly- haired negro. In stature they are surpassed by tho stalwart Pijians, Toagaus aud Samoaus. In color thoy are lighter, but tho general tone is not so pleasing as the rich shades of bronze in the typos nnmod. The features of the Botu man mora nearly approach the Caucasian type, while the hair, which is always black, is neither the frizz of the Fijian nor tho straight, coarse, lustreloss mop of tho Tokalau. It is fairer, brighter and softer than either, aud very frequently has the natural wave and curl in it which is common to the Europeans. Iu speech also the Botumaus differ as widoly from their neighbors as they do iu physique. So likewise in habit and manner aud thought. Therefore, the easiest way out of the difficulty would be to accept the view of Morton and Agassiz, and regard them as a people sut generis, whose isolation has 6lraogely preserved their racial purity. Thus we may suppose them rising wilh their island from the sea, or heing spon taneously generated by its vivifying heat and moisture as it cooled down into a place fit for human habitation. Either this or all objections might he disposed of by regarding them ns tho direct descendants of Topsy, iu that we "specs they growed." 