Tales and Sketches. A THRILLING MINING STORY. " A man gets some queer ideas to his head when he's out all alone in the mountains," said John Sanderson, an old prospector who had his headquarters at El Paso, but who makes several incursions into the mining dis- tricts every year. "Half of them believe in ghosts, nine out of ten in signs, and about all of them in luck. My own experience has changed my views in a good many particulars, and, for one thing, it made me a firm believer in special providences. It did'nt come about gradually, but through as marvellous an escape from an awful death aa, 1 believe, ever falls to men. " It happened up in the Mimbres mountains four years ago this summer. The Mimbres lie In New Mexico, down below old Fort Tule Koa», and they must be full of fold somewhere because the bede of the creeks that find their way down the sides are eo rich in placer diggings that you can't pull up a sage brush around there without seeing bright specks a moog the roots. I had a pet theory then that if Íroa followed the creeks up high enough and coked dose enough you would find a tre- mendous deposit of gold In decomposed quarti. I thought, you see, that a little of lt had washed off the surface in the course of time and formed those placers. What I wanted to find was the mother gold. "I talked the thing np to Charley Burke, another prospector aud f rfend of mine, until be agreed to put up half the outfit and join me in the search. We got a couple of burros, the necessary tools, aud started out early in spring. The country about the Mimbres is about as wild and desolate as any on earth, and it was a trip that nothing but faith and enthusiasm would prompt a man to attempt. It was one succession of gorges, gulches, and acclivities, all strewn with granite boulders from the size of a man's hand to a four-story block, and often were we obliged to leave the watercourse we were following and made détoura that took days at a time. "The creek we followed was almost dry, and we stopped frequently looking for placers. We found no very rich ones, but everywhere there was gold. Sometimes there would be lota of it in the bottom of the tin cup after we had taken a drink, and eometimes-here ls a curious thing-it would be float ¡ii g on the surface. I will lei someone who ie better posted in science than I tell why gold now and then floats, but I only know that little flakes of it do, and a lot of it is lost in sluice mining that way. As long as we found placers we knew that the main depot-it was ahead, so we pushed along, tired enough, but confident. At last we came to a spot where the sand was barren for several days' journey, and then we began to prospect the country all round. To make a long story short we struck a led/e one morning with outcroppings that crumpled under my pick, and showed quarts all streaked with yellow threads. .i harlie,' I yelled out, all afire at once, we have etruok lt.' " But before we sunk a shaft we found something else that seat our hearts to our mouths. It was an old shaft, back a little way and in a claim properly staked out, that covered that very ledge. There was a noti- fication according to the law on one of the posts, that Peter Sumner and Joseph Rlautsy had taken possession of the ' Dig Six ' and done the legal assessment work. I sat right down collapsed, but Charley went over to the shaft and came back to tell me that it didn't cover half the amount necessary, under the law, to bold the property for a year. We measured it, and, sure enough, it was only down about half the required distance, BO we took possession of the property, changed its name to 4 The Treasury,' and went to work. " We built ourselves a rough shanty, rigged up a windlass, and began to sink, in a few days we were in a formatioo rich enough to make a man'e head swim, and getting better as we went down. We wero botoso excited that we begrudged the time to eleep and eat, and we neither of us meditated for an instant giving tha claim up to anybody, assessment work or no assessment work. What had be- come of the two men was a mystery. They left no trace except the notification-board and shaft, and it gave me the creeps now and then to think that they might be dead. But we were not in a frame of mind to let sentiment interfere witb business. " I suppose we had been there for a couple of weeks when provisions began to run short. We didn't want both to leave the claim at once, so it was finally arranged that Charley go down to the creek to a camp about 50 miles away aud briug a supply. He took both burros ead started off. I calculated it would take him a week to make the trip, and time hung heavy on my bands. I tried to work a little on the shaft. Tho formation was very bard, and we had rigged up a sort of crossbar ladder. I would go down this, fill the bucket, climb to the surface and pull it up. " At about noon of the second day after he left I was startled at what I thought was a man crossing a little gulch half a mile away. I only had a view oi it between two rocks, aod whatever it was it passed so quicsly that I waa not sure. However, I waited for a couple of hours, and then seeing nothing fur- ther, concluded I was mistaken, and I went down iuto the shaft. I filled the bucket with very heavy ore, dimed up, and had it about half way raised when a man came walking up the creek bed towards me. Theo I knew that I was right before. " He was an ugly looking customer, big and brawny, with a flat, Scandinavian face, and carried a Winchester ou his arm. I had a little stick that I slipped into the windlass handle near the axle to keep it from turning backward, and, leaving the bucket just where it was, suspended halfway up, I started to- ward the cabin to get roy arms. He covered me with his repeating rifle and ordered me to halt." " ' What are you doing on my claim ?' he said. " ' I reckon you can eee,' I replied, putting as good a face on lt as I possibly could. " ' You mean you've jumped it, you cursed thief«' '"No I dont. There wasnt enough to work on it to hold it, and it was as much mine as anybody's.' " ' You lie.' "He looked at me over the sights with his wicked greenish eyes for full a minute. Then be said : " . Did you ever pray t' " ' Yes,' I faltered. " ' Then pray now. I'll give you two minutes to do it." " By that time my mind was clear enough to take in the whole situation, and I had no doubt but he intended to murder me theu and thors. With me out of the way, there would be no one to testify to the insufficient work, and I would simply be regarded, if the story of my death waa ever told, as a claim-jumper who had been justly dealt with. I lett my knees begiu to tremble so I tried another track." " -If you kill mc,' I said, * my partner will be back and see that you hang for it.' " TU fit your partner the same way, you claim jumpion cur ' "True enough. Nothing would bc easier than to ossasBÎnate Burke on his return, and we bad so jealously guarded the secret of our trip that no noe would know where to search for us. We would simply disappear, as hun- dreds of prospectors do, never to he coen by men again, and speedily to be forgotten. I bad no hope of mercy from the instant I looked into thc man's cruel face. I felt with aeickeuii.g qualm and a wild drumming in my ears that my time had come.' " ' Uh, for heaven's sake, don't murder me,' I cried, * I will gu.' "The man made no reply. For a moment my bead swam, and then, with a sodden re- turn of vihion that was excruciating In ita clearness, I sa« him stoop slightly, rest the g>\TO barrel over the windlass handle, and marked even that Blight contraction of the evelid that always just precedes a shot. The nest instant there was a crash, an explosion, and a cry all mingled into one. I saw the mon turning head over heels down the em bankment, the Winchester flying throogh a cloud of «moko op into the »ir, and all the while heard a load, monotonous whirnlng nose that was like some gigantic clock maning down. " I did not realise it at the time, but this is what happened : When be rested his gun »COBS the windless be dropped the barrel right across the little stick I had thrust ia to prevent it tumbling, and knocked it out. I suppose I the bucket af ore weighed 150 lbs., ana the great iron handle swinging clear around, gained such terrible momentum that ir struck him off his feet like a cannon ball. The guu was discharged by tbe shock, but the bullet went nowhere near me. Before I regained my senses I heard the bucket strike tbe bottom with a smash. " When I picked op the man he was un- conscious, but moaning a little, and the blood trickling out ol his ears. Iiis gun was broken. He lay at the cabin for a week or two, and after Charley got back we managed to get him to Silver City. There the doctors put his face in a sort of platter of Paris cast, ont, although the wonna healed, he was out of his headband eventually died. The night before he passed away he quitely motioned for a slate he used to write cn, be couldn't speak. He wes very weak, and it took bim a long time, but at last he scrawled : " . Who hit me!" " Before we could tell bim he fainted away. The mine ? Oh, the mine pinched out after awhile ead disappointed us. I sold my in- terest to Burke, and, I think, after working it for a year, he gave up in disgust and moved away,"-Mexican Paper. 