DEAD MAN'S ROCK. THE FINDING OF TIE GREAT RUBY. A RosUANo nar Q. BOOK II. CHAPTER X. (CONTINUED.) SLLS IN WHAT MANNER I LZARNT THE BJCROT OP TLER GUEAT KEY. Colliver must have soad my thoughts, for c he looked steadily at me out of those dart c eyes of his, and then said very slowly and dellberately: ' Mr. Trenoweth, it grieves me to taunt I your miserable case, but do you mind my a saying that you are a fool t I simply stared in answer. a 'Your father was a fool-a pitiful fool; a and yon are a fool, Which would lead me, did I not kuow better, to believe that y..ur i grandfather, Amos Trenoweth, was a fool also. I should wrong him if I callel him i that. He was a villain, a black-hearted, , murderous, cold-blooded, damnable villain ; but he was only a fool for once in his life, i and that was whenhe trusted in the sense of bi descendants.' His voice, as he -poke of my grandfather, i grew suddenly shrill and discordant, while c tle eyes blazed up in furious wrath. In a I second or two, however, he'calmea himself again and went on quietly as before. ' You wonder, poroaps, why I call you a E fool. It Is becuane you have lived for four. t teen years with your hand upon riches that a would make a king jealous, and have never i had the sense tograsp them ; it is because lou have abut your eyes, when you might I have een, have been a begear when you i might have redden in a carriage. Upon my I word, Mr. Jasper Trenoweth, when I think of your folly I have half a mind to be dog-.ick with you myself.' What could the mon mean? What was this clue which I bad never found ' And all the time it was written upon this key here, as large as life; not only that, but, I to leave you no excuseo, Amos Tronoweth actually told yon that it was written here.' ' Whatdo you mean ' stammered I, forced into speech at last. SAh, so you have found your voice, have you? What do I mean ? Do you mean to say you do not guess even now ? Upon my word I am loth to kill eo fair a fool.' He regarded me for a moment with pitying contempt, then stretched out his hand and tookup my gtandlather'a key. ' I read here,' he said, 'written very clearly and distinctly, certain words. You must know those words; but I will repeat them toyou to refresh your memory .' Thy house is set upon the sands; and thy hopes by a dead man." ' ' Well? I asked, for-fool that I was- oven yet I did not understand. 'Mr, Jasper Trenaoweth, did you never hear tell of such a place as Dead Man's ook ?' The truth, the whole horrible certainty of it, struck me an one great wave, and rushed over my bent hebd as with the whirl and roar of many waters. ' Dead Maln's Rloc-Dead Man's Rock I' It sang in my ears as it swept me off my feet for a moment and passed, leaving me to -ia! and battle in the gulf of bottomless deepir. And then, as if 1 really drownes, my past life, with all its follies, mistlakes, wrecked hopes, and baseless dreams, shot.ewilfly poet in one long train Again I saw my mother's patient, anxious \- mile, my f.,chr's drowned face, with the salt drops trickling from his golden hair, the struggleon the rock, the inquest, the awful face at the winsdo', the corpses of my atrents satetched eaite by side upon the bed, the scene of the gambling.boll with all its whi' and desperate faces, Claire, my lost love, the river the theatre, Tom's death, and that last dreadfua scene, Francesca with the dork Sblood soaking her white dress and trickling down npon the boards. I tried to nut my ends before my syea, but the cords held and aot my arms like burning steel. Then in a flash I seemed to be striding madly up and down Oxford street, while still in frontof me danced and flew the yellow woman, her every diamonl Ilahbing in the gaslight, her cold, black eyes, as they turned and mocked me, blazing marah.lights of doom. Then came the ringing of many bells in my ears, mingled with silvery laughter, as though the Blnds were ringing ubilaut peale within the pit. Presentlr the sights grow dim and died away, but the chiming laughter still con tinued. I looked .up It was Colliver laughing, and hlls face was that of an arch-devil. SIt does me good so see you,' he exclaimed; * oh yes, it in honey to my soul. F ol.'and a thousand times tool I that ever I should have Slived to triumph thus over you and your so u Olrsd hooue., :Once more his velos grew shrill and his . eye flashed; once more he collected him ., self. 'You shall hear it ont,' he said. ' Look here,' and he pulled a greasy boukfrnm his , .ocket ' Here is anautical almanoa Woat "' ay i it ? D.cemher 23, or rather rome time .in the murtung or 24th December, Christmas Eve. On the evening of 24th December it is full moon, and dead low water at Falmouth about 11 30 p.m. Fate-do you believe in fate, Mr. Trenoweth -could not have cho'en the time better In something under twenty hours one of us will have his hanos upon the treeaure Which will it be, eh which will it be ' Well I knew which it would be, and the knowledge was biter as Rall. ' A merry Chris mas, IMr. Jasper Treno. weth. Peace on eartth ad goodwill--. You will bear no malice by that time S a merry Christmas, and a merry Chrisemas-bor. Likewise the c .mplments of the deason, and a happy New Year to you I Where are you going to spend Obristmas, Mr.Trenoweth,eh ? _amthinking FI passingit by the sea Yon will perhaps try .bhe sea, too, only you will be IN IL Tr, me rune swiftly when it has acorpse forcargo, Oho , At blt r o. red Jlp. the mnrry milt .Ipi For ts k'L.a %s - hi swerth-«rt stolei my lads Blut no I Uji the bhll ,lil so I I r' 'I'm afrid no bell will toll for you, M r.' T.enow .th; not yet awhile, at any . tate. N'T till your sweetheart is weary of waiting- An.i.th - drvi hai got hi. due, my lads SBlh, ho, but be waits for you I " Both waiting for you, Mr. Trenoweth your sweetheart and the devil. Which shall Shatve y.u L? , o. Got, yui ould .ny. Abh, I am nnot so sore I By the war, miiht . give a gne w s .your sweetheart's numa mightIt beIt:t ?iah a C? Mght she be a famoues ictreeea Olaire, perhaps, she calls herself ? Aha I Claire's pretty eyes will go , red with satching before shabe sets hem on you 'again. Fie on ynu to keep so sweet a maiden waiting. And where will you beall the time, Mr. Jaeper Trenoweth 1' He scopped, a last, mastered by hie fero. dtl and almost vanting. But I, for theeouad orClaire's name had maddened meo, broke out inf Do and deril I. I shall be lying with all the ocnei. victims of your acneured life. Dead as mytfth-r whom you foully murdere within 'gost nf "his home; d-ad as thiase other poor creatures you slew upon the B'lle Sortune I dead a9 my mother, whose pure mind fled at sight of your:infernal face, whose very life fled at. eight of your handi. work;' dead as Joan Rsiltod, whom yiiq ltabbed to death upon--' I·r·~~i ".'- cJ~;·' ' Hush, Mr. Trenoweh. As tr your p. ravings, I love to bear them, and could Isten t by the boar, did not time press. jut 1 U cannot have you talking so loadl$ you ye understand ;' and be. toyed gently win hi. it knife; 'also remember, I mseet be atDead w Man'e Rlock by half.past 11 to-night.' f ' Fiend I' I continued, ' you can kid me, Y if you like, but I will count your crime with in my last breath. Take my life as you trk my tt friend Tom Loveday's life-Tom, whom na you knifed in the dark, mist.kinog hm for of me. Take it as you took Claires, 1f ever es man--' 1 'Claire-Claire dead I' He staggere4 back a step, and almost at the same monent I tt thought I caught asound on the other ide of 0 the partition at my back. I lietenod for a y' moment, then concluding that my ean had d played se some trick, wenton again : , 'Yes. dead. She killed herself to~night at the theatre-atabbedherself. Oh, God I Do you think I care for your knife now? Why, I was going tokill myself-to drown myeslf- e' at the very moment when I heard your C voice and came on board. I came to kill you. Make the most of It-ahoe me no It mercy, for as there is a God in Heaven, I h would have shown you none.' What was that sound again on the other aide of the partition ? Whatever it was, Col. liver had not heard, for he was muting t sarkly, and looking fixedly at me. 'No, I will show you no mercy,' he v answered quietly, ' for I hove sworn to show no mercy to yourrace, and you arethe Last of C It. But listen, that for a few moments before n you die you may shake off your smug com.- f placency and learn what this wealth is, and a what kind of brood you Trenoereths are. Dog I The treasure that lies by Dead I Man's Rock is treasure weighed with dead men's curses, and stained with dead men's y blood-wealth won by black piracy on the igh seas--gold for which many a poor soul a walked the plank end found his end in thet deep waters. It is treasure sacked from many a gallautehio, stripped from many a rotting t corpee by that black hound, your gr nd. father, Amos Trenoweth. You guessed that? a Let me tell you more. 'There is many a soul crying in heaven y and hell for vengeance on your race; but a your death to- night, Jasper Treuoweth, n shall bethe tbo peculiar joy of one Yougueseed that your grandfather had crimes upon his I soul ; but you did not guess the blackest yp crime on his account-the murder of his rt dearest friend. Listen. I will be brief with p yon, but I cannot spare myself the joy of letting you know this much before you die. w Know then, that when your grandfather was ca a rich man by this friend's aid-after, with b this friend's help, he had laid hands on the o secret of the Great Ruby for which for many b a year he had thireted, ia the momeot of his triumph, he turned and lotw that friend yp in order to keep the Ruby to himself. C ' That fool, your father, kept a Journal- ao which, no doubt, you have read over and is over again. Did he tell you how I caught i him on Adam's Peak, sitting with this Clasp el in his hands before a hideous graven stone ? That stone was cut in ghas ly mockery of e that friend's face; the bones that lay beo ti neathit were the bones of that Iriend. There, it on that very epot where I met your father, if face to face, did his father, Am ,e Frenoweta, ri strike down my father, Ralph Colliver. it ' Ab, light is beglnuing to down on your a eilly brain at last. Yes, pretending to pro- n teeat the old priest, who had the Ruby. he a stabbed my father with the very knife found in your father's beart, stabbed him before his wife's eyes on that little lawn upon the r mountain side; and, when my helpless mother called veogeance upon him, handed the still reeking knife to her and bade her tI do her worst. Ab, but she kept that knife, i)d you mark what was engraved upon the i blade ? That knife had a good memory, Mr, Jasper Trenoweth. i 'Let me go on. As if that deed were not a foul enough, he caused the old priest to carve-being skilful with the chisel-that a vile distortion of his dead friend's face onut of a huge boulder lying by, and then murdered d him too for the Ruby's sake, and tumbled 0 their bodies into the trough together. Such c was Amos Trenoweth. Are you proud of a your descent ? I 'I never saw my father. I was not born t until three monthes after this, and not until 1 I was ten years old did my mother tell me of his fate. SYour grandfather was a fool, Jasper Tre. v noweth, to despise her; for she was young then and she could wait. She was beautiful e then, and Amos Trenoweth himself had loved her. What is she now? Speak, for you have seen her.' As he spoke I seemed to see again that I yellow face, those awful, eoulless eyes, and 1 hear her laugh as she gazed down from the . box upon my dying love. I oAb, beauty roes. It wont for ever on that day when Amos Trenoweth spatin her face and taunted her as she cloung to the body of her husband. Beauty goes, but revenge can wait; to-night it has come; to night a th neand dead men's ghosts shall be glad, and point at your body as it goes tossing out to sea. To~night-but let me tell the rest so a word or two, for time pressee. How I was brought up, how my mad mother-for she is mad on every point bua one- rauined me to the sea, how I lete it at length and became an attorney's clerk, all this I need not dwell upon. But all this time the thought of revenge never I1ft me for an hour; and if it had. my mother would have recalled it. SWell, we settled in Plymouth, and t was E bound a clerk to your grandfather's attorney, y still with the same purpose. There I learnt of Amos Treooweth's affsir, buot only to a certain extent; for of the wealth which he a bad so bloodily won I could discover nothing, and yet I krnew that he possessed riches 1 which make the heart fain, even to think I upon. Yet for all I could discover, his pos. I sessions were simuly those of a struggling farmer his business absolu'ely nothing. I was almost desperate, when one day a tall, i gaunt and aged man stepped into the office, c asked for my employer, and gave the name of Amos Trenoweth. Oh, how Ilonged t, kill him as he stood there I And bow little did he guess that the clerk of whom he took no s more notice than of a stone, would one day strike his descendants off the face of the earth and inherit the wealth for which he had sold his soul-the great Ruby of Ceylon I 'My voice trembled with hate as I an. nounced him and showed him into the inner room. Then I closed the door and litsened, I lie was nneasy about his wdl--the fool-and did not know hat all his possessions would necessarily becoma hi. son's. In my heart I laughed at his ig.oraoce ; but I learnt enough --enough to wait p tieartly fi,rye,rs, and finally to track Ezekiel Trenoweth to his death. ' It was about this time that I fell in love. In this as in everything through life I have been cursed with she foulest Iluck ; but in this as in everything else my paliesce has won in the end. Lusy Luttrell loved another man called Raitton--Joha Ralltoo. He was another foot-you are all loole--bhut she married him and had a daughter I wonder if o0 can guess who that daughter was I' t iokebroke ol and loked at me with fiendish 'You hound I' I cried, ' she was Janet Railtou--Claire Lunctrell ; and you murdered her father as you say Amos Trenoweih murdered yours.' SRight.' he answered, coolly. * Quite right. Oh, the rts bywhich I enticed that man to drink and then to crime I Evlen now I could sit and laugh over tbom by the hour. Why, man, there was not a soUCh of guile in the fellow when I took him in hand, and yet it woeas be that afterwards took your faiher's life. He tried it ooce in Bombay and bungled it esly ; he did it neatly ennaioh, ,bough. on the jibhoosn of the Belle Fortunes. Ileat him the knife; I would have dne it myself, but Railctn was nearer ; and besides it is lways be.tor to be a watnes.' What was that rustling sound behind the partitiont Colliver did not boar it, at any rate, but went on with hie tale, end rthourhb is eyee were dancinag flanes of hate his ooco was calm now as ever. oi had stolen half the Clasp beforehand from th- cabin floor where that stupenodosne idiot, Ezaekiel Ptrnoweth, had dropped It. Rallron caught him before he dropped, but I dad not know he had time to get the box away, for jest then hbase wave broke ovor ua, and before the neixt we both jumped for the Rck I bhought that R?ailtn,, mitat have been sucked back, for I only slangr o. m~aoell ny the lutlek-s chunce. Is "*a pictch dark and imponsfble to see. I ealled his name, but bhes either could not hear for the roar, or did not chooS. te answer, so after a bit I stopped. I thought him dead, and be no doubb thmought me deal, until we met upon Daad Man's Rock. ' Shall 1 finIsh? Obh. yes, roe oal bear the whole story. Alfter the inquest I ercaped hark t, Plymouth, told Lucy that her bue. band had been drovnesd at sea, and finally persuaded her to leave Plymouth and marry me, So I triaumphed theres too; o0, yes, I have trilmphed throughoot.' ' Y,,a hound I' L cries. II*, rlauhoed a low musical laugh and went on again i Ah, yes, you sre angry, of course; hutIa let that pass. .'I have one account to settle with you Trenowethe, and that is enough for me. Three times have I had you in my poter, hir. Jasper t'renowretn-r-tne sites or r*ut-a-nd let you escape. Once beneath LDead lMan', Itook when I had my hngers on your youna weaaaad and was stopped by those carded fishermen. * Idiots that they were, they thought the sight of me had frightened you and made you faint. F'aint I You would have been dead in anothtr half minute. How I laughed In my sleeve while that uncle of yours was trying to make me understand-me--what was my name then ? oh, ay, Georgto Rhodojaun. However, you escaped that time ; and once moreyou hardly gueased how near you were to death, when I looked in at the window on the night after the inquest. Why, in my mind I was tosilng up whether or not I should murder you and your white-faced mother. I should have done so, out thought you might hold some knowledge of the secret after your meeting with ilatCoao, so that it seemed better to bide my time.' *If it oe any satisfaction to you,' I inter. rapted, 'to know that had you killed me then you would never have laid hands on that Clasp yonder, you are welcome to it.' ' It is,' he answered. ' I am glad I did not kill you both ; it left your mother time to see her dead husband, and has given me toe pleasure of killing you now; the treao im* proves with keepiog. Well, let me go on. After this I was forced toleavo the country ftur ome time----' ' For ano:her piece of villainy, whichyour wife discovered.' 'How do you know that Oh, from Claire, I suppose ; however, it does not matter. Wnen I came back I found you , found you, and struck again. But again my cursed luck stood in my way, and thet \-- friend of yours knocked me senseless. Look at this mark on my cheek.' ' Look at the Clasp and you will see where your Olow was struck.' ' An, that was It, was it ' he said, er amiumng the Clasp slowly. ' I suppose you thought it lucky at the time. So it was-tor me. Fur, t?ioug I made another mistake in tao fog that ulngt, I got quite witt your friend at any rate. I have chaled otlen enough at these failures, but it has all come right in the end. I ought to have killed your father upon Adam's Peak ; bhut he wes a big mau, while I had no pistol and could not afford to risk a mistake. Everytning, they say, comes to the man who can wait. Your father did not escape, neither will you, and when I think of thejoy it was to me to know that you and Ctlairo, of all people--' But I would hear no more. Mad as I was with shame and horror for my graudfather's cruelty, I knew tois man, notwithstanding his talk of revenge, to be a vile and treacher. oue scoundrel. So when he spoke of Claire I buret forth ' Dflog, ti is enough I Ihave liltened to your tale. But whenou you talk of Claire - Claire whom you killed to.nightr-then, dog, I spit upon you ; kill me, and I hope the treasure may curse you as it has cursed me; kill me ; use your knife, for I WILt shout--' With a dreadful snarl he was on me and emote me across the face. Then soe con. tiuued to call and shout, struck me one fearful blow behnid the ear. I remember that tho dim lamp shot out a streak of blood red flame, the cabhin was lit for one brief instant with a ashe of fre, a thousand ligate carted out, and then-tten came utter black. nees-a vague seosutirn of being caught up and carried, of plunging down-down. 