By EX F\ B. (Continued.) "As part of your bedroom furniture?" she retorted. "Why not, the young should sleep well, whatever is around." Her manner was scornful, and I reflected a moment before 1 said, gently, " I think, aunt Jane, I had better return soon ; if your evenings are always engaged, and you find no satisfaction in me and my ways. I shall be better placed at home, where interests and duties occupy me actively and mentally. Solitude and idleness combined would soon send me mad," I added, with a sudden irritation, as the long weary evening in that cold silent house rose in sharp contrast to the happy evenings at home. "Would solitude and idleness do that?" asked she, peering into my face with a cunning strange look, " would they, Pansy Dacombe ?" Her face was closer now, and her breath hot and dis- agreeable, but her eyes, burning with remarkable fire and intensity like living coals fixed my attention, and steadily looking into them and at her whole aspect, the truth came to me like a flash of light, and my heart stood still. In these supreme moments of our existence we are conscious of a terrible shock to a part of our system, and are conscious, too, of a power within us which rises suddenly to our help ; it depends upon ourselves to a great extent to recognize this power and avail ourselves of it at the moment of -terrible^need. Just as one sees a*man mortally wounded on a bed of surf er i ag, and unimpaired forces in his being fighting hard for his recovery. So at this juncture, which might have terminated fatally for me, there came a cool self-possession and power for decisive action to myfimmediate aid. And turning my gaze steadily away, I lit my candlestick, grasped the snakish handle firmly, and said, "well, good night, aunt Jane," and passing by her, went up the hall, and on into my own room. I locked the door, and sat down to face my fearful position, perspiration streaming from every pore. * * * * * * "I don't like the air of the place or house, and Miss Moreton, least of all, Father," said Leonard as he sat down to tea, tired with the long drive of thirteen miles, and depressed by anxiety for bis sister. The Doctor was disturbed, and asked briefly, " What strikes you most in Miss Morton?" "I find it hard to put into words," answered Leonard, with a thoughtful look, " but I felt as if in her presence we were in an evil atmosphere. She is uncanny, and Pansy will be more or less in danger as long as she is there ; in fact, father, I don't feel as if I could go to sleep this night unless Pansy is with us again ; and now you have it !" Leonard had left the table, and was striding up and down the dining room with every mark of agitation and unrest. The Doctor's practised eye was upon him, and his mind was full of complicated thoughts and reasonings. His son was not imaginative, and he possessed much of that valuable commodity, common-sense, and his behaviour was there- fore significant in his father's eyes. "Tell me all that passed, Leonard," he said, gravely, and ate his food with thoughtful silence as he listened. "It takes two hours to drive dowD," said Dr. Dacombe, with a glance at his watch, "it is now seven o'clock. Tell John to put the bay pair in the double buggy, and we will go and bring Pansy back, unless there is every good reason for leaving her. Leonard swallowed a cup of tea, and went out, and the Doctor went into his surgery. A pile of letters lay on the writingtable; he would read as many as he could, he reflected, and the rest must go. Crackle went paper and envelope as missive after missive was perused, and one drew an ex clamation of interest and pleasure from his lips. It was addressed from North Brighton, and was from a fellow practitioner. How quietly the Doctor sat till Leonard's footsteps sounded in the hall, and then he rose unsteadily from his chair, and faced his son with an ashen face. At first he did not speak, but thrust a letter into his son's hand, and then, huskily, "pray for your sister," he said, adding in a stiffled whisper. " Your aunt is mad /" " Father !" a world of horror and inquiry was in Leonard's voice, and with painful eagerness he devoured the letter. " . . . . Among other queer patients who have come under my notice is Miss Morton, your dear wife's sister, and after some difficulty I think I have arrived at a correct diagnosis that accounts for her wild ways, her gloominess, and late absorption in the mysterious study of mesmerism, which in her state is highly dangerous, for she is subject to intervals of madness, not wildly raging, but cunning and revengeful in type, and the power of mes- merism in such hands-" Leonard crushed the letter in his grasp, and with blanched face, and dimmed eyes, turned to help his father in packing a black bag with miscellaneous articles, a coil of rope, two pistols, wine and brandy, and some strong drugs, among other things. Five minutes later the bay horses were dashing down the quiet street in East Melbourne, and out towards Brighton and Black Rock. With no cessation of speed they rushed on to Prince's Bridge, and in brief response to the angry challenge of the police on duty, the Doctor shouted hoarsely, "delay me at your peril, it's for life or death," and they fell back ; it was not without grave cause that the well known physician had disregarded the rules for the first time in twenty-five years of practice. ****** " My aunt was mad ! If I could not escape, a horrible death might await me before morning. Oh, that I had never left home, if only papa and Leonard could know how I was placed ! The thought of them roused me to practical energy again, and I sprang up, and examined the window ; it opened quietly to my surprise and thankfulness, and I saw that it was about 20 feet from the ground. L had only a trunk with me, so I had brought no rope. To tear up the sheets on the bed would make the only rope available, and I immediately set to work, tearing them into strips, and knotting them together. When I supposed it long enough I cautiously lowered it, finding it quite sufficient for the purpose, and tying it securely to the leg of the bed, I looked at my watch, it was just eleven o'clock; I felt it would be wiser to wait a little longer if I could control myself to do so before I made mv escane : so straoDinp mv ulster and umbrella up ready to throw down when I went, I lay on the bed in the corner, and closed my eyes and prayed for strength to keep calm and quiet, since, if I was pursuing a right course, I need not fear the consequences. How strange it was I reflected that I should have been brought into contact with my aunt ; what was I to learn by it, I wondered, a little sadly, for learning was misery and sus- pense in this case. Then I recalled all the hours since I had come, and began to ponder my own actions and speeches, and wonder whether I had been wise in what I had said and done, or if Suddenly my thoughts became disconnected, and some- thing-not sound nor sight, but less tangible than either I can only call it a peculiar quality in the air, compelled me to open my eyes, and I became conscious that I was not alone. I seemed to apprehend danger from the door which was not used for ordinary entrance, and looked there, expecting to see my aunt, in what Btate I did not dare to imagine. But, oh ! great Heaven ! who and what was this, standing rigidly stiff, with ghastly face and hands hazily distinct in the faint moonlight ? For the storm of wind had died away, and all was quiet around. With vision sharpened by horror and terrible anxiety, and the appalling truth forced upon me that this was a "ghost," the existence of which 1 had always stoutly contemned as a myth. I watched it. Clad in white grave- clothes, eaten away by corruption, and hanging loosely on the sharp angles of the figure, its long damp hair streaming over its shoulders, and moaning pitifully ; the spectre moved towards the bed. The largeeyes were strained and bloodshot, and the cheeks hollow, and the bloodless lips drawn back as ia mortal agony, ex- posing the gums and teeth, but on the left temple, as it came nearer, was a terrible wound, crimson and purple, staining the livid skin ! Oh, my God ! what had I done that this being should haunt me ? It came to the bed side with slow mechanical steps, and stood there, wringing its hands and moaning, as in agony of body and spirit. I found my voice " Why do you come to me? I have never hurt you 1" I wailed, feeling my senses failing me-"go away, back to your grave !" Only a long moan answered me, and instead of leaving me, my dim sight could just see that the miserable spectre had fallen on my bed. I saw no more, and yet on my brain the last distinct impression was my father's face, iu his old sealskin travelling cap and ulster. When I again recovered consciousness I waa in the buggy with papa and Leonard, and when I spoke they told me it was too keen a wind for me to be talking in, and I said nothing then, until a few minutes after they lifted me out, and we went into the warm dining room, brightly lit up. " Papa," I murmured, in an agony of wonder and distress» "do not leave me, do not leave me any more." I clung to him-spasmodically. "Martha," I-called sharply, " come in and shut the door tight, lock it, too, and then sit down."' Our old servant came in ; my word was law ; she obeyed my directions, and sat down, Leonard close by. And I, with, my head on my father's breast, looked at them all over and over again, and at last I felt that this was real, and my terror and the sad spectre a miserable nightmare. And with that thought the hot tears rushed down my cheeks, and I wept as though my heart would break. "Papa," I said, " have I been to Black Rock, and did I see a fearful-" I shuddered over the word-"a fearful ghost?" "Yes, Pansy, you went to Black Rock, and you saw a woman personate a ghost ; she did nnt wish to harm you, and I came and brought you away. Martha, we will have some nice hot cocoa, please, and some sandwiches and bread and butter, as soon as you like," this in a louder key, for the benefit of the old woman's bad hearing. She went out, and papa told me the rest. He had climbed up by my improvised ladder to my window and got in just in time to see the "ghost" fall on my bed, and my con- sequent fainting fit. The " ghost " was the poor servant girl, on whom my aunt had used mesmeric power, and having artfully dressed her and painted an imaginary wound on her temple, she compelled her to come into the room and stand by ray bedside. My speaking to her disturbed her mesmeric sleep, and already in a state of great physical weakness, she became unable to stand, and fell on the bed. My aunt was violently enraged at the appearance of Leo and my father, and vented her wrath by telling them her diabolical plans for my ruin. I was invited to Black Rock to have my mind and temper disturbed, and my mental and physical balance upset by degrees ; then two or three shocks of the supernatural order were to be administered, in the hope of effectually turning my brain. But they gathered that my likeness to my mother upset her equilibrium, and she could not control herself to wait and carry out these plans, hence the "ghost " scene. " Why should Bhe hate me so?" I asked in utter bewilderment. " Years ago when I first became acquainted with your dear mother, I saw that her elder sister, your aunt Jane, was against our engagement, and indeed she made me plainly understand that she bad a preference for me herself. This made things very awkward, and in fact, I was obliged to run away with your mother, Pansy, Bince in no other (Continued on page U.J f II ildSf IF BM?I nm. (Continued from page 7.) manner could I hope to win ber. Your aunt wrote ns a letter, bestowing a curse on us and our children, and we never saw or heard from ber again, until that ill-fated day when she invited you to Black Rock." " How did you think of coming so late, on this very night, papa V I said, presently. " Leo was so anxious, he couldn't rest, until we had you back again, my little girl," said papa, as be tenderly led me to the table and sat me in an armchair. " But we should have got down about half past nine, only that one of the bays put his foot in a hole, on the St. Kilda road, and was lame all the rest of the way," he added, with deep regret. Then supper came in, and the hot fragrant cocoa, and tempting sandwiches looked so homelike that I was able to eat quite a good meal, and I had to urge papa and Leonard or they would have done miserably, wasting all their time in long tender looks and loving actions for my benefit. " You are glad to have me back all right," I said, cheer- fully, " but you spoil me, looking at my face and hair as if I were made of gold and precious stoneB." "I'm looking at you as if you were decked with silver," said my brother, gently, and with an impressiveness that perplexed me. " Pansy, you have passed through a terrible time of fear, distress, and mental agony, and-it has left traces on you, my darling, that will remain. Your pretty brown hair, Pansy, has turned white through the fearful shock of this night's work, but /," my father's voice shook with loving feeling and deep gratitude, " / cannot thank God enough that your brain is not turned." I rose and looked at myself in the gk ss ; I was pale and altered by exhaustion, and my abundant hair was indeed white as Bnow. But I was safe, and my brain fairly clear, and I threw my arms round my father's neck, and whispered, " thank God it ÍH as it is !" I slept on the couch in the dining room all night, and dear papa lay in his dressing gown on a mattress near the fire. Poor aunt Jane Bpent the rest of her days at the Yarra ßend, and tho servant giri she had almost killed we sent into the country to gome nice homely people, who nursed her back to fair health and spirits again, and I think Bhe has won the heart of a young farmer, and will settle down in a happy home of her own soon. And as for me, I am going to fulfil the destiny of woman, töo, and learn fresh lessons in life under another roof, where I am told by an enthusiastic masculine voice I shall find Eden again. TUB END, 