POINTS. TTNLTicKY Name. — Bulimba. Feabpdl Tbaoedy. — At the abattoirs. Beown-.— Of Btmdaborg-, is to liquidate. Go off Quickly. — Immigrants. Only about a dozen now iu tlio depot. In Quarantine. — Bulimba, this afternoon. The steamship, of conrso. Blunt. — Is the man for Gulway. In gaol there. . : Looking 'Up.— Shipping trade. There are now half a dozen sailing ships in port. . : Peooino Away.— Promotors aro , at- that South Polo expedition. ?- , ? Change of Phoqbamsie. — At the Gaiety pan« tomimo to-night. 'On! the Jubileb.'— M!bs Amy Horton, :n ' Mother G OOP.O,' at the Gaiety. Rurrun. — Has retired from public life for a . time. Mb. Whaoqk. — Says the rain is going to rain, and tho wind is going to wind. Typhoid.— And all that, at Paddington ancl n Victoria. EaYFHAN3. — Aro angry with Ismail Pasha. If not Ismail it would bo BOmeono else. BniDOEn. — Tlio champion, burglar of Syelnoy, grubbed and emodded. The Cold. — Is punishing the Russian troops in Poland ; so they say. If it were not the cold it would bo something else. Wivaniioe Way. — Many votos will be lost through not putting electors' names on roll. Same elsewhere. Diiibs. — On the rnmpago. Savugo bocauso the revenuo is coming up and Burns did not foresee it. Champagne Ltjnoh. — To tho pantomime company this afternoon in a steam launch up the river. Poon Old Paekes. — Went to Ktama to see. what had become of that ghost. Could not iiud it. Has been laid. BnmsH Tbade, — Tho Times says it is bettor. Mustbo'truo; and would havo been so if tho Times had not said it. - Going to Pot.— Who ? Hodgkinson. How? Well, anyway, ho is going to Cook ; und Cook is always the way to Pot. Mb. Blakeney's Decision. — In re the Tramway Union is to be reviewed iu Executive Council. : Cube foe OvEn-ropuLATioN. — Lot tho gases from the nightsoil coutiuuo huro to load tho sJuggieh air. No need for Mnltlius then, Howes.— Going to liquidate How shy creditors appear to bo of the Insolvent Court. What is tho matter ? Significant.— Poor Samuel Silvier got his fingers into a planing machine, und then got himself into the hospital. . : Ticks. — From Wivenhoe say : ' Kellett, no chance;' ' Vernon, notlikoiy;' 'White, a few hearty good friends ;' ,'? Sullivan will be liurd to beut.' In Flood. — Annan, Endeavour, and Nor« manby Rivers and neighbouring rivulets. Bridges taking to tho stream. Moro work to rebuild them. Another nail in tho coffin of the Government. Good Idea. — To call upon all deposit banks and building societies to show up their ac counts. Just what tho good ones want the chance io do. Saul. — Has picked up hia travelling appoint ments, and iB off to Australia. Ho really ib coming to Australia, for hois coming to New South Wales. Johnny Lane. — A. member of tho Imporia Parliament, has teen up to trielro, and Salis bury's Criminal Act has caught him. Irish. Parliament in prison. Hope and Despair. — Sweet girl (disrobing) : 'Did you look under tho bed ?' Old maid : 'What for!'' 'To see if there was a man there.' ' No, dear, I've given up all hope.' Two Planes. — Yes, too plain's tho evidence against you, Durant. Never steal a pin, or you may aguin feel a Pinnook. Oh, Durant ! stealing two plains, when you can got them at hulf a crown un ucre. How They Reqabd It.— Colonial idea of water. Teetotal advocate: 'Rofre.ih at that limpid stream, crystal, clear, and whito, pure as a mother's love — water, water.' Colonist from. Erin : ' Its mighty convenient to bile pertaterB in.' Political. — Street larrikin to his Conser vative pal : Come, shout swipes. Conservative pal: Can't, olo man ; am waiting for the Con servatives to get in office, when I am certain o£ a good billet; then I will. (The ''then' is farther away than he thinks.) ? Quite Easily.— Mrs. Gummidge (to secu larist, ivho ia going- a sea trip on Sunday) : 'And so you are going to clmpol, Ezekielr' Secularist : ' No.' Mrs. G. : ' But, of course, youwouldliko to go?' Secularist: ' I should liko to go immensely, but I can restrain my self.' ' . . . , .. No Gbhat Shakes Eitheb. — ' A Frenchman. haB invented a Bheep-shearing machine.' Fancy, invented a maohine. Why, there are swells of the ' doa. bawy' stump who will shear big sboep in lesB than a twinkle if ' they fail to keep their weather eyes open, only em ploying a greasy tongue to perform the feat. Jawdeeakebs. — A new cliutn having: got tired of Llaufairpwllgwyngyllgogoryohwyrudrobwl lgertrobwllantysoliogogogooh, in Wales, passed. Rhosllanerclirugog, in anothor part of North. WaleB,'i:»rot--«for Bungeworgoira and Indoo roopilly, in Queensland. Does anyone know if he has arrived ? Blood will Tull.— Yesterday a certain Georgian drink-supplying establishment, aftor hearing a fair one's sweet voico, thought fit to remove her. This work was not so easily per formed, -while oiio of tho bairns withher (a, youngBter about 9) said, as tho -potman was handling hisparent, ' Ifjyou touch my mamma. I'll knock your brains out.' ' . 