SPORTING NEWS, by sentinel. Never within 'tlie memory of the most ancient turfite did the books get such, a roasting as they did during the last Cup meeting. Dorby Day, disaster ; Cup Day, more dis. aster ; Oaks day.oontinqed disaster ; Steeple chase Day, disaster doubly distilled. This is a trifle too much for one week, but it got there jnat the same. One big book had arranged for his banker to be ready with twenty thousand on set tling day. The "ready" was ready, but he hid to dip down for another eight thousand before the last ghost vanished. Averments are that the books invariably orack that they lose. If such has been the practice, they have cracked truthfully on this occasion. _ All the fair fielders fell heavily, the mixers not so heavily, whereas the pluugera with the pencil got squarely engulplied. Ballarat lias won largely over the meetlng.- Bluo Mountain's dual victories, Mentor's dual victories, Bravo, Savanak,' and Flash lights single victories, will enrich local coffers .to the extent of £30,000. There aresporting writers who will tell you that .it is impossible to back a Cup winner for more than £35,000 to £40,000. I'd like to have for ray divvy all that tho ring pajd over £100,000. .A local sportsmen who had the bad luck to be ill ab.ed when the.Cup was riin had the good luck to win £10,000. Another erstwhile local sport, who had a horso of his own in the race, was -C50.QJ richer after Mentor's win. And still another, this iime the veteran. Robert Orr, won a goodly, sum on Mr Wal lace's horse. . . " Among our local trainers, owners, and horsey inen generally Mentor and the Bal larat horses were profitable . sources of wealth; Reports are to hand of middling, sub stantial and big wins all over the colonies. After the stable, and tlio two wins, afore mentioned, fours In thousands, to ones in hundreds are as plentiful as peas. Several of the bookies burst up under Cup pressure, The totul amount af de ficiencies is within five thousand. Carbine realised 30:30 guineas under the hammer. It is generally believed that the next time he strips tlie magpie jacket will be on board. Tradition wins htm 50 gnineas hotter, and at 3050 it ia supposed that tlie jockey who last sported the magpie jacket secured him. With the exception of Fisherman, sold for 3500, Carbine and Tradition fetched high est prices of any thorongliherds sold in Aus tralia. Syl via, 2650 ; Rose of Denmark, 2050 ; Warwick. 2QJ0 ; Archie, 1850; Chrysolite, 1750; His Lordship, 18i)0 ; Fireworks, 1700 ; Darebin. 1559, are some of tlio high- priced racehorses'. " Punch" has a ' magnificent cartoon in last week's issue. Joe Thompson and Alt. Joseph got up in a gladiatorial style, are de bating whether they will kill, or merely skin tho prostrate lamb, which represents the public. They decide only to skin it and let it :lo duty again next year. So far so good, but tho cardinal defect of the cartoon is, that tho lamb has really get the gladiators by the lug. Not only is the lamh not skiqned. its fleeoe is ahnormally long, wheris the skin of the ringmeo, what little is left of if, is decidedly thin and tender. Entries for the D.iwling- Forest . re-union are only fuir, and for Sandhurst they are not even that. The excessive number of racing fixtures in and around the metropolis is slowly but surely killing the "'np-country clubs. W Stor." 