A BLACK SHEEP. SOME EPISODES IN HIS LIFE. By A. C. (Published by speotal arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chatter XXVIII.— A Sequel to the Stoey. It was not such a very public place as It had been an hour ago. By this time the bulk of Its Sunday loungers had gone home to their early teas and put their children to bed. On the slope where these lovers stood, reunited for a moment after a - separation of two and twenty years, only a couple of harmless old men and a small boy remained to spy upon them. Bat the Observatory Hill might have been a desert Island for all they thought about it. . iUchard. JJelavel held ma uonstance s band hi a grip that was almost cruel, and deoured her delicate face with his eyes aa a beggar In the agonies of starvation de voutb his unexpected crust. He was off his head with excitement. ' Where have yoH been 1 What have you been doing ? Why did you leave me without a message — without a clue? I went to look for you to tell you I was going to keep my word and found you gone — not a trace of you left ! Not even bo much as a note to tell me you wore safe, not dead, or kidnapped, or starving In a gutter somewhere. I was simply frantic about you. I hunted for you all through the city, I advertised, I should have set off on a search through the world, and gone on searching till this day if I had not been tied like a chataed convict — I would not hare rested nil I found you. Ab It Is I have had no rest — I have been lookiDg for yon all the time— fretting to think what might have become of you wanaering aione aoput tne worm. Why did you do it, Constance ? Couldn't you trust me ?' . . \- 'I couldn't,' the lady replied ; 'nor myself either. I paw that something must be done, or you would never have had a chance, Dick. And I should have given way too — I could not have borne it.' ' ' Oh, you .'' he rejoined, with a touch of bitterness. ' You never gave way — you were always safe — you might have helped me, as you were used to helping me, with out any riBk to your own immaculate good ness.' She smiled faintly. She had recovered her self-posseBBlon, though he had not. 'You talk as if you were young still,' she eaid, 'but you must know better now. Anyway 1 did tor tne Dest. it seemea the osly possible course to take for every body's sake. And I thought you would soon get over it, Dick.' 'I am sure you never thought that, Constance.' ' I hoped so.' ' You had no business to hope ao, con sidering what we were to each other. Do you remember those old days when I was . ill, when you nursed me, and read to me, and taught me to be a better man than I had ever had a chance of being — and how you helped me when f began to work and make my way? Do you remember that night when your mother died and we were left alone ? Do you remember ? ' 'Oh, hush!' she Interrupted. 'I don't want to remember all that should be buried and forgotten now.' «' I have not forgotten It,' he said, looking down at her with eyeB full of the pasBion of that old time ; ' and you knew I never Bhould — you knew in your heart that I Bhould not get over It. It was un just to me to think it or hope it — if you really did— knowing what you knew. Oh, my dear, It was cruel of you ! Ib was cruel and cold-blooded and barbarous and unnecessary — yes, unnecessary, because I should have kept my word. I have been nursing this scolding for you for over 20 years, and now I find you at last I must ease my mind of it. It waB cruel to go off like that, without a word, without even a note, as if I were a wild beast you were escaping from.' 'Any way, it was right,' she replied. «' I eee now- even better than I«aw then, how ' tight it waa. And If I had never come back again,' she added, with a quivering smile-, 'it would have been more right still.' 'No, no,' he protested, with quick alarm and eagerness. 'You must nob think that — you must not judge me as I am now — upset by this surprise so that I den't know what 1 am talking about. I'll eay no more about old time?, Constance — forgive me, and don't imagine It necessary to run away again to escape from annoy ance, I should not have let my tongue run eo freely, bnt the habit of the old days Is still strong — I never could have reserves with you. Bat I'll try — don't be afraid. Tell me about yourself. Sit down on 'this seat and rest — rest yourself ba side me, and tell me what sorb of life you have been able to make of it. What did you do when you went away ? Where did you go ?' '1 went to England,' she said, seating herself where Sue had been sitting. ' My uncle's ship was in port when I made up my mind, and I asked him bo give me a passage. He refused at first because of having no accommodation for women, but afterwards he consented, and he made me very comfortable, and he enjoyed having me with him.' ' I should think ao. And what did you do when you got to England ?' ' I stayed with him a little while, and then I got a situation as governess.' *' Governess ! Good Lord ! To think of you drudging ab that work — a slave to another woman, and to a pack of illcon ditioned brats.' 'It was nob slavery. They were pleasant little brats, and their mother was very kind to me.' 'lam sure It must have been Insaffer able. And how long did it last ?' ' About two years.' 'And what then?' 'Then I wentinbo a London hospital and become a nurse.' 'Ugh I What possessed you to do that?' ?' Well, I wanted some klad of definite work, and I wanted to be my own mis* tress, and 1 like nursing— I think I have a talent for It.' 'I know you have — a heaven-born gifb such as I should think few women can boast of. But It Is one thing nursing yenr own — nursing those you love — and living morning, noon, and night in an atmosphere of blood and horror, as you must have done in a London hospital.' ' I got used to thab, and I think I made a very successful nurse. The poor crea tures used to brighten up when they saw me coming, They had great faith In me, and the doctors trusted me almost as wear a white cap and a big white apron with a bib.' *' You must have looked beautiful hi them — I can Imagine you ; and I can imagine the patients brightening up at sight of you, even in the agonies of death. Well'— with a deep respiration— ' how long did that last ?' 'Seven years and three- quarters.' ' And what did you do then ?' 'Then I married.' 'WJiat?' He nearly jumped from his seat. If she had confessed to having murdered somebody he could not have been more astounded and shocked — more tragically disappointed In her. Like a man (who must have a mate for himself of one sort or another), It was the last thing he exnected to hear of in connec tion with the woman who had loved him, and who had been to him the Incarnation of all that was true and faithful. 'I married,' she repeated quietly, Ignoring his concern. ' It was one of the doctors at the hospital— Dr. James Slllcotb. He had a large practice hi the East-End afterwards. When we married he would not let me nurse any more, pro fessionally, bub still I did a great deal amongst his private patients.' ' And you were awfully in love with him, I suppose ?' i ' He was a good husband,' she replied gently. ?' * \- ''Was? Is he in the past?' ' Yes. He died several years ago.' - 'Thank God !', Richard ejaculated fervently — almost savagely. After a pause he continued, in a calmer tone, 'I'm sore he never cared a straw for you, nor you_ for him. Wasn't It so, Con stance ? ' I know by your voice.' 'Oh no, It wasn't so, Dick. We did care— we had a true affection for each other. We were as happy together as — as nine- tenths of married people are.' ' JuBt so,' he said, with a note of satis faction, almoBt of exultation hi his voice. 'I know exactly how happy that was.' And he began to feel a3 if he might possibly in time forgive her for marrying Dr. James Elllcott. 'And after your husband's death, what then, Constance? Did he leave you well off ?' 'Not very. But there was enough. My [wants were never many or extrava gant. I left London and went to live at Lausanne with the children.' 'The children!' he echoed again in that Bhocked and reproachful voice. Ib was horrible to think of another man having had possession of her (who could never have belonged to him), bub the thought of children— hers and his— was quite Intolerable. ' How many ?' he en quired gloomily. ' Two,' whispered Mrs. Ellicott, with' averted face. He looked round as if he expected to see them appear on the Observatory Hill. ' Where are they ?' he demanded. 'They are dead,' she answered, with all the anguish of the bereaved mother hi her quiet voice. He gazed at her hi silence for a minute or two after she told him this ; then he took her hand and folded It In both his own, drawing her as If he would have drawn her into his arms. 'My poor little woman,' he murmured, the words full of tender compassion that was like music to her ears and strong wine to her blood, 'what troubles you have had while you have been away from me ! And how different it might have been— O Con stance, bow different It might have been ! How I would have taken care of you and cherished you ? ' 'Don't ! don't 1' she protested, freeing her imprisoned hand. ' Don't make me feel how mistaken-rhow wicked Ib was of me to come hack. I thought I would like to see if you were alive and well — when I had no longer any ties to bind me to one place — and I thought I had found you living bravely and honorably, living calmly and happily In your home — all those old feelings dead and done with — — ' ' Dead and done with !' he echoed, interrupting hi his turn. 'They'll be dead .and done with when I am, and not before.' ' We are old people now, Dick,' ehe went on, touching his sleeve with her hand, which he immediately seized again. ' We have lived the beBb part of our lives since then — ? — ' 'Oh no, Constance, not the best part by any means,' « The largest part— the part that should have been useful and fruitful — that should, when it was over, have left us wise and strong, capable of resisting the temptations that were too much for as when we were young. And I know,' she added in a tone of conviction, 'thab if I had not come back ib would have been all right. You were happy as you were — until this afternoon.' ' WJin toM tjfwi t.Vrnfc T mu hnnnv aa ] was?' ' I saw ib for myself. I have been here some months, and I have seen you several times.' ' You can't see through my clothes and my flesh. You can't see through brick walls/' ' No. But I have talked with your daughter.' 'Did you know she was my daughter when you talked to her ?' 'Tea. I had seen you together.' Mrs. Ellicott looked at him with a tender en couragement In her womanly eyes. ' Only to bave a child like that ehould make you happy,'' ehe said. 'She can ba nothing but an unqualified comfort and resource tc you.' _? . ? ' She is— she la,' he replied, with a ? momentary lightening of his passionate melancholy. 'She's the beat child that . ever was born. I don't know what I should have done without her.' Then the cloud fell again, and his head drooped towards his knees, where he rested his forehead on his hands that still grasped hers. 'But. oh I' he broke out, with a eorb of groan, 'Ib has been such a life of emptinesB ! It has been such a deaert wasbe of loneliness — that no child could fill ! A man wants his mate, Constance. I can't help it that I'm made of flesh and blood and not of eternal spirit— I can't help it that I'm not a saint, like you. I've tried all I know to make the best of things — to suck nourishment oat of the stone that's been my substitute for meat — but I've been hungry all bhe time when I haven't felb dying of starvation. It's my nature — I'm made so — I can't change myself into another man. Another man might have forgotten that he had once found his perfect counterpart — found the fulfilment of all his dreams, of all the longmgs of his body and soul — and lost her as Boon as he had found her, but I could never forget Ib. Another man might, when his yule wa3 cold, have warmed himself at little fires, as Tenny son says, but nob I — not I. There has has not been a day, nor a night, that I haven't cried for you in my heart, as a baby cries for its mother. And now thab you have come back — even now, when I can see you and hold you — even now, after two-and-twenty years, I must not ask, I must not hope for, one moment's real consolation. Oh, my God' — sobbing heavily—' how am I going to bear It ?' ****** Sue wasted a long time at the gate below the hill, and the thoughts that kept her company were exceedingly bitter. For the first tune hi her life bitter thoughts were associated with that beloved father who^she had fondly Imagined could do no wrong. There had been no mistaking the nature of his emotion when he recognised his friend, and the fact of having dimly guessed a sentimental secret hi connection with the long ago past did not lessen the shock to his daughter of seeing that tha illicit passion which only youth and the peculiar circumstances could excuse had survived through two-and-twenty deooroup years, and now blazed as high as ever, He had not even tried to disguise ib. He had considered nothing bub his own law less feelings, juBt like any common man like the agnostic of ecclesiastical tradition, who, having no fear of eternal punish ment, lives tor his. selfish pleasures only, and counts duty and honor as nothing. Ob, how had the mighty fallen, and whab a tragedy that fall waa t With all the severity of young and untried virtue Susan Delavel judged her father, and felb that Bhe could never again look up to him as she had done. And under the 'bitter ness of thia high-minded diflappobibmBnt* . there was the bitterness : -of —personal ' -' jealouey, alive and full grown' all In a : moment were such a feeling had1 never before existed. The world seemed -to ;. have suddenly clouded over. Everything ' was changed by this dire catastrophe. ' Chapter XXIX. — Love and J)crrr.; When the culprit appeared at last he was alone. Sue did not look at hlmi nor he at her. ' Come along,' he said with, a sort of hard sternness that sufficiently indicated his state of mind, as he sharply opened [and shut his watch ; and ha hurried her down the zig-zag road back to the familiar streets, and hailed the first hansom he came across. 'Look sharp,' he shouted to the driver, conscious of offending againBt the domestic regulations, which was an argent matter even In the face of the higher tragedies: of life; - And then he sat and stared at the side walks, half turned from his daughter,* and-spake not a word till they arrived at Darttng Point. . ?????- ?????'? In the hall Mrs. Delavel met them with the face of an avengmg aBgid, «bM *&rt; ? terrible. - Itwastfire»-qQirl&ot.;«itlwie ' - past the time for that cold mfcatteiwhlcirr — ~ was me ounaay snuuiuu& xot cdb wunl ? day dinner. 'How *to the iSBtvantr to get to church?' she demanded with sad severity. 'How can we expect them to be punctual with their duties Jf we set them such an example ? How anvl to keep any proper order In the honao v ' Her husband put out ids hand and quietly, without touching her, ? swept her from his path. He was hot In a con dition to bear tWfl sorb of thing just now. He made straight for the library, which opened off the upper hall, and entering that room, which was peculiarly his own, sharply shut the door behind him. He was a complaisant husband as a role, bnt there were times when even Ap1^** under stood that he was dangerous to meddle witb, and she saw thab this was one of them. But, 'as usual at such tunes, his demonstration of independence and of In difference to her possible: sufferings was very galling to her feelings. She felb tost her paramount rights as a wife were dis regarded, which to her, 'as to a great number of married ladies, was the dead liest of deadly Injuries, and therefore, a slow resentment and indfgnatlbn hardened her soft mouth and eyeB, and hardened her heart against him. She followed hla vanishing figure with a still, set, look that those who knew her understood to mean a long continuance of grievous, If silent, displeasure, her lips compressed, her nostrils dilated, offended womanhood manifested in every line of face and form. Ab the shutting— I might say banging — of the library door echoed through the house, her daughter's arms were thrown round her neck, and she was ttaaed with warmth on her comely cheek. ' Mother, darling,' said Sue with un wonted tenderness, 'lam so sorry. We went further than usual— we forgot about the time. We made as much haste aa we could when we found how labe Ib was. ? I will leave my bonnet here' — putting It and her gloves on the hall table— 'and we can sit down at once.' Annie returned the rare embrace per functorily with a stiff and bitter smile. ' I am glad only you are here to see how your father treats me and not the servants,' said she with a vibrating voice, 'I think he forgets that I am his wife — that he is a gentleman.' She would have flown out at these words yesterday, but they struck her now wibh a kind of painful truth. Still she felb bound to defend her comrade, even in bis disgrace. 'He meant nothing, mother dear. I am sure he never Intended to be rude to you. But he Ib tired— I think he Isn't very well. You know he gets a little Im patient at times. Let us go and have tea,' They went to the dining room together, and Annie sat down behind her silver kettle with the settled resolution of a martyr. Her daughter helped her to cold chicken and ham, to bread and to salad, to butter and to salt, hovering round her with a loving attentiveneaa -that was not at all In the usual order of things. She thought it was intended to deprecate the reprimand which had been bo justly In curred; and that reminded her of the girl's complicity In the father's offences, and rendered her unresponsive to the latber's blandishments as a rock to sum mer wavea. It waa her habit when she was displeased to 'set' slowly ana steadily, like a cooling blancmange, and she had reached that point of stiffness now at which displeasure ceased to flow in words ; but, as in. the case of the blanc mange, It required substance as It aeb, and - Sue, in common with all the members of the household, knew that the less she was Bcolded the moie In disgrace she was. She felt herself repulsed by fair mother's manner— felt the breath of the Azotic at mosphere as a ship sailing In the dark feels the neighborhood of icebergs, and knows that it must steer with caution ; but Bhe remained gentle, and warmly tender herself in -spite of It, fall of her new born sympathy^ her profound plby for the parent who had fceen wronged so j tench more deeply than she knew. They ate and drank mechanically, for tbe taosfc part in a silence that was only broken by the tinkle of a teaspoon and the noise of scraping butter upon toast. The father did not come to his waiting chair, and the mother was much too proud to call him. If he wished to show his temper in a way that would certainly set all the servants gossiping it was for her, she considered, to bear it with what dignity she could, not to descend to vulgar ramonstrance. But as the minutes passed and he made no eign her smooth-faced anger deepened, her cold resentment froze. Suddenly Sue jumped up. 'I will take him a cup of tea,' she said. ' He ?must want something after his long walk, and perhaps he doesn't feel well enough to come out. May I, mother T1 Silently Sirs. Delavel pushed an empty cup towards her daughter, who filled it from the*teapot and cream jug. Sue cut added a buttered econe, then a wafer of t-.aet, then a little cake, with that womanly and indeed hazn&n; Instinct for he right treatment of mental suffering -ihieh transcends reason and moral prin ciples ; and, placing cup and plate on a tray taken from the sideboard, carried them to the library. The large room, that was richly sombre la the brightest day, was now In darkness save where the rising moon made a white mist about the writing table in the window and on a strip of book-lined wall, and its lonely occupant lay in a corner out of the light, stretched at full length on a sofa, with his arm thrown over his eyes. Sue knew where he was, and knew her way amongst the masses of oaken furniture that stood between him and the door. She stole with the footsteps of a ghost over the Turkey carpet, pulled up a chair beside him, set her burden upon it, and then said gently, in a flat, colorless voice, ' 1 have brought you a cup of tea, father. :s (To he continued. 1 