SPROFOUND MYSTERY, CBAPTER XVI. TO-MORROW. \- 'She has told me all, Miss Catheron.' 'Not Miss Catheren,' she interrupted, with a smile that lit her worn face into youth and beauty; 'not Miss Catheron, surely. Inez-Cousin Inez, if you will. It is twenty-three years-do you know itl-since any one has called me Miss Catheron before. You can't fancy how oddly it sounds.' He looked at her in surprise. "You do not bear your own namel And yet I might have known it, lying as you..till do--' .?Urder the ban of murder.' She arhddered slightly as she said it. ' Yes. SI ed, that dreadful night, from prison, and made my way to onleft my name behind ms. I i i t he name of alies Black. I I le ngs in that crowded a4mbethl: rnd. tor the was of all those years the most dreary, the most miserable and lonely time 'of my probation. I lived there four months; then came the time of your father's complete restoration to bodily health, and confirmation of the fear that his mind was entirely gone. What was to be. done with him? Lady Helena was at a loss to know. There were private asylums, but she disliked the idea of shutting him up in one. He. was per. fectly gentle, perfectly harmless, Fer.. fectly insane. Lady Helena came to see me, and I, pining for the sight of a familiar face, sick and weary to death of the wretched neighbourhood in which 1 lived, proposed the plan that has ever since been the plan of my life. Let Lady si Helena take a house retired enough to S be safe, sufficiently suburban to be healthy; let her place Victor there with me; let, Mrs Marsh, my old friend and "" house-keeper at Catheron Royals, I 1 become my house-keeper once more; i let Hooper, the butler, take charge of us, and let us all live together. I a, thought then, I think still, it was the i best thing for him and for me that could have been suggested. Aunt Helena acted upon it at once, She i found a house on the outskirt of St. John's-wood--a large house,' set in spacious grounds, and enclosed by a w high" wall-called Poplar Iedge. It suited us in every way. It combined all w the advantages of town and country. hi She leased it from the agent for a long term of years for a ' Mr and Mrs Vie tor being in very poorhealth.' Secretly, ht and by night, we removed your father to there, and since the night of his ena m trance he has never passed the gates. m From the first-in the days of my:H youth and my happiness-my life belonged to him : it will belong to him to the end. Hooper and Marsh are with me still, old and feble now, and of tS late I don't think I have been uns 1I happy. She sighed, and looked out at the If dull rain-beaten day. The young man wi listened in profound pity and admira tion. Not unhappy ! Branded with the ev ieadliest crime man can commit or the law punish, an exile, a recluse, the life. tr" long companion of an insane man and In two old servants I No wonder her hair it forty was gray-no wonder all life P and colour had died out of that color.., In less face years ago. Perhaps his eyes sh told her what was passing in his mind. ra The smiled and answered that look. ti ' I have not been unhappy, Victor. [ want you-to believe it. Your father*' was more tome then all the world be side-bhe is -so still. He is but the TI wreck of the Victor 1 loved, and yet I s8 would rather spend my life by his side an than elsewhere on earth. And I was - not quite forsaken.- Aunt Helena oft we came and brought you. It seems but be yesterday since I bhad you in my arms, am rocking you asleep, andnow -and now yc they tell me you are going to be mar.. i ried.' . n The sensitive colour rose over his dI face fore second, then faded, leaving him very pale . 'I was going to be married,' he d, answered slowly ; ' but she' does not nI know this. My father lives; the title bi and inheritance are his,not mine. Who f is to tell what she may say noel' ' The dark,thoughtful eyes looked at f. him earnertly. 'Does she love you,' she asked, 'this ' Miss Darrell , I need hardly inquire whether you love her.' b ' I love' her so dearly that, if I lose her--' He paused, and turned his cc face awaytfromher in the gray light.it rst. I ought to have known. It may have been meant in kindness, hut I k believe it was a mistake. Heaven I knows how it will end now ' You mean to say, then, that in the h hour you lose your title andinheritance I you also lose Miss Darrell 1 " ' I have said nothing of the kind Edith is one of the noblest, the truest of women ; but can't you see it looks as though she had been d? ceived -imposed upon. The loss of title and wealth would make adiflerence to.any woman on earth. ' Very little to a .woman who loved, d Victor, I hope-I hope this young girl loves you. Again the co'our rose over his face; again he turned impatiently away. ' She will love me,' he answered- 'She has promised it, and Edith Darrell is a girl to keep her word.' ' So,' Miss Catheron said, softly and sadly, 'it is the old French proverb over again ' There is always one who loves and one who is loved.' She has owned to you I that she is not in love with you, thenl Pardon me, Victor, but your happiness Sis very dear to me.' 'She owred it,' he answered, 'witth the rare nobility and candour that be* long to her. Sach affection as mine Swill win-its return. Love begets love, they say. It mast.' 'Not always, Victor-ah--not al ways-else what a happy woman I had been. But surely she cares for no one else I' ' She cares for no one else,' he an swered, doggedly enough; but in his inmost heart that never-dying jealously of Charley Stuart rankled. ' She cares for no one else-she has told me so. and she is'pride, and truth, and purity itself. If I lose her through this, then the . secret for insanity will have wrecked for ever still another life,' ' If she is what you have pictured her,' Inez said steadily, 'no loss of rank or fortune would ever make you give her up. But you are not to lose either. You need not even tell her if you choose.' ' I can have no secrets from my plighted wife Edith must know all; but the secret will be as safe with her as with me.' ' Very well,' she said, quietly; ' you know what the result will be if by any chance '.Mrs Victor ' and. Inez Oathe be exactly as you plese:' Your father is as dead to you, to all the world, as though he lay in the vaults ef Ohes? holm church by your mother's sidel' ' My poor mother-my poor, mur dered, onavenged mother ! Inez Oathe. ron, you are a noble women, a brave woman. Was it well to aid your brother to escape ? Was it well, for the make of saving the Catheron honour and the Catheron name, to let a most cruel and cowardly murder go uns avenged - What was it that looked up at him out of her eyes ? Infinite pity,infinite sorrow, infinite pain. I 'Miy brother,' she said softly, as if to herself, Poor Juan ! he was the scapegoat of the family always. Yes, Sir Victor, it was a cruel and cowardly murder, and yet I believe in my soul we did right to screen the murderer from the world. It is in the hands of the Almighty-let it rest.' There was a pause then. 'I shall return with you to London, and see my father,' he said, as one who claims a right. 'No,' she answered, firmly, ' it is impossible. Stay ! hear me out. It is your fathers own wish.' ' My father's wish I Bat--' ' Be cannot express a wish, you would say. Of late years, Victor, at wide intervalshis reason has returned I for a brief space-all the worse for him.' ' The worse for him ' The young man looked at her blankly. 'Good heavens, Miss Catheron; do you mean to ray it is better for him to be mad '' ' Much better, such madness as his, Hie does not think-he does not suffer. Memory to him is torture. He loved your mother, Victor, and he lost her terribly lost her. With -memory re. turns the anguish and despair of that loss, as though it was but yesterday. If you saw him as I see him you would pray to heaven as I do that his mind might be blotted out for ever.' 'Good heavens, that is terrible !' 'Life if 'full of terrible things tragedies-secrets; this is one of them. In these rare instances of. sanity he speaks of you. It is he who directed in case of your marriage, that you should be told this much-that you are not to be brought to see him uno til. --' She paused. ' Until---.' . ' Until he lies upon lhis' deathbed. That day will be soon,' Victor-soon, soon. Those brief glimpses of reason and memory have shortened life. What he suffers in th~des intervals no words of mine can tell. On his depth bed you are to see him, not before; and then you shall be told the story of your mother's death.' No,Victor, spare me now. All I can tell you 1 have now. told.; f('return home by the noon day train, and before I go I should like to see this girl whois to be your wife. See, I will remain by this win.. dow, screened by the curtain. Can you not fetch her by some pretence or other beneath it that I .may look and judge for myself 1' ' I can try,' he said, turning to go. , I have your consent to tell her my father is alive l-I will tell ner no more-it is not necessary she should know you are' his keeper.' ' That much you may tell her- it is her wright. When I have seen her come to me and say good-bye.' ' I shall not say good bye until I say it at Cheater station. Of course I will see youoff. Wait here.. If Eit-is . able to come out you shall see her. She d kept her room this morning with head- y ache.' He left her, half dozed with what i he had heard. He went to the draw., ing room-the Stuarts and Captain Hammond were there, not Edith. ' Has Edith cowe down ' he asked. SI wished to speak to her for a mo ment,' ' Edith is prowling about in the rain somewhere, like an uneasy ghost,' answered Trixy. 'No doubt wet feet, discomfort and dampness generally are cares for headache. Or perhaps she is looking for you. He hardly waited to hear her out be. fore he started in pursuit. As if favored by fortune he caught a glimpse of Edith's purple dress among the trees in the distance. She had no umbrella, and was wandering about, pale and listless in the rain.' ' Edith,' Sir Victor exclaimed, ' out in all this downpour without an umn brella! You will get your death of cold. 'I never take cold, she answered. I indifferently. 'I always like to run out * in the rain ever since I was a child, I must be an amphibious sort of animal, i I think. Besides, the damp air helps my Sheadache.' * and led her slowly in the direction of the window where the watcher stood. 'Edith,' he began, abruptly, ' I have news for you. To call it bad news would sound inhuman, and yet it has half stunned me. It is this: my father is alive.' ' Sir Victor!' ' live, Edith-hopelessly insane, but alive. That is the news Lady Helena and one other have told me this morn ing. It has stunned me, I repeat. Is it any wondert All these years I have thought him dead, and to day I discover that from first to last I have been de ceived.' She stood mute with surprise. His father alive!-madness in the family! Truly it would have been difficult for Sir Victor or any one else to call this good news. They were directly beneath the window. He glanced up. Yes, a pale face gleamed from behind the curtains, gazing down upon that other pale face by Sir Victor's side-very pale, very set just new. 'Then if your father is alive, he is Sir Victor, not youlT These were the first words she spoke, ' BHe would never interfere with m3 claims-they assure me of that. Alive in reality, heis dead to the world. Edith, vould it make any difference? If I lost title and estate, should I also lose you? The beseeching love in his eyes might have moved her; but just at present she felt as though a stone lay in her bosom instead of a heart. CHAPTER XVIL. LADY HELENA'S BALL. -'I am not a sentimental sort of girl, Sir Victor,' Edith Darrel answered, steadily. '1 am too practical and worldly, perhaps, and I must own it would make adifference. I have told you I am not in love with you as yet-you have elected to take me and wait for that. I tell you as yet-you* have elected to take me and wait for that. I tell you now truthfully, if you were Inot Sir Victor I would not marry you. It is best I should not deceive you. You are a thousand times too good for such a mercenary creature as I am, and if you leave me it will be serving me right. I don't want to break my promise, to draw back ; but I. feel in a mood for plain speaking this morn ing. If you feel that you can't marry me on those terms, and Idon't deserve that you should,now it is time to speak. No one will be readier than I to 'own that it serves me right.' He looked and listened, pale to the lips. '`dith, in heaven's name, do you wish me to give you up?, 'No ; I wish nothing of the sort. I have promised to marry you, and I am ready to keep that promise but if you expect love or devotion from me, I tell you frankly I have not it to give. If you are still willing to take me, and'-smiling- ?I see you are, I am still ready to be your,wife; your true and faithful wife from the first your loving wife, I hope, in the end.' They said no more. He led her back to the house, then left her. He hastened to Miss Catheron more sombre even than when he had quitted her. 'Well,' he said, briefly,; you sas her t' 'I saw her. It is a beautiful face, a proud face, a truthful face, and yes ' Go on,' he said, impatiently; ' don't try to spare me." I am r growing sAc c-stomed to unpleasant truths.' 'I may be wrong, but something in her face tells me she does not love.you, and' , under her breath - never ,vill.' 'It will come n: time. With or without love she is willing to become my wife-that is happinese enough-for the present.' ' You told her all ?' '1 told her my father was alive and insane-no more. s It will. make no difference in our plans--none. We are to he married the first of Septem ber. The secret is safe with her.' The door opened, and Lady Helena came hastily in. 'If you wish to catch the twelve fifty train, Inez,' she said, 'you must go at once. It is a long drive from this to the station. The brougham is waiting. Shall I accompany you 'I will accmopany her,' said Sir Victor. 'You had better return to our guests, They will begin to think them selves neglected.' Miss Catheron. left the room.- In five minutes she reappeared closely veiled, as when, he had met her on the stairs. He gave her his arm, ..nA nt i. ,r ,wn bn te, ls.. broughiam. As they passed before the drawing-room windows Miss Stuart utterred an exclamation. ' Oh, I say wheie'a Sir Victor going in the rain, and who's the dismal looking lady in black I Edith, who is it , You ought to know.' 'I don't know,' Edith answered, not looking up from her book.. ' Hasn't Sir Victor told you? ' Ihav'n't asked Sir -Victor.' ' Oh, you hav'n't, and he has't" told you Well, all I have to say is, when r'm engaged, Ihope the object of my affections will keep no secrets from me.' 'As if he could!' murmurs Oaptain Hammond. ' I declare he is going off with her; Edith, do come and look. There, they areedriving away together as fastas they can go.' But Edith never stirred. If she felt the slightest curiosity on the subject her face did not show it. They drove rapidly through the rain, and barely caught the train at that. He placed her hurriedly in an empty car riage a moment before it started. As it Sflew by he caught one last glimpse of a veiled face and a hand waving in farewell. Then the train and the woman were out of sight. Like a man who walks in his sleep, I Sir Victor Oatheron turned, re-entered the brougham, and was driven home. Three days after-on Tuesday, the 5th of June-Lady Helena Powyss gave avery large dinner-party, followed by a ball, in honour of her American guests. When it is your good fortune to number half a county among your friends, relatives, and acquaintances, it is possible to be at once numerous and select. The creme de la creme of Cheshire assembled in' Lady Helena's halls of dazzling light to dohonour to Sir Victor Catheron's bride-elect. Forthe engagement had been formally announced, and was the choice bit of gossip with which the shire regaled itself, Sir Victor Catheron was fol. lowing in the footsteps of his father, and was about to bring to Catheron Royals one of the lower orders as its mistress. It was the Dobb blood, no doubt, cropping up-these sort of mesalliances will tell. An American, too-a governess-a poor relation of some common rich people from the States. The best county families with daughters to marry shook their heads. old' name anda 'aed - old family de generate in this way; but there always was a taint of madness in the Catheroan blood, that accounted for a good deal. Poor Sir Victor, andpoor Lady Helena. But everybody came, They mightbe , deeply shocked and sorry, but still Sir Victor Catheron was Sir Victor Catheron, the richest baronet in the county, and Catheron Royals always a pleasant house to visit-the reigning Lady Catheron always a desirable acquaintance on one's visiting list. Nobody acknowledged, of course, they went from pure downright curiosity to see this maneuvring American girl, who had taken Sir Victor captive under the aristocratic noses of the best born, best bred, best blooded young ladies in a circuit of swenty miles. The eventful night came-the, night of Edith's ordeal. Ever Trix was a little nervous-only a little. Is not perfect self-possession the normal state of American young ladydom I? Lady Helena was quite pale in her anxiety. The girl was handsome beyond dispute, thoroughbred as a young countess, despite her birth and bringing up in New England town and Yankee board ing house, with price enough for a princess of forty quarterings; but how would she come forth from the fiery furnace of all those pitiless eyes, sharpened to points to watch for gaucc'ries and solecisms of good breed, ing-from the merciless tongues that would hang, draw, and quarter her the Instant their owners. were out of the house I 'Don't you feel nervous, Dithy ' asked Trix, almost out of patience at last with Edith's serene calm. ' I do -horribiy. And Lady Helena has got a fit of the fidgets that will, bring her gray hairs to an early grave if this day lats t much "longer. -:Ain't°youn afraid-honour bright;' - Edith Darrell lifted her dark, die daneful eyes. She sat reading whilst the afternoon wore on, and Trixy. fussed and fluttered about the room. 'Afraid of the people who are coming hero to-night. is that what you mean Not a whit !" I know as well as you do they are coming to inspect and find fault with Sir Victor's choice -to pity him and call me an adven. turess. I know also that any one of those young ladies would have married him, and said, ' Thank you for asking,' if he'had seen fit to choose them. I have my own pride and Sir Victor's. good taste to uphold to.night, and I will uphold them. I think '-she lifted her haughty, dark head, and glanced with a conscious smile in the pier glass opposite-' I think I can bear com parison by lamplight with any of these ' daughters of a hundred earls,' such as Lady Gwendoline Drexel, for instance.' ' By lamplight,' Trix said, ignoring the rest of her speech ;' ah. yes, that's the worst of it,Edith-you dark people always light up well. And Lady Gwendoline Drexel, I wonder what Lady Gwendoline will wear to-night I I should like to be the best dressed young lady at the ball. Do you know, Edith (spitefully this), 'I think Charley is quite struck with Lady Gwendoline. You noticed, I suppose, the attention he paid her the evening we met, and then he has been to Drexel Court by invitation. Pa is most anxious I know-money will be no object you knew with Charley, and really it would be nice to have a titled sister-in law, 'My sister, Lady Gwen.. doline Stuart,' will sound very well in New York, won't it 1. It would be a u r aitnable match for Charley.' ' A most suitabe match,' is Darrell repeated, 'age included. She is ten years his senior it a day; but where true love exists, what does a trifle of years on either side signify? He has money-she has rank ; he has youth and good looks-she has high birth, and a handle to her name. 'As you say, Trixy, a suitable match' . And then Miss Darrell went back to her book; but the slender black brows were meeting in a steady frown that quite spoiled her beauty-no doubt at something displeasing in the pages. pa But you musn't sit hero all day broke in Trix again. 'It's high time you were up in your dressing-room.' What are you going to wear, Dith 1' 'I have not decided yet. I don't much care- it doesn't much matter. I have decided to look my best in any thing,' She rose and sauntered out of the room, anid was seen no more until the waxlights blazed from end to end of the great mansion, and the June dusk had deepened into dewy night. Then, as the roll of carriages came without ceasing along the drive, she descended, arrayed for battle, to find her impatient slave and adorer awaiting her at the foot of the grand staircase. She smiled upon him her brightest, most beaming smile, I a smile that intoxicated him at sight, ' Will I do, Sir Victori' she asked. Would she do f He looked at her as a man may look half dazzled at the sun, He could not have told you what she wore- pink and clouds, it seemed to him. He only knew two brown,lhminous, laughing eyes were looking straightinto his, and turning his brain with their spell. 'You are sure I will dot You are sure you will not be ashamed of me tonightT' her laughing voice asks again. Ashamed of her-ashamed 1 He laughed aloud at her stupandous joke, as he drew her arm within his and led her into the thronged rooms, as some favoured subject may once in his life lead in a queen. Perhaps there was excuse for him. ' I shall look my best in anything,' she had said in her dis dain, and she had kept her word. She wore a dress that seemed alternately composed of white tulle and blush roses; she had roses in her rich dark hair, hair always beautifully worn. Sir Victor's diamond betrothal ring shone on her finger; round her arching throat 060 __ s omo:.ae.. a..e., r.. aiýýc . . a locket set with. brilliants attached. The locket had been Lady EHelena's gift, and held Sir Victor's portrait. That was her ball array, and she locked as though she were floating in her fleecy white draperies, her perfume, roses, and sparkling diamonds. The dark eyes outshone the diamonds, a soft flush warmed either cheek. Yes, she was beautiful-so beautiful that saner men than her accepted lover might have been pardoned if for a moment they lost their heads. Lady Helena Powyss, in sweeping moire: jewels, receiving her guests looked at her, and drewone long breath of great relief. She might have spared herself all her anxious doubts and fears-low born and penniless as she was, Sir Victor Cathoron's oride that was ,.to be would do Sir Victor Catheron honour to..night. Tri was. there-Trix, resplendent in.pearl silk. half the length of the room, pearl silk, point lace, white camellias, asd Neapolitan corals and cameos, encrusted with diamonds. Trix, in all the. bravery six' thousand dollars could buy, drew a long breath of great and' bitter envy,. 'If. one wore: the Koh-i-Noor and coronationi robes,' thought Miss Stuart, sadly, '.she'would shine one down. She is. dazzling to'night.. Captain Hainm mond,'tapping that young warrior with her point lace fan, 'don't you think Edith is without -.exception the most beautiful and elegant girl in the room.' \- And the gallant captain bows pro foundly, and answers with a look that points the speech. 'WVith one exception, Miss 'Beatrix, only one,' Charley is there, and p`erhaps: there 'can be no' doubthatbtit thiat Cbhanry ,iswitbneixceptiridn;farr n Owd vAisthie best looking :man: ;xCha·rle' &eaes- ati; his cousin for anainstant, on thia'" arm of her proud and happy lover, raliant and smiling; the centre of all that is best in the room. She lifts her:dark,'laughing eyes as it chances, and brown and gray met ful!.' "-Then he turns away to a tall, languid, rather passe lady, who is talking slowly by his sidewho murmurs in his ear-: 'How extremely handsome she is: and how perfectly infatuated Sir Victor seems. Poor Sir Victor! what a pity there. is insanity in. the family-in.. sanity is such a very shocking thing. -How'pretty Miss Stuart is looking this evening. She has heard-is it true I -can Mr Stuart inform her-are all American girls handsome 4' And Charleyi, as Captain iTammonrl has done, bows, and looks and replisca 'I used to thinke s,Lady Gwendoline. I have seen English girls since, and think differently.' Oh, the imbecile falsehoods of so ciety i Ks is thinking as he says it how pallid and faded poor Lady Gwen!. doline is looking,, in her dingy green satin and white Brussels lace overdress, her emneralds and bright golden hair most- beautiful and most expensive. shade to be obtained in London. He is thinking :how the blanc de perleand rouge vegetel is showing on her three, aindathirty year old face, and what his life would: be' like if he listened to his father and married, He shudders inwardly and gives it up. 'That way madness lies;' and'while there is a pistol left wherewith to blow his brains ouit he can still hope to escape a worse fate. But Lady Gwendoline, freiglited with eleven seasons' experience, and growing seedy and desperate,. clings to him as the drowning cling to straws. She is the daughter of a peer; but itle-are~- younger.,: asters, -? .ll plain and all poartionless." H?cr"-eldest sister, who chaperones her toonight, is the wife of a rich and retired manufac' turer, Lady Portia Hampton. The rich and retired manufacturer has purchased Drexel Court, and it is Lady Portia's painful duty to try and marry her sister ofl. The ball is a great success for Miass Darrell. The men rave about: her; the women may sneer, but they must do it covertly; her beauty' and her grace, her elegance :and : her - higii breeding, not the most envious dare dispute. (To be continued) A young fellow named White in Neow Zealand, whilst beingchaised iy'cbnstab'es on a charge of horsestealin, turned ro iihd on the ' coppers' and threatened to lodge a ' leaden pill in both their carecs'e but' a bullet in his own wrist from 0o0 of the Straps' stopped further parleying.:y Fred. Trotter and Jas. Dunstone:' on Saturday gave a Melbournie cabman ai - aold watch for the use of his cabi; with the result that they are under loe'k ahnd key for a large robbcry There are a great many cases'ofbhouse bresaing in the Metropolis at thel present ti Mr Harry Taylor, comlbdi :imis died fro.. consumnption; Another good mx-an gonative of ? D'rvill. I in . d .i Kuarenopell, dieaIdastld wek,' ?e years. 