'THE IIEIR OF VERING. Lady Mary had rebelled-and had been in consequence very nearly imprisoned at Boxley; she had wept tears, remonstrated, implored, all to no purpose-the noble mamma bad chosen a proper husband for her daughter, and, until the daughter had promised to resign her own choice, she must be:treated as a refractory, disobedient, and wilful child; in othar words, must be shut up for the autumn in the old and stately and somewhat dreary :Manor Hall, and kept Gunder close surveillance. But love laughs at locksmiths, and mercenary mammas, and the naughty girl had managed to slip a tiny letter into the village post-office, informing herdespairing lover of the exact position of affairs, and imploring him not to forget her. Forget her I as if a night passed without the miser able lad's lamentations to the stars ; for indeed Charlie did love her with all his heart, and was as miserable as she conld have desired. He lost no time, after the receipt of her letter, and of course made for the place of her imprisonment; and there in Boxley village, at the little inn, and round about the Hall itself, he had lurked and hovered, often being mistaken for a footpad, and once nearly shot for a poacher. At last the tender-hearted maid servant, who had had love passages herself, smuggled a note to him from his beloved, telling him that on a certain Wednesday night, papa and mamma, the Earl and Countess, were bound to attend a county dinner; that there was a certaiu small library situated on the east side of the house, and that perhaps a certain young lady might appear at a window in the said library, at the hour of eight; and this ex plained Charlie's tramp, tramp along the cold and cheerless lane. . Never did a road or half-hour seem so long I At last he reached one of the lodges, slipped through the gate, and taking care to keep under the trees, gained the house and window. As he did so, the stable-clock struck eight, but he had to wait a full quarter of an hour-ten hours it seemed to him-before a slight clicking at the old-fashioned lattice window frame raised him from the depths of despair to the airy heights of hope. -Very !slowly and cautiously the window opened, and a voice-it was pitch dark was heard in tremulous tones to speak his name ' Charlie I are you there ? ' With a flush of love and warmth, Charlie pushed through a rose-bush which retaliated in the way of scratches and drew himself up to the window-ledge so suddenly that a pale, pretty face, indis tinctly seen in the gloom, drew back with alarm. ' All right, Pollie darling I Don't be afraid I Here I am ?' 'Oh, how could you come I' exclaimed Lady Mary, woman-like forgetting that she had awaited him. 'Here I am. Where are you !' cried impetuous Charlie. ' Is this your hand ? Can't I come in ?' ' No, oh, no I ' replied Lady Mary, promptly. 'Indeed you must not I Oh, how cold your hand is I Poor Charlie. Mind you don't fall I' for he held on with one hand and his feet, while he clung to her one little trembling hand on the sill. ' How cold you must be I Oh, dear I oh, dear l' 'Never mind me, darling !' murmured Charlie, ' I'm all right. Tell me about yourself. Have they gone? How long have they gone for ? Are you sure I can't come in ? Well, I may sit upon the window-sill, I suppose?' and, without waiting for permission, hlie drew himself up. 'There I Now let me see you, or feel you, darling I Oh, Pollie, what a time it is since I saw you last. What brutes they must be-no, of course I don't mean that. But to shut you up like this, as if I were some monster.' 'Perhaps you are,' murmured Lady Mary, shaking the monster's hand, and leaning her fair head against his broad bosom. 'Isn't it a time. I thought I should never see you again; and, oh, Charlie, perhaps I never shall! You don't know what papa is, and mamma too. So pun--' 'So obstinate,' corrected Charlie-' and papa says he will keep me here all through the next season if I do not say that I will--'. 'Go on.' 'You know I Well, accept Lord St. Clair.' 'I'll break that young cub's neck I' growled Charlie. 'But they shan't do that, Pollie ; not if I can help it, and I think I can, rather I And I'll be bound you are quite pale-there mustn't be a light, I suppose?' ' Oh, no! they would see it from the stables and wonder what it was; no one uses this room, there .are. ghosts in it l' and she clung a little closer. SI'm glad of it,' said 'Charlie, grimly; ' I wish there were always ghosts when we are together.' 'Now, I'll go away 1' she pouted. At which of course, he pressed her closer and held her tightly. ' And now you must tell me all you've been doing, sir,' she said with a pretty air of command. 'Let's talk about you,' said. Charlie. ' I've been doing nothing but roaming about and wishing myself dead I Pollie, I'd no idea I cared so much for you I I'll be bound you don't think one half so much of me I If you ever cared for me, you've never said so !' ' Oh, no, Mr. Merivale I Well, I can marry Loid St. Clair I You great stupid boy I You will make tmy hand so red, mamma will see it, her. eyes are like hawks.' 'She can't see that I' said Charlie, draw ing her down to him and kissing her. Lady Mary grew red and drew back. 'Now, I really will go-if you do it again I' she murmured, severely. 'Well-I won't, not for the next five minutes,' said the incorrigible Charlie. ' What a dear little hand it is I and what's that-a flower? give it to me, Pollie II love everything you have touched. To morrow night I shall have to come, if it is only to kiss this old window-sill ; now, you wouldn't do so much for me.' 'Indeed I wouldn't !' exclaimed Lady Mary blushing-in the dark-as she pulled a penknife of his from her pocket, and pressed it to her lips; 'nor anything half so foolish. But Charlie, tell me all there is to tell I I am dying to hear about them all I I've heard nothing since that day at Vering Wold-at least only scraps. They won't let me have any letters, not even Kyra's, for mamma says that if it had not been for her, you-I--' 'Should never have seen and loved each other,' finished Charlie. 'That's doing Kyra an injustice-or paying her a compliment-for Fate would have brought us together,' and Charlie nodded with the air of a philosopher. 'But you'll get cold, darling.' 'No, no, but you are, Charlie. You wicked boy, your hair is quite wet,' rub bing her face, which really had no occasion to be wet. ' What shall I do ? Charlie, I knew you would be, and-and -' she moved away and brought some thing out of the darkness. "You must drink this -I stole it from the decanter at dinner-time. I knew it would be wet and cold, and I thought perhaps that you'd come.' ' I can't see it-wine I What a girl you are I What a thoughtful wife I shall have -perhaps you won't care then-yes you will-for I'll make you love me all your life, Pollie, my darling I1' 'You've spilt the wine, you stupid boy -can't you see it ?-there, there !'-and with a little flush she held the glass to his lips. Charlie sipped the wine, so that the cup-bearing might be repeated ad-infrai turn, and then kissed the hand that held it. ' And now,' said Lady Mary, 'tell me all about Lord Vering and Kyra, dear darling Kyra. How is she?-Where is she ?-There, are you warmer ?' 'Warm and happy as a king,' said Charlie, drawing her to his heart where she nestled like a tired bird. 'Oh, I don't know where to begin everything is at such sixes and sevens. You know the Wold is shut up? No? Yes, it is, and Percy is lup in town. Poor fellow, I pity him; and yet some don't like to do so to his face, for Perce is not the fellow to stand much of that kind of thing.' ' Then it is all true, and Kyra is really the daughter and the heiress of old Lord Vering.' ' Yes,' said Charlie, ' proved beyond a doubt to the satisfaction of even the lawyers. Not that Percy ever doubted or contested it. He gave up at the instant -the very day. Didn't we all hear him ? Yes, as cool as a cucumber, just like him. And he was just as cool after you had all gone, and Butterwick and the lawyers from London were going at it hammer and tongs. Butterwick, you know, wanted to keep things as they were for Percy, or make the best of it, as he called it. But Percy got quite wild and stern, and insis ted upon everything being made over to Kyra at once ! In fact be worked night and day to remove any little obstacle that might be in the way of her getting the Vering money.' ' Just like Lord Vering I Yes, and he might have made no end of trouble, you see, Pollie; the lawyers would have taken years to prove that Kyra really was Kyra, and then a few more years to prove that she was Lord Vering's daughter. But Percy sealed it with a stroke of his pen. Poor old Perce.' ' Why do you pity him so ?' said Lady Mary. ' Lord Percy is not the sort of man to care for money, dear.' ' Not he I It is not the loss of the money he cares about; no man thinks less of money than does Percy; but you see, he had spent a tremendous lump of the old earl's money in buying the Wolding land, thinking, of course, that he was doing what he liked with his own, and, of course, it was Kyra's, all the while.' 'And, of course,' said Lady Mary, ' Kyra would never think of taking it from him in any case, or thinking a word about it I I know ever wish of hers, dear, too well !' ' Kyra I not she I But Percy will never rest until he has paid the money back all the same, and all the more for that. And another thing, that cur Hudspiel has spread it about that Percy had a hand in the suppression of the will-and there are fools and knaves enough to believe it I' 'The idiots I' assented Lady Mary, indignantly. 'And Stephen- does he not contradict it?' 'Poor old Stephen !' said Charlie yes, he did all he could; he made a clean breast of it, It was all done for love of Percy. The poor old fellow was united to the old place and the old name, and couldn't bear that the money should go to rack and ruin, as he thought. Of course he didn't know that a child of Lord John's was alive, and he thought it would all go to the lawyers, and he could not bear it; so he says, ' to think of Percy a great earl, short of money-as he would have been and is'-and so he hid the will.' ' It is a wonder hie did not destroy it,' said Lady Mary. 'Yes, but I believe people who do that sort of thing seldom destroy the docu ments. He would never have showed up, but that he saw Percy cared so much about losing Kyra. Poor old fellow-' ' Why do you pity him so very much ? I'm sure he has done a great. deal of harm,' pouted Lady Mary. ' Don't you know?' said Charlie, quietly-' he's dead I' ' Dead ?' 'Yes, and died in Percy's arms. Percy never left him night or day while he was dying; the old man spoke to no one else, looked at no one else, but Percy. He died a week ago. Just before he died I called in to see him, and it was a fine thing to see old Percy, as tender and gentle as a woman, holding the hand of the-old man. Poor old fellow I He did all he could to repair the damage-made a clean breast of it, and told Kyra every. thing he could remember about her people -her father and mother, you know.' 'She saw him, then ?' ' Yes,' nodded Charlie, ' I saw her there for five minutes. She went back the same day.' 'Back to .where ?' 'Didn't I tell you ? She is at the Grange -Lord John's-her place now-in Bucks. Oh, yes, Percy took it all in hand. She wanted to go back to school, to America -anywhere-and give it all back to him, but he would have his own way. He is guardian, you know, and of course he knows best.' 'Of course-he is one of your lords of creation.' 'Well, old Perce is generally right, any way, Miss Impudence. There, I won't do it again I I wish you liked being kissed as much as Ilike kissing you-Ifdo indeed. He said that she would be a lady of some importance in *the world, directly, and that she ought to take possession of her own, and get used to it; to see her people -the Grange is as big as the Wold, you know, and she owns quite a big villagel -won't she be a catch for some fine fellow. Hem, I don't know why I shouldn't ahem !' ' Nor I I ' retorted Lady Mary; 'only that she is a thousand times better than I am, and therefore a million times too good for you, you wicked, impudent boy I Go on 1' 'Well, so Perce had the Grange fitted up, sent a lot of things-anything she par ticularly liked or had happened to admire at the Wold, and made it comfortable for her.' ' But alone ?' 'No, no, of course not-Lady and Lilian Devigne.' Lady Mary breathed a little sigh of dis satisfaction. ' What's the matter now ?' said Charlie -' doesn't that please your highness 1' 'Always those Devignes,' said Lady Mary, doubtfully. 'Do you know-tell me, Charlie-do you like-do you feel as if you could quite trust-you know what I mean-quite believe in Lilian Devigne ?' Charlie pondered in silence. 'I wonder why men are so dull and stupid ?' sighed Lady Mary, plaintively. 'That they may fall a prey to you clever ones,' said Master Charlie, promptly. ' Ah I and perhaps some of you will fall a prey to Lilian Devigne,' retorted Lady Mary, as promptly. ' But go on-I'll talk directly.' 'Well, Lady Devigne and Lilian are down there with her, and she is to make her debut next season.' 'Under Lady Devigne's wing, of course?' put in Lady Mary, sarcastically. 'Yes, just so-what's the matter with that ?' 'Oh, nothing. And Kyra, is she happy?' ' I don't know, but I don't think so. I was down there a few days ago, and I went with them to Lord Barefield's. Quite a crowd round Kyra all the evening; she took the palm off, although she was as cold and un-get-at-able as an iceberg. It's a great change, of course; and she is wonderfully changed - quite a woman now, and more beautiful than ever.' ' I wonder whether Lord St. Clare will call to-morrow?' softly murmured Lady Mary. Charlie laughed, and patted her head. * You are a deal too sure of me for my peace of mind,' he said. ' I wish I could make you jealous in earnest.' S' Don't try,' retorted Lady Mary, threat eningly. 'As if anyone could be jealous of s'uh a great, silly, bear of a boy,' she added, whispering under the lappels of his thick great coat. 'And my dear Kyra, you think, is unhappy ?' ' I'm sure of it,' said Charlie, em phatically. ' I watched her at Barefield's, and I noticed the rum look on her face such a wasting, wistful, what-do-you-call-it expression ? as if she was quite tired and bored to death.' Lady Mary was silent a moment, then she asked : *Was Lord Percy there?' 'No,' said Charlie; ' Percy has not seen her since she took possession of the Grange, and he goes nowhere. He lets me share the same chambers with him the old ones, you know-and of course I see how he is going on, only too well.' 'What do you mean ?' asked Lady Mary, with a little' puzzled flush. ' Oh I' said Charlie, quickly. ' I mean what a beastly dull way he is getting into; poring over papers and books, and smoking in a dreary determined sort of way.' 'Poor fellow,' said Lady Mary, ' I do pity him so ! I know what he feels about those stupid lands, and the wretched money, as if Kyra cared about it.' 'Just what I ventured to hint,' said Charlie. 'I know that Kyra hates the way things have gone, and I believe, between you and me, Pollie, that she'd give the world to have things as they were. The last day or two he has been going over his maps and plans, and I am half afraid that .he'll start off for some out landish place-out for the North, or Africa, or anywhere where there's plenty of danger, and the chances are against his coming back,' and Charlie's honest voice grew low. 'You are very fond of him,' said Lady Mary. 'He has been more than a brother to me, Pollie,' he said, warmly. 'Even now he thinks more of me and my plans than he does of himself.' ' He knows-' said Lady Mary blushing 'Yes ; but strange to say he has never mentioned your name. No, not once, now I think of it. Rum, rather, but like him. But he has been awfully generous to me-awfully,' and Charlie's voice grew lower still-' to us, as I should say, my own. It was of no use my protesting, he would have his way. He said-dear old fellow-that it was the only pleasure he had left to see me happy I There, I don't like to talk about it, even to you, my darling. Perce's goodness is beyond words.' There was a moment's pause. ' And he has not seen Kyra ?' said Lady Mary, thoughtfully, as she toyed with the fingers of the hand that was round her waist. 'No, he does not go, but he sends every day; and he has asked me to go several times; indeed, he seems rather surprised and annoyed that I don't go oftener.' Lady Mary looked out into the night with a dreamy speculation. ' He wants you to go, and he does not go himself; and Kyra is very unhappy, and does he mean to leave England with out seeing her ?' 'No. He said the other morning at breakfast that he should go down on some business and, I understood him, to say good-bye.' 'Poor Kyra,' whispered Lady Mary Irith so strange and curious an accent that Charlie held her face back to look at her. ' Kyra's not the only one to be pitied,' he said, after kissing the sweet face, and restoring it to its former position-against his heart. 'What's to become of me? You don't think I'm going to lead this beastly life? I'd rather be de- -' A white, soft hand closed his lips. * I would, indeed. Why should we all be unhappy ?' 'One must obey their mother and father,' murmured Lady Mary, plaintively. *Oh, indeed,' said Charlie, with righte ous irony. *I am glad you've .adopted the highly moral tone; but please to remember that fathers andmothers, though very useful members of society, are not the only portion of the human family worthy of consideration. What's it say about your duty to your husband, my lady ?' ' Oh !' blushed my lady. ' But I haven't one.' *You soon can have one-you soon will have one - if you mean to have me,' said Charlie, sternly. ' Look here : I love you with all my heart. I shall never love anybody else, and I think you love me. Now I'll marry you next Thursday morning. Don't go away I You can't run while I hold you like this. Next Thursday morning,' he repeated, em phatically, ' or I'll start for America or Africa with poor old Perce !' The little heart so near his own beat fearfully and yet deliciously. She began to whimper ' How can you say anything so cruel ? Next Thursday ! I wish I hadn't loved anyone so bold and-and audacious I Next Thursday ! Oh, I can't, I can't.' 'Say Wednesday, then,' said Charlie, with magnanimous concession. *I don't like Friday, it's unlucky.' 'Oh, don't, don't ! What shall I do? What shall I say to mamma ?' 'Do as I tell you; then you can talk goody goody about duty to your hus band, about leaving father and mother and cleaving to him. Oh, I know, you see. Come, decide, Pollie; I've ar ranged it all. Thursday the earl goes to London, and the countess does not get up before twelve. A special license is here in my coat pocket; it is, indeed I' 'How dreadful ! Oh, what shall I do ?' Here it is; feel it ; it won't bite you. I'11 have the carriage at the end of the lane, and you can be at this window at half-past ten. I'll lift you out and smuggle you through the plantation. I know every inch of the ground as well as the Prussians did the French provinces. Thursday you'll be my own dear, darling little wife. Come, Pollie, you used to have plenty of courage in the orchard.' ' Yes,'-sobbed Lady Mary, ' There was a stonewall between us then. I-I wish there was now.' 'There'll be the sea between us, or nothing at all, next Friday,' said Charlie. Then he dropped his tone of determina tion and command and began to pleas, whispering in a low, musical, wistful voice that could-as Lady Mary half dolefully declared-coax the mane from a lion. And at last she hid her face upon his breast, and clung to him with a convulsive little shudder. ' You'll say yes, my darling I' ' Ye-s ; I can't help it 1' CHAPTER XXXIII. YES, Kyra had changed, and in a manner and to a degree almost mysterious and perplexing. That she was not happy the most care less of observers might have seen, though, perhaps, it would require a keen insight into the workings of the human heart to read the various emotions and motives which formed the spring of the delicate mechanism of the sensitive and high minded girl. Lilian Devigne herself, whose daily task, whose life object it was to watch for a stray chance of misdirecting the destinies of the girl under her charge, and wresting from her her one chance of happiness, could not but confess that her unsophisti cated victim was still a puzzle and enigma. The woman-who was playing for as great a prize as the possession of the man she loved, loved now for himself, with a passion as fierce as it was unscrupulous had, after the first shock expected rather great things from the freak of fortune which had placed Kyra in the possession of great wealth; if Kyra were sought after for her beauty before this, her's would make her doubly attractive. She was a match which any nobleman in the kingdom would welcome for his son. The gulf which had always, in some mysterious way, seemed to separate her from Percy, had widened; for Lilian Devigne knew Percy too well not to be aware that he would shrink from marrying the girl who had deprived him of a fortune. She knew, and she counted upon the sensitive nature which would shrink from giving the world an opportunity of shrugging its shoulders, and sneering at his motives. 'No,' she thought, 'there is still a chance, and I will fight to the last. If only that curse of our existence'-meaning the miserable count - 'it Providence would but take him from the scene ' But Providence does not remove our enemies according to our desires; if it did, how quickly the question of population would be settled. Since that eventful afternoon at Vering Wold, the count had not put in an appear ance. If he could only be prevailed upon, bribed, that is, to take himself to some foreign paradise, some cheap Baden Baden, or Homburg, how much more chance there would be. But like a brave woman, she hid her fears under a calm, serene exterior, and played a. waiting game. Kyra, her unconiscious rival, was under her eyes; the Grange was a charm ing place to live in, and Percy would come, must come eventually. So the days went on, but Kyra grew more mysterious and difficult to solve, and Percy did not come. Unlikeherfriend andschool fellow, however, Kyra was no prisoner. The county very quickly arrived at a sensible estimate ot the prize in its midst, and invitations came in shoals; and Kyra, rather unexpectedly, declared in favour of accepting a great many. She seemed to have arrived at some idea of duty pertain ing to her new station, and to have decided to fulfil it. For the same reason her dress was now more elaborate and costly; a large casket of jewels, which had; been among the good gifts bequeathedby wild Lord John to his unknown daughter, had been handed to her, and although she had worn the family diamonds, she had added additional lustre to the pile of rubies. Just a month had passed. The story of her romantic past, and still more romantic presenice had dozed through the press, and was the choice subject of conversation in smoking-rooms and boudoirs. She was a great prize for the fortune-hunters, and already bets had been made on various popular Adonises of the day, though one wager had as little foundation of success as the other, for the Bond Street dandies and club loungers who were whiling away the autumn in the great hunting mansions of Bucks and Berks soon discovered that her smiles-when she did smile, which was rarely-were fearfully impartial, and that, like the sun, they shone on the just and unjust alike. ' She's as beautiful as a statue, and has just about as much heart,' declared one of her admirers, despairingly, and the rest of the world was tempted to echo the sub lime piece of ignorance. Even Lilian Devigne did not dream of the struggle, the battle, the wrestling which was going on in the soul of the young girl who sat and worked so demurely, and with such an absent, dreamy air, and at times she was tempted to venture a home thrust, in the shape of a question, but there was something about this new Kyra, a subtle. sort of dignity and royal self-pos session and reserve, that half-awed and wholly baulked the once daring and un scrupulous schemer. One. night, however, something of the veil which had so lately covered the secret inner lite of the young peeress, was drawn aside. They had been dining at the ancestral home of a great statesman, whose -park adjoined Kyra's Grange Estate, and they were returning in the carriage in half wearied silence. The dinner had been a comparatively early one, and the night was still young, though very miserable; just such a night as that which a week previously had witnessed Charlie's escapade at Boxley. Lady Devigne was asleep, with her small nervous lace twisted into a look of apprehension, which had settled on it, sleeping or wak ing, of late. Lilian thought that Kyra, too, was asleep, for the dark head was lying back, and the lovely face was serene with half- parted lips and closed eyes; but suddenly her own curious, restless gaze was met by Kyra's clear and thoughtful one. A little startled, Lilian Devigne bent forward and touched her with her fan playfully 'I thought you were asleep, but you were only thinking-on the sly-a penny for your thoughts.' ' You shall have them for nothing,' said Kyra, bending forward slightly, and fixing Sher with her dark, dreamy eyes: 'I was thinking of you I-If I were but a man, how happy that sentence would make me -of you and Lord Percy.' A slight flush rose under her gaze. ' What of us, dear ?' ' Why does he not come to the Grange?' asked Kyra, as if the question were but a prelude to something further. Lilian shrugged her white shoulders, and drew her China shawl round her. ' Am I Lord Percy's keeper, my child?' Kyra smiled slightly, but did not remove her gaze, which had deepened into one of scrutiny. 'Are you not ?' she said. 'I thought -Lilian, will yotitell me? Were you not, once?' SThere was a pause-a beat of silence profound and tragic. Lilian Devigne raised her eyes; her face was pale and, for once, truthful. What if she said yes ? ' Why do you ask such a question now, so suddenly ?' ' Is it sudden to you ? It is not to me. I have been thinking of you and him since -my great fortune'-and here a little curl of the sensitive upper lip-' I have little else to think of, you see. It has grown. upon me the last day or two strangely, that you and he had once been more than friends, before-before he came and took my life in his keeping. To-night I am sure of it; but will you tell me?' Lilian looked at her, and then out of the window. 'Percy Chester and I were once more than friends,' she said, in a low voice; then, turning her eyes to watch the effect, 'we were to have been married.' A little shudder ran through Kyra's frame, but she smiled faintly. ' I thought so,' she said, in a low voice. ' Why did you not tell me-why is it so great a secret-what came between you ?' 'My falseness,' said Lilian Devigne, with a genuine pang of selfish remorse and reproach-'I lost him by my own fault and treason.' ' Lost !' said Kyra, dreamily. ' You are very beautiful-yes, very. And you love him still? Oh, yes,' she added, for over Lilian Devigne's face had rushed a crimson flush of passionate longing and desire. 'Why do you say this?' she said, al most fiercely. 'You I' ' I know,' said Kyra, wearily; ' I know what you would say; but you are wrong, It is not I who have stood between you and happiness; not I ! Why should you not trust me? You see, I have found out your secret without help; perhaps I, who I have divined what is passed, can read something of the future-we Indians are sometimes gifted with the power of 1 prophecy. I think Percy's wife will be fair, with blue eyes, and with soft, golden hair-like yours.' Lilian was too startled to utter a word. Candour is a phenomenon as bewildering to the schemer as any supernatural ap pearance could be. With her eyes cast down, she leant back; and Kyra, after regarding the pale face for a moment, closed her eyes again. A few moments afterwards the lodge gates swung open, and the spirited horses dashed up the drive. Lady Devigne woke with a start, and the three passed into the ball, attended I by three or four servants in the Vering livery. Kyra paused, with her hand upon the balustrade, and said ' I am tired and will go to my room, I think, Lady Devigne; then she turned, kissed Lilian Devigne with a grave sweet smile, and passed on. Her maid met her at the door of the room, which had been prepared for her boudoir, but Kyra, with her usual gentle ness, told her that she might go to bed, and then entered the room and closed the door. The room was small, but had been tastefully and luxuriously furnished, for a great part with articles from the Wold which Kyrahad chanced to admire. Con spicuous in one corner there hung some Indian furs and curiosities, amongst them the fur which Kyra had worn, and a small Indian dagger which she had carried hidden in her belt. Two or three wax candles threw a soft light round the room, and a mirror set in Venetian glass, reflected dimly the beauti ful face and lithe form of Lord Vering's daughter. With a weary sigh Kyra threw open the casement and looked out. Out side the wind was swaying the trees and driving the clouds across the moon; a slow, heavy rain was failing ; the night was weeping for the summer that had fled and left it unprotected from the rude; rough advances of the savage winter. The whole scene-scudding clouds, weep ing trees, and dreamy darkness, was in harmony with the younig girl's soul. She looked and looked until her dark eyes were glistening with tears; then she turned from the window, and throwing off her cloak and hood sat with her head resting on her hand; her eyes fixed on the long, sweeping cloak of fur that looked in the dim light as if it covered some Indian warrior looking down on her. 'Yes,' she murmured. 'I came and robbed him of his wealth, but I can restore him his happiness. She is very beautiful; she is fitted to be his wife. She is not a wild, half-taught Indian girl; she loved him-she loves him still, and he will love her again. They will be a handsome, noble pair; it is all as it should be, and I- !' She sprang to her feet, white and trembling. 'It Oh, Great Spirit, why did he take me from the hunting-grounds and the lodges of my people ? Why did he shield me from the wind and the snow, and the rain and the cold, criuel death ? This is worse than death-this that tears and gnaws at my heart--this dreadful, cruel longing to see, to hear, to touch him l Oh, my brave, my chief, my warrior lord, I shall die and you will never know how I loved you. You will be happy with the fair English woman, and never know that the little Indian girl, who slept upon your bosom, gave you her heart and her love I Yes !' she cried with a long breath, '1 will not live ! I cannot live to see him happy with her; to know that his lips-that once touched my hair-are pressed to hers I Great Spirit, take thy child I' and with a low cry of anguish she glided to the end of the room and caught up the Indian dagger. As she did so her hand swept aside the fur cloak; with a passionate cry she caught it up and presesd it to her lips. The action, so swift and despairful, disloged the cloak from its nail. With a cry, she took it from the ground and drew it round her. ' I shall sleep in you once more I' she said pressing her face upon the fur-' once more.' Then gliding with the old savage grace, she went to a writing-desk, and, unlocking it, drew out a small bundle of papers. As she did so there was a low, yet firm knock at the door; the lid of the escritoire fell with a slight csash, and she stood panting and almost defiant, clutching the papers in one hand and the tiny dagger in the other under the cloak. The knock was repeated, and then a voice spoke her name. A thrill ran through her, and she put her hand to her bosom to still her beating heart. It was a voice that never spoke within her hearing without awakening an echo in her heart. In a voice that startled herself she bade him come in, and almost before she had spoken Percy opened the door and entered. The moment that had intervened had given her time to conceal the papers and gain the couch. Percy, coming out of the strongly-lighted corridor, stood for a moment to get accustomed to the dim light; then-as he saw her in her evening dress of some soft, subtle shade, and with costly gems glittering amongst the lace, all backed up by the dark fur half-falling from her gleaming shoulders- his pale, stern face relaxed into an involuntary expression of amazed admiration; but it was not until she rose and spoke, not until she breathed his name, that he recognized the grace and subtle change that had come over her. SKyra,' he said-his low, rich voice full and sweet with the gentleness which always marked his manner with women-' Were you asleep? I have disturbed you-per haps alarmed you !' ' No,' she said-her voice is low as his but marvellously clear-' no; have you just come?' ' Yes,' he said, releasing her hand and droping into the' chair near the lounge. 'I have just arrived half by train and half by saddle. It is very late, and I was un expected. I hope I.am not unwelcome,' be added, with a- smile. ' Why did you not come before ? ' was her answer, as she raised her eyes and fixed them on him. For a moment he did not'reply; some thing in the dark eyes seemed to deprive him of speech. ' I-' he hesitated-' have been very busy. I knew, too-that is Iheard-you were very happy, and not dull-that you have been out a great deal, and so I sacrificed my inclination to duty.' Though the phrase was spoken glibly enough, it lacked his usual straightforward earnestness, and his artificial tone did not escape her. 'You'have been dining with Lord Harecourt,' he went on, as if for talking's sake. ' He is a wonderful man--' ' Why have you come now?' she inter rupted, softly and directly. Percy put his hand up to his lips, after an old trick of his, and frowned. ' I have come to say good-bye, Kyra,' he said, with a would.be commonplace smile. . 'You know my old opinion, that the Verings were descended from -the Wandering Jew; I am more fixed in that belief than ever, and as it is of'no use fighting against an inherited inclination, I am off on my travels again.' ' Where are you going ?' she asked, her face pale and piteous in the dark, dim, soft light. ' Well-to Africa,' he said, after a pause. 'It will be a new track for me, and-but I did not come into Bucking hamshire to talk over my route, Kyra, but to go over a little business with you.' He paused, and with a slight gesture she drew her fur cloak round her. ' Are you cold ?' he asked, glancing at the window. ' Yes, a little,' she replied, with a smile. ' This has kept off the cold many another night, has it not?' and she touched the fur with her small hand. ' Yes,' he said, looking down. 'Yes, yes,' then he looked up again. ' Kyra, I have made all arrangements-all I can think of that are likely to be of any use to you, and I think that, until I return, you will find the estate managed comfortably and properly. I would not go but that I know your own personal welfare is in better hands than mine.' He looked at her with a steady smile, and paused for a moment as he met her questioning look in return. ' I saw Charlie last night-1 do not see much of him-but though I do not-ask, nor does he tell me where he spends his time, I can guest. Charlie. and I have been more than brothers, and his happi ness is and will be great, Kyra.' For a moment there was a wistfulpain in his voice, and he looked at her with a yearning look ; but her eyes, still fixed on his face, wore the same questioning look. ' With him I can leave you quite safe. It is not necessary for me to trouble you with law business; but you will believe me, Kyra, that it is my one wish that you should live at the Wold. I cannot beair to think that the old place should return, after its one brief bit of sunshine, to the old dreariness. You will light it up with your presence, and bring back the old times. Yes, I shall look back many a night and think of you filling the place with your beauty- ' He paused abruptly, aroused to the sense of his quickened words, by the sudden flush of colour in her face and the startled look in her eyes. 'I-forgive me, Kyra ; it is too l.'te for rhapsodies, but I must exact your promise. You will live at the WYold while I am away, and that will be for many a long year-perhaps for ever.' ' Live at the Wold 1' she echoed. ' I -alone I alone !' 'No, but when you and Charlie are married I' TO BE CONTINUED. 