* THE A. J. 0. MEETING.:' . [.. i aGLF-co.). Tho second day's racing in . conniection witli the above will take place to:day.': :The racing' of Saturdhy was very fliir, aRid'ii doubt it will be so thlis afternoon. The :iiee lng opens with the Shorte, for which I lia-o not yet seeoon the weights, so i0ust pass it;i by; The Grandstand Plate follows, but the field is not very largo. FAITIt, 7st 51b, should win if she starts, and in her absence I like B3utterlly', 7st 51b. For the Spring Maiden Stakes I have a great liking.for Exsalow, 7st (61b, and I: think lhe will have 'to battle tihe finish out with MIloe, 7st 91b. After this comes the great event of the yeSrir, thb6 MIwnROPOLITAN. : A?t ?ie time of writing there are twelvo horses left:iu, buit Ido i'ot thinuk there will be above seven starters. Aberorn tops the list witlh Ost Sib, and I thirik this weight will stopi himi. Ar?ieinl comes next with 9st, and, as hie is lobked upon as a sure, starter, I thlink.heo will proveo very dangerousn. :Cardigan is another iwhichi (if the dollars are on) will take no-end of a boatiilg. Mr. Mayo is ropi'osented by lHouie:I dow, but I do not think he likes the distance, For all that he is in a clover mian's Ilands, and it is just as lilkely as nob that hlie will surpriso me. The Nun, Pet Girl, Lei-oh ihardt, and Toiichstoneo I do iod6 thlinkil, start. Tle four romninig horses are lBlariioy 'Frisbo, Lamnond, and Elsid, an& I fane o?ej df. them will win. However, to go straight foe one horse, I think La.osx, Gs 4lb, . wil vwin, and fancy Arsona! and 'Frisco willt fill the other two places. Not havingc i"thi weights for the Squatters' Handicap, i'illi pass it overo The last race of thel.day is'the A .J.O. Oals, 'for ichiech I likeo VoLLnr. OTIIE ?~TIPSTERS. Fromi Sydniey " Bohlemin" .wires that thie starters for the MIletropolitan will lprobhablyi be Abercornl, Arsonal (ierdigan, Ionsjdoc, [Thie Nun, Lamond, and hElse. Notbwith-! standing the seallness of the field, the raceo boars ti very.open appearance, and all runied, with the exception of The Nun, hlave boee freely backed. Lamondis a warm favourite but hlie can't'see him with a ghost of a sIqo, and thlinks the tug for supremacy will bobe tweoen Honeydew and Blarn?ey. Gougli will guide the former, whilst the taleunted light" weight Dunhey.lhas t[ho mount on the son of Marvellous and Becswing. If the .weantlher i fineo Ho6ŽNDEW will winu, orthlorwiso Bl:rney or Elsio will catch the.judge's oyoe firl;:i "MaRrtiidalo," of the ??,ening Vecs, con siders that Lamond will win, and tlinkih Abercorihand IBlirney tie next best. "Ncmo," of thi S..AL Herald, considere the battle to lio.betwcon Cardigan and Gan~ non's best, and after them hie likes .Lmnond and Abercorn. . T'u'heo Star isin favour of'Frisco, and thinks Tou?hstone and Lalnomid will prove his' most dangerous opponoets.. 