AN AUBTBALIAN EXCHANGE.-"We hour that arrangements are in progress for establishing in London an Exchange, for the uso of all persons going to or arriving from the Australian colonies. The Exchange will include banking facilities, and will transact all kinds of business, and will com. prise among other important features a daily telegraphic service and a mining agency. Tho founder of the scheme is Mr. AV. H. L. Bailey, late of the Sunday Nen*, Sydney, who is now in London, busily organising tho bise of tho exchange. AN " INSPECTBE.,'-(Scene : A Suffolk village school. Government inspector examining a class on tie subject on the Witch of Endor and Sam ucl's ghost.) Government Inspector: " Well, boys, what did the Witch of Endor think she saw ?" (PUUBO.S First Boy : " Plaze, sir, that^ wur an appurition/' Government Inspector : " Quite right ; but wbnt is an apparition?" (Long pause.) Sßsond Buy:"Plaze, sur, that be a spaotur 1" Government Inspector : " Yes, yes, quite right again, so far ; but what's a spectre?" (Prolonged pause.) Bright Boy (in a wild falsetto): " Plazo, sur, that bo a gentleman aC goo about examinin' seules 1"-Fun. * *. REFINING ur ELEOTBICITV.-The end bf tho old fashioned sugar-refining business has been' decreed by the new method invented of refining by electri- city ; the cost is äs 2d a ton. .. A company has boen started, with a million capital;?, The invoutor is Mr. Henry Friend. TEN MILLION TBAINBD SOLDIEKS.-M. Gervais, a French authority, says them are men capable of bearing arras-in Germany. 5,000,000 ; in France, 4,500,000; in Austria-Hungary, 1.800,000 ; in Italy, 2.000,000 ! in England, 800,000 ; in Russia, 0,000,000 ; and in all the other European States, 4,000,000. That gives a total of 25 millions. Of that number 10 millions are trained soldiers. THE PLAN OP CAMPAIGN.- United Ireland states that the tenants on Mr. Pollock's estate near Urcggs, county Galway, having adopted the Plan of Cam- paign last November, were offered a reduction of 19 per cent, on their rents ¡ but refused the offer, demanding 40 per cent. They have now been offered a reduction of 30 per oent., at which they have agreed to settle. GOOD NEWS ought to be told, and it is good newe that Dr. Bell's Bitters has cured the woiut ol kid ney diseases and can do it again.-ADV. Life is a Bleep at which wo dream most at thi commencement and the close-the middle part ab sorbs ns too much for dreams. >* 