ENGLISH TELEGRAMS. LONDOJT, August 5. : The report of the ran-Anglican Conference Of Bishops from all parts of the world, which assembled last month at Lambeth under the presidency of Archbishop Benson, of Canter bury, has now been published. Amongst other interesting matters, the report sets forth certain important resolutions of the Conference on the Divorce Laws-resolutions which are especially important in connection with the legislation on thiB subject whioh New South Wales is anxious to make, the Bishops have resolved that the church Bhall -not recognise divorce unless it is founded on proof of adultery, and that clergymen shall not celebrate the marriage of a person divorced for any other cause. Nor are the Bishops in favour of the re-marriage by the Church of any divorced persons. The aggrieved and innocent party in a divorce Buit may be married again, but, the Church refuses to perform the ceremony in the case of men or women who are divorced on account of their misdeeds. Against poly famists stringent rules are made, and it tias een decided that a man who is known to have more than one wife will not be admitted to the sacrament of baptism. The Conference has reported favourably on the scheme to erect the premier Bishoprics of the colonies . into Archbishoprics, but the question has been left undecided. The Citizen, a London weekly paper, stated in its issue of yesterday that Lord Carrington, the Governor of New South Wales, has informed the Colonial Office of hiB desire to return to Europe shortly. His Excellency has no wish to disturb the ar rangements of the Colonial Office, but he has acquainted Lord Knutaford with his objection, for many reasons, to stay longer in New South Wales than is consistent with official arrangements. He will resign his office as soon as possible, and certainly, says the Citizen before the end of the year. A great eruption took place on -Saturday in Stromboli, one of the Lipari Islands, off Sicily. Part of the island, which is entirely of volcanic origin, and which is inhabited .by a population of some 1,200 souls, was sud denly upheaved. Many people lost their lives, and immense damage was done to the crops and the cattle. A fire, attended with lamentable loss of life, took place yesterday in New York. In the Bowery in that city a fire broke out on Saturday in a large house crowded with residents at a time when most of them had retired to rest. Every effort was used to quench the fire and to rescue life, but, not withstanding this, great damage was done. So far, it is known that 18 persons have lost their lives-either through being burnt or ' being smothered by the smoke-and that, injured. It is officially denied that Her Majesty the Queen will leave England for the pur pose of paying a visit to the Grand Duchess of Baden, at Her capital. The outline of a scheme for the reception o! Highland orofteri into the Australian colonies has been received in London from Mrs. Jessie Campbell Browne. The author ities announce that they are unable to enter tain the Bcheme until full details are for warded to them, The German dag has been hoisted on Pleasant Island, in the Marshall group* in the Pacific. Annexation is not pretended, bat the German officers who have landed Btate that the island is now under the pro tection of the German Empire. Grant) a olerk who was arreBted lately in Ijondon, has been sentenced to five years' imprisonment for forging the name of Mr. R. Barr Smith, of Adelaide, to two letters Of credit of the value of £200. Bishop Moore has arranged to return to his Diocese of Ballarat in October next. It 1b understood that he will take with him and establish in his Diooese members of the orders of the Sisters of Nazareth and also Fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost. The double sculling match for the cham pionship of the world wb# rowed at Sara toga in the United States to-day. The contestants were Jacob Gaadaur and W. MaoKay on one side and John Teemer and Albert H. Hamm on the other. Gaudaur and MacKay were the victors. Teemer, who is the champion sculler of America, proposes visiting Australia with Hamm. It is rumoured that France proposes to compensate herself for the Italian annexa tion of Messowah by inoluding Tripoli among her North African possessions. Italy also covets Tripoli, having important interests there, and ft is statea will resist any French designs upon the territory, whioh ib now an appanage of Turkey. It is reported that the Italian Government have communioated with Lord Salisbury, the British Premier and Foreign Secre tary, and have received from bim an as. Buranco that England will interfere should France attempt to occujpy Tripoli. Jt has glided that the enquiry iato several persons have been' the charges brought by the Times against Mr. Parnell shall begin in the first week in ^November. The Italian Government have notified to the Powers their annexation of Zulla, a ?valuable port immediately to the south of Massowah. This action is considered a direct insult to France, which already pos sessed a considerable Btretch of country alongside the Straits of Bab-el-Mandeb, and was in negotiation with the King of Abyssinia with a view to establishing a protectorate over the territory of 8hoa. AB part of thiB arrangement, and in virtue of a treaty with King John, the French Gov ernment claim the port of Zulla, and have protested against its occupation by Italy. It is understood that an interview will shortly take place between Prince Bismarck and M. de Giers, which will probably result in a congress of representatives of the Great European Powers assembling at Berlin. It is prooable, however, that their deliberations will be solely confined to the Bulgarian question. News has been received that the Thibetan force is advancing on Sikkimi, and threaten ing an attack on the British position. The strike among the navvies employed in the neighbourhood of Paris, by which fully 8,000 men left work, is extending to other trades, and collisions between the men on strike and the police are of frequent occurrence. It is announced, that in September the Emperor of Germauy will visit the province of Alsace, and that in the following month he will proceed to Vienna on a visit to the Emperor of Austria. The report which was received from the front, to the effect that the rebel chief Dini zulu: had surrendered to the British force under the command of General Smyth, proves to be without foundation. It is generally believed that he haB effected his escape into the Transvaal. Intelligence is to hand that a number of deserters from the Abyssinian force report that King John's troops have been defeated by a large .body of dervisheB in the vicinity of Galabat. . 