REVIEWS. MODERN GUIDES IN MATTERS OF FAITH. (1) Mr. Hutton supplies in a more extended, ammeter, and permanent form, an admirable collection of essays on promlnent Euglinh writers -Carlyle, Newman, Arnold, Eliot, and Maurice which he had previously contributed to " Good Words," "The Contemporary Review," and " The British Quarterly Review." The title he has chosen for his book is scarcely a happy one. George Eliot can scarcely be appropriately called a " guide of thought in matters of faith." Although several of her writings deal with questions of faith in her own striking and interesting manner in relation to the characters dealt with, she does not assume a positive posit on in a way that could be termed constructive in its application to the matters of faith introduced. The essay on Carlyle is good, the author having successfully conceived and given a moderately fair estimate of the Great Seer from an evident close study and comprehensive grasp of his writings, as well as a thorough acquaintance with the man. Regarding the former, he determines in favour of the " French Revolution is, the work by which the "Storm-god of the northern foam''i will be chiefly remembered, since he represents not only the author but also the man. Respecting the latter, he sums up thus : _" in origin a peasant who originated a new sort of culture, and created a most artificial style full at once of affectation, and of genuine powar; in faith a Calvinistic sceptic, who re jected Christianity while clinging ardently to his parabolic style of the Hebrew teaching in politics a pioneer of democracy, who wanted to persuade the people to trust themselves to the minister despotic governance of Lord-protectors, * horn he could not tell them how to find; in Stenituro a rugged sort of poor who could not me are the chains of rhythm, and even 'scored at rhyme, Carlyle certainly stands out j paradoxical figure, solitary, proud defiant, Div id. No literary man in the nineteenth a story is likely to stand out more distinctly than Thomas Carlyle, both for faults and genius, to the centuries which will follow." 4th February, 1851, at a meeting of the Massachusetts Historical Society, on the very days when the mortal remains of the storm and returned philosopher were committed to their resting- place in, Scotland, his friend Ralph Waldo Emerson, who perhaps really know him better, and could interpret him more truly than any other, read a paper of In pressions of Carlyle, and his concluding words may not inaptly be compared with the general summary above quoted. He said '. Carlyle has, best of all men in England, kept the manly attitude in his time. He has stood for scholars, asking 310 (Johann- what he should say. Holding an honoured place in the best, society, he has stood for the people, for the charges, for the pauper, intrepidity and scornfully teaching the nobles their peremptory duties. His errors of opinion are as nothing in comparison with this merit, in my judgment. This aplomb cannot be mimicked; it is the speaking to the heart of the thing. And in England, where the and toomey has very slowly admitted scholars into society's very few houses only in the high circles being over opened to them he has earned himself erect, made himself a grower confessed by all men, and taught scholars their lofty duty. He never feared the face of man." The essay on Gardxhal Newman shows the ardent admiration the author has for his subject. t Ho and Matthew arnold are called "the two great Oxford thinkers," and the essay begins by presenting the contrast between them. While recognising the full greatness and goodness of Newman, Mr. Hutton does not hesitate to say that he went seriously wrong in becoming 11 Roman Catholic; and endeavouring to account for such a step he says, " It seems to me that he went wrong in his primary assumption that what he calls the * dogmatic principle ' involves the existence of an infallible human authority, which can say, without possibility of error, ' this is what God has revealed, and this again is radically inconsistent with what He has no routed.'" In the contrast which he makes between Arnold and Newman, Mr. Hutton discovers that while both are masters of the style in which sweetness and light predominate, and while both are poets and witnesses 'to the great power of religion, the one is a theologian first and a poet afterwards, the other a-poet first and a rationalised of theology, an anxious inventor of the supposed equivalents for theology afterwards. Both are witnesses to the great power of religion the one by the imaginative power he shows in getting over religious objections to his faith, the other by the imaginative power he shows In clothing a vacuum with impressive and Irajostio shadows till it looks something like a faith." Newman's style, general style, the Author thinks, clearly represents, differing from most styles, the man, and copious illustrations are given from Newman's writings in support of the conclusions arrived at. Establishing the drift of his best teachings he pronounces him " one of the greatest of idealists in this sense, that for him all material things are Symbols' and all spiritual things the most vivid of realities. No one has pressed home îaponusmore powerfully-I might almost say more painfully-the difference between an unreal state of mind and a real state of mind, between unreal words and real words. . . . No utilitarian teacher has pressed home so sternly as Newman the need of deeds to give any real significance to words, or even to our feelings. No one has made us recognise as has done that right words, and even right feelings, are but the shadows of things, and what it is only by the help of actions that we can ever learn to fathom the depth of our own words, or to turn to good account our otherwise die emotions. . . Again, no one has laid to heart like Newman, and made us lay to heart also, the comparatively small influence of mere logic and the vast influence of an conscious assumptions - intellectual, moral, spiritual over the whole history of our Inward lives." The author further asserts, with no fear of contradiction, that Newman .' has in relation to religion forestalled the leading scientific ideas of his younger son Jfmporaries-the conception of evolution, and fro conception of latent, or as some people call H, unconscious thought-in moulding human life; his unique position consists in this, that while most of those for whom those ideas have in a great, fascination have used them rather for the purpose of superseding Revelation, and explaining, or trying to explain, how we might have attained all the advantages of faith Without faith, Newman has steadily used these identified ideas in subordination to that master key of all our being which is found in Revels on." Matthew Arnold is treated with a more pronounced criticism than Newman. In some places the contrast between them is still portrayed, and Mr. Hutton endeavours to account for it. The strong sympathy with his subject which ran through and coloured the essay on Newman is wanting here ; the criticism is, however, just and fair-not mere assertion So we find, but clearly drawn conclusions from premises thoughtfully and carefully laid down, with full reasons for the advancement of each, md with liberal extracts from the writings, of arnold confirmatory of the position assumed. While many will agree with many will doubt rss differ from, this . a writer whose curious earnestness and ability in attempting the impossible will soon I believe, se a mere curiosity of literature." The Rev. Dr. Dale, of Birmingham, would probably agree with it, for speaking of Matthew Arnold was month, he said " his theory of Christianity was philosophically untenable and historically false, and his conception of popular Christianity, though he could find many excuses for it, was superficial and unsound." The truth contained in the following lines by William Derry and Raphoe in the " Spectator" will touch the sympathy of most, and recommend itself generally : If we miss sore in songs of thine a One name (which missing, so much more is missed), in oath mere austerely pure hath never kiss'd Our fevered brows than blows divine, Or er thy lofty star! t line, 111 virgin pages somewhere whisper-Christ ! Bat speaking of him as a poet we at once (1) "Essay on some of the Modern GuiapsofEnflish rhou.htinMattersufFaith." Dy Kicluirdllo't Hutton. Luh'luii : Macmillan and Co. ; Brisbane : AVaUon, Mr B son, and Co. realise the author to be drawn into closer touch with his subject. Mr. Hutton denominates Arnold "one of the most considerable of English poets, and assigns him a place above any post of the eighteenth century, excepting Burns, and not excepting Dryden, Pope, Cowper, Goldsmith, or Gray; and among the great poets of the nineteenth century a sixth, fifth, or even a fourth place. Several extracts from his poems are given to elucidate the author's opinions in comparing him with others, and Mr. Hutton's attitude towards him as thinker and poet, is fully defined in this sentence-" Though the poet and the thinker in Matthew Arnold are absolutely at one in their conscious teaching, the poet in him helps us to rebel against the thinker, and to encourage us to believe that the ' stream of tendency' which bears him up with such elastic and patient strength is not blind, is not cold, and is not dumb." Mr. Hutton would probably enter into full accord with all the high expressive sentiment of the following on Arnold - Poet, in our poor flin ried time, Of fine completeness and of lucid ease ; Fair master of old songs' superbest keys, Magician of the fetterless ellimo Free from the fatal sweets of rhyme, In Sophocles form and cadence, Poet of exquisite report: of lines that nye on Time's confused height Out of the storm shall stand in stars of white ; Of thoughts in deepening distance set Perfect in pictured epithet Touched with a pencil tip of deathless light, Poet of high untrodden snows, Of ocean's indefatigable roll, And of the everlasting human soul Ilush'd in immutable repose, On whose white calm no gold or rose Colours with change the past immortal whole. George Eliot as author is an excellent crea- tion. The comparison and contrast of her with Miss Bronte is thorough. Walter Scott, Thackeray, Fielding, Trollope, and others are also referred to as lending by points of similarity with and difference from Geo. Eliot light or shade which better sets her forth. "Adam Bede " is, says Mr. Hutton, her most popular book. This with "Felix Holt," Silas Marner" The Mill on the Floss," and "Romaka" come slightly under review, but the chief place is reserved for " Middlemarch," of which a full, critical, and interesting estimate is given. Mr. Hutton discovers that "What is remarkable in George Eliot is the striking combination in her of very deep speculative power, with, a very great and realistic imagination," and he remarks : " It is rare to find an intellect skilled in the analysis of psychological problems completely at home in the conception and delineation of the real character." Comparing her with the class of drawing-room novelists, he says, " her pictures are not only director and simpler, but her deeper and frequently poetic imagination discriminates finely between the various degrees of depth she gives to her characters, and throws more of univer purity and breadth into them . . . And yet those deepest portions of human character, which the simpler' and less educated grades of society, in their comparative indifference to the sympathy they receive, do not care to hide, and which educated society half suppresses or expresses only by received formulas quite without personal significance, are far truer measures of force and mass in human character than any other elements." Her broad insight in the field of religious faith the shrewdness and range of her miscellaneous observations on life ; her more powerful delineation of what is sound than what is unsound ; her humour, which is not ironical; and other characteristic elements of her books are well treated. Although a considerable portion of the writing is devoted to her poetry, the author says, " I do not regard her poetry as anything but the attempt of a large but slow imagination to be a medium not really well fitted to her genius. Her verse wants spontaneity." The following is well worth quoting as showing in a few words the general estimate. George Eliot with a faith like that of her own 'Dinah' would, to my mind, have had one of the most effective intellects the world had over soon. Her imagination would have gained that vivacity and spring the absence of which is its only artistic defect ; her noble ethical concep- tions would have gained certainty and grandeur ; her singularly just and impartial judgment would have lost the tinge of gloom which seems always to pervade it; and her poetic feelings would have been no longer weighed down by the superincumbent mass of a body of sceptical thought with which they struggled for the mastery in vain. Few minds, at once so speculative and so creative, have ever put their mark on literature." " George Eliot's Life and Letters" is the next subject, and is a critical review on Mr. Cross's book. The essay on Farming" Denison ? Mauiuob, which is again a review of the letters edited by his son, completes the volume. This last is all too short, but is a fine tribute to the genius and goodness, the power and worth of a man whom all men who have felt his influence and known his life and work must delight to honour. Just at this time, when a laudable effort is being made to solve the difficult problem of why do the masses not attend church P and Mr. Wm. Rossiter and the Bishop of Rochester, and others are endeavouring to bring about a better understanding of the difficulty by meeting the people on neutral ground for a fair and open consideration and investigation of the whole matter, admirers of Maurice will not forget how he, when a curate, did much real and serviceable work in this way. Meeting the secularist and others to whom the Church is uncongenial in coach-houses, and with his broad sympathies, his high intellect, his cultured soul coming into such close touch with them, answering their objections, facing their difficulties, and altogether making to them the man felt where the priest was powerless, he won many. The book is well got up, the style good, and it deserves a large reading. IN THE WRONG PARADISE. (2) Mr. Andrew Lang has many reputations-a reputation in criticism, fine arts, poetry, translation, science, and so forth. Yet it seems he is not content, for here is evidence that he has followed his friend Grant Allen into the domain of fiction. " In the Wrong Paradise" is a collection of niuostoriesgatherodup from the magazines and now accessible in the luxury of pica type and broad margin. It is dedicated to Rider Haggard, which gives one a hint as to its contents; There is, indeed, a suggestion of the marvellous in places, But not strong enough to save the souls of the lovers of ' ' She. ' ' And sad to say, Mr. Lang lets the romantic person down rather heavily here and there. Take "The End of Pharaohs," for instance the longest story of the collection. Imagine a Greek colony to have survived intact in some island of the South Pacific, fenced in from marauders by the inviolate sea ; imagine the old Greek life of freedom led in this earthly paradise amidst olive groves and the murmur of fountains by large limbed fearless men and fair maidens; and picture if you can a radiant priestess young and too good to live almost, and a cruel priest the guardian of a prophecy of doom. Now, this island must be reached or the tale could not be told. '. Of course," says the lover of She, " he (the explorer) must be young and English, with fine eyes and no end of courage." No, for the castaway is only a missionary, Gowles by name, member of the sect of Singletonians whose ideas of Christianity are comprised within the circle of a stove pipe hat, black gloves, and a Moody and Sankey hymn-book. And he doesn't marry the pretty girl; but in his odious way (there being a Mrs. Bowles by- the-bye) makes love to her. From a romantic point of view it is crushing. Yet the story (or apologise as the author prefers to call it) is amusing. And this remark applies generally ; the book is full of the brightness that one feels in genuine sun, and the purpose of each apologue is insinuated rather than contemptuously thrust under your nose, as some learned persons are only too apt to do. From his storehouse of tradition Mr. Lang has chosen one or two ghost stories, but they are not remarkable, and are only passably well told. Perhaps the most noteworthy things of all are the quaint conceits named ' . In the Wrong Paradise " and the great Gladstone myth which go to show what a wreck "Times he crumbles (2) "In the Wrong Paradise." By Andrew Lang. London: Keegan Paul, Trench, and Co.: Bradman's: Gurdon and (votes. ' makes of all the world's cherished ideals and how vain a task it is to rehabilitate them. A hearty recommendation of this volume can only be made with a reservation in respect of that class who only road for the story and care as little for style as the Hindu does for the Salvation Army. NEAR AND FAR. (3) " Near and Far" consists of a series of sketches contributed by Mr. W. Senior, better known as " Red Spinner," to the home journals and magazines. The book is divided into two parts, the first comprising an angler's sketches of sport in Great Britain, and the second sketches of colonial life. Mr. Senior writes with a pleasant fluency. He is a keen student of nature, and in any one of his papers much may be learned regarding the habits of birds, beasts, and fishes." As a follower of Isaac Walton, he is facile princeps, and in reading his exploits by stream and sea who catch something of the aroma of an angler's enjoyments. To those who' have tickled the trout in the chalk brooks of the South of England, in the ]__ys8ti-eanis of the Midlands, have enticed the wary pike in a Thames must, have felt every nerve thrill as they humoured a strong running sea trout or lively grayling in a Scottish estuary, or tried conclusions with a determined bull trout on a Scottish loch, these papers will recall in vivid fashion days of the purest delight given to the heart of man. Perhaps to Australians the descriptions of the pursuit of the gentle craft in the old country so different from anything we can command here-will be of most interest. The colonial sketches are however bright and cheerful pictures of holidays spent in Queensland when Mr. Senior was louder of the " Hansard" staff. The most picturesque of the sketches are " Trying a breech-loader," the record of a shooting excursion in the neighbourhood of Brisbane; "The horse hunter," a description of trouble catch- ing, fireflies; Among the sugar- canes," an experience of fly fishing in the Pioneer River for the Palmer fish; Camping out," holiday at the Noosa lakes and " A day with the kan- garoos." Queensland has seldom been presented in more attractive colours than by Mr. Senior, who evidently exists fond lingering looks on the days he spent among us. The books admirably printed, and got up in a coloured pictorial CARDINAL WOLSEY. (d) Of the making of books in series there is no end, especially by Macmillan and Co.; and one begins to feel that it may be overdone. The present volume is the first issue of a projected series of short biographies of Twelve English Statesmen." The aim has been to select those leading actors in our affairs who, by their direct influence, have left an abiding mark on the policy, the institutions, and the position of Great Britain among States." Whatever differences of opinion may obtain as to the insertion or omission of other names, there can be no doubt that "Wolsey deserves a place amongst the twelve, inasmuch as it was his policy, with Henry VII's force of character behind it, that, however, unwittingly, led up to the Reformation in England. According to our author, Wolsey's lending aim was the aggrandisement of England. In his days the doctrine of the balance of power was first formulated, and England's weight in the scale acknowledged and secured. But the path leading to this issue lay through demoralisation compared with which modern statesmanship is an aggregate of the virtues, and the Reforma- tion emerged from it simply because the Pope was only another piece upon the chess-board and liable to be checkmated if he called himself the highest. The retirement of the barons from the favoured position in the State, and their replacement by the clergy, furnished the lever which was to sever England from the ancient Church. Schoolmaster (by the way, our author does not believe in the butcher story), court chaplain, down, almoner, Bishop, Archbishop, and Cardinal, Wolsey served King and country from the proceeds of ecolor-iiibticiil pluralities which he perforce neglected, and schemed, intrigued, bargained, bribed, und lied for his temporal master the King against his spiritual muster. the Pope. Repeatedly the author of this book has to relieve himself with a hearty expression of disgust over the complicated basenesses through which he has to lend his reader. Truth, honour, and with, reverence and nobleness seemed unknown in the Europe of Wolsey's day ; every power, ecclesiastical or civil, dodging and doubling as best it could for the circumvention of the rest, and prostituting without scruple the most sacred offices and the holiest relationships to the furtherance of its tortuous policy. The best that can be said for Wolsey is that in all this he was no worse and perhaps a few shades better than his neighbours. And the author's kindliest feeling for him prices from the fact that his overthrow was due to the conscientious scruples which were still left to him after he had, as far as he dared, stooped to aid the King in his machinations for divorce from Katherine. He fell because he would not break with the Pope, who, from motives honourable or dishonourable, withhold the coveted divorce. Mr. Creighton well remarks that, had Wolsey's own candidature for the Popedom been successful, " it is impossible not to think how different might have been the course of events." The gain of an English Pope would, no doubt, for the time at least, have been the loss of the English Reformation. To Wolbey, also, it should be remembered, was largely due the reform in the matter of English monasticism, which was set on foot while allegiance to the Papacy remained intact. But, looking to the entire story, which is succinctly but forcibly retold in this small volume, one feels that, rarely in the world's history, have the paltry and even iniquitous devices of man led to so great and beneficent an issue. There is a useful index at the end, but we would suggest that, in the coming companion volumes, there should also be given a statement of con- tents under the chapter headings. (3) " Near and Far," an angler's sketches of home sport and colonial life. Hy Wm. Senior, anglim? editor of the "Field." London: Sampson Low, Marston, Searle and Rivington. Brisbane: coercion and Gotch. (4) Cardinal Wolsey." By Mandell Creighton, ILA., D.C.L., LSA. London: Macmillan and Co. Brisbane : Watson, Ferguson, and Co, 