A Russian Ghost Story. When the Winter Palace, was finished the empress appointed a day for taking possession of it ; and the elite of the guards, and a corp which was composed entirely of noblemen. mounted guard in the new castle. A long dark corridor lead to the middle door of the white or throne-room. In the corridor two young noblemen were posted. It was approach ing ten o'clock and the arrival of the empress was momentarily expected. Suddenly the attention of the young men were attracted by a bright streak of light which seemed to glide between them in the dark passage. ' Their eyes followed the light, and they saw that it streamed through the key- hole of the throne room. Who could have any business at such an unusual hour in a room which was designated only for the reception of foreign ambassadors? One of the young men considered it his duty to investigate the matter, and approached tht door for that purpose, but as soon as he had glanced through the key-hole he called to his companion in a whisper to come nearer. "The empress has already arrived," whis pered he ; "she is seated on the throne opposite the door." The other also looked through the aperture and soon verified this to be a fact. The em press was seated in a tranquil dignity on an elevated golden stool under the red velvet canopy, richly adorned with the Imperial Arms of Russia, a double eagle. The room was brilliantly lighted ; but it was impossible to ascertain if any other persons were present, as the thickness of the door-lock allowed no side view of the apartment. The young men re turned to their posts and waited. Not long after one of the higher officers appeared and said, — ' Yon can now retire ; the empress will not come to-night.' ' But Her Majesty is already here.' 'What? Who?' ' Her Majesty is in the throne room.' ' Impossible !' ' You can see for yourself.' The officer looked, immediately recognised the empress, and said wonderingly, — ' I cannot understand what the marshal means. He has just arrived, and ordered that all the guards be withdrawn ; the empress has changed her mind, and will not arrive to-night. Nevertheless, I see that she is here. Could she have come secretly ? At all events I will ascer tain what new order the marshal has issued. Meanwhile you remain here as the empress may pass this way. The marshal, Prince Kuratin, was fortu nately in the palace, and as soon as he heard of the mysterious report hastened to the cor ridor, and peeped in his turn through the key hole. ' My God, it is the empress ! Her Majesty herself ! What can it mean ?' exclaimed he. ''How can this be possible, when I have just left her presence? She was dressed in her usual every-day attire, and I see her in her own royal robes and jewels. There must be some mystery behind this. Let all entrances to the throne-room be guarded ! Let no one go in or out ! I will hasten to report at once.' The distance between the two houses being quite short, the marshal soon reached the small palace, temporarily occupied by the empress. ' Where is the empress ?' "In her sleeping apartment.' ' The prince looked at the lady of honour with suspicion, and said sharply. — ' Are you sure that the empress is here ?' 'Of course ; she is preparing to retire.' ' Inform her instantly that I am here.' In a few minutes Prince Kuratin, much excited, was conducted into the empress' chamber. The empress stood before him in night negligee. Kuratin turned pale. ' Wei',' said the empress, 'you look as if you had seen a ghost. What in Heaven's name is the matter with you ? Is there any news from the army?' Kuratin hurriedly related what he had seen. ' It is a knavish trick,' cried Elizabeth. ' We will take a nearer look at these come dians. I will go in your sleigh, Kuratin ; you can mount behind. Hurry.' Arrived at the Winter Palace, the castelian was ordered to bring the key of the throne room ; six grenadiers were commanded to load their guns, and led by the empress the little troop betook themselves to the corridor. The light ' shone as before through the key hole. The door was cautiously opened and a flood of light filled the corrider. The empress stepped within the room, followed by her guard who placed themselves around ber. The room was brilliantly illuminated, but empty. On the throne was seated a shape, the counterpart of Elizabeth arrayed in purple and ermine, covered with diamonds, and crowned with the royal diadem. One instant Elizabeth gazed steadfastly at her double, then moved forward a few steps. Simultaneously the apparition stood up, stepped down from the throne, and then remained standing as im novably still as the empress. It was a thrilling moment ! ' Fire !' cried the empress. The guards raised their guns and all six aimed at the ghostly visitant. The triggers snapped. At the same instant the figure, clapped its hands together, and the room was plunged into intense darkness. Then followed a great commotion and confusion, while the empress called, — ' Bring lights !' Lights were speedily produced, and each corner was thoroughly searched, but absolutely nothing could be found to elucidate the mystery. Every door was locked and guarded. The guards had seen no one leave the palace. The empress ordered a more thorough search to be made, but in vain were all efforts made to discover the perpetrator of the trick, if trick it were. The occurrence made a deeper impression upon Elizabeth than she would admit. Eight weeks afterwards she died.— Exchange. 