C0S1TAT10NS OF A MISANTHROPE. " But such deeds, Lacedaemonians, were not to yónr honour," Thacvdides. Shall we ever hear'the last of this all absorbing Chinese question? These cablegrams which time and again appear in the morning journals are terribly misleading. I notice the London correspondent of the Age confesses he was led astray by a paragraph in Vanity Pair when be cabled re the Chinese circular to "Citizens of the World" abroad, to wind up their business affairs and return home within ll three yeara to the celestial empire. It seems Vanity Fair cannot account for die invention. Be that as it may, thereby hangs a tale which was furnished me eome two months ago. The incident shows how the Chinese question and Home Rule for Ireland gets mixed up in the minds of some folks. A comely vendor of die " spling calot" and the sucnlent cabbagee, glorying in the euphonious name of Ah Yuck, had reason to attend - the goods ehed of a certain railway station —which has high hopes of being the principal junction on the Murray line—and by some strange coincidence the president of die local branch of the C.T.M. Society had duties which called for his attendance there also. The clerk was known to be a thorough Orangeman, while his right hand man in the shed was an officer in the C.Y.M.S. Well, the trio started to bombard Ah Ynck re the poll-tax and reshipment -of his suffering countxymen, which riz the dander of the , Heathen Chinee. Then there was a pantomime. The desciple of Confucias manifestly was not up in dialects, else he would not have fallen opon eo grave an error as he committed, eeing the trio were all of Irish extraction, one of them having a strong flavour of the brogue to this day. It was evident Ah Yuck had heard of the agitation among Irishmen and so confounded it with the agitation against his countxymen for be let out at those blooming "Hishmttn." "Theyshonld all be sent oat of the country. My countrymen," continued he "will Bend out eighty-three man-o'-war ships and al million men to send all the f- 1 ' "Tv , away, >> and J ^;-antomilni° -.I di^y llisnmen wit]l i&ndB; gave the size of a Chinese paper he had received, and running over in his hideous jargon of a language, " Pat-shipsam, jack-shin, yet-man-yan," signifying the number of men and ships available to do the blowing-up business. I know it would be useless to give die above in the original hieroglyphics, or I would have put the printer to die expense of providing fresh type in Chinese characters to meet the public demand for novelty, but I believe the above will take some cyphering by the average reader to render into pure - English. The Orangeman enjoyed the joke and was convulsed at die blank look on die feces of his companions, and Ah Yuck'e monkey being up he continued, " No touchee Bnglishee man, no touchee Sco tehee man, or Gelman, or Flench man, but blow np golly blooming HiBhman," rounding his periods with another burat of Celestial wrath in the diobolical sing-song lingo so characteristic of the children of theeun. That Chinaman now enjoys a free pass from further molestation. What in the name of fortune can the skating rink possess as a target for the shaft of the deric ? In it do they see a powerful competitor for, and a strong attractive force to swamp all the available small change of the realm ? Can anything be more graceful than to see couple after couple gliding or sailing ronnd a hall, hands crossed, describing mutations from side to side, mayhapwisperingsoftnothings, their lithe bodies Bwaying in graceful undulations in the endless describing _ of curves and the continual roar of grinding wheels which debars the next couple overhearing die honeyed phrases meant for privileged ears 1 I understand it has been asserted that young maidens lose that native modesty which is the crowning blasb of youth's young dream, and become pert forward hussies 1 I veiy much doubt it. Young people must have amusement, and at die it is to be had, is that of a łnyt-miaiai nature, and during early hours. The like cannot be said of dancing, which uniformly gets into "the weesma' 'ours ayont the twall," or, bearing ont the behest of the song, " We won't go home till daylight doth appear." But, hold on! Dancing was also inveighed against— II ladies' minis waists liatnfr being fln«nn*lftd encircled by DV the Hie arms of those who might be found lying drank in die gutters in the morning." Strong language, gentlemen 1 Good, plain English 1 Well, let a cm Bade be begun, and let me Bee it carried on, not in fitful starts and mincing moods, but in thorough i earnestness, and "Misanthrope " will not be behindhand to further the charge. But away with that lukewannness, then well have more hope of success. On enquiring of a young lady shortly after beginning to skate, how she was improving, she cheerily responded, "Oh, pretty fair! I Lave now learned to Ml.' "Learned to lali?' I queried- "I thought that required nó learning." With ia meny laugh - she explained that whereas formerly she rail the ride of staving. In the back of her skull, she now merely drópped on her knees when ehe fonnd her equilibrium gone and minimised h^r downfall. A wise young lady! Just601 " '.." '-Ai 1 -'- An invention has been patented in New Zealand Which Baves the «kater from falling backwards. What a pity the W T oodend North young men Samiot jwt supplied with this new patent;! It would save fhem&om; the frumfliBtmg-spectacle . • ward gyratory movement with the feet of such tyros in the use of rotatory skates. A certain quarter of this mundane sphere which can generally boast a clean bill of health possesses rival undertakers withal, who can scent business from afar, and betrayat times an uncommon amount of energy to encompass each other. To be brief, two happy-go-lucky individuals hearing the the report of old So-and-So's death, determined on setting out to witness a real Irish wake, never having had so favorable an opportunity as this before —so they thought. Well, off they went to satisfy their curiosity, when nearing a particular wayside pub. they espied a number of youngsters sporting about. One of the twain remarked to his mate, " This don't look much like a wake," so to test the matter he enquired of one of the children how grandpa was ? " Quite well, thank you; never was better in his life." The two friends looked at each other, as much as to Bay, "łfice joke thiB, to come all this way on a fool's errand. Let's have a drink," and a drink they had, or were having, when, lo! what's-his-name's undertaker's trap drove up to the door, and that worthy himself alights from the vehicle and bustles into the hotel, greeting the wake finders with the astounding salute, *• Well, boys, what are you going to have to drink ?" "Do I wake, or am I dreaming ?" was the secret thought of the twain so addressed; his perplexity was unbounded. "Never knew him to do the like before," cogitated the dambfoundered one. " Is he on the same wild goose chase as ourselves ?" further ruminated he. Then recollecting himself—" Oh ! I'll have whisky, please," and the trio tossed off the liquor in unison. "How'e business?" enquired our friend of the man of crape when his astonishment had somewhat subsided. " Farish, farish ; can't complain," croaks the sarcophagus contractor. " I hear the old man's dead," is further communicated by the ghoul in search of a job. " Indeed !" energetically remarks our friend iii a tone of feigned surprise. " Strange we never herd of it." But when the whole truth was known, the man of plumes who had 6cented the corpse from afar, departed a sadder if not a wiser man, and the friends concluded their journey was not altogether in vain when they could make what's his name shout! 1 was much struck with one of "Southern Cross's" remarks in the article of the A.N.A., last Saturday, when alluding to the "Nativesses" in the gallery looking on while the lords of creation were guzzling. Same old game. Even the " coming race " of Native Australians prove themselves congeners of the old aboriginal race of this island continent. Bear with me, Mr Editor, if I tread on tender ground. Mine be the head to bear the whack of nulla nulla if I bring down the ire of the chiefs of the "coming race." I must repeat the text again—"The Australian Natives guzzled at the late banquet whQe the Australian Nativesses from the balcony looked on." Glorious spectacle 1 edifying spectacle 1 ye gods, and you call this civilization, ninteenth centuary civilization ? By the ghost of King Billy, how history repeats itself ! Cast your optic along this picture and see where, if any, similitude to the twin daub above. Our sable brethern sat in the gum-trees' shade guzzling, and the lubras sat apart watching their lords and masters ! Change this state of things, change it quickly. Let equality and fraternity be the watchword between the sexes and then will we glory in the " coming race " who will lead the van in the enfranchisement of man's counterpart Voila Tout 