,DEAD MAN'S ,ROCK. 'TH FINDING OF THE GREAT RUBY. I A Rokicsi By Q. .,-, -7. SBOOK I.' - :c:::: CHAPTER X. (ConRINUED.) z rm IN WHAT YaisNER ILantN THE -, 'r escrr OF THE GRUET UT. od: CoIjvermust'have zead my thoughts, for i'elooked steadily at me out of toose dark of , and then said very slowly and r' Mr. Trenoweth, it grieves me to taunt I y eourmiaerable case, but do you mind my I fnothatou are a fool '. -l'simply ated in answer. Your father was a fool-a pitiful fool; a :d 0 n ou area fool Which would lead me, 1 E-.id I not know better, to believe that y.ur I mndfather. Amos Trenoweth, was a fool also. I should wrong him if I called him 5 'that. He was. a ,villain, a black- hearted,t \--rda.lroisa. cold-blooded, damnable villain ; aut he was only a tool' for once in hie life, i and that was whenhc trusted in the sense of hie deaendante.' 'lis voice, as he spoke of my grandfather, t ".BW suddenly shrill and discordant, while c f-sa eyes hlased up in furioua wrath.. In aI second or two, however, he calmen himself again and went on quietly as before. 'You wonder, percaps, why I call you af Sfoo It is because yo hve lived fr four- i teen years with your hand upon riches that would make a king jealous, and have never bad the sense tograsp them; it is because yon have ahut your eyes, when you might I .have seen, have been a begear when you , Sm?ght have ridden in a carriage. Upon moy I '.word, Mr. Jasper Trenoweth, when I thbnk of i "your olly I have halt a mind to be dog-sick Swith you myself.' What could the men mean? What was 'this clue which 1 had never found? ' And all the time it was written upon this I key here, as large as life: not only that, but, to leave you no excuse, Amos Trenowesh * actually told you that it:was written here.' * Whatdo you mean ! etammered I, forced into speech at last. SAh, so you have found your voice, have you ? What do I mean! Do yon mean to say you do not goes even now ? Upon my word I am loth to kill so fair a fool.' He regarded me for a moment with pitying contempt, then stretched out his hand and took up my grandfather's key. ..I read here,' he .said, ' written. very '-learly and distinctly, certain words, You mast know those words; but I will repeat them to you to refresh your memory 'Thy house is set upon the sands ; and thy I hopes by a dead man." ' ' Well!' I asked, for-fool that I was-even yet I did not understand. 'Mr. Jasper Trenoweth, did you never hear tell of such a place as Dead Man's Rock! The truth, the whole horrible certaiq t off it, struck me as one resat wave. and fiUb ed over my bent head as with she whirl and roar Etl men, water . 'Dead Man's Rook--Dead Man's Rock I' It sangin my ears as itewept me df my feet- for a moment and passed, I 'hiving me to .in- and atale in te grult '.f .bottomlese despair. And then, a if I really ' drowned, my tpat life, with all its llliee, mistakes, wrecked hopes, and baseless dreams, hot ewifly pseer in one loong traiu Again I saw my mother's patient, aCxious emits, my fother's drowned face, wish the telt drops trickisng from his golaen huir, the rOaggle0on the rock, the inquest, the awful 'face asthe window, the corpses of my parents stretched siue br side upon the bed, the scene of the gambling-bell with all its white and desperate faces, Claire, my lost love, the river, the theatre, Tom's death, and that last dreadfoa scene, Franceeca with the d rk blood soaking her white dress and trickling down upon the eoards. I tded to ost my ands before my eyes, but the cords held and cut my arms like burning steel Then in a Aash I seemed to be striding madly up and down Oxford street, while still in frontof me idkaoed saod flew the yellow woman, her every diamonl flashing in the geslight. her° cold, black eyes. as they turned and mocked me, bluazig marsh.lights of doom. Then -ame the ranging of many bells in my ears, mingled with silvery laughter, as :Souh the fiends were ringing jublant peal, ,withn the pit. SPresently the sights grew dim and died away??ut the chiming laughter still con. tleued. . i. Ilookedup. Is was Colliver laughing, and his face was that of an archdsevil. . It deeosme good soeeeyoi,' he exclaimed ; ,'b yes, lt is honey to my sool. F ol,:and a :riho?eand times fool I that ever I should base lived to trsamPh thus over you and your as eusmed house :One mose his voieo grew shrill and his I :aes lashed; once more he collected him 'Yo shall hear it out,' he said. ' Look I here,' and he pulled a greasy bookfrnm his moeet. ' Here is anautical almanac Wot I day i it? December 23, or rather some time n the morning o0 24th December, Chrietu?s Eve. On the evening of 24th December it is fUll moon, and dead low water at Falmouno shbot 1130 p.m. Fate-do you bell-ve in fate, Mr. Trenoerh !-could not have cho-en the time better In sometbing under twenty hours one of us will have his ban : upon the tI ?uore. Which will it cs, eb whieh willie be?' Well I knew which it would be, and the .owiledge was blaser asualL 'A merry Chris me, tMr. Jascor Treoo.I weth. Peaceonea~ih andgoodwill- . You wll beai o. masio , by that tine 8, a .srry Cbristm.s, sod a merry Chrinsmae boxr Likewise the osmplimente of tns season, and a happy New Yeas to you Where are you going to spend Christmas. Mr.Trenoweth,eh 1 ,iamnhinking.lf passinitby the sa Yonwill pe?hape try the sea, too, only you will be IN It. Tbhmes run swiftly when it has s corpee frecargo. Oho I, - -t his r d, rsd Up. the mmrtv madl 'Ips fa i ts. an. Ma. hw. rwesthart esto my lade- -. las go l alos teoll h, lso lol 'I'm aft.id no bell will toll for you.! rr...Trenoweth; not yet awhile, at any sats., Not till your sweetheart is weary of . ad.ths d g:ol a go blh due. my lads a he, buthe walts f yon I' \- ' Both waiting for you, Mr. Trenoweth 1~oursweehear sand the devil. Which shall ;q?'you'at Ladiesl fidit, ionu. :ild say. hAbs,.I am not so dave I Bythe way, mishi I give'. g?tase as, our .sweethesrt's aame mlhhtit begin witha C? Might she bea famous acresest Claite. perhape, she calls hersell? Abh I Claire's pretty eyes will go wed with'watching before she eate rha o.yon -_ain. Pie on you to keep so sweeta maiden waiting. Asidwee wlllyoube el the time, r. Jusper teeaoweth , He stopped at Ilst mastered by his feo dWgand sleoet ptuian But I. for the soned dalre'ename bad maddened me, broke out in furt ' Dogaddevlll lehllbe lying with all he oltherveiClims of lOer aosrued life. dead a mytethsrwhomyeu foully murders withI- eight of his home; d?ad as th se e ~iber poor ceatoree you lew upon the Btlle -oreu deead as my -mother, whose pure .tabibo?l . yot ur infaeol laes,I wh-b ven life 4sd.f. a:siheb of soar baadii. work; d ad aJon Rolloi, whom yea uabb?dto deth upon--' Sflsh ebKMr rreoiis i.h. As for lun ravings, I love to hearthem eand could listen by the boar, did inot lime prese. Bat 'I cannot have you talking . so loudly, you understand ; and he toyed ently with his knife; ' also rememer, I mos be at Dead Man's Rock by half-past 11 to-sight.' 'Fiend I' I continued, ryon can kill me, ityon like, but I will count your crimes with Slst breath. Take my life as you took my friend Tom Loveday'. llfa-Tom, whom yro knifed in the dark, mistaking him for me. Take it as you took Caire's, if ever msan-' SClaire-Clire dead !' Heitaggered back a step, and almost at the same moment I thought I caught asound on the other side of the partition at my back. I listened for a moment, then conclundin that my ears had I played me some trick, went on again : SYes. dead. She killed herself to-night at Ithe theatre-s-tabbeohersal Oh, God ! Do y'ou hink I camfor yor knife now? Why, I waegoing tokill mysef-to drown mreelf at the very moment when I heard your voice and came on board. I came to kill you. Make the most of it-ahow me no mercy, for as there is a God in Heaven, I would have shown you none.' What was that sound sagain on the other side of the pertition ? Whatever it was. Col. liver had not heard, for he was musing sokly, and lookiug 8xedly as me. 'No , I will show yon no mercy,' he answered quietly, ' for I have swoan to show no mercy to your race and you are the as of t. Bt listen, shat fr a few moments before you die you may shako off yo r smug cornm placescy and learn what this wealth is, and what hind of brood you l'rinoerthb ass. Dog I The tresulre that lies by Dead Man's Rock is treasure weighed wirth dead men's cores, and stained with dead men' i blood-wealth won by black piracy on the high seas- gold for which many a poor soul walked she plank and found his end in the deep waters. It is treuruesaked frommany a galUnt ship, stripped from many a rotting corpse by that black hornd, your grdad. father, Amos Trenoweth, Youguesaed that? Let me tell you more. : There i miany a soul cliny in' heaven snd hell for vengeance on your race; but your death to-night, Jasper Trenoweth, shall be the peouliar joy of one. Youguessed that your grandlather had crimes noon his soul ; hut you did not auee the blackest crime on his account-the murder of his t dearest friend. Listen. I wi be brief with ton. bul cannot spare myself the joy of eotting you know this much before you die. Know then, that when your grandfather was a rich man by this friend's aid- after, with h thi, friend's help. he had laid hand on the a secret of the Gease Ruby for waich for many t a year he had thirsted, io the moras. of big triumph, heturned and slew hat friendy in order to keep the Ruby to himself. 'That fool, your arther, kept a Journal which, no doubt, you have read overe od over again. Did he tell you how I caught him on Adam's Peak, sitting with this Clasp in his hands before a hideous graven stone ? That stone was cut in ghsly mockery of that friend's face; the hones that lay be. t neath it were the bones of that friend. Tuere, i on that very spoot where. I met your father, face to face, did his father, Am's t'renowetb,r !taike down my father, Ralph Coliver. ii 'Ab, light is begining to dawn on your silly brain at lust Yes, pretending to pro tect the old priest, who bead the Ruby. he etabbed my father with the very knife found in your father's bears, stabbed him before his wife's eryes oan that little lawn upon the7 mountain side ; and, when my helpless moahdr called vengeance upon him, handed the still reeking knife to her and bade her t do her wont. Ah, but she kept that knife. Did you mark what was engraved upon the blade ? That knife had a good memory, Mr., Jaseer Trenoweth. 'Let me go on. A. if that deed were not foul enough, he caused the old priest to carve-being skilful with the chitel-that I vile distortion of his dead friend's face oa of a huge boulder lying by, and then murdered him too for the Rbr'a take, and tumbled their bodies into the trough together. Such was Amon Trenoweth. Are you proud of your descent? ' I never saw my father. I was not born ' until three months after this, and not until Swas tea years old did my mother tell me of his fate. 'Your grandfather was a fool, Jasper Tre. noweth, to despise her; for she was yoaung then and she could wait. She was beauntiful then and Amor Trenoweth himself had loves her. What is she now? Speak, for you have seen her.' As he spoke I seemed ti see again that yellow face, thoese awful, soulless eyes, and hear her laugh as she gaed down from the boxr upon my dying love. 'Ab, beauty goes. It went for ever on that day when Amos Trenoweth esptin her face and taunted betas she along to the body 1 of her husband. Beauty goes, but revenge can wait; to',-t0-te bhas oomas;a miahe a th:usand dead men's ghosts shall he glad. sad point at your body as it goa tossing out to sea. Tonight-but let me tell the rest In a word or two, for timepressee. orwI was brought up, how my mad m-other-for she is mad on every point bau one-trained me to I she sea, how I[left rat length and became an attorney's clerk, all this I need no;t dwell upon. But all this time the thought of revenge never l-ft me for an hour; and if iit bad, my mother would have recalled it. ' Well, we settled in Plymouth, and I was bound a clerk to your graudfather's attorney, still with the same purpo.e. There I lecrnut of Amos Trenoweth's affRies but only to a certain extent ; for of the wealth which he t had so bloodily won I could iscover nothing. sad yet I knew that he possessed riches which make the heart fain' even to think i upon. Yet for all I could discover, hie pse- I sessions were simply those of a struggling farmer, his business abeolu'ely nothrbing. I was almost desperate, when one day a tU, il gaunt and aged man stepped into the office. , asked for my employer, sad gave the name ofc Amos Trenowethb. Ob. hoe Ilonmed to kil i him as he stood theyr I And how little did bhe guess that the clerk of whom he took no more notice than of a astone, would oae day strike his deecendante off the fae of the e*rth and inherit the wealth for which he had sold his soul-the great Ruby of Ceylon ! SMy voice trembled with hate as I an- I noonced him and showed him into the inner room. Then I closed the door and listened. He was uneasy abaut his widl-the tool- and did not know has all his possessions would neocasarily becime bro eon's. In my heart I laughed at his ignorance; but I learnt enough-enough to wait ptioently frye.rs, and tinally to track Ezekidi Trenoweth to his death. ' It wa about this time that I fell in love. In this as in everythlngthrough life I have been cursed with the toulest lock ;: but in this as in everything else my patience has won in the end. Laucy Luttrell loved another man called Railton-John Railson. He was another fool-yon are all fools--t abe h married him and had a daugoter I wonder if onu can guaes who that daughter was ' Be broke off and looked at me with fiendish ma?lee. 'You heaund I' I cried.' * she was Janet Rtailton--Clire Luttrell; and you murdere·d her father as you say Amos Trenoweth murdered yours.* Right.' he answered, coolly. Quite right. Oh, the ats by whIch I enticed that, man to drink and then to crime I Even now I-could sit and laugh over ahem by thehoar. Why, man, tibse was not a touch of guleSi r thei fllow when I soak him in hand, ran' yet it was he that afterwards took roar father's life. He tried it oce in Bombsy ansd bangled it sa?ly ; he did it nealy enough, 1 'hough, on the jibboom of the Balle Fortune. Ilent him the knisfe; I would have dne it: myself,. bat Railton was nearer; and besides a it is alwayse better to be a witness.' ., What was that ruotling sound behind the I partition ? Colliver did na t hear it, at any I rate, bhot went on with his tale, add thougnh is eyes were dancing flames of hate his oire was cslm now as ever. 'I had stolen half tshe Clasp beforehand from th- cabin floor where that stupendoeus idiot, Ezekiel trenoweth, had dropped it. Railvon taught him before he dropped, but I did not know he had time to get tbhe box away, for just then shoe wrve broke over a us, and before the next we both jufmpe for she Rock I harhtuthat Rallt,., must have been euacke~L back, for I only olair on myself 'y thie luck'e.a chance. o whor pitob dark and impossible to see. I callsed ie name, hat he either could not hear for the roaer, or did not choo'e t,' asewer, so after. a bit I ssopped. I thought him dead, and hes no doabt th;uthbt me dead, until we met upon Dead Man'sI Rock. SShsll I 6nish Oh' .ee, oe shll hear the whole story. Afier the oiquest I oe aped hu_ k to Plymothb, told Locy tha he?r has. hand bad been drowned ates,; sad Basily persaded her to leave:. Plymouth and mavry ms. So triumph?tseetse, teoo o. ye. I havatrumphed thmrnghouL, . 'You hound 1l' cried. IHe lanied lo p? oal luog andt ent on asslo with you Tmnowethe, and that ls anouh for me. Three times have I bad you in my r pbeiib dlMr. no·tiin eth-.she agia at _?j d[Y's Rook .ipss I bid item on Sye a .ross ea aas? eat was.toped b I hase cursed fshermem. Idiot'that they I were bey thoaght she sighe i of a had frightened you and. mdeo, pou fint, Faint I Your would have been dead in anobther half minute. How I laughed in my sleeve while shat uncle of yora ie stling to make me Sn.derstand_,-me-what was my name then ? oh. ay, GQeorgioaRbodojanl. Hawever,you . escaped that me; ;and once moreyou hardly guessed how near you were to death, when I looked in at the window an the nisght after the iquoet. Why, i my mind I wee toinge up whether or not I should murder you and I your whise faced mother. 'I should have done so. bug thoeght you might hold some SIt be any satisfacton to on,' I te then you would never have lai baernd on that Clasp yonder, you areweloom to it." ' . It t.' he answered. ' I am glad I did not kill you both; i leftur mother time to se e her dead huebas d, and has given me the pteasure of killing you now ; he treat im. proves with keeping.: Well, l me go oo. I After this I wi torced to leave the country I for sm tinse-a---'. 'For no.her place of villainy, which your wife discovered.' 'How do on know, that?' Oh, from t Claire, I esuppoce; however, It doer not matter. When I came back I fo tonno, found you, and truck again. But again my cureed luck stood int my way, and that \---- friend of gomre knooked me eeeahlee. Look at tl mark on my cheek.' : ' ' Look at the Clasp and you will e wher your blow was struck.' 'Ab. that.was it, was it!' he said, ex ti samining the Chap slowly. I suppoe you a thouaht it lurky at the time. "S it was-r--or mea For. though I made another miatake in f the fog that night, I got quite with ' our i friend at any rate :I have chafed .ofuten a enough at tsse.fail?du, but ft has allt-ooe eight in the wad, -es. sate h a . be" illed a your father upon Adam'e Peak ; but he was i a big man, while I had no piesol and could g not afford to risk a mistake. Everytling, they say, comes to the man who can att. S Your father dtd not escape, neither will 8 you, sad when I think of thejoy it wee tome h to know that you and Claire, of all h people--' Bat I would hear nomore. Mad as I was b wish Shame and horror for my grandfather's a cruelty, I knew this man, notwithstanding p his salk of revenoe, to be a vile and treacher* o one scoundrel. So when he spoke of Claire I baure f?oreb 'Dog. tn is enough I Ihave listeoned to si your tale. But woen you talk of Claire- tl Cla?re woom you killed to night-then, dog, 1I i epit upon you; kill me, nod I hope she ti treasure may caree you as it has cursed me; p kill 'me; ase your' knife, for I WILL a abhout-' c With a dreadful snarl he was on me and a smote me across the face. Then as I con-. tinued to cell and shout. struck me one f, fearful blow beaind the ear. I remember r, that thb dim lamp shot out a streak of blood- I1 red flame, the cabin war lit for one brief a instaut with a flash of fire, a thousand lights a darted ont, and then-then came utter black- f, ness-a vague sensation of being caught up p and carried, of plunging down-down. CHAPTER XI. AND LAST. ' TELLS HOW AT LAST I FOUND t1I REVEOGE AND TIlE GREAT RUar. c 'Speak-speak to met Oh, look up and b tell meyou are not dead.' b Down through the misty defiles and dark gates of the Valley of the Shadow of Death E came these words faintly as though spoken a far away. So distanl did they seem that my eys opened with vague expectation of aothe world ; opened and then wearily cloeed agaie. I For at first they etared into a heaven of duel grey, with but a shadow between them i and celonrlese spare. Then they opened ii once more, and then the shadow caught their attention. What was it? What was I, and f how came to be staring upward eo? Ilet o "the problem be, and fell back into the easefl o lap of nrconsciouanessu, Then the voice spoke again : a ' He is living yet,' it said. ' Oh, if he I would but speak I' I This time I saw more distinctly. Two s eyes were looking into mine-a woman's g ares. Where had I seen that face before? g Surely I had known it once in some other world. Then somehow over my weary mind o stole the knowledge that this was Mrs. r Lastrell-or was it Claire No, Claire was t dead. ' Ul.ire dead !' I seemed to repeat to myself; but how dead or wnere I could not recall. 'Claire dead I' then this must be her q mother, and.I,Jasper Trenoweth, was lying t hre. witrhClaire' mother beading overme. b How tame we so? What had happened, that -rnd rose tsoe tha s oaew. oa oblivion awept down and enfolded me. oi She was still there, kneeling beside me, a chafing my hands, and every now and l then epeaking words of tender eolicitude. How white her hair was I It need not to it beeo white astbie. And whre was I lying? I Inc boaho How my head was aching I l Then remembrance came back. trangeto b tell, it began with Claire'e death in thte theatre, and thence led downward in broken a and interrupted train until Colliver's face suddenly started up before me, and I knew h all. I raised myself on my elbow.- My brain was tbr,bbing intolerably, and every paul- o tion seemed to shoot fire into my temples. Also other' bands of firs were clasped about n my arms and wrists. So acutely did they I burn that I fell back with a low moean and looked helplessly at Mrs. LuttrelL o Alshoneh it had been anowing, her bonrer a was thrust back rom her face and hung by a its ribbons which were tied beneath her chin. The breeze was playing with her di-- c ordered hair-hair now white as the enow- C filhes upon is, though grey when last I had seen it-but it brought no colour soher s face. Ae the bent over me to place her c shawl beneath my head. I saw that her blue t eyes were trangely bright and prominent. b 'Thank God, you mae alive I 'Doe the t bandage pain you t Can oiu move ! g I feebly pat my hand up and felt a hand. kerchief bound round my head. ' was araid-oh. so aruid I-that I had been too late. Yet God only knows how I got down into your boat-in sims-and with. g out his seaing me. ' I kew what he would do-I was liatealog behind the partlton all the time; but I was afraid he would kill a you first.' ' The--you beard ' 'I heard alL Oh. if I wereoly a man but can yeon stand? Are yet better now! For we mst los no timi ' I I weaklt tiered st her in aneer. - * Don't po Ise ? If yen an ILand and walk, as I pray you rae, there is no time to be lost. Morninr is liready breaking, and by this evening yoamuet eatch him;n' * Catch him ! ' Yes, yes. He hie oue--gone o catch the fine tra' for Ourowall, and will be at Deed Man's Reock tonight Qaleok I see if you anot rie.' Itat up. The waterbhe dripped from me,'forming a erect pool ert our end of ihe bot I. it the u skueeling, and beide her la? a heavy knife and the cords with which Slmon Collver had bound me. * Yese.I ald, * I wil follow. When does the firsttraio leavePaddington ? t r, te,-t 0.· shelo answered,' It a now ebout h-tl pst. -..'o? havet'ime to catch it; but enet disguise yourself first. He will travel by .t; there is no train before. Come, let me row yoa .shors.' With this ses untied the painter, got oat the scaulls, set down upon tethe thwart oppo. sie0 and began to pull desperately for thore. I wondered at her strength and skill with the 'Ah, she said, ' l ees at what yon are wondering Remember that I we ailor'e wife once, and waihout strenth ho shouldd I have draged you on board thie boat ' S ow did yon mane etr? ' I eannt tell. I Oly know that I heard Septah asu Irwaitd noder the bhowe there. and hen began with my hands so fend the1 boat arouno the otlaoner firc dear life. I ibad to be very silent; & rcat I enao'd ew nothing, for it was dark towards the shore; boa I cried to Heave., to parpe you for ven eanrce oon that man, and then t w some thin, blatk lying aeros she WrSp.,ad hose it Ia yeon. I gav a- atong push, tien rmshed .to the e bows ad tMaht ye bo the har. I got you ound bythslo thean cogently u ,I Mcould. and" then "prule a oan oa Ssaehow- anorneot fmaieher t esil howI I 'Didh aesuo t-r.. I 'N, for he muest have eols below directly. t ought I hesd himu nel tng hem byame H must haie forgotten" andI then-auddnill 'remembered t, as yet " hadaunt r g've him Ithe mocs. Ho'wererpreaeui I eard hiee I getting. into.his hbouat-sdemoias eeo.. He i came quite dos to ut-so .emit .the L .onld Shear him carelel, and wuched down inmhe ah shadw for lea of my life.' "lit e 1,iaed c O and Iot out at the step? yode. It was mrnowing at the time, and that helpel me. e si ,4s two isi llnce, and S' Was on wI e in ...e abln tetein r, I wau liitenieg, At ne pOint I. Shllok X.at barn fainted ; bt it caneot pave be. forl' still talking about John Bailto.. SI renember the eduud'whiht I had ieard and almost in spite of myslf skd, ` Yu h·do a ' y gel . oni 'Oiarte! Yeas I heard.' She nodded simplr but her eyes aght minea in a them war a wglee'iat mney sae et. l .Jut tihe.thboet edrate sidiog liaot of stirrma emonted wih re one to higa eater an endovered noewiths now. She made fast the mosTe sou ofonteo 'This was the wsay iie en he re muttele *Trackt h, rnk a to has dernh spura hi no ile to · tmake thatI death miserable,' Ht l.iglce poeitivelytrembled w with concentrarted hate. 'Sty,' she said, ' have yoo money ' Ssouddenly remembered that had gIven al the money a me to Beguoal for gtting out my bletshed told ha so. At the same moment, too, I thought upon the tin box p still lying under the boat's stern I stepped t eft and polled os out. i SHere i money,' she said; 'money that Ie was to have lihven hi Fifty poind ih t ie c in notes. Teke it all.' 'Beutyol?' I hersiated. ' Never mind e. Tlake it-take it ail. i What do I want with moneyl if a youont?l bi I bentandkiesedherhhad: A'.a BoHve is my wloess,' I., d, d tah$ll' behi life aors mie. The soulofons of, us I sall never see to-morrow.' 0 He hd ws cold as ice, and hat ple face a neverhoanged. I Kill ham,' she maid, simply. ' I I turned, sad climbed he steps. By this time day had broken,' and the east was streaked with sangn flushes of crimson. Thel iund swept through my dripping clothes and to froze my sicing l-lma o tohe manow. Up !' the river came fleting a hesavy pall of ftog, h out of which the ma ts showed like, grity a arietonui The snowo storm ban non quite t aused, nel ar ory dsaeo o two came bruse tag across l.,ace. So dawned my Chrlstma a As I gned the top, I turned to look down. She was still standing there, watching me. q Seeing me look, she waved her arms, on I a heard her hoarse whisper, ' Kill him Kill him I Kill him I' in I left her standng so, and turned away; n but in the many ghosts that haunt my solitary dare, not the least vivid is the phantom of this whi eohaired woman on the P ol.ck and eilent river, eternlly beckoning, 'Kill him I' 1 I found myself in at yard strewn with 0 timber, esprs and refuse, halt hidden beneath the snow. ro it flight of rickeyston one stps led to a rotting door, and thence into the street. Here I stood for a moment, m pondering on my next stOp. Not a soul was abroad so earl; but I must quickly get a t change of Clothes somewhere ; a present I stood in my torn dresros trousersand soaked h shirt. I passed up the street, my shoeless i feet making the first prints in the newll. fallen snow. Toe firot? No; for when I looked more closely I saw other footprints, e already half obliterated, leading up the P street. These must be Simon Colliver's. I followed them for about a hundred yards past the shattered windows, l Suddenly they turned into a shop door, y and thlen seemed to leave it again. The shop was closed, and above it hung three b bras balls, each covered now with a seowva cap. Above, the blinds were drawn down, ut on looking again, I saw a chink of light between the shuttsrs,-I knocked. After a short pause, the door was opened. A red.eyed, villainoeus face peered out, and p seeing me, grew blank with wonder. ' What do you want ?' inquired at lenglh the voice belonging to it, 'To buy r fresh soit of clothes. See,ll I have fallen into the river.' Muttering something beneath his breath, the pawnbroker opened his door. and let me into the shop. n It was a dingy nest, fitted up with the usual I furniture of such a place. The one dim 0 candle threw a ghostlrlight on chairs. clocks, compasses, trinkets, saucepans, watchee, d pilse of china, and suat of left-off clothes arrayed like rows of suicides Idong the wall. A general air of decay hung over the den. b Immediately opposite me, a I entered, a stuffed parrot, dropping slowly into dulstL glared at me wish one malevolent eye of b glnas, while a hideous Chinese idol, behind the counter, poked out his tongue in a frenzy t of malignity. But my eye wandered put c these, and was fixed in a moment upon some. thing that glitteaed upon the oounter. That something was my own watch. Fol:oI?lg my gaze, the man gave me a quick, sospicious glance, hastily caught up toe watch, and was bestowing it on one of i shbelves, when I said- 'Where did you get that?' h 'Qese ts.ea? '-bhr.-z s-ear. i'oeiha b It ol a gentleman who come in jilst now, and It would not paw it. I thought it was hi. so d the. if yos belong to the Force I hope--' "Gently, my friend," said I ; ' am not c in the police, so youea need not be in such a fright. Neverthles, that watch is miane ; I can tell you the number, if you don'td believe it.' He pushed the watch acroes to me. and a said. still greatly frllghtened- h 'l oam sureyou may ee it, sir, with att my i heart. I wouldn't for worlds-' What did you give for it? p He hesitrated a momant, and then, as greed overmastered fear, replied 'Fifteen pounds, sir and the man would not take a peony lers. Fifteen good pounds I I swerrit, as Iam alive!' Alth,,ugh I saw that the man lied, I drew out three five-pound notes, laid them on the e table, and took my watch. This done, I s?id--. 'Now I want you to sell me a suit of i clothes, and aid me. to disguise myeel It Oherwiee--' 'Don't talk, sir, about "otherwislle." I'mli sore I shall be only a too glad to rig you ot to catch the thief. You can take your pick of ,he suits here; they are mostly seamen's, to be sure ; but ou'll find others as well While, as for disguies,I flatter myself for s getting up a fat---' . Bare he stopped sddenl,y SHowloblhbahe been oT !i1 About hltf ? hour beforaoutne. But Biu nodoubt yon know wherehs'd be likely to go; and. I won't be more than twenty ] minutes etting you completely so rights.' In loe than half an bour aftwerw de I stepped out into the street so completely " disguised that none of my friends--that is tif I hd possessed a friend to the world-would I bahe recognied me. I had chosen aelilor' suit, that beig th charactir I knew myielf I bat able to eustlde. My pale face bed turned to a bronrterd, while over its Imoothly-. shaven surfacs now grew the roushet of untrimmed beard. Sow was fatling il so that Colliver's !ootprints were entirely|. obliterad. But I wanted them no longer, Heowould be at pl'ddanton, [knew; ;and aceordingly I tmired my feet in that dlreo-I_ tios, and waled rapidll yweward., My chas had begun. I had before me plenty of time in which to reash Paddiago'a, I and the an rtie of walkhin did me eood. reaxing my seiffenedi limbs until at length I surcelyl felt tshe pain of the weals whets the cords had cut me. It was nmwaine sealeteatly, hut I hardly noticed aS Throulh the chll eand sulu? manionlg I held doggedly lurel wra, Past Sr:Kathuine's Wba-f: the Tomer ,thomush G.aceuhurch trt, end out into St. Pal'sa Charchyard. Trafic was dleady begininn here, and thickened as I passed down Lualgasa Hill a and cltmbed up to Holeoro. Already the whtie snow as being churned and tLrodden ito hideous slush in which mi feet iUpped end stumbled. :My coat oad esilors cap were covered with powdeo S shea. and I had to hold my head down for fear lest the driltion molsture ahoo:d wash any of theI couring off my face, So my feet carried me once mne into Oxford stree ow well remembered was every hous, every lm p'tt, every flag of the pavementalmost I I wa en my last quost now. 'To-night I to-oight I' w1hilsr?rd an heart; then came bak the words of Claire's mouher-' Kill him . Kill hi. 1' sad still I tramped westward, as westward ly my Suddnly a halnlom cab shot past. It came op llently· on the slushy mtlet. and ir was only when It was lona behind thMt I bard the muffled sMund of its wheels. It we early yet for eala, so tbat Iturnedmny headateheoun d Itplaedidinflrnah,aald ave me but a glimpe of the occuant a ti pairf ar.ean ke an- that my.une would not he invin. Theyw.re the.eyes ofsimo P?nCliver. ". .'.. . ' asoreed by theOehn atum'.9 tat had aiu thd my owa fae. aid iceto thec-asua.eye ear·n edmrebuia ." sse could h1 chan' tboe mlrrvll ues. a?m d, I ! ,_ thmanain inetiut iyhI r h at _.: W11d" fIegamomentl-my aad were cige . a *Y.. tOeet sht tilght; bitthe net I was on ra ci0siazeun, 