Then and Now. A few months ago, Sam Griffith used to jerk back ! his head, dilate hiB nostrils with scorn, and trumpet forth defiantly—" Newspapers ? What do I care for the newspapers P I never read 'em," Now, however, this is all changed. First of all, Sam began to care for newspapers so much that he bought a big share in the Brisbane Telegraph, and started to help to try and ruin M'llwraith in print. Ha, ha ! Next he discovered that there was a Central press Agency somewhere or other, conspiring against his character, (The ghost of Diogenes has been Been out late at night looking for Sam's character,) Now, he is a humble correspondent to a lot of papers—the Brisbane Courier, the Telegraph, and the Sydney Daily Telegraph. Sam Griffith whines to the latter paper because it whipped him for his Imperial ism, and he again has a vision of sou*? ghostly con spiracy against him, for he yelps:—" I fear that you have been made one of the many victims of some persons in this colony who systematically follow the practice of from time to time sending false information about myself to the neighboring colonies, where it obtains publication, and is then reproduced in Queensland as the public opinion of New South Wales or Victoria, 1 have frequently had occasion, both in Victoria &nd; in Queensland, to complain publicly of this system of misrepresentation. The statements are usually such as would not be fathered by any respectable paper in this colony." > floo-whup! You can't do it, Sammy. You can't j make believe that the whole > Prose - except your own siokening, lickspittle, pecuniarily interested > Queens- j land rags—are in conspiracy against you. That i game is played > out. The Sydney Daily Telegraph bluntly replies to Sam, on his public > actions, and condemns him mercilessly. ! Dear Sammy, you must think an awful lot of your self to suppose for one moment that you're worth conspiring against. It a bladder like you, rotting and made weak with its stagnation of fiye years of the foulest gases, can't be pricked without a con spiracy, theu the pen of the satirist au4 of the critic is indeed blunted. You foolj You've had a good inniDgs—a bad inniigs for the people—of the most shameless humbqg and hypocrisy; do you suppose you're clever enough tp deceive the world for ever ? Bo you suppose that people are such irremediable fools as to permit you to keep on humbugging them, after you haye been found out time after time? And after they have begn plundered pud taxed and harassed and ruined by reason of yo^jr maladminis tration ? There is but one step from the sublime to the ridiculous. There is but one step from the most uoscrupuiouB audacity of cleverness, to the shallow est pitfall of blind folly. You've made that st§p, bam ; you've made that step. 