THE CENTENNIAD. (By ' Ingoldsbt's ' Ghost.) Oh ! for a harp of a hundred strings ; A Pegasus with a hundred wings j A hundred Muses to inspire, Each with a hundred tongues of fire ; A hundred everything, in short, Of the best poetical first-class sort, (Including, of course, a hundred beers), For I sing the song of a hundred years Something like a song, you'll grant, Sirs, when Homer himself but sang of ten. No doubt to sing always for nothing is hard, But where, O ! Australia, where waa your bard j In the recent festivities, Oh ! where your Nativity's Native- born poet to show your proclivities Are. not solely for things of the earth very earthy, Beef, mutton, wool, gold, or even things ' mirthy' The banquet, the ballroom, the race-course, the 'ring;' Oh ! where was your poet your true self to sing ? Alas ! he sleeps who should have sung Australia's golden birthday's song ; Sleeps by the solemn sea, where long The mists of silent ages hung, Or thro' the land, ftill sweet and strong, In clarion notes that song had rung. He should have lived this joy to see Of the fair land he loved so well, ? Lived the brave history to tell Of her first wondrous century, Then, with e'en bolder, prouder swell, Declare the glories yet to be. Australia's first-born son of song, Not fated this fair day to see, One note of thy sweet minstrelsy (Wishing thy present peace no wrong) To celebrate her Jubilee, Were worth the whole gay, gaudy throng. ' Good heavens !' I hear them exclaiming, ' Oh ! blow it, Why make such a fuss for the want of a poet ? Weren't these swells of all sizes her glory to spout it, And lots of reporters to tell all about it ?' Which reminds me at once That I must be a dunce, Or have lately been dining too often at Guns ler's, so far to have wandered away from my story, Which is simply to sing all tho splendour and giory Of the wonderful week which we call the Cen tennial, But would some of us much rather wish the perennial— That is to say, Some other day, Just now 'tisn't quite convenient to stay ; For strange to say just as I felt the afflatus Beginning to come, 'stead of bone placatus, As I fully expected, as savage as creditor, TJp sprang from his chair, with a ruler, the editor, With a very polite but most pressing request On this topic that kindly I'd give him a rest. 'You see,' said he, ' A Centennial spree Is far too much of a good thing for me. So 'stead of a song let's give it three cheers, It can't come again for a hundred years !' For the Nursing Sisters. — On Monday eve ning a lantern entertainment, varied by a con cert, in aid of the Petersham Children's Hospital, conducted by the Little Company of Mary, was given by Mr. John Bridge at the New Masonic hall. There was a numerous attendance. The programme opened with a series of interesting views the subjects of which were mostly En glish. Three songs were then given and fresh views were shown at intervals during the remainder of the evening. The apparatus used was of the first order, and the views coming out on the screen clearly and effectively called forth warm applause. The musical part was well rendered, and the artists engaged met with a good recep tion. Among those who took part were Miss Adele Severn, Miss Stafford, a lady ^amiteur, Messrs. Fred Leston, G. F. Jackson, P. J. .Barrett, and W. P. O'Halloran. Miss Fannie NowJan acted as accompanist. His Grace the Most Eev. Dr. Carr, Archbishop of Melbourne, and Dr. Corbett, Bishop of Sale (Victoria), paid a brief visit to Bathurst last week. They were received at the railway station by the Eev. P. Eiordan. In the evening tho distinguished ecclesiastics visited St. Stanislaus' College, and on the following day they paid tho Convent of Mercy a brief visit. From tho Bathurst Eecobd we learn that their Lordships were highly pleased with all they had seen, and expressed their regret that prior engagements prevented a longer stay in the western city. In proposing the toast of ' Our Country and its Centenary' at Bathurst on Saturday, Mr. John Meagher suggested that, to mark the Centennial period, there should be erected over Daniel Henry Deniehy's grave a monument worthy of his original genius. Poor Deniehy was unques tionably in his day the brightest of our Irish- Aue- tralian Catholics. The new schools of the Brothers of St. Patrick at Eedfern, which have just been erected at a cost of .£1200, were on Sunday afternoon blessed and opened by Cardinal Morag, 