Chapter XVI. Nancy was full of news, whon she un dressed mo, of all the household. ' But did. you ever. soo any one look so ill as Miss Wynn, ma'am ?' sbo said, at lust. 'I don't think sho does much credit to Doctor Tressilian. ' Why, what has Mr. Tressilian to do with her looks ?' I asked. ' Well, he attends hor, and he has boon to soo hor ovory day regular ever since we loft, roplicd Nancy. Every day to seo Dorothy, and yet she had said sho was and had been quite well ! What could it mean ? Every day while I had been bis guost, and he had only twico or three times, at the most, asked mo if I had any messago for PJas Madoc, as ho was going to see Dorothy! What could bo the meaning of tho mystery which hung over his inter course with his cousin ? I was utterly wretched, for suspicions that I could not drive sway fillod my mind. ' Perhaps Mr. Tressilian came here as a friend, not as a doctor,' I observed to Nancy, ' I don't think so, ma'am. Nost had to lake hot water to Miss Wynn's room, and to borrow brandy of Evans the butler.' ' Extraordinary !' I murmured to myself. ' Why should Dorothy hido that she had boon ill from mo V It was strange and untruthful. When Dorothy and I met the next day, I could not help being cold and distant in my manner, for I detested the mystery she made of everything. Sho probably perceived the change and the constraint of my words and looks, for sho again withdrew from us and kept to her own rooms, whero I no longer sought her. The days passed on, gloomy and depress ing as were my own thoughts. Christmas came at last — a bitter, stormy black Christmas. We had seen Frank frequently, but I could not help being cold in manner to him also ; and he had been infeotfld by it perhaps, for ho no longer sought to win my attention as of old. It. was anything but a merry Christmas, for neither I nor Douglas was in good'spirits. Wo had given liberal bounty to the poor — blankets and meat and coal — and I had found some consolation in such charities ; but still we were sad and dull. Douglas had invited Frank to dino and sleop on Christmas Eye, and to spond Christmas Day with us, and I had invited Dorothy and Sister Bride. The latter had declined, and, as it (snowed heavily on Christmas Evo, we did not oxpect that Frank would be able to koop his engage ment, as'; the mountain-roads would bo very unsafe. It appeared theroforo that Douglas and I would bo alone on tho great festival. I was sitting in my boudoir, thinking rathor dismally about tho doubts and troubles which had beset my youth in my now homo, whon I was startled by a shrill cry, a most unearthly soreara. I sprang up and cried — 1 Douglas I Douglas I' Ho was by my sido in a momont, for tho library-door botwoon us was opon, ' Did you hoar it P' I gasped. ' Hoar what p A faint shout from tho villago?' ' Oh, no I 'A ory— a torriblo cry J' ' I heard somothing like a ory far away,' ho said, looking puzzlod. ' Dear Imogen, how you [tremble. Surely that far-off noise could not have alarmed you ?' 'But it was close here,' I gasped. 'It seemed in the next room.' 1 1 was in the library, dear ; I did not hear it. Come with me, and sit by the fire in my room ; you are nervous again,' Genie ;' and ho drow me tenderly in*o tho library. I sank into the easj'-chair which he pnllcil up to tho side of tlio fire, ami sliuddereii. '' My dear,' he said, ' the sound probably rame from tho servants' winy or was one borne on the wind from tho rillngo You nre nervous, and your ; imagination conjures up Mho ghosts and strange cries.' ' indeed they aro only too real,' I rejoined, sadly. ' This house is full of mysteries and horrors.' 'I wish,' he exclaimed, with some bitter ness, ' that we had never seen it !' ' You do, Douglas V *' Yes -ve havo both lost our happiness here, Genie,' he said, mournfully. ' MySiright little sister — a very embodiment of spring has — grown sad, nervous, oppressed with super stitions fears and dim suspicions; and I ? ' He paused, and sighed deeply. ' Dear Douglas,' I said^crcepiug close to his side, ' let us go homo. This place is not homo. Let us us go back to our sunny cottage in quiet, Bedfordshire.' ' Do you really wish it?' he asked gazing at me earnestly and with some wonder. My reply was prevented by a ring at the hall-door, which made my heart beat and mj' cheeks flush. I knew at once who it must bo — Frank como through tho snow and gloom to see me, or, alas, Dorothy ! I could have answered the question to our mutual satisfac tion two minutes afterwards, when Frank's eager eyes met mine and his hand clasped my trembling fingers. ' This \i very kind of you,' said Douglas as he shook hands cordially with Tressilian ' We did not expect that you would venture here through tho storm.' ' I am like Tony Lumpkin,' I can't abide to dissappoint myself so here I am, my dear fellow.' And then his glance and smilo rested on me, and told me as plainly as glance and smile could that it was for my sake he had dared a snow-storm in tho mountains. My spirits rose, and I forgot my late fright, till Douglas said— 1 On your road hither, Tressilian, did you indulge in an Australian cooey ? I know you can give that far-rosounding cull.' '11 No !' I was bo nearly choked by the wind I could not have uttered one if I had tried. What made you think of such a tiling ?' ' Imogen hoard some wild cry, and I had to bring her in here nearly fainting with fright.' Frank Rooked groatly concerned and, I thought,very grave and thoughtful. After a pause he said — ' 1 hoped Miss Ashton's nerveB had rc coverd their tone.' ' And so they have,' 1 exclaimed, eagerly. ' But i really did hear a most unearthly scream.' ' That of the whito owl probably,' he said with a smilo. ' It is a very uncanny cry.' I smiled, and allowed that it might have been. ? My spirits and courage might have with Frank Tressilian's cheery presence. Soon after the dressing-bell rang, and we parted for tho due performance of our toilet duties. When I descended to tho drawing-room again, dressed in black velvet and and scarlet bows, and with a wreath of holly in my hair in honour of tho day, only Douglas was there. Ho explained that Frank had gone to wish his cousin a happy Christmas ; ' and,' he added, colouring a little, ' I have told him to try to persuado hor to join us.' For his sake I hoped he might — not for my own. Dinner was announced, but still Frank did not appear. At last Douglas sont one of tho sorvants to hurry him, lost tho fish should bo spoiled. Thon he camo hurriedly, bringing thanks and excuses from Dorothy who was not, he said, to be persuaded, and wo went in to dinner. It was a cheerful meal, though nt times 1 thought Frank was a little absent and looked anxious ; but that might have been only fancy. Douglas ordered tho dessert to ho carried to the library, and proposed, out of kindly consideration for my nervous fears no doubt, that wo should adjourn thither togother, and that I should not leave them to their wine. So round the ruddy blaze we sat and chatted, cracked our walnuts and sipped our port. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 