A LEGEND OP OMEO. (CONTRIBUTED.) IN Omeo some years before "Tho Claimaut" went to England, there lived a digger who wont by the name of u Ballarat Hurry." Dr. Fisher, now dead, was a man competent to judgo, and he said that 11 Harry " was an educated man, and ono who had been in good society, and that he " BpoUo Litin and Crouch correotly. Harry was very reticent-, and, would not tell any thing of his past life, save when drunk, and then ho would say that hotvvecn him and a fortune there were some lives, hut it might he that ho would get hi* »i.'bts, and then he would remember his frienda. At the same time and pheo thcie lived, nnd now lives, a mau named 4" Tom Tokt*," « convicted felon. Ho had been tried for murder, but got ulear, v for want of evidence. Harry and Toke went' prospeoting, aud Toke returned alone. When asked whore Harry was, he said that he was coming, but Harry never came. A >. search party found Harry's hat on the bauk of a mountain creek, now called "The Haunted Stream in the hat was a cut into which Toke's tomahawk fitted. He was arrested and tried for murdering the missing nmn. Tho trial lasted nine months, but Harry's body was never found. There are men liviug now who say they have seen Hrry's ghost goiug over a precipice near wl' ere tho hat was found; hence the name " Haunted Stream." Toko, when drunk, bus been heard to say that when he died the Tichborne mystery would be known, and not till then. He has now ceased to drink, for the reasou that ho was afraid of confessing too much. He is now a very old man, ana has beeii twioe so ill that be did not think he,; could live till morniug. When aBked by the ' lY?" men with him if he (Toke) murdered Harry he said that was best known to him self and God. It is known that Tom Castro, *' The Claimant," knew Harry, and was very intimate with him. Toke ho also knew. A man in Melbourne, who knew them all, found tho money to take Castro to England, and Cas'ro's failure ruined this man, a private detective. There are many other circum* stances forgotten by the writer that make.it probable that Harry was Sir Roger. Many of the old mountain men believe it. This is an old.digger's story, by ono whoknew ail the, characters in this tragedy. 