LITERATURE. It Will Never Do to be Idle. [The following paper is an extract from a very remarkable book published in, 1837, entitled ' Self-Formation ; or, the ' His tory of an Individual Mind. By a Fel low of a College.' The author (who is now dead) was the son of Mr Capel Loff t, who had the merit, in 1800, of introduc ing Robert Bloomfield to the public as the author of ' The Farmers Boy. The father of the writer of ' Self-Formation ' acquired historical notoriety by haying, as a barrister, moved the Court of King's Bench to issue a writ of Habeas Corpus to bring up the body of Napoleon Bona parte, then on board the ' Northumber land.' Tho writ was granted, but the ship had sailed for St. Helena before it was served. 'Self-Formation' did not attract much notice from the periodical dispensers of literary fame; but it has produced a strong impression upon com petent judges of the singular ability, not unmixed with eccentricity, and also the frank earnestness with which the pro gross of ' an individual mind,' from childhood to maturity, is related.] There is a village called Cherry-Hinton, lying wide of any highway, and within two or three miles of Cambridge. Tho footpath to it is crossed midway, or there abouts, by a little brook, and that brook itself, accompanied by a pathway, winds its unambitious way onwaM to the village, through certain rich cornfields and solitary meadows. This was my usual walk, my path of contemplation. From some unac countable neglect it was .very little fre quented, though iu itself as pretty as any out of Cambridge. Sea: cely was it trodden save by a few late and early market-goers, and, haply, now and then a milkwoman. Vilia delectant vulgus ; the dusty footpath, with the chance of. an occasional gossip, was more to the taste of the commonalty than the modest half-worn track, tho verdure, the coolness, the sequestration — in a word, the poetry, of my own choice. I was iu no danger ot interruption by my snortins friends, who would have stared at me in such a spot as if they had seen a ghost, and regarded me ever afterwards as a man under a cloud— as one addicted to strange solitary habits. I remember one day I had racked myself out of all patience in my attempts to over think a subject, to master it by the sheer force of thought. In a state of exhaustion and discomfiture I leant against a gate-post and suffered my sight to rest upon the sur face of the stream, and amuse itself by the objects carried down by it. There was an angle of the bank close by, and I indulged myself some time in the idle speculation whether or . not tho sticks and straws that I saw floating along might chance to double it. My mind was martyred with its distractions, and it occurred to me, by a sudden thought, that here was a way to put an end to them. I marked a particular straw in its descent, and made an earnest vow, that, according as it should pass the promontory or fail to do so, I would persist or not in my thoughtfulness — that, as the straw might rulo me, I would strive on wards through a host of pains and penal ties, : or else retire at once from the contest, and, as the negroes say, ' sit down softly,' content to bo a common man — one of the mere vulgar. My determination was strong at the moment, so strong that I am by no means sure that it was not decisive, that it has not governed my destinies ever since. Well, I watched my pilot-boat as it came down — Fortunam vehis — so I might have apostrophized it in all CiBsaiian dignity. It passed gently on. Here and there it met with an obstruction, but it was onlv for a moment; it doubled the cape — the Cape of Good Hope, as it really was for me. I received the augury with all accept ance, and returned with a light heart. Somehow or other, after this incident, whether by force of it or from whatever cause, I got into a better vein. I abandoned once for all the part of the self-tormentor. I forebore to force myself. I Buffered my mind, like a froward child, to fall asleep, and so recover itself from the excitement of its frowardness.; Instead of hallooing on when I had overrun the scent, I drew back quietly and cannily to the point where I was last sure of it — relegens errata re trorsum — and endeavored to hit it off afresh. I returned from thought to litera ture, from my late hard task-master to my former gentle mistress. ' I read at large. ? I roved about at my. free will in the wido and varied common of our college library, with no other condition than that of com menting in my own mind, as I went along, upou every baok that I might be reading, and every chapter of that book. This was the best reslorutiTO process imaginable. I soon got heart of graco upon it, and re cruited the exhaustion of my spirits. I found it was but loct pains to attempt to add a cubit to my intellectual stature by force of thinking. I took butter counsel, and resigned all euro of my growth to time, pati-ncc mid steady but gentle per severance. ' Chi va piano' say the Italians, ' va Imitano' and 1 soon found that instead of racking mvsolf to no purpose, as I had done heretofore, I was gradually making way and widening my circle. My wayfarings to this village of fruitful, though, 'for any thing that I could ever learn, fallacious entitlement— this villngo with a name that waters on one's tongue, though it keeps not the word of promise to ono's palate— my pilgrimages, I say, thither wore of good account to me through another mere accident. One day, On my return, I was driven to tako shelter from a rain-storm in a little h'vel by tho road-side— a sort of cobbler's stall. The tenant and his son were upon their work, and, after the customary use of greetings, I entered familiarly into talk with them, as . indeed I always do, seeing that your cobbler is often a man of contemplative faculty— that there is really something of mystery in his craft. Before 1 had been with them long, tho old man found that there lacked something for his work, and in order to provide it he sent his son out on a job of some five minutes. The interval was a short one. but it was too long for his active impatience ; he became uneasy, shuffled about the room, and at last took lip a scrap or two of leather and fell to ?work upon thorn. ' JFor,' said he, ' it will *» ntrnii A n ^rrtli Ir r\ ftTTT Q1 1* t'.n lin 1 A 1 0 .; ?Tl'nf at any rate — I should faint away.'; ??'''' ' ' ! I happened just then to be in an im pressible mood, without occupation my self, and weighed somewhat down by tho iWant of it ; accordingly the phrase, the 'odduess of it iu tho first place, and still more the sense, made a deep and lasting impression upon mo. As soon as tho rain had spent itself, I wont my way home ward, ruminating and revolving what 1 had heard, like a curious man over ariddlo. ?I could not havo bestowed r. y thoughts better; the subject concerned me nearly, it went to the very heart of my hirpptiiess. Some people are perpetual martyrs to idle ness, others have only their turns and re turns of it; I was of the latter class — a reluctant impatient idler; nevertheless I was so much within the mischief as to feel that the words came home to me. They stung my conscience severely, they were gall and wormwood for me. Nevertheless, I dwelt so long, albeit perhaps unwillingly, upon the expression, that J became as it were privy to it ; I was in a condition to feel and revere its efficacy; I determined to make much of it, to realise it in use, to dot it out. I I had heard and read repeatedly that idleness is a very great evil; but the cen sure did not appear to me to come up to the real truth. I began to think that it was not only a very great evil, but the greatest evil — and not only tho greatest one, but in fact the only one— the only mental one, 1 mean ; for, of course, as to morality, a man may be very active, and very viciously active too. But the one great sensible and conceivable evil is that of, idleness. No man' is wretched in his energy. There can ' be no pain in1 a fit ; a soldier at the full height of his spirit, and in the heat of contest, is unconscious even of a wound ; tho orator in the full flow of rhetoric is altogether exempt from the pitifulness of gout and rheumatism. To be occupied, in its first meaning, is to be possessed as by a tenant — and see the sig nificancy, the reality, of first meanings. When the occupation is once complete, -when the tendency is full, there can be no entry for any evil spirit: but idleness is emptiness ; where it is, there the doors are thrown open, and the devils troop in. The words of the old cobbler were oracu lar to me. They were constantly in my thoughts, like the last voice of his victim in those of the murderer; my mind was pregnant with them ; the seed was good, and sown in a good soil — it brought forth the fruit of satisfaction. It is the odds and ends of our time, its orts and offals, laid up, qb they usually are, in corners, to rot and stink there, instead of being used out as they should be— these, I say, are the occasions of our moral un soundness and corruption; a dead fly, little thing as it is, will spoil a whole box of the most precious ointment; and idle ness, if it be once suffered though but for a brief while, is sure, by the communication of its listless quality, to clog and cumber the clockwork of the whole day. It is the ancient enemy — the old man of the Arabian Tales. Once take him upon your shoulders, and he is not to be shaken off so easily. . I had a notion of these truths, and I framed my plan after their rules ; I re solved that every minute should be occu pied by thought, word, or act, or, if none of these, by intention ; vacancy was my only outcast, the scape-goat of my proscription. For this my purpose I required a certain energy of will, as indeed this same energy is reauisito lor everv other uood thine o every sort and kind ; without it we are as powerless as grubs, noisome as ditch water, vague, loose, and uupredestinate as tile clouds above our heads. However, I had sufficient of this energy to serve me for that turn ; I felt the excellence of the practice, I was penetrated with it through all my being, I clung to it, I cherished it. I made a point of every thing; I was active, brisk, and animated (oh ! how true is that word) in all things that I did, even to the picking up of a glove, or asking the time of day. If I over felt the approach, the first approach, of tho insidious languor, I said once within mvself. in the next quarter of an hour I will do such a thing, and, presto, it was done, and much more than that into the bargain : my mind was set in motion, my spirits stirred and quickened, and raised to their proper height. I watched the cloud, and dissi pated it at its first gathering, as well knowing that, if it could gjow but to the largeness of a man's hand, it would spread out everywhere, and darken my whole horizon. Oh, that this example might be as profit able to others as the practice has been to myself ! How rich would be the reward of this book, if its readers would but take it to heart in this one article ; if the simple truths that it here speaks could prompt them to take their happiness into their own hands, and learn the value of industry, not from; what they may have heard of it, but because they have themselves tried and felt it ! In the first place, its direc and immediato value, inasmuch as it quickens, and cheers, and gladdens every moment that it occupies, and keeps off the evil one by repelling him at the. outposts, instead of admitting him to a doubtful, perhaps a deadly, struggle in tho citadel ; and again its more remote, but no leas cer tain, value, as the mother of many virtues, when it has ouco grown into the temper of the mind ; and the nursing mother of many moro. And if we gain so much by its en tertainment, how much more must wo not lose by its neglect! Our vexations are annoying to us, tho disappointments of life are grievous, its calamities deplorable, its indulgences and lusts sinful; but our idleness is worse than all these, and moro painful, and moro hateful, and in the amount of its consequences, if not in its very essence, moro sinful than even sin itself— just as the stock is more fruitful than any brunch that springs from it. Iu fino, do what you will, only.do something, and that actively and energetically. Read, converse, sport, think, or study — the whole range is open to you — only let your mind be full, and then you will want little or nothing to fulfil your happiness. ; ? 