THE PORTFOLIO. Besides the manuscripts remaining in our hands in connection with the story- writing competition, we have two new papers to select from, and choose the following this week. We have pleasure in this place in acknowledging the receipt of two copies of a journal published by the girls of the Sydney High School, and called The Girls High School Gazette. The contents consist of articles, poetry, tales, correspondence, school news, criticisms. The writing taken generally is spirited, girlish, and natural, and the tales worthy alike in construction, style, and moral. But the writers, in the three short stories contained in these two numbers in addition to a serial, have invariably made them end dolefully. It is too bad thus to beguile us of our tears. We are sure the Gazette is a source at once of amusement and in- struction to contributors and readers. As to the editors - they are six pupils of the school \- one of the numbers before us gives ap- parent evidence that they are bowed with care ; nevertheless, their work seems cheery enough. The Gazette, issued quarterly, is a paying concern, and from the profits prizes are given for contribu- tions, and the School Library Fund also gets some help. We have been much pleased with the Gazette, and hope the editors (we venture to condemn " editresses") will let us see the journal regularly. Our selection from the portfolio is entitled ONLY A LARK. [By "Addie,"] " Bob, what do you say to a lark ?" "All right, old boy; anything to please you for this once. Then I have finished with those ' larks' of yours. What's on the list now ?" " Why, when I was coining home last night from Mr. Brown's, it was rather late. So, instead of going round the road, I took a near cut, and when near Deano's Gap I saw something standing there as white as snow. I was sure it was a ghost-my word I did get a fright. You may be sure I didn't let the grass grow under my feet going home. When I told them at home what I had seen, that saint cousin of mine only laughed, and said ' Don't be such a coward, Jack : I'll bet sixpence it was only Deane's white cow.' " " Why didn't you call me ; I would like to see a real ghost. What are they like, Jack,-white all over ?'" " You needn't laugh at me, Bertie Long. You will next be calling me a liar.- you have as much as said I am a coward. I'll have it in for you yet." " Now, Jack, old boy, don't bo vexed with me ; but you know I never did believe in ghosts. When I hear or read of people seeing ghosts, I always come to the conclusion that they, being of a nervous disposition, fancy thoy can seo all kinds of things." " It's all very well foi you to talk like this, when you are safe at home. You would not be so brave if you saw what I saw to-night." " Oh, well, Jack, I will go with you to-morrow night ; then we will see what it really is." " AU right," Bertie answered. " Now, Bob, seo this is what I wantyour help for. If we go to-night and there is nothing there Bertie will laugh at me. But if you will only go and dress in something white he will be satisfied." "Yes, all very good, Jack. What time-nine o'clock ?" " Yes, that will do." " But, look here, Jack, before you get too near me you run back for your life. There's no fear but what Bertie will do the same." Ding dong goes the bell, so the boys are marched into school. Poor little Bertie, innocent of the plot being laid for him, Jack delighted to think Bob has consented to be the ghost, and Bob wondering how he can let Bertie know that it is only him, for he thinks what an awful thing it would be to frighten the dear little fellow into fits. He has not a chance to speak to him himself, for Jack does not leave him, so the first thing he does when he goes home is to write the following note and send it to Bertie by his brother, giving him strict orders not to let Jack see it. This is the note : " Bertie, go with Jack to-night at nine o'clock ; do not be afraid if you see anything : it will only be me. When Jack runs away you stay for me. Don't let on I sent this.-Bob." When Bertie received this, ho wondered why Bob had sent it, still he thinks he was very kind to do so. Jack wonders if the time will ever come to go, and whether Bertie will make some excuse and not go at all. At the tea table Bertie suddenly exclaimed : " Well, Jack, what do you say to a trip to Deane's Gap to-night. I am longing to see and hear more of the wonderful ghost. What time shall we go ?" " Nine o'clock, Bertie, if you are willing." "All right ; I'll be ready." " Boys, do you think it is wise for you two to go alone ; I thought you were too frightened last night to go again to-night, Jack," exclaimed Mr. Hyson. " Oh, Uncle, do let us go ; I'm almost dying for nine o'clock to como. I'm sure I won't be frightened-do let us go." " Very well ; have your own way, but don't bo too long gone." " All right, we won't be long, depend upon it. ci- i_ n~_j t_i.;, _ - * « ,*»» bo nere goes. ttooa-Dye until we come back." Jack goes, thinking what a lark he'll have with Bertie. Bertie, what a lark he'll have with Jack. As they reach the gate Bertie complains of the cool night air, and makes an excuse to go back and get an overcoat (Jack little thinks what his intention in going back is). As soon as he opens the door, his uncle looks up sur- prised, and asked, " Back so soon, Bertie ! What's the ghost like ?" No, uncle, I've not been yet. I know what the ghost will be to-night : it is only Bob dressed up. Don't be alarmed if I do not come home. I will be safe .vith Bob. We want to break Jack off playing those stupid larks." Then he hastens back to Jack, and they proceed to the Gap. The night is dark and cold. They stand waiting only a few minutes, when Hertie screams out " Oh, Jack, what's that ; let's run !" " There, are you now satisfied you have seen a ghost?" A tall white object appeared with a light on the top, moving forward and backward, surely enough to frighten anyone. When the boys start off, Jack a little ahead, Bertie stops and goes up to the make-up ghost. He finds two strong arms encircle him, and a gentle voice speaking-" Wait, Bertie, until I take the horrid things off ; then w<j'll go home. Of course you told your uncle you wouldn't be home. I think this will be the last trick Jack will play on anyone." When tl-ft/ reach Bob's home there are tn'o cups of warm milk waiting for them on the table. When they have told their adventure they go to bed, both wondering how Jack feels, and what he thinks has become of Bertie. Soon the last good night is said, and they sleep the sleep of innocence. In the morning Bertie is persuaded not to go to school until dinner time. Bob, how- ever, goes earlier, and asks his old schoolmaster's advice, telling him the adventures of the past night. He thinks it will bo a good plan to keep Bertie away for a while till he sees how Jack takes it. ' Now to return to Jack. When he commen'>ed to mu Duu iciu utniif Mt-iiiuu uu mea tnougnr ne was I afraid, foi had not he said " Let's run, Jack ?" He I is near his home ; still no Bertie comes. He goes back and calls out " Bertie, Bertie, where are you ?" Oh ! what would he do ? He could . not go in without his cousin, yet what was the usp of stand- ing there? It was too dark to look for him. What if he in his hurry had slipped and broken his arra, or leg, and unable to move. Again, the thoughts came to him-what if he was frightened into a fit, and left out in the cold bleal; wind. Ho would be frozen te death. All through that foolish lark of his. But what is-, the use of his staying there-he must go in.;' Perhaps Bertie had outrun him, and was safely inside. As a drowning man clutches to a straw, so did Jack to this one hope. As he opened the door and1 asked if Bertie was home, the answer came slowly and gently : " No, my son, he is not home ; where did you leave him ? What if mischief has befel my nephew. Oh, what shall I do. Didn't I promise hi3 dying father to guide and protect him, andlnow he has gone, perhaps lying helpless, all through one of those foolish larks of yours ? Go to your roora at once ; I will wait a little longer to see if Bertie comes. Go, sir, at once," exclaimed the father,- as he saw Jack hesitate. With a steady step ho did go to his room, but not to sleep. Oh, why had he been so stupid as. to entice Bertie out; if he was found dead in the morning he would he his murderer. He paced bia / I room for an hour or more, unconscious of. tito storm outside, when suddenly going to the window and opening it, the winda seemed to cry out "Lost, lost," the ticking of the clock seemed to re-echo " Only a lark, only a lark." At last, completely worn out, he lies on his bed and falls asleep. In his dreams he sees people carrying a little frail figure up to the house, "and distinctly heard the words " this is the fruits of a lark." The scene is changed : he sees his mother and father watching by the deathbed of his cousin ; he hears them say " this is the fruit of a lark." Once more the scene is changed. He sees his cousin laid low in his narrow bed, taking his lost long sleep. Again he hears the mourners say : "this is the fruits of a lark." Jack is not sorry when he wakes to find the day has dawned. He goes to Bertie's room, but his bed has never been slept is. In the dining room he sees his father, and asks him did Bertie como home. " No, my 3on ; I hope this will teach you a lesson never to play a trick on anyone again. Could you ever forgive yourself if dear little Bertie was brought home dead." "Oh, father, if he is only safe I promise you that I'll never never play a lark on anyone again." Jack goes off to school, hoping to see Bertie there, but he is again disappointed, _ and a little confused when the schoolmaster asks bim where his " Please sir, I don't know ; he was not at home last night." " Where was he, Jack ?" " Oh, sir, if he's safe, I'll never, never, play a lark on anyone again," and then the boy wept bitterly. The kind old master did not disturb him, but presently a hand is placed quietly on his shoulder, and Bob says : " Jack, Bertie is Bafe ; he will soon be here." "What! where, oh where is he ?" " He Btayed with rae last night, Jack. I sin- cerely hope you will never play a lark on any one again. Only for me he might have been frightened to death or driven mad. Bertie knew what the ghoBt waB. I -." " Oh here he is himself," joyfully shouts Jack. " Oh, Bertie, can you ever forgive me ?" "It waa all my fault; I have nothing to forgive Jack." Here the old school-master rose up and said : " Boys, I am sure you will all agree-with rae when I say Bob acted very wisely in foretelling Bertie what he did. And Jack, I am suro, has suffered too much to try another lark. And now boys, take my advise never play such foolish tricks, there is always something else to do. You all know that Satan finds some mischief still for idle hands to do, and instead of having Bertie here with us to-day, we might have been laying him low in the cold grave. And, now as you have all promised never to play tricks upon any one, we will have a half holiday." In response to this, the biys gave three hearty cheers, and made their way to the play-ground. And in after years I am sure Jack and Bertie will never tire in telling you the ghost story, and how well Bob carried everything out for the pur- pose of breaking Jack off playing such tricks. Now, Addie will bid her little friends good-night, trusting they will never play tricks on anyone. If you ever feel inclined to do so just remember, " Only a lark." 