Our Sydney Letter. (from our owx cokhespoxdent.) Wkdnksdat, October 31. Tho death of Mr. Dallcy has cast a 6oinbro tinge over the events of the week. He wns a man for whom almost overy ono had a regard. Free and easy epicureans adored him hocnuse liko them, he made no secret of his intention to enjoy life. Politicians, even those whi most bitterly opposed his policy wero compelled to respect him on account of his commanding ability. He had the rare nnd inestimable gift of being able to move men's wills, and influence l/IIUIL iVILUV.blUII3 t- II VI U liraSUl 11£1IL?- XU II lit I themselves laboriously endeavouring to enlighten their understandings. Of course this only applies to tho ordinary rank and file, and to his own party whose prepossessions wero already settled iu I113 favour. Thorn was a staunch hard headed minority whom hs could never influence, who saw clearly thn flaws in his brilliant devices, and on whom it always devolved, sooner or later, to remedy the mis chief they had caused. But even these while they d strusted the politician, could not but admire the man. He owed his chief power to his bright genial and sympathetic temperament supported by a rare tact and experience of men and of history. No one could leave his presence without feeling that he had, or might hnvo, a powerful personal friend. Nor did his good will and hero. Many instances of his magnanimous gener osity and prompt liberality are spoken of and there nre doubtless many more which will never be known on this side of eternity. A man of such magnetic influence and power and such intellectual ability might, if solely devoted to unscrupulous ambition, have been (is great an enemy to his country as Napoleon Bounnpurtq wns to France. What ho expected from tho military resources of the peoplo, and how little regard ho paid to tho constitutional restraints by which tho activity of those resources is wisely restrained, may be gathered from the history of the Soudan expedition. No difficulties would havo daunted him from forming a conception and a plan, no scruples his pl.'tu into execution. Thu difficulties ho would leave to those who ventured their lives to overcome them, tho scruples to those who felt them On the other hand had he devoted himself to that political life for which ho was so well fitted, ho might have been an active force iu tho regeneration of his country. But so far ns outsiders can rend his character, the same considerations which prevented him from achieving a moio unenvi able distinction than pcrtuius to him as n self-appointed military dictator also preventod him from greatnr achievements in a more laudable direction. lie loved, as I said before, to enjoy life. He onto-od pilitica only wheu the victory had been achieved, and ho could tako his place with acclamation as the cynosure of a triumphant party. Tho toils and vexations of Opposition ho consistently eschewed, still it is given to 110 man to bo per fect, nnd, while truth compels me to endeavour to form an accurate rathor than a flattering cstimato of tho distinguished niiui who has just been removed. I cannot forget that ho was distinguished — that he occupiod n pro minent position in the eyes of his fellows, not by virtue of adventitious circumstances, but by virtue of great endowments, which 011 the whole, wero not unworthily directed. From tho do id to the living is always nn inevitable transition. Among Mr. Dalley's most prominent remaining disciples must ho reckonod Mr. Dibbs, who glories in the in fluence which his departed chief has exercised over his political beliefs and actions. Mr. Dibbs has just been elected leader of tho Opposition. Not that this is any great honour. Ho ivas leader last session, and it wns no uncommon position to find himself without followers. This untoward position was partly duo to his own iinpulsivo waywardness and obstinacy, partly to tho ill-disguised ambitions and bickerings of bis ' supporters,' of whom thero aro at loast six who regard themselves as much hotter fitted for tho chief position than tho gentleman who now occupies it. I don't know that this stato of affairs need bo quite so sovcrcly visited on tho Opposition as it is by tho Press writers on the dominant side. In a state of affairs liko that which obtains at present, when all the prizes go to tbo sup porters of the Government, it takes a man of 801110 strength of mind, and great iudepon donco of character to belong to tho Opposition at at all. And men of bis description, find it ut least as difficult to ngroo with one another as with thoso who aro moro docilo nnd biddable. To do them justico I must say thnt tho Opposition, so far, havo ovinccd no desire to resort to factious obstruction The only delay that has yot boon oxporionced is that which is caused by tho tardiness of tho Government in bringing forward tbo proper business. The session, cim only ba a very brief uho, and ov a singlo day can bn ill spared if the business is to be tran mcteil properly. Evorytliiiiif comei to him who ''nits. At Wollongong the tide seems to havo tnrnod in favour of tho long-suffering licensed victualler. All over the colony ho is threatened with tho operation of a romorselcss Local Option law which is not only intendo I tt liinito his output of manufactured produc's, but to tako away his very means of subsistence. Of course I need hardly explain that in the oyos of tho teetotaller!, tbo 'manufactured product' of the publican is the confimod drunkard. Without stopping to discuss that question I may state that in the pleasant little township aforesaid the rum selling interest is strongly represented in tho Borough Council, nnd it his been doing a little ' local option' on its own account It has secured the passing of a by-law which onacts that in Wollongong, any persons marching through the streets as a musical procession shall bo liable to fino and imprisonment. Nothing to them tint this right was freely conceded in every other town in the colony, cvon in the crowded streets of Sydney. They had their local powers, nnd they meant to uso thorn according to their interpretation of them. For my own part I must say that I think they havo strained thorn to an altogether unjustifiable pitch. I find it very hard to beliovo that it was ever contem plated to nllow municipal magnates, who iu many cases nre ignorant of the first principles of jurisprudence, to pass laws effecting tho liberty of their fellow citizens, even when thev disapproved of their religious belief or proceedings. Still less can I imagine that it was ever intended that the whole parapher nalia of national justice, our police force, our warders nnd our goal*, should cmnplnisontly he nlaced at tho disnosal of nnv form of local bigotry which happened for tho moment to be paramount. Perhaps I mil hardly n reliable guide in this muttor, for I must plead cuilty to a very firm tiolief that if the impris'imnviit of any section of society is 11 panacea for our woes, we should suffer much less from the permanent iuenrceration of ' Brother Bum; ' nnd his best customers than from that nf the .Salvation Army, grotesque and mistaken on many points of practice as I believe them to be. As, however, I hive very little faith in the virtues of imprisonomont iu any case, perhaps this confession of faith is irrcvnlent. Anyhow, the borough Council strained its powers to pass tho by-law, nnd it wns nhly seconded by the civic Solons. Repeated prosecutions brought down the strength of tho recalcitrant Salvationists to two individuals, all the other effective male members being lodged in gaol at the public expense. Of these two one nnrche:l up tho street playing a cor net. Then thoro was only one. Tho per former wns promptly summoned. He thought he had circumvented tho obnoxious law, ns ho triumphantly pleaded that one mini could not possibly bo a procession of men, nnd ns a Sal vationist was never, or at least hardly ever, known to be musical, the presumption wns that he could not bo a ' musical procession.' but tne uencli promptly overruled nun. 110 was 'proceeding,' therefore, said the local luminary, he was a procession. Ho was play ing a cornet, therefore he was a 'musical procession ' — two astounding dicta which might well make the ghost nf Liudloy Murray turn uneasily in his grave — that it is to say if the worthy grammarian is still there, which I don't believn for a moment. What can bo tho intellectual atmosphere of a place where such things are possible is entirely beyond my comprehension, still moro so is the mental and moral condition of a Government which can permit them. 