FIJI AND ThIE FIJI.JAS. This was the title of a lecture delivered by the Rev. Lewis W. Rennison (late of Sava, Fiji), on Monday evening last, in the Presbyterian Church, Heathcote. The reverend gentleman handled his subject in good style, and deserved a far larger audience than accorded him ; but those who did avail themselves of the treat heartily enjoyed the very interesting, instructive, and humorous account of "Fiji and the Fijians." The choir (who were ably assisted by Messrs Trevaskis and Lamble, respective Wesleyan and Episcopalian members) having nicely rendered "There shall be no parting," the chairman, Mr N. Kennedy, introduced- the lecturer in a few well.chosen remarks. Mr Rennison commenced by stating Fiji was a group of islands in the South Pacific, the total ,area being 8,031 square miles. The whole colony was in a miserable condition, and taking into account its size and power, had suffered more from the depression of business than any ether colony on the face of the earth. There were 114,000 natives left, and 2,000 white people, distributed over the principal islands. It was made a Crown colony in 1854, and despite what the" Vaga bond" had said to the contrary, King Thackambaudied achristian. Thescenerywas undoubtedly grand, tropical, with lovely blue say almost continually, and delightful breezes. There were mountain ranges up to 2,000ft., and the country was clothed with verdure to the sea-shore. In the bush the undergrowth was extraordinary, the trees, which were evergreen, being clothed with tangled creep ers, beautifully festooned, and nowhere had he seen such beautiful flowers, but which were very delicate, only lasting a few hours in water. The capabilities of the soil were something wonderful, anything planted with the ghost of life g.rrminating in the soil; and they used to joke and say, "Better plant our umbrellas and we will get a crop." Fences were repeatedly found budding out into beautiful trees. A mulberry cutting, half the length of his arm, was planted by him, and in 2 or 3 months was loaded with mulberries. A cocoanut stuck in the ground came up nicely, and there were 10 chances to 1 that a pineaople core thrown out of the door became a nice tree. The soil was so productive that there was. scarcely any tropical plant but that could be grown, sugar-cane, cotton, copra tree (from which cocoa was made), miaize, rice, banana, oranges. (growing like weeds), .lemons, limes, tobacco leaf, wild apple, pineapple, and nutmegs being men tidae.l, with roots, ya.u, taro, gomala(swcet :pstatti), andbre:ut fruit.. No man nect starve in IC.jit the wciud yam aul Ir -adrfruit. trowing . 'vepi:crr', in.t ari Toriiei:EihIich 'lthere yas more n srnriklhnjnr thali in prit, es i, r rice. There were, .ilt: hi seiy q tntitjty-from. th? `' huge sh.,'k d,own to thle in:nitesihial 'minnomir -but there Was. n.thing so difficeilt as fih tois gtit in. h'iji, owing to the lazinlles of tIhe natives, If some systema:tic style of fishing were adopted a good business could be done, mentioning that the meshdemare lhad brought fromn £90 to £95 per ton, but latterly £75. A sea slug,.not unlike a centipede, was highly of prized by the natives, but strange to say they only cameto the surface of the water twice a 1i year, in April ndul November. A tree grub, tb like a mnaggot-the ugliest thing that ever to he set eyes upon-was a favourite food of amongst the natives. To the white man the appearance of some of the food was degrading. t Every island was surrounded by coral reels, and both Suva and Levuka had excellent ra harbours, where there was always smooth ki water, and which would hold all the vessels st in the world. Swimming in the sea had to be done cautiously, because the place was at infeosted with sharks. Beautiful shells were m fosti.d on'the reefs, but some were getting m scarce and valuable, a cowri always bringing tl .£5. Of animals, they had wild p,g., descen- tt dants from tame ones, and horses, sheep, and cows. The birds had beautifuiplumages,but were without song; any quantity of chatter- b ing parrots, which could be taught to speak nicely, flying foxes, and martins or swallows. w There were lizards and snakes, but not veno- ti mous, being handled with impunity by the P natives. A curious insect, much prized by white men, was the leaf insect, which took g the color of the-leaves and faded like them. f, The" place was infested with cockroaches, 4 ants, and mosquitoes, the latter of which were so multitudinous that even smoking tobacco bad no effect. Centipedes were very common, even falling down in the beds. It was a serious thing for a white man to get an asrasion on the skin, as a cut never healed, and the Fiji sores in the limbs no doctor could hal. The Fiji toy (ll were called boys) was a line fellow in many ways-perhaps as good .as any savage race-and was of splendid physique, and of a coppery color. c Their bodies were smeared with cocoanut oil, which, mixed with a weed, gave a strong perfume that could be smelt GO0 yds. away. The hair was taken great care of, and though they had nothing on but a strip round the loins, a cocoanut leaf was put up to keep the rain off their hair, They were passionately fond of bathing in fresh water-even if covered with green stagnant stuff. The language was very imperfect, one word sig nifying many things, and had to be learned by word of mouth to make headway, and it had taken the missionaries a long time to make the book as perfect as it is now. The language was peculiar in some ways, there being a great want of vowels, prepositions, and so on. For example, there was no ex pression for " thank you," or no such thing as t" good-night." " Sah" and " nah" were affixed to everything. Some customs were certainly not for the Fijian's good. They smoke tremendously, making cigarettes of tobacco leaf rolled upin paper. They bad a drink equivalent to a white man's intoxicant, made from a root, and when calling on a chief (who welcomes you very hospitably) the fit st thing you are given is adose. He believed when the young Princes-the Prince of Wales' boys- were there one could not face it, but the other took it "like a man," thereby pleasing all hands. The first attempt put one in mind of soap-suds, but after 2 or 3 trials a person came to like it, and founal it an excelleht thing to quench thirst. The natives,however, terribly abused it. IL took all power away from the lees, but had no effect on the heal ; and he was glad to see the Wesleyan missionaries were getting the natives to give;it up, a blue book of that body last year stating 1500 pledges were taken, 1300 of whom also gave up the use of tobacco. The choir then sang "The Lord is good,"after which Mr IRennison continued. He stated a pleasing thing was that though these people were formerly the most villianous scoundrels and cannibals on the face of the globe, the greatest missionary work done in the world. badu been accomplished in the colony of Fiji by the \Yeleyans. They were exceedingly rttentive and pious in church, but saw no harm in heartily laughing on a new mission ary making a mistake in the language. On the occasion of the Jubilee, he had seen them saying the Lord's Prayer, in a tone so strange that on shutting his eyas he imagined 100 gongs were being struck gently at some distance away, the totst was so brassy. In regar I to amusements, they were a light hearted people, being fond of innocent fun, and giving a humorous description of "nakee" (dancing), with extravagant evolutions, gyrations and capers, the most beautiful of t which was an imitation of the wares coming 1 in. Their cleverness in manufacturing pottery, 7 their ingenuity in catching crabs and pre s venting destruction of cocoanuts, and in t building canoes, were then touched upon. 1 Canoes were going out of date, as were also many of their old customs, and cutters cost ing £100 or £500 were used by the chiefs. Their cannibalistic propensities w-re con traded with their civilization, it b:ing stated in former days all enemies went into the pot and were eat n, and on a chief dying his 10, e 12, or 20 wives were strangled almost before the breath was out of his body to accompany e him to the Spirit Land; whilst now they t were getting instruction from colleges, and a had churches, preaching places, teachers, class leaders, full members of the church, sabbath-school and day- school scholars, being enumerated in hundreds and thousands, d and 100,154, out of a population of 114.000, r given as the church attendance. Could any. d one say missionary work vas in vain after this, when 50 years ago there were not more savage, inhuman cannibals on the face of the globe? The climate was trying, but very healthy, there being no epidemics-only a mild form of fever. The heat was much worse in Victoria, Fiji reaching 153 degrees in the sun. But the rainfall was tremendous. He d saw that last year there were 36 inches of e rain in Melbourne; in Fiji they had from 136 to 136 inches, and ha 1 10 inches at one time in Suva last year. The lecturer con t cluded by remarking that white people's r children were as healthy and robust as in any 0 other part of the world. The choir were heard to advantage in their selection, "In d the sunlight." A vote of thanks was accorded ty acclamation to the lecturer, on the s proposition of Mr W. Parker, seconded by n \?tr Thekton. A similarcomplimeot was paid y the choir, the Chairman moving, and Mr e Rennison seconding, and the pronouncing of ,o the Benediction terminated the proceedings. a Some time since the Minister of Lands and to Agriculture was waited upon byadeputation me of selectors and holders of grazing areas in a, the counties of Anglesey, Molre and Delatite, r, who complained of the damage done to their >f holdings by persons who entered upon them f under the privileged conferred by a splitter's 1, licence. These splitters felled and removed t timber, but cut up the land and left quantities n of branches and other debris lying about, \- and thus reduced the grazing capabilities of mg the land. In many instances the splitters as took the whole of the timher which was te valuable for fencing or building purposes to s. the holder of the land. It was similarly t., represented to the Minister that wattle bark to strippers were permitted to enter upon lands h held under lease from the Crown, and that re they destroyed young wattle trees which the p tenant of the land desired to protect. It was d also pointed out to Mr Dow that if young re wattles were protected it would be to the r. ultimate advantage of the community, and Ig wotld eventually provide more work for the st strippers. At the time these representations zy were made to him. Mr Dow undertook to or look into the matter with the view of es arriving at a decision which would afford to relief to the persons aggrieved. After due oe cansideration and inquiry the Minister has Id decided that, as far as selected lands are is. concered, general licences to splitters are Ip not to be issued. In cases where splitters a .desire to work on selected lands a special as application to the department will be ot necessary, and in the licence issued it willbe ut specified for what itisavailable. Asregards n, the complaint about wattle strippers, the M), Minister proposes, in eases where tlhe lessee we wishes to Dreserve the wattles growing on Id his holding, to issuoe to them special licences n- giving thmm the exblasive right of cutting et wattle trees. Thid actio n othe Mbinister's re part will, it is anticipatcel, give satisfaction g to a ntmnber of Crown'tenants who could not as be proteeted:ex.ejst through thceintcrposition :c. of the department. . 