BACK FROM THE GRAYE. I was quite certain that I had heard' of old Dncle'Joriah Bodfiah's death and burial, and when I met "him coining ont of a lawyer's Office and looking rather more belligerent than -usual It gave me a bit of a start end a creepy ' feeling up ana-down my spine.- -Bat It was Joeiau, sure as cotlid be, and there was nothing ghostly in bis appearance. l asted him how he came to be stilt extant In each an irregular way, and he told me ail abont it. Bo you thought I was snuffed out, did you 1 That's a good one on yon ; but, then, I don't koow's I can blame you, seeing my own folks 'lowed I was a -cadaver. Pve got a law snit ' with 'em abontit. They had me taken up by a! constable for disturbing the peace, and that's what Fm lawin' about. I'm out on ball now. It's a peculiar case, and if X had a mind to take it to the Boopreme Court I could knock 'em on the question' whether a mail who has been boned can be legally prosAhted. You know them spells I have. "When I get one Fm liable tb bB plumb out o' my senses for honrs, and Fm a little nervous abont 'em sometimes. If anybody telfa yon it fan't nothing bnt whisky, yon call him a liar, ac'd I'll back yon up. Yon know Fm not intemperate and yon never saw me take anything between drinks in yonr life. ' Mc-bbe you've noticed tbat me and the old woman don't hitch very welL Yes, I thonght so. Some folkB has a habit o noticing other folks' doin'a Well, it's -ail owln' to Deacon Slider- back's taking too goldarned much in terest in the spiritual welfare of my family. My old woman's been so piouB, Pve been a little fearsome that she might get too anxious to have me jine the heavenly choir and plant me if I hap pened to have a real bad spell and not come to as spry as common.' I suggested fa Uncle Josiah that he couldn't be buried without a physician's certificate that he was dead. That's another point,' he replied. ' Dr. Pilbolns don't like me enough to hurt since I put a little job on him, and I kinder suspected he'd play a practical joke on me If he got a chance In a pro fessional way. 1 don't believe the authorities would want a certificate anyway if they knew Pilbolous bad any thing to do with the case. They'd consider that reasonable ground to sap- pose that the patient was ripe for the cold and silent tomb.- If you don't went to be slammed into a coffin and sent kiting to gloiy before yonr time, don't you have Pilbons. He's a quack, sure. I'd been thinking over what might happen, and X had a talk with the under taker who does all my burying, and we fixed the thing up between us. Had a telephone put in the family vault and all that sort of thing, yon know. Goingto have the whole racket patented "next week. ' Well, it seems I got full or had a spell last Ssturday night, and the next thing I knew I woke up in the dark feeling mighty queer. Smelt like a funeral— tuber-roses and dead leaves and carbolic arid, you know. I thonght Fd get up and see who was dead, bnt the first break I made I bumped my head against something hard. Then I felt around and fonnd I was boxed in, and 1 concluded it was my own funeral I felt. So 1 just kicked the lid off sat np in the coffin, fished a match out of my vest- pocket and took a look aronnd. I re cognized the place by the inscriptions to the memories of my first three wives and a maiden aunt, and it made me fell sort of bine to thiok how near I had come to being remitted with the whole gang at one lick. ' You can imagine how a man wonld feel to find himself stowed away on the top shelf of a tomb in such "company and read his own epitaph, on the plate by the light of a brimstone match, felt in my coattail pocket and found a flask of brandy, which showed that the undertaker was a man of his word and partially restored my confidence in human nature. I was powerfully re lieved to find that I was not yet in Heaven with my sainted late female relatives, and with devout gratitude I emptied the flask and returned thanks to a merciful Providence, Vowing that X would make a total wreck of that Pilbolns as soon as ever I should get ont I felt sorry, though, that I hadn't told the undertaker to fill the chinks between my remains and the coffin with sand witches. Then 1 climbed down, after ripping the coffin plate off and patting it in my pocket as evidence. - 1 noticed that I was in my stocking feet, and that the old woman had put on the remains a pair of hoBe all worn out at the heels I s'pose she thought be cause the heels of the late lamented were down when bis toes were turned np that the holes wonldn't be noticed. That's the kind of a woman she is I fonnd the telephone, rung np the office and told 'em to send the sexton to let me out. Then I says, " Hello Central." "Hello," saysCentraL "Con nect the late Josiah Bodfisb, tomb 36, with his widow, No. 1001," says X. Uncle Josiah -did not mean that he bad gone Solomon one better ; the nnm- bsr of bis telephone was 1,001. ' The line was switched on. and 1 was just going to. send a doleful sound from the tomb to comfort my sorrowing family and save 'em the tronble of going to a medium to find out howl was enjoying the climate of the sweet by-and-by when I thought I heard a familiar voice. Brushing a spray" of withered smilaz from my -left ear I listened _ahd heard Deacon Sliderbeck say as plain as could be : "Tie Xjord giveth and the Lord taketh away,: Sister Bodfisb, and .every thing for 'thebesf She allowed iVwnSj and I couldn't detect, anything bat the cheerfaiest kind of resignation in .her voice. Then the Deacon eeld : " Brot her josiah "had-biB faults, Sister Bodfish.'' Then I heard her eay aKeihoald smile, and' j thought the 'Manly .was a little previous.' "I Oppose it waadrink that killed him," said the Deacon, and she allowed it; was, ana. went, on wnm whole lot of "etaff, winding «p with : "Thank goodness 'Jhere won't be any. more pink - snakes .with . bine .tails in faofoao«bvm-aere bythBSCOmer." ' 'I .stopped-to finish whet there was in bottombf ®B"fiafa, -Bnd then I heard the rfNtfw-lfcet J%; «ua3res.-have; -been .farm fas shoes, Slater Bodeshiimay Ihope to faep fate'-aem poring,- lbifaw)Ba.fo - like . an insulted ghost. The" --sexton came along -then -and let me -ontj-tfai'I: lit ont for -home' on the jump. Wben-I- walked into the parlor, -where Jthe gas was burning low, dressed op in. my beat black coat, split op the bock by the man who had laid me ont, and tossed that coffin .plate into the eld woman's lap, right where the deacon conld read it; you bet there was a circus. Some folks -might call it a disturbance of the peace. I put on those shoes, and introduced, the deacon to 'em, snakes and alL . That's what the lawsuit is about Fm going to knock "smoke -out of Pilbolns when I see him, and I s'pose that'll make more lawing for me. But I'll get a divorce and a patent on my premature burial outfit aod then I vnau I'll he sonars.' — Chicago Ledger. 