NOTES IN PARLIAMENT. Sir Henry Parkes, when he met the House last night, was — and this is saying a good deal — as proud a man as he had over been in the whole course of his political life. He and Sir Thomas M'llwraith have just anno infn r»nvfnni- cliirt no mannfnnf.nrnrs of history, and the senior member of his firm had sent him a pat on the back by wire for his performance of Wednesday night. Sir Henry Parkes thought it would " gratify ' the Legislature to be made aware of this fact' and consequently treated it to the text of the telegram. While he was waiting to receive the congratulations of tho House Mr. Alfred Allen must take the rite of Marplot, and bob up from nobody knew where to direct Sir Henry's attention to the fact that the Centennial Park was beginning "to smell orfull." A Chinaman's garden under the process of absorbing a new coat ing of slaughter-house manure is n bed of violets compared to the country's " holy place " at tho present time, so Mr. Allen complained. His constituents being fashionable people, have fastidious noses, and what he demanded on their be half was that Sir Henry Parkes would deodorise his pet concern as soon as possible. To say that Sir Henry was annoyed at this awkward anti-elimax brought about by Mr Allen is but feebly to express the state of feeling ho exhibited. Did Mr. Allen's fastidious-nosed constituents think he could raise roses for them from sandstone without manure ? Such an unreasonable and unr grateful lot of people Sir Henry never heard of. Conld not they put up with a bit of smell for the present nnd be amply com pensated by the future perfume of the beautiful park that was being created for them 7 He was very sorry that he could not tako tlio park away from them altogether nnd give it to people who knew how to appreciate it. Other parts of tho country would only be too glad to have it, smell and all. The smell was " unavoidable," and considering all the circumstances of the case it was a smell that Mr. Allen ought to con sider himself a lucky individual in being specially privileged to sniff. That was all tlio satisfaction he had to give. ' Tho House was spared the tribulation foreshadowed by Mr. „ Melville, who threatened to interrupt last night's business by an adjournment motion for the purpose of telling a story about a ghost, a hearse, and a hospital. When the time came he contented himself with asking the Premier if he thought it right, as a question of abstract ethics, for pcoplo to purloin hearses, or for hobgoblins to ap pear in hospital wards frightening people up from beds of sickness. If tho Premier disapproved of the proceedings and would wrjto a minute or something forbidding ghosts to walk about the Little Bay Hospital Mr. Melville promised to be satisfied and lot the matter drop. Sir Henry- stated that he did not particularly favor such things and would make inquiries to see what could be done. It is said that the ghost in ques tion possesses a gutteral accent and a prede- liction for whisky j two very ungbost-like accomplishments, The business of the night was finance. Mr. Garvan assailed the budget from a new standpoint and adduced some facts and figures that Mr, Burns should lose no time in rebutting. The Treasurer claims to have reduced the public expenditure by a million and a quarter a year and to have increased tho revenue by about an equal' amount; Briefly, then, here is Mr. Garvan's case. For the year '87 Mr. Boras claims to have raised the revenue hy a million sterling and to have cut down the expenditure hy a million and a quarter as against the year '86. That should give a balance in hand of two and a quarter millions at the end of last year. " Where was that money?" said Mr. Garvan. Tho accounts for '87 Bhowed a deficit instead of a surplus. ThiB year Mr. Burns expects to raise 1$ millions moro than in '86, and to spond 1J millions less. What is done with the 2 millions saved hore ? Let Mr. Burns answer that. Mr. Garvan then struck another line of argument, the object of which apparently was to prove Jffiat the Dibbs deficit is in reality tho creation of Mr. Burns. The trivial faet that the deficit was created while Mr. Burns was a Treasurer yet unborn was not going to stand in tho way of such a magnificent conclusion as this. At any rato, Mr. Garvan argued that the deficit was elaborated by Mr. BurnB. Fart of the money, ho contended, New South Wales owes on account of road-making to improve Mr. Bums' property. The fashion iB to take a thousand or two whenever wanted and oharge it to the " Dibbs deficit," which is kept hanging up in the Treasusy for that purpose. Suoh was Mr. Garvan's argument. It remains for Mr. Burns to prove the contrary, a duty whioh lio should have no difficulty in per forming if ha thinks it worth while. Last night he did not think it worth while. Mr. Garvan severely dealt with tho manipula tion of loan money for bolstering up paper surpluses, which ho alleged to be practised by this Government as well as their predecessors, making on the whole a strong and inoisive speech from the Oppo sition point of viow. When Mr. Garvan finished the Opposition clamored for Mr. Burns. They wanted to see how Mr. Garvun's shots had told. But tho Treasurer is an old Parliamentary hand, and if he felt any of his assailant's criticisms he hod philosophy enough to conceal the Bore spots which they created. Mr. Lyne there- fore followed, doublo-banking tho Treasurer as it were, a capacity which is always more or loss unsatisfactory. A'ery littlo now ground was broken in Mr. Lyne's speech. One thing, however, he betrayed anxiety about. Ho expects to be in office this tune next year as Minister for Works, probably iu the forthcoming Melvillc-O'Sullivnn Ministry, nnd complains that Mr. Burns is deliberately keeping the deficit hung up to await' the advent of the new Govern ment. This suspicion is evidently be ginning to causo tho Opposition some uneasiness. But what do they want? Do thoy think the present Treasurer lias only taken office for tlio philanthropic purpose of wiping out the Dibbs deficit for the Dibbs party, and then immediately re tiring to let tho Dibbs party come back again with a clean sheet ? No fear I If Mr. Burns' mends Mr. Dibbs' busted political shoes it will be not with tlio vlow of hand ing them back to Mr. Dibbs, but with the view of wearing them himself. If he is not going to wear them, then let those who rnado the rents do the patching. Mr, Tonkin got up to defend tho Trea surer. The worst enemy of this gentleman would not call him a politician, and Ananias himself would hesitate at saying Mr, Tonkin ivns an orator. Mr. Tonkin thinks tlint the proper thing to do with the defioit i3 to hang it up. The leading advantage of having a deficit, in Mr. Tonkin's view, is that it can bo hung up. This was tho only original idea we could gather from his speech. Tho rest consisted of a sprawling demonstration against pro tection. How it tended to shield the Treasurer from Mr. Garvan's attacks we cannot imagine, but if Mr, Burns was satisfied with Mr. Tonkin's defence of his position of courso that is his own look-out. Mr. Ellis followed. This gentleman seldom addresses tho House, but when he does he is not tlie man to stint his eloquence. When once on his legs he deals with every subject he can think of irrespective of what the immediate question is, so that there is no necessity for him to make frequent speeches. Last night his subjects ranged from the canons of social etiquette to the mending of ships' sails, the whole occupying about three of tlie longest nnd weariest hours ever pnssed in tho present' ' Assembly. Whether his speech was intended to assist the Government or the Opposition wo were utterly unable to judge, but as it would liavo been just the same in either ease that point is immaterial to consider. Tlio great thing is that the speech is over, and that consequently it will in the natural order of political events be a long while before we hear Mr. Ellis again. The debate stands adjourned till next week. Mean while the Payment of Members Bill Jias been advanced another stage, and conse quently lion, gentlemen went home last night in a linppy frame of mind. 