A. VENDETTA. A cold, Weak afternoon, Isle in October, with clonds that hang low in the sky, and a sort of damp .mist hovering over the flat bog through which our road stretches interminably before ns. Sot s cheering prospect by any manner of means; and, as ive have already driven five monotonous miles, and have four more to travel, over, perhaps, the worst bit of road in Connty Mayo, in that fiendish invention of hnsnaa ingenuity, an outside car, I might surely be excused if my spirits were not at their highest pitch, especially es I finished my last cigar two miles bsclc, and r.m begicning to cast -envious eyes at. Larry's stumpy black pipe. Nevertheless, I never was in better spirits in my life, and am oblivious alike to mist, bog, dreariness,..and discomfort. I have done nothing but whistle waltzes and reels since the last cigar departed this life—nay, have I not laughed Jit everyone of Larry's frequent jokes till, by my rash encouragement, he has become elated,and threatens to grow into a bore. On the "whole, it would take a good deal to depress me to-day. And no wonder, for toy regiment has only been home a week from ,lhe "gorgeous East^' I have just got mv company, and to-morrow I am to be, married to the sweetest giii -in the world. Bless her sweet face! I smile as^t rises np bsffore me, with its glittering mist of .golden bair. I wonder if this year bas changed her much ; bat what change could there be in her winsome face and.pretty waysf . Let me see, Was it not somewhere about bene we parted 3 Yes, there is the old cabin wi<Jt its. crumbling roof where we stopped when >1 would let bet go no farther; and then Lasry and the car overtook ns, andr I drove away, leaving ber standing theTe witb .ber violet ijes sbiningthroughtears, and her indoth qiiivering with the efiort to smile. It ivas not a day like this, though, I remember, but..bright And clear, witb a sharp, cold (rind. ' ''"•'-.' Ob, how coald I have, gone and left her like tiat! Haw I wanted to earn- her off then and there, and never let her gó sgninl JBut never mind; -the. weary year is over at last, and afler to-nuorrow -co one-Bhall ever pattens.,: i Sere we .Dvertookan, nncienyemale in a -cap and stopaisliawL -who^tarDS • np to as a face like a very old irailpiit, anS X recognise Sydney's ola nnrae, 1 Why, Biddy, u it you J" while debgbted ^lelamattons of, " Sure: and it's the: captain himself, and Joy be wid b«m >" proceeded fiomBiddy. " . „ I am notin the gftzetle yEt, bat they Me always goodenougb to pve one brevet Tank at Kilbigjin. after the flattenng custom of tbe Irish peasant. ; . . " Why, Bnldv, ihis is a long way lor yon to be from "home at this time of day 1 Jump np, and we'il give ytma bft." And go, with Jushower flfbencdidtuinB, the onldes^of which onght to make me a happy: man for life, Biddy is baatel into the cae, and the gray mare once, nuns ffwiiw ber. usual jog-trot. - u Andioware411 ai^ the boose? BbwV Mis- Sydney'" I nsk, when the big basket has been safely stowfcd aa-ay and BIMj's tiiMii35»ndjajiologies were over. "Ali,then, captain, dariln', they're all as; w^l as well łrat IKćss Sydney, bless the swale dear fehe'll be the better for seeing JOB. 1 " "Seeingme' wbattto you mean'" Jin t[uired,5uisU3y,iaUiei startled, "ghebastft been lUJ" . , , »3Rvw » bit of "bythe saints forbid* Botłto^fearyui' isbell befora eight rJE^Qur toŁ fsre^BdshcVams nponmtip » way which is KiemPy to a degree, wbife Jwygnns sympathetJailly. «BBUt-e Rocking Wt weather, KM BtifiHySI this sórt «ttóngto-momiw,X«m sune;"«ia " Ocb, thin, don't be aftber thiskin' such a thing l 11 says Biddy,-indignant. " Isn : t it a S-.mday diild Miss Sydney is, and hasn't she had the lnckail her life, and is it rainin' itwbold be on her marriage-day ? Shure, and the saints would be mighty fK-natnred if they didn't kapc off the rain, good lack to thim, but I don't believe their hearts is that black. So, sots, it wan't- rain, don't you think it—and what for should It J Isn't it a bsppy, bbssid bride the swate dear's a-goin" to be, and ain't we all as pleased as pleased 7 Barritf you're a goiu"' to take the blessed child to that betther country away over the say." "Only to England, Biddy," Isay,humbly. And isn't that bad enough, I'd loike to tnow Z Sore, and ye wouldn't be waiting to be taking her among tlriai baytben blacks ?" " Oh, dear, no, of course not," I answer, hastily," but England isn't far off, yon know, and we shall always be coming hack. By the way, Biddy, bowVMiss Sydney's great uncle at Ballyragm!" . " The heavens be his bed, he's betther 1" is Biddy's pious-answer. J^rm precious glad of it 1 I thought he might be going to die and then, you know, wedding would .have to he put ofi." " No, thin, he wasn't going to die; no fear of it, I waa nrighty bothered, for he's my own. foster-brother —inflane, sad ifs tbe troth. I'm tdlva' you; but I knew tie'd pull through wid bis eickneś, and I never asked roeself aftłier «t all, at all, fot I got word from, me brotberis daughter's son-in-law's suciej as is my master's own boy at Ballyragin, and the banshee's never been heard at all, at all." " The banshee 1" say I, with surprise, and feeling inclined to laugh, for a banshee seems a elender reed to trust to; " but I don't see how that proved-it." " Sure, and ho w could 3 GJynne die wMoot tbe banshee a-givin wiftrnin' ? n psbs Biddy,solemnly. " D'ye, thint they're just loibe any cammon family, that tan die, and no noticebttaken?" " Eore,* 1 says Biddy, looking at me in snrprise, "yer not man'n to make fan ©f it? Oil, capfin dear, don't be doin' that; bat maybe the great people in England niver has the banshee, and so ye don't know." Biddy says this in a pitying tone of voice. " No, I am happy to say they don't abound in Bugisnd, though I don't doubt they are very nice. But do they always tell when people are going to die? That must be veiy convenient." A thought crosses my mind -that the afflicted relatives can order their mourning beforehand and grieve in advance, like the Qneen in ** Through the Lookiog-^bss,'* Biddy still regards me with suspicion. " In some families the banshee's he&Td; to keen whinever a misfortune's coming', but the Glynnes isonly beard whin it's a death," she says simply. " And always then?" " Always, capt'in dfcar; and ifs everybody as'U fell ye the same. And another thing; most banshees, anybody as is Oirish can hear thim? but the Glynne's banshee, it's no one can beat it as hasn't the blood in their veins; Ere heerd it agin and agin, for it's the blood as is in me veins from the odd stock ; bat I haven't heard it now for many and many's the day. Sone of thim bas died for fifteen years nor more, praise be to the saints 1 The last was Kiss Sydney's grandfather. Och ! and didn't it make me flesh creep to hear it!" I hope it don't extend to the hnsbands the Glynncs many," I say, trying to be decoTQU&ly; grave. " *' Why, Larry hissel's heerd it," continues Biddy. "Don'tye mind. Larry, whin the oidd lord at the castle was took sick, and we heerd the White Lady out in the park all night?" *' Ay," says Larry with satisfaction. " And don't I mind—" But here wc ate in sight of the low, grey stone House of Kilbiggin, and there—yes, there is Sydney on the steps. " . With one bound I am off the car- and at tbe door, and she and I are together again ones more. The first rapturous meeting over, .we are alone, in the drawing-room, with its carved ceiling and deep mullioned windows; the tables and ehaits are covered with a litter of cotton wool and silver fftper, and yards of string form pitfalls for the on warv: tor - Sydney is displaying to my gaze the wonders of her wedding presents.- She has 4ust'comein.fn>ma walk, ami in her glossy sealskin jacket and golden-brown hat with its long feather drooping amid the bright waves of her hair, she makes the bonniest picture artist ever tried in vain to paint. My eyes follow her as she flits from one tiling to another, while the wild rose color in ber.eheeks deepens and -ebanges with every movement. Wbydoes affection always look imbecile ? I caEch a glimpse of myself in the carved-mirror opposite, and am quite; startled at myown idiotic expression. "Look, Harry dear; what a lovely after-" nooii tea-table from dear Mins. O'Dowd—will it not be pretty in cor little house ? I am so glad you like tea. Oh, by the way, what about lodgingscould you get any at Winchester?" " Oh, yes, to be sure,.! meant to tell yon; very nicc.ones, near fit. Cross. The colonel's wife gat them loir me j ebe bas been awfully good about it, and she and I have scoured the town in search of rooms ever since wć arrived. I thought that. would be tlie brat plan; -to go into lodgings until we cnuld'- look about ns at leianre for a pretty little house." - - "Yes,indeed. What fan it will be! Fancy the furnishing M am so glad we are not goi trio be likesome siroy people, always living in. •other .people's furniture. 1 should bate that, 1 should not yon f What a dear litQe house we shall have; alt low, comfortable chairs and Persian rugs. I am afraid ' it will not look ^aite respectable, it will be so very pretty." . "Why„sre pretfanesS and respectability incompatible?" I ask, laughing. VeryofteiLi • Don't you--always-notice that tbe more cjrrect sad proper peopls are, toe uglier and stiffier the things they bate ttbont them 1. Bat ire have such a lot ef pretty new work. lAm ss glad jnost of my presents have been things fur ^ny hoose ; eren Biddy's grandtiildnai made me-that kettleboHer. Was it nołnjce of tbem ?" - : Bat this is not for the bouse ?" I say taking op a Bnssia leather tawelling-bag, with gorgeous £tbngs. "Ko ; that is from Sir John and Lady Mnrphey, Wasn't it gond of them? And Ohl Haiiy, Ihad almost forgotten to thank 300 for. that lovelvdrffesiugcaBe, I detbt saw nnvtbmg. so perfect-, - and the dear little mougram tm eveiytbingJ And tins pearl, necklace is from tbe castle, and that ss not boose, either, of coarse. But then thereisgandmatrima'Bgrand silvertea^rt; and—oh, yes 1 these cane from London yesterday, from auntie." And sbe displays twp wnaU >3*panned -spice -cases of chegp appeaamcesnd^hideous indesign. ^ FSrom La3v Sobbo Stanley?" Xinqnu "By Jore, bo WBfrlvJ Butshe is anairfnl old «aaw,is she not f" ^ : " Well, yes, rather, I'm afraid- Beally, Hairy, you know, they are not very pretty we can't put them in the drawing-room, can ,wel Bat stall, it was vejy *uui»tber to send tuenouEe, other: Ann Ł t»te, up * carionB tótółlM^le^ti^jin ł.abeatb *>Fb}gck snd in the for ladies to go about armed to the teetli ? I shall have to be en my best behavior, I see, if I do not wish to have a taste of coli steeL" As I look up somewhat surprised at receiving no response to my -laughing remarks, I see Sydney's clear eyes clouded over and a troubled^oak ou her face. " Ah, Harry, don't 1" she whispers, coming close to me and laying her hand on mine. " Put _thst horrid thing down; I hate the very sight o£ it, there is such a disagreeable tale in connection with it. Let me tall it to you now, and gat it over. Do you remember my tellins you, just before you left here last year, that there was a young fellow coming to the rcctory to read with Sir. Hawley? And I was so pleased on account of the Hawleys, they are so poor, and I knew it would be aholp to thorn. Vel!, jsst after you had gone he arrived—a dark, morose creature, with black eyes and a. horrid, cynical smile. 1 never took to him in the least, and afterwanl I crew to dread bim, he was so cruel, Harry. Once he killed a dog because it wtould not follow- him. How could I like bim after that ? But he was always following me about'and bothering; and one day he met me ont walking and would join me, though I tried to show him I did not want him. And all at once, before X knew what was coming or could stop him.be was talking in the most passionate manner, telling me I was the only thing be lived for, and that I should care for him. I was sorry for him at first, but I got quite angry at last, when he would not slop in spite of all my remonstrances, and so I told him that I must beg bim to be quiet, since no gentleman would speak in that manner to an engaged girl. " 1 Engaged!' be said—jost that one word, and then stood quite still before me. "Tee,"I told him, most certainly I was ongaged, and snpposed that be was aware of it —everybody knew it- He turned upon me a face which appalled me. and said, in tones which froze my very blood,—. " 'And do you think you shall many any one bat me? Tou bud better not dream of it. If that day ever comes it will be better for bim that be had never been born! Take care while there is time 1 This time nest year I shall come again to ask you, and then, if you refuse me—' " Oh, how be frightened me! He looked like a demon. I turned and ran from him, and, to my joy, be did notfoTlow me. How I got home I scarcely kno w, but tbe next day I heard he had left the rectory suddenly and gone to travel abroad. " I never wrote to you about it, Harry, because it was not the sort of thing one could tell properly in a letter, and I waited till I should see you. I hsvs never heard another word of Fergus Fitagerald since then, until the other day when this arrived. Whether he sent this as a warning, or what, I do not know, but I havs the most unaccountable horror of it, perhaps from the recollection of him, and ever since I have had such miserable presentiments of something frightful. I have been nervo-s about yon. Ob, Harry, how thankful I was just now to see you safe and well ?" " Why, Sydney, darling, you're jrrowins as supersf-itioss as old Biddy!" I say. laughing anil kissing tbe slight fingers thatcla?p mine. "How, for my part, 1 think it merely a civil act of Mr. What's-his-name, to show you he regrets his violent conduct, and tacitly apologises by sending you such a wedding gift. Men are not quite accountable for what tbeydo or what they say when they are deeply in love, and no doubt he has been saaly ashamed of himself for same time, and wants to let you know it. He certainly has queer taste m pi f is, bnt it is a perfect thing in its way," and f take tip the little weapon once more, this time with more caution, and try on a piece of paper the blade, which is as keen as a razor, of exquisite temper and finish, anil engraved with curious arabesques. " After all, it is the neatest thing of its kind I ever saw; no manufacturers of this sort ever equal foreign work. What is it, Spanish, Moorish?" "Cosrican, perhaps. His mother was s Corsiesii, and he was brought up on the island. 1 Perhaps that accounts for some of his eccentricities." " Upon my word, it is mt a bad thine, after all." I say.- "The teste for the carious is rabid now, and it would look rnther welt ou your chatelaine, Sidney," and I hold it against her side. " Oh, un, no '. " she cries, shrinking back. "I would not wpar it for worlis' Do not, Harry, please .' " " Very well," I say. seeing she really do-"S dislike tbe subject, " iben yon shall not. Bat 1 liopi your reluctance docs not extend to thc-e," f produce the cass which has been the bane o£ my life during the entire journey from town, and lay before her delighted eyes the family diamonds. Oh, Harry! " is all she can say, ml then stands still in admiration. " Oh, nnrrv! But' how—why—what! Are they not the Śt. Maur di amonds I How do you come to have them!" 1 1 Why, my grandfather sent me word that they had always beloufred to a Lady St. Maur, biit, as It: is an old widower, he thought tlie heirs wile was the proper person to wear them. Good of the old boy, wasn't if. I have not liad them reset. 1 thought you would like the old style bfest. They were done for my grandmother when she was presented as a bride." 'i" Oh, yes ; they ate lovely, so qttaint and unique. H<vw street of vrrar grandfather, old thing 3 Can't we go and thank him when we go home? St. Maur is not far from Winchester,, is it?" " No. that is jolly/ We can often run over to sec tbe oldboy" I smile to see that in the sparkling gems Sydney has forgotten all about the Corsican dagger, • CHAPTER II. It is London, arid It isiiTovember. We have been married just a-week, and are beginning to grow accustomed to the fact, and to realise that we are not ifca very first people in the worid who ever, entered into that holy estate.. . , , Sydney has at last ceaśed to start and laugh when sbe comes into breakfast and finds letters addressed to "itrs. St. Hanr" at her plate ; Already tbe hotel waiters have ceased to grin furtivelyat the sight of us, and stray hansom cabmen no longer look- for an -extra tip. The Best obtrusively newly married look is beginning to wear off. As for me, I spend my days in wondering what I ever did in all my unworthy life to deserve tbe bksśmg that has come to me, in marvelling ho<ę Hived through ail the dark, weary, aimless years before it came. Perhaps we shall have thirty vears more of just ęucb happiness , perhaps forty or fifty, we are yet so young Loudon is delightfully empty. I have not c. seen half a dozen p ople I know, and those ! hare successfully avoided. But to-night we go to a drum, or sometbing at Lady SuSan Stanley's. JPeople might leave as alone until our honeymoon is fifirly over, biA^ydney^ tender bttle heart is sfraifl ot cfendmg her old aunt if we do not go so we are prepured for anight of penance, and make np «rar minds to theworsttbat can befall. Myfiydneyis Łer bridsi disss -sheeny satm aadforesMike lace—and I harc clasped <m.'tbe diamonds mywlf, though «ShŁ laughs-atme for wnnHng trot she looks even sweeter foreheis notfto. pale, r arald look ot her all night sadneror Kuwait is just ps well that I i»ve that gratification, for other amusements at Lady Susan's have £ none. It is all very stately, very dull, very awf ul, *• liespectable and stupid. "What did I tell you ?" says Sydney, wisely. A little bad music, a great deal of dreary conversation; twice as many people as the rooms will hold, who come and go in brilliant attire. Sydney need not have been afraid of being too gorgeous, I elbow my way with difficulty to the refreshments and procure a tepid fragment of pink ice, floating upon a sea of its melted self, and this dclicacy T grimly bring back to Sydney- I'oor litUe sweetheart! While I am still afar otf I see her'sittmgdesolateand pensive, with a tired and perplexed look on her dear face. Sfyj>oor ciiil3, yon are bored to death, and no wonder 1" I say, as I reach her side. Let ns make our escape as soon as possible." She looks at me dreamily and asks in an absent sort of way,— *' Harry, what was that extraordinary noise ? Did you hear it just now I" Kotse?" I say, with mild irony. "Well, yes, I should think so; tbc infernal gabble is enough to deafen one." " Oh, no, not that; I don't mean any ordinary noise, but such a strange, sobbing sort of cry that sounded aboye everything else, a wild kind of wail—the very saddest thin* I ever heard—it almost made me cry, and yet so sweet and clear. What could ithave been ?" " Thai bony woman in blue and gold, like an edition of the poets, who was singing 1 Roberto' just now. Her voice was certainly high enough and melancholy enough, but I must say its sweetness never struck me." " Oh, no, Harry, I don't mean, that at all; it was when no one was singing, and it was not like singing in the least, bnt more like a cry ata wake than anything else. 1 wonder you did not bear it, and it is odd no one else seemed to "notice it, though I heard it so plainly, and it was so loud and high. I wish- 1 knew what it was." " Something in the street below, no doubt, unless yon fancied it, which would be no wonder; this sort of thing is enough to give one the blues. But come, Sydney, let us cut the whole thing and go to the theatre for an hour; you know Aunt Susan offered us her bor, and I hear there's something rather good going on." " Oh, yes, I should like that. It has been rather stupid, has it not?" and she brightens directly. So wc retire from the festive scene and go to the theatre, -where people are in convulsions of laughter over goodness knows what. For my part I can see neither head, tail, nor plot to tbe whole thing; our pursuit of pleasure is not crowned witb success to- night." Sydney laughs a little, but does not seem much interested; and presently she turns to me, looking pale sad unhappy, and says, imploringly,— " My dear boy, don't be vexed with me; I know, you will think me a dreadful goose, but just then I bad such a fright. I am almost sore I saw Mr. Fitzgerald in that corner by the wall; he was looking up with those dreadful wild eyes of his, and the moment I looked at him he turned and went out. He was in some kind of a dart cloak, anil looked so odd! But I am almost sure I could not mistake those eyes !" "Bat, my darling, I thought you said he wasn't in England," I remonstrate. " Neither he was ; he was abroad, but it was so like bim, and it gave me such a terrible shock I Don't think me a goose, Harry, " I'll tell you what I do think. I think you are tired out, and wc should be far better off in our- own comfortable room than in listening to all this rubbish; come along, thereV a dear childand I put her fleecy wraps around her and take her away. But midway along the corridor she stops short, sod looks npinto my face. "There, Harry!" she sayś, earnestly " there it is again, that long, wailing cry. How very strange! Surely you must have heard thatf" '' Why, Sydney, it is mere fancy!" I say, shaking her gently. "If I don't mind I shall have you ill. You're nervous, tired, and excited. I shall not be easy in my mini' till- you are at home and have taken S!>metliiU2;" and without more atlo I get her down stairs and back to our hotel as quickly as I can. Oace in our cosy room, Sydney recovers her usual spirits. I make her drink a g'ass of wine'and sit by the fire, and sbe is laugh ing merrily at her own foolisVinafs, when there is a tap at tbc door, ami a waiter comes to tell mc that one ot my brother officers is waiting to see me in the cofifee-room on important business, and refuses to come up stairs. " Oh, bother Frampton !" I say,. with a graau. " What a time of night to come and disturb one 1 Come up here, indeed ! {should think it a great piece of cheek if he did I I don't like leaving you, Sydney I" " Oh, don't mind that, dear boy. I am all right nov. TO tell yon what, I will put away the • family joois ! and take down my hair while you are gone, and then come hick and brush it here while you have a pipe. May I i" ifay you J Of course you may anything; that is, if if yon don't object to the smell of tobacco among your golden locks." " Oh, no; and we can have a nice chat over the fire. Don't be gone long." " Sot a second longer than I can help." " If I grow sleepy before you come back I shall lie down and wait for you ; but mind you wake me. I want to sit with you while you smoke." All.right. Has your maid gone to bed i " " Yes, I told her she need not sit up." " Very well, then ; I'll go down to Frampton. Minji, if a ghost should make its appearance you con receive it with the celebrated dagger; Isawitonyourdrtssing-tablewhen we went but. I took it to cat the string round your flowers." " Don't be silly!" and she pauses with her band on her bed-room door, to return the kiss without which I cannot yet leave ber for ten seconds. Frampton is waiting in the coffee-room profuse in apologies for troubling me. *' At sucha time of.all others, .my dear fellow! Wouldn't have had it happen for the world ! What will Mrs. St. Maar think of me 1 etc. . However, his business really is important, and do what I will, it is nearly three-quarters of an hour, and very near midnight, when I see bis broad shouldere take tbcmselves off. Poor little Sydney! sbe will be tired to death waiting tor me/aid l dash up stairs to make up for lost time. - Sydney is not in tbe outer room, however, and I pause for A moment with my back to the firc, and smile aa I think I need nut have raced so frantically after alL Then I remember what she said about lyragdown, and I move towards the bed-room to see if. she had fallcn asleep,-when my eye falls upon the "family jools" lyjng in a dazzling heap upon lie table- Careless little woman f Any one might have come in aud carrisdtheoi off .aad she not a bit the wiser. I stoop togatbw them up. Something else is lying near them —something almost as bright ss they. Witb; an indescribable sanation I bead nearer and see that it ib tbe Cecsfcaa sheath I know so well—the quaint, curious block and sold sheath wound about witb a Jong ehiniug toss <?f golden hair, an smooth, so fine, so satiny it can only be from one bead faiull the ; ' world. - - - iiKi • Whydoes my blood turn to Icctt^gnd my heart ccases suddenly to beat as I taks Łt in my hand and sec that sosicthing ii smeared upon tie freshly fevered edges—sometbing 1 ^Murattn&Rj;, m i 1 Ssmehow I reach i hu m-xt r.iora and dash opfea the dtxir ; somehow I cross tbe flonr and am beside tbc white be*!, where, all in her pure, dainty bridal robes, her beautifu! hair floating almut her like a golden veil, lies my love, my treasure, my blue eyed darling, my bride of aweck, so still, so silent, so deathIv'wbite, with a Ion;, sharp knife in her heart 1 