TOWN TALK. That the summer is not yet over. That everybody thought it was, or at all events hoped so. That being in a philosophical frame of mind, just now, the "T.T." man desires to observe that hope and reality are not synonymous terms. That if they were--Now, then, "imagination's soaring wings repress"-Eo.] That the unexpected burst of hot weather during the last few days has taken the place by storm. That Thursday last was about a fair thing. That the " T.T." man was afraid on that day that he might "yield up the ghost." [That was what "perjured Clarenee" tried to do, if you remember. ED.I That in some oounternation he consulted the ther mometer, and found that it was 500'000 in the shade, and pulling double all the time. That he longed for the municipal baths, but they didn't come off. That the revenue statement for the last half.year is eminently satisfactory. That everybody is now getting a little more heart. That property is increasing in value, there are splendid orops reported from various places, and things generally are beginning to hum a bit. That this is leap year, and the ladies have the privilege of asking the question (as it is, they often e it). That the " T.T." man is fully at their dispesal, and hopes that he will not be forgotten. That the "Town Talk" man has been informed, on unimpeachable authority, that the " obhair" at the Ipswich Police Court was not occupied until a quarter to 11 o'clock yesterday. That it is supposed by most persons that the Court should be opened at 10 o'clock, and so it is home mornings; but at other times the "Binoh" is like the donkey's tail-all behind. That on these ocoasions solicitors and everyone else are kept waiting, and the "TT.T" man will guarantee that the language used by some of the " waiters" will not improve the morals of those near them or conduce much to the ohanoes of those per sons reaching that abode where there is to be no police--court. That a certain precocious youngster-a little over 3ft. high-rather took the wind out of the sails of some of the Court attendants yesterday. That this free and independent youth walked into Court with a "Tam o' Shanter" on, his shirt.sleeves rolled up over his shoulder, and no boots on. That, when a few feet inside the door, he folded his " brawny" arms, and gazed round the room with a look on his countenance as much as to say, " Here we are again, mates; come and put me out." That the watchhonae- keeper soon "interviewed" the head-gear of that lad, but be was evidently of opinion that" Tammy" was made for wearing or that "Sandy" was "poking btrak" at it, for he im mediately put it on again. That, however, the watohouse.keeper succeeded in persuading him that he would look just as well with. out it, and the little fellow left the Court, no doubt with contempt on his face. That the Nuisance Inspector was completely knocked over the ropes twice yesterday. That it rather staggered him, and it will take him a little time to recover from the effects of the blows. That the year is young yet, and there are plenty of cows and hores that are not very particular as to whether they are lying in the street or on a vacant allotment, That, in fact, the " T.T." man knows certain cows which he believes prefer the foot-paths to the pad docks-not used to the latter in all probability. That some of the Divisional Boards in this district meet for their monthly "confabs" to-day. That the "T.T." man would advise the members to be on their beat behaviour, for the annual election draweth nigh. That he would furthermore advise one of them that meet in the morning to commence basiness at the proper time, and not discuss " finance," the weather, or nothing in particular till about an hour after the supposed hour to start, and then to find fault with the minutes to occupy another half-hoor in squabbling. That the business would be done much quicker, everybody (with one exception) would be better satisfied, and it would save them a deal-a huge amount in fact-of future trouble. That the " T.T." person therefore trusts that this will meet their eagle eyes, and that they will " make a noteon't," and inwardly digest it. That the Nanango gold.field will now have a proper testing. That the machinery will soon be at work under ex perienced supervision. That the "T.T." man hopes, for the sake of everybody concerned, that the venture will be a profitable one. That rumour hath it that some of the "per formers" in the fireworks acts on New Yeara' Eve are to be called to the bar- at least, before the " beach," to give account of their doings on the eve aforesaid. That "Heeney's drain" has still a "melodious perfume;" hbanana skins and other refuse is con stantly thrown on the foot-paths and streets, and nooions weeds flourish, in spite of prohibitions to the contrary. 