À ÏK)NDÔN LUTTER.; Statte my last letter was dispatched, the ' ?Encyclical Letter from the Bishops attending the Pan'Anglican Synod has been issued.' It ia not only dignified and statesmanlike, but also'deeply interesting and providing mach food for reflection a*d thankfulness. After the lists of the Bishops attending the Con- ference there comes the letter itself, addres Bed»" to the iFjaithfalin Christ Jesus, greet-, ing." ' Next we1 hare the resolutions formally adopted by the Conference, with the number of rotes recorded for and against the pro-, positions; and finally the reports of the coommittoe, which, wo are told in the letter, ' "can only bo taken to represent the mind of (¡he Conference ia so tar as they are re- affirmed, or directly adoptod in tho resolu- tions." ! Lord Caraar ron has written and published a letter to the. Archbishop of Canterbury, pleading for the opening of our town ohnrobes during the greater part of the day for purposes of private devotion and retire : .meut. His Lordship's letter, with the.Arch - ? bishop's cordial answer, appeared conspicu- ously in all tho daily papers last weok, aud the old worn-out arguments against the daily opening churches ¿re being brought up again. I am reminded -of au incident itt a country parish in Lincolnshire, apropos of leaving of the village chareheB open by night. The sexton's ^answer to the remonstrance of the Beotor against his (the sexton's) care- lessness was " you do'ant think a.body durst goa in you after dark ?" Of course he re- ferred to ghosts ! The final report of tho Education Com- missioners has just been issued. The result of two years Work, as it meets the eye, is a huge blue book of five hundred pages, which not many of ns have had time tai study at present. But it is now well declared that the tide has turned in favour of christian education in contradistinction to mere secu- lar " stuffing/' Churchmen will now hate but to blame themselves if that form of elementary eduoation, which has from the beginning been dignified by the grand title " national," does not do more than hold its 'ground. ; 