THE DIAMOND COTERIE. BY LAWKENCE LYNCH. CHAPTEB II. W ? - ?'?' INVESTIGATES. Waedoub Place, the home of Miss Constance Wardour, and the scene of the ' great Diamond robbery,' lies q little east from the town, away from the olamour of its mills, and the conta mination of its ' canaille.' It is a beautiful old place, built upon a slight elevation, surrounded by stately old trees, with roae thickets, and dotted here and there with great olumps of tall syringas, white lilacs, aoacias, and a variety of ornamental trees and flowering shrubs. The mansion stands some distance from the road, and is reached by a broad, sweeping drive and two footpaths, that approach from opposite directions. In the rear are orchard and gardens, and be yond these a glassy slope that carves down to meet the river, that is ever hurrying townward to seize the great mill wheels and set them sweeping round and round. The mansion itself is a large, roomy edifice, built by a master architect. It at once im presaes one with a sense of its true purpose : a home, stately but not stiff, abounding in com fort and aristocratic ease ; a place of serene repose and inborn refinement. Such Wardour Place was intended to be ; such it has been and is. Miss Constance Wardour, mistress of the domain and last of the race, is alone in her favourite morning-voom. It is two hours oince the discovery of the robbery, and during those two hours confusion has reigned supremo. Everybody, oxcept Miso Wardour, has seem ingly run wild. But Miss Wordour has kept her head, and has prevented the servants from giving the alarm upon the highway, and thus filling her house with a promiscuous mob. She h&B; compelled them to comport themselves like rational beings ; has ordered the library and dressing-room to be closed, mid left untouched until the proper officer shall have made proper t, investigation!] ; and then she hao ordered her maid to serve her with a cup of strong coffee in the morning-room ; and, considering the glittering wealth she has just been bereaved of Misa Wardour looks very calm and usrulHed, and sips her coffee with a relish. Presently the door opens and a lady enters; a very fat lady, with florid complexion, Teatleso, inquisitive, but good-humoured gray eyeo, and plenty of dark crinkly hair, combed low about her ears, Thia is Mrs. Honor Aliaton, a distant relative of Misa W ardour's, who has found a most delightful home with that young lady, ever since the death of Grandmamma Wardour, for Constsnce Wardour has been an orphan since her childhood. Mrs. Aliaton cornea forward, os1 rather rolls forward, and sinking with a grunt of satisfac tion, iuto the largest chair at hand, fixes two gray eyes upon the heiress, which that young lady perceiving, says : ' Well?' 'Don't say 'well' to me. I've just come down from the mansard,' gasped the widow Aliston.' ' From the mansard ?' ' Yes,' fanning herself briskly with the pages of an uncut magazine. Constance laughs musically. ' Why, Aunt Honor, you didn't expect to see the robbers running across the country, did you ?' 'Not I,' disdainfully. 5I wanted to see how long it took the news to get to— Mapleton.' 'Oh !' indifferently. 'And— they're coming/ ? So soon !' ' So soon ! and the sheriff, or constable, or coroner— who ia it that make3 these investiga tions ? He's coming, at any rate, whoever he is, with o mob at his heels. Whom did you send for, Con?' 'For Mr. O'Meavs, of course, and— I woald like to see Eay Vandyck.' 'What for?1 Constance laughed. ' Oh, I am fond o? Eay, you know, and I think he would offer some unique suggestions ; besides— dear me, auntie !' breaking off suddenly, ' I wish this farce was at an end,' Mrs. Aliston's gray eyes twinkled,, s Why, child, you may be thankful it's no worse. Sup pose — ' 1 Hash, Aunt Honor. ' Walls have ears,' you know. I have half a mind to take Mr. Lamotte into my — ' ' Constance Wardour, what are you thinking about P Take Mr. Lamotte ! that means Frank Lamotte and Madame Lamotte, and that means all the rest.' SI said 'half a mind,' auntio. I don'fc fchink the notion will eve? got its growth. I think we will see the end o£ this affair through our own spoctacles ; but — hear that noise ! Are they bringing a legion, of people P Auntie, I don't believe you haee had a cup of coffee yet.' ' Don't you P Well, I have, my child. Lot's go out and meet those people. They will bring all the divt th&t; lay loose on the highway on tho soles of their boots. Con,' turning suddenly, ' you doD'fc look solemn enough.' Without heeding this last remark, Constance Wardour throws open tbe door, and passes out and down the hall to meet the party just entering. There ia Mr. Soames, the mayor of W ? , very bustling and important ; Coriiss, the con stable, exceedingly shrewd in his own opinion, and looking on this occasion as wise as an owl ; Thomas Craig, Esq , sub-editor of the Argus : and some lesser lights, who, on one pretext or another, hope to gain admittance and sate their ouriooity. 1 Eeally, Miss Wardour,' begins the bustling mayor, 'really this is a sad affair! miserable affair ! Must have given you a terrible fright, and then the loss!— but we will find thorn. Of course your jewels, such valuables, can't be kept hid from sharp detectives— a— Corliss, what had we better do first?' for Mayor Soamos, lika mnny another mayor, is about as capable of ful filling his duty as an average ten-year-old. Corliss, however, comes gallantly to tho rescue. He is equal to any emergency ; there is nothing, if you take his word as proof, that Corliss is not equal to. 'First,' says Corliss, 'I think we had better — aham — investigate.' 'To be sure -investigate, of course— Miss Wardour, you have—' ' Closed up the disturbed roornV interrupts Constance, promptly. 'Yes, sir; I fear you will find little there to assist you. .Nelly, throw open the library.' The servant, thus commanded, took from her mistress' hand a key, unlocked the library door and threw it open ; and then the farce began. If there is anything ia all our dispensations of law and order that ig calculated to strike astonishment to tho heart and mind of a foreigner, it is our [American] offhand way of conducting a police investigation. In other countries, to be a magistrate, a notary, it means to bo in aomo dogree qualified for the position ; to be a constable, moans to possess a moderate allowance of mother wit, and a small measure of ' muscular Christianity,' and to discover a crime means to follov/ it up with a thorough aad systematic investigation. Saoh is not our mode. With us, to hold office means! to get a salary ; and to conduct on inves tigation nie*inn to maunder through somo sort of farce which gives the criminal time to make good his ascape, and to permit the newspapers to seize upon and publish every item, to detail every cluo as fast as dig covered ; all this being in favour of the law breakers, and detrimental to the conscientious officers of justice. Ia France, they complain of too much red tape in the police department. Let them supply us out of their superabundance ; we have too little. While Corliss 'investigates,' the mayor de livers an impromptu oration ; and Mr. Craig, of trie Argus, takes notes according to his own light. Oat of his inner consciousness the Argus man evolves an idea which Corliss is not slow to adopt and use as his own. ' I suppose they will have a detective down as soon as possible,' says Mr. Craig as Corliss lay one ruthless hand on an overturned chair. ' If I were you, Corliss, I would leave everything exactly as I find it, for the benefit of whoever works up the ease.' Corliss slowly lowers the chair to its former position, and turns upon Craig a look of offended dignity. 6 Why, what do you suppose I intended to do?' ' TJmph ! ' retorted Craig, with a disrespect ful sniff, 'I rather thought you intended to sifc down in that chan.' Turning hia back upon tho flippant young man, so sadly lacking in respect for the ' powers that be,' Corliss pursues his investigations. He has read in many novels and sensational news papers vivid descriptions of similar examina tions, and ho goes to work after the moat ap proved fashion, He scrutinizes the window, the open blind, tho cut pane, the hangings with in and the down-trodden shrubbery without ; he davis out and dives in ; ho peers under every thing, over everything, into everything; he inspects oves.1 and over again the mutilated writing oa9&, or Date, from which the treasure was actually taken : and rapn and sounds it as if in search of some private roceptacle that the thievoo had overlooked, or Miss Wnrdour never found out. Ho rogs down flat upon his stomach, and acrutinizes Miag Warbour's scru pulously sweet carpota in ooarch of a footprint in tho dust that is not there. While ho performs those feats tho mayor fol lows him about solemnly, and full of wondering admiration, and the man of tho Argus scrib bles and chuckloo and grins maliciously. Meanwhile, there have been other arrivals ut Wardour Place ; and Oonstanoo, leaving the inspectors to their own devices, is standing in her drawing-room talking earnestly with a broad shouldered handsome man, who looks much sur prised at the tale she is telling. ' How unfortunate, and how fortunate,' he says, depositing hia hat upon the table beside him. ' I came here to speak of our river excur sion, lo, I am in the inidat of a senBiition.' Constance laughed. ' And surrounded by forlorn females,' she sup plemented. ' Aunt Honor won't recover from the fright in a wook, although she looks bo fierce at present.' Mrs. Aliaton, who is seated at the farthest window, half buried by the lace draperies, and looking steadfastly down the road, pop3 out her head to rotort : ' It's time to look fierce : don't I know that those Vandals in tho next room will make ua big a muddle us if they were in oympathy with, tho bnrglasa.' Conutauce laughed easily. ' They cata't do much harm, auntie ; the burglars did not leave a trace ; I am positive of that.' Then turning to the new comer, ' I am very glad you came just now, Doctor Heath; you may help me with your advice. I have sent for my lawyer, Mr. O'Meara, but for some reason he does not come.' 1 Mr. O'Meara left for the city last night.' 'Oh! I am sorry for that; he would be sura to know how to proceed, and who to employ,, Dr, Hoath, you are of course acquainted in the city ; tell me of a good man, a really good one. I intend to spare no expense in hunting these robbers.' ' And these diamonds/ from behind the cnr« tain. ' Aunt Honor, you are like the ghost in the pantomime ; come out and be one of us.' 5 1 won't.' J Very well, then ! but seriously, Doctor Heath, if I can't secure but the one, let it bo the rubbers. Do you know I have a fancy that i[ we caught, thorn or him, it would put an end to some of our mysteries. You have not boea amongst uo very long ; but, don't you think we have more than oui' average of crime ?' ' I had not observed, Miss Wardour.' ' Less than a year ago, Brant, the jeweller,, was a heavy loser. Within the year, three banks in this vicinity have been robbed. Laafc sum= mer, Mark Olson, a farmer, drew from the bank several thousand dollars, intending to purchase land. Half way between W— — — - and his home he was waylaid, knocked from his horse, robbed, and left in the road senseless. I could name to- you no leas than seven private residences that have been burglarized within the past ten, months, and if I rotated to you the circum stances attending each robbery, you would be satisfied, ss I am, that, in every caso, the robbers knew their ground, and did not work at ran dom. ' And you have noted each of these events so accurately, Miss Wardour, and yet, were not warned.' ^1 have noted all these events, Doctor Heath,, and yet — have been robbed.' Doctor Heath bends his eyes upon the floors and remaina silent ; there is no possibility of reading his thoughts in his face. It is a fins face, however, and Mian Wardoui' muufc be pardoned if she takes advantage of this temporary abotraction, to gaze full at him for one moment. The close cropped thiok brown hair displays a well-shaped head, th© forehead ia broad and full, the eyes large, dark grey, and capable of almost any expression 5 usually they look out from his handsome face with a half contemptuous indifference to all things, that leads one to fancy those eyes mpy have a history ; this may or may not be the caseo Doctor Heath came to W« ? ?-- loss than & year ngo, armed with a personal certificate o£ merit from the first of New York physicians, bought out tho practice of a broken-down old! reaidentdoctor, fitted up a handsome office, an-$ settled down to hie buuinesa. He hired a small cottage as a place of residonce, installed a deaf old woman as housekeeper and maid of all workD and lived a quiet bachelor life, riding b good horse, smoking a good cigar, and growing m favour with polite W— — — — society. And this is absolutely all that ¥? ?.«tsM can tell concerning Dr. Clifford Heath. What was his past, whence ho came, what the length of his purse or pedigree, no one knows. People have triod to find out something— of course — but Doctor Heath has a wonderful way of set ting aside the hints of tho curious, and ho ignores the curiosity of W— — to know his pri vate history with a cool impertinence that is as exasperating as it is effectual. As he thinks, Miss Ward our watchoo ; but no change comes over tho calm, smooth shaven face ; every feature expresses firmness and strength and nothing more. ' And so you want an able officer to take this business in hand, Miss Wardour,' says Clifford Hoath, at length. ' If it is as you suspect, it will need a 3hrewd man, and you have no clue, save those that are now being inspected,' with a light laugh, ' by our worthy constable and his 8upportewo' Constance Wardouv arose and come close to tho table, speaking in a low voice. 5 Yes, Doctor Hoath, I will trust you, although I intended saying nothing of this until an offioer arrived. I have a cluo, slight, although it may be, it ia — ' She drew from nor pocket a small roll, and! unfolding ifc, hold up for his inspection, half of a fitio cambric handkerchief, and a tiny stoppered vial of finest cut glass, Docto? Heath glsraced at the vial and uttered! one word. ' Chloroform.' j ' Chloroform/ repeated Miss Wardour ; ' when i I was awakened, by the knocking at the door, I 1 found this/ shaking tha fragment of cambric, 1 lying lightly across my face ; aud the vial on ! the little night-btand beside my bed. Aunt ; Honor was rapping for lidmiltanco, and when ? she had made mo compr6hend the situation, wo \ decided that it waa bost to say nothing of this. 'What aeema most strange ia that it was ad ministered with go much care ; I qdi affected by the smallest quantity of the drug, and an ordi nary dose would have put 'jme under inodical treatment. I could not have left my bod for a week had they givon mo as much na would oervo only to stupify Aunt Honor there/ 'No/ interrupted Mrs. Aliston, once more half emerging from her window: 'it wou/d have been worse than that ; 1 think an over dose of chloroform would kill Constance. It seems as if they just knew how much to give.' Was it fancy, or did a troubled look rest for a moment in the eyoa of Dr. Heath, and on his countenance a ohado of pallor. 1 This is, to my mind, the most serious aspect of the affair,' said ho gravely. £ Mrs. Alicton is right ; an overdose of that drug would bo fatal .1 to you. Your life has been jeopardized. I agree ' with Mrs, Alinton ; vom1 investigation ia in the ) hands of bunglers; let us hunt these follows down.' ' I will soe that an officer is telegraphed for at once : but-- shall I send to tho regular bureau, or~how P' ' There is one man in tho city, if he is in the city now, who is qualified for the position he holds. He has withdrawn himself from the re gular force, and acta solely on his own responsi bility. He is much sought after, and possesses wonderful abilities ; some of his exploits have been truly astounding.' ? ' And this man is—' I ' Mr, Lamotto ; Ms*. Francis Lamotte/ an nounced a su'vant.' 'Show him in/ said Constance, at the same time gathering up the piece of cambric and the little vial and putting them in her pocket. ? Doctor Meclb. arose, and taking up his hat, murmured an apology. ; 'I hove a patient at this hour, Miss Wavdour, | and will call again during the day, You will not stand in need of my council now/ smilingly. I 'Mr. Lamotte can give you all needful advice, and he is sure to be right/ and Doctor Heath bowed himself out. 'The Wardour diamonds,' he muttered, as he mounted his horse. 'And to think that the? almost cost her her life ; a skilled hand was it ? Well, when the deteotive comes, I, too, may have a clue foe him.' (To ba continued.) 