PBOM SUBLIME TO RIDIdUUOTTS, 1 1 i i ' aL ? 'WiiEiir the appointment of Mr. E. B. Smith as Executive Commissioner to the Melbourne Exhibition was announced we were not, it may be remembered^ very satigiline' as to his probable success, except in one respect — that whatever else he might or might not succeed in doing in connection with that great World's Show, he would certainly suc ceed in making a show of himself. ¥e pointed out how many strong natural .quali fications the hon. gentleman had in himself to that end, and how it might fairly be ex pected that if we carried off the palm from all the other Australias in nothing else we easily would from the entire exhibition in the superior splendour, amounting to absolute sublimity, of our Executive Commissioner. 'We are equally, we tieed hardly say, of that opinion still. Mr. Smith has abated nothing of his sublimity since he took upon him hia new dignity and duties with the calm faith of conscious genius that he would prove equal to them both, and we nothing of our faith that his will last and sustain him, if no one or nothing else, to the end. But with our faith, though doubtless not in the least with his, has come to mingle another feel ingi suggested in the first instance as who can say how such feelings are, but latterly by very visible signs and portents indeed, reminding us irresistibly of the old truth that there is but one step from the sublime to the ridiculous and that it is just possible, nay* more than probable, standing as he always does at the very extreme point of sublimity, that our sublime Executive Com missioner will take it. That he should make a showj even what is sometimes irre verently called a ' holy show/' of his sub lime self might be put up with as ffiainly his own affair and in any case, however sub limely ridiculous, nothing out of the common or much to be surprised at ; but that he should make a show of us, of our court, where at the best we shall make such a poor show, playing second fiddle where we ought to have played first, seems an affliction hard to be borne, even in con sideration of a far higher order of sub limity than the hon. gentleman's wasted in our service. 'We really could not afford to be made more ridiculous than we necessarily must be at the Melbourne Centennial Exhi bition even by the sublime ' Great Spirit of the Land' itself, a working model of whose proposed national dwelling-place, other wise the State House, bones, monuments, muniments and all, would be scarcely a more absurd ' attraction to our court ' than some or the sublime fancies sug gested by Mr. Smith, if indeed, the whole affair be not covered with ridicule, as with a garment of many colours, by the extravagantly gaudy style of decoration said to be mainly affected by the ComimV sioner. Mr. Smith, it seems, like most of his order, likes colour and plenty of it, and under his hands, we are assured, there is no fear of the impression being given by the general appearance of our court that what is known in tho decorative art as the ' cBBthefcie heresy' has found any root in old-fashioned New South Wales. This is a matter of taste, and we should hare suspected as much from Mr. Smith's AvelUknown taste ; but a more serious matter is his brilliant sug gestion that our unfortunate court of many colours shall be doubly handicapped with a pair of ' attactive exhibits' of which the best that can be said is that if well exe cuted they might possibly do credit to au aver1 age waxworka show. One of these, described by the hon. gentleman in his usual felicitous manner as ' a souvenir of the first grand historical event in our annals,' it is sug gested, ' would appropriately take the form of a tableau of the landing of Captain Cook at Botany with such ornamentation and surroundings as would be at once pleasing to the eye and significant of the event to be commemorated.' Poor Captain Cook, who must be again ornamented and made pleasing to the eye as well as com memorated, as if his much-disturbed ghost must not be by this time utterly weary of the by no means usually ornamental pro cess ! The ornamentation, however, is to be in this instance much more ' pleasing to the eye ' than the usual hideous daub or transparency with its frame of glaring gas jets. ' Indigenous shrubs,' we are told, ' wild flowers, and other adjuncts would render this exhibit — for such it would prac tically be — one of the most attractive in the exhibition.' The italics are our own, but if the great navigator's own toddy-kettle and tin billy, preserved amongst our national archives, were included amongst the ' other adjuncts' they would add much, if not to the ornamentation, to the realistic effect of the ' souvenir,' and we are sure Mr. Smith will thank us for the suggestion. The other ia described — and we must not interfere with the bon. gentleman's own description of his own ideas — as ' a miniature model of the chief characteristics of the Jenolan Caves, oamely, its (sic.) most remarkable stalactites, stalagmites', and curtains.' ' This,' we stre gravely informed, ' would of course be & highly artistic work, de signed in the best taste and executed in the most skilful mannef, and would also be a most instructive lesson in the study of one of the most wonder derful phenomenon (sic) of its kind, so far as has yet been ascertained in Austra lia.' Say rather, so far as it may be possible to ascertain a phenomenon, hj far the most wonderful, if Mr. Smith's miniature model of this marvellous work of nature, though ' designed in the best taste ' and of most cunning workmanship (in cork, we presume) is to be anything but what one sensible member of the Sydney Commission called it, a ' piece of tomfoolery.' We should not like to apply that term to Mr. Smith's suggestion ourselves, but would rather suppose that the hon. gentleman is one of those who think that the sublime in nature, notwithstanding his own example to the contrary, is not always in ' the best taste,' and that as his miniature model will be, it will also be, like its sublime author, a model in every sense. 