mmsE. | Br THE AUTHOR OF ' Mr IiJLDr COQUEm.' | BOOK V. CHAPTER I Conliouod. ' . VENICE. ? ?' So o'er the lagnne We glided ; and from that funereal bark - Itean'd and saw the city, and did mark How from their many isles iu eveumg's gleam Its temples and its palaces did seem ' tike fabrics of enchantment piled to heaven !' That this man's life had bceu a chequered one was evident. A gamester's is ever a life of strange contrasts, of tajiid changes ; now in sunshine, now in darkn^t-s; one day rich, poccess'ul; ^lorioii?'; »he next reckless, tiojie le*s, desperaio. But the man was faithful to his word. . For one whole year lie dwelt with Raoiii de Yerdreuil, and in that time he never gave him the slightest cause to die : trust his promises. The - remorse 'he felt for his attempt on the life of -his benefactor never left him, and it purified and ennobled him, so thatUaouJ, watchful and carefully observant- of 4»?s actions, had never once re pented of a generosity which to the eves of the 'world would have seemed an outburst of Quixotic madnesH, but which had saved a human soul from -eternal death — the death in life of all that is pure and great within : it — which, instead of ablasphemous, venom ous, degraded outcast, showed a man alive to -his own responsibilities once «nore, and able and willing to bear them— a truer gene rosity than any charity gives to thoee whose bodies it rescues, whose souls it forgets. One night, just a year after Raoul had met li is assassin in the ruined solitude of the Forum at Some, lie was aloue with him in the charmcd and silent calm of a night in 'Venice. They were drifting slowly along beneath the marble walls, (he shadowy arches, the . mighty palaces, of that strange, weird; ghostly city, whose very life is still and wonderfol and awestruck, a« tliough some magician's spell enclosed it, which none can remove. In the -darkness of the night there was no sound audible save the bent of the oara in the water, or the soft, low cry jof a distant gondolier. The white gleam of the moonlight fell on dark marble piles, on quaint carvings, on mosaic liued walls— on all the massive, ancient beauty of past centuries, where, in those caa-batlied,' palaces, oligarchy had kept high srate, and the Bride of the Adriatic bad once held her nuptial feast. Raoul leaned back against the cushions of his gondola, and bis thoughts drifted far away to those days of splendour aud de.ight when the Adriatic had been crowded with returning fleets flushed with victory and sated with triumph — wiien the palaces, towering above that endless flow of gliding waters, 'had been £lled with the pageantry and glory of success — when women's beauty and reveller's mirth had filled the silence that now seemed eternal, and the glow and marvel of col our and ; loveliness had made the V-eniceiof the past bo different from t\e Venice of the present. Suddenly a voice startled him. He saw the dark, enthusiastic face of the Italian gazing at him iu the moonlit stillness of the ? summer night; it was strangely stirred and ?*' moved. , Signor 1' he said softly, 'it is a year to day since I first came to you — a whoio vear — and you have not questioned roe once of that life you saved. I promised yon once, long ago, that if a day ever came « hen I could tell you tny story J would do so. Iu a place, in a night like this, my youth, my : i hopes, jny . dreams of love came back to me again. If you care to listen, I will tell you how I Carlo Viotti became a gambler and an assassin.' 'Are you sure it- doe? not- pain you to rake up the ashes of the past? Tell «e nothing that distresses you,' said Raoul gently. He, too, was Baddened and softened by the mysterious hush, the tranquil, ethereal beauty of the Venetian n:ght. He, too. felt that his, years seemed cold, and passionless, \- and heavy-laden, as he floated over the mys tic depths of those calm laguti es. In such a night men'f hearts are attuned to softer passions, to sweeter thoughts, than ambition brings, -or ihe world bestows. In such a r night Baoul felt that the earth would tave been without shadow for bi:n couid one face shine out of the darkness around — could the * light of a woman's eyes and the touch of a woman's Jips make life a paradise such as only visited hiin in dreams. ^And yet, while such thoughts thrilled him with their sweetness, and wrapped him in their jov his vengeance was to meet him face to face at laBt ! CHAPTER II. ? ' ' A T£LE OF , THE PAST. ' Oil i she was fair ! Her nature once all sprang, And deadly bea.i ? . like a maiden -sword, Strikingly beautiful ! I see her now.' Cabxo yiOTTi drew nearer to Raoul ss he began his tale, and the soft, liquid Italian which flowed from his lips seemed to suit well the dreamy, shadowy beau'y of the scene, while they floated ghost like over the jtetog. gliding 'waters 0f the canal, and the fra grance of the sea-wafted air came stealing HfpjP' through the silence of the night. ] There ? was a lulling charm in the air around — a mysterious calm in the depths of Jr . the brooding shadows — and Raoul leant ' back with a sigh of regret for the mournful memories awakened, for the light and the peace of happy years that now might never visit him. And while the measured beat of ihe oars made a music of their own, while afar pff sounded the soft sweet melody of a gondolier's song — while 'the Jtush of the jbigfi't closed them in its deep I enfolding ihadows. Tthe utoty was told by the man he had rescued to Haoul de Verdrenil. .. c' Y^ars ago// |ie began, ' when I was a, pay.. I iived in jfapoule. You know Napoule . . ~ #|gnpr ?? JSo? Ahj ..a fair place, well known ' ' ^nMt^hout alLPfpvence. It lies in tfce shade of palms and orange #rovee. Only a little ^'^PBdingly with ever bloom:n|»*£)ftgs^ind luscious grapes and vine yards, Ply/Barents v/ept to live there when .. 7** and place so small ' - where e'vetybody knowp Jjjig - neighb o u rs' b usi nesx and liis neighbour's history, you mavbe. fiure gos.ip and scandal abounded, Well, there as an old woman who lived far up among the vinehills of Napoule, and who enjoyed but »n ill reputation among the people. Ifo one knew how she lived or what she did, and yet there was no want or stint in her hoose, nor any sign of poverty about her. A11 sorts of rumours and histories were nvented for her, but no one really knew anything about her affairs. One day a story went through the tillage that at midnight a carriage had driven up to her house, and a tall man wrapped up in a long fur cloak, .had got out of it with something like a bundle in his arini--. this may be, it was certain enough that fnun 'hat lime a child was beard and wem about the cottage — a litil.j fairy like, beautiful creature, with hair like gold dust, soft dark eyes, and lips like carnation buds. People wondered who the child was and whence it came, but the iwoinaii ne*er bctraved its origin by word «r look, and ihe mysterv was never solved. As the child grew up she 'was Mint to a convent among the hills to be educated. The rumour was that plie was to take the veil herself, but, looking at the lovely face and exquisite form, it wasimpnpsihlttl o helieveiliegirl would ever sacrifice her beauty, and bury herself in seclusion of such a life as ihat of a nun I was about nineteen, and she fifteen or there abouts, when I first summoned courage to speak to her. It was hard ever to get word or speech of her,' for the old woman watched her jealously, and took her everv dav to the convent herself. Ifo one ever was admitted to the lonely house on the hill side and there was a mysiery about the girl which gave'additional charm to h«r loveliness, and made many watch and wait, for opportunity to speak to her. None succeeded, however. She was too well guarded for that, but one day I, excited by curiosity, as manv of my friends and neighbours had been, went up to the convent aud liotcrei about the garden, jvflt outsiJe the walle,iu. hopes of Feeingthis wouderfui beauty. Ere Jong I heard a Voice singing on the other side of the wall. I lis tened, it was very low and sweet, a voice which thrilled and stirred my heaM as noth ing had ever done before. I looked around. Near by grew a tall tree with overhanging boughs. A moment, and I had slant? myself up to the level of the convent walls, actuated only by an impulse to see for mvself fhe sweet voice linger, whose voice had a power so great. I crept along the out stretched boughs ; before me were the convent garden, and beneath me, lying on the broad, tufted grasses Hud ferns^ with the shadows of the branching trees above her head, and her hair gleaming like gold in the sunlight was the girl I longed . to see — -the mysterious creature whom some said was a witch child sent for no good pnrpose to*iur peaceful vil lage, and whose spells had already worked mischief in the good folks' home. I looked at her silently — long. Anything so beautiful I had never seen or imagined. ' I look at her till* my heart -went out in that look— till my very lif-- ;md soul seemed : to leave me and centre it-=- If in that girlish loveliness, that -divide iV-nu. She saw me at last. She neither snreamed nor moved, nor appeared startled. Probably the monotony of her life had long wearied her, and she was glad of any change, or any novelty. She spoke to me softly' She bads me be careful I was not perceived, but it was the noon hour, and the good listers were all in the convent, and she was free for an hour to roam about the gardens. So much she told me, and that this was she quietest and most unfrequented .nook in ihe garden?, ?and we were not likelv to bo disturbed. I believe Bhe bewitched me from that moment I had neither thought nor wish but for ber. Day and night her face haunted me. A«ain and again I sought her at the same hour, in the same place, growing holder as lime went on, and even venturing to enter the sacred precincts of the convent gardens myself. She told me how she Jiated the restraint 'of her life— the quiet monotony — the strict seclu sion. . As time went on she was obliged -to live at the convent altogether, and the good nuns said it wouid^snon be her previlige to take the veil. Then it was that tiie truth flashed upon me — I loved her. To lose ber — to see her given up to such « life — a life worse than death itself — was torture unen durable. I lost all sell-comtnand, and in one of our meetings I told her oif my love. She said if only I would rescue and take her away from this life she would be mine. Mine ; What transports of enthusiasm, what idolatry of madness, what depths of bliss that word held for me then. To win, ber I would have sacrificed anything, everything aud to win her I set myself the work of res. cue and of sacrilege.' He paused. The light of that old mad ness gathered in his eyes ; the memories of that old dead, un forgotten time, when the forcer v and sweetness oi love had been his, kindled in his heart. His voice grew deeper more passionate, as it thrilled out in the stillness of the night, with the sweetest re membrances his youth had held. ' I loved her ; oh, God, how I loved her. I thought I bad outlived all softness of that memory, but its power can move me still. She was so beautiful 1 I deemed her so perfect, and yet all wrong and guilt and mad ness of my past life, I owe to her. Almost I doubt whether it is hate or love I feel wben I think of her as she was then, in that sweet golden summer time of my youth, when my heart's whole worship was laid at her feet, aud I reverenced her as the one pure, per fect thing the world contained. *' While I planned and thought on scheme after scheme, the very opportunity I sought came to me. My father was a man well off, with the finest estate in all Napoule, and I was his only son. He resolved I should not spend all my -lays in the quiet and the soli tude of this little dreaming village. I must see the world ; I must be great and famous ; and for this purpose he suddenly resolved to send me to a rich merchant's house in Paris. It was a good opening, he said and one that promised speedy advancement and much wealth in tune to come. This news tidied in well with my schemes. No one suspected I even knew the fair novitiate at the convent and everything seemed to happen just as I; wished. The day before that determined upon for her to take the vows of a uun, I was to leave Napolue. I arranged with her that I should provide a disguise for her, that she was to flee the day before I left, and we could meet half wayjto Paris, so that no one could suspect ns of having gone away to gether. She agreed readily to everything I wished, and all promised well for tfie success ?of our plans. (to be continue d.3 