'KIiu VnHie of the Stage and the Dkceline of Art. Bi Alfkkd Dasipiek. As all mon and jvumon are capablo iu Bomo degree of feeling pleasuro and pain, consequently tho chief end and aim of tlioir desires is to avoid pain and seek p'easuro. All except tho row whose enjoymont and nspirations aro passionately bound up with tho. work of tho day, must get n respite from monotonous lubor, aud to on- j.oy it thoroughly must turn their thoughts froui ti o well worn grooves and moulds in which "tlio mncbiuo of oviry-dny business tnovos, nnd repair to thoso metaphorical gardens nnd meadows aud lakes bathed in sun shine and kept iu order by tho imagination through tlio efforts of poets, paint-' rs, aud playors. Tho Drama, which is poetry in its highest aud most suggestive, as well as its most compa' t foirn, has ever been the chief intellectual rolsxu ion of the goneral public. It places t'to joys, sorrows, passions, fours, struggles, temptations an) triumph- that aro the eBBenco of poetry living -beloro tho audionce, and makes overy spectator, as it were, a poet for tho time- being by inspiring him with vivid sympathy for tho passions and omotions port rayed. Men and women, however, much resemble the " muttons of Panurgo" — when ono broaks through a thicket the other's follow headlong — and there is much discussion at the present lime as to tho decline io dramatic art aud tho desire made manifest by that mauy-headod per sotiality tho p'ay-going public for otlior pursuits. There oau bo no doubt also that skating rinks, which under a thin disguise bave token tho place of the old dancing-iooms, bav«, to usu an Americanism, "caught on." But that theatrical art has lost its value as n teacher, and a very great teacher, oxists only iu tho invorte- bruto imagination of fanatics, fanned into a ilatue by interested speculators. (I may point out also that in its entiro history there has nevor been a time' when tlio stage lias not. been exposed to the severost condemnation our language is capable of oxprosBing. It has always been giving, up tho ghost, always dead, or worthy of death j ' but tho drama is a vital priuciple and uniBt survive all vicissi- situdo while civilisation endures. And there has been no epoch in histrionic history when tho profession of acting — a profession of which I am proud to answer to my name when the "muster" is called — was so honored by tho wide sympathy of mtolleotual greatness. But a jar is felt by those who really love art by the attitude tociefcy takes with regard to her. Society may be said at present to flirt with art, not to marry nor, not to knit Lor into tho earnest, real life of evory-day duties. Thoro is a want of trno sensitiveness among tho Philistine class, as to tho high position which Dramatio Art has taken, and tho highest position to which sho is entitled. I feci that it is strange thoro should bo this coarso- iiO'.s of lihro and want of intelligent study of tho things which wo lo.irn through the eye aud ear, when there is so much delicacy and subtlety in the study of- thought and books. Tliue tho player's p roper. metier ie that of a toaohor v ho fathoms the depth of character, who traceB its latent motives, who comprohonds its philo sophy, and thus possessing himself of tho actual mind of man, holds him up as a mirror to Nature. And it speaks volumes for tho drama's esprit tie corps in an age when playgoers too often pay a player in an invorso ratio to his desorts, wliou tlioy go to tho theatre, not to see tlio play, but be cause it is the ;fashion, or because they are borod, that theatrical art now-a-days is more coherent, syste matic, aud comprehensive than it has over been; The exact effect also of tho actor iu introducing refining influences to the great " heart aud brains" of the people has hardly boon rt-alisud. Without tlio stago, where aro thoso who do not go to- c' urcb;. who uro not reached by theT gloYod hand of fashionable religion,; to learn even an olementary idoa of morality ? Tho teachiug of tho theatre renchos many who would find tho t- aching of tho church above th'oir IioikIb, at loast, but for it. It is a step to higher things, and it is tho host modo of instruction ever in vented. Tho monks, when they had tlio illiterate to deal with, rosortod to miraclo plays as the only mean to j ponetrato tlioir dull faiultios. In tin modern melodrama the character ()f tlio old mysteries suwivos and, under new names, teaches the -old, old lesson ; and I assert my belief that it is from tho stage, nnd from the stage, almost solely, in tho crowded cities of Europe, that tho elomoutary and most essontinl 1 ssons of morality aro loarut. Tho theatres aro roally tho complement of tho churchoJ, and without them morality would droop and die among the inni- ses. Howevor trite and comtnonplaoo a drama may be in the opinion of thoso " ompirios of literal uro," who iu their haste to bo critical .overlook Ihe good of tho ensemble to point out the bad dressing of. a super, .it must) accomplish a certain amount of good. I aoceired during my Bydnoy seas 11 lottors from all Borts and conditions of pooplo — lottera from clergymen, doctors, lawyers, ladies aud, most wckomo of all to mo, letters from the mass of tho groat paying public ; letters quaintly expressed, curiously-vrritton lettors, which showed that strained relations Buhsistod botwecn tho writ itor and tho la'o lamontod Lindley Murray, but lottera striking in thoir unforced unmeant pathos, at onco touching and true as tho tender realistic human nature of Bret Hnrto. Ab regards tlio common complaint that mai-agors cater for tho million, I admit it frankly. A. manager, without ceasing to be an artist,' must of nocossity weigh tlio commercial sido of his enterprise. Tho drama's laws tho drama's patrons giro. And thoso who live to ploase must pisaio to livo. . Erorn tho temper of tho times it is a. foregone conclusion that wo should abandon tlio falso hope of pampering, the faint appetite of tho : scholarly class, and adminislor to tho more generous demands of tho public as contra- distinguished in thoir collective capacity from coteries, cliquos, and critics. Formerly tho first thing to bo considered was tlio fastidiousness and ease of tho higher ranks, now it is tho tasto and convcnienco of the inillioD. Tho effect of this discovery upon tho quality and charnctor of tlieatiical entertainment cannot be tliaguis- d or evaded. It has very con siderably modilio'.l thorn, d'awu thorn down from tho naked heights they onco occupied, and brought thorn nearer to the li carta and intelligences of the mttssos. Tho old stage grandeurs, the lofty solemnities, tho dignified legiti macy, so lull of awo, has t -tterod liko the slippered pantaloon, from off tho boards for ever and' a day. Tho modorn playgoer dosires an ontert&ipq; mont that stiall respond to tho exist ing condition of mankind, to tho pr gross of tho world, to tho rapid uttoraaco of that political and Bocial spirit which has brokeu up old forms aud stamped a now vitality, upou the world. Tho quidnuncs and deuunc;a« tors, tho people who condemn, and tho pooplo who criticise have contrived more % i.-norant stupidity than actual malica to advertise tho stock reproach that wo as n nation havo no drama and no exponent of tho diama and' that our stago is inferior to that of auy other ' ouiitry equally civilised. For continues tho drama has . boon suppressed. At first by the priests, who, having used tho stage as au ally, grow jealous of its power. Again by tho -Puritans, who, wo have Lord Mncaulny'a word for objected to it on much 'tlio. same principle that tlioy disliked boar baiting, not so particu larly on accouut of the pain occa- siono-f to tho quadruped as tlio plea sure afforded to the biped. Tlio. thoatro hai boon sonned, and .the name of tho great dramatist 'whom playhouses and -player havo mado known to tho people is -t-'ivV ceivod ns if ho really was tlio representative of English lunor, English intelligence, .and art. But tho major portion of this rovor once exists only in tlio mind's evp and for ali practical purposes it was useless. Tho very persons who dignify, tho pout, elect as a rule to disparage the interprator of his pootry. ; Nay, more, thoso who decry tlio stage aro noc seldom pocketing profits from skating rink shares. Tho desire for novelty h no dis credit to our community. Changes have pa'aod over tho wor'-d aud it is nocossary to adapt ourselves to them. Shakspcaro, who iB universal and as independent of modes and customs as a human genius depicting tho passion -- of lifo through human char acterisation can bo, is always supreme. But Shnkspearo alono and tho wholo of tho mighty baud of tho old drama in his train ciinuot keep our play- houso-i open. Hysterical critics may ucciuo modern playgoers of a ten dency to Philistinism. Certainly thoy aro not ascoticB. They livo in a world of wrong if not of sorrow, and thoy grasp eagerly at a moment's escape. And why should thoy not? Provided, always that lie pays honos'ly at tho door, not sneaking in tnoanly with an order. A man who pays has a right lo dictate to managers what kind of amuse ment should be provided for his delectation. Ho may also he trusted to know what he. likes best. For him tho play-heuso exists, nnd it is ho who supports it. Tho publio will havo interesting melodrama, for the roal fact is that tho average playgoer is intonsoly human, and in tbo tortus of tho French quotation that has nevor yet beon answered, " <2«e voulez 8Bi>/.s?" Tho cultured mav rovol in t(re'-..,periods of Gibbon, but tho majority do not regard the docline and fall in any otlior light but that of a Iponanoo. Tho theatres provide puro amusement for the masses who caii, lis I havo said, ho nppealed to' in no other way. Thoir choice of onter- taiiimont lies between the skating rink, tho public-house and tho play house, and whilo tho thoatro keeps pooplo out of the tavorn it can never claitu to ho doing wrong work in the world. That nulioncos like melo drama is true, and melodrama con tains an excellent moral purpose-. Even now in an ngo of obstinate possimissm the sympathy with th» notor and with- tho paBsion of tho drama is exteudod to tho whole congregation of spootators. Tho inter change of scntimont is rapid and vivid ; tho tonrs which flow iu un expected. , harmony rbVeal kindred naturos' concealed under the con von-' tionalitios of commonplaco existence. An " lionost hearty laugh ringing through a crowded houso has brought many hearts aud handH together ; or the universal acknowledgement of a beautiful thought spokon or acted Iiob us.aited often a sympathetic audience, who see with exultation that ono groat idea on tho stago can stir largo maasos and break down tho barrier between one class aud another — oven botween distinct nationalities. This is tho greatest value of tho stago. Thoro is ono inoro point I should like to mention and that is the preten tious carping that is- creoping into modern criticism. It should he re- incmberod that the stago even at its highest has ono peculiar and melan choly, featuro which belongs to ic alone of all tho fine arts. The fame to bo won is but mortal and the effects of the -performer perish in the moment of creation. Ho- does not address posterity ; lie has to bo " content with contemporary plaudits. He hears the shout of livingttriumphj but loaves behind him few records for romoinbrance Fortunatus, it is known, Ijad only a lifo interest in his purso, and at his death it yuuishod with liitu. Even so, the fatno of tin artist would servo as an illustration of tho Arabic proverb, " To-day a tiro, to-morrow ashes." If Thespian successes aro moro extra neous nnd overpowering than tho pro ductions of gomus in any other direc tioD, thoy are also inorii evanescent. If thoy combine in ono enchanting formall that taste and talont have ncliievod iu tho sister arts, tlioy ex pire iu tho midst of tlio light thoy have producod Tho genius of the composer lias brealhod tho soul ol h rmony into his pieces. The n ighty conceptions of Handel, tho bowitch- ing melody of Mozart will captivate m-i ukind to tho end of timo. And although tho skill of tho vocalist lives, tho tasto of tho performers is hoard no moro when the strains aro ovor ; the music remains, and anothor artist will recall again the first illusiou, but no ono can recall, nothing can porpotuato tho nobler conception of the uctor. Tho gener- , ntion who" has witnossod may rotain Dvjndeod thoir inimitable perfection indelibly engraven on thoir memory, but nothing can convoy it to future generations. Let people remember there is no 'decline,' merely an alteration, in tho tendency of tho drarau, and tlio oxtraordinary increase in theatres within t ho Australian colonies arguos and argues rightly an increase in tho number who support them. Let religious pooplo think what Henry Irving said only tho other day, " I am not aw-iro there is any divorce botwo.'n Christianity and honest re creation," and that Martin Luther was of opinion that " Christians should not altogether fleo from comedies because uow nnd then there are coarso matters in them." For tho. same reason we might cease to road the. Bible. — Boomerang. 