Concert at Emu Plaiiie. A Concert was given on Wednesday Inst, in aid of Mr. Frost, who recently met with a heavy loss through his house and its contents being completely burnt to the ground. The entertainment was got up by Emu Plains and Penrith ladies and gentlemen amateurs, and with one or two exceptions passed off well. Tho people of Emu, who all seem to sympathise with Mr. Frost, turned out pretty strong, the Hall being nearly full, Mr. T. B.-Smith occupied the chair. Misses E. Walker and York and Mr. J. Hill acted as accompanists to the various singers and performed their parts creditably. The entertainment commenced with a pianoforte selection by Miss York and Mrs. H. Evans and wadf played in capital stylo. Then followed a song by Sir. J. Thurston, " The fisherman and his child." This was well done. A song by Mrs. Home, " Tit for Tat," was rendered fairly well, her voice appeared a little out of sorts for that song. " Call me back again " by Miss Thurston was sang well, and the audience did call her back again and she sang the lastvereeof the same 6ong. Miss A. Evans then sang .' Oh Barney take me home." This young lady has a good voice but she appeared to bo very nervous. She responded to an encore. An Irish speciality by Mr. S. Summons entitled .'McGuffin, Esq., " was fairly well done. Syd. has lost his voice but his style brought forth an encore and he responded with an Irish jig. " The blind girl aud her harp," by Mrs. J. Smith was done in capital style. Mrs. H irne sang " May dny ' fiiirly well. A niiml j;j> by Mr. D. Rob ton wad creditably |>erioiiiit»l >iuu u. li.nl to re spond to an encore. A tambourine uket-b by Mr. 8. Summons and Mr. W..Howie?, entitled, "Yon don t say so." was not up to the m.irk. Summon* appeared to do liis part well and caused I he people to laugh, but Uowtasdid not sum to uudeistnud tho business at all. This brought tho first part of the perfor mance to a close. Mr. J. Hill Btarted the second part of the entertain ment with a pianoforte selection. A violin solo by Mr. Breyley, jun., nccompanied by Miss E. Walker on the piano, was cleverely performed. He received well merited applause. Messrs. I). Kolston and G-. Long in a double song and dance was done to per fection. They had to respond to an encore. '.White wings " by Mr. J. Thurston was fairly well rendered. This ong hardly suited Jack's voice. Master Percy Smith then sang " The brokers are in." This took well, although Percy's voicc is out of form. His comical style and appearance greatly amused the audience. A stump speech by Mr. S. Summous, " The Chinese question," was rendered in his usual good style. He wa3 accorded an encore, but did not comply. Mr. W. Bowles in a negro specialty was, not appreciated by tlie audience and was rather tame. " Ballyhooley " by. Mr. J. Smith was only fairly rendered. He appeared to be suffering from a cold Mr. T. B. Smith then rose and said that Mr. Frost had asked him to thauk the audience and the people of Emu and surroundings, also the performers at the concert, for the liberal way in which they had as sisted hira. He said he also wished to thank them as he had known Mr. Frost for a long time. The people of Emu and surroundings, he said, had responded liberally.' £? The entertainment concluded with a farcc, entitled '. Shut that gate." The characters were Mr. W. Bowles, as "brave boy;" Mr. S. Summons, as '. braver boy Mr. D. Kolston, as " Mr. Fidgety Mr. G. Long, as " ghost." This caused considerable amusement. , Upwards of £G realised by the concert, and over £50 by subscription. 