Baptism of the Qneen's Granddaughter. THE REV. DR. CAMERON L?E8 OFFICIATING. An event of some historical interest took place a few weeks ago at Balmoral Castle, the occasion being the celebration of the baptism ... of the infant daughter of His Royal Highness rrinoe Henry of flatten ourg and itler is-oyai . H;ghneas the Princess Beatrice. The young ' Tinciu, the second child of their Roy si Highnesses, was born at Balmoral Castle on tba afternoon of Monday, 24th October, and in announcing the eveot 'tbe "Court Ciron-ar" elated tbat the birth wa the first chat had occurred in the Royi Family in Seotland since 1609. Oa 19ch November of i that year the ill-fated Ottarles I., second son of Jaraei I., was bo;n at Dunfermline. Pro bably the buptism -<f the Princess Beatrice's little daughter was the first uoder the Pres byterian lorin that has «ver occurred in the Royal Family since the Union. The baptism wai celebrated in the drawing-- room of cbe oastl, a spacious apartment, assessing characleriaiic? of a Highland hom«. tus tumisure heicg upholstered m j tartan doth, of which material the window ' nvk-:'it -ss'ca hl«3n iinmnhbad rPha vaavvi xnaa \- J "«0 vw»»|r»w< 'Ml A VMA « . epqsiplly embellished for the occasion. The fontwas placed on a square pedestal, 6no6«d in crimson cloth. The font was the large, chastely-ornamented gold one which has being need in :h« baptism of all the members »f the Royal Family. At the base of the pedestal, and arranged around the base of the font, there was a. chaste display of leaves and covers, comprising white chrysanthemums, £l«pe|asmine, arbor vitae sprigs, white lilies, and maidenhair ferns. The water in the font ame from the River Jordan. While' the Royal party entered the dr&wing-; . room the Madrigal Choir sang a choral by -JIB EL Prince Consorts In hfe'sgay morn, ere sprighf Sy youth By vice and folly is enslaved ( (%, may thy Maker's glorious name £s on thy Infant mind engraved. This verfi' w»w also being sung while the infant Panceis was brought into the room by Xiady Biddulph and two nurses. Dr. Cameron Lees then performed the ceremony of baptism I according to the simple order of the Church of Scotland, Her Majesty holding the infant Princess while the water was sprinkled on the child's face. The names given were— Victoria Eugenie Julia Eva. Immediately after the baptism, the choir sang "St. Francis," by Sir Arthur Sullivan, the words specially arranged "hang— Father, Thou Who bast created all, la wisest love we pray .Look on this babe, who at Thy gracious call, la entering on life's way, Rand o'er her in Thy tenderness, Ahtae linage on her soul impress. O Father, hear. <3, Son of God, who dledst for n?, behold, Wo bring oar child to Thee ; Thou, tender Sheph3rd, take her to Ihy fold, Thine own for aye to be ; Defend her throueh this earthly strife, And lead her On the path of lit O, Son of God O, Holy Ghost, Who broadest o'er the wave. Descend noon this child : Give her uadjisg life, her spirit lave With waters uudefifed ; Grant he', whj'e yet a bats to be \- A child of viod. a home for Thesw G, Holy Gnost 4 Dr. Cameron Lees then offered up prayer, and thareaf'er the choir sang "Now thank we all ou God." Dr. Cameron LeeB then pioaoTuiced the Benediction, and the cere mony ws oyer, having lasted about twenty minutes. The scene presented was very picturesque. Her Majesty wore a black drees and white cap. The keepers and ghillies wore Highland dress, and the bright hue of the tartan, as well pa of the scarlet coal# most of. the men- "OCPflOts wore, added colour to the scene and . N3g#& its eilect. raosc or me servants nb- "'nfei!nn medals. After the Ceremony was wore «i . had been invited o witness ?7£T'J r l' In the ballroom. We under . , S1 « pjwaes the servants Utand Her Ma, ggqamemoretio# of the with souvenirs in ®v®n4. London '' Pres? On the above ceremony the following byterian" of 2nd December . infant Prin- vpmarks " The baptism of tb. Minister cess ac Balmoral by a Prsbyteriu r" has produced agreat obmmotion an. - ii w High Obnroh party in England. True . that the Rev. Dr. Cameron Dees is a minis- v of the/ Church of Scotland, to the mainte- nance of which the Queen is pledged by her Coronation oath quite as much .as to that of the Church of England. He is moreover, one a! Her Majesty a chaplains, and Dean of the Chapel Royal and of the Order of the Thistle. All tht, however, is nothing in the eyes of those arfaatoM of a monopoly to all clerical functions'. ' We may believe,' says the "Church Review, fcnat the child is validly baptised, since the church recognises lay baptism.' How exceedingly condescending \- r.-raffefeSa" olr.the 'Church Review to make ' admission when the layman' " in . qsntion is a Presbyterian minister and Royal ohapl∈ ! The Oburch Times' cannot \- "find any language e all adequate to_ express fig emotions ; and consequently prints the announcement of the baptism in the most eonspicuoue part of the paper, merely pre- f faclog it by Baying : — ' We give the greatest ing paragraph.' Fortunately the- nation. at \- large has not the slightest sympathy" with ohurchmen of1 that %drt ; kiid their outbry is more likely to excite ridicule than to gain appreciation from any but their own exclusive clique." 