ft PARLIAMENT. I p IVkdhlumt. Mat 2. K LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY. ' |n$ The Homo met at 3.30 p.m. K1 Technical Education. R In answer to Mr. Kktiiel, the MINIS KTEK OF EDUCATION said the question Kof finding other accommodation lor the HKTccbntcal Board was under consideration. BgTho Government wcro also desirous of xITvcttQK an improvement on tho preeont HHObject of rendering it more sound and RBMnoro nrotltablo, but ho could not promise Htio introduco a bill dealing with tbo matter Hftcfore next session. MB Centenary Celohrations. 9E$ In answer to Mr. Cucer, tho COLO- KjUAL THEASUUKR said bo Itad given BBidircctions for a return to bo prepared HShbowirig tho actual expondituro of tho BXSO.OOO for tho Centenary Celebrations. B| Chairman of Committoes. W Sir 1IENHY PAUKES said ho very Knauch regretted having to announce to tho KsBoun' tliat tho Chairman of Committees. HKllr. Angus Cameron, was daogeroiulv iU. HHfind nothing but coupleto rust would ro- BgCtoro his health, llo therefore movod that BHthrco months Icavoof absonco bo granted gto Mr. Cameron. HflPvl bo motion was agreed to una con. IBffih Ashfield Water Supply. BBS'vMr. MARTIN asked tho Colonial Score if ho would communicate with tho I K&i-;'Water and Sowcrago Board, so as to have ©ft' tho work of providing Aahflold with a jwr- I afcVjenancnt whUt supply expedited, mm Sir I1ENUY PAUKES said ho would 99nbring tho matter undor tho notico of tho hut ho thought tbo more simple, ffHSfbrpeditious and proper eourso would bo if matter was brought undor tho notice I tbo Board direct. Qnecn-street, jIUUXd movod— " That this Uooso : ' '<.vlll,to-:uoriow, rcsolvo itself Into a Com ' ntUteo of tho wholo to consider tho ex. .. pediency of bringing In a hill to nut borlso tbo formation of a street in lieu of Qu-xm- ?:i- /.street, in tho city of Sydney, to declare ii . Qucen-Htri'et vested in tho Commissioner Vv;s><iorBailvray!t, and to provide for tho sale And dedication of certain (anils resumed &£>' for trnmwuy purposes." Tho motion won agreed to. jffydranlio Power Company's Bill. Mr. BHUNKEU moved— 1 "(1.) That tho SggejBjdnoy and Suburban Hydraulic Power gg&aCoiupnnys; iiill l>o referred to a Select SnggCoiouiittee. witb power to send for ponons Bffiffaod jmpers, for consideration and report. 8858(2.) That such Coinmittco consist of Mr. gr£g|Creer, Mr. Carruthers, Mr. Day. Mr. flail Frank Famuli, Mr. Gnrland, Mr. Kothel, gjfthlr. Melville, Mr. Frank Smith, Mr. Wall, gKge'And the mover." HnS: Tho motion was agreed to. Tattcraall'a Club Bill, BBm .'- On tho motion of Mr. UASSALL, Tat BEtersaire Club Bill was read a third time, BStpassed, and returned to tho Legislative BByCoancil. Silverton Tramway Act. On tho motion of Mr. DAY. tho Silver Hvion Tramway Act Amendment Dill wan SB&irsd; a third timo, passed, and forwardod gflHFto tho Legislative Council. SR;3)eputy Chairman of Committees. Halri Tbo SPEAKER nominated Mr. Jacob Bw&Oarrard; to not as Deputy Chairman of Committees for tliat day only. Bjj&' Government Hallways Bill. The llouso then went into Committeo to Vv' .'.'further consider tho message of the Legls- VVlatlvo Council rolativo to their amend ','v ' meats in tbc Government Railways Bill. / Sir HENRY PAUKES had moved that v . tbo Assembly does not insist onitsdisa agreement with the Council's amendment omitting sub-section 3 of clause -»7, SprovidiDg that tho Commissioners should givo contracta outside tho colony. gbwH Mr. DIBBS said when this amendment ttS.r 'aa previously before tho Coumitteo he mSl," ventured to point out to the Colonial SgiA'i; Secretary that tho clear object and inton Fyⅈ Don of this sub-section was for tho purposo 'tir,;-. of allowing the Government to commit gg- tbo Railway Board to manufacture loco- motives and all other material in the rafo colony. Uo was then told by tho Promier Hgrt that that was not tho intention of tho Hu! words. Yet now the Premier asked them SKl to accept tho amendment of tho Council filly, and tho interpretation that that body Eluccd on tbc words. Tho reason given y the Council was that they "faired if EM) tho sub-section bo allowed to stand part 3wn of tho clause any future Government ggg opposed to tbo present fiscal policy of tho country would have tho power to disallow mmr tho Commissioners to enter Into contracts SB? outiido New Bouth Wales oven though Ira it may bo considered absolutely in tho gW interests of tho colony to do so." lio SJ,V maintained that tho Qovomment should 5»;g have taken a high stand In this question, and denied tho right of the Council to #Si- interfere with a taxing bill, for clearly jgFJ; tliis was a money bill. Uo hoped tho $7 Committee would not accept the amend mi nt of tho Council. If the Committee jjwj acctptcdlthu motion of tho Premier tlio gU position they would bo la would bo that lujt tho Uoard would have tho power without J consulting the Government or Parliament $ of ordoring thoirrnlling stock whorosoevcr they might please. Mr. FLEl'CUKll hoped tho Co'iiuittoo would not glvo this powor to tho Botrd tj go whorovor thoy might chose for the pur ehsso of roiling stock, Ac., oven in tho very faeo of tho will of Parliament. lie hopod either tho sub-icction would bo cither retained or tho wholo clauso would be rejected. Mr. TOOHEY maintained if tho Assem bly wcro to givo way on this question thoy absolutely surrendered its right to tho Upper llouso, and ho hoped such would nnver bo tho case, and that the sulMJootion would bo retained. Mr. FRANK SMITH was opposed to placing such a limit as that proposed in tho sub-section on the Commissioner, and' he hoped tho amendment of tbo Council wcold be agreod to, and the sub-section rejected. It should bo bornoin mind that some persons were so mad tint they would not get a singlo piooo of machinery from abroad if there was a ghost of a show of getting it manufactured in the colony. (Opposition cheers.) Mr. WALL considered tho sub-section did not ask too much, and would prove vory necessary. Even if tho sub-Motion wcro retained, it would not prevent con tracts being entered into outsldo the colony, ob seemed to ho supposed. U simply txuulo theso contracts subject to tho approval of tho Government. Mr. M'MILLAN said thoro'was no doubt that thcro must bo somo restriction on tho commissioners in entering into extensive contracts. Uo denied that tho oucslion of Protection was involved in this sub- section. But ho believed If a Protectionist Govcmmcut came into power a Minister would bo likely to con- atruo this sub-section oa an ordor to got as much as possihlo done within tho colony— (Opposition cheers)— and not to go out uf the colony for any work, unless in very exceptional cases. (Renewed cheering.) Uo folt tho amendment of tho Council should be agreed to. Mr. O'bULLIVAN considered tho sub section very necessary, and tiie powor it gavo to tho Government should always be in tho hands of tho Government. Uc twitted Mr. Frank timlth with tho spooch lie bad just dolivcrcd, in tho face of his speech delivered to tho employees at Mort's Dock on Saturday last, nud wherein ho woo reported to havo come out a red-hob Protectionist. In fact, ho threatened to cross the lieor of tho llouso if the locomo tives wcro not uodo in tho colony— Mr. Frank Huith : I didn't say anything of tbo kind— (" Ob ! oh!" and laughter)— and ho belioved Mr. llawthorno mwlo a similar statement. Mr. UAWT110RKE : Mort's Dock Com Odeca net caro a brass button whuru Momotivcs nrn uodo. Mr. J. P. ABBOTT maintained that tho Government could not justify a clauso of this kind as consistent with their Free- trade principles, because it was absolutely opposed to thoso principies. Uo did not wont hybrid Protection or hybrid Free- trade, and from this Government they wcro getting a iittlo of both. Tho otitis- /ion of- tho sub-section would allow tho Commissioners to enter into contracts without tho sanction of tho Government, and if that was to bo allowed, how could tbo Government control the liabilities of tbo Crown? Mr. REID said thcro could bo no doubt tbo effect of this sub-section was exactly tho effect of Protection, and ho hoped the committeo would Agree to the omission of tbo sub-section. Mr. FRANK FAllNELL thought tho amendment of tho Council a very proper one, and ho hoped tin) Committee would ogreo to it. Mr. CREER maintained that it would bo In tho truo interests of tho colony to encourago local industries for tho tnanu- facturo of railway materia), and ho con sidered that if over thoro was a timo wbon tbo Government should stand on their dignity and not giro wajj to tho Legisla tive Council, this was tho time. Sir HENRY PAUKES said tho sub section did not provent tbo Commissioners from entering iuto contracts outsldo the colony, hut mudo those contracts subject to the approval uf tho Government, und the some provision woa embodied in the Victorian Act. Mr. TOOHEY : But thcro it tea Pro- tcctioniat Government. Sir UENRY PARK ES : It it, what tho hon. member understands vory welt, " half and half." Homo further interjections took placo, when Sir Uksry Parks threw the hill down upon tho table, at the satoo timo remarking, " Unless you can securo mo a hearing, Mr. Garrard, I shall say nothing Mr. GARRARD asked hon. members to abstain from interjecting, but pointed out that tho Premier was somewhat to blame, inasmuch oa he had returned the fire. bir UENRY PARKES said that bo paid no attention to tho reason of tbo Legislative Council that tho clauso might be used for tbo purposo of Protection, because, if a Protectionist Government canio intooOlce, it might naturally enough adopt a policy or course of action con sistent with tbo principles which it had Vein returned to represent. If a Protec tionist Government cauio into oillco as representing Protection in tho constitu encies of this colony, it would not he right for him to interfere. If tho Government had," by a change in tho popular mind, and supported by tho t>oop!o of the country on a Protectionist platform, been placed In power, lb would hi utterly wrong and criminal on tho part f tho Free-traders, even If they had tho ?<oier, to try and upeot it. (Choars.) i'hey, as Free-traders, would bo Abusing their functions, their duties, thoir privi leges, if they enacted any law which would restrain, or interfere witb, or frus trate tho policy of a Protectionist Govern ment, if in counoof timo such an Adminis tration should bo returned to power. iChccra.) Tho members of tho Legisla tive Council wcro appointed just a- policemen were appointed— (Oh ! and laughter)— although no recognised that there was just as much intelligence In that body as thcro was in tho Legislative Assombly. Uo denied that there was any sscritico of tho Assembly's privileges in aud tlio coarso which ho was advocating. Mr. LYNE said that it tho Premier really believed that tho Council had o iu si powers with tho Assembly, ho was vtcri- ticing tho powers and tbo privilege.) whh!i the Assembly poasescod. Hurcly Uo did not mean to say that the Council In I equal powers in regard to tho money bills ? Sir HENRY PARKES: I specialty Ac cepted appropriations and oilier money bills. (Ministerial cheers.) Mr. LYNE certainly understood that tho Premier had tnado no reference to ap propriation bills, except in conncsting them with tho originating of uioauy bills. Mr. GARRARD : Tho hon. moniber must accept tho Premier's explanation. Mr. LYNE : Uc should Iiko to hoar tho Picmicr in Opposition, if n Premier of an other colony had given utterances to such sentiments us ho had that afternoon. As far as be was concerned, whon ho intro duced tho clauso into hio own bill, his wish was to give concessions to manufac tures here to tho extent of freightage and commission, nnd n certain percoatogo besides, but certainly not to nltow any body of commissioners to go out of the colony and make purchases without con sulting tho responsible Minister, and without tlio Minister, in his turn, consulting tho Cabinet. Uo might say that whatever might bo tho vnluo of the remarks which he had to make, it was not courteous on tho part of tho Premier to walk out of tho llouso when ho began t> speak. (Hear, hear.) Considering that bo hod introduced a previous hill of which this was partly a copy, tho Premier might at least havo rcmnincil thcro nnd listened to what ho had to ray. Tbo Premier know that ho had not a piece of ground to stand upon, and however much no might repeat that ho was not sacrificing tho rights of tho Chamber ho .would not convince tho public, and would not convince a very largo number of members that ho wiu not. (lieor, hear.) Ho quoted from provimn peeclu'B by ttir Henry I'arkes to euow that he hud previously advocated a totally op posite course to that which lie won now ad vising should bo taken. At tho nresont time railway rolling stock and other material could not bo bought in England, or olso- where without the consent of tho Govern ment, but if this clause were not retained in tho hill there was nothing to prevent tho Commissioners sending out of the colony for JC1, 000, 000 worth of material for tho railways. Mr. FLETCHER died as an instane-t of how an imported Commissioner might bo prejudiced, that a certain locomotive engineer bod crippled tho manufacture of 'ocouiotlves in this colony by favouring curtain finns. Mr. QAKVAN opposed tho courso advo cated by tbo Premier. Ho trusted that tho Uouso would not stultify itself by going bock upon its previous action. Mr. STEPHEN regretted that tbo Pre mier would not givo way. Mr. TOUUEY, in onlur to test tho ques tion, tuovod tho emission of tho words "docs not" in tho motion. Sir UENRY PARKES insisted that tho Commissioners could not spend without the consent of tho Legislature, because Parliament would surround each voto with conditions which wuuld prevent that. Mr. O'MARA opjioaod tlio motion. It was a rcuinrkablo thing, after tho Govern ment having, nt tho last general election, expressed its intention to "crush this creature Protection," that ono of its bills was altered by tho Upper llouso because it had betrayed tho trust which had Iwen placed in it as tlio representatives of Frco- trndo in this colony. He opposed the xuution. Mr. YAUGUN considered that if tho Council were unwilling to forego their amendment tho matter should ho sub mitted to n conforcnco of both Uouscs. Mr. W. J. ALLEN was in favour of a similar course being taken, and cxprmuod uhopothattho sub-section would bo re tained. Mr. ALFRED ALLEN considered that tho Upper llouso should havo a voice in tho matter, and ho thought they were well within their rights in omitting tho sub section. Tho amendment was then put, nnd negatived on division. Ayes, 31 j Noes, 11. On tho original question being put that the Assembly does not insist on its dis agreement with the Council's amendment in omitting sub-section 3 of claure 17. Mr. O'MARA pointed out that to ac quiesce in tho amendment of tho Council meant Biinply to allow ono member of that Chamber to set oildo tho will of the Assembly, and in asking tho House to acquleico in the defeat of this clause tin- Uovernrnt asked thvui to acquiesce In tin- defeat of tho constitutional rights of the Chamber. Mr. MELVILLE regretted tlio Colonial Secretary, at this late stage In his career, prepared to hand over too rights and pri vileges of the Assembly to ono person— « nominee in tho LegUIativo Council. And who was this nominee? Was it Dr. Creed? Und tho llotuo so lowered itiell as to admit that Dr. Creed was superior ti> it i or hod tho doctor performed any net that would entitle him to bo elected by any constituency In Now South Wnhn ? Mr. REID wished to know If hon. mem bers of the other Chamber could be re ferred to in this mannor. Tito DEl'UTY-Cli AIRMAN SAld the allusion tc the hon. member was offensive, and the hon. memlicr for Northumberland (Mr. Melville) was not in order. Mr. MELVILLE: Perhaps ho was not debarred irorn saying this : llo iind heard tho hon. members of tho other Chamber spoken of astbo creatures of acertainpcr- ton. Uo did not say they were, hut bo refused, as a representative of tho people, to surrender rights to the othor Chamber which belonged to voto by ballot and manhood suffrage. Uo submitted that the reason given by tho Legislative Council to induce this Chamber to acquiesce in their coarso of conduct was, to say tho least of it, bordering as close as jKsslblo on to tho rulea and order of debute, without being offensive. This I uro quorum of tho Legislative Council — not a majority o! tho Legislative Council- nil out of that baro quorum only 13— ( bat a singular instance that tho Council buuld contain 13 apostles In their latter eye)— thceo 13 gentlemen told theni that the reason why thoy could not consent to his work being kept within the colony was because in tho future there might bo a chango In tho fiscal policy of tho country, and all the work might bo kept within Its borders. That was tbo reason sent down to tho Chamber. Ho submitted that was an insult to this Chamber, and an insult which ought not to hare been offered to the representatives of the pcoplo. Yet in order to get this bill through tho Govern ment asked them to take this political dosoof medicine, which, if attempted in tlio days of Martin, Cowpor, and Darvall, thu bill would lhavo been scouted and thrown under tho table. Thoso who fought for and obtained the rights and privileges of this Chamber, would not havo so easily surrendered that again as this Chamber appeared <lis>oeed to do. Thoy would havo let it be known that manhoud suf frage alone should deal with matters of this kind, and not nomiceo chambers. Uo for ono would rceord l is vote against ac cepting the alteration in tbo clauses, hut ho know full well that If tho Government considered it absolutely necessary to ac cept it, there would bo a majority of hon. members su anxious to stand by tlio prin ciples of their party and to bo consistent with tho diclsmtion of faith in tho Go vernment, that they woutd rcfu-HO to look : at tiie retwous tli.it might bo assigned by other hon. gentlemen; hut bo nevertheless maintained that thu Leginlativu Council bad in this instancu gone beyond their rights and their privilege, and thoy had no right to make aucli a declaration as they' had for insisting on their amend ment. Mr. GARVAN denied that there was any possibility of any undue Attempt being likely to bo mmlo to alter thednuso so ui to affect tho ilecal policy of tho country. Tint policy could never healtercduntiltliopeoplo had declared for it. What bo desired wits merely to havo tho clauso surrounded with audi safeguards that it would )>o impossible for tho Commissioners to ait agniofct what might ho tho desire of thu Government or the wishes of I'ariinmoot. llo quoted from Hansard to show that tho Premier had on a former occasion spoken in contemptuous terms of Dr. Creed, whoso voto had formed tho majority in tlio Legislative Council. Mr. MOORE opposed tho motion. Ho iiIko quoted from Uankauii a number of references in which the Premier hod strongly denounced tho vory course whluh ho was now urging should bo pursued. Mr. DlllUS argued that tho Premier should havo suggested a conference and appointed managers. It was not to U- supposed tluit tho Legislative Council woutd set up its majority of one against tho wholo pcoplo of Now South Wales id represented by tbo Legislative Assembly. Ho suggested that as a way out of the difficulty tho Premier should agree to appoint a conference. Sir UENRY PARKES declined toadop. that course. Mr. D11J1IS moved then on amendment for iv free conference witli tho Legislative Council, tbo managers for tho Ansoinbly t > consist of Sir Henry L'nrkcs and Mcsam. Cnpeland, Bums, Lyne, Garrett, Toohcy, W.Clurkc, O'Mftrn, Sutherland and DihbJ. Mr. 8LATTKKY, on a point of order, naked tho ruling of tho chairman ivi to whether tbo alteration made by the Council in tho bill was not fatal, on tin- ground that it altered tho oonstituti v nt tho Board as established under the hill. Ho referred to n decision In tho ilu.i i„ ol Commons in support. Mr. BURNS submitted that tin- altera tion made by tho Council did not ullVct the i oubtitu(iou of tho Board, and that i tore- foro It wba not on all four with tho cav- referred lio as having occurred in tho ilousu of Commons. Tho DEPUTY-CIUIRMAN rntod that tho point should bo raised in tho Uouso and cot in Committee. Several other members having #p>>!ren, 'iho amendment was negatived en the following division— I'd to 37. The original motion waa then put, and agreed to on division— Ayes, 37 ; no«w, 2(1. When iho resolutions wore reported to tho Umue, Mr. MOORE raised tlio point of oritur that thu Council had uxceuded their rlghu in inserting tho amendment in clauro 27, giving fteu passes to curtain olflceis ot Parliament, Inusmuoh as it would bo tho means ot increasing tho public bunions. Mr. J. P. ABBOTT maintained that tho point of order hnd t>ewn taken too late, ret log it bod been reported to tho Uoiue that tho amendment in question had been m rented to, Tho SPEAKER pointed out that nny mutter affecting tho rights and privilege-! <>f the Uouso was for thu Uou- itself to deal with, and tho chair woiil-i bo ex ceeding its power if it interbred in nny way boyond merely pointing out that the rlguts of tho Chamber hnd been iufrin ;ud. Tho report wna thon adopted. Attfoarxuneat. Sir 11KNJIY PARKES movod tho ad journment of tho ilousu. Mr. J. P. ABBOTT said ho wished Ij call attention to tbo state of public huii- ol'Nh, and tho manner it wan being carried on by thu Government. The ilouw mot on September 20 last, aod they wore told then, as they wore told previously, thai tlio finances of tho country wore to h<- dealt with at onco, and put on a u nmd footing. What hod becu dou-->? The Government hnd chosen to iutrodtt-ju measure after measure of a debatable diameter. If ever a Uouso win mlled together for a special purpose, tbi-i Uoiue was culled togotnerto deal with thu I'mau- eial condition of tho country, and yotth- oountry was in as hopeless and oh wud as insolvent a statu as wlum tb>- Government camu into ofilce, over twelve months ago. lie considered thoro w<w small liopo of getting this thing rectified ; and what ho complained of most wad thai (ho Government had mada no horteit attempt to proceed with tho Estimate- of tho country. They hod boon told thnb tho Estimates would bo proceeded with last Tuesday. Why woro thoy not? Simply through tho muddling of tlu Government. Uo charged tho Govern, nicnt with not showing an earnest ness and a determination to get on with their measures ; and yet thoy had .Min isters going into tlio country promising the introduction of further measures. Tho Minister of Mines had promised tlio other day to a northern constituency that a Mining Act was ready tc bo introduced. Mr. ABIGAIL: No Mr. ABBOTT: Tlio Minister Mines need not shako his head at him. Uo (Mr. Abbott) bud not dono what the Miuistur bad done, aud that was going about the country touting for information to ntt-wk his opponents and harass tho Government of tho day by motions of adjournment. Mr. ABIGAIL denied thatlio bad stilted that hu had a Mining Bill ready, and as for motions of adjournment, somo of those, if ho told all ho know, would not redound to tho credit of tho hon. member, Mr. Abbott, Mr. ABBOTT : I defy you, Mr, MELVILLE stud tlio Minister of Mines had months ago promised to a de putation of hislconstituuuts that ho had ready thon a Mining Bill. Mr, ABIGAIL: I suid uothiug of thu kind, 1 sold I hod a Coalfield Dili ready. (Laughter.) Mr. MELVILLE: Is that not a Mining BUI ? I am glad to boo that tho Minister has becomo so conversant with mining matters that bo is enabled to draw a dis tinction that no miner in the country would draw. But why I rose wiu to ask tho Premier if naturalisation papers wcro still being issued to Chinese. 'I Item was no doubt thai a vory largo number of these papers bad been sold to evade tho poll- tax. Mr. M'ELUONE said it Kccmud to him that thu Ministers woro now realty going on n spreo into tho country; and there was a statement going about that the Minister of Mines, on u recent tour, was brought out of his bed in his pyjamas by two pretty girts, and mado to uoino down into a lower room in that condition, where ho danced and saug to tlio edification of tbo company. Mr. MELVILLE said ho must ask the Speaker to rule whether tho hon. membor was in order In making any reference to any friendship or lusjoiutiun between thu .Minister of Mines nnd certain pretty girls. (Laughter.) Mr. M'ELUONE: I do not wish it to be inferred that thu Minister did or would do anything indecent witli tho girls. Tho SPEAKER: The Dou. uiemhor must confine himself to matters of public itnpoitnncc. Mr. ABIGAIL: Th« statement iv about as true ns the hon. member'a statement "'jU.'si- Kr.IIONKi As truo as tlio .tat.,- mrnt that I gavo you A2, which you denied at flist, towards your electioneer ing trxpt-nsc. Mr. O'MARA said ho had been informed that there had boon un attempt to pass fraudulent certificates by Chinese iuiuii- grants. Ho pointed out that there wore heavy penalties provided for this offence, and ho hoped thoso penalties would be enforced. Sir HENRY PARKE3 said there was no doubt that there had buen a departure from the lino of action originally laid down by tha Government, but thnt hod uriren from circumstances which at the time thoy could not forsee. Uo instanced tho great wasto of time that had takon place thnt night, and remarked that the Guvernmont had hoped to introduce thuir resolutions that night on which would bo bared their taxation proposals. With regard to tho Chinese question, there was no doubt thnt thcro hud beun an utteiupt to deal fraudulently with certificates, and tho Govern ment were doing their utmost to put a stop to it. TVUb regard to the issue of naturalisation papers, this Government had only issued ono such paper, and that person was a young man who luul Itcen reared in tho country nnd bad settled down to a permanent Industrial calling. With regard to future notion, nil ho uould say wns that tlio determination of the Government was to resist tlio introduction into the colony of any class of pcrnous, from whntuvur part of thu world. wh:> could not bo at onco admitted to nil their rights as citizens. Mr. DIBIIS wished to know what bust ncss tho Government Intended to bike on tbo following day. HirUENRY I'ARKES said hoconaidcrod tho better coureo would bo to go on with tho resolutions for tbo taxation propoiub —(hear, hear)— and allow tho Liuid Bill to stand over. At 20 minutes past 1 am. tho Home adjourned. 