OUR STORY. THE MISSING GIRDLE. A " CALLED BACK" STOBY. \+ IX the clerks in the office of Grenault : and Blondin, the great diamond firm of the Rue de la Pais, Paris, 0^2 appeared to be very busy one fine spring morning a few years ago. In reality they were discussing in whis pers an exciting occurrence which had but just taken place before their eyes. It was this: the senior partner had entered the office looking cheerful as usnal. He bent his stately white head in response to the "Good morning, sir," as kindly as ever, as he took a despatch from the hand of a messenger who waited by. No sooner had he read it than he fell back with paling Hps which made a thrill run through the listening clerks. " What shall I say to Prince Desparti ? What shall I do ? Oh, was there ever a more wretched man than IV Wringing his hands wildly, he entered his private office and locked the door. "Can it be that anything has happened to Lachere 3" asked one of the clerks to another. " Why, what has Lachere to do with : Prince Departi ?" "Did yon not know that he sent a wonderful diamond girdle here to have some of the stones reset, and that Lachere was instructed to cany it back to the prince's country seat near Rome 3" " Ah, and if it has been stolen or in jured he is ruined beyond a doubt. I - would not be in his shoes for a great deal." Soon Monsieur Blondin, the junior partner, arrived. After half an hour with his colleague he sent a telegram, and throughout the day telegrams were going backwards and forwards. It was in tensely excitiug. Little work was done by the clerks, although they appeared so busy. But in the afternoon, when the kind-hearted Monsieur Grenault, weak and trembling, was assisted to his car riage, it seemed that the day might hare a tragic ending. Three days followed. Monsieur Blon din sat in the private office, gazing fixedly at his highly polished nails. There was a look of chill determination on his face, and he appeared to be waiting for some one. He scarcely changed his attitude when the door opened and a young man entered. His face was haggard enough to soften most hearts ; his hollow eyes, disordered clothes, reckless carriage—all spoke of abject hopelessness. "Good morning, Monsieur Lachere," said Blondin, icily, with exaggerated po liteness. " Be good enough to seat your self." The irony stnng the young man. His face grew paler. " But Mousienr Grenault—am I not to see him too ?" he asked eagerly. " Monsieur Grenault is suffering from a dangerous stroke of paralysis. When he received your telegram " " Ah, do not say that 1" burst from La chere. " Is not my punishment heavy enough wihout this last? For myself I have no pity, but that my fault has cast my best friend upon a bed of Bickness— oh, I cannot bear it <" He covered his eyes and shuddered. Blondin waited until the paroxysm was over. " Let us get to the matter which de mands our attention. I know nothing except the bare fact that Prince Departi's girdle has disappeared.'' " Yes," said Lachere, slowly, "it is lost, and I fear beyond recovery." " I hope not, for your own sake. Now be good enough to answer my questions promptly and to the point. When you arrived in Rome you are sure the girdle was in your possession." "There is no doubt of it," Lachere re plied emphatically. " When you left here where did you carry it?" " Fastened about in a kid casing next my skin, as you know, Monsieur." " When you arrived in Rome where was it?" " In the same place. I wore it sleeping and waking." " How many people knew of it 1 In other words, how many confidants did you make?" " Not one. I was particular to say no thing about such a valuable possession to anyone." "Did you meet with any suspicious characters, any strangera who acted in a singular manner, who tried to gain your confidence during yonr journey or after your arrival in Home ?" " £ made no new acquaintances on the journey," said the young man with a sharp sigh. "I saw nothing to arouse my suspicions. Everything ran smoothly. I was sure I would be able to deliver the girdle safely to Prince Desparti, yet at the vety last I was undone. And how ? I cannot tell, Who knew of it ? I can not say. Or did I lose it ? I cannot say. Monsieur, my remorse is terrible. Lis ten, I have a confession to make." "Yon will make that confession when I request it," said Blondin in a voice which chilled the listener; "I only ask you to answer my questions. When do j you last recollect having the girdle 1" ] " The night I arrived in Rome." | " What hotel did you stop at ?" "I followed your instructions. You j told me it was Prince Desparti's wish to j have me stop overnight at his town resi I dence if I arrived in the city after dark, j I did so." | i " This is the truth ?" " If my word of honour is not sufficient i the old serrant Bernardo, who is left in charge of the house, can testify that I slept in the old Palazzo Desparti. Is this I sufficient ?" ! " Now I want to know," said Blondin, f slowly, " how you spent that night in Rome ?" " Ah !" said Lachere, drawing a long breath, " that will entail my confession. The confession of a fool, monsieur, but honest m8n !" He arose and commenced to pace the room restlessly. " I went that night to the theatre. There I met an old friend. After the performance ire drank together, then he persuaded me to go to a public hall, where dancing was going on. The scene was very gay. We had more wine, my friend mid L X re member nothing more until I awoke the next morning in my own bed at the pa Jazzo—and the girdle was not on me then." "Ah! I knew it! Yon drank your brains away. Do you hear? Yon were besotted!" cried Blondin, .in stinging, vibrant tones, "and yon shall answer for it." "Ah, I deserve yonr reproaches. If you were to let me off easily, I should eat my heart out with remorse. Bot. punish me, punish me! I will gladly work out my punishment to the utter most." " Where is this friend now with whom you were good enough to drink and forget yoar duty ?" " I do not know. He told me early in the evening he was leaving Rome the next day. If he told for what place I've forgotten it." " I believed that worthy robbed you. He most be found. Write down all you know about him. We will put detectives on his track. Here are pen, ink, and paper—be quick." " No, monsieur," Lachere, quietly, but with conviction ; " that would be useless trouble. Whoever robbed me, however the girdle was lost, my friend had nothing to do with it." " I don't want your opinion ; you will do as I say." " It would be waste of time tracking an innocent man," said Lachere composedly, and holding his head erect " A moment ago you told me you were entirely ignorant of everything connected with the loss of the girdle. It seems to me you speak now like one who has some knowledge of it. You make me suspi cious. Can it be that you have robbed yourself? Such things have before been heard of." "Monsieur," cried the. young man, striding forward with clenched hands, " do not insult me, or I may forget myself. I am frenzied with grief over this unfortunate affair, but to accuse me of stealing in this ingenious way is too much." " Yeur own words are against yon ; I judge you by them. Explain what you mean by stating your friend's innocence solpositively," said Blond in, in a most in flexible tone. Lachere still stood in the centre of the room, and passed his hand rapidly across bis forehead. His eyes had the dazed expression of a man seeking earnestly for something. " There is the vaguest memory in my brain—the very vaguest," he muttered ; " but it escapes me—comes back, escapes me again, until I feel that I am going mad." "" What Is it? what is it ?' asked Blon din, beside himself with impatience. " It is the indistinct memory of a wo man's face—so beautiful, it seems not of the earth. Whenever I see it, I see at the same time the famons girdle sparkling with encrusted jewels. Oh, monsieur, have pity on me ! Help me to hnd this woman, whoever she may be." Perhaps Blondin did pity the wretched young man, for he spoke in a gentler tone: " What can we do ? Have you any idea who she ean be ?" " One of the women I saw at that ball X suppose. I can think of no other ex planation." " Then it is hopeless; We can never identify her, since it was a public dance. But here is Seffre." The well-known detective entered and took a seat. " Now tell your story Monsieur Seffre," said Blondiu. Lachere complied. When he had fin ished the detective placed his thumbs to gether and closed his eyes. " I have a theory, he said, addressing himself to Blondin. "This young man and I start at once for Rome. Hare yon in the house another girdle, at all like the one lost ?" "Oh, we have several, but they are insignificant compared with Prince Des parti's." "One of them will answer. Have it placed in a casing and fastened about the bearer exactly as the other was. I will be back in an hour." During the journey the detective said to Lachere: " Try and fancy that you are in Borne for the first time, and that yon are carry ing Prince Desparti's magnificent girdle. Don't talk to me at all." When they arrived in Rome the detec tive spoke to him again : " You must go and leave yonr valise at the Palazzo Desparti as yon did before. We separate here. To-night. go to the same theatre—in fact, I want you in the interval to do exactly as yon did before in every particular. It is our only chance of finding the girdle." Lachere was disposed to smile at theBe instructions, they seemed so pnrely fanci ful, but he was too dejected. He obeyed without any comment. When he arrived at the Palazzo Departi he found Bernardo still in charge of the closed house. He attended to his needs as before, but with a fearfully gloomy face. The prince had been there only that day, frantic over the loss of the girdle, which had been in his family hundreds of years. He, too. had employed detectives and had himself, but j just left Paris to find Lachere. ! Poor Lachere ! he felt his heart quake at this news. He saw a prison open its damp walls to embrace him—his future ruined! They might even say what Blondin had suggested that he had ap propriated it. Oh, the misery of it all! He started from bis reverie, remem bered the detective's parting words. With a heavy heart he went for his din ner to a neighbouring hotel, then returned to the palazzo. He examined the girdle fastened to "him, to be sure it was secure then set out for the theatre. The play was the same, and, sitting there, feeling the girdle pressing against him, the im pression he had felt on that memorable night thronged upon him ; the emotions were revived in a measure, and he felt happier and more hopeful as the play went on. When it was over the first one he met was the detective, who invited him to drink. The champagne made him light hearted, and arm in arm they went to the same hall, where another public dance was in progress. Lachere drauk more. The detective only pretended to drink, and watched hiB companion closely. The wine waB doing its work. Lachere was gay, and kept calling for more wine—. more—more—more ! But he did not at tempt to make the acquaintance of any of the women whirling past in the dance, though many of them were very beauti ful. The detective's face beamed. " I was right! I was right!" be kept saying to himself. When the ball was over Lachere was so hopelessly intoxicated it was necessary to help him to a carriage. When they alighted at the palazzo the detective said "Good-night," and received a maudlin response ; but instead of leaving him, he slipped after him unseen, and making a sign to Bernardo to be silent, followed the young man up the stairs. He swayed and staggered, but managed to keep his footing. He managed to open the door of the chamber he occupied, and the detective, from a position behind the arras curtains, saw him throw himself on the bed with his clothes on. Seffre's heart sank. Would Lachere remain in a drunken sleep until the morn ing, and the whereabouts of the girdle still remain a mystery 1 Was his theory a mere fancy, after all ? While he waited, his eye noted every detail of the room. The furniture was covered with hol land; the Are which Bernardo had previously lit for the traveller could not make the room cheerful, for the place was destitute of ornaments; the costly paintings were covered; no rugs covered the dusty door; a statue in the corner was ghost-like, draped in white sheets, which faintly expressed the chi selled limbs beneath; the house was si lent as a tomb, and, while he waited, a clock in a neighbouring house struck two. At last—at last Lachere mo red ! Be murmured uneasily, then sat up in bed, muttering impetuously and pressing his hands to his forehead. He made several attempts to rise before he succeeded in gaining his feet.' Then he commenced to undress with difficulty, and took off the girdle. The detective scarcely breathed. He j felt that the disposition Lachere would make of this girdle would explain the fate of the other. Slowly the young man drew it from the casing and stood gazing at it as if in ecstasy. He threw the casing into the fire, then, with the girdle in his hauds, walked to the furthest corner of the room ; the detective noiselessly followed. .He paused before the draped statue. He lifted his hauds slowly, and, unfastening the cloth, displayed a perfect face, a faint smile frozen on the marble lips. He drew down the covering still farther ; the figure was that of an eastern dancer, marble, but, alien to the pure white stone,something was sparkling iu prismatic colours about her slender waist. It was Prince Desparti's missing girdle. 