SJOJRY O F { • EPWlNDfiOOD/' I MT. Proctor has done himself ^Justice r&e; title he ha* «iven J STlitfle lis nothing sensational, bat a convineine demonstration of what the reSpktcf <«Edwin Brood" was in J»id by Dbkens to be. Mr. Proctor that* perception of the reafidea undell lying tiiis plot is what is chiefly needed for raising the b,\ kfema commonplace and unimpressive story 0f m w der, out of which all the Sickens was, ae Mrs, Cnrdel an " Nicholas JSTickleby" said of the : drama, positively gone, into an exceedingly striking and eniirely novel form of Dickens's favorite theme, thus lortaing the, powerful conclusion of an ascending climax. This was the reason for Dickens's extreme anxiety, noticeable in. Forster's Life, not to, reveal the plot to anyone prematurely. He writes to Forster that he has " a very curious and Dew idea—not a communicable idea* or the interest of the look will be gone." Dickens, in fact, meant to keen the secret even from Forster, for fear of ruining the interest of his book c—'' From T^at ^e know of Forstei's restless inquisitiveness, in regard to Dickens's plans/' Mr. Proctor remarks. " we learn without surprise that immediately after he had been toft that the idea was not communicable, he asked to have it com, naunicated toijm. Nor does it seem to have been regarded by Foster as at all «trange that * immediately afterwards Dickens communicated to him the idea "Vrineh had been described as f incommunicable,*: or that the new and curiou s idea should be both stale and commonplace— nothing, in fact, but the oft told Jale of a murder detected by the presence of indestructible jewellery in lime into which the 4»ody of the murdered man had been flung. Forster's vanity blinded him m such sort that the patent artifice was not detected. Yet even he asked where the originality of the idea came in. Dickens explains,, he naively adds, that it-was to consist 'in the review of the murderer's career by himself at the close, when its temptations were to be dwelt upon as if not lie, the culprit, but some other man, were to be tempted,'" A new and curious ?dea, truly t Little did Dickens think thaf; in thus keeping at bay for the time his garrulous and irrepressible biographer he was making all but his more -observant readers believe that the Dickens-they knew was already gonp before he died, But the real plot of the story was exactly what Dickens' himself described it; A very furious and new idea, and a wry strpng one, though difficult to work." It was also, as Mr, Proctor successfully phows, though this was probably not perceived,by Dickens himself, only the fullest development of an idea which runs through eveigr one of his novels after * Pickwick." That theme, in its simplest form, is nothing more than that of a prasoa—senerally, kit not "always, a criminal—watched at every turn by some one/for whom,hp feels nothing but contempt. Jn "OliverTwist," "The Old Curiosity Shop," "Dombey and Son," <3opperfield," "Bleak House," *!A Tale of Two glides" and " Greal Expectations" only the simpler form of this ih'eme appears, and then only as a subordinate part of the plot. But even a careful reader of Dickens may be some- • what surprised lo find on examination thatiin.allthe other books, including the snore important of his shorter tales, the \- jnpngtonous bap for tUe extraordinary variety of^forms in whiph it is presented, together ,with.,£he> complexity of- plot, wiuch Is at once a merit «wd a faplt in DicTfeps** method of-eonstruction. And it is very curious to notice how many of the-cfiaracterislic points in the plot of ''EdwinDtood" are " blocked in" in the earlier stories. Thus, in ' Little Don-it." Mpjasieur BJandois (though there it is the villain who, does it) disguises himself, \- just like Datchpry, as an »?ld man with white hair, j by Cavaiettp. Hunted Down," a power^ul ^hort^toiy, Mehham, or Beokwith, supppsed to -be dying by slow murder, turns suddenly upon the villain, Slinkton, whom he traces to death. And' an the part of " No Thoroughfare" written Jby Dickens (the rest by Wiikie Collins, who seems to have worked in admirable sympathy with him), where the circumstances of the murder have a striking xesemblence in more than one •'point to that of. "'jSdwin 'Drood,"- the dead man Suddenly comes tio life in order to confrontJiie murderer. Mr.-JVogfoF thus, with great literary skill^W ifith an amplitude of illustration fwhieh we, of course, can -only indicate, shows at least an antecedent probability that the plot of" Edwin Drood" would be some variety of Dickens's favorite plot—that Edwin, in short, was not dead when Jasper believed Jfo&t; -he had murdered' him, »nd that s-he f was ^continually watching Jasper tinder audisgpise until the moment arrived for 'a dramatic denouement. The disguise, of .course, fe that of Mr. Datchery, the. " white haired' personage with black„ eyebrows," .who appeared suddenly in <Jloisterham. That this is undoubtedly the tratli h&d; already been conjectured by many, perhaps by ^nost, of the careful readers. But the most stnkingand novelfeature in Mr. Proctor's argument is that the-actual denouement wa&.ibnave .been one of the most dramatic in all Dickens—perhaps the most sensational .in fiction. It Is that ^Jasper-was not merely to fee -confronted with 3Sdwin Drood alive again, bnt that ie is,to be -gradually forced to Mrs JSapsea*<s monument.lnto l which 4 quickfone, le ifefiev^iie has cast Edwin's dead body, there to grope in horror for the diamond -ring which be fancies now to be t"h"e sole evidence of Mfe terrible crime, when—"As lie holds up the lantern, shuddering at the -thought of what it m&y; reveal to hipj, he sees his nintim' nil-Ii 'xHmm Z l> of honior fthe * ghost' of ^ cry had ^-been heard before by Durdles) Jasper casts down the lantern; and files £rom thfe tomb. But oven as he rushes forth he is faced by two men, from whom be turns, utterly unnerved bjr the horror of 4omb,' to seek the only path of escape^the winding staircase- of the tower- 4 ' Thtey follow him closely, Jfcville firstj-^arter close by lam, Drood himself a' feW^Bteps- behind Tarter,- and Crifparkle following. Seized by Seville at theitop of*the staircase, .Jasper turns and straggles fiercely with the map he hates.' Seville receives his death wound, but" lives 3ong enough to kpow that^iiS aairie has- been cleared-j garter, Droodi/aBd Crifip'artle capture Jasper, and f the 1 Irill^n' is vast* ih& prison, hut not'%iMil«he bae 'been confronted by his supW^ed^ictim and by J&rewgious;, and anacfe^tohow- while ^e supposed hivdsSf «afe, teyery movement of hi& Had" been * Scribwn j-to Jthtenl ^nd hatched by titem^lh ife icnowiellge' t1iajt T Tarter loVj&s;^Eosa, «nd ie- lovcd by her,' Jasper's punishment is 'cotoplete." " the materials may seem ordinaiy reader for tfoldsefcrthe story to be suggested. with suet precision of detail, Mr. Prpctor is perfectly justiitl l , eed s*" ^ ^ ^ ° f ^ discloses Z ^ F ^ wderneath jte purposely Jfti? * W^ns, ^at of 4he VMcUfae-l se^pdly fe the very few hl n , te 'J. ro PP£ d Jealously even : to Forster and Miss Hogarth, of winch the most important is Ms own phrase, the DatpJwj- ^issumptioft;" lssjfcly and perhaps most incontrovertibly, in the small pictures on the original green covers .which have unfortunately become somewhat rare. These pictures, which are rather coarsely drawn, and scarcely worthy of Mr. Fildes'g delicate illustrations to the* book itself, were done by Mr. Fildes under Dickejas's "direct instructions but without explanation of their meaning, and hence are of unique interest. And the concluding scene of these, where Jasper is" seen entering a cell or vault with a lantern, and jconfronting. the resolute figure of Edwin Drood, vrho is waiting for lum, entirely fits in with the conclusion above .sketched, and at once desiroys'any pijssibiJity of a conclusion based on the idea j;hat EdFm hits really bberi murdered; " It is nnnfecessary to apologise for this detailed analysis of so slight an essayhardly more than a pamphlet in form, hut full of interesting and valuable "material- for : every student of Dickens, apd indeed of English literature. Even as a mere careful study of the unfinished work of.'the,great,novelist by an eminent literary and scientific man, this little work would deserve notice.. But it does much more than that,. The right under- §tardirig of the plot of "Edwin Drood" justified the remarkable opinion expressed by so good a Judge as Longfellow, dissenting at tha time from the great majority of critics, that it was certainly one of Dickens's most beautiful works, if not the most beautiful of all." It demonstrates conclusively that Dickens, so for from falling back from decay, of po,wer npbn a threadbare plot of murder, was really working out with his most matured- skill by far the boldest and most original variation of the favorite tbeine, which underlies every one of Ms plots.— Leader. \ 