FOOTLIGHT FLASHES. STDNET.-In the Criterion Theatre " Little Jack Sheppard" has given place to " The Forty Thieves," in which our old friends of " The Arabian Nights" are introduced after the fashion appropriate to burlesque. This version of the familiar eastern story is by Mr. Eobert Eeece, who has dealt with it cleverly enough, but who might very advantageously have omitted at least one - half of the puns with whioh he has studded the dialogue, whioh merely serve to remind people how much truth there is in the remark that that species of word torturing is, in nine cases out of ten, but the poor ghost of wit. The piece is described as an opera extravaganza ; and, as far as the music is concerned, the title has been made good by a pretty liberal system of borrowing, though it cannot, indeed, be said that auy very remarkable or very novel gems have been appropriated in this way. Yot the music of common place is sufficiently pleasing, and cer- tainly has been made the most of by the able conductor, Mr. Stanislaus. The costumes and scenery are especially striking features in the production. Both are on a magnificent scale. The young ladieB who represent the I " forty thieves " are quite a dazzling , group ; and it is nob often that piotureaque effect ÍB more satisfactorily attained than in the soeue whioh depicts the robbers' cave 1 and the röturn of the band. Mr. Robert Brough, who haa happily recovered from his late illness, appears as Ali Baba, and does justice to Buoh humor as the part possesses, whioh, to speak the ! truth, is not exoo3Bivo in quantity, and still less ! in quality. As Hasserao, the robber chief, Mr. \ E. W. Boyce,contrives tobe very amusing, though with far inferior material to that he had to work on in Blueskin. Miss Fanny Robina as Ganem, Ali Baba's hopeful son, putB plenty of spirit into her performance, and Miss Emma Temple makes a sprightly and graceful Morgiana. Other prominent characters aro capably represented by ' Messrs. Brown and Manning. Mr. W. Wurde, made up as a black BIUVO, performs a grotesque danoo with characteristic nimbleneaa and s skill. On the whole, "The Forty Thieves" may be pronouncod a" success.--The » Christmas pantomimo having run its course, | a season of opera has begun in the Theatre Royal, with a revival of "The Mikado." A special interest attaches to the revival, from the fact that it has introduced two new faces to the Sydney publio, those of Miss Leonora Braham and Mr. Duncan Young. Miss Braham has been identified with the original productions of the most popular of the Gilbert and Sullivan operas in tho Savoy Theatre, London, she playing the heroines, even down to the latest one in the list, Rose Maybud in " Ruddigoro." Of course Yum Yum has been included among the number ; so that consider- able curiosity ,WBB felt by playgoerB here with respect to the style in whioh she would interpret the part. Her acting of it ÍB very good indeed. She delivers the lines with excellent emphasis, and makes every point tell as it should. But there is nothing at ah in her singing voice which is calculated to arrest particular attention. Miss Braham is petite ot figure, and very animated in her gestures and movements. T< e cast has presented Miss Maggie Moore for the first time aB Katisha, a change whioh is decidedly not the least interesting one to note. Miss' Moore acquits herself with much credit. Mr. Duncan Young, creates a rather favorable im preasion as Nanki Poo. Mr. Howard Ver non's Ko Ko is perhaps better than ever ; and Messrs. Woodfield and Benham figure in parts in which by this time they must, at any rate ought to feel at home. Mr. Edwin Kelly adds to a long and creditable score in comic opera by bia impersonation for the first time in Sydney of the Mikado; and Yum Yum"s two companions find eminently satisfactory repre- sentatives in Miss Colborne-Baber and Miss Aggie Kelton. The opera is given with the same completeness as formerly, and de- servedly seemô to retain its popularity. The military drama of " In the Ranks" has now reaohedits seventh week in Her Majesty' Theatre. -In the Gaiety " Faust" haB been produced, and has been a welcome relief from a dull piece entitled " The Life and Death of Captain Cook," whioh preceded it, and which was announced as nothing lees than "a prize centennial drama." The version of "Faust,", witnessed in the Gaiety, is one previously well known in Sydney, and in connection with the performance of Mr. Dampier as Mephistopheles. The ironio humor associated with the charàoter is duly emphasised by Mr. Dampier, and its diabolic attributes are as im- pressively displayed. ..The actor's manner throughout preserves the necessary sinister and satanic suggestiveness which belongs to the tempter of Fail st. Tho latter is represented in the prologue Ky Mr, Baker; while later on Mr. Boothman figures as the rejuvenated philosopher. Margaret is feelingly portrayed by Mies Lily Dampier, and''' Martha intelligently so by Miss Julia Merton. The remaining charac- ters are adequately filled, and the drama is "put on" in a very creditable way. A special word > of praise is due to Miss ROBO Dampier,.for her'.singing of some of the incidental musjp. The young lady is to be con- gratulated on the possession of a very pleasing voice, and one which has evidently i.ad the advantage of no small amount of culture. Hiscocks's .federal Minstrels, in wnicn most; or the old " band of brothers " are to be recognised, are again visible in the 'Academy of Music, and receiving a fair amount of patronage.-Nigger minstrelsy also continues to flourish in the Alhambra Music Hall, Haymarket.-A farther addition to the amusements of the city and its neighborhood is contributed by Hayes's European Circus, in Belmore Park. MELBOURNE.-The production of " Romeo and Juliet," by the Holloway Company in the Bijou, with Miss Essie Jenyns as Juliet, has been well patronised. In the Theatre Royal, the Christ ma8 pantomime is on its last legs.-The opera of " Dorothy " has proved extremely popular in the Princess's.-Tee St. Maur Company opened on Saturday evening in the Alexandra Theatre with the comedy of "The Arabian Nights."-Mac cabe's entertainment has been largely attended. -Professor Kennedy, an American mesmerist, has been performing to good audiences in the Opera House. STAGE WHISPERS.-Eecently a matinee in the Gaiety Theatre, London, was given for the pur- pose of introducing Miss Helen Cooper Parr, grandniece of the American novelist, Fenimore Cooper. The lady, however, is no novice, having for some years, in Amerioa, filled ti.e posi- tion of leading lady in Laurence Barrett's com- pany.-Madame Benda, the mother of the cele- brated actress Mod j eaka, died lately in Poland. The farewell benefit given to Mr. Charles Warner in Drury Lane Theatre, before his departure for Australia, was an immense succesB, and was the occasion of a very varied as well as powerful combination of dramatic talent.'-Miss Brad don's popular novel of ^'Williard's Weird" ÍB about to be dramatised.-A society has been formed in Berlin for the purpose of reviving for- gotten operas, This organisation has been appro- priately named " The German Lyrio Ghouls." Barnum's loss by the reoent burning of hi8 museum is estimated at about JB150,000. He is nearly fourscore, almost " too late a week" to make any more fortunes.'-In a drama from the Spanish of Tauiayo y Bairs, produced at the Stadttheater in Nuremberg, with the title of " The New Play," Shakespeare figures as a pro- minent character, and ÍB represented as a manager of a theatrical troupe. The play, whioh is Baid to present points of resemblance both to " Hamlet " and ", Romeo and Juliet," is written in verse. A new opera, " Ali Baba," by Charles Lecooq, has been produced with great success in the Alhambra Theatre, BrusBeh.-The new comic drama written by Mr. and Mrs. Merivale for Mr. Toole is called " Tho Don." College life at Oxford is illustrated with Mr. Toole OB a don.-Frau Mathilde Mallinger, for many yeura one of the prime donne in the Berlin opera, is retiring from the lyrical stage, and will in future exclusively devote herself to the theatre.-It ÍB also said that Frau Pauline Lucca intends to retire from the stage, and settlo down as a teachor of singing. -" Undo Tom's Cabin " has been revivod in the PrinoeBB's Theatre, London, with a cast whioh includes J. F. Sheridan and Misa Dolores Drum- mond-the Dolly Green of tho Australian Etago. \--G. R. Sims's new drama of "The.Golden Ladder " has been produced by Wilson Barrett. -A new Othello recently made his appearance in the Vaudeville, in the person of Charles Cher- rington. He is said to have a good presence and Bome declamatory power, but to exhibit crude ness of style and want of dramatic insight. The lago of the occasion was Hermann Vezin. Mrs, Potter, the Amerioan " lady" actress, nothing daunted by the sneers of some of her oritios, is meditating higher flights than ever. She is Boon to appear as Juliet, and probably aB Lady Macbeth.-" In ChoinB" is the title of a new play in which Mrs. Langtry is shortly to figure.-A new piece, called "Incognito," by Hamilton Aide, was lately given as a morning performance in the Haymarket, for the benefit of the Aotors' Benevolent Fund. Miss Genevive Ward was in the caBt.-A version of Rider Haggard'B "Sbe," was produced in Niblo's Gar- dens, New York, and proved a failure. 