CARL DUEDER. THE STORY OF A BOY WHO BELIEVED IN DREAMS. children, 1 shall now tell yon der shtory o! der poy who pelieves in some dreams uud signs. Bis name vhaa Hans Danderwetter, nud he life mit his folks shust at der foot of a big mil in Shermanv. I haf seen dot hill my self, and so I know dotshtory vhas pooty true. Vhell, vhen dia poy vhas aboudt 8 years old he goes oafer to shtay all day mit an old womans, ucd she tells him all abondt bears nod ghosts and dreams and signs. From dot time he vhas a shpoiled poy. If his fadder like him to go down cellar he vhae sfraidt of BpookB. If his mother like him to go oop Bbtaira he vhas afraidt of bears. I like to say to you right off dot no ghosts vhaa eafer known in any country. A ghost vhas a white sheet hanging on der pack of a shair, or some bed-epread left oat on der fence in der night. Dere vhas some bears aronndt, bat dey doan' come in der hoaee to pite you, In eooch a place like Detroit you may go all oafer und yon doan' see oce bear— not one. He vhaB affaidt to come here. If he does he vhas dead in two minutes. Und bo Hans he always peliefs in signs and dreams too. If he dreams dot he fall down a ehteep hill he doan' get oudt of bed until 10 o'clock. If he dreams dot he vhas a fish, he vhas Bcart and hides in der barn all day. If he sees a crow fly to der north dot vhas a pad sign, and Hans don't shop any wood dot day. If he Bees a white cow go along mit a red hcrse after her, dot vhas a sign of money, und he goes ont und walks 10 miles for to look for some pocketbookB in der roadt. He vhas no goot to his parents, und eferypody else makes fan of him und Bays he va3 soft mit der headt. Vhell, shildrecs, Hans vhas growing oop in a badt way. If der moon vhas oafer his leit shoulder he doan' hoe out some cabbages nor work mit der potatoes. If der sun goes down oafer his right elbow dot means he shall go to town und get a letter in der poat-oifice. Between dreams and signs he vhas no goat for work, and he goes %bou.d.t ia rags like he vha? a bf gear. His ladder itok him more as fife hoonered times, and his mother cry more ash two barrels of tears, bat it vhas no use. Vhell, all dis goes on until Hans vhas 16 yean* old. Den one day he sees two bena on der fence, while two crows fly oafer. At der same time somepody shnores in bis echleep, and der backet fall down der well. He took dot ash some awful sign dot he most go out in der woods und get some bark from a tree dot vbas hit mit lightning, and if he make some tea from dot bark he lif to be 90 years old. Away he goes, and party qaeek he meets a wolf, who says : — 11 Ah !— yam !— how pleased I vhas ! Der wind blows my tail to der left side last night, and dot vhas a sign dot I eat a poy for supper ! I mest you on top of a hill, and dot vhas a sijin two more wolves come oop !' Vhell, shildren, all dot vhas true. Dey find dot poy s bones in der forest, and shust vhen dey piok 'em oop a coon runs oop a tree back end first. Dot vhas a sign dot somepody'a horse vhas in danger, and der peoples rune home and find dot Herr Denderwetter'a pig white horse vhas ehoked mit an apple. Dot vhas all my ahtory. I like yon pelief some of him. If yon pelief dot anybody who sees ghosts— dot anybody who pefiefs in dreams dot any person who vhas guided by signs vbaa soft on der head, like pumpkin pie, yon hit her right and needn't be afraid. I can pat all der ghosts and shpooks in my ear, and ash for signs and dreams yon vhas more apt to fall and preak your nose dan to pecome rich. A good story is told of Brother S ? , editor of a prominent paper in New Brans wick— a man full of fan and ready wit, but possessed of a solemn countenance almost as loDg as his figure, whioh tops & feet. About Christmas time one year some of the more juvenile members of his family— a couple of wee lads— much impressed by having recently witnessed the decapitation of sundry turkeys and chickens preparatory to the festive Beason, had beguiled the baby of the flock into the backyard, where they proceeded to 'play Christmas' by one of them holding the infant's neck ever a block of wood while the other stood ready to oat its head off. Jutt as the axe was being uplifted, S— ~, attracted by the lusty howls of the in tended victim, put in an appearanoe, and, taking in the situation at a glance, drawled out in his usual slow and leisurely way, 'Hold on I Bold on, boys ! I wouldn't do that. Seems to me I heard mother say she wonted to raise thai one (—Harper, '', Gentleman (looking over a wall at Tarn, who is working among hia bees) :—' WeU, Tam, what do yon think of oar minister's logio on Sunday last, when he said it was the opinion of many learned men that, owing to the construction of the eyea of the bee, it saw many reflections of a flower as it hovered round it?' Tam: 'Oa ay! ye can believe that if ye like, but if the bee that stung me a while since had stack its sting into ane o' the reflections o' my eye it wadna has been sae uirths&Qo;,' 