GALLERY NOTES. The eighteenth clauso was again dis cussed last evening, to the very evident disgust of bon. members, who aro already pretty full up of the Laod BUL Dr. Boss was out on -tho warpath in opposition to the amendment, and he flourished the tomahawk with considerable energy, fn the opinion of the dootor tho time has arrived for a thundctstorm of fire and hailstones to descend and burn up the squatters, root and branch, groan leaf and dry twig, and If tho ruoboldors get what h»oonsidcni justice, the little conflagra tion at 8odou and Gomorrah would bo only a toy bonfire compared with tho way this oountry will be sent to blazes. Quoting from a pile of papers as thick as a ledger, the old gentleman showed that the pastoral lessees had for yesra worked a cold mino on the lands of the colony, ami, while using tho fair face of Gods earth as a source cf profit beyond the wildest dreams of their earlier ycare, bad mado only tho meanest kind of a return to tho State. Ho instancod a few eases, amongst others that of Mr. John Smith, M.L.A., who held 30,000 acres of country at an annual rental of jC19, and yot was so dissatisfied with tho land laws that ho would not allow a free selector to cut a whin stick on any part of hta run. Tho cartn hunger has affected some of thoso wool kings so severely that on one station oven tho graTes of the blacks are not hold sacred, and Vr. H'Elbono suggested that tho remains of the defunct had bccu taken up aud ground into bono duit, to bo used in forcing tbo fruit trees in tho homestead garden. Dr. Rots Informed tho House that tho last resting place of Eorimoe, tho black who discovered Mr. Mitchell, waa now used as a sheep-yard by the station on which the aboriginal waa buried, and the aimplo hraditose placed above the graro yean ego by the Government now dm doty as a cratcbtag post for counter-Irritating the annoyance which tick and vermin cause the jumbucks. - The fence around the lonrly grave of tho aimplo child of tho forest, whoso excellences aro borno witness to Ly an inscribed headstone, D rendered slieep proof by a judicious Insertion ot twig and brush, and hero at night tbo " tuonkeya" net secure from every harm, while the ragged old thenhord snores calmly in his humpy at a salary of 10s a week and rations. Ills troubles about tbo iosnlt to tho remains of Eurimeo so long as the dingo does not worry his flock ; he cares nothing if the sable ghost of tho early settlor climlied out of hu narrow gravo and roosted In a tree every night. What all this hod to do with tho lBth clauso waa not distinctly mado manifest, though Dr. Rosa waa understood to express bis own personal conviction that the squatters woro mean enough to jump tiydney old cemetery, and use it for a drafting yard, if any chance of thoir being allowed to tako jtocsesslon should crop up. If what the member for Mulong says Is true, the squatter is a kind of a Wild West Show— in the first person— a sort of man who has hair back of his shoulders, aud less in tho way of conscience than a frog has in tho way of feathers. In fact, the squatter is a bad man, who foars nothing except the free selector and tho devil, and likes one just about as well as the other. And ho would liko to bavo ail the squatters in the country jammed into a space no bigger than a man's hand, so that bo could squelch them off tho faco of tho earth for ever. Mr. Ewiog is a gentleman whoso under standing appears to bo conductod on tho limited liability principle. IIo cannot understand various things. For instance, he does not know why because a man is a Minister of tho Crown, ho shoold bo looked upon as a rogue and a bushranger, and ho thought if a man were competent to deal with the interests ot one section of the community, he was qualified to handle tho wholo business, and carry it out with fidelity and despatch. ( Mr. O'Sullivan stood off with a figura tive rako, and metaphorically scratched tho back of the last speaker, whom ho considered ono of tho most promising young members of tho Assembly. This is a doubtful compliment anyway, for It does seem they are all promising members —too promising In fact Mr. CSolUvan complained of tho iniquitous treatment the conditional lessees had reooived from tho Government in the raster »m»iwi- rents. The Minister, In their esse, had gone beyond any power which tho Act of 18&A; gave hiio, and would find himself In tho tightest kind ot placo If tho lessee chose to take action. In speaking of Mr. Abigail's utterances on the Land Bill, Mr. O'aullivan likened tho Minister of Mines to a modern Moses, who, after wandering in tho wilderness of tho wrat for -IU days, cams back as an authority on land nationalisation. Bat this was not tho worst thing ho had done. Ho had boon in communication with a French gentleman who proposed to put tho 8L Patrick's twiit on tho rabbits. Tho oon- acquenco of this ovil communication was tho corruption of tho accent and address cf Uio Minister who now adopted a French tone and stylo, and now spoko ot rabbits as rabies, and tulxed up bunnies and hydrophobia in a most startling manner. Mr, Abigail's French comes to the front with a decidedly Wool loomoolooish ascent, and Mr. O'tiul- livan cannot bear to have hU ears assaulted by a 8urry Hill Frenchman who does not know enough to oak for gin in Uio tongue of tho sharp-bcardoi Gaul. Mr, Alf. Allen showed his thorough know ledge of tho land question from tbo first to tho eighteenth clauso by interrupting tho member for Qooanbcyaa to tell him " Land boards give evidence." This was an unfortunate utterance for the poet, and two bccondt later ho was squirming indignant member. "ThU sliowv," uid Mr. O'Sullivan" exactly how much ctudy some Government supporters bare given tho land quraUun. Ilcro U an lion, gen Uetonn wbu does not know thoA.B.C.oI the land law, cither In tbo now or old stylo, or mixed, and his statement that land boards givo evidence will show tbo public : that thvhvn. member knows less about the land question than ho docs about any thing else." Mr. O'tiullivan has evidently no fear of tho law of libel, for bo at least insinuated, if nothing more, that ths Minister for Lands occasionally appears in tbo I -and Court as j udgu, prosecutor, and agent for tho iquatter. IIo spoko of a Mr. Campbell, and hoped that gentleman was not a client of tbo Minister. If ho were and if ho bad paid the fiO-guinoa fee, the Minister should be kicked out of ofiloo just as soon as a boot oould be found big enough to shift him. Mr. O'SulUran has a poor opinion of Minister goneraUy, for ho said, " If an angel cauie down from heaven and told him the Minister for Lands were pure and incorrupt, he would tell the angel ho was unacquainted with truth." He considered many of the Ministers in this country, trhliin he called " the Antipodes," conducted thoir tuii- nets " with the accent on tho tip." And while there were roads to make, ;,ri . to bnild, end axes th'griml. the iuijv T' rdgnswhich were advanced as rea»,n<i certain; work should l»» done ih.. cogcntthoxeasonaappviarod; intact t..' it plainly, two hundred sovereigns m,.. two hundred roaaonv, and if ,„Vl willing to lay certain public men " h-t nothing any amount of wire pullia - log-rolling could Iw done. This atit-o brought nlr. Garrett to hU ftfCi announcement that the statement of »' hon. member- was a gross lit) on th m bcrt of rarliameot, and he prat- - i igainst such grave and swiping rhaj. of crooked. cunning being made f. member for Queanbeyan replied thu I" did not caro for the protest ot the Mum > or any other man, and if he wore pi the bar of the House any tiure h»- « Srove that bribery and corruption ln ucnced the conduct of many ofthV,,- in high place assisted in the plq, administration of the affairs of thom-.. No reply waa made to tho charge. ' i ' Mr. M'Elhoso Is not in favour <>/ pi t too much poweMn the hands of cit',..r Minister or a Board, for it was juxt ! to square throe uuu as one. Tbodiffi was not so much in tho number of m. - ! be got at as in tho quantity of w - necessary, to effect the swindle, p. ' member for tho Upper Hunter, m gave authorities, lie quoted from JWr: " History of England" to prove that m-' tho King himself bad not iu-Rut-d t , u. bribery in special cases, and h«> thmi-v , right-minded man would delay to ledge tbst if the nobles of England 'u; i consent to havo their fingers grov.'j tho averago colonial legislator «.« r. placed on a piunaclo to which stiq : < .! oould not roach. In reducing tin- V.Vi question to currency. Mr. M'Kihun- a that since 16S? the squatters «b',uld i.„ p«ddXl,000,U09i>orai)uumtvtiu-StiVf rental. The Crown lewres hsdinvL-'.i tunes plundering the people of thf , V/ and it was time now that tho gam- of -r; ' which they played was stopped. |jJ tboughttho MbonoyfidyMequatt'rwx«pi " tnakmu ruuch inoney at tho prc»r«t dir but thero was a timo when Ui,-v opound a head for aheep off the ' rfiose were tho times when nivuu:,ir, made fortunes buying and st'lHn. f's.' and be had seen runs sold at the r i 35s per head for nhecp io pimrhvtit.- 1 station which was not worth It. » not the rent which hurt tin squatter c it was the paying of interest on m paid for the purchase of tho hn|din<>.. ; e<|uatter were in the h«i.d of the!-!:; and together they were keeping tir t - cry that unless the peer was protected tho country « ",\ be damned without utuuwary 1 ;,t And yot these wore tho men - scld tuo shce|>-dung off tho pooriu i. fellow's gravo to Cbineae gar|.n»r-. a- , half-crown a load. Tho merchants >,i ney, tho Calico Jemmies, and .juv...' were all in one fold, nnd clamourc-l f « rcvliicn of the law, Nuxt thing , » , flod the quaUeraappealingteth« Mir. -v- for allowance for improvements, on i w ing for cheque on account of rotten f.L < and diuua which were silted up, un i » nob bold as much water n t . , t Ho would not truit the Mr.:-' - for Lands any further than he won: |--v. 8ir Henry 1'orkcs, and ho wid - trust either ot them as far as h- , ".j throw on elephant's trunk with lb phant attached, if tho poor iwdivt : tho sotcs off bis boots, and the rh - : of his trousers, had to depend r. Miuiiter fur Justice, ho though; would wait till a long timo after th- »- came homo before they got it, un!, . could square some one in a higti pl.» At midnight, legislators \r>- pounding the lbth clauso with only -. into success. Hon. memWrs tr.i-.-i ail over thu route from Dan to R., rr » within tbo precincts of the clan,-, c i quite of variety of topics were ron-; as the midnight rolled on to murniu.-, r. i the Audience in thogalisiies rolie-i oat in to the highway toavoid bi-iu.- 1., - in with tho milk. At 12.35, Mr. rose to inform tho liouhu mat tte ->:u was recponeiblo for the debate, h>- ,1 . :. regret It. Ho was the only <>n<- place who did nut, aud a v-r/ £-.- feeling of satiafoctiun waa a; ,, when at 1 o'clock, the bell was souodnd. There uii a prospect at this luur division being amicably rrach. d. t i-M- Day, a gentleman for wn<w>.> > there appears to be no sufficient i< . moved— with an amount of sea j.- would mark the conduct of an uik- <!> man — that tho question he it : Tbb was an application of Ui, in t; and the gag, just when tboio wxi ti > for any such step, and tho :e«ult « ' - unnecessary detention of hon. whUo a division was being taken. 1-- few remarks mado regarding Mr. !« - cloture resolution will not he «-»kvw -l in any way ecmpliucntary. Uu tin- tlon before the House whu-h i> that certain words propose! to <- Inserted, bo so insetted, the slon ahoweii that tho nuundcii: moved by Mr. Abbott was n-jtei At tho last moment thoro ap|Mared » i"r lihood of a disturbance, for Mr. At-l- dlasatisficd at the rejection of his si- meat, moved something very simitar, to considered later on. This provoked Interjection from Mr. Garrett, to !' Mr. Abbott replied, " You needn't mo by telling mo what you think '- or perhaps I'll say what I think ol > -> "Go on, answered the Minister. "1- give you n Roland fur vour Ohv.; " YourIl give me— you'U give me n " »' bottle, porliaps," said tiio uieuiter 1: Wi-nlworth, in a very contemptuous and for a moment it appeared that ti 'U---- was imminent. But above the upr »= roso thu musical voico of Mr. M'kh- = appcabng to hon. member to get thr--):- the evening without a fight, and !- » settled down liko a cloud upou the l! Jx 