WHY WILLIAM BRAG LOST FAITH !N HUMAN NATURE. BY A 7 . J. D. CHAPTER I. IT was A calm Sabbath evening in Paradise Place. Paradise Place is ia Collingwood, as you might suppo.se 1 >\ r its ]j;nne. \Vhotbcr its celestial nomenclature satisfied the dim ide.-tr, of the inhabitants concerning a future existence or the wave of modern scepticism had passed over them and washed away all fond old superstitions, is a matter of wide conjecture. The bald f;u:t, however, was that they did not i_ r o to church. Still they could hear the bells ringing for evening service and sit at their front windows and watch, with pleasant interchange of sardonic criticism, the straggling row of persons in their Sunday best -who represented the decent conventionalities of life, and went through this lane as a short cut to the church. At one window, gazing with emotion— perhaps rem arse—at the passing people, satan elderly gentleman, with grizzled hair and a deep transverse scar on his nose, which was of the bottle order—indeed, one might go so far as to say the rum-bottle order. " And to think that there was a time when 1 WAS one of these !" he murmured, with a deep sigh. The ghosts of the past rose before him—his mother's knee —his evening prayer—his little bed. Anyone who might have been listening on the other side of the lane at the time would have heard the sound of a splash. It was a tear. A tear that had fallen upon the large, red hand of the el lerly gentleman. What magic-power there is in these memories of childhood ! 1 hese and the calm, religious influence of that Sabbath eve softened the soul of this stern and rugged elderly mail and he looked long upon the tear with a pathetic curiosity that was touching. Then slowly he wiped it away and— " P. • he exclaimed, "it's right as a dart " He was at that moment looking at an old gentleman with his wife and family and what appeared to be a servant passing on their way to church. Ten minutes after the elderly gentleman came out of the house carrying a black bag in his hand and carefully locking the door behind him. CHAPTER HE walked quietly up the lane and stopped at the corner, looking up and down as though he were expecting somebody. Ten minutes passed. " ]) a him," he muttered, " I'll do the job without him. He's not much of a hand, anyhow. r j oo unbusinesslike and effeminate. Should have been a parson, should Joe Bilkins. But I'd trust my neck and all I have with him for all that," After having relieved his mind in this manner the elderly gentleman resumed his way. II. CHAPTER III. PRECISELY at r the moment when the eloquent preachtr at St Mungo's Church paused with impressive forefinger at "fourthly," the elderly gentleman wiped the honest sweat from his b ow with a voluminous handkerchief, profusely illustrated with representations of horses and jockeys and horseshoes and whips, and softly unfastened the latch of a w indow in the back of a pretty cottage in the vicinity of Victoria Parade. Anyone who might have been passing at the time— even a policeman—could have heard him chuckle as he crawled through the open window, " Another case of Sunday trading." But nobody was passing—not even a policeman. There was a tradition among the people who lived around there that a policeman had once wandered down this way and gut tired, and went to sleep on a door-step and w.s heard of no u". ore. Since that time no policeman has been seen al cut that neighbourhood after dusk, and very few before that. But the ghost of a policeman is '.aid to walk hesitatingly and with a perplexed air all around the place, wanting, as the popular suj erstition has it, to find its way home to the police barracks. This in no way troubled Mr. William Bragg— which perhaps the writer of the present tragedy has forgotten to state was the name of the elderly gentleman. Calmly, but with the skilful alertness—which in ]S!r. Bragg seemed an inborn happiness of method —of one who knew his business blindfold so to speak, he stole up the stairs into the rooms above, I had rather draw a clothes-prop over the proceedings that followed For the fact was that, though Mr. Bragg went up the stairs with a bag comparatively empty—containing, in fact, merely a few necessary implements of his profession—he came down with the same bag crammed to bursting. It is but just to him to remark that he wiped his boots carefully on the mat before going upstairs. "No true gentleman," he remarked to the furniture, "would willingly soil a lady's carpets, no mater how pressing his business might be." He paused in the pretty li tie front parlour, furnished in the pretty old-fashioned melancholy way—table with damask tabieeover on it in the middle. Volumes of " Sunday at Home," "The Leisure Hour," " A Garland of Poe ic Thought" and hilarious holiday litera ure of a similar description piled carefully and with geometrical nice y a the corners. These he passed with a " Pshaw !" "There are no finenesses of thought about all these people," he said. '' For my own part as far as Sunday reading is concerned—when I'm not otherwise engaged give me Keble's "Christian Year," or Baxter's " Call to the Unconverted," or "something of that kind that goes home to you and touches your higher nature and nerves you for your business next day with a light heart." In the middle of the table was a large book with gilt clasps. Mr, Bragg put this in his bag. " I've been wanting a good 'un with big type and pictures in it," he said (all to himself and the furniture you know), "for Sunday reading." I'll have to regretfully take this. A man can't go without his spiritual comfort for the sake of a trifle of argument about ownership." CHAPTER IV. EXACTLY—and this was perhaps the most curious coincidence of all—when the preacher had come to "fourthly," aud the elderly gentleman had finished with the windowpane of the cottage, a figure, wi h a tall hat drawn heavily over its eyes, and wheeling a handcart, came through Paradiseplace. The handcart with the figure behind it— solemn, mysterious, urgent—passed into the gloom of the right-of-way, and halted just behind the back door of Mr. William Bragg. Quite half-an-hour elapsed, and then the handcart, with the figure behind it, emerged from the right-a-way and passed down the lane. " What a old miser he was, to be sure," muttered the figure. CHAPTER, V. "SAFE home at last with the bloomin' swag," chuckled Mr. Bragg. Best day's work I've done this year. One more job and I retire to spend the hevenin' of my days in quiet meditation hover the bundles of ' tracks' (this was what he called them) left by them girls that come around from the church, "Praps, too," he added, reflectively, "I might be a capting in the id army one day." Be meant the Salvation Army, Mr. Bragg was a self-educated man. Self- half-educated men, as a rule, are not delicately aasthetical where orthoepy is concerned. FREE, UNFETTERED ENGLISH is what they like as a medium of conversation, and the freer and more unfettered the better. There was—as you may have guessed by this time—no particular Academic lustre about Mr. Bragg, but what he knew he knew (to use his own Saxon emphasis)—which was principa'ly housebreaking, and, to feebly translate his own vigorous diction, " he knew that branch of art irredeemably well." Opening his door, with the brusque air of a man of property, he entered the house and struck a light. Nobody tl.ere, as a matter of course. And the rugged elderly • burglar gentleman hummed the air of "Home, Sweet Home,' in a low skeleton key. He opened the bag and gazed fondly but half hesitatingly on its conten's. His yellow-brown cheeks were suddenly suffused with a blush of red ochre; his nose became as a pillar of file by night to any ignorant or reckless person who might be passiug through Paradise Place at that hour. '' Watches and jools enough here," he mur mured, "to buy a station. And" (in calm, proud, but not boastful tones) "there's the beautiful—oh, the bew-tiful pile in the cellar I've been gathering together these twenty years in gaol and out. Now to put 'em in with the rest." CHAPTER VI. What was it ? A sudden stroke of lightning, a fit of apoplexy, the ghost of the lost policeman, too much rum on the previous day, or what ? No; something worse than all these put to- gether. He opened the cellar to find nothing in it. He was stunned at first. Then he sat down and wept. Then he got up and cursed. " To think," he sobbed and blasphemed indignantly, 1 that after I d been savin up all these 4 years a man should coir.e in and burgle the whole lot of my little savin's while I was out on business ! I've a good mind to report the case to the police." He thought better of the latter resolution, however, and— "The " he cried, reading a note he had picked up from the table. The note ran thus :— DEAR BILL,—Sorry to bust up our partnership, but you see you was too effeminate and unpractical for me. While you've been jimmyin' round for your little plunder, I've, as you may notice, scooped your little pool. You was a sly one, you was, but I was a Blyer. Evergreen, JOE BILKINS. 