ENTERTAINMENTS. THE THEATRES, &c.; Daring the lorig Christmas holidays, which have extended tar into the new year, the thooBanda of persons who have possessed so mach leisure, and evidently each a plea tifulness of money, have made the hearts of theatrical managers glad by filling their honsea and expressing loudly their satisfac tion. At this.season audiences ere indisposed to be hypercritical, and this readiness to be pleased may Bnpply some explanation of the acceptability of what are jcalled "panto* mimes." Moreover, it is the time when ' children are taken a good deal to the theatre £ and although the contemporary child does not take in so readily and without question what is seen and beard, aslbe child of half • century ago, he stall takes in a good deal; and does not express all the doubts which may harass him when he comeB to be a dosen years older. It is customary to speak of the bright and happy facefe of the childrenWho go to see pantotnimes, and perhaps in every such audience there will be seen a.good deal of brightness and happiness. But there axe also a good, many thoughtful young faces. Toung people do not now uniformly give themselves np to the Illusion, of, [the scene as' once * they 'did. - Some : of them criticUe- very severely For -" ex ample, the other night a. young. lady of four was heard to say when the giant's head was cut off, " But it does not bleed; it ought to bleed." The representation waa not sufficiently realistic for hen Another, a little older/on being t&kentosee; "Sophia,* observing how Mr. Tither&dgeflonrished; the razor about when shaving Mn Gladstone, remarked that,die did,not think therazor: was very sharp; or else it would be sure to cut the gentleman who was, being shaved.. And a young gentleman of 12 mud he did notthlnk much Of Mr. Wferde in the tipsy scene. He was quite sure he could play a tipsy man better; himself. And most ■ people will be disposed to agree with that young gentleman, for in truth Mir. Wards looks as if he were sbommink drnhkehheas, .andyoU expect hipot every moment to tell Sophia that he was only making believe to be drank to seehowshU would take it. Ofibegeneral representa tion of this play, however, it is only. jn|t,tO apeakin terms of fhll>h$ic; prftltof.It'dbeq both the management and thecompany great credit. '•••'' V- '•* ' '■ " Of."Ermiriiel' there seems to be but . ohh opinion—that the. interest .really. depends upon Mr. El^on in the Jaque^Sttop cha racter. For it is a, piece pf.acting1 which, while wildly travtotted, 'la hhYef m&deoutrd.; Yon confess to a cnrioUBlymlted feeling when seeing it^-thfctr.is, to/,say, yo« know it to be burlesque, but it;still hah the .quality jof probkbyity. , ^he truth- k. itis a singularly 'consistent piece of Actings It coheres, it is hot. fragmentary./ it lk a ired work of tart, because it is manifestly-workWt out on a definite plan, and all its details are Subordinated tola single effect. You cannot fhepae hut lafgh at it; it iaeo irresistibly pre* posteroas, and yet it does not uonfiict, your notions of probability, Anda p^rticultt ni'erit in it Is that/the humour qflt ishoB flung at you; It istikiort of humbhrwhich isnpparentty undesigned to 'be' ptovo^ti|jk' of laughter. Mr. Eltohisexoeedlhgly serijT The gravity pi themtoation is whg" J uised by hiuvandhis terror as the-terror of Frank Huasey, , _ St George's-hall a farcical sketch called "A Ghost in a Pawnshop." His alarm when the ghost showed itself was something never to be forgotten, for all that his face was. blacked and the whole representation was a caricature. And in respect of St George's Hall there could hardly be a more varied programme than that of. the present performance. It iB' arranged to Bait all tastes, whether the liking he for pictwes, for music, for athletics, or for Inn.: The Farwt Family in themselves areia tolerably complete company, and seem toh&Ve; devoted themselves to almost every kind of accomplishment That jwmger member of the family, who ie tossed iip into the air, twisted, .turned, and spaa roand and generally dealt with as if he were, a large football, is nothing less than a marvel. . And as a physiological. example Of what the hnmgn. anatomy will stand, especially the spinal column and the large nerve- centre he is peculiarly interesting. One would think that all that spinning wonld veritably tarn his brain. But he seems hone the worse for it; and probably rather likes it than other wise. On Wednesday night at this theatre a change was tendered necessary in the cast, owing to the illness of Miss Harnett, who has been seen to so mnch advantage in the part of the Princess. At very short notice the char acter was undertaken by Miss Sophie Osmond, a member of the company, and she acquitted herself ,so well as to entitle her to great praise, and the management are to be con gratulated upon being so fortunate as to have been able to supply Miss Barnett's place so readily and so welL The programmes at the Opera-honse and the Victoria-hall have continued to be sub stantially the same, and have apparently proved quite acceptable to the frequenters of those establishments. On Saturday night a concert was given at the Town-hali under the direction of Mr. W. J. Turner, at which the most interesting item in the programme was the name of Madame Schiller, who played with the fine expression and feeling for which she is so celebrated, the "Faust Waltz," as arranged by Liszt, and the " Recollections of Ireland" of Moacheles. In both of these the airs familiar to the general ear were given with singnlar fidelity, notwithstanding the embellishments with which in such composi tions they are of necessity surrounded. By way of encore she gavo Gottschalk's " II Tremolo." Mr. Turner himself executed upon the organ with much spirit and Jcorefal discernment Supp£'s "Poet and Peasant," Barri's "Marchof the Old Brigade," and a selection from "Les Huguenots," in which well-remembered themes were introduced. The vocalists were Mrs. Bethel, who sang with good taste the "Stay With Me" of Mattei, and the "My Faded Violet" of Mr. Plnmpton; Miss Loel, who gave with mnch sweetness "The L.oSt Chord," and " Alas Those Chimes;" Mr. O. V. Wood, who con tributed "My Old Friend John" and "Anchored;" and Mr. G. Wright,whose se lections were "I Fear No Foe," and "The Gallants of England." Besides the musical portions Miss Veitch recited in her admirable manner "TheNewsboy's Debt" and "Curfew Must Not Ring To-night" The accompani ments were supplied by Mc. Zerbini.' 