THE STOR^LER._ JACK. (From the Century.) (Continued.) Tve walked all this way lo bless you for myself/ said Tem. 1 ain't - fît for walkin,' nor I can't afford a ferry-ticket, for he didu't leave me notion' on this tip, but I've come to bless you. My husband came to your meetin,' Mother Mary by himself, Jack did. He never goes to any meetin's--nobody couldn't drove him ; but he came to yours, because he says you. treat a man like folks, and he wouldn't go inside, for he'd been driniku' and he felt ashamed. So he set outside upon a box behind the window and he peeked in. And he said it rained on him while he set peekin,' for he wanted to get ulookatyou. And he come home and told me, for we'd had some words before- hand, and I was glad to see him. 1 was settiu' there and ervin' when he come. .I wouldn't, Teen,' says he, 'for I've seen Mother Mary, and I'm reformed,' says he. So he told me how he set upon the box and peeked. He says you looked straight at him. He says you. stood up very tall and kind of white. He says von read something out of a book, and then you sang ta him. He says the song you \- sang was Rock of Ages, and it made bim feel so bad I bad to cry to see him. He come in and he got dowe ou the lounge against our window, and he put his hand acroat his eyes, and groaned like he was Imrted in an . accident. And he sajs, " Teen, I wished I was a better mau." And I says, " Jack, I wished you was." And he says,," I lost the hanker when I heard her Bing the Rock of Ages, and if I lost the hanker, I could swear off." So I didn't answer him, for if I says " do swear off," he'd just swear on-they won't you know, for wives. But I made him a cup of coffee, for I didn't kuow what else to do, and I brought it to him on the lounge, and he thanked me. "Teen," he says, "I'll never drink a drop again, so help me, Mother Mary 1" And then he kißsed, nie, for they don't you know, after you've been married. And He's gone out haddockiu', but we parted very kind. And so I come to tell tell you, for it mayn't bo many days that I could walk it, and I've been that to him as I said I should, and I thought you'd better know.' ? ' You've had no breakfast/ answered Mother -Mary, 'and you've walked too far. Here, stop at the Holly Tree as yon go home; get a bowl of soup; and take the ferry back. There, there ! don't cry quite so hard. PU try to- stay a little longer. I'won't leave town till Jack comes in. It fakes the Rock of Ages to cure the banker, Teen. But I've seen older men than he is stop as if they bad been stopped .ny a lasBo thrown from heaven. If there's any save iu him/ added Mother Mary below ber breath, . he BhaU have his chance, this time.' He want aboard- sober, and sober he staved. Ho kept a good deal to himself* audthonght of many thing«. His face paled out and refined, as their faces do, from abstinence;, the ghost af his good looks hovered about bim j he mended up his clothes ; he did a kind turn to a mess- mate now and theft; fae told some excel- lent clean stories, and raised the spirits of the crew ; he lent a dollar to a follow with the rheumatism who hadan intebted ness to liquidate for medicine. When he bad done ¡ this, he ; remembered that he bsd left his wife without money, and'said aloud : ' That's a -5- meau trick to play ou a woman.' He had bad luck, however, that trip; his share was small ; he made $7 and 27c. in three weeks. This was conceded bv the crew of the fiehing schooner (her name was. the Destiny > to be bc, «se Jack had .'.sworn off.' It is a supa -sti tion among them- One unfamiliar with the lives of these mon will hainmc old iron if he thinks to persuade them that rum and luck da not go together ; or t hat to * reform ' does not imply a reduction of personal income. ? You might as well try to put the fisherman's fist into a Honiton kee jumper, as the fisherman's mind into proportion upon this point. ' Therefore Jack took his poor trip care- lessly-; it was to be expected ; he would explain it to Mother Mary wbeu he got in.' He drank nothing at all; and they weighed anchor for. home. wuèn Jack stepped off (be Destiny, at Zephaniah Salt and Co.'s wharf at fair harbor, after that voyage, clean, pale, good-natured, and sober, thinking that be would get shaved before he hurried home to Teen, and wishing ho could pay the grocer's bill upon the way, and thinking that in default of this, he would start an account at the market, and carry her a chop or a sausage, in fact thinking about ber with Sn absorption which resembled consideration, if not affection-suddenly he caught her name upon the wharves. It may have been said of accident, or of the devil--God kno.#s ;f iheyl may havel been too drunk to notice Jack ni.first, or they may have seen and scented from afar the bad blood they stirred, like the hounds they were. It will never be told. The scandal of these places is incredibly bar- barous ; but it is less than the barbarity of drinking men to a man who strikes out from amongst themselves, and fights for his respectability. The words were few-they are not for us-but they were enough to do the deed. Jack was quite sober. He under- stood. They assailed the honor of his home, the truth of his wife ; they hurled her past ai her and at himself .) they de- rided the trust which he had , in her in absence; they sneered at the 'reformed mau ' whose domestic prospects were-as they were ; they exulted over him with the exultation iu the sight of the havoc wrought, which is the most inexplicable impulse of evil. Everybody knew how hot-blooded Jack was ; and when the fury rushed, red over hie face, painted grey by abstinence, there was a smart scattering upon the wharves. His hands clapped to his pockets : but his was an old, cheap, rusty pistol (he had swapped a Bible aud his trawls for it once, upon a spree, and got cheated) ; it held but oue cartridge, and his wrist shook. The shot went spluttering jato the water, and no harm came of it. Jack jammed the pistol back into his pocket; he glared about him madly, but had his glare for his paius; the men were afraid of him ; he was ¿lone upon the wharf. lt can hardly be said that he hesitated. Would that it could. Raving to himself -head down, lisnds clenched, feet stumb- ling like a blind man's-the fisherman eauk into the first open door he staggered by, as a seiner pierced by an invisible swordfish sinks into tho sea. i He- had fifteen snell places to pass before he reached his house. His chances were-as they were-at beBt. He drank for half an hour-an hour-a half more-came out, and went straight home. .. '. It was now night of a February day. It had not been a very cold, day ja light, clean snow had fallen, which was thawing gently. Jack, looking dimly on through his craze, saw the light of his half of the grey cottage shiping ahead ; he perceived that the frost was melted from the win- dows. The warm colour came quietly down to meet him acrosB the fresh snow ; jit had to him io his delirium the look of s vtomau's eyes when they are true, and lean out of her luve to greet a man. He did not put this to himself in these words, bat only said : * Them lamps look like she used to curse ' and went hurtling on. He dashed up against the house, as a bowsprit dashes on the rocks, took on« mad look through the unf aosted window below the half-drawn curtain and flung himself against the door; and th. His wife sat there in the great rocking chair, leaning back; she had à piUowïbe hind her and her feet on the salt-fish hoi which he had covered over to make i i cricket for her, when they were first mar ried. She looked pale and pretty,-verj pretty. She was talking to a visitor whe Sat upon the lounge beside hot. It was '< mau. -Now, Jack knew this roan well ; ii was an old mess-mate ; he had sworn <ufl a year ago, aud they had gone differed' ways; he used to be a rough fellow; bu ! people said now you wouldn't know him. * Î ain't so drunk but I see who you be Jim,1 began the husband darkly; Tl settle with you another day. I've got tba to say to my wife I'd say better if wi missed your company. Leave us by our selves! 'Look here, Jack,' Jim flashed goot humouredly, ' you're drunk, you know She'll tell you what I come for. You asl ber. Seein' she wasn't .Tight smart- am there's them as says she's lacked fe victuals-my wife seat me over here wit! a bowl of cranberry sass, so help m Heaven.' i ' I'll kill you some other «venin Leave us be !* cried Jack. ' We was sittiu' and talkin' about th the Reform Club when you come in,' ol jected Jim, with the patience of an ol friend. ' We was wonderin' if w couldn't get you to sign Jack. Ask be if we wasn't. Come, now! I wouldc make a fobi of myself if 1 was you, Jad See there. You've set her. to cryii already.. And she ain't right smart.'; 'Olear out of my house!' thundere Jack. ' Leave us by ourselves !' ' I don't koowa I'd ought to/ hesitate Jim. * Leave us be ! or I won't len ve you h a - minute longer! Ain't it ni house? Get out pf it!' \ 'It is, that's a fact/, admitted ll visitor, looking perplexed; 'but I d< clare to Jupiter I don't know's I onghter leave it, the way-things loo! Have your sen-es, Jack, my boy ! Hm your senses ! She ain't right smart.' But with this Jack sprang upon bili and the wife cried out between them, f< the love of mercy, that murder would n< be done. I 'Leave us be! she pleaded sobbin, 'Nothiu* else won't pacify him. ti Jim, go, and shut the door, and iban ber, for the. cranberry saree was vei kind of her, and for my husband's sal don't tell nobody he wasn't kind to me. There. That's right. There.' She sank bnck iuto the rocking-chair, ipr she was feeble still ; and looked gently np into her husband's face. All the tones of her agitated voice had changed. She spoke very low, and calmly; as if she gathered her breath for the first stage of a struggle whose nature she solemnly understood. Site had grown exceedingly pale. ' Jae, dear P softly. ' I'll give ye time,' he answered with ap ominous quiet. ' Tell yer story first. Out with it V 'I haveu't got nothin' to tell, Jack. He brought the cranberry sarse, for his wife took care of me, aud she was very kind. And he sot a little and we was taikin' about the club, just as he says we was. She's made Jim secretary, and she wanted you to join, for 1 told her you'd reformed !-Jack, Jack ! Oh, Jack ! What are you going to dp to me. What makes you look like that?-Jack, Jack, Jacfc?' 'Stand up here,' he raved. He was past reason, and she saw it; he toie off his coat aud pushed up his sleeves from his tfttooed arms. , ' You've played me false, I say ; T trusted ye, and you've tricked nie. I'll teach ye to be the talk of the wharves another time when I get in from the Georges'.' . She stood as he bade her,' tottered and eau ba ck; crawled up again, holding by the wooden arm of the rocking-chair, and stretched one hand out to him, feebly, She did not dare to touch him ; if sue had clung to him, he would have throttled her. When she saw him rolling up his sleeves her heart stood still. But Teen thought : , * I will not show him I'm afraid of him. It's the only chance Tve got.' The poor girl looked up once into his face'and thought he smiled. 'Jacki» Bear JackP' * I'll teach yé. ttl teach ye !' * Oh, wait a moment Jack. For the love of Heaven-stop a minute. I've been that 1 said I'd bo to you, since we was married. I've been au honest wife to you, my boy, and there's noue on earth nor heaven can look me. in the eye and darst to Bay T haven't. I swore to ye upon the Rock of Ages, Mother Mary witnessing-why, JackP' her voice sank to infinite sweetness, * have ye forgotten? You ain't yourself, poor boy.* You'll be so sorry. I ain't very strong yet-you'd feel bad if you should hit me-again. I'd hate to have you feel so bad. -Jack dear, don't. Go look in the next room before you strike again- . Ye hain't seen it y£t. Jack, for the love of mercy Jack, Jack.' 'Say?you've played roe false, and TU stop. Own up, and PU quit. Own up to nie, I say.' ? ' 'I can't own up to you, for I swore you by the Rock of Ages;* I swore ye I would be an honest wife. You may pummel me to death but I'll not lie away them words I swore to ye . . . by that, . . . i Jack, for the love of Heaven, don't ye, Jack- For the way you used to feel to me, dear, de»r, Jack, For the sake of the babies we had, . . . and yon walked beside of me, to bury em. - Oh, for God's sake. . , . . Jack ! .... Oh, you said you'd be kind to me. ... . Oh, ye|ll be sorry ! For the love of pity1. For the love of God! Not the pietol! Oh, for the Rock of--' But there he struck her down. The butt,end-of the weapon was heavy enough to do the deed. He Struck and then flung it away.: Upon his bared arm,-as. it came crush- ing, the crucifix was spattered red. * * * * * - * He g ond up stupidly and looked about the room. The «overs were off the kitchen stove, and the heart of the- coals blazed out. Her yellow hair -had loosened as she fell, and shone upon the floor. He remembered that she spoke about the other room, and said of something yonder, that he hadn't seen it yet. Con- fusedly he considered what it was. He stumbled in sad stared about the bedroom. It was not very light there, and it was some moments before he perceived the cradle, standing , straight across his way. The child waked as he hit the cradle, and began to cry, stretching out its bands. He had forgotten alt about the baby. There had been so many. ' You'd botter get up, Teen,' he said as he went out ; * it's cryin' af ter you'. He shut the door and staggered down the steps. He hesitated once, and thought he would go back and say to her : ,'. ' What's <he use of layin' there P' But he thought better, or worse, ot it, and went his way. He went out. and re- shipped at once, lingering only long enough to drink madly on the way, at a {»lace he knew where he was sure to be et alone. ' The men were afraid of Jack, when he was so far gone under as this. Nobody spoke to him. He went down to Salt! Brothers' wharf, opposite Salt & Oo.'s, andiound the Daredevil, just about to weigh- She WAS short hy one baud, and took him as he was. I He was surprised to find himself abroad when the next sun went down ; he had turned in his bunk and was overheard to call for Teen, ordering her to do some service for him, testily enough. ' Oh,' he muttered, ' she ain't here, is shoP Be blasted-if I ain't on tbs Dare- devil.' He was good for nothing, for a matter of days, and silent or sullen for the trip. It liad been a very heavy spree. He fell to, when he came to himself, and fished desperately ; his lack turned, and he made money; he made saveuty- fi ve dol- lars. The j were gone three weeks. They had a bitter voyage, for it was March, They struck a gale at St. Georges', and another coming home. It snowed a great deal, and the rigging froze. The crew were uncommonly cold. They kept the steward cooking briskly, and four or five hot meals a day wara not enough to keep one's courage up. They were particular about their cooking, as fishermen are, and the steward of the Daredevil was|fambus in his calling. But it was conceded to be unusually cold, even for March, at St. Georges. One must keep the blood racing, somehow, for life's sake. Whiskey ' flowed fast between meals. Jack was observed not to limit himself. ' It was for lack,' he said. Take it through, it was a hard trip. The sober men- lhere were some--hoked grim and pinched ; the drinkers ugly. * It's a hound's life,* said a dory-mate bf Jack's, one day. Hts name was Howe Bowe Salt; he waa a half brother of Jim's. But Jim was at home. And Teen, of course, was at borne. Jack had not spoken of her; he had thought of nothing else. God knows what those thoughts bad been. When Bowe spoke to him in this fashion, Jack looked hard at bim. Tve been thinkin' if it disobligates a feller,'he said. ' Hey P'asked Rowe. .. " If you was treated like folks ; but you ain't. You/re froze. .You're soaked. You're wrecked. Your, nets is stole. Ypu're drove off in the tog. You're drowned, and you loose your trawls. If you swear off. you miss your luck. It's dirty abroad. Folks don't like the looks of you. There's always a hanker in the pit o' your stomick. When you get upsn a toar you don't know what y on-do to folks.' Jack stopped himself abruptly, and leaned upon his oar; they were trawling, and the weather grew thick. ' Rowe,' he said, starting off into tho fog, * did ye ever think we was like fishes, us Fairharbor folks P' . 'I "don't know's I hey/ said the dory« mate, staring too. * Well, we be, I think. We live in it, and we're drowned in it, and we canît get out ou't,-we can't get out. We look like 'em too. Tvè thought about that; Some of us look like haddock. You've got the halibut look yourself. Skipper, he's got the jib of a monk-fish,-you cab see it for yourself. There's » mau I messed with, once, reminded me of a sculpin. I guess I'd pass for a lobster, myself-for colour, anyhow. ' We take it out someways, each on us. Don't you know the look the women folks have when they , get old and haye gone hungry P You can tell by ffoe build of a boy which way he'll turn out-halibut way, or hake, or mebbe mackerel if lie's sleek and little. It's a kind of birth-mark, I shouldn't wonder. There's no gettio' out on't, no uiore'n it out of you. Sometimes I used to think-' 'Good Lord!' cried Jack. He laid down his oar again, and the dory wheeled to starboard sharply. 'Rowe Salt, you look there! you tell me if you see a woman yonder on thé water!' ' You've got the jim-jams, Jack. Women folks don't walk at Georges., I can't ¡see nothiu' nowhere, but it's ¿hick as-r-'r....) ? 'It's thick as hell,' interrupted Jack, ' and there's a woman walkin' on the water. Lord ! don't you see her P Lord ! ber hair is yaller hair, and it's streaming over her-don't you see her P She's walkin' on this devilish fog towards tue dory. Teen! Teen! Teen! There! Lord save me, Rowe, if I didn't see my wife come walkin' towards us, us sittin' in this dory-r-Hi-i-igh ! I'll swear off when I . get home. I'll tell her so. I hate to see such things. ' Yon see, Rowe,' Jack added presently -for he had not spoken after that, bat had fallen grimly to work. It was ten be- low, and the wind was taking the back- ward spring for a bitter blow ; both men tugging at their trawls through tbs high aud icy sea, were suffering too much to talk-' ye see we had some words before I come on board, and she waan't righi: smart. The baby can't be very old. Î don't know bow old it is. I was oncom mon drunk ; I don't remember what I did to her. I'm afraid I hit her-for I had some words with ber. I wished I was at home. She won't tell nobody. She never does. But I'm set .to be at home and tell her I've sworn off. I've, .got money for her this trip, too ; I'm afraid she's in a burry for it.' j . After-ibis outburefc of confidence, Jack (seemed to cling to his dory- mate; he j followed him about deck, and looked wist- fully at him. Jack bad began to take on tlie.haggard look of the abstainer once j again. The crew thought he did not seem tike himself. He had stopped drinking, J abruptly, af ter that day in the fog, and J suffered heavily from the weather and j from exposure. r 'Xsay,Bowe.* he asked one day, 'if I anything was to happen, would you just 1 step in and tell my wife I didn't believe that yára about her ? She'll know.' Now it lief el, that when they were rounding Eastern Point, and not till j then, they-bespoke the Destiny, which was outward bound, and signalled them. I She drew tb speaking distance, aud her j skipper had a word with the master of the Daredevil, but he spoke none too j loud, and made his errand quickly, and j veered to his own course, and the two j boats parted company, and the Daredevil ] came bustling in. 'They wens almost j home. j It was remembered afterwards that j Jack was badly frostbitten upon that j age ;he looked, badly , be had strange' j ways; the men did not know exactly how I to take him. He was over heard to say : j 'J ain't a-goin' to go to Georges'again.' j Bowe Salt overheard this, after the skipper of the Destiny had signalled- and j tacked. Jack was sitting aft alone, when he said it, looking seaward. Ha had paid j little or no attention to the incident pf j the Destiny, but sat staring, plunged in j some mood pf his own which seemed as j solitary, as removed from his kind aud from their comprehension, as the moods I of mental disorder are from the Sane. I So then, with such dexterity as the I ignorant man could master, Salt got his j friend below, on some pretext, and stood I looking at him helplessly, j ' Fou don't look well, Bowe,' Jack sug j gested, pleasantly. j ,'Jack,' said his dory-mate, turnings" J white enough, ' I'll make no bones of it, I nor mince uothin', for somebody's got to j tell ye, and they said it nmî»t be me. J There's a warrant after ye. Theshrnff's j on the tug' betwixt ns /and the wharf, j She's lay in" off the island, him aboard of her.* j ' I never was in prison,' faltered Jack. J 'The boys have always-bailed me:' ' I 4'Tam t a ballin' matter, Jack, this j (imo.' .; * j 'What did you say? j ' I said it wasn t a baillin' business. j Somebody's got to tell you.' I Jack gazed confidingly up into bis I friend's face. I ' What was it that X done, old boy. I Can't ye tell me P' i . * Let the sheriff tell you. Ask the j sheriff. I'd rather it was thé sheriff told j you, Jack' J :. 'Tell me what it is Ï done, Rowe Salt P J I'd tell you? He looked <pnazled. j < 'The sheriff, knows more about it than j I do,* begged the fisherman ; ' don't j make an ola messmate tell you.' j ' All right,* said Jack, turning away, 1 Hé had . now grown very quiet. He j pleaded no more, only to mutter once : j, '".* I'd rather hear it from a messmate.* I Rowe Salt took a step or two, turned, j stopped still, and turnea again. I ' iou killed somebody, then, if you will j know.' j * Killed somebody Í' 'Yes.' j * i was drunk and killed somebody P* J 1 Lord help you, yes * . I hope,' hoarsely--' Look hete, Salt. I hope Teen won't know.' j 'I say. Bowe,' after« long pause, * who v was it that I killed P' v« Ask, the sheriff.' ' Who was it that I killed ?' " The skipper 'll tell you, mebby. I won't; No, f vow, I won t. Let rn« go. F ve * done my share of this. Let me up j on deck! I want the air!' 'I won't let you np on deck-so help me-till you tell !' ' Let me off, Jack, let me off P* . Tell me who it wat, I say !' '"? Lord in beaven, the poor devil don't know-he really don't.' ' ?* . I thought you would ha' toId/TB»¡S Rowe,' sail Jack with a smile-his . old winning smile, that had captivated bis messmates all his life. , ' I will tell yon !* cried Rowe Salt with an oath of agony. * You killed your wife. You murdered her. She's dead. Teen ain't to home. She*« dead.' '. m .- * # ? # - * - . They made way tor him at this side and at that, for he sprang up the gang, way, and dashed among them. When he saw them all together, and how they looked at him, he Btopped, A chango seemed to strike his purport he .it .^hat ithiight. '* ' , ..'v, 1 Boys/ said Jack, looking all about, , ' ye won't bavé to gb rio bail tor me. i'll bide my account, this time.' ' He parted from them, for they let him do the thing he would, and got himself alone into the bows, aud there he sank down, crouching, and so one spoke to him; The, Daredevil rounded Eastern Pointy and down the shining harbor, all sails set, came gaily in.. They were almost homo. Straightway there started out npou the winter sea a strong sweet tenor, like a cry. . It was Jack's wee-everybody knew it. He stood by himself in the bows, back to them, singing like an angul or a madman -some said this; spine.said theother ' Reek of Ages, cleft for me ! ' Let me hide myself in thee ; . . . ' Thou must save and thou alone. , . ' When I soar to worlds unknown, See thee on thy judgment throne.' aang Jack. With the ceasing of his voice, they di vin vd how it was,, by one instinct, aud ev?ry mau sprang to him. But he had leaped aud gained ou them. The waters of Fairharbor seemed them* selves to leap to greet him as he went ¡ dowu. These that hal borne him and mined him buried him as if they loved him. He had puntied up his sleeves for the spriug, hard to the shoulden', like a man «ho would wrestle at odds. Aa he sank, one bared arm thrust above the> crest of the loug wave, lifted itself towgffds th» sky. lt was his right arm, oa^fnieh the crucifix was scamped. White and go<d HS the lip« and heart of a lily, the day blossomed at Fairharbor one -June Sunday, when these, things were as a tale that is told, lt was a warm: day, sweet aud still. There was no wind, no fog. The harbor wore her in- nocent face. She had one; who eau help believing in it, to see it? The waves stretched themselves upon the beach as if they had beeu hands laid out in benedic- tion;, and the colors of the sky were like the expression of a strong aud solemn . countenance. So thought Mother Mary, standing by her husband's side that day, aud looking off from the little creature iii her ar nu to the faces of the fishermen gathered there about her for the service, lt was an opafuair service, held upon the beach, whare the people ehe lind served and loved Could freely come " to her-ami would. They had sought the. scene in large numbers. The summer people, too, strolled down, distant aud different, aud ' bung «\¡M)n the edge of the group. . They had * ,4vii welcome, hut no more. This was a fisherman's affair; nobody needed them;. Mother Mary did not belong to them. ' '? * 'Tue meetin's oars,' said -Rowe Salt. ' li's us she's after. The boarders aiu't of no account to her.* His brother Jim was there with Rowe, and Jim's wife, anil some of their respect- able women neighbours. The skipper of the Daredevil was there, and so were many of Jack's oíd messmates. , When it. was understood that Motlier Mary had adopted Jack's baby, the news had *nu like-ming tide, from wharf lo wharf, from drefc to deck-ev. rybody knew it. by thia time. Alino-t everybody was there, to «ee: the -baptism.-i'hti Fair hnrbor fisherman were alert to the honor of their guild.. They fumed but in force to explain matters, sensitive to show their best. They would have it understood that one may bayonne's faults, but one does not. therefore, murder one's wife. The scene in the annals and thc logeais of Fairharoor are memorable, and will be long. . It was as strange to the1 seamen as a leaf thrown over from the p iges of the Book of Life, inscribed in au un- known tongue, of which thuy onlv knew that it was the tongue of love. Whether it spoke as of men or of angels they would . liave been perplexed to say. lu her^. childless life, its poverty', its etrugjaltts, its sacrifices, and its blessed hope, Mother Mary's great heart took the j baby as she took a man's own betten nature for him ; that which lay so puny j and so orphaned: iu those wild lives of Í theirs, au iufant in her hinds. Jack's baby, JacU'e baby and Teen's, as if it had .been anybody else's baby, was to be baptised 'like folks.' Junk'*.>baby, poor little devil, was to have his chance. The men talked it over gravely ; it affected them with a respect one would «ot anticipate, who did not know them. They had their Sunday clo; lu»« on. They were aU clean. Tiiny hid a quiut.look. OneJ^ftOWj-who had taken a little too much^fentnred down upon the beacit, b'»t he was iipsUed away from the chrieteuiti.. and ducked in the cove, and hung npon the rocks to dry. One mast be sober who helped to baptise that baby. <.. This was quite understood. They sang the hy mil, Jack's hymn «nd Teen's; of course they sang the Rock of Ages, and Mother Mary's husband r<»ad 'the chapter* to them, as he wasns^d, and spoke With thom; aud it WAS so still among them that they could, hear each; wave of the placid sea beat evenly as if they listened to the beating of a near and mighty peaceful heart. Mother Mary t-p ike with them herself a IHle. Site t«dd them how she .took the child, iu despair of the past, iii hope oF the future; in pain and piiy,. »nd in love; yealing over him, aud O'IB, atul t hose:who nero of |beir inheritance, aud fats, their chances nd their hojrom, And iheirisbas. She told them of the child's pure heart within UH all, which ueedrt only to be mothered to bit saved ; which needs oulv that we foster it, to form it ; which needs that we treat, it aa we do other weak and helpless things, whether in ourselves or tu another. What was noble iu timm all, she said, WAS to them like this little thing to her; It was a trust. She gavo it to them, sn she said, as sho took the baby, here before their witnessing, to spare him from their mis-ries if she might. They were touched by this, or they seemed to be ; for they listened from their souls. * We'd ooghter take of our hats,' some body whispered. So they stood un covered before the minister, and Mother Mary, and Jack's poor haby. The saered drops flashed in the white air. Dreamily the fisher dieu heard the sacred words: ' lu the name of the Father : and of tho Son : and of the Holy Ghost. Amen.' But no ona heard the other words, said by Mother Mary close and low, when she received the child into her anns again, and b.»«ed her face over it : ' My ROU, I take thee for the sake and for the lore of thy father, and of thy motlier. Ba thou their holy ghost.* . But the fishermen, used not to under« stand her, hut ouly to her uuderstauding them, perceiving that she was at pmer, they knew mt why, asking of Heaven j -they knew uot what, the fisher mon said : ¡ I Amen, Amen, i ___________ 