THEATRICAL AND MUSICAL. Had the weather been " all that e iuhl bo desired" last night, instead of h.-iug cold and wet, Her Majesty's Theatre could not possibly bavo been more crowded. 'L'<te people, who evidently had failed to enjoy themselves during the day, determined to make up by a thorough oven- ine's eniovment. and while or-linirv people were polishing off their dmnor the entrances to Her Majesty's were thronged with people, who took possession of all parts of the building, the uauil occu pants of the galleries overflowing iuto tho : portions of the- house usually held sacred to tho godB and goddesses of the upper ordera. Tho oocasion was the second production of " Hamlet " by Mr. George C. Miln, andMiss Louise Jordan, Bnpported by Her Majesty's company. The audience, if not as select as on toe open ing night, afforded Mr. Miln a much better opportunity of testing tho popular feel ing, and the result proved a suc cess. Mr. Miln showed to better ad vantage than on the opening night, as he seemed to reach the pitcb of the house more successfully, and in many other respects the piece went smoothly and without any hitch in detail. Miss Louise Jordan, as Ophelia, has not quite improved on further acquaintance, her acting being somewhat listless here and there, and -her movements lacking that earnestness, force, and expression which claim the admiration of the house. Her elocution, too, was at times indistinct, and caused slight disorderly interruption from the gallery, which affected the even tenor of the play, and caused an appeal for fair play from Mr. Miln, who clearly is not accustomed to the little vagaries of the gentle youths of the pit. His appeal was met with a round of acclamation, which gave evidence that it was out of no want of courtesy that one or two noisy youths had expressed a desire not to. lose a word of the piece. Mr. Miln's Hamlet is a morose individual in deed. His gloominess clings to him from the rise of the curtain to the fall, and though it deeply impresses the ob server with the weird and fercible madness of the character, yet it precludes the exponent from giving that direct and humorous meaning to the various pas sages where points are to be scored. This is observable in many instances. Mr. Miln's acting, on the other hand, is generally forceful and expressive through out, ana scarcely ever fails to elicit appreciative applanse. His piercing look, although particularly appropriate at numerous points, might with pleasing ' consequences be dispensed with here and there, hut on the whole one may rise at the finish and feel deeply impressed with Mr. Miln's impersonation as one of the best put forth on a Sydney stage of recent years. It may be that his Hamlet seems an altogether strange one to those who have been accustomed to a somewhat dif ferent interpretation. His Hamlet re minds one of a dark and graesume picture in which strength and passion are depicted, unrelieved by even a suggestion of lighter colouring. In the ghost scene the acting of Mr. Miln shows to perhaps more advant age, and his shriek and heavy fall to the ground are admirably effected. Miss Louise Jordan as Ophelia has much room for improvement, which one with her intelligent capacity for acting should easily avail herself of. She has evidently not made herself quite at home in the part, ' bnt that ought to be easily rectified, considering her undoubted powers. Miss Emily Fitzroy carried off a full measure of acclamation for her effec tive interpretation of the part of Gertrude, Queen of Denmark, and the clear and effective enunciation of Miss Athena ClandiuB, as the Player Queen, was warmlv recoenised. Mr. J. W. Hazlitt made an excellent Horatio, while Messrs. J. B. Greville and Joe Tolano acquitted themselves, as first and seoond grave diggers, in a satisfactory manner. Mr. H. R. Jewett filled the throne of Claudius, King of Denmark, with a proper sense of his responsibility, although his appearance wonld not lead one to believe that he was Hamlet's uncle. Mr. Stirling Whyte made a fine old Polonius (Lord Chamberlain), while Mr. A. L. Isaacson and Mr. Tilsno, aB first and second players, could not be mistaken for doing anything but acting. The other characters were : — Laertes (son to Polonius), Mr. Walter Howe; Rosenorantz, Guildenstern, Osric (cour tiers), Mr. Edward Vincent, Mr. C. B. Westmacott, Mr. Edward Funstone ; Mar- cellus and Bernardo (officers), Mr. Guyton Heath, Mr. Frank Harcourt ; and Priest, Mr. J, W. Sweeney. In spite of wind and rain and general outdoor misery a very large house turned up at the Alhambra last night to witness the new bill. The firnt part, consisting of eleven numbers, was entirely successful, the comedians especially coming in for a largo share of the applause which was noisy and frequent. The finale entitled the " Spectral Visitor" was of the usual screamingly absurd order, and fairly moved the house to tears of laugh ter. The dancing of the Alhambra's popular team, Delowery, Craydon and Holland, was, aB these gentlemen's efforts always are, neat, clever and particularly acceptable. . Mr. Alf. James' specialty act was one of that comedian's best efforts, and upon its conclusion the house cried for more. Tho new sketch, "No Trespassing," was cleverly presented by Mr. Filson and Miss Errol, tnis couple further installing themselves as favourites. " Uncle Tom's Cabin " successfully concluded the bill. The Royal was crowded last night with a multitude, wet but happy in the enjoy ment of Miss Carrie Swain's remarkable impersonation of Carrie, the Tomboy. The varying moods and quick changing passions of this headstrong, gallant, and loving in dividual were delightfully pourtrayed by MisB Swain, and when the actress in the third act boldly plunges into a great tank of water, one fell almost per fectly dry and comfortable by comparison. Throughout the evening the audience marked, at almost every line, its keen ap preciation of the scene before it, and the clever work of the artists who nid Miss Swain so capably in making " Che Tom- hoy" a histrionic as well as a scenic and mechanical triumph. Daring - the recent recital given in Cheltenhamjby Faganini Redivivus, a looal musical amateur paid him the compliment of saying he considered his talent quite " Shakespearian." Faganini Redivivue replied that he thought it must be more Bacon than Shakespeare, as so many people called him " Pijanini." A sword-swallower was swinging a long sword preparatory to putting it down his throat at the Promenade Circu8,.Islo of Man, recently, when it flew out of his hand and went into the auditorium, striking a lady who had a child in iier arms. Fortunately, only the flat part ot ' the sword struck her. The spectators hissed the unlucky performer heartily. Miss Jane Grey, the actress who u -ed to play Mrs. Hatzell in "My Swept! i-;_art," with so much success in this city, is at present playing the same part i i tho Gaiety Theatre, Hastings, England. Little Ida Heath, doubtless well remem bered by our readers as an infant terpsi- chorenn prodigy, is fulfilling a 25 weeks' engagement through America with a Yankee Vuriety lot. Miss Fanny Robina has been specially engaged by Mr. George Edwards for a London Gaiety season, Mr. George Sanger wn3, some time ago, presented by an ex-groom, who recently came into a fortuno of £40,000, with a valuable diamond ring, accompanied by a letter expressive of the writer's respect for " the great showman." Mr. Carl Rosa has engaged Mr. William Corri to be stage manager at the Prince of Wales' Theatre, under his regime, which commences in December next. Tho performance by the Oarl KosaOpera Company of " Mnritana," at the Gaiety Theatre, Dublin, on Wednesday evening, drew the largest receipts ever earned in that city by the company. The coBtnmes for the production of " 1.B Yon Like It" at the Shaftesbury Theatre have been designed from tapestries, notably from those in tho South Kensington. Mu seum. Mr. Glendoni, R.A., has spared no pains to make them as nearly as possible archteologically correct. Mr. J. L. Toole has finished his holiday, and at lateBt was delighting large audiences at Bath, Exeter, and Torquay. Lord Arthur Hill has brought over to the Irish Exhibition a band froin Cork, who appear to have imported their dis loyalty in their fiddle-cases. They recently refused to play the National Anthem, ex cusing themselves by saying that they " did. npt know it;" and their refusal ap pears to have been condoned by the Execu tive Committee of the Exhibition. - The biggest thing known at the Prin cess since the days or rather nights of the " Silver King" is " StiH Alarm," which is running to overflowing honscB. At the Royalty Theatre Mr. Lionel Brough is now rehearsing Mr. George Grossmith's travestie " Hide and Seekel," and hopes to produce it on Saturday next, with the "Paper-chase." Mr. George Grossmith has written several new and original songs for the travestie. At latest advices, Henry Irving was abont to start through the provinces with "Faust." Miss Vane Featherston, a talented yonng actress, has just joined Hawtrey's . Company at the Comedy, where she is making a big hit in " Uncles and Aunts?' "She "was to have been staged at the Gaiety on September 6, with a ballet by D'Auban. , Toole, who has been lecrniting at Aix- les-Bains, was lately at Bristol with big "biz." , Early tbis month Mrs. Lancaster, known to playgoers as " Mibb Kate Wallis," will open the new theatre in Shaftsbury Avenue with " As You Like It." A translation of the naughty "La ToBca" is being presented by Hare's Com pany, at the Garrick. Says the London Erx: — "Any reports abont tbe new Gilbert and Sullivan opera must necessarily be received with cantion, as Mr. D'Oyly Carte's methods of drawing the Transatlantic pirates off the scent are wily and elaborate. The Americans, how ever, who profess to know more than most people, give the following acconnt of the forthcoming Savoy experiment : — The new opera is in two acts, and the scene is laid in Sweden and in Norway. The time of the play is the reign of Guatavus Yasa, during the revolt of the Darlecarlions and the miners of the Falnm. Gilbert and Sulli van have entered a field that is not only pie- turesqne in natural beauty and full of lively suggestions of romance, legend, music, ana poetry, but one that is almost a terra incognita on the operatic stage. The scene for the first act represents a harbour on the north coast of Norway. The scene for the second act is the Aula of the great Swedish university at Upsala. Scandi navian music has rightly won popularity through its modern apostles, and the quaint rhythm and fresh melody that characterise it have given a new inspira tion to the genius of Sir Arthur Sullivan. He was a pupil with August SQdermann, the Swedish composer, and with Niels W. Gade, the Danish composer, at the Leipsic Conservatory, where all received their bent of genius from Ignatz Moscheles and Dr, Reitz." Tbe following story is told as an illus tration of Verdi's eccentricity ot manner. A short time ago he was visited by a friend in a small bathing place, wither he had gone to recuperate himself, ' right away from the scene of his musical labours. The visitor found Verdi quar tered in a very small room, which evi dently served at once as a dining, dwel ling, and bed-room. When surprise was expressed, tbe venerable composer broke in, " Oh, I have two other larger rooms, but I keep the articles hired by me in them." Saying this, Verdi rose from his seat, opened a door, and showed his astonished friend ninety-five barrel organs, remarking, " When I came here all thes > organs played " Rigoletto," " Trovatore," and similar stuff. I have hired them from the owners. I have paid about 1500 lire ; but now I can enjoy my summer rest with out being disturbed." An exciting incident occurred m connec - tion with a visit of Sanger's Circus to Canterbury (Eng.) In the last round of the chariot racing, a collision took place, with the result that tho vehicle driven by a man named Thomas Warner was over turned, and its occupants shot out of the arena among theaudience. Warner, who fell upon Borne seats, fractured one of his lege, and was removed to the Kent and Canterbury Hospital m a fainting condi- tfon. The performance at Mr. Lowrey's Star Music Hotel, Dublin, on a recent, night, was interrupted by an extraordinary and startling incident. A man named William Kenny suddenly jumped from the top gallery, and fell with great force on a member of the orchestra, Mr. George Kennedy, cornet player. Both sustained severe injuries, ihe musician boing the more seriously hurt of the two. The occurrence took place about half-past 9 o'clock, juBt as the SiBters Grovenor were making their bow. The impres sion at first was that it was a " dummy" hurled downwards to create an effect, and the audience remained Beated, wondering at the same time what the meaning of such unwonted "business" could be. However, tbe real nature of the affair was at once apparent when Mr. Kennedy and the new-comer were seen lying on the floor. Mr. Lowrey was on the spot in a few seconds, and calling out to the people to keep their . seats, he, aided by some Bailors and a policeman, had Kenny, who was insensible, lifted over the orchestra and carried outside, Kennedy was able, with assistance, to make hie way out by the . passage underneath the stage, and two cara having been procured, both men were taken to Mercer's Hospital, Mr. Lowrey and Mr. Lowrey, jun., accompany ing them. Mr. Kennedy was found to have received a severe scalp wound, besides several bruises. He was playing his instrument at the time, and some of his teeth were broken. The reckless jumper sustained a scalp woond and bruises, but his wounds were not so severe as Mr. Kennedy's. It was afterwards ascertained that Kenny wae dreadfully dtunk when he took the daring leap. 