LITERATURE. MISCELLANEOUS REVIEWS. Longmans' School Geography vox •Australasia, By O. G. Chlsholm, M.A., B.Sc, Longmans, Green, & Co., London* •{Received through Messrs. E. S. Wigg and Son.) Mr. Chisholm In the compoei tion ot tills work has departed from the venal track, and has produced a volume ' based upon scientifically sound principles, . and instinct with interest to all students of the physioal features and phenomena of the globe. Be has taken as his pattern the system of geographical instruction ■ current in Germany, which proceeds upon the principle that it is impossible for . teaching to be both thorough and full of • minute detail. Furthermore, the writer -claims, and justly too, to have so treated Lis subject as to enable pupils to realize that in geography there is something to •understand as well as to commit to memory; in other words, he has sought ■ to make geography a mental '^discipline as well as a body of instruction. There is a •copious introduction, in which the general . characteristics of geographical study are •carefully discussed, and this is followed by chapters on Australia in general and -each of the Australian. Colonies in partiou ' lar, the latter exceedingly brief. Attention is given, not only to the solid earth and the •fluent sea, but to the productions of both •earth and sea, and to the various forms of life that lend variety and Interest to them. Then come chapters upon the other divi sions of the globe, care being taken to keep the mass of information given down to the lowest limits, but at the same time to omit mention of no vital fact conneoted with the geography of the countries dealt with. The book contains some scores of plates illustrative of scenery, of city life, •and of the customs and amusements of various races. Singularly enough, with 'the exception of one small representation •of the globe, there are no maps given, and this notwithstanding the fact that the • author insists upon their use as an indis pensable adjunct to the teaching of geo- j -graphy. This omission apart, Mr. Ohis holm's new school book can hardly be too 1 highly commended. j A Century of Australian Sono.— Edited by Douglas B. W. Sladen, B.A., ■&c.; Centenary edition. Walter Scott London. Mr. Sladen has done good service to Australia by presenting in a handy volume choice illustrations of the poetical works of many of Australia's most gifted singers. He doeB not profess even 'in this new and enlarged issue of his •earlier book to give specimens of verses of all Australian writers who have more or less successfully wooed the Muse, and he Is equally modest in disclaiming credit for .selecting for reproduction the beBt writ ings of those whose -works have come 'under his notice. What he aimB at is tc give "A selection of poems Inspired by life and scenery in Australia," and he has •carried out his purpose with sufficient •completeness to prove to those who have any literary discernment that this conti nent has produced and is producing a full share 'of men and women •gifted with poetic insight, and with the skill to give fitting expression to the thoughts inspired by communings with Nature and their fellows. Mr. Sladen himself is a better critic than poet, and the remarks appearing in his introduc tion upon the excellencies and defects •of the moBt distinguished of the writers ■from whom he quotes generally show sound judgment and strict impartiality. Every one will not agree with him in placing Alfred Domett at the head of the poets of Australia, but every one mnst agree that he adduces weighty reasons for -the faith that is in him. His estimates of Adam Lindsay Gordon, and Henry Kendall, and J. Brunton Stephens, •and George Gordon McOrae show •a deep insight and discrimination, aud fairly establish his fitness for the -ambitious task he has undertaken in the volume before us. South Australia's •poets have not been entirely overlooked, but the names cf not a few Sonth Aus tralians who well deserve mention have been omitted. One or two glaring errors appearing in the first, edition of .the selec tions,are corrected in this.- It is frankly -acknowledged that "AVoice.from the Bosh" was not from the pen of A L. 'Gordon, and the fact of its having been inferentially attributed to Mr. Sladen himself is imputed to a printer's error. The name of the real anthor is, however, at that writer's own reqnest withheld. Be its faults what they may, it must be con fessed that the present edition of "A •Century of Australian Song" is one of the pleasantest fruits of this centenary season. ——— Macmillan's Colonial Series. — " Fraternity," a romance ; "With the Im mortals," by F. Marion Crawford. Mac millan & Co., London. The author of " Fraternity" has no reason to be ashamed of 'his novel, for It is a work far above the average of modern novels. There is no lack of love-making in it, but, as the title implies, it primarily aims at representing a phase of fraternal •affection. The hero of the story is a model character, and throughout the book the higher and purer virtues •of manhood and womanhood as well as some of their greatest weaknesses ere strikingly portrayed. " With the Immortals" illustrates forcibly the versatility of the author. . It is no •light task that he undertakes, seeing that it devolves upon 'him after summoning the shades of inch direne celebrities aa Heine, Chopin, Caesar, Francis I., Bayard, and Samuel Johnson, to oause them to take an intelligent part in con versation with the agreeable mortals with I whom they oome in contact. How the shades are summoned Is told in graphic language, and with an attention to detail which gives a strange air of probability to the whole performance. The eventful inter views described take place in a romantic spot on the western coast of Italy, and there is an idyllic charm not only in the scene and its surroundings, but in the whole of the strange story. It is clear from the way in which the idiosyncrasies of the immortals are preserved, and from the light which their conversation sheds upon obscure parts of their history as it is known to the world, that Mr. Crawford has made himself well acquainted with the record of their lives. There is no evi dence in the utterances with which they are credited of their having learned much or forgotten anything during their ab sence from this earthly sphere. According to their own acoount of themselves their posthumous existence has been a passion less, monotonous sort of round. They are cognizant of all that has taken place on earth since they assumed the garments of Immortality, but they themselves have made no progress. As they were be fore death so they are now. Their weaknesses, their longings, their peculiarities, mental physical and spiritual,' have become stereotyped. The only things they have gained are a freedom from troublesome emotions and resignation to their inevitable lot. It speaks well for the skill with which the writer has handled his subject that the ludicrous element in the whole business does not obtrude itself except at rare intervals. The reader even accepts without protest the story of the ap pearance of the eyreus who sing their weird songs of enchantment and outstay the masculine ghosts who, finding the electrical conditions created at the outset of their visitations growing weaker and weaker, finally fade from sight. It would not be a fearsome but a pleasant thing to pass a few weeks in the company of such amiable, intelligent, entertaining spirits as those which Mr. Orawford conjures up. 