ffirumbs. Dull. Oval. Rink. Damp. Ru^by. Theatre, Rugby football. Our ostrich feather-. The perils of the eea, England v. Adelaide. That wily old Park'?. An Eitht Houi3' rapture. New Fish Market opened. Boom over ai Broken Hill. Afternoon tea at half-time. Barometer at noon to-day, 29 74. Council a^ourncd till Tuesday. Some talk of late sittings already. Is Mr. Holder an ambitious M. P. ? Addison at the top of the p ill so far. Some plain talk ai Thebirtoa to night. Mr. Bent still in hij Parliamentary bjd. Mr. Holder's go'ig ahead, isn't he, now ? Railway receipts agari show an aiv ^uce. Professor Ives on the Town Hall organ at 8 p.m. N S.W. stations resisting the Shearers'' Union. More defence expenditure by New South Wales. What tedious trlkin<; about thit Service ton rr lUer. f Northern Territory Knight busy Melbourne. What has become of the Facny Member lately ? What's the odds on the Englishmen winning ? Rugby match on Monday — practice on Saturday. N.S, W. Banks don't like the proposed propeity tax. Mr. Garrett appears to have had enough of Sir Hemy. Those Queensland cats .should keepdt- vn the rabbits, A bine look-out for Tom's Ch : ne^3 B il t the Council. Loafers and sharpers clearing oat of BrokenHilL Treasurer Tom's total balance only a trifle of £S,795 put. Crazed Sir Henry wQl not go to the Cen tennial opening. " Fresh from school, his playmates, aud his mother's teaching." If the Englishmen win to-day the Norwoods had better look out. Mr. Ward seemed to nag too much aboutthat Serviceton matter. Will the Chinese Bill pass the Assembly before the adjournment ? Rough weather on Tuesday stopped the work at Semaphore Pier. When is Field-Marshal Ncsh going to enrol his National Militaiy Corpj? Tom ehould remember that delays ate dangerous with the Chinese Bil!. Too much business for Sir Hen.y Parkea to go to the Melbourne Exhibition. Procession craze dying out—hoi ay-handed likely to leave it to the youn^Bteia, "C, Williams" is down upon the land cormorants and assessment swindle. Bun rose at 7.9 a.m.; Bets at 5.3 p.m. Moon rose at 9.9 a.m.; Bets at 8 p.m. Midshipmite Lachlan McLean wit Bwepfc away with the miz?n top^allantmaat. Tom "somewhat mournfully" admitted that he had made a mistake for onse. Goveiaor JervoiB has accept ! bu invitation toattend the Victorian Exhibl.loD. ' Four thousand pounds vot d by t 1 t V.R.A, for the Cantennial E'.fle Hitches. A clium for goods lost by Governmeit E"T months ago is still " under consideration." Why should Mr. Holder take the J Bitting motion out of the htinist./e h~ida 1 "Silence is Go(u)lden 1" One would think so after watching the senior member lor West Torrens. "Blame me, I wouldn't have cared a button for r.'l that happened if the boy had not gone." Mr. Hopkins striving to be witty in the Assembly. We shall next have a bear ng to be elegant. Sydney Government will firit consrTt Parliament bsfore'Jlealing with the Pacific cable question, Mr. Nash is becoming quite a humoruX Well, well; nnlikely things have a way of happening sometimes, Hon. Samuel need not£e afraid to go to tbe open' ig of Melbourne Exhibition, Sir Hen.y Parkea will not be there. .. "Anxious" suggesta that Mr. Todd should arrange for some ei^ial on Poat-Office towsr when the cable is restored. Quotation for July 12 I am sure care's an enemy to life. Tadjik M3I*. Mr. Husse$'s speech about Goveijn./* houBes did not come off. Hia heateij fai r wept at the disappointment John Darling regrets the Chinese Conference Delegatea were not sent to ParramttU and fed upon skilly for a week. A quadrant,Jlar^word duel Let. in Mr. Ward, Mr. Playford, Mr. Catt, .- id Mr. I jrner—Mr, Coglin to supply the amoLuni. ttc^. "Ah," said a member in a deprecating way yesterday, "I never wilfully insult anybody.'* Who said you don't hearnewa in our Parliament. "Ah 1" said Mr. NFIB, "onlyadjou.jthat motion and 1U bwe my :.iy." It wM adjourned, aud now we shall hear what w ihall hear! It is underBtozd that Mr. Stirling and Mr, K'mber will probably address the House Leon. Is that LO? NOW we shall, hear from, the old Sphinx. Surely itis noS true that one member of the Legislative Conrcil bas Buoh a down upon, Mr. Cotton that he will not lease ' id * i- "Cotton" bush en it? Harry VILL, ye Eaglishe Blue Beirde, married his sixth wyffe, ye Ladie Catherine Parr, 1543. EarthBhock at Caltoirij and surround'-? g ootriry, 1886. Mr. Ward—' 1 Why isn't the Premier m manly ?" Mr. Catt—" Oh, of our^e, nobody but Mr. Ward can be manly I" Mr. We'. J— "I hope that Mr. Catt does not ^ipi.j to womanliness." (Smiles all Tound.) AJgentleman who, airlving iu Euglrid from abroad some eighteen or twenly y^ura age, invested about £250.030 in land, h-i recently died, pnd the heir has been actually meditating whether, considering the chs ^eaon it, it is worth while taking it ever. The Pope not only reads half a dozen of the lead'o? French and Italians joa» lis bvery day, but insisti upon be : T» p ovided with a selection of American rid E^isli ptpere, from which he dir'.:ts oae of bia Beoretarles to macce copious notes on l:adir» topios. In Berlin, the Cowrt Journal says, the late words of Prince Bismarck in the Reichstag, "We Germans only fear God.]" are being, engraved on brooches, scarf pins, medals, pipes, mugB, and everything that will bear an inacription, and the articles thus decorated' Bell readily. A Leeds merchant, out of mere bravado, entered the cage of four lions in a travelling : menagerie" at Leeds. The female tamer entered first,and was followed by the. merchant, the latter coolly smoking a cijar. The lions'did not relish the new comer, butdid not attack him. Eurns's cottage has narrowly escaped destruction, A boiler at a smithy close by exploded, and a portion of the ironwork was projected a distance of 70 yards and fell on tne thatched roof, penetrating through the rafters into the room beneath. Fortunately the room in which the poet was born escaped injury. — ' - .„ Mr. and Mrs. W. K. Vanderbilt are! said to have been frightened ont of their Bavarian castle by ghosts. They had leased the rpyal house for several months, but only remained in it two nights. Their rest was disturbed by peculiar noisea that could not , be * accounted for; the leasewaa^ven up aud the disturbed couple retorned toParis, ' General Bonlaager'e mother, who is a Welshwoman, is now 84 years old, and lives quietly at Ville d'Ayiay. Heir di«tingni»hed son always treats her with the greatest veneration. Her intellect is weakened. She began to lose her mind about two-years go. General Bonlauger has just sent to ibis mother's house all the decorations, gifts, And other.objects of value/which used f) adorn his atudy at Clermont-Ferrand. . * 42 