Ocr Story. The Ghost of Royal Dene. Botai Dene is a very fair specimen of an Elizabethan mansion. It is situated in a fine park of over two hundred acres, in one of the midlands counties, and has somewhere in the grounds a dilapidated ivy-mantled wall, which was—or, at least people said so—the ruin of a Norman keep. Royal Dene had been for some time in the market when it was bought as it stood, with the surrounding estate, by Mr. Timothy Biggins, an exceedingly wealthy, respectable, and not particularly vulgar man, for the round sum of £70 000. Mr. Biggins had made his fortune in the bumble, if estimable, profession of soap-boiler ; after having passed hisyonth and middle-age in cloBe attendance to business, he found himself, at sixty, a mil lionaire, and experienced the not unna tural desire to place himself, his buxom wife, his two sons and three daughters into that station of life to which they had not been born, and to which they unani mously aspired with the eager longing of the Peri at the gates of Paradise. The two sons were in the army, both in India, where they spent lavish allowance ! with a lavish hand j the eldest daughter had married too early to participate in the elevation of her family ; the two others, Susan—now by common consent called Susannah—and Elfrida, the youngest, were at home ; and it was to secure for them an eligible—read titled—settlement in life that Mr. Biggins strained every nerve, and had sunk capital in Royal Dene. The investment bid fair to be a remunerative one. London society had been indifferent to, if not contemptuous of, the soap- boiler's wealth, and his aspirations consequent thereon. " His name," said a fashionable leader of ton, who would gladly have countenanced his magnificent balls and eaten his luxurious dinners—*' his name is so much against him ; otherwise he might be asked—he is really quite present able. Timothy Biggins, who was shrewd, did not waste time in breaking his head against a stone wall, but quietly, through I the agency of a gentlemanly solicitor he had the wit to employ, tried the country, bought Royal Dene, a place with a name as good as his was bad, and set up as a country gentleman. The country had in former days been in the habit of calling on Royal Dene dur ing the chequered destinies of this fine domain, and made no difficulty about calling on the new proprietors of it, tak ing for granted that to possess such a place at ail was a passport of respectabi lity ; accepted the Biggins'a invitations, and, after a fashion, returned them. But Timothy Biggins, still advised by the gentlemanly solicitor, was especially great in having home parties—collected from afar, a little at random, with small hopes of return, but with the security that those remote guests would accept Royal Dene on its own merits, and ask no questions as to the length of his ownership. There were house-warmings at Christmas, a gay fortnight atEaster, and September brought a succession of guests ready to shoot the coverts and thin the reserves. Young men of good address were attentive to Susannah and flirted with Elfrida ; and, as a sign of the social prosperity of the family, it may be noted that the Misses Biggins had already refused several offers which formerly would have been their highest ambition. Yet the Bigginses were not happy 1 Royal Dene was, it is true, a princely habitation. It boasted of a sombre four poster, one of the innumerable beds in which that itinerant sleeper Queen Eliza beth had reposed; it had worm-eaten tapestries, carved oak black with age, monumental fireplaces, and obscure re cesses—things abhorrent to Mrs. Biggins, who only retained them because told to do so, and had found consolation from the antique by furnishing a suite of rooms in bright crimson and gold on the author ity of a West End upholsterer, who as sured her it was pure "Louey Kenze." Royal Dene had parterres, pleasances, the keep—everything seignorial; but Royal Dene lacked a ghost 1 It so happened that at the beginning of their occupation Mrs. Biggins and her daughters were very fond of showing off the house, and eliciting exclamations of admiration and wonderment from their guests; but they found it difficult to an swer a constantly recurring remark, " Now do tell us about your ghost 1" ** We have not one," cheerfully and gratefully answered Mrs. Biggins, who: was superstitious, and to whom Royal Dene as it was gave the creeps. "O, impossible!" cried Lady Adele Featberstone. " This too delightful old house must be haunted! all such places are—all the old families have their mys terious legends. Why, this house would be no bouse at all without its ghost 2" " My dear child," somewhat supercili ously interrupted the Countess of Lander marks, Lady Adele's mother, " our host ess—not belonging to the original old family of Royal Dene—is not perhaps conversant with the hereditary tradi tions." " O, indeed," promptly interrupted El frida. 4* We have been here quite long enough to know all about our place." " Possibly, my dear," said the Countess, who rented a furnished house in London —" possibly," and the matter dropped. But the necessity of owning a family ghost was henceforth so impressed on all the Bigginses that they began to look upon the £70,000 spent on Royal Dene as a dead loss if they, could not produce the : spectral visitant whose absence stamped them as unmistakably new people. Su sannah and Elfrida read up books of folk lore, they made the old village crones gossip, and at the end of a few months, with the connivance of their parents, they began casually to mention weird and un canny noises heard in the west wing, to speak with bated breath of stealthy mid night steps in the west corridor, of flick «ring lights in a coupte of uninhabited rooms (set apart for that purpose), and of a faint transparent figure seen'issuing therefrom. Veiy soon the servants swore they had seen and heard these manifesta tions, and tbeir terror corroborated the < tale with such effect that a real Royal ' Dene ghost was introduced to the world under the laboriously concocted name of the " Gray Visitation" as haunting the I western corridor. It may be that the owners of the man sion believed in the myth; at any rate they met all sceptical or cynical incredu lity as to its existence with extreme indio. nation, and averred that no one in the place would go near " those rooms" after nightfall at any price. They discouraged foolhardy proposals made by bold visitors to sit up all right and rout the Gray Visit ation from its quarters, hinting at some dark fate which might befall the family if the ghost was roused to ire and made to walk abroad. One month of November Royal Dene was full of guests; among the visitors was young Lord Denisdale, noble as a crusader, penniless as a mendicant friar. He was honestly in love with Elfrida, who returned his affection, and would have married him off-hand had her father consented. Sut the old commercial in stincts of Timothy Biggins did not con sider the solitary assets of rank sufficient in the matrimonial contract, so he hung back, equally unwilling to dismiss a lord and to give his daughter to a pauper. The course of the lore affair did not run quite smoothly, and the lore-making was carried on by stealth at odd moments and in odd corners, when the watchful soap boiler was off his guard. The young couple trusted to their own perseverance [ and to the prestige of the family to finally win their cause. Susannah was in her sister's secret, and all the more indulgent as she herself nou rished matrimonial plaDs of her own. She had a strong leaning towards the Hon. Algernon Foraythe, another of her father's guests, a man of the world not absolutely in the heyday of reckless juvenility, but young-looking, handsome, admirably groomed from the top of his shining black head to the tip of his var nished hoots ; his hands were the softest, his teeth the whitest, his moustache the curliest of any in the home party. Some envious " old friend," it is true, hinted that the Hon. Algernon would not see fifty again, but, as Susannah remarked to Elfrida, "That is preposterous, and un true on the face of it; why he has not a grey hair in his head, and he carries him self far better than all those slouching boys—better even than your Denisdale." " No, not that," answered Elfrida; "but he is veiy nice and beautifully dressed. His valet told Milna in the house-keeper's room that hk chambers are just wonderful to beholdi-his dress ing-table is a marvel of daintiness : Mil ner catalogued all the silver-mounted brushes and scent-bottles for my benefit while she was dressing me this morning." "Did she tell you nothing else, dear? Well, much as I like Mr. Forsythe, I would not marry him if he was forty, much less fifty. Indeed, he knows what I think of disproportionate marriages, for he asked ine after tennis, smiling and showing all his beautiful teeth, whether eight years was too great a difference in the ages of a man and his wife." "And what did you say?" Well, that a man of thirty-five was a most suitable parti for a girl of twenty four." " Your age ; I hope he twigged. Papa 1 is sure to consent, you lucky girl ? While II Fancy I never could get a word with dear George since breakfast!" , " Are you going to meet him this even- j ing ?" J " Yes, if I can ; as soon as you begin to i play your serenade after dinner we'll slip i off to the haunted rooms for half an hour, i as usual. W hat Bhould we have done but for that blessed ghost ? No wonder families have them : they are useful." " Be careful, Elfy. Mr. Foraythe has the last visitor s suite in the corridor close to the haunted rooms, and his valet has ! the small room opposite. He preferred those this time—I forget for what reason; ' something about smoking or having his ' man close to him ; anyhow, he's there. " Q, he won't interfere. He would not disturb a ghost. I heard him say he be lieved in spiritual manifestations, and held them too sacred for mortal interference; besides, there is the red baize door be tween the habitable portion of the gallery and the ghostly one." The haunt of the Gray Visitation was a large apartment opening into a small closet without any other issue of its own, divided by a thick partition wall from the bedroom of Mr. Forsythe. Some antique furniture remained undisturbed therein ; heavy chairs, a cabinet, a fireplace, and a brass suspension lamp, covered with dust and inexpressibly gloomy, but affording the lovers a safe trysting place as they sat | hand in hand, careless of the surround ings, whispered soft speeches and un changing vows of fidelity. last night Susannah played her seren ade in vain. Mr. Timothy Biggins but tonholed Lord Denisdale, and Elfrida saw the hand of the clock move round towards eleven o'clock without a chance of escape. The signal for breaking up the party was given, but, reckless with hope deferred, she contrived to say a few words to George as he bade her good night. " When all is quiet I shall go to the west wing; meet me on the top of the stairs." It had just struck twelve when Elfrida, in a soft unrustling gown and heelless slippers, met her lover at the entrance of the corridor, coming from the opposite side. Denisdale was expecting her, and they stole on tiptoe to the haunted rooms. The young girl suddenly stopped, and, wildly clutching her lover's arm, whis pered faintly, "Look—look ! what is that ?" Under the door of the haunted room a gleam of unearthly light shed a lurid ray across the dark oaken floor, and at the ' same time a strong smell like sulphur j floated on the air, which seemed laden with a misty vapour. It was no decep- j tion of Elfrida's senses—they both saw, both Bmelt it. Involuntarily both felt that some dread presence was there, i claiming the territory fictitiously attri- ; tributed to it, and guarding its entrance, j Denisdale, however, rallied. j " It i3 some infernal trick," he whis- J pered. " We are sold. But I will find out; stay here." And, regardless of El- j frida's detaining hand, he walked to the j door of the haunted chamber, and at- j tempted to enter. For the first time j since Royal Dene had changed bands it j was locked—locked on the inside. He j paused irresolute. Elfrida joined him. ■ They listened—a faint rustling sound was j heard, which soon subsided, and a deep- I drawn sigh floated on the air. George bent his eye to the keyhole, and with difficulty smothered an exclamation : he had seen a white shrouded figure appa rently crouching before the hearth, on which a pale flame burnt. Before he could prevent her, Elfrida had stooped also, and gazed on the same vision ; only as she looked, the figure, without turning round, lifted a long white finger with a warning and threatening gesture. With a hysterical cry she dragged her lover away, and, half-fainting with terror, rushed into her room and threw herself on her bed, burying her face in the pil lows. Milner, who had been dozing in the dressing room, came to her and ex claimed— " Why, lor, miss ! what's the matter?" Elfrida turned to her. " Why, you're as white as a corpse! One would think you'd seen a ghost." " I have—I have !" cried the girl, los ing all self-control and sobbing very vio lently. " Not him ? Not the Grey Wisitation, miss ?" "Yes, Milner, yes." This imprudent admission, which El frida would fain have recalled the next morning, when a few hours' sleep and the cheery sunlight somewhat restored her composure, had been commented upnn in the servants' hall, where the story of the apparition became at once highly coloured The Honourable Algernon's valet brought it to his master with his shaving water, and when Mr. Forsythe came down to breakfast he found it the only topic of conversation. With his acknowledged leaning towards the supernatural, it was natural to find him inuch interested. When he ascertained that Miss Elfrida alone—for Denisdale, for cogent reasons, kept his share in the night's proceedings dark—had seen the ghost, he questioned her closely ; her emotion, her incoherent answers, testified to her real terror and belief in the vision. The Honourable Al gernon sympathised with her, and again impressed on all present the imprudence, nay wickedness, of attempting to sift or exploin what was beyond the ken of mor tal intelligence. After this episode the Royal Dene ghost, or, better still, the Biggins ghost, ceased to be apocryphal, and while the family was made exceedingly uncomfort able by the unexpected confirmation of their story, yet it was felt to be an open admission to the exalted sphere of a higher social position. By common consent, and at the express wish of Timothy Biggins, it was agreed that no attempt should ever be made to disturb the Grey Visitation in its own precincts, lest, as Mrs. Biggins tremu lously observed, " it should take into its head to come out and walk." The Hon ourable Algernon warmly approved of bis host's decision, and having a fine reputa tion for personal courage, he could well afford to stand by his opinions, and repeat that where the supernatural were con cerned, discretion was the best part of valour. Gradually the excitement sub sided, Elfrida and Lord Denisdale seeking and finding a more commonplace spot for their rendezvous. About Christmas, Captain Biggins came home from India on the month's leave ; he was duly introduced to the glories of Boyal Dene, which he deigned to call " a jolly old place," and to which he very promptly brought three or four brother officers, nothing loth to enjoy the hospi tality of that " rum old cove, Biggins's governor." On Christmas Eve the usual country festivities took place, and such entertain ments as charades, the yule-log, carols, snapdragon, and ghost stories were re sorted to. For the first time Captain Biggins heard of the Grey Visitation, and was immensely delighted with it; he got himself posted up in all the particulars, and was primed with the highly-seasoned details of the ghost's personal appearance, the brimstone fumes it emitted, &c.; Having ascertained through the butler that the manifestations still occurred, he allowed the majority of the guests to re tire, and collected his own particular chums in the smoking room to unfold a little plan of his own. " The governor is being gammoned to a dead certainty," he said. "I can't make out if he is partial to the ghost or not; but I must see what it really means, and above all shut up that barber's block of a Forsythe, who is always prosing about spiritualism. Such a boa vivant as he is, too." So, at the orthodox midnight hour, the four conspirators, having removed their shoes, stole into the west corridor, passed . the baize door, and prepared to face the > occupant of the haunted room, armed with pokers and a couple of revolvers. The ' corridor was absolutely dark. Presently I they became aware of a creaking grinding ! noise, apparently in the wall on their right, and almost immediately a gleam of light struggled under the door at their feet. They listened: they heard a shuf fling sound and the dragging of some heavy body across the floor, while the fumes of brimstone or Bulphur grew every moment stronger. With a whispered word they threw themselves against the door; the fastenings were old and inse cure ; it yielded almost immediately, and they burst in, to see—a muffled figure before the hearth, on which a spirit lamp was burning, throwing cadavervous vapours aloft; behind the white figure stood a spare black form, pouring a li quid from a phial. The two phantoms turned at the crash of the bursting door, and the intruders recognised the Honour able Algernon Forsythe having his hair dyed by his valet. Without his mechani cal and artificial adjuncts he looked what he really was, a man of sixty. If a fop, he was not a fool; he saw that his only chance was to appeal as a gentle man to the four officers and gentlemen { who stood before hiin convulsed with' laughter. He told them with half-pa- j tlietic, half grotesque frankness that he i had a horror of old age, and fought it i with every weapon in his power; that he 1 dreaded the tittle- tattle of servants, and could only trust his own man. He had ' accidentally found a secret door of com munication between his bedroom and the J closet of the haunted chamber; it had ati once struck him that, protected by the awe attached to that apartment, it was the safest place he could find for the nightly elaboration of the little artifices by which he preserved his youth, the very nature of which, owing to the sulphuric: smell of the preparation he used, would! have betrayed him to prattling house maids if carried on in his dressing room, and soon be made known to the whole es tablishment. He trusted that the mid night intruders would respect a secret thus obtained, and remain silent. Captain Biggins and bis comrades, who enjoyed the whole thiug immensely, bad' the generosity to give the required pro mise and the strength of mind not to di vulge it. The following day a telegram sum moned Mr. Forsythe to town on urgent business, and he departed bright, fresh, young, alert with his raven hair, dazzling teeth, blooming complexion, and lithesome figure, " not looking a day over tliirty five," as the very well-tipped butler re marked. He went—without proposing to Susan nah—somewhat to the surprise of that young lady and the disappointment of her father. Mr. Timothy Biggins was caught at the rebound, and after the departure of a possible son-in-law gave his consent to the union of Elfrida with a certain one, settling on her a dowiy of a soap- boiling millionaire. There does not exist within three conn ties to this day any being sceptical enough to throw a doubt on the existence of the ghost of the Royal Dene. -World. 