DEAD MAN'S ROCK. A Romance bt Q BOOK J. THE QUEST OF-THE GREAT RUBY. CHiPTERJ3IX. (Continued ). _____ CONTAINS THE second FABT OF mi FATHERS JOURNAL, SETriNG F >BTH HIS ADVENTURES in THE island of cstlos. ,.i it'll 'I almost wept with wrath. . I tore the turf in mv frsuzy; aud fait as oas who would fain cursa Gjfl and die. But after a while mv Dission sDsnt itself. I sat up and reflected that after all my fitso direction might have been the right one ; at any rate, I woaid try .an I explore it thoroughly. Tae instructions wiru precise, aad had been con firmed in the matter of the tree Evidently the person th »c wrote them had been npon the Peak, and what, if they ware lies, was to be gained by the cheat ' I pulled out the parchment again and read it through ; then started to my feet with fresh energy. I was just leavsag the little la vu aad returning down ray path, when it struck me tbatihebaiih on my left hand waa of « curious shape. It seemed a mere tangled knot of creepers covered witthiuje white bl issom, and rose to about my ova height. Carelessly I thrust my stick intoti i mass, wheu its point jarred upon — stone ! ' Yes. stons ! In a moment my knife was out and I was down on hands and_ knees catting and tearing at the tendrils, bome of them were full three inches thick, bnt 1 sltshed and tagged, with breath that came and went immoderately fast, with bleeding hands and thumping heart, until little by little the stone was bated and its outlines revealed themselves. ' But as they grew distinct ana I Baw what I had uncovered, 1 fel back in terror The stoue was about five f-et ten mcheB in height, and was roughly shaped to represent a human h9ad and nock. Bat th© faca it »a9 that froz my heatsd blood in norror. Never until I die shall i forgot that hellish exprassiun. It waa the smoothly-shaven face of a man of about fifty years of age, roughly carved after tbe faahiou of many of the ruins on this mountain. Bnt whoever fashioned it, the artist must have been a bend. If ever malignant hate was expressed m form, it stood before me. Even the blank pupils made the malevolence eeem but the more undying. Every feature, every l""- horrible, every touch of the chisel had added a ?resh ftrace of devilish spite. Ic waa simply Evil petrified. , , . . 1 As this awful face, bared of the innocent creeper that for years had shrouded its ugli ness from the light of day, confronted me, a feeling of Buch repulsion overcame mo that for several minutes I could not toach it. The neck waa loosely set in a Bort of socket fixed in the earth; this was all the monsters pedestal. I saw tbat it barely needed a man s strength to Bend it toppling over. Yet for a moment I oonld Bnmmoa up none. At length I put my hands to it, and with ao effort sent it crashing over amid the brushwood. ' The trough in which thiB colossal head bad reBted was about four feet in depth, and narrowed towards the bottoms I put down ray hand and drew out— a human th»gbbone. Ths touch of this would have turned me Biok again, had not tbe statue s face already sur feited me with horror. As it waa, I waB nerved to any sight. The passion of my discovery was upon me, and I toaBed the mouldering boues out to rigit and left. ' But stay. There seemed a great many in the trough- Surely this was the third thigh- booe tb«t I held now in ray had. Yes, and below, cloBe to the bottom of the trough, lay two skulls side by Bide. There were two, then, buried here. The parchment had only spoken of ooe. But I had no time to con sider about this. What I sought now was the secret, and as I took up the second skull I caught the gleam of metal underneath it. I pat ia my hand and drew oat a buckle of 8This buckle is formed of two pieceB, bound to either end of a thin belt of rotten linen, and united by hook and socket. Its whole dimensions are but 3in. x Un.. but inside its curiously carved border it ib entirely covered, with writing in rude English cha racter. The narrowing funnel of the troagb had kept it from being crashed by the statue, whioh fitted into a rim running round the interior. Beyond the buckle and the two aknletons there was nothing in the trough ; but I looked for nothing else. Here, in my hands, lay the secret of the Great Ruby of Ceylon; my fingers clutched the wealth of princes. My journey had euded, and the riches of the earth were in my grasp. 'Forgetful of my guides, forgetful of tbe flight of time, mindful of nothing but the golden buckle, I sat down by the rim of the trough and began to decipher the writing The inscription, as far aa I could gather, ran right across the clasp. It conld be read easily enough, and contained accurate direc tions for searching in Borne spot, but where that spot was it did not reveal, It might be inan tn the r tattle : and I was abont to Btart np and make the attempt when I thought again of the parchment. Palling it from my Docket, I read : ' 1 ... beneath this stone lies the ecret of the Great Ruby ; and yet not all, for the reBt is graven on the key which shall be already entru-ted to yon. These precautions have I taken that none may surprise this Secret hot its right pos- 86'8Now ' my ' father's will had expressly enjoined, on pain of his dying cur«e, that this key should not be moved froth its place until the Trenoweth who went to seek the treasure should have returned and crossed the threshold of Lantng. Consequently tbe rnby u not bnried on Adam's Peak, or to return for the key wonld have been so much labour wasted. Consequently, also, the golden bnckle was valueless to anybody but him who knew the rest of my father's injunctions. Although not yet in my hand, the Great Ruby was mine. I was folding up the buckle with the parchment before rejoining the guides, vhen a cations thing happened. __ 'The sun had climbed high into heaven whilst I was absorbed in my search, and was now flooding the little lawn with light. In my excitemeut I had heard and seen nothing, not noted that the heat was growing un bearable beneath the vertical wb. Bat as I was folding up the parchment a blank shadow suddenly fell across ihe page. I started and looked np. ' Above uie stood Simon Colliver. ' He was standing in the broad light of the sun and watching me intently, with a curious amiln which grew as our eyes met. How long he had been there I conld not guess, bat the strangeness of meeting him on this spot, and the occupation in which I was snrprised, discomposed me not a little. Hastily thrusting back the buckle and the parchment into my pocket, I scram oled to my feet and stood facing him. Even as I did bo, all Mr. Sanderson's warnings came flashing into my ' For fall a minute we stood confronting each other without a word He was still standing in the fall blaze of the snnlight, with the same odd smile npon his face, aud a peculiar light in his dark eyes that never swerved for a moment. Finally he gave a low laugh and nodding lightly, said— ' " Odd thing oar meeting like this, eh 2 Hand of Face or eoma sucu ihiog might be mixed np in it from the way we run across each «>to«r's path-' ' ' I aa<ented. ' " Qaeer, too, you'll allow, that we Bhould both be strnck with tha fanoy for ascending i this mountain. Very few Europeans do it, 90 I'm told. I'm on my way up, are you 2 Not Coming down and taking things easily, to judge by the way I found you occupied." «... ' Was tha man mocking me ? Or had he, after all, no suspicions 2 His voice was soft sad pleasant as ev«r, nor could I detect a trace of irony in its tone. But I was on my guard. ' " This Peak seems strewn with, the handi- work of the heathen,., he continued. 4 But realiy you seem to be in lack's way. I con gratulate you. What'B this 2 Skeletons; eh 2 Upon my word, Trenoweth. you've unearthed a treasure. And this T A statne 1_ Well, it's a queer pUce to come hunting for statues, but you've pickpd up an ngly-looking beggar in all conscience 1' ; , . , , ' He bad advanced to tha head, which lay in ths ranR uect>ga stanog np in mueuus spite to' heaven. Presently he turned to me and said— 1 " Well, this is very remarkable. The fellow who carved this seems to have bor rowed my features — not very complimentary of him, I must say. " Don't yon sse the like ness 2' ' Ic was solemn truth. Faacure by feature that atrocious faoe was simply a reproduc tion of Colliver'e. As I stared in amazement it seemed more and more marvellous tbat I had not noticed' the resemblance before. True, each feature waa distorted and- exag gerated to produce the ntter malignity of its expression. But the foes was the face of Colliver. Nobody could h»ve_ called him a handsome man, bat before this I had foand Colliver not unpleasant to look upon. Now the hate of the statue's face seemed to have reflected itself npon him I leant against a tree for support, and pasBed my hand across my brow as if to banish a fearful dream. Bat it was no dream, and when he turned to speak again I conld see larking beneath the asBnmed expression of . the man all the evil passions and foal wickedness engraved npon the stone. Well," he remarked, "stranger things than this have happened, bat not much. You seemed distressed, Trenoweth. Surely I, if any one, have the right to be auuoyed. But yon let .yonr antiquarian zaal carry yon too far. It's hardly fair to dig these posr remains from their sepulchre and leave them to bleach beneath this tropical sun, even in the interest of science." ' With this he knelt down and began to gather — vary reverently, aa I thought — the boues into a heap, and rsplace them in their tomb. This done, he kioked up a lump or two of turf from the little lawn and preased it down upoi them, hamming to himself all the. while. Finally he rose aud tnrned again towards ma — 1 " Yoa'll excuse me, Trenoweth. It's sentimental, no donbt, but I have conceived a kind of respect for these remains. Sup pose, for example, this face was really a por trait of one of this buried pair. Why, then the deceased was very like me. I forgive him for caricaturing my features now ; were be alive, it might be different. But this place ia sufficiently out of the way to prevent one resembiuaca being noted by many. By the way, forgot to ask how yon chanced on this spot. F.w my part, I thought tbat I heard something moving in the thicket, bo 1 followed the sound out of pure cariosity, and came npon yon. Well, well ! it's a strange world ; and t's a wonderful thought, too, that this may be She grave of eome primmval ancestor of mine who roamed tbis peak for his daily food— an ancestor of some import ance, too. in his day, to judge by the magni ficence of his tomfi. A post might make Bomethiug oat of thie : to-day face to face with the day before yesterday. Bat that's the beauty of archm-ology. I did not know it was a pursuit of yours, and am glad to see you are sufficiently recovered of yonr illness to take it np again. Good-bye for tbe present. I am obliged to be cautions in taking fare well of yon, for we have Buch a habit of meeting nnexp?ctedly. So, as I_ have to be np and moviag for the summit, I'll Bay 1 Good-be lor the present. We may as well leave this image where it is ; the dead won't mise it, and it's handy by, at any rate. Addio, Trenoweth, and the best of lack to your fntnre researches." ' He was gone. I conld hear him singing aB he went a strange song which he had often gang on the ontward voyage- Slug be.< ! for the dead man's Uds, my lads Slmr bo 1 (or the dead mairb soul. At his red, red lips ' The Bong died away in the distance before I moved. I bad hardly opened my lipe daring tbe interview, and now had much ado to believe it a reality. But the newly-turfed grave was voucher enough for this. A horror of the place seized me ; I caBt one Bhndder- ing look at the giant face and rushed from the Bpoc, leaving tbe silent creepers to veil once more that awful likeness from the eyeB of day. ' Ae I emerged upon the track again I came uponPeterand Paul, who were seeking me high Aod low, with dismay written npon their faces. Excusing my abBence as best I could, I declared myself ready, in spite of my ankle, to make ail haste in the descent. Of oar journey down the Peak I need say little, except tbat, lame as I was, I surprised aud exhausted my guides in my hurry. Of the dangers and difficulties which bad embar rassed our asoent I seemed to feel nothiog. Except in the cool of the forest, the heat was almost insufferable ; but I wonld hear of no delay until we reached Ratnapoora. Here, instead. of returning as we had come, we took a boat down tha Kato-gaoga river to C»ttura, and thence travelled along the coast by Pan- tnra to Colombo. ' The objeot of my journey .is now accom plished ; aud it only remains to hasten bome with all speed. Bnt I am feeling Btrangaly unwell as I write tbis. My head has never (ally recovered that blow at Bombay, and I think the hours daring which I remained ex posed to the son's rays, by the side of that awfnl image, must have affected it. Or perhaps tbe fatigne of tbe jonrney has worn me out. If I am going to Bicken I mast hide my secret. It wonld be safer to bnry it with the Journal, at any rate for the time, some where in the garden here. I have a tin box that will just answer the purpose. My head is giving me agony. I can write no more.' CHAPTER X. contains the third and last part of my father's journal setting forth the mutiny on board the belle fortune. June 19— Strange that wherever lam hospitably entertained 1 recompense my host by falling ill in his house. Since my laet entry in this journal I have been _ living at the gate of death, smitten down with a sore sickness. It seems that the longexposnre and weariness of my journey to_ the Peak threw me into a fever ; out of this I ahonld soon have recovered, were it not for my head, which I fear wi>I never be wholly rigtit again. That oowardly blow npon Malabar Hill has made a sad wreck of me ; twice, when I seemed in a fair way to recovery, haB my mind entirely given way. _ Mr. Eversleigh indeed assures me that my life has more than once been despaired of — and thea what wonld have beoome of poor Margery 2 1 hope I am thankful to God for eo mercifully sparing my poor life, the more bo because conscious how nu worthy I am to appear before Him. ' I truBt I did not betrav my secret in my wanderings. Mr. Everaleigh tells me I talked the strangest stuff at times — about rabies and skeletons, and a certain dreadful face from which I was straggling to escape. Bnt the security of my journal aud the golden clasp, which I recovered to-day, somewhat reassured me. I am allowed to walk in the garden for a short space every day, bnt not until to-day have I fonnd strength to dig for my board. I can hardly describe my emotions on finding it safe and sound. ' Poor Margery 1 How anxiona she mast be getting at my silence. I _ will write her to-morrow — at least I will begin my letter to morrow. for I shall not have strength to finish it in one day. Even now I ought not to be writing, bnt I cannot forbear making an entry in my reoo"?red journal, if only to record my thankfulness to Heaven for my great deliverance. ' Jane 22.— I have written to Margery, bnt torn the letter up on second thoughts, aa I nad better wait until I hear newB of a vessel in which I can safely travel home. Mr. Eversleigh. who is very kind to me, though not so hearty aa Mr. Sanderson, will not hear of my 8-arting in my present condition. I wonder in what part of the world Oolliver ia travelling now. .... ou ,1 ' July 1. — Oh, this weary waiting ! Shall I never see the shores of England again 2 The doctor Bays that I only make myself worse by fretting ; but it is hard to linger so when at my journey's end lies wealth almost beyond the imagination, and, what is far more to me, the sight of my dear onea. 'July 4 — In answer to my entreaties, Mr. Eversleigh has consented to make inquiries about the homeward-bound vessels atartiug from Colombo. The result is that he nas at once allayed my impatience, and compassed biB end of keeping me a little longer, by selecting— npon condition that I approve hiB Choice an East Indiaman dne to sail in about a fortnight's time. The name of the ship is the Balla Fortune, and ot thecajtam, fisrns Holding. In Bpite of the name the ship is English, and ia a barque of abont 600 tons regiBter. Her cargo consists of sugar and coffee, and her crew numbers some eighteen hands. To- morrow I am going down with Mr. EverBleigh to inspect her but I am prepared beforehand to find her to my liking. The only pity is that she does not start earlier. , . . , July 6.— Weak as am, even yesterday 0 ;short excursion exhausted me, bo that I felt nnable to write a word last night I have nv«r the Belle Fortune, and am more than pleased, especially with her captain, whose honest face took my fanoy at once. I have a most comfortable cabin next to his Bet apart for me, at little cost, since it had been fitted up for a lady on the outward voyage; ao that I shall afcitt have a little money in pocket on.my return, as my living, both here and at Bombay, has cost nothing, and the doctor's billa have-not exhausted my store. I wrote again to Margery today, making as iiguo of my illness as I could, aud saying nothing of the business on Malabar Hill. That will best he told her when she haa me home again, and can hold my hand feeling that I am secure. 1 July 8 —I have been down to-day to Bee the Belle Fortune. I forgot to Bay she belonged to Messrs.' Yiocent and Haxt. of Bristol, and ia boand for that port. The only other passengers are a Dr. Concanen and hia wife, who are acquaintances of Mr, Erera- leigh. Dr. Concanen is a physician with a good practice in Colombo, or waa, aa his wife's delicate health haa forced him to throw np his employment here and return to England. Mr. Evarsleigh introduced me to them this raorniug on the Be'le Fortune. The husban 1 ie almost as tall as my host, and looks a man of great strength. Mro. Concanen is frail and worn, bnt very lovely. To-day she seemed so ill that I offered to give np my cabin, which ia really much more com fortable than theirs. Bat she would not hear of it, insisting that I was by far the greater invalid, and that a Bailing vessel wonld quickly aet her right again, especially a vessel nonnd for England. Altogether they promise to be moBt pleasant companions. I forgot to say that Mrs. Ooncan9n is taking a native maid home to act aa her nurse. 'July 11. — We start in a week's time. 1 bad a ioug talk with Captain Holding to day ; he hopes to make a fairly quick passage, but Bays that he is short of bands. I have not seen the Concensus since. ' July IC. — We sail to-morrow afternoon. I have been dowa to make my final arrange ments, and find my cabin much to my liking. Captain Holding is still short of hands. ' July 17, 7.30 p.m. — We caab off our warps shortly after 4 o'clock, and were qaickly running homeward at about seven knots an hoar. The Concanens stood on deck with me watching Ceylon grow dtui uu the horizon. As th9 proud cone of Adam's Peak fadad softly ana slowly into the evening's uiiat, and so vanished, aa I hope, for ever on: of my life, I could not forbear returning thanks to Providence, which has thus fa watched over me so wonderfully. There is a fair breeze, and the hands, though aburt, do their work well to all appearance. There were only fifteen yea'erdaF, three having b-eu missed for about a week before we sailed, but 1 have not yet aeeu Captain Holding to ask him if he made up his number of hands at the last moment. Mrs. Coucauen has invited me to their cabin to have a chat about England. ' July 18. — I am more disturbed than I care to own by a very curious discovery which I made tbis morning. As I issued on deck I saw a man standing by tbe forecastle, whose back seemed familiar te me. Preseotiy he tnroed, and I saw him to be Simon Colliver, He has most strangely altered his appearance, being dreBsed no waa a common aailor, and wearing rings in hia ears, aB tbe custom is. Catching sight of me he came forward with a pleasant smile and explained himself. ' " It ib no manner of ubb, Trenoweth ; we're fated to m-.et. You did not expect to Bee me here in this get up ; but I learnt laBt night tbat you were on board. You look as though vou had seen a ghost. Don't stare so, man— I should Bay ' air' now, 1 suppose — it s only another of fortune's rubB. 1 fell ill after that journey to the Peak, and althongh Railton nuraed me like a woman — he's a good fellow, and not as rough as yon would expect — I woke up out of my fever to find all the money gone. I'm a fellow of resource, Trenoweth, so I hit on the idea of working my passage home ; by good Inck I found the Belle Fortune was short of hands, offered my BerviceB, was accepted — having been to sea before, you know— sold my old clothes for this costume — must dress when one is actiug a part — and here I am." ' " Ia Railcon with you!'' I aBked. ' " Oh, yeB ; similarly attired. I did not see you yesterday, being bnsy wi'b the cargo, bo that it's all the more pleasant to meet here. Bat work is the order of the day now. You'll give me a good character to the captain, won't you 2 Good-bye for tbe present.' ' I cannot tell how much this meeting has depressed me. Certainly I have no reason for disbelieving the man's story, but the frequency and strangeness of our meetings make it hard to believe them altogether accidental. I saw Railton in the afternoon ; he is gre »tly altered for the worse, and, I should think, had been drinking heavily before he shipped ; bnt the captain waa avidentlv too short of hands to be particular. I think I will sive the Cot-.canene my tin box to hide iu their cabin. Of c mrse. I can truBt them,' and this will bailie theft ; the clasp I will wear ab >ut me. This is a happy idea. I will go to their cabin and ask them. It is half-past 9 p m., and the wind still fair, I believe. ' July 20 —We have so far kept np an averagelspeed of aeven knots and a half an boar, and Captain Holding thinks we shall 'even make better sailing when the handB are more accustomed to their work. 1 spend my time mostly with tbe Concanens, who readily, by the way, undertook the care of my tin box, and find them the most agreeable of fellow-travellers. Mrs. Concanen has a very sweet voice, and her husband has learnt to accompany it on ths guitar, so that altogether we spend very pleasant evenings. (to be continued.) 