YUROKA; OR, SAXON AND SAVAGE." Br FOSTEB OSBORNE Author op Cowabee. PART II Chaptbr XL 'T,vss merry tho blackwoDds when wo spred tho station roofs. To wheel iho wild scrub cnttlo &t; tbo yard. With a rannlnc fire of stock whips and a fiery run of hnofs Oh 1 The hardest dsr was norer then too hard 1 — Got don. Not tho least pleasant moments of a bush- man's life nro those of the early morning, when he rides forth to his day's work with the fresh- ness and the vigor of tho hour stirring his pulses and gladdening his heart. Thoro is an unspeakahlo, exclusive joy born in tho solitary wilds — a joy which city pleasures cannot vie with — a huge immeasurable delight which all men foel, yot the vastnoss and tho compass of it staggers the speech of poets. There are soulless ones, who by tho lonely waters in still places pipe tho dull monotony of a sojourn in the wildorncss, bat there are delectable gems for those who seek them ont there, where the wild oak sighs away her grieving years, and tho grave old gnms in their everlasting slumber dream voiceless dreams. The bnshman's ears need not to thirst for gaudy operas or orches tral triumphs ; they drink for over of Nature's dulcet strains, the thousand woodland ditties, the mountain choruses and the many voiced Elija swells — this last of rain a certain prophet, so bo it sweeps tho mountain range at dead of night. Ten minntes of smart riding brought Leo onre more at tbo head of bis party, and after a further ride of 10 miles across mountains which echoed with the cbatterings and twitterings of tho feathered tribes, gullies redolent with fresh moist odors and level pasture lands whereon tho dews of night still lingered, they entered the bullock paddock at its eastern end. This paddock contained an area of something over 20,000 acres, being abont 9 miles in longth and 4 in width, so that Leo's six men with himself distributed at intervals of say half a railo would form a lino roaching across the width of it. His plan of operation was thus to distribute his men, giving each instructions to drive all tho cattle thoy found towards tho west cud of the run, at which and a general meet wohld'tako place in tho evening. At first glance this plan may seem faulty, in that by starting at the eastern end and driving the scattered cattlo westward, they would bo work ing away from instead of towards the homestead, whither it wus intended to take tho herd on tho following day ; but Leo's experionco had taught him that, though by reversing the direction of tho muster a diBtanco of 9 miles would-be saved on tho morrow, this advantage would be more than counterbalanced by the inconvenienco of having to camp the beasts for the night in rough and mountainous country, instead of on an open plain, as ho at present intended to do. Taking a central position in tho lino of horsemen, Leo waitod sufficient timo to allow tho ridors at tho oxtremo end of the lino to take their places, then he cracked his heavy whip throo times, tho thundering echoes vibrating miles on oithor side of him being the signal to advance, and so tho muster com menced. At largo on such an nroa of country, it may easily bo understood that the cnttlo were not of tho mildest description, and oach of tho musfercrs had his troubles nnd stoppages, in the way of turning such uoruly boasts as refased to ho driven in the desired direction — it is proverbial amoag station hands that sheep and cattlo are horn with porvorso inclinations, which induce them to go in nny dircctiou but tho right — hut those hindrances did not in terfere with, or demoraliso to any great oxlont, the lino formed across tho paddock, because tho loud reports and shouts acquainted oach man with the whereabouts of his companions, and if ono of them, guided by his oars, found bun-, self falling behind or pushing in advanco of the rest, ho quickly regained his proper position. It was very necessary too that somothing like order should bo observed in tho advauco, other wise the cattlo sent careering wostward betore tho whip of ono ridor might bo diverted from thoir course on hearing tho whip or shout of a too forward horseman, and doubling back escape to tho rear of the mastcrcrs. During tho first hour of tho slow advance ment, Leo picked up two or three small lots of bullocks aggregating in number about 100, and these ho had disposed of by heading thom towards tho sunsot, and soading them forward at a smart trot. Ho hod just returned to tho summit of a range, after ousting the last of theso lots from tho bottom of au awkward gully, when hearing tho whip and voice of his loft hand man approaching his line of inarch with nnusual noiso, and surmising that ono of the Quins was being hard pushed by an ugly customer, ho drew rein, and waitod to render as sistance in turning the unruly boast or beasts as the caso might bo. Ho had not long to wait. Out of sight, on tho furthor sido of tho range, which, with tho ono ho himself was on, formed tho abovomcntioned gully, Loo heard iho Btnosliiog, crashing and thunder of hoofa, which told of a number of cattlo tearing through the scrub at a fast pace. Another minute, and thou appoarod Fat Quin at the top of tho opposite ridge, turnod half round in his saddle, going like the wind, and plying with diligence the extremity of his whip upon tho nose and forehead of a huge bull, which he was vainly endeavoring to turn westward, and which was followed by a mob of about 30 Steers. " Wo-ah! Wup — wupl Whoo-hur-r-roo 1 Turn yo divil, turn ; or I'll cut tho fate nT yo I" Crack I crack I bang! With head down, his face wincing under the stinging lash, the great dark brute forced his poudorous shoulders Published by >peda< arraugumeuui wltu the author All rights rewi vei through tho brushwood, and having his ho, id set northward refused to turn in the direction required. With a volloy of oaths tho hors9man came down tho gully at tho hoad of tho dashing mob ; then up tho nscont to whoro Leo stood, and the latter adding his efforts to those of Pat, Oyster .No. VL — for it was this beast — was, by dint of a double allowanco of groeo- hido persuasion, induced to take a wosterly course carrying with him Pat's choicest bless ings and a score or two of whelk9 upon his skin, AU tho day through whips and lungs kept up an incessant clamor of intermingled slionts and cracks, and at about 5 o'clock in tho ovon- ing the mustcrcrs reached tho outskirts of the plain, which formed tho western oxtremity of tho paddock. Leo was the last of tho horsemen to descond from the ranges to tho level lowlands, and as ho rodo across the summit of tho last spur, lookiug down upon tho prospect beneath, ho beheld a truly rural sccno. The broad, open reach extending to tho flushing horizon was bathod in mellow ovoniog glories, whilst bo- tween him and the fonco that cut. the plain about a mile off were scattered some 1500 head of bullocks, tho quietest of thom browsii g con tentedly, others of wildor disposition shifting uneasily from spot to spot, and looking hack timidly to sight tho horsoman they knew to bo approaching through tho timbor screenod ranges. At a givou signal the mustcrcrs advanced upon tho plain, and closing upon the cattlo from various points, brought thom in a compact mob ngaiust the fence. Then tho whole herd was driven along tho said feneo into tho corner of tho paddock, where tlioy wero to bo campod for tbo night, aud where several clumps of dry yarran timber would provide fuol for tho necossary fires. It was not without tronblo that this drive was accomplished, and tbo riders were kept going on tho flanks of the herd in order to prevent a break '.however, onco in tho corner tho cattle were fenced in on two sides, and despatching two of tho men to light a row of fires in the form of a segment of a circle across tho unfenced portion, Loo with tho re maining four rode a sort of patrol before tho mob, striving to get them settled down. It was fully twilight before tbo camp fires wero lighted, and the uneasy brutes toned down to something liko 'restfuliicss. A lino of fires at night is very effective in blocking cattle, but it is necessary -as an additional safeguard to have watchers on patrol all through the night. Theso watr.hors walking between tho fires have to turn bock any beasts which are courageous enough to pass near tho flameB ; tbey must turn them Dy hook or by crook, for if one ani mal makes a break from the camp, tho conse quence iB sure to bo a gonoral stampede, and that in all probability means tho loss of such labor as has been expended in getting them together. Tho wilder cattle arc, tho bottor they will often camp whon once quieted down aud the fires kept up, for a timid beast wiil sometimes pass the wholo night without moving a muscle, its eyes fixed wonderiogly upon tho unusual glare of burning wood. At about 8 o' clock, Leo, obsorviog that not an animal was ou the move, placed two mou on watch, ono on oach wing, whilst he, with tho others, retired to tho central fire to prepare a hasty meal, nnd to hobblo tho horses out on grass. The cooking performance which ensued was not of a very elaborate caste ; cold eatables andjtoa being the order. Each man filled with hot water his quart pot, and placing ic on tho fire, stretched upon his "bluey " (blanket) with his head upon his saddle, waiting for it to boiL Little simmering bubblos first frisk about tho insido of tho quart pot, and then tho pure liquid becomes violently agitated, making frantic endeavors to loop - beyond the motal walls ; lift tho pot off, and as soon as a degrco of composure ohtains within, inject a small handful of tea ; hold over tho fire again until tho simmer rocoinmeocos, but withdraw before a relapse to convulsions ; a few moments on tho ground within a foot of tho burning coals, and then drink as good a panican of tea as you could wish for. Leo and his party mado a hoarty meal — all of them cxcopt Jack. Tho latter, albeit lie drank two pints of tea, took nothing to eat, aud alto gether showed such signs of relax from his usual hearty spirit as to attract the attention of his master. "Come, Jack, this is not uko yon at allj; you are generally good for half a loaf, and a leg of mutton what's put vou off vonr oats, eh ?" "Wnl, Mr. Leo, l ntnt easuy pnt on my grab, but somehow I don't care for none this hovooin'." It takes something out of tho common to spoil tho appetite of a stockrider, and Jack's long body bore tho reputation of being ablo to conceal a prodigous amount of beef and dampor, nnd tho present was an uuprccedontad instance of mental influence interfering with tbo pro clivities of his stomach. " Vou do.seein oat of sorts, Jack said Loo, " I liopo you have not hurt yoursolf in thoso gullies to-day." "Hurt I Mo hurt! No foar o' that I Tho fact is I alters foel sortor lonesorao like, wliou- over I sot oyes on that myal clump, youdor. I gets n sorter knock ovor wheuovor I comas to this 'ore end o' the run. It's n longtime ago now since it 'appened, but I can't got over it, an blow me if I can eat my tucker to-night," - ." I know what you moan, Jack ; I had for gotten poor Ward's death, By tho way, you wore witli him' at tho time, wero yon not ?" "I wuz with 'iml" "I have novor hoard tho particulars of that affair, Jack ; will you tell mo how it hap pened ?" Truth to tell, tlio long stockrider was look ing very much depressed ; bat ho jerkod tho ashes out of his pipe, spat bo r oral times at a stuinp 10 foot. distant, aud thon commenced tho following story — which story, it may bo as well to stato, was trao without exag geration; tho accidont roforrcd to happened to nn acquaintance of the writer's, " Yarsa." Mr. Loo, I'll tell you how it hap pened. As you know very well Mr. Ward used to own Goonainbool, which lios right ovor that liox treo yondor, about 4 miles. from bero ; and not mcaoin' any harm to Mr. Mayno us owns it now, Goonainbool will never bavo another such a boss as Mr. Ward wuz. lie was a fino'opou 'nftfld gentleman, and the bost rough rider I believo as over cotno to theso 'ore parts, though ho used alien to hold ns I wuz biz equal. Ho would mount. anything as lied legs, and I never soo tho buss ns could bost him with buckjumping or any sort o' vie®, Ho wuz mortal fond of runuin' warrigals (wild horses), too, and many's tho time ho got Mr. Morton to send mo along with him to do a chase in thom there hills. 'There used to bo a mob of a hundred wild mickios ruiinin' on this very plain. — there was no fences, nor nothink here then - nnd Mr. Wnrd and me, wo ran down nil that mob barrin' two— a black stallion, tremendous fast ho wuz, and a piebald thing ns allors got away from us, though ho warn't much to look at neither. Mr. Ward ho tried for these two many a time, but they allers givo 'im tho slip in tho mountains, so one day ho comos over to Wyalong, and says he, ' Jack, we're in for n linnt to-day ;' s.iys ho, ' I got leaf of Mr, Morton an' you an' I is goiu' to hov them two SDortora out back, so got tho bost hoss you can lay your bauds on, and como away ; we'll givo 'cm a twist to-day or I'm a Dutchman 1' " Well, Mr. Leo, abont two hours aftor that wo comos, tho two on us, over them hills, and on to tho plain abont live miles south o' horo where we're sittiu', and as luck would havo it; tho two tnickies wuz foedin' right afore us. Wo hadn't timo to arrnngo no plans, 'canso tho wild 'nns saw ns as soon as wo soo them, a-id boistin' up thoir heads and tails, they makes for tho mountains straight. Just as wo went for them properly, they separated, the piebald turning to the plain, tho black stallion still koepiu' for tho high country. Mr. Ward was leadin' me by a couple o' lonths nt this time, an' turnin' in his saddle ho shouts out : 'I'll go for tho black 'un, Jack : meet at Goon- amhool 1' "I had just time to answero : Right you naro 1' when away we goes at a swoepin' pace, him to tho right, mo to' tho left, and soou lost sight of each other. ' ' My piobald, as I said before, warn't much to look at, but by jingo 1 ho wuz a devil to travel ; and ho must hov bin as 'ard as nails, 'cause he took mo a drag of fiftcon miles round an' across tho country, afore he camo to that bit o' a creek on tho plain, not two hundred yards from where we're sittin' this very minute. Ho comes to earth in tho bed o' that crcok, and whou I comes up, ho was lyin' as dood as a rock ; lie soemcd to 'a' pushed hisself to that oxtont in tho run, that the snddint shoes o' tho gully burst his 'art, and ho diod on tho spot. " My hack wuz puffin' hcav-, and I began awalkin' ov 'im up an' down, to cool 'im like, aud whou I'd bin doin' this a quarter o' a hour or so, I hears a crash au' clatter, aud lookin' up I soon Mr. Ward comiu' holl- for-lcather over that ridge o' rooks right at tho top o' that rango over there. He wuz goiu' a terrible hat with the black stallion only a lonth afore 'im, aa' 'im creepin' on to his quarter every stride. When they left the rocks, they camo over that open patch on the brow o' tho hill, aud mado straight towards that small clump of dead rn-yal on tho edgo o' the plain. At about one hundred yards from the myals tho horses were goiu' neck- and-neck, stride for stride, thoir flanks and shoulders rubbing. I nover see such a splendid sight in my life i It was roal pretty, an' no mistake ; and whon I sees Mr. Ward a leanin' over an' slippin' his whip on tho warrigal'o neck, I gets that excitod as I wuz all ov a tremble, and though I knowd he couldn't hear mo, I shouts out." " Well done, Mr. Ward. Well done 1" " That's tho way they wnz, when I gots the lastglimpso o' them goin' inter the myal clump; aud my God 1 — I wisht I'd gone etono blind, afore I seen what 1 did when thov como out o' it, " Tho warrtgat comes out first goin strong os ever, and tho minnta I soo as Mr. Ward warn't with 'im, I knowed somethin' wnz up. I started off as 'ard as I could travol, but nforo I got fur, I sees tho white horso comin' towards mo at a gallop, his master on his buck, but his face wero as whito as a ghost and his lips all screwed up with pain, yet his teeth wuz Bet firm and clinched dosperato together. I went sick liko when I sot eyes on 'itn. Tho reins wore hangin' loosely on his arm, and ho seemed, from where I stood, to bo carryiu' a long myal stake pointed towards his horso's cars. All at onct a horrible idoa flashed upon me, and I dashes up to his side ; good Gad, yes I the stako was claan through b>6 body. I tried to stop his hoss, hopin' to be able to do somethin', but he gasps out : ' Lot. him go jack ; I'm off. for homo ; no more huntin' for me, old follow. I know it's a case this time but I'd like for to got homo if I could.' "I see no wuz spurrtn ma noos, ana gutdin' 'im towards Goonainbool, so I just trios to kcop up withjhim, but in the four miles' gallop I lost closo upon 20 lonths. That wuz a rido 1 I'll nover forget it, an' Mr. Ward jumped two throe-rail log foncos nforo be reached bis houso a lioldiu' that stako in bis hands all the way. " Whoa ho reached tho yard goto ho jumps off, but he was too weak to stand. I conies up then, nnd says I : ' Mr. Ward,' says I, ' shall I pull it out ?' 'You may as well,' says ho, 'just as well end it at once.'' " He wuz right ; for the minute tho cook aud I freed tho stako, ho gavo a deop, gasping sigh, and died." There is no romance — no glamor, which can rend to narrative ao keen an effect as tho twilight of tho night watch fire. Had I a comic yarn with a reputation to win for itself I would "spin" It aftor "tucker," whon the tobacco burns, and Bill Smith has just com pleted "tho song ..f thoMurrumbidgcowhalor;" or u-tnaching little story to tell I had rather launch it forth to struggle for fame, under the unbroken sky bosidc tho Camp firo, whil-t tho pino knots flicker, and tho curlow aud the uudconed dogs blond tboir wails of woo Id. glcomy rivalry, and the sour facod raaw-pawk with its brothor owl-evod huutors of the night fill all the daikness with their dolesomo croaks and caws of desolation Jack's story — by no means wanling.ln thrill ing solomnity — carried with it that additional prestigo always born of facts. It was told by d tnau unner tho influence of strong omotion, in tho silent, and shadowy night, whon tbo oye could dimly figure through the growing darkness tho fatal clump of myals, tho wild dog's weirdly lamentations rising at the moment from tho shaggy distance veiled upland ; and it iB not surprising that tho listeners, from the grizzly suudried stockmen to the fair- haired young Saxou, wero solemnly affected. Tho latter, however, did not allow his mind to becomo so far engrossed by the themes thus furnished as to forget tho husiuess in hand. The two won ou patrol bad to be relieved, so that tliey might have their meal, aud the watches had to bo arranged for tbo night ; so addressing Jack, Lee unfolded his plans tu tbo following words. " Wo shall make two Welches of it, Jack f', "Ynrss, sir." " Tho cattlo seem to have softlcd down completely in tho darkness, and there is danger of their attempting a break, or bccom mg troublesome until the moon gets ud ww time does it riso to-night?" ' " Just 12 o'clock, ns nigh as possihlo,1' " Well thon, as there is no danger of them shifting while it is dark suppose yon and Allele tako the first watch until moonriso, tliou thera will be five of us fresh and ready for the worst watch." ' " I bolievo yon hcv it right about them cattlo Mr, Leo ; thoro wornt. bo a hoof ov 'em stirred atwixt this an' moonlight, but thoro'U bo a darned rumpin as soon as tho old 'ooinan peeps up, as sure as eggs is eggs. I knows them beauties well ; they're in their own pad. dock, and I'll stake my davey on it, onco ever there's a bit o' light and thoy sets their cyos on the mountains yon'or, they'll go for 'em it they ken. I kon manage the first watch myself if you will lot the rost got under bluey ; then wo'll. bo all on tho go whon tho fuss bogius 'canso I aint goin' to bed to-niglitj I can't sleep, so what's tho use ?" " Very well, Jack, wo'll havo it your way but mind you call all hands somotime before twolvc." " Right you aarc sir 1 stretch yourselves over by tho fence, so that if tliey should mako a plunge thoy wont cotno ovor tho top o' ycr." Carrying their blankets and saddles to the adjacent fenco tho six men stretched them- selves beside a largo 1 >g firo, with their lioads pillowed on tho soft lining of their saddles, They sooo foil asleep, leaving the cattlo to the watchfnl care of Jack. It was sometime near midnight that Lso became conscious of a violent agitation as though an earthquake wero embracing him, and waking up with a display of alarm commensu. rate with such an appalling catastrophe he was reassured by Jack in the following terms : — " Tho-moon'll bo up in nrf a hour, Mr. Leo' I called ycr a couplo o' times, but seciu' as yon wuz pretty deop down, I reckoned to give you a bit o' a shako, sir." Now Jack bad a paw which would shame a grizzly bear, and tho inBido of that paw was protected by a thick, horny skin, through which feeling declined to bo a sense under any inducement less than say, 50 lb, pressure, so that what he naturally regarded as a " bit o' a shako" might menu considerable inconveni ence to tho object of his gentle manipulation. In course of five minutes ovory man was up and at his post in tho strong watch, which was now to bo kept up. Aa Leo took his place near tho centre fire ho could seo looming through tho darkness the great bavino mass standing motionless at about 40 paces off. Thea a ;pale amber light rose on the .easfora sky, growing brighter every minute, nnd, finally, as a cresent moon glided up into full view, he could plainly discern the long lino of dark, up lifted heads, tho eyes fixod wonderingly upon the fires, and tho tilted horns glistening liko a sea of bayonota in tho moonlight For an hour or more tho mob preserved this quiet attitude in front, aud Leo would have begun tc doubt Jack's infallibility as a prognosticate of boviue proclivitios but that he fancied there was an unoasy wavering away in tho far corner at the rear of the dark mass — a spreading motion, as though some one of tho beasts were walking slowly through the rest. He could not be sure, but it soetned to him that this waTo of uneasiness was shifting towards the front over on the right wing. Jack, wlie happened to be tho nearest watcher to Leo en tho left, approached at this moment. " I've a fancy as there's" somethin' stirrie' over on tho right, sir; don't- you think at Aleck and Jim had better got' tho horses up, and saddlo. 'ein in caso of a break ?" " I havo been thinking myself that thcro ii a discontented beast over there, but I Bbould liko tho horses to got as much grass as possibls; there's no danger of a break until the mob cum- moncos to ring, but if they should start ringing send for tho horses nt on?o,- for now that (lie moon is properly up I think that oven if they do got away from the camp we might keep them together till morning." "I dare say wo could ; wo'vo dono tho like! afore." Any doubts which remained as to the dis turbance on the right were speedily sat at red for tho moment. Tho voico of Pat Quia rang out loud and strong: — " Whoop-wup- woah 1 Oh yo devil, ill yersolf so it is 1 Tako that yo rushin' spal peen I" Thcro was a dull tlmd, as iho stick hurled 1/ Fat struck the nose of the offoudiug beast, aal as a hugodHrk object camo trotting and lurching along in front of tho now restless lino of harm tho stockrider's voico was heard again. " Look ont boyant thoro. It's tho oyslhert in it, wid tho oyes ov 'em shinin' all as one al forty dtvils, or a mad dog's, maybo ; by mi sowl yez ; an' the whold mob do be comin afther 'itn asuortiu' loikc Mutes 1 The boiloa's ringing I Bcgorra ; what a polecthi there'll he in a minyut I " Pat's vociferation was not needed to convincl Leo that trouble was ahead, for already the enormous bull was blnndering along between him end tho mob, euticing tho others after him, and tho whole herd was fast becoming thrown into that state of ntter confusion — rushing round and round, which, in stockman I vornacular, is termed ".ringing." . Two rati were despatched for the hor os, and by tho tints those had beoa saddled and distributed amongd their ridors tho' mass of now fully rousel; cattlo was jostling and huBtling each other in; high excitoinent. Hound and roU'nd they went like a hugo rough whirlpool, lowing : "spitting" ominously ; and, tho outer pressuri being stronger than the inuer, the mob nil > forced towards the extroino corner, whore, being jaininod against tho fence, and unsblo to continue their revolving motion, thoy stood (of a moment huddled in wild confusion. Finding retreat impossible owing to tlio compact nun , in thoir roar, tho foremoBt beasts turaol threateningly, and faced the lino of stockmMi j whilst tlio ill-tomperod bull advancod like 1 defiant - champion a little in advance of tj>' , rost With head down, eyes gloaming h" ! molten balls, tongue protruding, and pounding , his flunks with earth scraped up by hie l" feet, Oyster VL challenged tho ridere with | savage roar. . j Wo road of tho savago fury of the Afrits' | lion, the ferocity of the Boiigol tiger, and IM defiant strength of a Mexican buffalo ; but, fej | a picture of savage determination and uucbainej wrath, paint mo a wild bull at bay, lishing h 6iduB with his tail, aud rolling his viuJicti' little oyes, as with forohoad to tho ground W churgea upon tho obicct of his wrath. By Jingo 1" cried Jack, from a distance ; ho don't look much nasty, do he, Mr. Leo ? I'd jnst like to havo tho boggar by himself on a patch o' open gronnd ; if I wouldn t give him iarro — je-osopliat, there ho goes 1 Look out sir ; ho moans biznoss. " And sure enough, at this moment tho huge beast shot forward in a lumbering but speedy charge, with his pon- derous head and giant shoulders set straight for Demon and his ridor. For a single moment Leo stood motionless in the line of the bovino charge ; ho was i nntle- cidod as to whether or not ho sbuia still endeavor to defend the line of watch ; but a glance at the other cattle d.sclosed to him tbat the whole herd was stringing off on 'ho bull s lead— a genornl stampede of tho beasts wa6 unavoidable, and woe betide tho man or horse that paused in their track, The only thing for it now was to endeavor to keep the flying ani mal together until they had had their burst and, accepting the inevitable, Loo determined ,to keep at the head of the stampede, knowing u well that his men would drop into thoir proper places, just as naturally as trained soldiers. '! Away ho went, Oyster No. VI. close at his heels, so close in fact, that he sustained ccn- siderablo agony in consequonco - of tho solo \ which was being played upon his countenance . by Leo's 16 feet gnlly raker, " By tho time tho camping ground had been >' left a mile in the rear, the flight had assumed :'j tho form of a thorough, determined stampede, 'if- and truly, to an unaccustomod vision tho sight :'i was ono well worth seeing. Two miles in length irom leaders to tailors ; in width 1 mile from ; wing to wing, the clumsy ma6s poured like an :/ ungovernable torrent through the yielding brushwood; now topping rocky ridges, where "A the moonbeams glistened on their polished horns; now swallowed in the depths of tangled, 4 shadow shrouded gullies ;— a heaving, lurch- . iug( living avalanche. Loud was the clamor, and utter the confusion, which broke upon the Hi nsnally silent hours of early morning ; stock- riders shouted, whips cracked, hoofs thundered, i and timbers crashed ; tho hollow gullies and tho brittle echoes of tho rock bound heights -1 increased tho tumult by a flood of clashing sound ; the prowling dingo, 6cared and abashed, ,-;V with drooping tail, slnnk into his ?f den, and all the foathered night haunters T— unholy things— with staring_ plumage and u- spasmodic croaks, flapped to their mnsty covers .'Tin secret places. Onward; at cither flank of them a horseman guarding against a scatter, at f the rear two more whipping up the lazy, lame, A S and loiterers of all description, and, right away yonder at the head of them, where the AS black wave scaled the highest of the frowning ranges, tho rancorous bull still at his heels, his Ail- Sack steed cleaving tho air wtth sweeping A' strides, there sped tho fair-haired Saxon. Leo is? was crossing a broken spur at furious speed, v.3: rein-hand low, whip-hand high, and poised Tmlf nrnnnd in bis saddle as with unerring skill ho plied the supple thong to tho broad and .Jfshaggy head behind him. His chestnut locks Ail streamed out upon the air ; long since the v v treacherous branches had robbed him of his hat, Sand torn his coat to ribbons. If he should be Athrown 1 If his horse should make a fault i ;Snnd fall 1— what a fate ; to lie in the course of ;.-1:thoso cruel hoofs ; to be trampled, crushed — ' -Shall 1 if ho could only turn that bull. Is thero ;?a special god of pluck, whoso avocation it is, to \--protect the fearnoughts in those fights of o'devilry some bushmcn rido a dozen times a ay car? . io The youthful 6ona of India, Africa, and r'TAmoricn, when they find themselves imbued 4\. -with warlike spirits, and a thirst for the 'heroic, follow in the footsteps of their warrior -'.fathers, go forth into the plains and jungle. ; kand slnv the buffalo on his beat or tho lion in . f-ihis den. But Australia's 6ons, not less horoes 'i'and sportsmen, bnt lacking opportunities for ii penlous encounters are forced to satisfy thom- \- tVsclves with books : they read overdrawn des- '"criDtions of " an oncounter with a lion," "tho '. 'death of a man-eater," and deeds of daring done iiin every land bnt their own, and they long for "tho climes of hair-breadth cscapos — they sigh "for tho lands in the distance, whero every . iVcrovico conceals a deadly something, and where . "'existence itself is contingent to tho precaution "- of carrying two repeaters, and the developed ' faculty of being able to shoot with both eyes at "ifc'onco. True, wo havo not tigers, we have not A elephants from tbo hacks of which to shoot p them, nor havo wo devoted slaves to thrust their r.jmkcd bodies between tho blood-thirsty man- -Venters and onr still mare blood-thirsty selves ; . " jot, who can look at Leo's present task — ' ' Undertaken and performed with all tho indif- Mifcronco and unconcern of an every day affair — ' rind fail to acknowledge that oven in Australia -rjlicro are ccrtuin contingencies which demand ""the exerciso of cool courage, and which provido v. advcnturo sufficiently perilous to prove tho \- 'pluck and stamina of tho most intrepid, sf Nnturo soon bogan to toll, and by the time . « those heavy limbed, stiff sinewed cattle had "done 4 or 5 miles at their fastest pace, they bc- -gan to steady down — tho pace decreased, and its tho pnle light of morning mellowed into ivgenial day, tho herd had settled down to a \- ryatoady walk and submitted to bo driven by their ,'eaptors toward Wynlong. Tlioy had proceeded -''Tory qnietly for about an hour, when in tho A'Courso of thoso to and fro movements which \- lustockmon effect when driving large herds before J .thorn, Peter and Jack met on the right wing of tstflo drove. , id: " By jingo 1" cxclaimod the former, "that !"krere a tidy buster over them hills for sartin. 1 -ikam close .up hein' spilt on tho emu gap where a thOm. gutter a is yon know. My Neddy puts t his foot in a 'olo, stumbles along for 10 or 12 \- " c yards and then comes right to hiz knees. I'm v.ft gone cove, thinks I; nnd 1 shouts out 'I'm ' down I' says-I ; nnd Paddy Qbin looks round i;<grinnin' through the scrnb. ' The divil a pity' ksays he, ' such a gossoon to no ridin' ; bo dad, t-vAU oe grateiy oblated ll yez breaks ycr ' -. a' big limb catched him under tho Inge and j. lifted him out o' tho saddle nnd sot him down r.fair and sqnaro in ahoap o' thistles. .Holy Host I I "tliowt I'd a died laflin ; such a cropper I nover seo. Howsomever, its all clear sail- , tog to the station now; we'll havo no more I ;>-»ther." | " Seems you knows all about it 1" ! -M-" will bo remomborod that Peter was tho ! T.atm who had given Jack a apice of " jaw," | v:Sbea told to " roll out" on the previous morn- AjlSi find Jack, though not vindictive, still i upon his companion ns a " snake bonded > :' ?S?Tci" find was not disposed to enter into genial ®iiver8e, Peter seeing that tho other was bout J# a display of quiet dignity determined to lake ;J$Wo same footing, ory! showed himself eqnal to 'jS? Mtsstoh in tho following high flown and ' 4'vf , dignified language : — 1 Arl ' 0Q'y mado a hobscrvatiqn as them cattle wore settled down qnict, and I'll mako freo in arskin' yer, dont yor reckon as them cattle is settled down cpriot?" " Aud I'll make free for to tell you, that yer a infernal ass, and as yer onghter hold 'ard a bit afore yer jump at coiusion what's unbe knownst to you. I'll make freo for to tell yer too, as that there bull aint bin took out of this 'era paddock for mors'n two years and he dont mean to be took out neither, so dont you go fer to make no hloomin' hobservations no more." When the gate which opened on tho beaten road to Wyalong homo station was readied, tho bull began once more to show his ugly temper, by standing close to the opening, and horning the other cattle as they passed through, but obstinately refusing to accompnny them. When tho rest of the herd had passed out of the pad dock, he turned his head resolutely northward, and charging through the liuo of horsemen as tlioy endeavored to close around him, dashed away at his best speed. Leo, with a look of thorough voxation, hesitated a moment, un decided as to whether or not he should follow the hrnte : but when tho other riders had ex pended their chagrin in "a round of anything but innocent imprecations, ho dismounted, girthed his horso a liitlo tighter and addressing Jack said : "Look here Jack ; yon and the other fellows take the mob on to tho Etation : I'm going to have it out with tho hull." Then he remounted and went along at a swinging gallop Oyster No. VI had made good use of the few minutes delay, and by the timo Leo had got fairly started, waslnmbcring along nearly a mile down tho fence. The brute seemed thoroughly determined not to be driven, for on looking round nnd perceiving that ho was fol lowed, ho went straight lor tho fence, — a three rail chock and log— and launching his giant shoulders against it, iovoiled it to tho gronnd, and then continued his flight straight for the Itiver Murray. This stream was only about half a mile distant, and his pursuer pressing him hard when near the bank, the beast, withont a moment's hesitation, plunged in and swam ashoro on the opposito bank. Ouco more Leo hesitated ; not that ho feared the stream, bnt tho country on tho opposite aide belonged to another ran — Mr. King's Kol- kibertoo — and ho hesitated to continue the chase on another person's property — that person a new comer and a stranger. However, exasperation got the better of prudence, and forcing Demon into the stream ho swam across and reached the summit of a ridge on the northern shoro about aquortor of a mile behind the ball, having had a complete snbmersion, and looking very wild in his torn and dripping garments. A rocky ascent of a mile in length prevented his gain ing much on the cbnso for a spaca 15 minntes, and when at last, by virtue of a toilsome climb, he reached the summit of tho ranees. he beheld Oyster No. VI going n pcrisher, with head down and tail up, right for a deep chasm, which he knew to be yawning about 300 paces in front, Pressing his horse to its utmost speed Leo overtook tho hull when about 100 paces from the precipice, and then began a desperato struggle with the brute to try and tarn him from his fate. It was a vain effort ; time after time tlie heavy thong fell on the horns, the nose, tho eyes, only to ho answered by terrific roars of agony and wrath. The hull was past all con trol, and coasing his efforts when close to the gaping chasm, Leo drew off from the combat and tho bull wont crashing to his doom under the very eyes of Laura King. Wliat the effect of that fatal plunge npon her unaccustomed mind — what the after play, when Leo made his appear ance, liatlcss, coatless and dripping, wo have already seen. 