Sporting. LAYTON AND THE CABEINGTON HANDICAP. - A young fellow from the Clarence River named Layton entered for a Carrington Handicap and got, on the limit. He thought he had a show of win- ning, and came down town to back himself, but found that he could not get a solitary shilling, as a "clever push" had forestalled him on the strength of their knowledge that he ran and trained with Ellem, and must be worth a risk anyway. Dis- gusted, the countryman returned home, refusing to start, and, of course the clever lot dropped their money. Enraged at this, they have gone systemati- cally to work to make the handicappers believe that Layton ran great goes with Ellem, and could do all Ellem wanted. The result is that Layton, who requires nearly " limit" to give him a ghost pf a show, is dragged back five yards in the next handicap (the coming one), and any show he might have entirely extinguished. Now, even if he starts, the handicappers will think he is " fox- ing," and they'll probably be right ; and small blame to him, for such handicapping makes " stiff 'nus" and he will continue to be kept back and prevented from winning, which, to my mind, seems to be the aim of pedestrian handicappers-not to " bring them- together, but how much will keep them out of it ?" seeming to be the question with these gentry. Some day in trying " to run his weight off' Layton wül get censured or disquali- fied, and off he'll go up country disgusted with a game - which, given a fair show, he wnnld have been a sound patron of all his life. Thc committee lose a runner, and the sport and its management made an enemy, all through that nasty, dirty " forestalling." "Handicappers ought to be old enough birds not to be "caught by the chaff of interested parties. Thpy ought to be their, own judges of a man's abilities and listen to no one. ^ipeferce. THE TOTALISATOB.-Mr. Frank Farnell is to ask leave to introduce into the Legislative Assembly at an early date a Bill to legalise the use of the Totalisator. The first clause reads :-"Notwith- standing anything to the contrary expressed in, or implied by, any of the said cited Acts, or in or by any law or statute whatsoever, it shall be law- ful for all persons to use the Totalisator, but only for the purpose of, and as a mechanical medium .for sweepstakes, and upon racecourses only in res . peet of which written permission so to use the 'same shaU have been given by the secretary or, other competent authority of some recognised jockey or racing club in which the control and management of any such racecourse shall be law- fully vested." AQUATICS.-It maybe interesting to know the American scullers' opinion on the recent victory of Beach over Hanlon, and in the New York Herald Teemer says :-" I am not surprised at the result, and am satisfied now more than ever that there is a chance of defeating Beach, and anyone who has seen him now would acknowledge that if it were a possible thing he would beat Hanlan as muoh as he could. Beach, has no friendship for Hanlan, as was proved when they met in England last season, and outside of their personal quarrel Beach has got s weakness much the same aB Hanlan to show his. opponent up by running away from him if it were possible. The closeness of the race surprised me,: and, taking into consideration the ocean voyage and the short time that Hanlan has had to get acclimatised, I think he has made a wonderful per- formance and might possibly have won had the race been in England." James Keenan said he was not surprised, as he had looked upon Beach as a wonderful seniler in strength and skill. Ameri- can scullers, he said, ought to adopt his rig. He K(Keenan) and Peter Duryea had decided to give ^Beach 15,000dols. for expenses to come to the ."United States to row Teemer, or accept 1000 and go to Australia to meet him, Several oarsmen expressed the opinion that no one in the world could beat Beach save Teemer. A telegram from Hanlan's home, Toronto, dated November 26th, says that much disappointment is felt there over Han- lan's defeat by Beach. A large number of Hanlan's admirer's who believed in his invincibility laid their money on him, but their confidence in him now, however, has been rudely dispelled. J. Scott, the New Zealand walker, now in Eng- land, has arranged a match with the well-known pedestrian Hibburd. The distances are 50 miles, 12 hours, and 24 hours. M'Arthur, a jumper well known in Victoria, has offered, for a substantial wager, to beat the record of 49ft. 3in. for a running hop, step, and jump. Some little while ago the racehorse Smith O'Brien was attacked with rheumatism, and as there was no chance of his recovering, a friendly bullet put an end to his painful existence. The French papers report a queer case in which a jockey was sent to gaol for losing a race which it s alleged he ought to have won. He was charged with, having received money to lose the race, and he seems to have succeeded completely, for he pulled so hard that his mount finished last. At a recent meeting of the Canterbury Jockey Club, Mr. Qt. G. Stead spoke of the increase of race meetings in New Zealand as a great evil, and said that something should be done to put a stop to so many Bmall " mushroom " meetings. He looked upon horse-racing as a curse as it was at present carried on in New Zealand. The question was considered a very important one, and Mr. Stead's views were generally supported. Mr. M'FJhone intends to ask leave to bring a measure to abolish consultations. Ruby, the steeplechase mare, annexed the Laun- ceston Cup carrying 8st. libs. 