PART. [I1. A disfigured'body of. a. young gentleman. was found.a. few? days afterwards; but Miss Tannton,_whohad_ heard the terrible story, was, two: ill to.take any measures. towards recognition. A senior clerk from the bank was- sent ; but,. although. he believed he saw- the remains of young Carrington,. theawhole thing was con sidered unsatisfactory:. Nevertheless, he was Sburied:as;the-culprit,. and death. satisfied the law.. Six months'passed;.'and I was once- more surprised, to.-receive a. ,summons- from, IMr Taunton.: . He was evidently near his end.. and.it wouild he impossible to affirm-that he.j was. in hisrigbt mind.. He was: seated as I found. himribefore,, butthisstout frame had be come giu-nb.-knd; thin his grey locks- strag- gling and, white,.his-pale- skin.shrunken and.: parchment, looking.. -Il havl.egiven orders to have thousands of ,bills: printed and distributed, offering one uniidred' pound.reward. for the apprehensioni of: my-nephew, Arcbibald Carrington.' -: But he- isldead, sir,' and- the-law. is.satis Sfled:. '-But I am-not;,' the-old. man, said. I re imn. yonuonce, more to find him.. You will find: money enough there for your expenses for-sixmonths.;' and hehhanded me a.cheque. \- '-I- have written, to: the Commissioner for ipermissions to:retain. you: for the length of time-named. I have also.asked him. to-- per mit you. to claim, the reward of. one hundred ,pounds;; for that you will find: him I am certain,--yes,. as certain as. that we both. sit here2' \- O'f course I reported all. this to, head quarters,. and was- instructed, to. act. in: no: way.,. as; doubtless. the old- gentleman had Sbeen. driven. insaneb by-.the tragic. end- of his nephew. The searcli; was fated not, to, end' here, how ever.. Most people,.no.doubt; remember some paragraphs that went the round of the papers about tke timedotwhichi I am speaking. They were.: usually, headed ' THE. REGIMENT'AL Gaosr,-' -and spoke of, some young: officer who, having: diedl tragically; was in the habit of 'visiting his.old: comrades in the form of a :spirit.. Ha. was-sometimes seen gazing sadly in: at the: mess-room window; and others slowly descending the staircase- of the quarters he onwe-occupied't himselfin. H -; and: several times he: was- beheld out in the moonlight in the barrack-yard. At list a. new. phase came over the story. The-regiment was-removed to-Aldershot, and Son the third night of their stay the apparition: gazed in at the- window of the messbliut in, ,the North Camps. H-is former comrades saw his sad,. pale.blue:eyes-and waving yellow :hair very distinctly;, and the matter had a great effect upon all, One officer, however,. Captain B----, whosat right oppositel the window,. was so excited tharshe had an. epi leptio fit,. and was.now seriously ill, Miss. Tauntoni. the ghost of her .form'ei Sradiant self, visited me. that night,. and drew !my attention- again- to. these- paragraphs, ending with: the assurance of her- belief that her cousin was ttill: alive1and that it was -he himself who was haunting, his. old-regi ment.. I then told her all that occurredr between Mr Carrington and Capqtaini Briscoe- in the skittle alley of the Kingston. inn.. ' I know my cousin is innocent," eried'tie young lady. 'Captain Briscoe- though1t t remove a rival for- my hand, but the sup posed death of my cousin gave, me an excuse for not seeing.him again. -1 took up the case once more. I went down to Aldershot and found that Briscoe's papers had been. sent in. The ' ghost" was, attributed to be the cause of his resignation. I followed him to town that night, and saw him, enter: a gambling hell near Pic cadily,. the owner of which had been 'An Expertin. handwriting' once connected with one of our metropolitan police-courts. He had, however, gone to prison for a serious. offence,. and had . lived on gambiing ever since his release. Captain Briscoe opened the private door with. a pass-key, .He and De: Morlienville were friends-perhaps partners.. My ideas were- rapidly formed and acted upon! I -rang and asked for the proprietor. As soon as 1 was seated I said :. ' I am a police. offrier, and if you desire leniency of treatment, you will make a clean breast of what you know of the cheque that was altered here in last Octeber.' The fellow began to bluster, but I slowly drew my ' bracelets' from my pocket,. and said : ' We know you. are not- the, principal in thecase, and therefore-gave you: the oppor ;tunity of explaining.' ' Will you admit me to- Queen's evidence,, and. I will tell you: all I' cried- the. scoundrel,. cringing: immediately: before- my random: shots.. 'I promise: yomi nothing,"T returned. coldly;. 'IErbu;are-not the principal;. liow. ever, you havenot much to. fear.. .ThatgaLve him.confidence;. Hb- macrde a. clean breast of it. Briscoe- bribed him to. alter the- cheqpei. assuring him, that. the offence- would rot be serious, since he- never intended'to. dgaw the money.. L called' the- policeman on the beat; who, sent me his sergeant.. FWe entered: the chief 'sal'oon, where decarts and. baccarat were going on.. Approaching. Captain, B'riscoo I said that I should.like to, speak to him in the next room. He-rose with a look of proud anger' on :his. flushed- facei. but that immediately changed to fear,, apprehension,. and horror,. and hoarsely shouting, ' Again- again !' fell to the floor, writhing in. agony, as foam,. tinged plentifully withl blood, issued from. under his large black moustache; Turning, I saw, not the apparitibn. of0 Archibald Carrington, but Archibald Car -ington himself.-- pale; thin,, emaciated,. audi melancholy-looking. He-had survived the leap, into- the- river;? having hung.on.to. a mooring-buoy until a: waterman, passing, observed and. drew- him. into-his boat He had memory enough- to ge.t into-a cab-after rewarding the good man, and, driving to.the bachelor chambers. of a_ retired: fellow-offit:er, he was heartily wel comed and carefully nursed through. a, long illness. It was this friend's idea. to haunt. Briscoe-like a. ghost, and the plan, un- doubtedly served its.purpose. I took. hirn,to-Miss. Taunton?s- that. nighty with.Captain Edwardes, his fiiend:.. Captain Briscoe remained under police care at Saint George's.-Hospital for fosr days, when. he -recovered: consciousness. sufficiently. long toconfess his.guilt. and the- mercenary. object he had in view in, getting: Carrington, out of the way. A, broken constitution.then, sti'euinbed,. anud further- notnriety. - avoided:. Miss Taunton.and Carrington. were soont quietly married, and as. he assumed- her name when they returned from. a long. tour on the Continent,.all the evil past was- for- gotten. IL was. permitted. to, accept the hundred: pounds reward, and I am. still known. in, some circles as the fellow who laid- 'The Regimental. Ghost.' 