"WHY SHE MARRIED HIM. " So yon won't have rae, Nellie? You I ? are sure you won't marry mo ?" ' Pretty Iittlu Mrs Nellie Willard looked ' meditatively out of the window into the quiet village street, as if among the leaile33 I tress and on the frost-bound landscapo I she could find tho answer to Horace | ! Levison's question. Then, after a moment, she turned her! face toward him—a face as fresh and fair | | in its peachy bloom as many a young girl's ten years her junior. "I—I am afraid I can't, Mr Levison." You are ' afruid' you can't, Mrs Willard ? Answer me another question, yes or no—do you love me ?" !t Why, Mr Levison, I mean Harry, of course I lo—like you ! I always did, ever since I first know you, years and yoars ago." " When Wilson Willard won tho prize all wo fellows were striving for ! So you liked me then, Nellie, and youliko mo now ? Then why won't you marry me? You'vo been a widow for three years no.v. Isn't that long enough to mourn tho virtues of the doparted?" You wicked man ! As if throo hundred years could ever teach me to for get poor, dear Willard." Hor bright eyes reproved him sharply and he accepted with good grace. " Granting tho truth, Nellie, that your deceased husband was a good follow and a loving partner, I still cannot sec why you refuso me. That is tho subject | under consideration at presout, Nellie. Why won't you marry ma ?" " Because, Harry, because Wilson Willard mado mo promise never to marry I again." Stuff and nonsense. What if ho did ? A bad promiso is bettor broken than kept." Airs Willard twisted her ring uneasily. '•'I know it is," she said, slowly, but'' " Yes ; ' but' what, Nellio ? In all re spect I say it—poor Will is dead and gono and you've boon true to his memory all theso long years, and what has ho to do with you now ? " "I know," she said again, medita tively, " but—but, Harry, he made mo solemnly promiso Dover to marry again under penalty of his everlasting dis pleasure. xVnd—don't be angry with me, Harry, will you ? But I almost know he would appear to me." The lovely blue eyes were liftod in such pitous appeal to his, and the pretty little widow mado such a nervous little nestling nearer to him that it was the most human thing in the world for Air Levison to put his arm protectingly round her. " So you believe he would haunt you, Nellie, if you broke you promise ! A sen sible little woman like you to veritably be lieve in such superstitious .ol- de-rol. And after having waited for you ten years of your married life and three years of your widowhood you condemn mo to hopeless ness for tho sake of such a chimera—for the sako of such a shadow as your hus band's ghost." And Nellie looked imploringly at him again, and her lips quivered and tho tears stood iu great crystals on her long lashes. " Oh, Harry, how cruel you are. You know I love you batter than all tho world, only—I dare not marry again. Don't bo angry—please don't be angry with me." And Air Levison looked down at hor lovely face and assured her ho could nover be angry with her, and then went away, heaping silent malediction on tho head of the defunct husband who had beon tyrant enough to burden his lovely young , wife with such a promise. The last sunset rays were flinging their goldon aud scarlet pennons 011 tho pale, blnc-graylsky when Mr Levison opened the door of his cosy sitting-room at home, to bo met by tho laughing face and gay welcome of a young gentleman, who had evidently beon making himself at homo while he waited. " Heigho, Lovison ! Surprised to 300 me ? How aro you, old .fellow—how aro you " Fred Willard ? Where, in tho uamo of goodness, did you spring from ? Why, I thought you wore not to sail from India for a good sis months yet. I'm glad to see you, although for tho instant I con fess I was startled ; you are the livin image of your brother Wilson. We've been discussing ghosts, you know." Young Willard's eyes gleamed mis chievously as he interrupted irreverently. "'We'is good, Lev. Yon mean my protty little sister-in-law, of course ? I know slio religiously believes in 'em. I know I am impatient to Bee her—for the first time since Will's funeral." AlrJ Levison laid his hand persuasively on Fred's shoulder. " See here, Fred ; you aro a friend of mine, and I am about to put your friend ) ship to tho test. I want you to dome a favor, will you?" " Willi ? Of course I will. What's up ?" And Air Levison turned the key of the door, and the consultation lasted until the housekeeper rang the dinner bell. Five hours later the moon was just creeping over tho tops of the trees, and Airs Willard was standing at tho garden door on her return from a tour of inspec tion to tho snug little carriage-house, which slio had personally seen was secure for the night evor since her husband's death. With a little involuntary exclamation at the perfect beauty of tho night, she wont in, locked the door after her, for her threeservants were allrotirod for the night, and then gave a littlo shriek, for, standing in tho solf-samo accustomed place I10 wns wont to occupy, and looking as natural as if it wcro himself in the flesh, was her husband. Shestifiod her shriek, and tried bravely to feel bravo, but her heart throbbed | wildly as she realised that she was loolting upon a bona-fido ghost—a veritable in- , habitant of the land of eternal shadows. " Will," slio said faintly, with hor hand j tight on tho handle of the door. "Will, is it you ?" His voice was precisely as it had beon in tho old days. " Who should it be but I, Nellie, and come on purpose to communicate with you." ! "Yes," sho gasped; "but what for? ] I have tried—I have done everything that I thought you would wish. There is nothing wrong, Will ?" The low, familiar voice almost para lysed Nellie, and yet, aided by the very material contact of the door-knob, she stood her ground and listened. "Nothing is wrong with you, Nellio, but with me. I can't rest in my grave knowing tho wrong I unintentionally committed in binding you to perpetual widowhood for my sake. I come to revoke my decision, to givo you my full | permission to marry again, and my advice is to marry Harry Levison. Promise me you will do it, and I shall rest peacefully ; orever." "Oh, Will! If you say so—if you think it best—yes, yes, I will." Hor face was palo enough now to have passed for a ghost herself. "Go and look at the olock in the dining-room, Nellie, and see if it is near | the stroke of 12." Sho wtnt dumbly, mechanically, at his I behest, v iu when she came back he was | gone, and the moonlight streamed in on an empty room. , Then the reaction followed and Nellie flew up to her bedroom aud locked the | door, and covered her head with a Bhawl and sobbed and cried hysterically until her overwrought nerves found relief in sleep. The next day Mr Levison sent a little note over, apologising for his seeming discourtesy in not coming to bid her good- I bye on his sudden departure for an indefi nite time, and telling her that her cruel decision never to marry again had been the cause of it. To which Nellie, all pale, alarmed and crimson with confusion, penned an answer, assuring him that she had changed her mind and begging him to come over to lunch to see her and meet her brother-in- 1 law. Of course Mr Levison came, and it did not take two minutes to settlo.it, nor did he laugh at her when she solemnly related her experience of the uiglit before. "For it was his ghost, iHarry, just as true as I am alive and speaking to you ! " "A jolly old—I mean a thoughtful, pains-takiug spirit, Nellie. Bless his ghostship, we'll hold him iu eternal re membrance. " Nor did his countenance change a feature, even when ho, Nellie, and Fred Willard discussed the marvellously oblig ing kindness of the departed. Nor did pretty, bloomiug, blushing Mrs Nellie evor for a moment dream that her visitant was Fred himself, assisted by a wig and false whiskers. Nor was there any reason she should know, for her happiness was secured and her conscience at ease. 