The Story Teller. THE GRAY MAN'S PATH as artist's ADVENTURE ON THK IRISH : OOABT SIXTY TEARS' AGO. When the narrator reached this stage o£ the logend and paussd, the artist said ' And the people tell one, of course, that ho is to be seen there now. Well, * I can only repeat, if he comes at my time I shall be happy to meot him.' ' Sure, and I'd advise ye not to say so, Bir,' 'Why?' ' Because, ye see, sir, as ye must be alone all by y'rself like, for to see him at .ah, ye'll get no help if he seizes hold of ye, as he's shuro to do if ye trespass within the breath of a hair on to hia path.' ' Nonsense ; ghosts don't seize hold of ?people.' 'Deed, but thiB one does, as many know to their cost, and as they'd say if they lived to tell the tale.' ' What ! does he murder them ?' ?' Just flings '6m ' over the cliff, and there's an end.' 'I should think there is an end. . But how is this known 7 Are ;their bodies found?' ' Divil a one, sir.' ' Do they utterly disappear then f' ' Intirely, sir ; and that's how we know the gray man's had 'em in his . clutches.' 'My good friend, as a sensible man, I Wonder you can believe such rubbish.' ' Ye'll na' say it's rubbish, gin ye meet him ; and rubbish or not, ye'll no' tell me that where heather and grass won't grow, and snow won't lie, tho path's not held by an evil spirit.' 'Explain ; I don't understand.' ' I mean just this, sir, and just what I say.HOome summer, oome winter, the path's always bare, clean, aud clear marked out — a winding line from the heap o'stones where O'Morrogh's cabin stood right away up to the cliff edge, and just the particular line the flying damsel j-Yrent along, with the murthering villain : y.in her wake — tho path ye just show a ' bit of in y'r draught here, as it goes atween the crags at the top o' the preci pice. If ye mind wha I say, sir, ye'll give the place a wide berth. It's na, canny ; I'd not go there again.' ' But I must ; that's settled.' ' Onyway, if ye do go, don't set foot on the- path, whatever ye do. Maybe he'll na' touch you then, though likes enough he'll scare the wits out on ye wid hisevileye.' 'Woll, I'll risk it. I shall go up to morrow in spite of him. Now Good night ; it is time to turn in. I'm obliged to you, my friend, for telling me the story.' The last sip of toddy was drained, the ashes of pipes knocked out, and the two parted for the night. The hamlet of Ballygarvan stands on tho rough shore in a dip or cove between the hills, and a stiff aBcent of about two miles along a wild, scarcely perceptible mountain track among the heather and boulders brought the traveleing artist early the next day to the spot near the edge of the cliffs where he had begun his sketch, 'and which lay within a yard or two of the ?mysfceri«ua Gray Man's Path. The view wa3 grand and impressive, embracing the grim but picturesque coast, with its irregular lines and the wide stretch of ooean, somber and leaden under a gleamy, windless autumn sky. The rising mass of Garvan Head, coming up on the right of the picture, with its craggy edge cutting against the sea and sky, and then sloping away inland to the left, made a splendid foreground, and was all a painter could desire. His enthusiasm soon set him to work, and for several hours he became completely absorbed in it. The gradually freshening breeze and the gradually slow piling up of some threaten ing storm-clouds in the northeast lent ever- increasing value to the effect. Toward the afternoon the closing in of the daylight was accelerated by the deep ening tones of the clouds, and the slight and intermittent influence of the declin ing sun added greatly to the lurid effect the heathor-clad hills naturally wore. A wilder, lonelier, more weird- looking scene than this now became could hardly be imagined. About 4 o'clock too, the wind again entirely dropped, . and there suc ceeded one of those temporary but ominsus lulls, the sure presage of - storm. A strange stillness pervaded nature, only broken by the occasional murmuring of the surges on the shore far down below. For another half -hour the painter's atten tion was entirely rivetted oh his sketch. He had not seen a living creature since leaving tho village. One or two sails only were visible on the horizon, and the very seabirds seemed to have deserted the air ; but about this time a couple of carrion crows swept up -from the face of the cliff bolow him, and, after swirling round for a minute or two, with a dismal croak dropped out of sight again. For another short interval nothing occurred to disturb the patient enthusiast. Now, however, v the distant muttering of thunder fell upon his ear, and for the first time he cast a look about him. He was sitting among the stunted heather at his light easel, with his back toward that part of the Gray Man's Path which wound away inland ; but, as has been hinted, the ter : mination of it among the craggy boulders at the cliff edge swept round in front of ' him and came conspiciously into his ' sketch. But for his desire to get to ' work, he would on arriving at the spot, have at once explored the bare narrow track. The landlord's story had excited his ; curiosity, andas he was putting some final ..touches on_his canvas, he determined to trace the path from end to end before re turning to the inn. Yet he still lingered over his work unable to tear himself away ' until at length the increasing darkness and ' a louder peal of distant thunder -warned him that it was time to gire up. ' He rose from the camp-stool with a stretch, and, turning slightly round, started, as . he found himself suddenly i face toface with a strange and weird looking figure. There on the path, within a yard of him, stood a tall man habited like a foreign seafarer, with a long gray board andhair nearly downtohisshoulders. w Tho piercing black, eyes, set beneath M heavy, ' dark eye-browiB and partly shaded . .' by a quaint peaked cap, gleamed fiercely form a countenance wfll nigh as gray as the hair on it. One hand was outstretched as if arrested in the act of seizing hold of the artist, but he was not quite within reach. So unexpected, so threatening was the appearance of the figure— for not the faintest sound had warned him of its approach — that he remained petrified and appalled. But presently stopping back beside his easel, he was about to protest indignantly, when the intruder dropped his arm and noiselessly proceeded along the path : without casting another look at the bewilldered and astonished young man. Going in the direction of the cliff. edge, the figure had nearly reached it, when it again turned, paused, aud glared fiercely. ' If you are the gray man,' thought the artist, 'you are no ghost, that's settled and he began hastily! to gather his traps together. Only for an instant, however, did ho take his eyes off the other j but that instant was sufficient, for when ho looked again the figure had vanished. There seemed hardly time for it to havo passed round the one projecting boulder which might have partly.hidden it, and beyond that and within a foot of it was the top of the precipice. The broken .ground and stunted heather at the actual edge offered no hiding-place, and the effect consequently was as if the figure must have gone over the cliff. Now that he had had time to recover himself, curiosity returned with over whelming force upon the painter. He was no coward ; and when he had buckled the last strap of his haversack, he be thought him that at leas^ he would not leave the spot without endeavoring to olear up the mystery of this strange visi tation. A few paces brought him to the brink of the dizzy height on the alert for any thing that might happen. Preparing cautiously to look over, he became aware of something moving close beside him, and, turning, saw the figure as it emerged from another of irregular projections im mediately overhanging the precipice, but which he had not imagined offered foot hold. In an instant, it was upon him with uplifted hand, in which gleamed a long knife. But the painter was too quick. He slipped aside and the descen ing weapon, merely grazing his shoulder, passed through into the sleeve of his thick frieze coat. Before it could be withdrawn he had struck a blow which, staggering his assailant for an instant, gave him time to get back upon firmer ground — but time for that alone, Ere he knew it almost he was engaged in a death struggle, hand to hand. Each had the other by the throat — by the arm — by anything offering hold. They swayed to and fro for several moments in horrible proximity to tho very verge of the abyss, into which it looked as if they both must fall. Stumb ling, clattering and scattering the crumb ling jearth and stones in all direc tions, 'the two fought like wolves. The blade again and again gleamed in the air, but every attempt to drive it home failed. The match in strength seemed nearly equal. Desperate efforts were made on both sides to throw one or the other. The artist was striving to keep the fight away from the precipice, as the bearded man was doing the reverse. Scarcely a blow was struck, so occupied was each hand by clutch and grip. Now one way, now the other, they lunged and plunged, and no one could have laid which would gain the mastery, when it was settled by their both tripping and falling in a huddled heap among the bowlders on the actual brink.' Happily the painter was partly uppermost; and when in a second or two he endeavored to free himself, he found no resistance. His assailant lay senseless ; the back of his head had struck against a sharp edge of projecting rock, and the crimson blood was already mingling with the long gray hair. . Rising from his knees the young man drew a breath of relief, while his first impulse' was then and there to thrust the scoundrel over the fatal ridge. But his humanity prevailed, and instead he dragged him on to a less hazardous and smoother place. He was himself sorely bruised and cut. Both hands were bleed ing where from time to time he had grasped the dagger, which, as he presently looked around, he saw lying at his feet. It had been a short but . fearful bout, all, as it eeemed to the survivor, the work of a minute; and we may suppose for a while ?he scarcely knew where he. was or what he did. But by degrees he found himself gathering his wita together, and binding his wounds as best he could, with the shreds of his handkerchief. fTo be continued in our next. J 