Very Precious. “I did not giva it to him ! Ho stole it out of the mothers album. He did ! ho did 1 ho did l" The speaker’s voice rose with oach repetition, and her cheeks got redder and redder. “I must know bettor than you, Rosie t” “Oh! of course; you do not call it giving, but I do. You were standing by, I suppose, when ho took it 1 Your eyes were cast down, and you put your most becoming pout on ? And now that Tom Crichton, with his ton thousand a year, falls in love with you and wants to marry you^ you are afraid that poor Geoff Hamilton will show him your photograph and talk about your silly letters and make mis chief. You incorrigible little, flirt ! It would serve yon right to be treated as you have treated others. How many men have you made fools of, I wonder ? A dozen V* The speaker spoke sarcastically ; her hearer was beginning to cry. The girls were sisters, both young, both pretty and charming, but Letty, the younger, was a lovely, brainless little fiirt. The older, Rosalind, had.plenty of brains, but scarcely experience enough to use them judiciously. Sue was a brilliant creature to look at; warm-hearted and impul sive to a fault. There was nothing she would not do or dare for one sho loved, and she dearly loved her bewitching little sister, and rejoiced with all her heart when the genial, good-looking young fellow, Tom Crichton, who camo into the neighborhood to take pos session of an unexpected inheritance, fell in love at first sight with Letty and proposed to her after a week’s acquaintance. But Tom was a quick-tempered, jealous young follow, and he had already spokon nis mind to Miss Letty about her love of flirtation. She promised to amend her ways, but it was more than she could do to keep her promise when temptation came in alluring ' ^Another young man, Geoffrey Hamilton by name, had quickly succumbed to the fascina tions of the younger of the two daughters of the widowed Mrs. Maitland, who lived in a pretty cottage in the prettiest part of Kew. It was in vain that Rosalind warned the heedless B coquette that she was treating young ton disgracefully. But in good truth the young man was very weir able to take care of himself. He was not very deoply wounded ; but as soon as Crichton appeared upon tho scene, ho made up his mind to punish Miss Letty, if possible, for her tricks, by protend ing to bo broken-hearted. and desperately jealous. He was, however, sufficiently in love to be able to put a fair amount of seriousness into his reproaches ; and when ho flatly refused to give up the photograph Letty hud given him, and one or two absurd little notes she had written to him, and a glove ho had purloined, tho silly girl,was thoroughly frightened, and firmly porsuaded that “Tom” would hear all about it and break off his engagement. Had Rosalind but known how* slightly Hamilton’s heart was touched she would have quickly laughed Lotty out of her fright; but when the girl solemnly assured her that Gooff was so much in lovo and so angry and jealous, that she knew he meant to have his revenge, the sensible elder sister forgot that she was not living in a melodramatic age ; and, moreover, sho quite overlooked tho fact that Hamilton being a gentleman, it was not likely that he would act as if ho were a sneak. So, on tho whole, tilings were looking very serious, when, for the fiftieth time at least, Rosalind tried to make her sister confess whothor she had given Geoff tho photograph, or whothor ho had taken it from Mrs. Mait land’s album. She had her own opinion on tho subject, so it was really waste of tune to cross question tho naughty, little girl, who was anxious to keop the peace between the old love and the now. “I think you aro very unkind, Rosie,” she said at last; “ and if you do not bolieve mo, how can I expect Tom to do it ?" ** I do not expect Tom to do it 1 Yon talk as if behoving in you were a gymnastic feat. I know what I should do in Tom’s place, if j another man told me he had a photograph of the girl I meant to marry, and gloves and things—” “He has only onoglove and no things !” in terrupted Letty, whimpering. “ Don’t exagger ate } and I gave Tom two photographs—one sitting and ono standing—and he has heaps and heaps of lotters!” “I hope tho spelling is all right.” .u I hope so. He is not much of a spellor himsolf. He spelt ‘ adored ’ with two d’s the other day—4 My addored one.’ It looks so “ Mr. Hamilton is away just now, is ho not?” Rosalind asked presently. 44 Yes. He went to his sister’s wedding. I wish it was his own.” “ Ho does not live in Melbourne, I think ?” “No ; lie has a room in Richmond, and Ger ard Townsend lives with him.” “ He is the woman-hating person who is studying for something and never goes out ? , • And now I suppose you aro going to write to your adored Tom ? I am going out for a walk.” “And won’t you advise mo how to get back my jihotograph ? I wish I had not given it to “ Oh, so you did give it 1” “I am afraid I did,”sighed Letty. “But he begged so hard, and said lie had never cared enough for any girl to ask for her likeness bo “ Poor fellow ! But he must give it up. Now go and writo your lettor.” And Rosalind ran out of tho room. About an hour later, a young lady, with a mackintosh on her arin, knocked at tho door of a boarding-house in a swell street in Richmond, .She had evidently been walking fast, for her cheeks were glowing and her eyes were bright. “This is awful,” she said to herself, us she heard stops approaching tho door on tho inside. A civil-looking woman opened it. “ Are—are the gentlemen at home ?” the visi tor asked. “I mean--is Mr. Townsend at home? I am his mater, and ho expects me, I think.” “ Oh, walk in, ma’am, if you please. Mr. Townsend told me you were not coming until to-morrow ; ho is out just now, but your room is quite ready. Have you no luggage, ma’am?” The visitor muttered something about tho station as alio went into tho hall, “Please hIiow me into the sitting-room,” she said. 441 can wait for mv brother there, No, thank you; no tea. Is this tho room ?” “ Yea, ma’am. Tho gentlemen 1ms this be tween them, Mr. Hamilton is coming back this evening.” “ What is that noise ?” the visitor asked. Rain, ma’am. It’s a thunder shower, I think. It always makes that noise on the roof of the verandah. It’s well you was under cover, Rosalind gave a sigh of relief as the door nt last closed behind the landlady. “Now, if by a Stroke of good fortuno 1 can commit my felony and get away before—my brother comes in— What an extraordinary thing that he should bo expecting his sister. I suppose ” (glaring at a cuvinot photograph cm the chimney pi CCO)“ that is the man himself. Why, ho must bo forty at least I Now I wonder where Mr, Geoff keeps his treasures? Iu a drawer, of course; but yjjjjch drawer ?, I do not half like rummaging among tho poor man's xiossesaions, but ho brought it oh himself,”. She presently camo upon a packet neatly tied up with red ribbon and sealod. She pinched it. It evidontlv contained a photograph, for she felt the cardboard, and there was something soft that might be a glove; and surely those wore withered flowers that crackled as she pressed them ; and the more lumpy enclosures muBt bo letters. Should she untie the ribbon and break the seal ? But time was passing, and there was really no necessity. Then she turned tho packet over ana found an inscription that ettlod the question. In a man’s writing were the words—“L.’s likenesB and letters. Very precious.” „.4“ Poor Gooff ! Poor, dear fellow ! How do votedly ho loves her! I am so sorry for him. ‘Very precious’ he calls them,” Rosalind mur mured. “But precious or not, I must rob hiui of them. We cannot lose Tom, I wonder what Letty will Hay when she secs them ? Now, I wish I were safely out of this. I must writo the tiuiest scrap of a noto and leave it for poor, dear Geoff. She closed tho drawer, put tho packet in her pocket, and wrote hastily on a hali- sheet of paper: “ L’s sister has taken wlmt you have no right to keep against her will.” She had just addressed tho envelope when fllio heard steps on the stairs; in auotner mo ment the door was opened and a handsome young man come in. _i _ “ How nwkward !’ thought Rosalind. “JBut I must keep up the character of Town send’s sistor. Who in the world is ho ?” The newcomer stood still and stared at her. She was the prettiest girl ho had seen for many a day. She mado him a littlo bow. “I am Mr. Townsend’s sister,” she said, “and X ex* | pect him every moment; ho does not expect mo until to- morrow. Did not the ladlady toll 1 you I was horo ?” “She—she—sho did!” tlio young man gasped. 44 What a donkey ho is !” thought merciless Rosalind, quite at her ease, although she had just been robbing a drawer. 441 wonder if you would mind going too look for my brother ?” she said aloud in the sweetest manner. “It would be so very kind. It is awkward to be hero all alone with—people coming in.” She k gaye him a little smile to indicate that he was one of the people, 441 havo to go to the sta tion for my luggage(“ What dreadful stories I am telling!*’ she added to herself;) then aloud, 44 and, perhaps, by tho time I come back ho will bo here.” 44 0, you will come back, will you ? But it’s raining cats and dogs ! you’ll bo drenched !” “ Oh, dear no ! I havo a water-pi oofand Rosalind took up her cloak. “ Thank you,” as the young man rushed forward and put it round her shoulders. “And you will go and find—Gerard for mo,” she said, turning to him with tho sweetest smile. There was the slightest possible hesitation before sho said the name; lie noticed nothing but the beauty of her eyes. “ Thank you very much 1” She was gone before ho recovered .himsolf, and when Geoff Hamilton came into tho sitting-room a few minutes after, ho found his friend Townsend hanging out of tho window. 44Hallo, Gee!” ho said, 44 what’s up? You look dazod! Seen a ghost?” “No,..but tho pruttiosfc girl in the world. Sho was here. She said she was my sister. She asked mo to go and look for myself, while sho went to the station for her luggage.” “Then sho’U be back.” “Not sho l Sho turned tho other way.” “Then who in tho world iH she, and what brought her here ?” “ I suspect you know all about that, yon rascal 1 She’s one of your army of martyrs, ! take it.” “ Rubbish ! I am tho martyr ! What's this ?” He had picked up Rosalind’s note from tho writing table. “4G. Hamilton, Esq.’ Now for the heart of tho mystery.” Ho opened the note and read it. Then ho threw himsolf into a chair with a very red face. Then ho laughed. Then I’m afraid he swore. Meanwhile Rosalind, with her heart thump ing half with fright and half with triumph, was speeding homeward. Sho flew to Lotty’s room, aud found that young person on her bed, reading a novel. 44There!” Rosie cried, throwing down tho packet, “ never say again that I aiu not your beHt friond ! There are your letters and your photograph, and all tho keepsakes you gave that poor, dear man from timo to time; and you ought to be ashamed of yourself J” 44 What!” cried unabashed Letty. “Did ho givo them up? He is is a darling !” “No,” answered Rosalind calmly ; “ I stole 44O, you dear, delightful darling! How sweet of you ! Poor boy, how sorry lie will bo! But what fun! What is this written outside? 4 L.’s likeness and letters. Very precious,’ Poor, dear Geoff, how fond ho is of mo !” And sho gave a little sentimental 44 Had you not better open the thing and soo if you have them all right?’ said practical Rosie. “ Here, cut tho knot.” .No sooner said than done. A cabinet photo graph fell out, then a pieco of deep crimson ribbon, a few faded flowers, and two or three “ This is such a good likeness Tom had hotter have it," said Letty, as she took up tho picture, which had fallen faco downward on the bod. . 44 Look, Rosie 1” Roiso looked, and behold, it was a likeness of a tall, handsome girl, who boro not the slightest resemblance to winsome littlo Letty, Beneath was written in a firm aud dashing woman’s hand tho one word 44 Louie.” j Tho sistors looked at one another with blank , faces. A glance at the notes revealed tho same dashing hand. “ So you are not tho only one, , and I made a fool, of myself and robbed the . man’s draw for nothing!” cried Rosalind. “ O, j if I had but known 1” j 44 Never mind, dear,”said Letty ; 441 am sure I don’t. But I wish I knew what ho sees to ! admire in that black woman. Just pack her up and send her back to him.” j A tap, at,.the .door interrupted them. It ; was a maid to announce that air. Townsend , was in the drawing-room. Ho wanted to boo , Miss Maitland for a few minutes on business. , Ho bad a message and a little packet to do “ Tell Mr. Townsend I am coming directly,” said Rosalind. “Oh, Rosie! do you mind?” cried Letty ns the maid wout out. “He has sent my picture, I suppose, and ho wants his blncic woman back. Tell him we think her fright- j ful. (Are you sure you do not mind seeing . _ “ Not in tho least,” said Rosalind. 441 saw his likeness in their sitting- room and lie is plain and elderly. .Give mo those things, and j trust to my ingenuity to get myself out of tho scrape. Tuoy cannot say much when they know it was another girl’s photograph I carried And just ns she was—in her muddy littlo boots and with tho wind-blown, untidy hair— she went down, stairs; and it still is, aud it over will remain, a mystery what those two said to one another when they stood faco to face. But Geoff got back his precious packet and Letty got her photograph ; sho gave it to Tom forthwith and he was delighted. Sho is now Mrs. Crichton. Hamilton was finally captured by a pretty young widow. I do not know what bocomo of ‘‘Louie,” but Rosalind married Gerard Townsend, and be Brill thinks she is the prettiest woman in the 