NOTA NDA. Tice causes of postal irregularities, which are so annoyingly frequeut, are generally not to be traced; but so far as Sydney correspondeunc is concerned, wherever inquiry has resulted in eliciting the cause it appears to re.t tither with the railway or the Sydney authoritics. Now that the now railway cour. mirsioneru are in office tho trains are almost in variably late in reaching lRodfern, and as con. sequence the newspaper parcels are frequently not sorted in time; for the early delivery. A little more diligence might overcome this, and ought to be used, for thi delay of newspapirs is very vexatious. On Saturdays there is no afternoon delivery in Sydney, and consequently if the papers do not go out by the carriers in the morninog they remain till Monday. The country liewspapero do not have daily trains run for their convenicnco lil:e their more fortunate metropolitan livals; o surely it would not be too muchi ftr the lieads of the post.ollico department to ineist on a little more diligence on the part of the newslpaper sorters. As regerle lotteor I posted the other evening at the general post-otlice a letter for Goulburn, which ought therefore to have reached its destination the following morning but which did not come to hand till the afteruoon, later than my own arrival. It was stamlped as being posted at 9.30 p.m., the fact bring that I personally dropped it into the box at 7.40. In this ease certainly there is no difficulty in fixing the fault with the Sydney office. Two letters I posted earlier in the wook were similarly delayed. One should have roached Goul burn on Wednesooday afternoon but did not come to hand till Thursday which led to somowhat annoying consequencos. The other should have come to hand on Friday; but was not received till Saturday. In these instances the envelopes were not kept; sa: I caunot say whether the time of posting is correctly given; but I have no doubt the fault hero also was with Sydney. The art gallery of Mr. Iondall and his pupils, which was on view last wooek, was a step in the right direction. Mr. Reudnll as an artist decidedly deserves recognition and support. And the work of his students, although not up to the level of Rum moleparbor, SBeldrayers, Tournier, or Leader, was pleasing, encooraging, and in some instances, pro mising. Tile attention of our youth is drawn in an elevating direction, and the refining influenoc will increase if these exhibitions become aunnal. Cer tainly Mr. Itundall's presence in our midst, like Dr. Ellis' delicate dissertations on Petrarch and Shake speare ("caviare to the general") is an influence that iakets for refilnement, and is subtly opposed to the barbariesm which shows itself in spitting com panies at our street cornors, and in milling matches. Likowise the Beethoven night with which our cathedral organist favoured us last week. Everybody in Argyle ounnty knows Mr. Harmer to be a very capablo player: and some hold thIatSt. Saviour's organ is probably thi finest ilstraiuenr t in the colony. Beethoven is likewise kInown throughout Argyle to bn in the highest rank of composers. These throo elements then being brought into cordial conjunction we have all the tlnterial for a really enjoyable and cultivating recital: another refining influence for which the public should be, and cer tainly is, grateful. We can't afford to wait for our Beethoven until that phenomenal lain of whom your contributor speakts, and who raroely appears in Europe, comes to our shares or arines like Hamlet's ghost in our midst. We are very well contenout, as the well-filled building showed, to have the great masters reudorod to us by Mr. Harmer upon hisl fine organ ; and we are greatly obliged to him too. Hope he will give us many more Asch rocitals and that the beautifutl catllodral will more than over be a centre of refining influence, and help to cultivate our youth and to save them from spitting at street cornors and from elanging females. A friend of mine speaking of a newspaper that does' not boear the higilest of reputations' and respeootability characterised it as "'a slush- gathering rag,' On dit that a weekly paper devoted to the interest of the military and oivil services is likely soon to be established in tlie'so;mtroplis uunder the management of a well.known 'retired volunteer and oivil servant. I should say that the Mulwarroo was highor on Monday evening than it has been ineoo 1870, and a very slight additional downfall would have made a big flood. The view from Olhurch Hill was very different to that usually presoouted.'' Vernor street appeared to run down to the water; the ap proach on the iGoulburn tideo t the Lansdovwn, bridge could not b seeon ; tihe paddooks strotolhirg away to the right wore flooded; and the low-lying portions of Eastgrovo wecrt sntbmergod. The quantity of rain which fell was '34i inches, an d this brings up the average of the year very groatl'j. We should remember that to produce good. resultsweo have to look not merely to the quantity 'of rain that falls but also to tihe time at which it corses, and the nature of theo downfall. tRains may crime too early or too late, and may be so violent tha.t most of tihe water rune away. Itn the present case there is a balance of advantagoe over disadvantages, for though if such a fall Ilad occiurrod throe months earlier it would have bo'ei, of greater benefit than it is now, yet it has come at ant excollent time to stimulate the growth of summer grass and to secure good results frIitl tile uutrun crops, its well as to provide abundant water-supply for the eeason. We have only to imagine thu condition of the country if, as some antlcipated, no rain had fallen for several months longer to roalise the immense amount of good which the roontt fall is lilkoly to do. In regard to the city, though on the ono hand sonme damago has boon done to property, oil tile other hanud counteoralaucing gooid has been dous by the thorough lclaning out of filthy places, and the probable chocking of varions forms of disease. Tihets following statoment is recomnmetuded to thil attention of all interested in the subject of striltes: -The fortnightly pay att the \Valleoud colliery on Saturday last amounted to upwards of £01100, and. it is estimated that the total amount paid in wages? that day in the Newcastle collieries for tbo past fort night oxeooeded £80,000. This will give some idoea of tbhe amount lost to tCli miners by the resoont strio. In roeforouc to the letter of Mr. H. B. Watts, in your last, I thinkr it is only just to stet that our worthy P.M. receives no " extras" for attending.tbe land eorirt, but perforisa that duty by expreB odrders from'tSo authorities aitd withott additional re muuneration. During the frosh in thebo Mulwareo on Monday oveoning, the approach fromt the city to the Lane. downso bridge was under water for a considerable distenc' and to a conasidlerablo depthl; but it formed for tihe time tih only practicaloble way of renoching Eastgrovo. A residoent of that suburb wsas returning home by this route, and, perhaps with a view of couontoracting Stho efots of an exoess of cold water, Icad beeoon indulging somewhat freely in stronger potations. He was working his way along the fence at the side of the road, but coming to a " solution of continuity"-in other words, a bronla in the line -ho plunged through half up to his neook. Oboorv ing his condition, one or two good Samaritans who ,ore passing withll vehiolos, offered to take him over. But?tthe stoutly refused, saying, "I aim an English man, and will persevere or dio." And persevere he did, and spite of hiis erratio movementsomanaged to cros0 over safoly witlout nasistance. A' true John Bull, who " didn't Ikuo\v when he was beaten." IWo sre happy to II?oRt r tt r c olumn o ,rs arhs sent by eontribuitors--et coriseo RlsleOt to ditrhii If rolionl 