THEATRICAL GOSSIP. —Bijou Theatre. " Hansthe Boatman." —Theatre Royal. " It's Never Too Late to Mend." —Princess' Tlieatre. " Princess Ida." —Opera House. English and Italian Opera Company. —rAlexandra Theatre. Dampier Company. —St. George's Hall. Cogills' Minstrels. —Victoria Hall. " All-Star" Novelty Company. —Lynch Family of Bellringers. Provinces. —"Waxworks. Special attractions. —Monty Browne (final e) has gone over to Sydney. —Phil. Robinson is to war-lecture through New Zealand. —Rignold's Sydney attraction for Christmas is to be " Youth." —Fred Dart, after several years' absence, has returned to Melbourne. —Grattau Rises last week put in three good nights oil the Gippsland Hue. —Mi's Alice Dunning Lingard is booming the English provinces as Juliet. —Major Dane bas made up his mind to permanently settle down iu Sydney. —Payne, of Bairnsdale, has an idea of putting up a Miustrel show for Xma6. —The Fisk Jubilee and the Crawford-Huuter Scottish singers are in Maoriland. —Wellington (New Zealand) now boasts of an Amateur Opera ompany. Happy Wellington 1 —C. B Hicks' Coloured Minstrels are reported as haviug fine times of it in New Zealand. —The Christmas attraction at the Sydney Criterion will be Chas. Arnold and " Hans the Boatman." • • —The " Chit Chat Variety " Company, from Northern Queensland, are coming to^ive Melbourne a turn.. -—Lohr (Louis John) is in Sydney looking after the. interests of the fair elocutionist, Miss Adelaide Detchon —From the Sydney Academy of Music we learn that Harold Ashton's Company have bad a successful opening- O-r " —Sydney people are going in for a novelty at Christmas inasmuch that they'll have no pantomime there this j ear. —Lieutenant Rose (Crown-Prince-of-Germany-like) bas been suffering witha troubled throat. He^s all right again now. —Mr. Chas. Hugo and his Minstrel Company, after touring Tasmania to well-filled houses, returned to town during the week. —Mr. Charles Warner is said to have one of Travers Vales' pieces " at the cannon's mouth." <Not a bad place for some dramas.) —Imre Kiralfy is going to pay Blondin lO.OOOdol. to repeat his former famous feat of " crossing Niagara tails " on a tight rope. —The lleilly Biotbevs, a couple of song.and dance men with a big Queensland reputation, are expected to arrive in Melbourne in a, day or two. —Mr. and Mrs. George. Melville, who have been Hansom-cabbing in the provinces, are now attached to oue of Chas. AlacJlahon's Xrnas companies. —The death is reported from Queensland bf Mr. Chas. Newton, comedian.- who a 6hort time back, accompanied the Marion Willis Dramatic Company on tour. -"Marvellous Melbourne " is being written by Mr. Alfred Carney (of the Sportsman staff) and Dampier intends scoring heavily during the Christmas Cu7-?ie)/-va]. —The Japs, His Rile HighneBS Prince Bungaroo and Ku.u J tchi, have been engaged by the Hiscocks-Friedman management. Miss Magpie Tulloch is again chirruping with the same Co. EJ Miss Isabel Morris, who has been so uniformly successful since she cama auiougst us, has been reengaged by Messrs. Williamson, Garner and Musgrove up to uext Easter. —Mr. Harry Lyons left Melbourns this week for Ta6-, mania in advance for Wirtli's Cirous. Judging by the splendid success which the Circus has achieved ia Melbourne there should be a brilliant season before it .n the " tight little island." —George Riguold has fallen foul of George Leitcb, and the result is somewhat misty. Leiteh arranged to play " Lights o' Loudon " in Brisbane, on account of the non-arrival of hie " Harbour Lights" effects from Broadbeut B os., and though llignoid bad given Leitch permission to do so, G.K., desiriug to do the same himself (with tank) in Brisbane, iujuncts G.L. against producing piece. Injunction unsatisfactory, since " Harbour Lights" waB made the bone of contention instead of "Lights o' London." Both are right, of course; buf Lotah, who has, he says, a. right from Riguold to play the piece, lids not indulged fot ten "weeks in the t&>uk< ALKALI IN COCOA. — The pu'lic are cautioned apa ; usc those 1) tch Cocod.j and iheir Engli li imitation; wliidi, though called pure, contain iftout 4 percent, of added Alkali, etc.. giving the liquor a false appeamnce of strength. Cndbiiry'ti Cocoa is guaranteed to he absolutely pure \- and no iii«rc refined, itieng h-suftainiug hove'rage CHU he obtained. , —Mr. James R. Walsh's suburban black face crowd are meeting with no email measuie of success. The crowd really deserve it, for great pains are taken in riggiug up " a bob's worth." — Conjuror Kudarz is earning laulos on the West coast of New Zealand. Jlia performances are said to be remarkably clover. The sisters Vaugban Variety Show is also round about the same quarter. —Hughes and Jinkius continue coining in the Victorian provinces. They were Swiss warbling in Castlem&ine; on Monday night and are to start out towards Maoriland for the gay and festive Cbristmas. The two millions ires have our best wishes. —Mr. Chas. Holloway, one of our moBt popular Australian ac ore, is again in town looking rosy. His performances with the Bland Holt crowd havei drawn forth golden opinions from all sides. Mr. Holloway is already engaged by Bland for next year's tours. —Lestrange, of Melbourne, is not to have it all his own sweet way in the matter of the Baldwin parachute business, as Sydney has a jumping-iuto-space young roan in a Mr. J. K. Williams. While those young men are up aloft they might rattle the clouds a bit and give us the oft-prayed for rair. >—The nofmoustsche-craze has now caught on in connection with the land sale business. Higginbotham the other morning received an order to supply a number of no-oioustached young men to make up as monks. Dad rigged them up td rights, and, great was the rejoicing<as Hig. paid them seven and-sixpence a day. \- The Lynch Family Bellringers were eminently successful at Charlton. St. Arnaud and Donald, the houses being filled to overflowing. At latest dates the company were revisiting Claues, Daylesford and Castlemaine, prior to reaching Melbourne on the 21st inst. —" Circus people, acrobats, lady and gentlemen, wanted 100, Barkly-street.'' This is an advertisement from Frank Lacey that graces the amusement column of a daily paper. 100, eh? Frank must have a big show on :to require that number of people. Stay, though, it's "just possible that 100 Barkly-street may be the address at which to apply. • —M. Ottavi, chief comptroller of the Gaietd Theatre, Paris, has just confessed to having embezzled over $4000 during several, months. The worst part of the case is that suspicions having arisen, he allowed a lady cashier to be accused of the thefts and discharged. She consulted a lawyer, however, whose intervention led to the discovery of the real culprit. —Mr. Bland Holt has returned to Melbourne after a very prosperous tour of the colonies. The trip has proyed a great financial success, notwithstanding rumours circulated to the contrary by the usual smart busybodies. Mr. H.'s first night in Adelaide was about the worst house experienced, but from that- out things picked up and large attendances were the rule. —Lingard's " Trips Abroad, Russo-Turkish War and Grand Gift Enterprise," at latest was in that busy spot known as Geelong. , They have been matinee-ing at the local Exhibition Theatre, a special little item in the bill being the scattering broadcast of suites of furniture. Mr. C. F.Seaile is with the ; enterprise, but "Jimmy " is not given away. (He travels as interpreter.) Business is reported as good. -Harry Lyons shoots off ahead of Wirth's circus for Tasmania. Though the crowd were advertised in Gippsland, tbey have abandoned the idea of going there at present. This will probably be good news for the Woodward Family. Alexander has shown us some capital photos of the Wirth Co., Little Garnetthas now thrown in his lot with the -circus. Fred is a very clever youtig gentleman, and will t4ke a heap of wiping out. —The MacMahon is in great demand just now, having irons enough in the fire for Christmas to run a Chinese laundry. Charlie has three or four dramatic companies fixing up, and is regularly besieged bv actors, genuine—aye! and would-be's. There is, of course, an overwhelming regiment of the latter desirous of getting put of town for the holidays, but it is refreshing to know that Charlie has made up his mind to take out picked and responsible people only. • : —Anent" The,Lights o'London," the Brisbane Courier says:—" The drama ran very smoothly throughout, though a few little defects incidental to a first night's performahce^wer^itoVe^bserved. The hero and heroine, Harold Armytage and Bess Marks, round whose fortunes the various incidents of the play centre, were very ably represented by Mr. H.C. Sidney and MiBS Alice Norton; the former proving himself to be a powerful actor, who knows how to gain the most striking effect in each of the exciting situations with which the play abounds without exaggerating them in any way. His first scene, where he meets the squire, his father, to ask forgiveness for having left his home, at once gained for him the «ym pathies of the audieuce, which he carried with him to the end. Miss Alice Norton, a lady possessed of considerable dramatic, talent, ^was most effective in the emotional scenes, and showed to great'advantage." -We told you last issue that Hairdresser Higginbotham, on one: of his.fishiug expeditions, had caught a very scarce Jisb, a half scate and a half shark. Well it s a fact, he actually aid effect the capture—with a hook, yes and a line attached. What did Dad do ? Why, sent it up to the Museum—and any time during the day he may; now be, seenifldultshing a letter. Here it is :— "^National Museum.—Professor M'Coy, Director of the National Museum, begs to acknowledge, with thanks, the receipt of a specimen of the Fiddler Ray (rigonoshina) from Mordialloc, presented to the Museum by Mr. W. H. Higginbotham, and which will be added to the National collection as his donation. The specimen is of the male sex." There!!! Dad is of course delighted, but he thinks that Professor M'Coy might have played a little higher, and it is really a'treat to witness Dad going through bis seventeen dictionaries and carefully-getting down the columu of" R's." —Miss Kate Alma (whose recent performances in Melbourne have won for her an unusual amount of popular favour) will commence a six nights' season at the Mechanics' Institute, Geelong, on Boxing Night. She will have the support of a powerful dramatic company composed of metropolitan artistes of acknowledged ability. MSss Alma is exceptionally qualified for her profession, inasmuch as she is not only a graceful and accomplished actress, but also a cultured and beautiful vocalist. She is besides exceedingly fortunate in her personal appearance. The programmes will be most attractive>nd varied;M|hi;ly. Considerable pains Jiave been taken,iyitb AheMifi£r«nt adjuncts. Miss -Alma's coBtumes are said to be most costly and beautiful, and she will "wear no less than twenty-six different ones during the week.v'JOur Geelong friends are to be congratulated oh the doming treat, which, from our knowledge of them, we confidently prddict tbey will not be slow to. appreciate; We< expect to hear that the Mechanics' Institute has been taxed to the utmost resources :pf its holding capacity. —The long-talked of event has came off at last, and MissEsBie^eiOTSrt&B;^opular actress, is now Mrs. John R. Wodd. jrhjp5»'eadiqgceremony took place in Sydney The event excited grea,t interest. and tho press of the general public was so great that the marriage party had some difficulty in making their wjty to theshurch. Tjfe crushing both insi&e; and outside'the 'brought about several disgraceful scenes, and tnaiaJrsladies ^nd children suffered; much rough treatment, some being reduced to a fainting condition. Ih . shdrto.tha'ffrst night of a pantomimp was a perfect fool to it in comparison. Inside the building the crowd took possession of every available : space, climbed upon the pews, seats aud railings, and even iuvaded the Bishop's throne, the Dean's chair, the pulpit and the stairs leading to it. All attempts to keep the crowd within reasonable bounds proved futile, and the women as well as the men seemed to utterly to forget themselves, and to IOBB all regard for decency in tbeir eagerness to obtain a view of the bride; "After the ceremony was over the bride fainted, and had to be carried into the vestry. The confusion caused by the struggling mass of humanity crowded into the building %as BO great that the anthem, sung by the strong choir, could scarcely be heard above the dm. The fittings of the cathedral were seriously damaged, railings .being broken, pews and seats disfigured, the carved wdodworx of the pulpit broken, and gas standards borne down. The American organ was damaged, the curtains were torn down, and the handsome floral decorations provided for tlie occasion almost .entirely disappeared. A large expenditure will be required to restore the cathe- , dral furnishings to their former state.and good repair. —Dan Barry has just completed a north-western and northern tour of the large provincial towns of New South Wales, doing everywhere splendid business. InBatburst, Dubbo.Bourke, Orange, Newcastle, Goulburn, Waggaand Armidale Dan had larger houses than ever before were seen in these towns. Dan's newly- orgauised company consists of 23 performers, besides a nice compact little orchestra, and is certa : . • the largest combination that has ever travelled th^ ;. ovincml towns of Australia. The Press everywhere speaks of the company as far and away the best and most complete travelling. —A theatrical manager travelling New South Wales thus writes :—" I drop you a lino or so, merely to let you know that notwithstanding the terrible drought i am still above ground. New South Wales is in a very depressed state,in spite of which, however, I have managed payable returns. In Bathurst, Orange, Dubbo, Newcastle, Bourke, Armidale, Goulburn and Wagga I did particularly well, taking all things into consideration. This, too, mind you, on top of the fact that my exes, have been pretty big. A feature is made of our billing. There are several theatrical manager's joys (.e., circus managers) buzzing around this quarter, and I bad the pleasure of playing against them on more than one occasion. There are also a couple of small dramatic shows on the road. Business is only so so." —Mr. I - suggested - this - and-I - suggested - that - to-Mr- Thing-'amy is at it again in his moments of inspiration. J n alluding to one of our popular Melbourne actresses he jumps off at railway excursion speed thus, " J" believe I am not far wrong in saying that , who know r.beir business and would not let such an opportunity slip, will secure Miss for a lengthy season." Good, but why can't Mr. I settle the whole business at once by having the engagement mide right away? But the really inspired gem is, as " I" states, " That's about as far as 'I' can go safely, but I think that you will find 'that ' I' am not far wrong." Thank Heaven! and so say all of us. This j'ust shows how some people get hold of a wrong impression occasionally. Mr. 1 iB evidently troubled with^the Hohenlinden complaint, his "I's are rolling rapidly " —The Era says:—" Mr. Barry Sullivan, who, we hear, with deep sorrow, is now lying on his death-bed, has been very modest iii bis interviews with reporters about his private exploits; but we recall a noble action of his when a young and rising actor in Cork, which, we believe, has never been published, and the present time is, perhaps, suitable for its revival. Mr. Sullivan, when passing down one of the principal streets of Cork to his histrionic duties, came to a crowd round a house on lire, and heard it said that a' little girl, the daughter of a leading physician of the city, was in jeopardy of her life within. Impulsively bursting through the smoke and flames, tbe young actor reached tihe room where the child was, and succeeded in getting her safe out of the house. He then departed amidst the cheers of the mob, but without giving his name. It, however, leaked out who had been the hero of the gallant rescue, and the next evening the theatre was filled by a fashionable audience, in the midst of which sat the doctor and his daughter. When Mr. Sullivan appeared on the stage the whole audience rose to their feet, and gave him three hearty cheers, the ladies waving their liandkerchiefs enthusiastically." —Some managers ardently think that " Ob, any tbing'll do for the country," but these are just a trifle out of their reckoning. A crowd, with a big metropolitan reputation, started ou the road a short time back. Here's what a local journal says:—" There was only a half-filled house at the Mechanics' Theatre on Tuesday evening to •witness a performance by Blank Blank's Company, and those who remained away may accept the assurance that they did not miss a great J al. In the first place the company was not nearly as strong as on the occasion of their performance a few months i go, and the.arrangement of the programme could not have been worse. The performance opened with a farce which has been played here on several previous occasions, and there was very little variation throughout the programme. The individual efforts of some of the performers were highly appreciated, but owing to ike very evident demonstrations of chagrin exhibited by the audience at the absence of — , which there was every reason to think 'accom panied the troupe, the performance generally felt flat and stale. No programmes were given to the audience, and generally the whole affair was not creditable to the managers, who hitherto have a reputation for keeping faith with the public." Put that in your pipe and smoke it. —Billy Arrowsmith's one-lime pard of Broken Hill is now in Melbourne, and in hot water. He has become mixed up in a case, resulting in some extraordinary d is closures aE to the method o business adopted by leading jewellers, which occupied the attention of tbeCity Court one day last week. A. M'Phee, a young man of good appearance, was presented on live charges of obtaining money by false pretences from different jewellers in tbe citv It transpired in evidence that the accused had originally been a bank clerk in Sydney, but that, yielding to an unfortunate attraction for the stage and stage ladies he threw up his situation and enrolled himself in the ranks of a travelling theatrical company. His career on the boards consisted of, at least, a short life, if not a particularly merry one, but it lasted sufficiently long to give him the goodwill of a Mi6S Alice Montague, whose golden locks and pretty figure were just then enchanting the rugged buzzums of the mimug population Finding theatrical business at its worst, M Phee and Miss Montague shook the dust of Broken Hill from their feet and betook themselves to Melbourne, where, uuder the names of Mr. and Mrs. Montague and Mr. and Mra Fitzgerald, they stayed at different bote s and coffee palaces. Things went on pleasantly enough for a time, but coming at last to the end of his resources, MPbee waB compelled to seek some means of making " the ghost walk." Apparently he had but little trouble in managing tli.fi, as he was able to make a number of valuable presents of jewellery to his companions. A week later, however, be was arrested, and lodged in the Citv watch-house on a charge of obtaining goods by false uretences His modus operandi was astonishingly easy. He simply called at a first-class jeweller's, represented that he had been sent by a customer to select some articles of jewellery, and was allowed without question to inspect the stock. M'Phee had a discriminating taste, and the ornaments picked out by him were in variably as uerfect in design as they were costly. Then he Lnaered a cheque in payment; but here the oblig ng shopman, •with a keen eye to future business, protested against so direct a settlement. - The firm could not think of accepting money m that fash,on; it was opposed to all business principles. Would Mr. M'Phee on v be kind enough to take such jewellery as he pleased for bis patron's inspection? He could keep such as pleased her fancy and return the remainder" The StfifTflipfl cheaue was politely moved aside, ana Mi. M'Phee would go away with £50 or £60 worth of jewellery. If he had never returned, probably no one but a, jeweller would have been surprised. But it is recorded that he did return, that he tendered back a portion of the jewellery, «nd paid for the remainder by cheque. Unfortunately these cheques were invariably dishonoured; and so, after a week's experience of the blind confidence usual in the jewellery business, Mr M'Phee found himself in durance vile, and stripped at one fell swoop of name, fame and fortune. After evidence enough to make forty blooming manuscripts had been taken, the further hearing of the cases was adfourned until Monday next. The one-time parp was committed for trial. 