Our Railway balance-sheet for the year ended 30th June has been laid upon the table of the Assembly. The gross earnings for the year were £2,756,049 as against a total of £2,453,077 for the previous year. In connection with this must be taken the fact that in ISS6-7 the average mileage open was 1791 miles, while in 1887-8 it was 1947, so that the earn ings per mile are about the same as in the previous year. This of course means that the greatly increased traffic on the older lines made up the deficiency on lines of development which will not at first pay their way. The expendi ture calculated at per train mile would have been almost the same as for the previous year but that a heavy item of compensation is added to the latter account. The cost of the Windsor accident is somewhat quaintly put in the returns as about 3|d per train mile run during the year. The figures, of course, include all compensation paid during the annual period, but compared with the Windsor claims all others were insignificant. At the end of the year the national indebtedness on account of railways was £26,425,706 being an increase of nearly six millions over the amount of the debit account five years ago. The net amount paid in the year for interest and charges was £1,056,711. The net revenue is stated to be equal to 3-79. per cent, upon £26,465,817, which is entered as the total expenditure on lines actually at work. We are in several places re minded, that, only for the unfortunate catastrophe at Windsor, the balance sheet would have looked much better, as no less than £128,988. has been withdrawn from the railway rev enue to meet the claims which arose, out of it. The Commissioners consider the only unsatisfactory feature in the year’s repgrtto be the reduction of the net working results owing to this heavy burden. The recommendation embodied in the next previous annual report of the Commissioners, that legis lation should be provided to avert such abnormal strains upon the railway exchequer, is repeated in the pages before us with great emphasis. The Commissioners recognise that the net earnings of our national railway lines will never be allowed to increase very far, because as soon as there, is a surplus there are constant claims for reduction of rates. This being so, it is clear that the department will never be allowed to accumulate a sinking or contingency fund , which, might be resorted to in ease of such an affair as that at Windsor. It is, there fore, only reasonable that the' Parlia ment which, indirectly attaches the net profits as fast as they- are realised, should devise some scheme for reliev ing the ordinary railway revenue of sudden and most disturbing claims. No good purpose can be served by discussing the merits, of the various schemes already suggested to meet the difficulty, as no legislation with regard to it will be undertaken this session. If, however, another Windsor calamity—or, perhaps, a still more terrible one—happens in the meantime, the country, will have reason to appreciate still more earnestly the work' of the band of obstructionists who have. made useful legislation almost impossible. The Commissioners state that, since they assumed control of- the Victorian railways, concessions of lower fares and freights have been made up to a total (including those made last year) of £450,000 per annum. With reference to the de mand for yet greater concessions in the ratesfor the carriageof wheat,the report states that if the extreme step of carry ing wheat for less than the cost of haulage were adopted, yet the farmers would gain only a little by it. Accord ing to Hayter’s statistics as to the number of agricultural holdings, and the amount of wheat grown, the Com missioners arrive at the conclusion that a reduction of one-half the present freight rates on wheat,* which would leave the revenue heavily deficient, would at the same time only represent about £4 4s to each agricultural hold ing, an amount which, the Commis sioners think, is far too small to deter mine whether wheat- growing can be carried on at a profit or not. There was another non sequitur in the Assembly on Thursday over the vote for Lunatic Asylums. The only element of interest in a needlessly pro longed discussion was the evidence that the House will endorse the Covern ment proposal to remove the present asylums to more suitable localities fur ther in the country. For the rest the motley of complaints and suggestions made by hon. members, not ouly led to nothing, but were never -in tended to lead anywhere. The result was the almost inevit able—“ The item was agreed to,” as an epitaph upon an hour or two of wasted time. The Government have fully shown that they are making themselves acquainted with the most humane and successful methods of dealing with the insane, as developed by the researches and labors of ardent philanthropists in the older countries of the world, and the}' also show that they are prepared to adopt those methods which have been tried and not found wanting. In the circumstances it must have been peculiarly tire some to have • second-hand information and advice gravely tendered by hon. members whose duty and inclina tion would not suggest the acquisition of special knowledge on the subject. In the progress of the Estimates the brake is constantly applied in this way, but the country would thank hon. members if in the discussion on the Estimates, they would not persist in laboriously informing the House they have nothing to say. It is estimated that the voting power of the electoral district of Ballarat East will be reduced by about 5000 votes iu the event of the Electoral Bill becoming law. A strong protest is to be raised by leading re sidents of the town against -the proposal to excise a portion of the present electoral ter ritory, aud it is understood that an indigna tion meeting will be held next week to urge for an amendment in the measure as far as it relates to the cutting off of that portion of the electorate situated along Bumffray street aud around the Black Hill Flat. Iu Ballarat East it is thought that the Govern ment have acted uujustly iu qualifying Bal larat West for two members at the expense of the towu electorate. The champion boat race, which was rowed yesterday afternoon ou the Parramatta, for £lOOO aside was, we were yeterday informed by telegram, won by Kemp, who defeated Hanlau, the Canadian, by five lengths. Both men were in the pink of condition. The race, which was for the championship of the world, caused great excitement in Sydney, aud sporting men iu Victoria and other colonies also looked forward anxiously to result of the aquatic contest. A successful exhibition .of the electric lighting plant which has recently been added to the Mount Pleasant Observatory, through the liberality of Mr James Oddie, was given last evening. The plant, as has been before remarked, is one of the most complete of its kind in Australia. The electricity is generated by a dynamo driven by a small four-horse power steam engine, and stored in a 28-cell storage battery. Sufficient electricity can thus be generated in one day to supply lighting power for the establishment for three weeks. When the battery is charged and the dynamos at work, the plant is capable of keeping alight 100 50-candle power lamps, or light equal in all to that supplied by 5000 candles. The lamps are arranged most conveniently over the building, and are lighted or extin guished by the simple turning of a button on a wall. Captain Baker has also designed a new resistance coil, by means of which the intensity of the light may be simply and easily increased or diminished. Last evening about 64 lamps were burning, sup plying a light altogether of 3200 candle power. Of these, 36 fifty candle- power lamps were shown in a group from the north western end’ of the Observatory building, forming a bright beacon to the city, and throwing a strong light all arouud. A large number of persons took advantage of the general invitation to be present, aud Mr John Robson addressed a few words to those present. Not long since he had handed over the Observatory on behalf of Mr Oddie, and scarcely thought at the time that he would soon have to report another addition to the plant. He referred in high terms to the philanthropy and liberality of Mr Oddie in establishing such an institution. It had been at first intended to have the gas laid on the Observatory, but the idea had struck Mr Oddie to light the place with electricity and he had purchased this plant at a cost of some hundreds of pounds. Captain Baker had shown a great deal of iugeuuity iu fitting up the apparatus, with out any assistance, and .with no previous technical knowledge of it. He (Mr Robson) had great pleasure in handing over the plant on behalf of Mr Oddie. Cheers were then given for Mr Oddie and for Captain Baker. Mr Henry Sutton made a few interesting and instructive remarks on the theory of electric lighting, aud complimented Captain Baker on the manner in which the plant had beeu fitted up. The place was then thrown open for inspection to those who desired to do so, and subsequently some light refresh ments were partaken of. As the meeting of the association held last evening in Melbourne, the dispute be tween the Ballarat and South clubs was' brought forward. A letter was read from South Ballarat, claiming the match as a draiv. The letteu was not received, and a motion by Mr Hunt, of Melbourne, to pro ceed’ to next business was carried. Mr Graham, Essendon, asked how the secretary of association had recorded the match; and he was informed that it had been recorded as a win for Ballarat. The secretary of the association declined to receive the protest from the Ballarat, it being considered un necessary. Should South Ballarat enter a protest it will be considered at the next meeting of the association. The official opening of the Ballarat Race course to Springs railway will take place on Monday next, when it is expected that the Preioier, Chief Secretary, aud other celebri ties will be present. A banquet will be held at the termiuus to celebrate the event. The train will leave Ballarat between’!! a.m. and 12 noon on Monday. - Mr J. C. Molloy, of St. Paul’s school, Ballarat East, has, we are .informed, refused the position’of bead master of the East Sandhurst school. It is probable that the post of head teacher of the Urquhart street State school, rendered; vacaut through the retirement of Mr Lowther, will be’offered to Mr Strachan, and should he refuse, the ap pointment will be placed at the disposal of Mr Molloy, who,. it is understood, will accept tlie promotion. Mr Molloy is now on a month’s leave of absence.' . The stumps of the ghm-trees cut down in the block in Sturt street, between .Dawson and Lyonß streets, presented a somewhat peculiar appeaaance: yesterday. ’Nearly’all the stamps bore an inscription to the. follow ing effect:—“ Sacred to -the memory of the city conncillerß." Some of the inscriptions mentioned specially the-names of the in dividual-members for the Central ward, while others were labelled—“ Satan finds some mischief still for idle hand3 to do.” Mr Loivther, the respected teacher, yester day severed his connection with the Urqu hart street State school. During the after uoou he said “ good bye” to both teachers aud pupils, and there was general regret at the withdrawal from the scholastic circle of a gentleman who had endeared himself to -all. Mr Lowther, who has spent many years of his life in . the teaching profession, retires after a successful career. He has attained the age stipulated by the Public Service Act. The rills of the Ballarat Fish Acclimatisa tion Society are at present well stocked, the whole of the eggs placed in the boxes some time ago having come to maturity. It is estimated that the young fish now swimming iu the rills uumber about-40,000. A full reheasal of the opera of Lucrezia Borgia, chorus, band and principals, will be held in the Alfred Hall, on Mouday evening, at half-past seven o’clock sharp. Judging from the great interest which is being takeii by the public -in the matter, the Academy of Music promises to be crowded Monday night next, on the occasion of the Wendouree Bowing Club Benefit. The torchlight procession, by the-City, Bullarat. and Soldiers’ Hill Fire Brigades, and their associated bands, will start from iCrenville street, at a quarter past seven. The annual camellia and bulb show in connection with the Ballarat Horticultural Society was held yesterday. The display of flowers was, on the whole, an excellent one, though the quality of the camellias was by no means up to the average. This defect, however, was made up for by the excellence of the exhibits in other classes. The pansies were especially good, as were also, the cinerarias, cyclamens, narcissi, and other flowers. The vegetables also were, if anything, even superior to the high standard of excellence usually seen at similar shows. Mr Nicholson has sent us a lengthy letter in reference to what transpired between Mr Ross aud himself regarding the pollarding of the trees in Lydiard street north; aud cer tainly Mr Nicholson’s version of the matter goes to show that he did not treat Mr Ross discourteously. A farmers’ excursion train from Casterton and Merino passed through Ballarat for Melbourne yesterday. The train was a very large one, drawn by two engines, and each carriage was filled with passengers. The one-armed bellman and town-crier of Broken Hill, who was arrested aud detained for several days by the police on suspicion of being implicated in the Elmore murder, is (says an exchange) said to have gone out out of his mind, because of the treatment he received. He now wanders about Broken Hill in a state of lunacy, constantly ex- claiming, “I’m a one-armed man, but I’m no murderer.” Mr M. D. Moss, of Sturt street, agent for the Equitable Life Assurance Society, is about to leave for Melbourne, aud his place in Ballarat will be filled by Mr Bethune. The Licensing Court will sit this morning at the Lydiard street Court-house, when a number or applications for transfer will be dealt with.' Eulch’s Model Band played a select pro gramme in the Sturt street rotunda last night. The performance was largely at tended. A Melbourne correspondent twites:—“lt is net often that one discovers a novel argu ment set forth by a railway deputation. Yet this has happened this week. The deputa tions which waited upon the Minister of Railways last Wednesday, to urge the con struction of connecting links runuing through thc'couutry round Daylesford, in order to make a short crosscut to link the western with the Sandhurst main line, utilised as their principal argument an old railway bill drawn as far back as 1555 and 1556, and which had secured the approval of Sir Andrew' Clarke, Mr Mais, aud Mr Darby shire. This ghost of the past appears to have been a prophet, for in forecasting the lines of railway communication by which Victoria was to be opened up, it took into account the very Hues which are now being agitated for as loops between the main trunk cues. Mr Cooper, the Chairman of Com mittees, has been credited with having raised the ghost, which certainly seems to he j one which can he utilised with admirable effect to frighten a Minister with.” j An enquiry was held yesterday by Mr J. Murray', J.P., touching the death of a man uamed Michael Rowau, a resident of Bun garee. The deceased had been suffering i from congestion of the lungs for some time, and was brought into the Hospital on Wed- ] nesday'. He had, however, only been in that institution an hour or two when he died. The medical testimony showed that death resulted from natural causes, and Mr Murray recorded his opiuiou iu accordance with this evidence., Mr Charles Dyte, of Ligar street, reports that 13 duck eggs, which were being hatched by au ordinary fowl, have been stolen from a shed at the rear of his premises. On several occasions during the past few months nocturnal visits have been paid Mr Dyte’s fowibouse. For some time cats, which abound in the neighborhood, were thought to be the unwelcome iutruders, hut it was ascertained latterly that the thief belongs to the biped class of midnight prowlers who are partial to the roast fowl and eggs. Mr Dyte has mounted a spring gun iu his yard, so the next nocturnal visit to the yard of the ex legislator may prove a memorable one for the thief. | {The foundations for the Tom Moore statue are completed, and everything is now in readiucss for the base and other work necessary to display and support the. figure of the celebrated poet. The home of the Prison Gate Biigade in Ballarat East has done much good during the winter now closing. . A large number of cases have beeu relieved, and in numerous instances applicants were assisted in obtaining situations. The home has just undergone renovation, and the improvements effect to the facade of the building has given the place quite an imposing appearance. George Illman, George B. Sargent, and John S. Chailes, three erstwhile inmates of the P,ev. W. L. Morton’s Home, were brought up at the City Police Court yester day morning on a charge of trespassing on the premises of Hope Lodge, aud ueglecting to leave on being warned to do so by W. L. Jones, on behalf of the owner. It appeared from the evidence that the trio had been expelled from the lodge on the previous morning owing to misconduct and breaches of the rules of the institution. They re turned, however, late at night aud refused to leave. The bench sentenced each of the offenders to a week’s imprisonment. The first annual meeting of subscribers to the Miners’ Rest aud Dowling Forest Me chanics’ Institute aud Free Library was held at the hall, on Tuesday evening last. Mr John Dalgleish occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance of members. The balance-sheet showed the total receipts to be £506 6s, and the expenditure—less a credit balance of £25 6s sd—amounted to a like sum. The auditors, Messrs M'Donald and ' Blennerhassett, testified to the correctness of the accounts. The balance-sheet, together with the reports of the committee and .auditors, was received and adopted. Mr John Dalgleish was elected president; Mr J - Blennerhassett, vice-presideut; Mr S. Trend, Ivon, secretary and treasurer; and the follow ing gentlemen members of committee:— Messrs Cox, Fisher, Kennedy, Moore, Wil liamson, Galloway, and Wilkins. Messrs D. M'Donald and W. Edwards were elected auditors. It-was resolved to have the re ports, &c.;, printed, and a copy sent to each, subscriber. . At the CitA Police Court yesterday morn ing Miss Violet Potts was sued by Messrs Susman, Korribliim, and Cos., furniture dealers, for £22 ISs lid, goods and chattels sold and delivered, goods bargained and sold, use aud hire of chattels, and work and labor done. Mr Fiulayson appeared for the plaintiffs, and Mr Shaw for the defendant, who did not appear. Mr Shaw, bn behalf of his client, consented to an order for the amount sued for, with £2 7s costs, in de fault distress. A number of other debt cases were also dealt with;- - ‘ Mr Day the well-known bacon enrer, of Eureka street, was again successful in taking prizes for bacon aud.hams at the Grand National Show, St. Aruaad, also first prize for small goods. - • One of : the. oldest residents of Wallace, Bungaree, Mr Thomas Conroy,' departed this life on Thursday morning, at his son’s residence, Wallace. Mr Conroy,"who was about 92 years old and a native of Ireland, came. to the colonies 25 years ago, and settled down in .the forest, where, by hard work and perseverance, he was very success ful as a farmer. Notwithstanding his great age, lie -was hale, and retained his mental faculties almost to the time of his death. He was highly respected by. all who hnew him. Alfred Bock, licensee of Bock’s hotel, Alfredton, was proceeded against at the City Police Court yesterday on a charge of ■ Sunday trading. The alleged offence was committed on Sunday, 16th instant. The defendant did not appear, and a fine oi £2 was inflicted. The last football match between local clubs for the preseut season 'will be played this afternoon on the Saxon paddock, when tlie South Ballarat aiid Ballarat Imperial teams meet. The match will finally decide the local premiership, so that there will, no doubt, be a large number of spectators to witness the contest. The Bal larat Club, will be engaged in the metropolis, playing their return match against the Port Melbourne Club. Dr Woinarski has kindly consented to examine the St. John Ambulance class, which has just closed. The examination will take place at the School of Mines on Tuesday next, at 4 o’clock. Two trifling accidents were treated at the Hospital yesterday, namely, John Leech, 15 years of age, a resident of South street, suf fering from an incised wound on a finger, caused by a tomahawk; and Florence Mar garet Glims, eight years of age, oi Victoria street, suffering from crushed fingers, the injnrj’ having been sustained whilst the child was playing see-saw. The evening train from Stawell was again behindhand last night—half an hour on this occasion. Mr Yates, the stationmaster, did what he could iu the matter, and the last train for Melbourne was got away very little after the fixed time. The cause of the delay was a goods train drawn by a “ D” engine at reduced speed. Mr Percy S. M’Donnell, captain of the Australian Pleven which has just concluded its tour in England, has determined upon retiring fiom the cricket field at the end of the approaching Australian season. In their annual report the Railway Com missiouers state that, excluding those lines iu hand, only 13S miles of the 11S9 miles authorised under the last Railway Construc tion Act remain to be completed. • The tea meeting held at Nerrina in aid of St. James’s Church was the most success ful that has been got up for mauy years. Archdeacon Allanby has been working in this district sedulously for over 20 years, and retains the support and good wishes of the people as firmly as ever. Owing to the shifting character of many of the residents —which is felt more or less in all mining localities—St. James’ has had some trying times, but, through all, she has survived, and is now' making steady progress under the careful management and interest of the local committee. After the tables had been loaded and uuloaded twice, they were taken away, and the room was arranged for a lecture entitled “ Brief, bright, and brave, or the career of Bishop Hannington,” by the Anglican Bishop of Ballarat. The room was crowded to excess, and the company listened intently to the lecturer, who dealt with the subject in an able and feeling manner, graphically sketching the life of the noble Hainungtou from his birth to his martyr dom. At intervals, the choir reudered some music, and after the usual votes of thanks the proceedings terminated with “ God save the Queen.” At the Church of England Assembly on Thursday, the Rev. H. B. Macartney moved —“ That this assembly has heard with the greatest satisfaction the expression of the bishop’s approval of the scheme to introduce into the State schools of Victoria'selected passages of God’s holy word, to be committed to memory from day to day by the scholars, without exposition or comment, and pledges itself to promote the project by every means iu its power.” The Rev. H. F. Scott pro posed as an amendment- that the last clause in the motion should be cancelled, and that the motion should read as follows: —This assembly .... most respectfully re quests the bishop to take such steps as he may deem expedient to give effect to this motion.” The motion as amended was carried. There was an attendance of about 600 in the Town Missiou Hall on Thursday night, at the entertainment in aid of Mrs Brown and family. Mr Ham, M.L.C., could not preside, but sent a cheque as an apology. Mr Tucker ulso handed in a good donation. The singing was well sustained by the fol lowing, viz.:—Miss Bear, two solos; Misses Feary and Leonard, duet; Mrs Kirby and Mr Phillips, two duets; Miss Furlong and Mr Booth, duet; Miss Bastin and Mr Field, solos. The Misses Lavis pluyed excellently' on the piano a duet and solo. The accom panists were Miss Wightwick, Miss Lavis, Miss Mitchell, and Mr Field. The Christian Brass Band enlivened the proceedings with three pieces in good styie. Several mem bers of the M.E.E. class, consisting of Messrs IV. Smith, Crosby, Abbey, Grenfell, F. Johns, and A. Trevena, assisted by Miss A. Trembath, acted a very amusing aud in structive dialogue, entitled “ \V. Wildairs Birthday Party.” The Rev. Mr Edwardes, of St. Stephen’s, made some pithy remarks on practical sympathy in moving a vote of thanks to all who assisted to make the effort a success. Mr Ritchie seconded the vote, and the meeting closed with the National Anthem and benediction. The net proceeds will be about £33. A bill has been introduced into the Legis lative Council by Mr Connor to provide for the destruction of sparrows. It is proposed that tiie Board of Land aud Works shall be required to suppress sparrows ou unoccupied Crown lands, and that the work of suppress ing aud destroying these birds in municipal districts shall be entrusted to the local councils. The colonial story entitled “The Mystery of a bauson cab” is the subject of a Supreme Court action. Jessie Pearson Dove Taylor, wife of George Nicholson Taylor, manager of the Land Credit Bank (says the Age) claims an injunction to restrain Kemp aud Boyce from publishing the book. The plaintiff states that the copyright was assigned to hor by the author, Fergus Wright Hume, but the defendants say that before he left the colony for England Hume sold them the right of publishing 10,000 copies, which they had not completed when this action was commenced. An order was on Thursday sought’ to have Mrs Tay'lor, aud the manager for Kemp and Boyce, who are nil in the old country, examined on commission, and the application was granted. An Auckland telegram states that four' seaman belonging to the steumer Kahn have been drowned at Napier through a boat cap sizing. The Melbourne correspondent of the Ararat Advertiser \vrites: —“I hear that a duel a I’outranee is anticipated at Creswick at the next election between Mr Anderson, the "sitting member, and Mr Richardson. The genial Audcrson, who is the most skil ful man at handling a deputation I ever met with in my experience, thinks there will be a knock out in one round and that he won’t be the knockeo.” The following items appear in the schedule of the bill introduced iuto the Assembly by Mr Gillies for appropriating £1,092,917 out of the railway loan account for ISBS for the purpose of co’ustructiou of new lines of rail ways:—Melbourne to Echuca, £25,391; Sandhurst to Wycheproof and Boort branch, £3263; Eaglehawk to Kerang, £2050; towards new railway offices, £75,000; towards re-arrangement of stations, Mel bourne, £200,000; West Melbourne, towards proposed railway dock, &c.;, £40,000; towards accommodation for the receiving, carrying, and delivery of dairy produce, £150,000; towards engine and .repairing sheds, fuel platforms, &c.;, in country districts, £50,000; sundry alterations aud additions to various stations aud to meet urgent contingencies, £40,000; rolling stock, £300,000. The Police Gazette contains the following announcements: —“Iu view of the recent decision of the Full Court in Reg. v. Panton, it will, in future, be necessary for the police to obtain an authority from the local governing bodies in all cases of prosecution under the first part of section 30 of Act 265 (Extracts No. 2), or under any regulation-made under Act 630 (Extracts No. 166) by the Council of. any city, town, borough, or shire. Ithas already been ruled that no member of the force must prefer a charge, under any ordinary municipal bye law, uules3 he holds an appointment as officer-of the municipality, or is authorised, in writing, by the municipal authorities to prosecute iu that particular ease.” Iu addition (says the Guardian ) to the gentlemen mentioned in our last issue as more than probable candidates should it be erected into a separate con stituency, may be placed the names of-Crs Pitcher aud Meyers.- We record the name of the junior councillor first-in order be cause he informs us that whoever stands he will be a candidate, aud likewise because it is not definitely determined whether he will not contest the electorate'Of .Creswick as a whole in case' of its non- division by the re jection of the Electoral Bill. On the other hand, Cr Meyers," tve learn, will not seek Parliamentary honors as representing Clunes in opposition to our present member, Mr Cooper. Should any circumstance arise, however, which would induce Mr Cooper to go in for either of the other constituencies at present included in "the boundaries of the existing electoral district, then Cr Meyers will be in the running against all comers for “ the Clune3 stake.” 