MERCHANT STEAMERS AS CRUISERS. The object; of Great Britain in forming the If aval Reserve was twofold : to enrol a set of seafaring men who should be capable of being drafted into the ships of -war, and to have men at command who should be able to man ships of the merchant navy when turned into armed cruisers. For the former purpose the force would be nearly useless on a sudden outbreak of war, because it consists of persons who are getting their livelihood in all quarters of the globe, and only that portion which happened to be at home would be available for the Royal Navy. When the outbreak of war ?was last expected several large mer chant steamers were taken under contract by the Admiralty, and it is well under stood that in the event of war thia kind of vessel is to be turned into cruisers to act in aid of the ships of war. If these ships are to be taken off their accustomed routes and to cruise about gaining information as to the position of the enemy and giving warning to the Queen's ships and merchant ships, it is important that the hired cruisers should be officered and manned by men of the Naval Reserve, who understand gunnery. Thia alone would point to a large extension of the reserve. What la of far more importance, however, is that all English and colonial merchant ships should know the cruising ground of the merchant cruisers, and be able to fall in with them without much deviation on both the outward and home ward voyages, It is only by doing so that, if war breaks out suddenly and the cables are cut, the trading Bhips can be made aware of the fact or can shun the enemy's stations and avoid becoming a prey. For thia purpose a code of signals will have to be arranged consisting of simple diBtance-signals suitable for day and for night to give warning of danger, and of other signal** for less simple com munications. These clearly ought not to be the ordinary mercantile code signals nor the Royal Navy signals, and they should be capable of change from time to time. The outward and home routes] for ships are now prafety uniformly fixed by experience and con venience, and there are certain poiut3 of the ocean where both outward-boond and homeward-bound ships converge, and these would be chosen as the cruising grounds of the vessels that are to give and receive informatioa. They would either cruise in couples, one fetching in telligence from time to time from an agreed point to give to the other, or a single cruiser would be the recipient and depository of news conveyed at short in tervals by an Admiralty dispatch-boat. In this manner ships going either way might receive assurance of aafety or be warned of danger, the safest course and the best port of refuge being, in the latter case, suggested. The difficulty in the way of carrying out this plan is little other than want of management. The Admiralty, as is plain from recent disclosures, have recently been without method as to their prime business of managing the Queen's Navy, and it is not to be expected that they have yet matured any plans for utilizing the mercantile marina. At present there are about 18,000 men and boys enrolled in the Naval Reserve, who report them selves for drill for twenty-eight days per annum at the naval station nearest to which they may happen to be. Those at home are drilled with the coastguard, who number 4,000 men, at- one of the nine chief stations occupied by this corps of ancient royal mariners. To draft the whole of this reserve into the Queen's ships of war on a sudden declaration of war would be a great mistake. Other men can be got for the Queen's ships, and the reserve properly belongs to the merchant navy and is the only force that can man its armed cruisers. There is one very obvious mode of utilizing the existing reserve and at the same time increasing the numbers both of officers and men. It is to insert a clause in any new oversea mail contracts requiring the vessel to carry the blue ensign and comply with the regulations for so doing. The captains could easily spare time to qualify as lieutenants — the highest rank — by having leave of absence from the owners for one voyage out and home ; and there are already thirty-seven lieutenants and 101 sub-lieutenants. The crew would then be drilled at intervals on the voyages under the Bams officers who were in charge of the ship. This would vastly increase the Naval Reserve, and would keep officers and men together, instead of, as now, there being here and there a Naval Reaerve officer in a ship without a single Naval Reserve man in it, and in another ship a few reserve men mixed with the crew without a single reaerve officer to command them, and, even if there were an officer to command them, he being of no use unless in charge of the ship and unless the ship carried the blue ensign. Indeed, it is a question whether, if a merchant vessel not carrying the ensign fired a shot in anger, the enemy would not be justified in hanging the captain after taking the ship. Another need of almost equal importance to the engaging officers and seamen, and keeping them together, is the engagement of engineers and firemen, These people are* troublesome, partly because they cannot be described as sailors, and partly because on board a steamer they are ' masters of the situa tion,' and, therefore, they ought to be secured to the service at the earliest moment. At. present there are only three engineer officers In the reserve. Again, it is usually _ understood that the efficiency of any disciplined body depends very much upon its haying a proper com plement of efficient non-commissioned officers ; but in the Naval Reserve there is not one such officer appointed. The force includes men of every grade of capacity and. experience, from boatswain down ward?. Unless the Admiralty makes these appointments, or the captain of a merchanfc cruiaer has power to do eo, his crew will, for fighting purposes, be little better than » rabble. This question of improving; the. Naval 'Reserve and ^utilizing the merchant navy is of great importance to the mothe*' eountry and of corresponding importance to her colonies ; in fact, the more distant the colony the more momentous does the question become to that colony. The object in arming a merchantman is not to j enable her to fight a man-of-war, but to enable her to protect herself and other ships against an enemy's armed merchant man. Our merchant-cruiBer to protect herself from a warship must rely upon her speed, in which she would almosc always excel. Her speed is precisely the quality which makes her valuable for defensive purposes. She can outrun any heavily armed vassal and give timely notice of its approach. Thi3 is where she is chiefly of use to a dis tant coloDy. In the frequented seas which surround the mother country the many passenger and trading steamers plying east, south, and west would be able to give early advice of the approach of a hostile man-of-war. But on the Austra lian coast neither the people on shore nor the Queen's ships cruising outside could rely on such sources of warning, and it ib important to enlist in the service all the good ships we have and to employ others specially to watch the seas and act as mes sengers. On the outbreak of war the telegraphs would at once be cut and their silence might be our first warning. This would mean a gain to the enemy of an advantageous start which might endure for any time fromadaytosis weeks, andnothing but a sharp look-out could prevent that period being employed in the destruction of our commerce. In this connection we need hardly say that the question of pro tecting our coaling stations assumes an increased importance. That they ought to be protected is already conceded, and that nothing has been done towards this protection is an admitted fact. But there is another part of the casa which has not been considered, and that is how the coal is to be got to the ships ? It will be folly to require the ships engaged in cruising at distant points to leave their crolsing grounds to fetch coal, thereby throw ing out of gear all the arrangements for meeting them at that place for the giving or receiving information. The coal must be carried to them by steam colliers provided with proper means for putting the coal on board. This arrangement, like all the rest, is among the things which 'my lords of the Admiralty' have yet to make. These and all the many details for the utilization of the merchant navy, which might with equal justice be called ' details of colonial defence,' are things which should be understood by every colonist. Since immediate provision for them is what the colonies are entitled to urge, and what their public men are bound to urge upon the Home Government, we neither wish to be driven to sever from the mother country in order to escape from the tlows of her enemies and from quarrels to which we are no party, nor do we desire any 'declaration of independ ence' to arise from her wilful neglect; but if we are to share in Great Britain's dangers we must have fair consideration from her. With proper precautions the British Empire has advantages over every other maritime Power, because it has so many merchantmen on every sea; but with out making arrangements to utilize this advantage it may suffer at the hands of the weakest maritime Power which chooses to organize a fleet of hired cruisers. The Ibbigahon Colonies. — Among the settlers in the new irrigation colony set on foot by the Messrs. Chaffey at Mildura is Mr. W. B. Christie, Editor of a local newspaper called the Irrigationist, Animated by a laudable thirst for in formation, which appeara to have been stimulated by the action of the Messrs. Chaffey in starting a rival journal, Mr. Christie wrote to a Victorian mem ber of Parliament aqTring him to procure a copy of the agreement made with the founders of the colony. The reasons for the request were set oat at some length, one or two ]of them being of a private but the majority of them of a public character. Thia letter came into the hands of Mr. C. E. Jones, another member, who recently paid a visit to Ade laide, and by him it was handed to us for publication, not only without reserve, but accompanied by an assurance that it would be no breach of faith to print it. This assurance seems to have been without warrant, for the appearance of the letter in our columns h**** been the signal for strong protests by the writer, who condemns in unmeasured terms the conduct of Mr. Jones in the matter. With that aspect of the case we have nothing to do, but in the criticisms to which the agreement is subjected South Australia by reason of her relations with Messrs. Chaffey is deeply interested. It is well known that the contract entered into with the Victorian Government in respect of Mildura la sub stanially the same a3 that entered into with the South Australian Government in respect of Renmark, so that objections which apply to the one apply equally to the other. It is certainly late in the day for Mr. Christie to begin the work which he is discharging so thoroughly of pulling the agreement to pieces, but it is better that the defects should be pointed out now than not at alL Without wishing to claim any special credit for penetration we may point out that some of the moat telling of Mr. Christie's criticisms are pre cisely those to which we subjected the draft of the contract with Messrs. Chaffey in the case of Renmark. We laid especial emphasis upon the fact that no proper pro vision was made for the maintenance of the irrigation plant after Messrs. Chaffey had so far carried out the terms of their agree ment as to be entitled to the fee-simple of the land. But our representations were unheeded. It is now evident that all the conditions that the irrigationista have bound themselves to in the way of ex penditure may be fulfilled without much cost to themselves, the £300,000 which they are under pledge to Lay out being in clusive of the sums spent by the settlers on improving their land, rendering it fit for cultivation, enclosing it, and building residences upon it. It is clear indeed that in several respects the bargain is of a loose kind, and that, if the Messrs. Chaffey are bo inclined, they can reap the full fruits of it without being themselves subjected to any inordinate risk or to any veiy heavy expenditure. All that is left for us in thesejmatters is to trust to their sense of honour, and this we believe can safely be done. It Is not to be supposed that they will spend money lavishly ; but they have a reputation to sustain, and we must rely upon them not to sully it by acting in. strict accordance wbh the wording of the agreement and ignoring its spirit— In driving the hardest possible bargain with the Government and the settlers without regard to their own credit. Had Mr. Christie and others earlier joined us in the role of discriminating critics of the agreements it might have been possible to have secured a reasonable modification of some of their terms. Now Ihe colonies must make the most of what they have got and hope for the best. Postal Notes asd Parcels Post. — The Postmaster-General (Mr. C. Todd) mtormsus that as soon aa he can arrange matters with the other colonies the postalnotesandparoelt post system will be brought into, operation; The reports of the heads or departments I which were prepared during the Postal Con ference in Sydney have been printed and sub mitted to the Governments. . , ' . „ ?'; ......;. The Saijeb.— The N.D.L. Bteatner Salier, homeward bound, arrived at Colombo- on the morning of April 21. The Civil Service.— The Civil {servants have recently expressed a great deal of un easiness on account of certain changes which have been made in the service. The im mediate effect has been the strengthening of the Civil Service Association, which, has now decided to relax its conditions of membership so as to include certain officers who have hitherto been excluded. As to the ultimate xeBult there are varying expectations and opinions. The Bakk of Adelaide. — The annual meet ing of thia institution will be held on May 2. The report whioh will then be presented to the shareholders intimates that the balance at credit of profit and loss is £29,754 0a. 5d. A dividend of 6 per cent will absorb £12,000, and £3,000 will go to the Reserve Fund, which now amounts to £? 73,030. The balance, £14,754 0s. 5d., will be curled forward. The actual net profit for the year after providing for all known bad debts and paying all ex penses was £28,225 16a. 6d. Daring the year the branch office at Stirling West was closed. Consecration op the Bishop ? of Port Augusta.— The consecration of Dr. O'B?U!y as Bishop of Port Augusta will take place. at Sydney in St. Mary's Cathedral, oh May 1. Cardinal Morau will peforav the ceremony, and Bishop O'Reilly will arrive at Port Augusta aome time in the latter end of May. New Law Pbactitiojtbb3.— The Fall Court Eat on Saturday morning, the last day of the term, and the following gentlemen were admitted aa practitioners of the Supreme Court of this colony :— Messrs. J. G. Gave nagh, C, Mann, jan , A. 7. A. Hall, EL EL Hill, J. A. Northmore, jan, and W. J. Isbister. Cricket.— After laating for seven months the cricket season of 1887-88 was closed on the Oval on Saturday. The only match was the continuation of the Adelaides' innings sgainBt the Norwoods. In little more than an hour the Adelaides made their score 170 for the loss of five wickets, thereby defeating the Norwoods, who previously had an un tarnished record for the season. The review for the past year with statistics appears else where. Mr, T. Hardy's Vineyards.— The vintage at Bankside having been brought to a close on April 20, the boys and trirls engaged in grape gathering and raisin drying, about fifty in number, had their usual treat on Saturday, 2lBt, at the Grange, where they thoroughly enjoyed themselves. The season's results may be here stated as very satisfactory. The weather throughout the vintage has been all that could be desired. The yield has been quite double that of last year in many of the vineyards purchased by Mr. Hardy, and the grapes well ripened and generally very fine in the berry. Owing to the continued dry weather, the Shiraz at Bankaide developed an extraordinary richness in Baccharine, having gone as high as 1140 sp. gr. during the last fortnight. At Tintara over 40,000 gallons of well-fermented dry wines have been made, under the supervision of Mr. E. B. Hardy, being an increase of 10,000 over any former vintage. At Maclaren Vale about an equal quantity has been made under the management of Mr. J. G. Kelly, and at both places the aim has been to produce a wiae suitable for the English market. At Morphett Vale about 10,000 gallons have been made from grapes purchased from the small growers in that neighbourhood, and at Wbodside and Lang home's Creek 13,000 gallons. At all the places the total will reach 140,000 gallons, being a large advance on any previous vintage. The season has been a moat suc cessful one for raisin making, the Muscatel grape being very fine, and the colour and quality of the finished raisins superior to anything yet turned out. The currant crop was] only a moderate one, the grape not having set well, most probably owing to cold weather during the blossoming of the vine, also from loss of fruit destroyed by the spar rows. The almond croo is verv short from the same cause, and the olive crop small com pared with the heavy yield of last year. Football. — The popular winter game is already in full swing, though all the autumn leaves have not fallen yet. On Saturday the five senior clubs tested the calibre of junior teams with varied results. The Norwoods kicked 6 goals against the Creswicka 2, the Forts 2 against Kingstons 1, Adelaides 3 against Imperials 2, and North Adelaides 7 against Adelaide Seconds 1, while the South Adelaides and Medicdiea notched 2 each. The Barrier Railway.— A public meet ing will be held in the Institute Hall, Peters burg, this evening to consider the question of the laying of a third line of railway from Terowie to Petersburg. 'The Picturesque Atlas.'— Mr. J. Gf Jenkins, M.P., the South Australian agent, has sent to ua Part XXIV. of the Atlas, which, excepting a frontispiece picture of Perth, In Western Australia, is entirely South Australian alike in art work and letter press. To aay that both departments of the publication are excellent is certainly to reiterate, but the reiteration was never more justified than it is by the appearance of this latest number of the Atlas. There are local views and portraits in great variety. In face portraiture we have a good likeness of Sir W. Robinson, and a picture of Colonel Light, which in expression is capital, but in detail not nearly so clear as the average work of the Atlas artists. As specimens cf archi tecture, with more or lesB of scenic advantages, are supplied engravings of the Jubilee Exhibition Building, Government House (taken from a better point of visw than that which the ordinary observer has, and consequently a little flattering), Trinity Church, King William-street from Vic toria-square (a beautiful picture], the Supreme Court, the Baptist Church in Flinders- street, the North Adelaide Congregational Charon, and the most notable buildings aud land scapes in Mount Gambier, Gawler, and Port Lincoln. 'Port Adelaide in 1840,' and ' Port Adelaide in 1888' represent an eloquent contrasted summary of the progress of the place ; and a similar comparison of the Ade laide Town Hall of today with the Council Chamber built in 1832 ia equally suggestive and interesting. In other pages the artist gives a good idea of the charms of our hill side landscapes, and. of the Botanic Gardens, which are Dr. Schomburgk's peculiar care; and the staple industries of the colony are not forgotten. Some of the beat work is shown in the reproduction of these Garden scenes, and in depicting the attractions of Auldana Vineyard and of the Blue Lake at Mount Gambier. The gentleman responsible for the letterpress appears to be guilty of an anachronism w*uch may probably be ac counted for by the delays of publication. The mail steamers are said to still anchor off Glenelg, and a spirited sketch shows how the mailaareorwere transferred. Yet 'he com pensates the most exacting critic by eloquent descriptions of the city and its amphitheatre of hills. Kfr»g William-atreet is 'the handsomest in the Southern Hemisphere ;' the Y. M.C. A. Buildings are the fourth largest in the world; the Arcade, for extent and beauty, ia unrivalled in England, America, or Australia; and finally, 'with the sunny sky arching over it for four-fifths of the year, well drained, well cleansed, and provided with an ampleropply of pure water and fresh air, there is not much room to wander that it has attained* the distinction , of beina the healthiest city in the Southern Hemisphere.' Ocean Steamers Cargo Carriers. — During the past few months steamers have been carrying goods that formerly it waa believed would be carried for many years by sailing; vessels. . The a, b. Habbuck recently landed here 60 tons of- explosives.- The as. Port Augusta is bringing over 30 tons, and it will be seen by our commercial report that a large shipment of deals ia coming by Bteamar from London. We understand that what would a few years ago have been considered a fairly large cargo of deals for thia market will form part of the loading of one of the ?' cargo BlaveB' from. London. *. '''''.? Port Adelaide Eight-Hours Protective SociBTy.— A meeting of . thia Society waa held in the Friendly Societies' Rooms, Port Adelaide; on Saturday evening, the President (Mr. Charleston) presiding; over a moderate attendance. Mr. T. 4Warner was elected Secretary. The President, in delivering' his inaugural address, reviewed the objects of the Society. When they looked around they ' Baw a large number of their fellow-workmen unable to obtain the means of livelihood, and this was one reason why they should restriot ' the hours of labour. Referring to the great inventions in machinery in modern times,. he argued that the same amount of human labour was not ? now required, and luge numbers were thus left in enforced idleness. It' was thereforenecesBary to limit' the hours of labour, so that all might get a fair share of the world's work. If they wanted to enforce the eijzht4ioura' system by law they, should have something to influence members of Par liament. He woald suggest that they should keep a book register of the unemployed. If they established an Association, throughout every town in the colony they would then obtain a good idea of the number of un employed, and would show the Legislature a substantial reason for making a limitation of the hours of labour by laws. Unless thia were done there must be a number of un employed,.who, becoming discontented^ would turn agitators and revolutionists. The Society at the Port already numbered 123 members, and it had the strong sympathy of the/men of the' working class. Who were ex pected to rally around the. standard in large numbers. . What they really desired waa to enrol those men who had not associated with any other Society. The labour organisa tions embodied thia principle in their -rules, but he thought that there were many who would join the Eight Hours Association while objecting to enter a Trades Union. Ia conclusion, he urged the members to stand firmly to the inles of the Society. Mr. W. A. Robinson, Secretary to the Trades' and Labour Council, and Messrs. J. Salmon and A. J. West delivered long speeches upholding the objects of the Society, and on the motion of Mr. Oldfield they were accorded a hearty vote of thanks. Aa the meeting was not advertised, and we received no intimation of it being held, we are unable to supply a fuller report of the proceedings. Imperial Fire Insurahce Company.— The Resident Manager (Mr. J. R. Ferguson) has supplied us with a statement of the accounts of this Company for the year ended December 31, 1887. From this we gather that the premiums received on £237,836,148 amounted to £740.109, and the interest on in vestments £62,651; total, £802,760. The amount paid for losses waa £455,065 ; costs of administration, £242.381; dividends paid to proprietors, £96,000. The dividend ia at the rate of £3 per share of the par value of £25, a rate maintained for a long time past. T~e investments of the Company amount to £1,652,061. The Imperial was established in 1803, and has therefore completed its eighty fourth year. It is a noteworthy fact that itB capital and reserves are more than double the amount of its immense annual premium in come. The amount underwritten last year was nearly 240 millions sterling. Sunday-school Picnic. — The annual Bchool festival of the St. Ninian's Islington Church of England Sunday and Day Schools was held, by the kind permission of the Rev. A. Homier, at St. George's Hall, Woodforde. A large number of the friends and parents were present, and seemed to enjoy themselves as much as their juniors. The day waa all that conld be wished for. Ample refresh ments were provided for all through the kindness of friends, who both gave their personal service and supplied Buffioient funds. Under the careful supervision of Messrs. Byard and Hill the journey by train and tram car was accomplished withoutanymishaps, and judging from the hearty cheers of the young sters they will long remember the happy day they spent at St. George's, Woodforde. Thb Rev. R. K. Maokay.— The Warrnam bod htandard of April 19 writes :— ' The ap proaching departure of the Rev. E, Keith Mackay, who is leaving Warrnambool for Broken Hill next week, is anticipated with deep regret, not only by the members of his congregation, but by the public generally, and a meeting of representative townsmen was held in the Town Hall last evening for the purpose of giving expression to this regret and ot devising the best means of showing the appreciation which ia felt of the services which the rev. gentleman has rendered to the town during his stay In it. The Mayor occu pied the chair. A committee consisting of all the gentlemen who were present, and aome who were not, with power to add to their number, was formed to take the neces Bary steps in the matter. It was resolved, on the motion of Mr. Kennedy seconded by Mr. 6\. P. Barber, that the testimonial take the form of a purse of sovereigns, and that this be accompanied by an address.' The Fall or Silver Shares.— The Sydney Daily Telegraph of April 19 writes :— 'Silver shares experienced the worst two hours yesterday that they have had since the ' boom ' set in. There waa a general fall in every stook dealt in, amounting in some cases to 20 or 30 per cent, of the value previously current. Taking stock of the position of affairs after the rout— panic, perhaps, would be the more correct word— we find Broken Hill South Belling at £6 153., a decline of £1 153., equal to about £175,000 knocked off the capital value of the property in one day. Broken Hfll Centrals were sold at £3 18s., a fall of £1, representing a capital value of £75,000. BritiBh Broken Hills were Bold at £5 Ss., a decline of 17b., representing a capital value of £204,000. Mount Coatiganfell from 50a. to 35b., but as the number of shares is much more modest than in those previously men tioned this only represents a capital value of £18,750. Junction dropped £1 2& 6d., re presenting a capital value of £112,500. Block 14 only fell 5a., representing a decline of £25,000. Cosgroves, Central Cordillera, Cos tigan North Extended, Pinnacles Tribute, Rising Sun, Broken Hill South Extended, Webbs, and Cordillera Hill Bhared in the general decline, though not to such a sensa tional extent. Not having been * boomed' up so high they had no so far to fall. Estimat ing the fall in all these latter stocks together at £100,000, we have a total of £710,000 repre senting the fall in stocks dealt in on one Exchange alone, without taking into account the reduced quotations of other Bhares in which no sales were effected on that Ex chaage. Broken Hill Propr etary by itself adds £200,000 to the list, and, when the rest of the Melbourne and Adelaide returns are taken into account, the total shrinkage will probably be found to foot up something like a million and a halt This is a rather for midable total for one day's work alone, and future developments will be anxiously looked for.' Reading in Bed.— The many people who are in *She habit of reading in bed might take warning from a. Bad accident which occurred at Parramatta, New South Wales, on April 11\. A young woman went to bed late, leaving her child, 4 months 'old, in a cot near by. The mother read 'for some time, and then fell asleep without extinguishing the light. Four hour later she was awakened to find the child's bed in flames. The infant was rescued from the flames only to die a lingering death. . A Party Lost dt the Bush.— The Argus correspondent at Derby, Western Australia, writes : — ' A strange story of privations and endurance reached aa from the goldfielda by the last mail. Two men, named. Michael Anderson- and Conrad Hobbin, left the Panton River last September to try the Richenda country for the wet season. They intended to travel over O'Donnell'a tracks, through Ma recently discovered .pass through the Leopold Ranges. They lost these tracks 70 milea out, and; with some difficulty succeeded .in reaching the ranges. In crossing the head of the Fitzrby River, which. waa flooded^they lost the packhorse which was carrying their proviriona^and a rifle, while Hobbin also lost Us horse, his belt containing hia gold, and a revolver, and very nearly his life. Thus they* were left without food or arms. After spending some time in the ranges trying to cross they deter mined to make their, way back to theWynd ham-road. They were * twice attacked by natives, Bpears being in each case thrown into their tent at night without doing any damage. Weak from want of meat they had to kill one of tbeir remaining horses for food. This done i 'they carried away as much as they conld; but after this for ten daya they had nothing but roots and fruit, of which Jthe country' ia not prolific. They became light headed, and appear t» have hit the Wyn6r ham-ro&d; more by chance than judgment, and not without being again attacked by natives, by ' whom they ' were ''panned for a whole'day. They, dropped upon the mail men,- who were- camped on tha Fletcher. ?. It was two days, before they could ape ik connectedly of their experience, and at the end of that time they were forwarded back . to the Panton, and are now working there and eeting gold.' ? , A Hist to Colonial Viitcgrowers-- The London Globe writes :—*' Mrv Oswald Craw ford, in his Consular report from Oporto, recommende colonial vinegrowera in Aus tralia and elsewhere to adopt what he calls the old-world system of treating the vine which prevails in Northern Portugal. Here tha vines are grown as creepers, and allowed . to run to nearly their full- natural length', ? either as tall espaliers or on square trellis work ' of wood or cane,' a man'a height or more from the ground, or. else they are trained in the anoient Roman method to poplars and other trees, which are pollarded and pruned of their branches to enable the sun to reach the vine flowers and grape clusters. In colder countries the French and German aystem of. growing the vine as a bosh ia no doubt to be preferred, bat wherever the .summer heat is about the same as that of Northern Portugal, the Por tuguese method ia recommended. Several advantages are claimed for it — among others, total freedom from the phylloxera. The ex planation of this is found in the fact that when the vine is allowed to grow to its full dimensions, the roots dive into thaground to a depth corresponding *to the height, of the plant, 'and bo escape' the phylloxera grab, c which does not go deeper underground than from 4 to 6 feet.' A New Dkpabture by the Salvation Army.— From All the World, a monthly pub lication of the Army, we extract the following appeal by General Booth : — ' Sox some time now. the starving condition of great numbers of the London poor haa appealed imploringly to ua for help. Not only are there thousands who walk the streets of this great city, with its palatial mansions, abounding wealth, and costly luxury, not knowing where to find a meal of bread, bat there are numbers more who have nowhere to lay their heads save in the shadow of the railway arches, in the recesses of the bridges, or on the seats in the public parka and squares. To help these poor, hungry, helpless crowds, for both this world and the next, has long been our earnest desire, but bow to do it with the slender means we can command haa been the puzzling question. We have now decided to do some thing towards alleviating this dreadful misery, and have taken large premises in the West India-road, Limehouse, in which we propose to establish a very cheap food depot, and also to furnish a Bleeping shelter for the night. We propose to supply a basin of soap to the children for a farthing ; soup and bread, ditto, for a half penny ; soup for an adult, a halfpenny ; Eonp and bread, for one penny, together with other food— coffee, tea, and cocoa— at similar prices. It is also proposed to find a man a warm and clean sleeping place for a night with some little refreshment for a penny. In conjunction with this alleviation of the temporal miseries of these hungry, homeless ones, it is intended by meetings held morning and evening, and by the most direct personal dealing, to seek their salvation. Perhaps a more hopeless class than this wretched crowd, which lives continually in the land of the shadow of death, does not exist. They are ordinarily considered beyond help, bat the Salvation Army haa faith in the power of the Holy Ghost and the devotion of its workers to reach some, at least, of those who have long since abandoned themselves to despair. We hope, by the exercise of the greatest care, to be able to make this scheme very nearly self-supporting, the feeding part of it entirely so. But we find the alterations, fitting of the building, supply of steam ap paratus, and other appliances will cost us about £600. This we ask oar friends to supply.' Russian Winxbb Military Parades.— Military paradeB are almost of daily occur rence in the presence of the Emperor in front of the Winter Palace, and it ia not unnoticed (says the St. Petersburg correspondent of the Morning Post) that the feeling that they may soon be called upon to enter the field gives the troops more animation and spirit than has been the case for years. Every effort ia being made to attain efficiency in view of the con tingency of having to fight the most efficient foe in Europe. None the less the terribly severe winter Russia is experiencing precludes all thoughts of early aotive opera tions, and it will not be until a# decisive change takes place in the weather that Russia will show her hand. Such an arctic winter has not been known in Russia for generations. For two and a half months now an unbroken intense frost has prevailed, ranging here from zero Fahr. to 32° below zero day after day, and although we are now well in March blazing fires are maintained in the streets to warm the sledge- drivers and policemen night and day. In Poland and the South heavy snowBtorms block the railways every week, rendering the transport of troops and pro visionaaltoRetheroutofthequeation. Untilthe winter ends the military chiefs can do nothing but plan, and this they do uninterruptedly day after day at the general staff. The thaw now can hardly be much longer retarded, although it has not yet commenced, and it will be then that Europe will be able to gauge the intentions of Russia during the summer. According to the best private sources, a mili tary demonstration in Poland will assuredly take place. Costly Inquisitiveness.— A remarkably good story is reported from Paris (says an English paper) respecting the treatment of private correspondence, which reminds ub of a practice of politisal espionage which we should have thought had disappeared with the Empire. During the last preaidental crisis a writer on a journal appearing at Rennea sent letters regularly to Uleet Yilaine, It was found that his letters were aa regularly opened by the political police. The correspondent one day hit npon the happy idea of register ing his letter as one containing lOOf., in order to secure itB being handed to its recipient without being previously opened aud read. Of course no 100f-note was enclosed. The letter duly arrived at its destination, with its seals in perfect order ; bat the envelops con* tained, besides the usual missive, one of those neat blue notes with the representation of the Republic and the figure 100 upon its face. It is aaaumed that the unwelcome readers of the letter came to the conclusion that tfiey must have dropped the banknote in surreptitiously opening the com munication, and, under the. circumstances, thought it best, inorcter to prevent disagree able investigations, to pay for their inqoisi tivenees. It is not stated whether the re cipient of this handsome solatium to outraged privacy experienced any scruples in accept ing the donation. Entertaiument.— The members of the Lifeboat Lodge, No. 12. LO.G.T., gave an entertainment in the Academy Hall, Txonger Btreet, Adelaide, on Friday evening, April 20, to a crowded audience. Brother E. D. - Davies, G. W. Chaplain, occupied the chair. A programme of songa and recitations was well carried out by the Misses Gibson, Long, Johns, Ingramme, Horeell (2), and Stephens, and Meesrs. Cobbledick, Walters, Tonkin, and Councillor, while Mr. Pascoe was very successful in bis ventriloquial efforts. Addresses were delivered by Brother A. T. Barnes, G.S.I.T., and Brother Carpenter. W.C.T. ?' .. University. Shakspeabe. Societx.— The inaugural meeting of the fifth session of this Society will be held at the University to-night. Recitations and musical interludes will be given. The Raikfall.— Rainfall for the twenty four hours ending 9 a.m. Saturday, April 211: — Echnnga, 0020; Cape Willonghby, 0-010!; Goolwa, 0030 ; Cape Northumberland, 0*020; Mount Gambier, 0*007 ; Mannum, 0*020. ? . Case of Distress.— Received April 21 :— J. 8., 5s.; W. K., Exeter, 4s. 