COAL : GAS-MAKING ANO GAB-BATING.-Ia a lecture by Mr. W. M. Foote, M.E., at St, Leonards, he gave the geological history of coal, showing how the vegetable growths had been covered by debris, how these ancient growths had been depressed for the debris to cover np; the origin of the debris, and its final settlement with crashing force on the arboraceous matter beneath it. This process of covering forest growths by great masses of mineral 'matter'went on for millions of years, each covered tract of forest forming a layer or Beam of coal ; hundreds of feet sometimes intervening between Beams, bearing witness to the almost countless ages it had taken the strata between them to form and solidify. But the older buried forests, being the deepest down under the earth's crust, were sub- jected naturally to a greater pressure than thone of jmore recent date. The effect of this great pres- umiré was to more thoroughly expel the oily and resinous matters contained in the wood, leaving, for instance, the carbonised ligneous structure in the: form of what was generally known as anthra- cite, the hardest and least gas-bearing kind of coal known. A .BOMANTI'C AFFAIR.-A romantic incident is reported from Chiswick, England. It appears that about two years ago. the wife of a hotelkeeper resi- dent in that part of the metropolis, and mother of four young children,' suddenly disappeared from her home. About the same time a gentleman of well-to-do circumstances, and believed to have become acquainted with the landlady over the hotel bar, was missing also, it being surmised that they had eloped together. The husband, finding that his partner did not return, sought a divorce, and succeeded in obtaining the usual decree nisi. After the lapse of two years, during which time the gentleman died, leaving the runaway wife his fortune, it is said, of £14,000, she revisited her former husband and asked forgiveness for her past misconduct, which he granted, and received her back into her former home. The barrier to their residing together, owing to the legal proceedings taken after her hasty departure, was only sur- mounted by remarriage. AN IMPORTANT DISCOVERY.-Amongthe Faiyuin manuscript. Dr. Bickell has made the farther discovery of two liturgical fragmente, one of them reading :-" He that was bom in Bethlehem and teared np in Nazareth, who dwelt in Galilee, we bave, seen his sign from Heaven. When the star appeared,-the shepherds watching io the field were astonished.. Falling on their knees, they said, ' Glory be to the Father, Alleluia, glory be to the Son and to the Holy Ghost, Alleluia, Alleluia, Alleluia.'" And the other :-" Typi 5. St. John the Baptist is chosen, who has preached in all the world.repentance for the remission of our sins." These fragments of antiphons are earlier by two centuries than any others previously known. Upon the palsographical characters of the writing, style of contractions, &c.;, Dra. Wessely and Krall refer the documents to the third century, while. Dr. Bickell argues from the doctrinal character of the first fragment that this at least must have come from a pre-Arian and a pre- Athanasian period. The Bussian Ambassabor at Constantinople, demands that a portion of the loan of . £1,500 OOO just obtained by the.Porte should be applied to- wards the settlement of the Bussian claims for indemnification. . The Economist declares that the management of the Bank of New Zealand has been of a reckless character, and that the results which have followed should act as a warning to other financial institu- ions. ftThe Victorian Cricketers* Association negatived a ?^motion having for its object the prohibition of -members of the junior cricket clubs taking part in intercolonial matches. The Black Mountain expedition to punish the natives for the slaughter of a few soldiers has BO far resulted in the killing and wounding of more British officers, The remains .of several prehistoric canoes have been found at the bottom of some lakes drained off in uplands in Central Sweden. They were made hythe hollowing out of trunks of teees by fire. One had evidently been sunk on purpose, being lull of large.stone«. », i i . t 