An Impending Doom. CHAPTER XXXIV. MU. FAIIMAI.KH TURNS UP TltUMFS. Mr. 0. W. Parinalee wont down to Eobbsville, Maino, nutl ropo9ii(l again in tbo bosom of bis family. Ho wont to work on tbo paternal acres for a while, garo that up in diHgust, flot un niinn mum ntiioi.nrn rmllAFV. nnil innlr tho portraits of tho ladies and gsatlo- men of Dobbsvilio at so much per head. Put Mr. Parmaloo found Hfo vory slow. Ho was weary nearly unto death, and neither man nor woman delighted him. Ho looked upou tho bouncing datnRols, bursting out of their hookB and oyes, with cheeks liko tbo reddest sido of a scarlot applo and eyes liko azuro moons, and com pared tbcm in scornful bitterness of spirit with Miss SybiUa Silvor, tho fair, tbo false. Mr, Paruialco was fast becoming a misanthrope. His speculation had failed, his love was lost — nothing lay beforo him but a long and droary ox istcnec epent in immortalising in tin types thu belles and beaux of Dobbs Villo. Sometimes a lit of ropontanco over took him when his thoughts rovortud to tho dcsolato young creature, worso than widowed, dragging out lifo in Now York. "X ought to liavo told hor," Mr. Parmnlce thought. 11 lb ain't right to let hor keop on thinking that Iter husband murdered hor. But then it goes awfully againsta feller's grain to poach ou tho girl ho mount to uurry. Still " Tho remorseful reflection haunted him, do what ho wonld. Ho took to dreaming of the young burouot, too. Night after night,' pale and reproach ful, ho stood boforo him in his sloop, haunting him like an anunoasy ghost. Once ho saw him in his shroud, lying dead on tho stone lorrace, and at sight of him tho corpso had risen up, ghastly in its grave clothes, anil point ing one flickering finger at him, said, in an awful voico: "0. W. Parmalco, it is you who have dono this 1" Aud Mr. Parmalco bad started up in bed, tho cold swoat standing on his brow, like a shower of peas, " 1 won't stand this, oy thundor 1' thought the artist noxt morning in a fit of desporation. M I'll write to Now York this voir day, apd toll hor all I" But " Ithomme propose "—you know tho provorb. Bquiro Brown, who lived half a milo off, and novor heard of Harriot in liis llfo, offoc tunlly altered Mr. Parmaloo's plans. Tho worthy squiro, jogging along in his cart from markot, cumo upon tlio artist silting on tho top rail of tho Sate, whittling, and looking gloomily ojeeted. "Hi! Goorgc, my boy," criod out tho lusty squiro, " wllat's gone wrong ? You look as dismal as a gravoyard." " W-n-a-l 1" drawled tho artist, who wasn't going to toll his troublos on tho housetops, " there ain't nothin much to speak of. It's tbo all-firod dulness of this posky onohorso village, where there ain't nothin' stirring, 'cept flios in flytimo, from ono year's end to t'ohor." "See what comes of travelling," said Squiro Brown. "If you had stayed athome, instoadof flyingal) over England, you'd havo been as right as a trivet. My 'pinion is, you'vo been and loft a gal bobind. Hero's a Lon don paper for you. My missis gots 'em every mail. Porbaps you'll soo your gal s namo in tho list of mar riages." Mr. Parmalco took tho paper chucked at him with languid indiffer ence. " Any noweP" ho askod. "Lot? — just suited to your com plaint. A coal mino in Cornwall's been and caved in, and buriod alivo fifteen workmen ; thoro's boon & hor rid riot in Leeds ; and a baronet in Dovonslriro is sontoncod to bo hung for murdering his wife." Mr. I'armaloo gavo ono yoll— ono horrid yoll— liko a Cotnancho war- whoop, and leaped off tho fonco. " What did you. say ?" ho roarod. "A baronet in Devonshire, for mur dering his wife P" " Thunder !" ojaculatod 8quiro Brown. "You didn't know htm, did you? Maybe you took his picturo when in England ? a Yes, a baronet ; and bis namo it's . Sir Evorard Kings- land 1" AVitb an unearthly groan, Mr. Parmaloo tore opon tho papor. "They haven't hanged bitn yot, bavo tboy ? " he gaspod, ghastly whito. "Ob, great heaven, what havo I dono ? Squiro Brown sat and Blared— a spectacle of densest bowildormont. " You didn't do tho mitrdor, I hopo P " ho aaked. Hut Mr. Parmuloo was immorsod fathoms deep in tho papor, and would not havo hoard a thuudorbolt crashing beside him. Tho squiro rodo away, aud Mr. Par malco sat for a good hour, half s:upcfied9 "ovor tho account Tho papor contained a retume of tho trial, from first to last— dwelling patticularly on Miss Silvor's ovidenco, and ending with tho sontonco of tbo court. The paper dropped from the artist's paralysed hand. lie covered his faco, and sat in a trancs of horror and re- morso. His mothor came to call him to dinner, and as he looked up in answer to hor call, sho started back with a ecroamat sight ot his unearthly face. "Lor a-massy, Georgo Washing ton, whatever lias corno to you Mr. Pnrmaleo got up and Btrodo fiercely past hor into tho house. 'Pack up my clean socks and shirts, mother." lie said. " I'm going back to Eaglattd by the first steamer." Lato noxt oveutng Mr. Parmaloo rcachod Now York, Early tho fol lowing morning ho strode up to tho browu stouo mansion of Mr. Donover, and sharply rang tho boll. "Is Lady— I mean is Mr. Danovor's uieco at bono?" Tho sorvant stared, but ushorod bim into tho drawing-room. " Who shall I say ?" Mr. Parmalco handed hor his cud. "Give hor that. Toll hor it's a matter of life and death." Tho sorvant Btarod harder than over, but took tho card aod vanished. Ten miuutos after,, and Harriet, in a whito morning robo, palo and terrified, hurried in. Mr. Parmalco, has anything— bavo you heard — ob, what is it ? '» "It is this, Lady Kingiland. Your husband has been arrested and tried for your murder!'' Kho clasped bor hands together and sauk into a scat. Bbo did not cry out or exclaim. She sat aghast. "Ho lias been tried and con demned, and " Uo could not finish tho sontonco, out of pity for that doath- liko faco. But sho understood him, and a scream rang through tho house, which those who heard might novor forgot. " Oh, hoaven, ho is condemned to ho hanged!" " lie is," said Mr. Parmalco 5 " but we'll stop 'out. Now, don't you go and excito voursolf, my lady, bocauso you'll need nil your strength and presence of mind in this 'ore emer gency. Thoro's a steamer for Liver pool to- morrow. 1 secured our pas- sago beforo I ercr camo lioro." Sho pressed hor hands convulsively over hor throbbing hoart. " May hcavon grant wo bo in titno ! Oh, my lovo, my aarling, my husband — 1 never thought of this f Lot mo but rave you, and I am ready to dio 1" "Only hear hor," cried tho elec trified artist, who didn't understand this feminine sort of ethics. "Talk ing liko that about tbo man sho thinkf stabbed her! I do beliove sho loves him yet." Sho liftod hor faco and lookod at him. "With mywholo hoart t I would dio this instant to savo him ! I lovo him bb dearly as when I stood besido bim at tho altar, a blessed bride. And he— ah, how dearly ho loved mo onco! It is something oven to romotnbor that." "Well, I'll bo darned !" burst out Mr. Parmalco. "If this don't boat all creation! You wimmin are tho most curious criltors that ovor were invented. Now, then, what would Siu givo to know it was not Sir rurard who stubbed you that night?" Sho looked at him with wide, wild eyes. "Not Sir Evorard! But I saw him. I heard him speak. Uo did it in a moment of madness, Mr. Par- males ; and heaven only knows what anguish and remorse ho has suffered sinco! ' " 1 hope so," said Mr. Parmaloo. " 1 hopo bo's gono through pilos of agony, for I don't liko a bono in his body, if it comes to tbat. But, I re peat, it was not your husband who stubbed you on tho stono torraco that dismal night. It was"— Mr. Parma- leo gulped- "it was SybiUa Silver!" " What /" TO HE CONTINUED. 