. the revision of the apostles creed. Bv a'NoNCONTORUIST Misihtku. In England ami America tlicro In springing, up of late yearn a strong deslro to iiavo tho Aiutl<'' Creed ; that croud which, of all creeds may 1k> Enid to ho pre-eminently tho creed of Christendom, revised mo n to imvo those portions of it which nvo iiionmiBtent wllh tho mora advanced religious thought of to-day, and nro only lieituvcd in by a very limited number ot those who repeat them, eliminated, and oniy tluwu portion retained in general nun which can ho conscientiously uttered and subscribed l» by nil but alhicsh nnd hi' lldel?. And, unless I am mistaken, tho dcairo obtains on thin aulo of tho ocean also, nnd lliero are nmny clergymen nnd laymou m nil denomination who would rejoice tp see-such ft tevhion brought about. As the question is one which concerns Nun -conformist a quite ns mochas Anglican, since the creed of tho Apostle is every whit our croud as their?, I approach its discussion with far loss hesitancy thaii I approached the l'C- vision uf the Fraycr-book some t ime since, nnd which concerned Church of J&ugland; people fcltnoat entirely. That a change in Ilia wording of the crccd in required— more, that some omissions are neces sary—in ovhlcnt to nil who rend it through thoughtfully. And that such nti alteration should bo needed in Bitch an ancient forniulft or expression of belief is only natural. The world is progressing. New facts nru con- staidly being brought to light, mul eld opinions either rumudellcd, so as to ngrea witii the truth of this nineteenth century of conscious wisdom, or discarded. Tor instance, what wonderful light has been thrown upou Scrip ture history by tho researches that have buon mndo during the past few years even. The labors of our now living linguists nnd explorers have revolutionised modern religious thought-, have either explained morn clearly, or olso cx- plained nwny, much that but a eliot t tunc slncu was mysterious nnd enigmatical, and Imvo rendered it difficult, if not impossible, to bnllove much that was regarded as incontrovertible not long ago. llcnen it is that a revision of nnr creed# at least is ona of the necessities uf modern times ; since, whilst ninny may ht:ll clllig lo7liigly to what Wiilint partly t'li-oucuua, contains so timch truth, there are others who, being differently constituted, atul hohhiig somowhat different religious opinion#, cannot do ho, and must cither hnvo n rcvUcd creed, or will forinulnto ona of their own. ' Not that I. believo that bccaitso there nro a few religious riificonlcnlH in tho world wo should murder our Bible., hymn boohs, cnto- chixins, and creeds just to plenso them. Not bo. What I contend is, that tho Apostles' creed contains sentences which tf analysed do not contain really fundamental truth#, ho much as little theological Aido opinion# of very httlo importance, and yet of sufficient weight to prechido tho possibility of thcirliringiilterod by men, who, whilst hcliovcrsin Gad, Christ, tho Holy Spirit, nnd divino revelations, hnvo little opinions of their own, which these jscntc.ncr.s run up Against in n most unpleasantly decided manner. To bettor Illustrate what X mean, I append tho Aitostlca' Orced, with thoso )x>rtiuua of it wlucli I bcltuvn should bo either revised or omitted placed in italics " X believe ill God tlm Father Almighty, maker 0/ heavtu n»<£ atrtfi, oud in Jesus Chwt, His oiify Son, our Lord, who «ns eiro- eel veil of the Holy Ghost, horn of the Virgin JUTary, suffered under I'outious Fiiate, was crucified dead and buried. He , descended into hell, Tho tliinl day Ho voso from tho dead, ascended into lfcaven, and sitteth on tho right band of God the Father Almighty. From thcnco llo shall coma to judge tho quick and tho dead. I believo in tho Holy Ghost, tlm Holy C'athoho Clmvrh, the com munion of saints, tho forgiveness of sin?, the resurrection of the body, mid the life everlast ing, Amen." I will uowomlenvcr to explain why those nmitreiens should bo made, Firstly, there is tho word "Almighty," which is unnecessary, all that wo want to 'express about our Creator in duvotlon Ixmig contained In tho thrco words, "God tho' Vather, " ; The next clauso, "maker of heaven and earth," Uiould bo left: out, because it in a stumbling block in tho way of many earnest and devout Christians, who hold tho belief that matter is eternal and co-existent with God. If these words tended in -miy way to eUuugtbeu our faith in God, or aid us in worshipping Him aright, we might bo justified hi retaining-' as part of our confession of faith words which Mime uf our fellow rcligiouisU. cunuob repent' ; ' but I contend that, like tho term "Almighty," ' tho words ato unnecessary, and- rraiiur thst many do nob bclievu them, I would have them omitted.' 11 ' 7 Tho word "only" again used just afterwards, J quite superfluous, im also nro tho words " the Father Almighty" uvfid farther down still, and wliislt are lmt a rouotitiou ot tho terms used in the 01 wining roil truce. Ah for tho remaining clauses in italics, tho last 0110 euuvcya but Httlo clear meaning to most minds, coming especially as ibdocs imme diately after ail expression of belief in, "the holy Catholic Ohtirch," winch is admittedly nothing mom nor lens than the congregation of God's peoplo nnd of Christ's elect ; whilst the ones quoted be hue aro regarded from eo many different standpoints, nud nro so littlo brlioved in by many, who nro good Christians in ovcrv other reaped, that I would ad vocato Uieir elimiua- tion, namely, "was conceived by .tho -lloly Glioit, born of tho Virgin, Mary" and "Ho descended Into Hell." tany will doubtless think- that the altera tion# suggested nro so trilling that it would bo .unwiso and ridiculous to spoil tho reading of the crccd for. Uieir snko, bus . I am certain that quit e a imdtUudo think differently, and that for eucli n revision to bo-made would givo far moro general- satisfaction than 'many dioam, . and would . bring mnuy into tho churches who being unable at present to' entirely/ ngrao . with tha teachings of the creeds, and regarding such an agreement as nn essential in candidates for church mem bership, hold idoof from them. Tho- other crccdft used by covoral of tho churches occasionally nro ctill moro open to objuoUou, but . as. tho Ap03tla's Creed is tho otto incut commonly used 1 have selected it for criticism, and believe that with tho omissions suggested it would meet with tho upproval uf nearly all reliciimixts, or at least uf nearly nil of thoiu whom tho churches can homntly re gard as coming uuder tho heading of Christian lHsnple. And why ohould nob thuy bc» inndo? What weighty objections can be urged against them? It is not on though they were indis- pcnHublu, as if their oimBioit would in any way tend to mjuro religion, or as if Eoino of tho cardind truths of Christianity wcto ignored, imperfectly stated thereby, or left out. Nothing of tho kind. Tha orthodox would rot bo a bit less orthodox because o! tho eliminations, and many who avu regarded as unorthodox at present, Imcauso unablo to eutacribo to tlm creed, would thou havon chance afforded them of showing their belief in tho main points of the creed, and would repeat it with us much sincerity tn others. Tho creed, os revised, would read as follows : — H1 bi liero in Gixl, tho Father, and Jesus Christ, Ilia son, our Lord, who suffered under Pontius Filatc, was crucified, dead mul buried. The tliinl duyllo rose from tho (lend; He ascen ded into Heaven, and sitteth on the right hand of Ood.Froni thence Ho shall como to Judge tho quick and tho dead. I believo in tho Holy Ghost, the, holy Calhnlia Church, tho forgive ness of sins, the rusurivclion of tho body, and tho lifo ovHrlnsting. Aineu. " It will be seen that with all tho omissions, tho following beliefs, and which nro tho really fundamental ones in rnligion nro retained, namely, faith in God the Father, Christ tho B011 ami tho Holy Ghost. Also in Chri&t;'o lordship (and by implication) His diviuity, His death, resurrection and ascension, and living prosnuco in Ilcftvcu nmv. Also in a final judg ment, tho resurrection from tho dead, tho pardon of sins, tho authority of tho church, and eternal life, whilst tho chief historical events of Christ's earthly lifo aro stated. Tho parts omitted aro tho ones tho mopt -strongly objected' to by tho must ndvanced modern tlriuhora and scholars, and by those who believe in the eternity of matter. Theso nro my opinions ou tho subject, briefly stated. They aro now open to critioism, which no doubt llioy will receive j bnt in this as in all other thnigs my honest " aim fs to bring about a compromise between religion end thoso who hold aloof from it on account of littlo conscientious but reiuovablo scruples and to scouro as supporters and allies of tho churches in tho great fight against tho powors of darkucss nnd ovil which oppress this world that nobio band ot men who aro as earnost for tho good of man as we are, but who aro not working in conjunction with us ohiefly because of tho barriers, wliloh tho unnocesary, and, as I Imvo endeavored . to point out, dispensablo portions of our creeds, have erected between ' A particularly vlgorons spaakcratn woman's rights mcotiqg, waving her long nrms like U10 sails of a windmill, nsksdl "If tho women t»f this .country wnro to rise up in their thousands nud mdrolt tb tlio polls, X should llko to know what then Is on this oavthi that could stop thsml" 'And in tbo mmnotitory silorios Avbioli followod this .uarorotlon. a still,. small voioe femarked 1 "A mouse i" . i ' . .. 