OIIAPTEIt XI. A WILD iLWEDDINoG-NIoGIIT. A wild nightshuttinegdown upon the Scot. tish hills, and it is Ambrose Gertlart's wed. ding night. lic stands in the door.way of his father's house, arrayed in his holiday garments-a tall, IhandsoIme yiouth, with an eye like an eagle's and the bearing of a prinlce, allrit he is the son of hlimble parents. Ilis mother comnies forward, with hiis lhearj coat in hier hands. "It is high time you were off, myson,"she says. "The dark colmes swift thLsu winter evenings, andil tie walk you have ohfore you is long and dreary. So get thee gone, Am. brose; it won't do to keep the little Isabel waiting on her weddlingnight." She is, or bhas been, a ihandsome womnl in her tiilo, thlis mother of the tall young mnountaineer. Site is tall and straight as a dlart, with sloe-black eyes, and cheeks which even yet retain some little of their yvouthflul bloom. iier Iusband, Donald Gereart, nhas led a seafaring life ever since their marriage, and Ambrose and hiis mother have been left a grout deal to themselves, and are very tenderly atlached to each other. Never buht once has the miother been parted from her boy, antd that was when le made a voyoge to the S itzbergen const with his lather. Sllhe looks at hiim nowv with a curious mnix ture of tenderness and regret in her dark eyes. "To.morrow Iohe is to bring home his brido; and she takes him in her arms and kisses him tenlderly, iher dark eyes running over withl tears, Ambrose gives her a hearty welcome in re turn. "lood.by, mother. IIeaven keep you safe until my return." lie delarts, and his mother stands in the sioor.way and watches himn out of sigit. "hMy brave lad," she muses, acurlous,wislt. ful look in her eyes; " ilhandlsonme enoughl to be the king's son andl wed with a prinees. But Isabiel's a iibony lass, arid she'll biring him s a snasg little dowry, andi hIe'll be ihappy and prosiieerols. I colaid not part from hisim now, I I ia sisconteented as it is, but If hie knew his hIistory hue'd leave me udi go rovslig to tile culs of the earth; anld what wiould Dilssald say, alter sailing the seas for a score of y'ears, als hanrdinig gols for his only son? iNay, nsy I" thlrowing uip her Ineds withl an ipasionslate gesture, " l caniot tell now; I never caln tell lis, I've lockedl the eccretin isy heart, and 1'll carry it with ileu to imy graive." iThle night fell swiftly, anl the Lstorm gathslred fury with every passinsg minsi te. The motilr and father, the latter Ilaving rentrnedL siosil after the dlclartuire of Amnbroso, sat before their bltzllsig hearthll and Iheard the wildl riot of tihe bIlast. "'Ti a bitter night, Itiaild," said the wife, laddrlecssig her blroillsesd nni dccl chested husband. "Itrust t i lad will reachl ullnide all hafle. It hIe Inad only taken tle collie alun 1" I sahl hlus derisively, asn lie ribs ihis Ilanllls togetsher r over t Iuhlie. "As if the laId neededI the collielwife ? YIsl think him a boy yet 1 \hy, Ambrose cousl l1nd hil way blidlfohl, thssugh thl drifts lie sneckulehi. Never waorry lor lt. Ilieus salfe ait the lecllside bIy this thian sld will sosin be ilalbal's Ialusbalud." lhut it tIhat seltsf-aIssaio ilimellt Alnhbrelo stoilid ll inllntilg Ii1 I rreLolile st the foot IIof a great enow.clond leak. Surely lie had lost his way, iallelt Ii lsl s rsalsned for years anhll these wl ill hillnsid 1IIIt.s lto isansled aid hlslked ashoullt hint with le. wilercd eyes. The osllOw islcenelsdl insswolt whlirling itnstics LtIat alllllst oluk aw'sy his brcalls. lThellre colllhl lie niI isl ilb ist o t iti Io hsld lost hisI way I lle shsih lie dIow Iiwin thei li siltellrcll vslll!y, alit liere lse wasi clitbhlllg Insild thIle sI r sel'll llki!ll hills, lie iluitsLt Ilisa bIeeli llewituhbd sic lsoluwiidredi liea thllllglit, to IbV s I not HII Uit stllallllaIbly hi way i lie who hid trodl tihese Il hill.litlia Iriuss hiss boyhoo Ii hu who had beeaitn ts e halilt oil eroslillg thci HallliU w nll imrs iosleu iy Hatilrday ilight5 on his wniy ito this Fulhlsio farmli ] Stlantdillg amiinh the while, nwirling drifts withI tile Illtshsn dit' i fl the Ililt i illsg cllr s i lliagltilllin lII I ll elltruil tile gulay esiialls sy gotllerilllg sit thi FIellide, asld sunlw lsablil, it sIo willie wcdlsilng Isllilt, iwnltisg llls olutliug. ito has olevcr heln slt r s ilcislnlillu reitard ito thi Is iensr sgslo, tlhough is \Y is I tild i C sitlho oi Isaobel, 'ITh slllillIlI was it hiIs IcIIIo til l littsillil5 . Ahut, siiih nubtwcIhl never hnv l i sc tsl l sf sisti' oty stl Isls it vic will his ilessrIes' sill itn ilahis i lts r litH ilil i t II id l. rerll il way. I loiil a s ll ii hiti l hlsd I slllil IIit n.I Lnteilt llai In i g esilt d to nlii k fIiItis e suitd fIIsrtseii Ii folelign Isltlns, ilok lks ll s it u rta s, alnlt 'gold and sillor" failed to satisy Iis long ings; but his mother's persuasions had kept him at the IIighland home, and it was through her that he was ever brought to make love to Isabel and consent to a marriage with her, the prettiest lass in the conntry. As be thought of his bride awaiting him, lc determined to strain every nerve, risk every danger, to reach the Fellsido farm in tilme. lIe started on acain at a brisk pace. A great, gusty drift drove hIim back; but be was on his feet again in an inetant, and on his way; he was resolved not to keep his bride anti her wedding-guests wait ing. But the darkness deepened and the snow shut him in like a winding sheet. Ile paused a second time, and strained hisj eyes to pierce the gloom. lie could just make out tihe clark hill-line beyond which was illack Hollow Grange. lie had wandered miles out of his way, for tihe Fellaide farm nestled in a shel tered valley far below. lie turned to retrace his steps, when a glimmering light came before ihis eye, It evidently gleamed from the window of the II unted lManor. Ambrose stood and looked at it with bated breath and distended eyes. For years lie had trnld these mountain paths, and nenver before iad he seen a light in that abandoned and accursed dwelling. What did it mean ? It was an old, old place, this U?igh\\\° land manor, green with, moulds owls, and ghosts, too, the simple hill-folk averred. Iluman creatures shudder as they passed its ponderoos gates, and few dared set foot in its mouldering halls. IHe stood there, and a great owl fluttering down the stair-way frightened him, hero as he was, well.nigh out of his senses. lie thought of it now, and of the old stories he had heard from tihe lips of the Ilighland. dames, as ie fixed his eyes upon the glim mering light, andt wondered if the murdered lady had come out of her grave to visit the manor this stormy night. But there was a little superstition in his nature, and he drew a deep breath and started on again, fancying that he was going toward the valley. But that twinkling light in tihe window of tile IIaunted Manorseemcd to draw him upwanl with a strange power. For hiis life he could not keep Ihis eyes from it, as Ihe slowly struggled through the blind. Ing annow. At last ihe fell, faint and breathless, anl hie rashly resolved to rest for a few mao ments. Gradually tihe white drifts covered him like a winding-sheet. A sweet, lnrilg forgetfulness slowly stole over him, anti is eyes closed. Suddenly realising that to sleep was todie, he struggled to his feet. lie stumbled on again, that glimmering light before his eyes. It was close at hand now and lazed as be was, he Ifancied e was nearing the Fellside farm, and saw tihe light shining from his bride's window. He staggered on, with a glad cry, until he fell again, ihis strength utterly gone. As Ine dropped upon thesnow Ihe clutched at some white, spectral tling which rose above the drifts. A chill of horror passed through him. ie srtnuggled to his feet, still clasping tihe spectral thing, anil glaring about him with dilated eyes. Tohls amazement Ihe realises that his footsteps Ilave led him to the shunned precincts of tihe Black Hollow; and a chill of horror creeps through his veins as lhe discovers that he stands beside the stone cross above the murdered Indy's grave. A hoarse cry breaks from his lips. lie relaxes Ilis grasp of the ice cold grave-stone, and falls face downward in the snow. leow long Ine lies there ihe never knows. A shrill cry of agony brings him to his senses-a woman's cry. " Murder I Murder l" Ambrose gains his feet, new life running through his chilled veins. The yellow light twinkles in plain view, and he makes his way toward it. lie crosses tile Black Hollow, climbs tihe snowy steep, and dashes through? tihe open gate Into tihe wide park. The ol nmanor looms up distinetly before him, all its turretso and chimneys darkly defined in the whirling snow. "Mnfrder I Murder I Again tihat awful cry, shrill and wil, above tihe clamor of tihe storm. Ilo looks up, andt at tile lighted window ie sees a face. Only for an instant, but in that instant hIe recognises it as the face that has haunted his dreams since the hour ihe saw it intthet moonlit valley below. \\\'hitn and wild with mortal agony and terror, it Ilashes upon him for a moment; in the next it is gone, and the yellow ligthtsuddtleny dis nppears. uA great throe of pain and rapture stirs his breast. Through the drifts lie dashes on. Ile will save her, or die in the attempt. He reaches the terrace, and grnpis along to tile front entrance. The door swings ,ei its hinges, ani hie dashes into the wide, windy hall, A blast like the breath of the grave meets hirm, chilling thie blood in his veins. iBut Ine does not pause. lie rushes on, andl his hand is on the railin, of the black stair.way, when a last cry Inreaks the sllence-a cry so piteous, so imploring, nso full of mortal terror and agony, that it brings an answer from his lils. Shouting until the vaulted arches i ing withl tine echo of his voice, ie gos lealine ip tihe stairs; but ere he reaches the uinti landing somethling clutches him ; a strone hand grapples his throat; a swift, sharp bladle pierces hit, and he is hurled headhne down the broad steps. IIHardly aware of the extent of his inij v but conscious of Ihis fast waningll slret h, lie struggles to hisn feet andl stagueus arloull. For only a few minutesR he is able to keep his feet, and then he drops unconscios ii n the snow. 