Steer North-East; A Legend of the South Atlantic. [WRITTEN FOR THE 'QUEENSLANDER' CHRISTMAS SUPPLEMENT.] CHAPTER I. HELL AFLOAT. BY L.L. I have called the following narrative a legend, and in one sense it is so. It is a legend, though, only in so far that it is exceedingly difficult, if not altogether impossible, to, at the present day, trace through the mauy long years that have passed away, with any degree of exactness^ the accompanying iucidents aud characters which weTto make Kup the detail- of what most people will deem a strange and incredible story. It is, oven in its unadorned simplicity, essentially a romance o£ the sea, and not the least curious Mid thrilling of the many. It U told in its bare out lines of the wreck, the raft, the apparition, and the rescue, in every ship of every civilised nation that sails the seaa. Aud that the occurrence did actually take place, I, myself, have very little, doubt. There ara forces in Nature of which the wisest men who ever lived aud died in the cause of Science, iv our own or any other century, were a , ignorant sis little children. But. apart altogether from the mere physio logical view of the question, is it requiring so very much—is it such an ouormous demand on our faith, that we should be asked to creditthat He who placed the undying spirit in its earthly ( tenement should, if it so seemed good to Him, ; detach it therefrom to »peed on its way for help to the oxhausted and expiriuff boay V I think not —not even if we have faith equal but to the grain of mustard seed spokon of iv the parable. As I have said above, the merest outlines of the story alone have descended to the present eeueratiou of seafarers. Those outlines I have attempted to.fill iv with actors aud incident; to clothe the bare framework with a drapery of romance—whether becoming and appropriate or not, I will leave to my readers to decide. • Captain Joshua Skinner, commander of the ship Forest Queeu, of Boston, U.S.A., was, it is to be hoped, even in the days of which we write, an exceptional specimen of the American ship master. A loud-voiced, foul-mouthed, over bearing, drunken scoundrel, ever ready with kuifo. pistol, or iron beiaying-pin, it was his proud Wst that every vessel be sailed in he succeeded in making "a hell afloat of. Time aftor timo had he appeared in criminal courts, charged with cruelties of the most revolting de scription towards his men, but only to be in variably let off with a line of a few hundred dollars—there was oue law, even then, for Jack, and another for his master—till, reudered bolder than ever by continued immunity, he now scarcely placjd any bounds at all to his outrageous treat ment of his crew. ... , Tho Forest Qneeu harself was a new vessel, one of the cla« of which it used to be said that they worn • built by tho mile, and cut off to order ' She was now bound on a kind of specu lating voyage about the world, to puk up hap hazard freights, and anything else she could get hold .if, as soon as her cargo of • notions' should be sold or bartered. At the time our story opens t.h« For. st Queen was rapidly ayproadung the latitude of the Cape of (*ood Hope, Captain Skinu.sr having so.ne idea of favouring theresi deuts of Cape Town, Port Elizabeth, and Natal with a call, and endeavouring to get rid of his clocks, h imp, clotbps-pe<.'B, patent stoves. &c.;, &c.; Ho was eveu open to an offer for the vessel her self. Kuowiifg her character as he did, he was woll aware that she mi^ht just as likely a? not, iv the iirst storm of unu-m&l; violence they encoun tered, fnll to pieces under his feet. It wus four li.-lla—tho oud of tho iirst: dog watch, a time which, on moat veasoln, except iv a case of necessity, id, till 8 o'clock, giveu up to the crew as au interval of leisure before the night watches. Not so ou board the Forest Queeu. The lust strokes of the bell had scarcely died away when the gruff order, 'AH hauds pump ship!' was bawled in stentorian tones aloug the deck; and for two long hours the port aud starboard watches, iv sullen Bileuco, worked at the great tly-wheels, whilst a deluge of clear sea-water rushed up from below, and frothed aud rolled to aud fro about tho deck till, tho scupper-holes not bciug able to curry it on fast enough, it rose half-way up the naked legs of tho toiling seamen. At length all the pumps sucked, and the cap tain, who had stood at tho break of the poop tne whole time smoking a long cigar, muttered to himself, ' The blasted bandbox, she makes more water every watch !' Theu, turning, to his chief officer, he exclaimed, 'Lookee here, Mister Russell, those lazy beggars iv your watch dou't half throw their fat carcasses about. Remember, they'll pump her out themselves ut 12 o'clock, before the other watch is called.' The above was iuterspersed with many an oath, and the speaker glared fiercely arouud at he finished, oue hand bidden in the breast of the pilot-jacket that he wore, only seeltiug for a pre tence, as everyone well knew, of using the pistols he always carried th rj. Not, however, being able to find fault with the prompt ' Ay, ay, sir of his first mate, a quiet, handsome, well-bred young Nova Scotiau, the captain went below and mixed himself a tumbler of grog—which process consisted in filling the glass half full of strong fiery rum, and then clinking it agaiust the water-Jug. Having swallowed this nightcap he turned into his cot. The starboard watch now also went below,' and the first mate and the port watch had the deck. The youug officer was heartily sick of both ship and commander by this time. The other mates, second and third, together with tho boat swaiu, were men after the captaiu'a own heart, and this was their third voyage with him; so that youug Russell had to fight his battles alone, although to tight, iv the practical meaning of the term, would iudeed have been madness utter and complete; hi 9 buttles were ones of self-repression aud stern endurance But he had resolved that at the first port entered the Forest Queeu aud himself should part company. Jasper Russell was the only sou of very well to-do people, his futher beiug a merchant iv a large way of business, living in Halifax, N.S. He had chosen his present profession from pure love of tho sea, and uutif that most unlucky day ou which he had shipped with Captain Skinner things had goue pleasantly and well with him. Ho had met that wily skipper tirst in Halifax, whither Captain Joshua had gone on private business, and, seduced by that worthy's oloqueut description of the delights of n long voyage over half the wateis of the world, he had yielded to the voice of tho charmer, aud agreed to soil with him as his chiof officer. Aud be it here remaikod tliat Skiuuer ashore and Skiuuer at sea were very different personages —especially wheu, a* iv Jasper's case, the former had in view an object to be gained. .Then, to use the homely expression of one of his victims, ' you wouldn't think that butter would melt in his mouth.' Iv Boston and most other ports ajong the eastern seaboard he was bo well kuowu that few officers or men could be fouud to ship with him could they possibly help it. Jasper, however, had been unaware of all this. Russell had but just passed his examination for first mate, and thought himself lucky in getting a step so much sooner than he hud any right to expect it, and without serving yet a few more years' drudgery as second. So, in au evil hour for himself, Jasper came straight from Halifax to Boston, and from the day that the cranky leaky Forest Queen had left harbour his life had been a misery to him. Captain Joshua seemed to take a real delight in tormenting the young fellow, and be sure the others followed suit. This night, for instance, he knew he would not be able to get below till at least 3 o'clock. It was customary to call all hands to pump ship at 12 ; but now his watch alone must do It, and that meant only an hour's sleep and then on deck again at 4 o'clock in tho morning, a piece of arbitrary tyranny against which his whole being revolted, as much for his men's sake as for his own. But he knew the only altornative was a pistol bullet, so calmed himseir- us well as he could, hopiug that his turn might come some day. It did come, and sooner than he had ex pected. The crew was a rather mixed lot, the majority being Germans, with oue Dane and three African blacks; these last and the Northlander far and away the beat of the whole crowd. It was a lovely moonlight night, and the Forest Queen glided majesticnlly before the freshening breeze as if. iustead of being the worse than floating coHiu she really was, she were, indeed, a monnrch, not of the forest, but of that lone waste of waters which shimmered aud glistened under the moonbeams. The first mate, leaning ngaiust the weather mizzen vaug, had beeu thinking sadly onough of loved faces far away—faces that, at times, a dread foreboding came over him he would never see more—when he was recalled to a sense of his position and its responsibilities by the voice of the helmsman—the Dave beforernentioued—who respectfully drew Jasper's attention to a low black bank of clouds rapidly rising on the port quarter, at the same time informing him that she vas * vail off dree point.' This Dane, an old and experienced seaman named Andersen, and the thiej darkies, who were also in his watch, were entirely devoted to the young officer, who, indeed, was well like.l by almost all the crew, with the exception of the captaiu and his following. • We.l, Andersen,' he asked, after v long look around, • what do you think of it 'r' Andersen, in general a remarkably grave and taciturn man. answered at ouce: 4lt blow, sir, iv dree hour like as der very duy vel. Der bauk is vull of it.' For the last few hours the ship hal beeu bowl ing along uuder topgallant stu'u' s'ls. But these, with the fore aud mizzeu top- gallant sails, were soon tukeu iv, aud Jasper was just debattug with himself whether to take the main one off her into the bargain, or to first cull the captaiu, wheu that worthy himself made his appearance on deck, evidently half- dmuk. First lookiug into the compass, he orderod Au dersen, with au oath, not to De keeping tho ship away when she'd lie three points nearer her course. ' Down with your helm aud let her como to, you Dutchman!' roared the bully, en forcing the ordor, at the same time, by a sharp rap over the man's knuckles with the butt of his revolver. Andersen obeyed silently, but the look he gave the captain was not good to see. Skiuuer, then, with many nu opprobrious epithet, and a threat of sending him for'ard, ordered Jasptr to put the cuivas on her again, winding up with • What she can't carry let her drag! You • fivih-watdr sailor, you . You're as scared as a rat if you only a:e a cloud cjiuo across the moon. Bali, you ought to bo at homo with your mammy." The leaches of the topsails were all shaking as the hclmsmun attempted to let the vessel come up to her course; but, in spite of that uud tho threatening look of tho weather, the foro and mi/zcu top-gallant sails weie again loosed uud sheeted home, whilst, to the captain's disgust and auger, and the secret gleo of Andersen, the vcssol kept breaking oIY every few minutes, v point, almost, at a tinvj. So far, on her passage from Boston, tho Forest Queeu hud experienced remarkably fine weather, never having had moio than a single reef in her topsails the whole way. It was, said the crew, a state of things too good to lust. Aud indeed it scorned so, for, us four bells struck, tho bunk, which hud been risiug to win lward, overspread the moon, blotting it out completely. In a few minutes wore tho whole sky from horizon to hori zon was full of uurknes.-. The air, too, was full of it. It seemed to envelop tho ship as in a shroud. It was us tho darkness uf Scripture, ' which might befolt.' Now, too, the breeze, hitherto fresh aud strong, died completely away, aud the so lately set sails hung listlessly down from the yards. The change was so rapid, so sudden, so utter, from the lovely night to the thick, starless, moon less darkness, that, for the space of a few minutes, no one spoke. Everybody seemed awed and terri fied by the almost supernatural eclipse. Suddenly, ou every yard-arm uud at the mast heads, sprung ap pale lambent flames, flickering unsteadily, and only serving to make the gloom more hideous. Faint mouuiug noises seemed to dart hither and thither around the vessel, 8 >uud ing to tho ears of tho startled seamen liko fore boding voices of disaster an I death. Jasjier was one of the first to recover his presence of mind uud, hearing the captain's voice nowhere, gave his orders quickly and decidedly. Everything—royal, topsail, aud topgallant halliards—was let go by tho run. But all too lato. Two or three vivid Bashes of lightning, one appalling clap of thunder, and (he huiri oaue, lor it was little else, was upon them at last. Right over on to her beam ends the Forost Queeu was pressed; then, with a simultaneous crush, clear away to leewurd went the threo top masts, aud the vessel, relieved of all the wood uud cauvas which hud beou bearing her down, at ouca righted and tore through the rupidly-risiug seus under her fore and main courses aud fore topmußt stays'l at a higher rate ot speed than ever her builder in far-away Mirimichi could have deemed possible. And now the storm tioud, who hud kept aloof for so long, worked his will upon his victim to his heart's content, roaring round her in furious ecstasy, shriokiug aud whistling through her tightly-strained ringing, antl bellowing in the hollows of her great main uud fore suits. The durkuess was still intense, aud Jasp?r, who had been busy for'ard, making his way aft could just discern by the light of the biuuucle lump Audcrseu straining every uervo to keep the ship before tho wind. Culling nn ither man to take the lee-wheel he now procoedod to look for tho captain. Desceudtng tho cabin stairs he found ovory thiug in darkness, but from the captain's state room came the sound of voices. Uncere moniously pushing open the door he saw by the dim light of a swinging lamp his commander and tho Yuukee second mate sitting at a small table with between them a larga jug, upon which the skipper was keepiug a tight nolu to prevent it from slipping away in one of the tremendous lurches the ship gave every now aud again. Ctptain Joshua no sooner caught sight of Jasper than he exclaimed to his companiou with a string of oaths : * Lookee 'ere ! Thore he is !' There's our tine freshwater sailor ! He's tho boy <au take sticks out of a boat! You bet!' Then, addressing Jasptr, ho coutinued, 'Blast you, go for'ard into the fok'sle, where your proper place is. Why, damme, if the fellow ain't as drunk as a — fiddler !' Young Russell was for a moment fairly stag gered by this last accusation. But, on the second mate's adding, with a grin, * Drunk! O' course he's drunk! You can see it in bis eyes," he retorted passionately: ' Captain Skinner, it is yourself and that man who are disgracefully drunk. Both of you deserted the deck, like the pair of cowards you are, in the height of the gale, leaving me to work the ship single-handed. But if we five to get to Capetown I'll take good care others shall hear of your conduct.' Crack! crack! went a couple of revolver barrels as the skipper's weapon was brought into instant use; and a good thing it was for our hero that Captain Joshua was a few sheets in the wind, as, from constant practice, he had become a first- class shot. As it was, one bullet grazed his cheek aud the other lodged in the mizzen-mast, against which he was standing. This was too sharp a hint to be negloctert, and its recipient mado his way on deck again rather hastily. It was four bells (- o'clock) in thn morning watch. All hands with the exception of a few who were skulking for'ard in the forecaitle were ou deck. Far from subsiding, the gale soemol rather to increase in fury. Great splits begau now to appear in the main course, and it was evidently only a question of minutes with that sail. Sending a man to re lieve Andersen at the wheel. Jasper, with h-'s help and that of the three black seamen, reefed the trysail, pulliug out the foresail and loosoniug the lower brails. The wind wa9 getting the least bit quarterly, ju»t enoujfh to let the small sur face of canvas draw. Scarcely had this been accomplished when the ma:usail, with a loud report, blew clean out of the bo.tropes. vanishing like a white flash amidst the surrounding gloom. For a while the wind had kept the sea down, but now the latter began to get too strong for it, and the Forest Queen made terribly bad weather amongst the huge billows, each oue of which threatened to ci gulf her. At the best of times «ne was but a poor steer ing boat, now she seemed perfectly un manageable ; aud three points each way was to be considered a fair thing. Looking for'nrd from the wheel, her bows would bo seeu to ascend hi^h in the air, pause a moment, then sweep round to port, until tardily checked by the rudder ; now a wild staggering nourish to starhoard, back afrain onco more, then buried iv foam and green water up to tho foot of the foremast. Jasper, ordering thn pumps to be sounded, went for'ard into the forecastle to look for the car penter aud the third mate, of whom he hud seeu nothing since the storm Hrst broke. To his disgust he found not ouly them but the stownrd aul hilf the port watch lying in their bunks speechlessly diuuk. Anderseu. however, soon procured the sound ing-rod, and presently rcporle 1 that thore was over Gft. of water in the well, adding, ' I bdi«fs, sir. a" she oopons out below liko yon damu hen coop!' Clank! clank! went tho juimps npmu, nn Jasper mus'.erjd all the bauds available. Cluuk ! clank! to the rusli and roar of water, the howling and ahriekiug of the tempest, aud the cruck of straining timbers, till, at lust, daylight feebly broke through the darkness, aud a faint greenish* gray horizon made itself visible in patches us the latxHiriug vessel rose heavily vow uud uguiu ou the summits of the groat Atlantic rollers, fonm flecked uud threatening. The men, almost woru out by the incos&iut; pumping uud the labour of the night, were now forced to take ;i spoil, although, in spite of ull their efforts, they hud scarcely lowered tho water six inches. About eight belts the ciptuiu came ou dock, and to Jailor's great s irpriso gnetedliai with civility uimi st, us it' guessing that, hiddou in his jacket pocket, tho young man uri-ped au iiou l)c!ayiuy-piu, with which, at the first sign of dauber, he hud determined to I>r.iin his com mundor before the latter would have time to draw his pistol. Joshua was too jwlito. He even complimented his chief officer ou the way he had worked the ship through it all. But his manner was strangely contradicted by the sullcu vindictive look in his small bloodshot eyes, und Jasper instinctively felt that his life w as in peril. The second mate now made his appearance, aud apologised moat cringingly for his behaviour of the, previous night, imputing it to an overdose of rum. He, too, begged his superior to get a litrle rest, whilst the captain and himself took a watch. Jasper felt more uneasy thun ever. He waa, how ever, nearly worn out, and an hour or two's repose had hecoino un imperative necessity. Looking therefore as uueoucerued as ho could he said: ' Yes, lam a bit knocked up. But wouldn't it be as wo!l to heave her to before I ro bolow ?' 'fro, no, Mr. Uussell,* replied tho captain, 'I've uover seen her so; and I believe that she'd smother every mother's son of us, if we were to try it in a .sea like this. These long sjftwood wedg«B of ships never do well laying-to. Where are all tho skulking ciowd of Dutchmen 'i I don't see a mau ou deck. Come for'urd, Mr. Nurso (to the second mate) and let's rouse 'em out and get tho pumps under weigh again.' Jasper could hold out no longer, so descended to his berth, which was situated on the port side of the quarter-deck just under the break of the poop. Locking himself in, he barricaded the door with every movable he could lay his bauds on, including his heavy sea-chest. Next, divesting himself of his sodden oilskins and bo >ts, he put on dry clothes aud prepared t> turn iv 'all s andinjr.' At this moment, through all the utroir of wind and seaj a sound of yelling und cjrsiug reached his ear*. Looking through the little, barred, thick glass wiudow that gave a view from his cabin for'urd, ho saw thtce men, the captain, the scooud mate, and tho boatswuin, driving before tlrnn the whole crjw like a flo.k of sheep, Cutting, kicking, and belabouring them with fists, boots, aud capstiu barn. None seemed to dream of offering resistance, whilst some of them sti.l halt'-clruuk, fell iuto the water that, ankle high, incessantly swept the deck. Others, of those who had hut just knocked off pumping, did the same, but from sheer weariness, only to ba dragged up agaiu and kicked for fulling. I'resoutly, us Jasper watched —though the sight was no novelty to him —he saw one of tho blacks and a German sailor named Huns turn and apparently remonstrate with the captain. The latter, at onco dropping the bar ho was wielding, drew a pistol from his breast, fired, and both men fell almost together. There seemed to te a momeut's pause. Then, the others, seeing the deadly weapon still pointed towards them, rushed in a body to the pumps, leaving the two corpses to wnsh backwards and forwards in the blood-stained water which swirled from side to side of the ship with every rolling lurch she gave. This ghastly sight filled Jasper with horror, and for the moment effectually banished all ideas of sleep from his mind. To shoot at men, and, per haps, as in his own case, raise a furrow along one's cheek, or knock the marline-spike out of another's hand as he worked away at something aloft, was an almost daily occurrence on board the Forest QueeD, so common as to excite, indeed, little notice or comment. To, however, slaughter two poor wretches in cold blood and deliberately, as had just been done, was horrible, and Jasper longed to leap out and straugle with his own hands the cruel miscreant who thus abused his power. ' Just then the capta'n and tho second mate ap proache.l his berth leaving the boatswain to keep the m?u at work. Jasper, thinking that his turn had come, grnsped his beluyiug-pin and stood close to the door. ' It'll cost me $500,1 guess,' the skipper was eaymir, .' iv spite of the mutiny dodge. Bnh ! what's that? I'll take two more at the same price; and*, you bet! young whipp3r-snapper, iv there, '11 be one of 'em. I'll learu him to talk about blowing the gaff when he get* to Cape town !' The second mate then said something wh'ch Jasper iailed to catch, but it was, apparently, a request for the loan of a pistol, for Joshua replied: 1 Nr, no, my sonny, I never let them out of my own hands. You needn't be tcared. They've had a lesson they won't forget in a burry. Go aud put on your knuckle-dusters, and the fint man that looks crooked wade into 'em all again. And, hirkee. Nurse, just tell that chum of yours —that third idiot you were so anxious to get rated—that if I catch him for'ard amongst the hands again I'll let davlipht through h m. The handle of Jasper's door was now gently turned, but, fin ling everything fa9t, the pair moved away. Shitting his mattress out of his bunk on to his chest, Jasper at length lay down, feeling that he must have sleep or die. Ho was pretty certain that no oue could enter now with out awakening him. Sd busily, however, was the young fellow's brain employed in turning over aud over the most extraordinary expedients by which to get out of his evident peril, and which, as fast as they presented themselves almost, had to be abandoned as hopeless and impracticable, that Iwfore he fell asleep <he clauk of the pump 9 had cea-c I, and he heard the port watch, his own, ordered bnlow. Jasper Russell never knew for certain how long he slept after leaving off in despair the tryiug to solve the problem his brain had been working at. But he never forgot the way he wus awakened. Thore was first a fearful shock, accompanied by a Bound as of an immense mass falling from ahovu on the vessel. Tnen she seemed to quiver and tremblo iv every plunk; then to lie still. Jasper had just time to sit up iv dismay, when his door wua burst open, uud a great green mass of water poure.l into his berth, tilling it up to the dock, uud with its back-wash carrying him away liko a chip outsile, dashing him against tho after capstan, under the poop ladder, and finally into the saloon, whero, gasping, choking, half drowued, ha mauugod by cliug.ug to oue of the legs ot" the tuble, which wus linnly scn-wnd down, to resist iUr a moment the auction of tho imprinoue I watnr iirnmd him. Whilst painfully (.rawing hU breath iv convulsive solis, a seouiui and still more terrible shock was felt, again the saloon aud decks rille.l, aud Jasper, torn from his >ol ling, wus buoyed ui> through a great gap where the cabin .>ky light had onco stood. To the edge« of this, with h'ugers cut and bleeding by the remains of the thick glass, he clutig with, desperate euergy, till, the water pouriug away for'urd, ho raised himself all bruise I aud cx haut>ted as he was on to the poop. The Forest Queen h:id bronched-to and swept her decks. A cloau sweep indeed '. For, as Jasper lo>kedfore and aft, not a vestige of anything nould be seau. Deck-houses, galley, most of tho bulwarks, skylights, boat?, evcu the wheel with its helmsmen, all were gone in ono fell swoop. Thanks to her fore-stays til aud goose-wiuged trysail, the ship lay to after a fashion ; but sho mado awful weather of it, and appeared to Jasper to lie terribly deep in the water. Out from uudor thoir top-galluut fok'sle now emerged a few drenched horror-stricken men. H.;veu of them, a'l told. Tho port watch, aud tho sole survivors of the ship's company. • Dey is all gone,' said tho Dauo coining aft to where Jasper stood, • overy vuu of dcm. Ship per, gieaser, dird mate, an' bo'suu! Dey aro all buruiug iv hell by dis!' Not ouly had all the offlcors except himself beeu taken overboard, but tho wholo starboard watch with them were now struggling amidst the foam ing yeasty world of waters out yonder, or were already ' deeper than e'er plummet souuded' bo ne ith its waves. No wonder that Jasper felt confounded for a whilo at tho suddenuess and ex tent of the catastrophe. However, siou recovering himsolf, he sent Au dersen alott as far as ho could get to see whether he could make out auy of the unfortunate, for wh mi something might bo done, all helpless us they themselves were. Soou a shout came down from the mizxon mast hea I, and the Dane was seen poiuting to leeward. Jasper, jumping upon tho rail, could juetmako out something like a mm's head, a mere dark Rl»ot amidst the foam, bobbing up and down in one of tho deep watery gullies that yawned, now close to, now half-a-m lc away. ' All nt onco, a monstrous wave l>ore the swim mer along on its summit and, actually for a few b»c »nds, seemod as if about to precipitate itself and him ou the vessel's deck, and J.isper, holding his broath and gaziug upward?, could Bee an I recognise every lineament in the dis torted fear-stricken face which looked down so appealiugly iuto his. It was '.ho captain's. Joshua Skiuner had fai'ed his last ship and sworn his last oath. A mightier than ho had giveu him his sealed orders for an unknown port, a port iv which there were no skilful lawyers to defend or complaisant judges to pass over Iln shooting of unarmed man as the mere outcome of a drunken frolic, or as the consequence of a trumped-up Attempt at mutiny, but ono iv which overy act of hi < bullying, drunken, murderous life would be calmly wcighod and judged, for and against, by tho Ciro.it Captain Himself. Jasper never to his dying day forgot the wild despairing expression in th'>se glassy staring oyes as for oiih brief second, hovering on the wry brink of otornity, thoy gazed into his own. Thui with a mir tho great billow tlouo I away, far awny, towards the dark horizon, bearing with it a cnuio-Biainod human soul. CIIAPTEK 11. OCEAN MAUTYKK. Jaapor, now commander of the Forest Queen, tngother with his scanty crow, was not long iv realising how truo it is that— Woeit cluster; lure arc Holitary woe*; They love a truiii, they tread eucb otlier'i) lioelfl, making the discovery, as they very soon did, that their ship was stukiu/; slowly—owiug perhaps to the gr-iat quantity of wooden articles she curried a nongst her cargo—' ufc all too surely. She lay almost awmh, with a dull heavy lifc tass motion which betokeneJ only too eloquently the te r ble nmouut of water that was pouring into her; probably, Jasper thought, from some butt started in ouo of those wild plunges whilst striving to run bofore the gule when at its height. The foresail had blown away duiiug the time Jasper had been below, but uulike the main oue it hod parted iv long strips, some of which still cracked and snapped from tho jackstay iv volleys of sharp report?. The longboat, quor er, and lifo boats wero gone —->leau goue< Their only hope, if it could be called H.ich, was a ta.it. The next question was what to construct it out of. There was manifestly no time to get tho few spars still aloft on deck, for overy lurch the vessel gave iniirht, to all ap pearance, prove her last one. Howevor, lashed securely to the ringbolts on tho port side was a honpof limbot—i couple of spare topmasts, half a dozen lower stunVl booms, and as many yards, together with p.irt of au old lower mast. It was a forlorn chance indeed in such a sea and iv such weather. But it was the sole oue. And iv a few minutes tho men werebucy workiug up to their kuees iv water, biudiug and lashing tuoso spars together in the shape of a rude triangle. The Dane and the two darkic, encouraged and directed by Jasper, worked like tigers. Tno other four German seamen, it is true, worked also, but with a kind of milieu apathy that. refused to be cheered, stopping every now nnd ugain to look hopelessly out ov< r the vast wilder- JIO3S of augry, leadon-oolouiod, white-tippad waves amidst which they knew that presently they would bo to-siug in their frail structure. They had lost heart, cour.ige, everything that in tho hour of peril show tho man. If thcro ha 1 beou rum handy they would liavo soaked them hclvos iv it till all consciousness was gone, then met their doom like tho cowards they were, •lust at this momout, could a watcher have looked down fio:n above upon the Forest Queen, lio would havo seeu somothiug to l>e remembered. There, amidst the rushing and eddying of the witling water, und;r tho dreary lowering sky, moved through the dull grayish atmosphere a j/roupof drenched, dispirited, toiliug men, ninny of whom had not broken their last for hours. Homo wore attempting to lash crosspieces to the now finished framework, often washed off their feet fel'o they had time to pass a singlo turn. Others, agft'n, wore fixing a few gratings and n couple of deck-hous3 doors, which had been stopped fio n going overboard by the houp of Hp»f.s when tho ship broichcd-to, and w. rj now to serv.) as a jioir makeshift for a deck to the raft. Presently tho ship would pive one of her flie:<euiti<? lurches, and the next instant cveryoue would be holJiug on ;or dear lifr # as soa aftor sea raine thuuderiug over her, seeming as if they would wash tha workers, raft aud all, bodily ovorboard. Tlie vessel her;olf, with her Uiren nakod lower »nasts gleaming s|iectrallv white thr.uigh the .*i-ni-dnrkniss. never st.'ady for a single moniont, iatntfie tinu> rolling till het* 1 )vvit vaids \\\\-<<n> iv ithero.iter half wny up to the sliiifjs, thonlimbing ili^avilvi AS if about to go down altogether: all Viw st'iiiHs opening, her bulwarks gnio, her dorks . if gucli £lipy could bo called whore nil was »wator —affotrding scarce foothold for the men, \\.vas indeed a spectacle to mike the stoutest boul despair, :mdt> excuse somewhat the frightened glances which the poor .^hucMeriug Uermuis from time to time Cist aroiniil them. Throughout thi< terrible period Jasper showed that he \v;is ' true grit.' C>ol and collected, he kept his men tosethcr. and, although himself, secretly, ulmo«t without hope, he t:ied his best to iufu.-e s )iue into the bro:ists of his comrades iv misfortune. More, circumstanced in like mauuor, can no man do. . It was now nearly dark, so much timo had their slow and painful efforts takcu up. Tho vessel was submerged to such an extent that the raft astuallv Hoated on her decks, aud was only kept in its placo by lines carried to the fore aud mam bitts. It seemed almost a miracle that the ship herself did not fouuder. Jasper, seeing that not a mmute was to bo lost, at last gavo tho order to cut away and shovo off. Sharp knives sou slashed through the steadyiug liues. A great wavo washed them clear of tho wreck, and, in a second, they were out iuto the wild roaring ocean. Blinded by tho incessant rush of spray, half suffocated by tho breaking seas, yet th'.'ir botumbod soddeu fingers clutched with tho intensity of despair to the lashings of the raft, whilst tho billows playod with it, tossed it from ono to another, Bwept over it, whirled it around and around, launched it from ono watery m juutain trest to auother; now, down, down to the bottom of a deep abyss, i.ow thrown almost bodily in tho air like a shuttlecock. Oceau had, at leugth, iv its cruel power the proy so long denied to it: and more titan once rang out, shrill and startling above ull the roar of wind and water, tho last long shriek of ngony as its victims wore toru from their hold and hurried away into darkness and eternity. Daybreak at last! The awful night was over. But J.tspir. as he staggered to his feet, bruisod, weary, all but exhausted, could count dinging to the spars, halt" immorsed in water, but four mou. Those were Snm. one of tho blacks; tho Dane, Andersen : and two of the Germans. The others had pone during those terribla hours of darkness. Tlib jjalo began now to moderate a little, though tho sea was high as over. The timbers of the raft, hurriedly lashe I together, worked and chafed auaiust each othor ineeamatly ; so much, indeed, hid they 'given' iv places that Jasper momentarily expected to see the whole affair go to pieces underneath thc-m. The survivors wore cramped close together on the gratings. Still not a word was spoken. The bitterness of death its.'lf seemed to have enveloped theeo ttvo forlorn ones. They were iudcod in the Valley of tho Shadow, for hope in this world could thoy 8;o none. No water, no provisions, not one solitary article with which to sustain life iv their exhausted woatherboatou bodies. So they remainod during tho greater part of that day, instinctively cliuging to their frail refuge as tho big rollers dashed it to and fro. Towards evening the ma wont down some what, and tho sun shono out brightly on the poor castaways, warming their bruised s.ilt- cncrusted bodies, and drying ttieir saturated clothing. Just at sun-iHt hundreds of birds—:ilhatrr.B«o.«, gulls, and molly-auks—came screaming and wheeling round the raft, as if ill derision at the unhappy plight of its occupant?. Tiie first man to make a move was Anderson, who, standing upon one of the spars, reached out, and drew towards him a great albatross, which screame 1, beat the water with its wings, aud maHo vicious dnrts of its iron boak, till the Dane, pulling it on boaid, chopped off its head with his sheath-knife, applied his mouth to tho neck, and moistened his cracked aud salt-smarting lips with its warm blood. Throwing th 3 body down he almost directly grabbed auother, aud preseutad it to Jasper; and soou all hands were equally well supplied. One of tho birds wus now plucked aud d.vulod amongst them. Some mauaged togetthe t)ugh law morsels down, but their weak stomachs refused the rank fishy rltsh which, they presently averred, only increased their thirst by the mere tasting of it. Efforts were mado to catch more for the siko of the blcoi, but the rest, growing scared at the fluttering^ and cries of their companions, pro eutly took to flight. The castaways, now a little refroslied, took counsel together, aud began to consult as to their chances : and, slight, iudeed, though these seemed, Jasper did his beat to make the mo-t of them to his companions. His own idea, which however he took good caro to keep to himsalf, was that they were fur too near the Afr.can coast to stand much show of fall n£ in with any vessels, except, peihaps,a man-of-war, aud well he knew how few and far between were such craft in these waters. Aud so, apparently, did Andersen, who, as Jasper finished explaining to the men his hopes of being soon pickei up by eoine homeward bouudor or other, turned away his head with a faint smile, and presently whispered to his officer, 'No ship, sir, ever come into these seas 'less dey lot out o' their reckoning. De mate o' dem (pointing to the dead birds at his feet) very near dere roostin' place on de rocks of de coast by dis tirao.' Aud so feared Jnspor. On ono side the path less aud treacherous desert, on the other that element of whose tender mercies they weu having such a specimen at present. It was truly over again, a3 so often happens with men who go about thj world holding their lives in their hands, • hiciiht in Sii/llaui cupirim titan- C'/tariffx/iui. 1 And so another day slipped away iuto darkness. A gicat red moon roso solemnly over tho eastern horizon bathing theso poor waifs in its mild un feeling radiance; theu, as it slowly ascended, pouring a Hood of pale light on tho now goutly rippling t>ea, aud on the white spars of tho raft as it lay nonrly motionless. And now occurred one of those mysteries of the over mysterious oceau which defy all attempts at rational explanation. Across the water, to the oars of those ou tho raft, catno distinctly tho souud jib of the tolling of a great boll. As the first stroke roached thorn every man, as if moved by the one impulse, leaped to his feet and looked eagerly aud Lroathlc3»ly in the direction from which came tho (solemn measured knell. Iv vain they strained their aching eyes. For miles around the sea surface was visible a* at noonday, but not a singlo thing met thoir g:izo, whilst ou their ears, at measured interval*, B.note still that weird toll iug, now sounding afar over the sea, now as if alongside the raft, which actually appeared 1 o shake and vibrate with the deafening clangour, whilst tho next note wou'd seem as if struck miles awuy, nnd reached them only as the deep stroke of a it cathedral bell heard from a distance. Al length the noise ceased, aud the mcv, taking their eyes from each other's pal id faco.->, cast them once more across the water. In vaiu. Oaco more, So lonely 't wii_s that Oud himself 8c roe seemed there to be. Ami the moon male a pathway of dazzling silver for them to lloat in; aud the miuiattir• wavelets lip-lapped aga-iist the spars, which now threw huge, distorted, luugthy shadows, as of tho arms of an immouKc octopus, over the white water, as the fivo men again, without a word, took their old places; but, this time, with all tho earlier despair, augmented fiftyfold, gnawing at their hearts with that awful persistency thnt helj 8 to semi mauy :i brave muu to Ha-.les before his hour has ur.ived. Not ouo there, with perhaus the exception of Jasper, but believe 1 th.it he ha I hoard liw ya-siug bell, the waruing of his ap proaching fate. If they could but have forgotten thuir suffer ings iv sleep . They tried it. and fouud it im possible. Faint from want of fojd, biuised and enfeebled from the toirible knocking about they had received, both before and after leaving the ship, all they leomcd able to do was to stretch themselves listlessly out on the spars with, close to their ears, the gurgle of that water which promised so soon to be their sepulchre. Tho de id birds were still lying there, but each one of the unfortunates felt that had they boeu joints of cooked nu at, instoad of the fishy carrion they wero, it would still have b^en impossible to touch them whilst their moistureless tongues rattled iv their nruiths like lumps of dried greenhide. Tho burning toituro ot thirst was upon them, and their throats felt us if filled with hot lime. At longth, towards morning, Jasper dozod off into a sort of waking nightmare, during which his busy bruin reproduced a jumbled-up phantas magoria of recent events, confusedly iuter miugled with those of years long pnst nud gone. Bark again in tho old home. Suow, falling ficecily on to the spotless earth. He is standing at the window of tho familiar sitting-room iv the old house oa the hil', overlooking the shipping, and the hitrbour out of which he male his first voyage to sea. Presently the door opens, aud he turns to gieet his f»th 3i'. Iv his place appears Joshua Skiuner, with a smile of inalico on his lips, and a levelled pistol iv his hand. They close and struggle like domous. How fearfully hot the room has suddenly benomo! It must bo on fiie ! Rclcauug his pautiug adver sary, he rushos to the wiudow and tries to shatter thu glass uud escape out into the snow falling, falling, so incessau 1/, so white and so cool. Alas! the frog le panes turn to sheet iron before his g.izo, aiid his knuckle* are skinned uud bleouing. Aroused to a full consciousness of his misery by the heavy blow he has dealt the end of me of the BtuuVl booms, Jasper sits up and sucks the wound yrccdily. A blazing tropical sun was shining down upon his bare head, which felt asifscaldiug hot water was being poured over it. Tho sea was like oil, not a ripj le, not a Btirover nil its stagnant surface. No shade, no shelter anywhere from tho hot beating glaro which s omed to nhsorb all nature in its burning embrace. After a while, throwing off the deadly feeling of lethargy and despair which had seized him, J.o made shift to dip up water in his hollowed hands and batho his head with it. Then, stumbling to whero bis companions still lay prostrate, he shock t'icm, bidding them do likewise. As ho spoke, slowly and with pain, they gazed vacantly up at him, and ouo, the younger of the two Germans, smiled, and, rising to his knees, began to count hi* lingers, not audibly, but Jasper rould nee the pirchnd blackened lips moving, as ho t mcl.od tlio t'ps backwards and forwards, to and fro, from right to loft, from left to right, and always on tho ouo hand. Kneeling down, Jasper splashed tho mm water over them ull, ti 1 Anderson and tho other (lor mnu sailor s:tt up, staring hopelessly around them. Sam wus sensible, but seemed very wtak. He could not speak, but pointed repeatedly to his throat, a mute appeal unanswerable by any there. Nobody spoke much. There was so very little use. Death seemed such an absolute certaiuty that they preferred awaiting it in silence. Once, indeed, the Dane touched Jasper on the shoulder, Buying 'Look !' aud pointing at the same time to the bodies of tho dead birds. To his surprise, the young man saw that they were covered with blow-Hies. L-ind, if but a desert; fellow- creatures, if but the wildest savape°, would huvo been gladly huiled just then. But an unbroken horizon met Jasper's eager gaze as, with Andersen's help, he staggered to his feet. Nought but sky and water, with the ever burning sun over and through all. Where the insects came from was a mystery. It was just possible that they had been blown out to sea from the not-far-away African coast, and that their sharp orgaus of smell had directed them towards the raft, where, perhaps, their insti ct told them, also, would preseutly be gprend a far mightier banquet. J "sper must have now lost consciousness, and for asome little timo. When he again revived and looked round, he saw close to him the naked bjdy of tho darkey Sam lying on its belly, with the face just touching the water. He mado au effort to rise, but found that lie was too weak. Lying btck, he began to specu late, spite of bis sufferings, ou what the'poor wretch was doing. Could he be drinking the salt water a'l this time ? Jasper shouted to him to des'st. In placo of a voice came a faint rattle. Aud still the dark face lay level with the wuter, iv which an arm and hand wore immorsod up to the elbow. As ho watchod, he presently saw the arm quiver uud shake. Now it was drawn steadily out to its full length; now it sank slowly back through tho still water. Turning his head so as to enable him to look over the edge of the outside spar, Jasper could see a crowd of little fishes nibbling at and hovering arouud the black hand. Presently, ono or two of the largest of them, fixing their teeth in a finger, would swim away with it, till, brought up by the weight of the body, they were obliged to let it drop again; and he watched the:u repeat this performance at laust a do/eu times before it dawned ou his weakened brain that, wero he able to shont with the Bound of a trumpet blast, he could nevermore rouse ono who was past feeling hunger and heat, and thirst quenched for ever at Lethe's Rivor. As tho truth broke upon his mind, behold tho little fishes vauishou. The swarm of Hi9S, which hud forsakon tho birds, also rosa buzzing into tho air from oft the body. There was a sudden rush, a vision of white skin aud Hashing rows of whiter teeth, that made him draw back iv terror, and wheu he ugain looked a patch of blood-stained water alone showed what had happened. In a very few minutes afterwards tho sea around the raft was almost alive with shark*, fearless and bold, ns if aware of the inability of thoso on it to reseut their attacks. One of them even pushed his nose over on to the snais, as if auxious to ascertain the number anu quality of his victims. Jasper had boeu staring fixedly at the intruder, aud womleriug to himself whether it would venture to come any further, which it jcould well have done, for ju«t theu the raft was awash, when a fearful scream, quickly followed by nnother, fnirly startled him on to his knees. Tho j.oor mad Feaman, who had, however, ceased long before to count his fingers, had by same menus slipped down between two of the spars into the w:it->r and rested on them, sup ported only by his extended arms. His faco was horriblo to look upon. Distorted with agony, palo as that of a corpse, its eyeballs protrudiug, the cracked aud bleeding lips rlrawn tightly up from the white teeth, its exir-jssiou struck terror to the hearts of the throe haif-dead meu, who yet endeavoured to crawl towards th«; sufferer. He was only a few feet from where th*y had beou Ijing, but so feeble and weak were they th;it before they i-ould reach the spot they saw the eyos suddenly grow fixed aud gla»sy. Theu the jaw fell, the outstretched ;unn Hew upwards, the body wa.s violently shaken and tugged at from below, aud iv another momeut it was dragged like a Hush through the g;ip into tho water, whilst at thu same time the raft itself was spun round and round by the quick rushing of scores of ravenous monsters under neath it as thuy toro to pieces their already muti lated victim. They remained aghast, kneeling, Jasper on one side of tho fatal opening through which their shipmate had just disappeared. Audi r ;eu and thn Gorraau on the other, all gazing intently at tho critnsou-hued water wliic'i bubbled and gurj.'l .d up between the booms. At length, raising their oyes, they looked long and in silence at each other. Their narchud lips essayed to form some word of farewell, but iv vaiu. That dumb, but how eloquent, parting over, they crawled wearily, aud by iuches at a tiino, back to their places to die. Jasper's eyes grew dim. Raft, sun, sea. and sky reeled and swam before his failing vision. The end, then, had come at lust. Aud as he prayed within himself 'Lord bo merc'ful to me a sinner; receive my soul for Christ's dear sake,' a great pea?e seorae 1 to steal over bis woru-.out body—a calm so perfect, so sweet, so infinite, with such assurance of blissful rest and tranquillity, that his last thought wus, 'If this were indeed Death himself how foolish to have dreaded to outer into His kingdom, out of all the woo, disaster, aud suffering of life !' The setting sun cast a red glow over the ocean, illuming with his softened light the heap of spans aud the three motionless forms lying there so still; buthiug with a rosy splendour the pulo pinched features, falling carcsMugly on their poor heads, With hair ull encrusted aud matted with salt, till each shone in glittering niorkery as if besprinkled with precious stones; then, as ho grew lower, sheJdiug a da/./ling tlrunl of deepest purplo around, amidst which circled slowly tho ravenous sea- tigers questing for uioro blood, their great dorsal tins shiniug ljackly and sharply outlived aguinst the orb, ns they passed aud repassed across his tiery disc. Once more darkness descends ou tho face of thn waters, but this time unheeded, unfelt, by the throe, for do not uhoady their wan fiugt r i grasp That K<>W(.'n key That ope* the palate of eternity.' Chap ikb 111. ON nOAUD OF THE RKXOWN. And now, dear render, I will ask you to accom pany me, in fancy, to whore, "0) miles away, stoeriug 't south liy west course, f-jxiods along the gitod ship Kriiowii, bound for tlio Australian eolonios. Not otic of tho wcdge-shupi'd laluics "£ theso latter days was tlio old Uouowii. Broad in the hount and blutY in the bows, she rodo over the waves, not through them like the modern clippers who, after leaving the English Channel, take a dive, re-appear about the latitude of the C'upc of Good Hope; then, plunging down again, even tually, if lucky, turu up at their destination. None of these, I repe.it, was the Renown, but a British ship, built of British oak and irou, put together by British workmen. A ship in which successive decades of commanders uud seamen had lived and died, as in a home; for even Jack —wandering, fickle, ever-changing, restless Jack—once be sailed a voyage in the fteaowu, made a sea-settloraent, and stuck by hor us long as he was able. For over forty yean Lees had owned and sailod her, and her commander, as you and I, dear reader, step on board of her in niid-ocrau, is a Johu Loe still. It was his last trip, aud with him was his only daughter, Maggie, a bright-eyed winsome t)ovon maid of seventeen, with a face like the milky way i' the sky, A meeting of gentle lights without v name; her father's pet, and ihe idol of the six-aud-forty stalwart seamen who slung their hammocks in the capacious forecastle of the old ship, of which it used to be commonly said iv the West of Eng land that 'there was no getting a berth on her till a death took place, und that even then there would be it Lee to fill the gap.' Before the mast, as well as aft, you would find Lees, together with a fair sprinkling of Tres, Pole, aud Pens from the sister county. Captain Lee himself was a seuman of the sure, if slow, school, long ago shunted out of existence iv favour of a set of dashing young fellows— theoretical outcomes of the Board of Trade com petitive examinations, 'extra musters,' 'passed in steam,' ice, &c;, with asterisks before their names and letters aftor them, signifying unusual proficiency iv lunar observations ami a smattering acquaintance with the ologies; and who, as often us not, making a bold dash for a short passage, extinguish both themselves and their fast-sailing clippers iv a desperate attempt to take them by a short cut overland to their port. Every night in the second dog-watch, no matter what the weather, the watch on board the Kenown would leisurely bring the ship under short canvas—perhaps oven with a roof iv each topsail. Then, whqn snugged down, ut about eight bells, all hands would hie aft for their grog, aud the watch below would turn in, pretty certain of an uudisturled four hours'. Aud curiously enough, too, in spite of this ' fad,' as other skippers were wont to call it. the Renown made quite as good, and sometimo3 far better, average passages thau any of hor contemporaries. Captain Leo was a widower, and Maggie had passed the lust lew years of her life in tho family of a married brother of her father's, a part owner in the Rouown. She had, however, coaxed and persuaded the old man to let her accompany him on this the closing voyage of his long sea career. It was the second mate's watch from 8 till 12 ou this particular night. Tho port watch had long gone below; but father and daughter still continued to pace thu poop, talking lovingly of tho fair Devon country, aud making plans for their futuro together iv a certain pretty littlo cottage on a cliff overlook ng the ocean, in which the old skipper hoped to cud his days iv quiet. As the night advanced, the breeze began to draw ahead, aud the captain ordered the second officer, also a Leo, to have the yards braced up. ' Oh, father,' remarked Maggie, ' what a pity ! I wish wo could always have a fair wind. I long to get to Melbourne, and then once more for home aud dear old Euglaud !' 4 Never mind, my love, I daresay she'll lie hor course yet,' imswored the skipper as ha took a look at tho compass. • Ah, ltroiiking off still! Sharp up, Mr. Leo! Sharp up, if you please, mr !' Then, turning to his daughter, he said, 'Now, Mag. my dear, go below aud turu iv. It's time all little girls were in bed, Why, it's nearly seven bells, and I shall be looking for my bunk myself directly.' But the girl pleaded for another half an hour, declaring that she did not feel at a'l sleepy, and that it was such a lovely uight, so, of course, she had her own wuy, and the pacing up and down arm in arm was resumed. A brilliaut swiuging- lamp was burning in the siloou. Maggie was on the side next to the half opeu skylight, and as she passed, chaucing to look down, she saw what made her suddenly stop aud utter an exclamation of wonder, at the same time pulling her father round and pointing to tho ilguro of a man bending over the settee which ran around the cabin table and writing on the 1 jg-slate that lay open before him. Both the captain and his daughter after the first look were sure, although th»y could not see the face, that it was nonet of the ship's company. The figuro was tareheau'e I, and they noticed how thick und matted was the curly black hair that clusterod round tho temples, and how wetly the rough poajuckotit wore seemed to glisten under tho lamplight Thov noticed, too, how white and thin appeared the hand that lay on the dark tablecloth. At this moment the figure stood upright. They hcurd the pencil drop with a click upou tho slate, and tho lamp shone fully on the features of a young man of apparently three or four and twouty, whose face, as it was lifted up towards them, looked pule, haggard, and wan, as if through long suffering or disease, and with, oh, such v mournful appealing gaze in the dark eyes as made Maggio's heart ache with pity and com passion for she knew not what. Tho girl had never once takon her eyes off the figure, but now she turned to look at her father, whose glance at the same time met hers, and when they again looked the cabin was empty. Tho captain, with Maggie clinging to his arm, at once descended the companion, and walking along on the opposite side of the table to that on which the figure had stood, and drawing the slate towards him, he read aloud,' Steer north-east.' Yes, there it was, written in large firm charac ters fairly across one-half of tho slate. ' Steor north-east!' repeated the perplexed skipper over and over again. ' What on earth, or sea cither, does it mean, eh, my lass ? Could t have been a ghost, think ye, MagP' • Oh, father,' replied tho girl, who was trembling with excitement,' 'can't you see? The poor young fellow is shipwrecked; or he's either dead, or dying, or somothing terriblo at north-east. How pale and sad he looked! You must steer as ho tells you to at once!' And here Maggie fairly broke down and burst into tears. The old captaiu stared iv utter amazement at his daughter as she- concluded her father dis joiufel appeal, saying, irritably, after another look ut the strange writing, * May I be shot if I do.' Steor north-east! Why, it's going pretty well right back again, and slip over on to the co ist of Africa, my dear, where we're as likely as not to got becalmed for two or three years. Besides, what d'yo think Jim (the brother and part ownor beforo referred to} would say? I bhould never hear the last of it! Well, never mmd, Mag, don't cry, don't cry, my love. Wo'll s c presently. Come up on deck again now.' The girl dried her tears, but refused to leave tho cabin, and sat there with the slate in her h indß, lookiug intently upon the strange entreaty, lor so she construed it, and again recalliug to her miud the Bid pitiful expression in the dark eyes that had gazed so ttraightly into her own. She wi s not iv the least frightened, only excited aud resolute, for the blood of long gonerationsi of bold seamen ran in her veins, pure and strong, and she had made up her mind that at least an attempt to clear up the mystery of the writing should be made, if her influence—and she was pretty well aware of its strength—could avail anything. Her father was oh deck still; but, though she listened carefully, she could hear nothing of the bustlo which usually precedes putting a ship about. Presently, the captain came down again, look ing much troubled and perplexed, and Maggie felt that she had a hard task before her. But, to her great surprise and delight, he said, after a moment's silence,, ♦ Well, Maggie, I've been thinking it over. You know I always do turn a thiug over better in the open air. It's just possible your reading of the riddle may be the right one. Oar eyesight can scarcely have decoivod us both. Besides, there's tho writing. Of course, like all sailors, I've heard yarns about this sort of thing, though it's the first time I've ever como across the reality. See, it only wants ton minutes of eight bells. Wheu the port watch comes on deck we'll make a fair wind of it. But say nothing to anybody, and lock the slate up in your own desk. There's a spare one in my state room, and I'll go and bring it.' As Maggie emerged from her berth eight bells struck, aud she had tho satisfaction, in a very fow minutes, of hearing hor father's voice as he per sonally put the Renown about. ' Helm v lee! —Tacks and sheets !—Maintop'si haul! —Fore-bowKue !' and round spun the old ship like a top on the opposite tack. Then the yards were gradually squared, main and after coursos hauled up, and fore-and-aft canvas stowed, whilst Maggie, appearing ou deck, had the pleasure of lookiug into tho binnacle, and seo iug for herself that the ship's head really did point north-east; and, as she gazed at the restless oscillating card, and felt tho vossel bound and Burgo along beneath her feet, a leaden weight seemed lifted from off hor heart, and some silent inward monitor die almost fancied whispered, ' Well done ! It shall not be iv vain.' But th« astonishment, of officers ami crew at thu unexpected inutui'uvre was, forawhilo. some thing comical. However, both alike kept their surprise to themselves; uud the first mate, out wardly calm aud unconcerned, but rilled, all tho Raiuc, with great wonderment, took the deck, as tho captain and his daughter retired for tho uight. Tho breozo freshened, aud, towards morning, the captaiu reappearing, royals and topgallant sails were set, and the licuowu flew cheerily aloug ou her now courso. Look-outs wore now sent ou to tho topgallant yards, aud a feeling of excitement begun to ]»r \--vado tho ship, together with rumours that tho * old uiau' had received a waruiug of some description or other from the laud of spirits. Tho heltnsmau in tho Hist watch hail remarkod the precipitate descent of the captain and his daughter into the cabin, and this, coupled with tho girl's after auxiety aa to the vessel's course, had given him foundation more thau enough for any west-countryman to build a dozeu theories of tho kind upon, and old Peugelly was not slow iv imparting his view of the case to his shipmates. A very shrewd old Cornishmau ho was, aud hit not so far away from Ihe mark. ♦ Now. Sco here, mate",' said he. ' T doaiit know what w'lii lookin' out for; but IV pretty sum Ih it thi> "old man" on' thr. littlp Instpntn w.-irnin* o'sonicthiu' last uight. uud I'll lay a mouth's p,iy mi that biiiiih. For, d'ye sec. mutes all, when \vn ixjuiirM fin-ay, 'he steps up to the wheel :m' pecks in the buiuade, an' says she, " Oh, Peii- ctellv," she says, "her head'sN.E. 'zactly, isn't *" Yes, Mits, it be," says I; and then, bloss her bright face, she says, " Oh, do keep her as straight as you can, Feu, please." And you bet, matiej, as she didn't go a quarter-pint each way arte rthat. Now,' went on the old man,• it's my belief as they seen somcthiu' in the cabin that timo. What they seed's o' course raore'n I can tell. Yell all have heard, boys, 'bout parson John, au' how, when he was a skipper, an' was off the Horn, an' was tryin' an' tryiu' to get round it, and gets blown back again, at last an angel 'pearß to him one night in his berth, au' the angel suys, "Captain, you just go right straight back," says he, " for you'll never get rouud this here Horn." Three times, matiei, did that blessed angel 'pear to the skipper, till, at last, he ups stick, uu', sure enougn, back he do3s go, ship, cargy, an' all. Well, when he gets home, what does the owners do but gots him clapped into chokee for threo year. That done, they gives his berth to the mute, an' away she sails agen, never 1 —and here the narrator's voice became deeply impressive—' mind you ull, to bo heard on since. And, boys, you as have been to Car diff, has seod that vuiy selfsame skipper as I been a tellin' you on, apreachiu' round the docks to the sailor men; "Parson John" they ull calls him.' ' Ay, ay, old Pen, wo know,' answered several of the watch. ' True as Gospel that yarn is.' Captaiu Lee, anxious aud perturbed, stood most of the day ou dock. He hud by this timo told the secret to his first officer, who had sailed with him for the lust thirteu years. Mr. Chenoweth, a Brixham man, and a good one, listenel attentively us bis superior told the strange story, and bade Maggy—never fur away now—fetch the log slate as evidence of tho mysterious visit. To the captain's undisguised satisfaction, his chief officer emphatically approved of what had been done. ' In my opinion, sir,' concluded Mr. Ohenoweth, after using every argument he could think of to justify delaying the ship, 'what the Word says of us sailors—"Theso men sco the works of the Lord: and his wonders in the deep,"—doesn't only allude to tho workiug together of tho elements, strange aud tremendous enough ») they are at times, nor to the curious sights that, now aud again, every sailor comes across—but to things fur deopor'and more mysterious still, and perhaps of commoner occurrence with the men of the olden time tlsa with us. Yes, in God's name, let us '* steer north-cast" tjll at least we sight the coast!' Captain Lee only smiled, but his daughter with difficulty restrained herself from kissing the old mate, ugly though he war, and much addicted to the chewing of immense jlugs of Cavendish tobacco which, if addrosscd by her, he would secretly disgorge into the hollow of his hand und hold behind his back. All that day and night, both the officers aud crew of the Renown were on the alert. But next morning, to their great disappointment, it fell nearly calm. Observations were taken at midday, by which it was shown that, by steering the strango coarse, they had, with the uid of the spanking breozo, run north east quarter east, just 210 miles. Tho first mate and the captaiu were still dis cussing the day's work, while Maggie stood by, unable to conceal her vexation and disappoint ment, for her father was saying, 'Well, Mr. Cheuoweth, I'm afraid it's only a wild-goose •hase, after all, and that the appearance in the cabin must add another to the long list of unex plained phenomena both of sea aud laud that have happened, aud will, doubtless, contiuue to happen till perhaps, some day, science will come to,tho rescue.' Maggie could see that Mr. Chenoweth was strougly opposed to this view of the case, and was loth to give up. Yet, long as he had sorved with her father, and firm friends as thov had always been, etiquette forbade the expression of his wishes on the subjoct. and he was obliged to con tent himself by silently cutting off groat oblong pieces of his favourite weed, which, one after the other, ho absently conveyed to his mouth till his cheeks bulged out like those of a cherub. Just at this moment young Lee, the second mate, descended the mizzen-rigging, gloss in hand. Stepping on deck, aud hastening aft, he asked the captain whether there was any low reef or rock, just showing above the water, luid down in the churt near their present position; for, raid he, * just half a point on tho port bow, I think I can make out something like a half-tide rock.' Before he had well fiuishod, Mr. Cheuoweth, hastily, and now without the slightest respect for appearances, discharging his cargo of tobacco, was lumbering up tho rigging in the mizzen top mast cross-trees. Nothing could bo made out from the deck, and all the chief mate could say was that itwassoiuo thiug looking now white, now black, and nearly levelwith tho water, for ull tho world like tho top of a reef with a little surf breaking over it. About four bolls v light broeze sprang up, and tho Bouowu was crowded with every stitch of cauvas that would draw. Now. the wind freshened, uud, as they quicklyneruod the strange object, Ih3 yards uud rigging for'ard were crowded with men, from whom proseu'ly camo down to tho watchers ou the quarter-dock shouts of ' A raft! A raft!' Eveu from aloft, however, with tho aid of glasses, nothing moro could be made out thin a heap of spurs tossing guutly ou the little waves. Presently, us tho ship apprjuched uearer aud nearer, up flutterod iho ensign to the mizzen pcuk, aud tho report of a gun boomed over tho evening sea. Still no response, no answering signal, or sign of lifo whatever. Teur.s sprung to Maggie's cyos us sho eagerly gaz"d, and she would fain have gone with Mr. Cliunnwcth in tho liout which was now lowered anil pullud swiftly to wards tho raff, whil.st tti«* Kcnown, with her light sails elnwril up, anil hur foretop-sail to the mast, remained almost stationary. lv a very short time tho bout wjis seen return ing. The gangway ladder was slipped over tho sidu, and up it, presontly, wen: rcvcrontly handed threo apparently lifeless bodies. Maggie had gone to her cabin, where she impatiently iiwuited her father, who had promised to come to her as soon as iwssible. As the last of tho castaways was carefully laid upon tho poop of tho Kcuowu, old Lee's spy-gins* dropped on the deck with a crush, and an ex clamation of ama/omeut escaped him, for in tlio handsome but foil-fully emaciated shrunken features of the poor follow he had :it once recog nised those of the writer ou the lop slate. Every ett'oit was at once made to revive the so strangely rescued inou, and iv the oiibe of Jasper Kussell and Audei*eu with successl. The othor was boy«nd all hope, and the same evcuinj, after again laying the ship to, thr body was committed to tlm keeping of tin- great ocean on wluwo bosom it hail so long loili'd mid sulY.Tt'd. Tht« Renown h;iil long i-iiiiudivl the Cape of Storms. :iud w;is merrily ruimiug her opting tiuwu, I'efoic J:i*pjr aud his s'.l* surviving ship mate w«;re uMe t1 leave their berths. To mark the day the captain had invited all his officers to dinuer, whilst xor'ard the men rejoioed on frosh roast pork and a double allowance of grcg. Ad Jasper emerged from his cabin leaning on the arm of the steward, for he wa~* vet very weak, he oust around tho ealoon a troubled glance ot recognition. Indeed, all through his convalescence, prostrated and powerless as an infant though he was, whenover Maggio or her father would approach his bedside, they had observed tho same bewildered look of helpless remembrance pass over his face. But no word from auyone on board had ever been dropped in hi* presence that might have given the young man a clue to his puzzle. From every one Jaspar received a hearty wel come back to life and health; and, after dinner, as the guests retired, leaving him alone with Captain Lea and his daughtor—Auderscn was beiug hospitably oared for iv the steward's room —Maggie brought out tbo identical log-slate so* ofteu reforrcd to iv this chapter, and. presenting the blank side to Jasper, requested him in a playful tone, which wns belied by the anxious look iv her face, to write upon it ''Steer north east." Again the puzzled expression stolo over Jasper's features, aud he seemed as if about to ask something. Chocking himself, however, he did us ho was bidden. The girl uucovered the other side of tho slate, and, 10, the two writings wero exactly alike! Looking up, Jusper ex claimed : " Ah, it was not only a dream, then, after all! I was c:rtaiu I hau seen your faces before somewhere; even the very cabin seemed familiar tc me; I could have sworn to that lamp anywhere," pointing as he spoko to tho one which had shed its light upon the strange figure of the Renown's midnight visitor. When told everything by the captain and Maggie, Jasper in his turn rotated to them that, when that feeliug of calm and rest came over him which ho had almost imagined wds death itself, he dreamt that he had left the raft aud stood iv the saloon of a strango vessel. On the table lay an open log-slate, and on this he felt himself impelled by an irresistible power to writs the words which had saved his life and that of his companion. This was all tho explanation that Jospor hod to offer, but it was more than sufficient to make the captain thankful indeed that he hid listened to the entreaties of his daughter. ' Well, well, Mr. Russell,' said ho, as Jasper concluded, ' wo are but the creatures of a Divine and beneficent Master who attains his ends at times by means hidden from us poor mortals. But, after His mercy, dou't forget that you owe your life to Maggie* hero, for upou my word if it had not been for her —you see she does pretty well as sbo likes with mo, although I am the master of the Renown—l'm afraid I should hardly have turned back, it seemed all so strange and uu natuial!' Of courso, Jaspsr duly expressed his gratitude to tho blushing girl, to whom, if tho truth must be told, he hud fairly lost his heart, even—as mauy loug years after, when both their heads were tinged with gray, aud merry children prattled about their knees—' eyeu,' ho would say, * sinco that night in the cabin of tho old ship, wheu my eyes, or those of my wraith, first mot yours, dear love.' Reader, the story is ended; but, whilst sea and sailors exist, many a night, as tho trade-wind blows tho good snip stoadily uloug aud groups of men gather uudor the weather bulwarks, over which every now aud again oimos a playful splash of tpray, will be told to much impressed aud attentive listenors— but in far briefer and sharer outlines—the substance of the above romance of the sea. 