A PRETTY PARISIENNE CHAPTER YIII.--(Continued.) ' Ah, well, he is of the opinion that Monsieur Marbeuf has stolen some money, and that being unable to re place it, and knowing that he would be ruined if the theft were discovered, he is endeavouring to conceal his identity.' 'But he certainly couldn't have in vented the accident, and you sxy he was picked up on the street in an in sensible condition. Besides, what has he to hope for ? The doctors won't keop him in the hospital indefinitely.' 'No. There is already some talk of sending him to a lunatic asylum, I believe.' 'In that case, he must indeed be mal to persist in concealing his i dentity. So your uncle's supposi tion-' 'Is absurd. I hope so; and I .:should perhaps agree with you if I did not remember what occurred here on "the night of Monsieur Marbeuf's dis appearance. Disappearance is really the word, for after that night no one was able to learn anything about his whereabouts-' 'I remember the matter, of course, but for all that, I fail to see ' ' Well, that evening w hen you came to my assistance in the street, you had just left Monsieur Marbeuf, had you not ?' S'Yes, we had dined together, and separated on leaving the restaurant.' 'But he was to return home in the course of the evening. You confi dently expected that, didn't you ?' 'Yes. In fact, I thought he would soon join me.' 'And at midnight you were still waiting for him, and his prolonged absence so disturbed you that you were finally overcome with despair?' ' 'hat is true. I feared that some misfortune had befallen him, and my presentiments did not deceive me, it seems.' 'Be frank with me. It wasn't this fear alone that made you take up a .revolver with the intention of blowing your brains out. A man doesn't kill himself because he is anxious about the fate of a friend.' Andr6 did not know how to answer this reasoning of a girl of sixteen; besides, in trying to convince him, Babiole had suggested several new theories. 'You resolved to die,' she continued, 'because you did not receive some reply he was to bring you, and you said to yourself, ' No news is bad news'-the exact opposite of the proverb.' ' What do you know of that ?' mut. tered Andr6, astonished at so much shrewdness. 'I may not have guessed exactly right,' replied Babiole, 'but I cer tainly am not far from the truth. Perhaps you had intrusted a large sum of money to your friend's keeping-' This time Andr6 turned as pale as death. 'You know very well that I was even poorer, then, than I am at present,' he stammered. ' Besides, even if I had intrusted a fortune to fMarbeuf, the idea of his stealing it would never have occurred to me.' ' But you might have feared he had lost it. Pray believe me, Monsieur Andr6, I am not trying to pry into your secrets. It is the last time I shall say anything to you about Monsieur MhIarbeuf; but if I could have had my Way, I should have ipoken to you about him much sooner. Yesterday, on leaving the hospital, my firstimpulse was to go and find you. I did not know your address, and I had great diffi culty in finding you. When I did, I could not explain matters in presence of Monsieur Vernelle. I was afraid I might annoy you if I-told this story in the presence of your'future father. in-law.' - ' I am extremely grateful to you for your thoughtfulness.' 'Then, when we left the house, the unexpected apparition of Monsieur Chantepie put me to flight. Besides, I relied upon seeing you this morning. Well, here you are, and now it is for you to decide what ought to be done respecting Monsieur Marbeuf. I could not assume the responsibility of revealing his identity. The compara tive isolation' in which I live, has taught me to be prudent, so I said nothing, not wishing to have any cause to reproach myself for having injured your friend-or yourself.' Andr6 could not but admire the good sense and rare presence of mind which Babiole had displayed. He felt that she had done right in reporting the facts to him without delay, but, for all that, he was greatly perplexed. His heart revolted at the thought of leaving Marbeuf in his present de plorable position, and his first impulse was to hasten to the hospital, call his friend by name, and bring him to the lRue "Lamartine immediatoly. But would Marbouf recognise him, and if he did, what explanation could he give ? ~Everything seemed to indi cate that he had been attackedi and left for dead after the package of bank notes had been stolen from him. But where had the poor fellow been thus attacked and plundered? Such an assault could hardly have occurred in the Rue Bergire at eight o'clock in the ovening. It was possible, of c6urse, that in his search for MIonsieur Vernelle he might have been enticed into some gambling den;or that, on his way to some railway station, he had fallen into the clutches of some of the thieves who prowl about the out lying quarters of Paris; but in that case, what possible interest could he now have in concealing his name and antecedents ? It soon occurred to Andr6 that the story of the hundred thousand francs was only known to Ohantepie and himself, and that Ohantepie was certainly ignorant of the fact that Marbeuf had been in the Neckar Hospital for more than a month:had he known it, he would certainly have warned his debtor and have urged himl to take proceedings against Marbeuf. The consequences of this strange discovery, therefore, depended entirely upon Andr6. He had only to remain silent, after taking Marbeuf home. Babiole had just given conclusive evidence of her ability to keep a secret; and Dr. Valbrhgue, who was merely interested in the case from a medical point of view, certainly would not trouble about the facts that had preceded it, but would not content himself with watching his patient's gradual recovery. 'I understand your scruples, made moiselle,' said Andr6, at last; ' and I will assume the whole responsibility of the affair. MLarbeuf has no cause to reproach himself, I am sure; and I will not let him remain in the hospital an hour longer than is absolutely necessary. You said bed Number Nineteen, in the Saint Ferdinand Ward, did you not ?' 'Yes; but this is not visitors' day, so you will be refused admission.' 'I shall apply to Dr. Valbrigue. He will grant me a permit.' ' But you won't find him at the hoe pital. The hour for his round has passed by. He is only there in the morning from nine till ten.' 'But some of the hospital officials must be there.' ' Yes; the assistant doctor that I saw, probably. Perhaps by tolling him the object of your visit you could obtain a pass.' 'I am sure of it.' 'In fact, I shouldn't be surprised if he offered to accompany you to the patient's bedside, for he seems very anxious to establish Monsieur MaIr beuf's identity. Still, I don't believe that he will allow you to take your friend away with you. Be will want to consult his superiors first.' 'All the same, I shall try, and if I don't succeed, I shall endeavour to find Dr. Valbr gue.' 'Havo you thought of the sensation which Monsieur Marbeuf's unex pected return will create in the house ? Our doorkeeper is convinced that he is dead, and she will take him for a ghost.' 'That makes no difference to me.' 'Yes, but she may go and inform the commissary of police.' 'And why ? Hasn't a tenant a right to absent himself if he chooses ?' 'No doubt, but Monsieur Marbeuf disappeared very suddenly, and no thing has been heard of him for more than a month, so that government seals have been affixed to the doors of his apartment.' 'But his furniture is still there.' 'Yes; but it was to have been sold on the fifteenth of April.' 'Ah, well, it won't be sold. Mar beuf will have only to report himself to'the commissary to prevent that. He will have no difficulty in proving that he is alive. In two hours' time from now I will have him here. Shall I find you at home on my return ?' ' Certainly. The Boulevard Magenta isn't far off, and my interview with my employer won't be a lengthy one, so I bhall soon be back again-and I won't ~go out afterwards. So it is settled,' added Babiole. 'You are going to claim your friend. Heaven grant that you may not have cause to repeat of it!' 'I shall never repent of a good action,' replied Andr6. 'Marbeuf will owe his return to life to you. You have already saved Monsieur Vernelle and myself; and now there will be three persons with good cause to bless you.' ' My interposition was all due to chance,' replied Babiole, modestly. 'Now, pray go at once, as your mind seems to be made up. If you delay, you may miss the assistant-doctor; besides, it is quite time for me to go out, if I want to find my employer at the shop. So good-bye, Monsieur Andr6. Return as soon as you can. I shall be very glad to see you.' Andr6 shook hands with her very cordially, and had already reached the landing, when Babiole darted after him, and said: 'I should be greatly obliged to you if you would not speak of me to the doctor, or my uncle either.' 'You need have no fears of that, mademoiselle. Your name sha'n't be mixed up in the affair. I shall merely say that I have heard Dr. Valbruigue speak of this singular case, and that I should like to see for myself if this famousNumber Nineteen isn't afriend, whom I have been looking for during more than a month.' Babiole re- entered her little sitting. room, gloomy and pro-occupied. She now almost regretted her disclosures to Andr6, for she augured no good from Marbeuf's reappearance. But she had done her duty, and, whatever the result might be, she would have no cause for self-reproach. She now had to settle matters with herc em ployer; and she had just put on her bonnet, when she heard someone knock at her door. As she did not expect any other visitor, she imagined that Andr.6 had come back to ask for some further information, and she hastened to open the door. To her great as tonishrnent, however, she found her self face to face with Madame Divet, whom the assent of the stairs seemed to have reduced t. the last stage of exhaustion She was puffing like a porpoise, and drops of perspiration, were trickling down her forehead. Babiole felt strongly inclined to shut the door in her face, but really pity ing her sad plight, she fiually stepped aside, and allowed her to enter. More over, this unexpected visit would make the trip to the Boulevard Magenta unnecessary, and enable 'the young girl to sever the connection at once. Madame Divet sank into a chair, which groaned under her weight, and then she exclaimed: 'Well, well, you certainly roost in the air. Nothing but my sincere regard for you could ever have induced me to attempt such a climb.' 'I regret that you have given your self so much trouble, madame.' re joined Babiole, who was determined to remain perfectly polite. 'I was just starting for your house. . In fact, I should have been there before now, if-' 'If you hadn't received a visit from 'your lover.' 'You know perfectly we!l that I have no.lover, madame.' . (To be continued.) 