xvn. So, by these strokes of good fortune, I am become heir of Cedarcliffeand my dreams of power and felicity are within my grasp. It is now three days since the scene in the court-room. . The perjury which I committed answered, its purpose. After considerable discussion, Sinfire was acqnitted ; ana Henry's murderer still remains unknown. Even Sinfire's strong nerves .were- overthrown by the shock of John's" terrible, death, and whether or not she had previously intended to challenge my testimony, she let the time pass by when she could havo' done - so with effect. Since then she has remained at Faxon s house, where his wife waits upon her. But to-day I shall speak with her and learn her mind. What I have done has been done tor her : that is my consolation. ' Even should 'she reject it, it -will be a consolation still. "Were the past weeks still''m the future, would I pursue the same course? Well, I cannot argue from what I am to what I was. Up to the time when Sinfire appeared, my life had been all thought and speculation, but, so far as action was concerned, only a dull level of monotonous routine,—no memories, I no anticipation, no. events. Then, during one flying, summer, T lived ■ through the full height and depth of my nature. The action and passion of a lifetime were concentrated in that ■ little space. The torch flamed up royally for a moment; but now it fhekers, and perhaps it will- die out. Indeed, I feel an indifference stealing over me ; few terrors and few joys, could quicken my pulses now I have made trial of myself, and the result! is not very satisfactory. I thought I had in me the making of a great man ; 'but a great man is great for alifetime,—not merely for an hour. I have cleared my way, and amready to begin my career.; but; now that all else is won, the enterprise is lacking. Some men, it would seem, are mocked m their very creation: they feel within them the storings of what seemstobe a . mighty soul , toey follow its. dictates, and, behold ! all that 'fine flame exhales away, and leaves nothing, but dust and ashes. It was but the spectre of a mighty soul,—a will-o'-the-wisp, that tempts them to destruction. . Yetithere is one thing.that can reanimate me, and perhaps stimulate me to fulfil -the destiny I had imagined. If Sinfire gives herself to me, I am happy, I am in heaven, and the powers of hell shall not prevail against me. She is my life blood, and the breath of mv nostrils. Who she is, whence she comes, and for what end, I know not; but she has made herself my earth and my heaveii, my space, my fate. - Will she vanish as she came ? The sun sets, and darkness falls ; but anon the east is afire, and he comes again/ -But upon the night of her departure—if she depart —no dawn will ever rise. ' <•' ' - I cannot feel. any confidence or security. She seems, when I fix my thoughts upon her,, to be far off and still receding.... I am crushed down by somt, nameless oppression of evil visions. The ghosts of my dead brothers, seem to belying in wait for me m the gloom. But Sinfire can rescue me: her soft white hand can save me. She is my God: I can look to no other. But if she fails me, what then ? : ' Well, there is still Saprani. . * * ... * * ■* This little blank book,—now no longer blank,—which I picked up in an idle moment, and resolved to make a journal of, has but a few pages left, and when it is finished I shall not begin another. So does theCreator of men pink up the white leaf of then ignorant souls, and trace black marks upon it, and then flin0- it aside. But who reads them ? Angels, perhaps, and sigh at what they read; and devils read-them, and tear them to pieces, and lauo-h. But no soul interprets its fellow soul: it cannot even interpret itself. It knows that it is no longer white, and that is ali. . _ T Sinfire has been with me ; and now 1 am alone again. My library is cool and quiet, and the lamplight shines upon the backs of the books upon the shelves ; and yonder the door opens into the laboratory, which is dark; and in these rooms my days and years have been spent, but not my life; that has been lived elsewhere. Is it immortal ? It may be so ; but what is immortality to me ? Will it give me Sinfire? < All the obstacles that separated us have disappeared,' I said to her. c One after another, they are gone. If there is any other thing to keep us apart, it must be in you, and nowhere else. .You know why I took that sin upon myself. Do you forgive it ?' 'What sin?' she asked. ' Perjury.' < Oh, that!' ' Did you wish to die under a false accusa tion?' said I. 'Howdo you know itwas-falseP' she-re turned. . ; ' ' At any rate, I know it.' 'Perhaps, then,' she said, 'I may havt wished to save the one who was really guilty, -g Why should I so greatly care to live? Tie - man who had given my life, its object was gone: what had I to wait foi ?' ' Then you loved him still ?' I exclaimed. She gave me a strange look.. ' Loved him still! 1 never loved him. From the.time] I first heard his name,' I hated him.' ' Surely you did love him .once, only too J well!' - ' . ' Haveyou thought so ill of me as that?' she replied, smiling a moment. 'I might have expected it of the judge and the jury; but I supposed your eyes were keener. If I were a man, I would believe in a miracle sooner than in the dishonour of the woman I loved. No; you are wrong. . I never saw Henry Main waring till I met him here.' 'Then why was he your, enemy?'.: I demanded, in astonishment. . After a pause, she said, 'T will tell you a little stprv, which will perhaps :help you to understand it. . A good many years ago, a geritlemari,- who- had' a' wife and a little daughter, saw another woman,. who was young and wonderfully beautiful. A man mayToveasmahy w.6men-as''he -pleases, "but he can bring honour to only one, at most; to all the rest his lote means disgrace. This other woman, returned-'his loyey knowing no harm; arid" she belCnged td a people who have no social rights, and who . .understand love arid hate,' and-r jby and grief,nJbut not the niceties of the .law. ...After a tinfe, •they tookada'httle'driu^hter.' But after a year or two the motherdearned that, thongh I she was a mother, she was not a wife; and she died, but' sent the chiid tb him. By and by the man's wife died also, and he was left with his two daughters. He educated them . both: but he gave the elder precedence over the younger, .who, knowing neither whence she Came nor that her companion was Her sister, accepted her position willingly and joyfully, as was her nature. ' So they grew up together, and loved each other well. But one.morning the elder .took the younger to her room, and threw1 her arms round her neck, and.Mssed her, arid then she showed her some papers she had found,.wbbh revealed all"the secret.'' ' You are my sister,' she said,my darlirig sister^ hnd", whalev.er any one may say or do, you are my equal, and • whatever I have is yCurs.' - No one shall he unjust toyou. while I, tive^auAiwhoeycr.is your enemy is mine too. You shall have no shame that I will riot share, and I will ac Vcpt no honour that is not given toyou as well!'— After that do you need to he told that 11 jved my sister-' better- than ever ?—abetter than myself.?'. . ... ......■?. . .. . ! Of course Iliad perceived from the first that the story she was telling was her own st- >ry: nevertheless the passionate einphasis she gave to the last sentence startled me. . IJp to that time, she had spoken with a curious hriagiaa tive languor, as if she were following in fancy the thread of a complication in which she felt no vital concern; but this demeanour vanished in a moment; she sat erect and .threw her very life into the words. And then, too, a fore-glimpse of what was to come flashed upon me, and I felt, rather than saw, the fatal error I had. made.. At last some one came to court her,—an elderly and reservediuain, hut wealthy; and she obeyed her father, and married him. She would haye taken me to live with her, but I was needed at home : her father lad begun to realize that be was mine to, and to value me. She wrote me many letters. Her husbands affairs kept him much away from her. Then for a time—for some months— she did not write. I knew there was mis chief on foot; and when, at last, her letter came, I said nothing to any one, but left home that night, and was with her the next day. ' She was alone : husband ggd bad abandoned her! ' She told me what her life had been.. There were two chapters in it: first she had been sold for money: then she had been betrayed for; love. She told me all: it will never be'told again : God knows it, and that is enough, for He cari only under stand, and forgive,—and punish.- I- com forted her as much as a broken heart can be comforted ; and another thing that gave her happiness was that she was ill, and knew she would not recover. "We were sisters together again, and we used to laugh and chat, ^ some tiriies, as we did when we were children: when there is no hope peace comes again. At other times she told riae about her love.—Oh, my sister ! my darling- sister.!'' She hid her face upon the cushion of the copch,—where that dead .body bad lain a week before,—and wept tike a. summer storm. Her tears ceased as abruptly as they bad come, and sbe sat erect agairi, composed and stern, and spoke rapidly and coldly: ' At the end she gave me the ring, and asked me if I ever met him, to return it to him, and to give him a message. It was a loving message ; there was no reproach in it. I took the ring, and promised; and I made a promise to myself also, , which I did not tell her of.: Afterwards' I learned from my father that ■ this HCrify "Mairiwaring was a relative of ours ; but perhaps he had not re cognized my sister as; his. cousin, under her married name. I did not, teU my father that Henry was the irian/for l meait to punish him myself,; and'iri iriy owri way.' You know the:, rest,—-how much'I'suc'cebaed, and 'how much I failed.' - s She rose to her feet at this point, and. I rose also;.. I thought she was going to leave me; but,'instead;' she came a step nearer, and laid one hand upon my shoulder. -Theexpression of her face was sad. ' It was you that made me hesitate until it was too late,' said she. ' 'II How." ' Only because you were his brother.' It was said so quietly and sadly that a moment passed before Tcomprehended the significance of that admission. It was' ho delusion; she had loved me. But there was no invitation, no consent, in her eyes. Her hand, which had seemed'to hold me, kept me - ■back. It was like balancing on the partition between . life and death. - 'Let me know what it is to be. Sulfite,' Isaid. 'I.' fathom you less than ever. Are you angry that-I. misjudged you? My soul knew what my reason ■ questioned; you could riot he yourself and not he pure. Was it my perjury that offended you ? In what other way could I have kept you'? And the-sin is mine.' . .. . ... j .. ' ' What do you call it, to keep m'e? Would, you-. ; rather I .died loving.you, or„despised: you-and .lived ?' 'Do you despise me V , '* r ' • 'Despise you! Oh, what shall I- say to you!' she cried out, in a voice.of mingled menace and anguish. • ' AVhy don't you speak ? Why do you hide yourself from me 2 Was there no other way toclear me than by staining me ?-- Gould you have fold-no other story - of that night! Oh, Drank, Drank !' it was then that ■ you lost me,—not when you crept upon him in the i wood and shot him through the heart! I believed then that you were an avenger; but m the witness box you revealed yourself as a murderer. Even if you had been silent, and let them hang me, I would .. have rejoiced in you, for. love lives by sacrifice ; as you had saved me from the* guilt of blood, I would _ have saved you from its consequence. Or, if you had taken my haud over his body, and said, ' I have done this for you!' I would haye come to you forever, and gone with you to the end of the world! But you did not trust me; and the lie you told was a shameful and a timorous lie!' ' So you were in the wood and saw me kill him V said I. ' Yes, I saw it.' . ' I wish you had told me before,' I rejoined. ' But it is no matter now. I see that I have made a mis take. You are right to go. By the way, the estate descended to me in tail, but on my -decease without issue it falls to the next of kin, which is yourself. John's personality is already yours, by his will. As for Henry, he had not much besides his life, and that, as yon say, I took from him,—on yonr account chiefly. That is all, I think, except my mother; she will not last long; will -yon see that she dies in decent circum stances? It would not be too exacting a recompense for having taken from her her three sons and the estate of Cedarcliffe.' She looked at me a long time. I do riot know what she sought, or what she found.- But all passion-and suffering had burnt themselves out in me. ' I stood there, wishing that she would go and leave me in peace. I knew that she had never been more beauti ful ; hut her beauty could not he there. And at last, in truth, she was not there; and as I reseated myself in my chair I was inclined, half in jest, to ask myself whether such a creature as Sinfire ever really existed. I might doubt it, hut for one little thing that she said at parting, just the moment before she disap peared. She said—— No; I will not write it down. Let me take that one thing away with me, untouched. ****** And now for Saprani, my Queen of Cobras! Daith ful are the wounds of a friend. Ah, Saprani, I was foolish to wander from you. There is a virtue in your cold, sharp kiss that makes all other caresses tame. THE END, 