AMUSEMENTS. QcEEJîsrjLxri SCOTTISH ASSOCIATION'S CONCERT. The annual reunion of the Queensland Scottish Association, which always takes the form of a concert and dance, was held last evening at the Centennial Hall. From a financial point of view the gathering must have been a decided success, for the hall was almost uncomfortably crowded in every part. It had been anticipated that Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith, the president of the association, would take the chair and open the proceedings with a formal address. Unfortunately, however, the Premier was prevented by the large amount of work which now falls upon his shoulders from being present, and the president's chair was occupied by the Hon. H. M. Nelson, Minister for Railways, who, in a brief speech, apologised for the absence of Sir Thomas M'Ilwraith, and expressed his own pleasure at being present. The concert programme on paper bore evidence of a little want of judgment in its preparation, as it contained altogether too many numbers of similar character to continue the interest of the audience over the lengthened period which its performance required. When the programme was listened to, this fault was accentuated, as songs were given as encores to the first five numbers, and subsequently the rule against repetitions laid down by the chairman was frequently broken, sometimes to the manifest detriment of the performers, and generally to the pleasure of but a small proportion of the audience. If those upon whom the duty of com- piling the programme devolved had cut it down by a third they would have retained all that was really good, and in such case, had one or two judicious encores been permitted, the concert would not have been marred thereby. Of the ladies who contributed solos, the first to appear was Miss Clara Hamilton, who sang "The Flowers of the Forest' ' moderately well. Being recalled, this lady gave Willie's gone to Melvin Castle in very much more satisfactory style, and indeed it was evident that her forte is in the singing of the more humorous Scottish ballads. Nevertheless, in the second part of the programme Miss Hamilton scored an unqualified success in the favourite old song, "Caller Herrin'," which she gave character. Since Nellie Kirk's Bulging of this beautiful air we do not remember any rendition of it which has given such entire satisfaction. Mrs. Snow was well suited in the peculiarly plaintive form in which the fine martial air " Scots wha hae " is arranged to illustrate the pathetic words of the "Lands' the Leal." She was not, however, so happy in her choice of the ballad " Comin' through the Rye." Mrs. J. Christie sang Flora Macdonald's Lament," and "Memories Dear." The latter song was especially pleasing, and this was one of the numbers to which an encore should have been accorded. Mr. David M Andrew has seldom been heard here in better form than he was last evening. His songs kept the audience on the point of boisterous laughter all through, and each of them was deservedly encored. Mr. Alex. Edwards' fine baritone voice was heard to the best advantage in "The Battle of Stirling, and in the serio-comic ballad " Macnlister's Bonnet " he gave a very enjoyable display of his entertaining powers. As an encore to the last named song he gave "The Wee Wee Gorman Luirdio," in a style which provoked infinite amusement. Mr. Will Robertson sang "Bonnie Prince Charlie" very effectively, and would have gratified the audience by consenting to an encore. Mr. R. Armour was also successful in his rendering of " Annie on' the Banks o' Deo," and Messrs. Ferguson and Cameron also gave solos which merited the applause that followed them. Mr. Ferguson was especially well sulted in the song " Lass o' Ballochmyle," the last verse of which he had to repeat. The duets " nor can ye gang Laddie," " The crooked bawbees," and " Huntingtower" were the only other vocal items on the programme which called forth the marked approval of the audience. Mr. R. J. Scott contributed two pianoforte solos and played all the accompaniments very satisfactorily. At the conclusion of the concert a vote of thanks to the Hon. H. M. Nelson for pre- siding as chairman was carried by acclamation on the motion of Mr. W. Kinnaird Rose, and subsequently the hall was cleared of chairs, and a very enjoyable dance, which continued until an early hour this morning, was indulged in. SKATING CAiafrar,. A plain and fancy dress carnival was held last evening at the South Brisbane Skating Rink, and whether judged by the large attendance, by the dresses, or by the skating, it was highly successful. The large rink was brilliantly illuminated both by gas and by the electric light, and was even more pleasingly decorated than usual by means of flags, bannerets, &c.; Unwonted preparations had been made for the first arrival of the kind held at this rink, and the results must have been gratifying to all concerned. The number of skaters who took part in the set programme, which consisted of two grand marches, was close upon 300, and with very few excep- tions the whole of these were in fancy costumes. The sexes were pretty evenly divided and the dresses were brilliant, picturesque, and diversified, many of them rich in the extreme as to material, and of the brightest hues, so that at all times, as viewed from the gallery above, the scene presented a panorama of colouring that changed and intermingled Uko colours in the kaleidoscope. The costumes were of many ages and nationalities, and for the most part there was a correctness about them that was somewhat unusual. Among the more noticeable characters represented by the ladies were a Royal Middy, the Colleen Dawn, My Sweet- heart, Little Red Riding Hood, La Mascotte, a milkmaid, a tobogganing, an undergraduate Dorothy and Lydia (the cousins in " Dorothy "), Yum-Yum, a bride, a fancy picture of Amy Horton in her childish costume and frilled bonnet, and many others equally attractive. The male portion of the skaters appeared in a great variety of costumes. Among them were a number of brigands and smugglers, soldiers and sailors of the present and past days, both officers and privates, several firemen, some huntsmen, a number of.' volunteers, among whom the Brisbane Scottish appeared to predominate ; several skaters were in the costumes of rowing and football clubs ; there were two or three Charles Surfaces, three clowns, Robin Hood, a Chinaman, a fierce-looking smuggler, a barrister, several masters, a Soudanese, three or four representatives of the Christy Minstrel tribe, a wandering minstrel, à la Maccabe, and a large variety of other characters. The carnival commenced at 8 o'clock with a very clever piece of fancy skating by professor A. F. Smith, termed the phantom on wheels ; the lights were turned low, and the skater's costume was white, so that the effect was somewhat ghost-like. Some general skating followed, after which the first grand march was proceeded with by the whole of the skaters in costume. They were led off by Mr. Smith, dressed as a masher, and a lady costumed as a masheress, and as the whole of them moved round the rink in single and double file, then four abreast, and subsequently came down in close column linked eight abreast, the effect was really beautiful. The final movement was the wheeling in eight or tea companies of the whole of the skaters from a centre pivot, and this was executed with a precision that elicited very enthusiastic applause from an audience of some 400 or 600 spectators seated around the risk and in the gallery. Special mention should be made of the very clever skating of little Master and Bliss Smith, two the professor's. children, about 6 or 7 years old. There was afterwards a second grand march, and between the two general skating was enjoyed by all, and another exhibition of fancy skating by Professor Smith. the entire carnival was most successful, and soon brought to a close at 11 o'clock. The Headquarters Band as usual provided the ] music. THE THEATRES. There was again a large attendance at the Opera House last night to see Mr. Bland Holt and his company in the sensational drama "A Run of Luck." The piece runs very smoothly now, and the telling situations with which it abounds thoroughly absorb the attention of the audience. The same programme will be presented for some nights yet. " East Lynne," the excellent version of Mrs. Henry Wood's dramatic novel, which was produced last week at the Theatre Royal, was repeated last night, and attracted as usual a numerous audience. The dual part of the Lady i Isabel and Madame Vine is one in which Miss | Marian Willis is seen at her best, and last night she fully sustained her reputation. This evening the Scottish drama " Rob Roy" will be given, and on Tuesday the company leave for Maryborough. 