OUR CHRISTMAS LITERARY MINCEPIE. WEATHER FORECASTS. Whether fonr casts are reliable or not depends npon the forecasters, just as an easy chair reBts upon its four casters. Whether the weather will be fine or not on Christmas Day we cannot say. Bnt as four hundred and eighty seven thousand of our readers more or less . are anxiously enquiring about it we have great pleasure in laying before them the result of our communications with four of the greatest experts known. We feel confident that at leaBt one of the four casts will be verified. FROM THE MAN IJI THE MOON. " On the sixteenth instant I was in apogee, and shall be in perigee at the exact instant when the old year abdicates in favour of the new. Moreover, on Christmas Day I shall enter Libra, and have arranged to make my upper culmination at the same time that old Sol lifts his head above your Mount Lofty Range. You will therefore see at once that j no one but a lunatic would thick of expecting any sort of weather on Christmas Day | j this year." FROM A. L c, PABKSIDE L c A M. Eye xpekt all sorts of wether on Eristmas da btkawe eye Nose awl abowt ass Trolojee and eye xpekta to marry the king of Egipts dawter and two be kum the lord Chance L.&. of the Kanibel eyelains and the man in the iroon iB my first knssen on my ant Mareys sighed and eye am his unkel on my muthers Bigned and eye nose he will send ns some reign and snm klowds and hot son shine on . KristmOB da for he tolled me so so their now. | FBOM THE GHOST OF FRANCIS MOORE, PHYSICIAN, j The configuration of the planetary orbs, the actual culmination of all the luminaries ' composing the stellar universe over the meridian of Adelaide, December 25, together with|theactualoccultation ofio Virginia on that day at lh. 33m. p.m,, render it certain that the maximum temperature on that day, the day before, or the day after, will bs between 78° Pahr. and 80° Centigrade. FBOM ZADKIEL, THE HUMBUGSCRUBBTAR. Moon in perigee, December 31, at midnight. Moon enters last quarter, December 26, at 3h. 14m. p.m. Sun enters Capricornus, December 21, at 6h. p.m. Sun's greatest south declination, December 22, at 4h. a.m. Sun's Innar distance, December 25, at noon, 108" 44' 30". Obliquity of ecliptic, December 25=23° 27' H'37". Log. radius vector of the Earth, 9*9926325. Mercury approaching syzygy. All other stellar and planetary influences inappreciable. . . . I Hence on the day in question I predict— i The evening will be jolly hot; I The mon ins certainly wiU not. i Let all who cill this forecast rot Prognosticate more truly or be kicked. j OLD FATHER CHRISTMAS. J [BY B. S.«.] " In comes Old Father Christmas; welcome, or | welcome not j I hope Old Father Christmas will never be forgot." OLD WASSAIL* SONS. ! '1 was Christmas-time in days of old; j She weather fiosty, bleak, a<id cold, Yet all most understand; { The porter opens wide tbe door. Admits the wealthy and tbe poor; J It was his lord's command. i Obedient to Lord Vessels call, : Retainers fiU the baron's ball I To bring the yule-log in; ; With shouts of joy, of mirth, and song, ' They tag and pull the log along, j And then the sports begin. ' The naimtrel plays both smooth and rough, j I trow there's mirth and noise enongh,. The henchmen laugh and shout; The cook with boar's heal now draws near— Himself robust with goodly cheer— At which they dance about. The fool—no fool that day, at least— Enlivens with his quips the feast, Which make the abbot grin; \- My lady, too. delights to stay With damsels young and fair and gay, For all will kisses win. Long last the revels in the hall. Brave knights and squires enjoy tbe ball As in the days of yore; Snch kindly deeds true joys impart, With pleasure to the feeling heart That list for evermore.. Then let ns still the feast keep up, The joyous yule, the friendly cup. Mince-pies, the nuts and ale; Since Christmas comes bnt once a yea', We'll keep it with a merry cheer, 1 Hail, Father Christmas, bail 1 ; * " Wassail" is a word derived from the Saxon "Wtesbjel"—health to ycu. It was their custom at public entertainments to use this term when they drank to each other's health from a large drinkingvesel—the wassail-bowl. It was also their custom to go about with snch a bowl, drinking to the health of tbe inhabitants, and of course eollecting money to . replenish tbe bowl. This custom was called wassailing. and those who practised it vxmailers.—BD. BLSDLER. | ADVICE FOR~CHRISTMAS. ' As the perilous Christmas time is close at hand, I, Hngh Kalyptus, would offer a little friendly advice to those who are about to keep Chii8tmas. < L Do not read any of the nsual Christmas literature, as it is sure to debilitate the system and take your appetite away—it iB very enervating, and one of the most Indigestible dishes* in the .Literary Mincepie; it is so mixed in its ingredients. 2\. Train steadily for the week before Christmas by drinking nothing but water or . lemon-Eqaash, eating nothing but fruit I lunches or bread-and-butter, and lower the I system as mnch as possible by hot and cold 1 bathB, continual exercise, and abstinenoe | from tobacco, either in the pipe or in the ', "chaw." j 3\. As it will be absolutely necessary for yon * to read Christmas effusions on or after Christmas Day, prepare for it bv a regular study of ' "The South Australian Directory" and the | Government Gazette. ^ I 4\. Do not boast of any successful share transactions before Boxing Day, and you will be the lees liable to be called upon for Christ- 1 mas boxes. , I 5\. Rake np some of the children s old toys, ' freshen them up with paint, and yon can pasB them off as new by putting them into stookings, and laying the blame on Santa Claus if the youngsters recognise them. You will have the satisfaction of knowing that you have economised. i 6\. Fight shy of the plnm-pudding, and do not be on too familiar termB with the roast 7\. Lay in a stock of patent medicines for indigestion, and take them all, for some out of the lot mnst be certain to hit the mark. 8\. Lastly, don't keep Christmas in the old fashion at alL Just get a box of good cigars, a lively novel, a bottle of claret, and a boat nnder some jetty, and sleep through the heat. * Dishes are not usually found in minoepies. -P.D. 