JUBILEE OF THE LUTHERAN CHUSCH IN AUSTRALIA. TEE LUTHERAN DOCTRINES. Ca Snnday throughout the AuEtia!'*n coloaieB the jubilee of the Lutheran CiiftKti in I .Australia was celebrated. In Adelaide Esr vicea were held morning and evening in the Flinders street Lutheran Church, whica was nicely decorated for the occasion. The service in the morning wbb conducted in German, and that in the evening in English, tha Rsv. Pastor Dorsch officiating on both occasions, In the course of his address in the morning the rev. gentleman ssid : — There ie great rejoicing throughout the length and breadth of Australia to-day among the members of the Evangelical Lutheran Church, And, indeed, there is every reason why the hearts of all trne Lutherans should to-day be full of genuine joy. For in the past week, on the 21st of November, it has been 50 years since Pastor Kavel and & small flock of Lutheran Christians landed upon the shores of fair South Australia, and so laid the foundation of the Australian Lutheran Church. It is, therefore, our jubilee that we celebrate to-day. The mustard seed planted on that memorable 21st jNoveinber, 1838, has in these 50 years grown into a large tree, overshadowing all Aus tralia. In 183S there was bat one liutheran pastor on the whole Australian continent, while the lay members of our charch numbered abontl5O. But what do we see to-day 2 There areaowSO Lutheran pastorsin Australia, and the total membership of our church is about 25,000. In South Australia alone 30 Lutheran ministers labor in the Lord's vineyard, whilst our church owns about SO places of worship, capable of accommodating nearly 10.OC0 persons. Besides this the Lutheran Church of South Australia maintains about 40 day-schools, in which our children to the number of nearly 1,300 are by 45 teachers instructed, not only in the know ledge of earthly things but in that also of heavenly things. We surely have reason to rejoice today, and to offer up heartfelt thanks to the God of all mercies. Yea, 'the Lord hath done great things for ue ; we are glad.' In the evening Pastor Dorsch spoke as follows : — I have shown this morning how we must celebrate our jubilee if we wish tha same to be acceptable to God. This evening I pnrpoEe to address you upon two questions which I bad not time to dilate upon this morning. These questions are— Why do we call ourselves Lutherans? and— Upon what does the Lutheran Church rest its doctrine of faith and comfort? As regards the first question, we call oureelves Lutherans and our churches Lutheran Churches, not for Luther's sake, nor for the selfish pride of ornamenting ourselves irith his great name, but because we accept, hold, and teach the same doctrine which he tanght as the puieGospel of Christ ; and because we believe the same articles of faith which T-nfltAv tannli*. Aviri riafpndorl and rpnpivA fTiflm ae the pure Gospel of our Lord and Saviour Jesus Christ, we are bound to acknowledge his name, whether it be one of honor and re proach ; yea, even against the outspoken wish of Luther, who again and agam prayed that our church cast ofi his name. Let those dis own him who disown his doctrine ; we hold the Gospel as he held and preached it, and there fore we cannot hesitate to take his name. And ire are sot in the least ashamed of it, because we cannot but revere the man whom God Himself honored ss His chosen instrument to restore the heaven-born truth to an ignorant, deluded, and corrupt world; who hazarded reputation and life to snatch it from the deep ob scurity of superstition and human clogs in which it had been inhumed ; and who triumphantly held it up once more in its primitive purity to Ms admiring contemporaries and all succeeding generations. Every true Lutheran therefore joins in the profession of the old Margrave of Brandenburg, who, when reproached with calling himself a Luth-!fan, said : — 'I was not baptised in the name of Luther, he' is not my God and Saviour ; I do not rest my faith in him, and am not saved by him, and therefore in this sense am ad Lutheran. Bat if I be asked whether with my heart and lips I pro fees the doctrines which God restored to light by the instrumentality of His blessed servant, Dr. Luther, I neither hesitatenoram I ashamed to call myself a Lutheran. In this sense I am and as long as I live will be a Lutheran.' It is Luther of whom, according to the firm convic tion of theLuthern Church, St. John wrote the prophetic words:— 'I saw an angel fly in the midst of heaven having the everlasting Gospel to preach unto them that dwell on earth.' This angel flying in the midst of heaven we firmly believe to be Dr. Luther, the everlasting Gospel in his hands nothing else but the pure Word of God with its funda mental truth— justification, by faith in Christ Jesus. Through the Reformation of Luther no cew church has been founded, but the old Christian Apostolic Church, which had fallen into decay has hereby again been built up in its original beauty and purity. Therefore our church, far from being ashamed of the name Lutheran, which wae given her by the Papists originally as one of derision, has gladly accepted this name, arid we are proud of the eame. For there are vary few mor tals indeed that can be put in one class with Luther. He is certainly the greatest of uninspired men, and he has merited the heartfelt thanks of the whole human race. For it is to Luther we owe the unshackled Christianity we now enjoy ; it is to Luther we owe an unclasped Bible ; it is to Luther we owe a pure and saving Gospel. Should we, therefore, not glory in being called Lutherans 1 And what is the foundation upon which the Lutheran Church rests her doctrine and com fort? In the words of our text the holy apostle makes mention of the invisible foundation, upon which all true Christians and accordingly the entire Christian Church is built. And what is this foundation 1 Saint Paul says, it is the foundation of the Apostles and FronjietE, Jesus Christ himself being corner stone. And uponHhis foundation the Lutheran Church rests all her faith and comfort. The evan gelical Lutheran, therefore, in the first place, rejects human reason as the foundation of her faith. Lutherans certainly do not under value this wonderful light which God himself h&s; imparted to the soul of man, much less do they despise it. They rather esteem it highly as an unspeakably precious gift of their God, and they, too, rejoice with an amazing admira tion at the works which human reason and human ingenuity have produced in the realms of sciences and arts, and in which the very age we live in is so prolific and abounding. But Lutherans know that human 'reason, no matter how vast the field for its researches saay be, how high it may soar, and how deep it may penetrate into the mysteries of nature, of itB elements and it3 powers, is wholly unable to eolve the myBtety of this world. Human reason has no answer to the all- important questions— Whence is man 1 Whither does he go ? In what relation stands he to his Maker ? Where does he find that rest for which his soul yearns? What is his fate after death ? To all these questions of religion human reason gives no answer. All the philosophers of ancient and modern times have endeavored to give an answer to these questions. But what has been the result? Their systems, like so many brilliant meteors, were for a short time the admiration of their times, but invariably they waned before the rising light of a new system, which in return vanished like a bnbble. And what mast we behold to-day? Countless thousands of our fellow-creatures, despairing of finding higher truth, have now in utter despair abandoned the belief in God, immortality — yea, in every thing transcendental, and have come to regard matter and force as the only thing certain. It is clear, therefore, that human reason cannot be the sun from which truth radiates, but only the eye which takes in the light. The founda tion of that which the Lutheran Church accepts as its doctrine, in the second place, are Dot the so-called ecclesiastical traditions, nor the decisions of any member of the church, nor the canons and decrees of any church council. For this again would be tantamount to resting our faith on human reason. It has been main tained, and is still being maintained, that to the so-called clergy, and particularly to its choeen head, the promise of infallibility had been given, but the htetory of the Christian Charch proves this to be an empty assertion and a fupercilious assumption. The pretended ecclesiastical traditions and the decrees of church councils have' continually been at -variance with one another, and therefore neither one nor the other can be the foundation , of tbe pure doctrine and the true faith, What then, we ask, is the foundation on which the Lutheran Church zests its faith 1 1t is none ather than that which the -apostle names in our text, namely, 'the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ Himself being the chief coiner-etoae ;' thai is, the apostolic and prophetic writings of the Old and New Testament. Oaly Jesus, and His holy word, and His grace, for the foundation upon which the structure of Christian faith and doctrine is reared. The Bible, and nothing but tbe Bible, is the first and chief tenet of the evangelic Lutheran Church. And who can subvert this foundation? The Bibln is the word of the Great God. This is attested by the countless miracles and great signs per formed in its confirmation, the reality of which even its own enemies have been forced to ac knowledge. It is attested by millions oi : sainted martys, who have joyfully sealed it with their blood ; it is attested by the inability of all its render it suspected in the eyes of the Christians ; it is attested by its miraculous preservation up to this hour, and its diffusion in all tongues among all the nations of the earth, in spite of all the struggle againBt it on the part of all the wise and powerful of this world : it is attested above all other things by the Divine power of changing man, sanctifying his heart, and filling it with heavenly comfort and living hope— a power which it exerts upon all who do not wantonly resist it. And upon this foundation the Bible, the evangelical Lutheran Church stands. It is indeed a good, a firm, founda tion. 'Heaven and earth shall pass away,' eaith Christ, 'but My word shall not pass sway.' This word stands to day as unshaken as ifc did ISQO years ago j nay, to day it is jcajst ..J elcr:.uB;y ;or-r.r::'.sd ty sn co^-erfense c? IS ccataries. All tie systems oi the ancient philosophers have gone down ae but £0 many stars ; the Bible and itEdoctrine have remained, so all the modern systems of human wisdom shall pass away, bat the Bible shall remain. The very gates of hell, therefore, are unabie to subvert that church, which is built upon thi3 eternal immovable rock. But the evangelical Lutheran Charch pos sesses also a_good foundation of that to whfoh she holds fast as her comfort. It will readily be conceded that it ia the business of every true Christun Church to convey to men not only the eternal truth, but also an eternal com fort. 3NTo_ doubt can be of this. Every man has within him an accusing conscience, and therefore his heart longs to learn the character of his relation to the Holy God, and whether h% although a siHEer, may hope to die a blessed death. Now God has founded the holy Christian Church chiefly for the purpo&e; of satisfying this longing in the human breast. She is appointed to be a hea\enly garden upon earth, full of living fountains at which the weary pUgziin of this earth may rest, and from which he may obtain that comfort which is able to heal his wounded conscience, and to fill him with hope of eternal lite. A church which does not bring man this comfort, while it perhaps, like a school of morals, preaches bis duties to him and stirs him up to a slavish fear of God and eternity, or at least leaves him in doubt as to his eternal salvation — sash a church bears its name to no purpose. But what is all comfort if it is net well founded '.' What is a gnilt-sttuck mortal benefited by the comfort that God is his friend, and that he may expect a better life after this, if this com fort lacks a firm, secure, and safe foundation 1 What is a man benefited by the comfort that be is to be saved if he keep the command ments of God, for who can truly keep them ? What is a man benefited by the comfort that be is to be saved if he truly correct himself? J?or who can tell whether he has fully cor rected himself ? What is man benefited by the comfort that he is to be saved if he be sorry for his sins from all his heart 1 For who is it that bears a perfect sorrow in his heart ? What is a man benefited by the' comfort that he is to be saved if he perform good works ? For who will believe, who can believe, that the Holy God will sell His eternal heaven for our im perfect works ? Unhappy are they who have no other foundation for their comfort, What then is the foundation of that' to which the Lutheran Church holds fast as her comfort ? Jesus Christ alone, and nothing eke, is the foundation of the comfort of the Evangelical Lutheran Church. All true Lutherans believe, teach, and confess as fol lows : — All men are lost sinners ; but God, who is eternal love, is not willing that a single soul perish. To this end He has sect His only begotten Son into, this world, and suffered Him to become a man. And this God roan, JesuB Christ, has reconciled the offended righteous God by His life, suffering, and death, and has obtained for all men the remission of einB and eternal life. By the raising of Christ from the dead God the Father has publicly and solemnly, before Heaven and earth, rati fied and accepted this redemption effected upon the Cross, and Christ has ordered His meseeserers to go forth into .the world and to proclaim the Gospel to all men. Bat the Gos pel is nothing else than the joyous tidings. God is already reconciled to all men ; all men are already fully redeemed ; for all men the forgiveness of sin is already obtained : for all men the paternal heart of God, nay, the gates of Heaven, are opened. In short, the Gospel is nothing but the announcement of the eternal peace already concluded between God and the whole human race ; nothing but the announcement to all men of the pacdon of God, and that a free unconditional pardon unto salvation through Christ Jesus. For God has annexed no conditions to His overtures of peace, or eke grace would not be grace. Man is to do nothing save to believe, that is, to accept the joyous tidings resounding from heaven ; then all is right again, God is willing to be his father, and man is adopted as his child ; all sins are to be forgiven him, and he ie to be an heir of heaven, eternal life, and salvation. Upon the banner, therefore, or let me rather say in the heart of every true Lutheran, are written in letters of a living faith the words of the great Apostle of the Gentiles—' Therefore we conclude that man is justified by f juth with out the deeds of the law;' and every true Lutheran minister says to his congregation with St. Paul—' I determined to know nothing among you eave Christ and Him crucified.' Grace, therefore, the free grace of God in Christ unto salvation, this is the only foundation of that to which the Lutheran Church holds fast as her comfort. Oh, a precious cornerstone of comfort ! It will ever stand unshaken, For as truly as Christ, the Son of God, has died upon the cross, and by His death has fully reconciled the world to God, as truly as God the Father has raised this our Redeemer up from the dead, and there by sealed and ratified His work of atonement ; as truly, lastly, as the Holy Ghost illumined and urged the Apostles to preach the joyous tidings ot the Gosnel cf grace to all sinners in the world, so true it is also that no man is ex cluded from the grace of God and the salvation offered it. But this is an excellent foundation to build upon. For a sinner, of whatever grade and kind he may be, as the gate of heaven consists in free grace, it stands open to every sinner/ whoever he may be, as long as the day of salvation Lists. This is our faith and con feseion for which we are ready to yield up our lives. ' We are not ashamed of the Gospel of Christ, for it is a power unto salvation unto every one that believeth.' God grant that we may all attain the end of our faith, the salva tion of our souls. 