Echoes. Come io blows often-sailors, j Sergeant "Whelan in the hospital with the fever.' '"Horsemen are in favor of stähle govern- ment. Mr. Cr.rnow will probably arrive in Cairns next Sunday. It requires a clever surgeon lo dress wounded vanity. Redden standing for Cairns this time. Ile will stand on his head next. Tlioy call the connubial tie a bow ir. Chi- cago, because it pulls out so easily. Don't forget tho concert at Kamerunga to-night in aid of the Provisional School. The Green Island fishing party captured a end weighing 102 pounds, and yet fish are scarce in Cairn?. An old, old story-" I was a navvy once myself." This is Kingsfor i's game, but no one believes him. Too thin. Kingsford going to abolish black and Chinese labour, yet the planta- tions suppoit bim. It is not tm« that Mr. Kingsford will sing "I was a Navvy once" at the concertât Kamerunga to-night. Great rise in the price of moleskin trousers since Father Christmas told the railway men he was a navvy himself once upon a time. Keuueii ¡>ays proceeds Kt. Patrick's Pal go toivaras purcuasing bell for St. .Monica Cuurcu. Tins was the real belle of the ball. iiingsfci'd's silver-taii clique now intend to wear moleskins. J.J. Carthew says he can cavity reduce the price, while such r. UeojaiiU ieeps up. Peinar!; overheard at St. Patrick's Ball on Monday night-" Uh, yes, be wants our vote but we arc net good enough for Ida to as- sociate wiih. Ah, weil, the ballot box will tell." lt is not true that Hr. Kingsford hus de- cided to return lo his old oft? calling as a navvy, and bas made application to Gauger D. Lyons to be taken ou lo till in the whole of the Horse-shoe Bend embankment at the 9-mile. .. UMi.-y ti.lU nient loni» yi-.ii- V>uin» foll ot proposai»," trrouiliUid. Ibo i«.iurliot,o it^ont, .. ima beru huvu 1 l.-to w..r!=i»is »»». tl»o business as bard as I eau, and so far not a single proposal, or even the ghost of one." But lie lias yet to learn the difference be- tween the proposals which relate to the in- surance of lite and those which result in durance for life. Casbley (on his bridal tour) : You've no idea, darling, ol' the quick- witteduess of some of our lower classes. I'll speak to that bargeman, and yon see if his reilly isn't pat. Hi, there ! Where 're you bound ': " Canal boat Captain : " To Sheol, you camel-backed ilude ! Go back to your cage, you long nosed, lop-cared galoot! Yali!" 