A SALVATION WELCOME HOME. A BIG SPLASH" IN THE TOWN nALL. ! Bv A Dis.uilkd Clekoyjias. TIiclso who -havo boon contending 01 into that the popularity and earnestness of the Salvation Army tiro on tho Uccrcaao imud, if present, havo stared with open- mouthed uniazemont at the almost wildly enthusiastic and demonstrative crowd that thronged tho Melbourne Town Unll to excess last evening. Not only the body ot the lufll, but the platform, orchestra, aisles and evory littlo nook inul crannj' available also, wero full up and running over with all aorta and conditions of men; whilst outside was a disappointed mass of people almost largo enough to have tilled another hall of the same size. A larger and moro enthusiastic gathering novcr took place in this splen did hall; and tho Army authorities are to be congratulated on tho unprecedented BUCC033 that they met with. m The gathering was a 44 welcome homo )n !T/.»vnnl wlui has recent Iv ret urned from 12tigl:uul, and took tho form of a Hallelujah tea and after meeting. Tito crowd that camo to lea quite astonished even Colonel Barker, which is saying something, Two thousand tivo hundred were catered for, but far more than that number must havo sat down to tea. As a result, there was neither enough nor to spare, and many had to bo satislicd towards tho close with what they could cotch. Some growled a bit at this, of course, not relishing the idea of going hungry after having paid for ten ; but tho majority took it very good-humorodly, re garding it as a thing that could not bo helped under the circumstances. The spectaclo in tho hall whon tho Commissioner and staff entered was a very imposing one. From tho platform wlioro I Rat a vast sea of faces stretched away from mo on every aide. "Who was not. there ? Poko bonnets, red guernsoys, and Salvation Army shields wero mixed up mnpt indiscriminately in the hall witli Hue faces and feathors, and even white waistcoats and probably dress coats. Behind mo was a solid phalanx of Salvation soldiers and Hallelujah lassos however, alive with expectation, and so excited that, their faces almost rivalled their guernseys in redness. Some could not repress their impa!.icnco at times and fairly bubbled over with Biiatciios of song and .shouts of praise. All the other shouts, however, were as mere whispers compared with the 44 volley" that greeted Commissioner Howard on his cntranco. It was a deafening roar, auil as thousands of strong voices called out one magnetic thrill, as powerful as moat batteries can give, went through tho meeting, causing tho more sensitive to shout louder ami Bhriller still. Tho simile may seem a strange one, but tho only way of {Illus trating tho earnestness of the cheering, is tho shade tho heartiest that L have over licavd gieet tho kicking of a winning goal by a popular team in the football Held. Then camo a "v:avo offering," which an authority c» such matters beside mo on the platform stated eclipsed all others lie had over soon. So many handkerchiefs wdro waved aloft that for a time the people's faces were lost to view, and a tuniultuously tossing sea of whito and rod handkerchiefs stretched out bo- foro the eye. A chapter was read by Major Quick," and prayers offered by the Commissioner, Major Spratt and Colonels Barker and Pollaitl. And then 41 the happy Major" (Colonel Barker), took tho meeting m hand for a time. Ho 13 a very genial and funny man. It .made him tccl beautiful riidit out to tho tips of tho fingers, lie salu, to hear tho bands play ami tho soldiers and tho people sing. Writing that reminds mc that Micro was n very fine cornet player 011 the plat form behind mo— a young soldier, who not only can, but does, play tho cornet with skill and soul. , fc>ome singers from Sydney and Western Australia I lien took the platform. A duett was sung by a soprano and con tralto, with the chorus taken up by the tenor and bac3. Tho voices did not seem to blend very nicely for tho first few bars, but after that they got on famously, and quite took the audience by storm. Mr. II. Baker, M.L.A., then ad dressed the meeting. lie appeared to bo quite carried away by the volcano-like en thusiasm of ' tho meeting and waxed as warm as the moat orthodox Salvationist could towards the elose of an address in which ho expressed full sympathy with the Army and its work. Having stated that the Army deserved more pecuniary support from the Govern ment than they got, Colonel Barker, who always lias a wide-open eye to business, stated something which the audience did not properly catch, although fchev laughed hysterically-over it, to the effeet'that thqy would be satisfied with half of the Budget surplus. A report of the progress made by the Army in the Australian colonics during the Commisriouor'salmenco was then read by Colonel Pollard. In this it was stated .that the progress made by tho Army, during his absence of a littlo over fivo months had far exceeded their most san guine expectations. 270 candidates for positions as officers had presented them selves, 111 of whom wero accepted. Tho numbor of stations had also increased from 200 to 278. In four divisions alone over L1500 had been raised towards the re duction of debts on Army properties. At tho annual meeting in connection with the rc3cuo work movement the munificent eum of upwards of LHOO was either given or promised. The circulation of the tt'av > copies whilst he had been away; and out of tho large number of 02 cadets who > had entered tho Training Home during that time no lc33 than 17 wero > Australian born. It wan a very hard matter for tho mora fiery soldiers'to > keep quiet at times dur ing the reading of the report, and several time-, > tho most r, liking and cheery parts wero greeted with volleys. Commissioner > Howard then addressed the meeting, and received quito an ovation. Although > English-horn he had somehow or another, I10 said, got to look upon Australia > during tho past few years as hia home, and was vory glad to got back to it > from tho old country. "During tho courso of his speech ho defended General > Booth against tho aspersions that had been cast upon his character, and ex > pressed tho utmost -confidence in his in- tegrtey and -zeal for God's glory > ; and also described the Bcerct of tho Army's mar vellous successes an the > outcome of what lie called 44 Holy Ghost power." Unlike Cmsnr's pithy > sentence they hail to say of these colonies and what had been wrought here. > 44 AVo came, we saw, bub God con quered." Tho Commissioner is a ready > speaker, with a not vory torcoful, but, neverthe less, pleasing and > impressive stylo, and whilst lie novor carries his audiences away with hun > yob novor fails to interest and instruct them. A converted South Australian > aboriginal, named Pautoni then sang a aolo, tho chorus being taken up by tho > British con tingent that, the Commissioners brought out with him. Both > Pantoui and llie Britishers are fine-looking jovial fellows, unci rheir > effort was greatly appreciated. The lion. Balfour, M.L.O., was tho next > speaker, and whilst ho did not wax ho warm as Mr Bakor, expressed quito as > much sympathy with tlicm and rcspoct for their Commissioner as that > gentleman liad done. Then camo Dr Bovan, who was greeted wiih literal > thundera of npplauso. IIo 41 enthused" oven moro than any of tho preceding > speakers, and pleased tho Sal vationists immensely. Ho made a vory good > point, and one which was instantly appreciated and applauded, by ntating > that observation led to the conclusion , that doubt proceoded from what wore > , known as tho higher classos and worked ita way down from there to the > lower classes ; but as a rule strong religious faith proceeded . from the > lower classes (so-called) and worked its way up to tho higher classes. All > that tho learned and .popular doctor seemed td nuod towards the close of his address was a rod guern sey with ahiold attached to transform liiiu intoV real. Salvationist. : After Dr Bov&u; camo. the Rev A. Wobb witli another sympathetic address, and bo tho ..mooting ./'spunked" along, rs tho . Americans would say, r with speeches, : 1 Sray aw; hymns, volloys, and roars of t lighter until after ten o'clock. Tlipn a II tho steam was turned 011 for tho singing of tho last hymn. Wasn't it sung 7 Tho singing of it was as the sound of many waters. Then came somo letting off of tho pout up steam of religious excitement in tho shapo of sundry shouts and volloys and beforo long the hall was as silcntas an engine without its motive power, thostcam, Su ended 44 the big splash " as soino of tho Salvationists called it, Tho officers that -luivo come to tho Victorian capital from tho other colonies, will not, however return to their homes for several days yet, as in addition to the conference being hold to-day and to-morrow, thoy aro all booked for one or another of the leading Victorian barracks for next Sunday. If a thoroughly hearty welcouio homo can be taken, as undoubtedly it can be, as a sign of regard Commissioner Howard must have tho very best wishes of tho entire .Salvation Army, and stand high in their esteem. And that ho is wolf de serving of this is tho testimony cheerfully lendered concerning him by not only tho Salvationists, but tho greater number of our leailingpublic men, . 