The Storyteller. The Ladies' Gallery. BY JUSTIN M'CARTHY, M.P., AND MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. CHAPTER XXIII. BICHARD RANSON'S STORY CONTINUED. "There are mornings when one wakens with a vague sense of joy, like the fading sound of some sweet music. One cannot tell why, but the opening thought of such a morn- ing appears to be a prediction of coming happi ness. Mostly, when the thought comes at all, it comes us a memory as well as a forecast* Wo seem to have been happy in a dream which has gone with the night, and we feel, too, as if wo must have a day of happiness before us. Such an impression was on me as I woke one morning—a morning I shall not forget. "I did know, in some measure, why I was going to bo happy that day, for was I not to meet Berenice ? I think Miss Dell must hare been contemplating a political novel just then, and was determined to make what use she could of me in the furtherance of her purpose. Since I had beoome a member of Parliament she had been seized with an ardent desire to study the life of the House of Commons, and was always begging me to give her an opportunity of spending an hour or ho in the Ladies' Gallery, or of wandering about the oorridors and lobbies, and of otherwise taking notes of the ways of Westminster. Nothing was easier than to gratify thin whim of hers, and nothing could have been moro agreeable to me than to arrange these quartette teas on the terraoe and the after-saunterings, when Philippa and Tony philandered together, and I was free to enjoy the Booiety of Berenioe. Suoh a meeting had boon fixed for that afternoon. But I had the feeling that my presentiment of somo happy evont meant more than that. The companion ship of Berenice, swoet as it was, had its counterbalancing pain, and in my wilder and more selfish and fretful moods I nometimes asked myself whether it would not be better to renounoe it altogether. I longed for so muoh that I might not have. I chafed under the sense of restraint, and injustioe, and disappoint ment. This was in my worst moods. To-day there was no canker. I said to myself, • I must have had sweet dreams last night, though I cannot bring them back to memory now ; and, suroly, I am going to hear some glad news to day.' " Well, the expectation was soon made good, in part at least. The morning's post brought me a letter from Binbian Jo which told me that ho was to sail for England in a day or two after the date of the letter, and I might look out for him now almost any day. I was delighted to got the dear old chap's letter; it was short, as all his letters are, but was warm with friendly fooling, and affection, and hope. He told mo something about business matters, which I need not go into now; but the groat fact wits that he was coming to England, and no would bo with me soon. ' What a time wo shall have!' I thought to myself. 'I hope Bore nice will liko him. Oh, lam sure she will! She ih jubt the woman to appreciate the nature of such a mau. I wonder will he bo shy at 6rst in London? I wonder will he like the Strangcs ?' " It was not to the Stranges, however, that I first told tho news of Binbian's expected arrival. I was breakfasting with the Brude noils that morning, for the purpose of being introduced to Mrs. Brudenell, who had come back from her foreign health resort, and was shortly to appear as the heroine of a new play; her husband, of oourse, being the hero. " Mrs. Brudenell, like the Roman matron, pouted between her eight-year-old twin sons, soeined tho embodiment of all the domestic virtues; and, it' Brudenell himself had some what upset my crudo thoories about theatrical people, Mrs. Brudonoll waa calculated to destroy thorn altogether. She had nothing of tho Bohemian or tho artist about her. She affected a severe quietude in dress ; she talked of bociety and not of art; she appeared to be on familiar terms with duohebses; she was handsome, fashionable, talkative, and clever, and hhe greeted me with much warmth, and professed tho doopeßt interest in my partner, Mr. Biubiau, making mo promise to tako dour old .To to hnr first. Sunday roooptien. Sho a-ioptoil, most graciously, a little ornammt. of opals sot in Binbian gold, which I had hurt made for her, and nothing could have been kinder or more pleasing than her manner. But somehow I had the feeling that, if she had been on the scene when I first presented myself to Brudenell, Rick Ransom the adventurer would not have received quite so cordial a wel come as was now given to Rick Ransom tlio millionaire. "Berenice and Philippa came unescorted to the courtyard of the Ladies 1 Gallery. I asked what had become of Tony. 41' He had to go to the offioe of the Aus tralian Agent-General/ answered Berenioo. * A mail came in this morning, and some of our letters seem to have been sent there instead of to the bank. Tony bade me say,' she added, ' that he would join us here at 5 o'clook, and would wait for you in the outer lobby.' " I thought that Berenice looked anxious, and I wondered if she were dreading bad news from Australia. She had that hunted expres sion in her eyes that I noticed at Niagara. But her manner kept the gentle calm which seemed to have settlod upon her since that great crisis in our lives. I knew instinctively that she was determined to orush down her old impetuous moods, and that this quiotude was a sort of protection against herself—perhaps, too, against me. There was no need. I felt as though a solemn oharge had been laid upon me to guard my lady's honour, and I would have died sooner than be false to that trust. " I took them up to the Ladies' Gallery. It was expected that later on some important speakers would rise, and, though tho debate was dull enough just now, the place was orowded. I had not balloted for seats, and, to Miss Dell's disappointment, the only chairs vacant in the dingy prison-like compartment were quite at the baok, where it was almost impossible to see or hear anything that was going on below. Nevertheless Philippa fur tively got out her note-book. If she could not make oopy out of the politicians Bhe could ut least turn their wives and lady friends to account. I stood behind Borenico, and every 'now and then we oxchanged a whispered remark. I saw that she was discomposed and sensitive, and, as the voices of the orators droned on in mechanical invective, I fancied that Berenice grew paler and more restless. "'Come into the corridor,' I suggested. ♦ It is hot and stuffy here.' "We went out, leaving Philippa absorbed in the effort to catch a low-toned colloquy between two smart-looking Tory ladies. Berenice turned to me as we began to pace the long, dim, cool corridor. ■ "' Rick,'she said tremulously—and I started, for she rarely, almost never, addressed me so intimately— 41 don't know what is the matter with me. I'm bo nervous to-day. I feel as if something were going to happen. Do you ever have that feeling ?' '"I know that something is going to happen —something I have been wanting to tell you all day. I heard this morning. Binbian Jo is coming to England.' «"Ah!' " I was a little chilled. Her voice did not express any satisfaction. "Presently she said, 'Well—you will be glad. You will want to tell your bosom friend everything that you have done—and felt. Do not—do not, I beg of you, tell him about me.' "'Berenice,' I said reproachfully, 'you are saored—even from Binbian Jo ; you know that.' " ' Yes. Forgive me. I don't want to seem unsympathetic; but, you know, I nover oould quite share your enthusiasm about Binbian Jo. Bat it is no matter. Don't mind me. I'm not myself to-day. I want Tony to oomc. I •hall be easier then.' " I looked at my watch. 'It is not 5 yet. I will go for him presently. Berenice, tell me what you are dreading.' "' I have no reason to dread anything. It's only a feeling, and perhaps I had bettor not talk about it. I have boon trying so hard to change myself—to crush down all tho rebellious longings I used to have—to make myself different from what I was when you and I first met.' "' There's no use in trying,' I answered gloomily. "' Yes, there is use. I thought I had partly succeeded. It has been very good for me coming to people like tho Strangcs—into this placid orderly English life, in whioh there are no scenes and wrangles and money straits. Only sometimes, like to-day, it corned over me that this is all a piece of acting, and that pre sently the crash will come, and the curtain will fall upon the big situation.' " She gave a little melancholy laugh and stopped in her walk. We drew back into one of the oak- lined embrasures, and for a moment or so she was silent. " ' Doesn't it seem strange and unroal to you too,' Bhe went on, ' that you and I should be together here—you with so much of your ambition fulfilled, and I with bo inuoh of my dream realised? And yot—and yet • There's always a "yet" and a " but" and a " beyond." I don't know what makes me talk like this. I wonder if it's a presentiment of evil or of good ? It seems to me that every moment of this day Fate is coming nearer and nearer, to ohange our lives. See!' Bhe added suddenly, pointing far down the corridor, where two figures were advanoing, ' see! It is Tony.' "It was Tony. I saw that he was with a young member we both knew, whom he had probably met and asked to bring him within the House. Something in Tony's air and look struck me at once. He soemed oxoited, and, when he saw us, turned abruptly from his com panion and walked hurriedly to where wo were standing. "'Why, Tony,' I exolaimed, ' I was just going down to the outer lobby.' " ' Oh, it's all right. I pioked up Macan and got him to bring mo along. Look here, Ransom. I want them to come home. There's something important. I can't talk to Berenice in this place.' " Borenico made a quick movement forward and put hor hand on his arm. ' Toll mo what it ih, Tony,' sho said quietly. • I knew that something waß coming. I liavo fult it all day.' " ' Something has happened,' said Tony. He was greatly moved. I had never, seen Tony look 88 he looked now. < Where is Fhilippa?' ho said. 'We must go home.' " • Tell me, Tony!' Berenice urged. • Thoro ia news from Australia. Some one id dead r' "' Some ono is dead,' Tony repeated. " Berenice gave a sort of shudder and a deop indruwing of her breath, Sho beoame bo white that, for a moment, I thought uhe was goinir to faint. But sho rooovorcd her oolf and stood quite still, not asking another question. " Just then a little stroam of ladies oame out of the door leading to the gallery. Among thorn was Fhilippa Doll. I went up to her. "'Everybody seemed to think it was tea timo, so I thought I'd come out too. Let ub go to the terrace,' she said. Then, as her eyo foil upon Berenice and Tony sho oxolaimed, ' Good gracious! What's the matter 'i They look as if a thunderbolt had fallen/ " ' There has been some bad news from Aus tralia,' I explained hurriedly, ' and Tony wants to take his sister home.' "Ah!' said Philippa, in her decided little way. 'If it's the news I should like to hear it won't be bad news. You know what that is, Mr. Ransom;' and she drew me aside. ' Tell me, is he dead—Berenice's husband r Of course I guessed that thero was a mystery, though I have been told nothing; but novelists have intuitions. Oh, if Mr. Florenoo, whoever ho may bo, has only been so obliging as to take himself out of the world!' " I felt tho blood surging through me as Miss Dell spoke. If this woro Berenice's message of deliverance ! But Berenioe herself was at my side, pale and calm. " • Come, Philippa,' she said. 'I am sorry to spoil your afternoon ; but we must go home.' '' The people from the gallery were chattering and laughing, and filing down the corridor to the staircase. Wo joinod the line—Borenico and I walking together, but saying not v word —and went down to the oourtyard, where Lady Strango's heavy old- fashioned carriage was waiting. Miss Dell sprang in. "Berenico, lingering a moment, gave mo her hand. ' Good-byo,' Bhe said; * I will write.' Her voice was very low and strained, and her eyes mot mine in v wide-open agitated look, as if sho longed to say moro, but could not. She got into the carriage " Tony lookod at mo, too, in a meaning way as he shook my hand. (Don't bother yourself, old chap,' he whispered. ' It'll be all right.' Then he followed Berenioe, and the carnage drove off. "What did it mean? I dared not let my mind dwell on the thought of Berenice's do liverance. I told myself that it was impossible —'that suoh deliverances come in novels, but never in real life. I would not let myself think. I talked fast to the fellows I knew. I got Macan and a witty Irish member I know to dine with me, and we smoked on the terrace, and drank coffee and liqueurs, and rattled on unceasingly till it was time for me to hurry home and dross for two or three parties to which I was engaged; and after the parties I went to the Garrick and met Brudenell and a number of actors, and there was supper and more talking; and through it all Philippa's words rang like the refrain of a song over and over agaiu, till they seemed to have no sense or meaning: 'In ho dead—Berenice's hus band?' "It was morning when I got baok to my rooms, and I was tired and dazed and slopt heavily. When my man woke me in the morning, he brought me two telegrams. The first which I opened was from the agents of the steamer in whioh Binbian Jo was sailing, whom I had asked to send me the earliest news of the vessel: 'Steamer Australia expected at Plymouth Friday afternoon'—this was Tuesday—and the second telegram was from Boronice. It said only, ' Come to me this morning.' "All tho way, an I drovo to tho city in the best-horsed hansom I could find, I kept fight ing against that wild joy-giving conjecture. My heart was throbbing and my pulses tiugling. I could hardly control my voice as I asked for Berenico. I wus shown, not into the drawiug room, but into a little room going off the stairs, where there was an open piano, and music soattered about, and other signs of Berenico's occupation. It was empty; but I haa not to wait long. Presently I heard a light foot fall and tho sweop of a dress, and Boreuico came into tho room. " She came quickly to me, and sho held out both her hands. This was an unusal piece of demontitrativeness on her part; and it tilled me with a new throbbing expectation that was not wonder. She was looking very pale, and she had been shedding tears. " ' Berenice,' 1 oxolaimed, • you havo nows for me; and oh, Berenice, if it is good nows, why have you boon crying S" "' Oh, ray friond,' sho «aid in alow swoot tono whioh wont to my very heart, * I do not know how to toll you what I foci! Tho utmost longing of my lit'o has boon given to mo, and yot I hardly dare to bo happy. I hardly daro to lot the light of joy into my hoart! Oh, it is terrible to have to rojoico over the death of an unfortunate human creature; it is torriblo to know that one did so long for his death —that one would kayo prayed for his doath, if t>uoh a prayer were not an insult to Heaven.' " And now a thrill of almost painful rapturo shot all through my heart, as tho meaning of her words became clear to me as the bun light. Yes ; her deliverance had come. " ' Berenice !' I cried, 'is it true:" You are free, at last r' "'Yes; I am free,' she answered faintly, with more of sadness thau of triumph in her voico ; ' I am free.' " I well understood her feeling, and it had my deepest sympathy. She would not be ray Berenice if her heart wero not filled with pity and pain for tho wretched man who had been her curse. If the very faot that Bhe had to wish for his death did not bring a pang with it now that he was dead, she could not be my Berenice. " ' He is dead, Rick,' nho said, looking up into ray eyes, 'and lam free. We aro free, Rick. I knew it yesterday, when Tony Bpoke, beforn I had read the letter. You think I scorn very tlcprescod, perhaps ; but you will unrtor- Muud how I fcul iibout it. You always do understand me. Yes; Ito longed for freedom : and now lam free. But it is pad to think that in longing for my freedom I had to long for his death.' " * May ho find pardon,' I Raid, ' and a better life where he has gone! We, my Boronico, can atford to forgivo him now.* " 'Oh yeß, from my very heart I forgive him; and I could go and kneel at his grave, and humble myself over it, uud ask of my own boul how muoh fault ot" mine, or coldness of mine, or want of comrade sympathy there may havo boon in mo, which helped to send him on hia nnhappy way. But I ahull never kneel at his grave, Riok—unless we wore to go out there, you and I, and niako a sacred pilgri mage to it—you and I, Rick, together. We might do that. It might bo a kind of ex piation for any wrong of miuo or shortcoming of mino—to him.' "There was an intense look in her eye*, Biioh as one might expeot to see in the eyes ot some too sensitive and solf-distressing saint; some saint who, out of her very saintliness, was tormenting herself by the thought that she might have failed in somo duty of her past life. I don't know why the impulse came into my mind; but I drew her to mo with ono arm round her waist, and thon with tho other hand I closed her oyes—shut down the eyelids on them—and I kissed her eyelidK. She rested on my bosom and did not move under my kisaes. That was my first caress to her. That was the only kind of caress I allowed myself then. I entered so fully into all her feelings that I thought at such a moment a lover's passionate embraco would be a profa nation. Not one word had been said about our becoming husband and wife. Not a word was needed. That was understood between us; was a matter of course. Wo loved eaoh other, and now she was free. "4 We will go to his grave, my Berenice,' I said—l did not yet venture to oall her by any names of passionate endearment, although I longed to pour out over hor all tho fond expressions of my strong love —' we will make a pilgrimage to his grave, if you wish. Is it far from hero 'i Is it in England ?' " *Oh no,' she answered, opening her eyes and looking up at mo a little surprised. ' Didn't I tell you i> It is in Australia; out in the bush.' "A chill and poisoning sort of sensation passed through me, like a deathly foreboding of something terrible about to happen or to be told. Yet there Burely seemed no reason for Buch a thought. " ' You haven't told me anything about it yet, my Boronice—only that you are free and that he is deud.' " ' No; my thoughts were all too full of that. Yes; he is dead. Tho letter which Tony got yesterday at the Agent-General's told us everything. It was from a lawyer, and in it were the regular official certificates. He has been dead for some time. Hiß body was found in the bush ever so far up north—near the coast. The faoo could not be identified ; but they knew his clothes, which had the prison mark. And ho was found at tho foot of a gum tree, on which he had carved his name before he diod—poor, poor unfortunate! —and his story : " Gregory J. Floronoe"—his name was Gregory Joseph. Ob, Rick, I oan't bear to think of it! Ho had escaped overboard from the oonviot steamer when he was being taken from one prison to anothor, and had got into the bush; and thoro he was dying, he wrote, from thirst, and ho bade them take the news to his wife. Oh, Riok, Rick ! what a ghastly story ! Do you wonder if, for the moment, I feel as if I dare not rejoice in my freedom?' "Oh, but what a different feeling was passing through my tortured brain and heart! Her husband's dead body had been found hi the scrub, under a gum-troo, and on tho bark of that tree was carved tho man's name and story ! He had escaped as he was being car ried from ono prison to another, and had got into tho bush, aud perished there of thirst! But this was oxaotly the story told me by Binbian Jo, only with tho addition that Binbian Jo had clothed a dead body with his own clothes, and carved his own name and his own talo on tho tree, in order that he, Biubian Jo, might bo thought to have porishod utterly, and that his wifo might bolievo horsolf free. Could there have been two escapes of convicts; two deaths under a gum-troe in tho scrub; two names and two talos carved on tho bark ? And—oh, my God ! —if there wero not two such happenings, then Berenice i* not free; then her husband is not dead; then her husband is not: a man to hate, but a man to lovo; for her husband is Binbian Jo! " I stood thero silent and ohilled to the very heart. I could not spoak for the moment. My looks and my dumbness alurmed Berenice, and she turned v wondoriug ga/o on mo. " • My friend,' nho said, 'you soera fearfully shucked at this; and it is horrible, is it not ? Rut you soom to turn away from mo. You aro not shocked at tho thought of tho wife of such au unhappy outcast —the widow of such a death —being tho woman whom you love and who is to be your wife j" " Tho mere idea that I could havo been turning from her filled mo with such agony of impatience that I could not restrain any longer the revelation of the frightful doubt which was more and more taking possession of mv soul. "" ' Oh, Berenice—my love ! ray first and only love ! how shall 1 tell you what is in my mind? I must tell you; I dare not keep it back. There is hopo; thero is yet some lingering light of hope; tho thing that I fear may not be truo.' "Berenice drow herself away from me aghast. '"Rick! what aro you thinking of ? Yet hope! Hopo of what : j The thing you fear ? What do you fear V What is happening to us? Do we not love each other ? Are we not free t" "'We are not free, I fear. Perhaps I am too rash ; perhaps my terror blinds me, Bets me half crazy—my terror at the thought of losing you just as I thought I was about t<j tako you to my heart for ever. 1 "'Losing mo? Tho thought of loams mo ? What, h:ivo T done—what havn you dun^, that you should losu mo 'i Oh, Rio.lr, Npouk out iiml 101 lmo all ;il onu.—al!—all; thu wor9t, tho worst! Give it to mo.' «'' Berenioe, it is nut yet quite a certainty ; It is a doubt, but a doubt with a black fore shadowing of tho truth. I fear you are not free.' "'What? Don't you believe the lawyers letter ? But I have all tho papers—the certifi cates. I have them upstairs. Let me get them ; they will explain it all to you.' "*lt is not that, Berenice; they tell tho truth, I'm sure. A dead body wan found under a gum-tree in the scrub about the time you aro told of; and it was drous«d in the clothes of a convict, who had escaped from tho steamer while they wero removing him to another prison; and on the bark of the tree was carved tho convict's name. All that is true.' ■" • Well, if all that is true, why have any doubt? But, oh, tell me'—and here a new alarm lighted in her oyee—' how do you come to know anything about it ?' " ' Because I met an escaped conviot in the scrub, and I gave him some water, for he was parching with thirst; and ho told me that he had escaped in that way; and that he had wandered into the scrub; and that ho found a dead body lying under a gum-troe; and that he put his clothes on it, and carved his own name and his own story on the bark of the gum-tree. And he told me that he did all this because he wished to be thought dead, booauso he had been a bad husband to Mb wife, and he wished her to believe that she was free from him for ever. That is my oruel story. Can you doubt any more ? Have you any hope left to give me ?' "Berenioo's hands fell powerless at her sides ; hor faoo was like that of a ghost; the pallid cheeks, the livid light in tho eyeß—livid as that of tho corpse-candle burning ou the midnight rocks. "♦Oh, mercifulHoaven,' she murmured, 'if this should bo truo !' '"If it should be truo, Beronico, we aro tho most unhappy man and woman on the earth.' "'ls that man living?' she said, with a suddon fierceness in her voice and manner— ' that escaped convict—tho man who told you the story ?' " ' Ho is living.' «" Is bis story true P' "' Oh yes; lam sure his story is true.' " ' You know his name ?' "' Not his real name; I never asked him.' " ' Riok, tell me. Do you really believe that he is my husband ?' '"It is cruelly borne in upon me that he is.' •"Oh, Rick ! dear, dearest Riok!' she ex claimed ; and she ran up to me and flung her arms round my neck, and gazed with heart ronding appeal into my face. ' Oh, take me away ! Don't leave me to him, if he is coming for me—coming to find me out. I'll go any where with you. lam not his wife in the eyes of Heaven; he is nothing to me, exoept a horror and a shame. Take me away!' " ' Berenice, for God's sako, don't ask mo !' «•' What do I oare,' Bho moaned, ' for what tho world may say 'i Let thorn call it sin if they like; what sin could be so great and so hateful as to live again with him ? Buy him off, dearest; pay him anything; give him all you have; let us go away together and live anyhow. You must, Riok, you must. You can't live without mo; I can't live without you. Come! Don't lot any ono know anything; my uncle, or—or oven darling Tony, or any one. Wo must not lose a moment. Como, Rick, come!' " There was a wildness in her eyes and in the choking tones of her voice which gave me for the moment the appalling idea tbat her reason would pay the penalty for her having to hear the story of her fate and mine. I put my arm round her, and tried to still her with soothing words. As if any words could soothe at suoh a time! "'Myown Berenice!' and even as I was speaking the words a dart of cruel conscience went through me like a shooting pain: 'If what I believe is true, she is not my own. She never can be ; she is the wife of my best bene factor, of my dearest friend, of the noblest man alive.' "So drew herself a little away. 'You will not let me go with you ?' she said. ' You will leave me to this man, and to his mercy ? You know about him. Tell me, is he coining—is he in England i' " 'Ho is coming ; he is not yet in England ; but he does not know who you are.' " • Oh, then thore is hopo still.' "'No ; there is no hopo. He is coming here ; he must find out—and I can't take you away, Berenice. Thut would bo a crime I daro not commit. It isn't for what tho world would say of me —ay, or ovou tor what it would say of you, Beronice ; that wouldn't stop me for a moment. What nhould I care for that, if we were free to love each other \ And it is not eveu for the moral wruug. I would risk that rather than givo you back to a brute of a husband. It isn't all that.' " 'Not all that V she said almost listlessly, the fioroe inner struggle having racked her strength away. ' No t Then what is it'r' " 'The man I beliove to bo your husband is my closest and best friend, tho best friend a man ever had; he is my comrade and my bene factor ; and, Berenice, listen—he is changed indeod since those old days. There is not in the world a gentlor and a nobler creature. Oh, you will have to love him, whatever becomes of me. He is Binbian Jo.' " ' Oh, God, have pity on me ! Oh, but what is the use V He will not have pity on mo. Ho has no pity for me. If God had pity for me, He would not have made me happy first, to orush me with such misery after. I don't look to Heaven any more—see, Riok, I turn away from Heaven; I turn to you. Look ! I throw myself on your mercy ! Don't leavo me to this man ; take me with you. I couldn't live with him; better any sin than that sin!' " Then she eat on the sofa and covered her fane with her hands and Robbed. I sat besido hor and did not, m-on touch Jior; mid I foil v lump in my throat, as iF I wpiv home hysterical girl. 1 ulmnst cnvii.'il JVrouiw the roliof of her burst, of tears. Suddouly nho got tip and looked at m«, and spoke in a iirnier voice. " ' Forgive mo,' she eaid, «and I will try to forgive myself. I ought not to have asked yon to do bo wrong a thing; but I was bewildered, and I am bewildered still. It is too much for mo, this terrible blow. Oh, how I wish it would kill me! How I wish that you would mercifully kill me, Rick !' " ' Berenice,' I said, a« dearly aa my choking throat would let me, 'let us not quite despair too soon. This horrible conjecture of mine may not be right.' " She shook her head impatiently. 'Oh yes; it it* right. The two stories fit too exactly into one another to leave any doubt of that. He is alive —my husband is alive; and he is coming to England, and he will see me.' " 'And he is my bonefactor and my dear friend, and he has saved my life—more than once!' "Then a flash of her old long- repressed anger lit up Berenice's pale face. '"Oh yes ; he is your friend and benefactor,' she exclaimed; ' and you tire bound to oling to him and cleave to him, and hand me over to him to be his slave and his victim onoe again. And that is man's friendship to man, and man's loyalty to woman! But listen—what could you do if I were to make up my mind that I will not go back to this man ? You have de serted me; I am left quite alone; I have no one to defend me; what if I were to make up my mind to defend myself 'i How could you, or any one, prevent me from taking an overdose of a sleeping draught to-night, and, lying down to Bleep, not to awaken any more?' " • On, my Berenioe—my love, my love!. do not let such a horrible thought get possession of your mind ! I implore of you; I beg and pray of you.' " ' And you want to hand me back to this wretch ?' " ' But he isn't a wretch. Ho is reclaimed ; he is redeemed.' "' My God!' she cried in her utter agony— 'my God! how I did hate that man !' "'My God!' I cried, 'how he did love you!' " ' You are vory faithful to your friend,' she said with a harsh little laugh. ' You want to hand me over to him at onoe. Won't you even wait until wo find out for certain that he is my husband?' " ' You are cruel to me, Berenioe; but God knows J don't blame you or think of blaming you. This is the roughest thing that ever happened to a woman. I only ask you to bear in mind that the ruin of your life is the ruin of my life too.' '*' Oh no; you only lose me. You are not forced to take up with some one else whom you hate. And then you have your feeling of friendship, and your man's sense of honour, and your faith in the right thing to do, and all that—and I haven't; so there ifl the diffe rence between us. Come, lam ashamed of myself. lam becoming madly egotistic in my troublo; and lam unjust to you, Rick. I know it even when I am saying the wrong and cruel things ; I know it, and I hate myself for saying them; and yet I can't keep them back. For it seems so dreadful to hear you praise this man and call him your friend, and go into ecstasies over his virtues.' "' When you come to know him, Berenioe' "' To know him—oh !' and she shuddered. " ' Yes; when you come to know him, you will say I have not said too muoh about his goodness. Groat Heaven! is it not better, after all, that he should be a good man than a bad man?' " ♦ No,* she exclaimed passionately'; 'it is not better for me, for I want to be still free to hate him.' " Her words out into my heart; but I could not wonder at them. I could not expeot that she should all at once take Binbian Jo as I painted him. "'ls there no escape?' she asked eagerly. ' Will this man, this dearest friend of yours, claim me as his wife, and force me to live with him ? Tell me about your friend.' "'My friend will notolaim you, Berenioe; Binbian Jo is not the man to force you to live with him. He passed himself off for dead only that you might believe yourself free. When he finds that you are still in the same mood about him as you were, he will never try to prevail on you to forgive him and go back to him. I promise and I pledge myself and I Bwear to that—for Binbian Jo.' " • Oh, then God be thankod for that mercy !' she said with a deep sigh. ' There is relief in that. You must forgive mo, Rick, for being so angry with you and ho unjust to you; but I was out of my mind for the time, I think; and then I I'auciod we wore going to bo so happy— you and I; and I loved you so, Riok, and I could uot bear tho thought of losing you. Now you must go, my dear, and leave me to think over all this alono ; and leave me to pray to God for a more humble spirit, and to ask of God that He will forgive mo for ray rebellious ravings, and put into my heart the resolve to do right, or at least the wish to do right. Give me one kiss, Riok—one pure, friendly, harm less little kiss—and then you must go.' "I was about to kiss her on the forehead, but she put her lips to mine. Gold indeed were her lips; puro and passionless, tender and full of grief, was that one sad kiss. " 'Good-bye,' hhe said. 'You will let me know the moment he cornea. You will let me know for certain. I Bhall speak of it to no one just yet—not to Tony, not to the old people. They aro bo kind, so good. Oh, it would break their hearts, I think. The relief was so great to them when they read the letter. They thanked God that I was free. It is too hor rible !' She was nearly breaking down again. ' But, oh, what is the use of talking until we know the worst 'i When I know the worst, then I shall make up my mind.' " ' You will do what is right; your heart will be your guide,' was all that I could say. " Then I left her. I could not help stopping for just a moment and looking back upon her. She thought I had gone, and she sat down on tho hearthrug, literally on tho floor, and Rho !,'iivn liorwnlf up to her grid. Oh, how I Imifrod to pro bunk t<> lut : to takn her iv my .irnm: to cover her faoo with ki«ycH.; to ask her to {jo away with mo, and Hvo with roe: and to promiue her that my whole life übotild be tfivpn to the glad work of matting her happy: I hope that not many men will ever, in Heaven's mercy, be tried by bo keen a tompta tion as mine. I couldn't reason It out—l am not much of a moralist or a casuist; I only know that Bhe was and in my Idol, and that he was and is my friend. •'My vaguely happy thoughts of the morn ing, where were they now ? My forebodings of glad news, what had become of them ? A man more utterly wretched did not lire on the face of the earth. Solemnly I declare that I longed for death, and that I would hare killed myself, if it were not that I have always had just enough of conscience to believe that the poor human creature put here, he does not know why, a sentinal at his post, is bound to remain at the poet till the officer in command tells him that he may go. I felt sore that in her heart and conscience this was the creed of Berenice as well ; and so I felt no real fear that she might evade the threatened troubles of her life by the overdose of sleeping draught which she talked of in her agony. 1 What Bhe does will be the right thing,' I said to myself. ' Oh, may God bo with her ; and He will—Ho will.' " I had two whole days to spend in London beforo the coming of the day when Binbian's vessel was expected at Plymouth. I shall never forget the smallest slightest incident of that terrible time. It seemed to me as if a downright physical darkness—blackness—hung over the world. Another curious phantasy also took possession of me. I seemed to have all day long sounding in my ears that myste rious heavy roar that fills the air along the Niagara shores. If for a few seconds some in cident of any kind took my thoughts away from Berenice and our sad story, then the sound of Niagara ceased in my ears. But the very moment the mind relapsed to its habitual con dition, to its one absorbing subject, then the thunder of the falls boomed on me again. When I slept, Berenice was always in my mind; the instant I woke, I woke to her. Onoe I dreamed that Bhe was bending ovor me, and that sho touched my forehead lightly with her lips, and said, ' Never mind, Rick; I know we are going to bo happy.' And then I cried aloud, and woke myself by the noise I made; and the room was all in darkness, and the future was dark as before. Nothing that I know of in life is so terrible as the perpetual presence and pressure of one absorbing anxious care. The grief for the dead—oh, no matter how fondly loved—grows softer and sweeter with the growing days; but the anxiety that cannot fade becomes only more cruel and op pressive with each new moment that it sits on our breast and strikes its torturing talons into oar heart. "Sometimes I asked myself wildly why I had let Berenice know anything of this terrible truth until it was made certain that it was a truth. Why had I not left myself free to act V Why had I dosed the gate behind me so sud denly and so completely V " Well, for one reason, because I could not help it. I have always been an impulsive man, with littlo or no faculty for keeping things in, or keeping them to myself. I could no more have mot Berenice's words about our love and our future, both then, as she thought, set free, with looks and utterances of simulated hope and joy than I could have lifted a moun tain from its place. Sho would have seen in my eyes and heard in the tones of my voice the reality of my doubt and terror. Or—only think!— she would perhaps have been driven into the horrible mistake of fancying that, for some reason or other, my love had become frost bitten ; that I did not want to marry her. No; I couldn't silence and suppress my emotions— they had to oome out. And, then, snppose I had been able to dissemble so cleverly that Berenice knew nothing of my suspicions, where would have been the good? It would have been only putting off the catastrophe for a day or two. When I had found out that Binbian Jo was her husband, what ohoioo should I have ? I must tell him, and I must tell her. *Ah ! but suppose'—onoe or twice in my wild ness this half-crazy thought came up—'sup pose you had never asked Binbian any question, but let the past be past, and neither husband nor wife know anything of the story? Oh, Hick Ransom, thank God that, in all your misery, you could not possibly act like that. 7 "Sometimes, too, I felt as if I were in the mental condition of Enoch Arden. ' He was not all unhappy; his resolve sustained him.' Cer tainly, if I was not absolutely and altogether unhappy, it was only because my resolve sus tained me. I must not stand between these two hearts, or between them and their last chance. I must do my best to bring it about that they shall have that ohanoe. I must trample on all my wild hopes and my passionate love; I must trample them down like weeds. That was my duty as a man, as a friend, as one who adores a woman he yet may not claim for his lore. Iv my self• torturing moments I have even found the thought coming up: 'Oh yes, this is bad enough now, to bo sure; but how muoh worse will it not be when the crisis is over, and nothing is left to you but the long, slow, almost infinite stretch of passiveness and negation—no Berenice more for whom you can do anything, no friend tor whom to make a sacrifice ; only the ruined empty past and the hopeless future to fill your thoughts with! Of course, I shall go away. I shall travel—ex plore, perhaps. I wish I wore a soldier and could go to war, somewhere. I wish these wore the old days when a man could volunteer into some foreign service which was engaged in war, and fight for his new oause, and forget himself in the siege and the battle.' "While this thought was in my mind I happened to be riding in Rotten-row. It was early, and there were few people about. In my quick-changing moods I suddenly urged my horse forward and suddenly pulled him in again. He was rather an awkward, poor, hack, and he stumbled and plunged and fell, and I came to the ground with him. For an instant I thought he was going to roll over me; but, with the Australian bushman's instinct, I rolled myself nut nf hin reach, and then got on my font again. T w:ih not hurt., nntl t.lin pour animal w.'ih soon Hot ftn his loff.M by thn hrlp nf n polimnnn and ono or two bystanders; ;ind T mounted and jLTallopod off, quitu uuharmod. Why do I tell this loujr unimportant «tory 'i For this reason. —because I want to add tn it the remark that that moment of the fall and the scramble was the only moment free from grief and pain that I had had since I last spoke with Beraniee, For that Budden strange moment she and mr trouble were out of my mind. No sooner had 1 got safely on my hone's back anew than Care, the black spectre, mounted up behind mo and threw his grim goblin arms arouni my neck, and began to whisper in my ear and teU me the Bad story all OTer again. Then I appreciated to the full the virtue of action, of danger, of some peril or trial of a merely physical order, that wrenches one for the moment away from one's inward self. It made me understand, in one sense at least, the joy of battle—not the joy of fighting and killing other men, but the joy in danger of being killed one self, and so not having time to think of either past or future. " Well, I can't go and fight any one ; I am not likely to get killed or even to be In any danger of death just now ; and I could not want to get killed, for I have some work cut out for me by fate and by duty whioh I must do, which I dare not avoid; and so the Niagara sound must still bo in my ears." [to be continued.] 