'"?~N INNOCENT ELOPE aI MENT. a I By hi. E. HoLAAN. Il. A winier gloaming, but soft and grey. S-r . A stretIh of eastern country opon and his ooded, high and low, level and broken, rIt oautiful in summer, but just now deeply 'u. Idden beneath a mantle of snow, and above led I hanglnf a dome soow-ladon. ow A faint western wind stirring the he orchard's great desolate heart, and filling dy ils aisles with uncanny whispers. nd From an invisible somewhere gaunt re shadows stealing forth and reaching out he holeir cold, bar3 arms to darkly embraso a o ambling, old-fashioned homestead mansion. we Ever unowinding and gaining volume as u they approaooed, those spectral shades ,r- ilently stalked into a quaint, low.ceiled ly apartment before whose open ohasm. of a ilreplace stood a young girl. re She was in appearance almost a child, ad dim as a youthful tamarack, and graceful, re with a face sweet, round, fresh, daintily ioted, but hardly up to the classlcal ideal if beauty. A face tenderly, temptingly, laringly lovable, yet wondrous sad, withal, n its present repose. ok IRid flames suddenly broke from a Iy moeulderioglog. Scarlet arrows, with Rem. irandt effoot, pierced the encroaching gloom, of Drcrog its retreat and softly kissed that ,r. lrlish face, those dreamy, veiled eyes, and Is wo little hands idly falling down and ligntly a dasped before her in an attitude of nocon he lnous grace. Ic Her dress extended high to the warm teroal, and, loosely confined at the waist by Ic a artisllo knot of ribbon, fell straight down St her slim feet in folds of soft wolse eoeh ~ ere. With that halo of light upon her, and ,f under the spell of deep thought, she re I, sembled strangely the careen Image of a d devout, rapt young saint out from Carara n marble, or the minlature of an Introspectivy d Aphrodite in Parian atone. a No wonder a man coming up the veal. paused just outside the .viudow an intian. with bated breath then slowly resumed hi" way with something very like a sigh of pain. As if his glance had pierced her armour of a calm : 'I wlsh it was over,' she murmured, d pressing her small fingers close together in an agony of self.restraint ; then suddenol flinging themapart with apassionate gesture, 'or I wish I had never oome, or that I was dead, or that-ih, God I how I wish- Batr--bah I' a smile of contempt drooping her sweet lipped mouth at the corners 'What use to wish ? Oh, this gnawing pain at my heart I This burning dryness of my eyes. Tomorrow, on some pretext, I I most go home, else I shall go mad ; but to. r night--' Ay, to.night I What of It ! Could she only have foreseen the events in the darkness of that night, would she have t counted on the morrow thus? The banging of a distant door, then the sound of someone approacoing. An instant her heart stood still with a I vague, indefinablo hope, a wild, yearning fear. Could it he Paul? Paul Granleigh, her cousin, her king among men, yet who in a . few hours would be the husband of another woman I * Ah, no, she had seen him ride away in the early gloaming. When he returned to his anoestral homo- well, she would not be here. Like a thing caught in guilt, she glanced hurriedly around for an avenue of escape, as a stop- Rick's-sounded in the corridor outside. d A firm yet light step, and presently the y door was flung ajar, admitting a tall young man, and with him a frosty breath from the r eutor world. 'Behold, our steeds prance at the door. Hss'o to the wedding,' he cried grandilo Squently. Then, as his pleasant eyes take in that d solo, silent occpant : d * Trick,' coming forward, 'you look like a r great wax doll constructed after the Greek. Where on earth'-a man's usual sooff at woman's artistic droes.loveo-'did you find y that babyish affair ?' She shot him a glance of overwhelming d scorn. S 'That babyish affair was found at Red-/ I fern's, and cost dad more money than your 1 self and your prancing steeds are worth, Sir Ignorance. Come, that's a good boy'-in d sweet, laughing tones-' fetch my wraps from yonder more, and-' I 'Oh, no hurry!' flinging himself into a w chair near. ' The governor, your reepeeteo . uncle, and the lucky sirs of your homble a servant, is still swearing over an aggravatino Srsavat. I heard him as I stole past hlb room. As it is nearly six hours to mid-. By Jove, old man I' his eyes suddenly liftin to a 1.11 form in the doorway. ' Ejected, 1 eb? Whet's up?! His brother slowly entered. ' I forgot my porse, and-well, you know one cannot expect to do Europe on his t wedding tour with empty pookete I' with a low, mirthless laugh, 'I left it in my room in some place. Will you fetch it while I warm op, Errio?' * Well, seeing it's your night of doom, yes ; but'-with a heart free laugh-'you're pulling a miihty long face, old man, for a pro spectivo groom. Cheer up. Life is short and full of chances. Ms belle will be in a dence of a temper if you dun't cultivate a happier look for the altar.' When the door had olosed upon himl Paul turned to his slim, white-faced cousin. ' Let me look at you,' he exelaimed, devouring her with his dark ayes ' Here where we have been so happy together, let us part; and after to-night it will be best for both if God never lets me'see ooriempt ing fase agaiu.' Thrilling and chilling alternately, ahe stood before him voiolels and motionless under his intense passionato eyes. ' You do care,' he continued meehanically. 'Inever dreamt you did until to.night. I saw you througb the window, and I-I read your raee. Oh, Triok. Trick I if only we had met earlier, when I was free, and you--' * Iush I' shabe eried pseaionately. '* Are you human to tortur and inesolt mu so?' Forg v me, I-I am mad, I think, Good-bye He t',rned nosteadily to leave the room. He paused, and eoming back stood before her. His face was salm, but somehow suggestive of fierce restraint. He was a strong man with strong passions, and possessing an iron will to sontrol them. SWill you sling for me that song you sang when first youoamse to visit aus?' he asked. ' I have a presentimert that it will he the last time I shall ever hear your voloe, and I want to remember it. It were a pity to for get she sweetest thing one ever heard, would It not, little one?' A dry sob rose in her throat. Beatrlix Eveolyn was childish in appesranceonly. Choking down her misery she turned to the piano near, Qolveringly at first hsr sweet voice rose, then went steadily on to the end. '"'TI Illto brolk the bands that nod dsereed to Yet stll are we the children of the heather and I th wtind: Though far away from home, ob,'te s till for y?u and me. Test te brom is blowlne boone In that north countree ,' 'I'm afrald you'lt have to do Eorope on truet, old man,' sxaolaimed Bltk, entering. ' I can't find your "filthy lucra I' ' I will go and find it myself, then,' turning as he stood on the threshold. 'good-bre,' he said * It begios to snow. Bo that Beatrix I is well wrapped. Erric.' Then he was gone, and Trick shivered. 't llbe b'amed if he Isn't more fit for a lunatio asylum than a bridal tour,' grumbled Rick. ' Well, I oan imagisne plsasanter positions than arryiong the pug dog, and reoliving the sarcasm of my future siator-in law, an't ynou, cousin ohere?' Trick made no return in words, and was strangely silent during the leng dries toi Eaton Pines. I It was a whlm of the whimelosl, woelth bride that the marriage ·ahould be performed at midnight, bot on their arrival dantlng wae In progress. About ten o'slock lntk came np to hIsl odan. h'lere wa a esomewasa ~oubled look on his plealant facA. SI have a message-a telegram for you,' he whispered. 'One of our servants just brought it over. Comeinto the conservatory and read it.' It was from a prominent doctor in' Now York: * 'our father dangeroouly ill. Coma im modlstely if you would see him alive.' With a low cry she lifted her eyes to Erric's face. BSe swayed, and would have fallen had not someone caught her. It was Paul. bhe hardly heeded, but. Errio briefly explained. * I will drive her over to the station,' be said. * We can catch the midnight train.', . * Very well. There Is no use speaking about it; it would but create a dlstureanoe, and I cau easily explain afterward. Hitch Black H?oe into my cutter, Errio, quick as possible. Sule is a safe animal.' A few minute Itter, wrap'o4 in furs to the eyes, and nearly dietracted, Trick was lifted into the waiting cutter. Errio was about to accompany her, when his brother called him asede. and both returned to the house, only one returning a moment later. Even through her anxiety she felt grieved. Why had Paul so coolly parted with her ? Bushing to her eyes the tears froze there. She had no desire to speak, and Errio apparently was in the same mood. Iileutly and tediously they drove against the eover ioeroaeing storm. Wilder and more furieus itbecamoe, deeper and more drifted the snow. 'We shall never got there I' cried Trick wildly. 'It must be near midni.ht cow I' And her tortured mind wont book to th, mansion long left behind. In a few minute' Paul would be married, perhaps Perhap he was married already. Behand her in lit. lay the might-have-beeu of happiness. Before-God, what was before HIer;boloveo father B!nok Baes had stood still as if bewildered. Through a grove near the wind moaned in painful acoonts. ' Are we lost, Errio ?' she cried. ' Why don't you spoek ! Why--' IIo capea from the oucter and went quickly forward. Black Base stook quivering in her tracks Pocaently he returned to her side and stood lhero, the wind howling and driving abouw them both, the snow falling fast ano faster. It i usoelesse. We can go no frther : she has lost the road.' hoc said. At the voice Trick uttered a cry and tore I the veil from her face. 'Paul I' boe cried. ' Whore is Errla 7 I Why did you do this mad thing?' SReoauseo I wasmad. I wantedtosaoyou, I to say a last word before we parted-forgive. Forgive mo.' ' Where is Errio?' L eked salely up in the cloakroom unlaes they have liberated him before this '-grisly. SWoast will you do?'-dazedly. You I cannot be back by midnight to-' 'I had not intended to. Indeed, I am not I sore I ever intended going back at all. Baut a marriage can be postponed, a death annon. I know if it were possible for anyone to get you to Zadwlck in time for the midnight express I could. I have failed'-lighting a match to see his watoh- face, and speaking in a kind of bitter despair. 'It is half-paet twelve, and,' he continued passionatoly, 'I am glad I am not marriad-glad I am with you. darling, come what may.' Hush I Oh, what will I do? What osn I do? What will they all say of me?' ' They will not dare'say a word of you ' fiercely. ' I-I wish we would both die here to-night. We would at least be together I No one mild part us. But although it is wild and stormy, it is not cold, and there is no snob luck as freezing in store for us.' 'You must go back,' she cried wildly. ' "ou mst go bhak. I command It, Take Black Bese, and leave me hero. You have wronged me enough already. I forbid von staying here now. Go, go I And pray God I may never look upon your face again.' All his mad entreaties were of no avail. She only repulsed and bade him leave bor. Bow that long night under the shelter of an overturned cutter was spent Trick Evelyn never forgot, but always shuddered when she spoke of It. But after what seemed an eternity she thougtn she heard voices ca'ling at a great distance ; then down she went into the darkness of death. A month later, in her father's New York house, she reclined on a couch, very pale. wan. and frail, but with a look of content on her sweet face Her father had but just left tbhe room when a servant ushered in another mal none othoreban PaulGranlaigh. but, from the awful events of that awful onght, the ghost of his former self. With a blush, Trick held out her hande then, as he gladly took and hold them in his, horst into a storm of tears. 'And they thought we had eloped-that papa's illness was only a trick.' she said later. ' It they had found Erric b fore mid n ght- before Miss Eaton, in that fit of sneer, married her muoio-master, how dif ferent it would have been for us.' Perhaps it would, and spoiled our lives, my pet'--oftly. ' Sweetheart, I shall alwsys think I was mad that night, and.' he eon- I tinned, softer yet. ' hl·.* mr mradnes l' 