| Si® P1B4TE..; H -ar or .CLARKE RFSSELL, . H .v I The Wreck ' M Ac Greswrnw, ; .Uij M«nd,' 'A Safaris Sweet-: heart' ®t' ' /te.T«®VXII.-(Cosrarei3..) . -««« n von how the vcxy - soul « iratang- to soa to the, I There was no lancer Ac s-'apport ; jitllsbMt. ,l t uvi l0iror 0f wujnng £-1 Sing wad. 1 J000 froffi a L.V _ i j «T1 rKp vnrv sense of jT Sported rendered Ac boat an; soCTntT » I . oTjipatioa npon me . object of terro , hlT spaoc as fright- M bunch into yonaer t j I fill " 4 ?that it wonld be equally shock- ; licked fa Ais slowly . I u- F? bodv of ice— nnv, tenfold more f11 and" Aat, if I 'had to choose. Aockmg, Of d hideous solitude I I -oif obcerfnllr I 'tfiftv times over i«ain Ae penis of a I JaSflAM mused I remained :«Bmd« eves noon Ae little gronp of fanciful I inf spST >f ioc on Ae edge of Ac hollow I had beea too pre-ooenped I S d&fcc; ; on a sudden I starred, Z%l bvan appoarance too exquisitely. B tiblTho sun shone with ; B ffef white frosty .brilliauoe in Ae north-, | IT- some of Aese spikes and figures of icc B Stated Ae radiance in several oolonre. la B where Aev were wind-swept of their B Sof an"d showed Ae naked ice, Ae hues | wonanmsly splendid, and, mingling B mra the sight, formed a kind -of airy , ram- B w-like vSl that complicated Ae whole oon- I oration of white shaft and many-tmctoed ; I Sairethc marble column, ihe.idabnster steeple I - into a confused but most surprisingly dainty and shinine scene. I if was whilst looking at Ais Aat my eye I 'raced, a little distance beyond,' Ae form of a I sSvT spars and' rigging. .Through the I labyrinth of Ae ice outlines I dearly made I out two masts, wiA two square yards on Ae | foremast, Ae rigging perfect so far as- it I went, for Ae figuration .showed no more Ann half Ae height of Ae masts, the lower parts I being apparently bidden behind Ac edge of I " Aehollow. I have said Ant Ais coast to . Ae north abounded in many groups , of I beautiful fantastic Aapos, suggesting a great I variety of objects, as the forms of donds do; I tut nothing perfect; but heqe now was something in ice Aat;cbiild not have been I -completer, more symmetrical, more faultlessly I rrapoAoned had it been. Ae work" of an I artist. I walked dose io. it, and a Hrtle way I around so as to obtain a dearer, view, and I then getting a fair sighi of Ae appearand I, halted again, transfixed wiA amazement. I phe fatuic appeared as if foiined of frosted I "lass. The masts had1 a -good 'rake;- and wiA I n seaman's eye I took notice, of Ae furniture, I observing the" shrouds, . stays, "backstays, I braces to be perfect. Nay. as Aongh the I spirit artist of Ais fragile glittering pageant I iiad resolved, to oinit. no detail to complete I Ae illusion, Aere stood a vane at Ae mast- | Jiead, shining like' a tongue of ioe against Ae soft blue of "Ae sky. Come, Aought I, re- | covering from fay wonder, Aere' is more in this than it is possible forme' to guess by I staring from a distance ; so, striking my f pole into Ae snow, I made carefully towards : the edge of Ae hollow. . ' The gradual unfolding of the picture pre pared my mind for what I could not see till Ae brink was reached; Aen looking down, I beheld a schooner-rigged vessel lying in a sort of cradle of ice, stem-on to Ac sea.. A man baulked out wiA frozen snow, so as to make his shape as great as a bear, leaned upon Ae rail wiA a slight upwards inclina tion of his head, as though he were in : Ae act 'of looking fully up to bail me. His posture was even more life-like than that of Ae man under Ae rock, but his garment of show robbed .him of Aat reality of vitality which had-.startled me A Ae other, and Ae . insiaht X-saw-him I knew him to be dead. He was Ae onlyi figure visible.' The whole body of Ae vessel, was': frosted by Ae snow into Ae glassy' aspect of the spars and rigging, and Ae sunshine striking down made a beautiful prismatic picture of Ae silent ship.; . . . She was a very, did craft. , The snow had moulded itself upon her and enlarged wiAu'/it spoiling her form. I found her age in Ae etrufcture of her bows, Ae headboards of which curved very low round to the top of Ae stem, forming a fih'd of well Aere, Ae afterparfc of which was framed by Ae fore castle bulkhead, after the fashion of ship building in vogue in Ae reign of Anne and the first two Gedrges.' Her topmasts. were standing, but her jibboom was; rigged 'in. '."I could find no oAer evidence of her people having snugged her for Aese vrinter.quarters, m which she had been manifestly lying for years and years. I traced Ae outlines of six small cannons covered wiA snow, but resting wiA clean-Bculptured forms in Aeir white coats ; a considerable piece of ordnance aft, and several " pe Araroes or swivel-pi ocee .upon Ac after-bulwark "tails.. Gaffs 'and'-' booms were in Aeir plaoes, and Ae sails furled upon them. The .figuration. of ;Ae maifr .hatch Aowod a grnntl square, and Aere was. a com panion or. hatch-oover abaft Ae. mainmast. There was no trace of a boat. She had a flush or level deck from Ae well A Ae bows to a faAoin or so past the main-shrouds ; it was Aen broken by a short poop-dock, which west in a-girat spring or rise to Ae stem, that' was after Ae pink style, very narrow and tell _ Though I write this description ooldly, let it not be supposed that I was not violently agitated and astonished almost into Ae belief Aat what I beheld vraa a mere virion — a phenomenon. The right of the body I . eramined did not nearly bo greatly astound me as the spectacle of this ice-locked schooner, it.vas easy to aooount for the presence of a My own situation, indeed, 'sufficiently solved the riddle of that oorpse. ' But the ship, perfect in all respects, was like 1 a stroke of magic. She lay with a slight list to larboard' but on the whole . 'tolerably upright, owing to the corpulence of , her bilge. The hollow or ravine that formed , hw bed went with a sharp incline under her . stem to the 6ea, which m virible from the . kpjof the cliffs here . through the split in the ae £helving of the ioe put the wash S theocean at a distance of a lew hundred . wet from the schooner ; but I calculated that jho vessel's actual elevation above the water- , line, supposing you to measure it with a ' Ijnniet up and down, did not exceed twenty 80 much, the hollow in which Bhe . Tested bring above twenty feet deep. Jtwaa very, evident that the schooner had i 5"oaT8 gone by got embayed in this ioe when ' to the southward, and had in oourse ; .<«, time been built up in it by floating : Jnassee. , For how old the ioe about the poles can In tliose sunless Worlds the frozen continents inay well possess ; tue antiquity of the land. And who shall "mitae the monarch who filled the throne of Bntain when this vast field broke away from the main and started on its stealthy naviga tion sunwards f CniprKB TSL — I Xjosb vt BOAT. \- I lingered, I daresay, above twenty. \--Tumutes oontemplaAig Ais "..innln.- crystal , fosailof a. drip, and considering wheAer I ;t ebould go down to her and ransack her for . whatever might answer my turn. Bat she .>? 80 tar5' secret under her white garb, and Aere waa something so terrible in Ae " aspect of the motionless snow-clad sentinel \-- who leaned npon the rail,. Aat my heart '» very easily persnaded myself to believe Aat, first, it would take me longer ". r PjArato and seaiohher Aon it was proper . X : should be away from Ae boat; Aat, ®s?<»nd, it waa scoroe to bo supposed her crew tAad .left any prorisiona in her, or that, if stores Aere were, Aey would be' fit to eat ; ; ./ted _ Aat, finally, my boat was eo small it e raahi. to put mto her Ae most trifling .matter Aat was not essential to Ae M preaer ration of "my life. < .-A|-?8'|98nclAng to have nothing . to do wiA the ghostly aporiding fabric, I started for Ao .'ro> arid, wiA some pain ,-?f the ioe being rery jagged, T®plA, and deoeitful to Ac traad, unvtd \- \ . r ' ' ' " " ' I-- KoAing but-Ae uesirc to possess Ac fins warm cloak oonld bn vc tempted ma to handle or even to ciiSt my tye , upon Ae' dc-ad vuan again. I fonnd myself inorc soared "by liiiu now Aan at first. His" attitude was to life like Aat, Aongh I knew him to he a corpse, had be risen on a sudden Ac surprise of it couldbardly biivc shocked me more Aan Ae astonishment his posture raised. As a skeleton he. coold not have so chilled and awed me; but so well preserved was his flesh by Ac cold, Act it was bard to persuade myself lie was not breathing, and Aat, though he feigned to be gazing downwards, be was not secretly observing mo. His beard was frozen as hard as a bnA, and it crackled' unpleasantly to Ac movement of my hands, which I was oblieed to force under it to unhook Ae silver chain that con fined Ae clwik a'Kmt Ids nock. I felt like a Aief, and stole a glance over either Aonldcr, as Aongh, forsooth, some, strangcly-clfld companion of his should be creeping upon mc unawares. Then, Aought X, siiue I have Ac cloak I may as well take Ae watch, flask, and tohaeeo-box, as I had before resolved ; and so I dipped my hand into his pockets, and wi Aout anoAer glance at his fieroe, still face made for.Ae boat. . I now noticed for Ae fiist .time, so over- ' whelmingly had my discoveries occupied iny. attention, Aat the wind had freshened anil was blowing briskly and piercingly.. "When I bad first -started upon Ae ascent of Ac ;s!ope, .Ae wind- had merely wrinkled Ac swell as Ae large bodies ran; but Aose, wrinkles bad become little seas, which flashed into foam after a .short race, and the whole surface of Ae"occan was a brilliant bine tremble. I came to a bait to view Ae norfh- cast- sky before the , brqw of. the rooks hid it, and saw Aat clonds Wore oongTcguting Aere, and some -of Aem blowing up to where Ae snn htmg, Aese resembling in shape and \ colour Ae compact pufi of Ae first disdharge of a cannon before Ae smoke spreads cm Ae air. '" What sbonld X do? "I sank into a miserable ..perplexity; ' If : if was going to blow, what good could attend iny departure from tins island ? .It.was" an. adverse wind; and when it freshened I could not choose but run before it, and that would drive me clean away, from the direction I required to steer in. Tet if T -.was to wait- npon the weather, ; for how long should I be kept a prisoner in lAis b'oirid; place?- True, a souAerly wind might:spfirig;up to-niorrow, btrt it might be oAenrise, bf cqmein a hard gale; and if I .faltered now I might, go on hesitafing, and then my provisions would. 'give oat, and God alone knows how it; wbnld'ead wiA me. Besides, Ae presence of the two bodies made the island fearful . to my imagination, and nature clamoured in me to be gone, a sum mons my jndgmonteoaldn'otrasist, for reason oftm mideads, but instincls never. . T fcfl again -to my downward march and looked towards "iny'boat— Aat is: to-say,-I lookfed towards' Ae part of Ac ioe where Ae little haven in whieh she lay had;boaa, and I fonnd.boA. boat' and haven gone ! ' , ' I rubbod my_eyes and stai-ed again. Tush, Aonght I, 1 am doetaved by Ae ioe. I glanced at the slope behind to keep me to my bearings,1 and once more sought the haven ; bnt Ae rock Aat had formed it was gone, Ae bine swell rolled brimming past Ae line of shore' Aere, and my eye, following Ae swing of 'a fold, I saw "Ae boat about three cables length distant-ont— upon Ae water, swinging steadily away into the sou A, ; and showing and disappearing-with Ae heave. The dead man's cloak fell from my aim ; I uttered a ciy of anguish; Itslasped mv hands arid lifted, them to God, and looked up to Him. I was for kicking off my boots and plunging into Ae water, but, mad as I was, I was not so mad as Aat ; and mad I should have been to. attempt it, for I oonld not swim ' twenty strokes, and had I been Ae stoutest swimmer Aat ever breasted Ae salt spray, Ae cold must speedily put an end to my miseiy. What waste be done ? Nothing 3 I oonld only look idly. at Ae receding boat vriA retting .brain. ; The full blast of Ae wind was upon her, and helping Ae driving action of the -billows. I perceived Aat Ae was irrecoverable and yet I stood watching, watching,- watching ! my head burning with Ae snrgings of twenty impracticable schemes. I cast myself down arid wept, stood np afresh and looked at Ac boat, Aen cried to God for help and mercy, bringing my hands to my throbbing. temples, apd to Aat posture straining- my eyes at tne Just vantAing structure. She was the only hope I had — my sole chance. My little stock of provisions was in her— oh, what was I to do ? Though I was at' some distance from Ae place where what I have called my haTen had been,. . Aere. was no need for me to approach it .to understand how my mis fortune:; had" .come about. It was likely enough Aat the veiy crevioe in which I had jammed Ae mast to secure Ae boat by was a deep crack Aat Ae increased swell had wholly split," so Aat Ae mast -had tumbled when Ae rock floated away and liberated Ae boat. ' . , . - The horror that this., white and frightful scene of desolation had at Ae beginning filled me wiA was renewed . wiA such violenoe when I saw Aat my boat was lost, and I was to be a prisoner on Ae deaA-hanrited waste, that I fell down in a sort of swoon, like one partly stunned, arid had any person oooie along and seen me, he would have Aonght me as dead as Ae body on Ae hill or the corpse that kept its dismal look-out from Ae deck of Ae schooner. My senses presently returning, I got up, and, Ae rock upon which I stood being level, I fell to pacing it wiA my hands locked be hind me, my head sank, lost in Aought. The wind was steadily freshening ; it split wiA a bnwtinir noise noon Ae ioe -crocs and un- equal surfaces, and spun wiA a hollow note past my ear ; and Ae Aunder of Ae breakers on Ae oAer side of Ae island was deepening its tone. The sea was lifting and whitening ; something of mistiness had grown up over Ae horizon, that made a blue dulness of Ae junction of Ae elements Aero ; bnt Aongh a few clouds ont of Ae ooUectiun of vapour in Ac north-east had floated to Ae zeniA and were sailing down to Ao eouA-west heaven, Ae azure remained pure and Ae sun very frostily white and sparkling. I am writing a strange story wiA the utmost candour, and trust Aat Ae reader will not judge me severely for my confession of weakness, or consider me as wanting in the stuff out of which the hardy seaman is made, for owning to having shed tears and been stunned by Ae loss of my little boat and Blender stock of food. Ton will say, « It is not in Ae power of the dead to hurt a man ; what more pitiful and harmless than a poor unburiod oorpse?' I answer, 'True/ and declare Aat of Ae two bodioa, aa dead men, I was not afraid; bnt this mass of frozen solitude was about Aem, and Aey took a frightful character from it ; they communi cated on element of deaA to Ao desola tion of Ae snow-clad Island ; Aeir presence made a principality of it for Ae _ souls of dead sailors, and into their lifelike stillness it pnt its own supernatural spirit of loneliness ; so Aat to my imagination, disordered by suffering and exposure, this melancholy region appeared a soene without parallel on Ao fooe of Ae globe, a plaoo of doom end madness, as dreadful and wild as Ae highest mood of Ae poet oonld reach up to. By Ais time Ae boat was out of right. I looked and looked, but Ae was gone. Then came my good angel to my help and put some courage into me. 1 Alter all,' thought I, ' what do I dread ? DeaA f It oan out come : to that. It is not long ago tha Captain Hosy cried to me, " U. man «os iit M sw, He'U ml periih tit gteieltr /«r «u>- ie inflating hit end with a stout heart." He that so spoke is dead. The worst is over for him. ' Were he a babe resting upon bis | mother's breast he oonld not sleep more soundly, bo more tenderly lulled, nor be freer from such anguish as now oflHcfai me who to life, as if this thin,' I . cried, ' looking around me, ' were a . paradise of wuranth and beauty. I must he a man, ask God for courage to meet whatever may betide, and stoutly endure what cannot be evaded.' rainmaly into plifloaapby aal." stoggarefl- Soligions trnst. My miudvvent to the sAoonsr, yet I felt an extraorShuiTy recoil within mc when I Acmght of- sookhig an asylum in her. I had Ae figure oilier haiore my fancy, "viewed Ae form of Ae man on her deck, and the idea of , ponotratirig her dark interior and secldiig1 shelter in a fabric that time and frost ana ' doa A had wrought into a blaak mysterv was droadfnl to me. Nor was Ais all. " It seemed like Ae verv last expression of despair to board Aat starless frame ; to make a dwel- . ling-plaoc, wiAont prospsot of dslmraneo, , in Aat hollow of ice ; to become in one sense \- as dead as her lonely mariner, yet preserve all Ae sensibility of Ae living to a condition he was as nnaonairioas of as the ice that enclosed him. It most lie 3o» nevertlielas, thought I ; I shall certainly perish from exposure if I; linger hare ; besides, bow do I know bnt Ant I may discover in that ship some means of : escaping from tlie island Assuredly there was plonty of material in her for Ae bmlding of a bout, if I oonld meet wiA tools. Or possibly I might find a -boot- under hatches, for it was' common for vessels of her class/ and in her time to stow Aeir pinnnoes in Ae 'hold, and. when the necessity for vari-ng thm-n arose, to hoist them out and tow Aem astern. These reflections somewhat heartened mo,' and also let me add that Ac steady mounting of Ae wind into a email gale served to reooncile me, not indeed to Ae loss of my boat, bnt to my detention ; for though Aere might ' lie a iniserahleTangoiahing end for me here, I eoiOd not but Ixilieve that there was certain death, -too, out there in that high swell and in those sharpening peaks of water off whose foaming heads .the wind was blowing Ac spray. By which I mean Ao boat oonld not have playad in anoh a wind ; she must have rnn, arid by r. inning have carried me into the stormier . regions of the south, where, even if she had;live3,.Iinnst _speedily have starved; for victuals-nil ii perished of cold. Hope lives like a spark amid the very blackest embers of despondency. Twenty, minutes before I had awakened from a son' of swoon and was overwhelmed wiA misery ; . and now here was I taking a oolloctod view of riiy situation, even to Ae extent of being willing to believe that- on tiic whole it was perhaps as wbll Aat T should have been hindered from putting to sea in iny little 'egg shell. So at cray stop w«i rebel at "the shadowy conducting of the hand of God; yet from every, stage we arrive, at we look hack and know the road we. have .travelled to be Ae right one, though we start . afresh mutinously. Ixati, what pafienoe hast Tbon ! _ I turned my hack upon Ae clamorous ocean and started to asoena Ac slope onoe more. When I reached the brow of the cliff I observed thai .the clonds had lost- Aeir fieeciness and taken a slntish tinge, were moving fast and crowding "rip Ae sky, inso- . mnch thatAe mm was leaping from one edge ' to iinaAer .and -darting a keen ana frosty light npon_Ae suens. Xhe wind was bitterly cold, and screamed shrilly In my' oars when I met . Ae full tide of it. The change was sudden, ! , bat it. did not snrpnseme. I knew Aese seas, -and that our Tiiglish April is not more i capricious than' the weaAer.ih Aoai, only : Aat. here Ae sunny smile, Aongh sparkling, Is frostier than Ae lass -of deaA, and brief as Ac flight of a rimsket-ball, whilst the frowns, are black, savage arid lasting. I-bore Ae dead man's cloak on my arm and helped myself along wiA the oar, and presently arrived at Ae bririk of the slope in whose hollow lay Ae ship a? in a cup. The wind made a noisy howling in her rigging, bnt Ae t-seVlivg v&i; frozen so iron hard Aat not a rope stirred, and Ae vane at Ae mast head was as motaaclaai a any of Ae adjacent steeples or pillars of ioe. My hoart was dis mayed again bv Ae figure of Ae man. He was more dreadfnl Aan Ae other because of Ae size to which Ao frozen snow npon his head, trunk and limbs bad swelled him ; and Ae half -rise of hi face was particularly startling, as if he were in Ae act of running his gaze softly upwards. That he should have died in that, easy leaning posture was strange : however, I supposed, and no donbt. rightly, that he bad been seized wiA a sudden fatntness, and had leaned npon Ac rail and so expired. The (old would quickly make him rigid and likewise preserve him, and Aus he might have been loaning, con templating Ac ioe of Ae cliffs, for' years and yaarr"i"": - -' A wild and dreadful Aing Sot one in my condition to light on and be forced to think of ! My hoart, as I have said, sank in me again at the sight of him, and fear and awe and superstition so worked npon my spirits Aat I stood irresolute, and would have gone back had Aere been any place to return to. I plucked np after a little, and, rolling np Ae cloak into a oompaot bundle, flung it. wiA all my strength to Ae vessel, and it loll cleverly just, witlun the rail. Then gripping Ae oar I started on Ae descent. ; ! ' The depA was not great nor the declivity sharp ; but Ae surface was formed of blocks of ice, like Ae collections of big stones yon sometimes encounter on Ae sides of monntains near Ae base; and I bad again and again to ' fetch a compare eo a to gain a smaller block down which to drop, till I was close to Ac vessel, and here the snow had piled , and frozen, into a smooA faoc, . The ship lay wiA a list or inclination to larboard. I "had come down to her on her starboard ride. She bad small channels with long plates, but her bat, on my ride, , hove Aem somewhat high, bevond my roach, nnd I perceived; Aat to grtakoord I must seek an entrance on Ae larboard hand. This was not hard to arrive at ; indeed, I had bat to walk round her, under her bows. She was so coated wi A hard snow I could see nothing of her timbers, and .wm Aerators unable to guess at the condition of her hnlL She had a most absurd swelling hflge, and her buttocks, viewal a n a hue wiA her redder, doubtieos presented" the exact appearance of an apple. She war Hunk in 6now to some planks above Ae- garboord-strcak, but her lines 'forward ware fine, making ' her almost wedge-shaped, Aongh Ae flair of her borws wre eo that she swelled np | like a balloon to Ae caAeads. She had some thing of the look of Ae barca-longerB of half a century ago—A at is, half a century ago from Ae date of my adventure — bnt Aat which in sober truth a man would hare taken her to be war a vessel farmed of Enow, sparred and riggod wiA glass-like frosted ioe, the artistic caprice of the genius or spirit of Ais white and melancholy scene, who, to complete Ae mocking illusion, had fashioned Ae figure of a man to stand on deck, wiA a human faoe toughened into an idle eternal contemplation. un the larboard band tno ice pressed close against Ae vessel's ride, some pieces rising to Ac height of her wash-streak. Tho face of the hollow was precipitous here, full' of oraeks and flaws and shlup projections. In deed, hod Ae braedA of Ac island been as it was at Ae extremity I might have counted npon the . first, violent commotion of Ae sea snapping this part of the ioe, and converting Ae northern part of Ae body into a separate berg. I climbed wiAout diflSculty into Ae fore- chains, the mow bring so hud Aat my feet and hands made not tho least impression on it, and v mrwiiat warily — feeing tils givern- mont of a peculiar awe, mounting mto a sort of terror indeed — stood awhile peering over Ae rail of Ae bulwarks; Aen entered Ae ship. I ran mv eyes swiftly here and Acre, tor indeed I did not know what might steal, or leap into view. Let it be remembered that I was a aaflor, wiA. the superstitions freKngs of my ""Utog in mc, and Aongh I dq upt know that I actually-believed in ghosts' and apparitions and spectrema, yet I frit as if I did ; particulariy npon the deck of this silent 6hip, rendered ejnrit-likd by Ae grave of ioe in -which Ae lay and by Ae kmg years (as I oould not doubt) during which Ae had Aus rested. Hence, when I Appod off the bulwark on to Ae deck and viewed Ae ghastly, white, lonely soene, I felt tor 'the moment as if Ais strange disoovery of mine ' was not to be'cxhaustou of ita wonders and temira by the mere existence of Ao Aip — in oAer woros, Aat I must expect sometlung of Ae. supernatural to enter into Ais icy sepulchre, and. he prepared for sights more marvellous ; and terrifying Asn frozen OOrpMS. \- fio l stood looking forwanl and aft yiery swiftly, and in way I daresay that a spec; tator would hava Aooght laughable enough ; i mor wte ntyjimaginntinn siiqA.ed.ln-lhenlear, "hniping, ringing sounds iifihe wind smiliiug; Arongh the frozen rigging whore tlie masts rose aliove -Ac Aelter of the sides of Ae hollow, Tres'intlv, 'getting Ae Isittor of my per turbation, T wnlked aft, and, stepping" on the poop-deck, toll to nn exajtuimtinu of theoom- panion or covoring af Ae nficr-hutch, -which, ns I have elsewhere said, was covered iviA ; snow. - TO St COSTIKPr.il.) 