Chapter VII. — A Talk in the Torret Chamber. 'Wer? Icfa? Ich, does mannes BDd, In meinemreinen Busen tragen ! Dies Herz, yon Himmelsglanz erfullt, Darf einer ird'schen Liebe schalgen V —Jungfrau m-« Orleans. Next morning found them all in better minds, as became the.day. The elements likewise had exhausted their angry feelings. All was bright and peaceful. Or. Macleay conducted divine service in a small church within a mile of the castle, the relieving a sick brother of his Sabbath duties being tbe primaryjobject of his visit there. He had been unable to come the week before, and hence Pauline's walk and its consequences. ' Pau;ie, do you net think it was a little, a very little too long?' ' No, Elsie, I was surprised when it was over.' ' So was I, for I thought it would never be over. But I should not say so to any one but you.' ' She was nestling her bead down in her cousin's lap. over which the golden hair, unbound, fell -like a veil. The two had retired to the turret-chamber, had settled themselves within the little recess, and, I grieve to add, had bolted the door against poor Tom, who was hovering somewhere in the vicinity. ? * It was a beautiful sermon,' said Pauline. ' Yes, I daresay. Mamma is always in such spirits when Uncle Macleay is going to preach. I had not a word against the sermon, Pauline ; only I thought it might have been said in a little less time. You have not such long sermons in England ?' ' Our service is' longer, much longer. On the whole, they come to the same in the end.' 'To tell you the truth, it was Tom I felt for. He kept changing .his arm about, and fidgeting with his rose, and it put me out . so, that I grew as bad as he. Then I did wish Uncle Macleay would have -left tbe words tourthly and. fifthly ; it would net have called one's attention to its being such .a length if he had said all he had to say, without marking the intervals so emphatically.' Paulie laughed. Pauline, I always think you are so good about our church.' ' Don't you know that I am a Calyinist by descent ?' ' And I am a Lutheran by inclination. Your churches, or better still, your cathedrals, I^do delight in them ! I wauld never go to a Presbyterian church again if I conld get to one of these. Does this one of ours not strike you as horrible when you first come ? Does it not, Paulie ?' ' The music is rude, certainly,' replied her cousin ; ' and the building — well, the less said about it the better. But the people and the preacher ? Elsie, do you ever think what a noble life your uncle leads? When he was talking iast*nigbt, telling us those strange wild tales of what he has actually himself gone through, has known, and seen with his own eyes, he seems to me to turn into one of the heroes of the first Church, ' full of faith, and power, and the holy Ghost,' going from place to place teaching and preaching, in spite of every kind of danger and hardship. How lightly the things of this world seem to sit upon him! He is not ignorant; he knows and is interested in all that is going on, far more than any of us are — but he choses not to mix ia it. And such abilities, such energies, as he expends upon these simple people ! I never heard the Word of God explained with greater care, greater pains than we had it to-day. The language was so well chosen ? ' ' Paulie, you are quite enthusiastic.' ' Yes, I am ; I felt stirred. It did one good to be there.' ' I am glad he came when you were with ?us.' j ' And the people, how attentive they were ! And what long distances they had come !' con tinued Pauline — the romantic, as well as the devotional side of whose character had been touched. ' Did you notice how they sat almost motionless from first to las}, as if they would not lose a word if they could help it ? I could not keep from thinking of the ' two or three' gathered together, for, after all, we were so few ; but I do believe, Elsie, He was in the midst of us.' 'Then only Tom and I were naughty,' said Elsie, ruefully. ',I saw how you were listening ; and when 'he stopped, if your eyes had not been so firmly fixed upon him, I should have thought you had been asleep, you started up so.' ' Asleep, dear ?' ' I know you were not, of course. You sat like a statue from beginning to end. You are a very good Pauline.' 'Elsie!' Pauline was actually blushing. ' I am ashamed to tell you, but — but — I was not attending at that moment. I don't know how it .'was,; bat- just then my thoughts had wandered, and the end did take me by surprise. I was thinking — for I ought to tell you the truth — whether the sea-air would take the colour out of my lilac hat it I were to wear it when we go in the yacht !*' ' Then you are the best Pauline that ever was, to come and confess it ! And I love yon twenty hundred thousand times better for that, than if you could repeat the sermon word for word from beginning to end.' ' I don't know wboit was,' pleaded Pauline. ' Never mind how it was ; you looked so good, so perfect, sitting there, in that pretty white lily bonnet j and then to think ? But, Paulie^ I don't mind telling you pow, — I did not listen at all ! I hardly heard £ single word, I was so restless; a.id I conld n-*t help think ing of other things all the time. ' Indeed, I did usually attend to Uncle Macleay, and never found his sermons long before.' 'You were thinking?'' said her cousin slowly. ? 'Yes, about all sorts of things. Paulie, how strange this last week has been I We seem to have been quite in a world of our own, don't we ? Isn't it odd, when one comes to remember that it was only this'day week you first met Mr. Blundell?' ? ? ] ; ' Elsie, I want to say a word to you — about Mr. Blnndell.' ' What about him ?' a quick movement, a sudden alertness of reply. ' Yon see we have only Tom's word to depend upon for all, we know, of- him. : Acd you know what Tom's word is. ! I daresay he may bi qnite correct on some points — indeed Mr. Blundell has let us know that of his own accord ; but. Tom contradicts himself so, as to others, that it is impossible to trust him.'' ; ,' I should think it was.' ? - | * '©r. Macleay let 'drop a 'hint of this kind [to-day. Not in the least as If it concerned any jot us ; he only Suggested in a general way that-young men were not the best judges of each other, and let me see whom he was thinking about. I could hardly tell ho wit was done, but somehow it startled me to find how completely we are in the dark as to what he is, though we may know what he has. So I thought I would just remind you, Elsie,' '* But why me ?' ' I was afraid that perhaps you might have been — tJiinVirtg — about him, dear.' 'Who? I? I think!' exclaimed Elsie, in unfeigned astonishment. ' What can you mean, Pauline ? It is you, not I ? ' (TO BE CONTINUED.) ' 