NTetos. . The Duke of Newcastle, it is said, intends to give anew altar cross for St. Paul's Cathedral at a cost of £600. CiPT. and Mrs. Irvine are passengers by the Austral ind for Singapore. Capt. Irvine will \- take charge of the steamer on her return trip. No newB has come in from Berrin daring the ' past week. The stone which Mr. James Carson "brought in about a fortnight ago from that place has been forwarded on to Melbourne for assay. . 'The Bev. P. C, Thomas, Chairman of the Wes- leyan Western Australian District will arrive in "Geraldton by the next steamer on a tour of inspection through the Geraldton circuit. Special . services will be held during his stay in the district. "William Janes, who was charged at the police court at Geraldton on Wednesday last with the larceny of a box of cigars and a quantity of tobacco, and on a second charge of hating the goods mentioned unlawfully in his possession, was acquitted on the first charge, but found guilty on the second and sentenced to three months' imprisonment. The Daily News of the 6th inst., says : — " We ' learn that Mr. Payne is about to leave Perth for the Geraldton district, to inspect some copper < lodes, specimens of which were brought in some time ago, and also to examine a seam of lignite, ' whichi is said to be situated in the vicinity of the copper lode-, and which he considers, from > the description he has had, can be utilscd for smelting purposes. Tnis lode is, we understand, on. the concession set apart for the Midland Railway." " A" very bright and attractive, programme has been arranged by the Geraldton Musical Union for their musical evening on Thurs day week next, including some sparkling ' choruses and choice solos from Gilbert and Sullivan's comic operas and some gems from that charming production Vincent Wallace's Ma ri tana. The next public entertainment of the session will comprise a comic operetta and a capital farce entitled ' Dearest Mama.' The timely rains which have fallen during the past week have been the salvation of much of the Greenough and Dongarra crops. Large fields of corn were everywhere looking as if they would never reach the ear stage but these rains have revived the ctops everywhere wonderful ly, and it is quite possible that we shall have an average season after all. War. Taylor, who had a preliminary hearing at the Geraldton Police Court on Wednesday last on a charge of attempting to murder P.C. Vin cent was committed to take his trial at the next Quarter Sessions to be held in Geraldton. Mb. John Gilmore, the man who met with . the serious accident whilst driving into town one day last week, is progressing as favorably as can be expected under the circumstances. One of his legs is broken in two places and the other is al30 badly broken in one place. Gilmore was hot riding on the shafts when the accident happened. It appears the team he was driving was following another one down Power's Hill and his horses being fresh he had a difficulty in keeping them back behind the dray which was in front. While tiying to hold the shatter back Gilmore was knocked down, and was ran over before he had time to pick -himself np again. At an early date Mr. Silvesterintends producing at the Masonic Hall, Geraldton, the Christmas Bells introducing the famous ghost illusion. The Christmas Bells is by Garnet Walsh and adopt ed by him from Charles Dicken's pathetic story ' A Christmas Card." Daring the same evening Mr. T. Bellair will render the Burgo master's Dream, a tragedy never before pro duced in Western Australia, with scenic effects. An explanation of the above and the introduct- tory lecture connected with the piece will appear in our next issue. A dramatic programme such as we are here promised should in Geraldton se cure a good house. We might mention that Henry Irving has made the "Burgomaster's Dream," a great feature in dialogue entertain ments, and rendered the piece famous. It is, we understand, one of the best gems in Mr. Bellair's repertoire. Mb. and Mis. Bethel are passengers by the Aus- tralind for Singapore and are returning by that route to England after »n extended tour in the Australian colonies. Mr. Bethel has laid himself out to gain a thorough knowledge of Australia, having visited every port of the slightest conse quence on the vast sea board of this continent and has also travelled to the end of every sys tem of railways in Australia. It is not mere idle cariosity which has prompted all this but a desire tolearn all that was possible to learn in the time of the resources and capabilities of this glorious heritage of ours in the southern seas. Mr. Bethel is not the man to travel with his eyes closed or without a purpose, as many Englishmen practically do who visit Australian shores, and we have reason to hope that good re sults will follow upon the short sojourn in the colonies of a man whose position in business in the old country will ensure his being listened to by commercial men and who will be likely to create sound opinions as to the financial condi tions of the various colonies. On Thursday evening last a public tea- meeting was held at the Oddfellows' Hall under the auspices of the Advance Lodge of Good Tem plars. The room was crowded to excess, in feet re- lays had to be made in order to accommodate all the ticket-holders. ' Mr. James Pager veteran teetotaler was in the chair, and af ter ten speeches were made by the leading members of the lodge on the subject of Temperance, sonirs were contributed by the musical members while others entertained the meeting with readings and recitations. We should not omit to mention that several membsrs of the Juvenile Branch of the Order also contributed to the evening's programme. Mrs. McCann was the caterer on the occasion and (deserves much credit for the ample provision made for the refreshment of the inner man and for the way in which the room was (tastefully decorated with flowers of all kinds. Fbom one of our intercolonial exchanges we glean the following particulars concerning a Chinese swindling expedient : — Messrs. Kwong Sing Wing, Hip Pang Tie, Sew Hory, and Kim Toon Lee, residents of Dunedin (N.Z.), have had the Celestial stuffing knocked out of them in one round by the editor of the " Otago Daily Times." A paragraph appeared in that paper accusing the local heathen of circulating a large number of sovereigns which were found to have their raised edges -.rubbed off, n o hes cut in them, and to be otherwise injured. There upon the above-named quartette penned a dignified disclaimer on behalf of their country men, and asked the editor to give his. reasons for stating that Chinamen were the guilty- parties ; to which the editor replied, " We are informed by a bank authority that a Chinamen, who has not been indentified, went to one of the banks recently and exchanged a number of sovereigns for bank notes, and the coin was afterwards found to be chipped and injured. The same notes were paid into another bank the same day and the value withdrawn in gold." The Home News , of July 20th. says the strike of the girls employed in the manufacture of Bryant and May's well-known safety matches has at last terminated to the satisfaction of all parties. The directors of the Company have, made ample concessions on all the points deemed grievances by the workers, which the latter have accepted.. That it was wise or prudent for the employers of labor t» resist these demands may be doubted. Their justice was proved by the ultimate concessions made. The match girls have endured many hardships as regards fines, reductions, and the obligation to eat meals in the atmosphere vitiated by the sickening materials at which they worked. They were also forbidden to organise them selves into a trade onion which would defend their interests. All these were reasonable causes of complaint, andthe remedy should hare been applied before recourse was had to agita tion. It is a dangerous precedent to refuse justice to the laboring classes, and only serves to accentuate the differences between the employers and the employed which are such a fruitful theme for the socialistic demagogue. The Bryant and May Company is one of the most prosperous of " going concerns," paying enormous dividends, and it could well have afforded to act in a more enlightened and liberal spirit. Mb. G. Shenton, M.L.C., and Mayor of Perth, W.A., who, says the Adelaide Christian Week ly, is en route for Melbourne, during his stay in Adelaide Interviewed the President of the Wesleyan Conference, to whom he gave several items of news which will be of interest to our readers. Progress is reported in church build ings. R-cently a new church has been opened at York. The foundation-stone of another was laid on "Wednesday at Fremantle. The par sonage at Perth, just erected, is one of the most commodious houses in that colony. No' married minist- r in full connexion receives less than £250 per annum and all fees. Jf the spiritual work is equally satisfactory and pro gressive our brethren in the land of Goshen (!) are to be congratulated. 'The Rev. E. Holiday, who has, we regret to learn, lost the sight from one eye, is forbidden By his medical adviser to study, to preserve the sight of the other eye. Mr. Shenton thinks two or three ministers will be required from South Austr-a lia for their district next Conference. Mr. and Mrs. Shenton left on Thursday afternoon by the express. They purpose spending a few days in Adelaide on their return journey. On Wednesday night last Dr. King, who has for several years past practised his profession at the Greenough, died at the Golden Sheaf Hotel. The doctor up till Monday last was in his usual state of health, which for some time had not been of the best ; on that morning, however, he was seized by a fit which was followed at intervals by others of more or less violence up till the following Wednesday. Dr. Boyes attended his professional brother during his brief illness, and did all that lay in his power to bring about the poor old doctor's recovery, and Mrs. Maley and others of the family as well as Mr. M. H. Lowe, who is living on the Green ough kindly attended to him. Dr. King, not withstanding his "strong weakness," made many friends in the Greenough district, and feeble has he had been of late he was always ready to undertake any journey, however long or tedious, to administer to the needs of sufferers, and there are many in the district who will have cause to miss him. We are afraid that the doctor's death will settle a large number of bad debts, as it is well-known that, for the most part of the work he has done, and the medicine he supplied he was never paid. The funeral which took place on Thurday last was numerously attended. Father Long per forming the ceremony at the interment of the body in the Roman Catholic cemetery. A case was heard at the Geraldton Police Court yesterday before Mr. Maitland Brown, the G-overument Resident, in which Mr. F- H. Husband figured as the complainant, Mrs. Hosken of the Club Hotel being the defendant. It appears that on Monday last Mr. Husband was arrested at Fremantle on a warrant issued from Geraldton at the instance of Mrs. Hosken under the " Absconding Debtor's Act." Mr. Husband was, however, discharged from cus tody on being brought before a justice of the Peace of Fremantle, and convincing him that he had no intention of absconding. He returned to Geraldton by the Australind on Wednesday last, and immediately brought an action against Mrs. Hosken for an oppressive use of the Ab sconding Debtors' Act. Mr. Barratt instructed by Mr. Farrelly appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. du Boulay conducted the case for the de fendant. The former tried to prove from con versations which Mr. Husband had with his friends and others, and from the fact of his baying a return ticket that there was no rea sonable grounds for supposing that he was about about to leave the colony. The otherside brought witnesses to prove that Mr. Husband did not go on board the steamer nntil about two o'clock a.m. on Sunday morning, that he bought his ticket on board ; that he made con- tiadictory statements as to his immediate fu ture intentions, that although he said he had money of his own he had not paid a penny for his board and lodging for the whole time he was at the hotel, and this despite the feet of his being more than once requested to settle up. The case which occupied the greater part of the day was ultimately dismissed with costs, the magistrate's decision being received with very general remarks of approval. 