THE FATAL THREE; A NOVEL. BT M. E. BR4DD0N. Author of "Lady Audley*e Secret," "Vixen," •' Ishmael," " Like and (Tnlike," Ac., Ac. CHAPTER XIV. LIFTING THE CtJ&TAIN.; The chanty concert afforded Caesar Cas tellani juBt the necessary exonse for going to Enderby Manor Honae aa often aa he liked, and for ataying there aa long aa he liked. He waB now on a familiar footing. He drove or rode over from Riverdale nearly every day in the three weeka that intervened between Mr, Cancellor'a sermon and the afternoon concert. He made himself the ourate'a right band in all the details of the entertainment. He choBe the music, he wrote the programme, he sent it to hie favourite printer to be printed in antique type upon ribbed paper, a perfect gem in the way of a programme. He scoured the country round in quest of amateur talent, and was much more successful than the curate had been in the Bame kind of queat. " I'm astounded at your persuading Lady Millborough to.uhow in the daylight," said Mr. Kollineon laughing. "You must have exerciaed the tongue of the Berpent to over come her objection to the glare of the after noon sun." "Estate prudtntes sicvli strpentes," said Castbllani. " There's a fine old ecclesiaBtio's motto for you. I know Lady Millborough rather dreads the effect of sunlight upon her Havre Bernhardt. She told me that she was never equal to singing in the afternoon—the glare of the sun always gave her a headache. But 1 assured her in the first place that there should be no sun-glare—that as an artist £ abhorred a crude, white light—and that it should be my business to see that our concert room waB lighted upon purely artistic prin ciples. We would have the dim religious light which painters and poets love ; and in the second place, I assured her that she had as fine a contralto aa Madame Alboni, on whose knees 1 had often sat aB a child, and who gave me the emerald pin I was wearing." " My hat, what a man you are!" exclaimed Rollineon. " But do you mean to say we are to give our concert in the dark ?" " We will not have the afternoon sunshine blinding half our audience. We will have the auditorium in a cool twilight, and we will have lamplight on our platform—just that mellow and flattering light in which elderly women look yuung, and young women angelic." " We'll leave everything to you," cried the curate. " I think we ougbt to leave him free scope ; ought we not, Mrs. Greswold!" Mildred assented. Pamela was enthu siastic. This concert was to be one of the events of her life. Castellani had discovered that she possessed a charming mezzo-soprano. She was to sing a duet with him. Oh! what rapture, a duet of his own composition, all about roses and love and death. 'Twere sweet to die as the roses die, Ii I had but lived for thee; Yes, a Ute as long as the nightingale's song Were enough for my heart and me. The words and the voices were interwoven in a melodious web; tenor and soprano en twined together—always beginning again like the phrases in an anthem. The preparation of this one duet alone obliged Mr. CaBtellani to be nearly every day at Enderby. A musician generally has in exhaustible patience in teaching his own music. Castellani hammered at every bar and every note with Pamela. He did not hesitate at unpleasant truths. She had received the most expensive instruction from a well known singing master, and according to CaB tellani everything she had been taught was wrong. " If you had been left alone to sing as the birds sing von would be ever so much better off," he said; " the man has murdered a very fine organ. If I had had the teaching of you you would have sung as well as Trebelli by this time." _ Pamela thrilled at the thought. Oh, to sing like some great singer—to be able to soar sky ward on the wingB of music—to sing as he sang. She had known him a fortnight by tbiB time, and was deeply in love with him. In moments of confidence by the piano he called ber Pamela, treating her almost as if she were a child; yet with a touoh of gallantry always—an air that said—" Ton are beautiful, dear child, and yon know it—bat I have lived my life," Before Mrs. Urea wold he was more formal, ad called her Miss Raneome. All barriers were down now between River dale and the Manor, Mrs. Billeradon was going to make an extra large house-party on pnrpoBe to patronize the concert. It was to be on_ the 7th of September. The partridge shooting would be in fall Bwing, and the shooters assembled. Mrs. Greswold had been to tea at Riverdale. There seemed to no help for it, and George Greawold was ap parently indifferent. " My dearest, yonr parity of mind will be in no danger from Mrs. flilleradon—even were she still Lonise Lorraine, she could not harm you—and yon know I am not given to consider the qtion dira't' oc in such a case. Let her come here by all means, so long as she is not obnoxione to yon." "She is far from that. I think she has the most delightful manners of any woman i ever met. "So, no donbt, had Circe; yet ehe changed men into swine." " Mr, Cancellor would not believe in her if she were not a good woman." " I Bhonld set a higher valne on Mr. Can celler's opinion if he were more of a man of the world and leBs of a bigot. See what non sense he talked about the Deceased Wife's Sister Bill." " Nonsense ! Oh, George, if you knew how it dietresBed me to hear you take the other side—the unchristian side." "I can find no word of Christ'e against such marriages, and the Chnroh of old was always ready with a dispensation for any such union, if it was made worth the Church's while to be indulgent. You are Canoellor's pupil, Mildred, and I cannot wonder if he has made you something of a bigot." " He is the noblest and most unselfish of 11 admit bis nnseltisbness—the purity of his intentions—the tenderness of his heart— bnt I deny his nobility. Eoclesiastio narrow mindedness spoils a charaoter that might have been perfect had it been less bound and hampered by tradition. Cancellor is a oouple of centuries behind the time. His Churon is the Church of Laud." ' I thought you admired and loved him, George," said Mildred regretfully. " I admire bis good qualities; I love him for bis thoroughness; but our oreeda are wide apart. I cannot even pretend to think as he thinks." This confession increased Mildred's sad ness. She would have bad her husband think BBabe thought, believe as she believed, in all spiritual things. The beloved child they had lost was waiting for them in heaven; and she would fain that they should both tread the same path to that better world where there would be no more tears, no more death—where day and night would be alike in the light of the great throne. She shuddered at the thonghtof an; diffe rence of creed on her husband's part, sbnddered at that beginning of divergence which might end in infidelity. She had been educated by Clement Cancellor, and she thought as he thought. It seemed to her that she was surrounded by an atmosphere of doubt. In the books she read, among the more cultivated people whom she met, she found the same tendency to speculative in fidelity! pessimism, Darwinism, sociology, Pantheism, anything bnt Christian belief. The nearest approaoh to religious feeling seemed to be fonnd in the theosophists, with their last fashionable Oriental improvements upon the teaching of Chriat. Clement Cancellor bad trained her in the belief that there was one Churoh, one oreed, one sovereign xnle of life, outside of which determinate boundary line lay the dominion of Satan. And now, Beeing her husband's variance with her pastor upon this minor point of the marriage law, sue began to ask herself whether those two might not stand as widely apart upon graver qneetionB— whether George Greswold might not be one of those half-hearted Christians who attend their parish Church and keep Sunday stored because it is well to set a good example to their neighbour! and dependents, while their own faith is a vanishing quantity, a memory of youthful beliefs, the fading reflection of a sun that has snnk below the horizon. She had discovered her hnsband capable of a suppression of truth that was almost as bad as falsehood, and now, having begun to doubt his conscientiousness, it was not unnatural that she should begin to doubt his religious feeling. "Had he been as deeply religious as I thought him he would not have so deceived me," ehe told henelf, still brooding upon that mystery oi Mb first marriage. CaBtellani's presence in the house was a continual Bource of irritation to her. It tor tured her to think that he knew more of her huBband'B p&Bt; life than wae known to herself. She longed to question him, yet refrained, feeling that there would be unspeakable meanness, treachery against her husband even, in obtaining any information on that past life except from his own lips. He had chosen to keep silence, he who could so easily have explained all things, and it waB her duty to snbmit. She tried to be interested in the oonoert, which involved a good deal of work for her self, as she was to play all the accompani ments, the piano part in a concertante duet by De Beriot with an amateur violin player, and a polacca by a modern classic by way of overture. There were rehearsals nearly every day, with much talk and tea-drinking. Enderby seemed given over to bustle and gaiety—that grave old house whioh to her mind ought to have been silent as a sepulchre, now that Lola's voice could sound there never more. " People mast think I am forgetting her," she said to herself with a sigh, when half a dozen carriages had driven away from the door after two honrs of bustle and confusion, much discuerion as to the choice of songs, and the arrangement of the programme, which everybody wanted different. "Icannot possibly sing 'The Three Fishers' after Mr. Scobell's * Wanderer,'" protested Lady Millborongh. "It would never do bo have two dismal songs in succession." Yet when it was proposed that her Lady ship's song should succeed Mr. Rollinson's admirable rendering of George Grossmith's "He was such a Careful Man, she distinctly refused to sing immediately after a comic song. "I am not going to take the taste of Mr. Bollinson's vulgarity ontof people's mouths," she told Mildred in an audible aside. To these God-gifted vocalists the accotn panyist was as an inferior being, a person with a mere mechanioal gift of playing any thing set before her with taste and style. They treated her &b; if she had been machine. "If yon wouldn't mind going over this duet just once more I think we should feel more comfortable in it," said one of the two Miss Tadcastere, who were to take the roof off, metaphorically, in the "Gidrno d'Orrore.* Mildred toiled with unwavering good natnre, and suppressed her shudders at many a false note, and cast oil on the waters when the singers were inclined to quarrel She was glad of the drudgery that kept her fingers and her mind occupied ; she was glad 01 any distraction that changed the current of her thonghta. It was the day before the concert. Cdsar Caetellani had established himself as I'ami de la tnaison, a person who had the right to come in and oat as he liked, whose coming and going made no difference to the master of the house. Had George Greswold's mind been Icbb abstracted from the business of every day life be might have seen danger to Pamela Bansome'e peaoe of mind in the frequent presence of the Italian, and he might have considered it his duty, as the young lady's kinsman, to have restricted Mr. Castellani's privileges. But the blow which had crashed George Greswold's heart a little more than a year ago had left him in some wise a broken man. He had lost all interest in the common joye and occupations of every-aay life. His days were spent for the most part in long walke or rideB in the loneliest places he could find; his only evening amusement waB found in books, and those books of a kind whioh engrossed his attention and took him out of himself. His wife's companionship was always precious to him ; but their intercourse had lost all the old gaiety and much of the old familiarity. There was an indefinable something which held them BBunder even when they were sitting in the same room, or Eacing side by side, juBt as of old, upon the twn in front of the drawing-room, or idling in their summer parlour in the. shade of the cedars. AgBin and again in the last three weeks some question about the post had trembled upon Mildred's lips as she sat at work by the piano where Castellani played in dreamy idleneBB, wandering from one master to another, or extemporizing after his own capricious fancies. Again and again she had struggled againBt the temptation and had conquered, No, she would not stoop to a meanness, She would not be diBloyal to her husband by so much as one idle question. To-day Castellani was in high spirits, proud of to-morrow's anticipated suooess, in whioh his own exertions would count for mnoh. He sat at the piano in leisure hour after tea. All the performera had gone after the final adjustment of every detail. Mildred sat idle with her head resting against the cushion of a high-backed arm-chair, exhausted by the afternoon's labours. Pamela stood by the piano watching and listening delightedly as Castellani improvised. " I will give you my musical transoript of St. Partridge Day," he said, smiling down at the notes as he played a lively melody with little rippling runs in the treble, and orisp staocatto chords in the bass. "This is morning, and all the shooters are on tiptoe with delight—a misty morning," gliding into a dreamy legato mo vement as he.spoke. " You can scarcely see the hills yonder, and the sun is not yet up. See there he leaps above that eastern ridge, and all is brightness," changing to brilliant arpeggios up and down the piano. "Hark, there is ohanticleer. How shrill he pealB in the morning air. The dogs are leaving the kennel—and now the gates are open, dogs and men are in the road. You can hear the steady tramp of the clumsy shooting boots—your (dreadful English boots —and the merry muBio of the dogs. Pointers, setters, spaniels, smooth beasts, and curly beaBtB skating the dew from the hedgerows bb they scramble along the banks, flying over the ditcheB—oreatureB of lightning swiftness; yes, even those fat heavy spaniels which seem made to sprawl and snap at flies in the sunshine or snore beside the fire." He talked in brief snatches, playing all the time—playing with the easy brilliancy, the unerring grace of one to whom music is a native tongue—as natural a mode of thought expreBsion as speech itBelf. " I hope 1 don't bore you very muoh," he said presently, looking up at Mildred as she sat white and silent, the fair face and pale fold hair defined against the dark sea-green irocade of the chair cushion. He looked up at her in wondering admira tion aB at a beautiful pictnre. How lovely she was, with a loveliness that grew upon him, and. took possession of hiB fancy and his senses with a strengthening hold day by day. It was a melancholy loveliness, the beauty of a woman whose life had come to a dead stop, in whose breast hope and love were dead—or dormant. " Not dead," he told himself, " only sleep ing. Whose Bhall be the magio touch to awaken the sleeper? Who shall be the Orpheus to bring back so sweet an Eurydioe from the realms of death ?" Such thoughts were in his mind as he sat looking at her, waiting for her anawer, play ing all the while, telling her how fair Bbe wbb in the tenderest variations of an old German air whose every note breathed passionate love. " How sweet," murmured Pamela; " what an exquisite melody," taking some of the Bweetness to herself. "How could such sweetness weary any one with the ghost of an ear. You are not bored by it, are you, aunt ?" " Bored; no, it is delightful," answered Mildred, rousing herself from a reverie. " My thoughts went back to my ohildhood while you were playing. I never knew but one other person who had that gift of improvisa tion, and she used to play to me when 1 was a child. She was almost a child herself, and of course Bhe did not come within a long dis tance of you as a pianist; but she would sit and play to me for an hour in the twilight, inventing new melodieB, or playing recollec tions of old melodies as she went along, describing in music. The old fairy tales are for ever associated with music in my mind, because of those old memories. I believe she was highly gifted in tnuBio." •' Music of a high order is not an nnoommon gift among women of sensitive temperament," said Castellani musingly. " I take it to be only another name for sympathy. The want of musical feeling is want of sympathy. Sbakepeare knew that when he declared the non-musical man to be by nature a villain. I could no more imagine yon without the gift of muBic than I could imagine the stars without the quality of light. Mr. Gres wold's first wife was musical—sb no doubt you know —indeed, highly gifted as a musician." " Tou heard her play—and sing," faltered Mildred, avoiding a direct reply. The sudden mention of her dead rival's name bad quickened the beating of her heart. She bad longed to question urn and had refrained; and now without any aot of her's he had spoken, and Bhe was going to hear something about that woman whose existence was a mystery to her, of whose Christian name even she was ignorant. " Yes, I heard her several times at parties at Mice. She was much admired for her musical talentB, She was not a grand singer, bnt she had been well taught, and she had exquisite taste, and knew exaotly the kind of music that suited her best. She was one of the attractions at the Palais Montano, where one beard only the best muBio." " I think you said the other day that you did not meet her often," Baid Mildred, " My husband could hardly nave forgotten you had you met frequently." "I can soarcely say that we we met fre quently, and our meetings were such as Mr. Greswold wonld not be very likely to remem ber. I am not a remarkable man now ; and I was a very insignificant person fifteen years ego. I was only asked to people's houses because I could sing a little, and because my father had a reputation in the sonth as a composer. I was never introduced to your hueband{ but I was presented to his wife—as a precocious youth with some pretensions to a tenor voice—and I found her very charming —after her own partionlai style." " Was she a beautiful woman!" asked Mil dred. " 1—I—have never talked about her to my husband—she died so young—and"—— " Yes, yes, I understand," Interrupted Cas tellani, as she hesitated. "Of course you would not speak of her. There are thugs that cannot be spoken about. There is alwayB the skeleton in every life—not more in Mr. Oreswold's past than in that of other rople, perhaps, could we know all histories, was wrong to speak of her—her name esoaped me unawares." "Pray, don't apologize," said Mildred, kindling with indignant feeling at something in his tone which hinted at wrongdoing on her husband's part. "There can be no reason why yon Bhould keep Bilence—to me; though any mention of an old sorrow might wound him. I know my husband too well not to know that he must have behaved honourably in every relation of life—before I knew him as well as afterwards. I only asked a very simple question—waB my prede cessor as beautiful as she was gifted? " No. She was charming, piquant, ele fant, spirituelle, but she waB not handsome, think she was conscious of that want of perfeot beauty, and that it made her sensi tive and even bitter. I have heard her say bard things of women who were handsomer than herself. She had a soathing tongue and alcapricious temper, and she was not a favourite with her own sex, though she was very much admired by clever men, I know that as a lad I thought her one of the brightest women I had ever met." " It was sad that she should die so young," said Mildred. She would not for worlds that this man should know the extent of her ignoranoe about the woman who had borne her husband's name. She Bpoke vaguely, hoping that he would take it for granted she knew all. "'Yes," asseDted Castellani, with a sigh, "her death was infinitely ead." He spohe as of an event of more than oommon sadnesB—a calamity that had been in some wiBe more tragical than even un timely death must needs db. Mildred kept silenoe, though her heart aohed with shapelesB forebodings, though it would have been an unspeakable relief to know the worst rather than to feel the op pression of this mystery. Castellani rose to take his leave. He was paler than he had been before the conversa tion began; and he had a troubled air, Pamela looked at him with sympathetic distress. "I am afraid you are dreadfully tired," she said, as they shook hands. "I am never tired—in this house," he answered; and Pamela appropriated the compliment by her vivid blush. Mi dred Greswold shook hands with him mechanically and in silence. She was hardly consoions of his leaving the room. She rose and went out into the garden, while Pamela sat down to the piano and began singing her part in the everlasting duet. She never sang anything else nowadays; it was a perpetual carol of admiration for the author of " Ne penthe." Twere sweet to die as the roses die, If I had but lived for thee; 'Twere sweet to fade as the twilight fades Over the western sea, she warbled, while Mildred paced slowly to and fro in front of the cedars, brooding over every word Castellani had spoken about her husband's first wife. " Her death was infinitely sad," Why infinitely! The significance of the word troubled her. It conjured up all manner of possibilities. Wby infinitely sad? All death is ead, the death of the young espe cially so. But to say even of untimely death that it was infinitely sad would Beem to lift it out of the region of humanity's common doom. That qualifying word hinted at a tragical fate rather than a young life out short by any ordinary malady. There had been eomething in Castellani's manner which accentuated the meaning of his words. That troubled look, that deep sigh, that hurried departure, all hinted at a mystery—at a pain ful story which he knew and did not wish to reveal. He had in a manner apologized for speaking of tieorge Greswold'B first wife. There must have been a reason for that. He was not a man to say meaningless things out of gaucherie; not a man to etumble and equivo cate from either sbyneBB or stupidity. He had implied that Mr. GreBwola was not likely to talk about his first marriage—that lie would natuially avoid any allusion to his first wife. Why, naturally? 'Why should he not speak of that past life? Men are not ordi narily reticent upon such subjects. And that a man Bhould suppress the fact of a first marriage altogether^ should falsely describe himself in the marriage register, would sug gest memories so dark as to impel an honour able mau to stoop to a lie rather than face the horror of revelation. She walked np and down that fair stretch of velvet turf upon which her feet had trodden so lightly in the happy years that were gone—gone never to be recalled, as it seemed to her, carrying with them all that she had ever known of domestic peaoe, of wedded blisB. Never again could they two be as they had been. The mystery of the past had risen up between them—like some hooded phantom, a vaguely threatening figure, a hidden face—to hold them apart for evermore. " If he had only trusted me," she thought despairingly, "there is hardly any sin that 1 would not nave forgiven for love of him. Why could he not believe in my love well enough to know that I should judge him leniently—if there had been wrong-doing on hiB side—if—if—" She had puzzled over the hidden past, try ing to penetrate the darkness, imagining the things that might have happened—infidelity on the wile's part—infidelity on the husband's side—another and fatal attaehment taking the place of loyal love. Sin of some kind there must have been, she thought—for such datk memories oould scarcely be sinlesB. But was husband or wife the sinner f " Ber death was infinitely sad." That sentence stood out against the dark background of mystery as if written in fire. That one fact was absolute. George Gres wold's first wife bad died under circum stances of peculiar sadness; so painful that Castellani's countenance grew pale and troubled at the very thought of her death. " I cannot endure it," MUdred cried at last in an agony of doubt. "I will not endure this torture for another day. I will appeal to bim. I will question him. If he valnes my love and my esteem he will answer faith fully. It must be painful for him, painful for me; but it will be far better for ue both in the long inn. Anything will be better than these tortniing fears, these imaginary evils. I am his wife, and I have a right to know the trnth." 1 The dressing gong summoned her back to the honse. Her husband was in the drawing room half-an-honr afterwards, when she went down to dinner. He was still in his jacket and knickerbockers, jost as he had come in from a long ramble. -_^a( " Will von forgive me if I dine with yon In. these olothes, Mildred, and yon, Pamela V to the damsel in white muslin, whom he had jnBt surprised at the piano, still warbling her honeyed strain about death and the rosea: " I came in five minutes ago—dead beat. I have been in the forest, and had a tramp with the deerhonnde over Bramble Hill." " Yon walk too far, George. Yon are look ing dreadfully tired. "I'm sore yon needn't apologize for your dress on my acoonnt," said Pamela. " Henry iB a perfeotdisgraoe half his time. He hates evening clothes, and I sometimes fear he hates soap and water. He can reconoile his conscience to any amount of dirt bo long as he has his cold tub in the morning. He thinkB that justifies anything. 1 have had to - sit next him at dinner when he came straight from rats," couolnded Pamela with a shudder. " But Rosalind is bo foolishly indulgent. She would spoil twenty husbands." " And yon, 1 suppose, would be a martinet o one ?" eaid Greswold, smiling at the girl's animated face. "'It would depend. If I were married to an artist I wonld forgive any negleot of the proprieties. One does not expeot a man of hat kind to be the slave of conventionalities; but a commonplace man like Sir Henry Monntford has nothing to recommend him bnt his horse and tailor." They went to dinner, and Pamela's prattle relieved the gloom which had fallen upon hnsband and wife. George Greswold saw that there were signs of a new trouble in his wife's face. He sat for nearly an hour with the untouched decanters before him, and with Kaasandra's head upon his knee. The. dog always knew when his thoughts were darkest, and wonld not be repulsed at snch. times. She was not obtrusive—she only wanted to let him know there was Borne one in the world who loved him. It was nearly 10 o'clock when be left the. dining-room. He looked in at the drawing room door, and eaw bis wife and his niece sitting at work, silent both. *• 1 am going to the library to write some letters, Mildred," he said; •' don't sit np for me." _ Sbe rose quiokly and went over to him. " Let me have half an bonr's talk with yon first, George," she said, in an earnest voice,. " I want so much to speak to you." " My dearest, I am always at yonr service," he answered quietly, and they went aoross the ball together, to that fine old room whioh. was essentially the domain of the master of the house. It was a large room with three long narrow windows—unaltered from the days of Queen Anne—looking out to the carriage drive in the front of the house. The walls were lined with books, in severely architectural book cases. There was a lofty old marble chimney Siece, richly decorated, and a large knee-hole esk in front of the fireplace, at which Mr. Greswold was wont to sit. There was a. shaded reading lamp ready lighted for him upon this table, and there was no other lamp in the room. By this dim light the sombre colouring of oak bookoaBeB and maroon velvet window curtains deepened to blaok. The spacious room had almost a funereal aspect, like that awful banquetting-hall to whioh. the jocose Momition invited his parasites and straightway frightened them to death. "Well, Mildred, what 1b the matter?" asked Greswold, when his wife had seated herself beside him in front of the massive oak desk at which all the business of his estate had been transacted since he came toHnderby. "There is nothing amiss, love, I hope, to make yon so earnest." "There is something very much amiss,. George," she answered. " Forgive me if I pain you by what I have to say—by the ques tions I am going to ask. I cannot help giving Jon pain, and truly and dearly aB I love vou, cannot go on suffering as 1 have suffered since tbat wretohed Sunday afternoon when I discovered how you had deceived me—you whom I so trusted, so honoured as the most upright among men." " It is a little hard that you should say I deceived you, Mildred. 1 suppressed one fact which had no bearing upon my relations with von." "Yon must have signed your name to a falsehood in the register if you described yourself as a bachelor." "I did not so describe yourself. I con fided tbe faot of my first marriage to your father on the eve of our wed ding. I told him why I had been Bilent—told him that my paBt life had been steeped in bitterness. He was generous enough to accept my confidence and to ask no questions. My bride was too shy and too much troubled by the emotion of the hour to observe what I wiote in the register, or else she might have noted the word ' widower' after my name." "Tbank God you did not sign your name to a lie," said Mildred, with a sigh of relief. "I am sorry my wife of fourteen years should, think me capable of falsehood on the document that sealed my fate with hers." " Oh, George, I know how true you are how true and upright you have been i every word and every aot of your life since we two have been one. It is not in my nature to misjudge you. I cannot think you capable of doing wrong to any one, even under strongest temptation. I cannot believe that fate could set such a snare for you as could entrap yon into one dishonourable act; but I am tortured by the thought of a past life of wbioh I know nothing. Why did you hide your marriage from me when we were lovers? Why are you silent and secret now, when I am your wife, the other half of your self, ready to sympathize with you, to share the burden of dark memories? Trust me, George ; trust me. This secret is rising up between us like a stony barrier. Trust me,, dear love, and let ns be again as we have been —united in every thought." " You do not know what you are asking me, Mildred," said George Greswold, in his deep, grave voice, looking at her with hag gard reproachful eyes. "You cannot measure the torture you are inflicting by this senseless curiosity." "You oannot measure the torture of doubt which I have suffered since I have known that you loved another woman before you loved me—loved her so well that you cannot hear even to speak of that past life whioh you lived with her—regret her bo intensely that now, after fourteen years of wedded life with me, the mere memory of that lost love can plnnge yon .into gloom and despair," sard Mildred passionately. That smothered fire of jealousy which had been emonldering in her breaBt for weeks broke out all at ones in impetuous speech. She no longer oared what she said. Her only thought was that the dead love bad been dearer and nearer than the living» that she had been cozened by a lover whose heart had never been wholly here, never, even in the roseate dawn of her girlhood, nor in the sun light of her early married life. She had been 'duped by her own affections, perhapB, from the very beginning. " 1 thought he muat love me with the name measure that I ioved him," she said to her self. " Y oo are very cruel, Mildred," her husband answered quietly. " You are probing an old wound, and a deep one, to the quick. You degrade yourself more than you degrade me by causeless jealousy and unworthy doubts. Yes, 1 did conceal the fact of my first mar riage—not because I had loved my wife too well—but because 1 had not loved her well enough. I was silent about a period of my life whioh was one of unutterable misery— which it was my duty to myself to forget, if it were possible to forget—which it was a peril to remember. My only ohance of happi ness— or peace of mind—lay io total oblivion of that bitter time. It was only when I loved you that I began to believe forgetfulness was possible to me. I courted oblivion by every means in my power. I told myself that the man who had suffered was a man who had ceased to exist. George fiansome was dead. George Greswold stood on the threshold of a new life, with infinite oapaoities for happi ness. I told myself that 1 might be a beloved and bononred husband—which I had never been; a useful member of sooiety—which I had hot been hitherto. Until that hour all thiugs had been against me. With you for my wife, all things would be in my favonr. For thirteen happy yBars this promise of our marriage morning was fnlly realized; then came my darling'B death; and now comes your estrangement." " I am not estranged, George. It is only my dread of the beginning of estrangement whioh tortureB me. Sinoe that man spoke of your first wife, I have brooded perpetually upon that bidden past. It is weak ana foolish, I know, to have done so, I ought to ' trust unqueBtioningly; but I oannot, George, I cannot. I love you too well to love without jealousy." " Well, let the veil be lifted then, sinoe it must be so. Ask what questions you please, and I will answer them—as best I oan, "You are very good," Bhe faltered, draw ing a little nearer to him, loaning her head Bgainst hie shoulder as she talked to him, and laying her hand on His as it lay before kim on the desk, tightly clenched. " Tell me, dear, were you happy with your first wiief" "I was not. . "Not even in the beginning?" "Hardly in the beginning. It was an ill advised union, entered into npon impulse." " But ehe loved yon very dearly, perhaps." " She loved me—dearly—after her manner of loving." "And you did not love her ?" " It is a cruel thing you force me to say, Mildred. No, I did not love her," . "Had you been married long when she died ?" She felt! a quivering movement in the clenched hand on which her own lay caress ingly, and ehe heard him draw a long and deep breath. "About a year and a half." "Her death was a sad one, I know. Did ehe go out of her mind before she died ?" "No." " Did she leave you—or do you any great wrong?" "No." "Were you false to her, George—Oh, forgive me, forgive me—bnt there must have been something more sad than common sadness, and it might be that some new and fatal love" t " There was no such thing," he answered -sternly. " I was true to my marriage vow. It was not a long trial—only a a year and a half. Even a profligate might keep faith for so short a span." " I see you will not confide in me. I will ask no more questions, George. That kind of catechism will not make us more in sym pathy with each other. I will ask you nothing more—except—just one question—a woman's question. Was your first wife beautiful in your eyes ?" " She was not beautiful, bat she was intel lectual, and she had an interesting coun tenance—a face that attracted me at first sight, It was even more attractive to me than the faces of much handsomer women. But if you would like to know what your fancied rival was like you need not languish in ignorance," he added, with seme touch of scorn. "1 have her photograph in this desk. I have kept it for my days of humiliation, to remind me of what I have been and what I may be again. Would you like to see it 1" " Yee, George, if it will not pain you too much to show it to me." " Do not talk of pain. You have Btirred the waters of Marah so deeply that one more bitter drop cannot signify," he unlocked his desk as he spoke, lifted the lid which was sustained by a movable upright, and groped among the aooumulation of papers and parchments inside. The object for which he was seeking was at the back of the desk, under all the papers. He found it by touch, a morocco case con taining a cabinet photograph. Mildred stood up beside bim, with one hand oa his Bhoulder as he searched. He banded her the case without a word. She opened it in silence and locked at the portrait within. A small, delioately featured face, with large dark eyes—eyes almost too large for the face—a slender throat, thin, sloping shoulders—eyes that looked out of the picture with a strange intensity, a curious alertuess in the countenance as of a woman made up of nerves and emotions, a nature without the element ol repose. Mildred stared at the picture three or four seconds, and then with a choking sound like a strangled sob fell swooning at her husband's feet. End of Book I. 