I OUR NEW YORK LETTER. I I OftOM OUIIOWN COUllliSl'OSUENT.J States rison walls for the next seven years, will abutment from social intercourse witl^Bf-olílyhVbi'íit coloured society, '.!.' P. Bronson Howard, who was known far and wide as the Black Prince Mr. ¡Howard'»-father was not se-fia*odrtnd African, who pinched and save d and twisted through life, who denied himself very enjoyment and comfort, and of or a long life of miserly "saving and misery died i worth 350,0D0dol., which he left to his son, who had been impatiently waiting for years to get a back at the old man's shoots. As soon as he got the money he did not, let the graWgrow under his feet, but started in to amaze the coloured aristocracy of Brooklyn, is it is needless to say that he succeeded Frocks Was his tailor, Kikox, made his hats, his boots and shoes were imported from Paris, and all of his iuuuaoulnto line clear from the same place. He had by fine n. turn-out as you could see in the City of Churches, and a white driver and footman, stood uncovered as he stopped into his carriage His house was gorgeously furnished and all the servants were while. he early 'became a candidate for political rumours, and on account of his open-handed generosity, which seemed to know no bounds, f_o,becaiiio an acknowledged leader among his people. Plenty of white men were found to share his lavish hospitality, and some of his dinners and breakfasts were the talk of the town. 'Hq have d a quiet little game of draw, and always took a flyer on the racecourse. i ,< Years rolled on, and at last the day came when the bills for rich wines, fast horses to , oto , etc., could not be met, and notes given to tailors and boot- makers were presented at the bank shrewd and sharp in everything else, he appeared to have lost all, track of a boy matters. At last he went on bail bond, and being questioned in. regard to his financial standing deliberately perjured himself, and swore he was the owner of property which he had parted will years before. He was tried! this week, convicts-, and sentenced to seven years in State Prison, though 'defended by an able arrayed eminent counsel ; tor with his usual magnificence had employed four of the most costly lawyers in New York. And so in prison and in dire disgrace ends a life that might have been), ranked among' the foremost of this race on this continent. Properly cared for and just ojouslyiusod, his fortune might have been increased to a million, and his influence with his people only bounded by the limits of the Republic. But lack of pain .olplé'hud dissolute companions dragged him down to ruin. He sowed the wind and reaped the whirlwind. 6 '2 6 , "Do you believe in luck !'' IOOF course not. None but superstitious people believe in luck. . This leanoiilightcm d ago we ' live in. In the old on a time, when people were ignorant and foolish, it was all very well to believe in luck but we've got past that now and don't you forgot it !" This was the reply of a very smart man to me last week when I asked him the question indicated above. I was standing on the corner of 'Twenty-third street and Sixth avenue, in front of Levi M. ' Batts' dry goods store, while thousands of dollars worth of costly silks laces, cloths, etc , were going under the auctioneer's hammer. On the opposite corner the Masonic Hall stands, a monu- ment to the energy of the Brethren of the Mystic Tie," Fifty yards from the northwest corner is Koster and Bial's beer garden, where hundreds gather nightly to see O'Connor travesty. Shakespeare. But it is with the first corner named that I have to do now, when I asked if you on lieved in luck. A hundred years ago, when the old post road led out to the village of Blooming Dale, right on this piece of land was a famous old mansion occupied by, a family by the name of Von der Hyde The house was surrounded by well laid out grounds, and back of it was a pleasant orchard reaching far beyond the limits of the present Madison t Square, i It was in the year, 1762, September 12, that a mighty crowd of excited burghers might be seen surrounding the old manor house for early that morning Emeritus Von der Hyde and his wife were found murdered in their bed, and the house had been robbed of silverware and valuables, with which the robbers had escaped. The murder caused a profound sensation, and although the Von der. Hyde property was one of the most desirable on the Island, it was years before any one could be found to occupy it. It was known far and near aBthehaunted house. Late tr.wollorflriding in the wee hours to and from Bl, owing Dale asserted that they heard unseemly noiaeB1;« lights flashed out from the windows of the room where the murder had been committed, and more than one was ready to swear that they had seen old Emeritus Von der Hyde and his' wife looking out of the windows-their garments crimsoned with blood as they were on the night of the murder.. Years rolled on and the old mansion was torn down, for bad luck seemed to pursue it, no matter what business was tried there. Failure after failure followed its About 17 years ago it was purchased by Mr. Edwin Booth, who invested in it all the earnings of his life, and also induced his father-in-law, James McVickar of Chicago, to back him in the venture, and the result was Booth's Theatre, me of the most magnificent temples of the dramas ever erected in New York. Aided by the genuine and experience of Booth Shakespeare mia produced here as it had never before been seen in New York. The beat actors, the best scenery, the most gorgeous costumes, everything that art could find or genius conceive,' conspired for success, but all in vain. The ghost of Emeritus Von der Hyde and his wife walked the stage, and sat in the flies, and flitted among the scenes after the audience had departed and one dayJSdwinBooth marched out of the theatre a ruined man ; his fortune gone, his father-in-law serio isly crippled, and himself a bankrupt, loaded with liabilities to the tune of a hundred thousand' dollars. Then Dion Boucicault took it,' and he went to the wall in a few weeks. Stetson, of Bolton, one of the most successful managers in the United States, tried it and came to grief after sinking a respectable fortune. He withdrew, and no manager had the courage to try it after him. The building was then altered into stores. The corner was thought to be one of the very best in New York; It was opened by a couple of 0x7 . perienced and enterprising men as a dry goods store. All around them and on every side were men who, had built up c losses fortunes in the dry goods business ; but bad luck followed them, from the first and when on the verge of bankruptcy they' (found a 1 purchaser in Levi 1 M7 Bates, formerly of the great Broadway firm of Beed, Bates; and Cooley, a firm which' 'ranked' with Horace B. Carlin and JASSY. Stewart in their palmiest' I days.' The firm dissolved a couple of years ago, and Mr. Bates retired on a million. His credit was unimpeach-' able and his experience unquestioned. 'Idleness did not, agree with him, he bought out the Dim-on the fatal corner of Sixth Avenue and Twenty-third street. The same dark cloud that haunted all the rest followed him, with, the most splendid stock of goods all the city, and the" most' accomplished ' 'salesmen and women', too could not sell engagingly' to pay, hisbxpCnsea. incline' wMks'Wgó'tlio sheriff, stepped in and' closed firm lip, and this. week Everything, went ', under, the piano-, pioneered hammer.. Do you believe in, ghosts 1. No, sir., Are you superstitious? Not a bit of it! Woukiyoiiwalkundera ladder? ..Nptif.I could get around it. Believe in, spirits ? That question savors of ,,Prohibitioiij sir, and I decline to answer. a s.-. i, r: ,.,..".""".I "'J ! "Man's inhumanity to nan, makes countless thousands mourn " That's all very fine, but you don't hear anything about, woman's inhumanity, to woman. Oh, no., You have it all on man. Yet, in Brooklyn, right across the river, lives Mrs., Greenslade,' a very worthy little Englishwoman who follows the vocation' of a barber. Mrs. Greenslade' made' the mistake that lots; of us have made ab picked Out''the"]wrb'ng follow for it. life partner, and did not find. out her mistake, filthy kiwtj"w^.iiW.'.w^ias'tj jjhjitj/ypu,. 1 "in á'u;l'i>.'l till'"-': to-day i-T-..»lev t.;,""; Jr' WM tilling. the;' savings on it i'J'i ion and -Jvuif could not share it with your teeth. Still Mrs Greenslade made the best of her [ bad bargain and tried to earn an honest living She tried keeping boarding house, but the boarders lost her hash and failed 40 pay her She turned dress >. maker; but she ruined the staff and her dresses did not fit Athenaeum despair she at area d a harbor shop, and also pine trees on Greenslade till ave got his band in, and then she took a turn at the general public Her first customer was . gay old boy, who had married a widow with ducats, about 10 years older than himself Mrs Greenslade was rubbing in the lather under his chin and was holding him tenderly by the nose when Mrs Curly walked into the shop to say that fully got out of the chair in a hurry, faintly describes shit followed Mrs Curly tipped the soaks at 247 , Mr Greenslade turned the steely 3rd 1904 , biltsctouco made up the difference in weight, and a razor turned the tide of the battle After that the Women of the lieiDlihoui1iood turned 1 against Mrs Greenslade and eventually they drove her out Her life partner is a era in who imagines himself a prophet, and he now devotes his time to proving that Judas was the most worthy of the Apostles When Belva Lockwood came to Brooklyn to Open her fight, for the Presidency, Greenslade got himself up in a base ball ault full of striped, with a big red heart on his breast and sat right in front of the fair speaker, applauding every word From there he went to the Salvation Army, and he gave them such a di so that he landed in the police station Meanwhile the women have banded against poor little Mrs Greenslade The storm of Saturday night struck us very much in 0 a Western cyclone The display of Celestial fireworks was some thing marvelous For three hours the sky was 1 sheet of flame, and its concentrated fury burst on the works of the United States Electrical Co , destroying a portion of its plant and burying the! city in darkness from the City Hall ( to Fourteenth street Forty of the work men were knocked down and fell from the burning building. The storm raged with great fury for several hours, and left the city as Clean as a new Inn, for v. Inch lightning and all, Providence be thanked Glory Hallelujah I The Italians are going back to the classic land of Cicero and Catallno-0Q0 of them in three weeks, bag and baggage, not much big, and not much baggage, but sufficient for the day, etc They brought a mood of the classic dirt of the classic dirt of Paturmo, Naples, pass, and the Sacred City with them, and it is a happiness to record that, as mony of them ever washed themselves while they, were here, that they carried most of that unsavory filth back to their beloved Italy, where I hope it may enrich their Vineyards and enhance their for times Indeed they were as uncanny a lot as one would desire to see; Hero and there a woman had made a slight effort to appear a little fixed up-one wore a bright handkerchief about her neck, and had on a clean up a , but the men had abandoned themselves to dirt Many of them had been street sweepers, low scavengers and, rag pickers, who sought fortune in the ash barrels and refuse cans Five or six had monkeys which they fondled most affectionately while their children had to look out for them selves There is no romantic nonsense about women with your descendant of Julius Caesar he marries for a helpmeet, and he sees to it that she does her duty As the miserable wretches lay around the wharf waiting to be admitted to the ship, a burly brute who was smoking his pipe wanted a drink of water in oh nus Latin lie called to his wife who was busy with three little children one of them an infant, to go and get him a drink The crying of the infant prevented the poor woman from hearing him, when he do hborately pulled off his shoe and threw it at j her, hitting her on the back of ho bead, and supplementing his command with a choice Latin oath, made the poor woman go up to the end of the wharf with her babe in her arms and bring hiW_a_drink The revelations before the Congress tonal Committee show that these people have been imported here year after year, and paupers, brigands, and all sorts of m famous characters that King Humbert was exceedingly glad to dump down upon his American cousin, On one Samuel Now that the Hegira has begun, let us hope it will continue till Sunny Italy claims all her own, and the ashes of our beloved guests will mingle with those of their forefathers by the banks of the Tiber or under the shadow of Vesuvius " Vale ' Vale ' Vale ' Crispino maledotto cospotto ' I wonder why they bring all their mad linen here! Have we not got enough of your own? All the week his attendants have been struggling with Robert Garrett, once president of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, and it has required the constant attendance of a corps of skilled nurses to protect him from doing fatal injury to himself. Here is a man who stood at the head of one of the mightiest corporations in the land, honoured in the community where he lived, with a fortune that is counted by millions, and here he is at middle age his body a wreck and his 'mind in ruins The city is full of men just like Robert arrest- men who have achieved what the world calls success, but what a price they have paid for it As I look back through the years that are gone two figures loom up before me, Peter Cooper and George Peabody Every day as I ' bass the Cooper Institute, I take off my I put in reverence, for I know that inside) are hundreds of busy workers whom his blessed benevolence has placed on the road to independence Thousands upon thousands have gone forth from this sacred temple to lives of honour and I usefulness daily and nightly blessing the name of Peter Cjopoi, 1 can j son in my mind's eye that little about form, with thin silvery hair and struggling beard, ill fitting clothes, and little of the here about him but as he passed through the crowded streets rude men and women gave way to let him pass, and even the vilest Gamma of the street, defying God and man, let Peter Cooper go by. As he I crossed the busy streets drivers stopped their vehicles to give him the clear high- way It was the reverence and love come polled by goodness which new or flagged 'till death called him No king on his i throne ever received such a willing homage j I stood in front of George Peabody's statue in London's busiest contra. All around me were the marks of the greatest commercial country in the world-and there sat the ,<reat'American in his regal chair to receive the silent blessings of thousands whom he had rescued from abject misery and whose lives he had made a benediction All these rich men who have gone mad, I notice, are those who have piled up their millions and had no time to think of the poor humanity about them. So A, T Stewart died , but Wraps Vanderbilt, profiting by his example, left a, million to biassed charity, and his children have given hundreds of thousandBjinoro i 