HELEN'S PIT EMM A otiatter xxxii. All ho way homo Holon was thinking of hor lotter. "What woulil bo tho burdon of it V What would ho say ? Hor mooting with hor ei-devant lover thnt afternoon had aroused nil hor Intent foolings — hor lovo for him hud stopped to tlio front, nnd thrust prido, indignation, nnd ioalousy ontiroly out, of sight. What wns it thoro wnB nlinut him so (liiforant to otlior mon ? Why did hor licnrt bont tnmultuously nt tho sound of his voico. hor colour como and go hononth his gnzo P Ho wns sorry, vory Borry, thnt ho hnd misjudged hor. Yes, sho oould boo it in his fnco. Ho lovod hor ns woll ns ovor, slio wns cortnin. Ho would como hack to hor from South Ainonon — como bnok to her, and nil would bo wnll with thom yot ! Yos, hut sho novor reckoned oh hor ovil gonius who wns sitting opposite to her on Uiohnck sent of tho enrringo, hor hands tightly lookod in hor lnp, hor oyos closed in foignod fntiguo, hor fnco sot nnd rigid — her ovil genius, who wns busy spinning plnn nftor plon of (lire purport in tho recesses of hor calculating, cruol mind. Holon wns nnxions to ho nlono with hor thoughts. It wns dreadfully uphill work talking to hor aunt and sustaining a fair nlinvo of convorantion whon hor mind wns full of a totally difforont subject than tho various smart drosses which hnd boon displayed on Lndy Ernnoos's lnwn. It wns hnlf-pnst sovon whon thoy Tonohod home, nnd Holon lmstonod up to hor own room, romovod hor bonnot und gloves, and snt down in tho window to look hor now- found happinoss straight in tho fnco. Tho lottor would coino by tho onrly post noxt morning. Yos, of thnt sho wns confidont. Tho post enmo round nt hnlf-pnst sovon. In twolvo hours moro sho would havo it in hor hatulB ; but how wns sho to send tho nnswor — for answor it must havo ? Dinnor wns postponed till hnlf- pnst eight, nnd for a wholo hour Holon sat m tho twilight, dreaming day-dreams, and building many fnir onstlos in tho air. Cnstlos in tho nir, indood! Already hor cousin (tho wicked fniry) hnd roducod hor fair buildings to tho dnst. Blnnoho know Rupert's wnys from long oxporionce. Sho know thnt if ho wroto ho would sond liismissivo by hnnd; so nil -dinnor-timo hor ours woro 6tininod, hor mind on tho qui viva to licar tho hall-door boll, dreading it unspoakably — dreading to soo tho fatal lottor appoariug on n salvor; hut it did not como. Tho racal wns safely -tided ovor, nnd Holon littlo know thnt with tho conclusion of tho repast hor "hopes were ovor too. It hnd boon n moro question of momonts — a matter of ton minutes' dolay; and yet that littlo ton -'minutes was tho causo of a lionvy heart and of ninny hitter, unavailing tears. Sir Ruport hnd liurriod back to town, intending to write and dospntch his lottor at onco, hut on tho wny ho wns accosted by afriond whokoptliimfully ton minutes to listen to ft griovnnco— a fatal dolay. Ton minutes nftor tho Indies hnd loft tho dining-room thoro onmo n smart pull nt tho boll, nnd Blnnoho, who hnd boon lingering on tho stairs, roooivod n noto in a square gray onvolopo, nddrossod in a well-known hand-writing to Miss Brown ; " tho mossongor wns to wait for nn nn swor," said tho footmnn, ns ho placed it "Vory well ; lntor I will givo it to Miss Brown, nnd will lot you know if thoro is any, reply," sho returned, nsconding tho stairs, nnd going into tho drawing-room for npponroncos' snko Sho glnnced with n half-guilty look nt Holon, whoso lovoly bond wns bont low ovor somo knitting near n Bhnily rending Inmp. How pretty sho lookod, ovon . Blnnoho grudgingly coufossod tohersolfl nnd how littlo sho know what Blanche linil in hor pocket ! Aftor allowing ron- sonablo dolay of about twonty minutes. Miss Dospnrd ngnin doscondcd to tho hall nnd desired tlio footmnn to toll Sir Rupert's messenger " that Miss Brown hnd rocoived tlio note, but thoro wns no nnswor." Poor Ilolen could hardly sloop nil night for thinking of tho happiness tlnit wns to como to hor tlio noxt morning ; nnd onrly — ns onrly ns tho first milk-cart — sho roso, nnd wrapping liorsolf in hor dressing gown snt down nt hor window to watch for tho post. How long it nppenrod — how vory, very long — hoforo his well-known bluo and red uniform enmo into viow, and his loud rap-rap wns honrd across tlio Btroot. " Ono door, two doors, now tho corner houso," said Holon to horsolf with fovorish oxcitomont; "now ho is coming horo." Yos ho wns coming across tho rond sorting a packet in his hnnd. ' Rnp- rap !" how hor heart jumpod ! Hor lottor hnd como, of courso, hut how wns sho to get it? Sho could not, would not, wait a wholo hour till breakfast-time, sho would ring for Valerie, hor maid. Yos. hnppy thought, hurrying to tho boll. Yalorio wns amnzod to soo hor young mistress up nnd about so oarly — standing in tho middlo of tlio room with rosy chooks nnd sparkling oyos, nnd nil ongornoss for tho morning loiters. Valorio dcscondoil sedately, and sedately roturnod, honring in hoi' iiaud two opistles. Ono look wns onough. Neifhor of thom wns tho lottor, > nnd Uolon's hopes tell to zoro. Sho felt almost roady to hurst into tears, ns .sho ' .i1' turned over, with slinking fingors, n rocoipt from a bookseller, and a pvogrammo of a concort for charitable purposes. Sho folt as if lifo was vory hard to hoar this sunny July morning; hut "liopo springs otomnl in tho liumnn bronst." And .by tho timo sho hnd swallowod n cup of ton, which Valorio hnd procured ns n kind of reward for hor mistress's onrly rising, sho hnd bogun to turn hor thoughts, with fond oxpcctation, to tho olovon o'clock post. And stimulated by liopo — by tho cortnin conviction tlint it must como thou — sho struggled to dross nnd to tnko an interest in lifo onco moro. Deluded girl 1 your lottor is lying in tho under-drawor of Blanclio's ilrsssing- enso at this identical momont; nnd Blanolio, who is not troubled witli such n thing ns a consoionco, is reposing comfortably among hor pillows — stooping tho stoop of tlio just. It is hardly nocossary to toll of Holon's disappointment ns tlio olovon o'clock iiuai. ivuiii. uy aim novor oven nnucnotL ui No. 7. Oadognn-croscont. Yot liopo is hard to quoneh ; nnd framing ono oxouso nftor another, sho stayed indoors all day — hoping against liopo— bolioving thnt lior promised lottor had boon dolnyod in somo unacconntnhlo manner — hut that, though Into, it would nrrivo yot ! Days followed ono anothor. "What long, lihuik, empty (toys 1 nnd still no totter ! Tho Chimboruzo, in which Sir Ruport had snitod, had now boon n fortnight at soa, so it was fully timo for Holon to put awny hor withered, (toad liopos, nn(l to bury thom (tocontly. Blnnoho hnd soon tho Btrugglo — tho nnguish in hor cousin's mind — hnd soon, with inward triumph, hor spnsmodio attempts at choorfulnoss — hor ongor oyos, whon totters woro brought in — hor faco of whito, bitter disappointmont.' Yos, so far so good ! Ruport was out of tho way for tho noxt six months, nnd by tho timo lio camo hnck Ilolon would bo married. Yos, marriod to Tavy Losborough. Sho could novor mnko a stand against hor aunt, Lady Losborough, nnd Mrs. Towors — not to montion Tavy himself. "You nnd Rnport soomod to linvo mado it up again, that (lay nt Lndy Frances's P " slio obsorvod to Holon a (lay or two nftor. " I saw him olintting nwny with you quito amiably, but thnt wns bocauso his young lndy wns not thoro 1 " "I don't boliovo bo bns nny spocial young lndy, as you cnll it ! " ropliod Holon, boldly. " Oh I but ho has 1 If ho denied it, you must not mind him; it's a littlo way thai U1UII 1111VUI X 1I»«V ftliuwu JllUli «II\; declared thnt ho hardly know a girl — nnd actually mnrriod hor within tlio woelc ! Mon linto pooplo to know thnt thoy nro ongagod ; tlioy think it spoils thoir fun 1" oital'ter xxxiii. Sir Ruport had awnitod an answer to his lottor with no littlo nnxioty. Ho had paced his room from ond to ond whilst his Morcury wns nwny. His wntoh toy boforo him on tho tnlilo, nnd ho consulted it ongorly ovory livo minutos. Strango to eny, his mossongor wns not moro tlinn nn hour Into, in his opinion, whon ho honrd his wolcomo ring. Wo, who woro boliind tho scones, know vory woll that tho said rotainor had dono his errand with nil roasonnhlo spoed. "But whoro is tho totter?" snid his master, impationtly, gazing incredulously at his empty hands. " Thoro wns 110 nnswor, Sir Ruport," ropliod tho groom, rospoctfully. " Miss Dospnrd enmo down into tho hall, anil said so liorsolf." "Miss Dospnrd — how? You did not sond tho note up to hor?" inquired his master, qniokly. j " Oh, no, sir ; hut she tookit up liorsolf, , nnd slio brought down . tlio mossngo, ana . said ns how Miss Brown said tlioro was no nnswor." Griggs wns Sir Rupert's factotum. Ho accompanied his master ovorywhoro, from Constantinople to Cnrgow, nnd ho know nil about his master's flirtation with tho governoSB. Oh, yos ; ho hnd his oyos in his bond, ho would havo told you ; nnd how tho governess, who wns cortninly a vory good- looking young woinnn, turnod out to ho nn hoiress with thousands and thousands of pounds ! It wns liko n fairy tnto ; hut Mrs. Dospnrd's maid iloolarod that it wn3 gospol truth ! Woll, ho, Griggs, hnd no objection to tho nintoh. IIo wns gotting protly siok of wandering about, nnd lio thought it quito timo thnt lio was sotttod. IIo wns tho more confirmed in this idon by tho fact of thoro boing n vory tidy littlo girl — a gnniokeopor's daughter nt Cnrgow — who would mnko no op position iE ho nskod hor to bo Mrs. Griggs. Ho hnd folt instinctivoly thnt tlioro wns soinotliing iu tho wind by tho wny Sir Ruport had given him tho noto, nnd told lnm to ho sure nnd bring nn nnswor ; nnd Parsons hnd told liim thnt Sir Ruport hnd hnd no dinner ! hnd sent nn oxcuso to Captain Torrous at tho Inst moment ! "Thon you did not seo Miss Brown, Griggs?" snid Sir Ruport, who could Imrfftv ronlifcrt liis rtiRnniininf.mpnf.. " No, Sir Ruport : sho woro up in tlio droring-room. Sho novor enmo down. I novor sot oyos on her, but I hoard hor singing." Singing 1 This was a oruol pieco of gratuitous information. With n linsty wavo of his hand Sir Ruport dismissed Mr. Griggs, nnd snt down to colloot his scattered thoughts. Firstly, lind Holon boon revenging lior solf for tho past ? Had sho foignod n spurious interest, a mock forgivonoss, in order tho moro cruolly to (lash his liopos to tho ground P Sho wns a horn notross — sho cortninly wns ! How woll sho hnd played tho rule. of govorness ! how woll sho fulfillod hor part now of tho rich heiress — tho great benutv ! Nothing could ho oasior for hor tlinn to nssuino tho littlo rule sho lmd played in tlio slindy walk thnt vory afternoon ! Sho sont no nnswor — not ovon ono word. This wns ono viow of tho matter, and a xory unplonsant one. There was anothor that prqsontod itsolf in its turn hoforo his mental ' vision— could Blnnoho tho fnir havo boon fnlso ? Could sho havo inter cepted his noto or Holon's for her own private ondsp But no! Ho put tho ulon from him with scorn. Ho actually blusliod to think thnt ho could havo dared to imputo such n vilo notion to any woman — anil, worso still, to his own cousin ! Tlion there wns still anothor alter native, und thnt wns tho plonsnntest, nnd for this reason ho dwolt on it tho longest. Holon might havo hnd no timo to reply — probably tbo drawing-room wns full of guests. Thnt would account for hor sing ing. Sho would writo tho totter in hor own npartmont, and it would como to him by tlio onrly post. It wns cunons thnt thoy should both build thoir oxpoctations on tho onrly post ; nnd thoy woro both painfully disappointed as wo uircudy know Tho noxt afternoon Sir Ruport was at soa, wns steaming down tho Irish Ohannol, As tho const of Wales rocodod from hie viow ho folt an odd, curious pang of rogrot. IIo wns doliborntoly putting tho sons hotwoun liimsolf and lTolon ; nnd already tho suit wator hnd worked a cliango in his toolings! Too Into lio regretted that ho hnd not stayed nt homo, bravod Torrons's wrath, crioil off nt tlio olovontli hour, nnd gono in porson ninl hnd a faco-to-fnco intorviow with his fioklo, formor fiancee t chapter xxxrv. It wns a lovoly onrly autumn morning when Sir Ruport nnd his frionil steamed out of Southhampton harbour, and a fow days lntor thoy nro nppronohing tho warm shores of South Amonoa. Tho harbour of Rio is ono of tho largest and finest in tho world, and looked its vory host ns tho vosscl slowly steamed up tho rivor in tho whito tropical moonlight. Soon tlioy una enst alienor anu woro bosioged by a cloud of noisy boats, clamorous for pnssengorB — boats ombnrk- ing dnrk, swarthy moil in whito clothes nnd wido pnlmotto lints, _ who talked sonorous Spanish nnd animated Portu guese, who enmo to grcot nud wolcomo various friomls. Ono of thoso gonttomon clnimod Captain TorronB ns nn old frionil. This was by no moans Cnptnin Torrons's first visit to the Brazils : and whon lio and his companion hod colloctoil thoir hnggngo ho carriod thom off in triumph to his villa in tho neighbourhood of Rio, Ho wns Sonor Cnrvnllio, one of tho working pnrtnors iu tho Donna Binnca silvor mina, and hospitality insisted that Cnptnin TorronB nnd tho othor Ingloso would mako tliomsolvos at liomo at Santa Catliorina — tlio namo of his vory magnifi cent country houso. Tho Sonor's fninily consisted of his wifo, two unmarried daughters, nnd ono son ; nnd Sir Ruport, whon ho hnd got tho throbbing of tho engines out of his bond, and had a long night's rost, oould not refrain from on- dorsing Captain Torrons's oncoiniums nnd admitting that thoy had fallon on thoir togs, nnd found an admirablo billot ! Santa Catliorina wns a largo, groon- shuttorod, flat-roofod, wliito houso, built round a coltonodod courtyard in tho good old Spanish fashion, nnd surrounded by fragrant grovos of orango troos nnd bananas. Sonor Carvalho nnd Cnptnin Torrons havo gono down to Rio on businoss. An hour ago thoy redo down tho rood, nnd Sir Ruport is toft behind. OOJioriwi i\j.ciuuuu: uuu oujiuuuv hkm promisod that tlioy will do thoir best to ontortain liivn, nnd ho is in good hands. Tlioy nro both oxceodinly handsome girls, of the Spanish typo, with black hair, indescribably graceful movomonts, nnd splondid (lark oyos — girls who hnvo boon oducntod nt a convont in Paris, nnd who sponk tho most charming brokon English ; nnd ovon Sir Ruport is obliged to admit to liimBolf thnt nothing onu ho prettior than tho picture ou which his oyos nro resting. Tho two young Spnnisli-Auiori- cans nro not in tlio lenst hit sliy ; thoy nro prepared to rido with, to sing to, to flirt with, thoir father's foreign frionds. Tlio dark ono is of a typo quito un known to thoso fair daughters of tlio south. Ho is pro-ocoupiod although ho is polite — lio is unrosponsivo — ho fails to undorstnnd tho lnugungo of tho fan, and, more amazing still, tho langungo of tlio oyo. Thoy hnvo sotttod hotwoon tliomsolvos thnt lio has n lovo affair — somo ice- honrtoil, fair Inglosa iii tho bnokgroimil. This alono will nmjily account for his extraordinary r030rve and solf-command. Ho hns boon with thom ton (lays. Ho lias sung with thom, dancoil with thom, nation witn rnom — no is a mnginnconc horseman, ovon thoir brothor Curio ad mits that — and ho hns not onco nllowod himBolf to bo invoigled into the gontlo mazes of a flirtation. Ho might mnko himsolf ploasant — thoy don't want to mnrry him. Eour months lator, Sir Ruport is riding through tho stroots of Rio. You would novor recognise him, but would tako him for a Spanish gentlemnn, with his bronzod faco, his blnok board, sombrero and poncho ! Ho ridos a inngnificont liorso, nnd is conversing ongorly and olioorfully with his friond Cnptnin Torrons. Thoy havo hnd n most successful trip — businoss and plonsuro havo boon happily comhinod, nnd now thoy nro about to rost and rotate thoir adventures iu tho bosom of tlio family nt Santa Catliorina. Attor fivo months roughing it — Sir _ Ruport is unfoignodly ploasod to seo his two pretty Spnnisli frionds ngnin, and feels that on a formor occasion lio wns rudoly and stupidly indifforent to thoir charms. Cortninly thoy linvq nothing to complain of now. Ho sooms disposed to moro tlinn mnko amonds for his past unsociability, and they confess to onch othor that ho is n most charming nnd delightful oavnlior. Mercedes lias an affianced lover, who looks coldly on tlio handsome Englishman, and lias given hor unmistakably to under stand tlint hor onthusinsm must bo coolod ! Inez hns sovoral doctored und undeclared ndmirors ; but, partly to piano thorn nnd partly to plonso liorsolf, slio no longer receives thoir compliments nnd flowers with gracious and impartial fnvonr. No ; all hor smilos are givon to tho now arrival, and tlioro is a good deal of swearing, and ono or two vory ugly throats ninnnR tho sonor'ta's civclo of discarded admirers. Whoro is tho duonim all this timo ? naturally occurs to tho render's mind. Sonorn Carvalho filled tho post horsolf; hut sho wns onsy-going, oxtronioly indo- lont, nnd incredibly fat, nnd toft hor dniiglitars a good donl to tbomsolvcs. How could sho ho oxpectorl to climb tho roof on moonlight nights nnd gnzo nt tho stars with Inoz nnd Sonor Ruporto ? Could n womun ot hor ngo nnd yonrs bo nskcil to tako tho sadillo and nccompnny thom for mitos into tho country ? At dancos it wns difforont; nnd tlio pndro, hor husband, had a high opinion of nil Englishmen — thoy woro to bo trusted ; and no ono could look into Sonor Ruporto's (lark oyos nnd boliovo for a momont thnt ho wns anything but n mirror of chivalry. Tlioro is n good donl of plonsnnt intimacy induced botivoon two young pooplo Dy star-gazing nnd guitar-playing ; nud Sir ltupert, thanks to Inez's instructions, wns now quito nn accomplished porformer. Ho liked and admired his fair teacher im- monsoly — indood onco or twiooho hnd nskod himsolf i f liking wns not too cold n tonn for his foolings ? Slio wns lively in hor own stylo. Inoz, though vory bowitching nnd vory beautiful, wns shallow nnd ignorant; hor education did not extend vory fur beyond danciug and guit ar-play ing. But, trniisdlnnteil to cold England, bow would it ho with hor ? How would tho hnlf-oilucnteil, volnrilo Brizilinn accustom horsolf to high-bred, highly polishod, higlily-inquisitivo English dames ? Thou, too, slio wns a Roman Catholic. No, no ! it vwns not to bo thought of— it would no or do ! Charming ns woro tlioir ridos aud thoir music lessons, ho would ho glad wlion Torrons hnd comploted his business nnd thoy could onco more sot thoir faces towards thoir nativo land. And tho fnir Inez? Alas! slio had boon hoist with hor own petard. Sho had meant that tlio Sonor Ingloso should fall madly in lovo with hor, nnd lo ! tho ensos woro rovorsod. Sho was distractedly in love with him. Tho hare idea of his leaviu'' Rio— loaving Rio without hor — throw lior into a frenzy of ilospnir. Sir Ruport hnd tried to blind himsolf to this chango in his pretty friond ; ho told him solf that flirtation was tho vory hronth of hor nostrils, to a girl lileo Inoz— tlint sho really did not care n straw for him, nor ho for hor. Trno, lior eyos told a vory difforont tnlq ; hut that wont for nothing with a Brazilian beauty. Howovor, hor oyos woro shortly supplomontod by hor tonguo, nnd sho bccamo not only exact ing, but joalous nnd arbitrary. Sho could not hoar to seo him speak to any othor lnjly — not ovon hor own sister ! To walk 1TAI.U, '4HI4VV tlAIMlf IVil/U, UHUtllUl gllii causod a stormy and tearful ncono of remonstrance. Cortninly things woro be coming yory unplonsant for Sir Ruport Lynn ! Ho hnd uevor declared himsolf in any way, and yot tho sanorita soomod to consiilor him hor exclusive property, nnd trouted him entirely ns nn nocoploil suitor. Tho phlogniatio sonorn had boon asking pointed quostions about his rota tions— his family— his moans? Surely sho novor seriously ontortained tlio idea thnt ho wished to carry hor daughter across tho sons, and introduce hor to his pooplo ns Lndy Lynn ? Sir Ruport ivns, if anything, too sonsi- tivonnd too chivalrous; he could not honr to givo pain to a woinnn — ho shrank from administering a rebuff to his hoautiful young hostess. What wub tho most dolicnte noutrality on his pnrt — what wns absolutely de manded by common politenoss — tho sau- guino Inoz nocoptocl for noquiosoonoo, if not actually a warm reciprocation of hor foolings. Thoso Ingloso woro a cold- hloodod rnco, she said to liorsolf — thoy could not lovo liko tho pooplo under tho lino, hut by all accounts thoir lovo lasted longer. Affairs soon onmo to n crisis. Sir Ruport oould not blind himsolf to tho fact that somo sort of Btorrn was brewing after an intorviow tlint ho hnd with his fnir friond ono tropical afternoon. Thoy "hnd boon a portion of a targe riding party to nn old dosertod haciondnh about ten mitos away. _A vory _ morry dainty moal had boon discussod in tho grass-grown garden, and ' nx. 1 hq nnnfllliainll ftV/inw (Win linrl Sinnmnrl about tho plnoo— somo into tho gloomy, shattered houso, somo into tlio courtyard, somo further nfiold. Sir Rnport nnd Inoz woro among tlio latter. Tlioy snuntod down mossy walks, down brokon stops, and finally enmo to anchor undor a wido-spreading tree, that soomod almost to grow into tho boundary wall. Seating liersolf suddenly, Inoz said, — "Is it not odd that this placa is sliut up ? No ono will livo here." " Anil why not ? " inquired Sir Ruport, looking backup tho gavdon nnd surveying tho promisos. " Ghosts, or tho ovil oyo ?" laughing. " It hns boon a fine plnoo in its tiino ! " " Oh, you may laugh ! " roturnod Inoz, with a pout, " but thoro nro ghosts, and thoro is an ovil oyo. Fernando Snndollo says that thnt houso " — nodding hor bond — " hns such a bnd nnmo that although it is so nonr tho town and so ohoap no ono hns lived in it for twonty yonrs ! Pooplo havo tried, hut a week hns boon onough for any ono — somotimps ono night. Husli ! " — with a start — " whnt is thnt moving among tho hnnnnas ? " soizing hor companion's arm convulsivoly. It WnHiJin lint. «.!« .1 7... ..... A.11 uut iuu wiuu. iuuiue i.uu of Buporstitious fnnoios. "What is tho wondorful story about tho house ? Boliovo mo thnt tho ghosts nro nothing more or loss tlinn rats." " Are they ? " slio oxctaimod, indig nantly. " You would not sny that if you woro to soo thom ! " "Thom — nro thoro moro than ono?" ho asked, with a smilo. "In England you novor soo moro tlinn ono nt a timo ! " /'Thoro nro two thoro" she returned, with deepest gravity, nodding hor head towards tho grey, woathor-stainod build ing, " a man and a girl. He murdorod hor — stabbed hor. Ho was jealous." " Tho bruto ! I liopo he wns linngod ! " oxolnimqd Sir Ruport, poking up somo woods with tho ond of his riding cano. " All j you English don't understand whnt joalousy moans — you mnko no nllownnoo." " I mako no nllownnoo cortninly for nny man who could murder a dofoncoloss woman," ropliod Sir Ruport, omphatic- ally. "Not whon sho had givon him causo for _ jealousy ? / inquired his fair com panion, with wide- open oyos. " Not ovon tlion could I undorstnnd it !" ho ropliod, with unmoved countenance. " Woll, I can," alio replied, fiorcoly. " I mysoif could kill nny ono who enmo botwoon mo nnd my lovo." Thon reach ing for n pomogrannto blossom, which sho hold to hor hps, sho ndded, nftor a pauso. in a lowor, softer koy, ' ' For instanoo, I could murder any woman who dared to como hotwoon mo — and you ! " pro ns cON'TiNin'.n. 