“DID YOU HE All ITT’ (TO TIIE EDITOlt.) Sin,—The \V ooimxn Staii asks “ Jim you Jiear it?” Yes! ’twns not thr wind or the cat. JTo ! it was the " wind up ” of an evening’s band practice ! 'i'he piece—that beautiful and soul-stirring military fantasia that concludes with an adaptation of the “ National Anthem.” How oft have we sat enraptured, listen ing to the same when played by a full orchestra ; ay, drinking in every sound, from the “ first gun* ns delivered by the 51\. Key (O'l!) drum to the last har monic chord that thrilliiigly pourtrayed the united loyalty of “ Our valiant men ten thousand strong.” Ciesar, hold warrior ! might well ap pear when hearing those martial strains —in fact, with his greatest ghost or even all his gliosis, if lie be more than twins. How, when hearing those captivating movements, we have conjured up the charging phalanx nnd reeling squadron. The spirits (?) of great men never die ! “ don’t see ”—they were not lost, but only “gone before.” What an ear from .music must that man have who thinks that the rattling tins cans of the S.A. or doggies caudal doeoration could for one moment be compared to the tones emanating from the lips of S, et, S, in those vibrating undulations, whose escape have since given a straightened and lengthened appearance to the brass tubing thro’ which they percolated. As the writer apparently envies a duet in tongueing, we take ’ it be must be invariably, timorously, endure a “ solo.” Weird’ melodies 1 Yes ; we 'card them. The Staii does scant justice to the “ other performers.” as instead of being only “ up to their chins ” their spirited ell’orts came much higher—the Harper tho’ not creating much noise, was “tilt ing” his linger industriously—going it “ straight,” not like a “ cocktail.” Did “ Scot’s wha’ hae ” imagine that his “foot was on his-native heath,” and tint lie heard the Pibroch rousing the clans when lie next day presented his “ sum mons ” to arm ? Pibroch of Denial Dime ! Pibroch of Poniul 1 Wake thy wild voice anew ; summon Ulan Uouiul. Come aw.V. come awa’; lurk to the summons 1 Come in your war array. Gentles and Come! from* the parlor and taproom alb Come ! from the bedroom all trembling and s piealing! Come from your .rcstinjj*pl3CC,' J.iclcy ! and shunt ’em ! Come thou bravo printer and boldly confront That is all, and nothing more. You Fun'ny’ux. Big Diium. Stiiaxglkd Couxet. [Quite enough, thank you very kindly. From the Yotihmny’un, Big Drummer, •and Strangled Cornet deliver us ! This is our prayer. “ Of two evils choose neither,” runs the old proverb, but if we must choose between the “ poetry ” (ye gods and little whipsnakes !) of the jovial trio and the midnight serenade, why we plump for the latter, and may our good angel defend us !—Ed. Stah.] The Queen of Greece has given birth to a son. In young fema’es who have lost their hair by fevers, it has been observed to grow at the rate of seven inches each year. •V mm nanuq Larry Donovan was drowned on Isis diving from London Bridge. 