\----Coward,-or- Hero .? ---. GrORGo BROWNINnG wasa coward. When a little, toddling thing, he was afraid of his shadow, and even when old enough to help with the " chores" about the farm, he could not be coaxed to enter a room alone in the dark.: " Yt he was' no fml, and in school usually kept a little in advance of his classes, much to the chagrin of his older brothers. The boys in the village had always imposed upon him, for, no matter what the provocation, he could never be induced to lift a finger in self defence. Fur this girlish trait he was nick named "Sis," and even after his majority this name continued more familiar than the baptismal one of George. In spite of his cowardice, George loved a little dark-eyed maiden, and although the subject had never been mentioned between them, he knew that she was by no means in different to him. The young folks laughed and said he went with Millie Conway because her father's farm joined his own paternal home stead, making the distance so short that it was safe for him to venture across the lots at n'git. As a rule, the young girl stood up bravely for her timid lover, although, in her heart, she wished he were different, andti more than once she had chided him for his lack of courage. But there came a time when even Millie's loyal heart turned away from the weak, cowardly man, who, from his very boyhood, had been her willing slave. When the news of the fall of Fort Sumter was flashed ever the wires, even while tie patriotic heart of the loyal North was still quivering with pain, there came to the little settlement where the twain dwelt a young officer from the city, burning with zeal-perhaps less for his country than for his own laurels, for his commission as capltain depended upon his success as a recruiting officer. However, Millie believed him to be the embodiment of all that was noble, and listened eagerly to his glib tongue. When the patriotic country boys marched up to the front to signify their determination of going in defence of their country, Millie turned toward the door to see how George was affected by the scene. But he was gone, and when she inquired of a neighbor's lad what had become of him, the boy responded promptly : "lie's gone out to shake, Miss Millie. I never saw so skcered a fellow in my life." Millie was indignant. tIow could he sneak away with those eloquent words ringing in his ears? She could forgive cowardice under ordinary circumstances, but such shameful conduct was not to be tolerated when the country was calling so loudly for help. George hadsgone to the meeting, trembling like a leaf, and when the drum began to beat, he turned pale and would certainly have fainted had he not escaped into the open air. All that evening he lay hid among the hay in thestable loft, listening to the doleful music and the cheering of the men : but if he had been shot for his cowardice, he could not have been coaxed out of his place of concealmelt. HIis actions, forming such a striking con'rast to those of the gallant young C'altain, humiliated Millie deeply, and when they next net, site upbraided him for hislack of courage. lie said but little, and when she turned her back upon him for the city officer, he only reminded her of all she had been to him. Bitter recriminations followed, and before the sunumner was over, poor George knew that his Millie hadi spoken vows in the ears of another that in the sight of God should have been made to him alone. Only once, and that in fear and trembling, did he open his lips concerning the character of the man into whose keeping she had committed her happiness, and then an impatient gesture and scornful toss of the head warned him that rhe was treading upon dangerous ground. As the war went on, anti more men were called out to take the place of those that had fallen, George actually grew thin and pale at the possibilities that might Ie in store for him. At last there came a time when the quota of the township fell behindl, and in the draft that followed George's twin brother's name was drawn. Robert was no coward, but he had young children to support, and he was greatly perplexed about leaving them, for substitutes demanded large sums of money, and he was a poor man. It wasin this dark hour that the real heroism in the coward's nature asserted itself. It cost him a fearful struggle, but in the end, victory. "You go in my stead!" Robert said, his grave face relaxing into a smile, after listening to his brother's timid proposal. "What will No, no, Sis ! Though it breaks my heart to be torn from Mary and the little ones, I would endure a thousand partings rather ihan that you should disgrace us all by deserting." "I will never desert, Robert, never! I may be frightened to death, for I am a coward, but death, in whatever form it comes, will find me at my post." It was with doubting hearts that his friends saw him depart that dreary New Year's day, but soon their fears were set at rest by learning that in spite of his weakness, George promised to make a faithful soldier. Two years later it was cowardly "Sis" Browning who agreed to take a hazardous trip across the enemy's lines. When the dangerous journey was suggested to him, his knees smote together, and his whole frame trembled like an aspen leaf; but, remembering all that his cowardice had cost him, he determined not to be mastered by the indwelling tyrant, and of his own choice, donned the apparel of a spy. During the year, he succeeded in doing good service for the Government without being detected, but he was not so fortunate in an adventure undertaken about the close of the year IS64, for at that time he was captured on suspicion of being a spy, and, although nothing to condemn him was found upon his person, he was sent to Andersonville for safe keepirg. When the war was closed, in company with other prisoners of war, he started for the North ; but long before the place of destination was reached, George Browning was lft in a private hospital by the way "in a dying condition," as was reported. But his illness was not unto death; after the crisis was passed, he came back swiftly to life, but, alas ! It was a living death, for his mind was a 'complete blank. Hle had forgotten the names of his people, the place of his birth, the number of his regiment; neither could he tell from whence he had come or whither he was going, and when he took up a book to read, he found to his dismay that he had really forgotten his alphabet. As the passing weeks brought no light, he went bravely to work to earn his daily bread, and later on, when months had come and gone without bringing him relief, he went further west, took up a claim, built a cabin, bought a spade and spelling-book to begin life afresh. Years came and went, and still he plodded hopelessly on, learning his lessons afresh each day for somehow he could not gasp them as in the olden days. Like a dream, the familiar forms of the dear ones in the old home, and the face of the maiden he loved, came back to him, but not a name or place could he recall. Ten years of this hermit life had dragged slowly away, when the lone man fell ill with a low fever. His sid story had made him friends among the rough neighboues, and all through the tedious illness brawny Iands ministered tenderly to his wants. At last the fever leftl him weak and helpless as a bate, but clothed and in his right mind. Again his brain was peopledl with his kindred, and he was able to call them by their names, while plain George Browning seemed as familiar to him as the "Sis" of former days. lie could scarcely wait for the returning strengthl to start on his journey to the dear old home. Soon, a strong constitution sup ported by a stronger will power, put him on his feet and started him homeward. Although all his Latin and Greek verbs were as plain as A, B, C, the cowardice that had been the cause of all his trouble came not back to taunt himt with the ghosts of the past. The little, straggling village hie entered had not changed greatly during thle years that had made him an old, white-headed man. It wus just fourteen years since he had walked tire streets before. Iturrying onto the sol home stead, he knocked timidly at the kitchen door, and lthe next moment he was folded in his mother's arms, with her tears dropping on hirs sunburnt pheek. She had not been expecting him, for out int the churchyard a marble shaft, bearing testi mony of his faithfulness, glimmered in the morning light, proving that hope for his return had perished i but her mother instinct told her that the lost was found, the dead alive. There was joy in the Browning homestead that day over the return of the wanderer, and Millie Conway came over to help keep the feast. All these long, troubled years, her heart had burndd when she remembered how she had driveni him from her. The Captain's interest had proven but-a passing fancy, and then the young girl awoke to a sense of her los, and the bitter wrong she had done to a faithfula trusting heart. Now, after years of waiting, she again listened, to the old, sweet story and this time she knew her vows were not pldgedl'to a coward, 