An Impending Doom. CIIAPTEK I I.— (Continual.) Like n man in dreamy swoon, Sir Jnricr ICingslaml obeyed. Ho log tie astrologer tip tbo grand swoopiau staircases— up and up. to tho vory top of tie house — to tho lofty, lonely battli merits. Cloudless spread tho wide night ky; countless and bril liant shono tho stars ; poacoful and majestic slept tho tho purplo eoa; spotless white gloamod tho snowy earth. A weird, witcbiog scono! " Lcaro mo," said tbo astrologer, " and watcb and wait until tho hour of four ; then eome to me." He waved him away with a regal motion. Ho stood there gazing, rapt, at the stars, as a king looking upon his subjects. And tho haagaty baronet, without a word, turned an<i left him. The endless hours wore on— two, three, and four. Sir Jasper mounted to the battlements, still like a man in a dar-ed dream. Achraot the Astrologer tamed tdotvlr round. The pale, silvery moon Wnnehed hit ever-white face with the hut of death. In one hand he held a folded paper— in the other a poncil He had been writing. "Hare you done?" the baronet asked. 1 an done. Tonr son's fate is here." lie touched the paper; he spake in a voice of awful solemnity; his cyos hod a wild dilated look, trom which Sir Jasper shrank— they looked so horribly Hko tho eyes ot a man who has been faco to face with disem bodied spirits. " Is that for mc ?" ho asked, shrink ing palpably from it, even while ho spoko. "This is for you"— tho astrologor handed him tho papor as he spoko. " It is for you to read— to do with after as you soo lit. 1 haro but ono word to say. Not 1, but a mightior power traced tho words you will road —your con's irrerocablo Jitte. Don't hope to shirk it. Fato is fate— doom is doom. My task is ondod, and I go. Farewell ! " " No, no," tho baronet criod — " not so. Remain and breakfast here." " No, Sir Jasper Kingsland, 1 break no bread undor your roof. I have dono ray work, and depart for erer. Look to your ton J " He spoke tho last wordsalowly, with a tigerish glare of bate leaping out of his eyes, with deadly menace in every syllable. Then ho was gono, down tbo winding stairway, tiko a black ghost, aud so out and away. Sir Jasper Kingsland took thu folded paper and sought his room. There in tho pale day-dawn ho tore it open. Ono eido was covered with cahalisttC( characters, Eastern sym bols, curious marks, and hioroglv J riiics, Tho other sido was written In touch, in long, clear, legible charac ters. Thorewasa heading — "Horo ecopo of tho Heir of Kingslaud." Sir Jasper sat down eagerly and began to read. Nearly an hour after, a servant, entering to replenish the faded lire, fled out of tho room and startlod tho household with his shrieks. Two or threo domestics rushed in. There lay Sir Jasper Kingsland prone on his face on the floor, stiff and stark as a dead man. A paper, unintelligent to nllwasclutchcu tightly asa death-grip in his hand. Reading that crumpled paper, tho strong man had fallen there flat on tho floor, in a dead swoon. CHAPTER HI. tiie nn o> ire UEiin. Far away from the lofty, battle- mcntcd, ancestral homo of Sir Jaspor Kingsland — miles away, where tho ceaseless sea sparkled the long day through, as it sown with stars — where tho foamys wells rolled in dull thunder up tho whito sands — straight to tho acosboro wont Achmet the Astrologer. A long strip of bleak marsh land, spreading down tho hillside, and sloping to tho soa, arid and dry, in tho burning summer timo, sloppy and sodden now —that was liis destination. It was called Hunsdcn's Heath — a forlorn and dcsolato spot, dotted over with cottages of the most wretched kind, inhabited by tho most uiscrablo of tho miserable) poor. To ono of thcao wretched hovels, standing nearest tho sea, and far removed from tho rest, Achmet swiftly mode his way. Tho sun was high in tho heavoni ; tho eca lay all a-glittcr beneath it. Tbo astrologor had got over tho ground at a swift, swinging stride, and ho bod walked fire miles at least ; but ho paused now, with little sign of fatig uo in his strange white face. Folding his arms over his breast, he surveyed tho ahining sky, tho glitter ing sea, with a alow, dreamy smilo. "Tho sun shines and tho sea Sorkles on tho natal day of the heir Kingsland," ho said to himielf ; " but for all that it is a fatal day to him. Tho sins of the father shall bo visited on the children eren to tho third and fourth generation, soith tho Rook Christians beltero in. Chris tians!"— he laughed a harsh laugh. "Sir Jasper Kingsland is a Christian! The religion that produces such men mutt bo a glorious ono! He was a Christian when ho perjured himself and broke "her heart! Tis welt As a Christian he cannot object to tho vengcanco Christianity teachei." He turned away, anirna-hel tho onoly hut, and tapped thrice — sharp, ' staccato knock — at the door. Tho I third ono was answered, the door swung back, and a dark damsel looked out. " Is it thee, Pictro ? " " U is I, Zara!" Ho stepped in as ho spoko, closed tho door, look her faco betweon his hands, and kissed both brown chooks. Tho girl's dark face— a handsome faco, with sombre, shining oyos and dark tresses— lit up into tho splen dour of absolute beauty as sho re turned his caress. "And how is it with thoo, my Zara?" tho astrologor said— "and thy little ono ? " " 1 1 is well. And thyself, Piotro ?" " Very well. And the mothor? " "Ah, tho mother Poor mother! She lies as you saw hor last— as you will always 100 hor in this lower world— dead in lifo ! And ho "—tho girl Zara's eves lit fiercoly up— 11 didst see Aim, Pictro?" " 1 have seen him, spoken to htm, told him the past, and terrified him for the future. There is a soo, Zara —a now-bora son." "Dog, and son of a dog I" Za ra cried, furiously. " May curses light upon b:i in the hour of his birth, and upon all who bear his hated name ! Say, Pictro, why didst thou not strangle the little Viper as you would any other poisonous reptile?" The man laughed softly. " My Zara, I did not even see him. He lies cradled in rose-lcarcs, no doubt, and the singing of tho v/est wiod is not sweet enough for his lul laby. No nrofano cyo must rest on this eacrcu treasure, fresh fjom the hands of tho gods Is he not tho heir of Kingsland ? Rut, sweet, I have read tho stare for them. Achmet the Astrologer lias cast bis horoscopo. and Achmet, and Zara, his wife, will seo that the starry destiny is fulfilled. Shall we not?" "If 1 only bad him bore," Zara cried, clawing tho air with her two hands, her black oyca blazing, " I would throttle tho baby-snako, and fling him dead in his father's face ! Anu that father ! Oh, burning alivo would bo far too merciful for Aim /" Achmet smiled and drew her long, black braids caressingly through his lingers. " You know how to ltato, (and you will teach our Ilitlo ono. Yes, tho fate I haro foretold shall como to pass, and tho son of Sir Jaspor will live to curso tho day of his birth ! And now I will remove my disguiso, and wash and breakfast, for I feel the calls of hunger. Then I will seo tho mother." "She has been watting for your coming," Zara said. " Sho counts tho moments when you are away.' Sho led tho way into tho room. There was but tbo ono room aud a loft above. Tho lower apartment ot the hut on tho heath was tho vory pic ture of abject povorty and dreary desolation. Tho carthorn floor was broken and rough ; tho sunlight canto sifting through tho chinks in tho broken walls. A smoky fire of wot driftwood sulked and smouldered, black and forbidding, under a pot on tho crook. Thoro was neither table nor chairs. A straw pallot with a wretched coverlet lay in ono cornor; a few brokon stools were scattered around; a fow articles of clothing hung on the wall. That was all. "Tho littlo ono sloops," tho man said, costing a swift glancoorerattbo pallet. " Our pretty baby, Zara. Ah, if Sir Jaspor Kingsland lores his first born son as wo lovo our child, or half so well, wc are almost avenged al ready." " lie hod need to lore it better than his first-born daughter!" Zara said fiercely. "The lion lovos its whelp, the tiger its cub, but he , less human than tho brutes, casts off bis offspring in tbo hour of its birth I" " Meaning yoursolf, my Zara ?" tbo man said, with his slow, soft smile. "What would you bare, degraded daughter of a degraded mother — his toy of an hour? And there is another daughter— a fair- haired, insipid nonen tity of a dozen years, no more like our beautiful ono hero than a farthing rushlight is like tho stare of heaven. He drew down tho tattered quilt, and gazed with shining eyes of lore and admiration at tho sleeping face of a child, a baby-girl of scarco two years ; tho cherub face rosy with sleep, smiling in her dreams ; tho long, silky black lashes sweeping the flushed check, tho abundant, Teathory, jet-black curls floating loosely about — an exquiaito picture of blooming, healthful, beautiful childhood. Zara came to where tbo man knelt, gazing with adoring face, her wide black eyes glistening. " My beautiful ono — my rosebud 1" she murmured. "Piotro, the sun shines on nothing half so lovely in this lower world !' Tbo man glanced up with his lazy smile. (to bb coxtixvko.) 