GENERAL ASSEMBLE OF THE PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH. The annual meetings, of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of South Aus- <*> tralia (incorporated) were commenced in the Flinders-street Church, Adelaide, on Tuesday, May 1. The moderator (Re v. Jas. Lyall) con ducted Divine service, and thereafter the ordinance of the Lord's Sapper was dispensed, the moderator presiding at the service, Tue General Assembly was theaduly constituted by prayers by the moderator. The Clerk of Assembly reported thateinee the meeting of the assembly in May, 1887, the following changes had taken place:—Transla tions—The Rev. Thos. Gray has been translated from the pastoral charge of the congregation of Miunt Pleasant to the charge of the con (negation of Horeham, Victoria; the R=v. John Macaulay, M.A,, has been translated from tbe charge of the congregations of Wood side and Nairae to the charge of the congrega tion of Mount Pleasant; the Ifaf. W. R. Milne has been translated from the charge ot the congregation of Manrtnm to the charge of the congregation of Glare. Tbe roll of Assembly as certified by the cleiks of the Presbyteries of the b mods was then called, and with the names of the mem bers present marked apon it was laid on the table. Those members who were present were as follows:—Presbytery of Adelaide — Flinders- Btrett Church, Rev. James Lyall and Mr. T. W. Fleming: Chalmer'e Church, Rev. O. Paton, D.D., and Mr, W. Ferguson ; St. Andrews, Rev. £. Rorke, 8.A.; Port Adelaide, Rev. J. Hall Angus and Mr. M. Mclnnes; Gawler, Rev. J. Gordon: Norwood, Rev. W. F. Main and Mr. R. McClnre- Presbytery of Belalie and Port Augusta—Rev. R. Mitchell and Mr. A. Barratt: Clare, Rev. W. R, Milne and Mr. J.Scott; Wallaioo,Mr, C. Coltman; Blyth and Woodlands, Rev. T. W. Smythe; Pres bytery of the Ockaparinga—Mount Pleasant, Rev. J. Macanlay, M.A.; Mount Barker, Rev. J. A. Burns; Strathalbyn, Rev. W. S. Mac qneen and Mr. M. Rankine; Monarto, Rev, A. Law and Mr. G. Patterson; Nairne, Mr. J. CUct. The Olebk amtooneed the receipt of report from tbe committee appointed to nominate the moderator of the Assembly for 1888-9. The eboioe bad fatten upon the Eev. O. Paton, D.D., of Chalmer'a Church, Adelaide, and each nomination bad been duly intimated to tbe Presbyteries of the bounds. Rev. W. F. Main moved—" That the Rev. Dr. Paton be now elected and asked to take tbe chair of this assembly." Rev. A. Law seconded, and it was unanimously screed. The newly elected moderator then assumed the chair, being con ducted thereto by the retiring moderator and the mover and seconder of the motion. After thanking tbe brethren fcr the honor conferred upon him, he delivered the folluaoug ad dress: — ADDHIBB BT BKV. D, PATON, D.D., ON THB COKSmdIOM AND FCSCXIONS OF THE CHCECH OF CHBIST. Fatten and Brethren—lf, as we believe, the Lord Jons Ohrist is " Head over all things to the Church," administering the world'* affairs, that is, with a view to the ultimate suocew and universal triumph ot the principles of His cross; if we are, as we claim to be, an in tegral and constituent portion of that Church ; and if we have again met together in His name for tbe honest transaction of His busi ness, it may be well for us at this stage of our proceedings to torn aside for * little to ooa sider once score wbat tin nature and fnnctjonw of the Church of "ChxUt really are. By tbe nature of the Church I mean that which goes essentially to make it up, aad whioh in consequence distinguishes it from all other institutions in the world. In other words, ?> true explanation of its natnro should iwntaiii an intelligible answer to the important and much canvassed question—Who ?re they that are entitled to regard themselves ae its divinely antboriced members? The several re plies to this enquiry may be grouped and dealt with BBdertheiollowing divisions, which, thoqgh not perhaps either historically oom pleteorlogioaUyexaot,areatleaatcQffioieatly clear and comprehensive for the practical pur pose 1 have in view, namely, tike Genealogical or Hereditary, the Liturgical or Doctrinal, and the Vital or Constitutional. That is tbe trae Church, cay tbe devotees of V<yU?;a.tif T |?nii—lng ],whi?A.Mtf?j-?.ifai?j?. cestry right nptotlw tinte of tiwaposdes through an unbroken line uf episcopal officers ordaining and ordained. This definition has tmquesfaon ably the merit of a ittauic simplicity. £o theory at least the line ot exclonon and inclusion is dearly marked. The eonabtation of the Church is purely a question of pedigree. The prevalence or decadence of the tpirit of Jesus Christ within its borders is in this representa tion ei it tieated as a "matter of no moment. WhceTerasd whatever be be that has not re ceived tbe occult ix.flaei.ee that flows alone to men through the supernatural channels of the priettly 1 ucctionaries of an Episcopal Church is not a member of the living body of Christ. Such a thecry as this, however—the theory of an arrogant and exctasive clerical offidalism — seen.B to n.e to be btult apon a radical error. It proceeds on tfce wpjiusil ion that tbe Otmrch i?, or at least posLcsses the same properties as, an external organism. Now that the Church of Christ has a certain externality about it bo one will deny. Tbe ecclesiastical fabric would bardi; have bora divine if it bad been wholly and exclusively spiritual, for Che sease* are the gateways of knowledge, and. in a ortain fmow, of life. But in outward leatonr an only its accidents; its inward ehjmcter and principle constitute its very essence. Tbe kingdom of God is not here or then, without, but evFij where, within; aad Paul aad A polios and Cephas are but ministers through "whom mm believe, God HimaeU while sang them being independent of them aIL "God does not netd either marfta work or his own sifts." "In every nation he that feateth God and worketh righteousness is aocepted with Him," acd tiie divine approval is the best guarantee of church membership, settle grounds of that approval are the best titles to it. It ia strange, ifcorcover, ttiat ao much i*irnrrtwnfT lhirnlrt tm attached to toe hereditary principle in the relif ions fpheie, when in the region of the ordi nary moralities its power is only with considerable qualifications. *"Xis only noble to be gocd," says the laureate in well known linet; "kind hearts are more than coronets, and simple faith than Norman blood." So utterly is the Baptist's saying forgotten by n^aoy that one might well think it had never bten spoken. 'Think not to aay within your eelves we have Abrahun to our father, for God is able ot these stones to rabe op cfaUdmi to Atrabam." Betides, is it not notorious that the lives of some of these so called "divinely appointed channels" will not bear even a moment's examination ? And can it be true, moreover, that the generous God has actually confined the flow of His grace, which is free as the tun, to any ircnian channels, especially to such dubious and often turbid rfiawmJa as these? For my part I prefer to hold to tbe old doctrine of the freenesa of Divine gtaee; ftee cot only as beirg untaught and uubuy able, but as being unrestricted in ite operation and worldwide in its extent. The genealogical theoty of the constitution of the Christian Church appears to me to be as conspicuous for its w?nt of reverence for God as its want of respect for men. His liberty of action and their f quality of privilege are alike ignored by it. In other words, tbe democratic character of the Church is in this conception of it kept out of Eifcht, and an aristocratic system is invented to take its place. Don't be alarmed by the use of the tetm democratic; for by its use in this connection I mean aim ply what Paul means when he *ays that " we are all one in Christ Jesus"— the all beirg Jews, Gentiles, freemen, bond oien, and tbe like, aad therefore ministers and people, clergy and laity. Moral preferences with God there must be; social, national, and fCcJeeiurtical preferences then are none. We all have direct acoeas to the Father through Cbrist without tbe intervention of human agencies. fVe are all made priests to Wim in Jesus Christ. It needs the influence of no church dignitary whatsoever to secure admis sion into the presence or the fellowship of the EteioaJ, or to achieve the saving benediction ot the Christ. *'Whosoever wul may oome BLd take of the water of life freely." That the Church moreover is not a thing genealogi cally cc-nttitcted and determined is made further evident by tbe testimony of the primi tive Church. For what saith Irenteas, the difdple of Poly carp, who was the disciple of John? " Where the Church u there is the Spirit ol God, and where tbe Bpirit of God ia there u the Church." Neander—that prinoe of eccle siastical historians, with his massive schobir ship, his mastery of faote aad principlce, his philosophical actucen, and his keen Bpicitu*l weight- afiums that it was not till Ue seooad ctntcrj that a mediating priesthood or priestly caete was hinted at as having anything to do with the constitution of the Chnreh. But-the supreme and most insuperable objection to all theories ebout the Dature of the ecotesiaatioal edifice, which would make it dependent either for its character or constitution on .the perpetual and uninterrupted appointment of any claw or kind of officials, is grounded in the fact that it is wholly desMtnte of Scriptural authority. Apostolioreco?une?datio?sabW?d for the election of elders (otherwise called bubop?) and tbe like, bnt there is no founda tion for the identification of the Church with tbe men who may be appointed to hold offioe within it. The trend of the apostolic thougbt is all in the opposite direction. Paul's defi nition, about which I would like to say something by-and-by, is the only authorita tive one. "The Church is Christ's body, the f nlness of Him that filletb all in all." In my enumeration I mentioned as a second theory what I called the Liturgical or Doctrinal one. I gave it that alternative title advisedly, because it partly partakes of both denomina tions. Speaking in general terms it is the theory which took shape at the period of the Reformation. As Melancthon puts it the church is any congregation of aunts in whioh tbe Gospel u rightly taught or the aaoramenta rightly administered, or in the words of bur owb John Knor— "Tnenstesof the trae kirk Of God are these, first the true preaching of the word of God; secondly, the right administra tion of the Eacnunente; *r-\ lastly, ecdeaias ticrf dtcdpline nprightly administered." With these propositions as such no faalt can be found. One cannot conceive of a right Ohastaaa Church in which the Gospel is not troety preached and the sacrament* rightly adminis teyd and discipline duly exeroued. Bottfanaa things are not so much constituent olonsontu ol tbe Choreh as consequences that gtov out of it and spring from it. Wherever you have a true church theee things will be found, bat not even tho. ordinances of Divine appointment themselves." -* can be said to constitute the being and escenc* of the Chnrcb. Something more profound, mote interior, more unchangeable, more spiritual is required if we wish to arrive at the root-idea, the heart principle, the speeifio distinction o f tile Chnrcb. For even such deft* nrtiong as Chrysostom's (a.d. 3?7—4?7)—? Cbrietian chnreh consists not in roof and walls, but in faith and love; or WycnnVe (IS24— 1354), tfce church consists of the community of the redeemed; or Zwingle's (1481—1511), the church is a community of men bound together by one faith and one spirit—are somewhat de fective, and need to be qualified or crowned or supplemented by the -words of St. Paul, " the Charch is Christ's body. 1* Every member of the mystical body of Christ is a member of His church. The true church consists of all those wbo are united to Ohrist; and therefore if ws would be churchmen in the Scriptural sense of that term, claiming connection not with this oc that particular branch, but with the one only true and apostolic and invisible and nuivenU Church itself it behoves as to see that we have been incorporated into the very body of Chrict, for only those spiritually ingraftedl into Him are members of His church. What then is involved in the memberahio of the body of Christ ? That is what is the Vital or Constitutional answer to the unratinn. It means in the first pi aw I thmV, g, Bawtioal recognition of the headship of Christ. To Scottish ears familiar ?jtf? t^wi *'i>nntr??fl''?g'*" of their forefathers that phrase *mhnd?i? tha principle that the Chnreh is independent of the State, possessing its own staff of officers audits own Decalogue of duties. And of course that view of the matter is true and of r??^"w?M significance. Freebora as we have been, we still prize onr liberty too dearly to part with it to Pope of Some, ox Primate of Canterbury, or Monarch of Rrurland, or even to aay Piesbyter, who is bat as a priest with the name writ large. We call so man master bat one—that is Oh**Bti Onr confession says God alone ia Lord of the conscience. Hence, theoretically at least, m chum no higher authority for tbe polity and the principles and tbe practice of onr church Sbbm these aro f ound in keeping with the laws and lordship of Christ Himself. To claim for onr aystem any thing like perfeotion would be to arrogate to-, oursetveffsn infallibility which we Tefuse to aV other*, and which we hold to be posstm? to none. All tiis antfaoitty we claim for the Presbyterian form of government. is, in the modest words of onr own exerting fcravula "tiiatitia founded on and aamuanW to tbe Word of God." Bat it is in the apm toal rather than in the eedesiasticaleenntluk . I nee tile phrase—which ao often and for so long has been bUzoned on the banner of ther oorenant—namely, the headship of Christ. By one wbo holds Christ as the Head of the Church. I understand one who in the pregnant wonli ot Bcriptere believes in Him as his Saviour. Ba has laid down the atms of his rebellion and oppo sition. He Jus divested himself of all aeK righteousness, emptied himself of all selt- BBfucfciicy. Nothnw in his band be brings.; simply to the cross be dings. Bach an one has alto accepted Christ aa ois teacher. His whole system of doctrine takes not its color only bnt its ruling features, yea its very anapa> and form, from tfe rwinainles and the praaSsea' of Chris?* life and death, With Him ?*jtuifl? wnole world of human GteratnEe and 111*!! life, detecting the toil aad-aspee?iatiiUT the gcod. Lastly, to told Ihe head?iupof tihnib u to hedaflvjmnmitling one's vharaeterto^s moulded by Him aeoonhng to Hwgood plea sure. As Lord His ?t?n??niy? U simply, and without a rival, auprame. To be redeemed, then, to be made a?ewman—to regard as true about Godawd wiaaand "" aadauvation only that wbieh expressly or by implication is o?* taiMdmtto "great bk?aphy." and to yield afasarty allqja?eetoHmenoioos sway—that is what at involved in the gwrniw anfciwwiedg- " tot of the neadsbip of Ohmt ?nstltstis? neh a man * tnamber of Gfanatit bo&y-;&? A aeooed way of putting the Butter, mg- Seated also bytte word* of tbe vpostkvis ?? faHewsr-He &'? trna mejabet jot OtmUfm dftircnfn viioni Wood, *tlssc s^ %hs 'lu%.' principle ot Christ, dreontte*.** ffae vreativ? andntotave power which makes Urn wnatin reaOyf?. XtisaweUknownplr/aielegieaUfaet flu* one and the same vital ftaMflowsteongk tiiexanalsof tbenead atod the other putt <€ tbe tody. And that isttteaadogyimsn whMh tbe apottie pftweeds when be deanea to Bate plain and pbvioas not only the approxunateMk bnt the aunitual identity tiiat snosuts between Ofcmt tbe bead and ?*&? vm&xm; tnembees ? his-body. And this is in 'perfect keeping wfth: ChtisVe own dedacation. "Sxospt-re drfa^c thefeloed of theSon of Man w have no Hfein you." Bot say Etettd imbjtetion fa cut of Vaa question. A tpmtoal int?roretatisa, thtn fore, of snch atra?gety and alxoaigly resbstin words is the only one legitimately open to a*. What is the blood of Christ t It is twe life of C?m?t—"For the blood im fee life." to qaatp. ' for t>Qrpiupoce tlw wPOidvn wlucik tsboxnw is aassgned for many of Oe aota waft Jt ?_?_ -£ llin fiMJt aT(aaAskflis?^a%aV -MaM^. OBcIUUB 01 wSe XjSu. Xo?wMQ?ut QOBUUU&rm; And does net ttis Mmaie ntasEaam harnorim mtaOaMlj wittt mow of Km deepest?>Thi£sofChrutHiinself. **Th?wa9ae> of God is He that Cometh down from Heaven and nveth life vmto the world/' "lamaou tbat they might have life;" and "He that hath tbe Son hath life." " I will-give unto them eternal life." Life then—anew, consecrated, spiritual IBe, the very lifc^ of fl?"-;'4 Han ?eU — that ia tbe lilmiinjx whioh in all its wide *ynlffyr*^"fP^<Miif **:ar* r*rmm***"wnffifittti^n He bungs with Him ana bestows apon Hni people. Hence wherever you have a heart beatuuF with pnlratinns and throbbtng; with emotions akin to those of Christ; wherever , yon find *ny tme wfco is treadrng in the. foot steuDf Jeans Christ, doing toa will of God, fulfiUir* His FatiierV behest, serving God ia man and nan in God; wherever there ia *n* snch heroic oblivion of self and tender mina fulnecs of xithera, aa Jfrt**vgTi^hiiff ? Ohriaf* life, Jtbere tiuqnrstiniislily yon have ? aslf evident member of the Church of Ghri&t; far be he without or within tbe visibla^ pale oft what we m ounnwi?domand presumptionsome times call the Chnreh, -he bis ffae very ?atne~ spiritual eiwrnectw in bis being as ehaxaeterisa we one liviDgaod glonoos Head. Of the many other ways in which the con stitution of the Chnreh aught be described, t will only, mention one. The Chnreh was in deed founded both by and upon Jetns Christ Himself, bat it may be said not to have bees folly forMedcntiltiie day of Pantoooet That fiftieth day from the Passover is memorable in theannakof Christendom as being the day onr which the Holy Spirit was shed abroad opaa the world tbronghthe apostka and early dis dples, and in that act of gracioas effusion the Cnaich of Ohrist was ratablished for all time. And what was she obvious characteristics ot that phencntenon? How did it affect those, for example, who had oompanied most closely with .Teens during his three years* tnimittryS' It found them if act cowardly at least tun* aad pottllanifl?oa?, and it permanently toaas foimed them into a band of dauntless men who dreaded neither diffieultynor danger nor death, Ficm mere little local Jews, with provincial prejudices and tribal yalnories, it ounvwted. tbeai in time into ooamopolitan "h-*it;~^. with sympathies as wide as the world, ???W' them not lees patriotic but moxohmnan. AM out ?f worldly men, full of the expeck* tif?? of material glory and fighting with eaeh otber beforehand for first plao? ia she. new kingdom, whioh aa they oradaload*. belkved was immediately to be set up bythew- Maater, it ohanged them into beings of ethereal mould atid temper, ">^*TM*w*t to eartidy honor and disgrace, looking at tbethmgaaeon. and temporal bom the standpoint of thsthinga. ucseen and eternal actuated only by the one resolve to live, and if need were to die for Chuet and His cause. What love and faith and hope, what humility and meekaaM sad patknee, what moral energy and enterpriaa tbey displayed dnring the brief spell of their future life you know as well as Z. Bat I have reminded you of these things for the purpose, of showing yon in this way what befals those. wbo are members of the body of Christ, aad who they axe that by virtue of the operation* and iiifiaenee of tbe came transforming spirit are entitled to be so called. Wherever you meet in with each apostolic phenomena as hum acd loving hearts, tenderness and truth, self forgetfulcees and self-denial, and all or any of tbe Christian virtues, there yoa have liring members of Christ's body and Qhorchmea worthy of the name, though ooaaecrated priest bas eevertoocfaed tfem, and oonseentad place basneTertee?the?. Let others boast of that form and kind of ajpoatoaoal aneaeasian wbieli is dear to them. We judge them net Bat tbe apostolical aoocesuon in whioh we believe^ and to which we are ardently desirous of be coming heire, is the original heritage of holy enthusiasm and entire eonaeczatioD aad p?? -sionato earnestness, the overmastering love of which the apostles became the honored pos- BeSBOTB, From tbe constitution or structure one nat&rally; passes to the consideration of the uses or functions of the Christian Church, for the one defines and determines the other. In general terms, then, I think we may eay that the duty of the Church ia to extend the life that is in Christ. For if Chrut oarne to give life. He came to impart it to as many as Be oooM reach. Bnt He can only reach the spirUaaOy dead through the spiritually living. Hones the nature of the obligation devolving on aU - believers. We all know about the lymph with which when a man is inoculated he has secreted in his physical hameald?dof ?aus man agai&st; certain forms of disease; or ?best the very blood itself which, yielded f com the veins of tbe strong man and transfused into those of the weak man, becomes the i?vwg of his life. So mighty and. aalntary and search ing Mid BFlf-norifieisg U the operation of the life of Christ in the aonhi upon which and within which it hu really began to operate. And like other forma of vitality the Christian life is contagious and reproductive. The leaven i of that life cannot bnt work and spread. Now ? it should be understood that the success of oar j ,-^qclesiastical machinery, with its various : (Ti^Jianoee and organisations, ii to be j B£&-nred, not by the moneya we raise, the ] dmrdbes we build, the assemblies we gather, i and the variety of the services we institute and j maintain, bat by the degree in which the life | of Cbrut flourishes in our own souls and die : souls under onr care, and oonaeqaentiy by the i degree in which that life is through them enter ing into and permeating the community. It is only another way of saying tbe ; Hue tbii>g when we affirm that the Church exists for the diffusion of the spirit of Christ first within and then without its om borders. From anj concordance you could learn—if you did not already kn-.-w—that the epiiit of Ghxut is a tpirit of consolation—of holiness—of peace and f/tnt'y, and power—of sonthip and filial confidence—of freedom and truth—of good neee and uprightness, and the like, so that the Church is failing of her purpose if ahe is not deepening and extending such dispositions aa are indicated in these words. Again, there fore, it will be seen that the amount of our progres* in to be reckoned not bo much by things extraneous and unessential to tbe life of the Church, but by the predominance in oar hearts, in onr courts, in our congregations, homes, lives, and activities of the spirit of our Lord Jtsua Chiut I {But more specifically tiie Church's vacation lies in perpetuating the work which Christ inaugurated when on earth. In a certain eente He has delegated His work to us. We are His agents and representatives. I make this asfertion became of tin intimate union alleged to eobaUt between Christ the Head and His body the members. Offices the nine ia kind thiugh not in degree devolve upon the Cburcb as urjpn the Head. There is but one vital force at work in both, and therefore effacts of a similar nature though of quite unequal magnitude most be produced by both. Some one may perhaps say—Does not such a vie a* of things seem to derogate from tbe eolitory and orjparalitledglorj'of Christ; Certainly not. The lustre of the sun is no whit dimmed because in its chemical constitution it is allied to some of the trumpery loitiies of onr own ntanufactur itg. The love of the Everlasting Father to His lost children is none tbe less beautiful, and wonderful, and Divine that it ia analogous . to the affection wbioh we imperfect parents cherish to oar own oSe^tmg. Neither is the splendor of Christ's gktnoas mission anywise tatnishrd when we say that while on the one hand He baa fTimaftlf amended up into heaven in order the better to carry it oa and out; on the other band He hu left its com pletion as a Baaed and inalienable legacy to Hh Church. "Go ye into all tbe world, lo lam with you al way.* Ia what way then do the Gospels, dee* Christ huaaeU. describe the work tbe Fatbergave Him to do? W?ili.iii to His wards—" lam come nbVto do mine own will but the will of Himthataentme." "The Bon of Man came to seek and to save that which was lacs." "laaanot ooaoe to deitroy thelawbnttornlfil it" "The Son of Man came not to bemini?tnred unto, botto minister, and to give his life a ransom for many," && SevpoauhOitMS umiJar to these lie on His Ohnroh. It is no doubt tnie.tbat all these things were done—all these purposes were accomplished in a manner incomparable and by us unattainable, and that through them the unique work of ?-?""?"?;n?tif?n was folly and finally effected. Yet it is my belief that for asmuch as the very same spirit is in us as was and ttill is in Him it is oar privilege and prerogative, according as we have ability and opponnnitj, to emulate in every way His ?plending example; enduring it need be for His sake ?ven death itself; for John says that we ought to lay down our lives for the brethren, " because Christ laid down His life for ob." To 30 about continually doing good and bearing evil—healing the sick, soothing the sorrowful, helping the needy, and saving the lost—that ia the simple and ?"Mi"" i?a?m<? of the Church of Christ. Under present arcumstanoes, however, it it not necessary that I should further eedaige oa either aspect of nry aabjeot. I mast make these seateaeeaaaffiee, too many, P"'''*ft for your time and patience, but all too few for the subject itself. I only hope that I have made apparent the fact, which doubtless every one of you knew before, that the Cfanrch is not Simece political maohmn. oreeeaauasttcal flrganfaation. or artificial structure of any kind, bat that it is a spiritual body, charged and informed in its every part with the spirit of Jesus Christ; so that if a man have but the endowment of the Holy Ghost he ia a member of the true Holy Catholic Church, thnogh every church in Christendom should condemn and ezeonramni cate him. And if that be go, what is it that the church universal, and our cburch in particular, need* tat not a fresh only but a continuous h?trti?m of the Spirit? Like other denouinatio?i, oars hav- been passing through a period of trial and difficulty daring the last few years. It has often happened in the history of the church that such seasons have been times of refreshing from the pretence of the Lord. May snch an experience be ran in the daya to come. A falling exchequer— a numerically insuffi cient ministry—* lamentable 'i*- of whole hearted devotion— a serions shirking of re- Bpoosibilitj— s*. aawdwata, striving after tbe things temporal, and a cool and quiet neglect of the things eternal—* practical disregard of the lawful authority of Christ in the per formance of the common duties of daily life— ? wantofvobesian and eo operation among our congregations alike individually ?-M collee tively—such things as these are far Ircm being reassuring. All of then are regrettable, some of than are nminwit. fiat however small oar numbers, and however feeble our resources, we shall yet weather the storm and do something to anttain the spiritual life of our ova people, and of cur fettaw- Christum all round, yea, and to extend that life to others 0 we bntdrink in ever more and[more the blood—that is the living and life giving tpirit—of Christ, for by constant com munion with Him we shall hiniaim full of m?, and thus, receiving -always out of His fatness grare upon grace, we shall show by infallible and iirefragable ptuufc the proofs of a Ohrist- Jike life—that we ace members of Gbnstfs body the Charon, tbe ftdneei of Him that fillrtb all in aB. The Ouebk of Assuror moved—"That the assemtorj'a thanks foa tenlered to tbe re tiring moderator fe? the meaner in whkh he lias discharged the duties of bis office during the past year. Bev. W. F. Mais ?^"MHI Agreed. Anapolo?y for absence was received from Mr. Thos. Mitchell Bev. J. Ltaiz. moved—"That tbe Rev. Was. Gray, the Ttipmnnary of this chnrcsi to the New Hebrides, be associated with the assembly. Agreed. The Clerk of Assembly, as convener of the tmsineas committee, presented the report. The tame was adopted on the motion of Bev. J. Ltall. seconded by Bev. B. Mitchell. The bonnets committee was appointed as ihe committee to nominate the ntantMnr com mittees of the church and report. The Olkbk of Aeskxbly moving the motion, and tbe Ear, £. Mixcbxcli seconding. The following were chosen as tbe members of the committees to oramjnn the records of Presbyteries and standing committees on the motion of tbe Cube of Aotbtslt. seconded t>y Bev. J. A. Bciot.—Records of Presbytery of Adelaide and Foreign Mission, Investment and Finance and State of lyipinn ootav tEitteen. Bev. W. S. Maoqueen and Mr. B, jucuiure; tteoaras ot .rrasbyterv of Wft?alin, and Aged and Infirm Ministers^ fund. Jbasr, ?ad Higher Cbiutuo Kftrtfistimi SfltrmnoOTi anitteee, Rev. W. F. Main sod lCr. J. Olezy; and Records of Presbytery of the Onkaparinga sad Statistic*, Home Mission, and Theolo gical Halls committees. Rev. R. Mitchell and Mr. A- Banatt. Tbe Rev. J. Ltau nn the ftUowias; notice of motion :—" *nt*?tthii *?—rmWj. rntpgniriag the great impsctsmeof ttaatssM involved in the question ot tfaa power* of tha Federal Assembly's board of mfeajons, is of opinion that tbat board afcoold for tb?ptMsnto?Bpy the position of ? bawd of arbitratua and advice, bat hope* As* en Joasriisaswps-iaay be bo enlarged a? that tbe inanaguaunt of the Foreign Mission funds of tbe nwm churches may be committed to it Tbn boors of meeting of the 6enecal As sembly were fixed-as follows:—10to 1 fore noon. 3 to 6 afternoon, and 7 o'clock erenag. Tbe Fretby tery of Belalie obtained parmis eioti to meet at tbe clou of tha p>—imt BKjftuti', the Foreign M;? y jr. n eoinmuteeat 9.45 on Wednesday, the aoed and infirm minuter*' fund committee at 9.30 oa Wednes day, tbe bietoer Christian education committee at 1 o'clock on Wednesday, uid the Pmbr tery of Adtlaida at fi o'clock on Wedneedsr. The Assembly then adjourned to meet next day at 10 am-, which having been duly in timated theaeoVnmt was dosed with prayer. "Bodsb cw laxm."—"hepgb oatteh" mtn ?Mb hmno?, txa&ioaM;, rat* wood, tetter, Mttriwnm, faorted feet, ?hflhUinTitcli, ivy prison, Bvber't toh. 838d3s ?JIHSKB aad SONS' RDOALTEWDBACn.—In |Mto^DDo(lfa.?odd?i d ,f H n;?^^£ta;hU b?T? CTMrriiMW tall ? dozen ?pedmiMu of dlffenat Ruuratoctorct; ttu prepantlon of Siader ?nd Sam UM the only one thtt proved to be reliable and oorret J Modlos to edentUle test*." Anotbei ooooootion called "Eeflned Kxtnot of Eucalyptus hu made IM ?ppeanaceeinoe. Tbltprodnot?bud, kooonUnirto Si. Oreo, foremost In causing injnrimu effect*. That sentlemao onmmnnlcatet at a m??Hn g of the Medical Society of Victoria, that a ebild living at Tikmj \ became nmet tarlomly Inrtlepoaed througn lt? nee. Is anotber case a lady atatee on theatrength of etatatory decUratJon *hat she coffered cruelly frotn the eff?atc of the same cooooction. To guard the hlfh repula tloD of onr manofaetare we feel 'wmrraatnd 1b ex. poeiii? the above faota, and darire the pnblic tc exercise nare and preoantion wheo buying.—HAXDKS ?Q4 WWt= tStweoc 