" JUNQ 'JUNGt. (FROM OlUR COR0ESPOODEPT.) The concerail ?l;aing-room entertain ment in connc:? ion with the' Church of England, a?sn i.ertised l,m your columns., came offon Tuesday night ilast and was ' a' pronounced success. The hall was filled to, its utmost: capicity, and Mr. G. Bodey,; president of:the Shire Council, occupied the chair. iJt.ivas thought by; many that 6n nccount of so many concerts taking place about the same time there would not be a full. house, 'but it' exceeded expectation;? The chairman oeened the proceedings by stating that the entertainment was in aid of the building fund, and he was pleased to see such a large ussemblage present, and trusted they would go' home 'ell pleased with the night's amusement. ' He, then called on the following to renderi.their selections :-Pianoforte solo, Mrs. Paine; song. "Rhine Wine," Mr: A. E. Godwin; duet, "Army and Navy," Mlesar?."Coandobi and J. Nl. Miller; nsog, "My-Treasures," Miss A. Graham ;song, " When Other Lips,' MIr. IR. Goode. senr.; song, " What Makes the World So Bright To-day," Miss Trevett; song. " Maid of Athens," MIr. Taylor; song, "Australia's Marching On," Mr. E. .H. Pask ; song, " Tfe Boatswain's'Story." Mr. J.N.'liller; song, "Grandmamma's Wish," Miss Meyers. Miss-Graham's rendering of: " My Treasures," was'oie of the beat of the eyening, and-tha" lady sang very.s ,eetly'! r 'Taylor .also:received. an- encore hor V Maid'ofAthens !';.The Batswain's Story,'? d " ; .'L" ..Y ? ., . esng'by Mr. J; N. Miller, received a well deserved encore; "Grandmamma's Wish," by Miss Meyers was given very nicely. indeed, she being only a child, all the more credit was due to her. All the singers, in fact, performed their parts creditably, and this finished the first portion of the evening's entertainment, when there was an interval of ten minutes. The second part consisted of a drawing.room entertainment, in which the following gentlemen took part: iessra. J. N. Miller, Goode, sen., A. E. Godwin, Pask, De Grandi, G6ode jun., and Newton,'with Miss Meyers as p;anist. This part amused the audience considerably; what with the songs and jokes, they, were kept in a constant simmer of laughter and after another interval of ten minutes, the third part, "The Haunted House" was given by the following :-Squire Brown, Mr. t. E. Hlomfray. ; Sam (smart youth), Mr. it. Goole sen; . etsy.(hourekeeper),; Mr. E. B. Hardy; gho-t, Mr. A7 E. God?lwi policeman, Mr. J. N. Miller; cabman, MIr. J. Aahivell. This was considered by the majority of the the audience to be the best part of the even ing's entertainment. Mr. Goode as Sam, the leading character, was .excellent, and that gentlemaankept:the house in fits of laughter while he was o,.n. Mr. Homtray was also very good,.taking .the 'part. of an old man splendidly. Mr. Hardy,.was also excellent, his get-up being. " inimense." DMr. Miller as a po:iceman was p.rfect. and roars' of laughter were created as he was giving his part. Mr. A. E. Godwin as ghost, and Mr. J. Ashwell as.cabman performed their parts creditably. The programme alltlirough was eiecessfully carried out without the slightest hitch, and the audience gave the performers the utmost attention, which speaks well for the place, and-they are.to be complimented for it. Great credit is dueoto Miss Meyers for the kindness aid attention which she dis played in making the drawing room enter tainment such a success, and for lending the piano.. Thanks are due also to Mrs. Meyers for her kindness in granting the hall free, and giving't'e performers all the assistance she possibly could to make it a success. At the conclusion of' the ientertainment, Mr. A. Baker, inowell chosen remarks, moved a vote of thanks to those who had taken part, Which was seconded by; Mr. J: Mirphy. After the National Anttheoi had bheei6nsig, the assom blago' dispeisede,;'well; pleased with. the evening's amusement. ;,The proceeds amoun ted ton.l4, which ,nmustbe gratifying to the I/cnsiittee of the Chsrchl of Enlanid. 