The Infant Jesus. By Mrs M. Baxteb. The four evangelists who wrote the life of Jesus upon earth had a great task before them. Except the Holy Ghost had taken them in hand and used them as His pen, it ?would never have been accomplished. The Apostle John says that if all the things were written which Jesus did, he supposes 'the world itself could not contain the bonks that should be written' (John xxi. 25,) The Spirit of God leads us into all truth, and He so ordered it that each of the evangelists should' take a certain line.' St. Matthew represents JesuB as the King. He speaks continually of the kingdom of heaven, and in the parables which he records, we hear again and again ? of ' a certain king.' He begins his Gospel with the genealogy of Jesus, not reckoning it frpm Adam, as St. Luke does, but from David the king, and ?Abraham, the priest and: king in his own person of the family of the faithful. Having related the circumstances of the birth or Jesus, and the fulfilment of Isaiah vii. 14, he goes on to tell how Jesus, even at His birth, was recognised as King. Jesus was born in Bethlehem, which means 'the house of bread.' It was fitting that He who wasr 'the Bread of life,' the living Bread ? which came down from heaven,' 'should1 be born there. He was born in the most lowly circumstances, in one of .the cavern stables which belonged to. the inn or enclosure where the guests : who had assembled for the census then being made, had pitched their teuts. and encamped for the time. There was- 'no room. for His mother and Joseph in this enclosure, and so His birth took place just where the camels andasses were tethered; ' Yet Godiiistructed the_ Magi, who came from the East, and en quired for Him as a King ; spite of all the surroundings, they asked 'of one and another, ' Where is He that is bom King of the Jews?' Born King! This is nu unusual thing, yet it was true of 'Jesus. He was born into the world as its;King.' If He is born into our hearts, He is equally born there to reign. No doubt-' the commotion was very great among'the 'crowd, at the idea that there should be an unknown King 'among thern. The king of the Jews was their promised Messiah. Some few, old Simeon and Anna, and some others with them, ' looked for redemption in Jerusalem,' but the greater number were content with things as they then were, and, no doubt, they looked upon the wise men as fanatical ,and misled in thinking'that they had found traces of the Messiah. Men in general are willing enough to hear of God at a distance ; they have no objection to hear of what He did many years ago, or to hear and take part in discussions of doctrine concerning ' Him. But to be brought face to face with God in a way which entails; personal, responsibility, which claims that they shall come in. contact with; receive' Him, and obey Him,— this is unpalatable to most men. If the King of the Jewsi.was' indeed born among them, it was their bounden duty to search Him out, to yield Him homage, and to give in their adherence to Him. This ?the Magi were ready to do, but' the world of that day shrunk from it. ' ' When Herod the king had heard these things,' : he was troubled, and jall Jerusalem-1 with him.' Troubled that God's chosen Messiah was come ? Troubled that the Son of God was come unto His own? Yes; even so. The presence of sin does not inconvenience the world, it can- get on very well with drunkenness, swearing, Sabbath-breaking, lying, gossip, etc. Worldly people will smile at these things and sometimes 'make .amock at' sin.' But when God comes- to the front, and there is some undoubted ? answer to prayer, some making bare of His arm in the conversion of one of the most depraved and wicked, then theworld begins1 ito be troubled, conscience is aroused, and it is very inconvenient to have , this quiet sleeper, who knows so many secrets, waken1 up and begin to, tell them. The Messiah in prospect was all very well, — but really amongst them! No; they would see: if it couldnot be proved untrue.-, -' If it were itrue, surely the priesthood would know', all about it, therefore, instead of examining the witnessess, those wise men who. had seen the §tar, iu ? the East, and were come , to worship, Herod called together ' the chief priests and scribes of- the, people,' and : demanded of them where Christ 'should be born. ?????.?-;? ? ? Was it not somewhat strange that, when the enquiries of the- wise men reached Jerusalem, and 'even Herod's court,- the chief- priests and scribes did not' bestir themselves to enquire if the promised .Messiah was really present (among them? What were these teachers of the 'people about?; Yet this is what we find .even in our:own day. It is the ministers and ; religious (leaders who ,are, more/ averse than. any others to examine.for themselves any experimental truth of-;God,: .which may , have, -lapsed through the,) unbelief and ?unfaithfulness of the Church. ; - But the chief priests ? and scribes , were acquainted with the,letter of the-Word,1 and they gave answer, 'In Bethlehem; of Judreaj.for thus it is, written by the iprophet,, And thou, Bethlehem, iu the, landi.of'Judah, are not the ;least among the^princes pt Judah ; for but of thee shall come a. Governor;, that shall. irule My people ,. Israel.'- Scripture confirmed the testimony of the. wise' men. ? Herod must . do . something,; t -he must take ? up the position for or against , the, infant Jung ot.the Jews. He:, chose the latter, ? and, in so doing, influenced-all Jerusalem ! It is riot marvellous rthati, when ? their own witness from the Word confirmed the wise men's testimony, the. chief !. priests, even -then, did not seek Jesus? Their indifference musthave;;eneouraged Herod in his hostility, must. have, influenced, them, and thus in; Jerusalem were Church and State allied against' . Jesus. : It must have been a marvel to, the wise- men, bent, as they were, on finding' Jesus,; in order to ; yield themselves to Him, that these;, very keepers of theScriptures.which testified of Him should have no, concern ..about; Him ! They, found: themselves, ;alqne, on; a path little itrodden., . Andyso.r-itis with all ;who wiil.i''fpilow,,(,on to,- kno.wf.rthe , Lord;'; -there: are rr, not many,) .eyen ?ofi 'Christ's) idisciples; -iwhoi , aret/w.illing. to: '(.follow ,iWhitherso.ever,,He:!goeth. ;: s : : ,?./:?; ?????.;?-' ,,,flWhen.; Herod had 'obtained the.riinfor .mation h$ needed from fthenpri'ests,-, and ;had alsp'cpme under the- (influence .': of;-the position of unconcern which they took up, he sent for the wise men, and set up! for a would-be enquirer, asking them! diligently what time the star appeared They had no object to gain by concealing anything, and, no doubt, they told him! freely all which God had revealed to thcm.| Perhaps they were cheered, and their j hopes greatly raised by the apparent! interest of the royal enquirer; per-! haps the Spirit of. God showed them; the duplicity of his conduct: we knowi not. His words were' fair enough. He! said, ' Go and search diligently lor the young child ; and when ye have found Him, brine me word again, that I may come and worship Him' also.'1 But, all the time,! murder was in his, heart. . j When the wise men had come out f romj their interview with the king, they got on' to Divine ground again. While tliey were' occupied with lungs and priests they had no guidance direct from God, but no sooner did they get away, than ' the star which they saw m the east went before them till it came and stood over whore the young child was.' In our life with, God He is icalous over us, desiring always to have the first place. Since He lias permitted that we shall hnmo Him, and hold personal intercourse with Him, He would not have! any person or thing come between Him and us. He mayjand does use and bless religious teachers, but,. after all,! every step ot our way has to be trodden with Him alone; the venture has to be upon Ilim,- the confidence placed in 'Him. Once within Sight of the Star, the wise men were at home again. We read nothing of their having joy at Herod's court or among the troubled population in Jerusalem. The ' glad tidings ot great joy' had found a welcome in their hearts, and 'when they! saw tlie star, they Tojoiced with exceeding! great joy.' When they arrived; Mary and the infant Jesus wereno longer in thestable ; they had been moved into the house. But there was nothing to be seen which betokened the birth of royalty, nothing to: impress the senses. It was the revelation of God tojtheir souls, and the confirmation of it from His written Word which made them recognise in that lowly Babe the Saviour of the world, the King of the Jews.' It was not what they felt nor what they saw which made them worship, it was their, belief in what God had said. They could, by faith, see in that Babe the Son of God, and their rightfuldnd lawful King; and they treated Him accordingly. ' When they had opened their treasures, they presented unto Him gifts ; gold, and frankincense, and myrrh' — gold to; signify His kingship, ' The kings of Tarshish of. the isles shall bring presents ; the king of Sheba and Seba shall offer gifts ' (Pa. lxxii. 10) ; incense in token that He was God ; and myrrh in token that He should die. These were faith offer ings, they told of the hearts which 'en- dured as seeing Him who is invisible ;' they saw things in the light of God. !i Feeble as was the Infant whom they saw with their eyes, their faith saw Him 'higher than the' kings of the earth,' and, no doubt, at that very time, they knew Him as Jesus who, should ' save His people from their sins.'. Is Jesus a King to us ? Is He the Buler in our hearts and thoughts ? Is He King over our words and actions ? There are in our day a large number of so-called conversions — people get a1 kind of persuasion that their . sins are forgiven, they have a certain mea sure of gratitude to God for His mercy, they like, religious meetings, and accept all in religion, which can minister to their happiness, but they have never yielded themselves up to Jesus for Him to reign over them,' and have His way with them. They lived for themselves in a worldly way i before, now they are living for themselves1 in a . religious way. Anything which touched self before their conversion, made' them angry and indignant, anything whichi touches self now makes them just as angry, !and just as indignant. They justified themselves before, they justify themselves' still . They complained of inconveniences before, they complain of inconveniences still. They had a high opinion of them selves before, they have so still. They dis posed of their time and money and strength1 as pleased themselves before, they do the1 same still, only that their tastes are changed.: Old things have not yet passed away, and; all things are not yet become new. These; are belieyerswho do not know Jesus as their King, they rule over themselves, or. they let-circumstances or people rule them, but the direct rule of Jesus they do not know.1 And yet He is willing to take the govern .ment upon His shoulders, and then there is peace which knows iio end. Self rule is' mis-rule and .the! worst kind of ? anarchy,' but to know and toiyield to the will of .God is the most perfect freedom and-the deepest joy. It makes, life quite another thing j when we recognise Jesus- as King. ;Then, whatever happens, we know He permits it, and so it .must . be right ; He could not; permit what was bad for us, and thus every, murmur is stilled, and every fear is hushed. ' Let the peace of God ride in your hearts' (Col. iii. 15). Amen.- ; , ? ', . ? The following tribute to the Queen is published in an English Society journal of very large circulation ; 'A short time ago 1 went over, to iCowes to visit a sick girlj Before leaving Iinquired of the mother if anyone had been to see her daughter! lately. ' Oh, yes', she replied, her eyes sparkling, with pleasure, ' the Queen herself has been.' ' Ineeed,' I said ; ' and what' did she do?' ' Why, she sat down by.tlW bedside, and talked to my daughter about; .^esus Christ, the loving . Saviour, and then .spoke to her out of the Scriptures, amVthen ?knelt down. and, prayed to the good Father in Heaven ;f or her,' and the poor woman added, /and without a; book sir ,V !, ? Exodus ^iiosr New ZEiLLAND1.— The s.s. Mariapoiiri (says the, Mercury of Saturday) ?which called here yesterday from!' New Zealand ports had a' full passenger list, comprising a good many New Zealand people seeking fresh fields for their enter prise. They told, at least.a good many of them, doleful tales of hard, times and general decadence in New Zealand, a scarcity of money and of work; and a wide spread disposition to sell out and clear 'away for a fresh start in other colonies. Many are watching with interest the development of the present mining excite ment' in Tasmania1, and if good.neTjvs of ?permanency in mining 'ventures reach tliem,; 'they 'are likely to troop here,' in. by Trio means inconsiderable(, numbers. ... , ,'?',',' x :,i i5',|5hbi. Cathomo;!j;Standab,d.' —.This publication for rthe»present,emonth;i is; .to ?:hand, andappears.to be a specially interest jing number,- iThe- articles-are well- written, ,ond the news' of the churches oft ai most! entertaining character ??' for all true Catholics. 