OUR OPEN COLUMN. AGNOSTICISM. SIR,-" A Christian '' and " Sigma " call for replies. As the lesser foe, I shall answer the latter first. The word " Agnostic" is of Greek origin, and signifies literally " without information, or knowledge"; as applied in the present use, it refers only to certain esoteric mysteries. Every intelligent indi- vidual understands perfectly well that it is not expressive of a general condition of nescience or ignorance. I certainly do not describe myself as a parson who does not believe anything I cannot see or hear ; nor do I believe all I see or hear, as I know well how easy it is for the ordinary senses to be deceived most utterly. But I hold it to be nothing short of immoral to believe any- thing that I have not a scientific reason for believing: I believe in my own brain be- cause i have seen brains in the heads of others, and, therefore, I have a good sound reason for believing I have a brain in my own head ; I have further no reason for dis- believing it. I believe in God, because I know that matter could not arise from nothing, and, therefore, a " Great Cause" or " God" mast have originated it ; but what originated that " Groat Cause" is to me an impenetrable mystery, as also is " He" or " It," whose voice and presence I have never realized except through His grand works of Nature, and which I much incline with the Pantheist to identify with Him. I think if " A Christian" carefully re-reads he will find that I have not discussed the Christian faith or its teachers ; all my re- marks refer to revealed religions in general. Why the ready adoption of Agnosticism by many philosophers of the ago should be addi- tional reason for caution to others I fail to perceive. He says " There is a religion that has stood the test of many centuries." Yes, so has Confucianism ; so has Brabminism ; so has also Buddhism, the most numerous of all, with its many hundreds of millions ; and so did belief in witchcraft and ghosts, for Christians burnt witches lass than a century ago. Yet, as witchcraft and ghosts have disappeared before the march of science and knowledge, so will all creeds and other super- station melt away into thin air, Christianity arose when all was darkness in tho political atmosphere of eastern civilization, and misery with the multitudes : a few great philosophers were teaching bright and glorious truths of humanity to the educated, but the lower classes were suffering under the oppression of a waning and corrupt power. Tho teach- ing of the followers of Jesus came to them with principles of love, forbearance, pity and communism, and it was gradually adopted, but as an Arian or Unitarian creed never presum- ing to the divinity of Christ- and up to the victory of Constantino at the Milvian bridge, eight-tenths of tho Church were Arians. Then the followers of the new sect commenced that series of persecutions which have only ceased as yesterday, forcing Triuitarianism upon the unwilling masses. So that like its later imitator Islamlsm, it has been through, out a religion of the sword. The early Christians wore promised safety if they ab- jured atheism, and no doubt their belief was atheism to the believers in the divinity of the sun, moon and planets. Just as does the belief of the Agnostic, who declines to accept the finite dirty believed in by the ignorant, as truly representing the Infinite Power which resides in nil things, and of which phonomens are the unexplained and inexplicable mani- festations, appear to the average Christian to be utterly atheistic. As to my opponent's definition of the word 'dogma' I think that ho applies the word in a different manner to my own. I hold that a definite ascertained and proven fact of science is not a dogma, which latter i take to be an emphatic assertion of a human speculation. Therefore I acknowledge the remark about morality to be a dogma, but it is surely a dogma that no one can controvert. Morality derives from mores, manners or customs, and we are all willing to allow, I presume, that every community creates these to supply its own wants. The word theology literally means a dis- course about God or tho study of God. Now God according to tho Anglican Church is a Being " without body, parts or passions ; while, according to " General " Booth's army He has a very tangible body, with parts and passion-a being with whom they could shake hands, if near enough. Pope says : .! All are but parts of one stupendous whole Whose body Nature is, and God the soul." " The poor Indian with untutored mind, Sees God in clouds and hears Him in the wind. . I i r Mr. H. W. Beecher said he is a dim and shadowy influence " Spinoza described Him as an " absolute substance." The anci- ent Jews described Him as Jehovah with all parts, as the Salvationist, and with very human (though not humane) and Jewish at- tributes-in fact a bloody, revengeful, vul- gar God, who is said to have written ten commandments, every one of which he broke or ordered to be broken, except the one that says " Thou shalt have none other Gods before me." He was a God originally created by the minds of Tent-Arabs, and therefore like them a robber, a ravisher and a mur- derer. The fact is, where the theologian's '. God " begins, all knowledge ends. This with honest humility the Agnostic admits ; he is the only modest theologian in the world. He does not, like many of the others, appear to be " as well acquainted with him as though he lived in the next street," nor does he, like the small-souled frigid devotee, view God as a being like himself, with cold and cruel instincts, who is going to damn all mankind, except 4 very few; or believe moreover, that they richly deserve hell and damnation. The Agnostic, in common with the creed of St. Athanasias, believes God to be incom- prehensible, yet does not deny that His creation can be known. A starving man can be grateful to an unknown benefactor. Ho is not '. one, who does not know whether there be a God or not," he has a firm belief in the great First Cause, conveniently term- ed God, but his idea of God is in accordance with the teaching of that great Nature of which God is the originator, and it may be the essence ; his God is not anthropomorphic like that of the Hebrews, but is so far above human imagination that words are made quate to any description of the ' Great Entity.' Theology cannot explain its personal! God, and science cannot solve the basis of motion ; Agnosticism steps in between then to recon- cile them and ofrer them a mutual renting place in the contemplation of the Unkowable. With knowledge, doubt increases ; the more we know, the more we discover what we do not know. The knowledge of to-morrow will be as light to dispel, though not absolutely, the darkness of to-day. The hops of Agnos ticism lies in the high training of the univer- sities, and in the development of mental science. Each new truth elcudated by science from; the great laboratory of Na- ture in the still of the human brain is to the Agnostic a further contribution to the science of existence in its all embracing magnitude. The origin of all form and development is fondly hoped by the Agnostie to become to him an open page, able to be read by all but the coming into existence of the form of natural bodies is the carliost point at which he touches the mysterious realm of the great Unknown, in the inorganic creation as taught by geology and chemistry, and in the organic creation as taught by botany, zoology and anthropology. But of tho Power that Called this double creation into activity, the Agnostic 'does not presume to speculate. Religion can be satisfactorily proved from history to have been a psyehic evolution from savage superstitions, descending down through the original Astronomical Deities and .the Pagan Pantheon ; on through the Hebrew Mengthesim, the christian Tri-god- head, in imitation of the Hindi Tri-Murti, modern Theism, and to the, inscrutable First Cause of the agostic without doubt Agnosticism existed when paul, the christ- ian saint saw at Ephesus the altar "To the Unknown God,' and at a much earlier date, when Job, in what is by far the oldest portion of the old testament, said, 'Canst thou by searching find out God Canst thou find out the Almighty co per- fection " This may not ' be * a satisfac- tory fact, I lit I [hold, it to be more so than tho belief- in an untruth and a delusive snare. I am asked, what works my awe, wonder, reverence, and for what and to whom 'i am grateful? What; supplies' 'me with 'matter for joy? I 'answer in the Words of adam lindsay Gordon Harshly break those peals of laughter From the joys aloft, can we guess what they cry after, We have heard them oft ; Perhaps some strain of rude thanksgiving Mingles in their song, Are they glad that they are living? Are they right or wrong ? Right, 'tis joy that makes them call so. Why should I they be sad? Certes ! we are living also, Shall not we be glad ? I consider the spirit of humanity, and its deeds of love, one of the most pure forms of worship possible, and that the man who feeds his starving brother, or clothes his naked sister, is engaged in an act of worship, more devout than that other man who is praying loud and long in the nearest conventicle. Submission is felt for the great power of those laws of nature which soar beyond the control of man and aspirations, rise, to reach as near as possible, that perfection of develop- ment that is believed to be the ultimate destiny of our race. I decline to adopt the principle " charity thinketh no evil," as being an immoral one ; that is to say, one not calculated to conduce to the happiness and welfare of. the people any more than is the other equally absurd one of turning the other cheek when throne has been smitten, or handing over your cloak to the thief who has stolen your coat. The Agnostic hopes and believes that Science will in due time explain natural laws to such an extent that disease will be anihil ated and life prolonged ; that happiness and joy will be the lot of the many, and not, as at present, of the few. That life will then be indeed worth living, and death be ap- proached through a natural decay in a spirit of contentment that the individual life has been able to contribute to the general happi- ness of the community, and to the benefit and comfort of posterity. The dissolving being will feel pleasure in making room for a suc- cessor in the race, while he descends to have his now useless parts elaborated afresh by the gentle hand of nature, wherewith she will build up other forms of beauty and other be- ings of usefulness and joy. But long before the phenomena of all nature have been mas- tered, I, as one Agnostio, though a-i unwor- thy sample, believe that all theology will have vanished, all creeds of ecclesiastical in- vention will be looked upon as relics of tint grosser superatiton which turned every inex- plicable mystery into a god. Then we shall have the sunshine no longer a monkory to the greater bulk of the race, and all nature shall appear to laugh to a land every indiv- vidual joyous heart of humanity, so long martyred by the oppression of crass ignor- ance. The idiot will then disappear by the more perfect development of the species, and the maniac will no longer rave in his bereft reason, the two great causes of his pitable condition-religious fanaticism and drink being removed by tho higher educat on and knowledge of the people. And finally, Sir, I should like to thank ' A Christian' for the spirit of toleration and courtesy that porvales his letter; for I re- gret to say that a freethinker expects to find a letter, with such a. nom de plum a* his, not written in the spirit of the gentle Prophet of Nazareth, but a continuous tirale of malev olence, abuse and uncharitableness, with, more frequently than not, a wilful perversion of fact wherever possible. I mist ask him to bear with me in the incompleteness of my answer, for the reason that, being a bird of passage and a stranger in the land, I have no access to books, and am therefore unable to handle his reply in the perfect manner that it deserves, I am etc.. COSMOS. 