THE FATAL THREE; A NOVEL. BY M. X. BB ADDON. Author of "Lady Audley'a Secret," "Vixen,"' " Ishmael," "Lite and Unlike," Ac., Ac. CHAPTER XL THE BEGINNHTO OF DOUBT* Enderby Church clock struok 6. They" heard every chime, Blow and dear In the summer air, as they eat in the broad shadow of the cedar, silent all three. It seemed as if the striking of the olook" were the breaking of a spelL " So late 1" exclaimed Castellani. in a cheery voice; "and I promised Mrs. Hillersdon to be back in time to drive to Bomsey for the evening service. The old Abbey Church of Bomsey, she tells me, is a thing to dream about. There is no 8 o'clock dinner at River dale on Sundays. Every one goes to Churoh somewhere, and we sup at half-past 9, and after supper there is sometimes extempore - prayer—and sometimes there are charades or dumb crambo, Celt scion. When the Prinee was there they had dumb oratnbo. Good-by. I am almost ashamed to ask if I may ever - come again, after having burdened you for snch an unconscionable time." He had the easiest air possible, and seemed totally unconscious of any embarrassment • caused by his allusions to the past; and yet in both faoeB, as he looked from one to the other, he must have seen the strongest indi cations of trouble. Mrs. Greawold murmured something to the effect that she would be glad toseeeim at any time, a speeoh obviously conventional and unmeaning. Mr. GreBwold rose hastily and acoompanied him to the hall door, where-, the cart still waited for him, the groom fixed as a statue of despondency. Mr. Caetellani was inclined to be loquacious to the last. Greewold was brief almost to incivility. He stood watching the light cart roll away, and then went slowly book to the garden and to his seat under the cedar. He seated himself there in silencet looking earnestly at his wife, whose drooping head > and fixed attitude told of deepest thought. So they sat for some minutes in dead silence,, Kassandra licking her master's pendant hand ,. as he leaned forward with his elbow on hia knee, infinitely sorry for him. Mildred was the first to break that silenoe. " George, why did you not tell me," she began in a low faltering voice, " that I was not your first wife ? What reason could there be for concealment between you and me? 1 bo trusted yon. I so loved you. Nothing you could have told would have changed me." "Dearest, there was one reason, and a., powerful one," answered George Gres wold firmly, meeting the appealing look of - her eyes with a clear and steady gaze. "My first marriage is a sad remembrance for me, full of trouble. I did not care to tell yon that miserable story, to call a dreaded ghost out of the grave of the past. My first mar riage was the one great sorrow of my life, but it was only an episode in my life. It left me as lonely as it found me. There are very few who know anything about it. I am sorry that young man should have come here to trouble us with his unnecessary reminis cences. For my own part, I cannot remem ber having ever seen hb face before." "I am sorry you should have keptsnah a aecret from me," said Mildred. "It would have been so muoh wiser to have been candid. Do you think I should not have respeoted your sad remembrances? You had only to ssy to me 'Suoh things were, but let us not talk of them ?' It would have been more manly—it would have been kinder to me." "Say tbatlwaa a ooward.if you like—that I am still a coward, where those memories are concerned," said Greswold. The look of agony in his face melted her in a moment. She threw herself on her knees beside hb chair, she and Hie dog fawning, upon him together. "Forgive me, forgive me, dearest," she pleaded, " I will never speak to you of this again. Women are so jealous—of the past most of all." " Is that all," he said; " God knows you have little need. Let ub say no more, Mildred. The past b past, neither you nor I can alter it. Memory b inexorable. God himself can not change it." "I will contrive that Mr. Castellan! shall not come here again, George, if you objeot to aee him." "Fray don't trouble yourself. I would not have suoh a worm suppose that he could' be obnoxious to me." "Tell me what you think of him," she asked, in a lighter tone, anxious to bring back the easy mood of every-day life. " He eeems very olever, and he b rather band some." " What do I think of the trumpet ash on the verandah yonder? A beautiful parasite, which will hold on anywhere in the sunshine. Mr. CaBtellani b of the same family I take it —studies hb own interests first, and ohooses his friends afterwards. He will do admirably for Biverdale." " He plavB divinely. His touch transformed my piano." "He looks the kind of man who wonld play the piano," said Greswold, with ineffable or ntempt, looking down at his own sunburnt bsndB, hardened by exposure to all weathers, broadened by handling gun and puntpole. and hy half a dozen other forms of ont-door exerciBe. " However, I have no objection to him, if he serves to amuse yon and Pamela." He Bpoke with a kind of weary indifference, as of a man who cared for very little in life ; and then he rose Blowly, took up his atiok, and strolled off to the shrubbery. Pamela appeared on the following after noon with boxes, bags, mnsio-books, raquetB, and parasols, in a proportion which gave promise of a long visit. She had asked as a tremendous favonr to be allowed to bring Box—otherwise FitzBox—her iox terrier, son of Sir Henry Mountford's Box, great grandson of Brokenhurst Joe, by that dis tinguished animal's daughter, Lyndhurst Jessie, and on the father s Bide a lineal de scendant of Mr, Mnrohison's CracknelL " I hope you won't mind very mnch," she wrote; " bnt it would be deatn to him if I Were to leave him behind. To begin with hiB brother Fitz-Cox, who hae a villainous temper, would inevitably kill him; and besides that he would pine to death at not sleeping in my room at night, which he has done ever since he was a puppy. If you will let me bring him, I will answer for bis good manners, and that he Bhall not be a trouble to any one." The descendant of Brokenhurst Joe rushed out into the garden, and made a lightning circuit of lawn and shrubberies, while his young mistress was kissing^ her Aunt Mildred, 48 she nailed her uncle's wife in the fulneBB of tier affection. "it is so very good of yon to have me, and I am bo delighted to oome!'" she said. Mildred wonld have muoh preferred that she were anywhere else, yet oould not help feeling kindly to her. She was a frank, bright-looking girl, with brown eyeB, and almoBt flaxen hair, a piquant contrast, for the hair was genuine, and carried ont in the oyebrows, which were only juBt a shade darker. Her complexion wa8 fair to trans parency, and she had just enongh soft rosy bloom to light np the delicate skin. Her nose was slightly relrousst, her mouth was a little wider than she herself approved, bnt her teeth were perfection. She had a charm ing figure of the plnmp order, bnt its plump ness was a distress to her. "Don't yon think I get horribly stoutt" she asked Mildred, when she was sitting at tea in the garden presently. "Yon may be a little stouter than yon were at sixteen, perhapB, but not at all too stout." "Oh, but I am. 1 know - it. I feel It. Don't endeavonr to spare my feelings, Aunt. It is useless. I know I am fat. Rosalind says I ought to marry; but I tell her it's absurd. How can anybody ever oare for me now I am fat ? They wonld only want my money if they asked me to marry them," oon ■eluded Pamela, clinging to the plural. " My dear Pamela, do you want ma to tell yon that yon are charming and all that yon ongbt to be ?" asked Mildred, laughing. "Ob, no, no, I don't want you to sDare my feelingB. Everybody spares one's feelings. One grows np in ignorance of the horrors in one's appearance because people will spare one'B feelings. And then one sees oneself in a strange glass—or a boy in the Btreet Bays something, and one knows the worst. I think I know the worst about myself. That is one comfort. How lovely it is here," eaid Pamela, with a sadden change of mood, ,glancing at Mildred with a little pathetio look, as she remembered the childish figure that was missing, must be for ever missing from that home picture. " 1 am ao glad to be with you," she mur mured softly, nestling up to Mildred's side, ■as they eat together on a ruBtic bench; " let •me be useful to you, let me be a companion to you, if you can, " You shall be both, dear," " How good to say that. And you won't mind Box ?" " Hot the least. If he will be amiable to HasBandra." " He will. He has been brought up among other doge. We are a very doggy family at the Hall, Would you think he was worth a hundred and fifty guineas?" asked Pamela with ill-concealed pride, as the scion of illus trious progenitors came up and put hie long, lean head in her hand, and conversed with her in a series of expressive snorts, as it were a conversational code. " I hardly know what constitutes perfec tion in a fox terrier." " Ho more do I; but I know he is perfect, He is said to be the image of Cracknel, only •better. I tremble when I think that my possession of him hangs by a thread. He might be stolen at any moment." "You muBt be careful." "Yes, I cannot be too careful. Here comes uncle George," said Pamela, rising and running to meet Mr. Greswold. " Oh, Uncle '(xeorgei bow altered you are!" She was always saying the wrong thing, after the manner of impulsive girls; and she was quick-witted enough to discover her mis take the instant after. Happily the dogs furniehed a ready diver sion. She introduced Box, and expatiated upon his grand aualities. She admired and made friends with Hassandra, and then nettled down almost as lightly as a butterfly, in spite of her plumpness, on a Japanese ■stool, to take her teacupfrom Mildred's hands. She was perfectly at her ease by this time, and told her uncle and aunt all about her siBter Bnsalind and Rosa lind's huBband, Sir Henry Mountford, whom ehe summed up lightly as a nioe -Old thing, and no end of fun. It was easy to divine from her discourse that Rainham Hall was not an especially intellectual atmo sphere, not a school of advanced thought, or ■of any other kind of thought. Pamela's talk Was of tennis, yachting, fishing, and shooting, and of the people who shared in those sports. She seemed to belong to a world in whioh nobody ever eat down exoept to eat, or atayed -indoors except under stress of weather. "1 bear you have all manner of clever Jjeople in your neighbourhood," she said by and by, having told all she had to tell about Rainham, "Have we?" asked Greswold, smiling at her intensity. author that h< __ English statesman—but almost a young man —ran Italian by birth—and very handsome. I would give worlds to see him." " It is not nnlikely yon may be gratified without giving anything," answered ber uncle. " Mr. CaBtellani was here yesterday afternoon, and threatened to repeat his visit." "Castellaml Yes, that u the name I heard. What a pretty name 1 And what is he like? Do tell me all abont him, Annt Mildred." She turned to the woman as the more likely to give her a graphic^ description. The average man is an nndeseribing animal. Mildred made an effort at self-command before she spoke. Castellani counted for but little in her recent trouble. His revelation had been an accident, and its effect entirely dissociated from him. Yet the very thonght of the man tronbled her, and the dread of -seeing him again was like a physical pain. " 1 do not know what to »ay about his appearance," she answered presently, slowly fanning herself with a great scarlet Japanese fan, pale and cool looking in her plain white gown with its black ribbons. The very pic ture of domestic peace, one would suppose, judging by externals only. " I suppose there are people who would think him handsome." "Don't yon, Aunt I" ». I do No. 1 don't like the colour of his eyes or of his hair. - They are of^that reddiBh brown which the Venetian painters are so fond of, but which always give me an idea of false hood and treachery, Mr. Castellani is a very clever man, but he 1b not a man whom I could ever trash" "How nice," oried Pamela, her face radiant with enthusiasm; " a creature with red brown hair, and eyes with a depth of false hood in them. That is just the kind of maa who might be the author of ' Nepenthe.' If you had told me he was stoat and rosy cheeked, with pepper-and-salt whiskers and a fine, benevolent head, 1 would never have opened his book again. " Yon seem to admire this ' Nepenthe' prodigiously," said her unele, looking at her with a calmly critical air. " Is it because the book is the fashion, or from yonr own un assisted appreciation of it ? I did not think you were a bookish person." " I'm not," oried Pamela. "lama mass of ignorance. I don't know anything about scienoe. 1 don't know the name of a single butterfly. £ don't know one toadstool from another. But when 1 love a. book it is a passion with me. My KeatB haa tumbled to Eieoes. My Shelley is diegraoefolly dirty. I ave read 'Nepenthe' six timeB, and I am waiting for the oheap edition, to keep it under my pillow. It has made me an AgnoB tio." " Do you know the dictionary meaning of that word ?" " I don't think I do. but I know I am an Agnostic. 'Nepenthe' has unsettled all mj old beliefs. If I had read it four years ago J should have refused to be confirmed. I am dying to know the author." " Yon like unbelievers, then?" " I adore men who dare to doabt, who are not afraid to stand apart from their fellow men." " On a bad eminence ?" "Yea, on a bad eminence. What a sweet expression. I can never understand Goethe's * Gretohen.'" "Wby not?" " How oonld she have eared for 1 Faust,' when she had the privilege of knowing Me phistopheleB ?" Pamela Eaneome had established herself in her pretty bedroom and dressing-room, and had supervised her maid while she nn paoked and arranged all her belongings before dinner time. She came down to the drawing-room at a quarter to 8 as thoroughly at her ease as if she had lived half her life at Enderby Manor. She was the kind of visitor who gives no trouble, and who dropB into the right plaoe instinctively. Mildred Ores wold felt cheered by her preeenoe in spite of that bitter and ever reourrent pang of memory whioh brought back that other image of the sweet girl-child who should have grown to womanbood under that roof, and who was lying a little way off, under the ripening berries of the mountain ash, and in the deep shadow of a century-old yew. They -were very quiet in the drawing-room after dinner, Greswold reading in a nook apart, by the light of hie own particular lamp; bie wife bending over an embroidery frame in heroorner near the piano, where 8he had her own special dwarf b<*ok-oass, and her work-basket, and the bonheur du jour, at whioh she sometimes wrote letters, her own little table scattered with old-family minia turea by Angelica Kaufmann, Cosway, and Boss—and antique watches in enamelled caBes,and boxes of poroelain and gold and silver, every one of which had its associations and its history. Every woman who liveB muoh at home has some suoh corner, where the very amoBphere is full of home thoughts. She aBked ber niece to play, and tofeo on play ing as long as Bhe liked; and Pamela pleased with the touch of the fine ocncert grand, rang the changes upon Chopin, Schumann, Raff, and Branm, choosing those compositions which least jarred npon the atmosphere of studious repoBe. Mildred's needle moved slowly, as she eat in her low chair, with her hands in the lamp light and her face in shadow, moved very slowly, and then stopped altogether, and the white hands lay idle in her lap, and the em broidery frame, with ite half-finished group of azallas, elid from her knee to the ground. She was thinking—thinking of that one snbjeot which had possessed her thoughts since yesterday afternoon ; which had kept her awake through the brief darkness of the Bummer night, and in the slow hours betwixt dawn and the entrance of the maid with the early cap oi tea which marked the beginning of the daily routine. In all those hours her thoughts bad revolved round that one theme with an intolerable recurrence. It waB of her husband's first marriage she thought, and of his motive for silence abont that marriage—that he who in the whole course of their wedded lives had been the very eoirit of single-minded candour should yet have suppressed this all-important event In hie past history was a faot in itself eo atartling and mysterious that it might well be the focus of a wife's troubled thoughts. He could] not eo have aoted without some all-sufficient reason; and what manner oi reason could that have been which had influ enced him to oonduct so entirely at varianoe with his own character! " 1 know that he is truthful, high-minded, the soul of honour," she told herself, " and yet there is a taoit falsehood in suoh a course as he has taken which eeemB hardly com patible with honour." What was there in the history of that marriage which had sealed his lips, which made it horrible to him to speak about it, even when fair dealing with the girl who was to be his wife should have constrained frank ness! Had be been cursed with a wicked wife some beautiful creature who had caught his heart in ber toils aa a cat catcheB a bird, and had won him only to betray and to dishonour him! Had she blighted his life, branded him with the shame of a forsaken husband ! And then a hideous dread floated across her mind. What if that first wife were still living—divoroed from him. Had she, Mil dred F&ustet;, severely trained in the strictest principles of the Anglican Church—taught her ereed by an aecetio who deemed divorce unchristian and an abomination, and who had always refused to many those who had been divoroed—bad she, in whose life and mind religion and duty were as one feeling and one principle, had she been trapped into a nnion with a man whose wife yet lived, and in the sight of God was yet one with him —a wife who might crawl penitent to his feet some day, and claim bim as her own again by tbe right of tears and prayers and a eonl cleansed from sin ! Suoh a sinner must have Boms hold, some olaim even to the last upon tbe man who once was her husband, who once swore to cherish her and cleave to her—of whom it had onoe been said, " And they two shall be one flesh." No, again and again no. She could not believe George Ores wold capable of such deep J dishonour as to have concealed the existence of a divoroed wife. No, the reason for -that mysterious eilence must be another reason than this. She had sinned against him it might be, and had died in her sin, nnder circumstances too sad to be told without infinite pain; and he, who had never In her experience shown him self wanting in moral courage, had in this one crisis of his life acted as the co ward aots. He had kept eilenoe where conscience should have constrained him to speak. And then the wife's vivid fancy conjured up the image of that other wife. JealouB love for the husband depicted that wife of past years as a being to be loved and remem bered until death; beautiful, fascinating, gifted with all the qualities that oharm man kind, the superior of the second wife. That poor, jealous heart ached with a siek longing to know the worst. " He can never care for , me aB he once oared for her," Mildted told herself. " She waB his first love." His firet; the first revelation of what love means to the passionate heart of youth. What a world there ie in that. Mildred re membered how a new life began for her with the awakening of her love for George Gres wold. What a strange, sweet enchantment, what an intoxicating gladness which changed and glorified the whole faoe of nature. The river, and the reedy islets, and the pollard willows, and the autumn snnset—things so simple and familiar had all taken new colours in that magioal dawn of her first love. She—that unknown woman — had been George Gres wold's first love. Mildred envied her that brief life, whose sole distinction was to have been loved by him. " Why do I imagine a mystery abont her," she argned, after long brooding. " The only secret was that he had loved her as he could never love me, and he feared to tell me as mnch lest I should refuse the remnant of a heart. It was ont of kindness to me that he kept silence. It would have pained me too mnoh to know how she had been loved." . She knew that her hnaband was a man of exceeding sensitiveness; she knew him cap able of almost womanlike delicacy, intense fern: of wounding other people's feelings. Was it altogether unnatural that such a man should have held back the history ot his first marriage, with its passionate love, its heart broken ending, from the enthusiastic girl who had given him all her heart, and to whom he conld give so little in return ? ' " He may have eeen how I adored him, and ma; have married me half ont of pity, she said to herself finally, with unspeakable bitterness. Yet if this were so oould they have been so happy together, so completely united—save in that one secret of the past, that one dark regret whioh bad revealed iteelf from time to time in an agonising dream. He had walked that dark labyrinth of sleep alone with his Borrow; there she could not follow him. She remembered the awful sound of thoBe broken sentenees—spoken to shadows in a land of shadow. She remembered how acutely she bad felt his remoteness as he eat up in bed, pale as death, his eyes open and fixed, his lips muttering. He and the dead were face to faoe in the hails of the past. She had no part in bia life or in his memory. 