A HARP OF A THOUSAND STRINGS.- A HARD SHELL BAPTIST SERMON. [This characteristic bffusion first appoared in a Now Orleans paper. It is a waif worthy of preservation. The locality is supposed to bo at a village on the bank of tho Mississippi Rivor, whither tho volunteer parson had brought his flat boat for tho purpose of trado 1 1 I may say to you, my brothring, that I am not an edicated man, an' I am not ono of them ai beliovce that odication is necessary for a Gospel minister, for I bolieve tho Lord edicatos his preachers jest as ho wants 'om to bo edicatod : an' although I way it thvt oughtu't to say it, yot in tho state of lndianny, wliar 1 livo, thar's uo man gets bigger cougregations nor wat I got3. Thar may bo some horo to-day, ray brothring, as don't know what porsuasion I a.auv. Well, I must say to you, my'brethriug, that I'm a Hardshell Bap tist. Thar's somo folks as don't liko the Hard Shell Baptists, b it I'd rathorhave a hard sholl as no shell at all. You soo mo horo to-day, ray brothring dressed up in fino clothes; you mout think I was proud, but I am not proud, my brothring, and al though I've boen a preacher of tho Gospol for twonty years, an' although J'm eaptain of tho llatboat that lies at yoar landing, I'm not proud my brothring. I'm jiotgwino to toll edzactly whar my tox may bo found; suffice to say, it's iu tho lods of tho Biblo, nnd you'll find it aoraewhar between tho first chapter of tho book of Generations, and tho last chapter of tho book of Revolutions, and of you'll go and search tho Scriptiiros, you'll not only find my tox thar, but a groat many othor toxes as will do you good to read, and my tex, whon you shall find it, you shall iiud it to road thus: — * 'And ho playod on a harp of a thousand strings — sporits uv just men mado porfock.' My tox, my brothring, loads mo to spoak of sperits. Now, thar's a good many kinds of sperits in tho world — in tho fuss placo, thar's tho sperits as ?/fomo folks call ghosts, aud thar's tho sporits of tur poutiuo, nnd thar's tho sporits as somo folks call liquor, an' 1'vogot as good an arlikel of thom kind of sporits on my flatboat as over- was fotrh:down the Mississipi rivor; but thar's a great many of othor kind of sperits for tho toxt says, ' He played on a harp uv a t-h-o-u-s-utid string?, oporits of jest mon | mado porfock.' But I'll tell you tho kind uv sporits ns is mont in I tho tex, is nun. That's tho kind of sporit as is mont iu tho tox my brothring. Now, thar's a great many kinds of firo in tho world. In tho fu;s placo there's tho common sort of liro you light, your cigar or pipo with, and thon thar's foxfiro and camfirc, liro before your ready, and firo aud fall back, and many othor kinds uv fire, tor tho tex says, ' Jlo playrd on tho harp uv a thousand strings, sporits of jost men mado porfock.' But I'll toll you tho kind of firo as. is meant in tox, my brothring — it's inxl nun I and that's tho kind of firo as a groat many uv you'll -'omo to, of you don't do hotter nor what you havo beon doin' — for 'Ho playod on the harp uv a thousand strings, sporits of jost men mado porfcok.' No»v, tho different soita of firo in tho world may b.o -likened unto tho different persuasions of Christians in tho world. In tho first placo \»o have thu Pisea pulionp, an' thej are a high Miilin' and hi^h-taluUn' sot, and they may bo likouod unto a turkey buzzard, that, ilios up int.u tho air, and ho goes up and up, and up, till ho looks no bigger than your finger nail, and tho fust thing you know hu rums down, and down, and down, and is a liilin' himself on tho karkiss of a doud boss by the side of tho road, anil 'Ho played oh tho harp uv a thousand strings, sporits of just mon mado porfock.' And thon Lhar's thi» MotbodUt, and thoy may bo likened unto tho squirrel running up into a tree, ior tho Methodist beleovos iu gwiuo ou from ono dogroo of graco to another, and finally on to perfection, and the squirrel goo-t up, and up, and up, and uj-, and ho jump* from limb to limb; and branch t brunch, and tho fast thing von know ho falls, and down he cuius koi-fluniix, and tint's liko tho Muthodis, for they ia ailors fallow from grace, all I and ' ile played on a harp uv a thousand strings, sporits uv jest men mado porfecki' And thon, my brothring, thar's tho Baptist, ah ! md thoy havo boon likened unto a * po»*uiu on a ?dmmon tieo, and thunders may roll and tho earth may quake, l-ut that 'possum clings thar still ah I and ^ou nny shako all i'eot loose, and ho laps his ?tail around tho limb, and clings, and ho clings for over, for -'llo played on tho harp uv a thousand strings, spot-its of jest ni:m made porfcck.' 