TWO KINDS OF COURAGE. ' Indifference to danger is not always the form of courage which should entitle its possessor to the highest credit. It is_ a negative virtue as compared -with the quality which enables one to perform a dangerous duty while realising the fall measure of the peril encountered. These two traits are best illustrated by the old story of the two soldiers whose regiment was charging up a mil in a.aesperaie attempt 10 capture a, battery. When half-way up, one of them turned to the other and said, ' Why, you're as pale as a sheet ;'you look likVa'ghost; I believe you're afraid.' * Yes, I am,' was the answer ; ' and if you were half as much afraid as I am, you'd have run long ago/ It is something higher than physical courage, it is a species of moral courage, which recognises the. danger and yet overmasters the sense of fear.-' When the famous mine in front of Petersburg had been completed, and the National troops drawn up ready to charge the enemy's works aB eoon as the mine had done its work in creating a breach, the signal was given just before daylight, the fuse was lighted, and the command stood waiting with intense anxiety for the explosion which %a6^to follow. But seconds, then minutes, then tens of minutes passed, and still no sound from the mine. The suspense became painful, and the gloom of disappointment overspread the anxious faces of officers and men. The fuse had been spliced about midway.' It was now thought that there was a defect in the splice, and that it was at this point that the fuse was hanging fire. The day was breaking, the enemy was becoming alert at sight of our unmasked columns, there was not a moment to be lost. Lieutenant Dooghty and Sergeant Rees, of the 48th Pennsylvania infantry, now volunteered to examine the fuse. They entered the long dark gallery which led to the mine, and without stopping to calculate the chances of life, calmly exposed themselves to one of the most horrible forms of death. With no excitement to lend them its intoxication, with nothing to divert their minds from the fate which seemed to await them, they followed the course of the fuse through the long subterranean passage, found the defect at which the spark had been arrested, and made a new splice. On their return the match was again applied, and the train was now prompt to do its deadly work. These men displayed even a higher order of courage than those who afterwards charged into the breach. — Century. 