THE MELBOURNE SHAKS- PEARE SOCIETY. The monthly meeting of the Melbourne Shakspeare Society was held on Friday night in the City hall, the building over the City Bank, at the corner ot Collins street and LIi-abeth street lhere was a fairly good attendance, although the rain which had pre vailed during the day, mid which seemed not unlikely to continue into the evening, no doubt deterred many from being present. The President (Dr. Neild) occupied the chair, and moat of the committee were on the Elutform 'Hie general opinion appeared to e that the change of quarters was not quite for the beat, the lighting of the room especi ally being the reverse of satisfactoo The HON SECRETVRY read a letter from the Shakapeare Society of New York, inviting members to be present at the annual meet nig m that city, and calling attention to a new edition of Shakapeare, to be called the ' Bankside edition, ' to be published in 20 parts, the cost of winch would be about ¿IO In accordance with the decision of the committee the first part of the business was devoted to a sort of cou vet sa_ioiie entitled "ahiikspearian Notes lor General Circula tion,* the object of which was set forth ns follows - " It la proposed to Inaugurato, as a regular part ot tho programme of each Lenora! -utietinj,, tho rondin,, of nutoa on Shakspcart-u topio. or questions o i bha--uca..an dittlcul-U.-, It la hoped that manv m inbor-, who do not caro to prop.ro olaboratu pi[ crs tor discussion, will tako pan In this brauch ot tim work, tho notes can bu read by tim writer, or hanucd to tho Btcrot-rj ' In response to this intimation there were several queries put forward, the first of which related to a passa"e in ' the Tem peat, act J scene 1 - ' I forget, Dut tho aw cot thoughts do ov cn nfro-h my labours, -lost busylc-s when 1 do it Mr. Way roplied ingeniously and analyti cully to the query, and thought tbut the word "bus)leas' should be "bus) least ' us better expressing the contentment felt b) 1 erdtnand in bia enforced labour. Miss Rusden next started the inquiry ns to wh), in the ghost scene, Hamlet should ni dnlge in jocular remarks, his mind, the while, being in a coudittoti of agitated terror. Mr. James Smith, Mr. Phillips, nnd the pre sident gave a psychological explanation ot the apparent incongruity. Mr. JAMES SMITH read a brief note referring to certain Indian customs to which somo passages in Shakapeare appeared to have relerence, deducing therefiom that the know ledge of these oustoms had been supplied to lum by voyagers who had extended their researches to tho East even at that epoch 'Hie HON SLCR-T.RY expressed a fervent hope tbut queries ot this kind would be come a. regular pnrt of the business ot the meetings He drew attention to the infre queue)-with which the booka in the librar) of the society were consulted, and made par ttculur mention of nn American serial, cn titled " Shakapeariana, ' published in Piula delphia, which contained ii great deal of most interesting matter He also alluded to the pri/o examination fund, und urged the de etrubility ot its support A conversation followed upon the uti suitability ot the new quarters and it was eventual!) decided to leave it to the com nnttee to make such arrangements as might seem to them to be desirable. 'I he PiiEsinrvT mentioned that Mr. F. W. Haddon had kindly forwarded a copy of the photo lithographic reproduction ot the 1 bi- folio ns an exhibit and had, incidental!), suggested the exhibition of bool.B, pictures, and othpr articles of Sbiikspeanan Interest at tho meetings lho president Bhowed a com panton volume to Mr Haddon a, being the copy which was presented to Walter Mont- gomery 19 years ugo Much interest was shown in the examination ot these works. Mr. John H. Shaw then read a "lee taretto ' on " Shokspeare a Idea in ' Macbeth ' and ' Hamlet " 'Hie paper, althout,h poa sessing n good deni of interest, was ton long for the occasion, and the author was obliged to conclude before he bad arru ed at the end, and there was necessaril) -the hour being late-no discussion It waa felt that m future, it would be well to maintain the rule of the society that no paper shall exceed a quarter of un hour lu length in the deliver) '1 he next meeting will be held on the Oth of July, mid it is intended that it shall be a musical occasion 