wUit an inm.r, Is the wife of a pasha a masha ? A stitch in one's side never seams good, A pretty little grass-widow looks best in a lawn dress. Filing newspapers don't make 'em any sharper. " On-nesty is the best policy," as the set ting hen remarked. "A beetle can draw twenty times its own weight." So can a mustard plaster. A count'y paper contains the following satisfactory announcement: " A number of' deaths are unavoidably postponed." A cynical old bachelor says that "lovers are like armies; they get along well enough till the engagement begins." You never hear the bee complain, Nor hear it Weep nor wail; But if it wish it can unfold A very painful tail. Teacher: " What advantage had the old Greeks over us, Hans?" Hans (drawing a long breath) : ' They did not have to learn Greek." The man who tried to get up a concert with the band of a hat is the same genius who, a few days since, played upon the affections of a young lady. Mr. Conningwell (who is doing a little shopping for Mrs. C.): ",Where's the glove department, young man?" Flror-walker : "Gents'?" Mr. Conningwell: "No ;ladies." Rev.: "And you're quite sure, doctor, I'm perfectly sound and well ? " Dr.:" I tell you, s:r, you couldn'tbe better." Rev.: "I'm sorry for that. I don't see how I can work that ocean trip with my congre gation." Old lady (to grocer): "My daughter is quite an invalid, sir, and wants some nice fresh eggs." Grocer: "Yes, ma'am. (To boy.) James, show this lady those invalid eggs." " You have a brother, then, sir !" "Yes, madame." "Only one?" "Yes, madame." "Strange! I just asked your sister the same question, and she replied that she had two." A.searcher after truth wants to know why it is, with so many negroes dying, nobody ever sees a black ghost. "A baby is a poem," says a gifted writer. Yeth 'um; so 'tis. Makes the father talk in blank verse though, sometimes. Magist, ate (to witness) "Do you know the nature of an oath, Uncle Rastus ?" Uncle Rastus: " I reckon I does, yo' honor. I'se owned a balky mule for foah. teen yeah." It is sad, yet true, that we didn't have even an invitation to the leap-year party the other night, and we have made up our mind to enjoy the p'easures of single life for an other year at least. No girl need apply. Such is the violence of the equinoxial gales that during their prevalence tilts very often become projectihks. Magistrate (to plaintiff with lump on his head): "If your wife threw a flat-iron at you, why didn't you dodge?" Plaintiff : "I did, your honour, and that's how I came.to get bhit." Rejoice good friend, you're not a .Roman, And count your privilege as great; For well we know in these days no map Would have Fratience to writp MiDCCCL.XXVII. . Wife (to unhappy husband) : "Iwouldn't worry, John; it doesn't do any good to bor row trouble." Husband : ' Borrow trouble? Great Crlsar ! my dear, I ain't borrowing trouble; I've got it to lend." " Dear me!" said the little; boy, after intellectual suasion had failed, sand they had spanked him fbr the first time, " if I had had the slightest suspicion that the ,resultant sensation was so poigrant, I should never have invited the experiment." It is a paradox that of all shoes a felt shoe is least felt. Any fcol can ask conundrums, but it' takes a wise man not to try to answer them. "My subject is rapidly drawing to a clothes," as the nocturnal tramp observed while deft'y lifting the last shirt from the line. " What a picturesque little cottage! A veritable Swiss chalet." "A Swiss shall he, do you call it? To my mind it's more like an Irish shan't he." Deacon Wil liams-"BrudderJones,how did Serson come outen de trial ?" Brother Jones "De Jedyc done give 'im two munfs in jaynl." Deacon Williams-"'Peaire ter me like as if you oughter be pow'ful thankful. He got off mighty light, he did." Brother Jones "'Twarn't s'light's you seem ter think. Dey's a.gwinter hang 'im when de two munfs is UP!.' 