? « ? BY THE LAKE OF ALEXANDUEV.i. No L By H. Stonbhewer Cooper, Author of tl Coral Lands of the Pacific,' ' The Last Heir of Cray wood.' ' Fiji,'' ** Oar New Colony,' and Joint Aut^r of «« The Highlands of Cantabria,' the ' Year Book of New Zealand, 1887, ' etc., etc. When circumstances and the Reeva landed meat Pott Victor I was not long in learning the exact whereabouts of Point McL?ay, the head quarters of the Mission to the real natives of Australia, and especially to that remnant of them which still exists by the Lakes Alexandria and Albert, and by the dreary sand-bound waters of the ninety-mile Coorong. When the time schedules of the Sirathalbyn and Victor Harbor railway are amended, tlie eight o'clock a,m. train from the latter place will go as far as the Argus publishing town at least. It should, as a matter of fact, go on to and connect at Mount Barker Junction with an Adelaide train, and the 1 o'clock mail from Port Victor start an hour or so later. At present people at the latter piace get their letters a little after noon, and if they are at all anxious to be quick and business- like in their cor respondence they have to post their replies before 12.45. Even the active busy people of Port Victor cannot always accomplish this feat, and therefore longer time should be given them as soon as may be. The ?staiiou' at Sandergrove, where you change carriages for Milang, is exquisitely ventilated, and that is its chief and per haps only charm. The district around it is □ot overbuilt -some five cottage* being all that are visible, and the four winds ot heaven work their own sweet will on that devoted mound is the track middle they call « Sandergrove Junction.' A Govern ment ladder, for it boasts the broad arrow —but somewhat the wcrse for wear— is placed alongside the mound, and you can sit on that if you like j but neither for man nor beast is their any shelter at this place, where you have often to wait some ten or twenty minutes, in the glare of a too powerful sun, on other days facing that class of ice-cold wiud which cuts you in two. ? 'Tis weary wailing here ' (as Father Faber sung in the ? Pilgrims of the night') was my comment on Sandergrove, and I feit right glad as the Milang train steamed in. fou are not long in reaching the historical spot, which if out West, whr-re ' the mighty Missouri runs down to the sea,' would most assuredly be called Landseer ville, for the euu and shadow nf that nime aboundeth wheresoever vou tnav go. In fact it may be argue j in ibis way : Miiang means Mr. Laadseer, and Mr. LantUeer means Milar-g— but it you go to Milang, vou cease to be a iuudseer, because of Lake Alexandrina which spreads right out before you, some 16 mites wide and 30 odd miles long. Unless in fact you are a seer in which case distance is no object — but this kind of thing is getting hopelessly mixed and must be peremptorily stopped. The Milang Pier Hotel is a comfortable realiup place, and its windows command a fine view of the Lake, which in fact is a smaJl inland sea of fresh water. Host Uauldersione boasts a dog and a good one (for the dog is rich, and all rich people are good), who is a capitalist, and In my varied experience is the only canine opera tor in minine stocks. I- nepma thm « Mister * — that is his baptismal name, but he answers to the cognomen of Roger, with a graceful winsomeness that is sweetly his own, begs of the passerby coppers for himself. These donations of the faithful he carefully secretes, and after Mr. Baulderetone had had the thrifty animal some six months he oame upon his hoard of copper, and found that it amounted to nearly twenty pounds sterling of Her Majesty's money. Thereupon this amount was honestly invested in a mining syndi cate, which mirobile dictu turned out trumps, therefore behold in the four-footed hanger-on at Mr. Baulderstoae's Hotel a dog as rich as ' Crams/ and a black-haired quadruped a leader in finance, And it is just as it should be, good reader, because the dog lives in Landseerville, and if Landseer (the R.A.) was not famous for his inimitable dogs, for what Is he world renowned ? Landseer the Acadamecian has painted for all time colley dogs and jolly dogs, dogs rejoicing, dogs suffering, dogs having their day, and dogs . whose days are ending, but it was destined for Land seerville, by the shores of Luke Alexan drina, South Australia, to give to this marrel-ful age a ' friend of man '' interested in silver booms and a * bull on the. market.* When the great animal painter just referred to t.aked Bi-hop Wilberforce of Oxford, often known as * Soapy Sam,' when he intended to sit for his portrait, the winy prelate replied, * Sir, is thy ser vant a dog that he should do this thing ?' and now when the non-speculative . inhabi tant of Milang is earnestly invited to invest his all in the ' Hccuspocua Electroplated Mines, Limited,' he uses the answer of the ecclesiastic whose fame was only excelled by that of his anti- slavery father. It is vary evident, however, that if I proceed in this fashion and get into disquisitions on the ways of 'corner ' -dogs and their investments, and the general tone of their operations on the money market — which as some say is always 'going to them,' that particular bit of water mentioned before will never be crossed, and Point McLeay not hear my footfall ere the sun sinks low. To be perfectly candid, friendly critic, I a aa possessed as X write with an indefinable longing for the most desultory jottings. There ate limes when theg trained intelli gence of the ever active man longs with an intense longing for blue books to dissect, and for acres of statistics to unravel and uake clear to the very dullest clown who ever graced the earth. There are times when the soariag mind is aided by the promptings of the soul, and listens hope fully to her whispers in this dreary-time life valley, that eternity is made for man, and it shall be graced with what we never can get here, the perfection of love, the perfection of beauty, and the perfection of knowledge. And in this spirit, and when you give free rein to thoughts of what is behind the eternal silence — and the time value of the groping labor in the dim twilight of time ; you gird on your armor, so to speak, put your lance in rest, feel willing nay anxious to go forth and do or dare something however little for the common weal. And the horror of it alt is, that I do not fee! at all like this to-day. I am exceedingly sorry, but ic is a fact nevertheless. Without result I keep repeating to myself ' Not in vain the distant beacons, Forward, forward let us range.' Then I try the other lines, 'For the right that want assistance Gainst the wrong that wants resistance For the future in the distance. For the good that we can do.' After repe&iing; these lines again — I first read them not far from where iadefatigabie M. Let-Sdps is making *a future in the dis tanee,' for Polynesia by means of his Panama Canal — I simulate a ghost of energy and agree in a languid manner, much after the prucrastiuating fashion of the Spanish manana, or the Fijian malua, that those last quutsii lines just express my sriitiinents. It, hi- «v ever, 1 am to jadge from the ail crushing idleness thai per vade- my being to-day, any good that I can do *il be very much in the futu.e. At any rate tUe Aiexandrina steam packet Di-uatcti won't wait for me any more, and it I -uust dream on in 1 ?tus-lik^ fasuion it shall be on buurd tnat stout Milang bui.t batter oi tiis duck covered fres.j water. The Lake called after the second natn? of Her Majesty, 'jecause all ov^-r the Empire, -tud Uey»iid its limits, the world had been ?Victurirt'd* to death, i«, as I have aaid, a splendid inland sea of some 30 u-iles by 16 and ita attractions for ducks and wild fowl have no parallel in my tnaaiory. At limes a-res of the water surface sre black with this fine game foud. Black and musk ducks, teal and widpem, ponkarte, as the dear natives call them, wood duck, and tue exquisitely plumed and coloured moun tain duck eimpiy swarm on the broad reser voir, fed by the stream of the great Murray. In bJugUiid there is a scDuol ot poets called ihat of the lakesiJe, men wtioae high aspirations and practical ideas were nur tured by the ideal scenery of Windermere Grasmere, and Borrodaile. At present there is to my knowledge no gifted Tenny son to be, either at Milang or at Point McLeay, though at the latter place I have seen in Mr. Taplin's family some very promising young artists. If there was a local poet ho would sing of the will /owi sport and the fishing, and he should aim at being a Nimrod in verse. He would have plenty of theme as it were. Four tons weight of teal and duck were lately carried on one occasion by the Dispatch, and ever-hungry Adelaide devoured the lot. In the States they * can' a good deal ot game as well as beef, but not until the population of Australia is more in accor dance with its gignatic size will turning to profitable account all her resources he sya ematically accomplished. What is done in three years in the U .ited States takes thirty in Australia. The progress may be exceedingly sure, but it is terribly slow for the last decade of the nineteenth century. At a jetty oppo-ite the light house of Point Malcolm on the entrance of the channel which leads to Lake Albert we landed at a Government jetty. I was told it was a Government jetty before I landed. I waa quite certain of it when I had counted two largo holes, two danger ously split planks Bl'd two gone altogether. If some kind but eccentric uerann, with a taste for hospital lite, would only go and break his leg badly n tbat jetty and bring a swinging action for damages, then they will mend that wooJ^n pier, but not before. A pleasant dnve in Mr. Taplin'a baugy of a li i He over three mi lea brought me to Poi.t ilcLeay at last, and us tue aooriginal station came in v.i»w tbe listless idleness of the tore and afternoon waa exchanged for intelligent enquiry which ied to sympathetic interest. Not the bast loco motive in tbe world, nor the smartest mail steamer either gets up sienm without a little preparation, oh, friendly critics of laziness. In Mr. VVybert Reeve's most interesting articles in the Australasian he declares that he is no particular friend of any human being who dislikes horses and dog*, the latter especially. In love of dogs I yield to no one, but, without any sickly sentimental drivel of tbe Exeter Hall School as it was, I am a firm believer in the rights of the aboriginal races, wheresoever they may be found. To protec the remnant of the colored people, who once had Australia for their birthright, I owe to be a eacrad duty on the part of their conquerors. To a very great extent this duty is most thoroughly carried out at Point McLeay under the very able assistance of Mr. F. W. Taplin, who seems to throw the same untiring energy into his work a3 was, I understand the characteristic of his father, the editor of the ' Aboriginal Folk Lore.' There is no pauperism at Point McLeay, the able-bodied residents well earned their living, and as far as circumstances would allow—the weather was exceptionally wet — *ere all the time hard at work on the firm at eutting 8 new road through a hill, house building, and the like. These native people taken in hand young can be made much more of than we think. In torn taiog« tber «re rery ? dull and in others very clever. The last' descendants of- tbe famous Narrinyeri tribe which from beyond; Wellington to the Murray to Kingston on one side and Rosetta Head on tbe other controlled in the old days that part of Australia are well looked after at Point nlcLeay, and if tbe Society which initiated theMisdoD had only more f undB to increase their scope more good would be done. Mora eemi civilUed savages in their old age would be kept from being wandering nuisances to the community, and more of the yonthful blacks would be educated on a sound basis, so as in years to come, if their lives are spared, to be able to bear witness to the fact that the mighty conquerors of their race in the very flush of their great triumph never quite forgot the duty of the strong man to th«s weak. In regard to the amelioration of the blackfeilow, and the education of the young, the good Benedic tines' at Sabiaco (West Australia) are doing splendid service, and I may later on give some account of that establishment. Mr. Taplin, determined to let the Mission Station at Point MacLeay march with the times, is about to introduce irrigation work, and to systematically cultivate among many other things chicory, find that others may learn a wrinkle or two as to this I just subjoin the following : — On the Adel aide market green chicory is worth £7 per ton, and dried chicory £10 a ton. With good seed it should be possible to get at least 10 to 12 tons per acre. Tbe seed is sown 'in September, and the crop is ready about February or March, The irrigation plans lot Mr. Taplin will affect some 20 acre?, and the water will be pumped up some 30 feet by means of a 8 h.p. engine. Some new cottages for native residents by natives. They are substantial affairs of stone and cement, with a thatched roof. The size of the room is 17 x 10, by 8 feet high. There is a door, window, and ven tilator, and the cost of the lot is only £16. I question whether cheaper house-holding can be found anywhere. Of the stories about thess dusky aboriginals much might be said. They are sarcastic to a fault. One day a gentleman from Adelaide staying at Point MacLeay was asked by a native to get hi on, as a present, a good gun or dog when next he went to the ' city of the churches.' The gentleman did not see his way to this expenditure, and told the wily aboriginal as much, The letter's comment on the refusal was startling. ' * You drive bullocks Adelaide, eh ?' or words to that effect. _ On another occasion a gentleman was riding when be was accoBted by three mendicant blacks (this was in Victoria) who aaked him for a 'chilling.' * No money about me' said tbe equestuain. ' Baccy ?' * Never smoke,' said the rider. « Ah,1 said the disgusted child of nature, ' no chilling, no baccy, yoa walk about fellow you. Where you steal that horse, eh ?' That was pretty good was it not, and so was the retort of one native to another whom he had asked foi some money due. ' My money all in Bank.' said the dunned one. * Yes,' said the other, ' all in that one Bank,' pointing to the public-house opposite where they were talking. I do not think the legend of the Gipp9land blacks anent toe deluge obtains among the Narrinyeri of the Murray Mouth, but it is worth record ing. One upon a lime, just before in era iu which Noah went into the business, there was a terrible drought out Gippaland way in Australia. The fishes especially bad a bad litne of it. All the water from the lakes, rivers, and creeks had been swallowed up by a gigantic frog, who was a jumping reservoir whose capacity was enormous. All the animals, including the birds and fishes, had 8 solemn conclave to find out what was best to be done under this frog deprivation of water business. After much discussion it was agreed that if that watHr-encuuibered frog could only be induced to laugh he would burst his sides and out would come the desired water. Shortly after war Is, therefore, all the animals passed before the water monopolist, and they exhibi ed before him the most grotesque antics ; but still the frog laughed not. He viewed the comically-minded procession with a gloomy frown. At last however, when the eel stood up on its tail and danced a merry dance, the frog laughed so long and so heartily toat his sides were burst, and so stupendous was his water 'Supply that moEt of the blacks present would have been drowned had not an enterprising 'passenger agent* been about with a canoe. If there is not genuine humour in the foregoing I am no judge of that qualtity. 