OUR NOVEL. THE LADIES' GáLLEBY. A NOVEL. BY JUSTIN M cC A ET H Y, M.P AND MRS. CAMPBELL PÈÀED. CHAPTER X-Continued. * There's ono thing I often think of. ! waa the last time we ever saw each oth< -the'last time I heard him speak. I ha> dreai^6d it over and over, and waken« np with terror that he might eome back the feeling 1 had at the time. And thc the réiupne or now ! Oh, yon can't nnde: stand ! He was ordered suddenly off i . inspect a pearl fishery on the norther coast. It turned out that the Minist« suspected something, and wanted to g< him away and take him by surprise. H came to tell me, and to say good by. H was excited. I thought he had bee drinking. I don't think now he had just then. He told rae that de had gi some secret information about the pea: fishery, and that ho was going to make hi fortune and to set everything straight, remember he said that two or three ti mei He was going to put everything straigh He showed me a great pearl, and said i was for me, and he meant to .send it i once to Sydney and have it set in a rinj I hated^ftrnieo, I couldn't bear to take Eresent from him. I t >ld him he ha< etter -»eli it and pay his debts. I sal bitter things-thing* that are alway coming back to rue. He left mo with curse. Sometimes I wonder whether tbs curse is going to follow me all my lift Tony told you what happened. He wa arrested. I never saw him again. I wen back at once to my father. Long aftei wards, the pearl was sent to me by jeweller in Sydney. It was set in a ring He-^my husband-had given it to som one to take down-some one on board th steamer that was taking him north ; i must have been just after he left me. Tha friend of his had found me out, though rn, father got moved from Sydney to an out of-the-way place, so that Imightbet-.ut ol from the associations. Getting that pear hurt me-more than anything. It mad me sorry.' Ransom glanced instinctively at he hands, one of them in hts own, and tin other resting on the rail. Ho had oftei noticed them, and that they were bare o ornament save for the weddiug-riog. ' f have never wora it,' she said simply ' I kept it because'--she seemed to. spea! with difficulty-* I thought that perhaps when he comes out he will have no money He has to serve a long term. It will be i long time yet. But whan he is free-J cannot see hw face again. Nothing-nc one-shall force mo bick to him. But the pearl belongs to him. It might save him from want.'" There was alon? pause. Briusom still held her hand. His touch was more elo- quent than any words. ' By-and-by he said abruptly * You have heard nothing of him "r" ' No. He is in a different colony, yon know, and' we were moved. I didn't want to give any clue. I hare had a terror always-though I hardly know of what. Not that he would look for me. I had one letter from him-since. It was after his trial and sentence. He said that he didn't mean to trouble me ia .all his life again-if he ever got out.' There yes another long silence. She took hartland away ; and it seemed to him as tho«gh his were desolate again, and all the barriers raised one? more which kept them asunder. He remembered with an oppressive.overwhelming consc iousness that she did not love him ; that his passion of pity and tenderness was no more to her than the sympathy of & friend who had placed her by his persistence under a sort of moral obligation that was painful to her. And »ow she had told her story-had shown ShejjseiW in, she fancied, the most nnwehjjomelight ; and lur duty was di6 charged,jtfid he might go. There was keenest agouy in the glancing thought of how it would have eenif she had «loved him ; if they had been heart to heart, soul to soul, looking together at tho fate that divided them, and considering together how they might bast submit to it, if-oli, delirious sugges- tion not eveu to be uaiuod Î-to be Hung qff like 6ome dartiug reptiK The great steamer glided cn, scarcely throbbing beneath them. There was a faint lifting and lightening of tho fog. They could hear tho Iioar.se voices of the captain and the first officei-, as commands and answers were shouted in German. It saeined clearer where they stood, though they could «ot see beyond tito nearest mast, tho rigging of which melted indis- tinguishable into the greyness. The muffled figures on tho deck looked like dial UH8hapen ghosts j and flickering lights flashed dully liera and there for au instant, and disappeared again. ' Oh, Mrs. Florence, is that you ?' some one said, passing. It was tiie dark Ameri- can girl, with lier arm in that of the painter, feeling her way cautiously. ' Tho deck is so slippery. Don't you feel skeered? And whvt lias made them stop off the fog-horn P I declare I don't think it's safe, livre in the Channel, to gire over for a minuto. Ono reads such horrible things about collisions, and I don't like these Gorman boats. Somehow I always feel safer in Cuuarder,' 'Oh, they are excellent seamen, tho men on this Hue,' 6aid the painter. ' The captain ia giving orders. It's something about tho pilot. We shall have the fog- horn screeching again in a minute or so.' The two passed on, and presently vanished ; and Ransom and Berenice were alone again-alone again, with the moony mist wrapping them clos1) ; alone again in this dream-world, filled with phantoms of the 'might have been.' In their mood nf strained exceptancy, nothing that could have happened would have seemed strange to either. If the sea had risen to swallow them up, they would have waited for it to do its work scarcely wondering. They did not wonder, now, whpn the fog-horn gave out a prolonged shrill Biirick, above which rose the couf used sound of voices exclaim- ing in German and English, and the noise of hurrying feet as people rushed to the other sido of tiie vessel. It was only part of the dream to see a great black" mass looming almost athwart tho bows and a line of spectral lights. Sudd nely the steamer gave a tremendous lurch aud swing rouud. which made them clasp each other, and which hurled them across against the deck-house. Then there was a mighty tremor, a giant quiver that ran through every beam aud bolt. Iiis arms were close rouud her. He held her to his brest.. Their hearts beat each to each. The great tremor grew more fainter and ceased. The big black mass glided on. Tiie pale lights died, and the grey pall dropped ouce more. But they two could never be the same again. While be still held her she bent back her head and turned lier face up to his her face new-born of passion, every curve and feature melting with womauly tender- ness, Hps that were sweet as roses, and eyes that shone like Btars. * I love you !' she said; ' Oh, do help me ! God help us both ! I love you ! I love you ! I love you !' £ud of Yoi. I. 