A TIFF. It was their first serious one, for Mr. and Mrs. Dasson were a warmly attached couple, on whom two years of matrimony had not palled, nor had the effect oE lessening their affection. Vet sweetest hells will jangle sometimes, and the chords of the human mind get out oE tune. Mary, the maid, heaan the mis chief. She conid not be induced to love early rising, consequently the breakfast was late. .Mr. Dasson, who had an engagement, chafed at losing a train, and Mrs. Dasson rebelled against the blame being laid on her. They parted in anger; hot words had been said, cruel reproaches uttered ; the rolls and coffee left untouched ; Mr. Dasson stalking out of the house without his overcoat, and Mrs. Dasson flying upstairs to throw liesself on her bed and cry stormiiy till her head ached and her eyes were swollen. “ What a fright I look 1” she exclaimed, when, an hour after, she rose and caught sight of her wan, tear-stained face in the glass. “ My cousins talked of calling this morning, but not for worlds would I let them see me in this state. If I told Mary to say I am ill, they would insist on coming up stairs ; and if they should suspect that Alfred and I have quarrelled, they would spread the news far and wide. Wbat shall I do? 1 will go out,” she finally determined. 11 A long walk will relieve my head, and l should feel fit for nothing if X stayed at home. I am miserable. How could Alfred he so unkind 1” This ejaculation was followed by another burst of tears, but they flowed more quietly, and before they were wiped away, Lola Dawson came to the conclusion that she had not been so free from fault as she had declared herself. Who could he more kind in general, or more forbearing than Alfred ? And if he had spoken irritably she could not deny that her duty as a wife was sadly ignored when she retorted in the same But he had said—and then her bosom heaved angrily as she repeated to herself his captions speeches. If she had erred, lie had been unjust; and as for Mary—. Never had that culprit seeu her young mistress look so stern as when she came down stairs dressed for walking; never before had Mrs. Dasson so sharply lectured her ! One phrase the lady murmured, in faltering accents, that filled Mary with remorse. “ Your want of punctuality has caused mo great unhappiness.” Her voice choked by a sob, Mr3. Dasson walked quickly away, leaving her liand maiden, to whom she was invariably kind and considerate, quite conscience stricken. The park to which Lela directed her steps was not an inviting promenade, for the gravel was sloppy with recent rain, and the shrubs half hidden by mist. However, she persevered in pacing the most sheltered walks till good resolutions came to her aid, and she could return home in a happier frame of Before doing so, however, she went to a Bon Marche at no great distance. She had just remembered that Alfred was in want of a new pair of slippers. She would buy him the prettiest pair she could procure, and this gift should be her pcacc-offering when they met in the evening. A showily-dressed woman followed her into the department she visited, standing by her side while she made her selection, aud turning over the slippeis as if she were as sisting Mrs. Dasson in her choice ; but when the shopman chanced to be oil guard, the horrified lady saw ber appropriate a pair of the most expensive ones. On seeing herself observed, she dropped her booty, and with a familiar nod walked away, saying,— “ i’ll wait for you outside.” But ere she reached the door an assistant, who had wit nessed the theft, sprang forward and detained After a struggle she was brought hack to the counter where Mrs. Dasson, terrified and disgusted, was stiii standing, and to the horror and dismay or the young wife, she heard herself accused as a confederate. Fortunately for her the proprietor of the emporium was quickly on the spot, and by him she was recognised as a frequent cus tomer. Appeased by his apologies, she would have paid for her purchase and departed, but when she put her hand in her pocket her purse—Alfred’s present on her birthday— was gone. The police now made their appearance, the thief was searched, and Mrs. Dasson’s purse found upon her. Satisfied at having regained possession of it, she made another attempt to escape from a scene which she rendered intolerably pain ful by the- bowls and protestations of the prisoner. But her evidence was rtquired; she was the most important witness in the case, and in spite of ber absolute refusal to prosecute, and extreme re luctance to take any part in the affair, she was compelled to yield to the requirements of the law. A cab was called, and much against her will, Mrs. Dasson was driven to the nearest police-court. It was crowded on that day ; some local rejoicing had ended in a street row ; and so many were the rioters, so con flicting the testimony, ihat very faint and weary did the unwilling witness become ere the shoplifter was place in the dock. The painful ordeal of giving evidence against her was over at last, and Mrs. Dasson free to depart; but as, with the aid of a policeman, she was edging her way through the throng hanging about the doors, a few words reached her that made her heart stand still. “ The worst accident they've ever had on that line,” one man was saying to another. “ You see it happened just as the train was full of city gents going up to their offices. I did hear that there was ten dead aud no end of wounded.” “ Is it—is it ture ?” gasped Mrs. Dasson to the policeman who was piloting her. 11 And where did it happen?” “ Well, yes, mum, I’m afraid it’s true enough I A collission, you know, some wheres between—"and he named the station from which her husband travelled—“ aud the next.- Happened about nine-twenty, I reckon.” Oh ! agony that it was to hear this !—to be forced to tell herself that if her husband had gone earlier, as he intended, he would have escaped. She looked so ill that the policeman civilly offered to procure a cab into • v.-bich he assisted her, asking where he should tell the cabman to drive. ‘‘ To the city,” was the reply. And, accordingly, thither she was taken, trembling, weeping, praying; now yielding to despair, and feeling convinced that she should find her husband at some hospital frightfully maimed; now hoping he had escaped injury; but always haunted with a dread that be was amongst the killed. And they had parted in anger I She should never be able to express ber patience and receive his pardon. How should she endure fife if he was taken from her, or how forgive herself if he were among those who would linger out a miserable existence crushed, crippled ? But the cab was at the door of the office, and a junior clerk, catching sight of a pale, pretty face at the window of the vehicle, officiously rushed out to interview its Mr. Dasson 1 IIs hadn’t been at the office all day. Believed the governor had received a telegram— Lela fell back almost prostrated by this confirmation of her fears. She contrived to give the now compassionate clerk her address, and ho bade the cabman take her to her home as quickly as possible. The door flew open a3 she totiered towards it, and Mary appeared, lie apron at her eyes. “ Oil, ma’am, I’m so thankful you’ve cornel” the girl sobbed. "My poor master 1” She threw open the dining-room door, and there, bis arms flung out on the fable, his head resting on them, sat Alfred Dasson, his hair dishevelled, his boots muddy, ills clothes drenched with the rain that for the last two or three hours had been falling steadily. The opening of the door aroused him ; he sprang up, beheld Lein, who flew towaids him, and they were rapturously clasped in each other's arms, and Mary closed the door upon them. Then lie was safe—unhurt 1 Oh, ITeaven be thanked ! But where had he been 1 Look ing for her? Why, what was she to under stand from that ? “When I left here,” iie explained, “the first thing I heard of was the accident that had happened to the train I missed, and someone told me that poor Tompkins—you have often heard me speak of him—was one of the suiTcrers by it. So I helped to carry him to the nearest hospital, and then hastened to his wife—she was staying with friends at Richmond—broke tbe news ns well as I could, and took her to him. While thus employed, it struck me tiiat my own wife might hear an exaggerated account of the affair ; so I wired to tiie city, excusing myself there, and came home to find Mary in great distress. You had gone out, she said, looking like a ghost, and accusing her of having ruined your happiness. You had gone away as if you never meant to return, and I have been rushing from place to place ever since I beard this to find my darling, and entreat her to return to me. I have but just come borne, so worn out with fatigue and misery that I could hold up no longer.” I.ela insisted on deferring her explanations tiii lie bad changed the wet garments in which he was shivering. Meed we say that they were satisfactory, or that the anxious hours spent by both husband and wife taught them that in wedded life even "a tiff” should be care fully avoided 1 