THE ST#&YTSiigft;, That Unfortunate Marriage. | ? i BY FRANCES ELEANOR TROLLOP®,... Author of ' Aunt Margaret's Trouble,' ' Like Ships upon the Sea,' 41 Among Aliens,' &c.;, &c.; Ckaptfu XXIII.— UNFORTUNATE MARRIAGE. I The day after the party at Garnet Lodge Mrs. Dobbs was surprised by the announcement from her old servant, Martha, that Mr. Bragg was at the pate, and would be glad to ppcak with her if she was at liberty. 'Quite at liberty, Martha, and very happy to see Mr* j Bragg. Now what can he want?' said Mrs. Dobbs to the j faithful Jo W eatherhead, who was in his usual place by the heartb. ' Something about the house in Friar's Row . sug gested Jo. ' Ah ! I suppose so. Though I don't know what there can be to say. However, it's no use guessing. It's like staring at the outside of a letter instead of reading it. He'll speak lor himself.' Aleauwhile Mr. Bragg had alighted from ihe plain brougham which had brought him from his country-house; and, walking up the garden path, and in at the open door, presented himself in the little parlour. ' 1 hope you'll excuse my calling, Mrs. Dobbs. You and me have uiet vears ego.' No excuse neepeil,.Mr. Bragg. I remember you very well. This is . my brother-in-law, Mr. Weatherhead. Please to sit down.' . Mr. Bragg sat down ; and he and his hostess looked at each other for a moment attentively. Mr. Bragg was a large, solidly-built man, with an expres sion on his face of perplexity and resolution subtly mingled together. It is a look which may be often seen on the countenance of an intelligent workman, whose employment brings him into conflict with physical phenomena— at once so docile and so intractable ; so simple and so eternally mysterious. This expression bad'long survived the days of Mr. Bragg's personal struggle with facts of a metallic nature. In his present position, as a man of large wealth and influence, he had to deal chiefly with the more complex phenomena of humanity; and very seldom found it so trustworthy in the manipulation as the iron and lead and tin and steel of his younger days. Mrs. Dobbs marked the changes wrought by time and circumstances in Joshua Biagg. She rbinembered him— he had even been temporarily in, ber husband's employment, at one time— in a well- worn suit of working clothes, and with chronically black finger-nails. She saw him now, dressed with quiet good taste (for be left that matter to his London tailor), with irreproachably clean hands— on which, however, toil had left ineffaceable traces — and a massive watch chain worth half-a-year's earnings of his former days ' You're very little changed in the main, Mr. Bragg. And the year® haven't been hard on you,' said Mrs, Dobbs, summing* ud the result of her observations. ' No : I believe I don't feel the burthen of years much ; not bodily, that is. In the mind, 1 think I do. You see. I've come to a time of life when a man can't keep putting off liis own comfort and happiness to the (lay after to morrow. Which,' added Mr. Bragg thoughtfully, ' is exactly where young folks have the pull, I think.' ' That's queer, too, Mr. Bragg!' remarked Jo Weather head. ' Putting off your own comfort and happiness seems a poor way to enjoy yourself, sir.' ' Ah, but what you only mean to do, always comeBup to your expectations ; and what you do -to, doesn't !' rejoined Mr. Bragg, with a slow, emphatic nod of the head. ' Well, but as to ' feeling the burthen of years,' that's t putting it too strong,' saidjMrs. Dobbs. ' You have no right to feel that burthen yet awhile. Why you must be — — let me see ! - uuder fifty- tnree.' 'Fifty-ihree last birthday.' ' Ay ; I wasn't far out. Lord, that's no age ! I might be your mother, Mr. Bragg.' ' I'm glad to hear you say so!— I mean, I'm glad you don't think hie too old— not quite an old fellow, in short.' ' No ; to be sure not !' Mr. Bragg was silent for fully a minute. Then he said : '? Weil, whether I'm quite an old fellow or not, I'm too old to trust much to the day after to-morrow. So, if not inconvenient to Mrs. Dobbs, I should like to say a few words to you, about a matter that has been on my inind for some little time.' ' Certainly, Mr. Bragg. I am quite at your service.' Mr. Bragg looked slowly round the little parlour; looked out of tbe window at the tiny garden; looked at Mr. Weatherhead; Anally looked at Mrs. Dobbs again, and said. ' It's a private m.-.tter ' ' 1 had better go, Sarah,' said Jo. ' I shall look round again at tea-time,' and he made a show of rising from his chair, very slowly and reluctantly. '? Oh, perhaps you've no call to go away, Jo. I have no business secrets from my brother-in-law. Mr. Bragg. He is my oldest and best fiiend in the world.' Mr. Bragg rubbed his chin slowly with hid hand, and answered with a certain embarrassment, but quite straight forwardly, ' It's a matter private to me.' Affer this Jo Weatherhead had nothing for it but to take his dopnrture, and to endeavour to ca!m the fever of his curiosity with tobacco. Mrs. Dobbs r mained olone with her visitor, wondering more and more what could be the subject of his proposed communication. Her thoughts, in connection with Mr. Bragg, persistently hovered about the house in Friar's iiow. But his first words scattered them in wide-spread confusion. ' Your granddaughter, Miss Cheffington, tells me that she is not going to Glengowrie Castle this autumn, Mrs. Eobbs.' ' Why — no— I believe not,' answered Mrs. Dobbs, looking at him curiously. ' In that case I don't think I shall go there myself. I'm no sportsman. I always feel lonely in a house full of strangers. And besides — I was invited partie'larly to meet Miss Cheffington.' Mrs. Dobbs preserved her outward composure; but some thing seemed to whirl and spin in her brain; and, although she kept her eyes fixed on Mr. Bragg, she saw neither him nor anything else in the room for several seconds. ' 1 was asked through Mrs. Griffin. You may have heard speak of her ? Mrs. Dobbs made an affirmative movement of the head. She couid not have articulated a word at that moment to save ber life. . ' Mrs. Griffin is a well-meaning lady. But she's a lady : who now and then gets out of her depth, along of not — ! what you might call minding her own business. But she always means to be kind. And the best of U9 make \ mistakes.' ' Ah, that we do ! ' assented Mrs. Dobbs, huskily. ' Well, Mrs. Griffin is al wayB te ling me that my money, * a princely fortune' she calls it ; but it's a good deal more thau that, by wtLat I cau hear about princes, lays me under an obligation to inarry again.' At the words *? priucely fortune,-' Mrs. Dobbs winced, and a deep red flush cauie into her face. But she answered quietly, ' Wealth has its responsibilities, of course, Mr. Bragg.' ' Yes. it has ; and its troubles. But when all said and done, it's plea-ai.ter to be rich than poor. I've tried both.' j ' No doubt. Only — one may pay too dear even for being j rich.' ?' Well, I should be sorry for any lady I married to con sider that she paid too dear fur beini rich.' ! ' Oli, I meant no offence, Mr. Braeg.' 'There's noihiog you may not pay too dear for, I sup pose ; except n quiet, consc ence. You may |-ay too dear tor u wife. And there's two sides to every — — ' lie was abuut to sav '? bargain,' but substituted tbe word 'arrange- ment.' Mrs. Dobbs had taken up her knitting, and was twisting and pulliug it with her fingers in a restless, nervous way. When Mr. Bragg made a pause, and looked at her, she said, ' Of couree, that's quite true.' He went on : ' I make bold to hope, Mrs. Dobbs, that you'll give me credit, in what I'm going to say, for having * some serious reusnn, and not talking idly, out of pride and vanity— in short, for not being what you plight call a fool.' *' Yes, I will, Mr. Bragg.' ' Thank ye. Ou that understanding I may say, between ourselves, that Mrs. Griffin has mentioned to me several quarters where I shouldn't meet with a refusal in case 1 went to look for a wife. I couldn't have supposed it my self—at least, not to the extent it really does ruu to. Hut the fact has been brought to my knowb-dge, so that there's no possibility of mukiug any mistake about it,. More than one young laclv — some of 'em tit.ed too,' said Mr. Bragg, with an odd glimmer of complacency flitting for a moment like a will-o'-the-wisp above the soiid teira firn a ot bis- native good sense. ' ^lore than one, aud more than two, have been what you migiit call trotted out for me.' M rs. Dobbs's fingers twitched and pulled at the wool on her knitting-needles, and the muscles round her mouth seemed to lighten. But she said nut a word. Mr. Braggeontinued, ' Now, 2J--rliiip-, you think I have no business to take up your time with all this, when it's no concern of yours ?' Still Mrs. Dobbs dii not speak; so he added, ' But it does concern you in a way.' She made a visible effort to say quietly, ' Ah, indeed ! How's that? ' But this time she was perfectly sure beforehand of what he was going to say. ' I'm coming to that in one moment.' Here Mr. Bragg paused, took out his handkerchief, and passed it over his face before proceeding. ' I mentioned that Mrs. Griffin sometimes gets out of her depth (with the beet of intentions) when minding other people's business. She got a little out of her depth when attending to mine. She somehow took it for granted that I should be quite content to marry any lady of high family, who would look handsome in my diamonds and spend my money in the fashionablest style. She was consequently a good deal taken aback when I offered some objec tions to one or two patties of her recommenda tion. But I managed to make her under stand at last. Said I, ' Mrs. Griffin, I don't under value the honour; but I'm too old to wear a tight shoe for the sake of appearances.'- The fact was, I did not feel myself what you might call drawn towards any of these young ladies/ 1 couldn't fancy them sitting opposite to me at my own fireside with a kind look on their faces. Now, the leason I say all this to you,' continued Mr. Bragg, laying his massive hand on the elbow of Mrs. Dobbs's chair, 'is because there. i6 a young lady that I do feel drawn towards— a young lady I've had opportunities of observing at home and abioid. And it was talking of this young lady that I said one day to Mrs. Griffin, ' Now, if you could find some one like Mibs May Cheffington, who'd condescend to have me, I should think myself a. very fortunate man.' She quite jumped at the idea.' ' Jumped, indeed !' burst out Mrs. Dobbs, indignantly. ' Then she took a most unwarrantable liberty'. She could know nothing about Miss May Cheffington' s feeling in the matter. What business had she to jump?' 'Nay, nay, my good lady ! My good lady ! You don't understand. She jumped at the idea on my account. Why, Lord bless me, you cou dn't suppose ? ! She told me at once that May Cheffington was the purest- minded and most unworldly girl she ever knew. I remember her very words ; for I couldn't help thinking at the time how queer it was that Mrs. Griffin should admire unworldliness so much.' There was a long pause. Mrs. Dobbs wasgreatly moved from her usual self-possession. She could not trust her self to speak, while Mr. Bragg was surprised, and some what offended, by her reception of what he had to say. He bad really, all things considered, very little purse pride. But he had been a&customed; for many years to be | dumbly conscious of the power of his wealth, as an elephant is dumbly conscious of the power of his weight. And. for a few moments, he felt as the elephant might feel if he were subjected to the mysterious process which we hear of as '? levitation,' and suddenly found himself brushed aside like a fly. Mr. Bragg did not wish to bear down his fel low-creatures unduiy by force of wealth. But wealth hud come to be a large factor in his social specific gravity. After a while, Mrs. Dobbs said tremulously, and by no means graciously, ' Well, I don't see what i can do for'you in the matter.' ' i em not asking j ou to do anything for me, Mrs. Dobbs. I was not aware till last night that you were any relation to Miss cheffington, or, leastways, I had forgotten it, for A. believe I did hear of your daughter's marriage years ago. When I became aware of- it, 1 thought you would take it as a mark of respect and goodwill if I came and spoke to you confidentially. But you don't appear to see it in that light.' Mrs. Dodds turned round and offered him her hand, say ing, ' I ask your pardon if I have said anything to offend you. You don't deserve it; you are very far from deserv ing it. But I'm shaken ; my nerve isu't what it was. 1 haven't been so upt-et since my poor dear daughter Susy ran away and got married.' She was trembling, and her rest less fingers were making 6ad work with the knitting. ° ' Well, well, there's no occasion for you to put yourself about, you know. 1 should like you to tell me just this— under the circumstances 1 think there's no objection to my putting the question — is there anybody else in the field before me ? ' ' N-no ; I think not. I can't say. ' if the young lady has no other attachment,' said Mr. Bragg, in liis blow, pondering way, ' I don't 6ee why 1 should not be able to make her happy. What do you think ? ' ' You're a deal older than the child; there's a great dis parity, Joshua ! ' answered Mrs. Dobbs, reverting, in her agitation, to the faunl.ar form in which she had addressed him 30 years back. ' So there is, but that can't be helped ; we must just reckon with it as so much ailoy. There wouldn't be much romance — couldn't be; but a vast number of people get on very weil without romance, and are useful and happy. I have reason to believe,' added Mr. Bragg, looking at her a little askance — for there was no knowing whether this fiery old woman might not take offence again — ' that certain members of Miss C.'s family would approve.' Mrs. Dobbs answered with unexpected meekness. ' There's no need to tell me that. And you musn't suppose, Mr. Bragg, that I don't appreciate— that 1 don't know how the world in general would look upon your offer.' ' Why, you see, it doesn't amount exactly to an offer. I thought i would talk matters over with you, and, what you might call, put the case. You see,' said Mr. Bragg, placing the forefinger of his right hand upon the thumb of his left, ' for my part 1 could undertake that any lady who did me the honour tomarry me should have steady* kind ness and respect. I wouldn't marry a woman I didn't respect, not if she was the handsomest one in the world and a Duke's daughter. Then' (placing his two fore fingers together) '1 ain't & bad temper, nor a jealous temper. Lastly ' (here he shiited the forefinger of his right hand to the middle finger of his left), ' though I don't want to lay too much stress upon money, yet it's a lact that my wife, and, in the course of nature, my widow, would be a very rich woman.' ' I suppose you know,' said Mrs. Dobbs, leaning her forehtad on her band, a .d letting the knitting slide from her knees to the floor, ' that May's father is alive r' ' Yes, I do know it. And I've got something to say to you on that score. And I'm sure you'll agree with me that it is veiy desirable for Aliss C — — to have protection aud guidance (I'm not speaking tor myself now, you under stand). Her aunt, Mrs. Dormer-smith, is a very genteel lady, with very high connections. But -quite between ourselves, you know— I wouldn't give much for her head piece.' Mrs. Dobbs was looking at him eagerly, and scarcely allowed him to finish his sentence be i ore slie said, ' But you have sumethiug to say abuut Captain Cliet fington r' ' We.'l, perhaps you know it. If you don't,, you ought to. He has been' unveiling about for years with an Italian opera-singer. She is with him nuw in Brussels. And people say he has married her.' Mrs. Dobbs clasped her hands together, and ejaculated, almost in a whisper, ' Oh; my poor child.' Mr. liragg could not tell whether she were Hiinltinp of her daughter or her grand-daughter. Perhaps the images of both were in' her mind. ' You had not heard of it, then ? Afi ! It's a bad prospect for Miss C.' ' But is it true ? So many stories get about. It seems incredible to me that Augustus, so selfish ashe is, should have bound himself in that way.' ' I hear it confirmed on all hands. It's an old story now, and pretty widely known. But, look at it which way you will, it's an uglyj disreputable kind of business, Mrs. Dobbs.' She was silent for a while, sitting with ber head sunk on her breast and ber hands clasped before her. Then she said, almost as if speaking to herself, ' God knows ' The woman may not be bad or wicked. IHow are we to judge?' Mr. Bragg drew his hand away from the elbow of Mrs. Dobbs's chair, where it had leen resting, and said in a tone of solemn disapprobation, ' 1 don't think there can be much doubt as to the character oi trie— person, Mrs. Dobbs. 1 underhand she became so notorious in Biussels through keeping a gaming-house. or something of that kind, as to call for the interference of the police.' 'May 1. ask how this information reached you?' said Mrs. Dobbs, turning round and looking full at him. Mr. Bragg hesitated fo.' a few moments before answer ing. 'It has come to me from various quarters. But the latest is an 1-talian singer, who has been chattering a good deal. He was at .Miss Piper's- There's always a certain amount of risk in having public performers in your house. 1 don't encourage 'em myself— never did from a boy ; and I think ita pity that Miss Piper does. Her sister and me are quite agreed on that point.' j Mr. Bragg here pushed back his chair and stood up. ' I ' should wish you to understand.' he said, ' that I should have thought it tuy duty to tell you this, feeling the in terest I do in Miss CM quite independent of our previous conversation.' ? ' I understand. Thank you.' ' With regard to that conversation, you can, if you think it advisable, what you might call, .sound your grand daughter. I think that might avoid disagreeables -for both parties. It can't be pleasant for $ sensitive young lady to refuse an offer. And I don't mind saying that it would be extremely unpleasant to me, to he refused. A man of my age and ' well, I may say. position— don't like to look ridicu lous. Of course, you don't care much for ray feelings ; can't be expected to. But I tbipk, on reflection, you'll see that by coming to you first in this way, I've done the best I could to spare the* feelings of Miss C.' With that Mr. Bragg shook hands with his hostess, and quickly letting himself out of the house walked to his brougham, and was driven away to the office in Friar's Row. Chapter XXIV. To one so habitually resolute, sagacious, and self-reliant as Mrs. Dobbs, the shock of discovering that she has been living under a delusion is severe. It is not merely mortify ing — it is alarming. After her conversation with Mr. Bragg, Mrs. Dobbs felt like a person who, walking along what seems to be like a solid path, suddenly finds his foot sink into a quagmire. The firmer and bolder the tread, the greater the danger. She had not been conscious, until the disenchantment came, how much hope and pride she had lavished on tbe image con j ui ed up in her fancy by Pauline's 'gentleman of princely fortune.' The image bad been vague, it is true, but brilliant. All that she knew of Mrs. Dormer Smith's pride of birth, her contemptuous rejection of ycuag Bransby's suit, the importance she attached to introducing her niece into the. 'best set,' and so forth, served to strengthen Mrs. Dobbs in all kinds of delusions. She bad taken it for granted that the sort of person whom Pauline could approve of as .May's husband must possess certain qualifications. She no more thought, for instance, of doubting that he would be a gentleman than that he would be. a white man. The *' princely fortune ' added something chivalrous to the idea of him in her mind, since he was ready to share it with portionless May. And now these aiiy visions had been rolled aside like glittering clouds ; and the solid, prosaic, ugly fact presented itself in the form of Joshua Bragg ! Mrs. Dobbs sat for more than an hour after he had left her, with bowed head and hands clasped, scarcely stirring. For a while she could not order her thoughts. Her mind was confused. Images came and went without her will. Under all was a bitter sense of disappointment ani a vague disquietude for the future. At first she had dismissed the notion of May's marrying Mr. Bragg, as one too preposter ous to be entertained for a moment. But by degrees she began to ask whether she might not be mistaken here, as she bad been in other undoubting judgments. Mr. Bragg was a man of probity, and — or so she had hitherto thought him— of excellent sense. Oldchester held many substan tial proofs of his benevolence. Could it be possible -that girlish May was willing to think of this man for a husband? Mrs. Dobbs tried to look at the matter judiciously. There were many instances of happy marriages where the disparity in years was as great as in this case. Who could be happier than Martin Bransby and his beautiful young wife r But this example liad not the effect of reconciling .Mrs. Dobbs to the possibility of May's accepting the great tin- tack maker. Martin Bransby was a man whom any woman might love— well-educated, clever, genial, of a handsome presence, and with manners of line old-fusbioned courtesy, there could be no comparison between Martin Bransby and Joshua Bragg. ' Noj no, no ! Such a match would be a mere coarse bargain. The very thought of it was an outrage to May.' And yet— the pendulum of ber thoughts swinging suddenly in the opposite direction— she remembered that neither Mrs. Dorimer-Siuith, nor Mrs. Griffin, had so considered it. And was it not true what Mr. Bragg had said— that many people did very well without romance, and were useful and happy. Self-distrust, once aroused, became wild and uncontrollable. She fought against her better instincts, telling herself that she was a fool, and that the world was no place for story-book sentimentality. If May married this man she would be *afe from the gusts of fortune ; she would be honoured and caressed (for it was clear that society accepted Mr. Bragg without qualm or question), and she would i have boundless possibilities of doing good. This, surely, at all events, was a worthy aim ! At this point — just as after a conflict between winds and waves there sometimes comes a sudden calm and the sin cerity of sunshine — the turmoil of her mind was stilled all at once, and 6he saw clearly. She lifted up her head and said aloud, 'What shall it profit it a man if he gain the whole world and lose his own soul ? Lord forgive me ! I was arguing on the devd's side every bit as much as that poor creature, Mrs. Dormer-Smith. And without her excuse of knowing no better. The whole thing is plain enough. If May could bring herself to care for the man — and such unlikely things happen in that line that one daren't say it's downright impossible— she'd do right to marry him; if not, she'd do wrong. And that's aU about it.' Here, at least, was a firm foothold. And having struggled out of. the quagmire, Mrs. Dobbs was able to consider the other subject of Mr. Bragg's talk with her — the Tumour that Captain Cheffington had married again. If it were true, and, above alt, if ^iiB new wifewere such a one as Mr. Bragg had described, there was a new source of anxiety as to May's future.. As she was meditating on this point, Jo Weatherhead returned, eager to hear all about her interview with Mr. Bragg, and to impart to her something he had just heard himself. Mrs. Dobbs was glad to be able to feed Jo's hungry curio.-ity by telling' him the reports about her son in-law, since she could not betray Mr. Bragg's confidence respecting May. She found that he had Leen hearing a version of them from Mr. Simpson, whom he had met in the road. Valli' s utterances at Miss Piper's supper table had already revived all kinds of obsolete gossip about Captain Cheffington. ' It'll be terrible for my poor lamb, if half tbe bad things they say are true,' said Mrs. Dobbs, shaking her head. \- Jo's private opinion was tuat Cnpta-'n Cheffington V couduct, under auy given circumstances, was pretty sure to be the worst possible. But he tried to comfort his old friend, as he had succeeded in coiiifirtiug himself, by setting fotth that her father's behaviour, be it what it might, could Scarcely afftct May's happiness very deeply, seeing that she had been entirely separated from* him lor so long. ' And as to her position in the 'world that you think so much of '—Mrs. Dobbs winced at this, and turned her head away — ' why, I shrewdly suEpect, Sarah, that a deal worse things than ever reached you and me have been known about Captain Cheffington in aristocratic circles this long time back. And yet Miranda has been re ceived among the tip-toppest people as if she belonged to 'em. And there's her own great uncle, the Lord .Viscount Castiecombe of Combe Park, a nobleman notorious for his heighth' (Jo did not mean his stature), 'has quite taken to her, by all accounts.' After some consultation, they agreed together that it would be well for Mrs. Dobbs to tell her granddaughter something of the reports which were flying about, lest they might reach her accidentally, or, in a still more painful way, through malice, and find. her unprepared. Moreover, Jo urged bis old friend to write boldly iu Augustus de manding an answer as to the trurh of tbe statement that he bad married a second wife. Mrs. Dobbs at length con sented to do so, although she had iittle hope of eliciting the truth by those tueatis. But Jo was strongly of opinion that if Captain CheUiugton were not marriei he' would be de sirous, for iniuy reasons, of repudiating the statement ; and if be were married he uiigiit not be d-.spieused at titis opportunity of saying so, although pride, or indolence, or a hundred other motives, might prevent him from making the opportunity tor himself. The communication was made to May when she came borne from College Quad that afternoon. And, although greatly surprised at first, it did not produce so much effect as her grandmother had anticipated. May had enough of the healthy, unquestioning venera tion of a child for its parent to take her father on trust. And Mrs. Dobbs had always been careful not to lower Captain Cheffington in his daughter's esteem. But May did not — naturally could not — leel lor bim any of that strong personal attachment which is apt to look jealously ou inter lopers. She regarded him with a somewhat hazy affection, largely compounded of imagination and dim childish tradi tions. Some added tenderness Bprang, perhaps, from the notion that 'poor Papa' had been unfortunate, and that the world had treated him below his deserts. After the first surprise was over, she said, ' But why should he keep it secret ? Wouldn't he have told you, Granny?' . . 'Perhaps not, May; I hear from him very seldom, as you know.' . ? ' Very seldom — ! Ye3; but in such a case as this ! Perhaps, though, Papa thought it might hurt your feel ings, on account of Mamma.' ? ' Perhaps,' returned Mrs. Dobbs drily. ' People are unreasonably sensitive sometimes, are they not ? As for me, it never entered into my head to think of my father's marrying again. But uow I do think of it, it seems to me (hat it would be a very good thing.' ' Its goodness or badness would depend, of course, on — circumstances.' ' I do really think more and more that it would be a good thing, Granny. Papa must have many lonely hours, you know. He likes Continental life best, to be sure. But still he is far away from bis own country and his own people. It seems almost selfish in us not to have thought of it for him. Oh, I hope she is a nice, kind woman, who will be good to him and take care of him. I think 1 ought to write at once and assure him that I have no grudge in my heart about it. . And I'm sure you have none either; have you, Granny dear ? ' Mrs. Dobbs found it at once more painful and more diffi cult than she had foreseen to breathe degrading suspicions into bis frank, pure mind. But it was necessary not to allow May to cherish what might prove to be disastrous illusions. ' It isn't all such plain sailing, May,' she answered slowly. ' I will write to your father, and you had better wait for his reply. We don't know that he is married at all. And if he is, we don't know that there's much to be , glad about. They do say that the lady is not a fit match for your father.' ' He is the best judge of that I should think,' returned May. Then she added, her young face flushing with a generous impulse, ' I dare say people may have said the same of my own dear mother.' ' No, May. No one ever said of your own dear mother what is said of this woman.' There was a sterness in her grandmother's voice and face which startled thegirl. ' What do they 6ay, Granny ?' she asked quickly. Mrs. Dodds checked herself. 'Oh, I cannot tell you exactly. There are lots of stories about. Some will have it that- her character is not quite blameiess.' ' Who dares to say so of my father's wife ? ' ' Hush ! May. There's no need to call her your father's wife yet. Signor Valli says the person in question ? ' Signor Valli? Then 1 don't believe a word of it. Not one word. I know be talks wildly, and jumps ut things. Why he told Clara Bertram that my mot tier was a foreigner, and that he had met her. So you see how accu rate and trustworthy Signor Valli is.' Then, after a moment, as it struck* by a sudden thought, she asked, ' Is — she a foreigner ? ' ' I believe so.' ' Then that is what he meant, I suppose.' ' It's right to tell you, May, that Signor Valli is not the only one who has heard disagreeable th ngs.' ' Oh, of course, they ail baa one after the other ! You have no idea. Granny, what -foolish back-biting talk goes on among tbe people whom Aunt Pauline calls 'Society.' I've seen them roli a morsel of gossip over and over, while it kept growing ull the time like a snowball or a mud bail. And no doubt many people whom Aunt Pauline doesn't call ' Society ' are as bad. A sheep is a sheep, whichever sido of the hedge it is on,' said this young censor, with fine scorn. Mrs. Dobbs in her heart did not put implicit faith in the stories which reached her. The young und the old— when they are soundhearted — are both prone to disbelieve slander; the young from innocence ; the old from experience. For there is no lesson more surely taught by life than the evil lightness with which evil is attributed. But with regard to these particular stories, unwelcome corroboration was given to Mrs. Dobbs by Clara Bertram. Clara carried out her proposal of going to sing at Jessa mine Cottage. She went there one afternoon when May was absent at the Hadlows, aud introduced herself. There were only Mrs. Dobbs and Mr. Weatherhead to listen to her; but she sat down at tbe old square piano— feebly tinkling now ; but tinkling always in tune, like the con scientious ghost of a defunct instrument— and sang her best. Her audience, though limited, was highly appre ciative ; and she soon found that their applause was not given ignorahtly. Apart from the charm of Her singing, Clara won their sympathies by her kindly, unaffected simplicity. She inspired trustfulness. One must have been blindly false oneself to doubt her truth. Mrs. Dobbs was moved to question her a little about Valli. ' Of course, you have heard this gossip about May's father ?', she said. ' Yes. To sav the. truth, I almost hoped you might speak on this subject ; and so I purposely came when I thought J' ay would not be here. I hinted to her some thing that Valli had said to me. But 1 saw she knew nothing.' ' i have told her. At least I have told her enough to prevent her being taken by surprise.' ' i am glad of that. I think you have done very wisely.' ' This Signor Valli, now,' said Mrs. Dobbs, musingly. ' I suppose he tells lies sometimes, eh ?' Clara reflected for a moment before she answered. 'In one way— yes. That is to say, if he hated you, and 6aw von give a penny to a beggar, he would impute some nefarious mo:ive for the action, and say so without Ectuple. But I don't believe he would be likely to invent \- circumstances.' Then 6he went on to tell how Miss Polly Piper remem bered a dreadful story about wme gambling transactions : and how Major Milton had furbished up his Maltose re miniscences ; and how everybody found something to say, and not one ^oodthini? among them all. Jo Weatherhead listened with a kind of dread enjoy ment. So much curious gossip could not but be interest ing ; yet he wished with all his heart, for May's Biikf, that it were not true. ' I speak openly to you,' said Clara ; 'but I am reticent about all this with other people. Pray believe that.' Mrs. Dobbs did believe' it. Clara seemed to have become intimate with them all at once. 'May I come again?' asked the young singer as she took her leave. - ' May you come ! Will you come ? I didn't ask you, because, when a person generously gives me one pearl of price, it is not my way to snatch at the whole string. Your time is precious ; your voice is precious.' ' Dear Mrs. Dobbs, your kindness is precious. Not that I am ungrateful for the kindness bestowed on me by —other people. But there is such a delightful feeling of homeli ness here. And then, although you have praised me ton much, I must say that you and Mr. Weatherhead are good judges of music.' 'Well, I'won't go so far as to deny that you might strew vour pearls before certain animate who would value them less,'' replied Mrs. Dobbs. As for Jo Weatherhead he became so enthusiastic in Miss Bertram's praises behind her buck that Mrs. Dobbs laugh ingly declared he was in love with her. And perhaps he was, a little. Many more such humble innocent ' loves' spring up und die around us every day than we reek of. They do r.ot ripen into fruit, but simply b ossom like the wayside flowers; and the world is all 'the sweeter for them. When .May came home that evening, she was delighted to hear of tlie favourable impression her friend had made : although she declared it was shabby of Clara to have come in her absence. May brought the news from College Quad that Constance had written home for a prolonged leave of absence, having been invited by the Duche-s to accompany Mrs. Griffin to Glengowrie. ' Canon Hadluw grumbles a little,' said May. ' But he will let her go. And I am so glad ; I hated the idea of going ; but Conny will enjoy it, and everybody else will soon find out that she. is the right girl in the right place — which, I am sure, I should not have been.' - , 7 ' Mr. Bragg is not going to Glengowrie either, I under stand,' said Mrs. Dobbs, growing very red, and CQUghirig to hide her embarrassment. / -? 'No; Mr. Bragg and I are quite agreed in not liking that sort of thing. He savs he feels lonely in a ' strange house; and so do I. If the Duke and Duchess where my friends, it would be different.' ' Mr. Bragg has a good deal of sense, I think.' ?' Plenty of common sense.' .'X 'And— ahem! — and good feeling— don't you think?'' ? ' What's the matter with' your throat, Granny? Shall I get you a glass of water ?— Oh, yes ; he does a great deal of good with his wealth. Canon Hadlow was saying only this afternoon that .Mr. Bragg given away veiy lar^e.sums in private, besides the .public subscriptions,. where -f veiy one sees his name.' r ' ' Mr. Bragg was here Ihe other day to speak to me— on business— no; no; I don't want any water! Bit still, child. And 1 think you are a great favourite of his.' .'?- 'It's quite mutual, Grgginy. Often andoften, ih Lon don, 1 used to prefer a quiet talk with Mr. Bragg to the foolish chatter ot smart people.' 'Ay, ay! But ' smart people' need not be foolish, May.' : 'N— no; they need not. Only so many of them — especially the young men— seem to think it part of their smartness to put on a kind of foolishness.' '? ? Mrs. I Jobbs looked wistfully at her granddaughter.' In that process of 'mounding' May, which- Mr. Bragg had recommended, and which Mrs. Dobbs was endeavouring to carry out, there arose this difficulty ; the chot'ds gave Tortli a full response to every touch ; but who should interpret Oie meaning of the notes ? Mrs. Dobbs had been accustomed to read Mav's feelings by swift intuition. £he Wflshcfw afraidto trust to that. Her interv:'e .v with Mr.-Bcagg had upset so many of her preconceived ideas asto'what could be considered probable, or even possible, in the matter of her grandchild's marriage,- that her judgment seemed para.yaed. And then to tisk a mistake which should in volve May's life- long unhappiness, would be too tremend ous a responsibility ! Measured by Mrs. Dobbs's unquiet thoughts it seemed a long time, but in reality less than a minute elapsed. be- tween May's last words, and her saying, ' Talking, of smart people, Granny, don't you think Aunt i auline is sure to know the truth about papa?' . '? I cannot toll. There might be reasons why she should not have heard it, May.' ~ ' Well, at all events, I have been thinking that I will write to her and ask. If she does know, and is keeping her knowledge back from me for any reason— some of Aunt Pauline's mysterious dancing before deaf people, you know— that will make her speak out.' - ' I don't see why you should not write to her, if you choose, May.' Mrs. Dobbs had little doubt that Mrs. Dormer-Smith would be ahnoyed and perturbed by May's writing to her on the subject] whether the story of the marriage were true or false, and whether she hersell had or had not heard of it. But Mrs. Dobbs was in no mood to shield Pauline from annoyance or perturbation. ' She and her ' gentleman of princely fortune,' indeed !' said Mrs. Dobbs to herself. ' W hy couldn't she say old Joshua Bragg f and then one would have known where one waa.' So it was settled that May should write to her aunt. ( Zo be continued.) 