Wer. I lowed afeoa imoc ; «.t t.uuke-. anri 11 ■ MI-IW- ZIV^TU. U| Min piHCC •MUM serve a* wall at any other. No oue1 •** hkely to bear (ay aplaahas I want over WMid, uul even if b-itJ it would not tx* in 'taturctcd.. 1 ni (till near euoogfi to 'ha Ikif dl:srx bank io be out ol the broad m od light ihat lit op the middle of ihe liter. X •hglttbe tin box oat of my cloak and cowed UjLr a momen. iu thestcrn. 1 r.ould ainx it Wrttb the key liefore I flung rujself io So Collins thil key oat o' the oth-r pock<>t, X lock oil the cloak, then my dreaa-ooat and wairtcoet. and folded them car*, foftr. and placed them ou the stem east, trail dene, 1 ilipped the key into one pocket dlf .my trousers, m> watch and chain into the Othye. I would do a!' qoietlr and in order, I deflected. I wa« tileutl) kickirg off my ehoel, Iwhfin a tbou.bt attack me In my lait kfat'clea it waa pcstihle that the desire of I8e would matter me, aed almoit uncou Mkmily I might nke to swimming. In the <QHdayi at Lizard Town ewimming had bean •g natural to me ai walking, and I bad no Hmtbt that *a >u. n as' in toe eater I tboald to etrike oat Ccald I coant npon Mjsrmioatioo vsou.h to withhold my a me •ad let mystlf ilo- ly drown t Here wai t rifficuUy ; bat I molted to make even thing eare. I took my handker chief cat of tbs coat pocket, and bent doen to tie my fret firmly together. All this I did quite calmly and meahamcally. At far *ae one can be certain of aoybicg atthiadia Sapor of tuna, I am certain of thi>, that no thought of heattation came into my bead. Xt vraa not that I overcame any donbti; they merer occurred to ma X wai stooping down, and had already hcwii the handkerchief oece around my Ankles, trim my boat grated aoflly against •oaseibing. I looked up, and saw once more •bore ma • daik ship's ball, and right above my head the while letter*. Water Witch. Tcia would ncrar do. My boat had drifted op the river again with the tide, item fora Opst. but a lit e aslant, and hadranagatest the warp by the schooner's bows. I mast Aall oat igein. for otherwise the people on "board woald hear me. I poshed gently < 9 firm the wsrp end took the scnlia, wbeu I suddenly I best! voices back toward* the •tUkD. | Uy first impnlss waa to get sway with a’l spaed, and I had already taken half a stroke, I •when eomsthing censed my bands to drop and i my heart to give od* wild leap. | ‘ "’That was it? Something in the voices? Ye*; eomsthing that brushed my stupor .from me as though it were a cobweb ; some-1 tffing that mads me hash my breath, and Attain with all my ears to liitea _ Tbe two voice* were those of men and •woman. They were slightly raised, as if iu a quarrel; the woman's pbading sod entreat • tng, the man's threatening and stem. Bat Shat waa not the reason that suddenly tit my Yitart uncontrollably beating and all tbe Wood rnahing and anrgiog to my tempi**. For in tbo-e two voices I recognised Mrs. Xut'rell and Simon Colliv>r I * Have yon not done enough ? the woman's voice was saying, ' Has you cruelty no end. that yoa out parsne me so? Take •his money, and 1st ms go.' ! . * I most bars more,’ was tbe euwer, * Indeed, I have no more jnat now. Do, . only 6®. and I will send yon tome. I swear < ' I cannot go,' said tbe msn. . • Why T ' Never mind. I to watched.' Here tbe voice mattered some words which I could nor <Atch. * So that unless yon wish to see y-nr husband swing—and beliave me, my confes -•ion and last rising speech would not omit to •Motion tbe kind aid I bad received from yon and ciar ' Hath ! oh, bash 1 If I get yoa this Atotey will yoa leave ns in peace for a time ? ' Knowing yonr nature, I will not ask tor pity; only for a short respite. I mast tell Claire, poor girl; she does not know yet-' Quite softly my beat had drifted once more aciots tbe echoonet's bows. I pulled it eound until its noss touched tbe anchor chain, acd made tbe pointer fast. Tben •lipping my baud up the chain, I stood with my aboelsss fee: npoo the gunwale by the hows. Still grasping tbe chain, I sprang •td swung mysell out to thejibboom that, with the cant of the vessel, waa not hr above the water; tben pressed my foot between the stay and the brace, while I hung lot a moment to listen. They had not heard, for I could still catch the murmur of tbtir voices. The creak of the jibboom, and the swish of my own boat beneath, had frightened ms at first. It ■aemed impossible that it abonld not disturb them. D» after s moment my courage returned, and 1 polled myself np on to the Lowspitt, and lying almost at full length along it. for fear of bsieg spied, crawled alowlyaloog, and dropped noiselessly on to They ware standing togitbsr by the mizen . must, ha with hit back turned fall towards me, she less entirely averted, so that I coaid ••• ■ P»rt of her lacs in tbe moonlght, and the silvery gif am of her. grey hair. Yea it was they, sorely enough ; and thsy had not seta ms. Sly revenge, long waited for, waa in my grasp at last Suddenly, as I stood there watching them, I remembered my knife—tte blade which b*d slain my father. I had left it below— fool ibatlwas !—io the tin box. Could I -creep back again, and retun without atnaci vng their attention ? Should I hazard the njtemptfortbe take ot plantiog that pieoe «f steel in Simon Colliver'* black heart. It was a foolish thought, but my whole aonl was set npoo mnrder now, and tbe chance of eliyiog him with the very knife left in mp lather's wound seemed loo dear to be lightly given np. bloat likely he was . armed now, whilst U had no weapon bo' the •staked hand. Yet I did not think of this. It .merer evtn occurred to ms that he would defend himself. Srill, the thought of that knife was aweet to me •• I crouched there beneath the shadow of the bulwarks. Should Tao, or not ? I panted for a moment, node* xtded; then rots alowly erect. . A* I did so Krl- liuttrell turned for an tuilant and saw ms. . ▲a I stood there, bareheaded, with the Moonlight shining foil npon my white shir:* •leaves, I must have teemed a very ghost; ■or a look of abject terror swept across her (ace ; her voice broke off, and both her hands ware Sang op for mercy— ‘Ob, God 1 Look 1 look T I rushed forward b* tuned, and tben. .with Ueapriog of a wild cat. waa npon me. “Vs* as he leapt, my foot slipped upon the -AtSaaydeck ; 1 staggered backward one step i "-two steps—and tben fell with s crash down -4U unguarded forecast!! ladder. CHAPTER X. VXIXS a WHAT XSJRfKB I LIABHr THZ S or TBS QBXAT SR ..As my eenisi caw* gradually back I c •Utlngauh • narrow, dingy cabin, dimly 1 cut flickering oil-lamp which swung fn M|tar above. Its faint ray just revealed fssnware of the room, which consis'ed ■•••■ae'# cheat etanding in the middle, ,*•# «MBt stools. On on* of than I wanted, propped against the cabin wall ;*»th*c partition, and as I attempted to n •A team! that I was bound h»cd and foot. On tbe other stool oupusile me and N 4hs cheat, sat Simon Coili-sr, silently ey MM. The lamplight a* it flared and war cast grotesque and dancing shadows of •Man apon the wall behind, m-de of Matted hair black caves under which bis •Mamed rad as fire, and elint*e '•»>■/ , mom sitting bright lying on the cheat be Foe a minute or ao after my eyes first opsasd no word waa said. Still dizzy with my fall, I stared for a moment at tbs man the* at tbs chest, and saw that tbe bright object* gleaming there were my grand, what's kty and my watch chain, at the end of which bung the Gclden Clasp. But now «h* Clasp area fitted to its fellow and tbe Whols hackle ley united npon the boatd. . Though the bonds around mv arms, wrist*, and aoklaa caused me intolerable nin, yat my firs', feeing was rather of •eject humiliation. To be canght thus waeily, to be lying here like any ret in a ■ini this was the agonising thought. Nor •me this all. There oo ths cheat lay tbs Ooldsa C'ssp united at last—tbs work com. Fitted which waa begun with that uobol cuass.cre on board ths Balls Fortone. had played straight into Collirsi’s hand. He was in no harry, bat tat and watchad wee there with those intolerably aril eyes. His left hand was throat carelessly iota biv pocket, and as ha tilted back upon the sto • •Bd surveyed me, hie right waa plajing with «b* c'asp upon the chest. As I painfull) dwnvd my heed, • drop of blood esats trickling down into my ejwe from u cut in ■way forehead; I tew, however, mat tbe door was bolted. An empty hot Is sod • plats ol fceoksn victual* lay cwelsasly thrust in a novnae, and a villainous a mall from the tamp filled tbe whole room and almovt choked ms; but the only aouod in ths siiilneaa ot the place area th* monotoB'>us tick- tick of ay watch M it lay upon tbs chest. ’ How loog I had lain that* I could •ok gums, but I noticed that the fl or Mgstad much laaa than when I first seram-led «B deck, so guessed tbs' tbs tide must haw •Man considerably Than having -xhauated ■»T wonder. I looked again at Colliver, and Xiii M speculate how he would kill me, | ind h»" lnii* lie woerid teke about it. o! I toeod hit eolith eyes still maiding me, B wd (at e iumo'.e ot twwweatudied tteh oihtt tl ie ail-nos Titan, without amoving hit ttte, be tilted hit Stool forward, slowly drrw * a short, he»vy knits Iron hit waist-band, ■lipped it-oat of ite Shaath—ttill without 11 iakinu kit left htad from hit pocket—laid it ot the Uhl* end leant beck again. • ‘ I tappoee.’ he eeid M last, nod Terr deli- a berattly, a»if chewing bit wotds, 'yon know t that if >oa .ttempt to cejr onl ot auamoe help yon ere a deed uiau tbat instant. t * Well, well,’ be oooiiuoed, after waiting for a moment for my reply, ' at long at yon nnriantaod that, it dote not metier. Icon- , feat I thould have pi eft rred to talk with 1 you and n t merely to you. However, before 1 kill yon—and 1 anppoee you rural that I am < goinc to kill yon at toon aa I've dona witb 1 yon—I with to have jtut a word, Matter Ja-per Treuowetb.' | From the t«ue in which he laid the worda he might have been congratulating me on ( tome great good fortnne. He paueed awhile , a- if to allow the fall farce of them to rink in, and then took op the Golden Cla-p. Holding the piecee together with the fore- 1 fin get and thumb of bit right hand, he ' advanced and vhmit it light under my i ‘Do you see that ! Can you read it F l A» 1 was (till mute he walked back to the cheat and laid the Claap down again. 1 Aha r be exclaimed witb s abort langh horrible to hear, ' yon won't apeak Bat there bm been timet. Mr. Jaipur Treno watb, when yon would hare given yoar tool to lay btndt upon tbit piece of gold and ■tad what ia writtan upon it. It ia n pity yonr: bands are tied—a thonaand pities. Bat l do not with to be hard on yon, as I don't mind reading oat what ia written here. The errnet will be aafa with yoo, don't yon ace ! Qaite—>afe—with—yon.' He rolled oat tbeae last worda, one by one. with infinite relieh ; and the mockety in the d-pths of tboae area aeared me far more than my bonds. After watching the effect of hit taunt be returned bia teat upon me atool. pnl'ed tba Clasp toward! him. and aaid— ' People mignt call me teth for entruatiag theta confidence* to yon. Bat I do not mind admitting that I ow* yon tome repa r*'ion—».me anterior reparation. So, aa I don't wiab yon to die curbing me, I will be genetoua Iiieten !' He held the buckle down upon the table and read ont the inacription aa follows :— wraBT. at . rcLL .Mooir . «B*.BOOTH, roiw. 27 . rrxT . it w w . 22 . rin. W. . OP . BtSG . NOBTH .BID*. 4. FUT . G .IKCH1S . POP . AT . FOIST. of . Mirnsa . tow , watsb . 1J . houbs. He read it through twice, very tlowly, and tach time aa he oataed looked up to aea bow I took it. ' It doea not teem to make much tense, dot* it T ha asked. 1 Bat wait a minnta and let me parcel it oat into sentence*. I should not like yon to misa any of ita meaning. Listen again.’ ’ H* divided the writing np that ;— ' Start at fail moon. Knd South Point 27 feet N.N.W. 22 fest tV. of Ring. North Side. 4 feel G inches deep at point of meeting, Low water 1J boon.' _' You ttill teem pnzzled, Mr, Trenoweth. Very well, I will even go on to explain farther. The person who engraved this Claap meaot to tall na that something—1st ns say treasure, for take of argument—could be found by anyone who drew two lines from some place unknown ; on* 27ft in length in direction N.N.W. from the South Point of tbat place; the other 22lt. due West of a certain Ping on the North ride of tbat same place S i far I trust 1 make my meaning clear. Tbat which we bare agreed to oil tbe treasure lie* buried at a depth of 4ft. G.n. on the spot whrre these two lines intersect. But ■b* person (yon or I, for tbe sake of argu ment) who reeks thi« treasure must start at faH moon. Why ’ Obviously because the spring tides occur with a full moon, coo-e qaently the low ebb. We must expect, th-n, to find our treasure buried in a spot which it only nncoverad at dead low water ; and to this concinrion I am also helped by tbe la» sentence which isyt. ‘ Low water at 1} hours." It ir then, I submit, Mr. Treno weth, in some each place tbat wa must look for oar treasure; tbs only question being, " Whets ia tba place J' ’ I'was wailing for this, and a crest tide of joy awspt over ms aa I reflected tbat after all bs had not toiTed the mystery. Tbe Clasp told nothing, the key told nothing. The eeotat was safest yet. fTO 