"DEAD 'MAN'S GROOK. 2TE FINDING OF THE GREAT RUBY. A ROMOeca Br Q,. \- 'BOOK II, .. . CAPTER X. (CoszimOD) - \- TELL'i': WHAT KaisEya I LaxuoEr THE SCET oF THE GRET aRET SCoIve mat have read my thoughts, for helooked steadily at me out of those dtrk eyes of i, a then said very elowly and 4 deliberately: STrenoweth, it grieves me to taunt r-merable case, but no yon mind omy ru ae a fool?' I'implyamed in answer. Your father was a fool-a pitiful fool; ; andn area fool. Which would lead me, I ddotknow better, to believe that your grandfather, Amos Trenoweth, was a fool also I shold wrong him if I called him v tha He was a villain, a black-hearted a murderous, lold-blooded, damnable villain ; bu he was only a fool for once in his life, i and tha was whenhe rusnted in the sense of His voice, as be spoke of my grandfather, n grew suddenly shrill and discordant, while o ieyes blaed up in furious wrath. In a f seond or two, however, he calmes himself a tagain an t on quietly as before. SYo wonder, pebnaps, why I ra you a fcool, It is because you have lived for four. i 'teen years wish your hand upon riches that e would make a king jealous, and have never is had the s to grasp them; it is because s YOU have hut youear eyes, when you might ¢ 'have seenhave been a begcar when you a mighi have ridden in a carriage. Upon my II word, Mr. Jasper Trenoweth, when I think of d, ur folly I have halt a mind to be dogsick I with you myself.' d i What could the man mean? What was J this clue whi had never found ? Ad all the time it was written uponthis ft Tray here as large as life ; not only that, but, ci o la you no excuse, Amos Trenoweth v actually told you that it'was written here.' What do you mean ' stammered I, forced hi as t, 'Into speech at last, A, so yo have found your voice, havew, you? WhatdoeImean .-.'Do you mean: Thy hous et upon the sands ; and thy yoi hopes by a dead man." ' WeI asked, for-fool that I was- even yel etdid not nderstand. . he r. Jasper Trenoweth, did you never hear bo tell of ch a place as Dead Man's Rock?' The truth, the whole horrible certainty of the it, struck me as one treat wave, and rushed fc over my bent head as with the whirl and roar of of many waters. Dead Man's Rock-Dead eat Man's Rock I' It sang in my ears as it swept me f my feet for a moment and passed, poi leaving me to i and battle in the gulf -f sfa bottmles despair. And then, as if 1 really TO drowned, my past lile, with all its follies, bra -mistakes, wrecked hopes, and baseless ma dreams, shot swiftly pies in one long train the Again I saw my mother's, patient, anxious t mile, 'my father's drowned face, with the aP 'alt drop trickling from his golden hair, the rev strggle on the rock, the inquest, the awful a fae atth window, the corpses of my narests r'slretcbsd side by side upon the bed, the hot scene of the gombliog-bell with all its whit ti and desperate faces, Claire, my lost love, the river, the theatre, Tom's death, and that hc last dreadfu scene, Francesca with the drk a blood soaking her white dress and trickling ant down upon t boards. I tried to out my wh ns before my eyes, but the cords heldand p cut my arms like burning eteel. Then in a nee ash I seemedto be striding madly up and far down Oxford street, while stillin frontof me a" danced and flew the yellow woman, her gat every ;diamsn flashing in the gaselight, her cold, black-ees, as they turned andmocked A e, lazig marsh.lights of doom. Then hit cam the rinig of many bells in my he samin with, silvery laughter, as me thshhtfnds were ringing jabilantpeals e within the pit, ear Presently the sights grew dim and died ha away, t the chiming laughter still con tinned. I lookedup. It was Colliver laughing, and no .i face was of an arch-devil. rot It de me good so see ynou,' he exclaimed ; ohe, ti honey to my soul F oland a di hosand tins fool I that ever I should have net lved t triumph thus over you and your so- it Hitt vdr house,'' ent cu One m hie voice grew shrill and his an ye flashed; once more he collected him- de Yoshall hear it out,' he said. * Look In ihere,' and he pulled a greasy book from his be S'Here is annautical almanac. What th is Decemher 23, or rather come time we n the morning o 24th December, Christmas Eve. O the evening of 24th December it is Smoon, d dead low water at Falmonsa about p.m. Fate-do you believe in if ate, ie. Trbeoth !-could not have chosen the time better In something under , twenty hours one of us will have his hands upon the treasure.. Which will it ue, eb whirh wilt it he?' h Well knew which it would be, and the kbwedge was bitter asgalL. A merry Curis mae, Mr. Jasper Trens. rl weth. Peace o earth and goodwill- . You bear no malice by that time S a merry Christmas, and a merry Christmas-box. Likewise the spliments of the season, and a happy e Year to you I Where are you Ido ristmas. Mr. Trenoweth, eh ? b a thnin-passingitby the s.a Youwill eperhaps try ea, too, only you will be IN. t Thames rune swiftly when it has aecorpse m orearge. Ohso 1, i: Alkpur dredlip.ahesm+rrv maid sps It Fer lthe is, as hki sweetheart stole. my lads- sing ler the beit th.ii to l r P S id bell will toll for you, 'Treneth ; ,not yet awhile, at any t at Not till oe sweetheart is weary of "waiting- ' "" fri Adti dil has gol hi. doe, my lads- id r; , he, bat al w.ta fer yea I . X R' Both waiting for you. Mr. Trenoweth- d our sweetheart and the devil. Which shall'. ,eave you?- Lis rea, you woume sap. us AhaI am t so sure ! Bytheway, miehv I b a ges as your sweetheart's name- be itit begin with a C? Mights she bea , 'fams actress! Olaire, perhaps, shabe calls at Thersef? A I Claire's pretty eyes will go hi d with watching beforeshe sets them on you n ain Fie on you to keep so sweets maiden ' waiting, And where will you be all the time, :Mr. Jasper Trenoweth ' R, aHe stopped lass, mastered by hie fero' ity, and aitnet pantine. But 1. for.tieseond lA oslClalh'snami had? maddened me, brone oit sii ?I shall be lying with all t h ims of your accursed life. ,f s s hy r ft homyon foully mordere hi -of.li o home; dead as. those o rates yot lew uponthe BoIls ' adas my mother, whose pure a t ilgbt.of o?g o itnfernal face, " rife fed eight of roer hand- Is wr;edson adiltos, whom yea w ' •ibst deta upou-?-=': ravings, I love to hear them, nod could list?e by the hoar, dtd not time press. But I cannot have you talkiog..so loudly, yo \-- undertaad ; 'and he- ytoylegently with hie unif;?,'-also, riembtr; I i uao best Dead ken's Rock by hnlf.psast 11 to-night.' ' iend I' I'continied, ' you can kill me, if you like, but oi-ill count your crimes with my lost breath. ' Take my life syou took m frieadTorm Loveday'e -sa lifed-Tom, whom S you knifed in the dark, mist.okin him for me. Take it as you took Clair if eve S'Claire-Caire dead I' He staggered back a steep, and almost at the samemoment I tD. hought I caughl s oned on the otherid of the partition at my hack. I e ietened fo r o moeat, %e then ollndg thaet my sara had ot played re some trick, went on again : h Yee. dsad. She killed herself tonight at tie the theoatre-atabAs hersellf. Oh, God ! D oee yon think I care for your knife oea Whyof h I was going tokillmysef--to drown myselt at the very m nmeant when I heard your ifs vice and came on board. I came to kill er, you, Make the moat of it-ahoe me no t mercy, for as there is a God i eaven, I Swould have sown you none.' What'wasothat'eound again on the other side of the partition? Whateoer it was, Col. liver had not heard. for he wasr muing ,bo kly, and lomking dxediy at me, S'No, I will show yout no mercy,' he answered quietly, ' or I hTve sworn to showr no mercy to goun rate, and yon are the last of Sihr But listen, that for a few moments before i? .o.d' you may shake off your smug com. p?as cenrad learn what this wealth is, and what kind of letd you rreeoieths are. Dog !. The tre sure that lies by Dea eans hRock is treasure weighed with dead men's ceares, and stained with dead men's blood-wealth won by black piracy on the high seaa-gold for which many a poor :soul walked the plank and found ha end int the deep waters. It is tresurea scked from many a gallant ship, stripped froum many a rottig corpse, by that black hoand, your gr.nd. father, Amos Trenoweth. You guesed that? Let me tell you more. S'There is many a soul crying in heaven and bell for vengeance on your race; but your death to-night, Jasper Trenoweth, l shall be the eculiar joy of one. Yougueoned that your gra ndither hld Crimes upon his soul ; hns t y did not guess the blackest crime on his aooount-the murder of his a dearest friend. Listen. I will be brief with 1 you, butI cannot spare mysdlf the joy of latting yo know this much before you die. a tKnow then, that when your grandfather was a rich man by this friend's aid-after, with this friend's help, he had laid hsndson the o secret of the Great Ruby for which for m y b a year he had thirsed, 'in the moment of his triumph, he turned and slew that friend C in order to keep the Roby to himself 'That fool, your father, kept a Journal- which, no doubt, you have read over and be over again. Did he tell you how I caught I him on Adam's Peak, sitting with this olaep ot io his hands before a hideous graven stone ? Thnt stone wasee ct in ghanty mockery of aI that friend' face ; the bones that lay be. neath it were the bones of that Iriend. Therei, t on that very spot where I met your father, i face to face, did his father, Amts crenoweth, re trike down my father, Ralph Colliver. i ' n, light is beginning to dawn on your di illy brain at latest. Yea, pretending to pro tet theold priest, who had the Ruby he at stabbed my father with the very knife found in poor fatber's heart, stabbed him before his wife's eyes on that little lawn upon the mountain side ; and, when my helpless mother called vengeance upon him, handed the still reeking knife to her and bade her to do her worst. Ab, but she kept that knife Did you mark what weas engraved upoun the g blade ? That knife had a good memory, Mr. ce Jasier Trenoweth. 'Let me go on. As if that deed were not ey foul enough, he caused the old priest to carve-being skilful with the chisel-that ag vile distortion of Aine eaed friend's face out of a huge boulder lying by, and then murdereI him too for the Ruby's sake, ansod tumbled thelr bodles into the trough together. Such was Amos .Treanowetin r?.Al zoe ?hwe.. ei b \- w.-Wa ii" she Enow? Speak, for ;B you have seen her.' wit As he spoke I seemed to see augainu that sto yellow face, those awful, soulless eyes, and Lua hear her laugh es she gazed down from the des b.ox upon my dying love. m 'Ab, beauty goes. It went for ever on ret hat day when Amos Trenoweth spatin her mo face and taunted her as she clung to the body her of her husband. Beauty goes, but revenge, Ho can wait ; to-onight it has come ; to night a -s thoeusand dead men's ghosts shal be eglad, and swl point'a; your body as it goes tossing cot to S ea, Tonight-but let me tell the rest in a cha weord or two, for time presses. How I was thq broaught up, how my mad mother-for she is Ho mad oan evry point buo one-trained me to be the sea, how I t let it at lenth and became an In attorney's clerk, all this I need nos; dwell 1 upon. Bat all this ian the thought of tell revenge never loft me for an hour ; and if iw the bad, my mother would have recalled it. ant ' Well, we settled in .Plymouth, and I wae aud bound a clerk to your grandfather's attorney, all, still with the same purposo, There I learnt I of Amos Preaowets'e affairs, but only to Wet certain extent ; for of :the wealth which he tie, had so bloodily won I could discover nothing, Ale and yet I knew that he possessed riches my which make the heart faint even to think buh upon. Yet for all I could discover, his poe- noo sessions were simely those of a struggling A farmer, his busmnees absolutely nothing, I wea was almontdeeperate, when one day a tall, its aunt and aged man stepped into the office,- chi aeked for my employer, and gave the name of erd imos Trenoweth. Oh, how I longed to kilt fat him as he stood there ! And how little did hai ha guess that the clerk of whom he took no fan more notice than of a ft0o.e, would one day she strike his deocendaute off the face of the - eye earth- and inherit -the wealth for which he bad sold his. soul-the great Ruby of baa ' My voice trembled with hate as I an' ker onuaced him and ehowed him into the inner room. Then I closed the door and listened. bea Re was uneasy about his wall-the fool- and got did not know hat all his possessions would oul ndeceearily besme hba son'e. In my heart I do. iaughed at his ignorance; but I learnt the enough-enough to wait patiently for years,, -yo and finally to track Ezekiel Trenoweth to his - de It was about this time that I fell in love. -ba In this as in everything through life I have Fp been cursed -with the foulest luck.; but in " this as in everything else m?- patience haen won in the end. Lucy Luttrell loved another we man called Railton-John sallto: He -he was another fool-you are all fools-but she by marriel him and had a daughter. " I wonder a if yOU can gues who that daughter wvea ' . I Of . t'. a ]' ,:. ? .' . .J .. ,: ? oar power, ,nr. Jaeet ir',o,,reu-n-ree ti.es out Weir tiur-cud-~ let yiou +esi'aid: .Ones noeneatl ru Ueadetd fe Rick .when l hedemy hngeru o his our roat weasand and was stopped by nd. | honelecoue I fisherme?.• Idio~l thets the?" lull were, they'ethoghs mte .heighs. of me, tid frighteued you arid mode Ioa bitr. Faint I te, Yon-would have been dea in ,nolhbr halt it minte,.. How I-.Jaghed' ot my eleeve while nry h.t uncle of yours was-c tryong to nrko me 1m nuderstand.eme-.what was my- ?ane theun? oe oh, ay,: Geoailo.e RhodoIsaoil However, ion e" eeapewi that time ; and once more you hardly guessed how near you were to death, when I ck looked in at the window.on the night after i the uquesi. Why, in my mmnd wm toassing of up whether Or not I should murder you and a your wfhriofaced mother. I should have don so, ot thouagnt yo mighirt hold nsue knowledge of the secret after your meeting at with R aoon, so .bat it aemed better to bide Smy time' If it ire any satisfacion "to yon,' I inter. ruped, 'rio know thl t had you killed me Sthen you would never have lain hands on that teClasp y ou are wlcome to itd' ' It is,' he answered. ' am glad I did not kill yon boh ; it left s ou muiher timeto see her need husband, and has given me sthe piesures o killing sun now; tie tree tih. proves with kAeepli, Woe, let tme go oe . A fur eois tItas- frced to leave th country ford sohentome-o- ve' ywermido 1 '.For anu;her piece of villainy, which your s wife discovered,' ' - -o' Hw do youg tknow that Oh. tefrm Claire, I suppose; however, it does nth smatter. WOen .I same back I found you , toned yOnu, sad sruck again, But again 'my cumse?l ;luk too in my way, and thi.t \--friend of yours knocked me senseless. Lk at this mark on my cheek.' r Look at lre Clasp and you will ma where your sow was struck.' Ani that woe it, was it ' he said, eax. iin th/zp slowly. i I suppose you anthought it lucky at the time. So it was-to? me. Fur, thogez I" macn another mitrsker in the fog that nigh;, I got quite witn Your friend at any rate. I have chafed orta n subugb at these failures, bt~a it has all come right in the end. I ought to have killed your father upon Adeam'se Peak; but he e was a big man, while I ehad no pistol and tould I not afford to risk a mistake. Everytning, they say, comes to the man who can wait. Your father did not escape, neither will S youe, sand when I think of thejoy it was to me to know that you and Claire, of all b people-' Bnt I would hear no more. Mad as I we with shame and horror for my grandfather's e cruelty, I knew iths man, notwiths?anding his talk of revenge, to be a vile and treacher. pus scoundrel, So when he spoke of Claire I burst forth.- 'Dog, taeu is enough ! I have listenesd to i your tale. But woen you talk of Claire- -l Claire woom you killed tonight-then, dog, I et spit upoen you ; kill e, and I hope the treasure may curse you as it has cursed me ; p kill me ; use your knife, for I WILL al shout-' c With a dreadful snarl he was on me and a smote me acnoes the face, Then as I con. o tinued to cal and shoot, strcn k me t nes iarfu blowd bernit.d the earc , I remember i that the tim lamp shot out a streak of blood. In red flame, the cabin was lit for one brief 'a instant with a Iflsh of fire, a thousand lights a dlarted ouh and then-then cname utter black' to ness--a vague hmeratien of being caught up pr and carried, of plunging down--down, . CHAPTER XI. AND LAST. eb T'ELLS HOW AT LASr r FOUND nxy REVENGO hr AND THE GREAT RUBc. ce 'Speak-espeak to me Obs look 'up and bi tell me you are -not dead.' Down through the misty defiles and dark gates of the Vellse of the Shadow of Death A came these words faintly as though spoken o Tar away., So distant did they seem that my eyes opened with vague expectationof another th world ; opened and then wearily closed aFor at first they stared into a heaven of dull grey, with but a shadow between them lb and colourles space. Then they o enedl once, more aet.ihss.leal s -r- - * I w'"W nerenaoid seen that face before? ga Surely I had known it once in some other the world. Then eomehow over my wearymind of stole the knowledge that this was Mrs. the Luttrell-or was it Claire? No, Claire was tu dead. ' Uf.ire deed ?' I seemed to repent to e myself ; but how dead or where I could not I recall. 'Claire dead I' then this must be her muter, and I, Jasper Trenoweth, was lying the here, wtlh Claire's mother bending over me. is How name we so? What had happened, that -and once more the shadow of oblivion sweont down and enfolded me. it o She was stilt there, kneeling bestide me, we chalstng my hands, and every now and ha tbn speaking words of tender soliciude. How white net hair-was I It used not to in be so white asthis. And where was I lying? fr In boat? How my head was aching I Then remembrance came back. Strangeto bet fell, it began with Ciasle's death in the theatre, and thence led downward in broken tsi and interrupted train until Coiliver's face suddenly started up before me, and knew hen alt. I raised mystelft on my elbow. My brain y was thr,,bblng mntolerably, and every pulea. o-e tion seemed to shoot fire into my temples. olso other bands of fi re were clasped about nt my arms and wrists. So acutely did they burn that I fell back with a low moan and looked helplessly at Mrs. Luttrell, out Although it had been snowing, her boret tab was thrust back rom her face and hung by sat its ribbons which were tied beneath her hin. The breeze was ploaying with her di. el rdered hair-hairt now white as the snow. flakes upon it though grey -when last I had seen it-but it brought no colour toher o, ace. As she bent over me to place her cat shawl beneath my head. I saw that her blue the eyes were strangely bright and prominent. e Thank God, you ate alive I Does the wi bandage pain you ? Can you move?' e I eeby put my hand up and h felt a hand. e kerchief bound round my head. e I was afraid-oh, so afraid I-that I had been too late. Yet God only knows how I no got down into your boat-in times-and with, out his seeing me. - I knaw what he would mi do-I wae fintning behind the partition allI the time; but I was afread he would kill te you first.' -die T Ti-uhe eard 1o13 I heard all. Oh, i I were onlyc' man- he but can you stand? Are you better now? ant For we must lose no time, bel I weakly stared at her in answer. to ' Don't you see? If you can esand and sho walk, as I pray you cea, there is no time'to n be lost. -Morning is already breaking, and e by this evening youmust catch him.' .- oh ' Catch him ?' H " Ys, yes. He has gone-gone to catch the an irst tran for Cornwall, and will be at Dead Man's Rock to-tileht, Qoick'! see. if yon caennot rise.' " " Ieat op. "The wittsr had drIpped from me, forminb a great pool at oar snd she r boam In it she wa kneeliag ansd beside her lay a heavy knife and the cords with whichth Simon Colliver had bound me, . - , 'Yes,' I said, ' I wilt follow. When does T t.he first train leave Paddington? -? ' At a qnartee'pasi 9.' she answered,,' andw Sis now~abous belt past a. . You have' time t to catch in ; hut nmust disguisee yourself firsiTr He will travel by it ; there is no train beroetsh Come, let me rOW yOU .Shore." " an '' Wr~th this sie ~notled the paliner, got out w ths sculls, eel, down* upon cbs thwart oppo. m sire, and began to pull desperately .Cur shore,.a I.wonderet at her stteu'gch send skill •with-the w -;Ah.'. -she said, 'I see- ait.what' you are d wondering Remember thaiG I was a sailer's wife Coca, end, without strength ho. should j Ihave drartoed you on board this boat " .. -.Hew dii you manege'it ?' - 'I cannot tell; . only know that I btasotw a_ splash as I wsis?d -under the bsws dither. and then began with my hands to fend she h boat sarond the sohonner- trr dear ht. ;I had? te hr veer silent;. " 4r firsi I court see noihieg, for it was deok towardsetns shore! ;re bar. ] cried to H~eavee to rpaee you for veno ,eranie tin ehat~man, -and then I saw some- -'? thbins bleuk lyisig across -the w.crp, and knew . it was ynu,' I .gave- aiz ring -pnth,. th?en hi ru?shed to the bows'-and caught you byt the,|w hair. I got you round by the sern' me gently hi as could, and- then-pute y u on board[gI sontehow-tcrtunot remember ext'ly how I] i' did it.' -... -T - 7. . - .. . 'I?dheoyou? - " 'No,, for he. meet hawegonehselow di.reolly. |'o ,I ,riwedounder :the shauw, of the ?lighter to] whichwswer*er tied jo't n.ow, and an I did so, ,, thoughbt .1 heard him catting me byname,- H?ei maust bass forgotten me. and then suddenly, rememnbered fria as yetX-h~iat not given .htm b Ithe mouse. H~owever, presenily I beard him| e 'gettiug 'into hls boat? and rownlugashhre. He* Icams quite elOe in" .ss-ao r?a -that I could f| hi~r, him, ouretog, mud. 3roochai_ down .in the- , abd•s for! fert of mylife., .But he taassd{ oa a? nd got out at he' steps yonder,"' ft.waqF s nowlugt tbei times, snd tlahelat dl se.- ,|. • 1 0 t our .SNepu.ted &,Wotke tor tw in s enan b a W I wnsi t s ca roa I y*I bwas aen and k te. one, pinD I chik I mw they bhav ooie 'f o fai.ndte and l.ni for ebea I-4,fOt to o havel boo for int i stitit ilking,·bonqJ s myself ou half ret fiber theo rbuad whihc d h h hear' hie and amolt in' spitef o myoellf aked,' Yoe .You s btYes 1 heard.: She nodded o •imply .be h ?hs'r Insm , and in idl them was seet su made me start: S1 Jiustihen the boat tnaehd t ...."--? tier flight of sair, tated wi h ree~ounoe to ing high water mark .andovered now with now _i.e made ft the? ? b o ve 'This was the wy he wnt,' she matterei I 'me -Track him, tack him eo his death m spae e I dtg him no single pang to make that hdeth ,ide miserale. Her low voice Positiveoltrembled I with concentrated hrte, i Steay,' she said, ter, have YoU money 2' ue ai sddenly re eemb d that I had givene il hat the money on me to Bagoall for getting out my bot, and told her t At the same qot momet, to, thougabt upon the tin box e a still lying under the boat' stern, L stepped the aft and pulled it out. Io 'er ,' he said money that o I was to have gl i , o t tryin notes.. iL'aks tall.rt apo-undslt:i, i at Bi you?' I h=sitted. as i 'Never mid me Take it-take ii al. P What do I want with money ifyo only kill bm oliet?' lot I bentand kitssd he had a, S,'As Heaven ia my wise. ,,' I said, it alta 1 hbe bi life or mine. Tne sol olone of n l. . rald never see to-morro'.' - SHer hand was cold as ice, and her pale face el over sheanged. f S'Kill aim,' she said, simply. h I tuned, und climbd the stepsa. By this . time day bed broken, en, d the e was D lu streked with sngry flehee of crimson. The tl Ort ind swept through my dripping clothe and t an froze my aching lima , to he marrow Up ra t tue river came floatiug a heavy pall of fog, h in out of which the masts showed like grisly j Sskeleons. The no storm har not quite tb d csued, and a ateay flake or two came brsh a fosg acros my face. So dawned my Christmas sre I gained the l op, I mled to r look downt t. She was still rthdie g there, watching me. ii Sing me took, se waved her arms, and I a e eard her hoarse whisper, Kill him! Kill Jl him ! Kill him I, I left her standing so, and turned away; B: is but in the many ghoste that haunt my no e eulitary days, not the least vivid is the g phantom of this whi e-haired woman on the p I blck and silent river, eternally beconing, 'Y'ill him ' g' ot in I found myself in a yard strewn with tll 0 timber, spthr and refuse, halt hidden beneath the snow. From it a flight ol rickety stone eld I steps led to a rotting door, and thence into e the street. Here I stood for a moment, ma pondering on my next step. Not a soul lan so abroad so early ; but I must quickly got a change of litihea somewbere; at preeut Il d tood in my torn drees trousers and soaked shirt. I passed up the treet, my shoelessl feet making the first prints in the nerly. l fallen snow. Te first ? No; for when I l looked more closely I saw other footprints, eelt already halt oliateld, leadooing up thep street. These must be Simon Colliver' e tro followed them for ahout t handred yards past ihe shuttered windowse Suddenly they turned into a shop door, Ia and then esemed to leave it again. The 'o shop was closed, and above it hang three brats balls, each covered now with a e.ov by cap. Above, the blinds were drawn down, tti, I h on looking again, I saw a chink of light bar between the shutter,. I knocked, After a short pause, the door was opened. mel I A redeyed, villainous face peered out, and plea seeing me, grew blank with wonder, Jaen What do yon was t ?' inquired at length to nthe voice belotning to it. I 'To buy a fresh suit of clothes. See, I il I hare fallen into the river.' th Muttering something beneath his breath, the thepawnbroker opened hie door, audlet. I Biala lP ith" astir msleiiolent eye o1 ave gluess, while a hideous Chinese idol, behind T the counter, poked out his tongoe in a frenzy tinl of mallirity. But my eye wandered past neat these, and was fixed in a moment upon some. tout thing that glittere upon the counter, That now something was my own watch. aevem Folowtlug my gaze, the man gave me a jwI quick, suspicions glance, hastily caught up l the watch, andwsas bestowing it on one of hiot shelves, when I said- thlI Where did you get that held SQuite innocently, sir, I swear. I bought hos it of a gentleman who came in just now, and thou would not pawn it. I thought it was his, so decii that if you belong to the Force, I hope-' asi "Gently, my friend," said I ' I am not in the poliate, so you need not be inasch a sarL fright. Nevertbrlees, that watch ismine ; I can tell you.the number, itf ou don'tes believe it.' t - . He ouehed the watch acrosa to me and and said, still greatly Irlghtened-- hist 'I am cnre you may see it, sir, with all my loosl heart. I wouldn't for worlds-' 'I 'What did you give for itr - gan He hesitorntd a momoent, and then, as greed soau overmastered fear; repliedB- neat 'Fifteen pounds, sir ; and the man would wort not-take a peony less. Fifteen good pounds! the I I swear ir, as I am alive I' Although I saw that the man lied, I drew out three ifive-pound notes, laid them onthe conf table, and took my watch. This done, I J said- yon, 'Now I want you to sell me a suit of Will clothes, and aid me to dieguise myselt little O~herwise--' neat 'Don't talk, nir, about "otherwise." I'm na sure I shall be onlt too glad to rig you out to catch the thiel. You can take rour pick of m the suits here; they are mostly seamen's, to cu be sure; but you'll find other as wi ell While, as for disguie., I flatter myself for mont getting up a fae-' tol 1 Here he stopped esuddenly. - B ' How long has he been gone! like 'About halt an boor before yoeu came. But bhg nodonbt you know wherehe'd be-likely to M go and I won't be more than twenty minutes setting yon completely to rights.' ' In lea, then half, an hour afterwardsI B stepped ont into the street so completsely disguised that none of mr friends-that ist seat I had, posesesed a friend in the world-would lal; bhae ecogn1ed me. I had chosen a siloae T suit, that being the character I kuew myself nisha best able to sustain. My pale face had turned to a brooe-red, while over its smoothly- tll, shaven surfsce now grew -the roughest of said nntrimmed bards. Snow was falling still, eo that Collivee'S footprints were entirely pal obliterated. But I wanted them no longer. ti' Hewould be at Paddinton, I knew ; and L accordingly I turned my feet in that dlrec- was tion, and walked rapidly westward. : his ' Sy chase had begun. t had before- me pan plenty of time in which to reech Paddington, and the ex--rciee of walking did me- god. tim relaxing my atiffeanedi limbs until at length I thi scarrely felt the..pain. of the weals where to. the cords had cut me. It was snowing sho persistently, but I -hardly noticed 'c Through the chlU and sullen morningI held dtggedly on my way, past St Katharine's 555 Wharf, Ohs Tower, throouh G acechurch tI street, and out into St. -Paul'. Cbhuchyar, dat Traffic was already begioning here, and wh ehickened rm' I passed down Ludgare Hill of and otimbed np to Holor.n' Already the imp white snow wu being churnsd and trodden not into hideona slush' in which my feet slipuod ad and stumbled. My-soat and: sailor's -p bet were covered with powdery flaknt, and I had re hold myhead- down. for fear iaut, the Th driltini' moisture should wash any of the it colouring oil my fce., So my feet carried me 'oe-i-m-.re into Orford' streret. Row wellt 'remembered was every hbone, every lamp- chi post, every flag of the pavement almost I I sri was rn my last qu'st now. - " '- . bel t.o-n ieh t ! . . to n ig h t !' - " w hispere d . .. " revenge.. ... we Boddonty a•"hansom cab shot -past.' I~t. ni came op allently on the rlouhy street, audlir ti was onlywhen it waa close behind -that I J i heard ths mulled sound of its Whsels.' It wa early, yet for cabs, to that Iturnedmr en head at the sound-t paIsed in a flsh, and b lve me but· n limpead of 'he occupant; :ait in that momsntI had time to catch sight of pair of eyes, and .keW 'now that my jouiney would not he in vain; Theywere. the eea s 'of Slion Coll1ve...- fla 0"- So-thenin"-.Orfrdsitre l aftelr ai.,I bad ibl !' met him. Hewas cleverly disgniasd-aai e -' gueised bythesame bsnldt,thahd paioted my own face endllooked, to .the ueanl-eh he n hut ?sa ordinarabeams', Bucart could not p chanaethboe maevellonaeyes, and I know hidon an tilet; My" beers leapt -wildly f o'iimoment-my bands wee. clentdhiada : teeth' shuit "tight i'but the ailt I' was P pieddalmgste him as blabres'.I' could wi " y ,,f:: ,- . T ? ',: "?: ., . ,:;,.:;, c i. · . 