CHAPTER VI. 10.THE DAT’s END. i was indeed high time for them to tun. On every side the company of the BU«k Arrow was making for the hill. Some being he’ter runners, or having open ground to ran apon, had far oatatipped the others, and were already close apon the goal ; some following valleys, had spread out to right aud left, and outflanked the lads on either Dick planned into the nearest cover. It waa a tall grove of oake, firm under foot, and olear of underbrush, and ae it lay down bill, they made good_ speed, There followed • piece of open, which Dick avoided, holding to hi* left. Two minutes after, and the same obstacle arising, the Uda followed the same o <ur«n, ^Thq* it f.Unwed that, ' u bending continually to the left, drew nearer and nearer to the high road and the rivet which they had crossed an hour.o* Cff0*.beiora«. the^ great bulk of-their poranera were leaning to the other hand, and running t award a Tana tall, The lade paused to breathe. There was no sound of par suit. Jack pat bis ear to tbo ground, and Btill there was nothing ; oae the wind, to be sure, still made a tar* moil in the treoB, and it was hard to make certain. ' On again,* said Dick ; and tired as they were, and Mafccham limping with bis injured foot, they pulled themselves together, and once more pelted down the hill. Three minutes later they were breasting through a low thicket of evergreen. High | overhead the tall trees made a continuous roof of foliage. It was a great pillared grove,, as high as a cathedral, and except for the hollies among which the lads were struggling, open and smoothly awarded. On the other aide, puahing through the laat^ fringe of • evergreen, they blundered forth again into the open twilight of the 4 Stand !' cried a voice. And there, between the huge atoms, not fifty feDt before them, they, beheld a stoat fellow in green, Bore blown with running, who instantly drew an arrow to the head and covered them. Matcham stopped with a cry ; bat Dick, without a pause, ran straight upon the forester, drawing his dnggar as he went, The other, whether be was Btartled by the daring of the onslaught, or whether he was hampered by his orders, did not shoo-.; he stood wavering ; and before he had time to to come to himself, Dick, with a great cry, bounded at his throat, and sent him sprawling backward on the tnrf. The arrow wont one way and the bow another with a sounding twang, The disarmed forester grappled his assailant; but the dagger shone and descended twice, Thon came a couple of groans, and then Dick rose to his feet again, and the man lay motionless, stabbed to the heart, ' On,' said Dick ; and he once more pelted forward, Matoham trailing in the rear. To aay truth, they made hot poor speed of it by now, labouring dismally as they ran, and catching lor their breath like fiah. Matcham had a cruel stitch, and his head swam ; and as for Dick, his knees were like lead. Bat they kept up the form of running with nndimmisbsd courage. Presently they came to the end of the grove. It slopped abruptly, and thsre, a few yards before them, was the highroad from Kislngbam to Sboreby, lying at this point, between two even walls of forest. At the Bight Dick paused and as soon as he stopped rnnniog, he became aware of a confused noise, which rapidly grew louder, It was at first like the rush of a very high gust of wind, but soon as It beoame more definite, and reBolved itself into thegaUoping of horseB ; and then, like a flash, a whole company of nen-ac-arme came driving roand the corner, swept before the ladB, and were gone again npon the instant. They rode as for their lives, in complete disorder ; some of them were wonnded; riderless horses gal. loped at their aide with bloody saddles. They were plainly fugitives from the great battle, The noise of their passage bad acarce began to die away towards Sboreby) before fresh hoofs came echoing in their wake, and another deserter clattered down the road; this time a tingle rider, and, by bis splendid armour, a man of high de gree. Close after him there followed several baggage-waggons, fleeing at an ungainly canter, the drivers flailing at the horses aB if lot life. These mnst have run early in the day; but their cowardice waa not to Bave them. For just before they came abreast of where the lade stood wonderiog, a man in hacked armonr, and seemingly beside himself with fury, overtook the waggons, and with the truncheon of a sword, began to cat the drivers down. Some leaped from their places and plunged into the wood; the others he sabred as they sat, enrsing them the while for cowards in a voice that was scarce human. All this time the noise in the distance had continued to increase ; the rumble of carts, the clatter of horses, the crieB of men, a great confused rumour, came swelling on the wind ; and it was plain that the root of a whole army wa^ pouring, like an inundation, down the Dick stood Bombre. He hod meant to follow the highway till the tarn for Holy, wood, and now he had to change bis plan. Bat above all, he had reoognised the colonrs of Earl Risiogbam, and he knew that the battle had gone finally against the roBe of Lancaster. Had Sir Daniel joined, and waa ha now a fugitive and rained ? or bad he deserted to the aide of York, and was be forfeit to honour ? It was an ugly choice. 'Come,* he said, sternly; and, turning on his heel, he began to walk forward through the grove, with Matoham limplog In hit For tome time they continued to thread the forest in silence. It was growing late ; the son waa setting in the plain beyond Kettley; the tree tops overhead glowed golden ; but the shadows had began to grow darker and the chili of the night to fait, * If there were anything to eat!' cried Dick, suddenly, pausing as be Bpoke. Matcham Bat down and began to weep. ' Ye can weep for your own sapper, bat when it was to save men's lives, yonr heart waa hard enough,' said Dick, contemptu ously. ' Y’ 'ave seven deaths upon your conscience, Master John ; I'll ne'er forgive yoa that,’ ' Conscience!' cried Matcham, looking fiercely np. ’ Mine 1 and ye have the man's red blood npon your dagger ! And wherefore did ye slay him, the pour soul ? He drew his arrow, bnt be let not fly ; he held yon in bis band, and spared yon ! 'Tie aa brave to kill a kitten as a man that not defends him Dick was struck dumb. ' It wub a coward blow,' returned Matcham. ' Y’ are bnt a lout and bully, Master Dick; ye but abuse advantages; let there come a stronger, we will see yon truckle at his boot 1 Ye care not for vengeance, neither—for yonr father’s death that goes unpaid, and his poor ghost that olamonretb for justice. But if there come bnt.a poor oreatnre in yonr hands that iacketb skill and strength, and would befriend yon, down Bhe shall go T Dick was too furious to observe that ' Marry I’ he cried, ' and here la news I Of any two tbs one will still be stronger. The better man throweth the worse, and the worse la well served. Ye deserve a belting, Master Matoham, lor yonr ill-guidance andnnthank* fulness to meward ; and what ye deserve ye •hall have.’ And Dick, who, even in hiB angriest temper,' still preserved he appearance of composure, began to nnhnckl- his bait. ‘ Here shall be yonr sapper,' he said, Matcham had stopped his tears ; hs was as white as a sheet, bnt he looked Dick stealily in the face, and never moved. Dick took a step, swinging the belt, Then he paused, embarrassed by the large eyes and the thin, weary. face of hia companion, Hia courage began to subside. , ' Say ye were in the wrong, then,* he said, lamely. ‘ Nay,' said Matoham, ' I was in the'right. Come, cruel! I be lame; I be weary ; I resist not ; I ne'er did thee hurt; come, beat me, coward 1' ' Dick raised the - belt at this last provoca tion ; bnt Matcham winced and drew him eslf together with sc crnel an apprehension, that his heart failed him yet again. The strap fell by his side, and he stood irreso lute, feeling like a fool. 1 A plagne upon thee, shrew !' he said, ' An ye be so feeble of hand, ye should keep the closer guard npon yonr tongue. Bat I'll be hanged before I beat yon 1' and he pat on his belt again. 1 Beat yon I wilt not,’ be continued j ' but forgive yon ?—never. I knew yon not; ye were my master's enemy : I lent yon my horse; my dinner ye bave eaten ; y’ ’ave ealled me a man o’ wood, a ooward, and a bully. Nay, by the mail I the measure is filled, and runneth over. 'Tie a great thing to be weak, I trow; ye can do yonr wont, yet ehall none pnni‘h you ; ye may steal a man’s weapons in the hour of need, yet may tbe man not take bis own again—y’ are weak, forsooth > Nay, than, if one cometh charging at yon with a lance, and orietb he ia w«»k, ye must 1st him plerae your body through! Tut 1 fool words 1’ ’ And yet ye beat me not,’ retnrnea Matoham, ' Lst be,’ said Dick—' let be. I will in. struct you. Y' ' ave been illnu'tursd, meihinks, and yet ye have the makings of some seed, "mi, beyond all question, saved me from tbe river. Nay, I h»d forgotten it; 1 am as thankless us thysrlf. But come, let ns on. And we be for Holywood this n’ght, ay, or to morrow early, wo had bert Bet for ward speedily.' But though Dick bad talked himself back into his usual good humour, Matcham had forgiven him nothing. His violence, the recollection of the forester whom he had slain—above all, the vision of the upraised belt, were things not easily to be forgotten. ‘ I will thank you, for the form's sake,' said Matoham ' Bnt, in sooth, good Master Bhelton, I had liever find my way alone. Here is a wide wood; prithee, let each choose bisp.th ;l'awe yon a (linnet and a lesson. Fate ye well 1' Nay,’, cried Dick,' if that beyoortnne, so be It, and a plague be with yea 1’ Each turned aside, And they began walking off asyetally, with no thought of the direc tion, intent eolely on their quarrel. But Dick bad not gone ten pacea ere his name after ca"et*' an“ Matcham came tanning 1 Dick,’ he eatd, 1 it were unmannerly to put ao coldly. Here ia my hand, and my heart with it. For all that wherein yon have so excellently served and helped me—not for the form, but from the heath I thank yon. Fare ye right well.’ ’ Well, lad,’ returned Dick, taking the band which wae offered him, ’goodBjpeed to you, if speed you may. But I misdoubt it shrewdly. Y’ are too disputatious.’ , So then they separated for the second time; and presently it was Dick who was running after Matcham. ’ Here,’ he said, • take my cross bow : ahalt not go unarmed.’ * A arose bow 1’ said Matcham. ’ Nay, boy, I have neither the strongth to bend nor yet the skill to aim with it. It were’ no help to me, good hoy. But yet I thank you.’ The night had now fallen, and under the treea they could noj;ionger read each other's ’ I will go some little way with you,’said Dick.. ' The night is dark. I would lain leave you on a path, at least . My mind mis giveth me, y’ are likely to be lost.’ ■■ Without anymore words, he began to walk forward, and the other onoe more followed him. The blackness grew thicker and thicker; only here and there, in open places, they saw the sky, dotted with small stare. In the distance, the noise of the root of the Lancastrian army atill continned to be faintly audible; but with every step they left ■t farther in the rear. At the end of half an honr of silent progress they came forth npon a broad patch of heathy open. It glimmered in the light of the stars, shaggy with fern and islanded with clamps of yew. And here they paused and looked npon each other, a • uuhah'.ihb ' Y’ are weary,' Diok said, . I am so weary,' answered Matohsm', that methinks I could lie down and die.' I hear the chiding of.'a river,’ returned Dick. Let us go ao far forth, for I am sore athirst.' The ground eloped down gently; and, sure enough, in the bottom, they found a mnr* moving liver, running among willows. Here they threw themselves down together by the brink ; and potting their mouths to the level otittun pool, they drank their fill. Dick, said Matcham, 'it may not be. I can no more. t flaw a pit as we came down,* said Dick. I»et ua lie down therein and eleep.' _ 'Nay, but with all my heart!* cried Matcham. The pit was sandy and dry ; a shock of bramblea bang upon one hedge, and made a partial shelter; and there the two lads lay down, keeping close together for the eake of warmth, their quarrel all forgotten. And soon Bleep fell upon them like a cloud, and under the dew and state they rested peace (TO BB CONTINUED.) 