local and General. HELD OTTO.—Good Templary"; concert at Auburn ; sporting news ; county news— to make room for full account of the tragedy at BlacMown. THS DEATH is recorded of Mr. George Bouse, of Mudgee, father-in-law of Mr. C. B. Cairnes, J.P., acci- of Parramatta. TKKDEB ACCEPTED.—The tender of Mr. Thomas Wearne, for £260, has been accepted for weathefahedB and improvements to the Public School at Bandwick. HASKS are said to be har(e)B*ing the fruitgrowers of Horasby. Babbits have also been reported in Central Cumberland—but some people don't know rabbits from hares. DR. M'DOWJJUJ, of Prospect, who was injured while out with the Sydney Hunt Club hounds, is rapidly recovering at the Parramatta District Hospital; and his many friends will be glad-to hear that he will soon be about again. 0»n a Doo On Wednesday evening some lover of " the faithful brute " had occasion to regret the loss of a loved animal, when a passing cart ran over and extinguished the life of a valuable and handsome fox terrier dog on Lennox Bridge, Parramatta. ELECTRIC LIGHTING will be again discussed by the Parramatta aldermen this evening. Aid. Dixflon will present a report showing that the street lamps of the borough can be lit by benefits ot gas would have the electric light extended to them in addition. TYPHOID.—Yesterday (Tuesday) morning a man named Denis Geuiny, about 30 years of age, was brought to the Parramatta District Hospital from Prospect He is suffering from a pevpre attack of typhoid fever. On leaving the Hosnital the ambslance waggon came to grief. The driver was making a sharp turn near Ferris, Wilson andCo'a. shop, Church and Phillip streets, and having but little room by reason of the road making operations going on, came in contact with the kerb and toot the corner badly, the result bong that the nave of the front wheel on the near side wsj smashed. SEBIOUB ACCIDENT.—On Saturday last a man named William Hanley was.admitted to the Parramatta District Hospital suffering from severe scalds on the legs and body. It appears that on Monday last a pipe at the Prospect water works, where Hanley was employed as an engineer driver, burst. The steam and escaping water enveloped the man before be could get away, and ere he was rescued he was terribly scalded. He was treated at Prospect for three days ; but as he seemed to grow worse itwas deemed advisable to send him to the hospital. He is progressing towards recovery as well as can be expected. EXTRA ACCOHXOBAWOK AT THE PABBAMATTA POST OFFICE.—Mr. Hugh Taylor, M.P., has received the followingletter from the Postal authorities:—"Sir,—With reference to the questions which you asked in the Legislative Assembly on the 6th instant on the subject of the accommodation at the Post and Telegraph Office, Parramatta, I am directed to inform you that, in accordance with the promise made by the Postmaster-General, a Postal Inspector has visited the office, and it would appear from his report that if the screen or partition which divides the sorting portion from the rest of the office were moved Mxrat a yard nearer the Money Order Office, end (lie partition on one side of the latter moved a similar distance towards the door, ample accommodation for all requirements would be' afforded. Mr. Roberts has approved of these alterations being made, and the Department of Public Works has accordingly Men asked to take t£e necessary stepB to have the work carried ont.—I have, etc., J. DALGA&KO;, Acting-Secretary." WOMAN IS CODBT.—Mr. H. Byrnes, J.P., who appears to have quite a Tony Wellerian objection to women (in . court)—although whether it is intensified in the matter of " widdere " is known only to himself—on Monday promptly sat upon one of the sex who unconsciously invited that awful judicial infliction. In tiie cab case, reported in another oolumn, defendant's wife, who was cot a witness, desired to rive his Worship her view of the situation. " Now you sit down,'' said Mr. Byrnes, with one of hu extra A 1 at Lloyd's magisterial frowns, " I can speak to a man in court but not to a woman." And the good lady, who had evidently made every preparation for the " eventful occasion," walked out with a sad " crashed again " expression. We should very much like to hear her unbiassed onion of Mr. B.—say his fitness for the P.M. ip—as expressed, to her next door neighbour when discussing the s&sir; that evening over the back fence. \- THB COBRORAIZOIR BATHS IH PAEHAMATTA will, it is said, be opened formally next month, when, it is stated, a mayoral banquet will be hdd to commemorate the occasion. It is also probable that Mr. Byrnes will take the inaugural "header" into the basin from the Bpring-board, to be followed by a procession of aldermen in diving costume, supported by Mr. S. Wickham, arrayed tat naturel; Mr. Love, in a coat of asphalt; and Mr. P. Hayes, bearing an alpenstock to represent hie historic stick. Aid. Taylor, in his capacity as M.P. for the boroogh, wiilrtoeire the wet body Corporate on a paper gondola constructed out of old votes and proceedings by anew process. Aid. Beanes will be the master of ceremonies. Aid. Brodie will sacrifice as a votive offering chips bom his destroyed cornices, fragments of disconnected water pipe from Amoe-Btreet, May's Hill, and the liver wing of a turkey. Aid. Cox will bring effulgences from Death's Hole; and altogether the proceedings promise to he most imposing and interesting. ' BAPTISM or GUSKS CATBCBKWSSB.— On Sunday morning last three Chinese catechumens were baptised by the Bev. J. D. Murray, at the PreBbyterianChurch, Parramatta. The service throughout was of a character appropriate to the event, the hymns,. prayers, and lessosB having a bearing upbri the admission of believers into visible membership of Christ's Church on earth. The text of the pastor's discourse was taken from Ads x., 47, " Can any man foririd water, that these should not be baptised which have received the Holy Ghost as well as we P" The preacher, in the course of his impressive and interesting remarks, drew attention^ to the circumstances connected with the reception of Cornelias into the etrly Church by the Apoitle Peter. After the virion of the thrice-lowered sheet, the Apostle comprehended the Divine admonition, " what the Lord - hath cleansed that call not thou common." In the opinion of the rev. speaker, one of the mistakes of some professing Christians of this age was that they endeavoured to limit, in as it were a oage of iron, the operations of God and the good of man. The deductions to be drawn from that morning's' lessons were;—Firmt, that those who seek •* shall find "; secondly, that promptness was necessary in mattsis appertaining to salvation; and, thirdly that teachers and hearers were ever being prepared for each other. Tie three catechnmenn were then examined; and, the nsnalquestions having been answered, the Sacrament of Baptism was administered. The Chinese pastor, under whose ministration his three country iuen had been led to decide cpon embracing Ch nstianilr. officiated as interpreter dating the service. short address after the ceremony, the Bev. Mr. Murray commended the newly received members of the Church with confidence to the care, lore, and brotherhood of his Communion. Sr. JogM'sPABXtPsBBAnsrafCSiioriia^be between the trustees of St John's Park, Pairsmatta, and the committee of St. John's Church, will be held in St John's schoolroom this evening. It is proposed to devise means to remove flu obstruction to extensive traffic at thojgatas, of the park, and to «n*nie for asphaltingthe paths. We have lo nocnSmjutof ahamffais .vandalism la -connection with'ths park. lt will be remembered that psipe time agoths trustees, at considerable eijjiMjcv provided iron •eats for the convenience of £oe public. One of these has been destroyed, sndall have beep more or less.disfigured aid injured. If-tbe delinquents could be discerned they shoald be tarred and fe&thered.; ... TKS IFLIOOD GATES NXAB LXNLFOX BKIOOB.— On Monday Mr. Williams, an engineer in the Harbotasand Hirers branch of the Public Works Department, and two other jrablio officials, visited Parramatta, having been instructed to meet Mr. H. Taylor, M.P., and accompany Urn to the site of the proposed Ami-gates and wall in the Parramatta river, belowTLenpox -Bridge. The officers were conducted by Mr. Taylor to the spot, and, after, a close -examination and survey, which lasted'two or three hours, the party left. Mr. Williams has been "requested by the Department to have the work carried out as quickly as possible, at a cost of £600, and .before very long it will be begun. The flood-gates will imprison the water, andthus not only will the sewage king in the vacinity of the bridge be perpetually covered, bat there wiU be a broad sheet of water where there now is an unlovely vista of slime and rocks and' garbage. The boon to Parramatta will be inestimable, both as a sanitary improvement and from an artistic standpoint. - A PUBLIC MKETI&'G to form a branch of the Australian Natives Association will be held in the Masonic TTall, Geerge-atreet, Farramatta, on Friday evening next, at 8 o'clock. The Mayor, Mr. C. J. Byrnes, is will b* held in the Presbyterian u, uuturuu-aueet, Parramatta, to-morrow erening. The Bev. 3. D. Murrey win preside, and addresses wiU be delivered by two ot the missionaries and local clergymen. AEAJOH Dure, the eminent lecturer, will speak at the Victoria Theatre, George-street, Parramatta, to-morrow evening, on " Sights and Scenes in London, the Great Metropolis of Contrasts." The Postmaster-General has declined to grant certain postal exemptions claimed by the friendly societies under tfce Friendly Societies Act. 