TALE. Within an Ace. A hot summer'h day was drawing to its close, and the sultry, stagnant, air was stirred with tho faintest possi >lu breezy, us I sat on tho Rhino Quay at Cologne, waiting for the arrival of the steamer for Rotterdam. Not that I was going to Rotterdam, but to Dordrecht, ft quaint, old, Netherlandish town, whero I oxpectod to join my mother and sister. The latter had been sketching all the summer among the old towns of Holland; sno has an enthusiasm for tho Dutch school, an enthusiasm that i« hardly shared by h. r brother, who hud deserted tho sketching party and taken u line of his own, leading up the Rhine and through the recesses of the Black Forest. The Rbine boat was late, hours late—u thing I had no reason to grumble at, for my train had also been an hour or two late, nnd had the boat been punctual 1 should have missed it. And there was no hardship in waiting. There wjih the Rhine in front, broad and ma,jiwtio, with its strong, impetuous oarrent and swirling eddies, while gay Dutch barges floated down or were anchored in the stream, mixed up with huge timber rafts; and great, noisy tugs laboured up against tho stream, with long strings of barges in their train. There, too, was the bridge of boats, \- its dark, undulating line running from shore to shore, and beyond the bridge long reauhes of tho river stretched out to the low horizon ill a doubtful kind of httzc, Out of tho haze every now and then cimo a steamer with glittering lights, hooding and whistling 011 it* way, and thon tho bridge of boats would part iu tho middlo, and tho steamer come panting down. But not tho right one. Darkness came on, lights glittered every whero . on tbo stream, stars glimmered through the soft haze, but still no Rhine boat. Hitherto I had been tho only passenger waiting on the quay, but now two ladies appeared, attended by an old, grizzled servant who ourried thotr btig^iigo—uiily one light portmanteau. Assured that they wero still in timo for tho boat, tho travellers seated themselves on tho saino pile of pnekimrcases, whero I had already found a C-... fortablo nook, mid dismissed their attendant, who s.ilutcd them respectfnlly and departed. But the man, as ho passed me, gave me a strange, searching glance, that seemed full of covert hostility. I met his glance with a smile that was' perhaps a little superoilious, for the man seemed to bo lashed into a rage, and ho half turned tow«rd me, but thinking better of his purpose, whatever it might havu been, slunk away, muttering and probably cursing under his I breath. Then I looiced curiously at the ladies, who hud been attended by this orossgraiuod fellow. Tliey wero mother and daughter, no doubt. Tuo elder woman had a handsome, clever fuoe, which timo and probably trouble had rendered stern and worn. Tho daugnter resembled the mother, she was strikingly handsome, but there was a worn and sorrowful look in her face, and her beautiful dark-graj eyes seemed uharged with unshed tears. Before long I felt myself in turn tho subject of tho elder lady's scrutiny, and, strange to •ay, my apptarauce excited' tho same antipathy as with the serving man. A stern, indiguant glance was hurled iu my direction, nnd then tlie mother turned to her daughter with a few earnest words. . Tho girl started violently and our ojes mot. Never shall I forget that look; the love, reproach, despair that shone in those beautiful eyes, the magnetic influence of which seemed to penetrate my very soul. Still it was so evident that here was a case of mistaken identity, for thii Indie* were absolute straugers to me, that. I determined to olear up the mutter, and rising and saluting the pair, I made soruo c. n union pi Kct! lvuwrk in French to the elivot that the boat was very late. The sound of iny voice, or perhaps the English accent of my French, seemed to break the spell of some delusion. The elder lady replied quickly with a smile, and in excellent English ; " Ah, you are English after all; wa thought we recognised a compatriot, formerly known to us. The likeness is remarkable, is it not, Olga?"' turning to her daughter. Tbo girl replied with a simple gesturo of assent, a* if she conld not trust herself to spealt. Her face had lost tho glow of cscitf ment, and had relapsed into its former pathetio calm. The ico was broken. I was soon engaged in an animated conversation with the cider lady, and the daughter was occasionally drawn to join the talk. They were evidently cultivated people, excellent linguists and acquainted with general European literature. In their society,time flew so rapidly that it was something of a surprise when our boat actually drew up to the quay. just, as thn midnight h»nr was tolled out from the gToat Domkirche, and echoed from all around. The steamer was crammod with fruit baskets, piled high abovo the deck, leaving . hardly standing-room for passengers, of whom, however, there were very few. Carrying the light portmanteau of my companions, as well as my own, I led tho way to tho fore part of the vessel, whero a spacs hid been kept olear of fruit baskets. Tho night was calm and genial, and we agreed that it would bo hotter to camp out on deck than to descend into the saloon, and, arranging mis and shawls, camp-stools uni portmanteaus, wo settled ourselves co-nf. irtu'ily to continue outtalk. Soon thi> b i.at W in on tho move, und wo passed awny frn;u tho twinkling lights of ilio city, and from the ro-ir and l- ittlo of t.lio i ruins on tlio {front, latti.vd railway bridge, into tho gloom and ealm of tho silent river. Tor a timo wr l'-oked back upon tho huge I'liiln drii' tO',T''i'M, touo icd hold and thorn by r.lively flakes i.f moonlight; bir theso soon disnypeurod in Mio mist of night, and tho low und indist.innt shores wero lost altogether in tliu hany gloom. Thus wo travelled on, cut adrift- as it wore from tho evcry-day worH—ns far un night :ind sounds wore concerned wo might hnve V-en sailing half-way between earth and sky. Anil thus wo throe, who nnd boon thrown together hap azard on thin summer nigh*, -eetned loosened altogether from all tense of earthly responsibility, and full into vnguo and dreamy talk, discussing und questioning all kinds of theories touching heaven and earth, und the mysteries and problems of lifo and death. Hours passed cjuieklj- away; the light of dawn was already gilding the turbid waters of the river, when wo wero conscious of an nuusur.l bustle on baard. JCo doubt wo wore approaching tho German frontiar, where thore is generally -oine trifling Custom IIouso formality to go through. But this night something more than ordinary was in progress. A strong pur'y of Gorman officials had oimie on board, and with rattling arms and gleaming lanterns, wero making a minute survey of all tho passongers. My travelling companions exchanged glanoeH of alarm. Tho chi.f of tho officials was approaching us, accompanied by thy " conductor" of tho steamor. • Ah, you have some Russian passengers on hoard,' said tho former in the convinced mannor of ;i German official. Tho elder of my companions put her liand appoalingly upon my arm. ' We are lost, my son, unless you can save us." Tho Prussian officer, tall and stilt', was -tatidiiig ovor us, wliilo his companion held tho lamp. ' This is mi English party !' said the latter up ilogetiiially, us if hi wero introducing some cool-, wandering people to tho notice of a King. 'Ah! ' said tho German, sniffing tho nir suspiciously and majestically. ' JLow do wo know tlmti" How, indeed ! I might plunge into perjury fathoms duep, but could I ever convince this •ceptical,. iron-fratned man that I und my compart nous de voyage were of tho same nationality ? Ho would insist on examination of "papers, baggage and all tho rest; and I should bo brought to shame and probably taken oil to the guard-house to shaio tlio fato of my f011111 la friends, whatever that might bo. Aud yet ouo soft, appealing look from Olga made mo think that nil this was endurable in such company. Aud tlien suddenly it occurred to me, 1 huvo a passport. Yes ; my mother, who is uti old-fashioned traveller, insisted on our having a Foreign-office passport in our ji.int names when wo started on our travels, and there it remained uutouched- in tho nototiaao, where I had first placed it. I sprang to my feet, and politely saluted tho official. ' Tardon inc, I have a passport.' ' Ha, ha! goot, goot! ho has a passport,' said tho German, his features rolaxiuy us lie examined tho doeuinont carefully by the lightof the lantern. 'Ah, yos, tho Graf von Salisburyho remarked approvingly, as lie scanued the signature. 'Very goot man. So, so, Esquair, and Mistress Esquair, ana Miss Esquair— very goot.' l; was 60. muuh in uccordanco with the offi mil's seuso of fitue.-s, this lucky passport of mine, that the iron mm ut once relaxed. Yes, ho becaino polite, effusive, especially to the ladies, who bore tho ordeal with wonderful composure. But it was a great relief when the steamer slacKened speed, aud the high official and his subordinates disappeared over the vessel's side. Still nono of us spoko till tho appearance of sundry homely, comfortable fell,w» iu tho uniform of tho Dutch Custom House assured us that we wero fairly over tho frontier. Then tho elder lady, before I could slop her, raised my hand to her lips and kissed it. ' You have Paved us from death, or what is perhaps wor.-e, the prolonged torturo of a convict's life. Tho Germans, had' they caught us, would huvo son't us back to tho prisons of tho Czar.' Yes, they were revolutionists, t.heso pleasing, interesting -women—refugees from Russia. Husband, son, lover, all had joined the ranks of the secret broiherliood. The head of tho family, Count Ipsiloil', was an exilo. Tho son had died upon the scaffold. Tho fato of tho lover was still uncertain. Ho was Olga's lover, this young twin, whoso features s« strongly resembled my own, a certain Count Loris Malakoif, noble, rioh and generous, who had sacrificed everything for tho cause. Aud yet some of the brotherhood suspecte i him, and as a test he was selected for an enturprii-c of great peril, tho nature of which we need not inquire about. But, on tho eve of the appointed day, L'iris disappeared ; the clue to the whole conspiracy was iu tlio hands of tho police ; wholesale arrests welv made; numorous executions followed, and among them that of Olga's br -ther, Stephen. But of L'.ris nothing was known. Only a terrible report hud been circulated, on the authority of a prison official who was a secret sympathiser, to the efTeot that L iris had been the traitor; that his heart had fa led him at-the lust-, and that he had given h m-elf up to tho polioe and revealed the whole couspirticy. It was also said that ho would bo soon liberated, aud to save him from the vengeanco of the brotherhood, convoyed secretly, in disguise, probably in tho character of an Englishman, as far as London, where, lost in the immensity of the crowd, he might best hope to escape the fate that -would surely dog him as long as he lived. Hence, when tho Russian ladies saw tho very fac-similo of their former friend on tho quay, the eight seemed to confirm the worst, suspicion that had been entertained about him. Olga loved him, but she would rather that ho should be dead than so dishonoured. She had always refused to believe that ho had been a traitor. 'Now,' concluded Mme. IpsilofiE, "I am hoping to join my husband in Holland. He is growing old, alas! like myself, and has been compelled to retire from the active list of tho revolutionary band.' Tney proposed to iu):u ship f"r A.tuerio'i. 1 thero to oiid their days in p >vertv and exile 1 t Hoy wlio had boon once rioh, honored nnd ; happy. All this, whi-perod rather thnu spolti-n, in . low, cr.rnest tone:', produced a profound i feeling of narrow "nil depression. But, jn*t ■ then tho sun, ivhioh was not. far above tin* ! lmri-iin, burst out from among tho clouds ; that, had hitherto concealed it, and lit up nil the surrounding seoiu>. 01;:;i loused hevsi-l' from h-r attitude of mournful depression, nnd, na if inspired by tho sunbeams, like the vocal Ei.rypti.in statue, burst into song. Sim had a charming rioh contralto voice, and tho old Russian hymn that sho sang, addressed to tho rising Bun, trns full of pathos and charm. Soon after tho town of Nimegon oamo in night, quaintly perulied upon a solitary bluir by tho river bank. A number of people were awaiting the steamer on tho quuy, nnd, among them, one who raised his hands and mudo it peculiar signal in tho air. ' Ah, wo are awaited here ; good friend, wo must, part, never to meet again." A hurried leavetaking followed, warm proasuro of tho lmnd, fervid good wisbos. They were gone, and loft behind tho:n it blank sonso of loss and pain—these poople, whom I had known only for a short summer's night. Afror niy companions had left, 1 remembered little about tho voyage down the Rtiine, till toward tho afternoon, when the conductor warned me, uduop on one ol tho sofas in tho Biloon, that Dordrecht. was closo at bund, liere I met with it disappointment. The porter of the hotel was awaiting mo with it lot-tor fr »iu my mother. Bad news hud come from E'i gland, my sister Bell a fwnei had broken or otherwise damaged hi« leg, and uiy mother hud Htiu't.ed with her for homo early thai tnor.dug by way of Brussels, Paris, and Dover. Well, there was no need for mo to follow them in husto. I.would go on to Rotterdam by tho steamer and tako tho boat fur Hnrwiok oil tho following day. It was not till wo left tho old town far behind, and had onterod the maze of waters about Rotterdam—crowded with sto.itners and gay barges—thatlremembered that 1 was voxatiou-ly short of money. 1 had relied on getting a supply from my mother; and now I found, after searching all my pockets, only just enough, with a very tniling margin, to pay my faro homo. In u, general way tlic-ro would bu no particular hardship in spending a night out ot doors and avoiding tho hotel' bill in that way. But I was overwhelmed with sleop, having been travelling incessantly for several days, and I longod for nothing so much as to stretch my limbs on a eomComiblobod. Well, thore were, no doubt, many decent planes in Rotterdam. wliero ono could gat a bed for a couple of shilling;). I took tho " oouduotor" of tho steamer iuto confidence and ho at onco gave mo the card of a kind of hourdiug-liouse, whero the charges would bo quito within iny margin. Presently wo wera alongsidotheBoompjeo, that pleasuutest of quays, «ith its avenuoa of trees, its solid, old-fashioned buildings, and j lively, bustling surroniidiugs. Tho stoamor was nt onco invaded by a orowd of porters, touts and other nondescripts, and ono of tbo latter seized my portmanteau and mado mo his chosen prey. I gavo tho man tlw card of my hotel, and gruntiug out ' Ja, Ju !' lio led tho way to thti shoro, waving his hand in tho air as u signal to souiobody on tho quay, no doubt, that ho had secured a prize. Ilalf a dozen hands wero held up in different dirootians among the crowd, and as wo passed ulong tho quay my attendant was joined by two other men wno helped him to curry tho portmanteau. Wo passed along several narrow, tortuous streets, wo crossed a canal or two of dark nnd uninviting appearance, and at last turned iuto a gloomy, handsomely carved gateway, and stopped before a hoavy, masBivo door, lot into a kind of arched recess adorned with carvings of floral nnd heraldic emblems. The door was opened by an old woman, with an elaborately- wrinkled face, who was busy with brooms and mops and pails. My oouduotor led iha way up-stairs— up a naii'osv, curving staircase all donoin red distemper, uud reminding one of tho companion-ladder of a sbip—up wo went higher and higher, tho stairs becoming steeper, narrower, and more gloomy at overy stage. We oamo to a puuso at last, and, pushing open a door, my porter lod tho way into a large, bare room— bare of furniture that is, for "tho ceiling was richly decorated, and tho panelled walls were udorned with fruit and flowers finely carved, but much hacked and defaced. There wore tables all along tho room, covered with oil-olotti, where ono or two groups, seemingly of emigrants, wero sitting with bags of proveuder besido them, drinking beor out of huge mugs, and discussing bread and onions, oheer.o and garlio, with much apparent reli-li. Iu one corner of tho room sat a family group of care worn, homely people, who seemed to bo in charge of tho establishment. A woman was mending stockings *T another was at work with a sewing machine; children were busy over their lesson-books ; and a palo and studious-looking youth, witu spectacles, was limiting entries iu a big book. To this last my conductor addiossed himself, evidently upon tho subject of my sojourn there. I should have liked to join iu the conversation but tbe palo youth spoke only Dutch. Thus I was very much at the mercy of my nondescript porter from the quuy, who seemed to be taking carlo blanche as to arrangements for uiy reception. Tho young man in spectacles looked puzzled, undecided; but at Inst he handed a key to tho porter, who, forthwith, in a triumphant manner, shouldered my portmanteau and led the way up more flights of stairs, ever growing darker and steeper. Then wo came to a really handsome chamber, panelled and carved like the other, but much more elaborately furnished ; velvet conches, gilded ohairs, mirrors, sconces, olocks, all kinds of brio-a-brao cumberod tho room, leaving just space enough for a table and a few practicable cluiirs, and two massive box bedsteads, each occupicd by two enormous feather beds. These last two pieces of furnituro attracted my attention most. There was not the vestige of any kind of accessories in the way of sheets, pillows, or bolsters; but the feather beds were deliciously soft and inviting. Dismissing my managing porter with a gratuity, which, fur a wonder, he received without gnmbling, I locked the door with tho huge key, imd, kicking off my shoes, jumped into the middle of the feather bod. Nest moment I was fast asleep. j I awoke with a start and a strange nightj marish feeling about me. It was midnightj and all the clocks in the room wero chiminy ilic hour, dii" lifter another, in every variety • •f twin. But late us it was, t.iio mirrow street bnl'iw was full of lifn and . X-'vrr hud I lii'Jiril hiicli a hnbrl of sounds rising up in tho mUdl*' of the night, such shouting' unci laughter ; street music, songs from sailors' taverns, a roar of voie,os everywhere—everywhere, that is, bet in this particular house, which seemed us silent as this gr-ivo. Jly room must havo boen seven floors above tho street; but thu lump's opp >si'« vvero 111H i 11V tall, in.d every floor of thorn van lighted up and wide awako, and d"i«ff it'i best to swell the general upronr. .Tust, in face of my window ft supper party wan t?oingon, all iti full dress, with clioieo dibit's and flasks of wiuo and liquor.* of every iniagiteiblo shupo. Tho sight made me hungry ; I was weak itideeM, and exhausted from hunger, for 1 had tasted nothing since breakfast, nnd yot I h;icl probably i.lept away all uhancu of getting anything to eat. It whs u strange chamber, this of mino; thero was no boll-pull or other moans of communication with thu world below—plstity of gilt cimtidolior.s, but no caudles, nor gas, iiov parafline lump, nor even matohos. There was just light enough from tho street, to show mo the way about the room, and I made for tho door, intending to rou»« soinobudy to give mc supper, or, anyhow, lights. Tho room opened upon a narrow landing, aud another door should havo yivon tnitninuo to the stairs, but that door was looked. Then I began to think I was in a trap. Yet surely thoy were honest people, those down below. Tho mild young man in -ppotneles, tho industrious house-mother, had not the stamp of thief or niurdoror on their bnnvfl. Tho lookiug-up was accidental, perhaps, or wu will say the custom of tho oountr . I shook tho door, but it was firm and solid, I listened intently at the orevioos. Not a sound was heard. And—yet—yos—as I listcnod I hei»rd from far below tho measured tramp of iootstops on tho stairs. It wtw a ghostly, eerie souud, muffled and soft as tho footsteps mounted stu^o by stago. Tho souud scarcely increased; footsteps mufllod and soft, and yet with a regular rhythm in beat, us if many wero treading a kind of military muroh. Perhaps thoy whoro ghosts after all—tho burgher guard out of somoold piotuco marohing to suppor in their former quarters, cr Rembrandt's night wutoh stepping boldly out, of tho oanvas. Tho footsteps stopped on the lamVng just beneath me, and no doubt pnssed into tho room iiainodiatolj' below. After all, ^ w"8 perhaps only u friendly party who had oomo to sup together. Auybow they could havo nothing to do with mo. I rotuvned to my room, louked the door, and took a sont by'tho window, feeling a senso of oompiuiionship and security in tho noisy stroet, and the lights froui people's windows. I think I must havo dozed in my chair, for wlnm I roused myself the street had btcome perfectly quiet, lights li.td gone out, and tho whole city seemed to sleep. Threo o'elouk'rang out, most dismal aud depressing of all tho short hours. I oouhl hear no wovomont in the floor below ; but then tho timbers aud beams wero thick and strong, aud Utile aomrn could pene-r^' r Thou I certainly heard n souud, dull, distant, as if a number of people, sitting in company, had risen simultaneously, slightly pushing baok their chairs. Tho noise somehow appalled mo. It was as if a jury had risen and wero about to deliver their verdiot. But what had that to do with mo ? But thero was a decided stir and movement below, and oreeping to thu door to listen, surely I heard footsteps uscendiug tho stairs to niy lauding. Not so many footstops this time, but still enough. Tho door of the staircase waB unlocked and openod cautiously and footstops advanced softly to the door of my ohambor. From my post of observation I could bear tho slow, regular breathing of five or six mon, after which thoro sounded a knock upon tho door, gentle, yet distinct. • "What is your business ?' I demanded, in a voice I tried to render firm. ' Ottvre; /' was bellowed forth for sole auswor. Tho knock was repeated ; a regular ' sommation,'in fact, aud tho delay gavo me the opportunity of hastily piling some furniture «s a barricade ; but after tho third summons someono throw himself heavily against the door. Tho screws of tho look gavo way and tho door flew open, scattering my barricade in all directions. I made for tho window with tho wild notion of raising au alarm, when I was seized, fluug down aud knelt upon by half-a-dozen men. But after tho first attack no further violence was usod than was necessary to secure me. A lamp was brought iuto tho room, and while bold in tho chair by two or threo pairs of powerful hands, a number of men came forward, one by one, aud examined my features attentively. They were dark-boarded men with strange, earnest, wistful eyes—not cruel- looking men but rather tender nnd humauo, you would havo said—but they all shook their heads and shrugged their shoulders as thoy passed by as if lo sny that thero was a hopeless cuse. Tho last of nl! to pass me iu review was one whoso face I recalled at once as that ox the old serving-man at Cologne. Then I understood what all this mount. These couspirators raistouk mo for Count Loris, tho traitor and spy, whom I was said to resemblo so much. . This man from Culogno had no doubt come oa by rail in much less time than tho steamer h>td taken, and had prepared his friends for my arrival. And then this trap had been laid. But not for me, I recognised joyfully, and cried out with full assurance : ' Ah, you are all mistaken, gentlemen; I am not; the man you seek. I am an Englishman. See my passport..' To my horror tho only reply was a goneral pitying si' ile. ' We know that you would say that,' replied one. ' Ah, that you should have sunk so low !' Protests, threats, entreaties, all wero of no avail. They did not leave mo long in doubt as to their purpose. Choosing » ponderous beam with a strong hook affixed to it, convenient for their purpose, a nooso was soon dangling therefrom. • Courage, my friend,' said ono of the men who held mo, feeling that my frame trembled. ' Courage, it is but a short journey, and will . soon be ovor.' Short as the journey may bo, it is still a dreadful one. I tremble oven now its I think of that moment, and yet, terrible as it was, I only sought to prolong it. 'Girt1 mo half an liuiir to proparo for uoatli,' I bogged, • if you iu.iiht on murdering nin.' It was anknowlcdgcd that tho rrquo*t whs reasonable, anil tlioxi about mo seated them selves apart, wliilo onu or two of tho humbler members of 'lit) party knelt down mid n piti'ivl n prayer or two in Russian. The time of delay passed atvny, and again there wan a general movement in the room all present dm* tn their feet. Just, at, this moment. n rosy streak' of diiwn flushed thr>ut;i tho windows, lightiug up the whole grim, ir.ii'ful saetio; a beam of sunlight stretched athwart tho room mid again, itn if inspired by tho morning light , u olcnr, swivel vouiu from far below trilled out ti Ht-aii7.it of the strange, wihl Russian hymn. ' It is Olga,' I cried, • bring her to mo.' Said iv gravo voico ; 'Yes, that is just, they loved each other; let them bid an otornul adieu.' Then I knew that I was saved, although I hoard no more; for, overenmo by all tho terrible experiences of tho night, all my perceptions scorned to desorf mo. Whon I crime to myself I found that, two vromen worn banding' ovor me chafing my hands, bathing my temples mid moistening my lips with some armnatio cordial. 'Ho will do now," said tlio voice of 1110 elder Rus.-ian lady. ' Ooiue Olga, they are waiting.' 'Adieu,' whispered Olgn, biding over 1110 : ' forgivo ua and forget us.' And then sho softly pronged 'my forehead with hor lips. ' Adieu forovor,' and who passed away. That evening I fuutid myself in my mother's drawing-room in Kensington, giving hor, and my bister, and hor lover, a full acconut o£ my continental adventure*; but keeping carefully to myself my connection with tho revolutionary party. The other day by tho way, I, camo acrosB tho old serving ijinn uocidontully in tho Strand. Ho stared as ho recognised mo. 'You need bo under no apprehensions now, monsieur,' ho said-: ' i>11 hus bo n oleurcd up about tho poor Count Loris. Ho died: in prison and would not speak a -word. And now. wo revere him as one of tho noblest of our marlyro; and H£idumaii;e)lo Olgn. in happy, quite happy.' But tho old rogue .would not revoal tho soeretof her whereabouts, and was quitoim pervious to bribes. —All the Itw PiOUU'1. I 