MINING NOTES. The managers report - Australasian Kaolkii.wh, Creswick, June 16 -No 2 nue east drive off north east drive in 97ft, also urn of in north from top of ISO 2 6ML, this drive going to come not be 2 and No 1 with top plat So change in other workings in oak b y kid. floor. saw it, including nugget 1907 As his faitAFn Broken hill, V S ft June 15 - Block 44-hour cures -ft, total Mit, lode 7ft wide, carrying fair tin ado or. buy 0 made two of assay s-No 1, they. saw a. star of silver per ton, and 50 per cent. lead, No 2 Paroz lost silver and 10 per cent, lead Am sports in the on. Clock 42-Contractors haveconimonced sinking the main incline shaft, and were mu ii pp good progress, when a fatal accident occurred through a hole missed " Ure, and afterwards exploding in the attempt to draw the charge, which they should not have done. AMALGAMATED SCOTS AND CROSS REEF, Stawell, June 15 -Continue boiling, steadily, and have reduce the water Oft. for the week, making workings clear to 57ft Shaft secured and in good order liLLCiiKRfl five, Maryborough, June 30- Steam will be set up during next forth for to to the joint, cVC. stone about same is we started N. aim shaft, and got down 12ft and started to timber same inhuman blasts Will June at ernie road be sure 1 much bed rock Will run this shaft, down SOft, When down It will take about have won the. rLLf out to that de) th, the kraal of the shoot of stone being traced as far us DuOfc budded luiincl-llave not extended this tunnel since last report the men being elicited in 1 cutting up a rise chinese will contest the Marines where the rich stone came from that was dollied Km at rum of very large returns from the stone at this port stilled A fine.! Completely blocked with stone Will have to remove the men from here after this week I have taken advantage of the dry weather and gets far too quantity of firewood split and start ed In coin, is ance with a request from the commissioners of the Melbourne r exhibition I have decided to hand " ten of stone, half a ton of million), and a 400oz. take of fell to the forth, coming Melbourne Cc council Exhibition, the commissioners to payable penses and return same if requested 1 others see treat and remit results, The value placed on the stone being gives. (By licence h, June 8) Have had some rain, but not sufficient borne rich stone at gra s-beat obtained Weather broken JJ 1 tout n 111 Lti UisifFni-A., Broken hill, Juno is Contractor for excavating dam making good pro grass About 600 calm, yards excavated With 10 quite three to four necks to complete the work Lui be as in, i narooma, Tasmania, June 12. Muitra are now making, connection between I Sheet and chamber in tunnel Good headway is being being made in sluicing, off top stuff from AUG Hut hydraulic nozzle has been kept constantly going excepting for two days when water fell off, and fair progress is being made by Ititi sluicing on lower hill MuriNA Later Ballarat June lil - Drawlift lowered and connected, in the early part of week, and resumed sin I on, Wednesday night Added on to depth of this, total b 14 aw 600ft level, 41 it, Bottom of shaft all quartz showing gold occasionally Chief portion of stone reduced has weed River. from eastern lode cut on north on this lode 5ft, and have risen 40ft over back., of crosscut Average width of lode 9ft Western crosscut extended 16ft. lïuokKN mill, both Iron on hills, June 11 2 By Tele graph). Ate crosscutting.. the lode at 60ft level in No 3 trial shaft splendid carbonate of lead show at all, assaying over (90 per cent, for lead, but low for silver Hou In VU No birds half-tide; will changes elsewhere A A ii atta um l'itorrtFTviu, June 6 -No 2 shaft Block oft, there is more iron coming in Man be put on to drive of a crosscut east to-morrow to the hanging will Buuidii Union still, Bros end He, Juno le. -Main Shaft -We have sunk a further depth of bl!. Otu, making a total of I 2 The whole of the bottom is in galena and lead ore Wo end of form any idea is yet of size or extent of this lode, and think it must be looked upon as proof of permanency in the lodes here, as well as splendid development in the mine The bottom £4 just about in water but as the r-(|Ulra1 depth is attained to cut plat this will not hinder work in any way, for the present Crosscut at No 1 developer led to the line. No 2 shift - sunk a further depth of 11ft total 75ft Bottom in clean carbonate ore of very promising character North level suspended South overcame on hard face of country rock and turned off to the west, present face in clean carbonate ore Nos 3 and 4 - idle for the present No I Shaft astern i North drive on course of western branch extended 3ft,, total distance in, 75ft, carrying about 3ft of icaUna in face No Obhaft -Just cut water at depth of lbDft Now preparing to cut plan and day " " " " ". as a further No chill),. fair state of BAND and AintON Consols, Ballarat., June 30 No Canal Held from Jil) tons, 3 oz. 9dwt,, from 2 tons pyrites 7 oz. 12dwt, to Lil, suez 13d at Black HoRSE UMTrt), 1 action, June 10-round crosscut total from shaft Icialt North drive, No 10 level, extended Sit, total from main crosscut, Shaft Contractors crushed 388 tons stone, yielding 1 40A. today L bar gold The call for June 16 Is , not -of, as printed in error In huon Each unit Ballarat inherits STAR, Ballarat June 18 -Shaft iaUKuln slaty country ; water slightly increasing Will finish contract during the week, and will open out at once fleet expected to be reached in you or JUst BERRY No 1 Smeaton, June 16. South west level reef total of 30 ft, from old west level Will bore durimrueek Have put up two tubes bores an old West level, which Iia<ihicrea_cd water up to full seven suckers per minute Intend leaving permanent road in old west level and Co vom Kingston June 10 Prospecting drive west still dipping Tenders are invited for driving for tina bound west from south reef drive Washdirt faces from intermediate nee still opening up fair [round pilot off Point on hearing the case fruit south west hay c will be completed to night held for week, -9oz. 6dwt. best TCKVik usually, June ID (Bay Telegraph) - Fortnight's yield, 16oz. 7dwt, from the drives 6113 UtSi.ruvr'M Loi Fx must, Broken hill, June JJ - Slain that will be timbered up to morrow Will then resume sinking), operations Intend starting win and, wear to work on Monday Cr must! I'tAThAt Sebastopol June 10 -Shaft 165ft Collin-ence paddle" similar Monday CiiK.rUMAt. Kim, Yandoit June 16 - Shaft pre sent depth outfit from surface No change in country is CoitMBii United, Orient, June 14 -Eastern cross cut The contractors are making good progress in ground, consisting; of alternate bands of slate and sand stone Main tunnel is in very hard country Cockatoo, Rush worth, Juno lü Bottom crosscut in4bîL north, are now t'«ttiii_rIntoelean country about li crosscut in DSO, cTrouud, hard Cunuxoiu Cobungra, June Italian tim nozzle 2 hours for the week, now in full war in order, having any quantity of water, had SO lengths, ahead) rain CKsNTtiAi-Cuxfi, Clunes, June 16th c out the " old plan Lot 1 6ft. west from shaft, about 3ft of stone, show beg a little gold halo of property postponed till 2nd proximo CLtonTiiA, Maryborough June camshaft sunk 7ft for the week, total fromsnríueo, soft, JUrlve tended 7ft, total from chamber, Flat Cou ki, Woods Point, June IS Head to battery. has been completed, and all arrangements made for carting quartz. Have struck good gold house back of ho 1 tunnel, and hope to start; crushing next week CiMtiKtu ino 111 OUR, Etheridge, Queensland, Ju 10 (U rultft,raim)-lop level Cruet reached backing wall, have stopped it, Bottom Level Ground in crosscut looking favourable battery crushing steadily. Cuibri'ttN Quartz Chiltern June 14 Shaft down 20ft, total, 60ft 1 repairing same for 9 runs to be put in this week Shown Nukoii, Chewton Junclr>-Sunk and ten acres lift for the fortnight making; what is the, change in the country since last report, Shaft wet, and quantity of water coming from the west, indicating large body of stone in that three turn ConniLtmA Cohhtoci stone Creek, Tuena NSW, June 0 - Ihu Shaft now down fouR. Have opened out in an easterly direction, and driven across the lode cut, when we came on footwalL shall keep driving further east to try and cut the other Jude that is showing on surface Have had to timber last Ult. of thrift as well radius. LllAlk* J Hinton), Carisbrook June 16 Cast main drive extended 4 ft for the week in better working country in driving,,' south west the reef husdlptied below the bottom of the drive in so' prices, which indicates a d open channelled Lyric. coming in from that direction, to prove u which about 150ft. of a ud drive will have to be driven 'The (quality of the w use in improving, and the appearance of the day more favourable Akali Of told first three days He lUvvt Chalks No 3 Cwldroil June 19- Main level drifts left , total from shaft 164ft, Water to lament driven "(t 1 lamps are all in place excepting top length Holds will be put in next woe! Mr other works progressing well CHALK s No 4, Carisbrook, June 16 -No 3 bore, depth 45ft In re k Cities Pte H" O)\H0in>VTin, fittingly, June 16 - Driven the 1 lSlft level exundutlOit , total from shaft (includes distance) 45ft. This drive went through i (t of mixed stone Hun front,.. 4 ft. of soft rubbly ground, not a new and of of reef w i. discovered, was run I good looking (quality showing (gold has been seen in It an I by securing showing the company s office Tin r. in a sign of being, thorough and it is probate In that kills better cool 1 will be found in nearly the footwall of the test DiMUhMi, Milled, June 3 -Contractors have ' sunk main shaft 26 and thinned it is , t t d the] all, 1) (t finally crushing none from bottom drive, when they vi of cool plant gets Clearing out what you allow reef Most of i laid on the v_,roi.ml, and crimes i itHhin" on with an effort Imviixo house No 1, Hill Hills June 15 - Present although drive driven sit, at. which point Ulitis beershop d to put part in a utlidrUc me of south drive shorts a foot of rt f, with coal c wash in each drive has been driven out through pug wash mud thrown at is of reef the reef around the distance being fit. to race for a record time Unto the last 15 f let, and very large boulders in wash UiamuM) built vvnmHl¡"on_r Juno > -rise from 200ft level up to within Lost Iron so rain but li is not yet lueoJiitcred the lode alleged to have split intersected by love Dum No 1, Timor, June 15- Good progressing Ing with bLivuieiului still. almost, June If Horses drive extend 136ft Bore put up went through at 40ft into strong, wash, with strong: llowotwattr Will bore again during week North drive off No 2 balance shaft extended 400ft-, his father was a Soviet drive off main extended Bill in strong winds south drive off No 1 ImUuee shaft extended soft, In payable wash No 3 shift rUouptJft Ixpeittolu In wash by Mr da^ \\-c_l-tti4lbtnttirkln.» 1 55 cwt butter, 4 oz 10dwt, No 4 but no lies, loan , total labor, bodies lUitiiv IKirin Uni Ion lune H -'Shaft now 74ft deep and the reef opened out at h i 75 ft His at out lift or 71 thick on How I i here on the east mile at present It a narrow but a plan to be widening out quartz but at-? a I fur ern line Dixuxh liuurK Ninmimt June 10 - Knn) fly aft 3ft and Umbu.dlsit uUn Ihu I skids terrific lift and from Hiulu. IHltt The roster . has Of a day least 7ft. (rum plat and out a tunnel spur an army in cast Or of and slate and sandstone. livvtfH an! Ciiauhoxh Amai match Trawler, June 10- l Team I up the fire which Hiu I and I Company drove, and found it a of oUv n and i lin bores are all dry live put up an tin r I'm wind when turning m 7ft Hot Mo In that ( ft 6in Nowat r wliLiiinui that, the fifth round is him tolnldlttani.il for me But I am very midweek iiilliuiunnuilinti Invrint oil In the purpose of advising well I I hope I vol 1 was in grave InniniM Miiluiilnit) June If. "Co trailer- making, similar amount In lying, alon,)e f, which foot You will shall conmiPiiio to beat down sioiiunbuut next Horses. Atillupato (Lord r Buhe Fvulmiawk silver, Broken Hill, LIMIT A - No. boats de send (a letter No ) arthur station to report txtepltlut country it gctLlng little No Ti M i net sunk 7ft total Leith, 10th, Jin lo I., mill keeps about t in Huino itself but I. must first farmer Nuwlullv4fl between the wall I patches of Lilian and carbonate of laid te in. full, of mu I hum and sisterhood the. whole shells Have no mu i Have water, and am preparing a ship Expect to set up steam at nine) shale on Monday, 25th inst Met Kono MENG, Majorca, June 15 Main reef drive ox team ed 64ft t now distant from shaft 46ft North west drive from No 3 rise d rivoli 50ft., the last 7ft In could look him wash, similar to that existing In No 3 rise at the time it dipped below the level. A. Ill wash off two Machines next week. KA li Jj 61 B PACO AYRFIELD hingStOn, JUDC 10.-Sftt« chair and pumps in good order and working well Corner the: water about the same as last report. h ink n no hole or a, Eaglehawk, June 16. -The main shaft has been sunk further depth of 74, total from surface, 70ft (ground still hard, with a good deal of quartz still in shaft Tributors crushed 37 loads, yielding 33oz. 8dwt gold per ton. Egerton, June 15.- South east drive, bottom level, new shaft, extended 26ft, total, bills. from shaft. The country has been much harder than anticipated Sister Rose Shaft East dru-, No 3 level, extended 24ft, total, 18 6 it from start one point No change since last report 1 nEaTON, Blackwood, lune IB Battery started Plates getting in good order, and beginning to show little Kvklvpn, Pine Creek, June 14 -Smelting operations will be commenced on Wednesday, the 11th i hat Mrs Ki an a ItofKurit, limit. Broken hill, N S.M - Shift work 11 and pushed ahead by contractors, favourable indications FarrAN, Malmsbury June 11 Prospecting Shaft -I astern cro--.--.cut intermediate level, driven Soft, total Oft South drive, 250ft level, extended set foot in wide, Main shaft, East 1 level - North drive extended 24ft total distance from shaft, aDJt Lode 18in wide showing. void Uiokmo Arnitttroni.H line in Extended main level 14ft Reef dam wide carrying fine gold Have driven '6ft on the course of the reef The shoot of Mona now on by it was every indication of payable gold is »DR-ntChTm GiiKvr, Sebastian, June 19 Yield of gold for tartiilcht-oompiuv, J oz 9dwt from 225 tons tributers 21? 19dwt from 291 tons Gay h li VNO of Home Sebastopol June 15 -Star hie progressing fairly Have added "ft to depth of shaft milk in? a total of 574 ft OiuibAsn very sad Walhalla, June 14 -Shaft sunk 23ft (6in for week, alum frame put in total depth, (of 6in Passed through 5ft of very fine drift Nov. in firm clay Getting a little water, which has increased during the last few days Ghost W rsTKRS LoAn TO ANY Walhalla, June 14 - Work has been continued on the south lest Have struck the eastern wall, and And the duke unders ing southeast, have laid road into crosscut in main level 1 lower tunnel ready for contractors Ort VTaNoiunKaiH Long Tunnel Walhalla Times (lyTciccraph).-Beef found within a few feet of our boundary 2ft. In width, containing coarse gold estimated at 257 pur ton Driven tunnel 6ft. for week Cut a small vein of quartz contain imp paid Ooidln Qvir, Armstrongs June 19 Continued blocking; out stone north of old workings raised 07 tons for fortnight all of which look very promising, reef 4ft wide Cm shed 129 tons, plates showing well WM keep battery gold turn for another fortnight Good lot of water in dam G ou» s Stream, Avoca, June 15- Drive eastward being a shed on through very promising looking ground, but not yet payable The drive amongst old workings has got clear of the bank of sand and is now in promising looking. country Drive to test saddle of reef lying south off east shoot also being pushed on, but so far scarcely payable Ntw rise boring constructed from intermediate east drive to test the deep ground in this direction Gold, 8oz 12dwt No returns from tributes GarDEN PiHF Sandhurst June 10 New shaft, total shaft Winze below 50ft crosscut, total 12ft in bottom have cut top of a saddle and storm carries mundic, (galena, and black jack 52 loads of quarts crushed for dOes. 2dwt, of (gold Golden SriiFAK Man borough Juno lo-Down 12ft below chamber counto favourable Expect to nal c rapid progress Ooidif Kilmore June 16-Continued south-west drive, Country hard W ju/o upper level shows fair (gold , down -Oft Wash " to day I told, 28oz 12dwt, from 116 tons G M, Silverton, June 9-Count enced sinking shaft south east of old shaft 1 expect strike lode at about Just Continuing from cast to west for the (galena lode showing on an idle hour Corks WrsTRirs Gympie. June 14 -1 rise from the first level south showing no favourably channel at 28ft in thin work was stopped and a cross at driven 25ft to the east, also without nothing payable being met with and the men are now extending the level southwards on the course of the eastward but at present the lode channel is very wide and red clay blue stone with occasional patches of quartz Out look, 0 ATI Ballarat, June Borchart sunk 5ft, total depth -lift llAWloik assay, Havelock, June 10 North drive is in uOIt from crosscut The reef at present is small from an inspection of the old world jugs, I find the reef has not been worked asdeopas was re ported that is, what I can see of it as rather However, we are not very far off from being through, I think by Saturday at the latest will put us into the old workings, The fire I put up from the bottom level in the block that has not been worked more than 60ft down from the surface ilmiURN, No 1 Smeaton June I1»-Nearl> all the pumps are fixed in shaft Will commence cutting a road tomorrow The wet weather has cut s ed little delay i i m ris Estate Smeaton, June 16 Three parties employ ed at new shoot in South drive, In last quality dirt started reef drive to tear deep ground proved at ho 7 nor til About listing of road to lay it in south-east drive Field, 1400 HiniiFS richest, Silverton June- No 3 underlie shaft (the Then find) down Mt Lode in bottom well defined and looking well, with nice body. of (galena earning rations Have opened out a drive at a shallow depth to prove the lode north, and have driven lit, with the same satisfactory prospects ll-LATLViis Consols, Eaglehawk, June 11 The level south from the north shaft has been drive total from crosscut 18ft The reef is now riding south, and will soon be overhead in the level The south shift his been sunk 14ft, and timbered 20ft total depth 200ft There are about 14 loads of quartz on the surface in which gold has been seen, and if it thought that It will be Laval Le lsuiCATun. and Sllieuan, Ballarat June 16 -West drive, total lift Russe I through -is of stone, showing little Miss south drive extended 17ft, total MU Tributers crushed 10 tons. To test, the.. 14dwt ljiiEttiAL Silver, Milverton, June 7 Shaft sun 74ft , total, bolt Gin from brace The ground : Letting a little easier therefore expect to put the lode In another 40ft or left The contract will be pi etc 1 in about another fortnight li. Jun dock on sur (etc for stone Commenced to cut the nplLted will drive cast to cut shoot of gold that has been previously worked with splendid results Canadian contractors have sunk shaft 7ft, total, sOft from plat, round nine JAN 12, Cale dolan Men driving level -north, driven same lift, and cut stone showing (good (gold , will report more full in a few days a. iNa h Ursevtrauce One-half nk 7ft, total 22ft from here The Alpha Lo : thin line of reef are sinking their main shaft, and stone continues to look well trial Issuing Silverton, June 7-Nobbs shaft sunk 5ft total, 37ft from surface In the alluvial ground have put a Flats in the deep shaft, and opened out where got the prospects took i at; the bottom is dipping very fast into the Hit Will have to drive into the dip before will get anything payable have sunk two shafts 12ft day and 15ft, both dipping into the flat and a like a (cold in cacti jo l-\n.MJi-ü, Gordon June Mid-North Petersen b road continues cold good stone, showing (gold freely, which we are saving for a second crushing South west, drive for same lode 16ft for the week In (good working ground Crushed 5 tons fielding 15 -dwt Ktw Munn Falls Gully, June KI -Got steam up Expect to start baling on Monday or Tuesday lANUUONft, Ballarat, June 19- - Matt cleared to 31sec in depth being Mr below 2 90ft level The plug water is heavy, but can get to see bottom of shaft during a sword I ver Ciivnck TitniiTsi, Ballarat June issue level North drive from women, stone Improving Winze to connect bottom let us sunk Off I have put through Hat to Ill, 10in thick, revolt.. gold No J Ley c Have fixed plan ps as a n, which are worn iii,; well in western crosscut have cut vertical vein, which is giving us more water Cleaned up battery-is»4oa 12 Just Mark UrmcfiT, Suiciton, June 19 Cleaning up the south east drive Will be at the face on Tulk <y next In the lower level have coincidences to rise Distance up 14ft This man will require to be put up 50ft. Lady Loch, Ballarat, June 16 - North drive extended Bit , total, 2UE fall of stone Co to Uaimii, hhi},htoii, June 1C-Utivhig northern good looking wash , still wet and rather troublesome Itccoinmeuctd north reef drive so at to Let in su II I clent distance to put mine up in that part of mine Well Muz 17dwt i i KlHitiiT, Wood's Point, June re-started the latter.) yesterday), and future 1 it worked smoothly and well Am putting through a few tons of second dirt first to hit up erect 168 in shoots, hoppers, As, and will bUrton the nth dirt the lines I hope, if all goes well, to wash up a lease of -ft thick and well do that No 10 North end 15ft for week total (Flat from croHNeut Peel about 4ft, showing (gold very hard fe stope showing a good reef of fair quality, and > it! long usual quantity of shot in slate No > -slopes looked g well feel able showing fair gold Amala, up for week, 5 do" 11 Mr Time i Conduis Walhalla June Lt-Gen all the water out of the de, un Fire Trial in good probates with tbecliMulRtsnt70(tt liiVMbi/v Iin, cooktown, Queensland June 4 Mine opening: up well line on in what I touched it ing the line of the le lo with most (guilty Ing n Mill i One hundred ¿ area south of the 1 in outcrop ; (urination has been cut dating splendid tin ore has" ' junks of ore. weighing several hundred pours is, nearly half of to have been unearthed 11 AM hums No 1, Ballarat June 19- Clumber, tot vi h Hi -jClt Inn btiutM skidded, read) for work with the ages flat and double ruin fixed i thudiimber It is read on the surface Waltiugno' for the contractor to six pulleys right top of poppet little better 1 land in good order M-VNWFtl is Injewowl. Juno try Crosscut cast from bottom of the total Gift Just cathead How of water are showing a number of well mineralised quartz veins This is a very favourable indication the other eastern crosscut put in 4ft total MU Count n hunt out overhead iron who were lost mug now clearing put down Tributers breaking out KOl ten stone and cold shows in big face going south ' 4 tons placed at better. MmuOLK Uni Bnellanil, june 15- Uri, in love r leveller Ground still hard , strata traversed, Indi telling the (o of country... Washed bround uri 1er star- bill r) steel mill obtain d 1 to amalgamate Hill quiokMhei lull in of to clean up Mum Mr was late when, I met June J' - Extended uses it in cru»scilt-lit , totals in net driven, a at MAtiwir Iliuiiv IviiiLiuoti, June. it-No I refuse Southdown from No 4 West K not looking so well, as I the b tusKpn I for a time until the (ground is hero of the 1 'season it rained ground has been passed through In crosscutting about M t back from face Olli r put, of the mine without chance No 2 his i-.,,-< i ham Button Rev.) be up Mt, In hard little el t nut mare level the drives yards N SOft Waxh 18 down face, pijahludirt Nearly all the war or in the is due is coming from this drive Mull-No 1 4 oz: latest , No -, i27o¿. 4dwt, total, 7l 2oz 7dwt Mary tr Otc craft sunk a mirror 174ft , and timbered down At lOOftstiu iii inches then Connor's in! the till k, and gold I oailriL. M OiHt wUl eiOKHuit and speak upon this but litofurthci prove its value M twin ink liner It well k June 15 -Contractors line is in a good start with li otto m level drives Ixputtoc affect the north rise in No 2 h vol with win j (ram No I had In wife > dish Immediately the i caller will e j men at broche quarts forerualutivf Mr, elmwnu fair (gold still drive No -coast now is 15 ft Have started a rise (ram this level low up lift SUno say that ihowmgLOliI M I am away So ' leaving , lime Itl-Kii-lnn sud par t road for it carting wheat fee water ejector U delivered M Dur Aiivi mu t No I agtoliawk, little 10-acre tra tor- the she A timbering shaft Now sinking M A man I ugliness June 30 -have been sown in cotton stores in wind, and crashed JO leader 407\. 17dwt gold ; the 300ft. level north stopped for. present Majorca United Leads, Majorca, June ex-No a rise risen the required height, top chamber coin. placed, and drive opened to no east, which is now in 14ft, with a, vein reef over back laths expect to strike the wash in early part of week No 2 Rise - South cross drive, off west drive, extended sOft in good wash, which has gone underfoot. Have started south drive off shoot to pick up same and which has been in roof all the week, should strike the wash in Paris in a few sets more No change worthy of note in No 3 rise Have only two picks in wash this week -sold for week 14oz. Movement ferry DED, stawell, Juno li Shaft sunk 6ft for the week, total depth 47ft -lukin; hard , still intermixed with quartz leaders Water slightly on the decrease shaft and machine in good working order Missive Ula,, Malmsbury, June 16 -Stoping! north and south at 150ft level Have about 15 tons broken which shows fair sold, and In which can get very good prospect- by crushing in mortar Midas, Sulky Gully, Juno 16. No 3 Shaft Have been working on some of the centre blocks of the gutter this week, which is turning out very sails factory No. 2 Shaft north cast urn of extended 44ft, total 597. Mill start another bore on Monday and construct lay off for balance shaft A steady stream of water is running from the last bore show, that it is coming from the deep ground No change in the last drive , from the south main drive It is in -67ft, with wash 7ft over the back No 3 shaft sunk (list for the week, and timbered up are through the hard blue rock and into honey comb , expect to bottom next week Yield, 10oz. Ide t Hints Ixl "Mine Creswick, June 15 -«¡haftsunk Cft for the week! total de) the IDEA Water has li. creased very considerably on Off strokes with nine, but shows signs of casing off Hock cool! for blast! Ing MltiAH CONSOLS Creswick, June 15 Main drives the course of the lode extended 18ft total 108th Driving along the hanging-wall and taking out of stone Will cut across the lode in another "70ft of sinking, the stone is highly mineralised and solid with galena and black jack there is throughout presents an excellent appearance east crosscut in hard sandstone Distance in 1921 Midas. No 1, bulk! Gully, June 10 Contractors for removal and erection of machinery takes it down I'll commence to deliver It on claim mile or two Midas RniiAb Bald hills, Juno in Main east level extended 15ft, 12ft of which Uirouirh exceedingly hard sandstone Drive again in safe country flat quartz leaders cut in face on Thursday discharging good How of water Indications are still favourable for getting another lode ahead Majorca No 1, Majorca, June re-engaged In putting in trains, and grabbing up combined to a depth of Salt MiDAU- Baw, Grenville, June 14 -In prospecting on north eastern side of workings find two distinct washes Mug once above other, with layer of sand forming division. Upper wash is heiviLr nash Hi i bottom one partakes largely) of nature of reef wash and appears to be overflow of north eastern reef' Uno told evenly distributed from top to bottom of upper wash, but as we have not driven far into It was it is premature to pronounce its value bottom of drive In this wash are fight above deep ground MAUMU' Urn, Grenville June 16-So ellan e of importance taken place as yet In north west drive 11 deep ground The dirt taken from various cross. drives, with exception of one, of same in quality. Heavy wash met with on the north eastern si ! register ntnhicherlci.l than butter crash of similar appearance to a reef wash Halo risen up in I started opening It up Prospects of fine gold can I obtained from top to bottom of this dirt north east bottom level extended 23ft, total losses NrwihoMi Mrs. Majorca, June 10.-i.iekl for week-Compatit, No 1 chair, at. 2dwt No 3 Shaft '17oz heavy, total, Ibos Hdivt Ntl len, Majorca, June 15- Held for severance? 10dwt No IOCowoks Malmsbury, June 15 Continuing stoping, and have about 30 tons broken stone slices cold In breaking down, and should crush fairly firm North drive, bottom level driven 13ft from the shoot There is an important change in it is true she first left showed no gold, but to-day the show a improved and both gold and, according to tin ii p of stone this should be about the beginning of this shoot of gold bearing stone No 4 General (jarrah Buvwiht Malmsl ury June 15 At the laOlt Id el driven 23ft. Met with flat leaders averaging from sin to (in in thickness Have also sunk an additional 6ft at the eastern shaft Country slate, intermixed with ironstone j cars Owing to bring troubled with bad air line lived a windmill and fan, so that we shall be able to get on much better next it eek Napier Majorca, June 4. slices drive extended 40ft, total, from branch, SOU . held, jam to mt Mtruxp Sin at Penguin Tasmania, June 12 -Driven -Off In soft level, reef widening l lied pumps in shaft and deane 1 water out of 400ft level brick s have fallen, and will require timbering busy thing in »!intt»tood well in North Burma, Blackwood, June 14 Main drive extended 15ft bin , distance from crosscut, 150ft Um , reef 4ft bin wide Reef in stopes 6in wide Cleaned up for 50? New Guinea Our, Turn late, June 10 Owing to accident to pumps work will be delayed a few days for her No TunAl Cus, Walhalla, June 14 Contractors have sunk main shaft bit. for the week, Water very heavy , machinery and pumps working well New Piii-Kif«asck literateur, June North crosscut at 400ft len! in -It, has gone through a I false dipping east which carries about 8in of quartz, and a flow of water coming in from It North level in 1.1 fe (round and Winze down 24ft, expect to hole through in a day or two a New linens mu bxTtsbrn, Broken bill June - IIave»tartcd to costeen, commencing on the crown of the tour in Block -5 and Intend extending it each won Chisnall prove a rather a portion of the main Broken Hill lode has kept its original! course and love through the spur branching from the tram Bro) of hill range Mr lochs TllllUT- Maldon, June 14 -Getting good payable stone at 300ft level, and in bars lift up at north and some very excellent pros) ears being obtained Nmi house Miss, Majorca June 15 -Yield, "63s-, 14dwt New NorTh Cicero Clunes June losses cross. cut bottom level i Mended 13ft total 37ft Ground very hard and difficult for blasting. North drive, No 12 level, driven bit, lodestar which carbine. India cold Nlw NonitAs.r, Ballarat, June 10. No 2 level North drive o driven 13ft for fortnight stone may in g strength No J 1 over Indicator vein showing gold No 4 Level-llllizo down --it No 6 Market, block on Indicator let on tribute Western states north of crosscut Th in ordering taken from body of stone, which yielded -dwt to the ton south Drive -June shows fair gold No 2 boat Stone contains a payable Will start slid lug main fault Monday Crushed 60 tons for 42oz 14dwt Nine Italian v, Stawell June If- Shaft repaired 48ft, total land One boiler and fly wheel of fencing delivered No 2 Ilrvmv c Maldon, June 16 -No change in t! a drive north at the 300ft level which extended 5ft, total from crosscut 42ft , still a little quartz for 11 in eat Zuara level sunk -7ft, total 42ft from this level, there is large reef here and holes are cut r find that gold may be corns It is liniliriiialhiilnre rich gold was previously obtained the west across cut at 300ft level driven jolt,, total from shaft lJdlr. Cm , this crosscut is being, put in the order to test the reef cut by the diamond drill Nni Cuni, Maldon, June 10 Contractors flnWirl sinking and timbering the above company silver tea (lupin of JUst alarm d to crosscut assist, lian u -Out for a wet! Ittct expected to be cut in a few feet, 60ft above tills very nice gold was seen NEw JuRy River. Inglewood, June 15- 1 eastern drive extended 11ft, total from a cat crosscutting All in quartz. Have also been breaking stone In the stope at the back of this let it Crushers for > her -or. of smelted gold Nov Lord Irwin as alunite June 14 - Owing to shoot of stone dirt ing northerly from shaft it has been die! led to suspend sinking, pen But, tiutlnraO v mee of tunnel, from which a rise will be put up to limit throughly and connect « Arkins' Present the till of shaft; is; indentured) children lined driver i 17ft through highly mineralised country, total length last A crosscut will be now started on [ from present and threatens a sandstone bar to intersect course of the solid lode of it in iIjoii his: claim close to our boundary, estimated to so -on. to the ton I Nnv IIMllunsT, Trunkey Creek New South Wales, June one-half cut down It's contractor, l,.0Jft wire rope arrived HrwriiiTiiMiiue, Stan all, June 10-ShattCI«.tt Nine hull l soon, Ballarat June 10 No 5 in 60ft of north drive has been cleaned out and is timbered total zest No 6 Level baster present from north drive extended 11ft, country) easier for working and letting out more water carted stocked up and lay rail- in west drive preparatory to resume i lug operations in this direction atom instead In this level shows no Inn movement Coiuiueiico crush. ing on Wednesday next Nuiitii O Colson s Urunmion I, June 15 Eastern crosscut extended 16ft Country nice man came K. greatly mixed with quartz leaders, total listed J driven from ml drive 114ft. Drive on mt lWIt Its 2 shaft extended 3ft, total 17ft Stopped this drive, liebig In hard sandstone Started to rise on shoot of cold on same reef with good prospects as cold is seen in the solid stone and there may be a dinner., clothes has Ung to a payable reef of large It Normal MIDIS Bald hills June I Depth of bore Sent In honeycomb and jelly rock Numil Mine Clllllaro, Nerrina June last I crosscut total 40ft -tartaric during Dick Cullen JJiuuAl.1 Muosuuiir, Stawell, lunch. Have sunk ult for the week, has! ing It) til of till last but have stabbed up 5ft, unit centre 1 1 it. Ground passed through open and full of quaint leaders lying near) II it, and that generally it Named" him H had clock, June li! - but no sun In -the Country hard NorTh ttoiullAiii, Ballarat June losses are"; cut now in IHUt, A little stone in face never shut still very hard and net families could liners for Tloz Olnt , , . j North Wash and means, Sedan, June franc s lead, north gruesome rise and now an lou ntctoI and sloping commenced started to south south drive _,_, son in UNIT, Inglewood, June at Cuthero ? outuiUtukdu further distance of life, total m I shall Pitt, last hOlt In sandstone and slate are mixed in the small spurs. Cond to to non in place 2 In two hours in thick each carrying mundic and galena, but no cold , , Naval Reserves, Lauriston June restrict « north end of lease timbered and windlass erected I Nui iii Uiiiuisuiitii Molgli'r, June 15-inch" 1 Oft lelilexliilded lift a total distance from the bolt strata through still the country are coming in freely from south side of drive and i art (in lining claims hindering Unit -who level west over soil, and are expecting to strike me rod hourly .,_ North Ahocs I Mrcn merchant, Juno s Bottom level extended 11ft, total-fit Drill Iro east level sunk and driven 15ft, total 4BH. is floors In face, about a ton of stone both urn in a little cold Cr ched 10 loads of! quartz for -a UlVVt SOld NutnilfiiN Star, Ballarat, line 10-minute" his ntUOOIt level, foot of solid stone iii la i Name d event came level with about It n li co Is Vanstone Main shaft 14ft value fair will h ""'11d'; next week, unit fronilnllcatloii« there is all reason to believe arriving at this (700ft) but' am brings us into the coal bearing stone , Numil Sill inn in Ballarat June 10dwt so j is let the east crosscut extended 14ft BILL " Ihroilghrtroiigiortt at last drain instant I a country bird No 1 loicl-solilh is due to tended SSIt, country favourable and appears to in approaching quartz North drive li. 1918. with 29 on west side Will put up a rise This was 114 large body of stone . or, in China, Sandhurst June installing a. trial fitful N rain has changed from a fire in a turn underlie and there is a leg of a lad He holders of lists in full lug east and mile"'. north Have not seen, and all I get """;!'" 1 soon extended total cult, hue out back in" lug Jin of islands, no lot seen in h lived' reef at I 70ft him total 5ft and 6in thick at butors liaiecriisliet ii loads quartz letter "as '"'"(Jirrwario Bound OiN»oLiD*r_D ThacKaringa Jan 9 -Shaft timbers I lo level of bran Jesse f, plant and housing attack) corn Level, S "K,. got turn up this week Shall then t rush out and" if left to the local hotel He saw down Wil. Oin IsotKivouo Up Lied, »¡»«'.".^.¿u,,,1ril,ri ho 1 north drive extended 4ft Stl J",'",, Lemont In this drive showing" gold, lettering tended 25ft for the fortnight This round is poor but the face is not far off good ground On Tuesday suspended work in the day of for a time, mud started meets extending south drive, and have driven 14ft Obtain! good dish prospects from this drive, and think we have good run of gold at this point, tending to north west direction 0 Ccwkor'b Fiishhold, To run mond North, June 16 -At the No 2 level! north winze down the required depth. 60ft Strong lode throughout On the eastern branch south and, have driven 5ft No 3 level north drive extended 18ft, total from crosscut 200ft have now driven 15 ft south on the eastern branch South drive extended 16ft, total from crosscut 135ft Stoping continued at the three levels Crushed 250 tons forsook sold IrAKL, Sandhurst, J un« 10- Levels have been opened up north an south at the end of the 400ft. crosscut driven north 16ft, ground, slate and sand stone, with a few small spurs also a leader 4in thick on the wall Expect to meet with the roof during the coming? week Hills south 20ft, reef, Jit thick showing gold Expect to hole to the wind to day (Saturday)) Tile winzes from the 1,000ft level has Ken euriK a further 20ft, total (20ft, reef 3ft thick, show ing gold The stopes Nos laid 1 are showing payable gold No 2 stope is not been, worked a great Crushed for the fortnight 711 loss In for 2222\. dwt retorted (told Good i force now bell j made with erection of crushing machines Park as a Umtbd Gordon June 15 --south drive at No 4 shaft driven 9ft for the week, and is in 12ft. from shaft, to be becoming more settled North east drive 50ft from shaft, water heavy Wcnilsoon Pike had to be the level, and north of that may expect the lode llaveopcmd out at 600ft level to strike lode recently discovered it 600ft level Stone in 600ft level shown very good cold, and looks like turning out wider short!; PARKER'S REEF Maldon, June 165ft sunk for neck, total depth, 4(Jii(t Niture of stone stone and dry with occasional strings of quartz. Changing house completed 1 khcydaLK Urojdalo Tune 10. Shaft 11ft, total depth, 46ft Sinking very good houses Eaglehawk June 1 Winze below 850ft Hotel on Devonshire reef sunk Mt, Our total, 30ft din fro level stone now about 6ft thick, showing (gold Started level south at Bluff, to Intersuctwinze Nea In 40ft from crosscut I diNeRs Dvqviau, Sandhurst", mine lil- Crushed 231 loads quartz from 750ft au I 1 25 lit levels for 15oz. gold reef at 700ft level t-ft..wido and shows fair cold baths level and stopes reef at 225ft continues to show fair gold Work has been suspended in the mine since Wednesday, in consequence of feed pump of boiler breathing, but has now been repaired and work resumed PriNCESs laOVAii, Mary;, borough, June 16 Cistern frame completed and shaft below 240ft level re timbered Pumps lowered and commenced sink ii'Jf lHtNCT-=s AtFtANonA Eaglehawk June 15 Shaft his been sunk 5ft, in hard as men ton of bars ; total from surface, 1 lOUt Have out a (small spur In bottom Pressure- Walks and Uossitvw Sebastopol, June 10 -lift sunk, total, 50sec --one delay caused through an hu reas- of water coming from the quartz struck in shaft last week, the li inundated the procuring and tiling second rope The waterlow Narriga little Punch or WaIsFI, Taradale June 15 For the week the main drive has been extended d 25ft chairs a little tighter and not so thick Wash In other face looking about the same Gold for the furthering, Woz dwt Luck ItioLNT Ballarat June 10in driving south at 200ft level cut shall still continue from underfoot and no v sinking winzE for other vein that died aware I did, fortnight Volos. 18dwt raisins Uiktiiau, M dint-bury. June at once In a report the rise at 75ft level has been extended well, into 10 -bin thick showing gold The wire from 600ft level to connect with same sunk 15ft, stone Oin think shaven, head When connected will be able to keep the battery going full time in the eastern shaft cut a reef 6in thick nice looking stone Will break through to winzes, and test if this is the main one worked iboveoronuof its branches. Will clean up Saturday from stuff put through at 87ft level tAut NS Bnvnifur Dunolly June 11 Engaged cutting for new bob at No G plat In about 10 days we hope to have completed this v or It due pastimes and timbers for the bush are belt t, pushed forward as fast as posa li lo I have sun h xTrvnnn Brol on hill, June 9 Crosscut meat has been extended 7ft (for week, total, 17ft The country chan 10s every tw0 or three feet small tins of feed showing now all over the face Hassel err a. clearance of the lode being close at hand iUhixniN Broken Hill June 9 -Underlay shaft, north drive timbers extended 3ft for week, total 50ft Country hard Lode is still about the same size shown if carbonate of lead and chlorides Lx feet In driving along, theatre some good deposits of chloride ore w IB be met with England is all bunk but for week, total 63 ft Bockhfu Au-viuvMvn-n Silver, Broken hill No south shaft now down It , lode rather Final) but improving in appearance and as an. No 2 north 14ft total it the, soft ground very hard, consist it g of quartzite lode, which came in centre of -shaft carrying iron writes No 3 Shaft sunk 9ft for the week total depth, 125ft Have uncovered hanging wall of ironstone lode but not put into it yet C 1 tmiscniLP, paper France June 15 Tunnel driven for the week Kilt ; total distance, 70ft Now in better working country Bon I is iNTeNDeD, Haunted Stream, June 9 - Sunk 6ft, total depth, below Ground hard, water into reading, bT Clyde inglewood, June 14 Bottom level extended "9ft for week country getting better. More ha i ei ii in channel of lode SUAnt s No 1, Mary borough June 14 Just struck lode, in solid stone, tile by mineralised, s how high soft hot, t Water * Gully Chewton, June 11 The reef cut I M'Dotulds spirit is 211 Our wide, making larger as they descend and showing court to! The the solid stone he J hair is through the quartz. We shall be deep enough this fortnight, to open out t-otmiKriN Cf!0"S, Forest Creek, June 15- Have called tenders for sin] in a new shaft The north will be delivered to shareholders on a "thing she can solve UEMiounNF crochet into Broken Hill, June 15. -At No shaft have cross cut ea*»tl2It in country W o*i te in crosscutting It, Am Inv using tenders for this work, we shall require to go but 50ft. No 2 shaft deepened to 900ft Am erecting whip in readiness to «tartcrosscnttiug for the lo be at this shaft some Dkvov, liu-jti-AOrth June 11 ---stoping from 2 ft level is going on as usual West level to 25ft Will In real k Into the stone in a day or two days- 54 tons of stone at trenches bOLTii Kano whose, Majorca, June 16 -No 3 drive on top of eastern rise extended 37ft Been going through a high reef for the last few shots with good wash at point of laths sold STAR. Sebastopol, June 18. Shaft sunk 3ft, total, 74th crosscut 72ft level extended 6ft,, total, 68ft Ground flight in shaft and drive south Unity Inglewood, June 15 Contractors start t > timber up the shaft on Monday, 13th fast. SOt Til COLMAN tXTKNtUD, ClubS, MUll, 16. The east drive extended 17ft for week. West drive 18ft, in ore slate, no chance but THE New Chum, Sandhurst June 15-At 250ft level haieoxtcmlui drive south hole on the lode, and at the 300ft level the Intermediate level north is in fact Lode getting narrower in consequence of the and in the formations In the st open from this level the lode is from Jib to 4ft wide, showing paya like (gold in southern stope no dimunition in rise, in the following Land Allot high having a large quantity of Gtoiieoii fund shall not no in a position to crush until next week as we have had a lot of trouble he thing the new supply pump. going UiiiUM starT. silverton June have carried out the ten men for a drawn out of 120, and have passed over two mineralised d belts of stout which 1 inten 1 to prove, but still firm. carry on the trench across the full soLTii Pkincb Ufopnt, Ballarat, Juno is Drive at AWL level Rise from crosscut, In good settled country, about ft From face a drive put in west, which struck stone on Indicator, showing gold 1 respecting drive at top of me in 400ft level is 14ft. last of Iniicitur, in t, ate taunts the stone here 1 of pony underfoot Crushed J- tons for Rose. lCJwt left several 11 Alan, -feclmtopol, June 20 -Shaft 42ft, quartz veins that we met fall of) have dipped west, present sinking it in hard sandy tone soLTii Clunki MTM, Clunes, June 10 - raised and crushed for the fortnight 1 2016 tons of quartz j kid, 4i>0oA. 5dwt, of bar gold Mine -Sunk-. No 3 shaft a further depth of soil, total from No 3 level 70ft, Last Lode No 7, No 4 shaft Driven north Uit, total distance from shaft 5dwt, late 4ft wide, of a a\ allis appearance and did it before a level - Extended south drive 9ft total distance from shaft little, rodents wide, stone looking. fairly well A crushing of quartz from the ii a and to spur back of No 3 level, 500ft south of and put t From h thubittor.v during the fortnight yielded the h and the return of 34oz. 4dwt per ton Undiruroui I working--) and machinery all in (good working. order Preparations are being made for the securing of a target pumping ciiiInoatNo 4 shaft bARR King, Bros of hill June 13. West crosscut extended 4ft for the week Lode very hard, and shorting has and prices throughout Start walk a (wire whip tomorrow, which will enable us to make better progress with the crosscut Block 45 -North drive In the, 1 du are wide and of poor hung assurance sketch a Ians as intimated in last report available, for inspection li) sh useful term china Ci KKH Graytown, June U- No 2 western drive extended 16ft for well , total, (12ft from cross cut the weather keeps very level, and looks better as advanced on No I north extended "fit for week total 161 W ash down Ut in the face Drive eith in -it, A nice looking coarse wash 12ft down the face Prospects are nthl *utL*dactor) fciLMM; Miss Nina, I organisers, James Menere io-'..iik-i-i'd on the full-pay I ask' a shaft is also be c of ink near the bar..-, cost per stained lode down to it rose t to make . or Mt Isadore ttr king it was then follow v it on the underlie cut a track it is wherefore uttorN (got (well Mut wish lode 16ft total inner surface The site in looks as good as a . under lease flavour chance to try j i as?, well ( r must of water and are late, y bluUuj, trial Chalton it. Weil AMI HOTUIMASN bUVlOl Julie 10 - Br a in j out stone about 100 runs on Hi w law Cru huge ULicIti¿iarrledoi expect it to have returns In During next week Now we; read in public in u|tiiliAuet und kllldlighhaliioadv for even when work will be proceeded with to greater advantage The game now being unseated is from the engineer lace and the clouds pass up below Terror has hAiT --Sebastopol, June 15-16 1 Mid-North drive 150ft level extended to it U lil from crosscut 90ft 1 encountered ship which has a grain dust rose 1 the lode Mu- at a lorded with and livings air amount of stone cures ther IsOil. huth ruud drivers metal process scanties in a rib it south drive home t in in the shed For further ventilation and the extension of air pi) t from the (south It veh now Complete and Boot a brawl at work satlühutonlv battery working one shift New Mill -North drive advanced 12ft Country greatly improved later drive now entering upon (Inikulali, i n tor h pm and with quartz lead of South drive extended -6ft and presents much the same I earance as north lace sutTon OoitUN Sirrah Equator, June 16 - Smillilauoptiiol out and have driven 30ft In fine I okliuiwa-ih No more work will be done in the St hUituit.Uhuii.ii" drlvehaslt.ninlari.id area larger rise put up. I'iudur-. had arrested on the Union Friday, and decided to erect a whim and have ) ml ding amounting to to-it fire and before putting g up their tour siHisu in UNr tJUAiiT?, Cranswick. Juno BERTHA driving. north on the Ink at the pro-iituutltii, Strait, strong U 5ft (6in w i 15 and couLlmu h to show nice gold ; about 40 tons on surface we are being kept down at No I shaft. Star, s No 4 North, Havelock, Juno 10 Broken down di reel showing in chamber it i rot or to be the office wall) to wall, with horse of mullock between think Bhn of holut nt vue showing fine gold through u it (this Is the character of 2 Shaw 2 ' reef) Crushed Farm none for very good prospects hiiiAsroioi Plathau, beha-sionol June 16- Main drive UJOit level driven 12ft for four days, total dUtftticeftutiihhalt-JJfi, Country) getting find ^^"?«MAN leases Ballarat, June 10-1 In a total wn XV estate took It'iuiifcntthuutotiiioliiuxtwuik MU then start to open out on gold is ear had leader passed through a ring Sulieman Pasha, Killara June IO-Wicks amid (unusual. 5dwt A quantity of dead work was done during early part of week, which has it is in the output of a son to expect to get much out this UmllKWeuk ha. tm still, Mount Zeehan, Tasmania, June ft - it is at once obtainable at Iona remain 1 for testing at n t neck, and (on exhibition in Ali Ihoumu Have wished to look track In the Ml m tunic value progress In distressingly slow, but coiuinutili-ailon is area Uli harrowing -whites broken hill. June 12-hour Mile, Block 45 Tender has bean trees and for making time shaft a further depth of Mt too true to rd started work this morning hcoTciiUANfl Umtfp, Stawell, June 20 -First reef con tin up to look well about, ingold fr«,clj,everv haul their bringing up possible storm, ft in some thick and in that. thicker there were 30 tons on the surface The new air compressor has arrived, and is in course of erect on hMKATOs HBSvnvB Unit p, Smeaton, June 15 - JSow nulli reef drive, full leave the 44ft drive bearing: northwards , water lodgement driven 12ft Shaws Koo Hor, fUvelcek, June assorted pure so i Thurn Ikj h untill.' was king smoothly and well is five lower. I water Oft. made a Urti ii r Hope to have water all out on roads Contractor will Uni it up all odd j by in a few days MUn s Kelp. White Hill" June 30 -Eíil.íilíí elm ft rain set. in , milling of ore from bottom chum ber, and 18ft. (6in from surface stopes are looking about the same as last report MiiWAS ritrpiioLu j ararat, June 16- Ground rushed through during the west has been a lull bird or fur sinking but.. of are still making good progress Depth of Mnit delft blue i ExTtsuru Havelock, June 15 Shaft, total 280ft. a51 aw s Cor OFN 5Th Havelock le, Juneau -Contract let for dividing eastward, whip fixed Misses oper tion of IliiiaJieU, underwear.. will be ooniiuenct-d forth with but IlrMtv Scott, ridden June 10 Main drive north at disclose. IcvU, Stitt, bode Jc wide and shown fair gold convention of rise with ho 1 share nearly 11 wish ed Lode, in No - winze about 3ft. wide, and that feed appearance Held from 71 tons, Suez. last letter MnAbToiub Star, Sebastopol, June 16 -Total depth, East. Simla In nine solid state country we are all coming. from aUouc lift up from bottom of shaft. Hourn Stitching, Ballarat, June 16 -West crosscut extended 14ft for week in centre country later mixed antiquary runs. Total fruit and!., 150ft lKfABUitK, Furnauu on June 11 --Discontinued, was in her and it is, time men are employed on north of id of block with ron good a respects Sunk north shaft salt., and dry on the , around 1 hard, showing,' chlorides but lode pi t cb e at pre cot. new shaft at north chief brocks down tMt, expect to -cut lode about-face t, XkMikkance Ballarat, June 15 -Shaft now h full size plunder chamber, total depth, satisfy, a Bill AoAis, lUirjbworUi, Juno li - stoping to wards set apart from the boundary line north News in J'jlt itself from 2in to 8in thick, carrying good gold Have 20 tons ready for crushing is Limit Wuk hat In, June 11 -the work of on land or rent of water race it. being a proceeded with his bagged tin is now at Koetong sailing in. a in UNITy, Inglewood, June 15 Main Shaft, 400ft Level - In driving east for women chamber have struck a new make of quartz. The reef, which w underlying west and dipping. tariff had a very pro might, appearance, and showing gold fairly in the stone. Unit Sandhurst, June realise nt 1 Shaft. Have put up 20ft., and hauled threatens to winds from l,5 GfL Rev J! Stone 12ft. thick, show but RoLL intend to h start driving north , expect to drive about 20ft. before the reef will come down in the level of any high UvieoKh, Sandhurst, June 16 "Level north at 900ft, extended AM-, total sale, was. of gold in quartz and spurs., making, to the waste in slate ground, the stone has a proii-Iain-r appearance At 500ft level basins stone overhead At 164ft level breaking stone in east of level, which filions gold crushed 117 tons, yield of 26oz 16dwt Ino to tour England H tons tin SUEZ. dwt Hold total could Jboz. 14 v same buciiANAStí and America's, Illirie wood, June 15 - have been making; preparations to make a further distance of COAL for (artery is employed crush i (i in for the iViormti,; Star Company VICTORIA QUARTZ la mode le, June 15 -The engine shaft, further depth of Kitto al from surface, aTft still continued good shaking, no sign of wear jet A tender. Maindample, June 9 -Fair progress is he i n. made In opening out Had it for JSo - level, (ground rather hard Wiruo su in the stone being taken out showing: good gold Water federative finished Hatte o uluiuHt finished walling for a Mv minor details, Had steam up, causing worked satin factory Willy, Wells, June 15 Dre 20ft from chamber Pcrft-Lti> satisfied with app<.arauet.f. generally in drive, an combs of slates and sandstone and it shot into an A of unsettled appearance, together with that which has not been seen before viz., mundic freely distributed at times In slate with occasional cubes of galena These are batlofdctor^ feAtures. Wau DAseR Silver, Broken hill. June instant has done still., have been sinking on its 2 lode, w here a cross vein interests Nor June 3 and there is every indication of meeting with a horse to be No H Shaft sunk 14ft. for the week, total depth 60ft , Lode (same as last report carry him very rich ore, a part all of tons will Ik dispatched to Dry Creek for- use as Worlds In course of a few days Woods and lîiUM.SGiivM stawell, June 10 - Wima at court, level sunk Jil, making depth JQIt, reef about (ft. thick, can cure your cold in the store, a tributers aim breaking out very good stone, the crushing from the 114A will be stepped up to West LoiTotiLiY, Creswick, June 19- Main drive extended 6ufL_ for the week in It is the blue acidity. e total laborer. A bore put up went the round to wash at 60ft., or bit, higher than previous one, distant from. Eastern LiAMirRiti1- Ballarat, Juno to Total depth, shaft , will complete stabbing to night. Total depth, S(I5fL WuiTR I recruit Purnamoota, June 18.- Hare Bill very promising looking indications , going down on the large lode, mourn,; thee brown looking, (artisans and Iron stone Men working on matters to be Watfkioo Waterloo king, Juan lU.~t.old for week, 3oz 10dwt. him Not, I Mohawk, June 11 South mine shaft 16ft, and timbered up Ult, fixed skill and art of permanent Uddurwaja, water making stronger, hub ilûtBiiilklent to stop making a total depth Hltt be innate below bottom pUttortu, machines working splendid \01tKHHmr, Tarnagulla June 11-13 Telegraph) - is to connect lev its complete 1 liable told found in stone 60ft. above bottom level wore a CovNoti, Malmsbury, June to -have driven 20ft south and sent 1 erect stone Must), not well deduct., and pipes good 'hall little out a small trial crushing, and. keep on the north drive the store he can I improve ing north The shoots In this locals are no rally dip south, in I 1 1 all be opening free country every foot in that direction FOUND summer, Ballarat, Juno in Sunk 9ft, total, lift \vv\q I LFPAto, Upper Buckland, is no 0 Athol 1 tunnel south on eastern wall we are making said h factory progress, the walls are now 3ft apart and baden, running from one wall to the other, all carry. first. fine gold, the ground on the foot all in sand stone and quartz, on hanging wall sandstone Yandoit sued Ju>e*rioS United, Yandoit, June 19 Yield of gold, 15oz. let, sea, June 16- North drive advanced 12ft on course of lode, total from crosscut, shaft, south drive now in 45ft., the stone in both faces of me thick, and showing gold every breaking down, shall start to rise now at once, and commence sloping next week 