BUESTING BALFOUR'S BOAST. THE 'PROCLAIMED' MEETINGS OF THE LEAGUE. POLICE AND SOLDIERS LET LOOSE ON THE PEOPLE. Mr. Balfour's 'provocative' and foolish 'boast,' to repeat the epithet applied by Mr. John Morlay to the statement that the National League is ' a thing of the past' in certain portions of Ireland, was (says the Dublin Freeman, April Id), pricked and exploded like a. burst bladder on Sunday. Mr. William O'Biien at Lonehren, Mr. Davitt, Mr. John O'Connor, Mr. John lledmond, Mr. Crilly, Mr. Abraham, Mr. Cox, Mr, Condon, and Mr. Jordan in different, parts of the county Clare ; Mr. T. M. Healy, Mr. Flynn, Dr. Tanner, and Mr. O'Hea in Cork county, established con clusively thst the Nsuional League in all these places is alive and kicking. The Canute of the Irish Office ordering the wave of the popular organization to recede seems only to hare increased its volume and to b&ve; hitmelf got drenched with the ridicule o£ faig failure. What Mr. O'Brien did at Loughrea Mr. Davilt, Mi1. Healy, and the other representative gentle. i men aamed proved ivfc Ehuia and Scariff, and Kilrush and Milltown-Malbay, and Macroom and Kanturk. All the violence, all the blunders, were on the side of the powers that be. In the first place, the pronunciomentos prohibiting the meetings were kept back till the last moment. In the second place, unoffending and unresist ing crowds of peaceable people wore savagely, nay, frantically attacked. At Ennis the out rageous baton charge seems to have been as wanton as it was indiscriminate. Neither age nor sex was spnred. Old men, women, and girls, nay, children of tender years, were all swooped down upon in one red ' melee ' of Sun day. And wherefore ? Because they ven tured to assemble to see and hear tho leaders in whom they have confidence, and who have suffered for them, and who have won something for them, and because they wished to assert with those leaders in their midst their right and their determination to live in their own land and to have and to hold their own homes. The scenes at Kilrush and Ennis had parallels at Kanturk and Maeroom, Nothing could be more feroci ous than the action of the authorities and their subordinates. Several English visitors wit nessed the scenes in various parts of the country, and the day of Mitchelstown will cot: be remembered more widely on both sides of the Channel than tho Low Sunday or 1888. What has been done, as we have said; ia this. Mr. Balfour is proven to have stated ' the thing which is not' to the House oi Commons, which of all sins in the worid excuses least an empty boast. Secondly, the right of public meeting has been vindicated, Thirdly, tho attention of the people of tho Three Kingdoms is concentrated on Ireland, and the British citizen ia brought face to face with the deed;; done in his n&me.; They need only tho 'expose' for the overthrow and downfall of a system which not on Sunday for the first or the hundred-and-first time is dappled in innocent blood. There was engaged on Sunday a corps d'armee grappling with a few branches of the National League. The reports read more like despatches from Barmah or Su akirn than from places within telephonic communication distance of Westminster and Windsor. The list of wounded is equal to the casualties in one of Great Britain's little wars And the whole situation ia more inflamed and in a more acute stage than ever. £350 a day, Mr. Healy calculates, it costs the Government to keep him alone from addressing the people o£ his native country in open meeting assembled. And this is what Ms1. Balfour calls governing Ireland ! WILLIAM O'BRIEN SOUNDS THE NOTE OK DEFIANCE. Mr. O'Brien thus addressed a, meeting at Bal linasloe on Saturday night : — I dare say you have heard that to-morrow we have one other critical day before us. Mr. Balfour (groans) is muster in his horse, foot, and artillery, I believe to-night, to ride us down or shoot us down in Loughrea to morrow. He has issued a proclamation, but I be lieve that, whatever may happen us individuals to-morrow, one thing the proclamation will affect will be that he will have proclaimed himself un worthy of belief for evermore in the face of Eng land. He has been hoaxing the English Parlia ment, and he shrinks from the exposure of his own insolent falsehoods. He told the House of Commons the other night that the National League was a thing of the past, and we have his myrmidons careering all over Clare and all over Cork and all over Gal way to-night in abject terror of the organi zation which he told the House of Commons that he had subdued and annihilated. If he was telling the truth, what is he in dread of if the National League is dead and gone ? Dead men tell no tales. (Cheers.) Ah, but he knows well that his boasts in the House of Commons were falsehoods ; he knows that the National League is alive and kicking. (Cheers.) He knows that the League is to-day a greater terror than ever it was to the landgrabbers and to the rackrenters. He knows very well that, except Lord Clanricarde we cannot get a landlord in Connaught to stand up against the Plan of Campaign. It is not a matter of opinion ; it is a matter of fact and of truth ; it is as notorious as the midday sun ; and yet Mr. Balfour has the barefaced audacity to tell the House of Commons the contrary. He is barefaced enough to tell them that the Na tional League has sunk out of existence. And what is more amazing than all, he expects we can acquiesce in this statement and corrobrate him, and when the people of Cork and of Clare and Galway rise up to give him the lie, he hopes to put down and to suppress the voice of truth with his bayonets and with his proclamations. His calculation is that if he can prevent the people to-morrow from answering in open public meet ing that he will drive them to the only other answer — that of outrage and of murder. (Never.) He was balked before, and his calculations will crumble around his ears like a house of cards. He will not succeed in driving us from daylight, and he will not succeed, if we can help it, in driving our people to outrage and to politics of despair. No, if the National League wants an ad vertisement of its vitality, it will get it tomor row, the biggest advertisement it erer got, from Dublin Castle. Every battalion of policemen and of soldiers, every troop of dragoons mustered to night from the four quarters of Ireland, will form as fine a series of League demonstrations as ever was organized. There is aofe a polieeman who will draw his baton to- morrow that won't be giving Mr. Balfour the lie direct, and be showing the English people that where he bragged of the Na tional League being a thing of the past he might as well have bragged that he suppressed the colour of the green hills of Ireland. We are not going to pit our unarmed people against the rifles and bayonets that Mr. Balfour has at his com mand. The rifles and the bayonets will be under Mr. Balfour's orders to-morrow. They will pro bably be under Mr. Parnell's orders the day after (cheers) ; but what we can do and will do is to meet him in the open daylight, and to assert the truth. We can, and we will, show Englishmen that the Irish people are not such slaves and hounds as to be frightened out of existence by a few months' coercion. (Cheers.) Mr. Balfour has now pledged his reputation to a an assertion which we know to bo a lie. Upon that issue we will meet him to morrow. In the famous words of General Oteant, ' We will fight it out.' On that line if be takeS the whole aummer — aye, if he takes the wholb summer, the whole autumn, and the whole wiater of our lives— until landlordism and BalfouriBm are ruined, and the reign of fraud and of brute force in Ireland is over, and until the sacred cause that our fathers have handed down to us shall be crowned— as it will be crowned some day — with triumph and with victory xrom snore w shore. (Cheers.) THE LOtTGHEEA MEETING. The Freeman correspondent writing on Sun uay evening says : — This has been a hiatoric day in tho annals of Loughrea, a town which has been the 2cene_ of many exciting and memorable incidents daring the struggle between Lord Cl&nricarde; and his tenants. Ttie meeting was proclaimed, th© people assembled. Mr. O'Brien apoke, and the people ?/ere duiperced by force. That is the sum total of the day's proceedings, and tbat total re presented exactly the ultimate aim and object which the promoters of the meeting had in view. The feat to ba accomplished was to show tboso who might have already known it thpt the Na tional League is alive in Loughrea, and that Mr.. Balfour'n boasto that the popular spirit of Irish men is crushed are absolutely without founda tion. Well, if took Divisional Magistrate Byrne, County-Inspector O'Brien, innumerable district ingpectora, tv/o hundred police, a troop of the 11th Hussars forty strong, and a company o£ the 2'3rd Fuoiliera to cupproRH the oral expression o£ the popular sentiment of Loughren. Mr. William O'Brien, M.P,, drove over in th© morning from Bnllinasloo,, where he spent tho night, and arrived in Lough?oa before eleven. Mr. O'Brien drovo to the residence o£ the Most Eev. Dr. Duggcn, Biohop ot Clonfortj whore he wao most cordially greeted by hia lordship. Here he met Mr. Henry Wilgon, IP., who came over from England to attend. From noon forward to-day people began to stream in from all quartern. Large parties arrived in wag genettes with bands and cheered as they passed through the town. The police were stationed at different place?, and engaged themselves in seizing all the hurling e&mans; which members brought with them. As the meeting time approached Divisional Ma gistrate Byrne stationed nearly all his foroes opposite the entrance to the field in which the platform was ejected, and placed Mr. Long burne and County Inspector O'Brien in charge. The Fusiliers were drawn up with fixed ba yonets, and the Hussars were close at hand. The police were all armed with rifles, and there were no baton men. At two o'clock Mr. O'Brien, accompanied by Mr. Henry Wilson, M.P., several priests, and an enormoue crowd oE persons, left the Bishop's Palace here for the place of meeting, which is on the outskirto of the town. As the procession passed through the town it gathered in atrength. The people cheered enthusiastically gq they went. Mr. O'Brien was at the head of the pro cesnion, and when he reached the entrance, ho beckoned the people back, and went up to where the Eesident Magistrate and County Inspector were standing. May I a3k who is the officer in charge ? said Mr. O'Brien. Mr. Longburne replied that he was. Mr. O'Brien — I intend to hold a meeting to day for perfectly constitutional purposes, and to make the truth plain to the English people. I propose to pass ? Mr. Longburne said he would have to carry out the proclamation. Mr. O'Brien — I shall persist in the right of public meeting here to-day, but I am so tho roughly satisfied with what has happened hereto day, that if I am myself assaulted or arrested I shall take care and guarantee that no further effort will be made to hold the meeting. If there is a desire on your part, as there is on ours, to avoid disturbance, you will now assault me. Mr. Longburne repeated that he would be obliged to carry out the proclamation. Mr. O'Brien — I came to test this question in my own person. I am the malefactor here. I take the whole responsibility of the meeting ; and if lam doing anything wrong, you can take me by violence and arrest me. If I am not doing anything illegal, then I propose to hold the meet ing- The Eesident Magistrate, in a tone of voice almost inaudible, was understood to repeat what he had said before1. Mr. O'Brien — Then I propose to place upon you the responsibility. If you attack the people or create any disturbance, I wash my hands out of the responsibility. Mr. O'Brien then advanced, and passed into the field without interference. When the plot form was reached Mr. O'Brien quickly ascended it, accompanied by Mr. Wilson, M-P. ; Father Meagher, Father Costelloe, Mr. Pater Sweeney, Mr, Peter Kelley, Mr. John M'Cavthy, Mr. Pot Kennedy, and Mr. Pierce Dolphin, solicitor. The Huaoars were drawn up in line in front ot the platform, and the police were brongbt into position close bv. The people gathered in around the platform, and maintained their posi tion. County-Inspector O'Brien then came forward , and addressing Mr. O'Brien, said— I worn you once more that any meeting here is illegal, and it will be instantly dispersed. Mr. O'Brien — I have already warned you that I intend to attempt it and throw upon you the responsibility. I have warned you again and again that I am the person to attack and not the people. If you choose to attack the people, then well and good. I intend to hold the meeting. Mr. O'Brien then turned to the people, and was greeted with loud cheers. He said — Follow- countrymen, without saying one word to you to day, I believe we have already carried our point most completely. We have not only convicted Mr. Balfour of falsehood to the English Parlia ment and to the English people, but we have con victed him now of attempting to suppress the evidence of his falsehood by violence and blood shed. Mr. Balfour toli the House of Commons that the National League was a thing of the past, and that you were dead and buried. (Cries of ' l^eyer.') All I can, sayia that you are the most numerous &nd; thriving company of ghosts that were eror seen in the world or will eve»' foe teen until feiie day of general judgment. Mr, O'Brien hod got so for whea thfr police charged at the people with their ri&es;, 3tnlring everyone they could reach. The people* v, ho liad up to this moment otooti together in e, solid bedy, were now compelled to giro Way, and 'Were scattered by the policemen. Mr. O'Brien cried out, ' Cowards! I am the person for you to attack, and you arc nitacking everybody else.' A body of about fifteen ftlnstablos, headed by Countf Inspector O'Brien and Dis trict Inspector Murphy, got on the platform from the rnised ,'jround and proceeded to clear St. One constable raised hia rifle to strike Mr. Henry Wilson, but before he could got his Jblow homo two other constables threw Mr-. Wilson of£ the platform. The hon. gentleman .leached the ground unhurt* District Inspector Murphy drew his awoS'd with & i&ost; demon strative flourish and showed that he was not an ?adept even, ia that primitive department of snilitary science bj striking Father Meagher in the mouib. aa he dtevr it. .Fortunately the rev. . gentleman was not much hurt by the District ..Inspector's clumsiness. Strange to pay, not a single constable came near Mr. O'Brien. An old man here came up to Mr. O'Brien on 'the platform and shook his band. He said — '*' That you may never die.' He could not finish the sentence, as two policemen seized him and ilung him down the steps. Immediately after wards, a young felloe approached^Mr. O'Brien, and said — ' I came 30 miles to see your face.' He met a sirsiular fate. Mr. O'Bries turning to (the police, said 'You will have to throw me down in the same way,' but the constables, to a man, ovided him. In the mean time the people were ' being; scat* tiered by the police, and soro.o gave considerable trouble bofora they waro put to flight, Some stones were thrown at the police from behind the wall, and it is stated that one constable who was attack presented his viSa loaded. I did not Bee the incident, and I cannot personally vouch for the statement. Father Meagher and Father t/ostello tnen induced Mr. O Brian to leave the platform, but before doing so he turned to the . people, who ntill remained about and said, ' No atones, no zniaailoa of any kind, We have met . them better and we have beaten them better. I would like to see Mr. Balfonr hold up his head in an assembly of honourable men after this soene. Twenty times I called on them to . attack me, but they dare not touch me. I believe we have done enough, and to save the people I put an end to thia scene. Mr. O'Brien then left the platform, and fchs people moved towards the town. The people gathered around Mr. O'Brien when they Left the field, and marched with him op the town to the bishop's residence. They were cloaely followed by hussars and pohoe. When the bishop's residence was reached the .people were quickly dispersed by the priests. At four o'clock a meeting was held in the Temperance Hall. The doora were elaborately barricaded. The arrival of Mr, O'Brien and Mr. Wilson, with the clergymen, created great applause, and attracted the attention of a large body of police, who took up a position outside the door of the Temperance Hall, but mode no attempt to force an entrance. o'brikn's speech. Mr. O'Brien, who was received with wild cheer ing, said — I am proud beyond expression of the glorious stand the men of Loughrea have made to day for liberty. We have inflicted upon Mr. Balfour the worst exposure and the worst humi liation that ever ha3 befallen an English Minister. He left this town for hours to-day in the hands of the manhood of Gal way wearing openly in their hats the emblems of the organization which he assured the House of Commons he had extirpated and slain. (Cheer3.) His own army of soldiers and police were forced to look on (cheers), and to wit neBS that the lie was forced down his throat. It ?' was not us he was trying to suppress and con ceal from the English people ; but he is a beaten and a guilty man to-night, and it is no fault of the men of Galway if the English people do not ' realize to-morrow morning how this man has been deceiving them and disgracing the English name in Ireland. (Cheers.) I congratulate you again and again, and I tell you that no matter ;- how they may persecute you and gall you and madden you we will be a match for Balfour and ' Clanricarde put together when all is over. (Great cheering.) Their object is to wear you down and strike your leaders, but you have got a firm grip of your homes still. (Cheers.) You have got your ?? rents where Clanricarde will never find them (cheers), and believe me you need not tremble for ; your home, for Balfour knows that the day on ?: which he undertakes the extermination of the Clanricarde tenantry in the interest of this mis creant lord, the English people will hurl him from Ireland amidst the execrations of the civil ized world. (Cheers.) They may arrest a handful I of us, or a hundred of us, or a thousand of us (cheers and cries of ' we are ready'), but your organization will still remain unbroken. You ' will have the blessing of your venerable bishop (cheers), you will have Englishmen like Mr. 'Wil- son (cheers) and Mr. Blunt (cheers) ready to come over and suffer in your cause. You have millions of your own kith and kin across the At lantic who will never desert you as long as they have a dollar in their pockets. That being so, I tell you to push, forward steadily and fearlessly (cheers), I would like to know what good man, ever won a great cause without a great struggle, and we may have a struggle yet before we lay Mr. Balfour among the things of the past, as he says we are, and as surely as Cromwell and as surely as Castlereagli are things of the past, the day will come, mark my word for it, when like many an Englishman before him who1 trod on the same path, Mr. Balfour will recognize that the spirit of Irish nationality is too strong for him, and whether I am there or not to see it, you the young men will be there at all events, aud in the time to come when you aro sitting around your own firesides, please God, in happi ness, peace, and independence, it will be the very proudest boast to your children, the nights that you pasa now on tho plank bed ; ib will be the highest feather in your caps, and Ireland will yet Siemiem'be£i-=-and remember gratefully— and will Reward Baifour's criminals as the soldiers who cstood in the gap of 'danger in these last and these historic scenes — these crowning scenes — in our uatioila?. wto for independence. (Cheers.) The precession of ghosts in Shakespeare's play is no thing compared to We uprising of ghosts of the dead National League who in such multitudes pa3oed solemnly to-day between the double lines of fo.usp&rs; and infantry, marched up to their plat ferni, and were not ashamed to display the em blems of the National League. (Cheers.) Continue in that spirit. Let you do your part and we \Vill do ours, and, please God, some day of other we will meet here in taoughrea, not merely to take the platform., but to take ib and hold it. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Wilson Also addressed the meeting. He called upon them to take the advice of their trusted leaders in all matters, and the English people on their side of the Channel would endea vour to co-operate with them as far as they could. (Cheers.) The meeting then dispersed quietly. At night every house in the town was illumi nated. 