THE MYSTJRY OF A HANDSOME CAB. :0— . [BY.SIGNOR NICK-ALL.] , " A fomirtiscence of the late Election. It was a wilti weird night, suggestive of ghosts, dripping policem'eh, rejoyîyig ducks and other hideous phantasies of a disturbed brain. Pelt, Pitter, Patter, came the- "heavy drops of rain on my weather-stained Inverness coat> as I'sat sUeritr ly and dejectedly on my'percli behind th£ cab. The awful silence in between the' Mis'' of the stbrm rere depressing my- spirits • and with the exception of a few flashes' of the electric fluid, denominated "lightning," and an' occasional effort from a misguided asthmatical cock who resides on a fence close by and who evidently felt it his duty to express his disapprobation of the Anti-Responsible Government Petition at most unseasonable hours, there was nothing, absolutely nothing to cheer my damp and drooping spirits. " No business to-night ?" Soliloquised, as I turned the modest chew of 'bacca over to the other side of my mouth. " No business to- night, I think I'll turn it up and walk round the corners home." The words were hardly out of my mouth when I heard a low but distinct—" Hist !" Placing the aforesaid sound to the credit of the asthmatical rooster, 1 took no notice of it and merged into a train of thought as regards the probable future of the Victoria Literary under the direction of the Governor's private Committee. Again the fearful calm of the gloomy nio-ht was broken by " Hist !" A cold shiver passed down my vertibre but meeting half-way the expectant thrill of a twc. Bob fare it subsided and left me anxious only to get another customer. It was a fearful night— "Hist!" Again came the sound falling on my ear like a sneeze of our infirm cat. I listened hard ! " Hist !" With a start I turn- and beheld, a figure, enveloped in a heavy coat and a slouch hat emerging from the darkness. i " By all the makers of patent Royal handsomes," I exclaimed, " it is S.-If. Pa but I had not time to finish. The mysterious stranger glided towards me with the undulating movement of a rheumatic swan :— With one foot on thé step of the cab he glanced hastily over his shoulder to make sure he was not) observed and then turned to get in. The advertisement of the W. A. BULLETIN fastened ON£Î back of the inside of the cab stared him in* face and I fancied I saw a scowl pas|^oefer nil features, but just then the asthmatical cock r . chimed in with a remark and I lost consciousness for a moment in the shudder which passed through me. •j " Where to sir ?" I enquired. " The Working Men's Club," was the answer in a tliick emotional voice indicative of extreme agitation. Something is up I thought so I quietly fastened to my ear the mouth of the little private hearing i tube which leads' down through the b^ck of t; cab and listening intently, drove off a sl<M pace. It was an awful night. Suddenly I heard the occupant of the cab giv< a demoniac ha! ha!! I was right there was mischief in the man, accordingly I reduced the pace. "We'll do them yet," came ^he voice. " Never shall they have Horgan in."- This was a y THIS IS THE NIGHT AND THE ASTH-" MATICAL COCK. ÏHIS IS THE MYSTERIOUS STR ANGER. staggerer so I continued to listen. Again the voice came-:—" Burt must and shall go in, it is our last chance to save ourselves from the mob and keepithe six interests together. Yes, they do not thirik 1 will go to the Working Men's Club and talk to them, many of them are frightened to go against us now. I will cajole them whilst >^'immy abuses them,—Ha! Ha! ! We will work u them properly, we'll show them whether they are to have independent opinions of their own." My mouth was fairly extended with astonishment as II heard the last words. But steady the voice continued :—" I have seen the Governor, aiMjl we both see that it is the only thing to do. ïf Sfejjbdees not get in we are lost, our cousins and our^isters and our aunts will be thrown out of employment and their billets will go to others. We shall lose all our influence and if Horgan goes in.-? But we hold another card we have kept 'back since December—Ha ! Ha ! !" f This was a double-barrelled chuckle of suppressed villiany. " Yes, we will bring forward the Anti-Responïible Government Petition, and damn the Colony —Ha!! Ha!! Anything for revenge, and to keep the Colony in our own hands. But here is the placè^^Now to work the little trick and frighten ' the xwfmXe into doing our bidding." * I fe3± perfectly paralized at what I heard. It was evident that this was some great man. As I ^ pulled up, the wind whistled and howled round the corner capsizing me off the box, but I did not mind, I felt so anxious to see the face of the arcliplotter that I was determined to manage it. My breath came in short gasps, the perspiration trickled down my face and I could hear the loud ^ thump of my heart as the mysterious one got out of the cab. With a quick movement he passed me a 21- piece, then with waiting a second I extended my arm to tilt his hat up and saw— To be continued when Signor Nick-all is better. ' THIS IS WHAT HE SAW. 