OUR LADIES' MELBOURNE LETTER. -? It has been frequently predicted by those who plan and work for the advancement of the race, that further enlightenment by education of the masses would ultimately bring about the abolition of all abuses-all practices which are calculated to offend pure and refined minds ; but if we look around us in this highly civilised city at the present time we see very much which is not only objectionable, but really offensive to persons of good taste. The most disgusting form of nuisance permitted by the authorities in caused by men smoking in the streets and spitting all over the footpaths. Imagine a woman of cleanly habits, not to say refined feelings, picking her way over such unsightly places, and think of neatly dressed children slipping about in the horrid filth. Carriage people can, of course, almost altogether escape the nuisance, and the lowest classes may not very much care about it but the great bulk of the people, the well-dressed business men and women, and the educated working classes have, to put up with it. I would not go so far as those total abstinence people, who, in addition to preaching against the use of intoxicants, would also form societies for the abolition of tobacco smoking, but I would certainly advocate the prohibition of smok- ing in the streets. If anyone wishes to enjoy a pipe let him do so in his own house or office, or at his club or hotel. If street smoking were done away with it would bring another advantage, namely, a decided diminution of street-swearing. ' How very often one's ears . are pained - when tasting a group of smokers by. hearing the most objectionable language. It is to be hoped that in Melbourne at least the authorities will soon see it to be their duty to prohibit the nuisance just mentioned, and which would disgrace any city not making the slightest pretension to refine- ment or culture. The agitation for the teaching of religion in State schools still goes on. It may be ventilated more openly at times, and at others more quietly, but it never ceases. Mr. Harper, M.L.A., has again brought up the question at a meeting of the Board of Advice Union, at the same time disclaiming to beingadenominationalist. But we all know that only strong denomina tionalists are dissatisfied with the present system. The strongest opposing sect are the Roman Catholics next come the Presbyterians, and after them the Church of Bog-, land AnumberofWeeleyansareateoinfavour. of religious instruction in the public schools, but the great body of Methodists and others desire to keep the Act as It is; with" the' exceptionally they Wish; detailed instructions in history, and more particularly the history of the British Empire', which every British-born subject ought to be familiar with, notwithstanding the opposition of any religious sect. _--'<.-., The Working Men's College is even more successful as an. educational. establish- ment than was at first expected. "The rules, charges, subjects, and teachers are such that any young person of limited means may obtain a first class education. It is pleasing to find that the superior middle classes do' not,' object to attend,- because others who move in lower'social'plane, also enjoy the benefits of the college.: They have the good sense to understand that only the well-meaning and' right-minded have a desire to raise themselves intellectually, and so on the plane of learning and intellectual attainments, all may strive as equals, i l ?'..-. For some time I have been trying to come to a decision about the knitting machine, as to its utility and general advantage, to the household. The knitter has not obtained the same footing with us in our homes that the sewing machine has achieved, and this I find is in a great measure attributable to the imperfections, of the work. "-The. needles split the worsted every now and then, and every one knows that? where there is a split stitch there will soon be a hole. Ladies who are in the habit of purchasing been manufactured by the knitting machine ought to, examine, them, thoroughly before buying, or when bought take care to darn'.,the;.imperfect stitches stones. Perhaps; I:haye,happened to see only badly done work, for it is a fact that, numbers of families in the order. to entries, find the knitting machine very useful. !' near.:, ' Writing about the' knitter reminds me of an evil to which my attention' was drawn some time ; ago,'"' namely, the prices paid to the inmates of the peat and Dumb Asylum the Blind Asylnm,,'thsB'j«evöl*at Asylum, and other institutions., I was shown lovely, knitted, shawl, beautifully. fine. a iii white wool, which had been knitted to a rather difficult' pattern by an old woman in the Blind Asylum, Considering the case of the worker it was a wonderful piece of Work, end for this she received only a few.ehiilingsi and do not hesitate to, any that 'the person . who purchased stand wM («'adéileria such things would get at least 20s. for It. It was very even more than that. We intend sifting : cut some of, these things shortly. '.-ü'i.'uí..:; ....;. u . A collection of pictures, the work of the late M. Buvelot, are being exhibited at the Public Library. ;. His Excellency the Go- vernor and, Lady Loch, and;a.Urge party from Government House, visited the gallery and were conducted round the room, By Mr, Folingsby. The: proceeds of the exhibition will be employed in erecting a memorial, to the deceased and highly appreciated artist. The Ballarat Roman Catholics adelaide- fatigable in their efforts to push the interests of their church in: that district; . Dr. Moore j is about to establish a Roman Catholic College there, and Mrs. "clergymen'sf the order of the Holy ' Ghost ' are expected to I arrive in October, and will act as professors at the college. A number, of arms of the Little Sisters of Nazareth, and, six . secular j priests, are also engaged for the same day-! trios. . Stalin:-...;; ! Yesterday was a high day at St; Patrick's Cathedral, the occasion being the anniversary of the death of the late Dr. 'Goold, j A solemn RequeiraMäss and on W for the, repose of the soul of the dead was celebrated i at 10 o'clock. A.; large number of priests were present, and.. took part in the singing. Dreary presided in the sanctuary during the service. : . Mr. Daly, solicitor, Melbourne, who has been; in the bands of the law for some time on a charge or charges of forging and uttering documents referring to land was acquitted, yesterday in one case, and admitted to bail on another charge of a similar nature. A good deal of sympathy has been excited in Ballarat (or a Miss Penn, who was in a shaft 30ft. deep for two days, and at length extricated herself from :h('r:terrible; position by scratching steps, or rather: meet foot- holds, in the side of the shaft. Her family, and a number of persons who had made unsuccessful search during the two days, were most glad to receive her safe; and sound,, excepting for the weakness caused by her imprisonment in the shaft, and her exert tions to escape..;... -' near the:..-..' -i .-.¡'-.i:i At the theatres- Uncle ~T«*a?«' Oossa at the Theatre Royal is the attraction. Miss Carrie Swain is a perfect Topsy;:' J She per- forms the character better than any one who has ever been here. '-The piece is splendidly mounted. The introduction of a real river, with crackling crashing ice, is, a feature of the performance.. Crowded' houses go away delighted every night. Batchelors at the Bijou Theatre draws large audiences. The favourites at the Opera House are: Miss Amy Sherwin and Mr. Armes Beaumont. They were both in excellent voice ' fa: Maritana, on Tuesday and Wednesday : nights. Maritana will be repeated again this evening. " '..;.? ..,<"' . Mr. F. Cowen, is at present the idol of musical circles. He speaks highly of Madame Melba (Mrs. Armstrong), who made her debut at Covent Garden before a critical audience on May 24. Her representation of the bride of Lammermoor captivated the audience. We are of course pleased to hear that an Australian lady has achieved so great a success. A number of the members of our musical world here are busy with a dispute which has arisen between Mr. Plumpton and Signor Hazon over the Satur concerts in the Town Hall. The marriage of Mr. Septimus Miller, son of the late Mr Henry Miller, with Miss Clara J. Bell, daughter of Mr. James Bell, of Moronga, Geelong, was a very fashionable event. Two hundred guests went from Melbourne by special train, and were met at the Geelong railway station by 30 carriages. The decorations of the church which was crowded - were very effective, and unusually profuse. Clarke's processional march was played as the bride entered the church. The bridal dress was of white moire silk, made with a train, trimmed with a ruche of Sicilian silk and revers of Duchesse satin. The petticoat of Duchesse satin was draped with antique point de gauze ; bodice of moire, cut V shape and trimmed to match the under skirt, vesting of tulle and spray of heather on the left shoulder, the veil was of tulle, and the wreath of jessamine fastened by a diamond star, completed a charming toilette. The four bridesmaids were dressed alike in cream cloth directoire coats, over skirts and vests of moire. They carried cream muffs ornamented with bows of moire ribbon and daffodils. Two pages, Master E. Miller and Master Melbourne Wrixon, were attired in Charles II. costumes, coats and breeches of crimson plush, waistcoats of white brocade and three-cornered hats, red-headed shoes and staffs with knots of the same colour. A Maori Woman and Child Burned. On the 26th ult. a Maori woman named Hikorangi, aged 60 years, and her boy Kahuta, were burned to death at Ohaeawai, Bay of Islands, the place where in which they were residing catching fire.' It is supposed they were sleeping when the fire broke out. Anti-Chinese Legislation in Hawaii. An Act has lately been put Red by the Hawaiian Legislature restricting the return of Chinese to the islands who have once left them. It provides that, in order to obtain a permit to return, a Chinese must present his receipt for taxes, passenger ticket, passports, and duplicate copies of his face and profile photographs, besides paying a fee of five dollars. He must also prove satisfactorily that he is not a vagrant, criminal, professional beggar, user of opium, or a person likely to become a charge upon the country," The permit is not transferable, the punishment for transfer being forfeiture, a fine of 200 dol., or imprisonment with hard labour for six months. Every person concerned in the transfer is liable to these pains and penalties. The Hawaiian Press refers to the measure as a " check upon Chinese ascendancy and a beginning of the more radical policy of exclusion of Mongolians to which the nation must in self-preservation eventually some." .Sr«o»i atrsniAuAN Asama Coax fa now universally known throughout the Australian Colonies to be an infallible remedy in the most chronic cates of Asthma or Bronchitis. By he was no one need suffer or lose a night's rest Sold by all Chemists. Hatton v Laura, bom Agents for Taasuata. CouBvumos, Wasting Diseases and Gxnxkai. Debility Doctors disagree as to the relative value of Cod Liver Oil and Hypbopoiphtte*-the one supplying strength and flesh, the other giving nerve power and acting as a tonic to the digesters and entire system, but In " Scott's Emulsion of Pure Cod Liver Oil with Hypo?H09Pbite& " the two are combined, and the effect is wonderful Thousands who have derived no paMfenent benefit from other preparations have been cured by this " Scott's Emulsion " is perfectly palatable, and is easily digested even by those who cannot tolerate plain Cod Liver Oil Sold by all Chemists, two sites, large and small. Price 5s and 2s. 8d. wholesale at L. Fairthorne A Son. Launceston SoMs For LE will take Gilwell If Cod Liver Oil can be taken and digested, everybody knows its nutritious properties are very rich, but how many people really get the value from the oil? We. say very few, for it requires most powerful digestive organs to split up the face The best way is to take' Cod Liver Oil in a form wherein the oil globules are all subdivided and ready for absorption. Thltler found even under the microscope. in the, " Keep a Cod LI per Oil" Solution with Half. Nearly every medical man knows Uria preparation thoroughly, for mtQT man It has been extensively prescribed. .'.Btivanttit Vhtxxrk" comets offensive odours at odour.' CompuKe cure of worst > chronic cases; also intimated as (rates for diphtheria, sore throat 1 