®lte TOmiM , 'TafcsbA.fr! JANITART lb. )lB88. WARWICK POUCE CODBT.-There was no business at the Police Court yesterday. WARWICK HOSPITAL. - The usuil fort nightly meeting of the Committee of this in stitution will bp hdld tfi^lfy^iji the .board-r room. Crotdon ELECTORATE. - Tho candidates already anuounefed for Croydon are Mr. Ernest Habter (Liberal), 3Ir. M. F. Morgan (il'llwraithi&o;), and Mr. C. F. Gardiner. FAHUAUENT.-By a Government Gaulle Ex traordinary, issued on Friday, Parliament is farther formally prorogued until Tuesday, the 21st February. HOSPITAL SUNDAY.-Special epilations were made at the Wesleyan Church -on Sapday on behalf of the funds of the Warwick Hospital The Bev. W. Wall preached both Wonting an4 evening,. We understand the pollections amounted'to about £10. LETBUBN BEVISIok COBBT.-The Police Magiitrate attended attbs'Leybum Police Court yesterday! for the purpose of rtviaibg the electoral roll for that portion of the elec torate of Cambooya within the police district of Iieybnrn. Gociftt. W«ss.-The Hon. R Jwdan, the Mt?F. Ktut^ M.I.A., contemplate visiting Boma before tbe'end -of tfciaSraMtklojr theipurpoasjftf waWifc H*® aelres acquainted with the agricultural oapa* bilities of tbe Maranoa district. . .. Lnn or ABSEWCE.-Mr. 3. G. Anderson, Under Secretary for Public Instruction, has been gnwted twelve minthi' leave of absenoe on half pay. oommenoing on 1st March. Twelve months' leave on halt .pMfj jhM-p|«o bean granted to Mr. J. H. Trimble,' landing wait«r$»)$f#W#0«M piapartii^* ( The Oy)iBU^ JfiopTfc^yty OpvermnenU & Qaeoi'slini ind tt^-Sdi&Vales; are tit the present time engaged in arranging a table of (area for paasengers to and from Brisbane and Sydney. It may be hoped that a considerable/'redustlojl will i be made f{om the jsreyeip *lotq^ ^roWbftivt rate*. A through railway time-table between Biabane and Sydney has been . . FOOTRACE.-J. M. Tales, of Warwick, and A. Conningbam, of, Brisbane, have been matched to ran MO yards lor £60 aside. The race will be run on thp Union Sports Ground, Toowong/oti Baftftiay,' iSth February: ALBEBT ELECTORATE.-Mr. J. G. Appell like Ibe Hon. P. Perkins, baa re'.ired from tbe contest for this electorate. Mr. P. J. McN a mara, of the Soutbport Bullttin, and Mr. Fred. Rawlins, ex-Police Magistrate of Brisbane, hkvo publioly announced their intention of going to tbe poll. "Th» PRIVATE 8*oretaey^h--"Mr.' Frank' Gerald'a. dramatio company brought their muA tokcldse pn Saturday ewttug, when lfjii pfesfenwa tbe "popblar fareial' cflmBdy entitled "The Private Secretaty." The at. tendance waa again small, And the comedy waa but (mpeffectljr produced. Mr. Frank Gerald, as tbe Bev. Robert BpaldiDg, managed to excite the risible faculties of tho audicnce, bat tbe other characters were, with one or two exceptions, anything but perfect, insuffi cient peheataali doUbtlars being tbe cause. Mb."MICHAEL PrtiiiH. -'We'1 rejfret haviogto nioord the deatb&f; 'MW Miobafll Pepder, wkodied suddenly at bis re jsldence^Buaeulbalroad, on Sunday morning. ;Mr.P«f6d6rwatf a very oldnaident of the dis i triot-in faot, he was one of the " old babds," hav^gitovn.ofli JtQ t^ Poinu and *ettl«d in : Waririokjnwie tban aiquaeter of a-oentury ago. Up'fe ItTeif J&ars; ajfo he Wi"' well 'known throughout the district, but latterly feeble ness resulting from advancing yeara compelled him to restrict tbe circle of hi* acquaintance. He had been ailing for some time, but tho and .dennesa of his deatl^rpsiiltiDg vfa>m.pn af fection of the heart-oame as a shock to his [family. He leaves a widow and several cbil jdjfejv gwiWer (gri»n up; and ;the majority settled in life. i THE OVCBLAHD ROOT*.-A special train passed through Warwick shortly before 7 :o'clook on Saturday evening, .conveying a Jnumber^&raeCQulenslaild;)Ra!liay-dicuilB to jWallangarra, where they were to meet tbe . joflMifch of the New South Wales Biilway De partment and oonfer as to the time table for Itbe overland route between Brisbane and Sydney. Tbe party^ions1|ted St? Messrs. F. 'Curnow (CommissioheO, J. F. Thallon (Traffic Manigsr), W. A. Cross (Engineer for Existing Lines), H. I. Darkef (Locomotive Superinten dent)! Tnfflc Auditor BattsrsbiU, analnspea tor Klune. Tbe patty returned on Sunday, arriving at ®asf ' Warwick about 5, o'clock, where dinner'wAs provided by Mr. J. Adman, after partakingof which tbe train again pro ceeded on ita way to Brisbane. SACKED aeo Olussicai. OOKOERT.-It was announced in Saturday's pipers that the Sil ver King Company would give a aocred and classical concert in the Town Hall .on Sunday evening. . The chanpi for admission were made very reasonable, while, in order that tho atten dance at tbe various churches and chapels might not be slfeoted. the hour of commence ment was fixed at 8.TJ9. The' announcement, however, cauBed considerable consternation amongst a number of citizcns, wbo inter' viewed tbe Mayor on tbe subject on Saturday, with the result that theconcert was prohibited. This fast, however, was not generally known, and many found their way to tbe Town Hall on Sunday evening, with tbe intention of at tending the oonoert, only to Sod a notice pas ted upon the door to tbe following effect: " Mr. Frank Gerald regrets that ihe saored and classical concert advertised t>n be iiivon this evening cannot take place, owing to tbe Intervention of certain residents of tbie city, who have no noul for musio themselves, and who are no narrow-minded in their ideas tbat tbey believe the playing and singing of good musio would have a tendency to lower the morals of tbe residents of the parish." I ,T Wirwick Snow.-The 18S8 exbibitloa of tbe Eastern Dawns Horticultural and Agri cultural Association has been fixed (or Wed. nesday, 8th February proximo. Tbe price schedule appears in our bueineu colli tains to-day, it is one of the best that bos been is sued for years, and should bring together an attractive collection of exhibits. We com mend it to tbe particular attention of wheat growers. r MR. FrnwEBALD's BIB*.- A rumour having gained currency in town, and also in Toowoomba end elsewhere, that The Elbe had died, Mr. Fitzgerald requests ua to contradict it. The horse it appears r«n at n recent meeting nt Leybura in a sqsWng ?tain,' and in consequence sustained a terere cold, which ultimately resolved into a fever. For some few days be was in a dangerous condition, but is now on the hiKh road to recovery, tbe only symptom remaining being a slight lameness. A Dahobboub CnffTOKin -The Boomerang is responsible for tbo following .*-J. M. Yates, the Warwick runner, has a revolver with which he gets himself started when training, and the other day when buying some orsngea in a little Toowong fruit shop be laid his re ! volver down on the counter while be got something out of hie pooket. The good lady of the shop imagined herself " stuck up" by a wild bushranger, and, almost going into hysterics, Implored him to take what hs wan ted and dear. SEBIOOTS Guw Aootoint.-A serious acci dent happened on Sunday morning last to a young man named Bowles. From informa tion we have been enabled to gather we learn that BOWIm, with several companions, mi out ghosting on tome scrub land at Farm Creek, and while in tbe not of climbing over a feanfc his RUB MrM*by some means discharged ; the tips of three fingers of one of his bands were blown off, tbe muscle of the thumb was cutout, and the charge finally entered the man's chest. His companions promptly.came to hi* rtsistsncs, and conveyed him intb town -in aspriag cart to the residence of Dr. Tilley. Thein juries were at onoeattendefl'ito by the doctor, who found it necessary to amputate the topi of the three fingera, and Bowles was then removed to the hospital, where be now lies. On enquiry yesterday evening, opr. f» preientative was informed by Dr. Tiltty tlSit tbe patient was doing fckaee^ingjywell. The injuries to the chest are very severe, the doc tor says, ud it is-'Tety probable tbe thumb v^illjbave to t>e amputated. At anyrate, the thumb ia'practicaliy destroyed. Tbe doctor is of opinion that with «sro tbe man will recover. Bowles is a young man of about 20 yean f f age. Wabwigk Gck CLUB.-A narnber of pi&eon; matches jren (hot off ip the (Juaen's p«rk on GVmGlubr A very gorcl'SiyV sport was pro vided,.no less, than eigbt matches, in whiob aboutia^GMQ'fa&.CDmpFted, being decided. In the finrt match, a handicap sweepstakes of fl'eacb-BO, 30, *pd SO per tent, prltee-5 birds, Messrs. T. Mogridge, (28), J. Burgoss (3(j), L. Evans (89), aud H. Evanp (SO) each killed fonr birds and divided the money. Tbe second match, a handicap, 10s sweep, 3 birds, point shooting, was won by Mr. J. R. Oaroow (£7), who killed esch of his birds with the first barrel; Mr. L. Evans (30) seoond, and Mr. C. H. Bansome (28) third. In the third matoh same conditions, Messrs. Mogridge (80), H. EvansJ30), and C. E. Hayes (28), esch made fonr points and divided tbe money. Tbe fourth matoh, 3 birds, 28 yard's rise, was wnnby Mr. Hayes, who killed eaoh bird with tlje fijBt barrel jJMr. O. H. Raaeeme end Mr, dividing sccond and third money. In the fifth match, earns conditions, Mr. J. Burgeu killed each bird with tbe first barrel and took firat prise ; Messrs. Mogridge, F. Barton, and Hayes tied and divided seoond and third money. Mr. H. Evans won tbe sixth matoh, killing all bis birds at the first attempt; Mr. J. Bargees and Mr. Carnow dividing second and third. Messrs. H. Evans, Hayes, '.Mid MogriBge killed all their birds iu tbe UVi&tb; matoh, and divided; and tfas last match was won by Mr. J. Bulges*, Messrs flsyes and H. Evans dividing second Bad, third money. Thb CIVIL SBBVICE COMMISSION.-The OeuHsj- aays't-A preliminary meeting of the members of the Boyal Cmmiraion appointed to inquire into the working at the various departments of the Uivii Service-was held- on Wednesday in one of the Legislative Assembly committee- rooms. There were present the Hon. E. B. Forrest, Mr. T. Qnmsck, Mr. F. 'Kates; M.L.A, Mr. ' B. J. Gray (Under Colonial Secretary), Mr. Wm. Williams, and Mr J. Gilligan (secretary). The secretary rial theBoyil Comrttssloii ajppointihg ths> irariotis members to inqnire into and report to the -Governor " upon the general working of the several departments and branches of tbe Civil Berries and upon the best means to beodopted for Increasing thfiefficiencythereof, afcd into the mode of keeping the public ocoounts of the oolony, and npon any improvements that may be node therein;" and conferring upon them the powers neoessary to carry out the objects for wbioh they were appointed. Mr. T. Unmack; was ^elected. chairman, and after disuBssion it was agreed to meet upon Tuesdays -and Thursdays, unless otherwise arranged, from 10 a.m. nntil noon. The secretary reporW liavipg made all preliminary arrange ment^ ok to a meeting-room, staling that he had necnred No. 1 cimmit tee-room. Parliament House. A discussion then took place amongst the members as to whether the Press should be exeluded or not, and it was finally agreed that, from tbe nature of the inquiry, it would be undesirable to have full publicity given to all that took place. It was decided, therefore, »ot to sdiuit reporters to the sittings of tho commission. A discussion afterwards took place as to tho future mode of procedure, and the meeting was then adjourned till 10 a.m. on Tuesday next. 