" Princess Midas." INTERVIEW WITH MISS CORNWELL. Miss Cornwell, a lady whose remarkable success in the development of the mining industry in various parts of Australia has won for her the sobriquet of the "Princess Midas" arrived in Brisbane on Thuruday week, and next morning a reporter from this office was granted the favour of an interview with her. In reply to his interrogations, Miss Cornwell said that the object of her visit to Queensland was tho inspec tion of those mines that have been floated on the London market, and for this purpose sho proposed to visit the Gympie, Mount Morgan, and Charters Towers mines. "You know,".said Miss Cornwell, "I have only just returned to the colonies from London, and I desire to make myself ao attainted with the character and prospects of lese mines as far as I can determine them. I have some acquaintance with the Now South Wales mines—with those at Tenterfield and Fairfleld, and I also know something of the Adelaide field*—the Teetulpa district; with the Victorian fields I am of course acquainted ; but I know nothing personally of the Queens land mines." "You are a native of Victoria, aro you not, Miss Cornwell?" "No; I am a nativo of England, bob you may almost call mo a Viotorian, for I was only a baby in arms when I was brought out to the colony. It is now about five years sinoo I began to take an active interest in raining matters—by that I mean the personal inspec tion and examination of underground workings, and that sort of thing, which I now always undertake myself." " Bat in what manner did you obtain tho experience necessary to make suoh inspections of any valuo to you in your subsequent opera tions ? Few men, let alone women, can obtain any really practical information from the examination of underground workings." "Simply through my natural love of tho thing. I have listened tot c views of the best theoretical men, and I have got practical mon to show mo over tho mines and explain evory thing to mo, and by putting together the ideas of both the theoretical and the practical men I have beon able to form my own opinions; and I basomy subsequent judgments upon the views I have arrived at in this way." " And have all your mines turned out well ?" " Fairly so; I nave only one failure, bo far; and that I don't call a failure yet because you can't consider a mine a failure when you aro not working it. All the other minos I havo are considered very good, and they aro certainly turning out very woll, and thoroforo v number of peoplo say I am gifted with second Might. The mine I referred to which is just now stationary, is that at Fairfiold; but I buliovo they will yet develop a lode them. Thoy havo sunk a shaft 100 ft. deep without find ing anything, but it w most peculiar country round thoro. The mine wus reully floated on the strength uf the Ade line Company. Whon I firat saw tho district I saw the Adeline turning out extraordinary crushing material, and felt Kuro they would have something good, but through bad management it collapsed, and that caused the works at Fairfield to atop. But that is the only one of my mines which has had this fate. All the other important mines have quadrupled their value since I took them up." " Is it your custom to go into mines when they are in a poor way, and upon tho point uf being abandoned ? or do you look rouud for claims that aro doing fairly well, and then by the expenditure of capital develop them?" " I take them up as a rulo when they are at their lowest ebb. You know I often got letters from peoplo raying that they havo no funds to go on, and offering to disposo of their mines. I visit their places and carefully examine thorn, and if I fiud thorn good enough for investraout by myself and friends, I go into thorn. But iv many instances I get con siderable* propcrtioß offered to mo which I will not touch at all. People call mo n ' specu lator,' but lam not in the least bit; unless there in v reasonable show of return I never go into there things, and I go into them merely to get the gold out of the ground and not for market purposes. lam always a large shareholder in tho mines with which I have anything to do, and I never go into one unless I can with some degree of ouniideuce auk my friends to take us largo an interest in it is I havo myself, and I think this id one reason for my strength; lor people know that I always go into the mines as a shareholder after I have carefully inspected them : and, beside*, I think ono cannot apeak with confidence to men in regard to a mine unless one has really faith in the thing, and then if you do happen to make a mistake it is forgiven. I got very much inte rested in my work, indeel. 1 like minim; itfelf, and think it a most onjoyablo thing oven to go through a mine ; and, becides, there is tho good that may be done. In some instances I have started mines with only throe men, and now there are upwards of fitty employed thero; and it is really a grand tiling to feel that you are finding work for men in that way. Now that I have got to Queensland I purpose going to Gympie and then to Mount Morgan, which I have a great curiosity to see. I havo not seen any mine of the same oharacter as Mount Morgan except the Red Bock, which they say is similar, and very naturally I want to see the Rockhampton mine and compare notes. That's a very extraordinary discovery at tho Red Rock." " You think a groat deal of it then?" " I think it one of those extraordinary things which one cannot estimate at all. I have never soon anything like it, and should be sorry to make any assertion about it; but wherever you try for gold you get it, and there is a tremen dous area of matrix there that will take yearn to work out. Whether it all contains gold or not IB one of those things you don't care to say; but it is a most tremendous and alluring show. With regard to a country like that, where these is no donned lode or vein, it is rather difficult to pin your faith to anything. How over, when I havo seen Mount Morgan I may be able to Kottln my mind on tho subject. From Mount Morgan 1 think of going to Charters Towers, as I want to see, an fur as I can, most of tho mines that have boon floated in the home market. Besides, you know I havo purchased the Sunday Times in London, and I want tho best information on theso Hubjeots. It is the commercial and mining columns of that paper that I am making a f eaturoof, and I thesof orodeftire tho most reliable and thorough information that I can get. I havo already very strong favourable convictions about Queensland miues. When I was in London so many people camo to my office and asked me about Queensland that I felt quite sorry that I had not been hare, and knew so little about the plaoe. I think Sir Thomas M'llwraithought tohavea monument ereotod for him here for what he has done for Queensland. It is the best advertised colony of the group, and better known than either Victoria or New South Wales, and that is simply owing to Sir Thomas M'llwraith's exertions. I had very numerous inquiries about this colony, and, when I was floating Victorian mines and said they wcro such good claims, people said, 'Of course it's a Queensland mine 'f' and I had to explain to them that this colony had not the only good gold-produoing fields in Australia. But it is firmly established in tho minds of the people at homo that Queensland is a great gold-producing colony, and baa yot to bo worked out. Anything in the way of mines that has tho ghost of a show in Queensland will bo taken up in London." " Were you at homo whon Sir S. W. Griffith cautioned English investors against the ' wild oat' minoa ?'' " No, I was not; but that did much harm. It did more harm than good, thero is no doubt; for it stopped tho wave of feeling that was netting towards the colony that would have brought a lot of mono}' into the country. I thiiik it was a very dangerous thing, in a colony like this, to say that any piece of laud will not produce gold; it is far better to keep silent on the subject. There have been many notablo instances in Victoria, where everyone has eaid that thoro would not be an ounce of gold found, but whore afterwards large returns have been obtained. I know of ono which produced fully £50,000. So it ia impossible to »ay thero is no gold in any laud in a mineral country liko this, whero tho unexpected always happens. I dun't think, therefore, that Sir Samuel Griffith did rightly or wisely. It may have beon very honourable —no doubt it was—but it was a dangerous thing to do on the ground of public policy, as it prevented tho influx of capital. I don't say it has permanently atfectod the oolony ; but it has raised a doubt iv the minds of people, nud you will require somo good returns from tho mines now to restore their confidence. But you can comfort your<solves with this, that you havo, I bclievo, tho confidence of tho Euglinh public to a creator extent than iiny other colony, iior you must remember that that eautiou did not affoct tho Qitoenslaud mines solely, but aUo those- of other colonies. When 1 am at Charters Towers 1 shall visit liavons wood if 1 can do so conveniently, but 1 have to bo bank in Melbourno in about live w>.'ekt>' tituo to attend to tho installation tlicro of tho Sohanschitfe electric light, as when 1 wiih ufc homo I purchased for £-10,000 tho colonial rights of that invention, and my eleotricinu will arrive about that time. Tho great feature of this light is its suitability for miners' pur poses, oveu apart from its usefulness for dwelling-houses, &c.; This is ono of tho biggest things I huve over gone into, and I think £40,000 was an extremely low price for it. I intend to float a syndicate in Mel bourne to work it through the colonies nnd in deed they wanted to arrango it as soon as I came out; but I would not do anything uutil tho people have seen it for themsolvos. I shall mnko mi installation at the Exhibition and I am quito suro everyone will b" natihiicrl with it; for tho installation I saw in London wan tho most fascinating thing 1 over caw. Iv mining it will bo simply invaluable, for it is absolutely securo from all possi bility of causiug explosions, and for domestic purposos it will, I feel positivo, do away with ull other inuatiH of procuring artificial light." Durinpr further conversation Mida Cum well remarked that she whs not in Melbourne whim the "nilver boom" was on, and wiw not bum that bhe would havo taken much interest in it, as that was not in her way of busi ness, though in all probabilitj ahe would have been drawn into it. Although Miss Corn well has fur ho long managed success fully so maoy large business vent urea, she would not striko one as being a business woman. Thero is nothing of that shrewd, keen, calculating manner about hor which might bo expected from such a lady. Sho is & good conversationalist, who Beems more de sirous of Hpeakiug of other atfairs than tho.so with which she is connected, but who, when asked about them, »poaks frankly and modently as if sho thought any other woman could, by trying, have accomplished all or moro than she has done. 