THE YOUNGEST GREEN. MISS Br F. W. ROBXNSOIC. Author ol "Grandmother's Money," "Lasaras In London," "Courting of Mary Smith," "Nlnstj •in* Paik-street," "Wo Church," *c.. Ac. CHAPTER xx. moHT. Mrs. Tyion, left alone with Vanda Sherwood, «H far from admiring the position. Although her feelings had been aroused and her heart tonehed by Van da's trouble! she wis in her own particular way a nervous being, and easily dismayed. There was always herself to be especially considered, and that consideration came In pretty frequently, as Un. Waggett and Mrs. Wassett knew to their oost. And hen she was alone with a young woman who, to all intents and purposes, had gone clean ont of her mind, who might do something extraordinary, or even dangerous, in another minute or two, and who, Miss Boatable had said, was the murfi«resa of Sir Alan Linfold's first wife. Sbe kept her hand very olose to the bellpush, and her keen eyes were fixed upon Vaoda, and took atook of every movement from under her penthouse brows. Alan Unfold would not be long, she thought—she would not summon any one unless it wasabsolutely neoeasaiy; sbe did not know what Vanda might say next,- what truth might rise tathe surface to dismay her listeners; and Mrs. Waggett and Mrs. Wassett—and everybody appertaining to the establishment, in fast—were better kept in the background, if tl^fdre possible and safe. Kn. Tyson eonsidered it would be better alao ' tb feave-Vanda to her own twin of tiwtfthti whatever that might be, rather than t6 4Mttrb feerniind afrtsh by any hasty nokkoj hsC'Own. And Vaoda'sthoughts srWtwy deepaad »heort><na,it was evident ShlSrtkga llkeJoM dtafcranRht, heaven knew, thoMft Mrs. Tyson—like one endeavouring vaiMytO recollect, and falling to bring back to-void ft aomething from the past that shwsMeaswe bar of theirnth or falsity op- It be vosalble, tiumgkkMii. Tyson, that here was4ae solution to the mystery of Crude Linfold's murder! That, in a fit of . or.aosBgspign of moral pQe-lookliig creature had ittingly taken a fellowiV. It was almost impossible, .^Tjatm. Thetpr .was only the T0gainakVftb9w fAir fame niterednfttoy falsehoods owned at last Jo their •r®ben , . ,*PD woi „.«ie aSEMpent IU no dmiaTof^^awmsat^^w^coitemen^ finally her apat))£> which septa ed very don "e face just ?.toorry that remarked ahda's eooenn Vaoda had ought caused [oh had been Sir Alan bad closed the bad bettet be sent for.' ar me. TjuaKT' Un. Tyson [aay Miss Greeh had better be Will know What to do. She She is fond of you, and j inhume npfr,".came the slow dear ^hlld,.what nonsense!" atpbfc^dronnd at Mrt. Tyson with an MI that tonrdled every drop of blood r'a body. *s she afterwards W sister," whispered Vanda, of the woman who was pushed . ^ivpr. Dont xousee how impossible Is /or, her to come to me 2" 'Bat, my poor ohild, yho is going to beHwealithat rhodom outage story, tramped apby A^qs Bus table to conceal her own delinquency—a base conooction—" ~'Hnsh, hn.h ] Please do not talk of this again or I fwall scream at you." "My date Vanda, I won't say another word,: said Mrs. Tyson with alacrity. "Gnat heaven 1 what a time that fool of a man ia oat ol tab zoom," she muttered to herself, "and I darn*t ring for anybody while •he goes on in this way, ."Dili .not,the doctor say I was to have sthe i doctor." mt shall I have la this place? r l TOt Ro hotaeT" she entreated. ' "BJtile'Gieta away bfaton I her Vltsi way off—for I _ 1 ssle wfthfcer now. Bhe would [her duty to avenge her sister's death, h I did not mean to kill her, Aunt I rally did not-^o help my God, I ^S^jS'^k-Tj, had no farther scruples In wid bell, for Vanda bad risen and ifttp and Sethi the drawing-room. >^ue yon dolngT Vanda asked aveTuhk for aonMt on'e to come to fetch T Bin?* shi isked tn« wandering tone a le'btls bbeta gtttreaome time." oM^'beeb ; 4i»y live minutes or -with the doctor;-'' .t ^as'silt a pretebfle—&rusB.; He r ihfe'tloltoe. HM**red Vaoda. Vanda, what dreadful nonsense y<ra are tanun$r," Md Mrs. Tyson; " do con- Stdet- how absurd it all is—and what people wilLsay-and " The door opened and the footman appeared.' • ' M A»k Mrs. Waggett to atop this——ao, don't ask her," cried the old lady;" go doirastairs and find Sir Alan, add ask him to come np. and atop the doctor from going away, and tnl Mm to come hack too, ana make haste, will yon, and don't stand staring there. And tell «——fci, joi stupid idot r—screamed Mrs. TyscR>, now thoroughly-aroused—" leave the door open. How aare you shut me in in that wnr. with-^with Great God! are there ghosts abroad to-night—is this man from the grare^wwhstT" •Itoisjaan" was George Tyson—the longlast nephew—the man out of the good graoes of his'aunt—who was now advancing into the roofn, tell6tted by Sir Alan. Mrs. Tyson, for the 'seoond time that night, forgot her infirmlOee, rose from her ohair, fairly ran t6#ardt tiie prodigal, and fell npon his neok aad wept, fike the old man fn the parable. km eo Klad—I akn so glad, George, you hate oome hotme to mtt," she oried, then she pulfltUr a^ms round him and laid ber bead upon hHbroad chest aodaobbed. •'TO^,' there, aunt, ton most not give wa». n; Ym who are aoatmbg and firm, you knOtr," Xjfebrge Tyson said, patting her baok enoo'uragibtl;, bat speaking with » very broisn voLse himself; " let me lead yoato mr cihslri old lady. I want to talk to Vabda—to shake hands with bar, whan you'll let me." " Yes, yes—poor Vanda 1" murmured Mrs. tGeorge was notable to nllnqnish his charge of Aunt Tysoa very speedily; the old lady had become a dead weight, and could not get back without muoh kelp to the chair from which she had sprang. Vanda mean whfle had gone aoross to Sir Alan, and said in an excited whisper— ^Oeorge Tyson! Did she say G«orge Tyson, « Yes, yes: it is he." "Itlsnothe! That is not George Tyson. No. no; there Is no deoeiving me in that." •'My dear Vanda, pray consider," exclaimed Sir Alan. "I am considering everything. Prepar- ^ Preparing," repeated Sir Alan—" why"— "Btii his question was never put. There was a atified cry from Mrs. Tyson, and the instant a(tm wards sije had fallen baok in the arms of J&'er nephew. Sir Alan van forwards to help to support her—a fear that ehe had died suddenly unnerving him—and Vanda stood regarding the group «rith DO expression of concern or alarm, or even interest upon that poor blank face of hers. . . . . The instant afterwards and sbe had stolen from the drawing-room and closed the door after her. Ihe key was on the outside, and she turned it noiselessly. Sbe run swiftly attain, and came down again with her hat and ehawl on, passine the dra ring-room, where the electric bell was ringing furiously— aha boold hear it as she went swiftly down the,grand staircase into the marble-paved h The hall-porter—looking a little surprised even for a Hall-porter—opened the door and ""Your carriage. Miss Sherwood, has not ""Pknow," Vanda said, in a calm, setf possessed manner that took him off his guard. '•I MO going to walk home. It is only across the road, after all. Goodnight. " Good night, madam. , . Vanda went out into the street, stopped, looked up at the stars, and then went on i at*in b the direction of Hyde Park. But as the door of Aunt Tyson's house closed, she toned at onoe and went s »if tly past it again, and on la the opposite direction towards \ ictoiia. The night enveloped her, and she was seen and heard of no more for mmy a long day. The girl who won't he won usually remains one. 