PRSB .RINGB a BU'ER. . . o-- , ..The me bo I of preserving bn ter by immersion in brine, for home consumptini ahd export, has.been in operation in some pars of America. and also in the neighhb r. in .nnlony of Victoria for Rome rears. Th, method is simply this-As Loon as the butter is ready f,.r the marker, be the ordinary methoi of cl'ansins and salt;ng. wheth r by keg or roll, it it divided into lib and 2lb pieces, accordinr to taste ant de-nrnd, and formed into ralls, and fine che-'p calico is w ,and rouni the rolls. The rolls are then nicely not on end, one on the top of tl eother, in a eask or barrel suitable to the c. nve',ieawe of to hutter.m iker. In Victoria lcwt. rasks or keg are used. and in California ,von 6) gal. barrels are used. When th' Farrel is fill a cloth is nicely spread over, and tucked down rond the roll; and whatever .oasc remains betr eer the butter and the head of the cask is filled with coarse salt, or an ord:narv dinner. plate is sonmetmees uaed. The biect of the salt on the top is to keep the buater ticht in its place, and to make e?:d the deficiency of any brine lost from leaka'e or evaporati ,m. The object ct the plate is to keen th, rollso bhuter tightly in their ilaces and thoroughly immersed in tha brine. The barrel is then headed no, turned bung op, and fi led q?;ite full of e'roeg brine. Of course only a small quantity of brine will ho necessar,. as it is only in the interstices between the rolls of bu'teor tfl it eon find room, a' the hotter having already been sufficiently silted in te ordiarye war, will absorb none of the brine depeids the success of the method. The butter in now ready for market, and will keen good for rears, and may be sent to any part of the. world with safety. A gentleman sent butter to England in this way; and it read y sold in the T.nndon market for 16d tie- lb, hbeing 4d per lb more than any colonial butter ever fetched in the same market. When .the keg, or barrel. containing the butter is opened by . the. reteiline hutterme-chain, the hntter is not removed from the brine : b-it the narcels are left in it until. all..d for by. toe con. urnmer, when it is lift-- fresh out o,f t ? brine, and handed to the customer. t, te butter will not hee me, noid in the h-"se as. in its clean wrap ,?s nc calico, it is ab oliuelye es nnre andt as fresh as on the day it left the dairy. In Clifornia one dairy firm has been puttine up its hu'ter in this fashion for the pat 20 years ; an the anneriority oF the method has enabled it to send itn butte with profit to the m- at fert:le ror:ions of Oregon and Washington territory, where such methols of preparation 'were unkt a "r, or not Ira,'ised. In a warm country like our, such amethod wool) anoser adrmirably. as the butter coild be handed 'to the. con inmer in a much nmo- pala'able condifian than at present. Butt r ',-o he wcnt away from the dairy in very good condition indeei. But if an iraoranit ?r?eor ets hold of it, be, in order to draw. attent'an to it, knocks the head out of the.ker, and sets it in his shop door, open to the full aition of the atmos. ohere, and.a trap for all.dust 'and dirt float. ing abott. He may ihel it "Fresh Keg" Butter," but the con-nmer will flni it more like a mixture of cart grPose and dirt than the pure wholesome, product of the dairy farm he paid for. Immeslnon i. br'ne in handy parcels would obviate thih dil!culty. Placing the keg in a cool cellar, and handing out the rolls-of butter as reanired for con sumption as fresh as it came frum the dairy, would soon create an increased desire for this very wh,lesome and nutrition, anI necessary article of food. "It is not asserted that putting up bhotter for market on this principle would make had butter good ; but it would make good butter good for a.longer period, and plaeo it int the hands of the con iuiaier inu'a better conditieon than by; the common keg method. A' atiy ate,' in vie.w of'thebgreat, success attained lsthea who, ºTe tried ,tz...asd rivpti iý:· the titeie "i attention,the method is worthy of~an??; por?"na''.- - TowPn asnd Cenntry ~ernt. " My I taks solid comfort in Bae I've used all the dishes ahd i'io~ t it my fate To eat when I'm home, on the back of a plate. I'm learning to cook, bat, alas, I, confess I choose to go hungry than swallow the mess. But, Baelor'» H 'vlwt. ilts itort " ad I numn ^ I? Igl . aet : No children live in ito weleole t.heir dad, No supper is waiting, no wife- , soglad. NoI Nothing but ghosts of the loved ones away Inhabit this tomb where alone I must stay, Compelled to break silence. by having a chat With. my woful companion, the strange acting cat. , gladly I'll yield my crown sceptreand all The Kingly delight of a Bachelor's Hall To the Queen of the Home wlief ashe comes with her train To wisely and loringly over me reign. 