THE TRIPLE GHOST. BY ALEXANDER MONTGOMERY. 'What d'ye think, though, of a triple ghost?' It was Jack Martin who put the question, as he leant over the fence of the home paddock at Karamilla station, one blazing Sunday forenoon in December. Jack--his local capacity of stockman to the contrary notwithstanding—was a gentleman ; there could be no doubt of that. Good education—good manners— good heart—but not that important some- thing which is so tersely yclept ' ballast,' and for lack of which—to carry the figure further—the argosy of Jack's existence had suffered greivous and repeated damage if not actual shipwreck. But, by a natural compensation, it is not seldom given to these flighty souls to take the world more easily than their fellows, and thus it was that Mr. John Martin, 'yarning' there, that morning, with an old blue shirt on his back and an archaic ' cabbage-tree ' over his good- natured countenance, was as cheerful as if he had not been the son of an aristocratic Lincolnshire rector, and brother to half-a- dozen high-bred young women in far- away England. If Jack was cheerful, however, his story was not, and the smile of incredulity upon the faces of his listeners soon gave way to that look of breathless fixity which tells of the power of the born raconteur. All this was Jack, and, as I was myself one of the listeners aforesaid, I can testify that the story made a deep impression on me at the time. It may not likewise affect you, but at any rate here it is. ' It was six years ago,' said Martin, and just after I'd had that cropper over the wire fence at Carmichael's on the Goul- burn. As I've told you before, I was pretty well smashed up on that occasion, and as soon as I could be moved I was sent down to the hospital in Sydney. Here I pulled round at a rate that as- tonished the doctors—who, between our- selves, don't know everything yet, and so in less than a month I was able to get about pretty well. Then I bethought me of a fellow who had come into a bit of money while he was working with me on Carmi- chael's station. Either a Swede or a Norwegian he was—with Halk Bjorren . for his name. A decidedly queer fish he was, too, but not a bad sort in the main, and so, as he and I had been pretty friend- ly, I thought I'd look him up and pay him a visit. I knew his place was on the coast, and I thought a spell in the sea-air would be just the thing for me. ' Well, to cut matters short, another week found me about a hundred miles up to the northward, at a place called—I think—Whandamo. That's something like it, anyhow; and it don't matter much for it was a miserable dog-hole enough stuck in the middle of a scrub-covered flat, bordered on one side by low sandhills. Beyond these sandhills was the sea, and, about a mile off along the coast, Mr. Halk Bjorren was domiciled in a hut that looked as if it had been built from the timbers of a wreck. As indeed, perhaps it had, for there had been a good few ships driven ashore thereabouts, from time to time, and the Whandamo people had some curious tales about the ghosts of the drowned, and so forth. At these, of course, I laughed—but not for long ! 'I'm not nervous, and I'm not supersti- tious, but before a week went over my head. I got the.biggest fright that ever befell me in my life. ' Well, I fossicked Bjorren out, and though he omitted the trifling formality of saying that I was welcome, he made me feel it, which was better. Indeed, he was a man who never said much at any time— a strange, tall, lanky, long-nosed, wide eyed creature, who always suggested to me a sort of Scandinavian version of Lytton's Riccabocca, and who was not without a fair share of Riccabocca's learning, either I know he was well read in the classics, for one thing. Indeed, if it had not been for his books, I don't know what he'd have done with himself. He didn't seem to employ himself in anything but moon- ing about the shore, and, as he didn't volunteer any information on the point, I didn't ask him any questions. ' A dreary shore it was ; nothing but sand and scrub as far as the eye could reach. Put me a good deal in mind of old Lincolnshire ; but, as you may guess, I didn't like it any the worse for that, and so for a couple of days I wandered about, thinking of old times, and trying to fancy that if I topped the sandhills I should see the spire of Lincoln Cathedral looming far across the fens.' ' Well, I think it was the fourth night I'd been at the place, there was a full moon. I was wandering about with Bjorren's gun on my arm when I saw her rising out of the sea, like—but that's what everybody gushes about, so I'll just let it alone. I will say, though, that when she was fairly up it was easy to see that she was no Lincolnshire moon, or wasn't shining through Lincolnshire air at any- rate. I was always fond of speculating about the moon, and as I strolled slowly along, I was gazing steadily at her big red. orb, when there suddenly rang out behind me a shriek so blood-curdling that I started violently, and, dropped the gun into a pool of sea-water. Nor did I think of picking it up, for when.I turned round, I saw a sight that drove everything else clean out of my head. Within about three hundred yards of me, and running in my direction, was a woman. A small, slight-framed woman, with long, dark clothes and naked feet. I could see them twinkle white along the sand as she ran. No !—she was a tall woman, with a white dress, and what seemed to be a knife in her hand. No ! I said to myself a second time—wondering with a swift flash of the mind if my senses were leaving me—as I now saw no woman at all, but aman, within a hundred yards, of me and still running on. A tall roughly-dressed man, with what appeared to be a tomahawk in his left hand—I saw his face distinctly— white as death and fringed with a ragged beard that blew over his shoulder as he came. ' Helplessly I gazed at him, until when he was, or seemed to be, about fifty yards from me, he quickly shifted the tomahawk from his left hand to his right. That broke the spell ! There was something so natural and human in the action that my wits came back to me in a moment, and down I stooped for the gun. I couldn't shoot with it now, I knew, but I could use it as a club. Well, boys, I didn't have to use it at all. When I stood up with it grasped by the muzzle in both hands—the man was gone!'—and Jack, with true dramatic art, come here to a dead pause and began slowly to cut up tobacco. ' Gone ?' I asked. ' Run away again, do you mean ?' ' No, sir ! Gone !—disappeared !—van- ished!' ' Come, come, Jack !' I said, laughing, ' That's the stereotyped sort of thing, you know ! You should have finished things off with more originality !' ' Don't it strike you,' said . Jack, gravely, 'that it's just because I'm telling the truth that I haven't finished off, as you say, in a loss stereotyped manner ? Were I stuffing you, as we say hereabouts, no- thing would have been easier than to give matters a more original turn,' 'Perhaps you had some ' hard stuff ' with you and double ?' said Billy Anderson, the red nosed little cook, who was a thirsty soul, and spoke according to his lights. ' Saw treble you mean !' put in the store- man, who was the wit of the station— ' though that's but a base insinuation.' Martin shook his head. ' No boys,' he said. ' Strange to say, I hadn't at that time tasted any liquor for over four months. If I wasn't downright out of my mind for about thirty seconds—for it all passed in that time—I saw exactly what I tell you, and exactly as I tell you.' ' Was there nothing that could have con- cealed the figure ?' I asked. 'Nothing. Flat as the palm of your hand for half a mile on every side of me. But hear me out !' and, having lighted his pipe, Jack hitched, himself further upon the fence and went on— 'I cannot describe to you how I felt. It seemed tr me as if the whole scene around me had suddenly turned unreal and ghastly. The very moon seemed to have changed into some awful thing some fearful personality, if you understand me—that kept glaring downwards on me as I made the best of my way back to the hut.. 'Here I saw something that wasn't at all calculated to steady my nerves. Bjorren was asleep, and apparently dream- ing—some awful dream, by the look of him. His hair—very long and shaggy it was—was tossed all about the pillow, and his face was streaming with perspiration. He kicked about, too, and struggled, and at last he cried out something that made me start once more. ' The axe !' he said, —the tomahawk ! My God ! she's down!' I went over and shook him till he woke. ' What's the matter, old man ?' I said. ' Have you been dreaming ?' He sat up, shuddering and wiping the damp from his face. ' Dreaming !' he said. 'Yes, thank God it was only a dream !' Then when he had come round a bit, he told me his dream ; and—you may believe me or not, lads, said Jack, slowly and deliberately—' but this is what he told me.' ' He thought first, he said, that he saw far back into the early times of the colony, and that three persons, a man and two women, occupied the very hut we were in. It seemed to be known to him at the same time that these were the sole survivors of a shipwreck and that the man had built the hut out of wreckage. The man, too, he seemed to know, had formed an attach- ment to the younger of the two women, and thus.aroused the deadly jealousy of the other, who was his wife. And now as the dreamer saw them, a quarrel arose. A quarrel which grew more and more savage, until the injured wife snatched up a knife and attacked her rival, who rushed screaming out of the hut. Across the moonlit sands she fled—after her the maddened avenger with a knife, and after her in turn the faithless husband with a tomahawk.' ' Rapidly the second gained upon the first, and the third upon both, until the hunted woman was overtaken, and threw herself down upon her knees, screaming wildly for mercy. She did not receive it ! The fury with the knife flung herself up- on her rival, and, holding her down by main strength—cut her throat ! It was the work of a moment, but, before the murderess could rise to her feet again, the husband arrived upon the spot, and shift- ing the tomahawk from his left hand to his right, he drove it fiercely into his wife's skull. Down she went beside her victim, and lay there as motionless—and as dead—as a log. The man, too, remained as motionless—after he had struck the blow, as if he had been turned into stone. For a few moments, that is; then he flung the tomahawk far away across the sand, and, turning round, made for the hut like a madman. Arrived there, he lost not a moment, but, frantic with horror and remorse, climbed upon the roof, made a line fast to the rude chimney, and hung himself ! 'Such was:Bjorren's dream,' went on Jack, after a pause, ' and I leave you to guess what effect it had upon me, coming after what I'd seen. And what was more, lads, when morning came we examined the outside of the chimney, and found, sure enough, a piece of rotten old quarter-inch rope made fast around it. It might have been the remains of the line the murderer hanged himself with, or it might not. You can form your own opinion, all I know is that I've described the matter exactly as it occurred, and that I cleared out of the accursed place that very day. As for Bjorren,' concluded Jack, getting down off the fence to depart, ' he may be there yet, for all I know. He was just the sort of chap to suit such ghostly work, but one such fright in a life time's enough for this individual. Why, to this day, I can't bear the sight of the full moon.' This was true enough. We had all noticed and laughed—at the peculiarity in question, though whether it had its origin in the manner described is a point which I have never—whatever you, reader, may do—been able to settle to my own satis- faction. A subsequent occurrence, how- ever, induced me to think it possible that the whole story was the morbid emanation of a brain trembling—though we knew it not—on the verge of insanity. Nor is this supposition invalidated by the art with which the tale was told, since it is a matter of common experience that lunatics will sometimes exhibit, in some particular mental direction, a skill and address almost beyond the capabilities of the sane. * * * * * * In the month of February '73, or about fourteen months after hearing the story I have here produced, I was on my way to the Wannamilla country, in Queensland, and had got as far as the Macdonald River. Just before dark, I was smoking my pipe at the door of the little hotel, when two troopers galloped into the town- ship and pulled up for a drink. Their horses showed the marks of a hard ride, and there was soon a little crowd round the hotel door, to know what was the matter. The general opinion inclined to bushrangers, and it was with something like disgust that the Jelligapians learned it was only a lunatic the troopers were after. A man on Colonel Mastermau's Yaruna station had, it appeared, suddenly gone out of his mind, and, after firing twice at the overseer, had mounted his horse and taken to the bush. ' We're bound to have him before morning, though,' said one of the con- stables.' He was seen taking the track to Donnelly's Fork and that's as good as a rat trap to him.' And so it proved. About eight next morning, the troopers rode into the town- ship again with the lunatic—still on his own horse, but bound and handcuffed— between them. Something in the poor creature's face struck me as being familiar. I went closer. Good God!—it was Jack Martin ! 'Jack!' I cried. 'Jack Martin—you know me, don't you, old fellow ?' He laughed cheerfully. 'Oh, yes,' he said, ' I know you quite well.You're the Angel Gabriel. What have you done with your wings, though ? Excuse my not raising my hat, but you see'—with a glance at his bonds—' there are serious mechanical difficulties in the way !' ' Where are you taking him ?' I asked the troopers. ' Magistrate and doctors, first, sir—then I suppose, to Brisbane Asylum ?' And to Brisbane Asylum poor Jack went ; but he didn't stay there long. Three weeks afterwards I was in Bris- bane, and called to see him. 'Martin ?' said the clerk, turning over the leaves of the book. ' Martin, John. Ah, here it is ! Admitted, 23 February ; died, 27. Four days afterwards, you see? ' I did see ; and saw, too, that it was better so. 