HISTORY OF COLAC* From the Earliest Times to the Present Day. [BY "IZAAK."] CHAPTER IV. (Continued). PROGRESS OF EVENTS (Continued) THE EASTERN SETTLEMENT. The story of the fate of the "True Briton" has a ring of the romantic about it. It was not long after gold had been found at Ballarat, and men's minids were in a ferment over the matter, that a reported discovery of the precious metal took place in Colac, the locality where rich nuggety gold had been come across, being in the ranges about a mile south of the town. The ground was rushed in no time, and it is related that all the carpenters in the place were busily engaged making " cradles" in which to wash the "dirt," but excepting the few specimens which had been un- earthed in the first instance nothing more was found. During the excite- ment that prevailed for the time, Mr. Lyons was very anxious, too anxious some people thought, to dispose of his hotel. He asked £3000 for it, and loudly asserted that its pro- pinqiity to a payable goldfield greatly enhanced the value of the premises. The place was eventually bought by Mr. Hugh Grant M'Donald for about half that amount, but he did not keep it, re-selling to Lyons for a mere nominal sum, and shortly afterwards the place was burned to the ground through the carelessness of a female servant. The secret of the gold discovery leaked out after a time, and it was found that the ground had been "salted" by interested parties in order to raise the selling price of town property. Mr. Lyons afterwards removed to Rokewood, and on his return built the Perseverance Hotel, on the east side of the creek. It was a long one- storied brick building, and was first used as a general store by 'Mr.John M'Caigh, he having' removed from Champion's store to that place, where he remained until the completion. of his two storied brick shop and dwell- ing, situated east of where the Royal Hotel stands. There is a story attached to the latter building, which is worth relat- ing. When it was finished the pro- prietor went to inspect the building, and although well pleased with the way in which the contract had been carried out as regards the lower por- tion of the structure, he was quite in the dark as to the top story for the simple reason that no provision what- ever had been made for a stair- way, and there was no means of communi- cation between the lower and, upper rooms. A stair-case had to be fitted in afterwards, which much curtailed the capacity of one of the rooms. The Caledonian hotel (the present residence of Mr. James Woods) was erected two or three years after the True Briton. The first owner was unable to complete the building, and sold out to Mr. H. G. M'Donald, who finished it, and opened the place as a public-house. It was here that several elections and other public meetings were held, and here also the first public meeting held` in the town to form a cricket club took place--that was in 1854. It next passed into the hands of the late Mr. M. Anthony, who, however, left when the Royal Hotel, further east, was ready for occupation. For some years after that the Caledonian was occupied as a private residence, the late Mr. Doyle, the well-known solicitor, dwelling there a considerable time, and eventually the premises came into the hands of Mr. James Woods. The writer remembers the time when this building' was closed up for a short period, and the rumors that got afloat regarding a ghost that used to haunt this deserted dwelling, the presumption being that some dark and bloody tragedy had been trans- acted there years before. I was attending the National School near by at the time, and, along with some of the more daring of my school mates, we effected an entrance into this "haunted" house one evening, but failed entirely to discover any thing whatever of a ghostly nature about the place. It was perhaps as well for us or rather, the ghost, that we did not meet the dreaded spectre we were in search of. The first flour mill was erected in 1852 by Mr. Thos. Hill, on the bank of the lake, Colac east, and the curious in such matters may yet see there the remains of the foundations of the chimney stack. Prior to this, how- ever, a handy mechanic named Baxter worked a primitively con- structed flour mill opposite to Mr. R. Darby's residence. It was a kind of coffee mill on a large scale, the "'stones," being turned by a wind mill, the fans of which were made out of bullock hide. Some of the squatters had been in the habit of using similar flour mills to grind the wheat they grew for their own con- sumption. In the event of any poor traveller, or "sun-downer," calling at a statlion for a night's lodgings and something to eat, he would be directed to the corn mill, and told to grind a certain amount of corn into flour and bake what damper he wanted himself. Mr. Thos. Hill was also the first to start a saw-mill which he erected on the Barongarook creek, near Gamble town, there being plenty of good timber at that time in the neighbour- hood. Finding this did not pay he removed the plant to Love's River, where his Yahoo station was situated, and shortly afterwards took down his flour mill plant at the lake side, and re-erected it on the site of the old saw-mill. Mr. Hill was assisted in the saw-mill venture by Mr. John Whiteman the once well know poet, blacksmith, and legis- lator. Several years after this Hill sold the flourmill to Mr. Andrew Wilson. In 1857 the Polworth steam flour mills, situated near Mr. D. Thomas's, were erected by several of the squatters for Mr. D. Caffrae, but this speculation not turning out a success, the mill changed hands several times, Mr. A. Wilson, at length becoming the purchaser. Let us now glance at the east end of Colac, which in times past, was such an important part of the town. From what has been written, as well as from what is now to be related, the nucleus of the town was * All rights reserved. formed at the west end and not at the eastern part as is generally sup- posed, and believed even by many old residents who arrived about 1852 and thereafter. The township site (west of the creek) was surveyed about 1844, and a small area of country and suburban lands about three or four years previous to that date. In 1846 the sale by auction of country lands commenced, those situated east of Forest street., and running from the lake to Mr. H. Murray's pre- emptive right being sold, or selected and purchased, about 1847 or 1848. In a short time the land referred to was all taken up, the original purchasers soon after wards cutting up their blocks into building allotments, or small sized farms, and these again were sub- divided, and a large number of people who could not obtain land at the west end, bought these blocks, and settled upon them. After the main road running in a direct line from Cameron's hill to near the lake shore had been altered to its present site, numerous houses and business estab- lishments were erected on each side of the road, the corner (or "M'Laughlin's corner" as it was afterwards called), being the chief centre of attraction. The first portion of the Colac Hotel was erected by Mr. Drummond (the beforementioned schoolmaster and general factotum), he having pur- chased six acres of land at that corner from Mr. Thos. Hill for 30s. per acre. In March 1850 Drummond applied to the local magistrates for a license for the place, and supported his application by a memorial signed by a large number of residents in the vicinity. The magistrates refused to grant the application, their reasons for the refusal being that in their opinion the two hotels at the west end of the town were quite sufficient for the requirements of the town. The official records show that a similar application made to the local licensing bench in the following year, was likewise refused on the same grounds as before.. There is evidence to show that the magistrates did their best to prevent the spread of drunken- ness-one of the worst vices of early colonial days. It was with the object of preserv- ing the morality of the inhabitants that the only two magistrates Colac then boasted of, reported unfavour- ably against the proclamation of the township. In February 1850 a memorial was sent to His Honour the Superintendent praying that this should be done, and the matter was referred to the local magistrates for report. In their reply, the magis- trates stated they could not see any necessity for or advantage to be derived by any part of the community, by having the town proclaimed, and they concluded their report in these words : - We think think that the argument used in its favour, viz,, that of allowing store- keepers to sell wines and spirits in quantities of two gallons is the strongest argument against it', as it would afford too great facilities and encouragement to drunkenness by enabling sly-grog seller to procure spirits at a low price, and also induce drunkenness amongst the shepherds, hutkeepers, and other laborers in the neighbourhood which our small police force would be unable to suppress. We regret to remark that drunken- ness already prevails in the neighbour- hood of Colac to a lamentable extent. Signed, H., Murray, A. Dennis, J.sP." It is, therefore, little to be wondered at that the magistrates should object so strongly to a third public-house being opened. The Colac Hotel was then let for a season as a private residence, and it was here that in 1853 Dr. Nankivell first took up his abode. In the following year Mr. Adam Rea opened it as a general store, until his new premises near by were ready for occupation. Mr. John M'Laughlin was the first to obtain a license for the Colac Hotel, where he resided for many years, amassing a considerable fortune in a short time. From this time forth the east end began to make rapid advancement, and for over twenty years it entirely eclipsed the western part of the town altogether. The first store erected at the east end was a "wattle and daub" structure, on the corner opposite the Colac Hotel. It was opened by a a Mr. M'Carthy, who ,in 1853 was succeeded by Mr. J. H. Connor.This place was quickly put in the shade by the more pretentions looking Cale- donian Stores built by Mr. Adam Rea, whose business tact and ability secured for him a prominent place in the little community. Mr. E. T. Silk had the first smithy, and he was ingenious enough to carry on the wheelwrighting and carpenter- ing trades as well. That was about 1849, and his place of business was next to Mr. Darby's, on the west side. Then Mr. C. Lemster followed in the same line, and after many years hard labor and toil at the anvil he has now retired on a comfortable competence. In 1858 Mr. John Dalton commenced business as a blacksmith, but for some years his specialty has been coachbuilding, in which line he excels both for strength and workmanship. The butchering business was first started by Mr. Lyons in 1849, at the west end, but a Mr. Batchelor of the east end soon out-rivalled him, and then Michie M'Cormick opened in the same line, and was followed by Mr. Henry Willis, who was succeeded by Messrs. Shields and Butcher. Changes came at length, and Mr. Thomas Butcher, who had succeeded in getting together a large connection, joined his fortunes with Mr. A. Chapman, and for many years this firm did the leading trade of the town. On the outskirts of the eastern part of the town, that is at the junction of the Colac to Geelong and Ondit roads, Mr. John Willis, in 1854, built a large brick hotel, naming it the "Great Western." Here his business throve with him, and though many doubted the wisdom of his venture, being so far out of town, he never re- gretted the step. In the same plucky and adventurous spirit he, in 1875, erected the present Conmmercial Hotel in Murray Street, and his action in this respect materially helped to fix the permanency of the west end, which was just about that time springing into importance, and bidding fair to out-rival the hitherto much favored township at the ex- treme east. Colac East had now become a place of considerable commercial im- portance. The population had in creased, wonderfully, and the few scattered huts which marked the site in the first instance were displaced by scores of good private residences, large and commodious shops, and the thousand and one things which go to make a prosperous town ; but above all there was a large and increasing amount of trade traffic and commerce to keep things lively, and the east- enders were quite content to let those "foolish people" who lived 'cross the creek severely alone, their's was the township—the west end was nowhere. (To be continued.) 