Koveltet, THE FALSE KNIGHT: OR, THE ROBBER OF THE BLACK FOREST. A story of love, mystery, AND adventure. BY SYLVANUS COBB, Jr. OHAPTEli XI. —Continued " Most assuredly I will." '' G owl. I shall give you the opportu nity very boou.",. . ' f . ^Wl0ll tho priest imd gone • Sir Pascal suinmonod Balthazar, and bade hinV go and seo tho baroness, and ask her how soon she 11 could bo prepared to receive liini. IIo,wished < to confer with her upon a matter of great ■ importance. . ■ . . .j Tho dwarf ^departed, ancl was gone so long that, his: master became uneasy and suspicious of , ovil. 1 Ho had f twice framed tho opening speech with' which ho would salute her' ladyship1,' arid had twico' for gotten it; and by tho time tho hunchback finally returned lie had forgotten, much more. ' ' . ' " " Well, rascal What says her august ladyship ? Have you been making lovo to tho fair dauglitor ?" "No, your lordship. I will leavo'that delectable pastime to you, ivhon—you find lier." \ 0 . ;' ; -f I 'i .> " i " Ha ! What doos that mean V' cried the knight, seining the pigmy by the collar of his doublet ami giving him a shako. "Did you see tho baroness ?" "•No, sir. Not ,a door could I open,, bo yond tho arcliway at tho bntranco" to" tlio . ladies' apartments. .After I had knocked, and kicked, and called at as many clobrs as I liavo lingers, I found a servant, who told mo that sho had been doing tho sanio thing for iiiovo than an hour ;'and ,tho black eyed wonch liiid tlio audacity to spit at mo, —not ok hio, nmrlc you—and tell mb that'I and otliers liko me—meaning yourexcelloricy —had driven tho 2>oor woman to. Booking safety in death,'to -which end sho had drank poison." "Hark yo, sirrah;!, Speak yo now soberly and to the point, or; I'll—I'll cut your wine for a week. I,mean it. Now, tell me what you found." ' - 1 v '' " I told you as noarly as I know how. J went to tho: chamber of the lady as you bade mo; and I tried tho docirs of all tho rooms on that floor, m that wing; and not a door could I start, , nor a word of response to my calls could I hear ; and tho girl said Blio'd boeh an hour trying to raise Homobody with out avail."' ' s i> Twice tho Btartled knight strode across tho room, and then,'Bowing his cap,' ho went out—wenl. to tho forgo of tho armorer, and selecting .'a" heavy slcdgb—a- 'two-headed tool—with which he returned to the keep, ho ascended to the apartments'of the ladies, liisdworf pago bearing himtcompany. In the tirst passago ioii tho sticoiul; floor they mob tlie Borvniifc'wli'oni iiiiltiiiiyJir lmd ques tioned, and lior Sir Pascal told to show him which wasijthe sloepin^ohauibor. ofjtho baroness. The door, was .pointed .oufy and a single blow of tlio heavy slodgo beafc.it open. 4 Tho girl rushed in1, and presently: set up a frantic outcry.1 Hor dear lnistvoas-waa dead alio knew. That was her bud, oub of which she never slopb, and it had not boon touched during tho night, - . . ■ Other doors were broken open, and othor chambers looked into ; but no trueo of mo ther or.daugliter could be found. . It- was Ballhaziir who thought of asking tho servant if she ever waited upon the baroness, and helped her,to dress. • Yos,*that \Vas'|i |»arb of, hor duty. (She arid Oretch'iiri Id way s'Waited'njuin thogood lady and hel;''(laugliter| and nobody clno, And Gretclioii, ,too,. was yono. - Slio was directed to Huu if tlic ladies had. carded anytliiiig;away witii thoin ; and upon search it was found that both of them hnd taken clothing and ail their jewelry. in a state ot frenzy tho knight hastened down, awl summoned to his presence all the officers and soldiers who had been on guard duty during the night. There were a full score of them in all. They were questioned sharply, but nothing coulil bo learned from them. Nona of them had seen either of the missing females. Each and every one most solemnly swore that not a soul Jiad passed him during his watch. "Where is. the wonder?" suggested Lieutcnoiit Franz, when the chief had reached the point of; declaring that some body had lied, . "Do you not know,that these old castles ;aro riddled, through and through, with all sorts of secret passages?" Simple as was the revelation, Dunwolf bad not. thought of il . But ho saw it now, and admitted the probability of its correct ness. ' ' | Ho had just bowed his acknowledgment to Franz when the door of the apartment was opened, and the two ruffians, ZilJorn and Walbeclc, came in/looking like men who had just soon a veritable ghost, each trying to push the other on ahoad.' . ' "How, now?" cried the knight, with a new terror before him. "Why aro you hero ? Speak !—Zounds ! I'll—" "Mercy, Meinherr!" And it came out, with much stumbling,' that they had igone down to carry their prisoner his breakfast; hod found the door of tho dungeon bolted and barred; and j locked, just as thoy had loft it; but tho place was empty. The straw lmd not been laid upon, and two of the candles and the candlestick had boon taken away. This was too much. Sir Pascal was stricken dumb. Ho gasped and choked, but for a considerable time was unable to speak. And when, at length, his power of speech came to him, ho was so deeply moved that ho spoko without an oath; no oath that he could frame being adequate to the occasion, "Franz ! What do you mako of tin's ?" " It must be, sir, that some of the mon of the castle discovered that;: the, captain had been locked up' 'in that- placed and they contrived, during tho night, to sot him free." " But how could thoy have got tliero if our sentinels were awako , " By means of pusses of which wo are ignorant. JIfyou will reflect you will call to mind that the subterranean'' passes of these .old piles always conilecfc with" the lower crvnts and dumreons." Again tho knight; wiis forced to admit tho plausibility of his lieutenant's solution; and, having questioned the jailers sumo* what furthei', ho rei&olvod;'to go down and investigate foi" himself, Ho had brought ■with liiui the; filed go with whicli lio had o'poned the chamber doors; that ho gavo to Zillern, and directed Walbeck to go to the armorer's forgo and gck: another just likci it, and to bring, also, a common harinnorof goodly size. "When all was ready, lights were taken and tho party sot forth. Tho first point for examination was tho dungeon from which tho prisoner had boon set i'ruo. Was there any: secret pass .there They, hammered and pouudecl everywhere, but only tho dull, massy sound of solid rock was returned, Tho walls on Ihrco sides wore absolutely native rock, and, of course, there could bo nothing of Uio kind in tho front wall. Ah for tho floor, it was of Hags of such size, mid'so firmly laid, that no human power could muro them. It never occurred to them: tliat1- the door of a square rccess cut from the native ledge ought itself—or, at {east, thoinnor portion of it—to bo Holid liko the walls thatr aroso from it. They might have soon, too';;that tlio iloor of tlio passage otitsido, onia;16vol with that of tlio clungcbn,' was simply n surfnco of natural rock. Also, tlioy might have discovered tlmfc tJio floor of tlio very next dungeon was of, nature's own make.. r t r lint tlioy saw nothing' of tliis.v u'It twnB ovidont that tlio prisoner had boon sot froo by somebody from the outside j and as for fimlim? tho secret in that niano of cells and crypts and vaulted passages, tlio; thing was not to bo thoughS of. Tlioy hammered and banged upon a few suspicious-looking plncos, but in tho'end returned no wiser than they went. .On; reaching daylight again j Sir,'Pascal Itliought of mustoring tho forco of tlio castle '—those inon who, had boon under Capt. von Linden'^ conhiiand—nnd demanding of them information upon tlio 'subject of, what' ho was pleased to term tlio recent outrage ; but Franz quickly argued him away from it.' Said! ho; i after his chief had givon up tho objectionablo plan : '■ fv " The prisonor is gone, of course, beyond tho'co'nfinoB of tho cnstlo, and I doubt if thoro is a soul lioro' present who knows whdro ho is.' Further, the ladies arc suroly with him ; and wo'niivy1 judge, froni 'tho fact that no horses have boon taken, that tlioy havo not gone far. Now, my dear master," continued tho trusty henchman, laying the dox torS H ngor Cof. tlio right ' hand into tlio palm of the left, as ho wont on, spunking sloWly and earnestly, " our first object is to mako oursolvos securo>in our position, ^and know who aro our friends. Of|tho iivo-aml-forty^iuon-at-arms whom wo found in tlio garrison ]fcro'>whcn \vu came, tho linger portion of tliuiu aro soldiers who have boon drawn from other souroos within ^'a fow: months. Thd'i oldi:kniglici whoso; funoral had just taken placo whoii wo arrived,' had . enlisted them by order • of tho grand duke, after intelligence had boon received of tho anticipated 'insuriection; Moro than half of those men, to my certain knowledge, are already hoart and soul witli us j and X Jia'vo no doubt that wo might,, by proper management, gain vory noarly tlio wliolo of them. • • ' "Lot us first do" that, sir j and then lot us'iltid Thorbrand. If wo do not lirid liiiu readily, wo must tind some of his men und confer with thoni. That tlioy aro in this neighborhood thoro can bo 110 doubt. Meantime wo will throw our guards upon nil the avenues of tlio surrounding forest, to mako Hiiro tlmt tho fugitives do not escape us. This in the plan I would suggest." And the chief Jmd resolved to adopt it boforo Franz had dono speaking. Accordingly, after one more thorough search over the castle for tho missing ones, Sir Puscal caused tho original force of the castle to be mustered on the parade ground, and when they were together, he stated to them plainly his object. Ho wanted to know how many of them ho could depend .upon to follow him without question ; how many would take the oath of fealty to, him self, Housed no honeyed words, but ho did this: Ho mado them .understand that those who should refuse him allegiance might look for hard times ; while on'the other hand, for (hose who should prove true to him, there would bo the best of treat ment, and there might.be considerable booty, . Tho result had not been looked for. Only ten men of the iive-and-forty privates and' nine non-commissioncd officers—ten of the! whole number—stood iirjiu and'truo to tho old duty; and they, wlien- thejr saw and ! understood tho situation, btlieving (hat their young captain and tho Indies of the castlo had got safely away, asked that they , might be discharged from tlio service, Tlioy I ''ad taken tho onth of fealty to tho ba roness, iind only she herself could absolve (them, ' • ;/ ; i For a wonder Dunwolf permitted them to go. He felt that they could do him more harm if they remained than they could in i being outside, And thus was he' completely master of tho castle. Saving tho few house-1 .hold servants, for whom ho did not caro,aUj (within tho walls wore his sworn supporters. jBeforo tho sun of that day had sot ho hail jSent swift couriers out upon nil tho roads— upon every path where a woman could I make her way—and .made sure that no' ^ persons had gone forth since tho previous) |eveniiig. Also, ho hud posted sentinels at tho various passes, to prevent the out [going of anyone without question. , J During tho evening of that day, for the firsts time, lie was told of the cot of the old hunter on tho opposite mountain side. Could it bo possible that the fugitives hail found shelter and hiding thore ? Ho would [very soon know. I On the next morning, bright and early, jficcompanied by a guide from the 111011 of tho castlo, Sir Pascal and his lieutenant, i with the dwarf page, who had bogged hard that ho might bo permitted to go, set;forth (for tho hunter's cot,; ; They reached itwith jout adventure worthy of note, aiid found1 tho huntor himself standing in his open! doorway, lividently ho had boon on the ,watch for them, having been very sure that' tliey would come, ■; ; I ' Pascal Dmi wolf stood fairly abashed be foro the man ho had come to see. He had boon prepared to find a rougli, ignorant mouutainoor, who would instinctively quail and cower beforo himj but, instead of tlmt, lie gazed* upon a'man noble and grand^n tonirand feature—a injur'who lnokuil upon linn as n monarch might look upon his .meanest subject. ^ Never liihid the detaiis of the interview ' y!8,^9Vj ns sooii as[h6i;eouId present his business, stated why ho hiul come. * Ho was very anxious "concerning tlio ladies, I who wore so far under his caro that ho felt responsible for their, safety. Had tho huntor'scon anything of them V Could he give any information at all'( J "Sir," said Obonvald with a stately bow, j I miglit answer yoii that I luid not seen (them—that I know nothing of them ; but (that would presuppose iny readiness' to bo tray them if tlioy we're hove, or to tell a falsehood. The lady Bertha and herl daughter are my dear friends,and if I know .where they had found refuge T certainly! | should refuse to tell you; 0 1 do not look so glnin 1 J. only do 'what4'you'"would do. Jf you bo a man of honor. But, sir, my jhumblo abode is bcfovo you ; 110 doors aro looked. You cuii look through it if you will; also, you may search the .forest round about. I cbrtaihly'hopo you may not find fchcin, bocauso I know they would not have loft, you without good and sufficient reason." o.'.;. '.n The spurred and belted knight was for a little"timo fairly beside himself with con tending oniotions. Once lie soomed moro than half inclined to draw his sword, and agaiiira\torront ()f curses was upon" liis . lips ready to burst forth ; but his botter .judg ment finally prevailqd, and in moderate tonos ho told tho hunter that ho should lilco to r view tlio internal arrangements, of, his dwelling.' "" ",J <-■■■■• 'j ',\Yit,hout a woril Oborwald admitted him and his lioutoniint. Tlio obtrusive hunch back 'started- to go.. in,-.but,liis, mastor.put him back., „ ^UponontoringthoHving-roomtholnmtar's daughter was 'discovered'; sitting i'l»y tlio groat lire-placo, and Franz who had an oye for a pretty' face, started to address horJ At that inonioiifc up rose tho. grout St. Bor nardj'with'a growl liko'far-oil' thunder, and tlio gallant clrow back,leaving tho damsel to Jieraolf.' • //• ,r j ■. ■■^ * - ■. ■ ■. . Evory part of tho cot was visitod j ovory holo 'nirid cornor was peered into ; but no tiling wasfoiind that looked'liko a; fugitive baroriessj arid in tho end tlio party of ob-j servation loft tlio cot no wiser than they were'on their. arrival. Soro at heart, and in deeper trouble than ho would acknowledge,'Sir Pascal Dun wolf returned, to tho castlo. , .Thus far ho had been battled at every stop; still ho did not givo up. Freuli riders wore sent out to scour tho forost, arid every moans lie could think of ,■ taken to And tlio missing ohoa.'. < ■ ; And now for i tlio < robber chiof. "\Vhilo tlio search' was going on for tlio fugitivos ho must find Thorbmnd, mul with him come to an understanding. Why tho man had not called upon liim he could not concoivo. llo had proinisod1 that ho would bo very punctual. ' i , ' • It was on the third day after tlio disap pearance uf Captain von Linden and tho ladies, while hcouIs were scouring in every direction for tlio robber ohioftain, or for any of liia", bund, thatune of tho fumod bandiL'ji followers was broutrhfc before him. Ho gave his , a» Hildegund, and wuY ,ho w»" r..iuof TIiotbi«ii{l's«Jiiof lie hail been on his way to the castle wli'ci I Hie outriders had met him, audi. ho wat anxious to Hud hi a master as was any otio. " Moro than ahundred men of our band,' lie said, "are now encamped in tho Art? beig Valley waiting for an order from their chief. Thorbraud left us little more than a week ago, in company with his elite* officer, young Wolfgang1—young he is, b.. but a thunderbolt in battle—they loft u I for tho oxpress purpose of coming to th)J very castle to report to yoursolt; All is ready with us, and 'the .Jwrons of Wurtom burg aio ready tib move as ^oon as tlioy know that Deekendorf Castlo is open to thcin iu case of need. We have waited till now for our chief's return, and when the full weok had gone I started out in quest of' him. The last words ho spoke beforo leav-' ing us were spoken to mo. ^ ^I^ogund,' bo said, 'Igo to confer ^■ifclrtljpH'night; who. has boon sent to com? lijmnil Dockendorf- Castle/, When51 have arranged satisfactorily with him I will let you know." "He promised that if he did not come himself ho would send Wolfgang. ' That, as I have said, was mora than a weok ago, and from that time wo have heard not a word, nor havo wo, rccoivod a sign. What can it mean ?" ' 1 : ' Dunwolf was confounded. 'Was it pos sible that Thorbrand had niado his' ap pearance at tho castlo1 beforo his arrival— while von Linden was in command—and had; the fiery youth put him out of tho way 1 Ho, summoned two of tho assistant warders, who had taken tho oath of fealty to him, and questioned them closely. They declared, unhesitatingly, that it would havo been impossible for any man to havo visited tho castlo during tho wook previous to Sir Arthur's death without either one or the other of them being witness. After this there was a silence, broken at length by tho robber. "Havo you made search at tho cot o Martin Oberwald ?" ■ • ( ■ "What?—the . hunter on tho opposite mountains ?" "The same." ; "Not for Thorbrand j but I havo been fchoro, and havo looked into every holo, and corner after others." ' ' ! Hildegund shrugged his shoulders' signi ficantly. . " That man," lie said, " is doepor than you think. If any ono can givo us infor mation, it is ho. ;But iwo must bo wiry. Lot lis thinlv the matter; over, and; fix upon ii plan of ac'.ion. ;; Helms holes and corners at commaiul'that you did not dream of, I'll l)o;bourid.,,'!'1 1' '■'■ : i v . Hildegund was of middle ago ; tall and sinowy, and strong of • limb. Ilo was a lianclaoino man, too, with a'faco remarkably keen and intelligent. That ho was an ox porionood forester and mountaineer was evident front" tho outset, and ta ]ti>n §ji> Pascal tondered tho oftjeo- of guide an tho present emergency. Tho brigand readily accepted the position tind 'straightway proceeded to act >011, his movements indicating very plainly that ho know what ho wjui .about. •' Bef<n& that day's sun had sot ho • had organized - a force of little loss ■ than-two-score nieii—all more or less versod iu jtho . mysteries of mountain life—and tho'dwelling of Martin Oberwald was completely environed, so that no person could enter iii or 'go away without being discovorod. 