BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS At a meeting of the English Turf Club the Duke of Portland arose and in eulogistic terms proposed the health of the Prince of Wales, trusting that he would be such an ornament to the turf as was his illustrious ancestor, George IV. Lord Roslyn, who is rather (loaf, dismayed the Duke and convulsed the crowd by an audible observation that he forgets that the illustrious ancestor was warned off the turf." The Conservator and rhetorical Dean of Chichester (writes an English exchange) is one of those orators who may fairly be said to lose himself in his subject. In a recent utterance he was insisting that man's nature was distinguished from that of the lower animals by its progressive character. "Think he said, "of the ass. Always it is the same creature, and you never saw a more perfect ass than you see at the present moment." Can this be true 1 It is said that the Bishop of London went to see one of his parishioners, a lady with a prodigious family, which had recently been increased, As he rose to leave the lady stopped him with, But you haven't seen my last baby ?" " No," he quickly replied, "and I never expect to!" Then, it is stated, he fled.-LondonFigaro. ' ' Miss Beatrice Potter, a young heiress chockful of philanthropy and fantastic ideas, has been trying to put into practice at the East End the various schemes for the amelioration of the working classes suggested by Mr. Walter Besant in " All Sorts and Conditions of Men" and " Children of Gideon." Like the heroes of these two fictions, she lives in a small house at Stepney, and spends most of her time helping, enlightening, and amusing her neighbours, The dull lives of 500 old women wore cheered last Sunday by an excursion to Epping Forest, which Miss Potter carried out almost single handed, and to-morrow a bevy of working dressmakers, like the far-famed "Mo- lands," will spend a happy holiday on the most beautiful part of the Thames. Miss Potter says the intense pleasure which these excursions afford many weary toilers more than repays her for the trouble and anxiety incurred. For there is anxiety. The mass of East Enders, says Miss Potter, are far from being the well behaved grateful creatures Mr. Besant points. Their idea of a holiday, for instance, is a royal drunk, and unless beer and spirits ad lib. form part of a day's outing they " don't hold the spree of much account." That they were walking arm in arm. She was keeping very close to him, but he seemed to be keeping rather away from her. "Dear, you do not love me to- night," "Yes, I do." "No, you do not. You do not respond to my pleasure, and when I do give a little squeeze you shudder ; you shrink away from me. You do not love me." "My love you force me to a painful confession, if you will waive your little predilection and take my right arm. You see I've just been vaccinated, and it has taken." They move, and she takes his right arm. She gives no more pressure. | He squeezes her arm. " Dearest, you I will forgive me ; but I cannot take your right arm," says she. " You cannot stand so slight a discomfort for my sake V " No, dear, it isn't that. But my vaccina- tion took very badly, and it isn't quite well yet-and you see my difficulty, do you not?" "What can we do?" says he. " Well here is my waist." " Seven " being the average size of a man's head, as measured by his hat, it appears that out of 14 distinguished personages, two (Lord Chelmsford and Dean Stanley) were below, while other two (Lord Beaconsfield and the Prince of Wales) were exactly up to the average. Of the others. Dickens, Selborne, and Bright required it, Earl Russel 71, Lord Macaulay, Gladstone, and Thackeray 73, Louis Philippe 7, and the Archbishop of York 8 full. Of 23 distinguished men whose actual brain weights are known, four, including the late Professor Hughes Bennett and Hermann, the philologist, were distinctly below the average, showing that a well-constructed brain of small dimensions may be capable of doing much better work than many a larger organ whose internal constitution is, from one cause or other, defective. During the conflagration of the Homoeopathic Medical College at Cleveland, Ohio, the firemen were astonished to see the nude bodies of five persons come sliding through a hole which had been burned through the floor over their heads. They were dragged out of the room, and strenuous efforts were made to resuscitate them, until a physician arrived to inform them that the bodies were subjects that had been dead a week or mare from the dissecting department, through the floor of which the fire had burned, and partially destroyed the supports of the table on which the bodies lay, causing it to induce towards the hole. ' Eugene Sue, Privat d'Anglemont, or any other purveyor of Paris horrors, could hardly have discovered in the laby- months of low life, which they described with such minuteness, anything more tragically sinister than an incident which lately occurred in a wine-shop. An itinerant fiddler who had been temporarily engaged in the so-called orchestra to a dingy dancing hall in the Rue de Oharen ton was going home after midnight. A woman he met insisted upon going into a wine tavern for the purpose of imbibing a horrible and suicidal compound known among the lower orders as the " midnight absinthe," or absinthe de minuet. This consists of pure absinthe, commingled not with harmless water, but with strong white wine, the habitual tippling of which is as certain to lead to lunacy as is indulgence in absinthe Itself. The fiddler objected to the drink, and a dispute arose between him and the female, who pulled out a knife and stabbed the man in the arm. A few days later the ill-fated violinist expired in excruciating agony. The knife with which he had been stabbed was poisoned, but this was discovered too late. The woman has so far escaped from the hands of justice. Sons of the great novelist of the 19th century are engaged in the lucrative business of " stock and station agents " in Victoria. Edward Bulwer Lytton Dickens manages the Melbourne branch of the business, while Alfred Tennyson Dickens represents the firm in the important pastoral centre of Hamilton. A son of Anthony Trollope has a sheep station in the northern colony of Queensland. The Duke of Manchester, the Earl of Denbigh, and the Earl of Winchilsea, are interested in pastoral properties in the same colony. President Cleveland still fights shy of mounting a saddle-horse, though he is a member of the Washington Hiding Academy, and a horse is kept there for him. A Washington man says that he is not afraid of the horse so much as of the " notoriety of appearing in public in the attitude of a jockey ;" and he is also said to have an idea that he would cut a comical figure on horseback. Mrs Cleve- land is reported as being very anxious to tide, but is restrained by the fear of notoriety, It is not asserted by anyone that Mrs. Cleveland thinks she wouldn't look well on horseback. Prince Bismarck maintains that the acquirement of languages does not imply talent. He thinks the ear rather than the mind is cultivated by a linguist. A consul recently appointed to Berlin pestered his Minister to present him to Bismarck. At length an in ferries was granted, and, throwing etiquette aside, the consul brought his son with him Bismarck looked annoyed, but the consul boldly presented his hair, with the remarks : " A most remarkable young man, Your Highness-he speaks several languages.'" "What's fine waiter the young fellow would make," said Bismarck, coldly, to the Minister at his side. 'a .'' J ' M Kyrle Bellew, the English gaoler, is having an eventful one in the United States. Some weeks ago be obtained a divorce from his wife, and now another piece of intelligence concerning him is current. It appears that a young lady named Henrietta Coffin became madly in- fatuated with him. Kyrie Bellew did not reciprocate her love, and now Miss (Coffin is verifying the truth of the words that " Hell has no fury like a woman scorned" by searching for him with a pistol Bellew is the leading man in Mrs. James Brown Potter's company, now performing in Chicago, to which town Miss Coffin; has gone. The police there are keeping a sharp eye on her movements, and the actor has the theatre carefully examined for the lady before the curtain rises each night. t I Henry Irving has a mania for rehearsing his company. It is related that there was once in his employ at the Lyceum a carpenter who knew most of Hamlet's lines, and who had a habit of reciting them with only himself for audience. Left alone on the stage one day, he improved the occa sion by a sepulchral declamation of the Ghost s long speech. Presently Hamlet's cue came, and "Horrible, most, hor- rible " broke on the astonished ear of the carpenter ' ghost as Irving himself ; wakool on. The ghost dropped his tools, and fled, but everybody around the theatre declared that had he stuck to his,, post his manager would undoubtedly have, re- hearsed the whole scene with the utmost gravity of ,, a, ' ii In a short article on a discussion which has recently been going on in English medical circles on the question, whether the study of music is really an aid to the memory, "Scrutator," "In,,IVutT», men- tions two extraordinary examples of acute memory in musicians. Mr. Parratt, of the Chapel Royal, "can, play, blindfold Bach's fugues on the organ and two games of chess simultaneously. Dr. , Richter knows by heart all Wagner's operas and all Beethoven's symphonies, and some years ago he corrected from recollection Costa's extraordinary incorrect version of Lohengrin. , , -. Old Edward Blinkhorn, the' famous Yorkshire trainer,, used to delight in telling the following story, which is about as good an illustration of the canny, tyke as we have met with. ', in his younger days he had been sent by his master to bring home a brood mare and a foal, and on the road back had fallen so short of money that he had not even " the price of a pint " in his pocket. We will pro ceed in his own racy vernacular. "It was a very hot and dusty day, and I had not a penny left in all God's earth, and I wor so vary , dry ; so on we travelled, very slow. At last we come to a public-house, and there were two carters just drove up in' two loads hay, and one said brother, Sam, be that thee V and Sam said Aye, all that's left of' me. We may be a drink together.' 'Sure,' says Dick, We must 1' Now them words sounded very bonny in my ears, for Lwor very dry, and I had not a penny in all t' world. So I gave a little lad "crowd mare to hold, and into the public-house I goes. There was a quart of ale just filled with such a cauliflower head a-top, oh, it looked bonny ! and I was so very dry. Sam was just lifting it to his mouth when a thought struck me, and I said Stop a bit young man, I want to be a wager with' you. You see,' so I, as that quart of ales full up to t' top. Now I wager you this penny I drink exactly half a' that-no more no less.' You will' see he done so' you 1 ' So I lifts the quart to my mouth, for I wor vary dry, and takes a long breath and then a long pull. Oh, it did go down, for I wor vary dry. A little drop work left at t' bottom. Sam looked into the pot, and then at me, ' You've lost,' ses he Right,' ses I, " and there's my penny. ' But you'll have to pay for another quart,' ses he. That wasn't in the bargain,' ses J. ' I never said I should pay for it' liquor.' And while Sam was scratched' his head trying to make it out, I took t' own mare and foal, and trudged on my way feeling' ever so much better." i, n The latest folly of English fashion is thus amusingly illustrated by Modern Society :-" Not long since, the attrac- tion, at a certain fashionable south- coast watering-place, was a sweet young widow, who caused male hearts to vibrate with twenty horse-power rapidity, and feminine jealousy to boil and bubble, by displaying a pair of dainty patent leathers and a symptom of black silk stockings in a neat Victoria, in which she drove about the town. One day, however, her horse took fright, the Victoria overturned, and the lady fell into the gutter. When the vehicle was raised up, a cry arose from the crowd, for lo and behold the peri of the parade had left her carriage tootsicums (No. l's) behind her, while with her own naturalness.) C's, she was seen to make a smart bee-line from the spot to her hotel. The deceiver promptly vanished, and has never been there since." A son of Sydney Smith's inherited a good deal of his father's wit. Like other residents of Yorkshire, the youth was given to indulge in horses talk. At a particular dinner he was to be seated next to the Bishop of London, and his father warned him, that he would have to avoid the " stables " in his conversation, and have recourse to something more scriptural. Young Smith showed that the hint was not lost upon him, for the first question which he put to the right reverend prelate was, "Pray, Bishop, how long do you think it took Nebuchadnezzar to get into condition after he came from grass ?" ¡ Pasted over the desk of the chief- reporter of a Georgia paper, are the following instructions, which the reporters are expected to follow in the preparation of "copy:" "All brides are 'lovely, beautiful, and accomplished,' except they be old widows, and then they are amiable and cultivated.' All merchants who advertise are ' enterprising, wide- awake and a credit to our city.' The names of those who do not advertise must not appear in our paper. All old lawyers are able and worthy of a place on the Supreme bench.' Young lawyers are promising and silvory-tsngaod.' Con- ductors on passenger trains are gentlemanly and courteous,' Doctors are 'eminent.' Farmers are 'intelligent Candidates who put their announcements in our paper are gaining ground every day. Those who do not announce are likely to be defeated. Under no circumstances must these rules be broken. F. MEDOTXTON PRYOR, editor and pro- prietor." To a Pall Mall Gazette interviewer, Mrs. Shaw, the American whistling lady, has said that she was a Detroiter, and had lived among musicians all her life. When she was 10 months old she whistled instead of crying, and when she had children of her own she whistled them to sleep with sweet lullaby. About a year ago Mrs. Shaw determined to put her gift to some useful purpose, and went into training with a musical professor. Whistling by car was all very well for domestic music, but for the concert hall and the evening party every note, had to be rendered correctly to be effective. One of the great difficulties which Mrs. Shaw had to contend with at first was the tendency of her audience to laugh at such an odd entertainment, but any tendency of that sort vanished after a few bars from that wonderful 'labial orchestra. He asked Mrs. Shaw if ladies could learn to whistle, and understood her to say that the art would be difficult of acquirement without some natural gift. The advice She gives to aspirants is, " never prepare to pucker," by which she means that the lips must fall into their note-producing position quite easily and naturally." Una Shaw never whistles on an empty stomach and lie over takes stimulants. Her lips seldom get but of order, but a little wind or even draught dries them and makes her much difficult. 