CHAPTER XI. A FACE FROM THE PAST. So beautiful and fascinating Lady Ruth was married at last, and her husband almost came up to her expectations. Good looking, very wealthy, and not old, Wilson Gray satisfied her ladyship in every respect save one, and his solitary deficiency did not cause her any great uneasiness, for her knowledge of the world and great intelligence told her that very seldom indeed do women win husbands who come up to their ideals in every respect. From the moment that Lady Ruth was in- troduced to Wilson she resolved to marry him. He had never broken the cold crust of worldliness in which her heart was imbedded as a diamond is pent in a shell of common earth; but marriage with him promised her a life of refinement and luxury, rich jewels and splendid costumes, without which things she could not imagine any life worth living. Lady Ruth had thrown aside Walter Gray deliberately, yet not without much regret. She was sorry for Walter's sake, and her own also, that his cousin had come back. Con- sidering the matter shortly after meeting Wilson Gray she thought how pleasant it would have been could she have had the man she loved, and the good things that wealth brings also. How foolish her lover was to throw away a fortune, and thus force her to reject him. At this period Ruth Gordon's love for Walter Gray must have been but a delicate, dwarfish passion, for it permitted her with- out a struggle to give him up and wed his cousin because of his fortune. With her love was not more than life—not even more than a life of splendid indolence. Those who have felt the lack of affection hunger for love, just as those who have felt want's keen tooth hunger for riches; and so it was with Ruth Gordon. Poverty had been the ghost of her childhood, youth, and womanhood, and she hated the foul thing with a bitter hatred. Lack of gold had bred a love of it, and the possession of riches might set her athirst for affection's sweet draught. Wilson Gray's wild youth had debarred him from making the routine tour of the Continent, and he resolved to do so during his honeymoon. To this idea Lady Ruth accorded a full consent, and the newly married pair visited the beauty spots of Europe. They spent a delightful week in Venice, the city of bridges and ruined palaces, wherein Shakspeare lays the scene of more than one of his plays. They visited Athens and Rome, around which so many classic memories cluster, and all this afforded a splendid opportunity to Lady Ruth of ex- huming her classic lore. Lady Ruth had been to the Empire City half a dozen times at least; she was familiar with all its antiquities, and acting as cicerone, she pointed out the strip of pavement sole remnant of Titus' Baths; the plinths of the two columns now remaining of the portico of Nero's Golden House; the Temple of Venus; the Arch of Titus, where the best of Rome's emperors may be seen on an eagle rising to heaven, and they watched the super- stitious Roman mothers bring their babes to the shrine of Sto Tho Solo. Wilson Gray was very happy at this time. The easy luxurious life he was leading lulled conscience to sleep, and the glamour of his beautiful wife's presence lifted him above the past with its follies, troubles, and penuriousness. And Lady Ruth was almost happy also. Wed to a man who loved her well enough to gratify every desire to which she gave ex- pression, the first months of married life seemed pleasant indeed. Not so thrillingly sweet as the young girl's who has married for love alone, but still sweet enough to please exceedingly. She who had felt the damning touch of small means all her life, and had been cursed with a strong wish for those things which wealth alone can purchase, now found herself able to minister to each whim as it arose. If Lady Ruth did not love Wilson Gray he never dreamt of such a thing. Handsome still, and as vain of his good looks and dis- tinguished manner as he had been in youth, he felt certain that his wife adored him. He told himself with an inward glow of satisfac- tion that he had subdued Ruth's heart and won her affection the first time they met on Etretat's rough beach. Their marriage was quite a romantic affair—a pure love-at-first- sight event. Could not be otherwise or an Earl's daughter had not stooped to a com- moner like himself. Lady Ruth was fully aware that her hus- band cherished these illusions, and she did what she could to foster them. 'Tis so easy for a woman, especially a beautiful one, to simulate affection. Accord with one's likes and dislikes; soft words lowly spoken; quick glad glances from bright, lovely eyes; cares- sing touches of a little warm, white soft hand that thrill the recipient, and the thing is done. There are tricks in all trades, and even the gentle craft of love is not without them. Without an effort Lady Ruth did all that a loving spouse could desire. If she did not love Wilson she was grateful to him for lift- ing her above her previous shabby titled gen- tility, and gratitude is nearer to love than even pity is, though certain great writers aver the opposite. Whilst their honeymoon was young Wilson and his wife received glad news. In a well which Walter Gray had ordered to be sunk for the Aldayne villagers a valuable seam of coal had been found, and already several mining capitalists had made offers for the coal. Further boring in the well discovered more coal seams, and Mr. Josiah Jellie, Wilson's steward, calculated that the Aldayne estate was enriched to the extent of a couple of hundred thousand pounds by the dis- covery. Knowing that large fortunes were to be made out of coal mines, Wilson resolved to work the mines himself rather than let or sell them. Having full confidence in his agent's fidelity and business tact, he advised Jellie to engage a clever mining engineer to supervise the sinking of shafts to the coal, and all else necessary. He was advised by Lady Ruth to particularly state that the pits were to be sunk as far as possible from Aldayne Priory, so that the fine old place would not be deteriorated by their existence. This fresh accession of wealth caused Wilson and his wife to stay in Rome longer, and live even more magnificently than before. They spent the winter in the classic city, re- turning to Aldayne Priory in the summer of the following year. Wilson felt better satis- fied with the world and himself than he had done for many years, and he contemplated their return to England with pleasure. In the quietness of Aldayne Priory he would have his beautiful wife to himself, and abroad she was always surrounded by distinguished men attracted by her superb beauty. After a strange, wild, hard, adventurous career, Wilson intended to settle down into a respectable country gentleman. In his earlier days he had often wondered how men could suffer themselves to be tied down to some quiet, out- of-the-world spot, and now he realized for the first time that he would be satisfied to let life drift by at Aldayne Priory, his sole companion his charming wife. There was another reason why Wilson Gray and her ladyship should leave the Continent at the time when it was most attractive. An important family event was expected before autumn, and Lady Ruth was naturally desirous that her accouchement should take place at Aldayne rather than in an hotel abroad. So they returned to England, and each of them wondered at the changes that had taken place since they left it a year or nearly so before. Lady Ruth left London to get away from the gossip caused by her matrimonial contretemps; had fled with her discreet mother to a quiet French watering-place; and then circumstance, taking the form of illness, drove the new owner of Aldayne Priory to her feet, and she had graciously permitted him to marry her. Strangely enough Wilson Gray had suc- ceeded his cousin in love as well as in fortune, but of the former fact Wilson was still un- conscious; nor was it probable that Lady Ruth would remove his ignorance on that point. Very soon after their introduction she had questioned Wilson adroitly concern- ing his cousin, and she learned that Walter had not made his engagement known to his relative. Aldayne Priory, Aldayne village, and the country around were looking well, if not their best. The lanes along which they rode from the station were fresh and green, as were the flower-speckled fields behind them. The village houses looked trim and com- fortable, though each family in the hamlet had to live on something under a pound a week; and the newly whitewashed farm- houses seemed even more pretty than the village cots. An afternoon sun was bathing the south- western side of the Priory in a bright flood of light, and the towering full foliaged trees, the green well-kept lawn, the flower-beds ablaze with early flowers enhanced the beauty of the fine old pile. "By Jove! Ruth, but the house looks well," said Wilson, as be helped her ladyship out of the carriage. "I had no idea the place was so pretty." "I think it simply perfect, Wilson." "It is, dear. My cousin showed his good taste in selecting such a place. That big- leaved ivy which covers nearly all the front wall is delicious. It would delight the very soul of one of those aesthetic fellows, wouldn't it?" "'Twould move to rapture too deep for words that long-haired individual we met at Athens, who was continually treating us to monologues on the potency of the beautiful as a civilising agency," said Lady Ruth, smiling. "Yes, yes, I remember him, darling," laughed Wilson. "But I always imagined that he thought more of your beautiful self than of any other abstract idea. Don't you think so. But let us go in. I am sure you must be fatigued with your journey. We will look round the Priory when you have rested your- self." They passed in to the house, where a crowd of servants welcomed them, and after they had rested and refreshed themselves and re- moved the dust of travel from their clothes and persons, Wilson proudly showed his charming wife through the splendid place that henceforth was to be their home. "I used to wonder and sneer at my early aristocratic friends when they professed to love their ancient homes and acres; but now I understand the feelings that prompted them. I have began to cherish a liking for the Priory already, Ruth." "Indeed, I trust that you will give me no cause to be jealous," said Ruth, archly. Wilson kissed his wife, and continued, "I can already fancy the Priory filled with our descendants." "You've a fruitful imagination, Wilson." "Yes, I have, Ruth. You seem to have given me a new lease of life. I have verified the Biblical text, 'Out of evil cometh good.'" "Why, how do yon make that out?" "Oh, easily enough, my dear." "Do tell me, Wilson." "Well, if I had not fallen ill last year my physician would never have advised me to go to the Continent for a month or two, and then I should not have gone to Etretat, and have met, loved, woo'd, and won you there, as I had the good luck to do." "I see, but still if you had not met me at Etretat you would, almost certainly, have met me elsewhere." "But isn't it strange what trivial things pro- duce great events? About eighteen months ago I was having a glass of ale in a beerhouse in Melbourne. I had no matches, so got a scrap of paper to light my pipe, and on it I found the intelligence of my father's death. After my father died nearly six years passed without my hearing of it. But for picking up that bit of paper I should probably be in Australia now, darling, far away from Aldayne Priory and your charming self. "'A divinity doth shape our ends,' says Shakspeare, and in your case it seems tree, Wilson, doesn't it?" "It does, dear, and I am inclined to be- lieve that it is so; but, as I was about to remark a bit since when you interrupted me, I was a terribly wild fellow a score of years ago, and an awful Radical as well. Now, I have changed entirely. I used to go in for Socialism and that sort of thing, but I like to think of the Priory as the particular appa- nage of our eldest son, Ruth, and his eldest son after him." "All successful men incline to aristocratic Conservatism," laughed her ladyship. "And I am certainly a successful one." "Where Is your kinsman, Mr. Gray?" said Ruth, turning the subject. "Oh, he is down in Lancashire, I suppose, busy at his collieries. Do you know him?" "Yes, I am acquainted with him. I met him at Olsham Hall, Sir Wilton Haigh's place, last year but one." "Walter is a splendid fellow. Only fancy his handing over the property to me as he did. I hadn't the slightest legal claim to my father's belongings, but he didn't consider that at all. He's a noble fellow. I'll ask him to spend a few weeks here in the autumn for the shooting, eh, Ruth?" "Certainly," answered Lady Ruth, but she did not relish the idea of meeting Walter Gray, and especially at Aldayne Priory. "I have often wondered what prompted my cousin to purchase an estate out of his native shire. But I am glad that he bought the Priory. It does credit to his taste, doesn't it, darling?" But Ruth vouchsafed no reply to her husband's interrogation. She knew what prompted Walter Gray to purchase Aldayne Priory, but she did not tell Wilson, as the information might not have been satisfactory. She it was who induced her husband's cousin to buy the Priory as their future home, and her conscience smote her as she remembered how basely she had treated him. "I suppose, Wilson, you will be entering Parliament now. You might contest this division of the county next election." "I don't think I will dear. I am quite contented to settle down as a country gentle- man. I've not much taste for politics." "But you are quite young yet, Wilson, and I know you are ambitious, and if you enter Parliament we could have a house in Grosvenor-square, or in Prince's Gate, and that would be very nice and convenient for you." Shortly before his return to England from Rome, Wilson's agent had written to him saying that the shafts were sunk as he had ordered, and coal was being brought to the surface. The pits had been sunk at the very edge of the Aldayne domain, more than a couple of miles from the Priory, from the windows of which not a trace of them could be seen, as half a mile of lofty, well-timbered ground lay between the pits and the house. The opening of mines close to Aldayne Village had stirred up the hamlet to sudden life. New rows of houses had sprung up for the miners who had flowed into the district, and several shops and beerhouses, all of which pleased Wilson much, for it meant so much more addition to his income. The morning following their arrival at the Priory Wilson pressed his wife to visit the pits, but she declined on the plea of fatigue. So Wilson resolved to go himself, and kissing his wife tenderly, he whistled to his dog, Ajax, a magnificent mastiff he had given many pounds for, and passed out of the low window on to the lawn. The morn was fine and warm, and the dog whisked joyously round his master's legs. Wilson's previous stay at the Priory had made him sufficiently acquainted with the country around to know where the pits were. The path lay along deep, shady old lanes, pleasant meadows, and green cornfields, and the bonny morning accorded well with Wil- son's spirits. He was contrasting the past with the present, and was much satisfied thereby. After twenty years of hard, bitter experience he had drifted at last into a haven of peace, beauty, and plenty. A few fields' breadths ahead Wilson saw a tall chimney, from which there issued a thick column of black smoke, and he knew the pits were close by. He was paying an unofficial visit to the pits, having informed neither his agent nor Mine Manager of his coming. It was a new sensation for him to feel himself the employer of hundreds of men, and the feeling was not an unpleasant one. After a quarter of a century of abject dependency, he found himself a big capitalist, a landowner —one with a stake in the country. A little farther on Wilson met two colliers coming from the pits. His workmen, he thought, and as he passed the grimy-faced miners he greeted them pleasantly with— "A fine morning, lads. Done soon, haven't you?" "Too soon, mester, rayther," one of the men growled, "fur us to ha' getten anny money." The other pitman spoke not, but stared at Wilson. Then sudden light came into his eyes, and he blurted out— "Ah thowt ah knowed yo', yo're Bob Wilson; han yo' forgotten Sam Yates!" "And is it really you, Sam? On my word, I did not know you with your black face." A white hand and a black one met. "It's me sure enuff, Bob," Sam said, as Wilson shook his old mate heartily by the hand, "Wheer han yo' bin aw this time, an' what are yo' doin'?" Wilson did not answer instantly. He was just awaking to an ugly fact. He had been an ungrateful dog, and all along he had plumed himself on his open-handed genero- sity. "Ah s'pose yo' didn't get yo're fortin', Bob? Thowt yo' wouldn't. Yo're reet, mon, ah know, but fortins is hard to get howd on." "I got the fortune, Sam, and I'm the most ungrateful wretch alive. Glad I've met you, for it's not too late yet. I suppose you work at my collieries?" "Yo're pits?" stammered Sam. "Yes, Sam, mine. Where do you live?" "Int' village." "You know where the Priory is?" "Sartingly." "Then go there and ask for me this after- noon at 3. But don't ask for Bob Wilson, Sam, or they won't admit you. Ask for Mr. Gray. Good morning, and don't forget to be there." At 3 o'clock prompt the rough-clad quaint- spoken Lancashire pitman presented at the Priory. A gorgeous lackey showed him into a splendid room, which poor Sam entered as a sinner might enter heaven. Wilson and Lady Ruth were in the room, and he had evidently been relating his gold- digging experiences at Urrariro Creek to her, for when Sam came in, Wilson exclaimed— "Ruth, this is my old chum, Sam Yates, who acted so nobly at the card table when I had lost every farthing I possessed, and when I lost his little fortune also he never even grumbled. Sam, this is my wife." Sam stared for just an instant at the beau- tiful vision before him, then his eyes fell abashed. The woman beside him seemed splendid enough for an angel. Lady Ruth held out a soft white hand, and Sam pressed it tenderly in his hard-brown palm, almost fearing to crush it. Then Wilson said— "I owe you, Sam, something over three thousand pounds—call it five with the interest. Here is a cheque for five thousand, payable to you. Take it and call us square." "But," gasped Sam. "Not a word against it, old fellow. I could give you fifty thousand instead of five, and not feel the loss. Take it, and I need not say take care of it. Rough, simple, and un- cultured you may be, Sam, but I've learned more than one good lesson from my old chum, the Lancashire pitman." Lady Ruth also pointed out that Sam ought to take the cheque as his due, and then, of course, he gave way. Her ladyship was very kind and gracious to Sam, without being patronising, a thing that he was quick to note. She even asked him to stop for a cup of tea, and what could the poor fellow do. So for once—perhaps the first time—Sam drank a cup of real tea. Perhaps her ladyship had reason for being so gracious to one of the villagers. That day never passed from Sam's memory. Nor was he ever tired of praising his old chum and his angel-like wife. To Sam each of them was perfect. They were spotless suns to him. Wilson Gray devoted himself assiduously to his varied duties, striving to be just and generous to all beneath him. The beautiful summer was succeeded by a beautiful autumn. Then Wilson Gray sent his cousin, Walter Gray, a hearty invitation to visit Aldayne Priory for the partridge-shooting, but the young mineowner declined on the plea of being very busy. Perhaps he did not like meeting Ruth. Towards the end of September Lady Ruth was confined, and to Wilson's great joy the child was a boy. Ruth was strong though her babe was but weakly, and Wilson at once wrote to Walter telling him in exulting strains that a son and heir was born to him, and that he was going to call his lad Walter Gray to show how he esteemed his cousin. Walter congratulated his relative on his accession to paternal honours; and after he had shown his wife his cousin's letter Wilson went for a stroll through the park adjoining and belonging to the Priory. Wilson had not been very well of late. For weeks previous to Ruth's confinement he had been nervous and irritable, as though he apprehended some calamity. His wife noticed Wilson's brooding manners, and attributed them to her own condition, and when her babe was born he became more cheerful and his nervousness and irritability almost disappeared. 'Twas a beautiful autumn afternoon. The rich red sunlight fell through the brown- leaved trees, making a variegated patch- work of shine and shade on the green sward. But the beauty of the day was lost on Wilson Gray, for his eyes had a faraway look in them, as though he were mentally reviewing some incident of his wild, adventurous life. He strode moodily along; went on right through the park into the fields beyond. Under the shadow of a tall hedge, where the grass was green and luxuriant, he flung him- self with a deep sigh, and, hiding his face in his hands, muttered "Strange that I could forget my vices for so many years, and that they should rise to trouble me now," and he brushed something like a tear from his cheek. Along the path skirting the cornfield a young woman came slowly. She seemed about one or two and twenty, and was dressed in a plain brown dress and broad straw hat. But her simple attire did not hide her lithe and shapely form, and the un- trimmed straw hat only set off her sweet face beneath it, as a fern sets off a rose. 'Twas a remarkable face, and once seen was likely to linger long in one's memory. About blue- veined temples and low-white brow there clustered soft curls of tawny yellow hair. Exquisitely moulded features, a pure white skin, and, singularly enough, jet black eye- brows, formed a strange and captivating face. She came on till she reached the spot where Wilson sat; then she stopped. Right in front of her were two paths, one leading to Aldayne Park, the other across the fields. She hesitated as though considering which one to take, and perceiving Wilson she coughed slightly to attract his attention, and her cough had the desired effect. Startled from his reverie, Wilson looked up, and his eyes rivetted themselves on the young woman's face with a fearful stare, as though he were gazing upon some terrible phantom, and not a comely being of flesh and blood. She was so frightened by the man's manner that she could utter no word, and she gazed at him with distended eyes, and this seemed to make him worse. With a bound Wilson sprung to his feet and with an awful cry exclaimed, "Good God! it's Alice! it's Alice!" and then he fell into a fit among the long rank grass. The woman turned as though to flee from the spot, then seeing a man coming through the fields she shouted to him and he ran to her. "What's the matter?" he asked. "This man is in a fit, I think. He was sitting here when I came along, and just as I was about to ask him the way to Aldayne Village he fell. Do you know him?" "Yes, it is Wilson Gray, the master of Aldayne Priory," said the man bending over the unconscious figure. "Are you going to the village?" "Yes?" "Well, go along that way and you'll see some men working in a field farther on. Tell them to come here at once." The woman departed, told the men, and Wilson Gray was carried senseless to the Priory. The village doctor was called in, and when Wilson came out of the fit he was insane. He was not violent, but he re- cognised none of those about him, and he babbled continually to himself like a child. Sweet Lady Ruth Gray did not go mad when she heard of her husband's disaster, as some thought she would have done, nor did she even faint when the eminent physicians from London told her that they had but slight hopes of Wilson's recovery, as his reason seemed quite gone. She made some show of sorrow, but her tears disappeared when the doctors left. Ruth had never loved her husband. The only man she had ever loved was her hus- band's cousin, Walter Gray, and she won- dered how she would stand supposing Wilson died. Had he made a will? How had he disposed of his vast fortune? Thus she sat calculating, and thinking that if Wilson died and left her his fortune perhaps Walter Gray might again ask her to be his wife, and he need not fear that he would be jilted a second time. The pain she had caused him should be atoned for by a life of love. She would show him how a woman could love—how he had been loved all along. Circumstance, she said to herself, had parted her lover and herself, and it would perhaps bring them together once more. How fondly she hoped so. Evil fortune, chance circumstance, call it what you will, was bringing out the devil in Lady Ruth's character. 