Couteb XX.—I Jjoea xt Bout. I lingered, I daresay, above twenty Atinntos contemplating this singular crystal fossil of a ship, and considering whether I rfionld go down to her and ransack her for whatever might answer my turn. Bat she looked so darkly secret under her white garb, and there was something so terrible in the aspect of the motionless snow-clad sentinel who leaned upon tho rail, that my heart ailed me, and I very easily persuaded myself to believe that, first, it would toko me longer to penetrate and search her than it was proper I should be away from the boat; that, atcond, it was scarce to he supposed her crew had left any provisions in her, or that, if stores there were, they would be fit to est; had that, finally, my boat was so small it would be rash to put into her the most triflinglmatter that was nut essential to the preservation of my life. So, concluding to have nothing to do with tb t ghostly sparkling fabric, 1 started fur th< body under the rock, and, with some pain -sad staggering, theioe being very jagged, lumpish, and dsoeitfnl to the tread, arrived •at it. ' •’ - __ •inklkked br ^eoWsnaafmsstvritlx tbs aoAar. Nothing but the desiro to possess the line warm cloak could havu tempted mo to handle or even to ‘cast my eye upon tl.e dead »um again I found mynelf more wand by him now than at iinit. Ui« attitude wa« so life like Unit, though I knew him to be a corpse, tmd he men on a sudden the uurprino of it oould hanlly have shocked me more than the astonishment his posture rawed. Ah a skeleton he could not have ?o eliiUcd and awed me; but so ■well preserved was Ids flesh f Vi* ^hat it was hanl to persuade myself ho wa*» not breathing, and that, though he feigned to be gazing down wards, he was not secretly observing iue. Ilia beard was frozen as hard oh a bush, nmi u cindded unpleasantly to the movement °* »y hand*, which I was obliged to force under it to unhook the silver chain that eon *med tlie cloak about his neck. I felt like a thief, and stole a glance over either shoulder, as though, forsooth, some strangely-clad companion of his should be croepiug upon me unawjire>. Then, thought 1, since I have the cloak I may as well take the watch, flask, aud tobacco-box, as I hud before resolved; and so 1 dipped my hand into his jsxikets, and without another glance at his flereo, still face made for the boat. 1 now noticed for the first time, so over* wuelmingly had my discoveries occupied mv attention, that the wind had freshened and was blowing briskly and piercingly. When 1 had first, skirted upon the ascent of the slojx.% tlje wind had merely wrinkled the swell ils the large bodies ran; but those wrinkles h ad become little seas, which flashed into foam after a short nee, and the whole surface of tile ocean was a brilliant blue tremble. I came to a halt to view tin* north cast sky }>eforc the brow of the i\\*eks hid it, and saw that clouds were congregating there, and snuc of them blowing up to where the sun hung, these resembling in shape and colour Hie compact putf of the first discharge ui camion tK-lore the smoke spread* on the air* What should I do? 1 Kink into u miserable perplexity. If it was going to blow what gi»od could attend my departure fn>m this island ? It wum an adverse wind, nnd when it freshened I could not choose hut run before it. and that. would drive mo clean nwav from the direction I required to steer in. let if I w;us to wait upon the weather, for how long- should I be kept a prisoner in this horrid place? True, a southerly wind might spring up to-morrow, but it might be otherwise, or romp in a hard gale; and if I faltered now I might go on hesitating-, and tlion my provisions would give out, nud Gtd alone knows how it would end with me. Besides, the presence of tlie two I todies made tlie island fearful to my imagination, and nature clamoured in me "to lw gone, a sum* ni<ms mv judgrmuit could not resist, for reason often misleads, but instincts never, I fell again to my downward march and looked towards my’boat—tliat in to k»v, I look's! towards the part of the ice where the little haven in which she lay had been, and I found Both boat and haven 'gone J 1 nihl)pd mv eyes and stored again. Tush, thought I, 1 am d<-;eived hy the ice. I ghuieisl at Uic slope behind to keep me to my i tearing.*, and ont o more sought the haven"; but Lhe nxi tlait had formed it w.-is gone, the blue swell rolled brimming past tlio Hue of si:ore there, and my eye, following the swung of a fold. I saw the boat about three cables length distant out. upiu the water, swinging vtcadily away into the south. and showing and disappearing with the heave. rhtf d«id man’s cloak fell from my arm : I uttered a cry of anguish; I clasped mv hand* and lifted them U» God, and looked up to ilim.^ I was for kicking oil my boots and plunging into the water, but, mad as I was. I was not so mad as Unit; and mad I should have been to attempt it. for l could not swim twenty strokes, a:ul had 1 been the stoutest swimmer that over breasted tlte suit spiny, thy cold must spc<-dily put an end to my Mliat was to be done?' Nothing ! I could only look idly at the recoding b.eit with reeling brain. The full blast of the wind wjls upon her, and helping the driving action of the billows. 1 perceived that she was irrecoverable, aud vet 1 stood watching, watching. wat« liing my head burning with the surging* of twenty impracticable s<du*xn(*s. I cast myself down and wept, stood up afresh and looked at the lx Kit, then cried to God for help aud mercy, bringing my hand* to my throbbing temples, and m that’posture straining my eyes at the fast vanishing ! structure. She was the only ho]*e I hud—my j sole chance. My little stock of provision* was in her—oh, what was 1 to do ? Though I was at some distance from the place where what I have called my- luivcn Lad been, there was no need for me to approach it to understand how iny mis fortune had come about. It was likely enough that the very crevice in which 1 had jammed the mast to secure the lx>at by was a deep crock that the increased swell had wholly split, so that the mast had tumbled when the* rock Coated away and liberated the The horror tliat this white and frightful t*ccne of desolation had at the beginning tilled me with was renewed witli such violence when I saw that iny boat was lost, and I was to be u prisoner on the dtath-huuutod wa.^u*. that I fell down in u sort of swoon, like one jiurtly nmined, und had any jierrpou oumo along and soon me, lit* would have thought me us dead as the* body on the hill or the corpse that ke*pt its dismal look-out from the deck of the schooner. Ify senses presently returning, I got up, and, the rock upon which I stood being level, I fell to jiocing it with my hands locked be hind me, my head sunk, lost in thought. The wind was steadily freshening ; it split with a howling noise upon the ioe-cnur» and tin- ; equal surfaces, and spun witli a Hollow note past my ear; and the thunder of the breakers on the other side of the island was deepening it* tone. The sea was lifting and whitening ; something of mistiness had grown up over the horizon, that made a blue dulness of the junction of the dements them ; hut though a few clouds out of the collection of rajxjur in the north-oast hod floated to the zenith and •were sailing down to the south-west heaven, the aznro remained pore and the sun very 1 frostily white and sparkling. I am writing u strange story with the utmost candour, and trust that the reader will not judge me severely for my confession of weakness, or consider mo as wanting in the stuff out of which the hardy seaman is made, j for owning to having shed tears and been stunned by the loss of my little boat and slender stock of food. You will say, ‘It is not in the power of the dead to hurt n man ; what more pitiful and harmless titan a poor unburied corpse?* I answer, 4 True/ and declare that of the two bodice, as dead men, I was not afraid; but this maas of frozen ooHtude was ubout them, and they took a frightful character from it; they communi cated an element of death to the desola tion of the snow-clad island ; their presence made u iirincipality of it for the souls of dead nailora, and into their lifelike stillness it put iia own supernatural spirit of loneliness ; bo that to my imagination, disordered by Buffering und exposure, this melancholy region appeared a scene without parallel on the face of the globe, a place of doom and madams, as dreadful and wild at* the highest mood of the poet could roach up to. By this time the boat was out of right. I looked and looked, bat she wu« gone. Then came iny good nmgel to my help and put some courage into me. 4 After all/ thought I, 4 what do I dread 7 Death ? It can but come to that. It is not. long ago that Captain Rosy cried to me, ‘ * A mat» cam die hnt once, JleU not perish the quicker for con~ templating hit end with a i lout heart.1* He that so spoke is dead. The worst is over for him. Were he a babe renting upon his mother’s br-oast ho could not slt«p more soundly, be more tenderly Jailed, nor bo freer from such anguish as now afflicts me who cling to life, os if this—this/ I cried, looking around me, 4 were a paradise ot warmth and beauty. 1 must be a man, uric God for courage to meet whatever may betide, and utoutly endure what cannot be evaded.’ DonotfmOeat the rimplo thought* of a poor castaway sailor. I hold them still to be good reasoning, and had my flerii been a* vtrong as my spirit they had availed, I don’! doubt. But I vm chilled to the marrow ; the mere knowing that there was nothing tc oat sharpened my appetite, and I felt as if 1 had not tasted food for a week; and here thco were pbyricial oondiriona which broke ruinously into philosophy an l btaggercil •riigioun trust. 3iy mil id went to the schooner, yet I felt iin extraordinary recoil within mo when 1 thought of Hojking an asylum in her. I bad tin* figure of her before my buicy, viewed the form of the man on her d<.V,k, and the idea of penetrating her dark interior and booking shelter in a fabric that time mid frost and death had wrought into a black mystery was dreadful to me. Nor was this all. It seemed like tho very hurt, expression of despair to Kiard that stirifcrss frame: to make a dwel ling-place, without prospect of deliverance, in that hollow of ioe; to l>ocomo in one sense a* dead us^ her lonely mariner, yet preserve all tlm sensibility of the living to a condition he was as unooUHciotts of jls tho ice that enclosisl him. It must Vhj done nevertheless, thought!; I shall certainly perish from exjKvmre if I linger here: l»erides, how do I know but that 1 may discover in that ship some means of escaping from the island ? Assuredly there was plenty of material in her for the building of a Twit, if 1 could meet with tools. Or possibly 1 might find a bout under hatches, for it was common for vessels of hqr class and in her time to stow their pinnaces in the hold, and, when tile necessity for using them nro-*o, to hoist them out and to^* them astern. d hese reflections somewhat heartened me, and also let me add that the steady mounting of the wind into a small gale served to reconcile me, not indeed to the loss erf my boat, but to my detention ; for though there might l>e a miserable languishing end for me here, 1 ! could not but l>cl»cve that there won certain | death, too. out there in that high swell uml in those sharpening peaks of water off whose foaming heads. the wind was blowing the spray. By which I mean the boat could not have played in such a wind ; she must have run, and by running have carried me into the stormier regions of the south, when?, even if she had lived, I must speedily have starved for victuals and perished of cold. Hope lives like a spark amid the very blankest embers of despondency. Twenty minutes before I lmd awakened from a sort of swiMii and was overwhelmed with misery: and now here was X taking a collected view of my situation, even to the extent of being willing to Kdievo that on the whole it was perhaps as well that I should have been hindered from putting to pen in my little egg shell. So at every step we rebel nt the shadowy conducting of the hand of God ; yet from every stage we arrive nt we look back and know the mid wo have travelled to he the right one, though we start afresh mutinously. Lord, what patience lmst 1 turned my Uuknpon the clamorous ocean and started to ascend the slope once more. ^Vlien I reached the brow of tlic cliffs I olKerved that the clouds had lost their fleccinev* and taken a riatiib tinge, ■ wero moving f.ist and crowding up the sky, inso mueh that the sun was leaping from one edge to another and darting a keen and frosty light upm the scene. 'Hie wind was bitterly cold, and .-creamed shrilly in tnv ears when I met the full tide of it. The cfiango was sudden, but. it did not surprise me." I knew these >ea«s and that our English April is not more capricious than the weather in them, only that here the sunny smile, though sparkling, is frostier than the kiss of death, and brief us the flight of a musket-ball, whilst the frowns njv block, savage and lasting. I bore tlie dead man’s cloak on my arm and helped myself along with the oar, and presently arrived at the brink of the slope in whose hollow lay the ship as in a cup. The wind in axle a noisy howling in her rigging, but the tackling won frozen so iron hard that ■ not a repo stirred, and the vane at the mast head was as motionless as any of the adjacent ; steeples* or pillars of ice. Sly heart was dis- I luayed again by the figure of the man. XIo wus more dreadful than the other boeanso of I the size to which tho frozen snow upon his! head, trunk and litnta had swelled liirn ; end tho half-rise of his face was particularly stavtling, us if ho were in the act of running his gaze softly upwards, That he should have died in that easy leaning posture was strange; however, I pnpposed, and no doubt rightly, that he lmd ln?en seized with a sudden faintness, and had leaned .upon the rail and so expire*!, Tlie cold would quickly make liim rigid and. likewise presence him', and thus he might have been leaning, cou teinplsiting the ice of tlie clitfs, for years and A wild and dreadful tiling for one in mv condition to light on cud be forced to think My heart, ns I have said, sank in me again at tlie right of him, and fear and awe and superstition so worked upon my spirits that T stood imxdute, and would have gone Kirk lmd there been any place to return to. I plucked up after a little, and, resiling up the clonk into a compact bundle, flung it with :dl my strength to the vessel, and It fell cleverly just within the rail. Then gripping tho oar 1 start* «d on tiie descent. The depth was not great nor tho declivity sharp; but the surface was formed of blocks of ice, like the collections of big stones you sometimes encounter on tlie sides of mountains Hear the base ; and I had again and again to fetch a compass so as to gain a smaller block down which to drop, till I was close to the vo-mJ, and here the snow hud piled and frozen into a smooth face. The ship hiy with a li.-t or inclination to larboard. I had come down to her on her starboard ride. She had small channels with long plates, but her list, on my side, hove them somewhat high, beyond my reach, and 1 perceived Unit to get abound I must seek an entrance on the larboard hand. This wad not hard to arrive at; indeed, I had but to walk round her, under her bows. She was so coated w ith hard snow I could see nothing of her timlKJTH, and was therefore unable to jruiws at tlie condition of her hull. She hud a most absurd swelling bilge, and her buttocks, viewed on a line with hex rudder, doubtless presented the exact upprarotiou of un apple. She was souk in snow to some planks a 1)0 vc the gar board -streak, bnt her lines forward were fine, making her almost wedge-shaped, though tlie flair of her bow* was profit, m tliat she swelled up i like a Ivilloon to the catheads. She had some- ! tiling of the look of the barca-longer* of half , u century ago—that is, half a century ago ! from the date of my adventure—but that ' which in sober truth a man would haw token her to be waft a vwisc.1 formed of anow, spurred and rigged with glass-like frosted ioe, the artistic caprice of tlie genius or spirit of this white and melancholy scene, who, to complete the mocking illusion, had fashioned the figure of a man to stand on deck, with n human fuoe toughened into an idle eternal contemplation. On the larboard hand the ice pressed dose against the vessels ride, some piece* ririug to the height of her wash-streak. The face of the hollow was precipitous hero, full of cracks and flaws and sharp projections. In deed, had the Ixeadth of tlie island been us it was at the extremity X might have counted upon the first violent commotion of tlie sea snapping thus part of tho ice, and converting the northern part of the body into a separate I climbed without difficulty into the fore j chains, the snow being so hard tliat my feet and hands made not the leant iinprwriun on it, and ■dcwiiat warily—feeing th- govern ment of a peculiar awe, mounting into a sort of terror indeed—etood awhile peering over the rail of the bulwarks; then entered the ship. I run mv ey« nwiftly here and tlicre, for indeed I did not know what might steal or leap into view. Let it be remembered tliat I was a sailor, with tho superstitious feelings of my calling in me, and though I do not know tliat I actually believed in ghosts and apparitions and spectrum*, yet I felt a* if I did ; particularly upon the deck of this silent ship, rendered spirit-like by the grave of ice in which she lay and by the brag years (ns I could nut doubt) during which nho had thus rested. Hence, when I slipped off tlie bulwark on to the dock and viewed the glia-stly, white, lonely scene, I frit for the moment as if this strange discovery of mine was not to be exhausted of it* wonders and terror* by the mere existence of the ship—in other words, that I must expect something of the supernatural to enter into this icy sepulchre, and be prepared for rights more marvellous and terrifying than frozen com**. So I stood looking forward and aft very awiftly, and in a way I daresay that a spec tator would have thought laughable enough ; uor watt my imagination soothed by t’rie clour, harping, ruining- Mmiuls of the wind soothing through'tho frozen rigging where the mast* rose above the shelter of thy mdos of the hollow.' ' Presently, getting tho bettor of my per turbation, I walked lift, and, stepping on tho poop-deck, fell to an examination of thecoin panion or covering of the after- hatch, which, its 1 have elsewhere said, was covered with (to or. ooKTivctn.) 