EASY CHAIR. The rolling joke gathers lota of moss. Tho entlioat partnership mentioned In the Bible was Jerry Co. " Hatnlot" is rt play for all time. It will I never give Bp tho ghost, It is a amart man who knows his own picture when it ia published in a newspaper. Thero were four omdidates for tho Presi dency of tho French Chamber, and Mr. Deville was the hindmost. Somebody asked Mrs. O'Brallaghan the meaning of " posthumous works' 'Sure thin, an it's meBelf that khows ; sure, thoy'r the books a man. writes after he's dead." " I do love a liar, " observed Mrs Grapp, after her husband had been telling hor why he was detained at the offioo. Mr. Grapp simply answered " .Egotist," and now thoy eat their meals in nilonco. " Tea,,' said the Chairman, sadly, " our temperanoe meeting last night would have been more successful if the leoturer hnd'm been so absent-minded.' " What did. he do ?, 1 He tried to blow the foam from a glass of water.' 'Why, Pat. for heaven's sako what's the matterV 'Well,sorr, I swelled n pertoter bug, an' although, sorr, I tuck noma parrus green widin foiva minits lifter terr kill the baste, still he's just raisin the divil inside of me, earr.' The King of Spain has a salary of 1,000,000 dollars a year, and is only 18 months old. If he saves his money until h? Is of age ho will be able to start a morning Demooratio paper and hare fun with it for a few months. The Women's Christian Temperance Union will hold a headquarters in Chicago, I costing 800,000 dollars. Thero will be ; nothing intoxicating about the establishment . bnt the style and the inmates. | "A genteel carver," says a book on etiquette, i' always sits when he carves." Carvers who get on the table and have a wrestling matoh with the chicken are known by Borne other name. "What a labour-saving invention the type writer in 1 Don't you find it a great convenience?" " Convenience 1 Drat'em I They many off fatter than I oan fill their places." Lady of the house (to her Bervant): " You tell me that you are going to quit my service, and you know that I have done almost all your work." Servant: " Tea j . but you don't do it to suit me." " Water ia medicine,' read a toper In a sanitary journal. " Next, some fool will be advocating water as beverage," he added, with a lock of disgust. Wife; " Women aro often orilioised for wearing loud colours. What would you call a loud colour]" Husband: " Yeller, I suppose." An American farmer, on reading that a boll painted by Rosa Bonheur sold for 5000dol., remarked to his wife that he didn't see how a coat of paint oould so greatly enhance the Value of the animal ; but, if Rosa didn't change more than lOdol., he would get her to paint his bull in the spring. His economical wife replied that she thought he might pair.t it himsolf, and save his lOdol, The indications are. that the bull will be painted. Omaha Jeweller: " Hore, sir, is a clock whiah will, I think, please your joathetio tastes. At precisely 10 o'olook every evening a ehirae of bells and a bird hops i ut and sings a carol," ' Omaha Man : I will take that if you will moke a few changes in it." "With pleasure." '• I have a daughter, and nirh the clock for the parlour where she entertain her company, Fix it so that at II o'cloclc^at night a milkman's bell will ru.g and a newsboy will skip out and yell, 1 Morning papers.'" . A man taxed a friond wtch having been " ob/uscattd, ■" to use a polite phrase, on tho previous evening, '"l'hat could not bo," tho friond replied j " lam a teetotaller." " Ah. then," was the quick nnBwer, "you were pn.bably water-tight 1" , An iniquitous game s being played by certain iniaitious scamps who put cheap and fierj iquorinto thnbottleswhichhave held the national indicated beverage, Wolfe's Schnapps, for the purpose of deoieting the unwary into the belief that their vile concoctions are indentica with the jjnat original. Demand the genutag 