MY UNCLE’S GHOST, j BY FRANCIS FOOTE. I One rainy evet.ing Ia.‘l week I lounged . into my uncle’s bachelor apartments at the hotel for a talk ami smoke. One of my uncle’s hobbies was to be surrounded at all I times by young men ; and, indeed, be seemed j little more than a boy himself in feelings, j although he had passed his fiftieth birthday. | And we were all devoted to “ the major,” as j we called him—!• believe that was his title during the war. There was no one so willing to offer a helping hand when we were in a college scrape; no one who would loan money so readily when an allowance fell short; there was no one with such a fund of experiences from which to draw for amusing or thrilling tales; and then his winc3 and cigars were unimpeachable. _ On this particular evening I found him stretched ont before the fire, his eyes fixed reflectively upon the ceiling, as he blew huge rings of smoke from his pipe. “ How are you, Tom 1” lie said, lazily ; “you’ve saved me from myself by coming in. It has been such a nasty sort of a day, and an evening like this I always mope, and think of my gho3t ” “ Your ghost ?” I echoed. “Why, yes ; yon know I have the pleasure of owning one. D > you mean that I have never told you the story ?’-’ I say “ No,” emphatically; and the major's face grew radiant with the anticipated pleasure, for the one thing which he enjoyed above all others was a good story told by him self ; and they were always good. “ Older whatever you wish, Tom,!’ he said. “I’ll take a drop of brandy straight, and you will find the best cigars on the top •helf.” . At last we were comfortably settled.' and after a preliminary swallow of brandy he began. ‘ It was about fifteen years ago, and I was on my way to Chicago. The trains didn't go right through as they do now, and stopped oftener. It might have been five o’clock in the evening, and we bad ope more night to ride, when the train beuan to slow up, finally stopping at a small station, and a young woman came into the car. “ The sea’s were pretty well occupied, and when she reached me she asked if she might have the other half of mine. Of course I said ‘Yes.’ There was plenty of room, and she only had a bit of a bag with her. “ You know I never was much on women, but I can tell a pretty one when 1 see her, and a lady. She was both, .although her dress was plain and black, and her gloves had been neatly mended in several places. I had a number of books and papers, the most en tertaining of which I offered her. and when she thanked me. her voice was the sweetest I have heaTd—low soft and musical. II By Jove 1” saidthe. major, excitedly, as he reached for the: brandy, “ I know that .‘woman would sing withdier whole soul; she i’ Wouldn't have helped it with that voice,' . “ Well,” he continued, “she took "op a I book, but she didn’t read much ; just turned ! the page’s %t random, and'sighed softly to herself every little while, as if she were un | happy or in trouble. ’ When the conductor I came through she called him and asked about a berth. “ * I am sorry,’ he said; ‘ you should have telegraphed. We arc very full, and there is nothing but an upper one left.- You would like a whole section?’ “ • I would,’ she replied;4 although a lower berth would do. You are sure you cannot ac commodate me ?’ “4 I’m sorry, miss, but I don’t see how,4 and that burly conductor did seem sorry, ont I of sympathy, as he saw the troubled expres sion in the girl’s face. 44 Then I spoke,— “‘I have a whole section to myself,’ I said, ‘and I always prefer the upper berth ; so if you will take the low. I shall be most happy to resign it to you.’ This was a lie, for 1 had never slept in one before, but she was pretty enough and unhappy enough to warrant a lie of that “ I shall never forget the glance she gave me. 1 had not noticed her eyes before, but now they lit up her whole face. They were a. deep violet, almost purple, with dark depths, and thick black lashes which cast shadows on her pale cheeks. Yes, she was very pale, you would have called her ill until you saw her lips, which were like a strip of scarlet on the snow. Another thing I noticed was a tiny scar, which looked as if it had been made by some sharp instrument, just below her left temple. “ I tried to talk with her, for she interested me deeply, but although she answered me pleasantly, she said nothing by which I could discover who she was, where she was going, or why she was travelling alone. “Just before it was time to make up the berth she grew very nervous, twisting and untwisting her hands, and tapping her foot. ' She glanced at me once or twice, but-to all appearances I was deep in my book. •*4 I’ve got to do it,’ I heard her say in the faintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child, } I don’t believe "he knew that she spoke aloud; so occupied was sher with ■ her own j thoughts. ' “ In a few moments she spoke again, still 1 ialking'to herself,— , * ,! “ They must never find him about me. It I would spoil all, and I woul:V-never—’ 1 I lost the next two words, but they I sounded like ‘ disgrace him.’ She seemed i aware then that she had spoken aloud, and i looked quickly at me. i turned a page of I mv book" and settled back farther into my j Then she opened her little hag and took i from it a picture. As near as L could make 1 out it was the likeness of an aristocratic I young man with, bine eyes and smiiing She looked at it for about fifteen minutes longingly, passionately,:'then she kissed it'fervently under cover of her handker-, “ After that, she'.covered .it .with both hands, gave one iittle-sob, and then began to tear that picture into.incb bitk. . ‘.“Ah;ah, a lover's qnanei‘1'’ t thought; and yet it didn’t seen like that. It was too serious; like a parting forever. '?'■ “ hi a little while she.turned'to me. She was paler than ever, and.the.old scar was brighter. “rWill you please open the window?’ she asked. ‘ ‘I have something- to throw “I did as she wished,-and she.scattered the fragments of that photograph to the four winds. She drew a breath of relief. “1 Now that is over the rest will.be comparatively easy,’ she 'said this time to “ ‘ What will be easy,’ I ventured. “ ‘ Pardon me for speaking my thoughts to a stranger,’ she replied. ‘1 suppose I mean life will be easier while we live, and death when we die.’ • *“ Life should always be easy for one as I young as yourself,’ I said, gallantly. “ She turned her beautiful eyes toward me again, and her glance was like a shock from a battery. In their depths I saw both joy and sorrow, passion and pain, while she said, “'Life to be easy must be sweet. Mine has been sweet,’with an emphasis on the ‘has been’ ‘too sweet to last; bnt now— well, all will be right in the future, I have no fear.’ And she turned away'. “ After that I could only make her speak m monosyllables. ‘‘At last that whole car full had settled down for the night to try and gain the little rest which might be found.. Everything was tolerably quiet, and I shut my-eyes and tried riot to notice the jar of the train, or the occasional groan of the engine. “ There was a little, scraggly, psle Novem ber moon, which gave me a chill as I looked at it, and made me imagine all sorts of creepy things. I thought I heard a stifled sigh once or twice from the berth below. ' I even seemed to notice a faint,- unpleasant odor. All my senses were’ 'abnormally active, and as I was an old traveller I was very much ashamed of myself. ' “ When finally I did sleep a little it was to dream of a frightful accident, in which that pale, yellow moon and I had a hand-to-hand fight to see which of us should ,save .-the pretty girl, and during our struggle she had been crushed under the car. “ I had important business a few stations this side of Chicago, but I had made up m7 mind that I would have ’a'lihfe talk'with the young lady before I left the car. ’ In the morning when I arose f went to the' front platform for some fresh air. When I entered the car again almost all my fellow-passen gers were visible, but that berth under mine was just as it hud been ail night, the girl had ' not yet appeared ; could she be ill ? I was l very near my stopping-place—I could not go I without saying good-by. The porter passed i through. 1 called to him and told him’ that I there was a lady in that berth who had not j yet been heard from. She might'be sick. | “ lie went to the berth directly, an l made i one startled exclamation. The passengers I began to crowd around. • There she lay, the j lashes resting thick on her cheeks, her lips j still that wonderful dash of rod, but her face | was like marble, her bauds were ice, and her heart—ah ! there was no action there. Site was dead ! “ By her side was a bottle half-filled with laudanum which showed that she had taken her own life. e 111 did not wait for anything more, to hear the criticisms and the questions as to who she was, and why she did i't. I jiist took one i lorn:, parting look, and touched her pretty I brown hair; then 1 went oiit to the platform I again, and remained there'until I reached my station.” The major smoked violently for a few moments. ‘ But where does-the ghost come in?” I asked at length. ' ~ “ The ghost 1” he said, with a suggestion of passion in his voice, which 1 had never heard there before ; “she is the ghost. Her pale face, black, dress, and violet eye3, have ] haunted me more or less ever since. I can i hear her sweet, musical voice as plainly to- \ day, when I will allow myself, as I did then, j and it was fifteen years ago. There is a place i in my heart now for those poor little mended I gloves, which were in themselves a pathetic I “I am never ondnty at night tbatshe does not stand before me with that little troubled expression, and that pleading look;:until I reach out my arms to touch her, then she j vanishes, and I know it was—you will say an illusion, a fancy—T call it her ghost. ' jg “How many times have I wished'that in some way I had gained possession of that man’s picture. I would have pasted them together if it bad taken half a lifetime and then I would have found him. I would have revenged that poor girl for the wrong he had i done. Yes, wrong, for I know that in some way he had driven her to her death! -Per; haps that is why I have never" married. I can’t tell. I only know that I' Lave, never yet met a women who could be to me jvhat her memory is ; and I saw her but once; she was not even a name to me; of herself, her character, I know nothing, and I .am called a man of the world. “And yet, boy,” he exclaimed, turning to me, his face gray with passion, “ I am happier on a dark, stormy night like this, in the prospect of coming home to be with her— spirit, her memory, if you will, than I should be- if I knew another, a real woman, was waiting toi fling soft arms about liny neck, to kiss me with tenderest lips. Forgive me, Tom; I seldom speak of my own feelings and emotions, but perhaps now you can faintly understand how much reality there can .ba even in a ghost.” . • • The major had gained complete control of himself once more, and was nodding good humoredly over his pipe as if romance, women and be had always been, as they always would be, strangers. 