PROPOSED R. C. COLLEGE AND ORPHANAGE IN BALLARAT. Dr Moore, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, will return to this diocese early in November, accom panied by a number of clergymen belonging to the Order of the Holy Ghost and by a community of nuns of the Order of Nazareth. The clergymen, who are associated with the well-known college of Black Hock, Dublin, will bo of. mixed nationality—English;. Irish, and French—and on their arrival in Ballarat they will take possession of Kooftda, Sturt street, the late residence of Mr W- H. Gaunt, barrister, and which was purchased for them by Dr Moore at a cost of nearly £4OOO. Ilere a college will be estab lished by the fathers on the basis of those conducted in Dublin, Liverpool, and other cities- in the home country. Prospectuses of the new Ballarat College will shortly be advertised in the local news papers. What will perhaps be of greater interest to the Homan Catholics of this diocese will be the estab lishment of a-Koman Catholic Orphanage at ; Lake Wemlouree. This orphanage will be conducted by the Sisters of Nazareth; and, in addition to providing shelter for the orphan, arrangements.will be made in the building for affording temporary succour to the aged and distressed of all creeds and countries. This orphanage cost £55000,' and has been also-paid for by Dr Moore, The Kev. Gerald Doyle read a pastoral at St. Patrick’s Cathedral vesterday bearing on the establishment in Ballarat of the Homan Catholic College and Orphanage, and he subsequently reminded his hearers. that charity should be a prominent characteristic in the daily life of the Christian: . Charity covered a multi tude of sins. 'lhe principal virtue of charity was love of neighbor, which meant love of mankind of every description. All in this world were Godfs creatures, and to be true followers of Christ all should love one another. In establishing an orphanage and a home for the aged and distressed, the Homan Catholics ot the Ballarat diocese would, said the preacher, be showing love for their neighbor, particularly so in taking charge of and caring for poor little children, who had lost one or both parents* and who could sot help themaelves. The rev. gejifclfciaan next ref wed* to the need for a Roman Cathoho.-ophannge in Ballarat, and said that foryears the administrators of the a&irs; of the church here had received valuable help from the nunsat Geelong and Melbourne. These sisieis at the seaside, in their charity towards the fatherless and motherless, Had at alii times kindly received and housed orphans sent to'them from Ballarat, which gave no monetary support to the orphanages at Gee long or Melbourne, both places being in tte arch diocese. On b.-half of the Homan Catholics of the Ballarat diocese, ho {Father Doyle) thanked the con ductors of the at Melbourne and Gee long for their kindness eare | n past, and hoped that a strong effort would be made to assist Dr Moore and the Sisters ot Nazareth in their laudable efforts to provide in this district a comfortable; home for the needy. Next Sunday collections on behalf o| the orphanage of the Sisters of Nazareth will be made in the Roam Catholic churches throughout the 1 diQQe??, 