SERMONS, ETC. Wondered at For Ever. BY THE REV. C. H. SPURGEON. "In that day, saith the Lord of Hosts, shall ye call every man his neighbor under the vine and under the fig tree." - Zachariah iii., '10. The people of Israel had been chastised very severely, many times carried away captive, and pillaged and robbed ; but often as they were chastised they so often returned to their sins, till the Lord said, "Why should ye be smitten any more? ye will revolt more and more." Oh, how some of you have been flogged and whipped ! You have lost your property, perhaps ; lost your health, it may be, through early sin ; lost the dearest friends you ever had ; you have been tried in body, tried in estate, but for all that you hug 'your sin, and the guilt of it still clings to you. Ah, but Jehovah Jesus can remove it in one day. What his providence cannot do His grace can do. During all the years that Israel had sinned they had still offered sacrifices, but their sacrifices had never taken away sin. It is clear since they had to offer sacrifices every year that their sins were not removed, for then no further sacrifices would have been needed. So, my dear hearer, no sacrifice of yours or mine can ever take away sin. Let the priests of Baal cry aloud, and spare not even to the chapter's dreadful end, but no sin is ever put away in this fashion ; the one sacrifice of Christ has put away sin for ever, so that no further sacrifice is wanted, no new blood, no new atonement. "Tis done, the great transaction's done." Heaven is satisfied, justice is content, mercy has a free channel, God is glorified. Without help, solitary, alone, God in the person of His Son has put away the transgression of His elect, and put it away for ever and ever. And herein is the triumph of Christ. Dreadful as sin is, His cross is more glorious. Awful as the transgression against God's law is, so awful that none can measure its tremendous deeps, yet more glorious still is that effectual atonement by which He hath removed forever the sin of His people. The moment a sinner believes And trusts in his crucified God, His pardon at once he receives, Salvation in full through Christ's blood. The dying thief had not to wait a month to get pardon, or else he would have died unsaved. He did but say, "Lord, remember me," and- the answer came, "To-day shalt thou be with me in Paradise.'"You may have begun this day the blackest sinner out of hell; you may ere this service be closed, if God's grace meet with you be pure through the precious blood. Who shall describe that wondrous change from darkness into marvellous light, from death into spiritual life ? May the Holy Spirit work such a change as that in you. Remember, this change is not only possible to ordinary sinners, but it is true of the very worst of sinners — the most degraded, depraved, abandoned, those who have gone to the utmost extravagance of transgression. One single day, faith being exercised, will put your guilt all away; one single word from the great King, "Absolvo te" — "I absolve thee'— and all is gone. She to whom Christ, said, "Thy sins, which are many, are forgiven thee," received pardon there and then. May that same voice, in the power of the Holy Spirit, speak to some hearts to-day, and may they go out of this place 'justified, saying, "Who shall lay anything to the charge of God's elect? It is God that justifieth, who is he that condemneth?" Who is it that removeth iniquity? "The Lord of hosts." That accounts for the wonder. What cannot God do ? He can pluck the sun from his sphere, quench the lamps of night, shake the heavens, and dry up the sea ; nothing is impossible to God, nor too hard for Him. When Jehovah put His hand to a work, then it is done. All without Him must fail ; but, when He does it, how readily it is accomplished? It is always "I" when you come to the portion of sin. "I, even I, am He that blotteth out thy transgressions." Jehovah alone can say unto the soul. "I am thy salvation. Who can forgive sins but God only ?'' HE FORGIVETH ALL THINE INIQUITIES He laid our sins on Jesus, and He therefore Himself takes them away from us. it is the Lord that pardons, the Lord that cleanses evermore. Hope thou, then, O worn out transgressor, bowed down with sin, what could not be done by others the Lord of Hosts can do. Tarry a moment over that word ''I." Let me take it and translate it. The "I" of Jehovah is one, but three. To begin then : "May the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you," for it is He who saith, "I will remove the iniquity of that land." He was laid as the one foundation stone of our hope. upon which seven eyes are fixed; He who was graven with the graver's tool when He was fastened to the cross, and His side was pierced. He it is that has removed the iniquity of His people, by bearing it, by making a recompense to Almighty justice for all. See ye, then, the Crucified. He uplifts His pierced hand, He bares His open side, and He says, ''Sinner, look to me ; I will remove all your iniquity." But, "May the love of God be with you," for it is the Father who says, "I will remove the iniquity of this land in one day." The returning prodigal said, "Father, I have sinned," and it was the father, the same offended father, who bid him take off his rags and kill for him the fatted calf ; it was the father who rejoiced that his son that was lost was found, and, that he who was dead was alive again ; the Father himself, therefore, removes the sins of his children. And, "May the Communion of the Holy Ghost be with you," for it is the Holy Spirit also who saith, "I will remove the iniquity of the land in one day." He brings the blood that Jesus shed, applies it to the conscience, sprinkles it upon the heart , and make those to be actually and experimentally cleansed, who in God's sight were cleansed by the death of Christ. Oh, did you ever feel within your heart the power of the Holy Spirit removing, your iniquity in one day? ' I shall never forget when my iniquity was removed. My sins terrified, alarmed me ; they haunted me day and night ; they made me sit on the doorstep of hell ; but how changed was the scene when I heard and understood the text, "Look unto Me and be ye saved, all ye ends of the earth," for then I was enabled to look to Jesus, and one look removed mountains. As I looked, my iniquity was forgiven, my joy was overflowing.' I had to restrain myself and to do violence to my feelings in order to keep my seat. Oh, the bliss of pardon, when it comes by the Holy Ghost ! You may hear about it, my brethren, you read about it, and both ''of these are well in their way; but these are not enough ; it is essential that you receive the word with living power within from God Himself', against whom you have offended. You can only find pardon and peace by looking to Jesus. The simple act of throwing yourself into His dear arms will bring it - nothing else will. It will come at once, come suddenly, and when it comes it will bring to you results of BLESSEDNESS THAT SHALL KNOW NO END.. ,', Take now 'your:B6rigaJ'a'n'd!g(('forth'andlHing. ',0 God.I'will'praise .Thee, for, tliough Thou. 'waBVanRry,,with| me, : Thine ' anger, is turned' away, and .Thou - ' c'pmf ortest. , me.' .. i Continue; till you m9!int'tq,Heiven.io.Bing..;j 'TJntOih m that-loved us, and waahed ua.from, our sins in 'His own blood,1 to Him be/the glory .for ceyerf ande.ver.' '?' -' '?''.''. '.''' ''?.'';'1'! :'' ''''::' -' :Wbat state' follows' pardon'? ?'?' They Bhall call every mail;hianoic:hbour,undor the Vine1 and under the ..(fig- tree,' i ,YeB}'.)wbefever pardon comes, peace.followBnj: In .times', of war,,the£e, , trees are cut , down, , the,, vines are deatroyed, Hid, if inpt^'th'e'^inhabitanW^aite kept within, .! ' '. .no-- ..-.'/i.-r.;.!. ,!-;-j-i:.-.-J!;.-.-.!.i i-'i. doors, and often are driven into the caves lof - the earth for shelter ; but the pioture before u» in the text represents the people as sitting at ease in their gardens and in their courtyards where the luxuriant vinea yield them Bhelterl The words admirably pioture a scene of 'peace ' . — each man under his vine and fig tree. Oar text does not mention. the. fact, but it implies .that.no enemy can molest. A soul pardoned is a soul at poaca. If God forgive me, nothing candiBtresame. ' Strike,' said Luther, 'atrike. Lord, if Thou wilt, for now Thou haat forgiven rne'I will bear thy stroke* and sing.' Oh, yeB ? it: sin 'be pardoned, nothing can harm us* For.^s the posioniB gone, the sting is departed, the' evilis annihilated. Wo have in the pardon of 'sin an antidote for all that might have dis tressed MB.' We must and shall have peace. But the text implies also . \\\ - ; NBrOHBOBLINESS. o They ore not each imn to sit under the vine, dnd'uiider' the fig tree, and say, ' Glory be to ;God,.I!anva pardoned man, I nm saved, . I do 'nbVoare about' my neighbours one bit ;' not so, liethat'is a gracious soul invites his neighbour (for so it;might run), invites him to commune ? 'with him. Grace is the most' neighborly thing in the world. Christ's people are called sheep : sheep are gregarious ; you do not meet sheep J one by one, they go in flocks; they love com- ? m pany, good company. So you shall find the &ff; people of God, they aro good company keeping ^^ '- people; I do not mean that they have great entertainments, and care for idle chitchat, but this is. how they are described : 'Then they that feared the Imrd spake often one to another, and the-Lord' hearkened and heard.' Some body said, ' The good friends at the Tabernacle blocked up the steps a good deal after service by standincf to talk with one another.' Well, if, you talk about Christ and things divine, the more you talk the better ; of holy conversation there need be no btint. If you talk aga' nst your neighbour, bo home with you ; if you talk gos3ip and ecaudiU, you have no right to do it on the Tabernable steps— nay, where have you right to^ do it? Gossiping slander is at *H times vile, butj-if.our .conyordation be of Jesus, then the more woapauk'together, »nd the more sociable we are, the more ,the house of God on earth ]bScojrte3-;Hke. heaven above. G-od Bave us from a rstiffrgehiility. that knows nobody because it , does not;kno.w itself. L May we, on the other hand, rejoice in what God has done for us and all His people, and, therefore, make ourselves familiar with the consecrated brotherhood of suinta. Do not only ait under the fig tree, but call each, man his neighbour. Say, --'Kejoic'e~with'me'; come and help my joy; I cannot rejoicoalone. Coma . and bear, all ye that fear God, I will tell you what God -has done for my; aoul.' ,We willt|c raako even the heathen among whom' we dwell '''' to say, '-Yes, tho Lord hath done great things for U9,_whoreof we are glad.' Christian sooia- „.,.,, bility, ' Christian communion, ChriBtian friend-' ,M ? ship,! Christian communication, the 'one with , the1 other, ia a moat doairablo and fitting' thing, and where Bin is pardoned and peace is im- - 'planted, it is quite sure to follow., . - jBut I must note again, there is not only peace and neighbourlineas in the text, ..,.,.. ! j ' ? ? BDT' THKBK 'IS' OOMFOBT. ?' ! ' ? ' ? ; ; l ' ' , 'I -—They might sit, and they might sit together ' ' in misery, but in this case they ait in comfort under the vine, its broad leaves giving them \- shade ; under the fig tree, there, too, finding a cool retreat from. the heat: of the day. /.And, oh;! what comfort believers have in the Holy Ghost ! 'I could not ! help rejoioing1 ' one ? ' ! ? 'day^oyer a good sister who had been away, from . '' f, here a longtime, and had a, great deal of troubla, ;-v:'' ' iwhenBhesaid,'OhbutlBhouldnothnveminded i ' ?: [ the trpuble^if I could havo got to the Tabernacle ' j on Sunday's and week days, for there, you oould atleaet forget your troubles for an hour or two, . . , and 'then go away strong to contend with them again.' Yes, and when sitting under theshadow' of Christ, udder the leaves of His truth, under the droppings of His 'familiar love Chriatain .,' f ?fellowship becomes very sweet., One almost, j '.. feels wheu Jeaua draws near to our asaembliea I that if Heaven be better , than thiB, it muat.be , , .. very good' indeed. We 'get Buch earnest' '( ?' anticipations of the joy of the glorified saints ... ' ', that wa are fairly overcome with erceBa of ' delight. ????-? ' 'But, note, it was not comfort thay had,- - but' ? ?'- ' ' ? ' ' ?' - ?? ' '?-'? ?' ?' ?? ? ? ' .SUBSTANTIAL BNJOiMBNT. :,,.'.'?'. i ? and real ^supply of needs. . They Bat under the O. Tine, then there was wine for them to drink ; they sat -under the fig tree, then there .were ,,.-. , ^gs- for them to' eat. So' when God ? gives. ' ' $ } pardou and peace, He gives to bur souls'; ' s .'.satisfaction with good things ; we find iii Jeaua Christ, if, we 'sit under His shadow, with delight, . - '?' £ that His fruit is sweet unto our taste. * ' . ./ ( ? ?' All iny capacious powers can wish i ? .?.'?/. In Christ doth richly meet ; - ;-(?,[/,-? ? . Nor to1 mine ey_83 is light ab 'dear, ',. ' ',\i Nor friendship half so sweet.'. ,.'f ~ I Now, my friends— you that are unsaved, and .remain so— I! can understand : thit .you /Beefc : -: I', ' company, and that youlwill go and call every ' ' . ' ,-' manjhis.neighbour, ''Come, let us make mirth, ?' let'us eat and drink, for to-morrow we die ;let ;. \ ; . us break.'the Sabbath, , let us break God's, banda ? ?,' asunder,:' and cast ,, His cords 'form us ;!' ' I, can ?;,]-. f :?-.' understand that, and I think you also can un derstand that the company you keep on earth you (will have to keep for ,.ever,v..-'Bind -them ,...?.,''-' in ^bundles to ' biirn them,' will be the Lord's ' ?' ' '? command.. Like with like. .They that depart j| / - from ChriBt.'pn earth',, .will'ihear, Hindj say.,, i \ ' Depart, ye c'uraed,' for eyeri1,' ''.O-.tba't ye mighty' ( .beyled1 to seek1 Godi and'td seek His people, 'But ('an for 'you that love God, lam sure, if. ? grace.be in your hearts, you; will feel a yearning'.' . after 'holy company', and your company will be' ' -siidh'jas love what you lovei such, as hope, to be '?'?'?- i, J with! Jesus where you will be.; 'Oh, but God's j:: .' ;. people have many faults !' 'My dearfriend.iso. !:? lo:-,;-. lave you, but despite all the faults of the church, - ? - ? ;: , My soul shall pray for Zion atill, _,; ,',,,.4^-., While ljfeipc.breath. remains ;. : W iiCS. ? 'There my best friends, my kindred dwell,,, .., ???_-? u f-jj There God my Saviour reignB.-:'; ? ?' ??.','?? )J -?(' | There is no better company than the company1 ' ' * -« Christ keeps, there is no better houBe:than the-' hpuaa that Christ inhabits. -May we be willing ? ;-»? tojbedporkeeps in the house of. God, glad. to be the least in the church,' so long ! as we, may be numbered among-the chosen, ^edeeined-by, -the-- ,,. , ; blood of Jesus. ' May the Iiord- give' ub- perfect ?':'''- ' pardon, perfect peace,1 for His' name's' sake' J1 Amen. .; -?,-:;.-.?; ; i. .» .i:rj!:.:i[ i-; J. ? .; u ,.. - t....il : t ii i- - ? : ? ? ..-.?.. ? ,...,.... 