(Authorised Translation. [NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.] THE D HE IS R E A M : EMILE ZOLA, Author of "L'ASSOMMOIR," "NANA," "HIS " MASTERPIECE," Pc., C. (ENGLISHED BY ELIZA E. CHASE.) [All Rights ReServed.] CHAPTER IV. The and shone brightly on the roof of the Cathedral, a fresh odour of lilacs came up from the bushes in the garden of the Bishop. Angelique smiled, as she stood there, dazzled, and as if bathed in the spring tide. Then starting, as if suddenly awakened from sleep, she said 1 Father, I have no more gold thread for my work. Hubert, who had just finished pricking the tracing of the pattern of a cope, went to get a skein from the case of drawers, cut it, tapered off the two ends by scratch- ing the gold which covered the silk, and he brought it to her rolled up in parch- ment. ' Is that all you need ?' ' Yes, thanks. With a quick glance she had assured herself that nothing more was wanting ; the needles were supplied with the different golds, the red, the green, and the blue ; there were spools of every shade of silk; the spangles were ready; and the twisted wires for the gold lace were in the crown of a hat which served as a box, with the long fine needles, the steel pincers, the thimbles, the scissors, and the ball of wax. All those were on the of raine crew, or on the material stretched therein, which was protected by a thick brown paper. She had threaded a needle with the gold thread. But at the first stitch it broke, and she was obliged to thread it again, breaking off tiny bits of the gold, which she threw immediately into the pasteboard waste basket which was near her. 'Now at last I am ready,' she said, as she finished her first stitch. Perfect silence followed. Hubert was preparing to stretch some material on another frame. He had placed the two heavy ends on the character and the trestle directly opposite in such a way as to take lengthwise the red silk of the cope, the breadths of which Hubertine had just stitched together, and fitting the laths into the mortice of the beams, he fastened them with four little nails. Then, after smoothing the material many times from right to left, he finished stretching it and tacked on the nails. To assure himself that it was thoroughly tight and then, he tapped on the cloth with his fingers and it sounded like a drum. Angelique had become a most skilful worker, and the Roberts were astonished at her cleverness and taste. In addition to what they had taught her, she carried into all she did her personal enthusiasm, which gave life to flowers and faith so symbols. Under her hands, silk and gold seemed animated ; the smaller ornaments were full of mystic meaning; she gave herself up to it entirely, with her imagination constantly active and her firm belief in the infinitude of the invisible world. The Diocese of Beaumont had been so charmed with certain pieces of her embroidery, that a clergyman who was an archaeologist, and another who was an admirer of pictures, had come to see her, and were in raptures before her "Virgins, which they compared to the simple, gracious figures of the earliest masters. There was the same sincerity, the same sentiment of the beyond, as if encircled in the minutest perfection of detail. She had the real gift of design, a miraculous one indeed, which, without a teacher, with nothing but her evening studies by lamplight, enabled her often to correct her models, to deviate entirely from them, and to follow her own fancies, creating beautiful things with the point of her needle. So the Roberts, who had always insisted that a thorough knowledge of the science of drawing was necessary to make a good embroiderer, were obliged to yield before her, notwithstanding their long experience. And, little by little, they modestly withdrew into the background, becoming simply her aids, surrendering to her all the most elaborate work, the under part of which they prepared for her. from one end of the year to the other, what brilliant and sacred marvels passed through her hands 1 She was always occupied with silks, satins, velvets, of cloth of gold or silver. She embroidered chasuble, stoles, mantles, capes, chalice and the pyx. But above all. their orders for chasubles never failed, and they worked constantly at those vestments, with their five colours.- the white, for Confessors and. Virgins; the red, for Apostles and Martyrs ; the black, for the days of fasting and for the dead; the violet, for the innocent; and the green, for five days. Gold was also often used in place of white or green. The same symbols were always in the centre of the Cross : the monograms of Jesus and of the Virgin Mary, the triangle surrounded with rays, the lamb, the pelican, the dove, . chalice, a monstrance, and a bleeding heart pierced with thorns; while higher up and on the arms, were designs, or flowers, all the ornamentation being in the ancient style, and all the flora so large blossoms, like anemones, tulips, peonies, pomegranate, or hortensia. so season passed in which she did not remake the grapes and thorns symbolic, putting silver on black, and gold on red. For the most costly vestments, she varied the pictures of the heads of Saints, having, as a central design, the Annunciation, the Last Supper, or the Crucifixion. Sometimes the storeys were worked on the original Material itself; at others, she applied bands of silk or satin on brocades of gold cloth or velvet. And all this efflorescence of sacred splendour was created little by little by her deft fingers. At this moment the vestment on which Angelique was at work was a chasuble of white satin, the cross of which was made by a sheaf of gold lilies, intertwined with bright roses, in various shades of silk. in the centre, in a wreath of little roses of dead fiM, mm the monogram of the Blessed virgin to red and green gold, with a great variety of ornaments. For an hour, during which she skilfully finished the little roses, the silence had not been broken even by a single word. But her thread broke again, and SIMs re threaded her needle toy feeling carefully under the frame, as only an adroit person can do. Then, as she raised her head, she gave inhaled with satisfaction the pure, fresh air that came in from the garden. 'Ah r she said softly, 'how beautiful it was yesterday The sunshine is always perfect.' s Hubertine shook her head as she stop paid to wax Ver thread. As for me, I am so wearied, it SASH as if I had no arms, and it bores me to work. But that is not strange, for I so seldom go out and am no longer young and strong as you are at sixteen.' Angelique had reseated herself and resumed her work. She prepared the fillies by sewing bits of vellum on certain places that had been marked. so as to give them relief, but the flowers themselves were not to be made until later, for fear I the gold be tarnished were the hands moved much over it. Hubert, who having finished arranging the materials its frame was about drawing with pumice the pattern of the cope, joined in the conversation and said These first warm days of spring are sure to give me a terrible headache.' Angelique eyes seemed to be vaguely lost in the rays which now fell upon one of the flying buttresses of the Church, as she dreamily added : . Oh, no, father, I do not think so. One day in the lively air like yesterday does me a world of good. Having finished the little golden leaves, she began one of the large rooms, near the lilies. Already she had threaded several needles with the silks required, and she embroidered in stitches varying in length, according to the natural position and movement of the petals, and notwithstanding the extreme delicacy and absorb- ing nature of this work the recollections of the previous day, which she lived over again in thought and in silence, now came to her lips and crowded so closely upon each other, that she no longer tried to keep them back. So she talked of their setting out upon their expedition, of the beautiful fields they crossed, of their lunch over there in the ruins of Hantecceiir, flagstones of a little room whose tumble- down walls towered far above the Liguen!, which rolled gently among the willows fifty yards below them. She was enthusiastic over these crumb- ling ruins, and those scattered blacks of stone among the brambles, which showed how enormous the colossal structure must have been, as when first built it commanded the two valleys. The London remained nearly two hundred feet in height, discoloured, cracked, but nevertheless firm, upon its foundation pillars fifteen feet thick. Two of its towers had also resisted the attacks of Time-that of Charlemagne and that of David-united by a heavy wall almost intact, in the interior, the chapel, the court-room, and certain chambers were still easily recognized and all this appeared to have been built by grants for the steps of the stair ways, the sills of the windows, and the benches on the terraces, were all on a scale far out of proportion for the gene- ration of to-day. It was, in fact, quite a little fortified city. Five hundred men could have sustained there siege of thirty months without suffering from want of ammunition or of provisions. For two centuries the bricks of the lowest storey had been disjointed by the wild roses ; lilacs and laburnum covered with blossoms the rubbish of the fallen ceilings ; a plane tree had even grown up in the fire- place of the guardroom. But when at sunset the outline of the donor cast its long shadow over three leagues of cultivated ground, and the colossal chateau seemed to be rebuilt in the evening mists. one still felt the great strength and the old sovereignty which had made of it so impregnable a fortress that even the kings of France trembled before it And I am sure,' continued Angelique, that it is inhabited by the souls of the dead who return at night. All kinds of noises are heard there in every direction are monsters who look at you, and when I turned round as we were coming away, I saw great white figures fluttering above the wall. But mother, you know all the history of the castle, do you not ?" Hubertino replied, as she smiled in an amused way: Oh, as for ghosts, I have never seen any of them myself. But in reality, she remembered' perfectly the history, which she had read long ago, and to satisfy the eager questionings of the young girl, she was obliged to relate it ever again. The land belonged to the Bishopric of Rheims, since the days of Saint Remy, who had received it from Clovis. An Archbishop, Severin, in the early years of the tenth century, had erected ne Hauteconr a fortress to defend the country against the Normans, who were coming up the river Ouse, into which the Liguoul flaws. In the following century a successor of Severin gave it in fief to Norbert, a younger son of the house of Normandy, in consideration of an annual quit-rent of sixty sons, and on the condition that the City of Beaumont and its Church should remain free and unencumbered. It was in this way that Norbert I. became the head of the Marquess of Hartecour, whose famous line from that date became so well known in history. Henry IV., excommunicated twice for his ecclesiastical property, became a noted highway- man, who killed on a certain occasion with his own hands thirty citizens, shift his tower was razed to the ground by Louis le Gros, against whom he had dared to declare war. Raoul I., who went to the Crusades with Philip Augustus, perished before Saint Jean d'Acre, having been pierced through the heart by a farce. But the most illustrious of the race was John V. the Great, who in 1225 rebuilt "".... . . ..." nice., rain in parts rOUIllib the fortress, finishing in less than five years this formidable Chateau of Home cour, niKlor whose shelter ho for moment dreamed of aspiring to the throne of France, and after having escaped from being killed in twenty battles, lie at last died quietly in his bed, brother? in-law to the King of Scotland. Then came Felieiau III., who made a pilgrimage to Jerusalem barefooted ; Horvrc VII., who asserted his claims to the throne of Scotland; and still many others, noble and powerful in their day and generation, down to Joan JX., who, under Mazarin, had the grief of assisting at the dismantling of the Castle. After a desperate siege, the vaults of the towers and of the donors were blown up with powder, and the different, constructions were set on fire ; where Charles "VJ. had been sent to I rest and to turn his attention from his | vagaries, and where, nearly two hundred years later. Henri IV. had passed a week as Gabrielle D'tistress. Thenceforth, all these royal souvenirs had passed into oblivion. Angelique, without stopping the movement of her needle, listened eagerly, as if the vision of these past grandeur rose up from the frame, in proportion as the rose grew there in its delicate life of colour. Hnp ignorance of general history enlarged facts, and was received them as if they were the basis of a marvellous legend. She trembled with delight, and transported by her faith, it seemed as if the reconstructed chateau mounted to the very gates of heaven, and the Hautecours were cousins to the Virgin Mary. When there was a pause in the recital she asked, is not our new Bishop, Mon seigneur d'Hautccour, a descendent of this noted family ?' Hnbertine replied that Monseigneur must belong to the younger branch of the family, as this order branch had been ex- tinct for a very long time. it was indeed a most; singular return, as for centuries the Marquesses of Hartecosur and the clergy of Beaumont had been hostile to each other. Towards 1151) an Abbot undertook to build a church, with no other resources than those of his Order ; so his funds soon gave out, when the edifice was no higher than the arches of the side chapels, and they were obliged to cover the nave with a wooden roof, , Eighty years passed and Jean y. came to rebuild j the chateau, when he gave three hundred ' thousand pounds, which, added to other sums, enabled the work on the church to be continued. The nave was finished, but the two towers and the great front were terminated much later, towards 1430, in the full fifteenth cen- tura To recoin pause Jean Y. for his liberality, the clergy accorded to him, for himself and his descendents the right of burial in a chapel of the apse, consecrated to St. George, and which since that time had been called the Chapel Hartecceur. But these terms were not of long duration. The freedom of Beaumont was put in constant peril by the chateau, and there were continual j hostilities on the questions of tribute and of precedence. One especially, the right of paying toll, which the nobles demanded for the navigation of the Lignuiil, perpetuated the quarrels. Then it was that the great prosperity of the lower town began, with its manufacturing of fine linen and lace, and from this epoch the feature? of Beaumont increased daily, while that of Harteceeur diminished until the time when the castle was dismantled and the church triumphed. Louis XIV. made of it a Cathedral, a Bishop's Palace was built in the old' enclosure of the monks, and by a singular chain of circumstances, to-day a member of the family H-iuteccenr had returned as a bishop to command the clergy, who, always powerful, had conquered his aucesUrs, after a contest of four hundred years. But, said Angelique, ' Monseigneur have been married, and has not he a son at least twenty years of age.' Huhertine had taken up the shears to re-model one of the pieces of vellum. ' Yes,' she replied, the Abbot Corndale told me the whole story, and it is a very sad history. When but twenty-two years of age, Monseigneur was a captain, under Charles X. in 1886, when only four and twenty, he resigned his position in the army, and it is said that from that time until he was forty years of age, he led an adventurous life, travelling everywhere and having many strange experiences. At. last, one evening, he met, at tho house of a f round in the. country, the daughter of the Count de Valencay, Mademoiselle Pauline, very wealthy, marvellously beautiful, and scarcely nineteen years of age, twenty- two years younger than himself. He fell violently in love with her and as she returned his affection, there was no reason why the marriage should not take place at once. He then bought the remains of Hantecoeur for a mere song-. ten thousand francs, I believe with the intention of repairing the chateau, and installing his wife therein, when all would Im in order and in readiness to receive her. In the meanwhile they went to live on one of his family estates in Anjou, scarcely seeing any of their friends, and finding in their united happiness the days all too short. But, alas ! at the end of a year- Pauline had a son and died. Hubert, who is still occupied with marking out his pattern, raised his head, allowing a very pate face, as he said in a low voice : . Oh ! the unhappy man !' ' It was said that he himself almost died from his grief,' continued Hither- the. At all events, a fortnight later, he entered into Holy Orders, and soon became a Priest. That was twenty years ago, and now he is a Bishop. But I have also been told that during all this time he has refused to see his son, the child whose birth cost the life of his mother. He had placed him with an uncle of his wife's, an old Abbot, not wishing ever to hear of him, and trying to forget his existence. One day a picture of the boy was sent him, but in looking at it he found so strong a resemblance to his beloved dead, that he fell on the floor unconscious and stiff, 23 if he had received a blow from a trimmer. New, age and prayer have helped to soften his deep grief, for yesterday the good Father Cornille told me that Monseigneur had just decided to send for his son to come at him Aiigoliqno having finished her rose, so fresh and natural that a perfume seemed to be exhaled from it. looked again through the window, into the sunny garden, and as if in a reverie, she said in a low voice The son of Monseigneur.' Huhertine continued her story. ' It seems that the young man is hand- some as a god, and his father wished him to be educated for the priesthood. But the old Abbot would not consent to that, saying that the youth had not the slightest inclination in that direction. And then, to crown all his wealth, it is said, is enormous. Two million pounds sterling ! Yes, indeed! His mother left him a tenth of that sum, which was invested in land in Paris, where the increase in the price of real estate has been so great, that to-day it represents fifty million of francs. In short, rich-as a king !' <? ' Rich as a king, beautiful as a god,' repeated Angelique unconsciously, in her dreamy voice. And with one hand she mechanically took from the frame a bobbin, wound with gold thread, in order to make the open-work centre of one of the large lilies. After having loosened the end from the point of the reel, she fastened it with a double stitch of silk to the edge of the roll ii in which was to give a thickness to the embroidery. Thou, continuing her work, she said again, without finishing her thought, which seemed lost in the vagueness of its desire, * Oil ! a-for me, what I would like, that" which I would like above all else- The silence fell again, deep and pro- found broken only by the dull sound of chanting which came from the Church. Hubert arranged his design by re-passing with a little brush all the perforated floor; of the drawing, and thus, the ornamenta- tion of the cope appeared in white on the red silk. It was he who first resumed speaking. ' Ah ¡ those ancient days were magnificent ! Noblemen then wore costumes weighted with embroidery. At Lyons, material was sometimes sold for as much as six hundred francs an ell. One ought to read the bye-laws and regulations of the Guild of Master Workmen, where it laid down that The embroiderers of the King have always the right to summon, by armed force if necessary, the workmen of other masters.' . . . And then he coats of arms, too ! Azure, a fesso en granted or, between three Gears de.lys of the same, two of them being near the top and the third in the point. Ah ! it was indeed beautiful in the days of long ago!' He stopped a moment,- tapping the frame with his fingers to shake off the dust. Then he continued : At Beaumont they still have a legend about the üniitocceurs, which my mother often related to me when I was a child. ... A frightful plague ravaged the town, and half of the inhabitants had already fallen victims to it, when Jean V., he who had rebuilt the fortress, perceived that God had given him the power to contend against the scourge. Then, he went on foot to the houses of the sick, fell on his knees, kissed them, and as his lips had touched them, while he said If God is willing, I wish it, the sufferers were healed. And lo, that is why these words have remained the device of the Hants coeurs, who all have since that day been able to cure the plagues ! what a proud race of men! A noble dynasty ! Monseigneur himself is called Jean XII., and the first name of his son must also be followed by a number, like that of a prince' He stopped. HJnoh one of his words lulled and prolonged tile reverie of Augolique. She continued, in a half singing tone: Oh! what I wish for myself ! "That which I would like above all else.' Holding the bobbin, without touching the thread, she twisted the gold by moving it from left to right alternately on the vellum, fastening it at each turn with a stitch in silk. Little by little the great golden lily blossomed. out. Soon she confirmed : Des, what I would like above all, would be to marry a prince prince whom I had never seen who would come towards sunset, just before the waning daylight, and would take me by the hand and lead me to his palace. And I should wish him to be very handsome, as well as rich ! Yes, the most beautiful and the wealthiest man that ))3'1 ever been seen on the earth He f boult), bara superb horses that I could hear _QÍg!i¡n.'r offer ray windows, and jewels which he would pour in streams into my lap, and gold that would fall ' from my hands in a deluge when I opened them. An! what I wish still farther is that this prince of mine should love me to distraction ; so that I might also love him desparately. We would then remain very young, very good, and very noble for ever !' Hubert, leaving his work, had approached her smilingly; whilst Hnbertine, in a friendly way, shook her finger at the young girl. "Oh, what a vain little creature ! Ah ! ambitions child, you are quite incorrigible. Now, you are quite beside yourself with your need of being a queen. At all events such a dream is much better than to steal sugar and to be impertinent. But, really, you must not indulge in such fancies. It is the Evil One who prompts them, and it is pride that speaks as well as passion ' . *"' Gay and candid, Angelique looked her in the face as she said Bnr, mother, mother- mine, what are you saying? Is it, then, a sin to love that which is rich and bountiful ? I love it because it, is rich and beautiful, and so cheers my heart and soul. A beautiful object brightens everything that is near it, and helps one to live, as the sun spots. You know very well that I am not selfish'. Money J Oh, you would see what a good use I would make of it, if only I had it in abundance ! I would turn it over the town ; it should be scattered among the miserable. Think what a blessing it would he 16 have no more poverty ! In the first place, as for you and my father, I would give you everything. You should be dressed in robes and garments of brocades, like the lords and ladies of the olden time.' Hubertine shrugged her shoulders and smiled. ' It is ridiculous,' she said But my dear child, you must remember that you are poor, and that you have not a penny for your marriage portion. How can you. then, for a moment dream of a Prince? Are you, then, so desirous to marry a Prince ?' ' why should not I wish to marry such a man ?' And she l'>ol»odontic am v/M. as she continued : ' Marry him Of course I would do so. Since he would have plenty of money, what difference would it make if I had one ? I should owe everything to him. and on the very moment I should love him all the most deeply This victorious reasoning enchanted Hubert, who deemed carried above the earth by Augeliqnes enthusiasm. He would willingly have accompanied her on the wings of a cloud to the regions of fancy. ' She is right, he exclaimed. But his wife glanced at him reprovingly. She became quite stern. My child, you will think differently later on, when you know life better.' ' Life-boat I know it already.' ' How is it possible for you to know it You are too young; you are ignorant of evil. Yet evil exists, and is very powerful.' ' Evil-evil ?' Angelique repealed the word very slowly, as if to penetrate its moaning. And in her pure eyes was a look of innocent surprise. Evil ? She knew all about it, for she had read of it is the Golden Legend. Was not evil Satan himself? And had not she seen how, although he constantly re-appeared, he was always overthrown? After every battle, he remained crushed to earth, thoroughly conquered, and in a most pitiable state. 'Evil; nh. miller mine, if you knew how little I fear if ! It. is only necessary owe to conquer it, and afterwards life is all happiness.' Hnbertine appeared troubled and looked anxious. You will make me almost regret having brought you up this house, alone with us two, and away from the world, as it were. I am really afraid that some day we shall regret having kept you in su in complete ignorance of the realities of life. What Paradise are you looking for? What is your idea of the world ?' A look of hope brightened the face of the young girl, while bending forward, she still moved the bobbin back and forth with a continuous, every motion. You then really think, mother, that I am very foolish, do you not This world is full of brave people. When one is honest and industrious, ones is always rewarded. I know also that there are some bad people, but they do not count. We do not associate with them, and they are soon punished for their misdeeds. And then, you see, as for the world, it produces on me, from a distance, the effect of a great garden ; yes, an immense park, all filled with flowers and with sunshine. It is such a blessing to live, and life is so sweet that it cannot be bad.' Site grow excited, as if intoxicated by the brightness of the silks and the gold threads she manipulated so well with her skilful fingers. Happiness is a very simple thing. We are happy, are we not All three of us? And why? Simply because we love each other. Then after all it is no more difficult than that it is only necessary to love and to be beloved. So, you see, when the time I expect really comes, we shall recognise each other immediately. It is true I have not yet seen him, but I know exactly what he ought to be. He will enter here and will say. 'I have come in search of you.' And I shall reply: 'I expected you, and will go with you.' He will take me with him, and our future will be at once decided upon. He will go in to a palace, where all the furniture will be of gold, encrusted in diamonds. Oh, it is all very simple !' ' You are crazy so do not talk any more, interrupted Hubertine, coldly. (To be Continued.) 