The Nobelist. PIGSKIN AND WILLOW. [BY BYRON WEBBER.] CHAPTER XIII. ((Continued.) The last carriage was rattling home- ward alone the main road ; the musicians from Shipley were partaking of a substan- tial repast in the servants' hall, previous to their trudging to the station with a view to the earliest third-class train ; Mrs. Raye was keeping soundly, and demonstratively, in her easy-chair, when the two fugitives, our bonny Kate and her friend Sylvia, stepped from one of the drawing-room windows into the gard- en, and hurried thence to the entrance of a footpath that led to the Heatherthorp entrance to the grounds. "Oh, Syl" said Kate, "let us go back. I feel ready to drop ; I do, in- deed, and I tremble all over." "When you are done trembling, we will proceed. What nonsense ! One would think you were going to your execution. Be a woman, Kate.— Be a woman, Kate. — But there, I will do your bidding. Suppose we return ? We can— unper- ceived too. What say you ?" There was a brief pause, and then Kate, gulping down her emotion with a mighty effort, said, in a low but firm voice, "I am ready." Sylvia kissed her, and said, "I am sure you have chosen well. You will not regret this night's adventure, believe me." Just then, as though to hearten her and smile upon her resolve, the moon broke from behind a thick cloud and threw the shadowy features of the mysterious land- scape into strong relief. Kate accepted the sudden radiance as a good omen. "How beautiful ! Look, Sylvia, at those long fantastic shadows." "Long, fantastic fiddlesticks ! Pray don't linger. We must get among these long fantastic shadows if we are to es- cape observation. It is very beautiful, I dare say, but since we are not astronom- izing, nor studying light and shade, it would have pleased me better if this most impertinent moon had remained in bed. There we are safe." They walked on in silence for some minutes, when Kate, clutching Sylvia sud- denly by the arm, said, in a whisper— "Stay ! I can hear footsteps." "Yes ; and I can hear voices." "What shall we do ?" "Wait. Can you yet distinguish any- thing ?" "Yes. Now I can. There are two figures. Surely they are not poachers ?" "Poachers !— in petticoats. Calm your apprehensions, my darling. They approach and I discover in one of these noctunal wanderers your own maid Bur- roughs and in the other that child Elizabeth." "The little still-room maid ? What- ever can they be doing away from the Place at this hour ?" "I am not at present anxious to know ; but if you will please to conceal yourself in the shadow of that oak, I will teach these silly women a lesson they will not speedily forget." Whereupon Miss Vandervelde took her cloak, a sensibly-comfortable garment of considerable amplitude, and gathered it deftly about her arms ; then stretching these forth in the form of the letter V, she appeared, as she stood out con- spicuously in the moonlight, as eerie and preternaturally gigantic a figure as could well be conceived. There was not enough wind to stir the lightest leaf, and this singular stillness materially aided the suc- cess of her impromptu stratagem. She moved on slowly and stealthily, as yet unmarked by Burroughs and her compan- ion, and Kate for a moment forgot herself and Arthur in the supremely-ridiculous ecstacy of the situation. She would have given anything for liberty to laugh, but as it was, she hardly allowed herself to breathe. Sylvia was now full in the path of Burroughs and Elizabeth. They saw her, and, clinging, closely to each other, came to a full stop. In awfully cavernous tones Sylvia declaimed what seemed to Kate's English ear two lines of a German folk-song she had once heard her friend sing. Then, the while moving in the most extraordinary fashion, Miss Vander- velde poured forth a torrent of Teutonic gutturals, and finally exclaimed, after the traditional manner of provincial Lady Macbeths in the sleep-walking scene— "Begone ! Look not behind ye ! or-r— beware my vengeance ?" There was no need for the ghost of the minute to utter a syllable more. Bur- roughs and Elizabeth, the latter indulging in a scream that would have done honour to the most powerful female lungs of modern melodrama, turned and fled, paus- ing not for breath until they reached the hall, at a door of which, utterly exhausted by their terrific effort, they floundered. "Oh, Miss Burroughs !" "Oh, 'Lizabeth !" "Open the door, Miss Burroughs— do." "Not for the world. You must, Elizabeth. It's your duty. That dread- ful, dreadful spectre !" "Hush !— listen ! There's footsteps." "I know I shall faint. Hark !" "Who's there !" said an elderly female voice at the other side of the door. The maidens huddled themselves into smaller compass, but did not deign to reply. In- deed they could not have replied if they had made the attempt. "Who's there, I say ? If you don't speak it will be worse for you." "It's me, Mrs. Raye," at length feebly articulated the exhausted still-room maid. "Who's me ?— Elizabeth ?" "Yes, 'm." A bolt was withdrawn, and Mrs. Raye opened the door. Her slumbers had been rudely disturbed, and she was wroth. "What is the meaning of all this rub- bish ? Miss Burroughs, I am surprised at you, and come what may, Miss Wilson shall know my sentiments. Elizabeth, go to bed ; and if you don't tread your shoes very level, Miss, you shall go alto- gether ; mind you that ! This comes of gallivantin' with men." Burroughs was dumb. She stared at the housekeeper in haggard response to that estimable lady's stern rebuke, groan- ed, and rushing into the apartment Mrs. Raye called her own, sank into a chair, and fainted away in right down earnest. "Well, here's a pretty to-do. Eliza- beth ! Elizabeth, I say. She is in the sulks, I suppose. Elizabeth !" Her vehement summons was unheeded, and Mrs. Raye, by this, time enraged beyond endurance, tugged vigorously at the first bell which came to hand, and the loud clang penetrated into the utmost recesses of the sleeping mansion. It produced an effect, too, which the ruffled housekeeper had not bargained for. "Oh I what shall I do ? There's master's bell. I've woke him ; he will never forgive me.— Elizabeth, you disobedient girl, run upstairs and see what your master wants, while I look to this idiot here." That idiot there, otherwise Martha Bur- roughs, required seeing to. It was a case that admitted of no nonsense, so Mrs. Raye, eschewing the mild and cor- rect remedies for feminine fainting that are affected in society, treated Miss Wil- son's own maid to a copious douche, which brought about an instantaneons cure. The patient unclosed her eyes, and stared wildly around her. At that moment erring Elizabeth, looking as wild as her quondam companion, rushed into the apartment. "Well ?" sharply interrogated her superior "Was there ever such a night as this, 'm ? Master is nearly mad. When I tried to tell him about the mistakes you had made with the bell, 'm he said, 'Tell Miss Wilson I want her, if she has not retired to rest.' I knocked at Miss Wilson's door, and as there was no answer, I opened it. Oh, Mrs. Raye, Mrs. Raye, Miss Katherine is gone !" "Gone ! !" "Gone ! ! !" repeated Bourroughs, starting to her feet. "And where's Miss Vandervelde ?" "She's gone too ! Both the young ladies' rooms are empty." "Ah ! I see it all now !— the ghost — the ghost !" "What does she mean ? Ridiculous creature that she is !" Before Mrs. Ray could repeat the question she had put with such an air of desperate be- wilderment, Borrougha had rushed from the room, and oblivious of the proprieties invaded Mr. Wilson's. In agitated tones she told the Squire of the figure she had seen in the grounds, which figures she took for a ghost ; further, she made him acquainted with Miss Wilson's and Miss Vandervelde's remarkably earnest desire for her— Martha Borroughs' early retire- ment to rest. Mr. Wilson might depend upon it that the ghost was flesh and blood— one of Miss Vandervelde's outland- ish tricks to terrify her and Elizabeth and throw them off the scent. It was not for her to say a word against Miss Wilson, but since.Dr. Sutton— " "Well, what of him ?" shouted Mr. Wilson. "Oh ! nothing sir ; only he was the first gentleman to leave the party ; and Jobson who assisted him to mount, said he would not have rode at that pace in the dark for fifty pounds." "Jobson must be roused at once. I'll baffle that young scoundrel yet. And as for Kate— what are you staving at ? Oh ! Jobson ! Mrs. Ray must have him awoke ; and M'Callum too. Jones is gone, I sup- pose ?" "Yes, sir," replied Burroughs, with a blush. "Not a minute must be lost in getting the carriage ready. This frightful gout. And when yon have given those orders fetch me the local railway guide. Quick !" Regarded in the light of a handicap, notwithstanding the crushing weight the Squire had to carry, it was only about six to four on the fugitives. Old Wilson was a man of energy, and just now his blood was up. Now one of the prejudices of his striving days clung to him yet ; he despised valets. Heroic were his present endeavours, unaided as they were to equip him for the pursuit ; heroic, if clumsy. His afflicted member sharply announced itself ; in fact, the aristocratic twinges could not have said more if Dr. Sutton, of malice prepense, had retained them on his ride. Nevertheless, harassed though he was, the Squire managed by painful stages to get ready for the disagreeable journey. Jobson and the gardener were not so prompt in their movements. Each had indulged copiously in the conviviality of the servants' hall before returning to rest ; both were plunged far into their first dense sleep when Mrs. Raye sound- ed the alarm. However, when the drowsy servitors were informed of the nature of the nocturnal expedition, and the state ot Mr. Wilson's temper, they bestirred themselves, and by the time the Squire rang his bell the carriage was ready. He had given ten minutes attention to the guide and arranged the route. "Heathertherp Station, Jobson, as quick as you can, to catch the through train. And keep a sharp look-out on the road." "Very good, sir," said Jobson, who thereupon gave his spanking pair an encouraging "teh — teh !'" and the car- riage wheels crunched along the gravel road in the direction of the turnpike that stretches from Heatherthorp to the railway station of that name. 