BIBLE CHRISTIAN SUNDAY SCHOOL ANNIVERSARY. The anniversary of the above , school was held on Sunday last in the Harker- street church, when two sermons appropriate for the occasion were preached by the Rev. W. H- Hosken. In the afternoon an address was delivered by the pastor, the Rev. R. Warren. At each service there were present large congregations, especially that of the evening, when a number of people could not obtain admittance. In the morning, the text was taken from Isaiah xi, G, " A little child," and in the evening from John i, 10- 13\. Both sermons were couched in language that children might understand and fully enter into the subjects dealt with. Love for the Saviour was the prevailing, theme. The sermons were listened to with rapt attention, as also was the address in the afternoon. .. On Monday afternoon the usual tea took place iu the church, which was largely attended. The tables were laid out in a manner that left nothing to be desired. Choice •flowers improfusion graced the boards, and . the .edibles were very toothsome. The following young ladies presided : Misses Grigg (2), Jones, Johns, Eddy (2), Knight, and Grenfell. ; • , - r 2 • After the tea had been done ample jastice to, an adjournment .was made to the Temperance Hall, where thc'public meeting in connection with Ihe-proceedings was held. The' room.was well filled and presented a pleasing appearance. The .meeting -Wise,opened by the singing of the hymn, So.' SB. -Rev. Mr. Hosken "then 'enga^ed r in prayer. Hymn 97, " Sing Praise," followed. The chairman, the Rev. R..Warren, in a few introductory- remarks, spoke -the benefits derived from Sabbath schools. Parents should ^co-operate with thejteacliers, and by sympathetic influence endeavour to win their children ,on Christ's side. Many precious promises were' given for their encouragement. Hymn 105, " The Future lies before us." : The Secretary, Mr. F. Dabli; ihen read the annual report, in which he stated the number of 'office-bearers and teachers was 27, and the number of scholars 120. Receipts— £22 19B. 7d.; expenditure 'over receipts— £1 10s. 9d_ Recitations—Maria Evans, " Mister, I can't;" Susie Collins, "The Neglected Letter." Hymn 89—" Come, Children come. Recitations — Florrie Truran,_ " Little Pill;" Maty Ann Smith, "A little Bird tells;" Geo. Jones, "I cannot turn the Key;" Miss Mollard, Angry Rose. Hymn 90, " Come, ye Children." Recitations — Miss " Doyle, " Beautiful Snow;" Alice Knight, "Grandmamma. Annie Morgan, "The Open Door;" Evan Evans, "Give." Hymn 94, "Feed my Lambs. The Rev. R. Warren then addressed the meeting, and referred to the first time he had the pleasure of meeting the Rev. W. H. Hosken, some thirty years ago. He called on the Rev. W. H. Hosken, who said he was delighted to be present on the occasion. He thought the anniversary the best he had ever attended. He was pleased to find the school progressing so well. The report was short but good. He then touched on the object of Sunday schools. Patience, push, and tact, and a knowledge of the Word of God were necessary; difficulties should be conquered. When we fully understand the subjects, we know how to teach them. Too much preaching in dasaes-would not do; conversation was much better. As for himself, he would rather preach a sermon than take a class. Teachers should read closely, in order to grasp the facts they taught. Young people thought tha^ they were very wise—he thought so too when he was young, but he had been disillusioned as he grew in years. We must keep pace with the times, and it was necessary that we should be con- versant with what was going on in the world. To teach children, simple language should be used. To avoid being secular, the baptism of the Holy Ghost was required. Good singing, recitations, and sermons werei.Tvery-nsefiu "but lllli 1TA we must m.icf- have h-l.-i, God'esplrifin our -1 hearts, then teachiug will become a pleasure and children will be saved. The address was studded throughout with apt illustrations and telling anecdotes, and at its conclusion the rev. gentleman sat down amid rounds of applause. Hymn 111, "Hear the trumpet loudly calling." Recitations—Polly Warren, " The curfew must not sound tonight;" Miss Hutton, " Annie's Birthday;" Bessie Mollard, " Do' mestic Science." Hymn 91, "Sing of the Lamb." Recitations—Miss Doyle, " The road Heaven ;" Mabel and Annie Hutton, " Invitation to the Sunday-school; Clara Hicks also recited a piece, the title of which failed to hear. Hymn S5, " Marching on to victary." Recitations—Amanda Hicks, " The Dia mond wedding;" "Helping the Helpless,' by a little girl whose name we could not dis tinguish. A comprehensive vote of thanks to all concerned in bringing the anniversary to such a successful iseue was carried by acclamation, and the " Benediction," brought ai enjoyable evening's entertainment to a close. The singing throughout was very good! and reflects the highest credit on the conductor and 'aecompaniEt, Mr. imd- ffiss"Mollard respectively. The recitations, as a rule 'verealso well delivered, and duly appre- 