HANDICAPS ON HOSPITALITY. With every advance that the world has mrul-. 'it "has left some virtue behind, Now, it be comes a question whether tlia v'i t ie :of hos pitality is not to be the next sacrifice'to the elaborate civilisation.of. modern life. . --- ..... The chief causes which threaten its extinc tion are three—First, the enormous increase of travel ; secrm.l, t'.ie pressure oi occupation ; and third, the growing expeasivcnes3 of living, especially in the great centres. 1 The passion for travel which has developsdjin all countries ma!«03 people unwilling to keep up. a complicated establishment which must be shut up or left to run itself when the proprietor takes his winter tri;> to Nice or his summer' jaunt to Norway. Each year, therefore, ifl-1 creases the nu-iber of people who prefer to live in a hotel, or an appirtmeat, with the fewest passible servant3. This at once bacom-23 a hari; dicap on hospira'.ity/^ince the coming of a guest implies the immediate upheaval of the routine of living. j " A you tig married man was recenty looking over the plan infra llat .which lie >v>S' considering, for a future home, whenf a friend at • his elbow remarked—"But it gives you'no guest-room." "Exactly so,''w.vs the cynical re3pj:i3e, "that is why I have decided to take it." j The statement"mWy seem brutal, but it ia| a fact patent to all, that to ke.-p open house isito; keep a railroad hotel. The strain upon the nervous vitality of the host, and especially the" hostflss/i WtKila/Vi enormous, efih if it were their oilly occupation ; but"tint'it seldom Is.' Never perhaps in the history of the world has the pressure on the vitality, the time and the nerve? of jnen.and. women. beca .so, .great as it is to'day.r ' How can a wbnrin Sit' down to calm enjoyment of a visit, when she is haunted by the ghosts of unwritten letters, unreturn'ed call, and unread books ; not to mention such, prosaic sjiectrcs as'uhdarned stockings and un: cared- forchildren ! Tlloja duties may be put aside for one guest, but when the cii'olo becomes uii qndin^ theyTgrow .into impossibilities .. r. \ • j'.The gtrairi:uppn^hewman of th's Kqu33:isjnltnost' as great. He returns from a day's work at the ofli'je, which leaves every nerve throbbing with irritatic n. He is fit for nothing but dressing sack, pipe, and slippers before the Sre, or! a reitful nap on the"sofa. Iisie.ld, he is rcquosted to hurry o(T to meet his wife's, cousins, or still wvracxlijjjown, who are to arrive at the (Jrand Central Station.. .'Thqir arrival delays the dinner hour," thereby adding indigestion to lii3 other troubles. So icing . its ^ the expenses of living fall well within.the iii«5ilte< hospitality is compara tively easy,'but the moment"tfieic is any diffi culty in meeting the monthly bills a visiter i3 actually dreaded The small family economies must (iitherjbe,put,aside and, the financial pro blem lillowodto grow' still more complicated,, or they must be made painfully apparent when contrasted with the ajKresnvo abundance which riots in the streets about. -Fark« Carroll. Ths Great Rival-.—The Hon. Edward Pierre pont, e*-Minister to KngUnd, liaa written a pap'* to tho In:lipctP{eht„tia\v Yd-k, oh "The Gre»t Rivals—England mid tjicUuited Stites," in which ho adviea the Americans to stand to their guns. He a"so says :—"Nothing so amazes an American when he visits England for the first time as tha profound feeling' of perfonal loyalty which lie everywhere sees manifested towards the' sovereign and har family. ■ It is a something which ilo native-bred American can even dimly, comprehend. To bini it is a vei I ed_ mystery t hat he can no more under/tiad thnn h'c;oah understand the Nirvana of B.id kla." Mr. Pierrepjut con tinues :—"Another cherished delusion m»rao well be abandoned—inmely, that Enclaud before long is to become a republic. The Prince of Wales is 46 years old—in the high prime of lifo. charm;::? in' manners, of infinite tact, largely iatelliger'!', and not, Without ambition. . . . He will mak's the ablest, m«lt enlightened king that ever wore the British"Ciwa.L ile'Vill be hailed by the British people at king, and Empef'.n- of India ;by the Grace of God and right divine. . , . Tiiere may be a day in the future when England will have a Government 'by' tliu people and for tile people;' but Ion? before that day the coming King of England will have been gathered to his f ithers. Advice to SwnniEtts.— A novice eaniiot learn too early to . swim, rightly.. .The best swimmers in a heavy seaway' asinine !i vertical position and tread water to rise with a rolling wave. Racers in the water assume a variety; or positions ; some swim on their side, hand over hand, and others on their?back. Each has his favourite mode' of action, but in these the general run of those learning to swim tako little interest.; Whan; a paVsou can swim: with ease in the ordinary way, if lie is'ainbitious" to learn more he will find no difficulty in the way. To l:.e on the back with comfort, depress the lieud to the ears and the feet will naturally come to the surface, and^ho floater will, feel himself on ft bed of case softer'thau downy pillows are.!' Swimming' cin the back, the arms folded on the broast, is "only delightful in itself, but gives the arm3 rest. A person seized With cramp in the lags should at oaee throw himself upon his back and lie as quiet as possible,, and in <t fenr seconds sufficient vitality will couic to enable him to reach the shore or to obtain °.elp. Those liable to cramps should never go into water , .alone ,or swiia out of their depth. .Lang dives . Lare injn'rioiis;' they cause a rusl/of'bloocrto<the head, which in after life, may produce vertigo. ■The natives of the Pacific and ofthe Mediter ranean, who pasi half their lives in the water, are inured to diving from childhood and are uot required to do 'much thinking, consequently their brains are sluggish. It is different with our young folks whose brains are kept sensitive by the labours of the schoolroom. The .Value of Aphorisms.—-The essence of aphorism was the compression of a mass of thought and observation into a single saving. It was the very opposite of dissertation and deck mation. Its distinction was not so much in genuity as good sense brought to a point. It ought to be neither enigmatical nor llat ; neither a truism, on the one hand, nor a riddle 011 the other. It had beeu saiil that the order of our knowledge was this—that we knew best, first, wlnt we had divined by native instinct ; second, what we had learned by experience of men and tilings ; third, what we had learned not in books but by books—that is, by the reflections that they suggest ; fourth, last, and lowest, what we had learned in books or with masters. The virtue of an amphorism came under the third of those heads. It con veyed a portion of a truth with such point as to set ns thinking 011 what remained. Let them remember that this wisdom of life was the true salt of literature,, that those books, at lenst in pross, were most nourishing which were most richly stored with it, ami that it was one of the the great objects, apart from the mere acquisition of knowledge, which men ought to seek in the reading of books. John .Morley. A Doctor s Life.—Picture to vourself for a brief moment the life of a medical man in the full tide of his professional career ; what a stormy, anxious unrest it is what exorbitant exactions are made upon his resources ; what exaggerated expectations are fonned of his power* ; what unthinking demands are made upon his vital energies. By day and by night, for rich and for poor, with or without recom pense, lie must obey the summons of suffering humanity. How many anxious, complicated unfortunate cases he meets—cases where great confidence is placed, where great interests are at stake, where the feelings are strongly enlisted —cases where life may be'just quivering in the balance, ami one slight error of jiuUjuieut may snap the slender thread ; when every eye is turned with anxious, trusting faith and eager hope upon him, and lie must sustain their drooping hopes by a fictitious calmnoss, and assume a confidence that his judgment belies, until his overtaxed mind and overwrought feel ings are well nigh exhausted with the effort. Ag nn, he must bo ever r. ady to encounter acci dents, disease, and death in all their most apall ing forms ; when friends aro paralysed with fear, and when contagion carries panic to the stoutest hearts, he must be there to gaze on sufferings he cannot relieve, and to f °el that science is impotent and humbled in the pre-enco of indomitable death.—The Family Doctor. Encouragement fou Writers—The Fate or a Short Story.—.1 once wrotea little talo in iialf an hour, and would then havo been glad to sell it for five dollars. I peddled it to nearly every paper in the United States and Canada without avail. When about to cre mate the story a new paper npneared. 1 offered my sketch and had tho pleasure of correcting tho proofs two days later, con scious that the following week would brim' nie thirty six dollars, tho plates, and the copy right of my sketch. As long as tho paper existed I was one of its most favoured contributors. And now an odd matter in con nection with that sketch. The editor thought it .vori.h covering by special copy wright. L\vn .lundred and thirty pipers C'>nside**ed the sketch good enough to risk violating tho copyivright, and among the 230, 18(i had de clined tl.e story in the two preceding rears.— Ired C. Valentine, M. D , in The Writer. A 1 itACTK'.VL Test. —1There is uothinc like practically testing any new thing, and in this hne the Americans are certainly not behind hand. A newlyiuventedcarstovewas dropped from tho roof of a seven-storey building m Chicago after a roaring lire had been lighted •"it. The inside cylinders of tho st-ovc were shattered to pieces, but the heavy boiler iron cuing outside was not broken, and no Sro came out. The object of the test was to de monstrate that this stove is practically proof to even the biggest sma-h known in the his ( tory of American railroad disaster, and tho experiment, undor the circum.star.ces was 1M: I success:u! as it cn:!d well be sh-rr, of , actual collision. -Iron, 