The Story Teller. THE GRAY MAN'S PATH AN ARTIBT'8 ADVENTURE ON THE IRISH COAST SIXTY YEARS' AGO. ' Shure, sir,' said the landlord, ' ye might see for y'rselt av ye be so moinded, whenever ye please, av ye have the patience and courage to bide in Btloh a wild, lonesome spot as nightfall comes on.' ~ ?? Andfye'tell me,' said the traveller, 'that's part of the ' gray man's bargain, is it? He won't show up to more than one at a time, eh ?' «? Deed, that's what they ^do say, sir, and that's n hat I do believe. Ony ways no two people together has ever seen him, whereas there are many hereabouts as have tad peeps of him when they've been alone —I my self more than once.' ' Well, it is a dreary, lonesome place, as you say, even at mid-day, and on a . wild and stormy evening a man wpuld stand a raro good chance of toppling over the cliff if he were benighted ; no- 1 don't think I shall wait, if I've done my work, \- for the sake merely of encountering ^ tho gray man. If he likes to turn up while I am there, I shall be happy to make his acquaintance.' ' If ye do see him though, sir, I'd give him a wide berth ; he's an ugly customer.' . 'I don't suppose he'll interfere with me ; I sha'n't with him.' ' Keep clear of his path onyway, that's all ; don't bide within arm's length of it, or he'll do you a mischief.' ' Oh, I'm not afraid of his ghostship, if ghost he really be. I must go up there again to-morrow, if tho wether holds clear, for I'm rather sweet on my sketch, and should like to finish it, particularly,' added the speaker, ' as you say it is ? already like the place, and that you would have known it anywhere.' * ' Ay, ay, deed I should, sir ; why, ye3, to be shure, there be all those blocks 'o' crag and bowlder, which mark the ' Gray Man(s Path,' as like as life, and where it goes down over the face of the cliff : why, it makes ye a'most giddy to look _ at it in the draught, even while one's sitting here snug afore the fire.' The room where the above scrap of conversation took place w»3 the rough bar parlor of the 'Dolphin and Anchor,' the whole hostelry of which the small fishing village of Ballygarvan boasted sixty years since. And the village of Ballygarvan was but one of the more or less similar out-of-the-way groups ot cottages which at distant intervals dot the wild notheastery seaboard of the sister isle. Nowhere in the district is the ' envious seige of watery Neptnne'more effectually beaten back by the rocky shore, That the land must have slipped \- . away from time to time goes without saying, but ' from time to time' .was so long ago that the memory of man ran not back to it. Everything looked so strong and durable, so time-worne and yet un changed, that it seemed impossible it ever could change again. Nor was thero any feature along that stretch of shore which appeared more durable than the great bluff known far and wide as Garvan Head. Conspicuous for miles it rose some 600 feet above the level of the breakers forever swirling and crashing up to its foot — a sheer wall of flat, blackish-gray, rock, absolutely smooth for the mam part, save tor a thin, ragged, diagonal whitish line running half-way down from a sort of rift or fissure at the top. The hills inland are so high and precipitous as to almost claim the name of mountains ; and this Garvan Head is in fact simply a mountain abruptly terminated by the sea, sliced in half, as one may say, by that 'great green dragon which is forever eating up the land' ; the other half having formed in that far-back time a very considerable and apparently satisfying morsel for the monster ; for, as had been said, he had not for a very long while seemed inclined to renew his meal in that direction. Treeless, almost pathless, bowlder-strewn and barren, the surface of the ground is, nevertheless, fine in color, owing to the quantity of ragged, wind-swept heather which clothes it. It is perhaps, this color, intermingling as it does with crag, cliff and jutting rock, which would make it an attractive region for the artist. Even in the prevailing gray of the hard nothem weather the warm tones of this healthy growth give a fortuitous, weird and lurid glow to the scenery. The traveller above quoted, being an artist, had been drawn to the spot by these considerations : and though accomoda tion was naturally rough at the best ' in such a wild district, he was young and vigorous, and found in the '? Dolphin and Anchor' sufficient comfort for his tem orary purpose. The season was late autumn, the hour drawing on towards 10 at night. The two speakers were sitting before an ample peat fire, enjoying their pipes and toddy, to participate in which the visitor had invited two or three of the rough fisher men frequenting the inn. It was his habit always to make himself at home with the natives, and in such localities as this became as far as possible one of them, associating himself with their lives and daily occupations, for he could manage a boat with the best of them, and in physical strength was more than equal to many. All had now departed, and the artist was left alone with the landlord, out of whom he was getting scraps of local .information. This man was a talkative, pleasant fellow, but whose eyes, in spite of a merry twinkle, accaBionally betrayed a look of cunning when he bent them upon his guest. The half-finished oil sketch in question had been exhibited, and was standing on a chair in as favour able a light as the pair of dim guttering candles afforded. After a pause, during : whioh the landlord had been examining it closely, the artist took up the talk, u Tell me more about this gray man,' he said ; 'and his path — has it been there ~ long ?' ' Shure it has, sir, ony number of years.' ' Is there any legend or story about it t' ?? 'Ay, 'deed, and there is, too, and a ? mighty strange one. Not that I can spake tor having it quite pat; but what -I know I'll tell yo, and welcome, sir.' Then in effect this is what the artist heard : Wild and lawless gangs of wreckers in fested many parts of the coast of Ireland in the ' good old times,*' and none were said to be more cruel than those in the neighbourhood of Garvan Head. Ever since the days when some of the ships of the Spanish Armada were driven ashore near the Giant's Causeway the atrocious custom prevailed ; and many of those who later on took part in it were supposed to bo descendants of some of those crews who survived the disaster to the Spanish fleet. In the latter half of the Eighteenth century a notorious leader of one of these gangs was a certain Cepos O'Morrogh, who throve and grew rich, it was said, on the proceeds of his infamous career. Foul and cruel deeds without number were set down to him, and conspicuously one which followed on the destruction of a noble ship upon some of the fahtistic and dangerous rocks which stand out like fiendish sentries guarding the approach to Ballygarvan and the headland. A young man, bearing up a senseless and beautiful girl, and swim ming and battling for life, was thrown by the violent storm-tossed breakers on to a ledge of smooth rock at the very feet of a knot of wreckers, waiting, as the helpless strugglers believed, to rescue them. O'Morrogh was in the front, and even an outstretched finger would have saved the young man and his. burden from being swept back by the recoil of the water. But O'Morrogh instead seized the girl, and, tearing her from the weakened hold of her rescurer, passed her into the arms of one of his followers, as he with a fierce blow struck back the helpless man into the boiling surf, never to be seen again, until his mangled body was washed up, with' others, upon the shore days afterward. The wreck happened in the early dawn. The girl- was richly attired, having much jewelry about her, while the man was well-nigh devoid of clothing, and it was the sight of the jewels which caught the wrecker's greedy eyes rather than her ex treme beauty. But when she was found to be still living, other passions .were aroused in the villian's ^breast, and he ordered her to be conveyed to his rude cabin, which lay in a sheltered hollow in the hills some quarter of a mile to the rear of Garvan Head. Here, the legend i runs, the forlorn and helpless maiden was kept in captivity for many weeks by O'Morrogh, until one bright moonlight night, about the hour he was in the habit of visiting her to plead in vain his offensive fuit, she managed to escape. As she was flying, (she knewnot whither,) across the bleak hill top, she saw him coming. Then she flew still faster, now toward the edge of the cliff, he hotly pur suing. Her light form flitted like a ghost beneath the moonlight, but her strength was well-nigh exhausted, and had the cliff-edge been many yards further, he would have overtaken her, and her freedom in the arms of death would have been ex changed for a return to captivity and outrage. Happily the ruffian was baffled. She reached the craggy ridge overhanging the precipice, and before he could seize her, she had taken that wild plunge into space and eternity which was at once her salvation and his defeat. He gazed over the cliff furious at being balked and began, it is averred, to make his way down the face o£oit by the harrow diagonal ridge which traverses it, to the eye of the spec tator at sea life a faint whitish line. Some of his comrades in crime came up in time to see the end of the pursuit, and to see him slowly disappear over the crest. But when they, too, gazed down there was no sign of O'Morrogh, or of the hapless girl ; they had both, of course, perished. The foot-hold on the diagonal ridge of rock was so precarious as to lead to certain death, and O'Morrogh was the first man ever known to attempt its descent, and the last, for ho was never seen again in the flesh. Years after, however, the super stitious terrors of the scattered and sparse population were aroused by a report that soHtaty wayfarers across the mountain at times would see the figure of O'Morrogh ' gliding between the site of his old cabin and the sea, and that the way across the heather by which he passed was worn into a path as if by the constant tread of feet. At the period when he met his well deserved death he was said to bo sixty years of age, and though still strong and upright, his originally black, long hair and beard hail grown quite gray, and for this reason the trodden path along' which he was seen to go was named after him, and 'The Gray Man's Path' ^it has ever since remained. 