a:r, ius THE LIBYAN AN IDYL OF THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH. BOOK I. Chapter V.— A Pagan Heemit, Old and Gray.— (Continued ) The bloodlesB hands were clasped upon the ancient's aching breast, the noble grey head was bowed with hopeless sorrow, the weary ejf e seemed dim with long and bitter anguish. Arias guzed upon him with astonishment and sympathy. Then the erand crifts of evarv hnm n iuister of Cbrbt, the missionary's yearning to instruct, the physician's longing for the power to heal and to strengthen, moved in the boy's hetrt, and once more he sprang to hii feet, and with extended hand that quivered with emotion like tbe python's tongue, and tearful, t - intillant eyes, and head bent forward from the long, lithe neck, and a strange thrill in bin vibrant musical voice, he cried—' Who thall deliver the* ? Surely Jesua Christ, our Loid. He saveth even unto the uttermost all th&t; eomeu&toGod; by Him. Believe and live.' 'So, so,' said tbe ancient, in toneB of hope less weariness. ' Believe and live. Believe 1 arjd live. *He that believeth on me Bball never 1 die. Be tbat believeth on me, though he were , -3e*dj yet ebail tie live again.' O new, strange faith, hidden through all the dynasties like the , Nile's ondiscoverable source, yet ever hinted at in the few high, arid, half-intangible truths io wbich the priests of Ra believed. What if it be true? What if the spiritual dualism of the firet cause, which the priests gradually elabo rated into the splendid pageantry and elegant mysticism of Hesiri-Hep, and the offspring Home, has at last become an actual truth by - tbe incarnation of the spiritual son of the one ' God tbat is necessarily a spiritual hermaphro- \ ditel Through the long centuries the priests ' secretly sneered at the polytheisms which they t taught to the people, and they did believe in 1 one God that was utterly unknown to the 1 masses of mankind, for whom they had neither '?? name nor symbol ; and they conceived him to ' be a dual entity, containing in himself tha fulness of double spiritual eexhood ; and they ; stood in awe of some grand revelation which ; they supposed would sometime be made to : mankind when this one, almighty, hermaphro- j dite spirit should ' beget' with one side of his spiritual nature and ' conceive' with the other, ' and incarnate its son in flesh, and save man 1 by assuming human nature. This they Baw foreshadowed in Heairi-Hes; this was the mystery which the priests perceived in every ApiB the emblem of one 'hidden' like the ; fountains of the Nile; tor in the hieatic - language Hapi, which is 'hidden.' signing . both the sacred river and the sacied bull ? for this they prepared the mummy tbat a body might be ready for the returning soul when , 'the hidden' should be revealed; this, the sacred scaraVaei dimly intimated, and this was the secret mystery that lurked beneath the veil ot Hes that 'no mortal hand hath lifted.' Some such gloriouB revelation must have flitted past Greek Plato's vision, when he longed for a clearer statement of the will of God to men, and prophesied the coming man. This was the grand thought of Moses, the monotheiBt, when in the same breath he denounced all forms of p jly theism, and yet designated the one God whom he worshipped by a name which is the plural mimVipr nf a TTaKfaw nnnn ?' An/1, ar if hp had forgotten the presence of Arius altogether, who Eat listening to this strange monologue with silent wonder, the ancient continued the unconscious utterance of his fervid medita tions. ' So hath it been throughout the world with every ancienteat form of all original my the; for while Assyria and the MedoPer Biana and other comparatively modern nations, and afterward the Greeks and Romans, bor rowed only the lower, vulgar forms which the Egyptians had fashioned for popular use, in China Chang and Eng symbolised the original conception of one dual God tbat afterward degenerated into anthropomorphism ; and in India Indra and Agni, a primitive conception that antedates Brahma, Siva, and Vishnu by countless centuries, and is the burden of the andentest and tmcorrupted Rig Veda, bean unequivocal testimony to the same primitive conception ; and the Buddhas taught that they were, perhaps believed them selves to be, earthly manifestations of the spiritual self conception of one dual God; for polytheism was never the original form of any primitive nation's faith, and every people that began with paganism borrowed from some older nation in which the original faith had already been degraded. Strange! most strange ! Ob, if it could be proved ! If it could only be proved that Jesus of Nazareth is, in very truth, the incarnation of that which was to be 'begotten' and 'conceived' of the one dual God, and born of a woman into the world, how grandly would the fact vindicate the primitive utter ances of all hnnian faith, and translate its vague but splendid dreams into a glorious reality ! It must be true 1 Surely it must be true 1 For among Egyptians, Chinese, In dians, and Jews this original faith preceded all idolatries !'' Then, buried in profoundest meditation, the old man ceased to speak. But after a time he roused himself, and, looking upon the astonished youth, he said, 'And thou be lievest all this 1 thou haBt ' never been such an idiot as to doubt it !' Happy art thou, boy, if thou shalt preserve unfalteringly and on queationingly thy serene and all-reliant faith.' But the lad's sturdy independence of thought asserted itself, and he answered, 'Nay, sir ; I have professed faith in none of the things of which thou speakest. I believe in one God and in Jesus Christ, His only-begotten Son, and in the Holy Ghost. I believe not in HeBiii-Hep, nor in Chant; and Eng, nor in Indra and Agni, nor in any gods which Moses denounced as falsest idols. Nor in Jupiter, nor Venus, nor Mars, nor in any of the gods that came into fasbion with the heathen long since Moses died.' The ancient smiled approvingly, and replied — ' Thou art altogether in the right, my son. Many of the gods in which the nations believe were born locg after the records kept by the Egyptian priests began, but all were born of the myths which Egyptian, Chinese, and Indian priests wove about the grand, primitive conception of one dual God. The idolaters of other lands received in various forms the mythologies which the priests wove about the most ancient simple faith, which was primarily the same for all, only the children of Abraham refused to add any thing to the otigina} conception, clinging obstinately to the primitivejnonothektic idea ; -jtnd yet Mose* designates the one God by his name of Adonai, tbe plural number of & Hebrew noun ; and when the one God speaks of Himself He uses the words ' we,' * our, and ' ue ;' JUt us make man in our own image and likeness. Though seest that it would be con trary to reason that the original utterance of every faith should be the affirmation of God tbat was one. and yet more than one, unless tbe Divine Being is spiritually hermaphrodite, haviDg a double spiritual sezhood. Thou seeat that, if this were not so, Moses could not have used the plural number to designate one God. Thou seest that, if it were not so, the only act possible to God would have been creation, not generation ; and tny faith in '-the only- begotten Son' must have been false; and the very ancientest forms of faith would have been demonstrated to be merely impossible falsehood— impossible because there can not be a falsehood which does sot originate in and grow out of a truth, for falsehood is a perversion or misconception of the truth ; for falsehood iB not that which hath no existence, but is tbe wrong statement or conception of that which doth exist. If it were not so, my son, thy faith in God the Father, Son, and ,Holy Ghost would be merest polytheism, for three are not one, nor is one three ; but the three may be one divine nature and family. For the one God was always conceived of by tbe nrimary faith as a dual being, possessed of 'both elements of spiritual Bexhood perfectly; and 'begotten' is a proper tiling1 to say of one side of the dual God, and 'conceived' is a proper thicg to say of the other ; and so thou mayet believe, without any imputation of polytheism, in Christ, as a being ' begotten,' not created ; ' conceived,' not made. Would that I knew that Jesus of Nazareth is he !' ' ThiB learning is entirely new to me,' said the lad. ' Perhaps it is higher than I am yet able to comprehend. I believe in just pre cisely what the gospels say, no more, no less ; tbat Jesus is the Christ, only-begotten Son of God, conceived of the Holy Ghost, before there was a creation, and born of the Virgin into the world locg after God by him had made all thingB that are created. But, with thy pro found knowledge of all these mysteries, how is it that thou thyself dost not believe? Who and what art thou, thou ancient, learned, yet unhappy man, whom may our Lord soon bless and save ?' ' I love thee, boy, but I am old, and now too weary to talk more with thee. Wilt thou not come unto me again ? I desire to live in seclu sion as I have done for years, and beg of thee to tpeak of me to none ; but come again thyself whenever tbou canst.' 'I will return upon the seventh day hence,' said AriuB, 'and speak of thee to none except my father's family, and thou wilt not be an noyed by -them. And so^ fare- thee- well, sir, and may the peace of God come upon thee.' ' Amen,' said the ancient, ' and farewell.' Chapteb VI.— Flotson op the Middle Sea. In the evening of that day upon which Arius encountered the strange old eremite upon the mountainside, draggled skirts of clouds swept across tbe northern horizon, and distant lightaiDge gleamed upon tbe waves. Daring the night the storm came nearer and nearer, and before sunrise the wind roared wildly over the Baocalis farm, and the troubled sea broke in foam and thunder for many a league along the coast. All day the tempest raged, but with nightfall the clouds broke away, although the turbulent waves continued to roll and tumble on the coast, and the angry waters gurgled through the narrow entrance into the little!) ly upon which Bancalis frosted. The dwellers at the farm watched the magnificent display from their open windows, bnt saw no sign of any ship belabored by the storm, and, after their usual religious exercises, retired to rest, thank ful that there seemed to be no wreck along their coasts. During the night the sea ran down, and when Arius, early in the beautiful mornii g, went to the garden's edge beside the water, there waB only a gentle swell perceivable apon the bosom of the deep, and a faint murmur of the waters crowding into and out of the narrow opening of the bay with a gurgling noise from which the farm derived its name. The lad pursued his usual occupation until his attention was caught by a sound under the bank below him as if some one gently and regularly -shuck upon the rock, and the boy then stepped forward, and, parting with his hands the fringe of shrub and weeds that grew upon the verge of the land, he gazed down into the waters of the bay, and at once discovered that the unusual sounds were made by tbe striking of the ends of some spars that compoBed a Email raft against the rock with the rise and fall of every wave. He also saw that two long spars or fragments of a ship's mast had been fastened across two others so as to form a small square between them, and that a large bull's bide was securely stretched over this square, leaving the four ends of Hie tim bers extending beyond it. He also saw the outline of a human form lying supinely upon tbe bide, and of a smaller figure, wuh its head resting upon the otber, both covered orer with a bright -hued woollen quilt. DEFFHTIVP ORir* The lad called loudly to his father, who was at work in an adjacent field, bat at a consider able distance from him, and as soon as he had caught his attention Arras sprang down tha back to ascertain whether the persons so quietly lying upon the raft were still alive. The endB of the timbers projected far beyond the hide upon which they lay, and the boy found himself in deep water almost at his first step from the Bhore ; bnt he had been accus tomed to daily baths in tbe bay from child hood, and without fear or hesitation he boldlj dashed in between the projecting timbers to ward the hide on which the bodies lay. The noise he made in calling Ammonias, and in daBhing through the water roused up one of tha sleepers on the raft, and she slightly raiaed hes head, snd with her hand threw back the woollen covering, and ArinB saw the swarthy face of a young Egyptian girl of 12 turned upon him with wide- open, wondering eyes. The other form was that of a woman, but she neither spoke nor move^, and Arius thought the must be dead, But the girl did speak, and the boy thought she used the Egyptian tongue, although he could not understand hec words. Then he said, 'Maiden, canst thoa speak in Greek.' A swift gleam of intelligence broke over tha i hiJd'8 wan face, and she joyfully answered, 'Yea, for in Alexandria Greek is the common fpeech of all, whether they be Romans, Egyptians, or Jews.' ' Art thou wet f ' Yea,' she said, 'soaked in Bait water foe 1 know not how long ; bat I have slept; soundly, and mamma has not even yet waked up.' 'If thou art eo thoroughly wet already a little more water will not hurt thee ; . so put thine arms about my neck, hold fast, and E will carry thee to land.' ' But. mother !' she cried ; and then be coming frightened that -she did not awake, she kissed her passionately, saying, ' Mamma 1 mother ! wake up ! We have drifted to the shore 2' Then the poor lady murmured words that . neither of them could comprehend, but she made no attempt to move, and seemed to bs talking unconsciously. Then Arius took tha girl's hand in his, saying gently, ' My fathec will soon be here, and together we can take thy mother from the raft. Come thou with me.' Then the girl raised herself up into a sitting poBture, and Arius, holding to the spar with ona hand, withjthe other drew her do wnjinto theses beside him, saying—' Now put up thine arms and hold on tightly ; it is bnt a few feet to tha shore.' And the girl Baid, 'I can swim as well as thou, but I am weary and cold and; bncgry, and will patone hand! on thy shoulder. And when she had done so the boy went hand overhand along tha spar, and drew himself and her rapidly shore ward until his feet rested firmly upon the bottom, and then he caught the child up in hia arms and lifted: her up to the dry ground. By this time Ammonias, coming with all Bpeed, had reached the bank above them, and. at one swift intelligent glance comprehended the Bcene in all its pitiful details; then ha sprang down the bank beside them, and said unto Arius, ' Doth the woman yet live 2' 'Yea, father, she was talking even now* but I scarcely think she knew what things aha said.' ' Run thou unto the house swiftly, tell thj mother, and bring hither a saw,' And the boy sprang up the bank instantly and ran homeward. Then Ammonius spoke kindly to the girl, saying, ' How farest thoa little maiden?' And the child said, ' I am well enough, but wet and hungry. Bnt mamma is ill. Please bring her to the land.' 'Yea, maiden; soon will my son return with a saw, wherewith I can saw off two of the timbers where they cross the other two, and so draw the raft up close to the land, and then lift thy mother gently and safely to the shore, DoBt thou understand me, child V ' Yea,' she answered, ' and I see that it u best to wait. But I want my mother ; she ia sick, indeed.' Very soon the agile youth returned, bringing, the saw with him, and Ammonius immediately ewam out to the bull's hiie, and Bawed away two kof the timbers at the intersection thereof, and quickly drew tbe raft close up against the - shore, and took up the quilt and cast it to Arras, telling him to spread it out upon tha ground, and in his strong arms lifted up tha unconscious woman and bore her up tha bank, and gently laid her upon the quilt. Soma Arete and old Thopt joined them ; and Arius and his mother took each an ead of the qtrilfc upon which the woman lay, and Ammonias gathered up the other two ends, and they bora - her gently but swiftly to the cottage ; and old Thopt took the girl's hand in hers and followed' then as quickly as her growing infirmities per mitted. - » Arete and old Thopt stripped the poor lady of hex elegant apparel that waa soaked through - witb sea-water, and rubbed ber vigorously with woollen cloths, clothed her with warm woollen, gowns out of Ante's wardrobe, and gave hex bot tea made of such shrubs as were known to - their simple domestic pharmacy. The sofiarse manifestly got much relief from thistreatment« but it was only too apparent that the terrible exposure to which she had been subjected had taken hold upon tile very coots of life in her; beautiful bnt delicate frame. Her unconscious murmurs were uttered in tbe Egyptian tongue' and no sooner had old Thopt heard it than a strange excitement seized her, and ahs- answered the lady in the same strange speech, crooring over her like a mother over a afct child, or more like some affectionate animal licking its wounded young; for the Egyptian speech evidently showB tbe syllabication into articulate Bounds of thoughts that were pri marily expressed in signs and grimaces-»tha translation of brute means of communication into words ; and its original rudimentary form is as direct and unveiled in the expression . of passion and emotion ' as the actions of an animal could be. The maiden, Theckla, having been well rubbed, well clad in dry garments, and well fed with bot soup and viand*, seemed almost free from any ill effects of -her long exposure upon the raft; and, being assured that her mother was tenderly cared for, rapidly re ccveied her health and spirits. (To be continued, ) A complimentary banquet was tendered by tha officers of the Engineer in- Chiefs Department to Messrs. G. Coomber and Q. Ltmberg at the Imperial Hotel on Saturday evening. The guestB have been lately retrenched, owing to the amalgamation of the departments of En gineer in- Chief, Hydraulic Engineer, and Conservator of Water. After pgrfa^Hng of a substantial repast, a handsome album, contain ing the photos of bis late fellow-officers, was presented to Mr. G. Coomber. The album bore a silver shield, on which waB the following inscription :—' Presented to George Coomber, Esq., by bis fellow officers of the Engineer in- Chief 'b Department as a token of their esteem. Adelaide, South Aus tralia, Jnne 30, 1888.' Mr. Coomber came to this colony nnder a three years' engagement with the Government, and has Berved in all eix. years in the Engineer-inChief's Department. Regret waB expressed that so able and genial an officer should have to leave the service. The healths of Messrs. Coomber and Lunbergr were enthusiastically drunk, and testimony was borne to their sterling qualities, after wbich both gentlemen suitably replied. Songs and recitations were then indulged in, and ft xcoBt enjoyable evening was spent. 