[Advertisement.] A LETTBR TO ARCHDEACON JONES. Sir,—It is not my intention in this letter to reply to the personal attack yon made upon me from your platform, but in the interest ot my Divine Master and his cause. I desire to point out to the people of this ; town the misquotation of -Holy Scripture and misrepresentation of historial facts, made by you last Monday evening. Should you feel aggrieved or misrepresented in any way, the press is as open to you as to me. For proof that Infant Baptism is divinely authorized, you quoted Mat. xix-14, " Suffer , little children to come unto me and forbid ; them ñót, for of such is the Kingdom of Heaven." You know very well that this passage has no connection whatever with Christian Baptism. Why. then do you quote it ? Jesus took the little children in his arms, put his hands upon them, and ended by blessing them. Do Paedobaptists take Christ for their example and end here? Jesus did not say that the Kingdom was composed of little children, but of such as little children, or in other words of euch as have the humility, simplicity, and gentle ness of little children. , Infant Baptism was unknown to the Apostles; otherwise the Disciples would have encouraged the pious Jews in bringing their children to Baptism instead of rebuk ing them. Now, here was the - best possible op portunity for baptizing the. little children of earnest and pious Jews, who desired all good things for. their babes, but Jesus only took them up in his arms, laid his hands upon them, blessed them, and departed without baptizing them, or commanding them to be baptized. _ This incident, recorded by three evange lUts (not one of them mentioning baptism), is worth a thousand theories in proving that it was not the will of the Savior that children should be baptized. Your, next argument you produce from Acts ii, 38, and 39. "The promise is unto you and to your children." What was the Promise ? The Gift of the Holy Ghost. On what condition does Peter say the promise «hall be fulfilled, and the Holy Spirit given ? ' Repent and be baptized everyone of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins.' If you do this ■ you shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit,* Can an infant do this—repent and be baptized ? if-no, then it is . a subject of the promise, and shall receive the gift of the Holy Spirit. If the Apostle Peter teaches infant membership, then he teaches infant repentance also. If infant Baptism is im plied, then the inspired man of God is con victed of demanding an impossibility in order to the enjoyment of the promise, for only a baptism preceded by repentence could secure the enjoyment of the promise. You complain that yon have been told that \- children' inthis passage does ^ not mean children. You surely don't think it means infants do you? If you do please look at the 41st and 42nd verses and you will aee that these "Children." "Gladly received his word," "were baptized." "continued steadfastly in the Apostles' dcctrine, fellowship, break ing of bread, and in prayers." Dn the infante yon are in the habit of sprinkling manifest gladness on hearing the word ? Do the^-continue in the Apostles doctrine ? In fellowship ? Do they participate in the "Breaking of Bread?'" Do they pray? These surely must have been remarkable infants, for they dir] all these things. You next draw attention to several house holds Paul baptized, and say if you are right in your inference, there may have been half-a dozen Other fathers and mothers in these housrholds, and that it is strange beyond miracle if in these households there were no children.' We are not honnd to follow wherever your ineferences may lead. We are safer following the infallible word of God. Let ns see what it says upon these household baptisms. " —■— The first is the household of Cornelius, but it is evident'there were no infants .here, for. it is indicated that they both believed, Acts x-48, and repented, Acts xi-18. The next case Is the household of Lydia (Acts xvi-14, 15). There is no mention of infants, here. But yon may say * It is extremely probable that there were infants here.' No ! it is extremely improbable. For in the first place, yon would bave to assume that Lydia had a husband, 2nd that she had children, 3rd that they were too young to believe, 4th that she would have them with heron her merchandis ing tour, 5th that Paul, who was only authorised to baptize believer#, would have baptized infants incapable of believing. The rext household is that of the Jailer, Acts XX i-25 to 34 (inclusive). There were no infants here evidently, for in the 32nd verse we read 'And they (Paul and -Silas) spake unto thein the word of the Lord and to all that were, in hit Turnte.' Men don't nsnal'y present1 hard arguments to infants, do they? Then again if you will read the 34th verse you will see that he (the Jailer) rejoiced believing in God with all his house. They were jail .believers there—In" Acts xviii-8, Wfi cometoibe next household, that of Crispns. He ' believed in the Lord with all his.house.' No infants here? The last house was that of Stephanas, and Panl two years later (some commentators say five years later) tells ns that they were addicted to the ministry of the saints.' Pretty lively Infants, were they not ? You eay it would be 'a greater miracle still if when the apostle preached they were all convinced.' That is the language of unbelief, and not of faith. _ God's word «aya they did believe, and that is sufficient for me. You find fault with Rom. xiv-23, and, charge me with handling the word deceitfully when I remind you of the Apostles words, ' Whatsoever is not of faith.ls sin.' Perhaps you will be good enough to define the mean ing of that vety comprehensive word « Whatsoever.'./ \- But of course itdoesn't mean « Whatso ever.' In reference to Acts ii-38. you ask us ' to "remember the circumstances under which they were uttered, and tell ns that in the event of the Bishop sending yon to the South Sea " Islands, you would -tell the Islanders their first duty was to repent. This would be a long process—a six months' process before you would baptize.' Indeed ! Where do you get the Scripture for such a course of procedure? Chapter and verse please? Tbe 3,000 Pentecostians were baptized the same day, Acts ii-4l.~ The Eunuch was.baptized the same day. Acts viii-fiSr to 38. The Phillipièn Jailter was baptized the same hour, Acts xvi-33. Concerning Luke xi-38, 'And when the Pharisee saw it he marvelled that he had not first washed before dinner.9 You ask if the word Ebaptisthe translated ' washed' in the authorised version should be rendered dipped ? Iftbe Pharisee marvelled that he had not first been baptized, bad not first plunged himself over bead.and «ars? The American Bible Union translate this passage thus, ' The. Pharisee marvelled that he (Jesus) had not .first, immersed before dinner.' This is without a doubt the correct rendering, and |B confirmed by Dr. Halley, an advocate of infant sprinkling. He says, commenting on this passage, 'The Pharisees as early as the time of onrLord, practised immersion after contact with the people.' GroTITTS remarks : • With greater care they purified themselves from contact with the market, not merely by washlntt their.j hands, but by immersing their bodies.' Maimontdks says : * Wherever in the law the washing of the flesh or clothes is mentioned, it means nothing else than the dipping of the whole body in à laver, for if any man dips himself all over except the tip of his little fiuger lie is »fill in his an» ffr-tnnwi ' VatabüLIJS, a distinguished professor of I Hebrew- at Paris, for whom the Jews of Iiis acquaintance entertained high regard, says on the text in question, ' They bathe! the whole person.' Now for that moat wonderful argument-— that argument of anmnidntB—dedúced_fr_¿ni. Leviticus xiv, 4 tofi. - 'As for. the, Jivingbird, he shall take it, and thecedarwood, and the scarlet, and hyssop, :and shall dip them and the living bird in the blood of the bird that was killed over the running water.' Was the bird dipped ? Yes ! Yon -presume first of all, that there was not sufficient blood to immerse the bird in— then you complete the stupendous argument by a further presumption that in order to dip a thing it must of necessity be totally covered or immersed. What overpowering logic î , ' - - •• -J I have before me a saucer containing water, it is 8hallow--not deep enough to cover my finger completely—yet I put. my iBrger in, and take it out again—What have ' I done? ■ Have I nôt ' dipped' my finger II I put mjrink-bottle in the water and take it j nut again-; the same with a medecine bottle, and a peticil. Have I not dipped them all? Yet they have not been com pletely covered by the waier. And just so in regard to the bird, it was dipped in the blood, though perhaps. not completely rovered therein. But with regard to i Christian Baptism, there cannot he the < slightest do'ubty for the Apostle Paul says.j ' We are buried with him by baptism' Rotn. vi. 4 and Colossi ii 12. ' Bnned by"Baptishn.' When you bury a body—you 'put; it; under 'ground-—ont of -j si^btr^-So wé in obedience to God—bury;] "the believër in Baptism—placing the body'; under the water, from which he rises ttf * walk in newness of life.' Bnt let us see to what extremes men's folly will lead.thëm, in their desire to prop up their unscriptural practices—You said you could not believe the living bird was dipped in the blood—if you audience could. Now just to; prevent confusion in the minds of our readers, suppose we speak of ¡ the living bird as if it were the only thing. to be baptized or dipped in the blood of the dead bird. You say that in this case the word bap tize cannot possibly mean ' dip,' and must mean sprinkle or pour Remember ! it is not the blood that is to be baptized upon the Using bird—but the living bird is to be baptized in the blood.. The passage Lev. xiv. 6th verse reads— ' Dip the living bird in the blood.' You say it should read—' Sprinkle the living bird in the blood' or * Pour the living bird in the blood.' Now how are you going to sprinkle the living bird in the blood Î Will you first ! grind it to powder? Or how are jou going to pour th« living bird in the blond? Will you first reduce it to a liquid? I don't wonder there «re infidels in the I world—the wonder is, that there are so few. Baptizo means to dip, to immerse, to 1 plunge, to overwhelm, to submerge. It does not mean to sprinkle, or to pour, and never did. I am aware that Liddell and Scott, (whose names as lexico-graphers have a world-wide renown) in the first edition of their Lexicon, perhaps with a view to please that portion of the religious community who practised sprinkling for Baptism, gave as meanings of ' the word Baptizo ' to sprinkle, to pour,' but but mark the result, the whole scholarship of the world cried out against it, and in their second edition 'to sprinkle and to pour' were not rendered as meanings of the word Baptizo. This fact speaks volumes ! Why did you when you were quoting that passage from Romans vi-3 to 5 omit the words— ' Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death'? Was it because yon couldn't explain them ! away ? Í You say ' the virtue lies in the sacrament ! not in the method.' Nothing of the anrt. ïhevirtnelies in Christ—not in "the ordin ance nor yet the method of adminishing it. Yon say 'In some parts of the world it is impossible to immerse during six months in. the year.' Ah ! How then do they manage in cold Russia where they bave immersed ever j since the church was founded? You say ' Persons who have been to Jerusalem, tell ns it would have been an utter impossibly to hare immersed 3000 ¡ people." You can't in a city then filled with strangers ; if you consider the Jews a cleanly people imagine it possible. They would only have the brook Hebron and that was very likely dry. There was no particularly great supply of wnter in Jerusa lem at any time. Any water that was there wo«ld be stored in tanks. How could they baptize 100 persons. No Doctor would allow 100 persons to be baptized in the same tank of water. To believe they got enough clear water to immerse 3000 is asking a little too much of our credulity.' Can it be possible that you know so little of the Holy Land and its fertility? So little of God's Word ? So little concerning Gods promises to his people ? /We will take,God's description of the Holy Land first, roan's after. Deux xi-10 we read ' For the land whither thou goest in to possess it, is not as the land of Eg^pt from whence ye came out, where thou sowest thy seed and waterest it with thy foot as a garder of herbs ; but the land whether' ye go to possess it; is a land of hills and valleys and drinketh water of the rain of Heaven;' and in viii chap 7th verae, ' For the Lord thy God brijgeth thee into a good land, a land of brooks of water, of fountains and depths that spring out of valleys and hills.' Did the Lord fnlfil his promise ? Read Joshua ! xxi 43rd 44th and 45th verses. .Now. let us see'what Dr. Robinson says (Biblical Researches) : 4 Almost every private j home in Jerusalem of any size, is understood tob ave at least one or more cisterns excavated in the soft limestone rock, upon which the city, is built. The house of Mr. Lanneau in which ' we resided had no less tban four cisterns. From the dimensions of these reservoirs, which he gives, this house alone would have supplied water sufficient lor the. immersion of the whole multitude at j Pentecost. The water íb conducted into these cisterns from the roofs of the honse; during the rainy season, and with proper j care remains pure and sweet dúring the whole sommer and autumn. The same causes which led the inhabitants of Judea to excavate cisterns, induced them also to build in and around most of their cities, large open reservoirs for imre public use. Such are j found at Hebron. Bethel, Gibeon, and various 1 pther places. With suchreservoirs, Jerusalem was abundantly sunplled. ' Without the | walls < f Jerusalem on the west aide, is the | Upper Pool, 316 feet long, and 200 broad. The Lower Pool, 502 by 260 (mean breadth.) . . . The Pool of Hezekiah, 250 by 144. Pool of Bethesda, 300 by 130. ' Solomon's Pools, viz. : The Lower Pool, 582 by 177 ; ' Middle Pool, 423 by 205 ; Upper Pool, 380 ] by 232. Any one of these pools would have Ï been amply sufficient to immerse the 3,000 at Jerusalem.' Dr. Clàrkè .(whose testimony is con firmed by Dr. Barclay), speaking of the district between Sichern and Jerusalem says : —' A sight of it can alone convey any idea j of its surpassing produce. It is truly the j Eden of the East.* ■ He refers :— j 1\. To the King's Pool Neb. ii-xiv, or j Solomon's Pool as it is called by Josephus. He describes the water as rushing in abundance from many little cascades. % The Jiehhemeh Pool, 8* feet long, and 42 broad. Near it is quite a large pool of | water kept wdl fitted. _ 3\. Jeremiah's Pool, ' in which water is ; found till midsummer. _ 4\. Miryarn Pool which supplies the Turkish bath with water, 5\. The liatatorioj or Swimming nlnc^ (suppowd to bt Dm poo) mentioned, Isaiah jcxií-9, 11) 13Ó feet lona, 130- feet broad.. \ " < . ■ 6\. Thf. Bath* ''^TSkriu andrthe «hailed Bath of Batb-Sheba (2nd Sain jki-jl). 7\. The Megara Pool.7 Its «npjply ' was formerly brought from "a iiwintiftl sheet of Hjater tliat collects every- Tèioy se&kpti; in thé cave of Jeremiah,-. . . -:rvivSi : 8. Helena's Cistern, alwut 60 feçtlong ánd 30 feet broad. It has .a constant 'supply of cool sweet -water, pairt to bejänexhauBtiltle. 9\. The Hippie■ Cistern,-kûâ to ..be 100 feet in length, , • . ï ; 10\. The Pool of Siloam} 'about 50 feet long; 16 feet broad. ' * 11\. The immense Reservoir underneath the area of the templé, 765 feet in circuit, and 42 feet in depth. _ Dr. Barclay says (city of the Great King) ' There are besides, several large reservoirs and tanks u ithin a mile of the city, snme of them, caves all filled with..water. 'There are five or six bathing establishments in the city, and most of the better Huds of real dencesbaveprivat* baths' 'Beyond iheim ^mediate environs, within a circuit* wept by a radins of seven miles, there are^jo less than thirty or forty natural ßmngs.' And yet, in ' this land of springs1, a land of brooks of water, of fountains and depths, that spring ont of valleys and bills.' Thus described by Jehovah himself (Dent, viii-7) a country about half the siise of Ireland, having the Jordan; flowing through it for perhaps 150 miles, the. Jabbok sixty-five miles, the Arno« for 80 «nileâ,- with the Sea of Galilee eleven milea in length and five in breadth, the Dead,Sea 39 miles .long and 9 miles broad, together with'ia1 coast line of'; (above ;100 tniles gashed fey.the Mediter ranean*, w# 'Are told by «the leirned ^Arch deacon Jones (despite ■whajt^ßod has said) that it is asking too much ,of his credulity/ 1 to ask him to believe that there wax enough clear water to immerse 3,000 persons. You stated that the original manuscript of a book which you produced bearing the title "The Teachings of the Twelve Apostles" was atill extant, though the'treatise (so you alleged) was written before some -of the epistles, probably between A.D.,60 and 70,' apd yon 1 mentioned the names of Farrar, Howson, And Swainson in connection therewith. Now, sir, will you be good enough "to^tell 1 us where the original manuscript íb, which of the early Fathers alludes to this manuscript, and what proof you- have that it was written before some of thfe epistles ? I consider you bound in honor to do so, since you made , the statement publicly, and then only after yon had 'informed us . that you would permit no interraptions, nor yet answer -anyquestions. : As for me, I prefer, to take the teachiogs of the Apostles from >he Apostles themselves, and in their teachings and in their Divine Master's teachings theré'is no authority what ever for either th&i; sprinkling,-ponrihg, or immersion of infants,-but ihx>£ istoutjiority (which you cannot denvj for. the immersion of believers, I am, «ir, yours &c..; AUSTIN- MORD AUNT. 