THE FROZEN PIRATE * Amsaor oi -ilM Wncx of the Oroerenor,’ * ^ l*dj Hnd,' « A Sailor’s Swcot he*rt,’ Eto. Chatter XII.—A Loitclt Xioirr. BY W. CLARKE RUSSELL, rJ-v-T m my pocket; I fetdiod a snail block of the bl«!k tobacco tfce P“t*T. nnd, with some trooblc, for it waa as hard and dry as glass chipMdoffa bo.lW and fcUa-piffing with tdl the satisfaction of n hardened lover of tobaooo who haa long been denied hi* favourite relish. The punch diffused a plowing plow through my fnune, the tobaoco was lulling, the heat of the fire very wothing, the hearty meal I had eaten had also marvellously invigorated me, so that I toirnd my mind in a posture to justly and ratoon ally consider my condition, and to rnaaon out such probabilities aa Doomed to 1*5 attache! to it. Knrt of all I reflected that bv the usual operation of natural laws this Vast seat of | ‘ thrilling and thick-rihbod toe’ in which theaahoonrr lay bound waa steadily travelling I *° northward, where in duo counto it I would dissolve, though that would not happen ye-.. But as it advanced so would it cany mo nearer to tite pathway* of ships using rtht-« seas, and any day might dis close a Mil near enough to observo such sqtnsl* o! smoke or flag us I might best con tnre,. Bat •apposing no opportunity of thw kmd toufler, then I ought to be able to find in the vr«el materials fit for the construc tion of a wat, if. indeed, I met not with a jduMne« her own stowed under the mnin usual, fo* there certainly was no: boat on j8^-: Niv, my meditations even carried mo further- thiawa* the winter season of the aouthuu Icmisphere, but presentlv the sun would booming my way, whilst ‘the ice, on the other land, floated towards him ; if by the wrack and dissolution of the island tho van not crushed, ah© mutt bo ro ieMef,- in which case, providing sho was tight-sane rar brief inspection of her **ot*^ferf»wed nothing wrong with her that ***• ’•bit throsgh tho shroud of snow—I fcho«lfc*n3*«totit *hip under me in which X wodd hi tUfi to he hove to, or even make shifts^; nil her if the breeze came from the •out\’,fr*nd thus Uko my chano© of being *ighsi atd discovered. Hfl, I had almost said, everything, dc peno® on tho quantity of provisions I shout? flad in her and particularly on tbe stoa f real, for 1 feared I must periah if I hadi , a fire. But there was tho bold to be expi d yet; the navigation of these waters mu* lavo been anticipated by the men of the! rvmer, who were sure to"make hand soro revision for the cold—and the surer if, t fancied, they were Spaniards. Cer tain; hey might hare exhausted their stock of <1 , but 1 could not persuade myself of thin ice the heap in tho enruor of the conk nxs >mehow or other was suggestive of a arum -hind. I .-»• not yet whether more of the crew lay the forecastle, but so far I had eats tered four men only. If these were all, a 1 had a right to believe, grounding on the absence of boats, that most of tl oioipauv had quitted' tho ship, and this! y s'oulii have done early—n suppo sitio its- promised me a fair discovery of store herein 1st my hope ; if I could prok ■ ny lifo for three or four months, then tic ioe was not all gone, it would haw dv.netsi far north, serving mo as a ship d poling me in tho way of delivering tuyii , ether oy the Right of u sail, or by tho i hoo er floating free, or by my con irtrto on c a boat. 'll s 1 Rl musing, as I venture to think, ■lear.eaded way. Yet all the samo I tmj uotganoe around without feeling a* if 1 m ■ bevitched. The red shining of tho furl r-ddily gilded the cook-house; thw rh tic after-Rliding door went the pasi re to the cabin in blackness ; the st.ir ing c the wind was subdued into a stra Tnoning and cumpluining: often thrmgh th'body of the ship came the thrill of tj-uddenexplosion ; and haunting all was thes-ivi ofhe dead men just without, the frown dci-ation of the island, the mighty wodd of waere in which it lay. No ! you candhink oino isolation comparable to this ; and I tremle as I review it, for under tho thought of he enormous loneliness of that time my ;jiril ran*! ever sink and break It was mlancholr to bo without time, so I pull'd out he gold watch I bad taken from the man or. the rack* and wound it up, and guessing atthe hour, set tbe hands at half past four. The watch ticked bravely. It was indeed i noble piece of mechanism, very costly and gecious with its jewels, and more than a 1m.- a» to the character of this achcuner ; aud bad there been nothing else to judge by r tiioold stiU have sworn to her by thiswstch. . Mr pipe bdag emptied, I threw some more coals into tliernraace, and nutting a candle in dk lantern went aft to take another view of flk little rabto, in one of which I resolved i p. for (hough the cook-room would rerred ae best whilst the fire burned, I ptd up u H making a colder habitation [the furnace was black than those small rtnieuM in the stern. The oold on ■ivhtvl down so hitinglv through tho lav opdlompi:.ion-hatch that I was fain to I mounted the steps, and with > sliinped ‘bo cover and shut the door, |h. of course, tho great cabin, as I roots in which the two men were, kged in darkness ; but the cold was Bible, mnA the parcels of candles in rendered ino indifferent to the As givin this Tlit tob ofdiffi off one ■ I wi thanks whethi ring the passage in which were the tho berths, I noticed an object that cwiped: my ■ observation—I moan p-liatch, no bigger than a man ring for lifting it, midway down inspected this to be tho entrance i -, and putting both hands to led the hatch up. I sniffed raring foal air, and then sinking ■5 the length of my arm I peered i,served the outlines of casks, if white wood, cheats, and so jiped through the hole on to a ft me ' my head and shoulders k, and then with the utmost 1 and threw tho lantern light ut tho cx-kn were not powder mhaps a little reflection might suspect, since it was not to bo t any man would stow, bis lazaretto. 'the way of settling ray mis 1 g the stock of food' in the olved to push through with at once, and fetching the work upon those barrels und briefly I will toll yon what I dealt with a tierce that beef. There was a whole i,. and one sufficed toox of the rest; there were y barrels of pork; one ' qpeu was full of hams, I counted half a score, held biscuit. There wero jm, s number of barrelsof idles, cheeses, a quantity of ion a-variety of jare of _of which I afterwards gimislsds and auccadoes \- On knocking the bead bund it held a frozen body, t of tho lantern looked as chipped off a bit, sucked overjoy samplin ro that] matter*! _by the sight of thi* ; I fell upon my knee* itade, and gave hearty Hi* merer. There waa it me to dismally wonder starve or no; supposing t, here -waa food enough [ or fcmr'wears. .1 was to [ithal curious that I forgot rie, nndflaurishing the found of tho lazaretto, hr individual instanoe*, (time I wa* tirod;I k*l are given, by discoveries fl, oil, lemon*, tongue*, _ eight or ten ‘other very bnnglingly, and in ~ i of cMk*, ea«e«. iwm, ana ouicr Towels as disposed me to believe teat KTml piratical rummagings must havo gjme to tho creation of this handsome and plentiful stock of good things. Well, thought I, even if there bo no more coal in the ship than what lies in tho cook house, enough fuel is here in the shape of casks, boxes, and the like to thBw mo pro visions for six months, besides whnt I may como across in the * hold, along with tho hammocks, bedding, boxes, and so forth in the forecastle, all which wonld ho good to feed my tiro with. Tin's was a most com forting reflection, and 1 recollect springing out ^ through the lazaretto hatch with as spirited a caper as ever I had cut at any timo in my life. I replaced the hatch-cover, and having resolved upon the aftmost of the four cabins as my bedroom, entered it to see what kind of accommodation it would yield me. I hung up the lantern and looked "into the oot, that was slung athwartahip*, and spied a couple of rugs or blankets, which I pulled out, having no fancy to lie under them. The deck was like an old clothes* shop, or the wardrobe of a travelling troop af actors. From the confusion in thia and the adjoining cabinB I concluded that there had been a rush at the last, a wild overhauling and “inging aliout of clothes for articles of more value hidden amongst them. But just as likely as not the disorder merely indicated the slovenly indifference of plunderers to tho fruits of a pillage that hod overstocked The first garment I picked up was a cloak of a sort of silk material, richly furred and lined ; all the buttons but one had been cut off, and that which remained was silver. I spread it in the cot, as it was a soft thing to lie upon. Then I picked up a coat of tho fashion you will sec in Hogarth’* engravings I —the coat collar a broad fold, and the cuffs to the elbow. This was as good as a rug, and I put it into the cot with the other. I I inspected other* of tins articles on the deck, l and among them recollect a gold-laced waistcoat of green velvet, two or three pairs of high-heeled shoos, a woman’s yellow sacque, several frizzled wigs, silk stockings, pumps—iu fine, tho contents of the trnnlu of some dandy passengers, long since gathered to their forefathers no doubt, even if the gentlemen of this schooner had not then and there walked them overboard or split their windpipes. But, to bo honest, I cannot remember a third of what lay tumbled upon the deck or hung against the bulkhead. So far as my knowledge of costume went, every article pointed to the date which I had fixed upon for this vessel. I swept the huddle of things with my foot into a corner, and lifting the lids of tho boxes saw more clothes, some hooka, a collec tion of small arms, a couple of quadrants, and sundry rolls of paper, which proved to bo charts of the islands of the Antilles and the western South American coast, very in digested. There were no papers of any kind to determine the vessel’s character, nor journal to acquaint me with her story. I was tired in my limbs rather tliau sleepv, and wont to the cook-room to warm myself at the fire and get me some supper, meaning to sit there till the fire died out and then go to rest; but when I put my knife to the ham I found it as hard frozen as when I had first met with it; so with the cheese ; and this though there had been a fire burning for hours ! I put tho things into the oven to thaw os before, and sitting down fell very pensive over this severity of cold, which had power to freeze within a vnrd or two of tho furnace. To be sure the fire by my absence had shrunk, and the sliding door being open admitted the cold of the cabin ; hut the consideration was, how was I to resist the killing cnfoldmcnt of this atmosphere ? I had wept in the boat, it is true, and was none tho worse; and now I was under shelter, with the beat of a plentiful bellyful of moat and liquor to warm me; but if wine and ham and cheese froze in an air in which | a fire had been burning, why not I in my | sleep, when there was no fire, and life boat weakly, as it docs iu slumber * Those figures in the cabin were dismal warnings and assurances; they had been men perhaps stouter and heartier in their day than ever 1 was, bat they had bocn frozen into stonr images nevertheless, under cover, too, with the materials to make a fire, and as much strong waters in their lazaretto as would serve the schooner to float in. Well, thought I, after a spell of melan choly thinking, if I am to perish of cold, there’s an end : it is pre- ordained, and it is as easy as drowning, anyhow, and better than hanging; and with that I pnllod out the bam and found it soft enough to ent, finding philosophy (which, as the French cynic says, triumphs over past and future ills) not so hard because somehow I did not myself then particularly feel the cold—I mean, I was not certainlv suffering here from that pain of frost which 1 had felt in the open boat. Having heartily supped, I brewed a pint of punch, and, charging my pipe, sat smoking with my feet against the furnace. It was after eight o’clock by the watch I was wearing. I knew by the humming noisy that it was blowing a gale of wind outside, and from time to timo the decks rattled to a heavy discharge of hail. All sounds were naturally much subdued to my ear by the ship lying in a hollow, and I being in her with the hatches closed ; but this very faintness of uproar fonnod of itself a quality of mystery very pat to the ghastliness of my surroundings. It was like the notes of un elfin storm of necromantic imagination; it j was hollow, weak, and terrifying; and it and the thunder of the seas commingling, I together with tho rumbling blasts and snooks of splitting ice, disjointed as by an earth quake, loaded the inward silence with un i earthly tones, which my lonely and quiokened imagination readily furnished with syllables. The lantern diffused but a small light, and the flickering of tho fire made a movement ! of shadows about xne. I was separated from the great cabin where the figures were by the little arms-room only, arid the passage to it ran there in blackness. It strangely and importunately entered ray head tooonoeiro, that though these men were frozen and stirless they were not dead as corpses are, but oa a stream whose current, checked by ice, will flow when the ice is melted. Might not life in them be suspended by the cold, not ended 1 There is vitality in the seed though it lies a dead thing in tho hand. Those men are corpses to my eye ; hut, said I to myself, they mav have the principles of life in them, which heat might call .into being. Putrefaction is a natural law, hut it is baulked by frost, and just as decay is hindered by cold, might not the property of life bo left unaffected iu a body, though it should be numbed iu a marble form for .fifty years 1 jis was a terrible fancy to possess a man I fed as T was, and it so worked in me 1 again and again I caught myself looking forward, then aft, aa though, Heaven me ! my secret instincts foreboded that I ty moment I should behold some form from forecastle, or one of those figures in tho i, stalkiug in, and coming to my side tly seating himself. I pshaw'd and d, and querulously asked of myself what nor of y.nglish sailor was I to suffer such anly terrors to visit me ; but it would io ; I, oould not smoke; a coldness _ of mart fell upon me, and set mo trembling e any sort of shivers which the frost of lir had chased.through me; and pre [y, a hollow creak sounding out of the , caused by some movement of tho bed of co on which the vessel lay, I wasseizod . a panic terror and sprang to my foot, lantern in hand, made for the com on ladder, with a prayer' in me for tho t of a star ! Jurat not look at the figures, but, setting light down at. the. foot of the ladder, iczcd through tho companion-door on to leek. My' fear was a fever in its way, I did not fccl'the cold.' There'-waa no to be seen, but the whiteness of tho the flung out in a wild strangoglaro by blackness'of the sky, and made a light of mi. It was the most savage and terrible ore of solitude toe invention of min could to, yet I blessed it for the relief it gave y ghost-enkindled imagination.' No [was thou passing ; the rooks rose up ther hand in a ghastly glimmer to; the r of the heavens ; the' gale swept hydr in a wild, mad Mending whistlings, un, and eryingain many ken, falling •added into* doleful waiBng,toai risrafr in a treat]) to the full fury of. it1* eon cert; the nett thundered like the cuunon uding of on electric atonn. Mid you would have said that ■ tho rending and crackling noise* of the ice - were response* to tho crash ing blows of tho balls of shaddow-hidden ordnance. But tho scene,- the uproar, the voices of .the wind were real—a better cordial to my spirits than a gallon of tho mellowest vintage below ; and presently, whun the cold was beginning to pierce me, my oourago was so much tho better for this excursion into' the hoarse and black nnd gleaming realities of the night, that my heart beat at its usual measure as I missed through the hatch and went again to the cook-room. I was, however, sure that if 1 *a there long, listening and thinking, fear would return. A small fire still burned ; 1 put a saucepan on it, and popped in a piece of tho fresh water ice, but on handling tho brandy I found it hard set. Tho heat of the' oven was not sufficiently great to thaw ine a drum, so to save further trouble in this way I took tlie chopper nnd at one blow split ojien tho jar, ana there then lay before mo the solid body of tho brandy, from which I chipped off as much as I needed, and thus procured a hot and animating draught. Raking out tho fire, I picked up tho lantern, and was about to go, then halted, considering whether I should not stow tho frozen provisions away. It was a natural thought, seeing liow precious food was to me. But, alas ! it muttered not whore they lay ; they were as secure hero as if they were snugly ladder, ill the bottom of tho hold. It was the white realm of death ; if over a rat had crawled in this ship, it was in its hiding place, as stiff and idle aa the frozen vesseh So I let the lump of brandy, tho ice, ham, and so forth, rest where they were, and went to the cabin 1 had chosen, involuntarily peeping at tho figures as I passed, and hurrying the faster because of the grim and terrifying liveliness put into tho man who sat starting from'the table by the swing of the lantern in my hand. I shut tho door and hung tho lantern near the cot, having tho flint and box in my pocket. ' There was indeed an ubundancc of candles in tho vessel, nevertheless it was my business to husband them with the utmost niggardliness. How long I was to be im prisoned here, if indeed I was over to be delivered. Providence alone knew; and to run short of candles would add to the terrors of my existence, by forcing me either to open tho hatches and ports for light, and so filling Uio ship until the deadly air outside, or living in darkness. There were a cloak and a coat in the cot, but thev would not suffice. The fine cloak 1 had taken from thoinnnonthc rocks was on deck, and till now I bad for gotten it; there was, however, plenty of apparel in the corner to serve as wraps, and having chosen enough to smother mo I vaulted into the cot, and so covered myself that the clothes were above the level of tho sides of the cot. I left the lantern burning whilst I made sure my bed was all right, and lay musing, feeling extremely melancholy ; the hardest part was tho thought of those two men watching in the cabin. Tho most fantastic alarms possessed me. Suppose their ghosts caine to tho ship at midnight, and, entering their bodies, quickened them into walking l Suppose they were in tho condition of cataleptic*, sensible of what passed around than, but paralysed to the motionless and seeming insensibility of death ? Then tho very garments under which I lay were of a proper kind tokoep a man in my situation qnaking. My imagination went to work to tell me to whom they hud belonged, tho bloody ends their owners had met at tho hands of the miscreants who despoiled them. I caught myself listening—and there was enough to hear, too, what with the subdued roaring of tho wind, the splintering of ice, the occasional creaking—not unlike a heavy booted tread—of the fabric of the schooner— to tho blasts of the gale against her masts, or to a movement in the bed on which she reposed. But plain sense came to my rescue at last. I resolved to have no more of thiao night fears, so, blowing out the candle, I put my head on the coat that formed my pillow, resolutely kept my eyes shut, and after awhile fell asleep. (to ax ooanxvxD.; 