-^fFOREisfiANlH BY I/. ;3^,MEADE. -Author of " SCAMP AND I " ?' A KNIGHT OF TO-DAY,''''CASTLE MABY," &C.; / ^[THE EIGHT OF TRANSLATION. IS ^ . RESERVED.] " It is late, but if they are important tbey bad' better be asked now," replied Mrs. Mats ton. " I am an old woman, and there is no time like the present. t " Thank you," I said. " Then I will come, to the point, at once. I want in the first place to find Janet's mother." " To find Mrs. Moore, young mau-ay, just so--just like impetuous youth. You will have to go a very long journey to find her, Mr. Crosby." * " I am grieved to hear it," I replied; " but long or Bhort the journey must be taken." " Just so, sir. You will take it some day, but not at your own time or your o\^n con venience. Janet's mother has long been dead." "Is this indeed so ?" I said, and I felt my heart sinking and my hope going out. I know that I must have turned quite white, for the old lady looked at me sorrowfully and said "If you knew all my poor Maggie's story you would not wish to bring her back to a world which" treated her badly at best/' " Will you tall me her story." I asked, eagerly. " I don't think I shall do anything of the kind ; it is buried with her in her quiet grave, and it muBt be a very strong reason that will induce me to raise that ghost." " I know something about her," I con tinued. " I know a little also about her early history. I only want yon, Mrs. Mars ton, to complete some links in the past of Maggie Tratford." " Traiford ?" repeated the old lady. " I said nothing about any Trafford. She was just Mrs. Moore from the time I knew her." " Yes, but her unmarried name was Traf ford." ^ " How cau you possibly tell that, sir ?" " Simply enough,'' I answered. " A few years ago you gave Janet a locket which be longed to her dead-mother, and under a lock ot black hair wero the words, distinctly written-MAGGIE TRAFFORD." Mrs. Mars ton had hitherto preserved the most unbroken solemnity and calm. Now she looked greatly startled and disturbed. " That was a most unfortunate oversight," she remarked. " I never wished Janet to become acquainted with her mothers maiden name." " But Providence has revealed it to her," I said. " You are quite right, young man, to allude to the holy name of Providence, and if it is his will " _ " Justr so; if it is his will." " I must not say a word, ouly it startles ma to find that even poor Maggie's last wish has been disregarded." * " Well, you will tell me all you can about her ?" I asked. v Mrs. Marston did not answer at all for several moments; she seemed lost in troubled thought. At the end of ten min utes she rang a bell by_ her side, and on the servant appearing, said, " Jane, I shall be occupied in business with this gentleman for the next hour, or two. When I ring you cau bring coffee, but until then I do not wish to be disturbed." The servant respectfully withdrew, and the old lady-turned to me. " Now, sir," she said, I do not promise to reveal anything about Maggie, but neither do I say I will not. My confidence in you will depend on your confidence in me. You must tell mo the exact reason why you want to intrude into the post of one who has long been safe anl happy with her G-od. ^ There are certain conditions, and if you fulfil them you have a right to hear all and everything that I can say ; unless you fulfil those con ditions not one word from me shall bo told to yo'Su' 31 " What are they ?" I inquired, eagerly. " Your story will fulfil them or not. Speak, toll me all that is in your heart. I pan at least see that you are troubled, and ' that you are greatly in earnest." " I believe I ought to tell you every thing," I said, '? and yet to tell you all 1 must break a promise ; I must let you know more thau even Janet knows. I must also incur the risk of jrour contempt and in credulity. Never mind! I run the risk, and I break'the promise. The need is too sore, and the stake at issue too great, to ^allow evon a promise too hold me back now." Mrs. Marston made no answer to this fervent speech on my part *, she simply folded her old hands' on her lap, and the light fell directly on her face as I talked to her. I told this stranger, this woman of whose existence I had never heard until a few hours ago, everything. Not even to my mother, not even to my spiritual guide, Mr. Spencer, did I pour out my heart of hearts. All that had occured to others, all that had occ'ured to me, the vision I had_ seen, jthe terrors I had gone through, the discoveries I had made, one by one I related them freely and without disguise. I even told my motive for engaging myself to Janet. This, which I considered my shame of shames, was related freely to the woman who had loved Janet's mother. Why was I so con fidential? .Why did I thus speak out my innermost heart to this stranger ? The reason was plain enough. Mrs. Marston s face inspired' me with hope ; Mrs Marston would tell me in return that which I longed to know. At last I was silent. I was silent, not asking if the old lady would now confide in me, for I knew she would. After a littlo interval in which neither of us spoke, she rose to her feet. " You have fulfilled tho conditions ; you have abundantly fulfilled them. You have a right to hear all that I have to tell you; you have a right to know more than I .know. There is a message from tho dead waiting to be delivored to you. Maggie thought it more than probable that such an hour as this might come." 