AMOUCST THE BOOKS. LITERARY GOSSIP. Miss Brnddon is writing hor literary rominis- oonces, which ought to be very interesting. Tho biography of tho late Henry Ward Beechor, which is to bo published simultaneously in London and at Boston, will contain copious extracts from his journals and privato corres pondence. General Shorm&n;, one of tho few survivors of tho great Boldicrs of tho War, has takon up his rosidonoo in Now York, Ho is working upon a book which will comprise reminiscences of his most eventful life. It will interest not a few to learn that Mr. Crowe wrote "Soo-saw" merely for his chil dren, aud had such an opinion of its merits that he sold the oopyright to Motzler's for £30. The publishers cleared ovor £15,000. Mr. G. A Sala'a autobiography will bo pub lished this year. Also "The Public Lifo of His Royal Highness tho Prinoo of Wales" is to ap pear shortly from tho pen of a well known votoran littcrateurt and under distinguished sanction. Madamo Colmache, the widow of Talloyr&nd;'B privato secretary, is said to be writing hor own memoirs. It is reported that sho has in her possession many of Talleyrand's papers, and that most of tho State secrets of tho day passed through her hands. Madame Golm&ciio; is au Englishwoman by birth. Madame Wolska, 50, Rue Jacob, Paris, has sot herself a herculean task. She has under taken to collect nil tho works that have, been written- by women, inordor to form a Women's I International Library. Sho begs that all who aro interested in the sohemc will send hor oopies of bookB which thoy themselves may havo written, or that they think that she is not likely otherwiso to got. . "The best throe books," according to Dr. Oliver Wendell Holmes, oro " Tho Bible, Shakspoare's Playe and a good dictionary— say Worcostor or Webster.' Tho Bible and Shak- spoaro go .without Baying. But tho "good dictionary " is a mora original suggestion, and a veiy good one. It may not bo gonorally known that 'Mr. John Morloy, whenever ho may lack! othor inspiration - for publio utterftneo, is in tho. habit of turning ovor tho pages of Johnson's! dictionary— Johnson's dictionary, bo it observed, . not "Worcostor or Webster." In the article entitled "From Gravclotto to' Sedan," by General Philip H. Sheridan, whioh will appear in Scribncr's Mayazinc for Novem ber, tho following incident of a' ride which Sheridan took with Bismarck, after the battle of Gravelofcto, is related: — "Our route lod through tho village of Gorze, and hero'wc found tbo streets so obstructed with waggons that I feared it would take us the rest of the day to get through, for tho teamsters would not pay the slightest hcod to the cries of our postilions.' Tho Count was equal to the emergency, however, for, taking a pistol from behind his ou&hion; and bidding mo keep my seat, ho jumped out and auipkly began to clear the 9treet effectively, or- oring tho waggons to tho right and loft. March ing in front of the carriage and making way for us till wo were woll through the blockade he thon resumed his seat, remarking, ' This is not a vory dignified business for the Chancellor of tho Ger man Confederation ; but it's tho only way to got through,'" The present great interest in tho phonograph makes it odd (writes Mr. Gleeson White) that no one has unearthed a story by Miss Jean Ingelow, first published in Good Words (or one of Mr. Strahan's magazines in 1872) and roprintcd in "Tho Little Wardorhorn." It i9 in a child's fairy tale, entitled "Nineteen Hun- drod and Sovonty-two," that tho allusion occurs. Among other wonders, "He began to describe what was ovidently some groat invention in ncouHtic3, which, ho said (confusing his cen tury with mine), / you aro going to find out vory shortly. . . Yon know something of tho : Bimple beginnings of photography?' I repliod: that I did. Photography, he reraarkoil, pre sents a visible imago ; cannot you imagine some- 1 thinganalogoustoit which might present an &ud-; 1 ibleimago ? Thedifferenceisrcallythattho whole of a photograph is always present to tho eye, but the acousticgrnph only . in successivo portions. 1 Tho song was sung and the symphony played at first, and it recorded them, ana gave them out in one simultaneous horrible crash ; then, whon wo had once got thorn fixed, science soon managed, as it were, to sketch tho image— and . now we can elongate it as much as wo please.' 'This is very queer,' I exclaimed. 'Do you' mean to toll me these notes and those voices are only tho ghosts of Bounds ?' ' Not in any othor sense,' ho answered, 'than you might call a photograph the ghost of sight.' " | Do literary men like music? In Franoe, it seems, they do not. "Generally speaking," says M. Alphonse Daudet in his " Thirty Years of Paris," "literary peoplo havo a horror of music. Gautior's opinion ' tho most disagree- ahle of noises ' is welt known ; Lcconte de Lisle and Banville share it. Tho moment a piano is opened Goncourt frowns. Zola has a vain impression that ho once, in his youth, played some instrument, but ho no longer remembers what it was. That excellent Flaubert protended to be a great musician, but it was only to please Tourgudneff. As for mo, I love every kind of music madly— the classic, the simple, Beethoven, Gluck and Chopin, Massenet and Saint Safins, the bamboula, tho Faust of Gounod and that of Berlioz, popular songs, barrel organs, tho tambourine, and even bells." Among English mon of letters, on tho other hand, writes a correspondent of the Poll Mall Gazette the music- haters would be in decided minority. George Eliot's faco was only known to the public from hor rogular attendance at tho Monday "Pops." Carlylo was not so catholic as Daudot, for he had strong objections to barrel-organs ; but at least, he declared, " the moBt disagreeable of noise " to bo the "speech of angels." Browning, if ho had not been a poet, would have been a musician, and as it is he has written tho best poems on music in the language. Buskin, though as much of a purist in the matter as Plato, is passionately fond of some sorts of music, and agrees with Daudet, by the way, in liking bells. Swinburne must surely bo musical, though probably ho prefers (as somo one has said) " tho brass band to the flute or the organ. Rossotti found music "cool unto tho sense of pain." As for tho barrel-organ, Calvorloy has celebrated tho i Grinder, who soronely grimiest | At my door the Hundredth Psalm, but the lines can hardly bo claimed for a sin cere adhesion to the catholic doctrine preached by M. Daudet. | 