RETURN OF ROMAN CATHOLIC BISHOP OF BALLARAT. DEMONSTRATION AT THE WESTERN RAILWAY STATION. An immense Crowd, numbering probably about 3000 persons, assembled at the Western railway station to witness the arrival of Dr Moore the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, on Saturday afternoon. Long before the time for the train to reach the station the platform was crowded with people of both sexes and all ages, though the gentler sex pre- dominated. The footbridge leading from one side of the station to the other was also thronged. When it became known that the train in which the pre- late was would be late in reaching the city, the disappointment was very cheerfully borne, and the crowd, which before had been great, was added to every minute. The few police present had, how- ever, not very great difficulty in keeping a passage open. In this work they were ably assisted by the officers and members of the men’s branch of the Confraternity of the Holy Family and of the H.A.C.B.S. Amongst those present on the occa- sion to extend a fitting welcome to the bishop and those with him were the Rev. Father Cleary and other Ballarat clergy Messrs D. Brophy and J. Coghlan, Knights of the Order of St. Gregory the Great; and Messrs. J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P.; D. Fitzpatrick, J.P.; J. B. Pearson, M. C. Carey, T. Dowling, and W. Cahill. The train, which should have arrived at 3.20 p.m., did not draw up at the platform until a few minutes before 4 o’clock. Immediately on its arrival the bishop, accompanied by Dean Hoyne, the Rev. Father Reffe, the Hon. and Rev. W. Plunkett, the Rev. Father Delaney (private secretary to the bishop), and others, stepped out of the carriages on to the platform. His arrival was greeted with hearty cheers and loud cries of “Wel- come ! welcome !” Without loss of time, the prelate and those accompanying him proceeded to the rear of the station buildings, where carriages were awaiting them. The crowd then broke through all restraint, and for some time there was a crush (in which females and children suffered considerably), that the police were powerless to stem. Again a passage was cleared, through which the nuns, of whom there were 12— five sisters of the Order of Brigidines, six of the Order of Nazareth, and one of the Order of our Lady of Loretto—r who had been brought out by the bishop, were able to walk through. Outside the station there was another large crowd of people, and along the route to St. Patrick’s Cathedral there were many large groups of those anxious to see the prelate and those accom- panying him. Following the bishop and clergy, and preceding the nuns, were the H.A.C.B.S., in regalia, pupils of the Christian Brothers’ schools and the Catholic schools, bearing wands and bannerettes; the men’s branch of the Holy Confraternity, and members of the Total Abstinence Society, in regalia. The H.A.C.B.S. preceded the carriage in which the bishop and clergy were driven, and as the other carriages filled they were driven off to St. Patrick's Cathedral. Reception at the Cathedral. The gate opposite the cathedral had been dressed with evergreens, and across the arch was the well- known Irish greeting, “Caed Mille Failthe.” The in- terior of the cathedral was suitably decorated for the occasion. Spanning the space from pillar to pillar in front of the sanctuary was a streamer, bearing the motto, “Ecce sacerdos magnus,” while underneath hung three bannerettes on which appeared the words “Joy," “Long life.” and “ Peace.” In other portions of the church was the motto “Sacerdos et Pontifex,”- and others of a like nature. The bishop having en- tered the cathedral, the choir sang the “Te Deum,”' and the ceremony of enthronement was proceeded with. Dean Hoyne and Fathers Doyle and Cleary offici- ating. The bishop then came forward to a seat in the front of the sanctuary to receive the Address of Welcome. The Rev. Father Rogers read the following address, presented by the clergy—“To His Lordship Most Rev. James Moore, D.D., Lord Bishop of Ballarat, from the clergy of the diocese. My Lord, —We, the priests of the diocese of Ballarat, have long looked forward with pleasurable anticipation to your return home. The days in our thoughts dragged slowly on to the wished for time when we should see the vacant chair filled once again by your familiar and loved presence. Now that the happy day, a red letter day in the annals of the diocese, has at length arrived, permit us, my lord, in the first place, to thank the great giver of all good gifts for having brought your lordship home safe and well after your long journey- ing. At this time when all your people greet you with joyful acclaim, we, the clergy of the diocese, bid you, our spiritual father, heartfelt welcome home. In your loving solicitude for the advancement of religion in the diocese, and in your constant thought for the spiritual welfare of your people, we have gratefully felt that, though absent in person, you were ever present in spirit amongst us. Thus we have realised more sensibly the truth of the words “For so the whole round earth is every way bound by gold chains about the feet of God.” As to your lordship’s work during your mission to Rome and the home country, we feel indeed that words are all too weak, and the limited space of an address such as this far to short to do justice to it. As priests of the diocese, we cannot but feel proud that one of the results of your mission will be to place the diocese of Ballarat in the foremost rank as an educational centre. As a practical advocate of Catholic education, your lordship’s name is already well known throughout Australia. The primary schools established under your auspices throughout the diocese would alone sufficiently maintain your reputation in this respect. A high-class education for Catholic young ladies is provided in the excellent convents of Loretto, and in the convents of the Sisters of Mercy, established in the diocese. We rejoice to learn that your lordship is about to provide similarly for the higher education of Catholic young men, and certainly the Catholics of Ballarat cannot but feel deeply grateful that for this purpose you have procured the services of the distinguished order of the Holy Ghost, whose pupils in their far-famed College of Blackrock, Ireland, far out-distanced all competitors whether Catholic or Protestant Colleges in the intermediate education examinations. We rejoice to know that we shall have a branch of the Missionary order of the Redemptorist Fathers established in Ballarat. We are familiar with the work of this grand order in the mission field at home and in the colonies also; and we are, therefore, happy to think that the diocese of Ballarat even to the most remote mission will enjoy the benefit and blessing of their labors. Amongst other pleasing items of news connected with your approaching arrival that was by no means least pleasing to us, which informed us of the fact that the good sisters of St. Brigid were accompanying your lordship, with the intention of opening a convent in the diocese. As a teaching order the nuns of St. Brigid possess a high and honorable record; and, therefore, we anticipate the best and holiest results from their influence in the sphere which your lordship has marked out for them. If there was one thing needed to crown your efforts with com- plete successive believe that your lordship has perfected your great work, and attained that success by the establishment of an orphanage and home for the aged and infirm, under the care of the good Sisters of Naza- reth in Ballarat. To provide for the orphan and the aged is Christ like, and we believe that the existence of such an institution amongst us will, under God, bring down many blessings upon the diocese. The increasing wants of the missions have also claimed your lordship’s attention, and we are sure that the services of the worthy secular priests whom your lordship has procured for the diocese will very much promote religion throughout your extensive charge. We are deeply sensible of the kindly wishes of our holy father the sovereign Pontiff, expressed in more than one audience with your lordship. For the con- spicuous honor with which he received you we also feel deeply thankful. During your lordship’s absence you spent some short time in holy Ireland, the land of your birth. Permit us to hope that the stay amidst the familiar scenes and in the familiar air of your native place contributed much to your health and enjoyment. We are aware, indeed, that Ireland is at present passing through a severe ordeal, one unhappily not unfamiliar in the sad history of that country, but we hope the day is not far distant when the first right of nationhood—the right to manage her own affairs—shall he restored to her. Praying that your lordship may be spared many years to rule over the diocese wisely and well, as in the past, we sub- scribe ourselves, my lord, on behalf of the clergy of the diocese of Ballarat, — John Hoyne, V.G., Dean of Ballarat.” The next was from the laity. It was presented by Messrs D. Brophy, J.P., J. Coghlan, J.P , J. J. Fitzge- rald, J. P., J. B. Pearson, T. Dowling, E. Murphy, M. L. A., M. Martin, M. C. Carey, and others, and was as fol- lows:—“To the Most Reverend James Moore, D.D., Lord Bishop of Ballarat. May it please your lordship, On behalf of the Catholics of this portion of your diocese, we desire to give your lordship a hearty wel- come, and to express our thankfulness to God for your safe return after your visit to the seat of the apostles, whither you had gone in order to be present at the jubilee of His Holiness Pope Leo XIII. We rejoice to learn that our Holy Father, in the several audiences he granted your lordship, received you in the most gracious and affectionate manner, and that it afforded consolation and joy to his heart to learn from your lordship the great progress of the church in this distant diocese under your zealous and able administration; the great efforts you had made to secure for our children the blessings of a Catholic education in the face of an un- just and oppressive Act, and the bold, unswerving front which your lordship had maintained against those who would deprive us of this our birthright. We rejoice to learn that your lordship has been suc- cessful in obtaining a number of the congregation of our Most Holy Redeemer, whose missions heretofore have been productive of so much good—who purpose establishing a house of their order in Ballarat, and also the fathers of the Holy Ghost, from the celebrated college Blackrock, who will open a college for the higher education of our Catholic youth, together with a number of secular priests and a community of nuns —The Brigidine—for other portions of your lordship’s diocese. In these we recognise that zeal for the ex- tension of the Church of God and the spiritual welfare of your flock which ‘has animated you from the first day you took charge of the parish of Ballarat. Your lordship, too, has not been unmindful of God's poor, as you have brought with you the Little Sisters of Nazareth, who, while taking charge of the Catholic orphanage to be established in Ballarat, will also afford succor to the aged poor and infirm, without distinction of creed or country. During your lordship’s visit to your native land you must have witnessed as bright as ever that undying faith and love of country, which have distinguished the sons of Erin in prosperity and affliction through every age, and from your long residence in this colony where you have witnessed the beneficent effects of self-government which we enjoy, we feel assured that your lordship sympathises with the patriotic efforts the Irish people are now making for the restoration of their native parliament, an event which we hope is near at hand. Praying that Almighty God will grant you many years to witness the fruition of the great works of which you are now laying the foundation. We remain, yours lordship’s devoted children. (Here followed a number of signatures of the leading laity.)” The following addresses were also presented From the men’s branch of the Confraternity of the Holy Family, presented by Mr M. G. Keane (secretary), Mr F. M’Govern, and J. Casey; from the H.A.C.B.S., presented by Messrs P. J. Slattery, Doyle, White, and C. Fitzgerald; from the female branch of the Confra- ternity of the Holy family, presented by the Rev. Father Doyle; and from the Christian Doctrine Society, presented by Messrs Ellsmore, Carey, and Dennier. Accompanying the address from the female branch of the Confraternity of the Holy Family was a purse of sovereigns for distributed by the Sisters of the Order of Nazareth. The Bishop then ascended the pulpit, and delivered the following address in reply to the presenta- tions : The Bishop's Address in Reply. “The feeling which is uppermost with me at this moment is one of thankfulness to Divine Providence for the happiness of being once more amongst you. Ever since my departure from the shores of Australia, you have been in my thoughts and continually re- membered in my prayers. If I may so apply the words of the apostle, I have been making request if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come unto you.' In that journey I have been guided and protected by God’s grace, obtained through your prayers. To that divine influence I also attribute the satisfactory issue of my visit. For I am happy to state that the various objects I had in view for the benefit of the diocese have been realised to my entire satisfaction. “During the period of my absence it was my good fortune to have had no cause of anxiety for the affairs of the diocese. This was due to the able administra- tion of the worthy and prudent vicars-general, and likewise to the zeal and devotedness of the priests of the diocese. This happy state of things I also ascribe to the sacred Catholic faith of my people, and to the good feeling, which has always existed between them- selves and their pastors. “The year which is drawing to a close opened, as you are aware, in Rome with an impressive demon- stration of the church’s vigorous unity and world em- bracing Catholicity. To celebrate the fiftieth year of his priesthood, the crowned heads of the world sent envoys with presents and autograph greetings to a Pontiff - who owns neither territory, nor army, nor fleet, nor any such arm of earthly power. By almost every ruler in the world Leo XIII. was greeted as a ruler and sovereign. In that significant act of cour- tesy "the Sovereign of the British Empire, the Presi- dent of the United States of America, the German Emperor, the Czar of Russia, the Sultan of Turkey, the Rulers of China and Japan, in a word all the sovereigns of the earth vied with Catholic princes, themselves. The Roman Pontiff is thus respected throughout the world because he is known to exer- cise a great and universal authority—because he com- mands the unfaltering loyalty of hundreds of millions. The strength of that loyalty was well brought out in the course of the jubilee celebrations. It appeared in the grand exhibition of gifts sent from every clime and by men of every race; in the daily arrival of mul- titudes who made their way to the eternal city—some, to satisfy personal devotion, some in deputations from their respective countries; others to represent the benevolent and religious associations of the Catholic world; some, in fine, who came in the name of learned and scientific bodies. It was wonderful to behold all these so perfectly united, notwithstanding political differences, race antipathies, and traditional animosi- ties. Such is the outcome, such the excellence and the triumph of the Catholic faith. It is this faith, living in the hearts of millions and presenting itself distinctly the same to the minds of all, which unites all in one, fulfils the injunction and prophecy of our Divine Lord, and overcomes the world. “My visit at such a time to the shrines of the Apostles was peculiarly consoling and instructive. I was able to feel, as I may say, the supernatural energy which animates the church and secures its indefectible existence. It was my privilege, likewise, in common with cardinals, archbishops, and bishops from the different quarters of the globe, to bear witness to the faith of to- day. I was able to declare that this ancient faith, which has outlived so many persecu- tions, flourishes in these new lands beneath the southern cross, strong and pure as in the homes of our fathers. “ During those days I also had the pleasure and privilege of several interviews with the holy father personally. On every occasion he evinced a truly fraternal regard for the Australian church. But while rejoicing in the general condition and pros- pects of religion here, his holiness was most solicitous —nay, enjoined—that we should leave nothing un- done to secure for the rising generation the fruits of a sound religious education. Besides the desire I had of taking part in the jubilee of the holy father, there were other matters connected with the interests of the diocese which hastened my visit to Europe. I was always anxious to secure a constant supply of priests, so that ample provision might be had for the ministrations of religion in every part of the diocese. I am happy to say that my efforts in this direction have been most successful. For the future, every district requiring a priest and in a position to support him, shall have one. “Further, I was anxious for the establishment of a first- class Catholic College in this city, where our youth intended for the University and the learned professions should receive the requisite education. Also for the last two years it was my desire to have a community of the Redemptorist Fathers residing amongst us. This month, two years ago, the good Fathers gave their first mission in this Cathedral. I need say nothing here of its success. I then publicly expressed the hope that in a short time we might have them with us permanently. In this matter also my efforts have been successful. I am sure that priests and people will rejoice to learn that our eloquent and gifted friend, the Very Rev. Father O’Farrell, has been appointed Superior of the new foundation. “With regard to the college, I can state that my efforts have been most successful. I have secured the services of an ecclesiastic who is confessedly one of the ablest educationalists of Ireland. For some years the Very Reverend Father Reffe has had the direction of studies in the College of Blackrock, and in that time has raised the institution to the very first posi- tion amongst the intermediate and University colleges of the country. Published statistics place this fact beyond doubt—that it is due to Father Reffe’s energy and superior abilities is equally well attested by com- petent authorities and by the Dublin press. He has with him a staff of able professors, selected by him from his own Order. Some hold degrees from the Royal University of Ireland, and others from the Uni- versity of Paris. Father Reffe is a native of Catholic Alsace. Nationality, education, and religion had pre- pared him to enter with sympathy into Ireland’s sad yet glorious history. He is a devoted advocate of her cause, and has ably defended it by word and pen at home and on the Continent. In a short time Father Reffe will be obliged to appeal to you for funds in order to extend the new college. I am quite sure the priests and people of the diocese will respond with generosity. “Along with the establishment of the college, I had it also in view to extend still further through the diocese the schools of the Christian Brothers. You know and prize the admirable education imparted by that excellent body, and you will rejoice to learn that the superior general has promised to send me two additional foundations within the coming year. “ We all recognise the obligations under which we are placed by the Sisters of Loretto and the Sisters of Mercy for their excellent schools. Indeed, the superior character of Mary’s Mount as a school for the higher education of Catholic young ladies is admitted throughout all the colonies. Both these orders con- tinue to recruit their numbers and extend the sphere of their influence amongst us. But it was impossible for them to take up schools in all the districts when convent school teaching was required and demanded. I have therefore been fortunate in securing the ser- vices of another well-known teaching order. The nuns of St. Brigid have rendered signal service to the cause of Catholic education in Ireland, and at present their schools in that country maintain a high place, and come out well in the public competitions of the intermediate education examinations. Two of these sisters will presently open school in Ararat, and I am sure their presence will confer a great boon on the people of that mission. “ Before my departure for Europe I purchased some property in Mill street, with a view to the establishment of an orphanage and of a home for the aged poor of both sexes. One of the chief objects of my visit was to arrange with the Mother Superior of Nazareth House, at Hammersmith, London, for sisters of that community to take charge of these new institutions. I had already known the fitness of the sisters for this work. In the course of many years, at Hammersmith and elsewhere through Great Britain and Ireland, their devotedness to the orphans and the aged under their care, their attention to the members who come every day for food to the door of the Convent, has earned for them the good opinion and substantial support of persons of all denominations. For the sisters make no distinction of creed in the exercise of their charity. They receive all alike irrespective of religious differences, and scrupu- lously refrain from interfering with the religious convictions of any inmate. These good sisters who have arrived amongst us today will, I am sure, receive the same kindly welcome, the same appreciative support they met with at home, not alone from Catholics but equally from our generous non-Catholic fellow-citizens of Ballarat. The sisters are prepared to open a hospital also, where persons so desiring may be treated under their care. I will here add that I have secured two other religious commu- nities for the diocese. They will arrive in the course of the coming year. “The taunt is sometimes flung, for a purpose, at us Catholics and at our church, of being hostile to the cause of popular education. Well, looking at the efforts that are made amongst ourselves for that object, I think we may challenge comparison with the members of any other denomination. The labors of bishops, priests, and people—the sacrifices made to secure the advantages of education for Catholic youth—are patent to all. But while anxious to secure the advantages of education for our children, we are yet more solicitous that they shall be grounded in the principles and trained in the practise of our holy religion. I am afraid that in this spirit we stand alone. But without wishing or intending to draw in- vidious comparisons, I may be permitted to observe that facts which are now notorious, should convince candid men of our earnestness and sincerity. Of course in submitting to a hard necessity—paying at the same time for the education of others and of our own—we cannot forego our rights nor abate one jot in our demands for redress. But for some time we chose rather to let facts plead in our behalf. Aban- doning agitation, we left our cause to the sense of fairplay in our fellow- citizens. I regret very much that the result is so disappointing. If we mean to keep up our catholic schools—a resolve I think, which facts abundantly attest—it is obvious that we must rely on ourselves for the redress of our grievances. We must use the power put into our hands by a just and well balanced Constitution. In that Consti- tution even minorities have a place and an importance. We are a strong minority whose strength should not be ignored. United, dis- ciplined, and resolute, we Catholics can at the polling booths and in Parliament vindicate rights which, based on even justice, threaten neither country nor government. Consider the example pre- sented in these years by the country from which many of us have come. The systematic misgovern- ment of that country was notorious to the world. Yet it was only when its people took up their own cause in a constitutional way and in good earnest that a change began to appear in the attitude of their rulers. I have looked closely into the electoral organisation in Ireland. It is simply perfect of its kind. I could wish we had one or two such men to register and organise the Catholic voters of this diocese. “In the eloquent address read by Mr Brophy allu- sion is made to my visit to Ireland, and to what I witnessed there. Well, yes, I did witness with un- bounded satisfaction the unique faith, the undying patriotism of the Irish people. But I was pained and shocked to behold the barbarous treatment to which they are subjected in the name of law and order. In no land, much less in these prosperous colonies, have I seen such distress and misery amongst the people. And yet their condition, so far from awakening sym- pathy in the hearts of administrators of government, seems but to intensify hatred and contempt. I need nor enter into particulars. Thanks to the Press, you are well acquainted with the facts. But at the same time, when I saw all that was being done by good men throughout Great Britain, I felt, as you do, that this is but the dark hour just before the dawn. Mean- while I consider that we are bound to strain every nerve, contributing towards the triumph of that sacred strength in our power, moral and material. In this connexion I cannot help expressing satisfac- tion that the Irishmen of my diocese took no senseless line of action on a recent occasion, when the Holy See deemed It advisable to communicate certain deci- sions to the Bishops of Ireland. True ; the enemies of Ireland, and of the Papacy sought to make capital out of that event; but they have failed. No word, no wish emanating from Leo XIII. can be construed in condemnation of Ireland’s constitutional efforts to recover her parliamentary freedom. He has been pained beyond conception that any of his Irish children could have been misled for a moment to en- tertain the merest suspicion on that point. In my last interview with the holy father, just before leaving for Australia, I had occasion to know his sentiments on the Irish question. I can assert that he is our true friend, and that much he does for Ireland is not now duly appreciated, because circumstances prevent it from being generally known. “Of the holy father’s many proofs of regard for ourselves I must not now speak at too much length. Marks of favor and several privileges I bear with me, which were all cheerfully granted by his holiness. As a compliment to the priests of this diocese he has raised the two vicars general to the honors of the pur- ple, appointing them domestic prelates to himself. I warmly and sincerely congratulate Monsignor Hoyne and Monsignor O’Dowd on their well-merited elevation. To Doctor Delaney’s university studies and degrees at Paris he has given authentic recognition, honoring him with the Roman doctorate. I also offer Dr. Delaney my hearty congratulations. As a mark of esteem for our Catholic laity generally, and in especial recognition of the services rendered to the church by Mr James Coghlan and Mr Daniel Brophy, he has conferred on these gentlemen the Knighthood of St. Gregory the Great. You will all join with me in tendering our congratulations to Mr. Brophy and Mr. Coghlan. They well deserve the regard of the Sovereign Pontiff. “In order to keep fresh the memory of my dear and Venerated predecessor, the Right Reverend Michael O’Connor, first bishop of this diocese, I have pur- chased for the cathedral, in the best studio of Rome, a high altar of rare marble. When it is erected, as it shall be in a short time, you will consider it no un- worthy memorial of so good a prelate. I have also purchased three stained-glass windows for the cathe- dral—one a memorial of the late Miss Carpenter, who bequeathed funds for that purpose. In the course of a few months, when these additions are completed, there will be a public ceremony for the solemn con- secration of the cathedral. “And now permit me once again to thank you all for the heartiness of the reception you have accorded, and for the eloquent and kind addresses that have been read to me.” During the service the choir sang several hymnal selections suitable to the occasions. At the con- clusion of the Bishop’s address in reply, the benedic- tion was pronounced, and the vast congregation, which had filled every part of the Cathedral, slowly dispersed. Subsequently the bishop, clergy, nuns, and, a num- ber of the leading members of the laity, drove round a portion of the city. They inspected the new Roman Catholic college (Mr. Gaunt’s late residence, Coondah, which has been purchased for £4ooo) and the Bishop formally installed the principal (Father Reffe) and his colleagues in their offices. The prelate also escorted the Sisters of Nazareth to the new orphanage over which they are to preside, and which was purchased from Mr Tunbridge for £3000. The Sisters of the Order of St. Brigid will proceed this morning to Ararat, there to establish a school in connection with their order. Yesterday's Services. Pontifical High Mass was celebrated at St. Patrick's Cathedral yesterday, the bishop being assisted by Dr. Delaney and other clergymen. The sermon was preached by the Rev. Professor Reffe, who expressed his feelings of happiness, joy, and gratitude at the enthusiastic reception which had on the previous day been accorded to the bishop and party of priests and nuns who had come from the home country to labor in the diocese of Ballarat. The rev. gentleman, who has a foreign accent, but is, nevertheless, a fluent speaker, for over half an an hour dwelt on the need for a sound Christian education. Youth was the link that bound the present to the past, and it was educative and religious training that moulded and fashioned the character of the young people. The fathers of the Holy Ghost had come to Ballarat to do this good work by taking possession of a beautiful college and grounds pur- chased for them by their respected prelate, Dr Moore. After some further remarks regarding the matter of education, Professor Reffe said that he had been in- formed that collections were being made that day for the charities of Ballarat, charities which he had reason to believe were open to all and were admirably managed. The preacher then made an eloquent appeal on their behalf, and asked all to give as much as they could to the support of the sick and poor. The collections for the day amounted to £80, the total from the Roman Catholic Churches in Ballarat and suburbs being about £120. At vespers in the evening the Rev. Fr. O’Farrell preached a most eloquent and impressive sermon on the words, “The kingdom of heaven is like to a man that sowed good seed in his field,” taken from the gospel of the day. The rev. preacher explained that the sowing of the seed, the fertilising of the land, the watching the first growth, and the gather- ing in of the harvest, referred to the great work of saving souls. It was for this end, the salvation of souls, that God created man, placed him in a paradise of delights, and surrounded him with safeguards that he might fulfil his end. We know how, so far as he could, man frustrated the Divine purpose, and became a prey to all the vices and passions that now beset poor humanity. Good seed was sown, but the ground is now a mass of briars and thorns. To remedy the evil, to renovate the face of the earth, the Son of God became as one of ourselves; we see Him an infant; at work in the carpenter’s shop; preaching and healing the sick; in Pilate’s hall; and at last giving up His life on Mount Calvary. By this means, and in his own mysterious way, was he fulfilling his Divine intention that the good seed should grow and ripen, and that the angels when they came should reap an abundant harvest. The work thus begun he would have carried on by his apostles and their lawfully appointed successors, the bishops and priests of the Catholic Church. The preacher then spoke of the Australian colonies as a remote corner of that field of the world where the good seed has been sown. He referred specially to the purpose of the bishop in bringing out to Victoria four different orders of “ religiouses” to teach, and to preach, and to care for the sick, the fatherless and the afflicted. But while contemplating with joy the sowing of the good seed, the rev. preacher exhorted his bearers to watch over the designs of the enemy, who while men sleep fails not to sow the tares and the cockles. Evil powers are still at work, as they were when our Lord was on earth. Things are seen in a wrong light; there are the evil influences of infidelity, heresy, and a corrupt literature. The sight of this evil in the world was the secret of the sufferings of Jesus. And it was, in a different degree, the same feeling that inspired a holy man more than 150 years ago to do a great work. It was St. Alphonsus Liguori who founded the Society' of Redemptorists. By a singular coincidence, the day that saw the landing of the Redemptorist fathers in Melbourne (Friday last) was the anniversary of the day when the society was first established in Italy. Father O’Farrell then went on to explain what the Redemptorists propose doing in Ballarat. Their mission, like that of St. Alphonsus, was to evangelise the poor, and to heal the contrite of heart. Like him, they would go among the people, sow the good seed, and en- deavor to keep out the bad. But like him, too, they were conscious that if they would sanctify the people they must sanctify themselves. It was, therefore, their intention to establish a monastery of Redemp- torists in Ballarat, where they could occasionally rest from active work, and attend to the affairs of their own personal sanctification. Here, also, young men would be trained to carry on the good work in days to come. The rev. preacher assured the congregation that the Redemptorists would not fail by their humble prayers to implore the blessing of God on the people; and, in return he begged the people to pray for him and his fellow priests. The sermon was one that will not soon be forgotten by the immense congregation within the walls of the cathe- dral last Sunday evening. \----------------------------------------------------- 