SELECTIONS. The following selections were taken up at the undermentioned land offices on Thursday last. \- Cootamundra — James Joseph Worthing- ton, 40 acres, county Clarendon, parish Bute : William Elliott, 160 acres, Bland, Irigalong; Charles Star, senr., 120 acres, Bland Triga- long ; James Joseph Moylan, 40 acres, Harden Cucumbla. Gundagai. — James Robinson, 100 acres, parish Gundagai, county Clarendon. Gunning. — George Robert William Pye, 40 acres, Bunton. Leases. — George Robert YVilliam Pye, 240 acres, Bunton. St. Patrick's College Goulburn. — At the annual distribution of prizes to the students at St. Patrick's college, Goulburn, on Monday last, Master J. Collins, ion of Mr. J. Collins, of the Yass Farmers' Home Hotel, was awarded prizes for the following subjects : — French, Arithmetic, Algebra, Geometry, and English. Honors for Yass Boys.— At the recent examinational St. Ignatius College, Riverview, we find that Masters John and Timothy Coen, 5on,s of Mr. M. Coen of Yass, distinguished themselves by carrying off-numerous prizes. Small Debts :Court.— This court will in future be held in Yass twice a\qonth, and the -first court under the new ariVigement, will open this morning. ,v< Public Schools.— The public schools will break up for tha Christmas holidays oh next Thursday, and the usual examination of teachers, of whom there are a number in town commenced at the Public School under Mr. Lawford yesterday. V The Catholic Schools. — These schools' will break up on Thursday for the Christmas holidays, and there will be an exhibition of the children's work at the convent schools on that day. A grand entertainment will be given by the senior pupils, the performance opening at one o'clock. .. Handsome Prize Trophy. — Mr. George Merriman, of Ravensworth, who won Messrs. J. H. Geddes and Co.'s special prize at the last Yass P. and A. Show, for the best ram, bred and owned in the district, has received the prize, and without exaggeration it is the handsomest trophy yet offered by any Sydney firm, or won by any exhibitor at the Yass P. and A. shows. It consists of a solid silver candelabrum twenty eight inches high, with three richlyornamentedbranches, each having a . glass globe, and each stand bears the inscrip tion "Yass P. and A. Association, 1888, for best ram bred ami owned in -the district, won hy G. Merriman, presented by J. H. Geddes and Co." The prize is a credit to the establishment that presented it, and we offer our hearty congratulations to Mr. Merrriman in being so fortunate as to secure the prize with which he is highly pleased. Stock Passing.— On Friday last the follow ing stock passed through Yass : — 4000 sheep belonging to Mr. Thomson, from Yonng for Monaro. 3000 sheep belonging to Mr. Ryrie, from Sandy Creek, for Micalago. Another lot of 14,000, belonging to Mr. Green, are ex pected to pass through to-day, from Grenfell for VVeejasper. Picture Almanacs.— We have received two pretty picture almanacs from Mr. D. R. Bevan, of the Palace Emporium. One is a picture of three young tars, and the other represents an emu hunt on one of the plains of Australia. The prints are from Messrs. Gibbs, Shallard and Co., of Sydney. Yass District Hospital. — The monthly meeting of the committee of the Yass District Hospital on Friday week lapsed for want of a quorum. The members present were Messrs. A. W. Thomson (President), E. Howard (Hon. Treasurer), A. Zoellner, and A. C. W ood (Hon. Secretay. ) vfter waiting until 8 o'clock,- ahd si qu'drum not being, present, the President declared the meeting lapsed. Just as the members left the hospital grounds Dr. Hoets came up, but the meeting having been declared lapsed could not then be held. Glorious Wea,ther. — A great change- has taken place inthe weather, and the drought has fairly broken up. On Saturday there were several very heavy thunderstorms, and while they lasted a great quantity of rain fell. On Sunday morning, however, the rain commenced in earnest, and with only a few slight intervals, it continued up to yesterday afternoon, and during that time over five inches of rain have fallen. The storm on Sunday morning was accompanied with loud claps of thunder and brilliant flashes of light ning, which kept on during the greater part of the day. The heavy rain appears to have been general throughout the district, for on Sunday night the Yass river rose far over its banks, covering all the fencing on the flats below the bridge, and came up to the pits at Mr. Howard's tannery. It fell considerably yesterday morning ; but after the heavy rain of yesterday it is sure to be a good height again It was rumoured in town that the approaches to the Tairfield bridge, near Gundaroo yvere washed away," 'and Mr. Chisholm started off yesterday to ascer tain the truth of the report, and see Nhat damage was done. The rain has saved the district, and all class are jubilant at it, as there will be now for several months a plentiful supply of both grass. and water, and t&e; river and creeks have got that particular cleansing from sheep wash and other matter whiclT they so much needed. The rain seems to have been general throughout the colony. The storms in Sydney and Goulburn on Saturday being heavy and damaging. In Sydney the downpour was the heaviest ever recorded. In Goulburn the storm is said to be the heaviest ever known there. There was a perfect street flood and damage was done to a uumber of stores, including Gillespie's boot factory, and Gardner's grocery store. In Yass the weather is not yet settled, and at the time of our going to press there was every appearance of another downpour. Bank Holiday. — Monday next, the 24th instant, has been proclaimed a bank holiday under the 4th section of thebank holiday Act of 1875\. Public offices may also be closed on that day. I a / 1 For Mental Prostration / "7 IP T Use Horsford's Acid ' / / / Phosphate. / Dr. H. Walker, Auckland, N.Z.t says/ " I have found it to act very well in severe mental prostratjM and nervous depression. "Jfihiind it in- dispensibl£ in my practice, having Klptn careful observations of its action for Mover twelve monthff1 "" J a— amp— FomM—wwapaeMSNi B.iwninG Races. — The programmed of the Bowning races appears in .another . column. Besides a Sheffield handicap with three division, there are 5 horse race, and the prizes amount to nearly £30, which, for one day's racing at Bowning is something grand. A well chosen commictee has been appointed, and with Mr. J. J. McDonnell as hon. secre- tanr, all loveis of the turf, and. of pedestrian- ism; who will patronize Bowning on Boxing day, can rely upon witnessing aday's goodsport. The Fishing Season.— The late hot weather has caused the Fish to bite a little, and although the water in the river is a little muddy, a fine large Goulburn eel ventured into our waters to try and swallow a few little fish to take down to the Goulburn pool. Our old Yass angler not knowing the kind of bait to use, failed tobag him ; but a young fisher man who had been to 'Goulburn learned the kind of bait to use, so he went down the stream to try his luck in the hole, in Ward's paddock. After a very short time he was suc cessful, and landed him ; he then brought him up on Friday evening to Cross' paddock for his friends to see how foolish the poor eel was to come into the Yass waters. The poor eel struggled for some time on the beautiful green but as he saw there was no escape he gave up the ghost. One or two poor innocent shrimps followed up to the top hole with him, but Jack was there with his net and was success ful in bringing up one or two yellow bellies. The old angler was there also watching the sport, and joined with the others in giving praise to the young fisherman for his sicill in landingt he trespasser. — Com. Quarter Sessions and District Coorts. — -Courts of Quarter Sessions and District Courts will be held at Yass and Queanbeyan during 1889, on the following dates : — Yass, Quarter Sessions, Tuesday, 5th February, and Friday, 26th July; District Courts, 6th February, 27th July, and 9th October. Queanbeyan, Quarter Sessions, Tuesday, 5th March, Tuesday 2nd July, and Tuesday, 5th November District Courts, 6th March, 3rd July and 6th November. The Condemned Woman Louisa Collins. — At a meet»g of the Executive Council, held on Thursday afternoon, the" case of the con demned woman Louisa Collins, convicted of having murdered her huband, Michael Collins, came up for consideration. The decision arrived at was that the death sentence should be carried into effect. The day of execution has since been fixed for Tuesday, January 8. Forfeited Conditional Purchases. — The following conditional leases have been declared forfeited : — W. R. Chambers, Yass, SS acres 1 rood, King, Bango ; H W. Shuttle- worth, Burrowa, 100 acres, Monteagle, Coco- mingla. Diseases in Sheep and Pastures and Stock Protf.ctiqn . Acts. — Owners of less than 500 sheep, as well as butchers and others must have their runs and premises registered with the sheep inspector for the district, on or before the 14th January, 1889. Owners of more than 500 sheep must make a return of the same to the nearest Clerk of Petty Sessions on or before the 1st January next, and owners of horses, cattle and sheep must make a return of every animal they possess (even though it should only be one head) 4 the inspector of the district, before the 31-st December instant. Forms of returns can. ba-ohtained from Clerks of Petty Sessions, Inspectors of stock, or at any police station. Botany Handicap. — The Botany gold cup handicap, on Saturday, was won by J. McGarrigal of Queensland, by about two feet, in i2j seconds. Temperance Lecture. — Mr. Semple will deliver his Temperance lecture in the Protes tant Hall, on Friday evening. " Ladia£, do you want to be jfreng, IlOTthy andfaAttyul ? "Hffnuse Dr. S/ule's American Hopftfigrs. ' Resignation of the Primate. — The most Rev Dr. Barry, Lord Bishop of Syauey, and primate of Australia has resigned his high and important office, and inhis address (othesynod on Friday evening, he said his only reason for taking such a step was that when he was in England he was told by three leading physicians, that it was impossible 'for his wife to return to Australia without seriously en dangering her life, and after 37 years of union and in the evening of their lives, he did not, in order to keep his office in Sydney, deem it to be his duty to complete a separation between himself and his dear wife. The announcement of his Lordship was received with profound regret. Courageous Rescue from Drowning. — Perth, Saturday — A courageous rescue from drowning at Pinjarrah is reported. Two girls were bathing in the river, and one of them, who was unable to swim, got beyond her depth. Her companion went to her assistance, and was dragged under. A girl named Ada Pater- son, 10 years of age, a good swimmer, went to their aid and saved them, but nearly lost her own life in the effort. F 1 re at Murrumburrah. — Murrumburrah, Saturday.- Johnstone's Railway Hotel and Assembly Hall were burned down this morn ing1 The fire occurred at about half-past 1 o'clock, and it is supposed to have originated in the kitchen. The hotel was insured in the Australian Mutual Society for £800. ' The furniture and effects, the property of -Mr. James M'Grory, the lessee, were iusured in the City MutuaT Society for £500. The hall also was insured in the Victoria office for £650. The railway platform and station-house nar rowly escaped, as also did a store and some private dwelling- in the opposite side of the street. The Premier at Waratah. — At the lay ing of the foundation-stone of the Waratah School of Arts, on Saturday last, Sir Henry Parkes in replying to the toast of his health said it was hiVintention never to retire from Parliament — (loud and continued cheering) — and he would never seek rest in the Upper House. He would never seek rest in private life, but so long as a body of electors would honestly and independently return him he would sit amongst the representatives of the people. He would take little trouble to secure his election in future, but he knew if defeated in one quarter a dozen electorates would invite him — (cheers) — and he knew his feltaw countrymen would never refuse him a seat so, long as he was able to take it If he had otfe ambition beyond another it was to live and die a representative of the people. (Loud cheers.) "Roughen/Catarrh." — Corrpfl offensive odors at oMDt. j£oiflplete cure of Ters/ chronic cases ; also unequalled as a gargle ior diphtheria sore throat, foul-breath. Gundaroo Public School. — Messrs. Gerald Massey, Curtis Dyce, Samuel South well and James Whittaker have been appoin ted to form the public school hoard for the sub-district of Gundaroo. 