BREVITIES. Thursday, 20th. inst.—Centennial Day —public and bank holiday throughout the colony. Concert for tho Tallangatta churches to-morrow night. Tcloplionic communication betweon Bcechworth and Stanloy. Tolographic rates. Bolfast election on Thursday, 2nd prox. Probable walkover for Sir Bryan O’Loglilen Mr. Kibble appointed assistant traffic manager, Victorian railways. Salary, £700 a year. Six 12-ton Armstrong guns, for tho armament of Sydnoy forts, anived from Loudon on Priday. Intense heat general. Sovoral cases of sunstroke reported. Sir ’Eneiy Parkes appointed G.C.M.G. Bush-fires still prevailing in tho River ine district. Tho lossos through tho fires about Albury somewhat overstated. Mrs. Maguire, who was supposed to liavo been burnt to death, has returned homo. She had taken rofugo at anothor selector’s. “ Three of a kind beat two pair.” A Mi's. Murray, wifo of a farmer at Tumut, gavo birth to triplets—one boy and two children—last week. An oxchango says tho mother is ontitlcd to tho Quoon’s bounty. But never a word of sympathy for tho poor, hapless fathor ! Mr. Peter Lalor, ex-speaker of the Legislative Assembly, returned from California last week. Peter hopes to be a “lollor" in Parliament Houso next session. Mr. Gravos, M.L.A., addrosBing his constituents at Mansfield the other night, mado a grave speech. Ho had reason to believe that a Coalition Government could not remain much longer in office. He thought Mr. Gillies would succeed Sir Graham Berry as Agent-General, and that Mr. James Service, on returning to tho colony, would resumo his position as Premier. Terrific gale in Auckland, N.Z., last week. A train blown over, two passen gers injured. Walter Hyde, agent of the Shearers’ Union, for trespassing on Barwidgeo Station, near Warrnambool, and in com pany with (iO others, intimidating men shearing there, was fined £20, with £4 4s. costs, or six months’ imprisonment. For refusing to leavo another station when ordorod, Ilydo was fleeced of another £5, with £2 2s. costs, or a month. Perhaps Walter will now hide his diminished head. Tho Sydney Government have decided to substitute tho cablo system of tramways for that of steam now in uso in that city. A young man named Kirkwood fell into a tank of boiling molasses at a plan tation near Bundaborg, Queensland. Death instantaneous. Bu8sian man-of-war, 33 guns, 360 offi cers and men, in Sydney. The Czar’s cousin, tho Grand Duke Michael O'Fitz, is lieutenant. Other distinguished gen tlemen on board are—Count Toll’s-too higli and Princo Tickle-me-laugh. A cod-fish weighing 971b. has been caught in tho Goulburn Eiver, near Sey mour. Tho story does seem owro true, in the opinion of a Tallangatta angler. The Codlin moth ha3 attacked the Ade laide gardens. By latest accounts the plague had laid many gardens bare. Owners are guardin’against the spread of tho pest by systematically coddlin' their Kopnrts from grain-growing centres toll of ncor liurvosts. On reading the poor yields of cereal crops, one can see real cause For grumbling of farmers. The unprolific returns attributable to the in roads of blight and rust. News from Avoca evoke a feeling of commiseration for tho farmers. The locust plngpo in full swing thereabouts— chowing oiward, singing as thev go! Tho Unijfid States congress has voted 50,000 dollars to provide for the repre sentation ^f tho republic at the Melbourne Coutonnia* Exhibition. Tho Srtith Australian Government havo commuted tho death sentence passed on Tommj Dodd for murdering his mate to impri.se imont for life. Tommy and his “pal” were aboriginals. This an ounoement will bring a leer to our riflenen’s faces. In consequence of the nutnoi ms accidents occurring through their age icy, tho Lee-Remington rifles issued to tho Now Zealand volunteers have beer called in. Falling tears have increased is the volunteors have deceased! Who wouldn’t livo in America ? J. R. Hoyt, a citizen of Enterprise, Florida, was shot dead recently by one G. R. Cook, who objected to tho piano-playing of Hoyt’s vife. The potato crop in tho Lancefield dis trict promises well. Tho .sale of the Merri 1’ark estate, Warrnambool, averaged £-10 per acre. The health of Mr. Walkor, Com missioner of Customs, is improving by his visit to Tasmania. The Imperial Government has decided not to contribute towards tho cost of tho proposed exploring expedition to tho Antarctic regions. Tho Home authorities haring thus tlirown “cold wator” upon the proposal, the project will not be sub jud-ice for some timo. Michael Costello, postmaster at Wal halla, has been arrosted on a charge of stealing a chequo for £23. A boy iiamed Horton cut in two by a train at Hobart on Friday. His father had his leg broken on tho same lino only a few days previously. Alfred George Corrio, an old resident of Mansfield, tried to chop his head off with a tomahawk tho otlior day. Ho did not quite succeod, but died in tho attempt. Ho had latterly been brooding over a possible old ago of poverty. A widow and four orphans loft. Bogus £5-notes—photographic imita tions—upon tho Sydney branch of tho Bank of New South Wales have been cir culated in Sydney and Molbourno. Why don’t farmers insure thoir livo stock? The Clydosdalo stallion “ Young Ivanhoe,” belonging to a farmor at Lanco field, died from an affection of tho livor. The owner’s loss is a heavy one, the horse being valued at £1000. Tho lato Mr. Holmes has *mado a bo quest of £40,000 to tho Bendigo Hospital. On the death of two nephews—who re ceive the interest on tho estate during their lifetime—tho property goes to tho hospital funds. Another injustice to the poor dobtor! Not long since a man who owed more here than ho found convenient to pay could avoid embarrassing consoquencos by changing his locus in quo to South Australia; but, alas! by tho Intercolonial .Debts Act that valuable privilege is now denied him, and the bordor lines botweon the colonies will not bar the bailiff with his Fi. Fa.'s and Ca. Be.'s, and all the rest of it. The Queensland Government ordered tho ejectment of Chinamen off the Cloi mont goldfield. Thero are 150 Mongolians on the field. Some difficulty is antici pated, and tho Warden has applied for reinforcements of polico. lloast-Chow is deomed very toothsome to tho black troopers’ pnlntc. George Craig, minor, missing from his hut on tho Thompson River, sinco tho 8th inst. Search for him fruitless. Sup posed to have fallen into tho rivei. Branch of the Amalgamated Miners’ Association of Victoria inaugurated at Croydon (Q.) last week. A Maytown (Q.) publican named Ah lers is allers rowing with his Chinese cook, Mr. Ah—something or other. In tho latest quarrel tho kitchon mechanic stabbed the “ boss” in four places. John was just about to “ cook” his victim with a chopper when Policeman X13Q- execu ted his arrest. Tho suffering host ex pected to give up tho ghost. John L. Bullivan, tho American pugi list, boxed with J. Ashton in tho prcsonco of the Prince of Wales, in London, on December 9. The Prince presented him with a watch. Sullivan had Wales at his back—Ashton’s wales wore on his front. But wherefore the present—surely tho Yankee wasn’t “knocked out of time?” Ashtonisliing, if true! Tho N.S.W. Government has an oyo to its pastures. M. Pasteur, tho well known French scientist, has telegraphed to tho Minister of Mines, directing atten tion to liis scheme for rabbit extermina tion by inoculation. The scheme is now engaging tho attention of the Govern ment, but nothing will bo determined until the return of the Minister of Lands from New Zealand. Omeo annual races fixed for loth and 16th March. Ten cases of typhoid fover reported from Numurknh The number of students uudor instruc tion at tho Ballarat School of Mines during the past year averaged 832. A girl named Jano Nichols, aged 18, poisoned hersolf—it is supposed through accidont—at Williamstown on Sunday by eating camphor. She was accustomed to use the drug for the good of a cold, but took an overdose. At Goelong a man named Sullivan was fined £1, with £2 10s. costs, for exposing his child suffering from measles. Though she was instructed as to tho means of preventing the spread of the contagiou, tho dofondant’s wifo took tho child on to tho railway platform. A glovo fight in Sydnoy botweon Larry Foley and Jack Burko (Amorican) ended in a draw. At tho close, Jackson, the colored champion of Australia, challenged Burko to fight to a finish for £1000. Burko declined to fight Jackson, on ac count of his color. He probably thinks his blows wouldn’t “ show.” Besides, tho other might prove a “ dark hoss 1” Tho services of the secretary and valuer and rate-collector of Omeo Shire Council have been dispensed with, a month’s notice boing givon each officer. With a view to retrenchment, the Council are about to morgo tho two offices into one. Tho Yarrawonga Sliiro Council—bur dened long enough with the nuisance— are taking steps for the eradication of the Bathurst burr. Jumping match for £25 a-sido at Juneo on Saturday last. Amos Ledger, of Be nalla, beat M'Davoren, a localito. Height cleared, oft. 9in. c The Yarrawonga folks don’t altogether dote on tho military. A public meeting recently hold to take stops for the forma tion of a volunteer corps-concluded that the regulations were of'too stringont a nature. The proposod cavalry njovemont is also hors de combat ! - . Tho Ornoo Shiro Council iiro about to urge on tho Minister of Railways their claims for a railway. In a discussion on tho subject at the last meeting of that body, Cr. Gresson remarked that “he was tired of asking tho mombor for tho dis trict to do anything in the matter.” Be ware of aggression in this quarter, Mr. Wright. Johnny Driscoll, tho woll-known jockey who -won tho Melbourne Cup on Tim Whifilor, diod in Sydney on Sunday. 