Tests for Candidates. Mn. 'W. Smyth, M..L.A., has done him self credit by tho liuinnev in which lie has answcreil some questions put to him by the Miners' Association of Gympie. This body of men, in special meeting; assembled, by special advertisement called together , in imiiosinc; response numborinc about n score, proceeded to consider the answers to five categorical questions given by the four candidates who have been announced for the Gympie electorate. Upon the answers given was to depend (he important decision as to which couple of the four candidates the Miners' Association should support. In the voting Mr. Smyth was third on the list. So the old, faithful, tried representative is to be cold-shouldered because ho is not syco phant enough to surrender his judgement to that of one section of the voters in his electorate. 'We do not suppose that Mr. Smyth will be so terrified by this re sult that he will refrain from appealing from the decision of the twenty to the de cision of tho whole body of electors. The franchise is wider than any class, or trade section, of voters. Mr. Smyth will, doubtless, appeal from the narrow trade test to the broader intelligence of the enfranchised community. 'Wo may assume that as so few miners responded to the call, the process of applying a test to the candidates had not the sym pathy of a huge majority of the class. If those who were not present absented themselves because they ob ject to make their support of a man depend on the exact accordance of Ids views with their own on matters that were purely of the class-interest sort, they showed extremely good sense and good taste. There was a strong difference of opinion amongst those who were present as to whether a mere handful of miners, probably not more than one per cent, of the whole number on tho field, should take the responsibility of pledging the entire association to a definite course, about which they were not themselves agreed. Some of those present applauded Mr. Smyth's manliness, and eight of them voted for him, whilst Captain Ferguson got nine votes, Alex. Pollock eight, and Mr. ('hopple five. Opinion was almost evenly divided. But by one vote Mr. Smyth is supposed to be excluded from the miners' support. If this thing were serious, it would be deplorable. But as it was little better than a farce, it may not be regarded with any misgiving or apprehension. The two questions which Mr. Smyth would not answer in the way required wore the following : ' 1 . 'Will you introduce or support a measure to reduce the price of miners' rights from 10s. to os?' Answer : 'JTo. 1 at one time thought that the mice miaht be reduced to as., but sincn then fresh taxation has been imposed on other classes of colonists, and ns a miner I am prepared to contribute a fair share towards tho revenue of the colony. I do not think, for tho privileges a miner's right gives ' the miner, that the charge is excessive. He can prospect and take up land for mining purposes on any waste Crown land in the colony ; he has the right to a residence area of a quarter of an acre of land on which to live, and some of these areas havo been sold to business people for good sums of nioncy ; he has police protection, and the necessary Government offices on tho goldfield. In Victoria the miner's right is only os., but he has only a small area of country available for prospecting, and the wages aro lower than in this colony. Again, I do not think it wise to say too much about this reduction, as there are hundreds of miners on this field who havo no miners' rights, as the mining registrar's returns will show.' Question 2s*o. .2 : ''Will you support a measure to abolish the. stamp duty on scrip ?,' Answer: ',Xo. My reason is that a revenue is to bo raised, and the burden should bo adiustcd as fair as possible. The Government subsidise hospitals, schools of arts, agricultural societies, recreation grounds, divisional boards, and municipalities, and in mauy other ways expend moneys on our gold fields, and in return must raise money. The stomp duty is one easily collected, and as a rule is paid by persons, who, if they eon afford to buy scrip, can afford to pay stamp duty. The working minor as a rule does not dabble in scrip ; if ho goes into a mine he sticks to it for years, so the stamp duty does not fall on him very heavy. I should like you to look up l'ugh's almanac for 1887, page 189. You will thero sec that all classes of persons who do any kind of business pay stomp duty .;_ in the lace ot tins can wo afk that the miners must bo singled out as one section 'of the community who will not have to pay stamp duty ? Do you think it possible that any legislature in the colonies would be' able or willing to ?.pass such a measure ?' It is not our primary object just now to discuss the questions of miners'Tights and stomp duty on scrip. 'Wo are draw ing attention to two things of a different kind. -.Pint, tho attempt ;to niako a man's entrance): into Parliament, or his return thither, depend ton his sentiments regarding matters that are exclusively of interest to one or two classes — manual workers or financial speculators. Second, the candid manner in which this attempt was met. .. Mr. Smyth's answers speak for him.. He is mado of hotter' stuff. than to Reekii seat in Parliament by tho sacrifice of his personal convictions or his sense of equity. ?? .Ho does not sec why' tho mining industry should ho pampered more 'than1 other industries. '''Everybodykhaws that the State gets little enough from 'the gold which is taken out of the earth. As for duty stamps on scrip, tVis is not the time to decrease taxation in any form. But if it were, has mining scrip any moi-c right to exemption than land transfers ? In tither case a transfer of property takes place; tho transferree expects to make money by his transaction. Ts profit on gold shares less valuable than the same amount of profit on land? But the main question is : To what extent may we expect tho hands of candidates to be tied by societies and associations ? 'We ?have teetotallers wanting to bind all of their guilds to support only temperance men. 'We have politico-religious orders following a similar course. AVe have the freetraders and protectionists taking up their hostile attitudes and endeavouring to get men forward who will advocate their respective views. 'We have funnel's' unions trying to get representatives who will protect their industry. Be tween these different claimants for re presentation a candidate must feel himself to be in a dilemma. Fortunately it often occurs that party interests arc held pai'a mount to class interests. The crisis comes. The sense of patriotism triumphs over the sentiment of selfishness. Men feel that they are called on to rise to a higher plane than that of class interest or local prejudice. It will be so at Gympie. Voters will, on reflection, see that Mr. Smyth as a free man is a nobler fellow than Mr. Smyth bound by promises and humiliated by concessions, against which his judgement revolts. They will rally to his side when the struggle comes. Some of the members of the association anticipated that. 'When candidature for Parliament becomes a matter of haggling and bargaining between eligible men and innumerable societies, independence will have become a skeleton and manliness a ghost, whilst patriotism will be a lost sentiment. 