COLONIAL IXS1XK. LONDON, Abo. 1 Judgment has been gfveh in the action brought by Mr. Henderson, on behalf di several shareholders in the Bank ofAus tralasia, to restrain the directors from granting a pension of £1,600 for five years to the family of the late Mr. E.' S. Parkes, manager of the bank in Mel bourne, who was killed in the Windsor railway accident last year. The Court decided that the grant was legal, and gave judgment for the defendants with costs. . . . The judicial committee of the Fr|vy Council gave judgment to-day in the case The Trustees, Executors, and Agency Company (N. S. W.) and another v. Short, ah appeal from a decision of the Supreme Court of New South" Wales on October 27, 1686, refusing an application for a rule nisi for a new trial in an action of ejectment brought by the appellants against- the- respondent to recover 60 acres of land at Botany Bay. The appeal was granted with costs. LONDON AUG. 3. The Wallarah (New. South Wales) Coal Company, which was recently registered with a capital of £100,000, has been placed on the market. Dr. Moore, the Roman Catholic BiBliop of Ballarat, intends sailing from England on his return journey to Victoria in October. He has arranged to establish orders of the Sisters of Nazareth and Fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost in Ballarat. The Rev. Mr. Hunter, minister, at Stornoway, in the island of Lewis, who recently received a letter from Mrs. Jessie Campbell Browne, of Sydney, offering pecuniary assistance towards the sending out of 1,000 crofter families :to New South Wales, has replied that he is unable to entertain the proposal until he receives details as to the measures in tended to be adopted for their settlement in the colony. A clerk named Grant has been sen tenced to five years' imprisonment, on a charge of having forged the name of Mr. R. Barr Smith, of Adelaide, to two letters of credit for £200. LONDON, AUG. 4, In reply to the protest of Sir Graham Berry, the agent-general of Victoria^ against the decision of the British postal authorities in regard to the day for the despatch of the mails for Europe from Australia, Mr. Raikes, the Postmaster General, has intimated that the decision cannot be altered. Mr. Raikes expresses the hope that the agentB-general will endeavour to induce the colonies to accept the situation. The law committee of the House of Lords has cancelled the clause which had been inserted in the Agency and Trus tees Liability Bill, permitting the in vestment of trust funds in colonial stocks. At- a meeting of the various gold mining companies fofined in London to work the reefs at Etheridge, Queenslauid, it was resolved to amalgamate the whole of the companies into one concern. LONDON. AUG. 5. The Citizen, of London, publishes a statement that Lord Carrington has inti mated a desire to resign his post as Governor of New South Wales before the end of the present year. [Wei hare the best authority for giving the statement referred to in the above mes sage an absolute contradiction.-ED. ^4.3 ? LONDON, ADO. 6. It is rumoured that Bishop Barry, of Sydney, will succeed Bishop Stubbs in the see of Chester. LONDON, AIJG. ft In the House of Commons last evening,, replying to Dr. Tanner, M.P. for the Midland district of Cork, the Under Secretary for the Colonies stated that the Colonial Office had not received any pro test from the Victorian Government m regard to .the emigration of paupers to the colonies. > In the House of Commons last evening, Sir James Fergusson, the .Under-Secre tary for Foreign Affairs, made a state ment regarding the expulsion by the French of the Rev. J. Jones, a mis sionary of the London Missionary Society, from the island of Mare. He said there was no hope that the French authorities would consent again to admit the Rev. Mr. Jones to Mard. He added that nothing derogatory to the Rev. Mr. Jones's character had been proved, and he believed that Mr. Jones had conducted a Christian and meritorious work on the island. 