DEAD MAN'S ROCK. ' ' A Rouawoe bt Q, : : wk r. THE QUEST QF THE GREAT RUBY. CHAPTER Yl (CosTnTDED). tells how a TAOS looked in at the window op la1ttrio ; .and i ..that mannkb uf rather came home to os The me! "had scarcely began when the aocr opened and Master Thomas lioveoay sauntered iptp the . r'wra. Master Thomas Lpveday, a youth of some eight sntnifaera, was, .in defn'R, of . a . home of his own, quartered. permanently upon my nuclei whose brother son r he ivas. His early "days had been spbnt in l-idia. After/however, both father and mother' had snecambed to the climate 'of Madras, he was' sent home to Eogland, and had taken root in. Lizard To wn. Hitherfaj, h's.life nafa.fieBn one long l»zy slnmber. ' When we "were Bent, on hia ; rare visits-: to; Lantrig, .to ' play .together,' as old age always'rudely pots " it, his invariable, rale, had .been to go to sleep on the first convenient spot. " Consequently' his presence embarrassed me not. a little. He was a handsome boy, with, bine eyes, long lashes, fair hair, and a gentle habit of speech. When I came .to "know hiin better, I learnt the. qdick'.wit and snbtle -.power "that1 lay beaeath his ' lazioeas of ' manner ; hilt at present the sonl of Thomaa Loveday slept. He' was certainly nfit wide awake when he entered the room. With a sleepy nod at me, and no trace of - enrpriee at my presence, he pursued his meal. Occasionally, as Annt E izabeth pat a .fresh question, he wonld regard hsr with a long stare, but otherwise, gave no sign of snimatiod. , This finally so exasparated my aunt that she addressed him— ' ; !' Thomas, do not stare.'"" Thomas looked mildly surprised For a moment', and then inquired, Why not?' : 'Does the boy thiiuk .I'm a wild .Indian?1 The question was addressed to me, but I could not say,: so kept, a discreet eilence. Thomas 'relieved me" from my difficulty .by answering, '.No,' thonghtfullv. ; Then why stare ao' I'm eure l don't know .what bovg are made of, nowadays.' , ' Slags aui ' soaileand p"uppy- dbga' tails,' was the dreamy ans wer. , Thomas, now 'date yon ? I should like to catch the person who taught you Bach nonsense. I't teach him!' > 'It was .Uncle Loveday,' remarked the innocent Thomas. There was an awful pause; which I broke at, length by a-kiiig to be!ailowed!to go. Aunt; Elizabeth saw her way'to getting rid of the: offender! " : 'Thomas, you 'might walk with" Jasper- over 'the downs to Lantrig." It will be nice exercise for you' " ' - ! "It may be exercise, aunt, but ' ' Do not -answer me, but go, .Where do yon .expect little, boys will go to - who are always idle ?,', - : . . - : / Sleep ?, ' hazarded Thomas. j '.Thomas, you. shall learn the whole of Dr.; Watts's'poem on. the sluggard belere you go to bed this" night!' ' '' 1 At' this the boy slowly rose, took off hia cap, ; stood before her, and solemnly repeated the whole of that melancholy tale, finishifag thei la-t line at th door and gravely bowing him.-: self out. I followed, aweairuck, and we set: out in silence. .... .. At first, anxiety for ray mother possessed all my thoughts, but presently I ventured to congratulate Tom on his 'performance. ' 1 She has' xead it 'to rae'so "of tea,'' "replied he, ' that I can' help knowing it. I hat» Dr. WattB,' and I love to go to eleep. I dream such jolly things. Sleep is ever bo -much nicer than being awake, isn't it? ' ! ! I wanted sleep, having had bat little for two nights, and could therefore agree with ,hi<n. . : ' You get such jolly adventures when you dream,' said Tom, 'reflectively. I bad beeu ratherBtufeite'd with adventures lately, so held my peace. 1 ; .'Now, real life is bo drill. ' If one could only meet with adventures -' I caught the sound of wheels behind us, and turned - round. We had struck off the' downs on to the high road. A light gig with .one oconpant was, apprpaching na. As it. .drew near the driver hailed as. ; Hallo!; - lads,! is. .thia ! the road for Polkitnbr ?,'..,. Tpe speaker was a Bhort, grizzled, seafaring man! with' .a kind face and good humoured mouth. . He drove . execrably, and paled' hie q-ite'c mare right'back npon her haunches, f answer ed tnat it w»s.:- , : . ' Are yon bound Tor .there ? Yea ? Jump np then. , I'll give you .a lift.' I looked,' at Tom;, he, of course, was ready - for anything that would .save. trouble, Bp we clambered .up beside the stranger, . ..'There was a. .,wreck thete.(yeat8rday1 I've heardr'"Baid hq, aftqr w<t tad gone a few y irds, ' an.d' ,»o inquest, And, by jtfae' tale , I beard, ,» foi of IieB told.' "' ' " ; I started'. ' Tbe man did not notice it, but continued — : , < \- - : 9 vofo it, a mm, world, and a fine lot or lies ge-.B. tola every .day.' bat yoa doa't .often get sofacco.m- plished a liar sb that chap-ffhat'e.his uajne ? Ble.ssed if ;J oan tackle, it.; not bat, what it's another lie," I'd wager/ I .was listening !intently. He continued more to himself than' to ns — ' An amazing liar, though I wonder what hiB game was. It beat me, beats my oltogetner. L'oe James and EhZkbe'ch, says be, a large aa life.' I take ir-: tbe fellow .couluu'c 'a been fooling who brought the news to Falmo.a.th, Didn't know, tne from Adam, and was., fairly put . about when be saw bow I took, it, and, saye he. . " 't«aa the James Elizabeth, the chap .said, asrurfafas I'atand here." " Bqy/dp you happen to know the' name of the veial tnat r'au ashore hbriaj nignt store last?"' ' I bad grown accustomed : to being asked this dreadful oneetion, and ' therefore answered as bravely- as! I could, /The'- Jabaes and EbzabBth, sir:' .. . i- '.,' - , Captain's name?' ' Captain Antopins Merrydew.' 1 Ah, kkoor cfiap 1,, Hq was lying Bick below whenshe struck/wasn't he And fie fipd a wi,fe ahpard, , and;, a. . cbfld born fat sen; hfadn't he ? 'FqlJL faiclt. in tbe. Bay o| Biscay ,' like any lahd-iberdidfa't he? '? .'VVhy/Vs' like play- ttCttn'Y damiiie f 'ftis better than that.' - Witn thii the man -burst into'a; shout of laughter and iilapped his tbigh-'. until hia . face grew purple with merrimenti.: : What, d'ye thjnk of it, .hoy, for a rare f Arcs ? Was ever the .likeB :of it, heard? , tCaptain Antonifas Merrydew, sick . jn. the Bayfj' Biscay ! . Hg hp l 'Wfaejrefa pI.fajQtin'.bfas.ide ,lt?, ..... .. .. ) ' . ; .' Wasn't it true, sir? ' True ? God bless tbe boy ! Look me in tbe face; look'me.in -the face, and theu ask me if ife true.' ' . .' Bat why should it not be true, sir ? ' Because I am Captain Antonins Merry dew !.'. . - r . ' p.; . - ... ' .- .-.-For the rest of the journey I eat etnnned. Thomas beside' me. was; .wide awake and staring, seeing hie way to .'ap ndyegntarfajat last, it waB ;I .that dreamed— I heaifa with- lofat comprehension the rest of tne cap-ain'fa taje : bow bfa hadcome, after a quick passage from 'Ceylon to Falmodth witb the barqn'e James and 'Elizabeth/ just '.in tiine to hear Of this '.monstrous lie ; how he was unmarried, and never had a day's illness in his life ; how, suspecting Ion! play, he.had hired a. horse and g'g, with, a .determination to; drive over to .Polkimbra; and learn, the.', truth how. a bores afad ;gig werq, the mosjCtiraedly obatioate of created thiogs . wUfa much beBideB in the way', of ;pajhi| fafafa. ejiiqnfiijngr. ' ! A.1I this I, .uwt have heard, fof . memdry brought them back later ; but .I did not listen. My life ana c'r- c'dmstanceB bad got the upper hand of me, and'were'danbinga'devirB riot. ' ,;At last, after much tackifag and porting of hehn,' we navigated Polkimbra Hill and cast anchor before the 'Lugger.' There .we alighted, ithariked the. captain, and left him Pipjng all, bends to . tbe , horse's bead.; His chcqry voice followed ns down to the, sands. -tWfahad determined to-ont.aoross Foikimbra Beach, and. .oliqibup to Lantrig by Ready Mfafat? pliffsi es infarder to.jgo,alonfa thfa.jth above the .cliffs we should have "'to ; a«ce,nd Fqlkimbra Hill again/,'.; The bech 'whs. so'f nil of 'horror tq ma that without a cbuVpa!nto'n,T could not have , Ofoseed it ; " but Tom'e presence lent tne coufsge.' - Tom waB nearer to excitement than I ..had ever seen him ; he grew voluble; praised tbe. captain, admired his talk, end declared "adventure to be a.broad in, the air— in' faqt,. threw up bis -head as though helecerited ft. , ,v ' " ... .. , i Ifes, adventure was in tbe air. It was not exactly... to tqy taste, however, nor did the thought of my Vpqqr mother .a'- home make met'mqjre sympathetic yfjth opj's ecstasy ; . so whilst; ; he. c'latteLeq. ' I strode 'gloomily forward over'.this .hefadb. ' ' ' The dky Was drawing towards noon. October: was 'rfvejiinjg'ih an, faftsr-tasta of' sntnmer; enq m.'jed in broad glory pvsr beich and sea, A lig'it bre-zs' bore eastwarl a'.few. fl-ecy clouds,: - and the waves' danced -and murmured before its breath. Their, salt scent; wss in our iio«t?ilB, :aud the glitter! pf .thesaJiJ in onieyesf. niank ahdiBorahre.-.intheciear air. Dead. Nan's Rock rose.ip glopipy janjatinn , from, .tbq, »», , whjjp. thfa,|$qarprde viyppriji glistening iirclefa. round ita soinxnit. But what' 5 ... . . . s ! i . : ' » " i t Seemingly, a little knot of men stood at the watfaaedge. As. we drew. nearer. I could diatifagttish/their forms? 6 'not their occfa. pMiqa, for fney stood in" a citbfe," intent on aomereect tu their "midst concealed from our view. Presently; howe'var, they fell into fa rough iine :a4 .thongh'making" tor the Arch way; to Rsady-Money-&3ve. '' Something tbey carried among- them, fand .coatinoally-atoopei over; bat what it waB I coull not see. Their pace-was very slow, - but they turned into! tbe arch and were disappearing, when . I . caught eight of the uncouth', little 'figure; of .-Joe RoscqrU amoug the. last'/ and ran forward, h-tilihghimfayriame. " At the souud of my voice Joe started, turned round' 'and made a slow pause ; .then, with a Jew: words to his -neighbour, came quickly towards me. -As he drew:near, l .aawthat-.his face was white and his mmner lull of embarrassment; bat he .put on a smile,' and spoke first — . . . '.Why, ..Jasper, jvhat be doin' along here?' ' I'm goiug bome. ' Ha Uncle Loveday seep mother? And is Bh'e. better?' : ' " ' Aw ias, he've" a'e'een her an' ehe be qnieiter leastways,' he be bonod to do : her a power o' good." But what be goin' back for ? 'Tain't no use botherin' induora wi' your mother -in thicky wisht state. - Run about an' get some pby.' . . ' What were you doing down by the Rock just now, Joe? ' Joe hesitated for a while ; stammered, and then saiil, .'Nuthin. B'at| -Joe. you Were doing something /what were yoa carrying over to -Ready.Money Cove?" ; ' " : ' Look>ee here, my lad, ran an' play, an' doan't ax no question: 'Tain't for little boya to ax questions. : Now I comes to. think of it, doctor said as you was to stay over to Lizard , Tnwn. 'coa tb»re ain't no need of a'paBsel of boys in a sick.h iiise ; so' ton along back.' Joe'e voioe had a carious break in it, and his whole bearing was so unaccauntable that I ciin not wonder when Tom quietly said — ' ' Joe, you're telling lies.' No w Joe w»s, in an ordinary Way, the soul of truth ; so I looked for an explosion. To my faujpriae, however, be took no notice, of tbe insult, but turned again to me—. ' .: JaVper, lad, run along back ;i do'ee now.' His ' voice was' so full of entreaty that a sudden suspicion took hold of me. ' Joe," is — has Anything " happened to mother?" . ' Noa, to be sore ; she'll be gettin' well fast enough, if so be as you let her be/ . ' Then I'll go and see Uncle Loveday, and find outif I am really to go back.' ... I made .a motion .to go, but he caught me qdi'ckly .by thearm. ' , .. , ,' NbWj Jasper/doanVee go; run back,' I; tell'ee— run back— I- tell'ee yon must go' back.' 'His words were so earnest aud fall of>' command that I turned ronod and faced him. Something in hia eyes .filled meWrith sickening fear, !-. ... Joe, what were yon carrying ? ' No answer.- . . , . . .'. Joe, what were yon carrying ? ' SciU nb answer ; bat an appealing motion of thehand; ' ; - . - ' d be,' what was it ? ' ' ' '"'Go hack!' he- said, hoarsely. ' Go! back'!' ' . ; 1 will not, until I have Been what yon were currying,' . . ! 'Go back, boy ; for God's sake go back I ' I wrenched myself from his grasp, and ram with all Bpeed. Joe -and .Tom fqlld wed me, .but fear gave "rne fleetne'ss. ' Behind I could , heir Joa'a panting voice, crying, 'Come1 , back!' but the agony' in his tone set me runn ing faster. 1 flew throngh the archway and saw the small procession half-way across the cove. At, my shorn they baited, paused, and one or two advanced as . if to stop me. : .Bat I dashed through their hands into their midst,, and saw — God in heaven ! What ? The drowned face of my father ! Tenderly as women they lifted me from the body.' Gently and with tear stained faces, they Btood around and tried to comfort me. Reverently, while Joe Roscorlaheld me in his arms' behind, they took up the corpse of him fahey bad known and loved so well, and carried !it up tbe cliffe to Lantrig. As they lifted the latch and bore the body across the threshold, !a yell qf maniac laughter , echoed through the .house to the very roof. . And this " was ' "my father's ' ' Welcome Homer.""''.'.". Nay, not all; for as Uncle Loveday Btarted to his feet, the door behind him llqw <>pqn, and iny rabttaer, all in' white, with very madness: in her eyes, rushed to- the corpse, !knelt, caught the- dead' ban I, kissed and fondled the dead face, cooing and . softly laqgbiog.the while with a tender rapture .that would . have rooved.hell itself, to pity.', .. ..... " In' this manner it was' that theae two fond loverp.met,. . . ., ;... ,. v, ! ' " CHAPTER VII. tells how uncle loveday hade a DIB- covert ; and , what- .the tin box con- "'tAined. An hqar afterwards I was sitting at the bedside of my, dying mother. The shock pf that terrible meetiug had brought, her uVder- Btanaibal— and, 'death ; ' for as her mind returned her life ended away.: White: and placid ehe.lay-.upon her last bed, aud, spoke no word; b.ut in her eyes could be read her death wprraut, .And by rqe that which was yet more fnll of anguish!' a tender hut ,pn fading reproach.. - -Tbje worjd'Vi's full oYmUandefBtandingB, but seldom' is met one so' desperate.' How could l tell her riow ? ' Afad' h'ow could 'she eyer" 'under stand? Ir. was all' too. late. "Too late! too lste (-" -'the'words haunted me there fas the bright sun struggled through the drawn .blind and illumined her saintly face. Tnpyand.tbe loqk in her sweet eyfashave haunted me many efaay'since then, a,r\d .,wqold be yyith!ine,yer, did; I not beheyfl Bhe knows the trnth 'at laet. There are trio many ghostB'in njy merhories fqr Heaven to lightly add this one more. '" " She was dyibg'- — "etowjy' and' peic fully dying, and this was the end of her waiting. He', had . returned at Let, this btt- baud for whose coming, she had watched so 1 >ng. He .had returned at last, after all his labour, and .had b.qern J aid at. her fegt.a dead .map. <Svfa yyjsi free tqigo.' and, join her- loye. Ti me, .qfind aj'ae/thie'wma'.iojy cyue;. Dsfajb, fas 'I k'n.ow how. is very merciful even when bfa reeenis !moet mermtess; hut as I sat and watched the dear liffa "slowly drift away from from me, it was'a hard matter to understand, : The pale sunlight came, fand dickered, and went ; bat she lay .to all: seeming unchanged -Her pfal0fa'8:;b8fat«8 failing— failir.g; the .broken heart,, feebly, struggling to ire rest ; bfat jiei/ ead eyes, were, still "the' same, Appealipg, ..qqeBtibping. relinking— ali'wjt.h ,..ut hope faf answer or explanation S > yere rfi y when the sobbing fis.heympri lifted her from the body, so ' would' tfiy be until closed for the last'sleep. fi'Ir wa very cru-l.'i ' .. My. father's'bpdy lay in the > room below, wit'h Uucle'Luveday .and, .Mr. Busvargns for wajtehers. . Now and " agaifa sir uuc.li yopld Steal .soilly upstfairil, and ,sb epf ly fet.farp ,t?i th hvpfaleasees . upon .hia .face,'. The. clock downstairs.'gavq the only npuhd I heard, marked the footsteps of the dark' fahgel coming nearer and'nearer. Twice my m' -tbfar'ji: lips p-rted as if To speak ; but. though I ,beot d n to catch her words, I could hear! -no son>«d. . . . ; . -, .'So, as I sat and watabed her waxen fac»,i all ..tbfa sweet tqemoriep pf her came back: ifa a es d, Vep'roachfnl ' trsin. ..Ones', more we pat tog.', her hy.the.tvidowed hearth, reading ; oncfa more , we fatoqd npon tfie . rocky edge ot . Pedn- glfis and looked " into the Bplendonrs of the.-, sttmnaer 'sunset' ' for father's, ship ; ' once more' we knelt together in' Polkimbra Church, and nraved for his safe return ; once more I heard that: sweet, , low., voice — once more. Ah, never, never more ! -Uncle ! Lpveday. qtoto into the room on tip-toee, and looked at her /then turned and asked— " . Has she spoken yet? ' No.' He was abont to leave when the lips parted again, and this time she spoke — ' He is coming, coming. Hash ! that is his step ! ' ' . .. T ' The dark eyes were ablaze with expecta tion ; the pale.oheek.aglow with hope.. I bent down over the bed. for her voiqe. waa: very low. . ' He is coming, I know it Listen ! Ob, husband, cqmfa/jnicker, quicker ! 1 . Alas 1 poor saint, the stepyou li- tefa for has gone "before; and .is already at the gate of heaven. : 'He is here! Oh, husband, husband, you have come for me i ' A moment she. 'sat up with arms out- stretched, and glory infler face; then fall back, and the arms that caught' her. were the arms of God, .... , . .Aftor tbe first pang of bereavement bad spent itself, Uncle, Loveday got. ma to bed, And .there, at. last I 'slept/ The very bewilderment of so much ' sorrow 'enforced sleep,' and sleep was needed /sotbat; wotn out with watching and excitement; J, had not so maoh as a dream to trouble me! It wajs 10 o'ciockin the morning when I awoke/ apd; -SfaW;tpyjanclfa sittingbeside |bebq,/Another sun w'as.brjghjt .in , tbeheayepsoutside; .the. "whole World looked so calm and' happy that roy. first jmpulse. was to Jeep up and'tun/as" ! wee my custom, to mother'stroo|n.. Then my « ee'fell on Unde Loveday, and the whbje otfattdful jrn'h came . auiging into cqy awakened br«io. I sank back with a low moao upon ihe pillo'w. r > . Uacle/Loyeday,. who h»d been' watqhing me, stepped, to. .the bed and took my.hanoL J ssper, boy, are yon better? ' After a snort struggle" with my grief, I plucked up heart qr auewer that I was. 'That's' A hr-veboyT I askfad,- 'bscause I have, yet'' to tell . you somet'iifag. . I am e doctor, you. know, Jasper, and so you may take, my word; when I say .tnere is no good, in what is called " breaking newg." It is always beat to 0havs the pain oyer and done -with ; at least,' , that's , mr experience. Now, my dear boy, tho igh G >d . k'>q Va you have sqarow euougb; there is s'lll someching to fell ; and if 'yon are tbe boy I take you for, it is lit at to let-yiiu know at once.' -" Dimly wondering what nw blow fortune could deal me, I sat up in bad and looked at my uncle helplessly. : ' Japer, you think— do you not — that yonr father was drowuel?' I ' Of cpqrsR, uncla.' ' He was not drowned/ ' Not drowned ' No, Jasper, be was murdered/ The words came slowly and solemnly, and even with the first shock of surprise the whole truth dawned upon' me. Toia; theu', exvi >ined the effect my name had wrought upon those two strange men. This was the reason why, aa we apt upop Dead Man's Rock, the eyes ot Jahu.KaiUoahad ratused to msec mine ; this was the reason why his murderer had gripped me so viciously upon Ready- Money Beach. These few words of my socle's began slowly to piece' together the Bcattered pazz-e of the last two days," eo thutl half gue-sed tbe-ane'wi-r ae I asked — ' Murdered ! How ?.' ' He was stabbed to death.' I knew it, for I remember tbe empty sbeath that bung - at Rbodojani's yiiat, aud heard again Railton's words, ' captain, it. wag your knife. As certainly as if I hd fitted the weapon to its. care, I knew that man had prompted father's murder. Even as I knew it my terror of'hi'm faded away, and a blind and helpless hate sprang up its' atead ; help- less'now, but some day to be' masterful and worth vof heed. That' the man 'who called himself Georgio Rhodojani was guilty of one deatb,'I knew from tbe witness of my own eyes ; that he bad two/more liveB -upon bis black account — for the hand that struck my father had also slain my mother — I knew as surely. And the devil has got his due, my Lde I No, not yet; there was still one priceless soul for him to wait for. . .. ! 'He was stabbed,' repeated Uncle Love day, 1 stabbed to the heart, and from behind. I found this blade as 1 examined yonr -poor father's body. It was broken off cloee to the hilt, and left in .the. wound,- which: can hardly, have bled at all. Death must have been immediate. It's a atrauge -business, Jasper, and a strange blade by the look of it.' . I took the blade from hii hand. It was abont 4in. in length, sharp, and. curiously yorked ;' one side was' quite plain, but the other was covered with intricate tracery, and down the 'centre,, bordered with delicate f rait and flowers, I. spelt- ont the legend ' rieordati.'; . . ' Wnat does that word mean? ' I asked, aB I handed , back the steel. . My voice was so calm and steady that Uncle Lpveday glanced at me for a moment in a'mazsifaent before - he answered— ; ' It's .not Latin, Jasper, but'it'e like Latin", ahd I'sh'onld think must mean 1 remember,' or something of the sort.' ' " Remember," I repeated. 1 1 will, uncle. Ab surely aB father" was murdered, I. will remember— when the time comes.' , They were strange words from a boy. My une'e looked at me again/' bat doubtless thinking my brain turned with grief, said nothing. .. . ' 'Have you told "anybody?' I asked at length. ' I have eeen nobody. There will be an icquest, ot course, but in this case an inqueBS cau do nothing. Murderer and murdered have both gone to tbeir accmnt. 7 By: the way, I suppose nothing h»a been seen of the man who gave evidence. It was an unlikely tale; and this makes it the mpre auspicious. Bless my soul ! ' said my uncle, suddenly, ' to think it never struck iiie before ! ' - Your father was. to sail in the Relle Fortune, and this man gave the name of the ship as the Jamee and Elizabeth.' . . ' it was -the Bel'e Fortune, and" the man told- a falsehood-' I suppose it must have been.' ' I know it was.' ... ' Know ? How do you know ? ' ' Beqauee the James and Elizabeth is lying at Falmou'b "Harbour, and her captain iB downattbe "'Lngger.'" , : " (to be continued.) 