Premature Burial, A Singular Caso Which Occurred in Paris. Another caso of Premature burial worthy of being analysed in tho realistic manner of Zola has occurred in Franco. An olderiy womnn who lived at an Old World place called St. Ouen La Rouerie recently fell ill and, ns her friends thought, died. Tho funeral took place, and as tho grave digger was preparing to lower tho coflin into tho earth he heard moans issuing from insido tho lugubrious fourboards inclosing the presumed corpse. Then followed a scene which was an exact counterpart of what occurred about twelve months ago in another rural part of Franco. Tho gravo digger, half frightened of the probable ghost which his imagination conjured up and partly awed by tho require, ments onncted by tho law in circumstances such as thoso in whioh ho found himself placed, left tho coflin in tho caro of tho mourners nnd went oft with hia somber story to M. lo Maire, Thut. rural dignitary, having duly donned his scarf of ofilce and summoned the villago doctor, proceeded to tho local ' God's acre,'. Tho coffin was openod, and it was discovered that the woman had just died from fright, having awakened from, a trance' to find herself hemmed in between tho terriblo deal planks. When horriblo Bcencs like this nro repeated it iB timo for the authorities and public nt largo to take into consideration tho invention of the ingenious undertaker who has adopted Its hia motto, ' No more prematura burials.' This practical porson offers to 3iipply to all eases of doubtful deatli an apparatus by means of which those who may havo had tho mia fortune to bo buried alive may not only inhale fresh air on their awnkening, but also communicato by signal with tho world which haa^left them for dead. Dl'. S. P. Nocklevitch has recently died at Lozki, in tho Novogrudsky District, Russia, in his 109th year. Ilis denth occurred quiet suddenly, as, about a quarter of an hour earlier, ho wroto a prescription for ono of liiB patients. The Chinese are entering tho English bookmarketns purchasers of theirown litera ture ; and it is said that Chineso works nro constantly sent back to .China, the sale being Biifllcient to eflcourago this. Thore were CO.USB births in Tarls last year. There wero 57,092 deaths during tho samo period, of which moro than 10,000 were duo to pulmonary diseases. Ono can scarccly ctedit tho fact that the result ot a collection from a largo and I well-dressed congregation at Canterbury Ca thedral, England, recently, was only l-ls. 