MYSTERIOUS INCIDENT IS" THE IlEFE of baron swedenborg. IiEISCKE HOCS. Kmannpl Swedenborg was not the illite rate fanatic which many suppose him to have been, but a man ofsolid learning and responsible position in liis native land. He had also travelled aud resided in many parts of the old world and the new, and was well known and appreciated by dis tinguished men, who were his con temporaries, in various countries. Xt was in his latter years that he almost wholly devoted himself to theological studies, and arrived at those interpretations of Holy Scripture which are still held by his followers, called Swedenborgians, and who call themselves "members of the Yew Jerusalem Church." Of the peculiar tenets of this denomination we have no purpose to speak, but the reader will find the most intelligible account of them in a voliime entitled " Yoble's Appeal," by the late Rev. Samuel Yoble, who for many years was minister ■ of the Yew Jerusalem Church, in Hatton Garden, London. The only point to mention, because con nected with the story which we are about to narrate, is the claim of Swedenborg to supernatural enlightenment, obtained sometimes by direct Divine revelation, and popularly believed to be more frequently the result of communication with the spirits of the departed. In fact, in read ing some of his alleged "revelations," we seem in the very atmosphere of " second sight," as understood in the Scottish Highlands, or of the "spiritualistic" communication of our own day. Mr Gurney (of whose death we hear with regret, while we are writing) and his colleagues of ihe Psychological Society have published many things quite as marvellous as any of the visions and revelations of Emanuel Sweden borg. But we must come to the facts of the Charlottenburg stoty. The Ambassodor from Holland to Sweden, the Count de Marteville, died suddenly at Stockholm, where his widow remained till their affairs] were settled. Amongst the claims sent in, was a bill for drapery and other household articles. The coun tess clearly remembered that this bill had beeu paid during her husband's life- ; time, but she could not find the receipt. There are dishonest shopkeepers and tradesmen in all j countries who try this mode of exaction, and it is successful where receipts have i baen destroyed. Some friend of the widow advised her to consult Swedenborg, who already had the reputation of con versing with the departed. After a few days she was informed "by Swedenborg that the late Count had taken the trades man's receipt for the money, on such a day, in such an hour, while he was read- j ing an article in Bayle's Dictionary, in his library. His attention was called j immediately to some other business, and j he put the receipt into ihe book to mark I the place at which he had been reading. The receipt was found by the Countess in Bayle's dictionary, as she was told. This wonderful affair was much talked about, and came to ihe ears of the Queen, who was little disposed to believe in anything supernatural, but who nevertheless re solved to put Swendenborg's power to the proof. One evening when he wa3 a guest at the palace, ihe Qneen took him aside, and, after referring to the faculty said to be possessed by him, begged him to inform himself from her deceased brother, the Prince Royal of Prussia, what he said to her at ihe moment of her ! taking leave of him for her journey to -Stockholm. She added, that it was of such a nature that it was impossible the Crown Prince could have repeated the words to anyone, nor had it ever escaped her own lips. Swedenborg came again to the palace after a few days. The Queen was seated at cards, when Swedenborg requested a private audience. She said that he might communicate what he had ! to say before the company, but Sweden borg assured her Majesty that he could ! not disclose his errand in ihe pre- j sence of witnesses. On hearing this J the Queen was visibly agitated, and giving her cards to one of her ladies, she requested Ml de Schwerin, one of the ' court attendants, to accompany her to another apartment. There* she posted ! Ml de Schwerin at the door, to prevent intrusion, and with Swedenborg she went to the furthest extremity of the i apartment. Here, out of hearing of any |r listener, he said " Madam, you took your la3t leave of the Prince Royal of Prussia, yonr august brother, at Charlottenburg, on such a day and at such an hour of the afternoon. You were afterwards passing through the long gallery in the Castle of J Charlottenburg when •you met him af,ain. He took yon by the hand, and led yon to a window, where you could not be overheard,andthen said these words—■—." The Queen did not repeat what was said, although telling the foregoing cirenm- j stantial details to more than one of her I friends ; and the strange sioxy was still 1 current when 3L Thiebault published j his Anecdotes. The Queen herself laid stress on the truth of the recital, hat professed incredulity a3 to any conference j with her dead brother having taken place. The same scepticism appears at the close of the Baron de Grimm's version of the I story. He was a materialist, and could \ not believe, on any evidence, the existence ! of man after the dissolution of the body. It ought to be mentioned that there are j other versions of the story, one of which j affirms that what Swedenborg repeated to the Queen were the contents of a letter ] received from her brother, and not words spoken ; and it is noticeable that M. Thiebault does not profess to know what was communicated. There are many other I anecdotes abont revelations received' by ! Swedenborg, and there is no doubt that I he himself thoroughly believed that he conversed with spirits—as people pro- j fess to see or hear ghosts in our own days. Bnt in either case it is'noticeable that the j visions are real only to the " visionary,r and the voices are heard only by those who I describe them. The phenomena are not objective, bnt snbjecrive. They are in ' " the mind's eye" only, although .very i real to those who believe in them, as Swedenborg evidently did, and others of | abnormal or disordered mind, whose ravings are charitably set down to partial insanity. The possibility ' sf some communications from the world of spirits i3 not here dismissed, bnt it is J right to consider any reasonable explana- j tion before admitting the supernatural. In these cases reported of Swedenborg, if there were time for enquiry and search, there appears to be nothing miraculous in the discovery of the missing receipt in the library where the Count was in the habit of receiving his letters and trans- j acting his business. As to the communi- j cation from the Queen's deceased brother, I the statements are not complete or con- ■ sistent. One narrative speaks of words ■ without telling what they were, 'and other, versions may be only re petitions and variations of hi. Thie bauit's anecdote. If the farewell words were written, as one version says, the perfection of espionage in those times may have allowed even a Boyal letter to be read by official experts. The ^police dis coveries in Trench - history in that age might give rise to equally marvellous stories. Before we can admit the super natural, whether in these historical narratives or in the psychological reports of our own day, we must be sure that we po33ess the whole of the facts of each case, not told at secondhaudj but with accurate details, and the personal depositions of trustworthy witnesses taken at the time and duly recorded. Such details are usually lacking in these mysterious stories.; I 