air. arouse r. mean an hamlet. Shakspeare, it has been said, spells ruin from a managerial point of view. That, no doubt, was the case both in England and America during the period when burlesque and operetta hold the first place in popular estimation, but with the rise of the Irving and Wilson Barrett school in England and the Cashman and Booth galaxy in America there has been a Shak spearian revival and neither managers nor actors have of late had to complain of playing to a " beggarly array of empty benches" so long as the masterpieces of the world's dramatist are put before the public with ordinary care and completeness. It is not often that in Australia we have an opportunity of witnessing a first-class Shakespearian interpreter; and probably in the "dog days" there is on the part of the amusement-loving public an inclination to lighter forms of amusement, rather than to theatrical performances which appeal to the higher intelligence. There was not much, however, to complain of regarding the audience which assembled in Her Majesty's Opera House on Saturday evening to witness the first performance during this season, by the American tragedian, Mr. George C. Miln, of " Hamlet." Theoircleand pit were well filled, and the remainder of the house was packed by an enthusiastic audience. Play- goers were rewarded by an interpretation of what the majority of critics reckon the greatest play in the English language, if not in any language, which in many respects would com- pare most favourably with anything seen previously on the Brisbane stage. The tragedy was well mounted, and the performance was what might be called well rounded, all the leading characters being respectably, or more than respectably, filled. Mr. Miln, who comes to us with a considerable American reputation, belongs to the Kemble school of actors, modified to some little extent by the progress of Shakspearian criticism. His style may be characterised as that of robust classicism, as contrasted with that of Irving, who has adopted, or created, what some critics have designated as the exaggerated natural school of playing. The latter is distinct from the former in this respect, that Mr. Irving read poetry with the abrupt manner, as if it were colloquial prose, whereas the followers of the Kemble school road prose with a rolling swing, as if it were poetry. Both styles have their admirers, and there is much in each that is admirable, even from an artistic point of view. Mr. Miln's rich, deep, musical voice, which he modulated with much artistic effect, is especially adapted for the classic rather than for the naturalistic style of playing. His presence is dignified, and at any rate he is free from obtrusive mannerisms. His reading of ''Hamlet" exhibits a profound study of the text, and is admirably consistent, if not so intellectual as that of Irving. It seems to us more in accord with the Shakspearian tradi- tions. Irving presents "Hamlet" as a meta- physician, with courtly habits, who, for tho purpose of working out his scheme of revenge for his father's death, feigns throughout madness. it presented on the stage a picture of the workings of the mind of man. Mr. Miln's " Hamlet," on the other hand, is the embodi- ment of the poetic dreamer, the emotions of whose heart dictate his actions, rather than the subtle operations of the brain, and the intensity of whose feelings first unhinged his mental equilibrium, and finally causes insanity. We have the presentment in the outset, of the robust Student, rush from Wittenberg, a scholar, it is true, but a courtly gentleman, and a soldier, skilled in all athletic and soldierly arts. The death of his father, and the unnatural rental range of his mother to his uncle, make of him a recluse. His mood is that of bitter melancholy, not be much at the death of the king as that his mother should have married again and this Mr. Miln, with dexterous art, showed by his reading of the first Soliloquy. Hamlet was ambitious and looked to the control of the affairs of Denmark, and the introduction of the reform to which there are references now and again in the earlier part of the play ; but his career of ambition seems to have been cut short by his mother's unnatural marriage. He would have returned to Wittenberg but for his love for Ophelia. It is in this mental condition that he hears of the appearance of his father's ghost, and the effect due to the isolation of the apparition was as much owing to his lessened vitality as to the mental shock. Mr. Miln showed this by the faint into which he fell immediately after his interview with the ghost. The strength of the emotions raised by the tale of horror had over powered his weakened physique. The whole of the business of the interview with the ghost was admirably managed, and there was nothing overstrained in the portrayal of the emotions roused by the wickedness of his uncle and the discovery of his mother untrue to his father. It is in this whirling mond that he repairs to Ophelia to find some consolation from his sWeetheart. Ophelia, at the instigation of her father, returns him his letters, and denies him access,' and Hamlet, overpowered by the thought that all are treacherous and false, first reveals gleams of insanity. The feeling of Polonius is that of a man whose brain is morbidly active and suspicions, and from this time forward he becomes, at more frequent. intervals, altogether insane. In the lighter scenes he is more and more hilarious and in the last scene he goes into the presence of the courtiers dancing. In the melancholy scenes he displays a more and still more sombre mood. It is when he imagines everyone false to him that he begins to believe the ghost himself has not spoken the truth, and it is then that he con- ceives the idea of proving the truth of the story of the ghost, and his uncle's guilt, by the play scene. There is no striking novelty, it may be said here, in any of Mr. Miln's readings. The celebrated soliloquy, "To be, or not to be," was delivered with splendid elect tionary effect, partly sitting, and partly during a walk across the chamber. It is a simple matter, but he retains the modern instead of the most intelligent ancient reading, in the phrase, " I am mad, but north-north-west. When the wind is southerly, I know a hawk from a handsaw." The last word should be "Fernshaw." Instead of making the play scene the culminating point of the drama, as Irving does, he postpones the climax until the scene with the Queen. The play scene, is, however, remarkably well conceived and worked out ; jocular to start with, not only with Ophelia, but with Polnnius, jet exhibit- ing a mournful north after all. He completely forgets Ophelia, at whose feet he had cast himself, as the play progresses, and the purpose of his plot sizes possession of his mind. The intensity of Mr. Miln's expression, and his impatience to witness the climax, was wonders lilly artistic. Especially effective was the exhibition of the madman's glee over the success of his device by which he succeeds in making the King betray himself. The omission of the scene with the King praying assisted the development of Mr. Miln's conception and he comes to the interview with his mother as a man who is possessed by insane passion. This is in accordance with the tradi- tions of Garrick, who used to shake the Queen with passionate strength. Then comes the killing of Polonius, in which Mr. Miln scores an effective point by drawing aside the arms before he despatches the eavesdropper in the belief that it is his uncle. Mr. Miln, when he draws the contrast between his father and uncle, calling upon the Queen to " look upon this picture and upon this," makes use of two miniatures. Irving. following Kean, appealed to mental pictures. Kemble, on the other hand, appealed to two large wall panels. Fechter, if we remember rightly, was the first to make use of a medallion. The method of Irving and Kean is probably more subtly intellectual than the reference to a miniature drawn from Ham- let's bosom, and another drawn from his mother's ; although the latter scheme lends itself to considerable artistic effect, of which Mr. Miln was not slow to avail himself. Mr. Miln's acting throughout the scene was very intense, reaching sometimes to the verge of hysteria, but always showing a certain measure of reserve. Quite as powerful was the scene immediately following, in which his father's ghost appears to chide him for his tardy revenge, and it is here that he depicts his real insanity. When the ghost previously appeared, he was seen and recognised by other persons besides Hamlet, but in this scene Hamlet alone hears and sees the ghost, his mother charac certainly the vision and the message as the Terr coinage of his brain. In the last act, Mr. Miln was scarcely up to the high- water mark of declamation and artistic skill which he exhibited in this scene, although the business of the churchyard, at Ophelia's grave, and in the duel scene, was splendidly conceived and carried out on a level with the conception. If one fault may be found with Mr. Miln's reading, it is that in some of the quieter scenes throughout the players intonation is too subdued. He could easily convey the strength of reserve, even if he pitched his fine voice at a higher key, so as to render even his whisper audible in every part of the house. He would lose none of the effect of the contrast between the quietude of ordinary converse, and the pitch of passion to which he may be roused when the exigencies of the play demand it. The Ophelia of Miss Louise Jordan was an excellent personation. In the opening scene she was the gentle lover and the filial daughter, heartbroken by the struggle between her obedience to her father and her love for Hamlet. In the mad scene Miss Jordan rose to the occasion in a manner which perfectly thrilled the house. There could be no doubt that here was a woman distraught with grief at the cruel death of her father, and the no less cruel separation from her lover. Miss Kate Douglas played with effect as the Queen, and in the great scene with Hamlet her artistic method and admirable elocution materially assisted Mr. Miln's splendid acting. The Polonius of Mr. Robert Vernon was more than fair, whilst Mr. West was a passable King. Detailed mention of the other characters need not be made. 