THE HUMORIST. HAMLET. Hamlet, Fnnoe of Denmark, had a griev ance. This grievanoe was caused by the death of his father, who aooordiog to Ham let's idea, was a man from the ground up, and one that you don't run aoroea every day in the week. One day Hamlet heard of a stray ghost resembling his father very muoh prowling around at night, and as his father was in the habit of prowling around at night when he was alive Hamlet came to the conclusion that this ghost must be his father's. Hamlet had a friend on the police force named Horatio, and as this ghost prowled around on Horatio's beat Hamlet laid for the ghost one night Horatio and Hamlet had a little conversa tion, and Hamlet had smoked a couple of cigarettes, when all of a sudden the ghost ap peared on time. Hamlet was almost fright ened to death for some unknown reason j probably he_ thought his father (the ghost) had seen him smoking the cigarettes and was going to give bim a leoture on the bad effects of the iilthy weed and slam him against the ieuoe, just as he did before he became a spook. However, the ghoBt said nothing about the cigarettes, as he had more seriouB business in his mind, so to speak. After he had enticed Hamlet away from Horatio he told him a tale that made eaoh particular hair curdle in his veins and his blood stand on end and made him groan in a frightful manner. The ghost cleared bis throat and went on to tell how his own brother Claudius poured the juioe of Hebenon in his ear one afternoon while he was gently snoozing in his own garden. This juioe of Hebenon went through his eystem at a 2.10 gait, and when it pulled out at the grand stand there was a dead king In Denmark. Claudius had won the raoe, but it was a mean thing for him to do. There is one redeeming feature in Claudius, and that is he ^evidently repented the cruel deed he bad committed, and thinking he ought to suffer some for it married the queen and filled his brother's place aB well as he oculd. After Hamlet heard the ghost's story ho became very gloomy, and went around mut tering something about gardens that needed weeding, &o.; The consequeuoe was that King Claudius smelt a mouse, and made up his mind to Bend Ham, as he was familiarly oalled, to some foreign oountry for the first little indiscretion he oommittdU. He did not wait long, for Ham soon after killed an old idiot named Polonius, for wbioh little plea santry bis uncle Claudius sent him to Eng land. Ab Buffalo Bill was not in England at the time of Ham's visit he did not care to Btay there long; and Claudius was surprised one morning at breakfast to receive a little note from his nephew saying he was baok in Denmark " busted" and almost starved to death. Besides all this trouble Hamlet had a little family feud to settle. Laertes, the son of Polonius. whom Ham had slain, was hunt ing for him and talked about outting his throat in a ohurch, stamping on him, and amusing himself generally at Ham's ex pense. Claudius became Laertes's business ma nager, and got Hnm into a nice little hole by arranging a duet with swords between him and Laertes. As Ham played the treble he had things his own way at the beginning but in the finale, where it required good work by the bass performer, Laertes put Ham out of his misery. All the other par ties implicated kill 'each other, and the cur tain descends while slow muBic fills the audi enoe with anguun. -Texas Sifting*, 