Shreds and Patches. SEE, the man holds up the post, loose ? No, tfie man is tight. Is the post A TOM who advertised for a boy " to do heavv of°Ms'fathir °" - ®me in chargi ed b U t e a p p I i c a n t a n d b e " TRAIN up a child in the way he should go " and keep a little ahead of him in the same way during the training, to be sure he goes. 6 that JONES.—Rut, it's not my umbrella my dear ? sir, how can •> you v prove Smith.—By the man who lent it to me a year ago. do MR not be S.— anxious. If I am not at home by twelve o'clock, ' you needn'tworr y ^ you return, dear, f Iam D O t " I am surprised at the appearance of B. He LptinTeTKe?? ° * been disap- " No; he has been 0 disappointed y 0 U k U W in h marriage." e JABBER.—That's a very killing bonnet your wife wore to the theatre last evening Jiber-So I hear. Tbe fellow who sat behind her nearly twisted his neck off trying to see around it WIFE (before a lion's cage, to husband).— AVhat Hon eat me Sp? ^ ™ y ^eakand the Husband 8 (dryly).-! f b a should W e r e say t o s u he d d e had o l a good appetite. " flow many lodges did you say your huBband belonged to ?" she suddenly asked. "Fifteen." "Mercy on me! But think of a man being out fifteen nights a week ! I am really glad that I'm a widow 1" A CORRESPONDENT asks," Can you give me the income of tbe Duke of Westminster?" we'd Kind probably friend, we determine can't; we to haven'tgotit; keep it and if we had ' YOUNG STAYER [at 11.55 p.m.).- What a chawis it called ? ' P at it. What Miss Bored.- h a t W T a chose 8 I W i it B h because y o u W o u I l d thought r e e new to you. It's entitled " Going." it might oe be A GIRL said to her friend, who was about to S 7 % |!y millionaire, "How can you bear to think of spending h o m o l d your honeymoon in Paris with such a homely creature?" «l £ 0 not think of it as a honeymoon, my dear, but as a money-moon," was the "COME, John, get up," said his wife, briskly • 0 cl° k. You said you would get up at seven." ^.i f l V ' c fy dear," acquiesced sleepy John ; " but it was late last night when I said it. It's easily enongh to get up early the night before; ' and he turned over and wfnt to S166}) SigftlQ, A SCUFFLE took place between some Irish labourers on a bridge, and a battle ensuing, one of the Hibermans was very neatly turned over the parapet Whilst he was floundering in the water he exclaimed it me now,'if youTareV you spalpeen, come anl A YOUNG mother, travelling with her infant r o tn <^- « ? > her husband at home: 0 t h i ) 0 i D 3 e t t e r t c e ^ . y s babyc a a V e " ^H-At nonsense 1" exclaimed Brown, looking l-lnch here forr' e ; " W h a t d o they want to put all thif « SKFAY FF I" F L A G G '" 1 T H I D K IFC V 6 R Y APPROPRIATE." " Simply to match the foreign matter in the food." £RITZ married a very ugly girl, and on meeting hie friend Rudolph, the former asked : " How do you like my wife's looks ?" "Jeewhilikins! She must have lots of uionev," replied the candid friend. SWEET GIRL {disrobing).—Did you look under the bed ? , Old Maid.—What for 1 . Sweet Girl.—To see If there was a man there. Old Maid.—No, dear, I've given up all hope. " NEVER marry a widower," was the advice of young matron to her friend. " But you married one. Why not?" "It's bad enough to have to hear about your husband's mother cooking,buttohave his first wife's Discuits thrown jU your face every morning is simply unbearable." GRANDPA is unnecessarily sensitive ou the score ofbeiugas baldaea soap-bubble, and the fact is never spoken of in his presence. Aunty Mary has bought a sealskin cap for Uncle James. Little Albert {as the doors are thrown open).—Hooray Dranpa's dot a new wig! 1 HE.—If I was to ask you to marry me would you say that you would always be a sister ? She.—No, George, He.—Well I do ask you to marry me. She.—No, George, but I won't be a sister to you, either He.—Thank you, thank you. The change is most grate- " HAVE you the carte dujour ?" said the affected miss to the hotel waiter. " A carte at the dure, is it ?" he said. " Faith, Oi've not, mum. It's a waither, an' not a rag man Oi belave Oi am, mum. stupidity. And then she complained of his insolence and BLACKSMITH (to young wan).—You think you possess the necessary qualifications for a blacksmith? Young Man.—Yes, sir. I was a member of the football team at college. Blacksmith {dubiously).—You may be strong enough young man, but this business demands brains as well as strength. Do you think Lucie will succeed in winning Algernon ?" asked the high school girl. " No, indeed," replied Amy, " she hairo't a ghost of a show.' "My dear," protested the high school girl, "please don't say such horrid slang as' ghost of a show;' say' apparition of an exhibition.'" " I SAY, Jenkins, can you tell a young, tende chicken from an old, tough one ?" r "Of course I can." Well, how ?" " By the teeth." "Chi jickens have no teeth." "No; but I have." " WHAT a lovely face Mrs. Augur has in repose perfectly beautiful 1 Don't you think so?" said an enthusiastic young man to a grave old gentleman, who replied: " I can't say ; I never saw her face in lepose." "Indeed 1" exclaimed tbe young man; "then vou are not intimately acquainted with the lady ? " man. " N-n-o—I'm her husband," said the grave old gentle- FIRST LADY.—Mrs. Gibbs, I hear that your huBband baB failed. Second Lady.—Yes; he is the most unfortunate uian I ever knew—fails in whatever he undertakes He tried to hang himself after his failure. Poor man ! Did he succeed ?"' " No. Failed even in that. The rope broke." " MOTHER," said a young lady recently, "how came you to marry such a very plain, unpretentious man as xatiier i asked '.' H 1 such a that his daughter would ever have k n question, o w n tated. I presume I should have hesi- " Then you are not satisfied ?" "Not entirely. I almost wish sometimes that our daughters had all been sons." IT is much easier to be polite and neighbourly than to fly into a passion when things do not suit you. Take this note as an instance, addressed by a ludy to a neighbour next door :—" Dear Madam—Your children, who are numerous, and appear to be disorderly, no doubt deserve the frequent floggings you give them; but as many nerves are weak, I write this to ask if you can't do something to deaden the sound." " THE doctor says that you are doing nicely, James," she said to her sick husband. " He thinks all y0! mi? Ht, and recommends whiskev " U 'That e n doctor o w 1 8 a 3 t L knows m , l l a bis business!" exclaimed the patient, emphatically, rising up in his bed. " How much am I to take ?" " A teaspoonful twice a day." Then the convalescent fell back, and is now suffering from a dangerous relapse. . A POMPOUS man, with a very red nose, recently gave the newsboys a " talk " at their lodging-house. He asked them a great many foolish questions, and the boys got resiive. Finally he asked: "What is a bouquet? " "A bunch of flowers," answered some of tbe boys. And now," said he, with an air of great importance, ' tell me what a nosegay is." •• It's a nose covered with runi blossoms, like yours!" yelled one of the older boys, and the lecturer sat down amid a chorus of laughter. " I TELL you I shall do as I please !" shouted Mrs. Miff. " Well, well, my dear, I didn't say you couldn't," replied Mr. Miff. "And you can't stop me 1" I didn't say I could, my dear." You'd better not try." " Indeed, indeed, my dear, I won't." "That's just all such a brute as you cares about his wife! And Mrs. Murphy prepared to cry her eyes out. As the minister of a Scotch parish was going along the road, he met the blacksmith of the villas! f,°»V i, , considerably under tbe influence of liquor Ah, n Tam, o m e said tbe minister, " if, instead of drinking your sairwon seller in that way, ye had ta'en a good drini o milk, it would have done you more good, and saved vou a bit of money I' Tam drew himself up to his lull height as well as his unsteady legs would admit and with a look of coutempt, said' Milk—milk ! You mav (hie) drink milk all the day, but it will never gar ye think yereel & !" HERE are some hints about courting, as wise as o f homely wit:—First select the girl. Agree with the girl's father in politics and with the mother in religion. If yon have a rival keep an eye on him. If he is a widower keep two eyes on him. Don't swear to the girl that you have no bad habits. It will be enough for you to say that you never heard yourself snore in your sleep. Don't put much sweet stuff on paper. If you do you will hear it read in after years, when your wife has a special purpose in inflicting upon you tbe severest puniBbment known to a married man. Go home at a reasonable hour in the evening. Don't wait until the girl has to throw her whole soul into a yawn that she can't cover with both hands. A little thing like that might cause a coolness at the very beginning of the game. In old weather finish saying good-night in the house. Don't Btretch it all tbe way to the front gate, and thus lay the foundation for future asthma, bronchitis, neuralgia and hromc catarrh to help you worry the girl to death after she has married you. Don't lie about your financial onditions. It is very annoying to a bride who has ictured for herself a life of luxury in your ancestral alls to learn too late that you expect her to ask a baldeaded parent who has been very kind to her to take you out of the cold. Do not be too soft. Don't say, " These ittle hands shall never do a stroke of work when they re my own for ever; and you shall have nothing to do ut sit in our home all day and chirp to the canaries,'* s if any sensible woman could be happy fooling away ime in that sort of style, and a girl has a fine retentive emory for soft things and silly promises of courtship nd, occasionally, in after years, when she is washing he dishes or patching the west end of your trousers, she ill remind you of them in a cold, sarcastic tone. 