DIOCESE OF BALLARAT. (From our own Correspondent.) The Catholics of the diocese will be glad to learn that the Bishop during his stay in Europe is doing everything that can possibly be done to forward the interests of the Church in bis diocese, and that his lordship has been most successful so far in his efforts. A letter was received by Dean Hoyne, V.G., by the last mail, from Dr. Moore, who was, at the time of writing, in Dublin, stating that he had secured the services of a number of Fathers of the Holy Ghost to take charge of the college, which his lordship intends opening at the commencement of next year. The college is to be established at the beautiful mansion and grounds at the head of Sturtstreet, Ballarat, nearly opposite to the Bishop's Palace, the late residence of Mr. W. H. Gaunt. This is one of the objects which Dr. Moore had in. view in going to Europe. He spent a week in the college of the Fathers at Blackrock, Dublin, and the general of the order came over expressly from Paris to make the necessary arrangements with his lordship. The first president of the new college will be Fr. Reffia, who is considered by Dr. Walsh, Archbishop of Dublin, and Dr. Fortune, President of All Hallows' College, and others, as one of the most capable men in Ireland; and as a teacher Dr. Walsh considers he has no superior in the Irish Church. Fr. Reffia is a Frenchman, but speaks English fluently, and writes it with ease and. elegance. As a proof of his ability Dr. Moore mentions that the Archbishop of Dublin endeavoured to have him appointed over the Catholic University of Ireland. Fr. Reffia will be assisted by four other Fathers, two Frenchmen and two Irishmen, of this order, three of whom have taken their degrees at the London University. As these degrees are recognised by the University of Melbourne, they will be conferred upon them as soon as they present themselves.' Thus a status and a name will be given to the new college. The college of the Fathers at Blackrock has for several years past held the foremost place amongst the educational establishments of Ireland, and has obtained the highest prizes at the Intermediate and University Examinations. The five Fathers will come out with the Bishop in October next. It was announced at St. Patrick's Cathedral, on last Sunday, that his lordship would also be accompanied by a community of nuns known as the Little Sisters of Nazareth, whose special mission will be to take charge of orphans, and who will, besides, afford succour to the aged and distressed. These ladies are also to have a special convent for the carrying out of their good work. The .usual monthly meeting of the Christian Doctrine Society was held on last Sunday evening after Vespers. The Rev. D. Devane (the chaplain) occupied the chair. Messrs. F. J. O'Brien and A. Denier reported that they had paid a visit to the Redan school on the previous Sunday. On their recommendation, it was resolved that a concert should be got up'for the purpose of raising funds to procure prizes for Hie children attending catechism at this school, with the view of encouraging more regular attendance. It was announced by the secretary (Mr. H. Ellsmore), that prizes, consisting of good Catholic books, would, as has been the custom annually for some years past, be given to the Catholic children at the Ballarat Orphan Asylum on the last Sunday of the present month. A vote of thanks to the rev. chairman brought the proceedings to a close. The usual fortnightly meeting of St. Patrick's Temperance Society was held on Wednesday, 4th inst. The Rev. G. Doyle (the president) was in the chair. After the pledge had been given by the rev. gentleman he addressed a few words to the members on the advantages of temperance. Fr. Doyle having to leave, the chair was taken by a gentleman employed in Penal department, Mr. Samon, who spoke of the dreadful effects of drunkenness. In the course of his remarks he said that, from his experience in the department, nine-tenths of the crime committed in Victoria arose either directly or indirectly through drink. After a number of songs and recitations had been rendered by the members, the proceedings terminated by a vote of thanks to the chairman. 