|aj)p |]a3P "Tli i3 is true liberty, when frocbom men, lUving to nuvibo 1*10 public, may apeak free." AIiltou THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 15. 1888. CBOWN LAUD ALIENATION RECENT events in connection with the disposal of Grown lands in different parts of the colony show how neces sary it is that the party in power should be carefully watched, and Mr. Gormly did good servico when, in the Assembly some weeks ago, he drew attention to the way in which the Lands Department was sacrificing the public estate, and at the same time playing into the hands of the squatters. There can be no doubt that the pro ceedings referred to were equivalent to acts of downright dishonesty, for men may keep within the law and still be guilty of great moral wrong When the division of runs took place the intention was to give the squatter secure tenure over half of the land, and reserve the other for selection and settlement; and this evident intention should be carried out whore considerable areas of reserved | land are yet available, even though there may not be activc competition; for it is certainly not in the interests of the country that these lands should be put up to auction and formally knooked down to the runholders-who already enjoy a monopoly. This, of course, applies chiefly to the central division. As Mr. Gormly pointed out, during the debate in question, the Government havesold in this electorate, alone, during the last two months, no less than 20,000 acres, the lessees of the different runs buying the whole area. Everyone, who has the welfare of the country at heart, will doubtless agree with the remarks which fell from Mr. Gormly, and -which we published in Saturday's issue. Un questionably, it was a very undesirable course to sell this land near Urana, whig!} iif on the courso of the proposed canal to divert the waters of the Mur rumbidgee to Lake Urana, and to allow the land to fall into the hands ] of the pastoral lessees. This practice (said Mr. Gonnly) has been carried on until it is a possitive danger to the future prosperity of the country, and it is utterly impossible to make our railways pay if the practice is con tinued. In fact the Government has not the ghost of an excuse for their action in thci matter. As far as can be seen they have adopted this course of recklessly i disposing of the public estate to obtain revenue and avoid the necessity of further taxation. But they are mistaken if they think such tactics will avail them, or that they can blind the eyes of the people to their true character, and the motives which actuate them. It is not too much to say that the action of the Government in this respect is very widely condemned. But, as pointed out by a con- temporary, the most damaging charge in the discussion under notice was that against the Treasurer, " who was plainly accused of playing into the hands of syndicates." So far as Mr. Bums is concerned, we have always regarded that gentleman as being above suspicion of the kind. Unfortunately, however, " he is so mixed up with what are called Building Societies, but which in reality are land jobbing companies, that it is not extraordinary that he should be suspected of a desire to aid them rather than forward the interests of the country. The more especially is this suspicion aroused when it is seen that there is a feverish haste in offering lands in the (mmediate vicinity of the city of Sydney." In the course of the debate Mr. Garvan put. the case very clearly, as follows: " At Hornsby and Gordon, land which had been greatly improved in value by the railway passing near the property was to be forced into the market. That land would pass into the hands of speculators, and probably not 5 per cent., nor even 1 per cent., would be purchased for legitimate settlement. There was undue haste in rushing this land into the market. In 10 or 20 years the land might be required for settlement, and it would then be very valuable. Syndicates had put pressure on the Government to sell it, and some of the Ministers themselves were great land owners. Land had lately been cleared by the unemployed on the private property of Ministers and their supporters. The Government stated that the owners gave the portion necessary for roads, but these roads were necessary because the land was to be cut up into small allotments. It was a disgrace to spend the money in this manner. Large sales of land were distinctly contrary to the law now in existence, which was intended to effectually put a stop to them. The limitation was intended to apply to £200,000 as the extreme being received in one year ; but this year the Govern ment had raised the amount to £376,000, and the whole cf the pro ceeds were to be used to carry on the ordinary work of the Government. The State could afford to wait better than the directors of land syndicates, but this would not suit the balance sheet that was to bs presented to the House. If the directors of a private company were to do as the Govern, ment were doing, they would be charged with fraud. In previous administrations, Sir Henry Parkes had followed the same practice, but this kind of thing should be stopped." The attempts made by Sir. Henry Parkes to clear the Government of suspicion in these matters have utterly failed, and it is well that the subject has been ventilated: for, while it will increase the vigilance of the public, it may have the effect of making the Government more careful during the remaining portion of their term of office. To hand is a copy of a pamphlet concern ing " the now historical shearers' riotB at Brookong, Urana, N.S.W." It contains full reports o! '.he disturbances at Brookong and proceedings connected there with, the investigation at the Urana Police Court; the trial of the accused at the Supreme Court, Wagga, and the verdict; the meeting convened by the Mayor, and held in the Town Hall, Wagga ; ediiorial and other comments j report of the fire at Boram bola, etc; and a lecture by Mr. W. G. Spence, President of the Shearers' Union of Australasia. In fact, the pamphlet gives a full and complete history of the whole of the proceedings connected with the Brookong affair, together with Press comments, the whole being introduced in the usual form. Copies may be obtaioed from the officers of the Union, and at the Advertiser Office. AT the Police Court on Tuesday John Purdie and Wm Galvin were dealt with for drunkenness, a tine of 10a , with, the usual alternative, being imposed in each case. There were no other case?. Yesterday the business was almost equally light. Chas Farnham pleaded guilty to having been druuk in Fitzmaurice-street on the 13th. and was discharged with a caution ; and Ellen May Corbett was fiue'l £1, or a week's gaol, for being druuk and disorderly in Fitzmaurice street, and ordered to pay the amount of damage to two quart pots to which she had devoted somo attention while " under the influence. " The Police Magistrate presided both days. THE programme of the Yerong Race Club's fifth Spring Meeting will be found in our advertising columns, and horseownera are reminded that entries for all the races except the final flutter must be sett in to either the secretary of the Y.R.C. or M.T.C. before ,4 p.m. on Tuesday next, the 20th November. A NOTIFICATION appears in the Govern ment Oazetle cf Tuesday last, appointing Wednesday next the 21st mst. a public holi day in Wagga, the occasion being the first day of the M.T.C. Spring Meeting. WH learn that at a meeting of the M..T.C., Mr. R J. Mitchell was elected a member of the Committee. A MATCH having been arranged between the Wagga and Mechanics cricket teams on Saturday next, the Wagga team will be chosen trom the following, and they arc ri quested to attend practice during the week ;-A. Faulice, A. Battcrnby, Wood, Cameron, Jenkins, Kntter, Longfield, Davis, Consterdine, O'Byrne, Hayes, Clark, Mitchel more, J. B, Wood, M'Kenzie, Parker, and W. Tompsou. AOAIX thoso owuera who intend to enter their horaea for the various events to be ruu for at Coolamon on the 4th December next, are reminded that the nominations for Hurdle Race, Coolamon Turf Club and Members' Handicaps must be in the hands of the secretary-Mr. 15. A. Stinson-not later than 6 p.in to morrow (Friday). Nominations for the Maiden Plate and Sell ing Race will lio received up to 8 p.m. on Thursday, the 29th inst. A MEETING of the committee of the Wagga Rifle Club was held at Browe's Freemasons' Hotel, on Tuesday evening last. Present : Messrs, H, B. Jeif.rson (in the chnir). C. Bruce, T. C. Heath, li. Barry, and tt\ J. Daley, hon sec. The minutes of the previous meeting having being read and confirmed, Mr. T. Cox was electod a member of the Club. On the motion of Mr. Daley, seconded by Mr. Heath, Mr. J. JI'Kensey was elected as a member of the Club ; and on the motion of Mr. Heath, seconded by Mr. Barry, the resignation of Mr. R. H. llunter was ac cepted, ,iUr. Hurry proposed, JI.v, Heath seconded that the third competition of the Browc Cup Mutch, be the saint*, us the last, and that the bhooting take place on Saturday next, No"em: er 17tb, to commence at 2 30 carried. On the motion of Mr. Bairj, seconded by Mr. Heath, it wa9 rewired that in future competitions any competitor not being present before the last section com mences firing at the first range, shall not be eligible to shoot. TENDER# are invited by Mr Geo. Sheppard, by advertisement, from builders for the erection and completion of a brick building for Mr. G P. Wilson, Big Springs, Tenders will be received tlil the 5th December. THE privileges in connection with the Spring Meeting of the Murrumhidgee Turf Club, to be held on November 21 and 23, were sold at the Australian Hotel, Wagga, on Saturday )>y Mr. A T. Ronton, on behalf of Mr. C. H. Croaker. The following prices were realised :-Gate*, purchaser, Mr. J. Naeh. £170; Grand Stand Booth, Mr. IS. Spring, £'53; Derby Booth (2), Mr. J. Hehir, £60; Derby Stand, Mr. J. Fajian, £15. The gates and boo'.h for the Yerong Creek Racing Club's meeting were aleo submitted to auction, nud realised as follows .-Booths, Mr. IS Spring, purchaser, £21 ; gates, Mr. W Burgees, purchaser, £21. THE Hon. Secretaries of the United Friendly Societies' Gala anucunce through our columus that the nominations for the various events, to be competed for on New Year's Day, close on Saturday the 24th No* vember next. CARPENTERS are invited, through our busiuess columns, to tender for the erection of a galvauised-iron fence, gates, &c.; for the Wesleyan Parsonage. Teuders may be sent ; in up to the 21st inat. IT i3 notified through our business columns that a grand bazaar will be opened in the Oddfellows1 Hall on Monday evening next, and will continue on each succeeding night cf the race week. The bazaar is for the purpose of augmenting the funds of St Michael's Church ; and, as there are sure to be the choicest and best of everything for disposal, the public will assuredly patronise it, seeing also that the monies raised are to be devoted to so good an object. THE Council Clerk calls for tenders, by advertisement, from persons willing to con struct a brick drain in Little Gurwood-street. Particulars may be had from the Bnrough Surveyor, and tenders, with 10 per cent, deposit, must be sent in not Kter thau noon on Wednesday, the 27th inst, AN important sale of racehorses was held at Newmarket, (Vic.), by Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co., on Monday. The leading attractions were Tradition, who ran second for the Cnulfield and Melbourne cups, and the New Zealand three-year- old Car«ane, who playudso prominent a part at the late V.R.C. Spring Meeting. Tradition was sold to Mr. P. Hey wood (on behalf of Mr. Cockcroft) for 3050 guineas : while Mr H. Kyan secured the Musket colt for 3000 guineas It is said that these prices have on ly once been exceeded in Australia, namely, when Mr. Hurtle Fisher's celebrated Fishook was sold for 3500 guineas. MESSRS. Thompson, and Giles, Denison House. Sydney. The customers of this old established firm will be pleased to hear that they have appointed Mr. Pascoe their representative for the Wapga district. Sample room, Gurwood-street, next Dr, Druitfc's.- Aov. 