vi; The train stopped, as usual, at Gravesend. Priscilla had been at work late in the night -Bhe was tired and thirsty. I left the " carriage to get her some soda-water. The stupid girl in the refreshment room failed to pull the cork out of the bottle, and refused to let me help her. She took a corkscrew, and used it crookedly. I lost all patience, and snatched the bottle out of her hand. Just as I drew the cork, the bell rang on the platform. I only wTaited to pour the sodawater into a glass-but the train was moving aB I left the refresh- ment room. The porters stopped me when I tried to jump on to the step of the car- riage. I was left behind. As soon as I had recovered my temper, I telegraphed to Higham, asking Priscilla either to wait for me, or to leave me instruc- tions for following her to the village, when I arrived by the next train. We had reached Gravesend at five minutes past one. By good luck, the next train was due at forty-four minutes past one, and arrived at Higham (the next station) ten minutes afterwards. If I had attempted to walk the distance between the two places, I should have lost time inßtead of saving it. The interval before me was not very long ; I occupied it in looking over the town. Speaking with all due respect to the inhabitantSj^Gravesend (to other people) is a dull place. I went up- one street and down another-and stopped to look at a shop which struck me ; not from anything in itself, but because it was the only shop in the street with the shutters closed. A bill was posted on the shutters, announcing that the place was to let. The out-going tradesman's name and business, announced in the customary painted letters, ran thus:-James Wy comb, Cutler, ¿fe. For the first time it occurred to me, that in distributing our photographs of the knife we had none of us remembered that a cer- tain proportion of cutlers might be placed, by circumstances, out of our reach-either by retiring from business or by becoming bankrupt. I always carried a copy of the photograph about me ; and I thought to myself, ' Here is the ghost of a chance of tracing the knife to Mr. Deluc ! ' The shop door was opened, after I had twice rung the bell, by an old man, very dirty and very deaf. He said, ' You had better go upstairs, and speak to Mr. Scorrier-at the top of the house.' At the top of the house I found Mr. Scorrier, engaged in engraving a brass door- plate. He was a middle-aged man, with a cadaverous face and dull dim eyes. After the necessary apologies, I produced my photograph. ' May I ask, sir, if you know anything of the inscription on that knife,' I said. . He took his magnifying glass to look at 1 This is curious,' he remarked quietly. - * I remember the queer name- Zebedee. Yes, sir ; I did the engraving, as far as. it goes. I wonder what prevented me from finishing it? ' The name of Zebedee, and the unfinished inscription on the knife, had appeared in every English newspaper. He took the matter so coolly, that I was doubtful how to interpret the answer. Was it possible that he had not seen the account of the murder ? Or was he an accomplice with prodigious powers of self-control ? ' Excuse me,' I said, ' do you read the newspapers ? ' ' Never ! My eyesight is failing me.' I abstain from reading in the interests of my occupation.' ' Have you not heard the name of Zebedee mentioned, particularly by people who do read the newspapers ? ' ' Very likely ; but I didn't attend to it. When the day's work is done, I take my walk. Then I have my supper, my drop of grog, and my pipe. Then I go to bed. A dull existence you think, I dare say ! I had a miserable life, sir, when I was young. A bare subsistence, and rest, before the last Çerfect rest in the grave-that is all I want, 'he wrorld has gone by me long ago. So much the better.' The »poor man spoke honestly. I was ashamed of having doubted him. I returned to the subject of the knife. ' Do you, know where it was purchased, and by whom ? ' I asked. ' My memory is bad,' he said ; ' but I have got something that helps it. I think I can tell you.' He took from a cupboard a dirty old scrap-book. Strips of paper, with writing on them, were pasted on the pages, as well as I could see. He turned to an index, or table of contents, and opened a page. Something like animation suddenly showed itself on his cadaverous face. ' Ha ! now I remember,' he said. ' The knife was bought of my late brother-in- law, in the shop downstairs. And, oh Lord, what an alarming person burst into this very ' room, and snatched it away from me, when I was only half way through the inscrip- tion ! ' I felt that I was now close on discovery. ' May I see what it is that has assisted your memory ? ' I said. ' Oh, yes. You must knowT, sir, I live by engraving inscriptions and addresses, and I paste in this book the manuscript instruc- tions which I receive, with marks of my own on the margin. For one thing, they serve as a reference to new customers. And for another thing, they do certainly help my memory.' He turned the book towards me, and pointed to a slip of paper, winch occupied the lower half of a page. I read the complete inscription, intended for the knife that killed Zebedee, written as f 0II0W8 : ' To John Zebedee. From Priscilla Varley.' . ? 