' No. 83 : " , ,t ST GEORGE'S HALL, This Evening (Saturday), November ' 28th. 1863. CHRISTMAS IN OLD ENGLAND ME. EDGAR RAY Has the honor to announce that he will deliver, at St. George's Hall, at 8 o'clock this evening, the above elegant entertainment, in the pre- paration ot wnicn cne nignest artistic talent has been engaged for the last six months- The Diorama comprises a series of large and expressive illus trations of the Christmas Season and the Christmas Festival, drawn from both the mediuval and modern times, and exhibiting the most picturesque features of this national holiday in the Old English Mansion, the Manor House, the Village Church, the City of London, tkeRustio Grange, and the Contemporary Drawing Room — thus reviving agreeable recollections- in the minds of those who are natives of the Mother Country, and fami liarizing Young Australia with those aoenes and incidents which bestow suoh a charm upon tne celebration of CHRISTMAS IN OLD ENGLAND. Each " changing scene of many- colored life" will be accompanied with appropriate description, and inter- , spersed with illustrative, musio, combining to form an entertainment seasonable in its character, national and patriotio in Bpirit, and instructive amusing, graphic and reminiscent. The following is a synoptical sketch of the Diorama : — The Brop Scene Painted by N. Chevalier. The Tableaux by V. J. Greig, assisted by N. ... Chevalier. John Hennings. G. H. Appleton.J. Willis, and H. Frejberger. The Incidental Musio Selected and Arranged by Jos. Parker. . Lecturer .., .. Mr. Edgar Ray No, 1,. Old Father Christmte, accompanied by " TroopB of Friends." „ 2. Gathering the Mistletoe on a Bleak Deo«mber Day. 3\. . Caral Singers ir Oonntry Village 'XmnsEve. \- „ 4, Bringing Home the Yole Log to the Aaron's Hall. „ 15. The London Waits, " Past Twelve ,. ., o'obek end a Frost- Night" „ 6'. The Pororgli Market'on 'Xmes Eve.' . ,. 7. Routing an Ox cn the Thames a.d. 171#.! 8\. Skating 6n the Serpentine— present' time,'" - „ i. Snow-bftlUng in the Village o" Bi-llock \- Smithy. „ 10. Arrival of tld Father Xmae. ' „ 11. Tte Oh' istmas Tree. „ 12. Dist ibution of the 'XmasDoleby the Lord of the Manor. ' „ 13. Chiistmas Morning in a Country Chnrch. „ 14. Regaling the Tenants in the Baronial Hall. . „ 16. The Stately Hos(italities above the DMp. No. II . Gran -"mama's Ghost Story on an '. , "Eerie" Night. „ 17. Bnstlo Manners in tho Kitohen of Farmir Giles. ,. 18. Inapdragon in a Very Cheerful Llpht, „ 19. Sir Roger du Coverley. as Danoed by Ferziwigg. „ 20. Apotheosis or Father Christmas in the Pantomime. Scale of Frioes at the'- following moderate , rates-S,tall8 (re orv.'d), '3s.- Stalls, 2s.; "_,7 ... Gallery, Is. _ 