BEN-HtJR ; OB, THUS DAYS OF THE MESSIAH^ BxLEW. WALLACE. BOOK SIXTH. Chaster rv.— ATbiaiof Love. It was dark whetwnrting with the drover inside the gate, Ben-Hnr turned into a narrow lane leading to the south, A few of the peopla whom he met aaluted him. The bouldering of the pavement was rough. The houses on botbf - sides were low, dark, and cheerless;, the doors - all closed: from the roofs, occasionally, heheard women crooning to children. The loneliness of ? his aituation, the night, the uncertainty doafcing the object of bis. coming, all affected nun ebeer le&Bly.; With feelings sinking lower and losreq* known as the Pooltrf Betbesda, in which, tha water reflected the overpending sky. Booking ?- np he beheld the northern wall of the Towwrof Antonia, a black frowning neap reared into the dim steel-grey sky. He halted as if chal lenged by a threatening sentinel. XbeTower stood up «o high, and seemed so T»Bt, resting apparently npon foundations -aa Bare, that he was constrained to acknowiedga its strength, U bis mother were then in living burial, what could he do for hex? By tha strong hand, nothing. An army might beat the stony face with bsllista and ram, and ba laughed at. Against him alone the gigantici . ecuth-east turret looked down in£the Mtfooa tainnJSnt of a hill. And he thought canning is so ea?Uy baffled j and God, always the lasfe resort of the' helpless— God is sometimes so slow to act! ??.:??:? Is dembt and Misgiving he tamed -into tha street in front of tin Tower, and followed it slowly on to the west. Over in Bezetha he knew tbere wasja khan, where it was his intention to seek lodging whpa in the city ; but just now he could ^wt resist; the impulse to go home. His buat drtfsr bin* that way. The old formal salutation which, he «eoeure-l from the few people who passed him had novae sounded bo pleasantly. Presently, -U &e; eastern sky began to sever and anise, jwa «»-- jttfe before ifcvirible intha we*-«fcgr«w tell towen on Mount Zion-HB«t*igi8d irour* shadowy depth, and put on aj ontwj dwtaart bcbs. floating, as it were, abewrthe yAwmng UwiBeBBOi^VaTIey below, very cMtle»iq fbeftir, 1Q^ Of tboBe^Ao-ro»d thia pago aomo them wffl fm to ifiraae bit feelings, without premjrtiDff. They are iracfi as had lianpy tomes in their youth, no matter hssrfar teat may have been ^ tack in tima— -homes which ate now the t ' gtattiog-^coita of aU ceoolleotioQ ; |»«y*iaj« from which they west forth in teas, and which they would now return to, if they could, S8 little children ; places of laughter anc tinginjr, andassocia&ras; dfearar than any or all tbe tiiamphs of after-life. At the gate on the north aide of the old fcouse Ben- Hnr stopped. In the corners the ? wax used in tbe eeafing^ap was stiU plainly BeeD, and acrosB tha valves was the board with ~the iDBoripSifjn— ' This is the Pbohebtt of THE BSfPEROE.' Nobody had goae inor oat of the gate crinoe the dreadful day of the separation. Should he knock as of old ? It was useless, he knew ; yet he could not resist the temptation. Amrah might hear, and look ont of one of Jhe windows on that eide. Taking a stone he mounted.the t broad etone step and tapped three times. A dull echo replied. He tried again, louder than before : and again, pausing each time fee listen. Tbe silence was mocking. Retiring into the street he watehed tie windows ; but they, too, were lifeless. The parapet on the roof was de fined sharply against tire brightening sky; nothing could have stirred upon it unseen by Jjim, and unthing did stir. .From the north side he passed to the west, whets there were four windows which be ' ' - watched long and anxiously , but with as little effect.. At tunes hjs heart swelled with impo tent wishes; J* others he trembled at the deceptions of ids own fancy. Amrah made no sign— not even a ghost stirred. Silently, then he stole round to the south. . There, too, the pate was sealed and inscribed. The mellow splendor of the August moon ponricg over the crest of Olivet, since termed the Mount of Offence, brought the lettering boldly ont; and: he read, and was filled with rage. All he could do was to wrenoh the board from its nailing, and hurl it into the ditch. Then he sat upon tbe step and prayed for the New King, and that His coming might be hastened. As his blood cooled, insensibly be yielded to the fatigue of long travel in the summer heat, and sank down lower, and at * last slept. About that time two women came down the street from the direction of the Tower of Antonia, approaching the palace of the Hura. They advanced stealthily, with timid stsps, pausing often to listen.. At tbe corner of the ' xcKged pile one said to the other in a low voice ? 'This is it. Tirzah.' *'* And Tirzah, after a look, caught her mother's hand and leaned upon her heavily, sobbing, but silent. ?'Let tib go - on, my child, because' — the jr other JiesLtatedjand trembled : then, with an effort to be calm, continued — 'because' when rooming comes they, will put us ont of the gate of the city to— return no more.' Tirzah sank almost to the stones. 'Ah, yes'!' ehe said between sobs; 'Ifor- . - get. I had the feeling; o£ going home. Bat we are lepers, and bave.no homes j we belong tetfcedeiSr The mother stooped and fafeeffher tenderly, sayingi ~We baveaiotliing to fear. Let us go on.' ' . ? '*? ,...'?? Indeed,. lifting; their empty -bands, they could have run upon a legion Jtb&put; it to flight. : - .:;..* i And, 'crespinp in dose to theiouTh wall, they glided on, like two ghosts, &1 they came to the gate, before which they also pause j. Seeing the board, they stepped upon the stone is the scarce cold tracks' of Ben:Hur, and read tbe Inscription— 'Thin is the froper ty of the Emperor.' Then the mother clasped her hands, and, vn& upraised eyes, moaned in unutterable asguieh. - wr 'What now, mother? You scare me !' And the answer was, presently, ''Oh, Tirzah, the poor are dead ! hem dead i* - 'Who, mother?' 'Your Brother! They took everything from him— everything— even this house !' ' Poor!' said Tirzah vacanfly. ' He will never be able to help us.' 'And then, mother?' 'To-morrow— to-morrow, my child, we must . find a seat by the wayside, and beg ahns as tiie ^ lepers do ; beg, or ? ' lirzah leaned upon hex again, and said Whispering, 'Let us die!' ** No !' the mother said -firmly. 'The Lord has appointed our times, and we are believers in the Xioid. . We' will wait on Him even in this. 'Comeatway!' \- She caught Tfrzah's hand as she «pnk«, and hastened to the west corner of the house, keeping close to the waQ. So one being in eight there they kept' on to the next corner, and shrank from the moonQgtit, vhioh lay exceedingly bright over tbe whole south front, and along a part of the . stzeet. The mother's will was strong. Casting one look back and up to ihe windows on the west side she stepped out into -die light, drawing Tirzah after her ; and tneextent at their affliction -iras then to be *-_ seen— on their ups and cheeks, in their bleared ejee, in their cracked Jiands; especially in the long, snaky locks, like thea eyebrows, «nastly white. Nor was it possible to have told which we mother, winch1 -daughter; both alike feemedwitch^ikeold. 'Hist!' said the mother. 'There is some one lying upon the step— a man. Letua go found him.' .' T&ey; crossed to the 'opposite side ofthe street quickly, and in the shade there, moved en till before tbe gate, where they stopped, 'He is adeefi, Tirzah !' The man was very stilL '* Sfiay ten, and X will try fhe gate.' To easing, . -the mother stole noiselessly across, and ventured -to touch the wicket ; she sever knew if it yielded, for that moment the man tigbed, and, turning restlessly, shifted thn hnnfUrfoytiicf mj hia rmmi m Jqrffn -manual* that the J^oe was left, upturned and fair in the fcroad moonlight. She looked down at it and started-;' and lien looked again, stooping a little, and arose and ciasped' her hands and ikfeed her'eyeB to heaven In mute appeal. An instant so, and she cam fiatkto Tiraafe. 'As the Lord liveth, the man is my awa— thy brottrerl' she said in an awe-inspiring ? -wniepeB. ? ? . . . , - . 'My brother !-Jiaiflhr = The mofthfir-caugat her aaad eagerly, 'Gome!' she said ixu&B; same enforced whisper, 'let us look at him together— once more — only once — then help Thou Thy ser vants, Lord F' TbeycroBfied the street band in hand ghostly quick, ghostly-still. When their shadows fell upon iim, they stopped. One of bts hands *- was lying out upon the step palm up. Tirzah fell upon her knees and would have kissed it ; frat the mother drew her back. ' Not for thy life, not for thy life IXTnclean, unclean !' ahe whispered. . Tirzah fhrank from him as -if he were the leprous one. Ben-Hnr was handsome as the manly are. Bis cheeks and forehead -were swax&y; from '* exposure to the desert sun and air; jet under the light moustache the lips were red and the teeth shone white, and the soft beard did. not iide the full roundness of chin and throat. How beautiful be appeared to the mother's «yeB ! How mightily die yearned to put her Arms about him and take bus head upon her ?~ bosom Mid kiss him, as had been nor wont in Mb happy childhood'! Where got she the ^Btrengttito resist the impulse ? From her love, O reader !— her mother-love, which, if thou crilt observe well, hath this nnlikenesB to any other lore; tender to the object, it can be in irately tyrannical to itself, and thence aU its power of self -sacrifice. Not for restoration to Lealtta and fortune, not for any blessing of life, not for life itself, would she have left her leprone Mbb upon tuH cheek J Yet touch- him she must? in thatr inBtant ot finding him she must renounce him for ever! How bitter, bitter hard it was, let some other mother say. She knelt down, and, crawling to bis feet, touched the sole of one of his sandals with her lips, yellow though it was with the dost of the street— and touched it again and again; and iier very soul was in the kisses. fie stirred, and tossed his head. They moved hfw^Tj -but ftiyrf -fi™ mutter in hig dieam — 'Mother ! Amrah ! Where is— r— ' He fell eff into the deep sleep. ? Tirzah stared' wistfully. The mother put ber face in tiie- dnst, struggling- to suppress a sob eo deep and strong it seemed her heart was bursting1. -Almost she wished he might waken.. ??-.-.- He bad asked forner; she wasnot forgotten; in his sleep be was thinking of net. Was It not enough? _ Ereeently the mother beckoned to Tinsh, and they arose, and taking one more look, as if to print his image past fading, band in land they reerosnd flie street. Back in the shade of the wall there they retired and knelt, Ixwk ing at him, waiting for him to wake— waiting tome revelation; Siey knew not what. No body has jet given us a meaBure fox tie patience of a love like.tteirs. By and by, J£b sleep befog yet upon him, another woman appeared at the corner of the paiaee, The two- in- theehadesawber plainly in tile Ught; » BmaB figuee, much bent dark sknaed, gisy-HabBd, dressed neatly In uer vant^ garb, and carrying a basket foil of vegetebleB. ^t sMitof , ihB man anon the step the new ^_ comer stopped ;taea,aB,if decided, she-walked ~~ on— vary iightiy as she drew '— r the sleeper PaBringJround [ hun Aewent to ae^gat^did tbe wicket latch easily to one side, and put bet hand in the opening. One of the broad boards in tbe left valve swung ajar without uoiee. She put the 'basftfetrtBrough, and' was Bfeout to &&0W wiesi ySaJSjog- to durioaUy, &e; lingered, tp- nave; one lookrat the stoanger whoee face sas below iier in open view. Tne ^r^eclatbr»aci!O«s the *tBeet neaiid Alow exsIamBlaonvs&dsaw; the xrauumixubler eyes msif -to- T^new tbeirpower, bend closer' dotnt Jdaep to Eaad^- :- jgaaf wgMiy &3-mQ loot at 'Hie «leepeii.8tit-op oad xane iife tiutlyuig' haodi »na MBBaf. iandfy^fiiat which fhey wis&ai; . so aitttSTy to do4 but dared not. Awakened by the action, Bea-Hur instinc tivelyjwtthdrBwthehawi ; ashedid so, his eyes met tns woman's. *' Amraa I O Amrah, is it thou ?' he said, The good heart made no answer in words, but felLupon his neck, crying for joy., . Gently be put her arms away, and lifting the dark face wet with tears, kissed it, his joy only, a little lesB than hers. Then those across the way heard him. say — ** Mother— Tirzah— O Amrah, tell me of them ! Speak, speak, I pray thee !' Amrah only cried afresh, ??Thou bast seen them, Amrah. Thou knowest where they are ; tell me they are at home.' Tirzah moved, but the mother, divining her porpoee, caqght her and whispered, 'Do not go — not for life. Unclean, unclean !' Her love was in tyrannical mood. Though both their hearts broke, he should not become what they were ; and she conquered. Meantime Amrah, so entreated, only wept tbe more. 'Wertthongoinir in?' he asked presently, seeing the board swung back. ' Oome then ; I will go with thee.' He arose as he spoke. ' The Komans — be the curee of the Lord upon them !— the Romans lied. The house is mine. Bise, Amrah, and let us go in.' A moment and they were gone, leaving the two in tbe shade to behold the gate staring blankly at them— the gate which they might not ever enter more. They nestled together in tbe dust. They bad done their duty. Their love was proven. Next morning they were found and driven out the city with stones. ' Begone I Ye are of the dead : go to the dead !' With the doom ringing in their ears they went forth. Chaptks V.— Ameah's Fidelity. Nowadays travellers in the Holy Land look ing for tbe famous place with the beautiful ? name, the King's Garden, descend the bed of the Cedron or the curve of Gihon and Hinnom as far as the old well En-rogel, take a drink of tbe sweet living water, and stop, having reached tie limit of the interesting in that direction. They look at the great stones with which the well is Earned, ask its depth, smile at the primitive mode of drawing the purling treasure, and waste some pity on the ragged wretch who presides over it ; then facing about they are enraptured with the Mounts Moriah a&d; Zion, bom of which slope towards them from the north, one terminating in Ophel, the other in what used to be tie site of the city of David. In the background, up far in the sky, the garniture of the sacred places is vibible ; here the Haram, with its graceful dome; yonder tbe stalwart remains of Hipsisus, de fiant even in ruins. When that view has been enjoyed, and. is sufficiently impressed upon the memory, the travellers glance at tha Mount of (\ffmivi ristTifWrifrtTi mggori Rtai-njinaaa at their right hand, and then at the Hill of Evil Counsel over on the left, in which, if they be well np in Scriptural history and is the traditions rabbinical and monkish, they will find a certain interest not to be overcome -by superstitions horror. It were long to tell all the points Of interest grouped around that hill ; for the present pur poses, enough that its feet' are planted in the writable orthodox hell of.lhei moderns— tbe hell* of brimstone and fire— 'in- the old nomen clature, Gehenna ; ani that now, as in the days of Christ, its bluff face opposite, the city on the south and south-east is Beamed and pitted with tombs which have been im memorially the dwelling-places of lepers, not singly, but collectively. There they set up their government and established their society; there they founded a city and dwelt by them selves, avoided as the accursed of God. The second morning after the incidents of the preceding chapter Amrah drew near the well En-rogel, and seated her self upon a stone. One familiar with Jerusalem looking at her would .have said she was the favorite servant of some well-to-do family. She brought with her a water jar and a basket, the - contents of the latter covered with'a snow white, napkin. Placing them on the ground at her side, she loosened the shawl which fell from her.iiead, knit her fingers together in her l^g, and gazed demurely up to. where the hilt drops steeply down into Aceldama and the Potter's Field. It was very early, and she was the first to arrive at the welL. Soon, however, a man came bringing a rope and a leathern bucket. Saluting the little- dark- faced woman, he undid the rope, fixed- it to the bucket, and waited customers. - Others who chose to do so might draw water. for themselves; be was a professional in the business, .and would fill the largest jar the stoutest woman could carry for Amrah eat .still and had nothing to say. Seeing the jar, the man asfeed after a while if she wished it 'fiiled'; £he answered him civilly, ?!Notnowi'.'whBrenj)onia gave her no more attention. When the .dawn, was fairly defined sfeier Otivetfek patrons began to arrive, and he bad all he eouttf-do to attend to them. AH the time she kept her seat, looking intently npat the nilL ? -?-???' ? The gun made ifat appearance, -yet oho eat watching and waiting? and while :sha thus waits let us see what her purpose is. . . ; -Her custom had been to go tomarfcst after nightfall. Stealing-out unobserved, she would eetk the shops inJUie Ts^opoeoo, or those over by £be Fish Gate in the east, make her pur chases of meat and vegetables, and return and Bhntheaelfupagain. - - r The pleasure. sUe derived from the presence of Ben- Httr hi the old house once more may be imagined. Shtsnad'nothingto tell him oE her mistiese or Tueaih— nothing. He would- have had her move to a place soft so lonesome; she refused. Sbe would' have' bad him take .his own room again.1 which was just as he had teffcit,'..bnt the danger of -discovery was too gre&V; and he wished above all things to avoid enquiry. . He would come and see her as often as possible. Coming in the night, he would also go away in the night She was compelled . to be satisfied, and. at once occupied herself -eontrmng' ways to make him happy. Tnat he was a man-now- did not occur to her.; nor did it enter her mind that he might have put by or lost his boyish tastes j to please him, she thought to go on her old round of services. He used to be fond of oonf actions ; : she remembered the things in that line which delighted Mm most, and resolved to make them, and have a supply alwajs ready when he came. Gould anything be happier? So next night, earlier that usual, she stole out with her basket, and went over to the Fish Gate Market. Wander ing about, seeking the best honey, she chanced to hear a man telling a story. What the story was the reader era arrive at with sufficient certainty when told that tbe narrator was one of the men who had held torches for the commandant of the Tower of Antonia when, down in cell VI., the Hun were found. The particulars of the finding were all told, and she heard them, with the names of the prisoners, and the widow's ac count of herself; The feelings with which Amrah listened to recital were such as became the devoted the creature she was. She made her purchases, , and returned borne in a dream. What a ', happiness she had in store for her boy ! She had found Mb mother ! She put the basket away — now laughing, now crying. Suddenly she stopped and thought. It would kill him to be told that his mother and Tireah were lepers. He would go through the awful city over on the Hill of Evil OouBael— into each infected tomb he would - go without rest, askiog for them, and the dieeaee would catch him and their fate would -be bis. Sbe wrung her hands. What should she do? _ Like many a one before her, and many a one eince, she derived inspiration, if not wisdom, ftomier affection, and came to a singular con clusion. The lepers, she knew, were accustomed of motnings to come down from their sepulchral abodes in the hill, and take a supply of water for file day from the well En- rogel. Bringing their jars they would set them on the ground and wait, standing 8 -^r until they were filled. To tbat the ndstreen RndTiczah must come, for the law was inexorable, and admitted no distinction. A rich leper was no better than a poor one. So Amrah decided not to speak to Ben-Hur of the story she had heard, but go alone to the well and wait. Hunger and thirst would drive the unfortunates thither, and she believed she could recognise them at sight; if not, they might recognise her. Meantime Ben-Hur came, and they talked much. Tomorrow Malluch would arrive, then the search should be immediately begun. He was impatient to be about it. To amuse him self he would viBit the sacred places in the vicinity. The secret, we may be Bure, weighed heavily on the woman, but she held her peace. Wben he was gone she busied herself in the preparation' of things good to eat, applying her utmost ekQl to the work. At the approach of day, as signalled by the stars, she fiiled the basket, selected a jar, and took the road to En-rogel, going out by the Fish Gate, which was earliest open, and arriving as we have seen. Shortly after sunrise, when business at the well was most pressing, and tbe drawer- of water moBt hurried; when, in fact, half a dozen buckets were in use at the same time, everybody making haste to get away before the cool ofthe morning melted into the heat of the day, the tenantry of the hill began to appear ana move about the doors of their .tombs. Somewhat later they were discernible in groups, . of which not a few were children so young that they suggested the holiest relation. Numbers came momentarily around the turn of the bluS — women, with jars upon their shoulders, old and very, feeble men nobbling along on sta&s; and crutches. Some leaned upon the shoulders of others; a few — the utterly helpless— lay like heaps iof rags upon litters. Even that oomnHiJtiityipf superlative sorrow had its love light to make life endurable and attractive. Distance softened without entirely veiling the misery 6i the outcasts. (To be continued.) 