:s- DE ADM AlSs JbCK. ... A. Romance bt Q. . BOOIT t THB QUES P. OF TUB GREAT RUBY. ' rOHAPTER VI (Continued) tells how a face looked in at tub window of lantbiq ; and in that hannbtt my faiheb came home to d8 The' most bad siaroeiy b«guh when the door opened and Master Thomas Lnveday Ra'untered into cbo rubm. Master Thomas lioveday, a youth of souie eight summers, was, .in defaulc of a - home of his uwu, quartered permanently npon my node, whose brother's son he was. His early days had been spent in India. After, however, both father and mother bad succumbed to the climate of Madras, he was sent home to England, and had , taken root in .Lizard Town. Hitherto, h<n life had been one long lazy slumber. Whea we were eeut, on' his rare visits to Lantrig, to 'play together,' as old uge always rudely pats it, hit invariable rale had bean to go to Bleep on the first convenient spot. Consequently hie presence embarrassed me not a little, He was a handsome boy, with blue eyes, long lashes, fair nair, ana a gentle nuDit ot speech When I came to know him- better, I learnt the qaick wit and subtle power that lay beneath . his laziness of manner but at present the eoal of Thomas Loveday slept. He was certainly net wide awake when he entered the room. With a sleepy nod at me, and no trace of emprise at my presence, he Sursued his meal. Occasionally, as Aunt r'izabeth pat a I rash question, he would regard her with a long stare, bat otherwise gave no Biga of animation. This finally so exasperated my aunt that Bhe addressed him— ' Thomas, do not stare.' Thomas looked mildly surprised 'or a moment, and then inquired, ' Why not?' ' 'Does the boy thiuk I'm a wild Indian?' The question was addressed to me, bat I oonld not Bay, bo kept a disoteet silence. ThomSB relieved me from ray difficulty by answering! 'No,' thoughtfully. 'Then why etare so? I'm sure I don't know what trave are made of, nowadays.1 'Sings a'ui snails and pappy- dogs' tails,' was the dreamy answer. . ' Thomas, bow dare yon? I should like to catch the person who taught yon such nonsense. I'd teach him 1 ' 'It wa< Uncle Loveday,' remarked the innocent Thomas. There was an awful DBase ; which I broke at length by a-king to be allowed to go. Aunt Elizabeth eaw her way to getting rid of the offender. 'Thomas, you might walk with Jasper over the downs to Lautrig. It will be nice exercise for yon ' ' It may be exeroise, aunt, but ' 'Do not answer me, bat go; Where do yon expect little boys will go to who are alwaysidle?' 1 CIaaa 9 knvnerlarl Tknmfta i 0100(1 i uueuaui.1 A uuuauui, 'Thomas, yon shall learn the whole of Dr. Watts'e poem on the sluggard before yon go to bed this night.' At this the boy slowly rose, took off bis cap, stood before, her, and .solemnly repeated the whole of that melancholy' tale, finishing the last line at the door and gravely bowing hira- Bslf out. I followed, awestruck, and we set out in silence. At first, anxiety for my mother possessed all my thoughts, but presently I ventured to coogratalate Tom on bis performance. 'She hue reed it to me so ofteo,' replied he, ' that I can't help knowing it. I hate Dr. Watts, and I love to go to sleep. I dream suoh jolly things. Sleep is ever so much nicer than being awake, isn't it ? ' I wanted sleep, having had bat little for two nights, and could therefore agree with him. ' You get each jolly adventureB when you dream,' said Tom, reflectively. I bad been ratherearfeited with adventures lately, so held my peace. 1 Now, roal life is so dull. If one oonld only meetwiib adventures-- — ' I caught the sound ot wheels behind ue, and turned round. We had etiuokoff .the downs oil to tno nlgn roan. , A itgnt gig wion one ocoupaat wa, approaching ue. Ae it' drew near the driver hailed us, ' Hallo 1 lade, is this the road for Polkimbra J ' The speaker was a short, grizzled, seafaring man, with a kind face and good humoured mouth. He drove execrably, and paled bis quiet mare right back upon her haunches. I answered that it was, ' Are you bound for there ? Yea? Jump up then. I'll give yon a life.' Hooked at Tom; he, of oonrse, was ready for anythiog that would save trouble, so we clambered ap beside the stranger. \- "Tbcnro-wna- a w»eok-fie(tf« yesterday, : I've beard,' said be, after wb had gone . a few yards, 'and an inquest, and, by the tale I heard, u lot of lies told.' I started. The man did not notice it, but continued — , . ' Maybe you've heard of it. Well, it's a rum. world, end a fine lot of lies gets told every day, 'bat 1 yon doa't often get bo accom plished a liar es that chap— what's hie name? Bleesed if I oan cackle it ; not but what it'e another lie, I'll wager.' I was listening intently. Ha continued more to himself then to as— ' An amazing liar, though I wonder what hiB game was, It beats me, beats my sltogeiber. L'uo Jomea and Blizibetb, says be, as large ae life. 1 take ir the fellow couldu't 'a been fooling who brought the news co Falmouth. Didn't know me from Adam, and was fairly felliw auuuu w uuu us sut uuw a 1 »| m"«| says he, " 'twas tbe James uud Elizabeth tbe chap eaid,;as sure as I etand here." Boy, do you happen to know: the. name of the vetsel that ran ashore here, night afore last? ' I bod grown accustomed to being, asked this dreadful question, and therefore auswered ae bravely aa I could, 'The James and Elizabeth, eir.' ' Captain's name?' 1 Captain Autonius Merrydew.' 1 Ah, poor ohap ! He was lying Biek below when she struck , wasn't he ?.. And he had a wife aboard, aud a child born at Be-, hadn't be? iFell.Biok.in tbe Bay o' Biscay, like any land-lubber, didn't he? Why, 'tis likepiay- uatin1 : damme 1. 'tis better than that.' With this tbe man buret into a ebont of laughter and Blapped his thigh until his faoe grew purple with merriment. . 'What d'ye think of it, boy, for a rare faros ? Was ever the likeB of it beard? Captain Antonins Merrydew Bick in the Buy o' Biscay 1 Ho, ho 1 Where's play-aotin beside it?' Wasn't it true, sir?' - 'True? . God bless the boy I Look ms in the face ; Iook.me in the face, and then ask me if it's' true.' . ' But why should it not be true; sir?' ' Because I am Captain Antonins Morry- dewl' Fur the rest of the jonrney I Bat stunned. Thomas beside me was wide awake and etaring, seeing bis way to an adventure at last. It was I that dreamed— I heard with out comprehension the reBtof the oap'ain'a tele : how be had oome, after a quiok passage from Ceylon to Falmouth with the barque James and Elizabeth, just ia time to hear of this monstrous lie ; .how he was unmarried, sind never had a day a illness in his life ; how, enspeotibg foal play, he bad hired a horse and gig with .a determination to drive over to Polkimbra and learn the troth ; bow a bores and gig were the most cursedly obstinate of created things ; with muoh besides in the way of oaths and ejaculations. AI1 this I must have heard, for memory brought them hack later ; but I did not listen. My life and oir- cumB'ances had get the upper hand of me, and were dancing a devil's riot. At last, after mnch tacking and porting of helm, we navigated Pulkimbra Hill aud cast anchor before the 'Lugger.' There we alighted, thanked the captain, and left him piping all bands to the horse's head. Hie obeery voice followed ne down to the eanda. We had determined to ont aoross Polkimbra Beaoh and ollmbup to Lantrig by Ready- Money ollffa, bm in order to go along the path abo».«Ji0 ollffa we should -have to atoaod Polkimbt Hill again. The b-aofa was BO toll of horror to mo that without a companiun I could not have crossed it ; bat Tom's pre'HSnco lent mo coarage. Tom was nea-nr to excitement than 1 had ever aeen him ; he grow voloble : nraisod the cantaln ndinirod his talk, and declared adventure to be abroad in the air— in fact, threw up his bead as tboagb he Bcented it. Yes, adventure was in the air. It was not exactly to my taste, however, nor did the tboaght of my poor mother si home' make mo more sympathetic with Tom's eostasy ; so whilst he obattered I etrode gloomily! forward over the beoob. The day was drawing towards nooD.- October was revelling in an after-taste of summer, and amded in broad glory over he lofo. and sea. A light bre-zi bore eastward a.fev fl-eoy clouds, and the »av«> danced and mnrnmred before ite breath, Tneir salt eoeut was in oar nostrils, and the glitter of the Bind in our eyes B'ank and sombre in the clear air, Dead Man's R >ok tore in gloomy isolation from the; sea, while the srahirde a wept in gllBtening clrolea round ite Bummit. But what was that at its base? . ' — — — . — - - . j . ' - Seemingly,' a little khot'of men stood at the water's' edge. - As we drew hearer I could distinguish theic forms but not their occu pation, for they stood iu a circle, intent on some objeot in thait midst concealed from our view. Presently, huwdver, they fell into si rough line as -though making lor the arch way to Ready-Money Cove. Something they oarried among them, and continually etoope I over; bus what it was Iooul'l nut sue. Their paco was very «low, but they turned intw'cbe 'arch and were disappearing, when I canght eight of the uaconth little Ggure of Joe Itiixoorla among tbe last, and ran forward, h .ding him oy name. At the auund of my voice Joe started, turned round and made a slow panes ; then; with a few words Co hie neighbour, came quickly towards me. Ae be drew neur, 1 sa« that his face was whits uud his m tuoer 'all of embarrassment ; but he put ou a dmila, aud spoke first — ' Why. Jusper, what he dnin' along here?' 'I'm going home.- Ha- Uncle Loveday seen mother? And is she better ? ' ' Aw isa, he've a seen her uo' she be quieter leaitwsys, he be bound to do her a power o' good. Bat what be goin' back for ? "Hain't no use bocheriu' inU"ora wi' your mother in thioky wiabtetate. Run about an' get some pi -y." W hnf arara «nn rntnrv Anmn Km tl<> DaaL just now, Joe? ' Joe heeita'ed for a while ; stammered, and then said, 'Nuthio.' ' But, Joe, you were doing something; what were you carrying over to Ready-Money Cove?' 1 Look.ee here, my lad, run an' play, ao' doan't ax no questions, "faiu'i for little boys to ax questions. Now I comes to thiuk of it, doctor said as you was to stay over to Lizard T.-wn, 'cos there ain't no need ot a passel of boys in a sick h mse ; so run along baok.' Joe's voice had a curious break in it, and his whole bearing was eo unaccountable that I oil not wonder when Tom quietly said — I ' J oe, .you're telling lies.' Now Joe was, in an ordinary way, the eoul n truth ; eo I looked for an explosion. To my, surprise, however, be took no - notice ol tbe insult, but turned again to me— ' Jasper, lad, riin along back ; do'ee now.' His voice was so fait of entreaty 'that a sudden suspicion took bold of me. 'Joe, is — has anything happened to innther ? ' VNua, to be sure; she'll be gettiu' well fast enough, if bo be as you let her be.' « ' Tneu I'd go and see Uncle Loveday, ana find out if I am really to go back.' I made a motion 'to go, bat he caught me qoickly by the arm. ' Now, Jasper, doan't-'ee go ; ran back, I tell'ee— run back— I tell'ee you must go back/ His' words were .so earnest aud fail of command that I tamed round and faced him. Something in his eyes filled me with sickening fear. ' Joe; what were yon carrying ? No answer. ' Joe, what were yon carrying?' Still no answer ; but an appealing motion of the hand. \- ' Joe, what was it ? ' ft ' Go back ! ' he said, hoarsely. ' Go back I ' f. ' I will not, until I have seen what yon were carrying,' . ' Go baok, boy ; for God's sake go baok ! ' I wrenched myself from his grasp, and ran with aU speed. > Joe and Tom followed me, but fear gave me fieetneee. Behind I coald bear Joe's panting voice, crying, ' Come back ! ' but tbe agony in hie- tone set me runn ing fuBter. 1 flew through tbe archway and saw the Bmall procession half-way across the cove. At my shout they baltfd, paused, and one or two advanced as if to etop me. Bat I dashed through their hands into their midst, and eaw — God io heaven ! What ? The drowned face of my father i Tenderly as women they lifted me from tbe body. Gently and with tear- stained faces, they stood around and tried to comfort me. Reverently, while Joe Roscorla held me in his arms behind, they took up the corpse o( him they had known and.loved so well, and carried it up the cliffs to Lantrig. As .they lifted the laton and bore the body across tbe threshold, .h m11 nf mftnine laaffhtsr echoed throuuh the house to the very roof. And this was my father's ' Welcome Home 1 1 : Nay, not aU; for aa Uncle Loveday started to hie feet, the door bihind biin flew -open, and my. mother, all in white, with very madness in her eyes, rushed to tbe corpBe, knelt, caught the dead ban I, kisBed and fondled the dead face, cooing and softly laaghiug the while, with a tender rupture that 'would have moved hell itself to pity. In thlB manner it was that these two fond lovers met. ..., j : , CHAPTER VII. tells how uncle lovedat hade a 'dis covert ; and what thb tin box oon- :,.:tainkd. . ; i An honr af forwards I was sitting at the bedside of my dying mother. .The shook of that terrible moetiug had brought her under standing—and death; Tor as her mind returned ber life ebbed away. White and placid she lay upon, ber last' bed, and spoke uo word ; but in her eyes could be read her death - warrant, and by me that which was yet more full of anguish, a tender hut ' unfading reproach. This world ie full of misunderstandings, bat seldom is met one so desperate. How could :I tell ber uow ? And how could she ever under stand'? It was all too late. " Too late 1 too late!." the words hannted me there ae the bright son straggled through the drawn blind look in her sweet eyes have haonted me many a day since theD, and would be with me yet, did I not believe ehe knows the truth at laet. There are too many ghosts in my memories tor Heaven to lightly add this one more. She was dying — Blowly and penc folly dying, and this was tho end of her waiting. He bad retnrned at lest, thie hu- band for whose coming she had watched. eo l'mg. He had returned at last, after all his labour, aud bad been laid at her feet a dead man. She was free to go and join her love. To me, child aa I was, this was sorely cruel. Death, ae I know now, ie very merciful even when he. seems most merciless, but as I sit aod watched the dear life Bluwly drift away from from me, it was a hard matter to understand. The pale sunlight came, and fliokered, end went ; but she lay to all seeming unchanged. Her pulse's beat was failing— f»iUr.g ; the broken heart feebly straggling to its rest ; bat her i sad eyes were still the same, appealing; questioning, rebuking— alt without hope of answer or explanation 6 1 were b -y when the sobbing fishermen lifted ber from tbe body, so would they be until closed fur the laBt sleep. It was very cruel. My father's body lay in the room below, with Uncle Loveday and Mr>. Busvargus for watchers. New and ugain my uncle would eteat softly upstairs, and an, softly return with hopelessness npon his face. The olock UUWliavttiiB gttvo itua vuij nuuuu i na »» marked tbe footatepe of the dark, angel coming nearer and nearer. Twice my m- ther'e lips p-ited as if to Bpeak ; but though I bentd n to catch ber words, 1 could hear notoui.d. So, aa I sat and watched her waxen face, ail tbe sweet memories of her came baok in a Bail, reproachful train. Ouos more we Bat together hy the widowed hearth, reading ; onco more we stood upon the rocky edge ot Fedn-gllU and looked into tbe splendours of the summer sunset. ' for.. father's ship;' once more we knelt together in Polkimbra Church, and uraved for, his' safe retnrn ; once more 1 heard that sweet, low voice— once more. Ah, never, never more 1 Uncle Loveday stole into the room on tip.toee, and looked at her ; then tamed and ' Has ebe spoken yet? ' 'No.' He was about to -leave when the lips patted again, and this. time she spoke — ' He ia coming, coming. .Hush 1 that is his step ! ' The dark eyes were ablaze with expecta tion ; the pale cheek aglow with hope. 1 bent down over -the bed, for her voloe.. was-, very ' He is coming, 1 know it L'sten 1 Ob, husband, oome quicker, quicker i ' Alan 1 poor saint, tbe step you li.ten for has gone helore, aud 1b already at the gate of heaven. iluie ka»A 1 OK ItnnhnnH KrsnKnrift VAtl have come for me I ' A moment she sat up with arms out stretched, and glory in her face ; then fell book, and tboarms that canght ber were the arme of God. i After the first pang of bereavement bad spent itself, Uncle Loveday got ine to bed, end there at last I' slept. The very bewilderment, of eo mnch sorrow enforced sleep, and sleep was needed ; so that, worn out with. watching and exoitnment, I had not. so much'as o dream, to trouble me. It was 10 o'clock in the morning when I awoke, and eaw my ancle sitting beside the bed. Another sun was bright' in tbe heavens outside; the whole world looked ao calm and - happy that my first impul.e was to leap ap and run, is was my cuetom, to mother's room. Then my « cs fell on Uncle Loveday, and the whole dreadful tru'h came surging into mr awakened brrin. I sank back with a low inn en upon the pillow. Uncle Loveday, who had been watching me, stepped to tbe bed and took my hand, ' Jasper, boy, are yon better?' Alter a abort straggle with my grief, I- plaaked ap heart to answer that I was. ' Tnat'e a brve boy, I asked, because I have yet to tell you something. 1 am a doctor, you kuow, Jasper, and bo you may rake my word when I say there ia no good in what ia'called " breaking news." Isie always best tu have the pain over and done with ; ot least, that's my exoerienoe, Now, my dear boy, though G>d k"0.ve you have enrrow enough, there is still something to tell ; and if you are the boy I take you for, it is beet to let you know at once.' Dimly wondering what niw blow fortune could deal inn, I sat up in bed aud looked at my uncle helplessly 1 Jasper, you think — do yon not — that your father waB drowned?' ' Of coarse, unole.' ' He was uut drowned.' 'Not drowned 1 ' ' No; Jasper, he was murdered.' Toe wonts oame slowly and solemnly, and even with tho first shock Of surprise tbe whole truth dawned upon m». This, then, exi l'.inod the effect my name had wrought upuu luiaa two strange men. v ins was tne reason why, aa we eat upon Dead Man's Rock, the oyeB of John Kaitcon had relnsed co meet mine ; this was tbe reason why his mnrderer had gripped me eo viciously upon Ready- Money Bench. These few words of my uncle's bexan slowly to piece together the scattered ptizzte of the last twn days, so that I half gue-sed tbe answer as I asked — 'Murdered! How?' ' Ue was stabbed to death.' I knew it, for I rememb-r tbe empty sheath that bung at Rhodojani'e waist, and heard again Railtou'a woids, ' captain, it was your knife.' Ae certainly as if I h«d fitted the weapon to its case, I knew that man had prompted father's murder. Even es I knew it my terror, of him faded away, and a blind and helpless bote sprang np its stead : help less now, but some day to be masterful and worthy of heed. That tbe man who called bimBelf Georgio Rhodujani was guilty of one death, I knew from the witnese of my own eyes ; that he bad two more lives npon his black account— for the hand that struck my father bad also slain my mother— I knew us surely. And thn dovll haw got big duo, my l.ds I No, not yet ; there was still one priceless soul for him to wait for. ' He was stabbed,' repeated Uncle Love day, ' stabbed to the heart, and from behind. I found this blade as I examined your poor fa'her'e body. It was broken off close to the hilt, and left in the wound, which can hardly have bled at all. Death mast have been imraedia'e. It's a strange business, Jasper, and a strange blade by the look of it.' I took tbe blade from his hand. It was . about din. in length, sharp, and curiously worked; one side was quite plain, bat tbe ntViA dro nnvafarl with mfcrir.fLta tracer?, and down the centre, bordered with delicate fruit and flowere, I Bpelt out the legend ' RlCOltDATI.' ' What does that word mean ? ' I asked, as I handed bach the steel My voice was bo I calm and steady that Uncle Loveday glanced I at me for a moment in amazement before ho I answered — ' It's not Latin, Jasper, bat it's like Latin, and I should think must mean 'remember,' or something of the sort. ' ' " Remember," I repeated. ' I will, nncle. As surely as father was murdered, I will remember — wuen the timo cornea.' They were strange words from a boy. My ancle looked at me again, but doubtless thinking my brain turned with grief, said nothing. 'nave yon told anybody?' I asked at length. 'I have Been nobody. There, will.be an inquest, of cotirao, bnt in this case an inquest can do uotbiug. Murderer and murdered huve both gone to their account. By the way, I eupooBe nothing has been seen ot the man who gave evidence. > It was an unlikely talo; and this makes it the more suspicious. diuun my quui i oaiu hi/ uuuiu, duuuouiji tu think it never struck me before 1. Your father was to sail in the Belle Fortune, and this men gave the name of the ship aa the James and Elizabeth.' ' It was the Belie Fortune, and the man told a falsehood.' ' I suppose it must have been.' 1 1 know it was.' ' Know ? How do you know ? ' ' Bnooase the James and Elizabeth iB lying at Fulmouib Harbour, and her captain is down at the 1 " Lugger." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 