[?] t, V.E.0, [?] io)l iiiip w»i but ttiat did not deter him in tho iMttiVy^hoiH identical with J. J. Bent, violin 'Molten Hill Sheffield, and is a iSjLi - Ho ran and difoated a man y ''est, in victoria, a Hhort time baoV. West gavo Morgan a yard and a boating jnst beforehia raoe. with Fftirweathor. Tamworth Oval Trnstoes advertise thoir Beoond Grand Sheffield Handioap of JS100, whioh is to bo run on November 9 and 10 ; distance, 130yd3; entranoo, 5a; accep tance 5s. _ Entries close Ootobov 22 to Mr. V/altor Sidney, Nowoastlo, or tho secretary, Mr. J. T. Flynn, Tamworth. Harry Busholl is gonorally oonsiderod to bo about tho ' ilasheat' runnor who has over appeared on metropolitan grounds. Ho does not, howovor, think sj himself, for on Aliok M'Grory tolling him that he put it on a bit, he went for Mao. and split a couplo of inchcs of that popular runner's faoo, whioh neoos sitatedaoveral atitohes. As soon as M'Grory's wounds heal up ho. will make things a littlo interesting for Buaholl and hij assistant. 'Iho deoond i'ihsroy Huudioap of .£25, run undor S.J.B. Hulos will bo brought off at Uockhampton, Queenalaud, on Soptombor 0. .Nominations (5s; close September 18. Mr. A. F. Collins, tho apiritod promoter, is getting up a. JJ2U0 conaultation in connection with tho ovout, no the journey up will bo worth the trouble to uuy of our pods who may think of going. Hurry Busholl was up to hia old gamo agam on Saturday night. This time JJddy boymour was tho viotiui. Itia Huiliell boasts tUat iie nover startu iu a heat unless he can t ike somebody down. Uo roaohod the ond of hia tether, however, on haturday, as, besides tho committee administering six months' dis qualification, Eddy Seymour got home heavy on his frontispiece, and his ilaetuens u( foo only Bavod liim from much sevoror puniah mout ut tho hands of toveral of his other victiina. . Franoiseo, ou Juna 9, V. E. Sohitt'eistoin coverod 23t't. 2Mu. in a running 1°'= jamp. Tho correspondent of tho ' ilaa iinUan Athlotio Club Cnroaicle ' says he could havo undoubtedly boaton tho Amoricicu record, but I10 wanted to save himself for the lOUycld. ruu, which ho ran third in, after being blocked, in IOjoc. He won hi-i heat in time vuriouBly taUeu aa 9J-iea., 9 4-53eo., 9 4-5aeu., ani lO^oc. Ho must bo'A l( ringer ' for un auiatuur. At tho Manohester Athletio Club Sports, hold on J uly 7 last, X. G. Stowart, of tho Liverpool Gymnisium Harriers, won the Hulf-milo Handioap off tho 5yds mark, C li. LxtoB^e, Al.A.C., from suratch, boing Beaond, and J. 1}. JohnBon, M.A.C., 20yda, third, sixteon otlitr nnm nni i rni-a nl^n nf titev/art »t tho saino meeting also won tho Xtiroo-quartor Mile Raoo, W. Pollock-Hill, Oxford University A.C., being' souoad, and E. W. Parry, Salford Harriers, third, thoro being threo other competitors. On tho 17th and 22ud. of., next month Brokon Hill will bo en fotto, when the biggest prize money given for some timo anywhere in N.S.W. will be aompeted( for in the Broken Hill_ Grand Handioap. Tho first prizo ia ?£12o. a 75-guinoa chronometer, aud a ei vor oup ; second -£50, third .£25, fourth X10, and winners of heats £ 2 each. The distance is 150 yards. EntrieB oloao on September 1 ; aoceptanoes must be made on Soptombar 11. With Buoh a big inducement, tho committso should receive a great entry. Many of our leading peds., aa well aa those of Viotoria and South Auatralii, will probioly nominate. There ia considerable oxcitiimont in pedes trian oirolea ovor this big Ashfield Keoroation Ground Handioap, and when the nominationn oloao, on September 15, 1 fanoy in number it will bo found that the record has boen beaten. The ground is so oonvoniently situated and of suoh a suitable nature that it ought tobeoome intensely popular withpeda. and publio. The tracks havo boon topped off with a pinkish dressing, said to be similar to the Stimford Bridge traoks in London, and Mr. Armitage claims for it that it makeB the miat binding topping and tho fastost traok possible. Several old runners who have tried the patlu express themselves muoh pleased with their springiness Tho Ashfiold Amateur Athletio Club Meet ing, on Septomber 8, promises to be moat suc cessful, and to orowd the beautiful Ashfield Recreation Grounds even moro than was the osbo on tho last oooasion when thia club held a tryst. The new ash-paths will ba used for the first time by tho amateurs, and it will only require fine weather to malro thia gathoring thn frrAAtpflh nnnnnRR nlllVtliaa ntrrn. tirnnnlil; off. The programmo is a most liberal one, and the throwing opan of the milo ovont, so as to allow tho new Harrier Clubs to bo repre santod, waa a graceful act, whioh will no doubt bo rewarded in tlio good field and keen struggle whioh will ensue. Tho club ia luoky iu having suoh d perfeot convincing ground. Tho handioap got un by Mr. Mt-ronoy at Newoastlo, for tho 8th and 10th of next month, promise? to be a big suoooss. The starts mado their apponrance on Monday morning, and, though they bear tho impress of a 'prentioo hand, aro pas-ablo. Samuels is on the mark with 5vda, or thirteen behind the limit. Although lie is not too far away from the greon 'ans who are plaood right np, there nra too many good mon on the middlo marks to givo him a ghost of a chanoo. Fanoy Samuels giving StuddarS and Hob Bailey Syds Btiloy lias a record of 21yds under, and Studdart oven time. So what show has Sarauela ? Joo Price ia nlso badly treated, and it will surprino mo if cither ho or Samuels accept. To piok out thoae who aro thrown in, I will mention R. Bailey. 13 yds j A. J. Studdart, 13yda ; W. Vatos, 17yds: and XV. Smith, 13yds. Tn- a future issue I will go throngh the handioap more fully and try and spot the absoluto. x It is awfully strange the amount of trouble some psoplo will! tako to mislead others. On the 20th of June last M. Morrissey called at this offioe and handed in a note, whioh he wi°hed to have inserted as an advertisement. Now. our advertisement man, being a good-natured young follow. Tefused to tako tho nroffered money for it, telling Morrissey that this paper would only, be too glad to give snoh a straight goer as he a Bhove off for notliiogr. The an nouncement waB aB follows : — 'M.V. Morrissey tho late pedestrian, has given up running, having entered into partnership with Mr. Graham, ooaoh-bnilder, wheelwright, horac shoor, and goneral blacksmith, at Nelson and Collins- Btreets. Annandalo, and wishes to in form hia friends and the public thit all orders, Ao.. &o.;' Whether he intended to throw dust in tho handioappers' oyos by trying to kid them that he was not going to train for a time, I know not ; but tho noxt p°d. who asks us to announoe his retirement will iret it with the aid of the moat-axe whioh is always kept handy iu our sanotum. Mr. E. W. Parry, of tho Salford Harriers, the amateur ohampiou at four and ten milos, did . a smart performance on Saturday, July 17\. Leaving Welshpool at 8 a.m. ho arrived in Manchester at 11 30, and at 2 p m. left Cottonopolis for Greenfield (Yorkshire). There, at tho sports of the Bent6«ld Crioket Club, ho ran in tho Ono-milo Handicap from Riratoli and won easily, covering the distanoo in- the fast timo (for a gras* traok oight laps to the mile) of 4-nin 31 l-5?co., -»xaotly tno samo time that W. Cummings accomplished in hia matoh with W. G. Goorgo tho same afternoon. Leaving Greenfield at 4 p.m., ho journeyed by train to tho Eoolos sports, eighteen miles away, where, arriving a little before C p.ui , ho won, for the Beoond year in suoaesaion, tho Two- milo Inter^olub Steeple chase. Ho thus seoutod in cno afterncon two timepieces and a gold medal. Parry has won no fewer thau than eix amateur championships during the present seaion, viz.. Northern oroas-uonntry championship at Manchester ; National oross-pountry ohampionahip at Slan r'ohestori Ten-mile amateur ohampionship at LCrowo j One-milo Northern championship at ?Widnes; Two-miles Northarn ohampionship ?at Oldham ; and Four-miloa ainatour ohampion ship at Crowe. B. Cummincrs and GoOree ran1; on tho afternoon (of July 14 last ou the St. Microns Football [Olub Ground, Painloy, to oontoud for a milo Iraoe. About throe thousand spectators wero iroaont on tho ground, and tho liveliest in ;erest wasinanifocted in tho rot:ulb. Cummina vas favourite in tho bettinrr at the start, but ater on ovons wero freely offered and taken. I'ho raoe waB timed to start ut halt-past four I'clook, and Bhortly after that, hour the men .ppeared on tho traok. No time was loat in ending them rrn their journey, tho vetaran aking a slight load. In tbo aeoond round his jg appeared to bothor him sadly. For a hort distance ho ran rathtr lamo Ho per overed. however, and thoucrh Gonrso wos ?;adiug in the fourth lap, und all hopos of Bummiugs winning Roemod dissipated, he Hime again in wonderful atylo, oanght Goorgo F.i tho straight, and, after n, most aonsational llnish, broaated tho tape ticst by a oouulo of vards, amid tho most enthusiastic plaudits of pis Bupportors. Time, 4mi i25aec. Tho win ner was oarried Bhouldor hi ;h to the drosaing ?oom. It wa3onthqoarda thatCummings and Georgo would meot again .mdtry oouolusions at Bridge of Allan sports, whioh were to tako plaoo in the early part of thia month of August. Tho Seventeenth Sir Joao.jh Banks Haudi cap fills tho bill for noxt A-cuk, starting on 'Monday and boing oontinu ? I on Tuesday and ^Thursday. Tho prizo ia £2 -0 fjilit up, but on account of the rioh plums which are -0 ba offered later on in tho soaao i, it wonld bo unwlso tossy that more than a flight pereeat agoof the, runners will be triera right out. Tho liandioap is so very open that it would bo a shoe of lnok, to drop on a winner this early, so I will bo content with pioking ont a few who ought to make : things a bit willing. Satnuols* name is the firat on tho list and Frank Howitt'a is the last, the differonoo boing twelve yard3. J. J. Mooro is the firat name that strikes as boing a likoly winner, but it ia oaid that ho is a glutton and wants something big boforo ho goes right through. Tho 1 next namo is E. S. Skinnor, 3t3yds. Most of thaso who saw him perform in the last handioap a re fully satisfied that at tho first time of asking oao of thoao handicaps will bo a Bolt snap for him. Whon that will bo, timo alono will toll. The pluoky Fairvvoat'ier is another that I will atiok u pin in, whilo A. Studdart, A. Robinson, and D. Jackson aro hot oeffjo. But with SKinnor out of tho way, Harry fll'Parra, on 39yda., ought to mako a prooossion of it. G. Gardiner and F. Eyro will be euro to get into tho second round. Next isauo I will givo tho straight grif. 