A|Webf hfrd the tfbive con^satittri tb'bk pljii*; kttd Piimefer Station j»m throwff Jlntd1 tfcte'! Widest confitaltttoy'th$;iii()d6n disappearance Of Mr.^'^l/SLli'wir ttftoru id 'fini liffir hadn,prOtf0d*r'llititfe"1|o 'fir^'WoroV^r,1 nortlfitfgwolild rmdbfcfc'' thfe ^fockji'tp assist us in our search, forbnlj? 'k'Vhtifi lira^ 'hfefort, ebttie o( tttb'ri bkd" 'riSaljed in jhjftf'fbe'bueh deWarSngthey k" had seeta"ttiW"Bdt)yIp'?'" Where, tifwhii kind of a thlhgmiib "BuOyip One ibf theW tttilld itttjilairi.' Her^'Uaa jet- Bice"'ptftdit&then;'t;: Jack,' airim VorttiiAe'' mfaWba'to1 it, 'down tit' Brlibfcrre Wilh"tW6 'dWy.'pro'cuHhg e[ frefctr'SttWHy oV'ttortoc';1'While Efelbd, poii- 'l^4frimgir,'rfa4'ri!!iyrij)f 'b's""''4F Her"' little heart would break. It',!wa« a 'immetliAte': "aVstion,'' kh6re tsritfeidily AS I Tfras iidw thd'ool/'oiie^ 'who b^" %ny ' possibie !'&Hanjj6.; coiild reliefer •' 4Mfwtic&' " 'So'' #E51ei' mly Tiorse Saddled T",0id' my beSt-'to Isabel, by telling o'er I wtfiild,d6' my'l^ery iittodst tp btfng nerfather'bkck tiafe aud sotfbd. fttta I a&ked; her not1 to be alctAtgd if my 'ftbWhce Was ybmewh'dt 'protracted, as there was no knowing, 'might' tura yp. Nbt until now did Iknpw hoW ttach sbe lilted me, 'ftnja ileiteP witl l forg6t tbb glanc« 8he Cast' me —so IdVib^ 'ahd witbal 'to full ,of meaning'," a6''fttiiilihg ' through, her teafsj a life klid, *"0'ti1y fitlt} father, jand' I 'wHl grdrit anything you like to ' ' f'prtesfced 'Her hand, and pert mdmdtit had toy footin the stirrup. " Hftl," she said, " I want to ask you something——" I: wak by' 'her sld6' again in an instant. , "Be sure and take very greeit eare '6f yoilractf—for ray sake. Fatliet^ you know, may possibly haVo gbne to Brisbane too, without telling ds—I don't think ha had yOu know, but I don't want anything to happen ito you." * * * # * * After jogging along for nil hour or so through ullfche most frequented track*, I paused to .light my pipe. It was,a want lovely moonlight night. No Hound broke the stillness, save the drowsy droning of the insects. [Every now and then I heard a rustling in tin! trees overhead, and on looking up would sue jjj) old oppossuin or a bear contentedly munching the leaves of the succulent j gum. Mow many nights like tliim had 1 walked abroad with Isabel!, The scent of the wattle, the chirrup of the cricket, the gleam of the fire fiies, everything seemed to Hood my mind with fond recollections of Isabel. | TCowTohg ^'continued Til this dreamy | stale 1 don't know, but thinking I perceived someono moving through the trees some distance ahead I urged 011 the horse and gave vent to a shrill "eoo-ee," only to have the satisfaction of startling a group of harmless wallabies. Soon we came to a small stream and I stopped to water the horse, and thought it would not be a bad plan to trace it up, as i« was the first time I had ever noticed it. We had not gone more than about half a mile, however, when the horse began to tremble violently, and at iast stood stock still, arid do what I would I could not get him to bUdge a step further. His ears wtire pricked up and his eyes stared wildly, as f lie were in great fear of something. Thinking that I had possibly come on a clue to Mr. 'ft whereabouts, I jumped to the ground, fastened the reins to a tree overhanging the stream, and walked forward on my voyage of discovery as fast as the nature of the ground would permit. The stream began to grow wider and wider, and I could | see that it flowed into a very dark wierd'looking lagoon <jr creek some distance off. ■ Now I Suddenly be came conscious of a strange feeling :of depression, a wierd sensation or melancholia creeping over me; some invisible force' attracted me Onward, | and do: frhat I would that mysterious power compelled me on ;'in the direction of the lagoon. I fought against it and tried to turn1 aside, bat all efforts of will were of no avail. On 1 had to 'go with the dark'water of the lagaon only about' three htmdred yftrds away. The agony of mind was some thing terrible, for I knew that unless I cast off this' spell Certain death awaited me, fdr I could not swim a strobe; moreover, had I been pro 'ficient ih the art, I don't suppose','nn mypresbnt condition, I should have had the power to strike out. Soon 'not; more than fifty yards Separated us, and every moment the distance decreased. Now, I was close to 'the dark, siuggish water; and the moon sebnied perCeptably to be growing dimfterand dimmer. Th'enit seemed as if a tremendous shadow enveloped 'the Hut-rounding trees—a fiuge circle 'of shadow of wTiicli the lagoon was the centre. But surely that is' a figure moving towards the water not more than twenty yards further tiown £he bank I! No, it can't be. Yes, yes, it*is Mr. . Pale as a| ghost, liko one in a dream, he glides rather than walk until he reaohes the water. < He plunges in ! 1 Oh, God; I tried to cry oat to him, but ray tongue clov&to; the roof of my mouth. Ana now I was at the water's edge; thejcircle:of shadow bad groWt) much hammer and seemed to be accord ingly much denser. 1 At -times it seemed to take fantastic guises, but the next moment was undj≠&le.; The oold now became so intense that mv teeth chattered, and my feelings of awe increased as the shade grew denser. I cannot describe this1 Sbadbw other than > by Baying^ that the^e seemed to be a most'awful '' Presence" about the place. I clung to a tree, but my arms refused their hold. I clutched <the turf, 'but it Crumbled in my grasp, and no>w, ds I was "about to give up all hope, a wild, Unearthly shriek—not unlike that of the Banshee—broke1 on the still air, and at'that very moment Hie first grey streaks of dawn became visible in ihe'egst, and I ffeltmyaelf released from the peculiar influenoagthftt had held me1 entailed' 60 * Iong*5My first impulse -was to rush to the spot where' "4 .had seen Mr.; vanish. I found him up tolas neck-in water, frith a< death-like fjallor on his fWe, ■ perfectly unconscious,i,«nd well- nigh drowned. . U waa,'owy tiiftar the greatest exertions that 1 managed to drag him onto the bank, where i1 he lay. to all appeai#ice dead. How lever, after half an hour's chafing and rubbing.my efforts were rewarded, atad I,saw with satisfaction the glow of called back life ;slowly creeping over his features. . At. last, he opehted his feyes and gazed on me, but with a perfectly vacant stare—there was no recognition itr his glance ; then 'the fill horror i of the case dawned on ine—he was mad 1 What was to he done ? I could not leave him thus, and ,yet assistance muit be procured at all risks. I hurried back to the spot where I had fastened my horse, intendiug to do all sorts of things, but, to my great chagrin, the only veBtage of him was a bit of the reins. I suppose that awful shriek had so frightened him that he broke loose. 'While now I was, racking my brains, and. wondering what on earth to do, the sound of a heavy waggon, moving up the track, reached my ears. Believe me I never 'shouted nor coo-ecd so loud in my life before, as I rushed in the direction whence the sounds proceeded, and yo|i may guess iny joy at finding Jack on his way back to the station, having purchabed bis stores in Brisbane. llattily telling bim wbat had happened, I led him to where Mr. was lying A ' unconticiouH. A. liltle brandy soon , brought him round, ;md together we i removed him to (ha dray, and a( mid- | day reached Pioneer Station. For more than ft year lie remained iu » hall wilted state, only al brie) intervals rccognisinp his children, but 1 eventually, when his faculties did re- ! turn, he had much ilie name taltt to tell as myself, the only differmicp being thai his' horse had thrown him and in the fall his tvad had cotne in contact with the root of a tree, rendering him unconscious. On recovering his senses, he could not find his horse, so made his way on foot, wan wandering about in a dazed state until the same influence that enthralled me took possession ol him and com pelled him to go to the lagoon. The same melancholy siezed him and he felt that be must plunge in that dark sluggish water, and even felt a craving to do so. What followed haB already been told. It dow only remains for me to nay that as Mr. could not contro his mind on station affairs after such a shock to his system, he formally made me Jack's partner, but long be fore this had I obtained Isabel's con sent to renew my suit, for she, poor creature, was too overwhealmed with joy ftt seeing her father safe once more to deny anything,1 so nought prevented us being married; and married we were a wfeek afterwards, and a sweeter little wife no man ever had. As civilization progressed and land round Brisbane increased in value, we sold Pioneer Station and Settled' down {further west. But the ' old station still remains,and neighbouring people to this day -tell the story of that awful night at the hgoon. It iB said that tbe Bunyip seldom appears, but, when it does come, its appearance is on a night when there is a full moon. But with the first grey streaks of dawn, it vanishes with a wild, blood-curdling1 yell, : and those who have been held under its peculiar influence are at once set free. 