[CONTINUED JF110M. SATURDAY'S ISSUE.] [THE: KlGnT' OP TRANSLATION' IS RESERVED. sXbina zembra. "" BY WILLIAM BLACK;is ] • , AiUhor,of, " Maolcod -.of Di\re," " A ! \- Princess of Thulo,1' etc., ■ '• "CHAPTER^XIV.. . | A Hos'h-Decora'ted' Ball;' r»» ; To liinri'o a tiling is-notiiing ; otiiorpeopie might, .calJL it* loye. if, thoy_.; liked )<;h.o-. was content to rogavd it as a beautiful and ideal . friendship-; rind he could have '.wished that' ,, this jwas the fourteenth century ; aud-Loii-'i .: don,.Florence ; and that a" certain chosen J band of charming ladiesandyoung gentlemen . miglit retire to a small and fair domain with out the'eity, there to walk in cool gardens and fragrant meadows, singing songs and ..•telling stories, weaving garlands of flowers, and danuing to the duclet strains of lute and viol, all to show to the world that perfect and frank good comradeship might innocently ar.d advantageously exist between unmarried 11 en and maidens. In the meantime he was 5 either in 'Florence nor in the fourteenth • century;; and indeed, ho was too much occupied' jyith the. one and sole and consum ing question as to how he should manage to see Sabina again to wasto much thinking over impracticabilities. But afternoon calls were useless, for Sabina was rarely at home in the daytime ; haunting the neighbourhood of Kensington square was tantalising beyond ondurance ; and not until Mrs. Wygrain came back fram Brighton could he hope for an invitation to spend an evening with them. Was there no' pother way ?; For this constant desire to meet hor ag'aiiir—jf only for a few minutes, just to \- sea howishe was looking, and hear her voice '^^banishe.d every other thought and fancy ifrom his brain-; and he neglected his work ; ^and> his Ordinary coriipanioii3vha& but little ''interest , .for ,. him.; and-..London became aty once:-■■■■'■ a delight- and -;'a torture -to ' him-^-knowing as " lie did, that Sabina wassomewherewithin tho vast extent •of it1--; j and from morning till night he kept .".vainly , guessing at her probable whereabouts.' •All this was friendship of a very exalted 'audi •devoted, character, lie knewj'stiil, it 'was; ■friendship. ... ,. ~: One afternoon he went down to the house! 'ofa famous Academician, iand1 found ■ thej mistress of the mansion aa' home. There: "wero a few. visitors present and wlien they; ipse to, leave he remained ; ho wanted to; jiave a little private conversation;vrith Mrs.: Mellord. .... ' Why,' said he,; when thry-lal gone,! * from what I hear, the whole* of London isj •coming to you on. the 22nd. j VOh, no, no—only a-few friends,' she! siaid (all hostesses say the likej/.j'T.We shall! be very quiet—don't " you be frightened j away——- 2."' - " ji! j • OhV-I am-coming; of course,^Ke5 fcaul. 3 , ' I ,have; got some, pretty ; women,'-.jShe i observed, encouragingly (and she herself was charming enough, both in-'appaaranca and manner). A , ' You always do have pretty, women at your house,' he said. ' Don't you know that other people are a little bit jeaioui 1 How do you manage it? They're uot too fond of shining side by side. They like to be solitary stars. Well, now—-eh—I wanted to ask you if you had sent a card to the Wygrams. V - ' 4 The Wygrams ?' slie repeated' with tho least touch of surprite. ' I don't think I did, then. ■■■•'' • 1 '' ' "• ., ' Oh, but you ought,'"he made bold to say (for he was on very friendly terms with this pretty Mrs. Mellord). ' Oh, yes, you must:—a .kindness, you know—rauld dang syne——: ' ! '' I should hardly have thought it was in their way,'-^she. said, still looking rather puzzled. And then something seemed to strike her ; and she regarded the young man with shrewd and demurely smiling eyes. ' I suppose you mean that Miss Zembra should be included ? '-MissZembra V I10 answered, aud ho took up an Egyptian scent-burner and affjoted to be doeply interested in tho potter's handi work. ' Well, y6s, I understand she is still living with them. I don't know that sho would care to como—probably, not. Sho would want some persuasion, I suppose, if you were kind enough to ask hor. However, if you want another pretty. woman, there is one. Of course, as I say, 'She would have to beporsuadod—she doesn't often go out— but you could tell her, for example, that she ought to go out from time to time—seeing how rich people enjoy and amuse themselvos should sharpen her sympathy with those poor people she works among—you .might put it that way, if you thought it - while asking her. .Mrs. Mellord burst out laughing. ' Do you know, Mr. Lindsay,- that you are;a very admirable actor ? Of course it is not you who. want Miss Zembra to be here on the 22nd. Oh, no.- And your air of indifference—excollent ! Do you think I liavo heard nothing?—with all the town talking about your infatuation for Miss ,Sabina ! He reddened to the temples. ' I was not aware there wero so many iidiots in tlie world. ' Don't be angry,' said his friend, placidly. •* They might have coupled your namo with a plainer girl. Now let us understand each •other. Supposing I go to Miss Zembra, aud talk hor over, and get her to como here, perhaps you would like to take' her in to supper ? Ho looked up quickly, but she did not give him tirao to speak. ' I suppose you would not object. Well, then, everybody says that Herr Borella is a great chum of yours. I saw him the other liight, and he Refused to come to me 011 the 22nd—the flinniest excuse you over heard ; do you think you can induce him to change his mind ? 41 know I can. 4 And will you get him to sing ? 4 Certainly. 4 For, don't you see, l am not going to sacrifice the whole night to you boys and girls. I must have some little amusement for the elderly people ; and I am going to have distinct intervals between the dances, and Iiave music—-songs, I mean, for no one listens to anything else: \Vell, then, 1 have got Madame Secchi, and Angelica Russoll, and Isidore, and one or two others ; and I want your friend 73orolla as well. 4 Oh, that's'all right,' ho said, promptly. 4 You really think you will,get him to sing for me? • I'll make him sing. 'Because,' said pretty Mrs. Mellord, gravely, and she regarded the young man with eyes that meant a good deal, ' in that case'I tliink out of sheer gratitude I must do iny best to persuade Miss Zombra. The 22nd was a long way off yet, Uow tover; and in tho interval the Wygrams camc liome from Brighton. During this time ho encouutercd the sympathetic Janie occasionally ; but saw very little of Sabina, who was busy with her multifarious duties ; so that all the mora he looked forward to the evening on which ho : was to meet her at Mrs. -Mellord's ; And alivaya witli the'., tacit ftssutiijitjan tjwt lie was feji 'JwYfl tile monopoly of her society on that occasion. Had it not beon so at his own house on that memorable night ? Sabina was his companion all the ,way through ; at supper .she had sat on hi3 light hand, and talked ft'most ex clusively to him ; iii the studio the others were. free _to dance,.or ..listoa t to music, or amuse themselves as they choso ; Sabina arid he wero apart hind together.- And as it wis then, so it ,wouldbo now ; ,for.who else ha!d such a claim oil lier 1 ' J And aUastVcame the/night of tho ball;; and it was the very "height 'of* tho London season ; and as carrisige'after carii.igo drove up to Mrs. Mellord'a house, the^crowd. on the ; pavementhad iuoioi or,*'less^distiiiit glimpsos of very distinguished people iudeell a generally recognised lace causing ii little murmur of comment—aud of tho less known women-folk who stepped along under the awning « iri ^'tlie -lightest atidjpalest cif suminer clonks and hoods.;,..And pleasant it was on this hot June ; nighty to pass into the spacious liall of white'and black marble; and fresh and cool looked the, tall . fern3, thai went all the way ■ round the walls ; and thpre was a grateful, flashing of , the. central fountain, where a ghost-white alab'astor swan floated motionless in the middle bf'a miniai ture lake. But from jthe,hail upwards and onwards there was no decoration'-bub'-roses! Ropes of roses adorned the .'staucase ; fest toons of roses hung ab.ivo, the doors; massesof roses gave colour to the pal#.gold ball room? and on the, supper-tablo—as yet; [concealed from, the public eyo^—lay. i\ bed .of reid-: roses from end to end:'' ''Everywhere-there 'was 1 scent;of.rosies, and,a.,sound of, ,mu?ic, too] for tho dancing, had-begun ; and pretty5 Mrs] Mellord, at tho head of ,thb^',staircase, was already becoming anxious that tile people should disperse a little, and not crowd scj obstinately round the'ball-room door. Walter Lindsay was not in that ball-room, ift-j-jthe-,.spacioussLal}i.:below,1 lounging about with Will Metoyard, anct pretending to listen to'!liim. The subject^ of their talk .was etching, ordinarily a sufli-J ciently attractive topic for most artist* ; audi Meteyard -was most: enthusiastic about a] wonder-working press he had just purchased.! Somehow or other, however, Walter: Lindsay's attention1 was but intermittent.* He . looked,, .anxious.,,, Ho kept glancing towards tho wide-open doorway, and to the] birilliant crowd that camo slowly pouring in And at last, with,a sudden .'-Sueyou by aud bye' he abruptly left his companion aud made for a small group that had just arrived. Sabina (so tall she Beomed ; and to him she:.appeared ,;tp. be ■ enrelopod in a cloud of white gauze—but' that was becauso he had no byes for anything but her 'face and. the possible look of welcome he might :fmd there) was'apparently a littlei ' surprised to meet'liimi' ' ; 1 In London still ?' she said, in'her direct way; ! < Why are you not in the'cbiiutry, at work?:,. i He:stammered someexcuse. VAnd you might w,oil. ask what brings us here, V she,addodi.with a. smile ; ■ ' but Jutiie wanted to see the roses.- • ' Tli'ey, , passed^ into. Ilia ■: cloak-rooom. lie •, wasy- very/.nervous v while ■ waiting them. He wanted to got pi.s Session of Sabina from the firstrr-to^establish a right of companionship that no one could interfere with. And what if they-,were -to be separated on the crowded staircase, or if she wore to be snatched away from him on her entrance into the rooms above ? It suddenly occurred to him tliat he was, in a manner, helpless. In his own home,1 with Sabina as his guest, he could do what ho liked. He could chooie her seat for hor, take her hither .and hither, generally assume 'chargo of her. Bat herd,' iii iitioth'or person's house, he had no such control ; all sorts of untoward accidents might happen ; wild beasts (in the shape of strangers wanting in troductions) would be waiting " upstairs to devour hor. And what had ho'to come for if Sabina wo.e to be spirited away ? However, when tho womon roappeared, it was very evident that;Sab.iua had; nof in tention of ignoring the claims of old frieniP ship. Shu camo forward to him quite frankly ; appeared to. take it for granted hi? was waiting' for them ; and wont up the staircase with him, those two together, , and Janie looking,oh with marked approval-.*' ' ' I wish Mr. Foster could see them uow,' sho said in an undertone to her mother. ' Y>'»u know,'; Sabina said to . hor .com panion, ' we are going away quito early. 1 cannot have all the good that Brighton die! to Mrs Wygram undone again. Wasn't! it kind of her to tn'ce all tho trouble a'lou; bringing us hero to night? but Jaiiie'ivas so anxious to see tho pretty rooms; and then Mrs Mellford is a vary persuasive woman— when sho sets hor mind on a thing 1 Oh,' said he, ' I will take you where you will soe everything without getting crushed I know you, don't caro much about dancing Miss Zembra; aud I don't either; why; I de test it—-in this hot weather —7- in a crowd , . . But they wero now arrived at tho head of the staircase. Mrs Mellf.ird was riot,much surprised to iind Walter Lindsay appear at the same time with'Miss Zembra; and she gave both of them, and the ^Wygrams, , a pleasant greeting; only she took occasion, «s she prossed Mr.' 'Lindsay's hand' aliglitly, to 'say:— ",';v ' .Borella is here; and has already 'sung twice. You are a vory good boy. Now as Walter Linsd.iy was familiar with this house, and as all the rooms on the floor were en suite, I10 found no difficulty in tak ing his little party by a roundabout way to a corner where they could have a command ing view. And a very protty Mj/ht it was : the palo-liued walls, tho brilliant lights, tho masses and ropes and festoons of roses ; young English girls showing further roses in their cheeks, their eyes vivid u iihthe ani mation of a waltz; dowagers gorgeous in velvet and satin aud diamonds; hero and there in tho 'genoral circle.';'if one may use the phrase, the resplendent costume of a dusky Indian Prince, or the quieter g.v ments of. a group of a Chinese ollicials look ing on with impassive stare. Perhaps, in deed, tho ' general circle' was more' inter esting to the ordinary observer than the industrious young men and maidens who were engaged in tho active business of tho evening ; for there wu:-e many famous folk here ; and, luckily.for Lindsay's companions, his acquaintance was not confined to mere painters and poets and poople of that kind. However, they were not suffered tj remain long in this quiet corner. ' Tho son tff the house had espied them ; a quadrille was being formed ; ho brought along a partnar, and introduced him to Janie. Janie was a good girl, and told no lie ; only she threw 0 little despairing glance towards Sabina. ' Won't you come in, Sabie V sho tid. ' ' Will you 1' said Walter Lindsay; quickly. ' Oh yo3,' was the placid answer. And so before he know what ho was ab nit ho found himself engaged to dance with Sabina; and quite inadvertoiitiy he took liar Jiand so as to put her in proper,'poaiti-in;;' and his heart was boating- p.'otty quickly ; and tho rausic that hadVuow hegu'a made. a. fervour brainy , so tljat li>o littldr Bpocphes ho mado to ho? jveravathor incoherent. Fortunately they wore 'sides ;' and in the period of waiting, Sabina looked on calm and bland and .; placid.Whan it c.une to their turn she went through tlio various ovulations with a simplicity and ca30 and grace that entirely surprised him, and wrought him a moro deadly woe than, evor. "Was it her.,beautiful figure, the:i,;-j that causcd her slightest movement to appear I so fine and finished ? And thou she was so1; gentle' and'dignified in.: her! "Ee'if-possessioni; and.Jauie's eyes, as ho could see, .were full j of admiring pride ; she seemed to be saying.. ' Is not our, beautiful-Sable ;perfect in every- ] thing she does?' And, of course, he pretended to'have'forgotten tlie figures in order to have information :!givcn-; himljin an i undertone) and he rather lingered in letting .go her I hand when they returned' to' tjfeir places and he, too, spoke to her in an uudeitjnej as-if.to. sliut away the outer,(Wqrldi.;B,ut alas! this closed-companionship could: not'la^t for evSr'V, th'fe'iriusic'andiibo daricing c.^ased, and he iiad to tako'her back(,to..MrA;;iYygram. It was Perdita he was thinking of, andFlorizel's might' ever do nothing but that.' Only, tins was: rather. ■,a, talh and: sWtely..iPerdita| tlii ou^h her luahiicrwiis gracious onou^h. { Miidanip §occhi,was nowisinging(the ,'"Casts Diva' air from A orma ■ "but ho did not listen! attentively ; lie was busy with the fear that! tlidt ofSjious/youhg.'^rellord'wouId^jjrosonUy' be ,bringiiig along saipp' "partner.and.:stealing! Sabina' away fron? him{':(A.nd'Ke waa resol vol5 that no such ''tlihit'" slibuld: 'occur.""' "So he! charged them not to move from their present; position and,, slipped .away .through the! crowd and reached his hostess; ■ ■ ■ ■ i j .^ar«^ou' going to! •be .awfully. good to, .moItj -7/ '••>>.'» ' I always am,' wasthe'prompt reply. 1 Yes ; but this time especially ? ' What is,it? ^ vi; - ,( ^. Miss; Zomt)ra. a,nd tlie :!Wygrams, are: no t j j going to stny 'lafej-and *1.' want'to show'them j May I tiiko. thejii,int v ..j. ' Tlie candlos are not lit yet. j ' P;1> but tliore will be some kind of! light:^ J ' 'I • Yery .vv.ell, then.' i. A!hdthon she looked ; at him with- laughing ' bit -fWeiVdly ''eyes. ! ' Promise to be grateful to me all your life. *■ w-}iye,tyou.^giyejthem.supperjuo.Wji^if you j canjfiud -nay. *'.i' . ■'/« '< ■■'j j,'n*s',i.r ' No ; mdyT?' J-**» »i »i"«i u,n ' But get the servants to put the table I straight—don't forget that. And right gladly and swiftly he went back to his friendi; the music had not yet finished; j Sabina was stjlltlior.e,,,.i jV. :,..i Come along,' said lie, 'fain commissioned by Mrs. Mellord to take you into tlie supper room before any one else goes in—come I along ! ' 1 And then he bundled tlium away, and J guided them across, .the . upper hall, and opened the ponderous rosewood door, and ushered them into this long, dimly-lit chamber.' But even those few lampp, showed what a beautiful room it was—the abund ance of fl.jwers, the silver, candelabra, the c-ystal and china making the table very pretty indeed. . Then it was cool and quiet and mysterious ; there wa3 no servant of any kind near ; they were as children who' had stolen into some forbidden place. Of I course, the women folk would not hear of his attempting to get them any supper. Would he disarrange that beautiful table 1 Thev could get soma refreshment, if they wanted any, in the other room. Then said Janie :— 'Mother, S.ibie is, tired after liar Iong-I days work. Let her stop hero—in the :co?^.-. i will go back and look at the I [dancing:O y J j S:t »iua was nothing loth ; this room was .indeed much Icasf I»^\|Kan ; tKo others; hel |had got her a comfortable chair ; and, when ;sho had lime, she., enjoyed laziness I ■luxuriously. What did she talk to him ;abon,t;?/It-Seemed il matter; bf'litUe' concern! jto her. He was all eagerness to interest her | j about a doaon different subjooU ; but she .answered as if the mysterious lights, and the jcool atmosphere- and the scent of the''roses I pere enough for her. She lay a little back1 in her chair ; the solitary diamond in the J plender neeklaco - /ou^d.her . thro.it .flashed I from time to time ; she never raised her eyes to his; snemedt content-l-aud blandly in idifferent. j But there wiu a'growing-:wildness in his !>roi» ; at any moment sha mi^ht carelessly fiao and signify !ior'wiah'"to return to the |iall-room'jrfand'>^|io (Could .^gt:control; her I ping- He took a rose from the bed of roses. I '/VIA®, ,2^'iibra, will you give tno this I ^ose1?' he 8iiid/iV rather-aj jinv vtiice.' ' ' : j In an instant she seemed to be startled yito half-consciousness,-- and to recollect | where she was—and what Mrs. Wvgram vyould- probably' -say- of- lierV The next ljioment slio'had nsen' aud takbii the rose | and placed it gently back.on the table, i 'We must not rob Mrs. Mellord,' she) said;,.f?Ulr. perfect quietude."! i'lAudinow ■shall we go. back ? ; - j ' T would wait ten jears to got that rose 1 from yuu,1 he said, for~ thia madness was ! still in his bra|ii.| ,'r r-. tp r$'{*■' 1 {. 'slie"3id' iWt hearf She tmscJcled him calmly to the doop(; and there, indeed, she liiigjrcd for'half iv second until he je jpined.)ier;/ ftnd-/togetlieiv.fas If. nothlnir.' liiSd '^PPaS^i;H)W^']!^t'Ui^eji''^-f^he:^ygromsl But ha ivaa' ar mud Jiiiu;.w:is phanUismat-— the din and splendour; ;'^ere ,:a!ikb;! bbwild^riri^ ; ho looked on but:his eyes;\vere blind,, , Sabina bpgaii ti> question' Mrs. Wygram aoout g'ling, iiivd this sombwhat recalled hiiii tii himsjlf.. :Way, she spoke to him too, aiul with no studied Cjildness, but rather wiih a I certain timidity. Ilad she heard, fliifj yot j was not angry ? Or _was it'that she was too gontlo to bts angry. ?—sho woul.tl rather [irti tend not to have heard at all. Very soon the Wygrams and Sabie loft, and for Iiiin the rosa-scented tail was over. Ho returnud no more to those brilliant ' rooms, with their blaa'ng candelabra and beautiful dresses and gay music. He put on his thiu summer overcoat and went away listlessly—and yet with a kind of excite- I inont in his brain—through, the dim gas-| lit streeta—down by Gloticester-road, and Cornwall gardens, and back by Yictcrij}/ road, and so, and stealthily, through Ken sington-sqsiare. The lights, were already out in tlio well-known house. And then he wandered away up in tlie ZSoltiughill dire'c tion, until he roachod his own home; and there he weJit into the studio, and turned up I the gas,' and threw off his coat and sat down, What had happened ? And, right well! ho knew; no further disguiso or pretence was pc-.S3iblo now; his inmost ^oul had spoken to himself, if not to hoi;, v, (To be continued.) 