TREE PLANTING.'" -o- In the middle of summer, when the thermometer registers over 100 deg, in the shade, and a hot blast is blow ing across the level expanse of country that stretches for miles and miles on either side of the ever-running Goul burn, how dreary must be the sight of the land with all or nearly all, its timber dead, with the skeletons of old trees standing out like dreary ghosts,. the miserable survivors of the past,' waiting like some poor bed-ridden pain-racked sufferer for the hand of timeto revolve, eue they sink back to mother earth from whence they sprung. As years roll by the evil will be inten sified. Here and there a patch of irri gated fruit trees or carefully planted rineyard v ill relieve the monotony; butthe relief will be alight uniless some othlar means are adopted to restore the balance to Nature. Timber also will he a searce commodity as year after ,year rolls by, and the old trees fall to decay. The remedy that at once suggests itself to even the most casual observer is to counteract the evil effects of the selectors' desolating axe by carefully re-planting certain portions of the timher-despoiled country with trees that will soon grow up and afford shade to the cattle and beauty to the eye, as well as supplying timber for various purposes. Amongst the various knds of trees the different varieties of pines grow rapidly, and their timber is very valu able. Just consider how much pine and other soft wood we import every year. When we notice how rapidly the red gumn saplings --grow-in-the swampy places near the river, we can see how, with a little care, in a few years the supply of timber can gradoally be restored to meet our in creasing wants. It is a standing pity to see all the forests so ruthlessly destroyed and no effort made to replace them; but it is better late than never, and it is to be sincerely hoped that the farmers, even for their material benefit, will come to recocnise the fact that when they destroy a frest it is to their interest to partially replace it by planting fresh trees. It is well known that trees have a tendency to mitigate the heat of summer and a beneficial effect on the rainfall. These considerations them selves should be a sufficient induce ment for re-planting.-" Goulbura Valley Yeoman." 