INTERVIEW WITH MISS CORNWELL, THE "PRIATCESS MIDAS." Miss Cornwell, a lady whose remarkable success in the development of the mining industry in various parts of Australia has won for her the sobriquet of the "Princess Midas" arrived in Brisbane on Thursday last, and yesterday morning a reporter from this office was granted the favour of an interview with her. In reply to his interrogations, Miss Cornwell said that the object of her visit to Queensland was the inspection of those mines that have been floated on the London market, and for this purpose she proposed to visit the Gympie, Mount Morgan, and Charters Towers mines. " You know," said Miss Cornwell, "Ihavooulv* just returned to the colonies from London about a month, and I desire to make myself acquainted with the character and prospects of these mines as far as I can determine them. I have some acquaintance with the New South Wales mines-with those at Tenterfield and Fairfield, and I also know something of the Adelaide fields-the Teetulpa district; with the Victorian fields I am of course acquainted ; but I know nothing personally of the Queensland mines." "You are a native of Victoria, are you not, Miss Cornwell ?" "No; I am a native of England, but you may almost call me a Victorian, for I was only a baby in arms when I was brought out to the colony. It is now about five years since I began to take an active interest in mining matters-by that I mean the personal inspection and examination of underground workings, and that sort of thing, which I now always undertake myself." " But in what manner did you obtain the experience necessary to make such inspections of any value to you in your subsequent operations ? Pow men, let alone women, can obtain any really practical information from the examination of underground workings." " Simply through my natural love of the thing. I have listened to the views of the best theoretical men, and I have got practical men to show me over the mines and explain every thing to me, and by putting together the ideas of both the theoretical and the practical men I have been able to form my own opinions and I base my subsequent judgments upon the views I have arrived at in this way." "And have all of your mines turned out well?" " Fairly so ; I have only one failure, so far and that I don't call a failure just because you can't consider a mine a failure when you are not working it. All the other mines I have are considered very good and they are certainly turning out very well, and therefore a number of people say I inn gifted with second sight. The mine I referred to which is just now stationary, is that at Fairfield ; but I believe they will yet develop a lode there. They have sunk a shaft 100ft. deep without finding anything but it is most peculiar country round there. The mine was really floated on the strength of the Ade- line Company-. When I first saw the district I saw the Adeline turning out extraordinary crushing material, and felt sure they would have something good, but through bad management it collapsed, and that caused the works at Fairfield to stop. But that is the only one of my mines which has had this fate. All the other important mines have quadrupled their value since I took them up." " Is it your custom to go into mines when they are in a poor way, and upon the point of being abandoned ; or do you look round for claims that are doing fairly well and then by the expenditure of capital develop them ?" "No ; I take them up as a rule when they are at their lowest ebb. You know I often get letters from people saying that they have no funds to go on, and offering to dispose of their mines. I visit their places and carefully strains them, and if I find them good enough for investment by myself and friends, I go into them. But in many instances I get considerable properties offered to me which I will not touch at all. People call me a ' Speculator, but I am not in the least bit ; unless there is a reasonable show of return I never go into these things, and I go into them merely to get the gold out of the ground and not" for market purposes. I am. always a large shareholder in the mines with which I have anything to do, and I never go into one unless I can with some degree of confidence ask my friends to take as large an interest in it as I have myself, and I think this is one reason for my strength for people know that always go into the mines as a shareholder after I have carefully inspected them and besides, I think one cannot speak with confidence to men in regard to a mine unless one has really faith in the thing, and then if you do happen to make a mistake it is forgiven. I get very much interested in my work, indeed. I like mining itself, and think it a most enjoyable thing even to go through a mine and besides, there is the good that may be done. In some instances I have started mines with only three men, and now there upwards of fifty Employed there and it is really a grand thing to feel that you are finding work for men in that way. Now that I have got to Queensland I purpose going to Gympie and then to Mount Morgan, which I have a great curiosity to see. I have not seen anything of the same character as Mount Morgan except the Red Rock, which they say is similar, and very naturally I want to see the Rockhampton mine and compare notes. That's a very extraordinary discovery at the Red Rock." " You think a great deal of it then?" "I think it one of those extraordinary things which one cannot estimate at all. I have never seen anything like it and should be sorry to make any assertion about it; but wherever you try for gold you get it, and there is a tremendous area of matrix there that will take years to work out. Whether it all contains gold or not is one of those things you don't care to say ; but it is a most tremendous and alluring show. With regard to a country like that, where these is no defined lode or vein, it is rather difficult to pin your faith to anything. How over, when I have seen Mount Morgan I may be able to settle my mind on the subject. From Mount Morgan I think of going to Charters Towers, as I want to see, as far as I can most of the mines that have been floated in the home market. Besides, you know I have purchased the Sunday Times in London, and I want the best information on these subjects. It is the commercial and mining columns of that paper that I am making afeatureof,andlthereforedesh,ethomostreliable and thorough information that I can get. I have already very strong f a vourable convictions about Queensland mines. When I was in London to many people came to my office and asked me about Queensland that I felt quite sorry that I had not been here, and know so little about the place. I think Sir Thomas M'llwraithought behaves monument erected for him here for what he has done for Queensland. It is the best advertised colony of the group, and better known than either Victoria or New South Wales, and that is simply owing to Sir Thos. M'Ilwraith's exertions. I had very numerous inquiries about this colony, and, when I was floating Victorian mines and said they were such good claims, people said, I Of course it's a Queensland mine i' and I had to explain to them that this oolonyhadnot the only good gold-producing fields in Australia. But it is firmly established in the minds of the people at home that Queensland is a great gold-producing colony, and has yet to be worked out. Anything in the way of mines that has the ghost of a show in Queensland will be taken up in London." " Were you at home when Sir S. W. Griffith cautioned English investors against the wild cut' mines" " No, I was not but that did a lot of harm. It did more harm than good there is no doubt for it stopped the wave of feeling that was getting towards the colony that would have brought a lot of money into the country. I think it was a very dangerous thing, in a colony like this to say that any piece of land will not produce gold; it is far better to keep silent on the subject. There have been many notable instances in Victoria, where everyone hits said that there would not be an ounce of gold found, but where afterwards large returns have been obtained. I knowofonu which produced fully £30,000. So it is impossible to say there is no gold issues land in a mineral country like this, where the unexpected always happens. I don't think therefore, that Sir Samuel Griffith did rightly or wisely. It may have been very honourable no doubt it was-but it was a dangerous thing to do on the ground of public policy, as it prevented the influx of capital. I don't say it has permanently affected the colony ; but it has raised a doubt in the minds of people, and you will require some good returns from the mines now to restore their confidence. But you can comfort yourselves with this, that you have, I believe, the confidence of the English public to a greater extent than any other colony, for you must remember that that caution did not affect the Queensland mines solely, but also those of other colonies. When I am at Charters Towers I shall visit Ravenswood if I can do so conveniently, but I have to be back in Melbourne in about five weeks' time to attend to the installation there of the Schansohiife electric light, as when I was at home I purchased for £40,000 the colonial rights of that invention, and my electrician will arrive about that time. The great feature of this light is its suitability for miners' purposes, even apart from its usefulness for dwelling-houses, &o.; The manufacturing company constructs safety miners' lamps which will burn for ten hours, giving a light of two candle power at a cost to the consumer of not more than 1d., while the present cost of candles for the same time is 3d., thus giving a clear saving of 2d. in each drive per shift. Besides, it is so thoroughly safe and convenient. In each lamp there is a little battery and all you have to do is to pour into it a saline liquid which excites the electric fluid, and you can light or extinguish your lamp simply by turning it the right or wrong way up. It is wonderfully safe, and it gives a bright clear light. This is one of the biggest things I have over gone into, and I think £40,000 was an extremely low price for it. I intend to float a syndicate in Melbourne to work it through the colonies and indeed they wanted to arrange it as soon as I came out ; but I would not do any thing until the people have seen it for themselves. I shall make an installation at the Exhibition and I am quite sure everyone will be satisfied with it for the installation I saw in London was the most fascinating thing I ever saw. In mining it will be simply invaluable, for it is absolutely secure from all possibility of causing explosions, and for domestic purposes it will, I feel positive, do away with all other means of procuring artificial light. The saline liquid is the invention that is patented, and it will be on sale at the shops just like kerosine. The lamps once procured will last for ever so long, and they simply require falling from time to time with the liquid just like oil lamps. Oh, by the way, I saw. the Courier the other day an article about the Red Rock district which stated that Messrs. Warren de la Rue and Bryant were two of the London directors of the area I took up there. That is not so. They are directors for the Midas Company on Ballarat. Mr. J. Darlington, a leading member of a very well-known London firm, is a director of the Red Rock area." During further conversation Miss CoraweP remarked that she was not in Melbourne when the " silver boom was on, and was not sure that she would have taken much interest in it, as that was not in her way of business, though in all probability she would have been drawn into it. Although Miss Cornwell has for so long managed successfully so many large business ventures, she would not strike one as being a business woman. There is nothing of that shrewd, keen, calculating manner about her which might be expected from such a lady. She is a good conversationalist, who seems more desirous of speaking of other affairs rather than those with which she is connected, but who, when asked about them, speaks frankly and modestly as if she thought any other woman could, by trying, have accomplished all or more than she has done. 