fLohs xrf the Jftontlt. OTTR ?' Official Notices' column seems this month somewhat lengthy. The details of receipts to several funds have been accumulating since November ' last, and, at length reaching us, encroach upon our space. It would be a welcome encroachment, if, occurring more frequently, it indicated an increasing Diocesan prosperity, or, better still, if it told of a truer grasp of the Laws of Christian Giving among our people ! The Bishop's Residence Fund, we observe, continues w uugciiug cuiiobGiiuo iuiu mo _yecii jlooo, uiio cuuiu b--» xaiau mio £700 to meet Mr. W. T. Howe's generous offer of £1000, for the liquidation of the debt on Bishopscourt, being unsuccessful last year. Mr. Rowe has very kindly granted an extension of time. It is now for us to make an effort to raise the balance as Bpeedily as possible. We point out that £440 has been received by the treasurer, Mr. E. J. Webb, leaving a balance of about £260 still to be collected. AGAIN' and again in these columns certain modern methods of raising financial Church support have been deprecated. At present our parishes are very dependent upon them, however. If they must be, we admire the proof, in Brown Hill district, of what can be done by such efforts, heartily, yet quietly, under taken. Recently, under Archdeacon Allanby 's fostering and vigorous hand, the following results were attained, which we were unable before to record : — St. Mark's Church, Brown Hill (bazaar), £33; St. Luke's Church, Pootilla (bazaar), £44; St. George's, Yendon (cake fair), £32; St. David's, Warrenheip (bazaar and tea), £32 ; St. James', Nerrina (social gathering), £4 ; St. John's and Dunnstown bazaars, £85; thus making a grand total of £230. To show how carefully things were managed, and expenses kept under, we may state that the expenses in con nection with raising this amount did not exceed £6. IN Archdeacon Allanby's other, and even vaster, field of work and superintendence, the Wimmera archdeaconry, valuable pecuniary aid has quite lately been allotted by the grand old Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge. In January, 1885, the society voted a block grant of £350 towards ten churches in the Wimmera. Nine of these have been built, and the society has been asked to assist in building nineteen others, together with the three proposed to be erected in the Brown Hill District. The Brown Hill churches are Lai Lai, Dunnstown, and Bolwarrah. Elsewhere we give the Archdeacon's particulars of the nineteen proposed Wimmera churches. Sheep Hills has £104 in hand. All the churches Avill be of Avood except that of Glenorchy, which will be of brick. Sites have been acquired at Lillimur, Kaniva, Natimuk, Sheep Hills, Glenorchy, and are vested in the diocesan trustees. The committee of the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge recommends that a block grant of £500 should be voted and placed at the Bishop's disposal for allotment, at his discretion, among the twenty-two churches named. We rejoice in the healthy infant life of our Church in the North- West of the Diocese, and express a hope that among the signs of progressing vitality and prosperity may speedily be the building and entire payment for the churches enumerated. THE North- West of the diocese ! In this connexion, ' My Twelfth Visitation' (a paper by the Bishop of Ballarat, appearing in the January number of Church Work: Mission Life) is doubtless being read with eager interest and hearty apgreciation at home as well as amongst ourselves. We make the following extracts : — 'When I came to my diocese in 1875, the north, or at least the north-west, of it was a blank expanse upon the map, except where the site of large lakes was marked. A part of it, in immense strips, had been occupied by sheep runs ; but most of it was labelled 'Euca lyptus dumosa' on the survey charts, and surrendered — a grim, monotonous solitude — to snakes and iguanas. The 'mallee scrub' was indolently assumed to be perfectly worthless. In the same way the whole of Eastern Victoria was disposed of in these terms by the Surveyor-General at Sydney so late as 1824 : ' We have demonstrated this region to be utterly uninhabitable, and useless for any of the purposes of civilised man !' It is a sort of revelation to have now ascertained that the 'mallee scrub country' simply wants clearing; The soil for the most part is excellent for the growth of wheat and of fruit. Of picturesque features it is absolutely destitute, the only relief to the mono tony of the prairie-like expanse being ranges of high sand hills at rare intervals, and occasional large but shallow lakes, of fluctuating size and level shores. No rivers succeed in crossing these vast plains ; they come to an end before reaching the. Murray, which bounds them on the north; for it must be admitted that it is usually a dry, hot region. But irrigation by degrees can alter that, and indeed the magnificent rains of the present glorious season have made the cleared parts of it this year the counterpart of a flat English county in June. And yet what frightful ravages one fortnight of locusts or caterpillar might produce ! I was amused to notice lately in an English commentary on Solomon's prayer at the dedication of the temple attention drawn to the words, ' or if there be caterpillar,' as a touching instance of the tender condescension of Scripture to minute and insignificant detail. Insignificant ! ' Caterpillar' in Victoria may mean ruin on a colossal scale ! As I travel I find men's hearts sinking already at the appearance of a small butterfly, which has been noticed in previous years, like the pilot-fish before the shark, to be occasionally the precursor of the locust visitation. Ultimately the whole of our north-west will be covered with farms and orchards, traversed with railways, and dotted, as I trust, with Churches. The labour and cost of the last process will, however, not be light. It is, in part, the busi ness that I am travelling upon.' ' TJS7HAT lifts bush journeys such as mine into interest and im V V portance is the reader to remember that it is in these Australian solitudes that the ' expansion of England,' so grandly elucidated by the Cambridge -Professor (Seeley), is day by day - enacting, and the only possible solution being attempted of the frightful problem of over-population in the Motherland. Of incalculable consequence, not only to individual souls, but to the future of that ' Greater Britain' into which Great Britain, if it is to remain great at all, must be content to merge, is the question whether, in their early stages, these communities of pioneer yeomen in our colonies are taught the fear of God, and the- love of Christ, and the joy of righteousness, and the sacredness of truth, through the agency of the institution divinely commissioned for the purpose. This aim ennobles all the toilsome drudgery of the colonial pastorate: for this the pioneer bush clergyman (I instance facts) plods on foot through fifteen miles of mud to keep punctual tryst with some company of isolated worshippers ; rides his 120 miles per week, often under blazing suns; spends a whole night standing in flood water, grasping the bridle of his horse ; or camps in one lowly hut after another, with ill-cooked fare and rough, hard bed, in severance from all the refinements of civilised life. For this his Bishop fares forth after him ... passing day by day for weeks from one struggling outpost to another, trying, amid frequent weariness and disheartenment, to be ever ready with the fitting word of cheerful counsel or well-timed instruction or wise rebuke, and returning to headquarters to grapple with huge arrears of letters and difficulties accumulated in his absence. Ballarat means ' resting place ;' but I warn that mysterious personage, my eventual successor, in whom I feel an intense and somewhat pathetic interest, to remember that the place was not a See when it was named.' ' npHE chief practical hindrance to church progress here is, -*? beyond all question, that to which I have made some reference already — I mean the divisions of Protestantism. 'Lord Macanlay observes, in his review of Ranke's History of the Popes, that Protestantism does not advance ; for no country has become Protestant since the Reformation. Its divisions explain that. Reformed Christianity cannot be massive and potent in the colonial settlements so long as six or seven different bodies, solicit the separate adherence of the people. ' While Rome insists upon a Christian Chureh being Papal before lit is recognised, other Christians must be content for j conscience' sake to be ignored by her; but there is no sufficient j ground' whatever for the continued separation of most of the other bodies, and the misery of it is becoming almost unendur able. A conference in Australasia of the representative heads of Protestantism might, I think, under the guidance of the Holy Ghost, accomplish something towards ending it ; and I am doing all I can for this. '' The disabling element in my work here, as a Church of England Bishop, is the absence of proper endowment of it ; £50,000 at least is required ; I have hardly scraped together £30,000. Our Church, questionless, is far the best exponent of Christianity for the colonial populations, and grasps and holds the most influential place everywhere if she can be first in the field, and worthily represented. But to do pioneer work well, by means of cheap and inferior agents, and in dependence from the first upon local support, is an absolute impossibility. I could grasp all North-west Victoria for Church Christianity if I could lay my hand on £20,000. As it is, it is being steadily pre occupied by an ill-educated and contentious sectarianism. My : only solace is that of the Apostle : ' Some preach Christ of envy and strife ; some also of goodwill ; notwithstanding, every way, Christ is preached ; and therein I do rejoice, yea, and will rejoice.' ' WE gather this month from the Ballarat Churchman, &c;, no _' paragraphs of parochial intelligence of special or striking interest. The season of harvest thanksgivings, election of vestries, and Sunday-school picnics, has 'set in with its accustomed severity,' and such annual incidents in parochial life will soon be things of the past for a twelvemonth to come. We gladly hail in some cases satisfactory balance-sheets and reports. It is invidious to single out instances, but Hamilton, Maryborough, and Brown Hill seem encouraging examples. WARRNAMBOOL ARCHDEACONRY has distinguished '' itself— the one in our five archdeaconries which has ventured to hold already a second Archidiaconal Council meet ing ! The Trustees and Vestries Bill and the Patronage Bill having been settled at the previous session, the business on this occasion appears to have been of a miscellaneous character. There was the Archdeacon's introductory address ; an interesting discussion, fathered by Rev. J. Wagg, with reference to pub lishing a local Church newspaper — a general conversational dis cussion as to whether it was desirable ; and a consideration of the subject of removal of clergymen, which elicited sentiments of a slightly original and novel character. fFHE Bishop has summoned the Assembly of the Diocese to -*? meet on Tuesday, 6bh March. Some of the work to be done at this session is of great importance, especially the amendment of the Trustees and Vestries Act, and the Patron age Act, the latter of which was passed for five years only and will soon cease to be law. We do not give here details of arrangements, as' probably the session will be over ere this issue is in the hands of our readers. ; 