OUR MELBOURNE LETTER. Seated in my magnificently furnished garret, surrounded by all that wealth can produce or furnish, including a gin-case (empty) which I use as a table, and tbe remains of a whiskybarrel (likewise empty) which I employ as a chair, and a brandy bottle before me (the bottle is there, but no brandy), I feel a little uncertain how to begin my new year's letter. Napoleon, in rallying his troops in Egypt, pointing to the Pyramids of Egypt, remarked, " Forty centuries are looking down upon you." Had Napoleon been a journalist he would have said, " I have forty million readers waiting for me." That is the position 1 am placed in. The immense circulation of your valuable journal gives me exactly that number of readers, and I can in the best manner possible wish them prosperity and happiness in the glad new year— peace, clear as the sunshine which floods our noonday sky ; prosperity, firm and enduring as our mountains ; and happiness, buoyant, expansive, and inexhaustible as "the multitudinous seas " which beat upon our island shores. Notwithstanding the fact that tbe Chief Secretary (Hon. Alfred Deakin) is the best speaker in the Assembly, and perhaps in tbe colony, it has to be admitted that his recent extra Parliamentary speech at Newmarket was an out-and-out failure. In fact it reminds one of " the final gasp of a dying gladiator." The present Ministry came in with a flourish of trumpets, and will go out with the drummer in front playing a retreat and the Premier very far in the rear; and Mr. Deakin knows this, and in attempting to defend the Government for the scandalous waste of time during the past session he had to defend a bad cause, and as he is a barrister he came to the conclusion, " We have no case; abuse the plaintiff." Now I am not going to give a resume of the Chief Secretary's speech, nor shall I criti- cise it thoroughly; and I will tell you why I will not do this. I have to be paid a sovereign a line for all I write for this journal, and were I to go into the matter thoroughly it would cost the proprietors about twenty millions sterling, and although I am well aware that theyarequite willing to pay that trifling amount, the editor would not thank me, and the subscribers (who pay in advance) would consign me to a region where you cannot skate on the ice and where snow is worth £50 an ounce. At the same time I will say this, that while Mr. Chief Secretary Deakin has had his say " he has raised an hornet's nest, and after the holidays he may look out for squalls. Mr. Bent at Brighton, Mr. Gannson at South Melbourne, and Mr. Patterson at Castlemaine, will then give the Ministry «' fits," and afterwards, I Buppose, the Premier, or, as he likes to be called, " The Hon. Duncan Gillies, M.P.," will put in a few words; and then—well, then look out for James Service. Brethren, let us proceed to the next business. In the Telegraph the report of the death of the Hon. Sir B. D. Ross, of Adelaide, forwarded by telegram from that city, occupies just four lines, and that, too, some days after the event took place. The sales of real estate in Melbourne and suburbs during the year 1887 reach the enormous total of over £15,000,000 sterling. Of course several of the properties have been sold over and over again. A few months ago a property in the city near the Colonial Bank was sold for £800 per foot. It has recently changed hands for £1150 per foot. A half-acre block close to the Spencer-street railway station was bought in 1886 for £48,000. It is now worth no less than £132,000. In the suburbs land which less than twelve months ago was disposed of for £25 a foot, cannot now be had for four or five times that figure. Some time ago I was offered a block of ground in one of the suburbs for £5 a foot. It was then surrounded by acres of vacant land, with a house here and there. I did not like the prospect and declined the offer. But behold the change now 1 The whole place is now densely populated. A railway station is built opposite the block that might have been mine. There are now three churches, hotels, shops, &c;, and tbe 50ft. that I might have had for £250 is now valued at over £4000. When I pass that way I feel just as happy as a ghost out on a wet night without an overcoat, and when (he she) has no chance to steal an umbrella. "Gooff" clubs, which are very popular at Oldham as agencies for saving money to be shared at the annual holidays have made their division. The total amount saved through these clubs is no less than j£40,000, an increase over last year' but a decrease when compared with 1884, when the amount was over jS60,000. FEES OF DOCXOBS.—The fee of doctors is an item that very many persons are interested in just at present. We believe the schedule for visits is 3.00dol., which would tax a man confined to his bed for a year, and in need of a daily visit, over l,000dol. a year for medical attendance alone 1 And one single bottle of DB. SOULE'S AMERICAN Hop BITTERS taken in time would save the l,000dol. and all the year's BickneBS.— Post. 