PROPHETIC CONFERENCE. The second serifs of aildressi-~ in c':i- nectiou with 'Tile. Second Comi:!_; of r'n-i-! .' were delivered at the Memorial C!ri:-cli yesterday, th-- He v. D. S. Brunton previ'liriii in the afternoon, mid Mr J. L. Smith, r.1' Camboek, in tli-- evening. There was ;i large attendance at both meetings, which were opened devotionallv, accompanied bv readings from the Scriptures. Rev. G. W. Gillings opened the afternoon meeting with ' The Second Coming of the Lord in relation to Israel ' as his subject, prefacing his remarks by reading Acts iii., 11 to 21. Out of the small act of healing, he showed his hearers that the Apostles had by their address drawn away the attention of the multitude from the in struments by whom the act of healing was effected to the source from which their power was derived. There were three pro minent facts in connection with his subject, the call of Abraham, the rejection of Christ by the Jews, and Ilis promised return. I He dwelt on the twofold nature of the pro mise that from Abraham a great nation should spring, and that in his seed all nations should be blessed. He showed that Israel had been born in bondage, had been trained through trial, and confirmed in their power by conflict. That their exist ence as a nation had depended on their oDeaience 10 ijous commanas, ana mat their first great severance from God was when they demanded a king, thus assimila ting themselves to the other nations around them instead of what God bad intended them to be, a peculiar people having Him alone for their King. Reviewing the history of the Jewish nation, he sliowedthat they had never attained tbe full empire promised to Abraham, and that their final decadence ensued when, after crucifying Christ, and thereby rejecting the Son of God, they had afterwards resisted the Holy Ghost. He concluded by stating that the centre work ing of the purpose of God was that Israel should be ' a holy nation to the Lord,' and that when Christ came the second time the whole twelve tribes would be gathered together, and be conformed to that pur pose. The Rev. E. C. Tennent, in dealing with ' The Second Coming of the Lord in rela tion to the world,' took as the basis of his address Daniel ii., 44. He interpreted the vision as relating to the Babylonian and Medo- Persian monarchies — those of Alexan der the Great, and the Greeks and the Roman Empire— the offspring of which, he contended, was still existent among the European nations; and that the stone which was to become the chief corner-stone, and grow into a great mountain, and which was to destroy the image by falling on its toes, the last of the monarchies, was Christ. He pointed out from various portions of Scripture that He had gone but to return ; also, that the vision of Daniel with regard to the four beasts corresponded with that of Nebuchadnezzar. At the evening service, Pastor M'Cul lough spoke on the subject, ' How the hope of the Lord's return should stimulate evangelistic effort.' After a beautiful piece of word painting, showing hew when Christ was on the mount the disciples had been unable to cure a de moniac, but may have comforted the father of the child by saying that Christ would soon come down from the mount, and would be able to carry out what they could not, so the Church at the present day was looking forward to His second coming to complete His work. After specially deal ing with the power of the Mohammedan and Roman Catholic powers, and those of infidelity and other evil powers in the world, he contended that what failure there had been in the work of the Church arose, not from that of the power of the Gospel or the Holy Spirit, but our own human nature. That the teaching of the Gospels did not point so much to a happy state of things being existent in the Church on the second coming of Christ, but that the Church's hope was the second coming of Christ in person. The Rev. G. W. Gillings, in dwelling on the ' chief Characteristic signs of the close of present age,' reviewed them from a social, religious, and political point of view, quoting texts to show how their prognosti cations accorded with the present state of affairs. Pastor Soltau's address, ' How the hope of the Lord's return should influence Christian character,' brought the confer ence to a close. In a quiet, earnest, and well thought out address, he impressed on Christians the necessity of living then lives as they would if they were assured of Christ's second coming occurring within the next 24 hours, rebuking sin where they found it existent, and calling lost sheep into the fold. He specially dealt on tbe Christian's constant necessity for prayer, his entire surrender of his will to God, and his bracing himse'f up to the work before him. The meeting closed with prayer and the benediction by the last speaker. 