There are tricks in all trades-but oars. The man of brass is always ready to show his mettle. " Spodobs Volapuk " is explained to mean " We correspond in Volapuk." It is absurd to say that heir dye does not deoeive anybody. It deceives the mau who uses itt ¿fudge j " Madam, what is your age ? " She : " Tonr Honor"/1 touro that to the mercy of the oourt." . J ? ft.? physician says: "If d ohiif «OS« «ot thrive on fresh milk boil it." Few^ dhifdrétf can stand boiling. Love is like the measles ;< we can have it bad hut once, and the later in life we have it the tougher it goes with ns. v íflislíe» did th« doctor propose to yon to- day f" ''iffy ttamffia« he only asked if you would live with me after I gab ittarrlad." Near-Sighted 'Pedestrian > (fdmilíarlr) i "Hollo, Diok (disoovers mistake).: Oh, oh 1 Excuse ' me, I thought you were ¡another Ïerson I " . 'Stranger ; "Great Scott t Ain't t " . ..? : ? ? ;8he (with emotion) i '' There's Mr. Bangs, the poet j he seems to be all wrapped np in his thoughts." Ho (frèeahigly) j "Yest I think hfl Would look better wrapped up in an Overcoat." ' "? ? ? , Bagley : " Why on earth ara yott Wearing that thin overcoat in this weather, John f ?jffhyj the mercury's below aero t" Bagley fssVoly)! *'jSe» ie my credit, Tom-so is my credit." . An Irish gentleman was applied to. by a crossing sweeper for charity. The "giritle man " replied, " I will remember yon when I return." ' * Please, your honor,"'? «aid the mad; " t (tai reined' by *Le credit I give in that way." ; Nettie tells her engagement wita greet pride to her brother and concludes r Now, don't tell fenyone." Brother (who does not think So well of it) : " Oh ! you needn't be afraid.' Tm'' oe much ashamed of it as you are!*' -. <. .-? . ¡ /?ot( ttever fifed a wofflftfisd economical that fte'will wear^uffipwä gloves ifiítWad of'«'a, simply because elie gets ÖdfC Sid <tfr ths same money.'' v:'' "Talk bf mothers "daw not agreeing," re. j marked'Titmarsk; (<uy'mbther.du<ílaw and I agree.' -She says X might never to have mar. ried hef daughter, and I coinoide with her.«» i dr. ôrêy, ? Iii Öls èruâSté «noV entertaining ¿otes ©n Butter's " HudtbraS,'' 'íreoóircjs the déposition of a lawyer, wW, id tin" éétídn for battery, told thî ; judge that the defendant had beaten hisr client on the head wiftj a cer- tain woodeninstrnment called an iron pestle 1 At a recent Methodist Convention in New Fork a member related » tal» of two l>oya in hito district. A donkey was passing by. " Said one boy to thè Other : " Do yo know What that isí":- "Whyi yea," the oilier answered, " that is a donkey. I have Often seen lots of them in the theological gardens." ! : ' >? ' "I would like aposition ott thc; editorial' staff bf your journal," isald Mr. Slimwit, un- covering his slender head ss hs bowed be- fore the great man. "There is no staff position vacant Just now," said the editor, kindly i "hut I' can give yon a' sheelal assignment." " Tes Î u " Yes. indeedf; add you're just tho mail fof lt!1 Í wattt sbnie-' body to ßass himself dff as an imbecile, and get into the home for feeble-minded tb Write up the'abuses of the' institution. r Ton needn't waste time in training; go justas you are." . Lord Campbell, in his "Lives bf the Chan- cellors," tells us that when he first travelled from Edinburgh to London in the. mail coach, the' time was reduced from twelve to fourteen days-which the journey had pre-' viously occupied-to three nights and two day». " This new and swift travelling from the Scotch capital," he adds, "was wonderful, and I was 'greatly'advised to stop a day or two at York, as. several passengers who had , gone through without stopping had died of apoplexy, from the rapidity cf the motion." j If it were the fashion for men to -wear bustles,: they wouldn't know how to sit down. Another. evidence of woman's superiority. Jones (who catches his paetor out fishing) -'Good morning, doctor. Are yon study- ing theology F Minister-'Yes, ichthy- ology.' , .,- . 'When a nan becomes firmly convinced that he is a genius it is then that the fringe slowly begins to form on the bottom Of his trowsers legs. A youngman wno intended to press his snit first went and had Ids. snit pressed.'. There is a big field for humour in the English language. > Landlord-' Come, Sepp, that is the tenth match I've seen you strike. What have you lost ?.' Sepp-' I'm looking for a m&toh; that Tva dropped on the floor.' * Don't be a f ooV she said with a snap to her husband. ' Why didn't you tell me that when I asked> yon to marry me ?' he replied, and silenoe fell upon that house. This is how a politician got rather, mixed just after an election-' Gentlemen, the' renown of this glorious viotory will re-echo in golden letters through the corridors of the river »f time.' Phrenologist-Your bump of imagination is abnormally large, sir ; you ought to write poetry.'. Poet-' I do write poetry, but yes- terday! took a poem to an editor, and that bump you are feeling now is where he hit me.' . "I hope you will be able to support me," said a young woman, while walking out with her intended during a somewhat-slippery state of the pavement " Why yes," repliod the 'somewhat hesitating swain, " withalittle assistance from your father." ; There was Borné confusion and a profound silenoe. 1 Andjwhateveryou do, (Mary Anne," said Á faying ©ofter to feer nursemaid,as $bB Éter set ont in charge of ber two little fléïl itt iff' vfoik' in the Gardens en a' rainy Apri day, ''doTtlitomy darlings Bit down on tb« wet grass. If they" dre-'tlrffd and want ix rest, yon must sit down your'iSftf ppdh thc grass, and let them sit on your lap." At the barning of a provision shop recently the crowd helped themselves freely. One mani grasped a huge cheese as bis share of the plunder. Hising np with it he found him- self face to face with a policeman, and with admirable presence of mind put the plunder into the officer's arms, saying: "You had better take care of that, policeman,- or some- one Will bo walking off with it." Jk fermat, banker travelling by rail in a Btäi-ääeg àjftkgë towards Vienna hod as a feUew-tfafslieV Hit oil gentleman, who entered into conYttstttion/ and proved Tery agreeable company. The Ékrifcefr" alighted before hiis companion, but bèÎOrê ffóStíg so asked the latter how far he was going*. The gentleman replied " To Vienna." " I have a daughter there, married, and well-to-do ; I stbotfid tíké to giro you a note of introduc- tion herV' " t aim haré a daughter there, married, and* wttlktowlo/' said the other. " Would it be too gida* av liberty to ask the patter*" "Ify daughter,''" thé gentleman replied, "is married to the É¡idpVrof of Austria." It was the old King of Bav*a5r1s1. j An "Inspvctro" (Soene: A Suffolk village ! School. Government Inspeotor examining a j «lass oh the subject bf the Witch of Endor and Samuel's ghost).-Government Inspector: "Well, boys, what did the Witch of Endor think he saw P" (Pause), First boy : "Piase, sir, that wur an apparitions" ' Government Inspector : "Quite right, bat what is an ap patltím í" (Longer pause). Second hoy : " Piase, söf,- thathea spaotor!" Government Inspector : " Tes. yOs> quite right again, So far; but what's a' spectre f'' (Prolonged pause). Bright boy (in a wild falsetto :) " Piase, sur, that bö a gentleman as goo about e^iniätfaealesj" A teacher*, to test th« knowledge of her little pupils upon the godden role, inquired how many of them oonld rdp~äs"# í*. Severa hands went up, and a little boy noted for his activity and brightness was permitted to answer, which he did thus : " Do to others as others dd to yon!" He was told that he was wTongj äud d precise'little miss of a mild and clevey tföpotfttön Wok nett invited to repeat it.¡ flhe èaid StfflSÉly f "Do unto ethers as ye would'that others shoald do «ato yon." The girl sat down in'triumph, bat tbs boy who bad missed with a look ot disgust rarely shown :. by one BO ybang said I should «Uah not I That won't work !" 