an AMERICAN VIEW OF CHESS. To " Harper's Magazine" *0T March Mr. Henry Scdloy contributes an interesting article on "Ciiess in Amenci." He begins With the oareer of Paul Mornliv, whose marvellous achievements "turned the eves of thousands to A pastime to which the.v had given little thought before." Iforphy was the Gar rick or the Edmund Kean o!'cheas, an<l bis advent gave tlie came a stimulus in America *' whose i-ffect has waned at times, bat lias'never dnce ceaspd to be Btronsljr felt," Mr. Sedl-y next traoes In brief oattine the history of the serersl chess ^congresses which have been He'.d in Amcriua during;, the last 30 yean. These meetings promote the cause of the royal came in various ways. "Tb*y tortogftbgcthir for friendlv conflict and compail-ion patera from all parts of the country. They tend to k«ep alivo the clubs and other local Drganiaaiiona Ihat jrii'o atten tion to the game. They refresh*nd ratify the varioui rules and methods that pertain to it; and as it is tne custom to publish a ' Booh of the Conjrnss' » hieh records its proceedings, the game* p!ayed in its tournaments, and other cognate mattis* a valuable addition is thus made from time to tioie to the body of chess literature." , Thus the last 30 yean have witnessed in Ameri a what Mr. Scdley ^characterises .as.#-. " renaissance of chess." The number of newtjiapers that assign regular spice to the game has largely increased. Chess clubs have been iestabMslied in many W the American cities and toxns and village*, wherein .'the fire before the altar ofCaissa is never .offered to stow cold." The Chess dub of New Orleans, as befits the birthplace of Paul Morphy, leads the van with a roU of 700 jnembers. 2he Manhattan Chest Club.of New York follows with 200, thcKew York Cheac dub his 150; the Brooklyn Chess Olub has 100, the Boston Chess club has the same number, and there are scores bf other clubs in which the rolls ot membership are entailer, but in which the practiced the game is more or lest actively jwiwued. Kevertheieu, it must-be confessed that in eojne quarters, at least, the ire belore the altar of CaUsa "bad. burned of late rather low." A recent event, however, "has caused it to blaze - up with all its former radiance." The event to which' Ur. Sedley refers is the winning by Captain Mackenzie of the first prize at the- Frankfort International Ghfcas Congress of 18S7. It ii the first occasion on which thii dis tinction has fallen to * representative of American chess.. Doub'lera Paul Morphy might have defeated all comers at an International Chess Congrrss. As a (natter of fact, however, he never entered his name at one, and Csptsin Mackenzie, who it a Scotchman by birth, is the " first American" who has won the first Erize at such » sathcriojc of chess masters, and who as thus carried off the title ot " Chess Champion cf the World." Mr. Sedlcy briefly traces the chess career of Captain Mackenzie. This began in 1858, and culminated, after numerous minor successes, in bis crowning achievement at Frankfort last year. "1 he champion has not snatched his laurel by the grace of any freak ft fortune. He has not climbed in at the cabin windows. Uis success has been gained rather as the fruit of long: and patient effort" Mr. Scdley remarks that it is foreign to tne purpose of his essay to enter upon a discussion of the comparative merits of Paul Morphy and ^Captain Mackenzie or an v other chess-players. As a matter, of . fact, however, there is no parallel bctneen Captain Mackenzie's ' unique triumph." which he has achieved at the age w 50, and the "meteoric rise" of Paul Morphy-the callow boy with beardlcBs cheek who' ocliused the greybeards, and bore off the wreaths and paitne from the strongestvxperts of Europe." Thereisrathertoomuchof "spread-eagleum "in Sir ..ei l!r'e,renCes5f^,ie «?«erof CkpBih Mackenzie as a chess player. Otherwise the essay, though brief, fo a welcome addition to chess literature. For local consumption, Its most voidable portion Is the con cluding naze, in which some hints us offered as to chess culture, and as to the formation and conduct "® c'te this page in extenso. ie?j8 a.VsMr.Sedlcy, .*or.morestrijtlv, iDt0 '*«hion by Morphy, be came almost a erase. , Folk of both sexes, of *11 ages, b^u .1,l?2^l,paVOD- ^ou*ht bowd» *"a hand' books, and set themselves to the study of the pieces and squares.- Chess dubs were tonaedtH ever? direction, and. some of, them have continued to V>41 *a< hotSSS^SfKarl? sbAmhl i°u»etlung more than temporary enthu .ucl> organisations wai essential to thelr per To ®n dubspoats money and although chess clubs are not so expansive as seianS *v^,tl,ey P.eoa toswnewipi far. Mow mm seldom care to continue to pay tnoneylftr that which eie!tPmer !nterest? thon1, *n'1 -aftcr the first fluslrvf excitement over.its noyeltjv jeven, the king of lames Sen°it SZ'Mr 1UT tt^thSlrre; low M nn-ILu *hHe putting annual dues as at the £???!?& tojret members to pledge themselves . t0 * ""t**1 permanency. tive anlilk^i8eJlvli?3ouV**Lfn,aco dub-rooms attrac seeiif n? fi chess-tables. This was one great bccani'o fi!"« WM publio subscription club, sons man v iVu°,?ite * >«*. number of peri britiei. it ?. ,^°m wor«In their various wa)ks oele PeSed ^,0re0vf '.W d«inWe-iomo ex size-to ^ »».v lodUpeniablf to a dub of any pl&vers; «f i, constant ittmdiiKw ono or tuoro to rnert .iiacknow,K0d forc« w>d reputation S Such" persons are not only teachers! Tim t *1. ?9°® M umpires aiid Instrument in % ,MwiAy was chiefly tions bf vLi^Si0*upJ*1® exceptional propor lonXS^TL^b?* Club 3(r.BUtoCSra, addition to 4owMVPwk!> «uVf,'London- In ppUed frith i as circum ie objeoted, ,i the money nedifferenlM 'ffctofw urn amenta, ..problems, cofrespondents®, and chess i femtttre. fChess cAribs&rittot; afford fcb go to Bleep, drowsv- as wine Min'appreftiativ-e souls, find their diversion. . A .signal instance in point is to be; found in the fate o!, the old Kew York Chess Olub. With all its fame. and ita " hallowed memories, the organisation died of-'dr.v-rot for want of the energy that (night have vitalised and in vigorated it. towards the end it became the ghost of ita former self, and ilnatlypissed away like an ex halation. It war practically moribund before, and when those excitant men and enthusiastic chess players, Messn. Haintln, Thompson, and Uead, had played their lart games, the club they had eo long sustained alio euroeued. It is manifestly proper to remember, in considering the number And member ship of chess clubs, that these constitute only a partial measurement of the practice of chess in any community. Added to the amount of pUy in domestic Jife outside of such bodies, a great deal of chessgoes on in general clubs, such as the Union ( league in New York, where active interest is taken in the game. " As a final suggestion touching: (he settling up and maintaining the healthful life of clubs for chess, it may be pointed out that a combination with the praotioe of other games has sometimes worked well. Such an arrangement is specially adapted to fmall places where toe number of available chess players is few, and where, by bringing j in the players of, checkers, and perhaps whist, the club may. be | increased in number without discouragement of the tastes of any persons concerned. Even in large cities this plan has been adopted with satisfactory results, the Westminster Club, of l£ndoii, ettablished for the joint practice of chess and whist, having had a long and flourishing career, the friend* of each gun? being often equally devoted to the other." ?With regard to this final recommendation, it comes very naturally from An American writer. Be knows that there are several cases in America in wliieh the devotees of " cliess and checkers" manage to? work ' in harmony ; and some -instances, also. In . which cbcis <|>!ayejs, jwJtist players, Snd , checker players .-liav,a agreed -to house liemseiver Twdero the1 same roof.; in' Wcl boutae, however, th'e-- crldeneeof .past expeiicnce-ls <nr*inBt-the- proi«bilityof-8u«tK5o-oper»t4onbeinif successful. Past experience his shown that when the experiment hii beth tried'of admitting more thin one pamd'ijiloa club, IhemostaoientiGo of the permitted pastinies Jiasbeen apt to 'gb to the wall. We caaMe no#U(BcientreaJO)i for- this result; and we niayTie alroweB fo lfbpe*UiatiridllVtihie federa tlonun tho-aoieBtifiorindoor spiuaemenWmayJie^ne of Che outcomes'of ttt# feaeraWeiliug'whlch is iiow. in the air of Australasia. 