CHRISTMAS NUMBER OF THE OBSEKFJSB, The OHBIBTMAS NUMBER of the ADELAIDE OBSERVER will be pub- Tished on SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22. The contents of this number will be such as to nnlnUIn the high character and popularity which the CHRISTMAS OBSERVER has enjoyed for so many yean. The reading matter will consist largely of tales by Australian writers, bat several specially appropriate stories from the pens of English authors have been secured. There will also be a special budget of Poetry, Generalities, Riddles, Puzzles, Charades, &c.; Among the literary attractions will be the following:— " An Australian Galatea." A story of Exploration and Strange Discovery, by Heron Shaw, whose previous contributions to the Christmas Numbers of the Observer have been so much appreciated. "MlssNomer's Nonsense." A tale with a very novel plot, by E. D. Cleland. " Fleetwood's End. ' The story of two Christmas Eves, by 1 Miss Adeline Sergeant, author of "Jaoobi'a Wife" (published in the Obmvtr and Journal), " Under False Pretences," &c.;, &c.; * The Black Moss Mystery." A Christmas 1 mining story, by Monk Foster, author of "A Poor Man's Tragedy," "Judith's Romance," Carbhester's Vengeance," and MA Miner's Million," now being published in the Journal and Observer. "The Falling Cross. Two Christmas Days," by Ichor. "The Strange History of a Christmas Can)," by Lindsay Bemoan, author of "MissDainty," "Up the River," "For Mab," Ac. "Bis Certificate of Freedom." An Australian story, by Alex. Morrison. " The Ghost of the Prinoe Rupert," by M. Gaunt. " An Australian Ghost Story," by M.P. " In addition to those attractions a HANDSOME COLOURED PICTURE will be presented with each oopy. This is entitled, « THE LAST IN THE MARKET," and is by MT. RALP* HXDLBT, the wellknown North of England Artist. Mr. Hedley Is a native of Northumberland, and his jointings are well known for their marvellous troth to life and the naturalness of their local colour. Mr. Hjpdley Is a constant exhibitor at the Royal Academy, and is also a well-known exhibitor at the Royal Institute of Watereolonrs, and obtained first medal at the Kennell Club's Exhibition of Do Pictures In 1882. The scene depicted In our Coloured Illustration Is one well known to visitors of the Bigg Market, Newcastle-on-Tyne. The Carrier, whoSe Covered Cart fills the picture, has probably oome Iran one of the many wide districts still untouched by railways. In the early morning he wended his way over many a distant bleak Northumbrian Moor to the busy city an Tynesida. His dog keeps faithful watch over.his young master, who deeps whilst awaiting the return of the Carrier, who la the last to leave the Market-plaoe. fit the left-hand corner Is seen the graceful crown of St Nicholas's Cathedral. 