Cricket. .. Union v. Windsor. — A two-day onoountor between thcso senior clubs was commenced on' the Toowong Sports Ground, on Saturday after- . noon, tlio wcathor being fine and the wickot in fair. order.- Hitchcock us usual ouptuinod the' TTnionSi On the other hand tho Windsors woro ? led by H. Chapman. ' Tho WiudBors woro tho first to bat, tho game starting about a quartor ''''.' past' 3 o'clock. Thev mado no stand whutevor ' uyainst tho bowling of Qoninghum and Per kins, and thoir last wicket fell with tho scoro at 44 W. Symes, who made 10, did'not bat up . to his usual standard. Tho batting of Hagan wan' a decided improvement on hia recent per formances, and it was quito. refreshing to seo the vigorous manner in which ho played for , his contribution of 21. Conirighain took five , ' -wickets for 21, and .Perkins two for 10. Tho Unions sent in W. Voller uudE. Hutton to open tho attack. Tho score was quickly takon to 30, Voller especially putting on tho wood andmaking several hits over tho truokfor'' 4. ? At 48 Dorse-It took tlio ball from Jones, and A. Houghtuu relieved Symes, who hud boon bowling very well from the ettut without success. Tho uavr' . bowlers failed to bting about a separation, and tlio batsmnn were pretty hursh on them. At 81 Button drove Hagan to long-off, whuro Walker was stationed, but tho fieldsman again dropped tho leather. Hutton had mado 32 at this time. At 87 Fisher took tho ball from Hagan, and in the very first ovor ho clean bowled Voller with a splendid ball. Voller played a splendid innings, without a blemish, and his score of 50 was well merited. E. ' Gregory followed, but failed to scoro, boing nlso clean bowled, by Fisher for 0— two for 06. H. Perkins now joined Hutton, and b:ittod I in fine form. At 134 Perkins fell a victim to Fisher, who was bowling extremely well. PerkinB played a nice game for his 24, without giving the ghost of a ohdnco. T. Hughes partnered Hutton, and tho scoro was advanced to 149, when tho stumps were drawn for tho day, Hutton being not out 59, and Hughes, not out, l'. Despite the two chances urged , against Hutton, one of which was diflicult, ho batted in tlio most approved fashion. Tho following ie an analysis of tho boiv ling so far : W. Symes, no wicketa for 28 ; 'W. Hagan, none for 28 ; E. Jones, none, for 11 ; Dorsctt, ? none for 13 ; A. Houghtou, nono for 12 ; W. Fisher, 3 for 31 ; H. Chapman, nono for 17. The game will bo continued next Saturday. OuMeld v. Path, Henderson, Bartholomew, and Co. — A two-duys' mutch between tho abovo clubs was commenced at Bulimba, on Saturday, each sido so far having an innings each, and judging from the score a close finish is to bo expected. ' Wt Clark captained Datli, Henderson, Bartholomew, and Co., and . S. Sampson the Oakleighs. Duth, Henderson, Bartholomew, and Co. going in first on , a good matting wicket mudo 100, tho principal scorers being Armstrong with 28, Cirilk 19, Wyatt 18, and Louergau 13. Clark was caught by Sampson off M'Gregor's first over before he had scored, cut for somo reason the umpire gave him not out, this being the only decision that did not give satisfacti -n. Al'Gregor secured tbreo wicketa for 24, Morau three for 12, Robert Doran one for 32, and Tregurtha nono for 32. Tho Oakfields in their first innings made 113, of which Moruu made 40 (not out), Eobert Dorun, 14, Hunter and M'Grcgor 13 each, Sampson 12, and rJailev 11. The Oakfields batt«d one man short, but Bath, Henderson, Bartholomew, and Co. kindly allowed them a substitute in the field. Moran was bowled by Hootou when ho was 15, but the bail was not displaced. Hooton secured five wickets for 31 runs, Armstrong ono for 12, Pureell one for 23. Newall one for 2S, und Clark nono for 15. Tho game will bo resumed next Saturday. ' St. John's v. Melbourne. — A mutch was played in South Brisbane between tho abovo nuroed clubs, and resulted in a win for the former by 6 runs. ? Tho St. Johns' soorcs wero 1 3 and 'i 'I , of which Whalley contributed 20, R. Giles 8, and G. Syo 7, to tho opponents' 50, tl.us leaving tho St. Johns the winners. R. Giles and J. Whalley wero tho most successful bowlers for tho winners. 