-Pail JUtaK..; .;;, T n l . - — .- — TOPICS OF THE DAT. [From our Special Correspondent.] London, January 12, 1S88. Before finally closing the record of her Majesty's jubilee year it may be well to glance briefly over one or two features not likely to have been touched on in the colonial press, but vet of considerable general interest. In the first place, then, 1887 has been a year of many deaths. ' Never before in this century,'1 says Lord 'have so many distinguished and familiar actors been withdrawn from the bills of the comedy of life.' He proceeds to give an appalling list which ia far too long to quote. The following names -will, however, indicate clearly enough the truth of the allegation : — Lord Jddeslelgh, Lord Lyons, Lord Northwick, Mr. BereE ford Hope, the Duchess of Norfolk, the Duke and Duchess of Leinster, the Duchess of Richmond, Lady Murch, Lady Brassey, Lord and Lady Dalhousie, and 13 other less known members of the peer age. Also, Jenny Lind, lira. Henry Wood and Mis. Craik, Sir Owen Lanyon, SirChae. Young, Sir Alex. Stuart, Sir J. yon Baast, Sir Francis Bolton, Sir William Miller, George Fordham (the jockey), and Miss Kate Munroe. Eighty-five and eighty-six were both memorable for colossal social scandals. Last year there was not a single one. Murders, too, have, from a journalist's point of view, been curiously scarce. I do not of course mean that there were fewer terrible tragedies in low life than usual during the pass twelve months, but that we have god been startled, or shocked, or tittilated, or scandalised (as the case may be) by many causes celebres. Till Surgeon-Major Cross made that little mistake with his wife's medicine ' at Hurlow Hall Mr. Stead's protege Lipski had the honor of being our champion jubilee murderer. America supplied the two great social 'lions' of 1887 in ' Buffalo Bill ' and Sullivan, the prize fighter. I may remark here just by the way, that the storias going about relative to the Prince, of Wales's Interview with the beefy Yankee are purely apocryphal. H.R.H. merely puc in a casual appearance at a semi- private fencing club, of which he is a member, and at which Sullivan had been engaged to do a little 'sparring.' He neither shook hands with the prizefighter nor addressed a direct word to him. Those who knew H.R.H.'s rigid notions of etiquette disbelieved the story from the first. It has since been pretty thoroughly contradicted. I believe, though, It is a fact that an early account of the great encounter between Smith and KUraln did by some mischance find its way over the Queen's private wire to Windsor. Whether sent as a joke or^through a blunder no one seems to know, but the contretemps made endless mischief. The message was of course suppressed, but the truth reached the Queen's ears through Lady Ely, who practically ' bosses7' the' Court when in residence. The Prince of Wales and her ladyship are not on terms. When John Brown died his Royal High ness hoped. that his mother would turn to the proper person, Sir Henry Ponsonby,' for advice, &c;, and it was a bitter dis appointment to him to see her give her self over body and soul to a meddlesome old woman. An interesting If not very instructive correspondence upon 'Luck' has been passing through the columns of the Daily Telegraph during the last few days, in the course of which a number of queer coincidences have been unearthed. Talk ing of unlucky days, for example, a correspondent points out that the 14th of December must certainly be a day* of ill omen for our Royal family. It was, you may remember, on the 14th of December' the Prince Consort died; the 14th of December when the Prince of Wales lay sick unto death (bis worst day) of .typhoid: fever; the 14th of December wfien Princess Alice died ; and, finally, the iM1 of December when the worst IpoMi bllity with regard to the Crown PjrinSeV throat disease was discovered and dls-? closed by Morell Mackenzie. The late Captain Gray, of the old s s. Great 'Britain, had an unlucky day,' in, which he firmly believed. I was a passenger with him in 1872, when he told me about it. It was this way . One night at dinner I thought the old man looking' uncharacteristically gloomy, and said so. . ' To-morrow,' he explained, ' is my un lucky day. Something more or less un pleasant (generally moie) invariably hap pens upon it. One year I ran the old ship on the bar at Liverpool, and nar ' rowly escaped wrecking her. Another we encountered the worst storm I ever remember off the Horn, audvi^hafc .. was no joke. Another I suffered5- a : \ domestic bereavement; and so'-iton*' ' ' Sometimes it has only been a tiiflSiig\:; disagreeable. But there is always some thing.' We passengers laughed, and chaffed the old fellow for being so Seotchly superstitious. Next morning, however, when the captain's favorite1 apprentice, a bright clever lad, slipped or grew giddy whilst aloft, and fell upon the iron tank a mangled corpse almost at our own and the Bkipper's feet a very different' feeling prevailed. That at least was a most unlucky day. The following year, I think, either on the same day or close upon it, poor Captain Gray himself dis appeared — shot overboard through a large main- deck scupper, by a roll of the ship it is generally believed. An event happened one day last week which is worth taking a brief note of, viz , the Times celebrated its 100th birth day. Amongst journalists of the Stead type (of whom there are far too many at present) it is the fashionable thing to decry the erstwhile 'Thunderer of Printing House- square' and pooh-pooh its influence. I was doing something of the sort the other day when an older man (also a journalist) caught me up thus : — 'Think for a minute,' he said, ' and you will see you are talking nonsense. Com mercially the Times has never been a greater success than it is now. Its charges are prodigious, yet its advertisement columns increase in numbers con stantly, and always overflow. Send an advertisement in on Monday, it will not be published till Thursday unless by special arrangement at a stiff figure. Editorially, perhaps, the Times is not what it was in John Delane'a time. Yet it wakes up occasionally, and then what a stir it makes ! The PaU Mall Gazette' might have said the same things ten times over about the Parnellites without raising a hundredth part of the public feeling the limes did. Abuse the Thunderer though we may, we most of us feel we can rely upon it in essentials. Caution and strict veracity are the editorial watchwords. What other newspaper is there that can with a paragraph damn a book or shake the credit of a public company ? Not one. Moreover, the Times is the one journal universally read by the country squire archy and landed gentry of the United Kingdom. Londoners are apt to forget this. One seldom sees a penny paper in a small country house. The Times, the Field, and the Queen (for the ladies) are the staple periodical literature.' Per sonally I don't altogether agree with these views, but I thought them shrewd enough to be worth remembering. Some sensation has been caused in Con servative coteries by a distinctly acid leader in the Standard challenging Lord Rowton with regard to the long- promised biography of the Earl of Beaconsfield. Seven years, it is noted, have rolled by since the great man died, and Lord Row ton undertook the- task of arranging his Mend and patron's memoirs, yet bo far as anyone can ascertain the work is not. even in an advanced condition. Why? Can It be, asks Mrs. Grundy, that there are secrets whichcannotbedivulged, myatertflB' that cannot yet be solved, or scandals the handling of which must be remitted {ala Greville memoirs) to amore distant period ! Sorely not. If Disraeli was for a time a Bohemian and an adventurer, his social life was at least eminently jespeObatte. Even the Steads of the period hesitated to associate his name with social scandal, though, they flung every other sort of mud at Mm, Unquestionably Lord Rowbon ?will shortly have to give some account of his stewardship. Since 1881 many of the dead Earl's warmest admirers hare fol lowed him to the grave ; indeed, it now begins to look as If the generation which knew him best was not to have the pleasure of reading his life. Lord Rowton, his friends declare, has good reasons for this strange dilatori ness. One is Bald to be the impossibility of publishing the Beaconsfield correspon dence during the Jingo period (1870 to 1880) till the Queen and Mr. Gladstone have departed this life. I doubt, how ever, if there Is really any difficulty about thifi. The more probable solution of the delay is that Lord Rowton finds the task he undertook beyond him, yet hesitates to confess the fact. The death iB announced at an advanced age of Mr. W. N. Chippendile ('Old Chip'), whose clever^wlfe is so well-known In your part of the world. He was a prominent member of the Haymarkeb Company for upwards of 20 years, and associated with all Buckstone's notable successes. He created numerous parts during this period, but the characters in which he excelled were Sir Peter Teazle and Sir Anthony Absolute. So thoroughly were these two old gentlemen soaked into 'Old Chip's' system that when some years back his mind gave way. he became permanently sometimes one and some times the other. I saw him last in Shef field in 1876 playing old English comedy with his wife, Mr. Howe, and others. He got through the 'School for Scandal' admirably, but the following night in the ' Road to Ruin' memory played him so false but that for others' help the perfor mance must have broken down. Marie Bastia's name will not sound fami liar to your readers, but she was a notable prima donna in her own country (Italy), and believed by the Italians, who knesv not Adellna Patti or Marie Roze, to be the best living representative of 'Aida,' She played this role so often and so successfully that, like poor old Mr. Chippendale, she grew almoBt to live the part. Then came a terrible misfortune. Just as Madame Bastda had been engaged to sing in London she permanently lost her voice. Having amassed a large fortune most women would not in her circumstances havebeeninconsolable. Unfortunately poor Marie BaBtia's heart was broken by the blow, and her mental balance completely overthrown. Dismissing her servants she costumed herself as Aida, and then locked herself up In the cellar to die of hunger and cold, as Aida did in the opera. Most women would soon have tired of such a scheme. Madness gave Marie Bastia the moral courage to persevere, so that when her relatives broke into the cellar on New Year's Ere they found her lying in Aida's well-known pose — quite dead. The most notable facts in connection with the burning of the Grand Theatre ab Islington are (1) that the mischief originated as usual in the flies, and (2) that although constructed entirely of fireproof material and on the latest approved principles the building burnt as fast and fiercely as though mere lath and plaster. Two hours earlier the house was filled from ftoor to ceiling with an audience numbering 3,000 odd. What would have occurred had an alarm been given then one hesitates to think. My own impres sion Is it will sever be possible to make a large theatre absolutely safe. Drury Lane has exits Innumerable, but if a scare broke dot doting pantomime time nothing could prevent a proportion of the thousands jammed in the pit and gallery, or even dress circle and stalls, being crushed to | death. The other evening when I was there four out of the five principal aisles in the stalls were choked with chairs. The authorities take endless pains re extra doors, &c.;, yet seem to close their eyes to overcrowding. No doubt it Is a ticklish difficulty to tackle. The Grand Theatre was burnt down before, when known as the Philharmonic. The -present lessee did not carry it on very extensively, yet 300 persons are thrown out of employment by the stoppage of the pantomime. I am told that if anything happened to the big show at Drury- lane dose upon 2,000 per sons would suffer. Mr. Augustus Harris b not having things all his own way this year. I have not seen it yet, but I hear 'Jack -and the Beanstalk,' at Covent Garden, runs a dead heat with 'Pass in Boots,' even if it is not superior to that somewhat over-gorgeous production. The funny 'panto' of the season Is, as often happens, across the water, at the old fashioned Surrey Theatre. This is the time of (he year when the owner of a racing stud, with a view to coming entries, tries the youngsters for whom he gave so many hundreds or thousands at auction last summer. Need less to say, it often proves a season of most doleful surprises. One hears, for example, that a batch of Mr. Abingbon'a yearlings, for which he gave an aggregate of 7,000 guineas, were shortly before Christmas easily beaten by a second-rate Belling plater that was conceding them two stone. Of course this is very bad; yet some of those youngsters may and probably will win races next autumn. All the trial may mean Is that they won't come on early. Reports from Newmarket con cerning recent yearling trials are, however, generally bad, and such rich stakes as the Brocklesby at Lincoln and the Hyde Park Plate should not take much winning. To show how poor early two-year- dd form usually is I may mention that the principal winner at Lincoln last spring had been beaten at home by a selling plater which was sold at auction at die same meeting for £120. The highest known trial of a yearling is that of EcosBuls who startled Tom Jennings in November by doing a big thing with Blenheim (I think it was), then almost king of the T.Y.C. Unfortunately illness prevented the colt's appearance till Ascot, when it smothered a big field for the New Stakes. M. Lefevre thought he had the classic race3 of 1874 in his pocket, but the colt proved to be only a five furlonger. The Bard was highly tried as a yearling, but Ormonde failed when asked a question about the same time ; hence the lattet's late debut. Betting is at a standstill and will continue so until the middle of January, when the weights for the Spring Handicaps are due. Hiss Braddon's new novel is entitled 'The Fatal Three,' and contains, lam told, an Incident in the fust chapter suffi ciently exciting to stimulate the interest of even the most languid reader. On the same date Mr. Wm. Black's long- promised 'Strange AdventureB of a Houseboat' was started in the Illustrated London News. In this story we are again to see much of the delightful 'Queen Titania,' of 'Strange Adventures of a Phaeton.' Two artists have been engaged for some months past making sketches on the Thames to work np into illustrations, and . everything possible will be done to make ihe tale the author's chef d'ceuvre. Of the new serial stories in the January magazines W. E. Morris's «? Chris,' in 2lfacmaia»'s,-andMiasFothergill's ' From Moor Isles,' in Temple Bar, promise best. Tbe latter, as at present conducted, is a most admirable collation of mixed read Ing. Macmillan's, by-the- way, contains a ? whimsical little story by Mr. F. Ansfcey in which the troubles of a noted ghosts collector's heir are amusingly set forth. There is also a ready powerful short tale called ' The Statement of Gabriel Foote, Highwayman,' by Q. (the author of 'Dead Man's Rock,' now being pub lished in your Express and Clironide) In Longman's for January. Chambers' s Jour nal contains the final instalment of 'Richard Cable, Ligbishipman,' the most eccentric and least successful of the three novels Mr. Baring Gould wrote last year. Mr. Grant Allen will supply Giambers with fiction during '88. His new story is entitled ' This Mortal CoiL' A great surprise has been occa sioned by the discovery that the remark able novel known as ' The New Anti gone' is by an obscure Roman Catholic priest. Recall the plot, and you will easily understand what I mean. To give a fillip to the sale of 'King Solomon's Mines ' an illustrated edition is being issued. Up to the present 56,000 copies of this work have been disposed of. Some of you may not be aware (though you will recognise the truth of the fact the instant I mention it) that a popular educational book is the most profitable literary property an author or publisher can possess. Of Todhunter,'s Algebra alone no fewer than 120,000 copies are sold per annum, and what Dr. Wm. Smith's royalties amount to I shouldn't like to say. Occasionally authors of the scholastic type get woefully done by their publishers. I heard only the other day of a poor French master who sold for £25 a conversation manual which turns in the publisher a steady £300 a year. When the little volume became a success he made an ad miserkor diam appeal for better terms. After much demur the publisher conceded another £25. Different this to the action of Caeeells, who, after paying Rider Haggard a thumping sum, conceded a substantial royalty on every copy of his book sold. 