BLIZZARD. EXP HtlENGE. (By an American.). Of all the worse than worthless out .growth of t^e worthless' North Pole, an American winter is the worst. It is the double distilled essence of eternal hatred, savage revenge and spiteful vonom boiled in one pot and served cold.. The bitterest foe; the most relontless tyrant and clad in the most impenetrable armour a. man ever tried to pierco. By Croaar's-bald headed ghost, I swear that if I ever meet it inhuman form I will—ptobubly run from it, like I did this time. My friends say, that if ever they catch' me in a sobor mood, they will present me with a leather medal. They should have been with ms in Dakota, three years ago ; for if they had, I would now be the pos-1 sessor of that trophy. Sober? That is not the word at all! I was dormant,'yet felt the sting, ... On the fifteenth of January, some lime about noon, we made the final stick.' We were all the morning coming eight miles; aud during this time, of course, had. told all the glories we knew, sung alll the songs and eaten' all the lunch. Yes, we were stuck; a blind man could see that. A drift of snow higher than the engine lay ecrenely in front o) us, glistening like a bank of diamonds as the fitful win ter sun shone, on it, while the projecting mass, clinging to the windward side of the cut behind us, dropped by way of com pliment to our position. Eight miles to the Junction, eight miles to Sioux Falls—might just as well have been two thousand miles from no where. Nobody spoke ; and if they had no one would have heard them, for the air was filled with the cries of women and groans from the stronger sex. All that long afternoon and through that longer night, I fought for my turn at the stove, and after gaining it, could only burn my olothing without producing the least sehsatiou of comfort. To make the situation more dreary the wind whistled about the car with that mono tonous song of fury and hurled the snow apoinst tha windows until the view to the windward was entirely cut off. Sick and disgusted we wrapped our Belvos as well as we could and curled up in the seats, not daring to more lest we Bhould discover some member frozen. Our situation about midnight, was if possible, made more pitiable by the the puny supply of oil giving out and though the conductor kindly gave us a lantern, it only sorvad, to our immagiaation, the the place of the dull yellow glimmer of a watch light over the dead. Though 1 live to be a thousand, I will never foiget that night; and with it X always boo the accompanying picture of a poor little tortured face uplifted to mine, and hear the sad words, " Mister, my mamma won't spoak to mo, 1 think she must be dead." She was j poor woman I Clad in the meagre garb ol poverty, with hor cold white face and open eyes turned towards the rising! sun, sho lay as life had left her, with a smile on liar {ace, bespeaking plainer than words, tho merci ful dream that accompanies freezing. Tho storm lmd then abated. Three others and myself, grown desperate by the night's experience and loaned oourage by the dispersing clouda and the rising sun, climbed to the top of the embinkmont and soanned the desert of snow. Yes, there was a thin column of smoke ascend ing from what seemed to be n drift of Bnow. With 0:10 accord wa pushed for ward, falling, scrambling through the snow, and finally gained the " 6od cabin" of a.poor German imui.grant. Be was induced to diive us to Sioux Palls, in consideration, of what seemed to him, a small fortune. Once th.ro, aid was despatched to the ill fated train, wliila tve wore well cared for nnd rubbed until our joints oould perform their duty. J*o, I am not fond of an American winter, and when the intensity of four such seasons are condensed into as many hours and hurled through the uir under tho cloak of a blizzard, 1 am morally ceitaiu I will not bo there to recoive it. Amcrica is a great and prosperous country. It shices like a star among the countries of the world to-day ; it ".s my native land and I lovo it; but "justice must be done, though the heavens fall," sad I must say its winters ure abominable. B. E. TOBACCO.— Disson mid Sons Tob»cco Fao ory Seo photographs all Uuilway St&tiono; ousumes tho great bulk of tho American left! nported into Now South Wales. They pro Iucu more tobacco than ary other Southern Victory. Brandt ure VankeG Doodle, Con |uoror, Sir RoRor, Champion Aro.nutio. Dix ioiib Cut*but alio Chcapor iirands.—A»vx • 