ptcraturc. THE A USTRALIAN RACE* The several relationships of the natives of Australia, in their social intercourse are of five kinds : first are those of the family : second, of the tribe; third, between asso ciated tribes ; fourth, of Deighbonra who be long to different associations; aud fifth, which e&ist; between persona not indnded in the above headings. Consideration of the sys tem of polity embracing these is very sug gestive. In the family the husband is an autocrat, who rules more by fear than lore. His wife £b his chattel, whom he may knock about aa he chooses, so long as he does not kilt her. He can BWap her for another woman, or lend her to a friend. A haaband is restrained from killing hie wife, because her brothers or kindred would be avenged on hia tribe. They might not kill him, but they might dispose of one of his companions, and then he would be made a d comfortable. It is not always, however, a woman's friends risk their own lives to avenge her deatn. The father decides whether a newly-born babe shall live or die. In their myall or wild state blacks find Little children cumbersome, because they hare always to be ready to flee from enemies. The husband never carries theehild, and wh-n the mother has a little toddler she must either sacrifice it or the wee stranger : she cannot scud through the bush with both. The father says which is to die, and the poor motuer, with all her tender feel ings wrong, must seek a secret spot and t.ke its life. The father disposes of his daughters: such a thing as the sentiment of love is uot re garded of any account. The tribal relation ship* are governed by the special laws of each tribe j and if a man violates these he mnst cat and ran, or fight his fellows— be killed in short. A strong feeling of brotherhood exists among the mm of each tribe. Then tribes enter into offensive and defensive treaties ; they do not readily fight with each other. and unite their forces in times of peril. Families of associated tribe* pay visits to each other ; when they quarrel they fi jht fa-r, in daylight, and do not resort to stratagem ; marriages take place between them, aud when parties meet they hold a corroboree. The fourth relationship — that of associations to s— orrntiom— is of an equivocal character. When parties meet they make a display of good feeling, and occasionally exchange wires and daughters, but the least thing raises a quarrel, and tets the spears flying. They pntiee witchcraft against each other, ai they fear to live in open hostility continually. Those who are entirely strangers, regard each other as declared enemies, and seek each other1, lives, a blackfellow, who invades the territoryof a strange tribe, takes his life in his hand, unless he be accompanied by white men, and even then he is net safe. The land is held in common by the members of a tribe, though sometimes it is divided into portions each held by one man. Boundaries are not marked. When a father dies bis sons inherit : woman cannot be landholders, In the event of a man dying childless his land — which may amount to several thousand acres— belongs to the tribe. Land-holding, however, Mr. Cut thinks is a survival from other times, 'and leads to the inference that the ancestor* of the race had been cnltiva.tors of the soil, prior to their landing in this con ttnent.' As to other sorts of property, such as weapons, implements, ornaments, and so forth, they belong to the individual possessors. The women, however, make their own dflly bags, ftc, and a husband dare not destroy or dispose of them. Tbe numerics! strength of tribes is v financed by circumstances. U here fool and water are abundant one may hare five hundred members ; in starvation quarters the tribe may not contain more than five and twenty individuals. Though men must marry each ont of his own tribe, tbe women always count kin with their parental tribe. The devices to which the natives of different tribes have resorted to secure the absence of blood relationship between persons marrying, are very curious and complex The women bear, on an average, six children, bat, aea rule, they only rear two boys and one girl. The children are kindly treated. .When he is about eight years of age the boy's educa tion is commenced* and he is taught tribal lore, and impressed with ideas of sorcery and witchcraft. At that age the little lad leaves his father's and drank the weak concoction. Wars among tribes were occasioned by the injury of a member of one tribe by another ; by tbe ab duction of a woman ; by the refusal of one promised in marriage ; by hunting on neigh bours* land, &c.; The hostile forces usually met in battle array, and went for each other with epear, and club, and boomerang. When several of the men had been seriou-ly wounded, tbe women rusbed in and stopped the fighting. Not infrequently, after all va- over, the warriors danced and sang at n'ght in a grand corroboree. When strange tribes went to war the members made midnight slew their eaemivs. A stroDg tribe will thus extirpate or scatter a weak one. There are several widel--epread modes of burying the dead. When a man dies he is made into a compact corpse. Hie limbs are doubled up against his body. Hia head is forced between his knees ; his arms are laid flat along his aides. When thus prepared the body is wrapped in skin rugs or soft bark, and buried three feet deep in soft ground. Logs are laid over tbe loose earth to prevent the grave being disturbed by dogs : sometimes a little cenotaph is erected. 'The object sought in tying op the remains of the dead u to prevent the deceased from «Tfce Australian Race : Iu origin, lincuife*, cus toms. pUoe of landing in Atutialu, and routes by which Itnireti itwe'i over that Coutiiteot. By EJ**rJ M. Uirr, author of * Pare Saddle Horse*,' and ' necol lodtoni of Squatting In Yict.-rU.' In 1 -ur volumes. Mclhom-e Jobn ferret. Government Printer, ira fto i Iretatr aod Oq., tudfate fifll, Utf. escaping from the tomb, and frighten ing or injuring curvivors. Tbe more nearly related and the more influential in life, the more decease is feared.' The bodie* of women and children were baried without preparation or ceremony. Blackfellowa had a great dread of ghosts. When a man had been dead some years, bis ghost was no longer feared. In some parts of Australia the orpse was made into a mummy by basting before a fire ; in* others, it was placed on a stage on pobta, or on the branches of a tree. After the flesh bad decayed in the latter case, the bones were taken down, cleaned, carried about by a woman, and eventually deposited in the hollow of a tree. The corroboree has fre quently been described, and Mr. Corr says of it : ' Savage and objectionable as the corrob' ree is, it has played an im portant part in the past of the Australian race, for it teuded strongly to keep up com munication between the tribes.' ' A great point in it as a mpdinni of reconciliation is, that it eiclud-is, for the most part, explana tions, questions, and reflections.' The tribes bad systems of signalling each other by columns of smoke, and a et'ck with a bunch of grass tied to the end of it, beside, the ashes of a deserted fire, showed in which way the last visitors had gone. Both men and women adorned themselvei by gashing their bodies, and robbing in wood ashes ; by wearing glittering shells, tufts of hair and dog's tails, strips of skin fur out, and feathers. They had little inclination to art, but made rude pictures on the walls of caves, and on sheets of bark . Where food was abundant the men amused themselves carving their weapons. Their dwellings we are familiar with ; each family has a but. The mtji usually fished, hooted, and foogh*. They made their own weapons — spears, shields, boomerangs, throw-sticks, and cubs. The women collected and cooked vegetable*, made twine «md thread, sewed skins for cloaks with a bone needle, and knitted bags and nets. On the march she carried her household utensils with her, and these consisted of a lighted torch of wood or bark, and a pointed sapling five feet long called *' a yam stick.' The women had some sense of decency ; the men very little. The morality of the blacks was of a low type, though they had some ideas of tight and wr.ing. Murder, in'auticsde, adultery, tying, ani theft were regarded as wrong. Mr. Gurr gives many interesting details of the marriage customs of the natives, and of their weapons oF war aud the chase. His interesting chap ters on these subjects are full of quaint and c irions information. The vocabularies with which the work concludes will be of per manent value and interest. Mr. CurrV work has been recently added to the School of Arts Library, and ought to be read by all who can still study on oar streets members of the fast disappearing Austral an Kace. 