A Bit ACK SHEEP. SOME EPISODES IN HIS LIFE. By A. C. (Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapter IX. — Defiance. The surface of things was calm during the three weeks that elapsed between the accident and Rhoda'a wedding. In the village not much was beard of the former affair outside the circle of those imme diately concerned in it, aad Rhoda became of bo much public importance as to eclipse all rivals for local fame. Annie stayed ia the home, helping to make curtains and tablecloths and other preparations for the homecoming 01 John's wife. Only the call of duty drew her out. She went to the' morning service in a kind of surreptitious way, slipping into a back seat and out of church the moment prayers were over ; and she took her class in Sunday-school as before, teaching the children ' out of her head,' unmolested and ostentatiously unnoticed by the rector, to whose house, of course, she went no . more. But below the surface there was considerable disturbance, all oa her account, and by reason of the Incalculable temperament of her young admirer. Mr. Delavel- Pole was at deadly feud with his cousin, and. had laid the farmhouse under an interdict similar to tha$ laid on the Quirinal by the Pope^hen Victor Emanuel went to live there. For their independence and their presumption the Morrisons were punished by the with drawal of hia gracious favor ; and he pleased himself by thinking that the de privation would be peculiarly distressing to Annie, which certainly it waa. L^dy Susan had sleepless nights on account of that danger which the rector had pointed out to her ; and the same cause kept John Morrison sternly alert and watchful. Dicky himself did not go to the farm, lest Annie should be made to suffer for it : and he did not go to church on week days because, as he said, it sickened him to see Max playing the hypocrite. He attended on Sundays, as a 'duty to his family and the State ; and then alone did he get sight of the farmer's daughter — a luxury the more ardently appreciated because it waa bo rare. Over the uncurtained doorway of the squire's pew he looked down upon the lowly benches where she eat beside her echool children, and even when his eyea appeared to be fixad upon his book he lost not one movement of her supple young figure nor one turn of her grace ful head. She certainly was alarmingly pretty for a girl in her class of life, as poor Lady Susan also convinced herself by many surreptitious investigations from her own cushioned throne ; aad oa Sundays Annie never failed to emphasise that most fatal of her attractions — a faculty for looking so like a lady that a stranger would not have distin guished her from one. Daring this summer weather she wore delicate muslins in pale blues or lilacs, and a little straw bonnet with, white strings tied under the chin — and sometimes she added a white muslin fichu, crossed over her breast and tied at the waist behind, all edged with virginal little frills — a simple but dainty costume that marked her out as a person of refine ment and good taste. 'Moreover, the girl could not have sat or stood to better advantage had an artist occupied the equire's pew and posed her for his own observation. The contrasts of the dark oak, the cold stone, and the coarser speci mens of humanity around her threw her into fine relief, and the light fromthe stained windows, whether the sun shone or not, always seemed the right thing for her Boft complexion and her burnished brown hair. Her attitude and behavior were modest to a fault ,- she did nothing that could offend the most severe or jealous critic. And this sorupulouBnesB of propriety and Belf respect was more potent in its effect on Dicky than the most alluring devices of the most experienced siren of the ordinary type could have been. It inflamed while it ennobled his admiration. Every rain 'JtS that he watched hflr and saw how delicately and how discreetly she bore heraelf his first impression that ahe was a lady deepened in him — the sense that ehe was worthy to be loved by a gentlemen and that he was ready to love her upon thcae terms. 1 es, it had come to that, though, he had only spoken to her once. He was young and of aa ardent temperament, and long before she had appeared to him in her charming womanhood he had been like a 1 thirsty wayfarer at the public-hou3e who is solicited by his friends to ' give it a name' — if tho reader will forgive so coarse a simile. If he had not yet drunk of tha wine cf life he scented its aroma, so to speak, and was conscious of a capicious appetite for its consumption. To a certain extent it did riot much matter whit the nectar was, or rather, to modify the metaphor a little, it ci-i not much matter what the goblet was cut of which he drar.k it, eo loug as it did not obviously discredit its sacred office. He wanted to love somebody as much as he wanted somebody to love him — indeed, a great deal more ; he was impatient for an op portunity to let his yonng passions, that had begun to feel their strength, go free. Several times he had thought himself pro viced with an object for his adoration, but violent disparities of taate or senti ment had arisen at aa early stage and nipped all those fair illusions in the bud ; this was ^the first attractive woman who had captivated the man in him without immediately thereafter rubbing hia rb3the tic susceptibilities the wrong way. There fore he plunged into love, nob falling acci dentally, nor yielding to external entice ments, but like a diver taking a header Into deep water — into what he imagines to be deep water. It was what goes by the name of love with girls and boys, whose claim to know all about it is so preposterously supported by novel ists, poets, and other presumably experienced people who ought to to know better ; a very fine and vigorous sentiment certainly, but with very little bottom to it as a rule. When the three weeks were nearly over and he was coming home to dinner from one of his fruitless walks about the village, taken daily in the hope of getting a glimpse of his Annie somewhere, he met John Morrison and his sweetheart sauntering side by side through a green lane. Rhoda had been to the farm to inspect the new improvements, and John was escorting her home to the coastguard station. 'Good evening, Bir,' said John respect fully, touching his hat. 'Good evening,' responded Dicky, with a brief nod. He had no Boftening heart towards either of these two, who were so unpleasantly near to Annie and had made themselves so objectionable to himself, and his set face did not relax a line. Rhoda Emiled her most engaging smile, hesitated, said ' Good evening, Mr. Richard,' and passed oa with evident reluctance to thus conclude the interview. On rejoining John she began to talk rapidly, her distant voics sounding shrill in Dicky's ears as he strode towards his home ; and presently she turned aad ran back, arresting him at a door in the park wall, the convenient key of which he carried in his pecket. ' Sir,' she exclaimed breathlessly, but with all her wonted air of self-possession, ' I beg your pardon, but I believe you eaid something to Mrs. Morrison about doing us the honor to come to our wedding.' « ' Did I ?' he replied. He had to think for a moment : then he admitted that he had said something about it. ' Well, sir,' proceeded Rhoda archly, 'tho day is near at hand — next Thursday. We're to be married in church at 11, and have cur dinner at mother's, and ia the evening Mrs. Morrison is going to give a tea parly to welcome us home, axid there's to be a dance in the barn in the evening.' Dicky listened composedly ; it was ho trouble to be dignified with Rhoda Appleton out on tha neutral ground of a village lane ; then he said he would go to church to eee her married with pleasure, and would bring his sisters with him. 'But' — insinuatingly — 'you said you would comefo Hie wedding, sir?' ' And Isn't that the wedding ? Bat If you'll give me an invitation for the dance I shall be delighted, to accept it.' And though he looked grave and cool as he spoke he meant what he said very thoroughly.' Rhoda gave him the invitation there and then, and he did accept it, subject only to the condition that it should bs en dorsed by the Morrisons, who were to give the entertainment. This preposte rous scruple was laughed to scorn by the bride elect, who took upon herself to assure him that the Morrisons wonld be only too much honored by his condescen sion ; but under the circumstances he in sisted upon the formal guarantee that John would make him welcome. And the same night aa elaborate invita tion, indited by Annie, was brought to the Hall by John himself, who waa not only willing to indulge bis Rhody and make things pleasant for the great occasion, but was gratified by the proper spirit shown by Master Richard In the matter. For John assumed that his character of watchdog was understood, and flattered himself that owing to his prompt measures the squire's handsome son had abandoned hia fancy for Annie and his pernicious danglings after her. 'I've taught him his place,' said the young farmer with a sombre smile. ' ' It's hands off, and he knows it. Oh, yes, he may come to the dance aud the supper, Rhody, and the dinner too, if you like. I don't think he's half eo bad aa they make out, and of course I shall keep a sharp eye on him.-' So Annie consulted her manual of eti quette and composed a polite note, her maiden heart all a-flutter within her ; and Mr. Richard Deiavel had great pleasure in accepting Mrs. Morrison's kind invita tion, and went about for some days with a sense of treading upon air. The wedding ' went off' in the mo3t satisfactory manner, its most brilliant feature, not even excepting the bride in her blue silk aad orange blosaoma, being the presence of Mr. Richard in the group before the altar ia the morning and amongBt the guests who danced ia the Morrison's barn at nfght. His parents, to Bhoda's intense relief, did not object to his thus descending from his high estate and demeaning himself to the level of the common herd (because they did not know anything about It) ; and his discreet and affable behavior was such that the ' weddingeru,' as they styled themselves in the idiom of those parts, not only felt honored to the last degree by his company, but even at ease and able to enjoy them selves notwithstanding. He walked across the park to the church in the morning with his Bisters and their governess, the sedate Barbara carrying a little packet of half a dozen silver tea epoons and Katherine a bouquet for the bride. They went through their own churchyard gate and chaucel door into their great pew, where they sat aud gossiped behind the curtains until the bridal party arrived and the rector stalked from his vestry to receive them. Then, as the little procession passed up the church (as they had walked all the way from the coastguard station), two aud two, Katherine, signalled by her brother, stepped from the door of the pew into the chancel able and held out her bnnch of white flowers to Rhoda. The bride accepted them with a whispered 'Thank you, miss,' and a curtsey — for if Dicky had lost some of the divinity that hedged a Deiavel the rest of the family had not — and hesitated about passing on until she saw what directiou the young lady meant to take. Katherine politely waved her on and turned to re join her governess ; but Dickey pulled her elteve and eaid 'Stand here, Kitty — we can eee batter.' HV did no- parfcicuhrly want to pander to RficJa's. ranifcjr, aad ha waa aa exclasive for hia ^Utera aa he was eclectic for himself ; but ha J3&W;' an oppor tunity to annoy Max, and it fT£3 too pr9 ciouB to be thrown away. So he stood up with the wedding party;' between pretty Annie in her white miniia arid pink ribbons and Katherine ia her brown holland and garden hat ; aud a3 eoon as the service was over — read b/ tha rector in his most distant aud Btately tone3— -hastened to shake hands with bride and Lridgeroom and all the plebeian party, and to conduct himself generally as if ha was their nearest and dearest friend. Mr. Delavel-Pole had himself meant to unbaal and be gracious, to relax somewhat th.3 rigor of the interdict ia corisidewtua of the occasion, and perhaps pxv-3 taa way for a gradual reconcillatioa wita the Morrison family aud a ratura to favor of hia interesting yoaeg Suaaay Bchooi teacher ; but v.-hen ha saw his censin behaving in this manner, altogether forgetticg his position and encouraging the poor to forget their33 he fell thataooia counter action was necassary for th.9 sup port of Church and State and of the honor and dignity of the Deiavel hon3e, and stiffened into a rigid hauteur that was enough to freeze the marrow of all around him. He did not radiate the palest gleam of sympathy for anybody — happy bride or tearful parenta— no more than those effigies of hia dead and gone ancestors that Jay, stood, aod knelt in stony still ness all about them. He wonld offer no congratulations ; he would take no part in — :he would not even appear to notica — the little flutter of pride and importance that animated the new-made wife'and her relations when the deed that they had come to do was done. He hoped Rhoda would do her duty, he said, in the new state of life to which it had pleased God to call her. That was all. Dicky was delightel. He went into the vestry and insisted on signing the register. He introduced his sisters to Aunia (though they knew her much better than he did), and instigated the kind- hearted governess to say pretty things and be friendly to the agitated aad wet-eyed mothers of the newly-married pair, and he presented Lady Susan's teaspoons with a little speech in which he told Rhody that he hoped he should stir with them many a cup of tea brewed by her fair hands, and bo oa aad so on. When it was all over he marched back across the park hand ia hand with Katherine, ia the highest spirits at having succeeded in putting Max into ' one 01 his infernal tempers.' At lunch he was very lively ; In tha afternoon he waa very restless ; at dinner he was so silent and abstracted that no one could get a word out of him. And the moment dinner waa over and Lady Susan, had left the dining-room he slipped from the table and dashed up the shallow dark old Jacobean staircase that led .to his bed room half a dozen steps at a time. 'Why, Dicky, what Is the matter ?' exclaimed Barbara — a very proper and staid young lady — who was descending from the schoolroom to join her mother. ' Where'are you going ?' ; ' Nowhere — to bed— for a walk — never yon mind,' he replied inbreathle9s gasps ; aad leaping headlong into his chamber he banged tie door behind him. . Soon he emerged in his morning clothes — his best morning clotheB^and like one' of the ghosts of the house, of which there was an assortment, flitted lightly np and down corridors and back staircases until he reached the stableyard. There he found a horse saddled and waiting for him, oa which he sped forth into tha night. Chapter X.— Daxgke. It was a soft starlit summer night. Dicky observed that there was no 111000, ' and reflected that the light — or rather tha - want of light— would be agreeable to .'..'. dancers -who might wish, to cool them selvcsin the open air. He rode through ; the park at a speed that should have aroused the auspicious vigilance of gate and game,keepera, but did not ; and dismount ing let himself out by that door in tha wail which was supposed to hz opened - . oi-ly at certain seasons of the year aud for special purposes of woodcraft, of the ' , key of which he had unlawfully possessed himself. Along the white high- road '. for a little way, rouBiag clattering echoes as he went — in and out of grassy lanes, where his horse's hcofB struck the earth with muffled thuds and where the fall leaved treeB darkened the twilight over his head — he passed like a pursued highwayman ; and soon arrived at tha farmhouse, where lights and voices and the shrill scraping of a violin indicated ~ that the revelry was at its height. Though.1 the stars as yet were few and pale, and . the daylight still lingered in translucent green and golden streaks In the western sky, this wedding gueat waa late. They had waited for him, as in higher circles we wait for the governor or the Prince of Wales, fora long time after the tea party had come to aa end and the teatable been cleared for supper. Then they had given him up on the supposition that hia parents had interposed, and gone to the barn to dance without him. As he quietly walked his horse from the road gate to the stack yard, which lay between the house and the barn, and was coatigaous to the cart sheds and stable, he could hear the merry thump and scamper of many feat in Sir ^ Roger de Coverley — a dance that mostly marked the climax of these entertain ments. Not a soul was about that he could see. Everybody was iu the barn, : and was so absorbed la Sir Roger, aud made bo much noise with feet and voles, that his arrival was unheard and un noticed. He dismounted In the .yard, found an empty corner in one of the sheds (tho stable being full) where he put up his horse, tying its bridle to a waggon wheel ; and then he stood a few minutes in the gradual darkening of the day and brighten ing of the stars to take hia bearings and decide whither he should bead his atepa. As he stood, looking round him and listening, he saw that the window of the keeping - room, across a little corner of yard and garden, was open ; that« the room Itself— as well as the parlor beyond — waa lit up, and shadows pass ing to aad fro within. Probably Mrs. Morrison was in the house, on hospitable cares Intent, while the guests were revel ling In the barn. Dicky thought the proper thing would be to go the house, therefore, and present himself to her. Lightly he turned and left the yard, passed through a little green wicket into a path bordered with dahlias aad fox gloves, and with clumps of Indian pinks that smelt very sweet in the moist air, and took his way round to the porch entrance. And there he stopped sud denly, while he stared before him with bright eyes and held bis breath. All the doors were open. In the fur thest room a moderator lamp stood oa a beaded mat in the middle of a highly polished centre table, round which books and shells and other ornaments were disposed in the fashion of wheel of for tune at a fair. A card table stood open near the gaily aproned hearth, with two candles in old- fashioned plated candle sticks at two opposite corners, and packs of cards and a cribbage-board sym metrically arranged in the middle. The piano, which was very old, high, and shallow, with faded green silk fluted into a central rosette, from which hung cord aad tassels,, covering the primitive and worn- out mechanism above the meagre keyboard, also stood open, its few narrow yellow keys shining under the soft glow of two more candles in two more plated candle sticks. The thrifty linen cloth waa removed from the drugget that covered the floor ; flowers bloomed from the vases on the mantelpiece, and bunches of dried grass adorned the yellow -gauze-swathed frames of the pierglass and pictures. Aiitimaccasaars, * freshly washed aad etarchtd. abounded in unprecedented pro fission. The best pailcr was in full dress for company, displaying all those evi dences of gentility and prosperity which made the marriage sach a recognised social promotion for the coastgaardsman's daughter ; but no company was there. Young and old had deserted the decorous house for the irresistible jollity of the barn. In the keeping room, however, t-ro steps from the threshold on which he stood, Dicky saw the one solitary parson -who had stayed behind — and that one was not Mrs. Morrison. The keeping room was lighted only by the candles Intended for the illumination of the sapper table ; and the supper table, composed of several tables joined together, nearly filled all the available space. It wa3 loaded with fowls and hams, aad jellies and pastry, and custards and creams, so thaissaroe aainchof tablecloth was to be seen ; and Annie was busily flittiEg around It, like a pink and vhite butterfly, teaching up the fleers Ei'd cat paper frilla and adding little furnishings here and there whare they tc-m*d to ba needed — surveying her -;c'ritiions from time to time critically v 'h her head on one side. Her sleeves ??-- t-re turned back over her araia, and her ?*.-:«. k-i^ueiin ekirt pinned np round her -waist. Her hair was unruffled, her piak bo we and pink roses uncrushed, har faoe calm and serious.. She had not yet tak6n her share in the prevailing excitement. Dicky watched her, and she did not see him for a minute or two ; then a turn round the table brought him within har range of vision. The surprise was so sudden and complete (for, like the rest of tte party, she had given up expecting hie?) that she was not able to guard her self from the betrayal of her delight at his appearance. Her lips parted, her bosom heaved, her eyes brightened and glowed. ' Oh — h I' she cried, under her breath, with a quivering sigh of satisfac tion that was beyond words. It was her only welcome, but it was more than, suf ficient. Human nature is human nature, as 30 raany profound philosophers have told us, and this boy was not a saint — far from it. What he saw in the girl's aspect and manner told him that now he might ven ture t© kiss her with the certainty of being forgiven, and Buch an opportunity it is not the custom of unregenerate young men to throw away. In the twinkling of an eye, and before she could unpin her skirt and roll down her sleeves — which was her first Instinctive im pulse — he had his arms around her and was pressing his eager lips to hers, paying little heed to her bird like flutterings and modest strugcles to escape. He had no thought of 'Insulting' her by this pro ceeding, or of harming her in any way. He loved her, as we have Bald — with what young creatures, who cannot possibly know much about It, call love, and which is certainly a very ardent sentiment — and, though he was no saint, he was a true man, and had the true man's chivalry in him. Bat certainly he acted without any thought of matrimonial contingencies 1 Annie, however, who was a saint more « r less, saw orange blossoms and wedding cakes, and all sorbs of fine things floating in the distance as she protestlngly and yet not unwillingly submitted to be hugged and kissed. ' O sir,' she mur mured, when at last she had collected herself a little and got her dainty dress smoothed down, V it is not right ! You ought not to— to flifalr of me In this way. Remember your family and position, and how far above me you are 1' Duty required that she should point out this formidable objection to the foreshadowed alliance. i( How can you talk such rot ?' lie re turned in tender accents, laughing at her ; and he dismissed such considerations as altogether irrelevant to the business in hand. 'You dear little thing, I can't tell you how I have been longing to see you again, and looking forward to this chance. But I never dreamed of finding \- you alone in the house. Bid you stay back here expecting that I would ba comlrg this way V 'Oh, no!' she interrupted, quibe shocked at the bare idea of such a thing. 'How can you think I should hare been so forward ? We had all given you np.' 'Ib wonld not have been forward — It would have been awfully sweet of you,' he said, again drawing her to him. ' Why should you be so shy when you know I love you?' And he kissed her more boldly than ever. How should she know he loved her when he had never spoken to her since the day he met her first 2 And she might have known that that sort of love was not of a matrimonial character had not her good principles forbade such knowledge. 'I love you' was to her right-minded judgment equivalent.to 'will yon marry me V— as of course we know it ought to be in all cases, where a man addresses a woman who is not his blood relation. So that his careless question filled her with the niost profound emotion. ' Axe you sure yon love me ?' she asked him in an agitated whisper. 'My little darling,' he responded, delighted with her implied surrender and not thinking much, of terms on either side, * ' you know I do. How can anyone help loving you?' 'You don't know me yet,' she sug gested. ' 1 know you perfectly — as if we had . been friends all our lives,' he said, saress , ing her sleek brown head. *' I am not worthy of you,' she went on, discharging her conscience fully. Something in this phrase staggered Mm a little, and kept Mm silent for a moment. The ghost of an idea that she might be taking things over- seriously flitted across his mind. But It vanished at once t he would not have this delightful meeting spoiled by thoughts of anything beyond it. 'Don't talk nonsense,' he said lightly. ' That's only a bait for compli ments. You know as well as I do that you are worthy of anybody or anything — you dear little woman ?' And again he was about to dishevel that neat white muslin and crush those pretty bows and rosebuds that were already showing the results of Ms embraces — only at this moment the sound of an opening door gave Mm a^ shock wMch arrested Ms intention. Mrs. Morrison came toddling in to the keeping- room from the direction of the kitchen to see how the preparations for supper were getting on. And there by the supper-table she saw Mr. Richard standing, propping himself against the edge of it in a Btiff and unnatural manner. And there she saw Annie standing before Mm, head hanging down, eyes veiled wish modest laehes, cheeks ruddy as the rose, occupied In picking a bit of green parsley into a hundred thousand fragments. 0-ir worthy matron knew little of the ways of the world, but she recognised what that meant. ' What a handsome pair 2' was the instant thought of her maternal heart ; and then she prepared for action. Had she been the most experienced old campaigner of a dozen London seasons she could not have acted better. ' Ah, Mr. Richard, have you come, sir, after all ? -Well, you're kindly weliome, and Khody'Il be jest delighted. She'd almost given you up. Have you baen here long, air?' — warmly shaking hands with him. ' Ho,' said Dicky, who had been there about a quarter of an hour. ' I have only just come. I made all the haste I could, but somehow dinner seemed to be 24 hours long to-night — I thought they would never get done. But you won't break up yet, will yon ? It £b not supper-time for hours, Ib it ? I have been so looking forward to a dance In the barn. I have been asking your daughter if she will have me tor a partner' — looking pointedly at Annie, who took no notice of the hint. *' Oh, she will, with pleasure, sir ; she learnt dancing at school, and I daresay yon'll find her as good as any of 'em. Bat you mustn't ferget the bride,' said the mother-in-law slyly, 'I think Rhodj'll want to be nnmber one, you know — ahe'll Jook to have yon ssk her fireis.' TJ^n she gl&nccd; at Annie, who watt apparently ab sorbed in her business at the cupper- table. 'Go and get some more parsley, my girl,' said she ; ' there isn't half enough. There's nothing sets a table off like plenty o' parsley.' A brief silence followed Anuie's dis appearance, and then the mother askel her youcg guest If he didn't think the child was '* looking well.' 'She's looking lovely,' Dicky re sponded with fervor. 'She has geo*a up the prettiest girl I ever saw.' ' Well, she is pretty. And I thought you'd noticed it,' said Mrs. Morrison. ' But now you won't turn her head, will you, Mr. Richard ? She's only seventeen, and slie Isn't need to gentlemen's atoteu tioiss You won't go for to — to' — she hesl t&' ed iu Eome conf aeion, and then burst out reildesely — ' You knosf what I mean, sir ; 1 can't eay it.' Dicky's face flashed crimson ; lie did know what she meant perfectly. ' £ wouldn't,' he said solemnly, *' hurt ahdr of her head fur all the worla could give me. '' 'Ble^s you, my deir,': rejoined the gi&tified; woman, too much overcome by her emotions to remember to order herself lowly and reverently, as was her wont ; ' bless you, I know you wouldn't. There's something about you that I can trust, and trust I will — let them say what they like.' ' Do they say I am not to be trusted 2' demanded Dicky with some heat, mentally referring to Delavel- Pole. ' Never mind what they say. I don't believe 'em. There's a look in your face that speaks for you,' said the farmer's wife, benevolently regarding him. ' And you'll not play with my girl as some young gentlemen in your place would do —you'll not take advantage of her because you've saved her life and made her grate ful — I know you won't.' Dicky, as we have seen, was nob so scrupulous as he might have, bat he had a, soul that was capable of being profoundly stirred by such an appeal as this. Ha began to hope that he had not been some thing worse than, a fool, and to make high-minded resolutions. ' That I never will,' he replied solemnly ; ' never— on my word of honor. ' 'Then I shall trust her to yon, my dear. I shall trust you to take care of her with an easy mind.' ' I will take care of her as if she were my own sister,' said he. But in think ing how he should take care of her after what had just happened the idea of marrying her some day necessarily pre sented iteelf to his mind. It was rather a disturbing, even rather an appalling Idea at first, but he faced It promptly. A man mubt do his duty, he told himself, and take the consequences of Ms acts ; and the prospect of braving the world and defying Its conventional tyrannies had always possessed a fascination for Mm. Why should he not marry a farm-3i's daughter ? It was nobody's business but Ms own, and she was good enough for any man, let Mm be fifty times aDelavel. 'Have no fear,' he said, taking the hand of the old mother, who had so effectually pierced Ms most vulnerable point. 'It shall never be. said that a woman trusted me in vain. I'm not a very good fellow, I am afraid, Mra. Morrison, but at least I am not a villain. No woman shall ever say that of me.' 'Bless you, my dear,' repeated Annie's parent, wiping a tear from her eye and even showing an inclination to kiss him, with difficulty repressed. You are a true gentleman, every inch of you.' 'I hope so,' said Dicky, swelling a little. And then Annie returned, and they could cay no more. But Mrs. Morrison felt that she had made good use of her time — as she certainly had — and was tremulously cheerful. ? 'Give it to me, deary,' she exclaimed, holding her plump hand for the parsley, ' and you young folks go off and have a dance 'while there's time for it. I'll do what etee is wanted in the house.' But Annie was not prepared to go alone with Dicky to the barn through the dark yard atd garden, though he entreated her so earnestly with Ms boyiBh bright eyes. A fit of maiden bashf ulness possessed her. She looked at her mother with a look that was promptly responded to by that Intelli gent matron. ' Though, perhaps,' said Mrs. Morri son, as if struck by a happy afterthought, it would please Bhody better if you went and spoke to her ablt first without telling her as you had been Into the house, and me and Annie will follow you in a few minutes. We've got to mind our p's and q's with Bhody, I can tell you, Mr. Blehard, and she'd be finely jealous If ehe thought we'd been' keeping you all tills time away from her, and she the bride and all. If you'll just go and have a dance and a bit of a chat with her first she'll like it, and so will John. You'll find the old man there too. We'll be afteryon directly.' ' All right,' said Dicky, 'I will— if I most.' And reluctantly he tore Mmself from his blushing lady love (who the moment he was gone flung herself upon her mother's ample breast to confess that Mr. Richard had told her he loved her ' in so many words'), and took his way alone to the rustic ballroom, where he met with an ovation none the less enthusiastic for being respectfully subdued, and was tri umphantly taken in charge by Bhody. The bride, still in her blue silk and with a killing wreath of orange blossoms Tound her head, was dancing with great spirit and vigor, but had all the evening kept a watchful eye upon the doorway for his much. - desired ap pearance. She had made such a boast of the compliment he had designed to pay her— she had stirred up bo much delight ful envy and jealousy thereby — that if after all he had failed to come the morti fication to her vanity and to all her ten dereBt woman's feelings would have been Insupportable. She was just beginning to despair, and to be harrowingly conscious that furtive smiles and whispers were per meating the company, which naturally was inclined to triumph a little in her disappointment, when her quick eye caught sight of his tall figure in the dim ness of the outer night. Instantly she dropped her partner and made a rush across the floor, scattering -the dancers right and left without ceremony. 'Ah ! there is Mr. Blehard 1' she cried raptu rously. ' John ! John ! Stop that fiddle ? — tell them to leave off— and come and speak to Mr. Richard.' John obeyed Ms wife with an alacrity that was productive of many winks and jokes, and the pair advanced together to the barn doors to receive their distin guished guest. The festive spirit was in them and also many glasses of punch and negus. Peace and charity and an all comprehensive benevolence animated their lively souls ; and John was ready to think every man a jolly good fellow, let him be whom he might. 'Come in, bit, come in,' he urged hospitably, ' we are only plain folks, but you're welcome to the beat we've got. Come in, Mr. Richard, sir, and we take It very kind of you to leave your father's 'all to drink good health to the likes of us . — very kind, indeed, we do. Here yon, Eliza, where are you ? Get some punch for Mr. Richard Delavel — a fresh brew, mind, with plenty of good stuff in it.' The punch was brought, and Dicky imbibed it freely, and himself began to feel that it was a world of good fellows, and to be generally pleased with himself and his surroundings. He drank RhocU's special health with many compliments on her charming appearance, and then, care ful to avoid making farther distinctions, shook hands with everybody— even with JTliza, who nearly ' dropped' as she after wards described it, under the unexpected shock. He gave Ms arm to his young hostess with as much deferential grace aa if the barn were & .London ballroom and tike a sew made duchess, aad paraded her about in a manner that made her dizzy with deUght and pride. Then he joined the elder Morrieon, who Bat in a group of hilarious old farmers (himself the most hilarious of all), smokiDg long church vcardene and drinking brown October that was aB strong as brandy ; and a great tankard of beer was added to the punch. The liquors were too good to pass, and it was thirsty weather, and Dicky would not for the world eeem to slight the hospi talities that were so warmly pressed upon him. { To he continued.) 