A LONDON FOG. The following description of the sort of weather now being experienced in some English cities is ex tracted from the Macka?u Jfercury'oje London letter of December 2: Doyantkotwwhata real London November fog Is? Having gone through an. exceptionally trying ordeal of the mixture during the most dismal and melancholy month .of thea calendar, -I fancy that I am qualified todescribe thephenomenon. Of course it.is generally known that the London fog is quite a different sample of the article from the 'foga and mists that?appear in other:partts of the world. BIntol and Manehester have their fogs, but these are n to be compared for virelence with the pea soup fogs of the metropolis, which are unique, and are really coal, In solution, which falls in the form of smoke 'asd.aooty particles upbn the lower strata of the atmosphoce,.when there is not sufficient circula. tion of air tocarry these matters off. The mischief Sisamually heraldedhby a high barometer, the sign of the stillneoss in the aerial regions which allows all the discharges from the million chimneys of London time to condense upon the cold, watery particles of the atmosphere, and afterwards'to descend in this amalgamated condition upon our devoted selves. Thi stateof the weather is called an anticyclone -therefore, in the winter, I hate anti-cyclones. With a high barometer, steaiily'-ridhg, and an easterly wind, to bring up all the east end smoke, our misery is ocmplete; the city and suburbs, as far as Westminster on the west:4tid Camden Town on the north, are enshrouded in a thick fall of fog, dense in ionsistency, bilious brown and yellow in colour, and pungent and sour to the taste. During the worst of it a more than mide.ight darkness broods over the scene; all traflip n the river is stopped, cabbies lead their horses, and gas-lamps in the streete and in the offices make a feeble kind of protest against the tyranny of King Fog-electric lights are no good at all, and throw a sickly uncer tain illumination on the ghastly picture. The moral effect is most deplorable; with everything wrapped within this dreadful sheath of fool fog, and every. body stealing about like ghoste, a 'sebe of depress. ing unreality seizes on one, and faith in all fixed principleulsonthe point of taking an abrupt departure forever; a leap from Waterloo Bridge seems to be the only solution of the difficulty. This disastrous state of thingois no doubt partly induced by the influence of the bodily conditions on the mind : there can be no doubt but that the London fogs kill many people, withdelicatethroats and cheets, and injure numbers. After a'day's battle with a bad fog, you return to your suburban retreat covered with filth; collar and cuffs turnedfrom white to brown, and the face and hands in? pad need of the scrubbing' brush; the nostrils, lined with soot, indicate the extent to which the lngs are affected. Amongst the incidental Inconveniences canused by these fogs is the demoralisa. tion of the railway system; although all their staffs are put on " fogging," and the roar of the detonators is hbeard in the land, yet all the trains are latr, from a quarter of an hour to hours, and city men arrive at their duties, perhaps, about mid-day. It is a mystery to me why Londoners do not insist that this fog matter shall be made a Parliamentary question. The loss to trade through delays and accidents is very considerable, and injuries and inconvenience to the five million inhabitants of the 'setropolis and its purlieus are incalculable. All 'nimal creation re giren oxygen, and it ie a monstrous thing that we eiould allow without dispute this fog-demon com. posed of sulphurous gas to eat up all our oxygen, and deposit its soot on our lungs. A correspondent to a contemporary suggests a cheap method for rendering fabrics almost fire-proof. He writes :-"Twehty years ago the light summer dressof oneof my children caught fire, and, before the flames could be extinguished, they had accomplished their fatal work. This heartrending accident in doned me to make a series of experiments to prevent its re-occurrence. I dipped articles of clothing in solutions of toungstate or soda, borax, and many other chemicals. Afterdryig thetextures. Ifoundthem an infiammable; but none of these agents were as effec tive as a solution of phosphate of ammonia in water. Let anyone place delicate tissues, nas those of which ladies' veils are made, or ourtain materials. or thicker textures of cotton and linen, in said solution, ' wring them out,' and stretch them to dry. after which apply a lighted match to them, or plunge them in th gee- flame. It will be impossible to set fire to them. They will blacken and be destroyed where the flame touches them, but the fl tme will not spread, neither will there be any residue of red hot cinders-reven the little 'golden worms,' as the children would call them, will not be seen when the tissuse are removed from the fire." 