BEATRICE VERNON: J CHAPTER V.—BETWEEN- THE ACTS. HE looked very fair and good and young. Lithe and slight, but gracefully proportioned, with a very delicate, transparent, complexion, lar^e grey eyes, and fair silky moustache ; as he stood earnestly talking to her under the old tree,in the tennis eround they roade a pretty picture. The dreamy laugour of his manner came from physical delicacy, not from laziness: Jo id Beatrice, who loved a sympathising hearer, ga»t him all her view* 'on sanitary science, as she did to George,, now and then letting him . talk, in his fanciful, metaphysical way, of culture and art, of poetry and philosophy, never thinking of any consequences that might 1'olicw, or of any harm she might l>e doing to her boyish lover. At this time a letter lefc the county, and winged its way across England and France uutil it reached the north of Italy; an innocentlooking missive in spite of nil the postmark* on the envelope, for it had pursued the person to whom it WSR addressed from PcisteRestante to Poste llestautc : but it was fated to work lameuiatiou and mourning and woe. as if it had been one of the apocalyptic scrolls. "The Hill, Goraewooil. Willingham, Octobe-.: '24th, 1879. DEAR VERNON," it. beij.an,— '"I have shaken myself down at last into winter quarters and write at once to claim the fulfilment of the promise you made to me in the Engadine a monihor two a?o to come ' across to these cold and sunless regions for a few weeks' hunting. You know that I have only bachelor house- keeping here, and you will have to rough it ; but no doubt you irill find (as I always do) that one never knows how jolly life can be until one is a few miles distant from women. There are three or four fellows here, all good company in tho field and at the tabla—Toppin of the Scots Greys, Tickell and Riley of the 124th, and Spaniel Birkett. I have a fairly good cook, a modest cellar, and two vacant stalls in my stablis to offer ; ladies' society, if you wish for it at tho meets and hunt breakfasts ; three days hunting a week—four, if you wish to take a longish railway journey now and then, and a bedroom with a ghost in. It promises to be an open season — foxes plentiful, and hounds in splendid c mdition. If you don't care to bring h.irau s over, wire back and I will look out fo\\* some hero. I have a fine. mare in my eyo thau would just suit you ; you ride lighter then I do, I believe. I'beli'-ve her owner wants to part with her at once. You can make acquaintance with the cousin you told me of about ten miles fi om here — MisB Yernon of Garfield : you asked me about her when I said I came from (his county, lfaticy she doesn't hunt, but she used to ride to the meets. They say she is going •to marry young Luttrell from Luttrell Towers, but you may have a chance of cutting him out if you come in June, before -she lias squandered all her substance,not in riotous,but in philanthropic living, as she promises to^do. I h=iar she is pulling down cottages all round, building whole villages on tile most costly plans, founding schools and institutions, and tho Lord knows what else. It is clearly your duty to come and look after your interests. Write or wire at once, and believe me to be, yours faithfully— CHAPTER YI.—FOUND DF A -WOOD. A DULL afternoon,'/ a southerly wind and a cloudy sky,'--the air soft and heavy with yesterday's rain that was \- weighing down the <latik foliage, no sun having appeared to driuk it upi The woods were in their yellow autumn dress, heaps of fallen leaves lav about the roads, telling iheir .mournful story of the dying year. .Beatrice was riding slowly along a Same that had a hi«h fence at oue sideward fields beyond; on. the other a plantation diviord from the road by neither hedge nor wall, a tangle of bracken and nut-trees below, ,an almost impenetrable roof of beech and oak above, the brow n and gold relieved by the dark, <JnlI green of .Scotch firs. -£Jer four dogs ran sniffing ahoat, a rabbit, startling pheasants, barkiflg fit unoffending cows in the fields. -Btie was out of spirits and .did not notice them. She was beginning to feel something wanting iti tier life. She missed (George Luttrell, and was growing taxed of little Arthur Harvey mooting shout lier. She was dissatisfied with herself, hut did not know why, or what ehe wanted. Presently her hcrse shied, startling her out of her reverie. She looked up aud saw Dazzle, the fox terrier, standing by the roadside, waiting for her witb imploring, speaking eyes, and hesi<te something scarlet, * lying amongst bracken. Beatrice stopped, afraid to go on. She called to the groom. 'John,go on and see what it is. Cnicgder, .is frightened aud won't pass." ' I'm afraid it is a bin) accident, ma'am,' said Afeegrocin,returning, ' a gentleman being fc««)tiiig and had a fall. : He is not deaii, btf.t jo a ,faint. A drop of water wiii bring jjjro rouud,' * Beatrice rode «p and looked at tne fallen ti inter, find a great and tender pity filled 1ier »i(S#»t. For it tras such » fyeafftifuJ ^ouiig face lying there, all un,coiis,cj<w$ pf tier gaze, pillowed upon tilic ipossj and yellow ferns. Tl«3 eves jr.ef.e | closed, the^oldrn hair tmnbled and.j stained wiih thejlarop soij ; ore arm was painfully t«i««d uudfir tho. body, the oilier stiff aiid.-'ftrsiebt at' tlie Mde. He looked so innocent, Eilcea isleepii.j: child whose slumbers were watched by aupeU, an I tears came to her eye*. John unfastened the scarlet coat and poured water from hjs h*t, the only vessel forthcoming," upon the pale face, bat there was no sign of returning life. He: was uneasy, and tried to feel the faintly beating heart to assure himself that help was still needed. ' Pide as fast as you can for Dr. Brown or Mr. Ko»e/ said Beatrice, her prompt, authoritative manner returning. 'I will stay and watch And bring a'carriage immediately. He cannot lie in this wet' wood; and we are not far from home.' John's sense of .propriety roade iiiin hesitate at the idea of leaving his,mistress alone in the wood, with this scarlet-coated, fpir-haired stranger. But he had liyed all his life at Garfield and knew tfcat her will was not to be questioned; so he mounted his horse aud galloped away. 'I must do something,' thought Beatrice. So she dismounted, lightly and safely, fastened the bridle to a.tree, and kneeling by the mud-banked ditch, wiiich was full of clear water, she mpiwiged to bring some of it in her joined white palms, and pour it on the .still face. Then she started, for the white litis slowly opened, and a pair of wondering blue eyes looked up at her, first in bewilderment, then in amazement, and then widening into admiration. For it is not every man who breaks his bones over a five- barred gate, and who wakes up to find himself on a mossy bank with a marvellously beautiful girl kneeling, beside, -him, gazing, at him with tender solicitude, and then beaming with delight. 'I am so glad you are not dead,' she said. ' So am I', he said,now fully awake to the circumstances. 'I wish I might come a cropper like that every day if I might hare such an awakeDing'. Though his English was no idiomatic, he spoi;e with a slightly foreign accent, that accountcd to Beatrice for his plight.. . 'A foreigner,' she thought. 'Of course he has come to grief! But he looks pure Saxon-English, if anybody ever did.' ' Where is my horse ?' he asked, looking round. ' Gone back to his stable; I fear; Oh ! no, he is there. But f am afraid you muse not try to move yet. I have sent for a carriage. I am sure your arm is hurt.' He tried to move it, and nearly fainted again. *Oh! do keep quite still,' cried Beatrice. 'The doctor will be litre directly. He will : put your arm right, add you must drive to Gar- i field. 'To Garfield!' he SLUJ, faintly. ' Am I so near? I did not know.' 'Yes. You are a stranger here? You seem to know the name?' ' I ought to do so, for 't is one of my own,' he said. ' Your name is Garfield ?!shc said, puzzled, thinking he nas becoming delirious, wishing the doctor would come, and wondering if she were killing him by letting him t"lk. 'My nam« is Hugh Garfield Vernon,' he said. 'I do not live here. I am staying with Benson, of Gorsewood. 'Then 1 am your cousin,' she exetaimed, "And my napie is Beatrice Garfield Vernon. I am so glad it was I who found you,..aud not a stranger.' But she had found him to lose him, for he fainted again." She was at.her wit's eiid between surprise, fear, and suspense; but just then the carriage drove up with the surgeon. She left' hiro. in the charge of more experienced people, and rode home quickly t'i) re a lie some preparhtiou for his reception. She had said—"It is my cousin,. Mr. Hugh Vernon, Mr. Rowe, of course he roupt come home until he is well again." The doctor felt extremely doubt- ful as to the wisdom c( .such a case, but there was nothing better to suggest, and tne stranger's name was passport to Mrs. Wells's favour, and she gave orders,in a fliiiter of excitejpeytf fox this state bedroom to be iprepared. . s^o-the secondAigsc.fpJjen he awoke jt w»J in a great sojemh pajr^iJ bed bearing.Ins own arms iri th^ dark oak, the Vernon pipes, wi'h the motto " Ver npn temper viert," with portraits of his au.ceslOfs the walls, and a bright frieudir ,fire crackling on the hearth. . FJE WBS 'cry for A long time. The 'lamp wood, his broken arm,and Other injuries combined to prostrate" him under a very' sharp attack pf fever. Weils nursed liiiii as if it liad been Beatrice herself, and at last lie came out of it, very weak,- and' pale, and thin, aud he might put on a coat though his arm was in-a sliiig. So, being clothed,and in his right mind, he asked to see his'cousin. .. • Of course suchan'event had -not taken jj'seg without a great deal of commotion in f.lip p.eighboiirhbod, Mr. Benson called in depjjiifontptiop at having allowed M isa Vernon to relipve him of the burden, of an invalid g^S^ vainly urging her to send him K9 Qpfp.WWl f,9 !?? nursed there. •J amafyaicj,'? ghp f ^af jn epile of your kind intention? ;jae wjij ;:ojt ' w carefdlJy nursefl ' in a bachel/Qr i* the figljt place his ii8t£ij.M) \\\0me.' •; •'*>' . this 'He is confoun/!e<J)y in lupk, Miss Vernon, l oulv «i»b I could hare such luck at the risk of breaking my collar bone. It is partly my fault. I sholild have looked after him. You see,he rides well onlevel ground; but he is half a foreigner and not used to a hunting field. • I am awfully sorry you should have the bother.' j Many others too, ostensibly to offer help, really to explain to that unfortunate girl that she must not fly in the face of society by carrying out thisiastand wildest whim. Mrs A., Lady B., and Mrs. C. ail came with advice and warning, hinting darkly at stories that were told of Hugh Vernon's life abroad ; but op- Dositioii only strengthened Beatrice iu her obstinacy. She made it a matter of conscience. If she forsook her own flesh and blood, what could be expected of the world? He had been sent straight to hsr, and she was chosen to be a guiding influence in his life, so they left her alone, and began to talk very uncharitably about her. She was sitting in the small morning room, the first fall of snow lying pure and still upon the park, when became to her very p?Ie tless picturesque than when he made that red and gold picture in the . . wood, but very gentle aud interesting. Beatrice felt shy for the first time in her life. She even forgot to sit down and "so "kept Hugh standing until he looked so faint that she was startled, aud bade him sit in a deep armchair by the fire. Then she sat opposite to him with a screen, and taiKed formal company, and talked aboutthe frost and liis arm. He apologised for his involuntary invasion of the house, aud began to talk of going but he looked so ill and languid that Beatrice would not hear of it. She remembered, too, how people had presumed to advise her, aud from a spirit of defiant contradiction she urged him to stay over Christmas. Hugh Vernon had led a veryBohemian life, not much trammelled by conventionalities; but he knew the girl wes doiug wrong in asking him to stay, and the better part of his nature told him how dishouourable it would be to take advantage of her innocence. CHRISTOPHER BENSON. 