BRITISH AND FOREIGN ITEMS. A novel concert, says an English paper, was given in the Sheldonian Theatre at Oxford on April 22, in which all the performers were ladies. The only man on the platform was the conductor and " a ladies' string orchestra" included 216 violinB, 10 violas, 18 violoncellos, and two double basses. It was noticeable that all the performers, including the vocalists, except two, were spiiiBtors, though the patronesses of the concert were the wives of various "dons." The performers included Misses G. Joachim, H. Jex Blake, B. Jex Blake, and Kitchin, of! the feminine instrumental talent of Oxford, and several members of the Test Valley Musical Society, and of Lady Folkestone's Ladies' String Band. The solo singers were Miss Liza Lehmann and Miss Rose Price. An amusing story has been current in social circles regarding the make-up of a well-known young society woman. The mould in which she had been cast by an unkind fate was unsatisfactory alike to herself and parents, who conducted to try the effects of foreign travel for her. After a long absence of travel abroad the family returned, and to the astonishment of all who had previously known her, the daughter was completely metamorphosed. From a tall, angular girl she had become not only well-rounded but buxom, with a noticeable broadening of shoulders. After a while it leaked out that while she was in Paris the girl had been taken to a model maker, who, in consideration of a large sum of money, agreed to construct a wire figure of the desired proportions, which was ingeniously made to open down the back, and was such fine soft material that its presence would fail to be detected save by the keenest scrutiny. The wire cage necessitates with evening dress a band of velvet, or collar of some description, and as long as worn effectually pre- cludes the idea of decollete gowns on the part of the owner. It is feared that two boys, named Ralph Cummings and Samuel White, about 14 or 15 years of age, have been engulfed and burned to death in a cinder heap at the Darlington Steel Works. Five boys were on the cinder heap, which is always on fire underneath the surface. Three of them say they suddenly saw a cloud of dust and smoke, and missed two of their companions, Strangely enough, they said nothing about it till the evening, when there was found a cavity of 10ft. where White and Cummings were supposed to have disappeared. The manager of the steel works immediately set men to dig, but they had to be withdrawn became of the heat and danger from the treacherous cinder heap, which gradually burns away and sinks in. An iron bar pushed down 18ft., when withdrawn was found to be red hot. Typhoid is the whip society makes to scourge itself. When in wild woods the noble savage ran, he had I suppose no typhoid ; but when he began to indulge the social instincts and joined wigwams, typhoid came. It is the price we pay for social life, and it is a great teacher of lessons of social duty. There is a hauteur in man that makes him ask am I my brother's keeper ? Typhoid comes along and says, " Yes, that you are and if you don't think about your brother, I shall make you." A man may build him a mansion and look out of its windows with scorn on the humble dwellings of his poorer brothers and he may roll himself in his furs while they are shivering, and fill himself with food while they are finishing, but the little invisible microbes that that wretched- ness is brooding in the haunts of destitu- tion and neglect, come floating through his mansion's windows, and teach him, despite his pride of heart, that God hath made of one flesh all men that dwell on the face of the whole earth. Yea, typhoid is a splendid teacher of the brotherhood of man. The Archbishop of York has issued a prayer, asking God to remove this great trial which Thou has sent uses c, the small-pox epidemic. On this Dr. Dollinger, of Sheffield, who is an eminent man of science, as well as divine, says . -"I will yield to no man in reverence for true prayer, but for once I will tell you without flinching that I cannot and will not pray for the removal of the small-pox scourge. It would be a mockery of God. Let us do our best, and then in baffled agony cry to God for help. But here we have not helped ourselves, and how dare we ask the Almighty to help us I Let us do our duty, act up to our knowledge, and as surely as the small-pox course came among us by physical laws broken, so it will depart from us if we see to it that the physical laws are obeyed." A reform in men's attire is about to make its advent upon the fashionable world. Lately sober-minded men in England have gone a '' boom " on waistcoats. Fashion now decrees that we shall go back to the time when the late Earl of Beaconsfield was an ornament in the gilded saloons of society and fascinated all hearts by his gorgeous vests. Charles Dickens used to tell the tale of the sensa- tion he caused by appearing one night at a party in a vest of that that now known as " electric blue." George Augustus Sala, Ima a craze for white vests. He boasts that for the past 27 years he has never worn any other than a white vest. He told that tale in Paris one day while strolling across the Pont du Nord, when a laundress overheard him, and said, "I envy your washerwoman." There are now in London streets outward and visible signs that males are going to put on more colour, and merge out of that sombre, funereal style typical of the Victorian era. in Regent-street the other day a couple of portly patricians were noticed walking arm-in-arm. No. 1 wore a double-breasted waistcoat of cardinal plush, the other was one of light seal brown. It is now considered the O.K thing to go as bright as one can in the matter of vests. Some people OMI swallow a great deal more in the shape of intoxicating drinks than others without bad effects- that is to say without getting tipsy ; but rarely, v, u think, has a case of hard and continuous drinking been heard of as remarkable as that mentioned by a New York paper. The drinker is a man about 50 years of age, whose business requires the lines eye, the most delicate touch, and inventive talent as well. In the last 10 years, it appears, the person referred to has averaged between 30 and 40 drinks of hard liquor every day," and has frequently been known to drink 00 times a day. Moreover, it is related of him that he does not confine himself to one particular spirit, but takes whisky, gin, brandy, and rum, just as it happens, and frequently he has imbibed " nine stiff drinks " before 8 o'clock in the morning. The marvellous part of the story is that his health is good, that he attends strictly to business, and, as his friends and admirers remark with pride has never been seen intoxicated. A few men, it is said, envious of his drinking capacities, tried to imitate him, with disastrous results to themselves before the trial had lasted 24 hours. It goes without saying that this human sepulchre of spirits," as he if called, is quite a celebrity in his own peculiar line, and being of a genial, convivial disposition, he is very popular in New York. . Some curious indictments were preferred against the Irish members of Parliament at a meeting of the Irish Industrial League in) Dublin recently. They were denounced for not wearing Irish-made hats and boots, and one member said they all came back from London with West End hats and not an Irish hat on the head of one of them. Another speaker suggested that 80 Irish members should each buy a pair of Irish boots. Only two of them, Mr. Sexton and Mr. Cox, had ordered Irish boots, and in their case they forgot to send the measures, so that they could not be made. The members were defended by a man who declared that though some of the Parnellites might wear London clothes, it certainly was not true of all of the bulk of them. It was further stated that London clothes had been sent by Irish members to be altered in Dublin, and also that Mr. Michael Davitt were Irish made clothes. "Thanks," said the tragedian, setting down his glass, and absent-mindedly pocketing my change, which lay upon the bar between us ; " many thanks for your good opinion. I always study from nature-from nature, sir. In my acting you see reflected nature herself." " Try this cigar," said an admirer of nature reverently. " Now, where did you study that expression of intense surprise that you assume in the second act 1" " From nature, sir-from nature. To secure that expression I asked an intimate personal friend to lend me 5dol. He refused. This caused me no surprise. I tried several more. Finally I struck one who was willing to oblige me and as he handed me the bill, I studied in a glass the expression of my own face. I saw there surprise, but it was not what I wanted. It was alloyed with suspicion that the bill might be a bad one. I was in despair." "Well," said the other, breathlessly. " Then an idea struck me. I resolved upon a desperate course. I returned the Sdol. to my friend the next day, and on his astonished countenance I saw the expression I was in search of. Make it very light this time." The Duke of Wellington was once asked who, in this opinion, was the (bravest man at Waterloo. I can't tell you that," he said, "but I can tell of onc^thanwhom I am sure there was no braver. He was only a private in the Artillery, but had he survived the day he would have been an officer. A farmhouse" with an orchard surrounded by a thick edge formed a most important point in the British position, and was ordered to be held against the enemy at any hazard or sacrifice. The hottest of the battle raged round this point, but the English behaved well, and beat back the French, though they attacked the place again and again with great fury. At last the powder and ball were found to be running short at the same time the timber in the hedges took fire, and the orchard was soon surrounded by a ring of flame. A messenger had, however, been sent to the rear for more powder and ball, and in a short time two loaded waggons came galloping down to the farm- house, the gallant defenders of which were keeping up a thin and scanty fire through the flames which surrounded their posts. The driver of the first waggon, with the reckless daring of an English boy, spurred his struggling and terrified horses through the burning heap ; but the flames rose fiercely round, and caught the powder, which exploded in an instant, Bonding waggon, horses, and rider in fragments into the air. For one in- stant the driver of the second waggon paused, appalled by his comrade's fate ; the next observing that the flames, beaten back for the moment by the explosion, afforded him one desperate chance, he sent his horses at the smouldering breach, and, amid the deafening cheers of the garrison, landed his terrible cargo safely within. Behind him the flames closed up, and raged more fiercely than ever." Black threatens to become a more popular colour than ever in certain classes of Parisian society. There has (the Daily Telegraph's correspondent says) already I been much discussion about " black corsets," and it will be remembered perhaps by readers of French novels that M. Paul Bourget in his recent volume, entitled " Mensonges," clothes his heroine, Mdme, Moraines, in a corset note, which is regarded by her more Puritanical female friends as a badge of unpardon- able levity. Should the present rage for black become more prevalent, not only stays, but other mysterious articles of feminine attire promise to become as sable as Hamlet's " inky cloak " itself. A pretty and popular actress whose name is famous in opera bouffe has already, indeed, given a remarkable impetus to the growing taste forjthelugubriouscolourch-isenfor funerals. She appeared on the stage a few nights ago arrayed in black from head to foot. Constellations of the ballet have, of course, frequently appeared in " black tights," but the actress in question has hot-headed Herod, and astounded her admirers by revealing to their powerful lorgnettes the overwhelming fact that not only were her " tights" and continuations able, but that her under-garments, in stead of being of the conventional cream coloured order, were of the most lustrous jet in tins, and were fringed with arabesque lacework of the same colour. Black may therefore be the only wear in the future. Who would look for humour in a Consular report The American Consul at Baltimore, in a report on the oyster fisheries of Maryland, says : " In some of the lower counties, down the Chesa- peake Bay, oysters pass as current money, and in one town which boasts of a weekly newspaper a large percentage of its readers pay their subscription to it in oysters ; thus the editor receives from 150 to 200 bushels of oysters yearly, which he is forced to consume in his own family and as oysters are declared by the faculty to be the most efficacious in producing and increasing brain power, it is to be hoped that the subscribers to that journal get good value for their oysters. " Traill states that, since his return to St Petersburg, the Czar appears to have plunged with a will into reactionary courses. He has issued a ukase ordering that only members of noble families are in future to be eligible for commissions in the artillery and engineers, the two highest branches of the Russian army, and all officers at present in those divisions who are not of noble birth are to be transferred to the infantry. Another ukase orders that only persons belonging to a grade of nobility are to be eligible for appointment in the Civil service of the Empire. During the last 10 years a great number of noble aspirants have been rejected as incompetent, and commoners of superior merit have been preferred. The competitive examinations will now be practically stopped, and a candidate's pedigree will be the first consideration. This revival of the old " privilege system which flourished under Nicholas is attributed to Count Tolstoi, who will be as fatal a Minister to Alexander Alexandrovich as was Polignac to Charles X., if he be allowed to persist in his unpopular and most mischievous measures. The other day a man attempted to com- mit suicide. He was not successful, and because he wasn't he was brought before the law and what did the law do 1 it bound him over in his own recognisances of £20 to keep the peace towards himself. In other words he was called upon by the law to give his personal bond for £20 that he should not kill himself. In the event of his failing to comply with this engagement, in other words, in the event of his cutting his windpipe and letting out his vital spark, his bond would be estreated in other words, he was bound to come and pay the £20. The deterrent effect of such a means of prevention to a man intending to kill himself must be evident to the meanest capacity. One can picture to himself the would-be suicide with the razor in his hand, soliloquising to himself "to be or not to be J that is the question. Whether 'were better to live and bear the ills of life and save my £20, or dying forfeit them. Lose my oath) Aye, that's the rub." The difference the loss of that £20 would make to him after he had severed his wizard and gone a gibbering ghost to Hades is supposed to be so great that at the thought of it he would lay aside the razor and resolve to live. - So with the law. Verily the law is a law.. 