Anglican Church Synod. ? ANNUAL SESSION. The annual session of the Anglican Church Synod was opened at St. Peter's Cathedral ' on Tuesday morning, May X, when the communion was celebrated. There was a large attendance of clergy and laity. ASDBESS BY DEAN UARBYAT. Dean MAK&TAT;, in the absence of Bishop Eennion, delivered the following charge:— My 'Reverend Brethren and Brethren of the Laity—I propose bringing before your attention in a very slight sketch a subject npon which many years ago I commenced making notes, Dot which pressure of parochial duties forced me to lay aside. It is one, however, that has been constantly before my mind, as practically many of the principles discussed in Synod, eapeoially in the early days of its existence, formed part of it. The subject I named "Constitutional Episcopacy, or more strictly the " Internal Constitution of the Church." It ia one that I do not think has been Bnfficiently considered, for though there are plenty of works on Episcopacy, yet the controversies have tnrned on its apostolic origin and universal existence as opposed to non- Episcopal bodies, rather than on its internal relation to the clergy or Church at large. It is I believe a matter which will have to be thoroughly sifted before we can attain to that unity of action which we see in the autocracy of the Roman Church, and in the democratic constitutions of many Protestant denominations. The early colonial BishopB were appointed under letters patent, issued by the Crown, which professed to confer certain powers, some of which were on the face of them absolutely groundless, eg., they declared Trinity Church in Adelaide the Cathedral Church of the Diocese. The Crown had no power whatever over Trinity Church or its trustees. Possibly letters patent may have been useful for a time, but there can be no doubt that they brought with them many evils. They served to raise questions both within and without the Church, from which no good could arise. They tended to put the nower of the Crown over that of the Churcn, and to assert an authority, which could not be enforced. They also suggested that the Bishop held a euoii-State position, which not only led to questions of social precedence, but caused the Bishops themselves to draw precedents, and to claim powers belonging to an established Church rather than to their office. It was one ot the advantages of the trials in which the Bishop of Cape Town was engaged, and in which he was defeated, that' the adverse verdict opened the way for the formation of a constitutional form of Church overnment. The decision iu the case of the flishop of Caps Town v. Long forms to my mind the Magna Charta of the colonial clergy. So far as I-remember, it laid down the principle that the rales of the Church to which obedience could be enforced were set forth in the Prajer-book as well as in the trust-deeds of the various ChurcheB. Outside those rules obedience to the Bishop could not be enforced under penalty, I do not know whether the date ot that trial tallies with that of ourmcdel trust-deed, but-the lesson was clear, that to enforce episcopal authority or the decision of a Church Court, the terms muBt be set forth in some deed or agreement «hicli can be brought into Court. In some points that decision gave special form to the declaration subscribed by the incumbent of the diocese before induction. In the. same way the judgment oi LordB Westbury and Romilly cleared the way for—aa they Bhowed the necessity of—provincial or general Synods with constitutions. It is sometimes aEKed— Do we fcroi part of the Church of Eng'"^d; Acd the question thereby started is one on which both Bides cau ar&ae; ad wjiniiuni. As far as the name is concerned that is settled for the present at least by an incorporation "as the Synod of the Church of England in the Diocese of Adelaide." The time may come when we shell have cauBe to alter the title, audwe may have to go to Parliament to obtain a rivate Act, transfenlng the property now Peld by the Church under its present title to the new one which may be adopted. But this is only part, a small part, of the question. The main point of'interest is what is involved in this title " Part of the Church of England." Possibly nothing but a Court of Law can decide many points which may be raised, but BO far as we are concerned we have defined the limits of our connection by tae words of ornr Declaration, " The Diocese of Adelaide dota maintain the Doctrine and Sacraments of Christ as the Lord hath commanded, and as the said Church of England doth receive the same, together with the Book of Common Prayer and of ordering of bishops, priests, and deacons." Of course even with this limitation there is plenty of scope for argument as to how far we are bound by the ecclesiastical laws of England and by the canonB. Some of these are practically binding, as expressing the practice of the universal Church, and by universal adoption in the several dioceses, e.g., the article to the 36th canon, respecting subscriptions. Again, whether we are at liberty to alter the Prayer-book in any way, although we might still maintain the dcctrine and sacraments of the Church. When the question is raised the late Act of Uniformity Amendment Act suggests a mode by which, without actually touching the Prayei-book, we may secure more elasticity if required. This point, however, haa not yet been raised, what I would point oat is this—that now that letters patent are no longer in existence, the Church has full power of aoticn beyond those limits which she has placed upon herself, and that there is no power but that which comes of and from the Church. I speak especially of what concerns the Diocese. I do not forget that we are confronted in some points by the General Synod; otherwise the relations of bisbop, clergy, and laitv. The several rights and privileges are defined and laid down either in the Prayer-book, or in the "Fundamental Provisions and Regalationa of Synod," or in some cases certain trust-deeds. Possibly in Bome points there iB an unwritten law wnich iB universally accepted, and of which we are hardly conscious; but of this there is no need to speak. It is well that our actual position should be dearly understood. We are now entirely free from letters patent, and all the present Bishops hold office rider the constitution of their respective Churches. " Other men have laboured, and they—the present Bishops—have entered nto their ibours."' But do they all realize their ; actual 1 position! Chosen ana consecrated for the most part if not entirely in England, they are apt to draw this idea ot Episcopacy from the Established Church, with its bishops as peers of the realm, its recognised position aB the Church of the State, and its large endowment, over which, however, the Church as a body has no control. And this they are likely to do far more than their predecessors—the founders of our present constitution and Synods. In 1847, when the late Bishop Short was consecrated with the Bishops of Melbourne, Newcastle, and Cape Town, a great deal of attention had been paid to Church government and discipline. Daring the excitement of the Tr&ctarian; movement the want of it as well as of organic life in the Established Church had caused in part many clergymen to go over to Rome. Many were looking for some more ideal Church, and their eyes were turned to the Church in the colonies. Of late years the f controversies in England have tarned upon n details of ritual, while Church life and energy has exerted itself in parochial organization. Bat a Diocese is not a parish, and must be regulated on different principles. Again, ideas drawn from the Estab- f lished Church are apt to be very misleading o in many respects. The Bisbops at home are a far more bound by State laws and precedents than colonial Bishops can be, while t — in other respects they may be more autocratic. Since Convocation was silenced iu 1717, the JBrsbops sitting, as they do, in the House of a LordB, naturally became the only representatives and mouthpiece of the Church. And w B as in a living body some one must speak and act, they have had to assume powers which c belonged more to the Church than their own t special office. Again, very little Btady will S show how ecclesiastical law in England is in a state of confusion. AB I have sud, Convocation was silenced since 1717 until a few years ago. From that date to the Savoy Conference it was occupied more with the divine right of kings than principles of Church government. From the time of the Reformation it had compiled the Prayer-book, drawn up the Thirty-nine Articles and Canons, and set forth the authorized version of Holy Scrip ture ; but neither under the Tudors nor under the Stuarts had questions of Church government been practically handled. There had been discussions on the snbject at the Hampton Court and at the Savoy Conferences, but no decisions had been arrived at. Matters remained in the somewhat abnormal state in which they were left at the time of our breach with the Papaoy, when part of the power claimed by the Pope was placed iu the hands of the Crown, part in those of the Archbishop of Canterbury. Previous to the Reformation the practice if not the law of Church government was constantly changed as the Crown, the Papacy, or the Chnrch itself gained the upper hand. The history of the Church from the time of the Conquest to a great extent consists of the struggle for power between the Crown, the Papacy, and the Church. We trace the same kind of struggle in the Anjflo-Saxoa period, when the Papaoy was developing itB full assumptions. But even before the rise of the Papacy, Chnrch government was not as free as it shonld be under the influence of Constantine and his successors. We thus go back to the Council of Nice before we meet with a free and independent Churoh. Hence in England questions of Church government are decided by precedent rather than principle. In- the colonial Church we are bound to go back to first principles and trace so far as we can those principles which underlie the laws of England, but which, as in the case of the emgi <Min in the election of Bishop, may now be no more than a shadow. We eome then to this point, that all the powers which the Crown thought proper to confer through letters patent on the Bishops must now come from the Church. There am of course certain powers inherent in the office of Bishop or embodied in the Prayer-book which the Church cannot touch. There are others with which the General and Provincial Sjnod may have to deal, but in all other points it is for the Church to act. In a general way we must as a Church follow the analogy afforded by the colony under its constitution. Hence many things whioh the late Bishop did and claimed to do under his letters patent, as distinct from the Church, must now be done with the approval of Synod: also possibly many other things which bl&hopB; in England practically do fiom precedent arising during the lemgr silence of Convocation. In this DioceBe many matters .have been settled by trusts—e p., the Cathedral, St. Barnabas College, the Dean and Chapter (Incorporated), whioh in other. colonial Dioceses have been determined by Synod. Some of these trusts have been partially recognised by Synod, bnt they form no part of its constitution. For tbe future aU matters connected with the organization of the Church should be bronght before Sjnod, unless already proviaedl for by Synodical regulations or trust-deed. In the DioceBe of Melbourne Acts have been passed respecting the Cathedral establishment, consecration of Churches, Archidiaconal Councils. In my opinion the question rahed in last Synod respecting tiie Registrar's fees appears to be one in which the Church should have a voice. In this matter we may take a warning from England, aB well as from at least two colonial Dioceses. In England tbe initiation and Church Wardens' fees are still a subject of discontent and resistance, while some charges are simply outrageous. When we were dis-' cusBing the question of theological degrees, and when it was suggested that application should be made to the Archbishop of of Canterbury to confer degrees after examination, especially in connection with the colonial Church, the objection raised waB the high fees. The fees for the degree of B D. conferred causd honoris is or waB £70. We have already acted upon the principle that any Act of the English Parliament-or of Convocation affecting the Church to be of fcrce in this Diccese should be accepted by the Synod. But the principle which I am advocat ng should extend to all new prayers oi services ; additional to thoBe of the Prayerbcok if they are of a permanent character. Our Prayer-book was the work of both Houses oi Convocation. So Bhould it be with new cervices. It should not be in the power of any one man—even a Bishop—to set forth prayers which ate not acceptable to the mass of the clergy. Of one Australian Bishop it was said that he was notoriously deficient in the gift of music and poetry. Of others it is known that tbey have no sense of rhythm or liturgical sequence and harmony. In one order of service for the opening of Synod in a neighbouring DioceBe there is much beauty of expression and thought, but in &ome; points the want of rhythm jars on the ear like a false note of music. Under this head will come the question of innovations and changes in the services of the Pxajer-book, which have no authority from the Church or from the Prayer-book. Of late years some BishopB at home and in the colonies have introduced Bome changes of this kind. To my mind the result can onlyr be anarchy, for no Bishop who violates rubrics by addition or omiBEion c»n sit in judgment on a clergyman, who iu like manner sets his own private judspnent againBt the rule of the Church. I'remember that in the early days of Synod the late Bishop used sometimes to say that it would be his fate to Bee the last of Episcopacy. Practically I doubt whether he gave up a single principle. Still, possibly, he had good cause for anxiety. The experiment of Church goveismest with the voluntary principle was new to the great mass of Churchmen. Popular views of the Church were also - most vague. But now fears of that kind have passed away. Full confidence may be shown in clergy and laity, and the greater confidence shown cannot fail to produce greater unity of sentiment and of action. The late Prince Consort said during the Crimean War that constitutional government was on its trial. So far we have done fairly well; in meeting our peculiar circumstances good foundations have been laid. But much remains to be done to set in order the things that are wanting, and to give fall life and vigour to our Church organization. It still remains to be seen whether the claims of faith and of enquiry, of unity and of truth, of authority and of liberty, of things ancient sod modern, whioh exist in our Churoh almost alone, certainly more than in any other, can be reconciled for the good ana strength of the whole. Properly directed and united they cannot f&Q; to be a source of absolute strength. Not firmly united they must become a source of weakness, as antagonistic one to the other. If we accept the Ignatian principle—without your Bishop do nothing—we are no less mindful of that taught by our late Bishop, and drawn from Cyprian's practice for the Bishop to do nothing without his clergy. Two principles are wanted to do justice to a position— 1\. A bold policy suitable to and growing out of our colonial circumstances; and 2. United action on the part of Bishop, clergy, and laity. We shall never attain our true power so long as the Bishop, clergy, and laity shrink from assnming their proper responsibility, so long aa there is a tendency in Diooesan Synods not to face their own difficulties, but to shift them on to the shoulders of the Geneial Synod, while the General Synod casees them on to Lambeth, while Lambeth can only speak with bated breatb,. bound as Lambeth is to the State. Take tiie question of Church union. Oar late Bishop thought that itcooldbe better discussed in the colonies. So far as he was concerned the discussion did nothiog to promote the object which he had iu view; but his judgment was right in this—that added to the difficulties which raises the question in alF Ifnds in England is added that of the Established Church. What the Churches of Australia, whether separated in Diocsees or united in the General Synod, now want is a clear definite knowledge of their powers and privileges and boldness to make full use of them. The Australian Church must advance, and cannot ba content to be wagged as the tail of the Established Church. The true wants and requirements which no State Church can supply. Nor in providing for a local want need we with a limitation jeopardize or even weaken in the least degree our connection with the old intellectual mother Church, the Church of England. It sometimes appears to me as if some had a dread of the living Church. They speak as if the Holy Ghost were no looger given to the Church as a body, as if the Chnrch of the present day cannot be trusted. Alas! for UB if we live in a time when we cannot expect or depend upon guidance from above, and when truth is supposed to lie alone in the Ictig past. It is not thus that the Lard spoke when He declared that against His Church, on the rock, the gates of Hell shonld ever prevail, or when He promised that the Holy Ghost should abide with His Churoh for ever. Away then with such fears. Let our prayers and efforts be to realize to the all our duties, privileges, blessings as a body composed of living members, acting under head, moved and inspired by one spirit* working together for the good of the whole for the promotion of the glory of God and he good of mankind. A sity that is set on a hill cannot be hid. Let UB act worthily in our position, and show our strength in united ction. Happy is the Church, happy is the happy the clergy, happy the laity ho with a lively faith in God have perfect onfidence one in the other, for with perfect onfidence there must follow, under Christ, his union, which, whether in Church or in tate, is and must be a tower of strength. 