An American millionaire, just dead, i: reported to liavo returned from the Old "World, tvliieh lie visited not long ago, with a strong opinion that Europe was not a safe place for a rich man to live in or to invest in. This view is so curiously unlike what is even now fashionable that it may seem to be only tho fancy of a single crotchety or ill informed person. Conser- vatives genorally would agree to tell us that democracies are a hazardous experi ment, only possible in young .societies, aud that, though kings and aristocracies and established churches aud staudinjr armies are a very costly insurance, they thoroughly attain theirend of preventing violent- change. Tlie American held a different view. He came to the conclusion that Europe would he at tho mercy of communists if it were not for tho great standing nrmies that are maintained very much tu make rebellion impossible, and that keep disaffection to tho existing order alive by afflicting tlio nations with blood tax and labor tax in thoir most aggravated forms. At this moment, if the United States were maintaining an army and navy on the Continental scale, they would be .keeping 600,000 men under arms instead of some 35,000 ; and while their yearly expen diture would be incrensed to something like two hundred millions, or three times their present magnificent revenue, their production would' be diminished by whatever the labor of more than half a million men amounts to. The results for Australia would be' very similar, t-hongh of course less visibly startling. Now it is usual to assume that tho nations of Europe have a great offset to this in' the wealth accumulated in diifercnt shapes during centuries of industrial progress. For instance, their cities iand churches and schools aro bnilt, or nearly, so ; their roads are made ; and iu every country there is a wealthy class drawing an income from its investments, nnd paying toll to tho State. The more, however, these apparent advantages are examined tho more unreal will they appear. There is nob a thriving city of to- day which is not in a state of fluk— that is, in which' houses are not con stantly being pulled down and streets widened as the exigencies of living aud traffic increase. As for roads, not only is the expense of keeping them up enormous, but they have to be supplemented by rail ways and canals, which aro in no cases inherited from the. past. . On the other hand, the nso and misnse of the soil by past generations are often a heavy burden on t-lio people of the Old World. In soino coses it seems as if the elements of fertility had been completely exhausted, as, for instance, in some of tho wine districts of France; and in other cases, reckless forest clearings have been followed by floods and climatic changes that have made whole districts sterile. The" most real wealth, inherited from antiquity consists in the romains of arcliiteeture and . art, which induce wealthy Russians and Americans to scatter in thousands over such countries as France and Italy. Tlio concentration of many millions of people in the western half of a small continent has also this very great advantage — that the societies of Lon don and Paris and Rome, or even of Baden and Monte Carlo, attract pleasure lovers and capital from every part of the world. Still, in spite of all this, the drain of tho State expenditure on unpro ductive labor is so tremendous that the employer enn hardly bear up. against it. .< Uo ii.m the nominal advantage of cheap labor, but he 13 aware tliafc he only gets it lici-anse lie 'cannot employ it productively. Ii ball ;ho armies in; Europe were d is- handed toonorrow, the immediate etTeet M ould no doubt be to glut the labor market, hut iri a year's time the increase of capital from the fresh labor put by the liberated . conscripts into their fields, and by the V remission of taxes to tlio employer, would put countries like France or Germany into t something like the condition of tho United Stales and Australia. Meanwhile, Europe is bristling with arms, and any proposal for a disarmament would he treated by statesmen in every country as a dream. . Nevertheless, Etiropo M-ill have to disarm or to go bankrupt, uiul see her population . loubo her. Men just nou' are asking them selves whether war itself would not ho preferable to the. strain of constant prepara tion for war, and a dread which paralyses I' industry. War can only make the situa tion worse. ft means the immediate destruction of two hundred thousand nr. it may ho half a million able hpdied men; the suspension- of in dustry ; tho demolition of cities, houses and bridges ; ; and a retnrn to the fnrmCr state of standing armies immedi ately afterwards. It means the incrcase.of debt' and taxes, the transfer of trade to J-lnglaml or America, and it may bo famine mid pestilence over largo tracts of country. Nevertheless, all these things are possible, because it is in tlie power of at least two men, the Emperor of Russia or the Emperor of Germany, to declare war at a moment's notice andiuvoivoimlf tlie civilised world in ruin. Of course, every sovereign is more or less in the hands of liis advisers. Unhappily almost every modern sovereign is even more a soldier than n statesman, and is apt to take counsel with the generals who have no higher wish than to test tho solidity and dash of their troops. Tlie crisis may be averted for months, even for years, but tlie chance that peace will ho secured by anything like' a wholesale reduction of standing armies seems further oiF now than at any period of history. That being so, it is scarcely rash to predict that population niul wealth will continue to leave Europe, and will flow steadily towards America anil Australia. "We have no wish to say a word, that may tend to enhance tho oxtra- vagance of the present land boom. That prices should be higher in a country peopled by only a handful of men than they are in Iondon or Paris or .Marseilles or. Hamlmrg is unnatural, and cannot last; but tliafc land here is a safer investment than in any part of Enropc may bo true nono the less. The purchaser in Paris has no security that his investment may not be burdened a year hence with thp cost of a great and possibly an unsuccessful war ; and tho dead charges on property, that represent the cost of old misgovernment, are, as it is, a formidable. burden. Wo are selling and buying more than can be used at present, but we may cherish a reason able expectation that whatever drives men and money from the Old World will send a fair proportion of them to us. It is toler ably. certain, too, that in proportion as Enrope is impoverished will her great cities cease to attract pleasure seekers. The classes who constitute society will bo ruined, collections will he dispersed, and tlie lovers of sport or of the theatre will go to the Now World, which is already begin- ningto attract these classes. Tho general 1 result to Europe need not bo ruinous. Much that Continental Socialists desiro is essentially harmless and good, though its apostles are apt to talk melodramatically about it ; and a strong infusion of Ameri can or Australian democracy might leaven K the socioty of the Old World very much to H its advantage. Tho essential change re quired is that the sovereign should cease to be the First Soldier, and content hiiasclf with being the First Magistrate. Standing armies are a eursein themselves, as they per- petually suggest war, but tho burdens which .. standing armies, impose upon industry are a canker destroying tho very life of the community. Unless a groat ohnngo comes, (lie. prediction of tho B A'liericnn capitalist that property is not wife in Europe seems certain to bo verified. ,'5a Governments-will bo bankrupt and its ii, boring population desperate. SlIALL wo continue to import our Bishops 1 is one of the questions discussed in the Church Assembly last wcok in the bearing of the Bishop of Melbourne, and it is not a little significant of the growth of on Australian opinion in matters spiritual as well as temporal that it should have been answered in the negative. Tlie dis cussion was raised by a motion of Mr. W. T. C. Kelly, " That in the opinion of " this Assembly in all future appointments " of a Bishop for the dioceso of Melbourne; " tho qualifications of tho clergymen then " ofiiciating in the Australasiau colonies " should reeeivo first consideration." The motion was seconded by Archdeacon Stretch, suil supported by the Venerable Doan of Melbourne and others, all of whom, there- sire, may be taken to have concurred in '.ho opinion that we have clergymen amongst is M'lio avo amply qualified to discharge jbo dutios of tho Episcopate, and that w long U3 that is tho case it is unfair to deprive them of the privilege of coriipeting for tlio post whenever it becomes vacant. In tliis opinion wc feel quite satisfied that nino-tcntbs of the. laity would be fonnd to cordially coincide, if their suffrages could be taken on the matter. There never has lieen a time in tho history of the colony when wo have been unable to find local barristers to fill the position of judges of the Supreme Court with credit and dis tinction. If anyone woro to suggest that tlie appointments should bo reserved to the Secretary of State in England, and that the appointees should he men trained in the English courts and possessed exclu sively of English experience, ho would be laughed at for bis pains, it not handed over bodily to tho young lious of the Australian Natives' Association, to be dealt with as Mr. Turves in his mercy may direct. And yet it is of infinitely more importance to the general community that no one but a thoroughly qualified lawyer should occupy a seat on tlio Bench than that a sound Divine with a perfect know- lodge of the uses of tlio Pr;cter-pluperfeet Tense and a becoming sense of tho import ance of tho Apostolic Succession to tlio salvation of mankind should dispenso the hospitalities of Bishop's I'niace to the ministers of his Denomination. No ono will pretend that there are no men of learning and character among us' who could hold their own against some of the- Bishops that la the fathers of the Church in England have 5 sent out to take charge of Australian sees ; and if that is tlie case, why should we be doomed to see all the prizes of the profes sion pass into the hands of strangers '! It is quite possible that we niay occasionally get a man of pre-eminent abilities by importing him; but tho chances aro that men of pre-eminent abilities will not quit tho wider field of distinction they enjoy at homo for tlio colonies, or that tliey will return home as soon as over tho tempta tion to do so is offered to them. Wo know from experience that this is what nsually happens, and there is no reason to supposo tlmt.it will not continually happen. As !li.-liop Goe reminded his audience in the Assembly room, a .whole year elapsed between tho retirement of Dr. Moorhouse and Ills own appointment to the see, though fjj llishop Goe still seems to think, notwith- ; standing, that " ihe sco of Melbourne was jfl " not a snitabloone tobefilled by clergymen ;> f' who hftd been resident in Australia." It would be interesting to havo beard his reasons for this opinion, more especially as he had just before acquiesced in the Direc tion to bringing Bishops from England on tho ground " that they had much to leans "and much to unlearn beforetlicy became in " touch M'ith colonial -ways of thinking." 1 f colonial experience is essential to a suf fragan Bishop such as the Bishop of Bal- iarafc, for example, one would have thought \- that it would he a still stronger recommen dation to his ecclesiastical superior who had tlie charge of all tho churches in the colony. Wc ennnot understand why Bishop Goo should make tho exception in his own case at the very moment that ho admits that "an English Bishop, wluigenorallycameout "either in middle age or even in advanced "lifo, had much to learn before lie could be "an efficient Australian Bishop." Surely, if this reasoning is good for any thing at all, it is in favor of selecting tile leading Aus tralian Bishops from clergymen with Aus tralian rather than English experience. We do not know whether tlio formal record of .this opinion on the minutes of tlio Church Assembly by tho success of Mr. Kelly's motion Is intended to ho anything more t-haii formal, hut the existing system cannot last for ever, and it is therefore not without its value to occasionally contemplate tho possibility niul oven the expediency of changing it. Tho church is a profession, liko medicine or tlie Inn. It is a pleasing ecclesiastical fiction that nobody joins it for- what tlioy cxpeot to get. nut of i t ; 1 1 1 1 1, nevertheless it more often than not constitutes tho only means of living to those who enter npon it; and it is unreasonable to restrict their chances of bettering themselves by with holding the best billets in it from their grasp. To judgo from Sir Thomas M'll wraith's demand on tho Colonial Oifice to bo eqpsnlfced about tho choice of the next Viceroy for Queensland, M'e are just on tlio point of committing ourselves to an agitation for nominating onr own Gover nors, which will probably end in a claim to keep the patronage anil tlio appointments in our own hands altogether ; and it will bo quite in. keeping with tho movement if wo fill up our own bishoprics with our own men also. It will certainly never do to dissolve our relations with the Patronage Secretary in the one ease, and remain depen dents on Lambeth in tho other, because that would imply that wo could trust our selves to provide for our wants in tho larger sphere of national lifo, but not in tho smaller. Wo entirely disagree with the action taken by Sir Thomas M'Uwraith if it moans anything more than tlie claim to object to the appointment of an objec tionable person to Government House, because we cannot possibly lio in a position to dictate to the Colonial Office whom it shall send us : hut so far his action is in harmony with the democratic spirit of colonial society, which is getting mora and more impatient of Imperial interference in the administration of its domestic affairs. In natural correspondence with this feel ing on the political side would be the desire to mould our religious institutions after our own hearts, and to dispenso as far as possible witli the extraneous assist ance of institutions that are not in keeping with them. In England, where tho Church is a giiosi-political body, and the organ of the Monarchy quite as much as of the Holy Ghost-, a Bishop means a ve'iv dif ferent thing and occupies a very different status from what he does in a community whore all the sects aro equal and no sect can claim closer relations with the State than its neighbors. When we import a Bishop from England, therefore, we import a man who is bred up in these preposses sions, and who brings them to the colony with him ; arid the consequence is we place him at once in a false position towards his flock, whicli is highly undesirable for both parties. I' - 