THE STORY-TELLER. KILLING NO MURDER. Yea 1 Neatly forty years have "made no end of a differenoe in this country, as you know as well as I do—and let me tell you that -is one of the greatest charms 'of colonial life—at least for us old fellows. We have the satisfaction of looking round us, and thinking, if we don't say it, " Well, I had a share in i making Australia what it is." In the old countries change >b so slow, and the founda tion has been laid so long ago, that the in- | dividual loses himself, and is muddled np in : the crowd. But here every one had eloow room, and conld mostly find out the mark which he had himself made. Some of us made preoious small marks. Bat, for all that, we were contented with them, and hardly took the trouble of regretting that they weren't bigger and deeper. I found myseif up at Forest Creek in '54, with a few thousands of the rarest boys any country ever saw. Barring a few diggers from California, and a very small infusion of j the "old hand" element, we were mostly youngsters from the old countries—English, . Irish, and Scots—and there wasn't a man of us who wasn't able to hold his own in a ■ " rough and tumble," or a hard day's work at the bottom of the shaft with pick and shovel. Many of the boys had been swells at home, and aome of them had prepared for bush life in Oxford, Cambridge, and "Old Trinity.' Lord, how hard digging came to us at first! Hands blistered, and backs nearly broken in two I Ugh 1 it was awful 1 But there waB real grit there, boys; and when the skin got hard, and the book began to feel more of a pieoe, the swells took to it kindly, and at any rate they never funked. I had a mate-then— one of the best fellows the snn ever shone on. Poor Bob! Boh Mullen was hiB name. A big, stout, strong fellow—one of those men who get into your heart aome way or other, and once they are in never go out again. They take up their lodging there, boys, and the tenancy is for just as long as the blessed old eoncern beats. It Was a time which required true friends; and, to tell you the truth, I think that tnie friends have become ! scarcer since those days. But to my story. Oar hut was built along side the creek. It wasn't quite such an elaborate affair bb the house where we live now. But, at any rate, we had made it com fortable enough for " baching." Near us, however, there was a big family tent pitched one day as we came back from work; and Bob and I speculated as to who and what our neighbours were. Of course we went over, and offered our assistance to the old man and bis son when we saw them in a muddle, and in a short time we made friendB without much trouble on either side. And in that tent I met my fate. I'm too old now to hark back and tell you a love story, because, though the romanoe of love is all very well when a fellow can stroke a fluffy moustache on his upper lip, it is not quite as appropriate when he scratches a grey pate. Mary Uardiner was a woman made to be loved; and I fell down and worshipped her. Abont a couple of mouths after this our luck was any thing but good. We had sunk a shaft by the side of the creek, and it turned out "a rauk duffer." Neither of ub was much of a money-grubber, and our reserve : was uncommonly small. It was no joke living at that time without money or dust things were so awfully dear. Even tuoker cost a fellow no end of money; and, though there were open hands in plenty, and open hearts too, we weren't the men to "Sponge." It was a blue lookout for a while, I can tell you. At last we decided to proBpeot in one of the northern gullies, and the next day we started out with pick, shovel, and dish. Pro specting is a bit disheartening, unless you drop upon something good. For two or three days we never saw " the oolour," and we came home with our tails down to the very ground. At length our patienoe was rewarded. We happened to be sit ting down, eating our tuoker on the hill looking down over Moonlight Flat, when Bob, as he was getting up, struck the point of the pick into the ground, and turned up |a speck of about J dwt.JjYou may take your Davy we weren't long setting to work on the spot, and before evening we had done a fair lot of sinking. We went home with light hearts, and Mary gave us a weloome worth something when we brought her the news. Well, we worked hard, and lived hard, and our prospeote grew pretty bright again. In fact, our claim promised to become a very rich one—as, indeed, it turned out to be. Sunday on the diggings in the early fifties wasn't much like what it is in the later eighties, I can tell yon. It was the day for washing and general tidying, for oards and nips of whiBky aud rum, and for general strolling about among the grand old gum trees which lined the sloping sides of ths hills, and cast scanty shadows on therioh earth. Now, when you stroll out without any special object you insensibly incline to some place in which you have an interest; aud so one Sunday Bob and I were out we turned in the direction of our claim. When we reached the rise of the hill we were astonished to hear a regular jabbering from the shaft; and when | we approached twenty or thirty dirty China men went off quietly on the opposite side. They were the first of the yellow rasoals we hsd seen about, and as thoroughly ruffianly a lot they were as any man coula wish to see in - a day's travel. There was especially one scowling brute, and, you may believe me or not, when this fellow turned to look at us I j felt that strange shiver one feels now and i then, and which we desoribe as some one walking over one's grave. "Blame their] caroases," said Bob; "what do the beasts ' want here!" We searched all round, and found our little property untouched; and gradually I reasoned ] myself out of my fasoy. A drop of ram when we reached home, and afterwards a quiet "spoon" with Mary, made me all light again; so that before another week the whole circnmetance had dropped from my mind. In about a fortnight or eo I took a 1 stroll by myself on Sunday evening, and again found myself in the neighbourhood of the claim. I may tell you we bad bottomed I on first-class stuff, and everything looked bright again. In fact, it had been decided that when we had tried the dirt and found that it was eqnal to onr expectations, Mary I and I should go down to Melbourne and ! become man and wife—a nice little "pro speot," which made me doubly anxious about : the other "prospeot." You can fancy then, what I felt when, as I came near, I saw. the same dirty yellow mob yabbering away, and hauling up the stuff as fast as they oould from the bottom of the shaft. You may bo sure that I made at them with a good-sized black thorn stick in my hand. They took to their : heels. I was gathering np the shovels and picks which were lyiog about, when I saw *tbe same ugly-looking fellow whom I had notioed before-coming out of the shaft. I was as angry as a man could be, and determined to give him as good a thrashing as ever a yellowskin got in the world. The beggar squared off at me; and as he bad a ] p'ok in his hand, and the others were aoming up again when they saw I was alone, things began to look shady. Be let out with the I pick. and lnokily he 'only struck the shovel. Well, how it ooohrred I oan scarcely tell yon. The whole thing was done quickly. Bat my shovel oame down on the beggar's neck, and he fell as if he was shot, with the blood spurting oat of one of the arteries like a pump. It is a qneer feeling one has after wonnding seriously another mortal. For a minute 1 believe I should have given my half of the claim if that fatal stroke had been undone. But it was done, and I had to make the best of it. The other fellows gathered round the wounded man, and after a while carried him off. Just then by chanoe a bobby marohed up. and the upshot of it was that I found myself in the camp that beauti ful Sunday evening chained to a log, and j abont the most down-hearted man in Vio toris. Of oourse both Mary and.Bob oame to see me; and the stockade was surrounded by a few hundred diggers—most of them swearing vengeanoe against all the "Johns" in Australia. Gaols were primitive affairs then. A prisoner was brought into the stook ade—and with drunks and unlioenBed diggers there woe no scarcity of them—and he was juBt hitched to a heavy log and left there. I oan safely say that never before or sinoe did I spend such a miserable night after the noise , of the camp had oeased, and there wasn't a sound except the yelp of some our, or the j mournful cry of the ourlew. I had often enough camped out with the same sounds all round me. But I hadn't killed a Chinaman, and my dreams were all about a huge river of blood getting higher and higher until it threatened to drown me. Well, the next morning the news oame that Ah Hooey was dead; and the news did not make my position anything pleasanter. I must tell yon that at that time the relations between the 1 authorities and the diggers were anything bat cordial. The tyranny to which miners had to submit wasn't calonlated to make and keep them loyal; and yon know that the Ballarat men actually took np arms to fight against it. The Folioe Magistrate at the j (keek at that time was one of those fellows who took a delight in doing their duty as harshly as they possibly oan; and he was as well hated by tbe diggers as he deserved to be. And that is saying mnch. He had to make snenquiry abont the Chinaman's death; and be thought it a goad opportunity of having a Bhy at one of the hated diggers. A Jury was got together, and it gave in a ver diot of " Death through misadventure." The foreman of tbe Jury was a graduate of Cam bridge ; and the " misadventure" part of the verdiot waB laid down to him; and, I under stand, quite correctly. Now, each a ver dict would have justified the P.M. in setting me- free; but that wasn't bis opinion, I was brought back to the logs, under the pre tence that instructions had to be waited for from Melbourne ; and another night of horror was before me. My darling Mary and my chum, almost equally dear, did all they could to console me. But 1 was as blue as blae could be; and they at. last went off. Bob saying that he should see whether anything could be done. Now there was hardly a man in the whole camp, with the exception of the P.M., whose sympathies were not entirely { with me. Both the polioe and the soldiers did < what they oould to make my position easier, 1 bnt the prospect of sticking tied to a log nntil instructions oould be received from Melbourne, and afterward having to stand one's trial perhaps for murder, was anything but pleasant for a yonng fellow of some 25 years of age; and, I can tell yon, I hadn't much hope of anything better turning np. Well, my friend Bob had an aoquaintanoe in the police. He was a friend of mine too. And how th$y concocted it between them I don't know. But that night Bob got over the Stoekade'fence^and my taokle was loose in a short time. We didn't stop to swap knives then, yon may bet yonr last half crown. ■ The sentinel was blind, for the minute, and we were over the slicks in a twinkling. The soldier fired when he caught sight of us, but I am sure that be had no in tention of hitting. After one kiss from Mary I we were away, and got safe through the busn across Mount Alexander. I needn't tell yon of other adventures we had at the varions * rushes." We worked through several, sometimes with good luck and sometimes with bad. At last we went to Ballarat, and there I lost my dear friend. Bob was going past a shaft one day, when be learned that it had fallen in, and, like the. brave fellow he was, he was the first to go down to the help of the men bnried beneath the earth. Foor fellow, he had scarcely reached the bottom when another ; mass fell and pinned him down. I happened to be going down what is now called Bridge street when 1 saw the litter on which they were bringing him to the hospital. When he saw me his eyes brightened np, and the awfal film for a moment cleared away, " Kiss me. Jaok," he whispered; and with that last kiss poor Bob passed away. Ay, boys, it was hard—wasn't it? How hard it was no one but myself will ever know. Well, I prospered in Ballarat. I lost no time in sending for Maty, and we were married. How happy we have been yon oan learn from herself, and she deserved all the happiness I could give her. Bnt I haven't < told you the most cations part of the whole bnBiness—whioh makes the story worth tell ing. I never oared abont thinking of Forest Creek. There was very little of a row kicked np abont my escape, for people cared pre cious little abont a confounded Chinese, and I don't suppose if I had gone book in a ooup'e of months that a single word would have been said to me, as my friend tbe P.M. had been removed. Still I couldn't like the place somehow, and I never oould get along with the chaff of my mates about " Who hilled the Johnny?'' and all that sort oi stuff. After Borne years, however, I heard of a good opening for investment at tbe Creek, and after' considerable mental debate I deter mined to make a visit. What changes had been made. I should scarcely have known the place; and I had considerable difficulty in even making out the old landmarks. One day I was lonnging at the hotel door when I noticed a Chinaman coming down the sta-eet with a pair of baskets swung on the' oane. He had a peculiar twist in his neck; but his face tmd been impressed too vividly on my memory for me to forget it. It was my Cbinaman, and no other. They are so confoundedly like each other that, as a general rule, it is bard to -distinguish them apart. Bnt, as I had seen the fellow in my dreams on an average twice a fortnight or eo, J oould cot be mistaken if any one else oould. There he was, or his ghostand ghosts are not given to carrying-panniers. It might be a twin brother, to be snre; bnt it was too much to expeot that any two would be so infer nally ugly. I thought, too, that when he caught my eye the fellow looked surprised; and at any rate I was determined to satisfy myself hbont it before I left the place. Now Chinamen, as a rule, are not mnoh regarded by white folk, and unless that they are dirty devils, and would live where a Euro pean wonld starve, we know little about them. - Tbe police'are the exceptions, turd I wasn't long in getting Sergeant Fronde to give me hisasaistance. The sergeant wu one of thoae eate customers who eo useful in the force, and who keep* sharp eje upon aU the pretty fellows who might require attention. He at onoe spotted my man, and knew him onder the name of Lee Hooey. But, of course, whether he was Lee or Ah the sergeant could not tell, aa he had been only a short time etationed at the Creek, and knew nothing about the "misadventure" nntili told him. Some of yon may think it strange that I took enoh a lot of trouble; bat I can tell yon when yon kill a man—even a Chinaman—it leaves a queer feeling, after it; and, if possible, I wanted to get rid of the feeling. The sergeant was a brfok. Lee Hooey was no creditable member of society, Oven in the Chinese camp; and the polioe had him onder their thumb. By dint of threats, and also by the ooaxiug of a few of my nuggets, he was induoed to oonfess the whole effair; and when I heard the etory I was blessed nearly finishing the job there'and then. Lord, how mad I waa—when I thought of all the trouble we had had, when I thought of the worry and remorse (unde served though it was), when X thought of poor Bob and hie last words on earth. To tell yon the truth, if I could have finished him off I believe it would have been a thorough ■ relief. It eeems that they had carried him off, and cured him themselves. It was a nasty oraok. There wbb no donbt about it. And, as one of the mob died the evening before, they manufactured the corpse for the oocarion. 1 don't suppose it via a pleasant thing for either the police, the Magistrate, or the Jury. So the examination was of the shortest, and no one Buspeoted any triok. The blackguards had a double string to their bow—a bit of revenge they had on the one eide—and aa we were driven off the ground they had the reversion of our olaim, A splendid claim it turned ont to be; and many's the good solid ounce of our gold found its way to the Flowery Lend. That's the etory, boys: and you may judge whether I am likely to have muoh love for the vellow Dlague which we have with ua much against our wilL -Spebo Melioba, in Town ana vountry. 