SUEZ MAIL EXTRACT^' \ The firat attempt to tow a huge raft ck,.^ from Nova Scotia to New York was a fan*: ¿ the second was a grand success. The eutT cost of moving the logs taken from 22,Cj trees was only 5000 dole. To have remov^ them by the ordinary means would have re-1 quired more than fifty sohooners, which would cost about 40,000 dois. It is the intention to bring over another raft during the present season. There are those who believe that bringing rafts of logs from Nova Seotia will revolutionise the lumber trado of New York and other Atlantic cities. Bafts constructed in future will be built so as to offer less resistance to the water. They will be built more like the hull of a vessel, and the outside logs will be peeled bo that they will move through the water easier. It is now suggested that the experiment of bringing rafts of logs from Oregon, "Washing- ton, and Alaska, to California, Mexico, and cities in Central and South America should be tried. There is a vast supply of excellent lumber on the Pacifie coast, but it is badly distributed. It is mostly north of the region that contains nearly all the inhabitants. Ex- periments Bhould also be tried, it is urged, in bringing rafts of logs from Brazil and Central America to the Atlantic ports of the United StateB. The " Reverend" Dr. Oswald Keating, so well, and at one time popularly, known in the Australian colonies as a preacher, before it was discovered that his letters of orders were not correct, and who has served a term of imprisonment both in Auetralir. and in Eng- land, has recently been in trouble again. Summoned before the Edmonton Sessions for assaulting his tailor, a poor, half-paralysed , old man, by hitting him in the mouth and striking him with au umbrella, he so violently | conducted himself, calling the tailor a liar, that he had to be called to order by the magistrate. Ia the end, the Reverend Dr. Keating was fined 10s, and 11s costs, or four teen days imprisonment. He elected to pay¡ the money, and left the court protesting that the tailor had committed perjury about the fit of the coat which was in question. Owing to the difficulty of obtaining store cattle from Ireland, now that pleuro-pneu monia prevails in parta of that country, the Farming World anticipates a considerable importation of Canadian animals, three cargoes of which, over a thousand altogether, hare already arrived at Aberdeen. One cargo on being sold, averaged £15 15s each, and another £13 10s 2d. They should be good beasts to pay at the former price, after being knocked about in crossing the Atlantic. Last year the trade in Oanadain store beasts proved unremunerative to the shippers, and was speedily given np. An interesting experiment has been made at Toulon, with the object of demonstrating the utility of a captive balloon in observing from a considerable height the movements of an enemy's fleet. A naval officer seated in the car of the balloon was in telephonic com- munication with the frigate Indomptable, to the commander of which he signalled, ob if in actual warfare, all that he could observe from his elevated position. ' * A new form of amusement, termed " The Aerial Flight," has recently been inaugu gurated at Blackpool. The invention, which is an extensive construction, was advertised as giving " the sensation of ballooning with- out danger." On September 10th, however, a wire rope which supported a car broke, and ?even persons-four men and three wo men- the occupants of the car, were dashed to the ground from a height of about 30 feet. They all sustained injuries more or less severe. Some particulars are giyen by a Guernsey correspondent of the mysterious murder of an English tourist at St. Malo. An English gentleman named^ Clarkson and hiB adopted son were on a visit to St. Malo from Cardiff. On the 5th inet, they had dined at a restaur- ant, and, after dinner, the son, who was abouti twenty-three years ef age, and is understood I to have been a olera in the employment of tie/ Great Western Bailway Company at Penartb,/J left (he restaurant to go to an adjasetltjj tobacconist's. As he did not return, buf father the following morning placed *¥/" matter in the hands of the police, *3? ., was informed by them that the boa/r* ¿ an Englishman had that morning Jffn mclean1 nn on the beach sever/4 _8 ., away, and wa» then in the mortuWT'/'J;11 visiting that place, Mr. Clarkson W. V16 body to be that of his «ou. All tb«H£.ftbleB in the possession of the deceased,*'*? lng.a gold watch and chain and sever^F1"8.in English gold, had been Btolen, u left except a few coppers. At 'W*?'? was opened, but, as is not unnsuB/'arlc ..ca8^B' it was decided that there was^jf5^881^ Í£r making any special investís," r*.¡,. e circumotances. The affair p parallel with the ciroumstaííf " .T1 \u well ¡Temembered, in con«" Tu-u ,? death of the late journ¿ M'Neill, at Boulogne. /, , _, "" It fe not generally ktf #hat Mm.' ^T Caird, who has inmrVF*.0, noto?fr .«* audacious proposals ^ matrimonial arrongements, has wjf'«couple of novels oalledUpectively, ".#m,NaAur6 Lea,d°«>," and '(One That Wi#-nderthePHettd°nym of'% Noel Hatto>#' TfiW t-.îr. ".»Jlf<'*aB Grand Army of J.OB tram carSac i /m.. , '.i *Tbgetown, Ohio, to the mt at Columbus, was instant near Wads worth. of the locomotive broke as waiting on a curve for ivy freight train following rear of the special, wrecking f which were completely de excuriioniots left the cara cam«. As they hurried down ent the wrecked coaches rolled killing four and injuring twenty thej Veterans from national enea: wrecked on The donnecti while the ' repiire. dasaed j four cars, mo/iehed before t] (be emb, upon AÍ intoj fatally. The freight train was but could not stop on account ep grade, fidea of the quantity of rain that haB uring the past sommer in England gathered from the particulars regis ; Bothamstead Laboratory by Sir J. 8. August waa not quite io wet a month 1er of the two preceding ; «till, rain fell on Kenty-one days out of the thirty-one. Thqptel rainfall recorded at Bothamstead forje three months, June, July, and August, amdited to over 12 inches, which is equal to the I'ormous amount of 1223 toni of water to oh acre of land. This, accompanied by a 1er temperature and lack of sunshine, is calcjated to bring on rust, mildew, and bligiamong the crops. Sejpua floods have occurred in the Tyrol audltitzerland. The town of Moritz is eabmrged, Two earthquake shocks have taken place in Greece, causing great destruction of property. The Journal of Education has published a series of answers to the examination- papers given at a well-known girls' high school to the sixth form, which for absurdity, confusion, and blundering have never been surpassed. One damsel describes John Wesley as " an eminent divine who flourished in the fifteenth century." having presumably mistaken him Cor Wolsey, and even then Bhe is a century ut. Another states that the Pian of Cam ïign "is almost universally connected with the"'h¡í*tary manouvreB." The leadership of a» Saje of Commons is assigned in different papers to§ic Eobert Peel» Lord Salisbury, and Mr Gr»Btone reBP6Cturely» and Mr. Jessie CollinesiB de80ribed flf> Lor _Justice of Euglah wb,jle *}* 0f,binet is df fined as «amúsica' «d*°°*« u^\ thinks that the Horn6 °ffi,ce » th,e Place where the Home Eule »¡«T^?l*°* 7T, \ go when you want to getSRXfeTy tag, A request for an explanation^ {?°J"i "ï hA " The devil is not so black bb S¿BP£n&dnY.; was met by the answer that « K?'6 ¿mdü0K all the devil's temptations unpleasiw ( * .,' but in reality they are not." Truth i^\ner there is a deal of humbug about the " hi education," of our young females, if t! answers are a fair sample of the result of teaching. The London correspondent of the Liver _7 n-ji ?jjuvb ¿juuy jrosi, wrues :-?.. a aere is íreBü news of Lord Lonsdale. Ae was stated in this correspondence some months ago, the noble lord, having abandoned the pursuit of stage management, had eet out in search of the North Pole. He started from Winnipeg, i accompanied by a dog and his Talet, The va- let returned some weeks later nita the hea- vier portion of Lord LonBdale's ontît, which the Indians engaged for escort dscliued to carry. The Indians report Lord 'Lonsdale as having reached a place called Chippewayan, | a settlement thirty miles south of Lake Atha- ¡ basca. Last winter on Lake Athabasca was ¡ so severe that they were unable to hunt, an j Buffered cruel privations. Oat of a camp. M twenty-three Indians, nineteen died of star*1' tion at a point five days' journey north-*,flfc J of Chippewayan. The Hudson Bay P"1* pany, hearing of the disaster, organise an j= expedition, and brought the four surjrora * into camp. Lord Lansdale, according0 tue e latest report, is, in face of the coming"'Q*eri F considerably north of the place wb*'a *mB " tragedy befel." - * Considerable exoifoment has pré>?"ed in San Sebastian and the Basquo Princes of ' Spain generally in consequence tftBe late 5 order or threat of tbs Gfovernme»''0 °l°se » ? monastery of E»noiscan monke*t Euenter- l< rabia. The resolution of the Government ! appear» to baye been taken, beau«? inflttm.- 3 matory language iris employedîrom the pul- ' pit by certain priests in exhoting the con- ° gregations not to support the Liberal candi- * dates in the forthcoming protncial elections. ° Conspicuous among these ?aa one Eather * Ignatius, who wed most mmeasured lan- . guage. This 'pBM* is said^o bate taken an ' active part in ti« Carlißt wir, having tempo- c ranly discarded the cassoik for a soldier's uniform »nd the crucifix for a rifle. He f ..." ii. ii.nl. _ï r»_v. n»«ln»'i, aamir 1 uuuorm »">» -~ ~u«.»u* ».~» - -.-. - fought in ^e ran«8 of Don Carlos's army e throughout tia campaign. It is said that. \- aow [n fiew of. the representations and pro* h mi8e'B 0f tis leading clergy of the district, î {{¡g re(oJQtion of the Government is, for the \- preseI)t at least, suspended.. The moral of ', tf,e jDCideDt would prove that Carl ism is by 3 na weiO>10 ¿öad as we have been taught to " bel/eró. / ! ¡Tie &0(-y of » gentleman, apparently about i.QjtW'pt age, was found early on the morn- ing of September 11 on the Midland Kail way, f jjj-Hßveratock Hill station. He was lying J cn tiff line> and tb8 npper part of his head ; ¡ita been completely taken off by a passing * tttiaJ A Glasgow ticket was found in his ./pocket, together with an excess" luggage 'Ititlet. From papers in his possession it is 'ifeUeved that he is a traveller from Australia. I /Is it not (asks Pundi) within the bounds \tf probability that to the highly-coloured pic '¿brial advertisements to be seen on almost all the hoardings in London, vividly representing Sensational scenes of murder, exhibition as "the great attractions" of certain dramas, the public may be to a certain extent indebted for the horrible crimes in Whitechapel ? We say it most seriously ; imagine the effect of those gigantic pictures of violence and ass- assination by knife and pistol on the morbid imagination of unbalanced minds. These hideous picture-posters are a blot on our civilisation aVd a disgrace to the drama. A Merthyr Tydfil correspondent writes : " A traot of land in "Wicklow, Ireland, be- longing to the Crown, is about to be worked for gold by Mr. Pritchard Morgan, who has obtained the necessary licence of the Crown. The area of the land, which will be operated upon by a proprietary of several gentlemen, is 59 square miles, and it appears that gold mines were worked there formerly, but the operations were atopped by the intervention 200 years ago of a military force. Mr. Morgan believes that Welsh gold reefs cross under the Channel to Wicklow." -^ St. Mary s Eoman Catholic Church, Brad- ford, was the scene of an extraordinary oc- currence on the morning of Sunday, Sept. 9. Just before the commencement of Mass, a woman sitting in a pew was seen to make a stab at a soldier in front. She was over- powered and removed by the police, to whom she made a curious statement. Before her] marriage, she said, she was annoyed by the attentions of a man, who since her marriage had appeared to her in various disguises. Three weeks ago she thought she saw him io church in the dress of a soldier. In order to mark him, she brought a pair of scissors to church, sat behind him, and attempted to stab him. iahe afterwards admitted that he was the wrong man. The woman is an American, and was iu an asylum a few years ago. She is on a visit to friends at Bradford. The soldier, a sergeant in the Easex regiment, named James, was badly cut on the ear, but is not dangerously wounded. It is officially stated that the marriage of the young Emperor of China, who is now in his eighteenth year, will take place on the 24th day of the Firat Moon in 1889. Two millions of taels-equal to half-a-million sterling-have been granted from the publio revenues to defray the expenses of the cere- mony and the accompanying festivities, .and I twice that sum has been subscribed by the people in the provinces. Some doubts of the spontaneity of these " benevolences," however, are suggested by the fact that express courier« have for some time been traversing the »*? empire charged with the mission of impie88' ing on the local authorities the necesiitf &>r paying up by the end of the year. It ia said that them irill be a great deal of business to be done ii the preliminary sitting of the Parnellite Commission. Many perjonn other thin the proprietors ofth82W» and Mr. Parnell, are hkely to claim to be mom seated during the inquiry. The London cor respondent of the Manchester Obtirier is in formed that an Americn counsel practising in London mil be among the English »ni Irish lawyers who are to have briefs. Al though the Scotch action instituted by Mr" Parnell against the limes is not taken at all seriously, the defendants are pushum on with every possible preparation for the defence. A terrible cliff accident occurred at Tor quay on September 13. Major Datrel Blake" who has been on a visit to Dr. Bamsav at Torquay, as his patient, for eighteen months past, was out at Babbacombe walking when he fell over a huRe cliff into a quarry a distance of 250 feet, and was killed instan taneously. The quarry was fenced, and it is not kuown how the gentleman fell over Major Blake was 53 years old, and of failinê intellect. 6 Mrs. Beecher Stowe is suffering from brain disease, of which she had an attack about thirty years ago. She eats nothing, and is only sensible at internals. As she has ex- pressed a wish to die in her home at Hart- ford, an attempt will be made to move her, by steamer, from Long Island Village. M shocking discovery was made at Ohorley. Lanu!hire' on SePtember 12. The body of the BTV. John Hafffeflw°rth, priest at St. Mary's1?.0111"11 0fttll0,ic Chapel, Chorley, who tíad imf ? 8uddenIy» «"»s placed on a cata- falque ii j£ronfc of tne altar> *or awning Hervice AtVfJ1 o'clock the body was left , "i--- the coflfn heiog covered by a pall, MQimi which dadles were burning. At abJUf holf-past n\e o'clock the following mnaiag the churchVas discovered to be on f/e. The Corporation fi"> brigade were im- mediately Bummoned.V011^ a^t6r tbe flames jad been extinguished n\ waa found that the body had been burned to\aBbe8« ^e event has caused a great sensation ia tne distri°k "lama true blue Meredith? Person," said Mr. Stevenson, in an interviewtwifcb a oorre8 pondeDtof the San Francisco I)3l% Examiner, "I think George Merideth out tfnd away the great force in English letters, VT,1 don ' know whether it can be consid«^.a w6rf encouraging thing thaf he has nolF.beooine popular, or whether wè should thintflL "«IS1' discouraging thing thai he should hovel*T*611 so long without any encouragement wom.*6'' It is enough, for insjbnce, to diBgasfiE*,?MX with the whole trade of letters that jB-n * book as ' Ehoda Eleáing' should havfA *ftlle" flat; it is the strongest thing in ^A?.8îf letters since Shakespeare died, and if SP J* e" speare could have/read it he would"|ir5IB jumped and criei ' Here's a fellow !' ^v other living write/of English fiction oaii m °f compared to Me/difch. He is the first, a w\ the others-are/* he. There is Hardy, 'JIP* course, I wou/gfre my hand to write Iii w* Hardy. I havfsen sentences of his that î V_ don't think cb«! be bettered in any writer vj Ä* in anvj^iguagl Still, I serre ander Men/- Mf dith's »Hours i»ya." «4« " Lord Willif Beresford, who hafl just started for Inf will it is reported shortly marry Miss Li-Fox, a sister of Mrs. Weld Blundell, of l&'and well known in London for her remaiWe beauty. Míbb Lane-Fox is a Boman Oolic. This will be one of the cb ef mairim«« events^ of the year, as Lord William is o|f the principal young men of light and lew in the fashionable world intrepid, wijifend popular as is his brother, Lord Oharlpresford. ; Truth leíihat the Prince of Wales in . tends to iffhe Oddfellows, and he will , probably hHjiated into one of the Norwich ; lodges befiipe end of the year. Í The pecjming in the neighbourhood of ; one of thfMie cemeteries have of late been ) much exojm in their minds by sounds of > revelry b#t issuing from among the tomb» I atones at/filnues of the gloomy graveyard. ? Not beilajuperstitious folk, they never i dreamedijftributing these midnight pheno . mena tffpernatural causes. The theory, moreoviwat ghosts might be indulging in . wild or/tijp the small hour« of the morning i would Inflfeen at once refuted by the fact that tbipa and cries which disturbed their slumbtiJBuhi proceed from none but the i stoute inman throats. Such songs they ' were, »H AH the popular ditties of the , day, ierlfingled with a strong element of very iBwca^ ,vr'c productions-Anacreon i tics '"W3^6 de Montmartre. The simplest ? j courjiwtead of sending for the priest and his tf jff exorcise theBe restless spirits, waa to cflnlnicate with the police, Accordingly, wri« »fjcorreepondent, at the witching hour of ghtjjfan inspector, accompanied by a good ïotioîfergents-de-villô, mode his appearauce in is ofmetery. The party proceeded eau« tiojlyfto the scene of the disorder, and fold I couple of score of vagabonds regal in themselves in a vault with some bottles ocboice wine which they had stolen during t) day. Seventeen men in all were marched ¿to the lockup, headed by their ringleader, ti old miscreant, who certainly might have j ton expected to set them a better example. is it happens, many of these men are dan herons malefactors who had long been wanted hy' the police. Had they been taking their pleasure a little less riotously they might /still be at large. _^^ 