PARLIAMEN'TARy DRUXKKiYNtiSS This* 1 reminds' ' hie- (says Co.-mosp )|ite in the , Bendigo Independent) 'lint there's beon i a lot of talk in the papers about tho Sydney * Parliament, Jan J tho: -fights »md the scenes I that huve.pccurred there for some time. Sir Henry ]?arkes and his stone.vall are greatlv to blame for.Uiodisrepulahlo character of tho , proceedings in Jhe New ? South 'Wales Assembly, but the pontlomr.n at whos' door lies the principal; blame, is culled Tunglefoot by Jack H'Elhone, and Kusil Oil by tho Government analytical chomisi, * Without at all saying who is dtunken — -for ^ must be careful, with £10,000 libel suita T about — I must say the New Simth Wai Parliament is- tho. most drunken m | Austru \ It has inherited drunkemiesfi | from the vs when the placo it deliborules ii^^wa8-a . ?» 8torey and the official? got | difunk as mai.y limes a day as pleased th.em. I have known the N.S.W Assembly sine,' 1865, and can spealc from what I have seen. ... No u|^^who was of an ard-nt nature. und: at to fall under the influence of the: Dri^H^Rd, stood, the ghost ol a chance if ^^wenlTnto lh*e Mac^uario street House. only be a matter of time when lie T^^^Kecome a bloated, God und raf^R^KeiVcrSature. I could. name-inany sueb^StJ forbear— let the dead rest. We think a great deal of the Tyfcheileigh episode — I'wond^r where my old friend u CotYe»' i» npW7^rbu^rfni New South Wnlea a druu kon houVis' nothing. Why, I've beoii in the refreshment room there and witnessed fccne- that could only be equadod by 'I rimalchioV banquet in Petrrihius Arbiter's famous tale, or the other Equally Iqmous philosophers' entertainmentin Luciau. I havo seen men, leading men, lying. dead drunk on tho floor ol tho Mouse, who had bo carried out by their friends or the officials I havo soen rnomv,ors of no mean degree unloading their atonnicliH in the vestibule, Io fact, as with tbo colony, drunkenness has boen the curse of the New South Wales Parliament, ;.ud it has destroy oil many of its brightest in tellects. It has always been tolerated. Just lookback to tlio recent Ohvia*ma» festivities. Mr Toece, the member for Goulburn, had to , he sent to the mad- houso for tho tomporary insane becmso ho had Lrot himself into delirium tromens. Then Mr A. G. Taylor, ono of tho brightest intellects of Australia, who lei t Parliament, I believe, owing to finding it impossible to koep from the liquor there, and who was given a splendid bi'let as Examiner of Patents, got on tho spree and played up to that extoiu that ho had to bo sent to the Darlinghurst House of Detention. But sinco theso gentlemen havo recovered, wo have heard no more about the matter. Why, if an M. P. hero is soon to walk a bit crooked, oven if he can prove by tho chir opodist's evidence that he has a corn, or by the doctor that he suffers from staggers, there is a great out- cry, and its ten to o;i« he has to resign. They don't thiuk anything of it in our neighbor eokny ; tho capability and pluck of getting tight was looked ou as a merit: iii Sydney when I lived ill iv, and probably is still. Tho drunkenness in the Civil Service is very great, and it is shielded because the culprits aro men belonging to tho tl old families/' with unbounded intlnence. I know a Civil servant in a high position (he g« ts £15 .» wet'k and fuvs) who hasn't bven sober for th*« p;ist twenty years to anyone's knowledge, and s ill keeps his billot, tin work of which is in the n a:n doi.f fir hi o by subordinates, for he is well liked. Fancy a Victorian offi.-i ;1 'who would try that on. Why, ht- would be run out on hi* head in a week. Lif' is much easier and morals fur m .re lax in the laud of Parkes And tr.is I wi.l t-ay of our ueighb »rs : They are mueh more merciful to errors and failings, much moro j humane, than the steely-heartud, flinty faced Victorian-*. 