FARMING JN THE HUNDREDS OF ARKABA AND WONOKA. 10 THE JKDITOB, Sir — Your issue of the 7th instant contains a letter from a person calling himself 'The Farmer's Friend,' who giveB the lie direct to my statement as per telegram of tbe 20th March, Now 'The Farmer's Friend' must be either altogether ignorant of what is taking place in his very midst or he is guilty of a a brazen and deliberate falsehood. I will leave you, sir, to judge which is ' incorrect' in his statements. He says ' during the past two years only some half-dozen farmB hare cnangea nanas ; ana more cnan tnat, tnose who nave left have obtained good prices,' &c.; Ab to the first part of his statement I posi tively assert that within the past few weeks no less than six farms have changed hands in Arkaba alone. The names I can supply you if required. With regard to the second part of his statement you can easily judge as to whether or not they 'obtained good prices.' No. 1 was a successful and ' practical' farmer a few years ago ; selected a farm of 800 acres in Arkaba; sold out below; spent several hundreds of pounds on his new farm, but failed ; sold again for the magnificent sum of £220 ! Why, sir, that man had a well of good water on his selection which coBt him more than that sum. And yet 'The Farmer's Friend' calls that a 'good price.' Wonderful! Surely ' The F.F.' must be the ghost of some bygone age when land could be bought for one penny per acre. No. 2 had also a selection which made him as poor as a rat. He also sold the other day for tbe grand total of £200 ! Not the price of his fencing, leaving out all the rest. These two farmera.are gone over the border, at any rate, and both have large families. No. 3' sold also only a few weeks ago for £200— just the price of his well. No. 4 also Bold out at about the same rate. Ko. 5 and No. 6 had a great diffi culty to get a buyer, and their homesteads went begging at a much less figure than the above-mentioned. Another selector in difficul ties offered his farm of 1,000 acres, but could only secure the splendid sum of £100— about the price of a good dam he has on his seleo tion. This man replied to the successful farmer who offered this amount, ' No, 1 will hang on a bit longer, and then give it back to the Commissioner,' No doubt the Government did what they conceived to be the right thing in granting past concessions ; but they were granted not a day too soon to save the commu nity. They were then wrung out by the force of circumstances, and not by injustice as 'The F.F.' seems to imagine. Has he no penetra tion to see that the times have materially altered duripg the part three years, with an in sufficient rainfall, locusts, and a half-crown p?r bushel for the Binall paresis of whs-« the farmers have to sell even at that prio? ? Pre judice and spite are generally the most bliad, and ''The IMV' has a ?arge amount of these things. He is living in a glass house, yet continually throwing stones at other people's windows. He may prate as mnph as be pleases abont science and brains, bat without a better rainfall the majority must goto the wall, and that at no very distant date. 'The F.F.' has no eyes about him or he would have Been that the bad farming he grumbles of is almost a thing of the past. I challenge him to show on evidence that the cultivation in these hundreds will not bear favorable comparison with any hundred in the Northern Areas. He further says that II failure has been caused by reckless expendi ture, extravagant habita, and long store bills.' No one knows better than 'The F.F.' that it is a wicked libel on the farming community to say that their ' long store bills' have been caused during the past . three years by 'extravagant habits.' After that he ought to be ashamed to look a farmer in the face. He talks about brains and science. Poor fellow ! he has but little of either, or he never would have been guilty of penning such a foolish and insulting letter. Many hard working, industrious, intelligent farmers have toiled on for years, living and faring hard, destitute of the common necessaries jof life, sod trying their best to keep out of debt. If he had no salary for three or four years how would he manage without credit from the storekeepers? He need not hide behind a mask ; he is well known. There is only one man in Hawker who could write each a letter as that. No, air, he is no friend to the farmers. He has no goodwill towards them. To call himself ?? The Farmer's Friend' is a farce. He should in future write himself down the farmer's enemy. ''Tia all very well to call me your love, but why did kick me do wn stairs ?' — I am, &c;, HAWKER CORRESPONDENT. April 9, 1888. 