Before the Curtain : Dcmnfo tEo performance of " Alone in Lon don" by Bland Holfe Dramatic Company at Newcastle on the 4 th instant, Mr. G. R. Ireland, one of the actors, was accidentally stabbed in the face with a dagger by Miss Ida Herbert. The injury, however, is not serious. , Ok Saturday morning a fairly representative audience of teachers of the State schools in the metropolis and district was present at a specimen lesson, illustrating the method of teaching the tonio 6oI-fa musical system, and given in the Normal School by Mr. A. Kaye. In the absence of Mr. J.. G. Anderson, Under Secre tary for Public Instruction, who was un avoidably absent by reason of official duties, Mr. C. . Hurworth, of tho Valley school, presided. Mr. Kayo proceeded to show that in this system of music tho idea of a musical sound and its origin was firet to bo grasped; its correct production then, aimed.at; the naming of sounds and their relations to one another taught; the theory of mental effects of sounds given-great pro minence ; and then followed the duration nnd rhythm of sounds. After a short prac tice in time-naming and the manual signs, Mr. Kayo thanked the boys forming his class for their attendance, which, it may bo stated, was purely voluntary, and the lesson was brought to a closo. Those teachers pre sent who had already received instruction in tonic sol-fa were then tested as to profirienoy— in the manual signs by Miss Gcxlsall, ana in sight singing snd car exercises by Mr. Kayo, giving in each ease satisfactory results. A vote of thanks to the chairman, carried with acclamation, terminated tho proceedings. A Melbodbne journal observes with regard to tho above young pianiste: " It is pleasurable to find genuine ability making its way to tho front, even in musical circles, where too bar riers arc, for several reasons, more difficult to surmount, and where criticism is always severe nnd sometimes biased and unduly hostile. Tito Nurope:in success of Miss Florence Menck Meyer at Vienna, following upon thnt of Mrs. Armstrong, at Brussels, is a convincing proof that no uuduo prejudice ovists against re.4l vocal or instrumental talent in Europe, whether it como from Niuargth or Melbourne. Miss Florence Meuck-Moyer is a sister of Dr. Felix Mover, of Melbourno, and, accompanied by her sister, has for two years or moro been diligently pursuing her studies on tho continent. Sho has already appeared at many private concerts wi*h marked success, and the cable messago now rccoivcd indicates that Miss Meyer has been equally well received on tho occasion of her first public appcaranco." Titv. success of Mr. Henry Irving, Miss Helen Terry, and tho Lycouin company in New York is said to havo been unprecedented. Tho first week's receipts for " Faust," at tlio Star Theatre, amounted to £4,750 in English money. Tue author of "LaTosca"is in tho habit (a writer in tho Fiy.no tells us) of saying sorao very hard thiugs about tho author of " Ham lot." As far, at least, as that particular pieco is concerned, ho has no hesitation in pronounc ing it an "idiotio production." Tho ghost uppears to si number of indifferent persons, while ho leaves his guilty widow undisturbed. If ho wore a spectre of ordinary common souse, sho is tho very first person he would have desired to visit for tho purpose of treating her to the posthumous conjugal lecture which sho so richlv deserved. Then.1 again, why daos ho bind' over Hamlet and his two companions to cccreoy with such awful solemnity when ho knows that he has already been seen in his nightly rounds by half the garrison of Elsi nore? The soliloquy' 11 To be or not to be-" is not without a certain merit; but it ibutter nonsense in Hamlet's mouth, his own father having proved to him the existence of another woild. On the whole M. fiardou is of opinion that if he had written Hamlet/' instead of Shakspeare (or Bacon), he would have made a muoh better job of it Amsotcgs to*day is big with the fate of Ccesar and of Borne," writes Mr. R. 8.Smythe to the .dr^ut from Paris on 2nd December, 1887, "and M. Gr£vy can now only 'capita late,' X am not here as a witness of the crisis. What cares the average Australian for French politics? A new drama by Victorien Sardou is quite another thing. For me the Theatre Forte St. Martin is moro interesting than the Palais Bourbon. I was present at the Theatre Royal, Melbourne, when * Fedora' was first produced; I saw it afterwards played by another company, and I was anxious to see whether the author's new play would be more likely to suit the taste of colonial audiences. If so, having a letter of introduction to M. Sardou, I was willing to treat for the Austra lian right Without the slightest hesitation X say that 1 La rosea' (the name of a popular singer), oven with 8arah Bernhardt, for whom it was written, in the title role, will never be a favourite play with English audiences. Splendid as is the performance of the greatest living actress, to whoitf Miss Mary Anderson could not hold a candle, eVen the Parisians do not like the play. They are spellbound by the wonderful acting, they call Bernhardt before the curtain, but they do not go away delighted. The drama is in fire acts; there could not be a sixth/ for at the end of the fifth the four principal characters are all dead. Two commit suicide, another is mur dered, the other is shot. The drama is too dreadful. In the third act an appalling effect is produced by the agonised shrieks of La Tosca's lover undergoing torture, in an'ad joining chamber, and when the bruised and bleeding man, with eyes starting from their sockets, rushes into the presence of his mistress, tie audience are absolutely overcome with horror. To English audiences, 1 La Tosca' would be as revolting as 'The Cenci.* In justice to the management of the Porte St Martin, it should be added that the scenery for beautiful effects and the costumes for elegance, costliness of material, and historical accuracy, are unsurpassable." 