THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAILY.) PROGRESSION", OCR RIGHTS, AND OUR RESOURCES. SANDHURST, TUESDAY, AUG. 11 1SSS. THE MAYORAL .ELECTION. THBBE can be no doubt whatever that Coun cillor Colin will make an excellent mayor and it is to be regrettea' thatthere should have been any disagreeable circumstances in connection with his election.. The fact is that Councillor Carolin has played his cards in such a manner during tho time he has held a seat in the council as to create a bad feeling between his fellow councillors and himself, and to imbue them with' the feeling that ho would not bo a fit and proper person to occupy the chair. In this they may bo wrong; but Councillor Carolin muBt blame himself for not having been more discreet. We contend on principle that an old estab lished custom should not be departed from without a statement of the reasons for doing bo being given in an explicit manner. But thoy .are very plain to the rest of the community, if Councillor Carolin cannot see them. It is evident that Councillor O'Neill can, although he does not.think them suffi cient. Councillor Carolin says tli^t in >vhi).c ever he has done he has been actuated by a aenso of duty to the public. Of course no one will attempt to deny him so much credit; but thore are two ways of performing one's duty-an effective and ineffective way-and none can be more ineffective than that which ia offensive and irritating. In a public body, where nothing can bo done except with the consent of the majority, it is worse than use less for a man to stand up single-handed and essay the absurd task of compelling the majority to swallow his opinions whether they can accept of them or not. We Jo not say that Councillor Carolin has not made some good proposals and suggestions. Indeed we have no desire at the prusezit tirn.e to de cry any of them, because whether they wera good, bad or indifferent is beside thequestion. It is aimply his manner of dealing with them that concerns the subject of his non-election to tho mayoralty, and thfit hao .certainly beep very impolitic. It is a fact that councillors who have been willing to give him their assist ance have felt themselves compelled to re treat from the position of allies of one who will defy tho rulings of the chair, and assume an extravagant manner and tone, and it is surprising that he has been unable to perceive that he was taking the wrong course in assuming the role of a bull at a gate, in order to carry his points. He said in his speech yesterday, that any one who did not full in with the views of a clique would be treated in the same manner as he had been. But surely, if a councillor knows, or believes, that he is'dealing with a prejudiced clique, he ought to be able to see that ho will not be serving the ratepayers by incensing that clique, and making his presence among them obnoxious. Councillor Carolin has won for himself in the council tho reputation of pos sessing in a very high degree a capacity for giving cause of provocation, and, in view of this, councillors no doubt arrived at the con elusion that their deliberations would be better ruled over by a gentle man of the equable temper of Councillor Colin. It will be granted that this was very natural on their parts ; but Councillor Carolin elects as his chief point the fact that they have ignored the practise of giving the mayoralty to the senior member, Councillor Colin's severance from the council for a con siderable time having placed him at the pre sent time in the position of a junior mem ber. The preference shown the latter is, it must be confessed, enough to make the re jected one feel sore. But he flies to a very poor remedy in his report to threats of legal pains and penalties on account of Councillor Cohn's connection with the Tramway Com pany and the Macpherson Company. With regard to the former, the 54th section of the Local Government Act relieves Councillor Cohn from any danger, and we believe it does with regard to Macpherson and Com pany. At any rate this is not the way for Councillor Carolin to proceed with any hope of gaining popularity, 'especially as if he had not been thwarted in his aspirations to the mayoralty nothing would have been heard of these alleged disabilities of the successful candidate. Tho best thing that Councillor Carolin could do would be to appeal to the ratepayers and ask them to pronounce a verdict in the matter. If they think the council has done wrong, let their censure fall upon it. There is evidently a divided opinion among them, and it rests with Councillor Carolin to settle the trouble definitely one way or other by resigning and offering himself for re-election. PARLIAMENT.-Both Houses meet to-day. The budget debate will be resumed in the Legislative Assembly. Proceedings will be commenced dz novo, aswas the understanding before the Assembly rose for the Exhibition festivities. It is probable that Mr. Gillies will in the course of the evening nulce an announcement as to certain amendments in the tariff proposals, which the Government will accede to. The Legislative Council will also re-as semble for the despatch of business, but a long sitting is not anticipated. THE SANDHURST CHAMBER OF HORRORS. - At the City Council meeting yesterday for the elec tion of Mayor, Cr. Carolin, in his protest against his rejection as mayor, ami his vindication of him self, alluded with bated breath to the " unholy spot beneath" where the direst machinations weie secretly concocted against the interests of the rate payers, and of the ascent of the conspirators from thatchamber of horrors" to the regions, above there to go through the formal farce of affixing the stamp of law to their works. Have' the ratepayers ever seen the dreadful place referred to. within the dark walls of which so much fearfulness is gathered. There is but one window, and a blind on that, a fire place and a door, and a cover on the key-hole These are the only means of escape to any victim who may be inveigled there. Once in the eye is fascinated by a mysterious and sus piciously shaped box. The thought of its awful contents, and they must be awful in a chamber of horrors, at once strikes the mind. What is in that box; only the chief has the key. and oily in secret conclave is Jit ever opened. Rumor has it that its contents are to stir the blood and fire the eye, and it has been said that gazing long enough tit men for desperate deeds. When the eye seeking for relief looks round the walls it finds staring on it ghost-like. tho awful photographic faces of all the councillors and mayors of years gone by, even lSufi. No wonder Cr. Carolin felt his blood chill at the very mention of the unholy spot. CITY FIRE BOARD AND CAPTAINS' MEETINGS. The City Fire Board met last evening at the Town Hall, Captain Morgan in the chair. Twelve applications were received for the position of watchman, and W. Runting was appointed. A vote of thanks was passed to Mr. T. J. Connelly, the retiring mayor, who was ex officio chairman of the board. The secretary was instructed to have 200 coiiies of the fire alarm signals printed, and sent round to the brigades. Afterwards a meet ing of captains to consider the formation of an ambulance corps was held. A letter was read from Mr. Judd, secretary of the National Fire Brigade Association, giving informa-ion on the matter. It was decided to form a corps, and the secretary was instructed to notify the medical gentlemen who had promised to assist. As soon as arrange ments are completed the secretary will call the members together for their SrBt lesson. A STRANGE RUMOR.-A " Herald " cablegram pays:-It is rumored that an English Royal Princess has become a convert to ttie Catholic faith. MR. PARNELL AND THE "TIMES."-A "Herald" cablegram says that in order to enable him to pro secute the "Times" for libel in the Scotch instead of the English courts, Mr. Parneil has decided to take advantage of an ancient and curiolis practice in Scotch law. TRAFFIC RETURNS.-The Victorian Railways traffic returns for the week ended 9th Aug., show the following results, the number of miles, open being 2,018, as against 1,8S0 for the corres ponding period of 1887. Total returns for the week^ ended 2nd Aug., L52.023 0s. 3d.; for corres ponding period of 1SS", L40.G84 lis. 6d. Aggregate to date from 1st July, L309,17o 14s. 7d.; for cor responding period in 1887, L2(i7,S0" lGs. Sd. Weekly average (6 weeks), Lai,5211 Os. i)d.; 1888, L44.G1419s. 5d. FATAL RESULT OF A FALL.-The man John Whelan, who, it will be remembered, met with a very serious accident whilst engaged in the fernery on the 2Sth July, died in the hospital yesterday morning. A magisterial inquiry was subsequently held by Mr. R. F. Howard, J.P. Dr. Colquhouu deposed that when deceased was admitted to tho hospital he was partially conscious. He was Buffering from a compound fracture of the skull on the right side above the ear, which was con siderably lacerated. On examination he found that the brain was lacerated and several loose pieces of bone were removed. The cause of death was fracture of the skull and injury to the brain. A verdict in accordance with the medical testi mony was returned. VISITORS TO SANDHURST AND BALLARAT.-It was notified about a week ago that in compliance with the request of the members for Ballarat and Sandhurst the Railway department would make concessions to foreign visitors desirous of visiting inland towns on their giving satisfactory proof of thpir being visitors and not residents of the colony. About two dozen visitors have applied for, and obtained, the concession (says the "Ilerald"), Bal. larr.t and Sandhurst being the prinolpal points of attraction, a'though afewluive gone up the North eastern line.- The visitors mainly hail from Tas mania, New Zealand, and New South Wales. THE FIRST MEETING of the shareholdnrs of the Melbourne Stock Exchange Ag ncy and Banking Corporation was held yesterday, (says our MeU bourne correspondent) wlion it was announced that 1,31.0,000 shares had been applied for, although only GO,000 were offered to the public. The share list now includes 2,100 names. It was decided that the directorate should consist of 5 directors. The following gentlemen were then nominated f-T the position i-Messrs. Henry Burrows, .f. W. Sheville, J. F. Levien. T. Bent, .T. H. Graves, A. L. Zox, Ms. L A., and Messrs. W. H. Urscher and Thompson Moore The election of directors will take place on Monday. RIFLE MATCH.-A friendly match has been ar ranged between B Company of the Sandhurst De tachment of Militia and C Company of the 2nd battalion. This match will b . fired at the Williams town ranfes on Saturday afternoon next,lSth inst., commencing at one o'clock. The distances are 400, oQO and 600 yards and twelve men aside. The Sandhurst team will be chosen from the following: -Lieutenant Robin, Q. M. S. Fly, Sergt. Major Tracey, Serets. Okey and Stevenson, Corporals Waugh and Birchill, Privates Doble, J. Holt, Harvey, W. Keck, H. Keck, Strode, Burnett and Haverfield. LQNR GULLY MECHANICS'INSTITUTE.-The usual njonthly n^eefing.whjch was to have been held last evening, was postponed until Thursday. The prospectus at thg Melbourne and Adolaide Eeal Estate Coii)?any appears in this mornings issuo. Tho ppipil is Q 0(10 ip almres of £1 each. ' Tho brokers are Messrs. Gieicand Murray, 10Queen-afreet', and Brook 30 OQllius;stri;et(jas*t, Tho prospectus will well repay perusal. The annual meotmi; of the Sau lliurst Rowinjr Club will take place ou Friday next at tho Atlienmum Club Hotel, ar 8 p.m. The police bavins given up possession in tlio estate of A. U. Shum nnd Co., the furnituro seized on Friday last will bo sold by public auction without fail to-dny, on the premises, California liully. atl o'clock. MesBrs. G. I'J. Hobson npd Co. are the auctioneers, nnd tliey are nc'iug under instructions from the trustee, Mr. J, TJ. Flack, of Melbourne. Particulars ard adver tised. Messrs. Jaa. Andrew nnd Co. report having held yes terday a s ile of Mr. Muller's stock, on the premisee, at Batli Corner. Every article was sold at a price satisfactory to all concerned, 