AGNOSTICISM, SIR,-"A Christian " . and " Sigma " cali for réplieta. Aa the tosser foe, Ifeball'-answei the latter Ant. The word " Agnostio" is ol Grak origin, and signifies literally "without information, or knowledge"-; as applied in the prie^^e,; íit^^ ^nlí .&|^tato esoterijr, mysteries.- Etéry }nwHg«^t ^á<liJ vidual understands perfectly wéU that it is not expressive of fe general cqn^tion ot Spsoienpe. cir ignorance. % certainly db not escribe ^myself ag à perqou, whq does not Relieve 'anything I oannqt see ©r hear ; nor $o \ believe all I see qr hear, as '1 know well bow «asy it is for the ordinary senses to be deceived most utterly. Bat' ï: hold it to be nothing, short qf immbral to believe any !¡hin¿r tfyat I have not a scientific reason ut be|ioving : I believe in my qwq brain be- cause (have sean 'brains in the heads of others, -and« therefore, j have a ¡good sound reason fqr believing I have a brain in my own t)ead; I haye farther no reason, for dis helioving it. I believe in God, because I know that matter could not arise from nothing, and, therefore, a " Great Cause" or "God" must have originated it; but what originated that " Groat Cause" is to me an impenetrable mys bery, as also is " He" or " It," whose voioe and presence I haye never realized- exoept through His grand works of Nature, and which I mach incline with the Pantheist to identify with Him. I think if " A Christian" carefully re-reads he will find that I have not discussed the Christian faith or its teachers ; all my re- marks refer to revealed religions in general. Why the ready adoption of Agnosticism by many philosophers of the age should be addi tioniraasoa for caution to others I fail to perceive. He Bays "There ia a religion that has stood the test of many centuries." Yds, so has Confucianism ; «o has Brahminism ; so has also Buddhism, the most numerous of all, with its many hundreds of millions ; and so did belief in witchcraft and ghoBts, for Christiana burnt witches less than a century ago. Yet,! as witohoraft and ghosts have disappeared before the march* of science "and knowledge, se will all creeds and other super stations melt; away into thin air. Christianity aroBe when all was darkness in the political atmosphere pf ea«i^'^Tiffiit^H^a^jnis^' with the multitudes : a fe w great philosophers tg(re teaching bright and glorious truths of humanity to.the educated, but,the.lower chesses were suffering under the oppression of a waning and corrupt power. The teach- ing of foUowers of Jesus came to them with prmDiplesloOove, forbearance, pity and communism, and it was gradually adopted, bnt as aa Arian or Unitarian oreed never presum- ing to the divinity ;o£ -Christ i; : abd up ito tíie victory of Constantine at,the Milvian bridge, eight-tenths of the' Cbftroh were'' Arians.' Then the followers of thé'néw sect oTomme^oed that serieB of persecutions Whîoh hive óídy ceased as yesterday^ forciújg Trj&t;étóa^m upon -the unwilling masBSB. Bo tWtàikeits later imítá^fcl^ ont a : religion: MiT^ ^tflti- 'di^^mkeij Christians were promised safety if they ab jared atheism, and »6doubttttelr belief was atheism to the believers tb the' divinity of the ann, inoofa5 land placets. Just töfioea thé1 belief of Shè-AiwWtl£pta<0£^^lliiSk^ the ttäi'-j^lmtä fi truly wpté»enttri¿ &elp;$^ resides in all things, and of which phenomena are the unexplained and inexplicable mani- festations, appear to the average Christian to be utterly atheistic. As to my opponent's definition of the word ' dogma ' I think that fae applies the word in a different manner to my own. , I hold that a definite ascertained and proven fact of science: is not a dogma, which latter 1 take to be an emphatic assertion nf a human speculation. Therefore I acknowledge thc remark about morality to be a dogma, but it is surely a dogma that no one can contravert. Morality derives from mores, manners or customs, and we are all willing to allow, I presume, that every community creates these to supply its own wants. The word theology literally, means a dis- course about' God or the study-of God. Now God according to the Anglican Cburoh is a Being " without body, parts or passions ; while, according to " General " Booth's army He has a very tangible body, with parts and passions-a being \ñth jwtyom thjsy /could, shake hands, if near enough. Pope says : "All are but parts of one stupendous whole Whose body Nature is, and God the sonfc"1 # « « * * * # # "The poor Indian with untutored mind, ? Sees God in clouds, and hears Him in the wind. Mr. H. W. Beecher said He is " a dim and shadowy influence " Spinoza described Him as an " absolute substance." The anci- ent Jews described Him as Jehovah with all parts, as the Salvationist,, (and. with very human (though not humane) and Jewish at- tributes-in fact a bloody, revengeful, vul- gar God, who is said to have written ten. commandments, every one of which he broke' or ordered to be broken, except the one thatr sa s " Thou shalt have none other Gods before me." Thefacfc is, where the theologian's " God " begins, all; ^knowledge ends. Thia with honest humility the Agnostic admits; he is the only modeBt theologian in the world. He does not, like many of the others,, appear; to be "as well acquainted with him " as though he lived in the next street," nor does he, like the small-soulod frigid devotee, view God as a being like himself, with cold and cruel instincts, who is going to damn all mankind, except a very few ; or believe moreover, that they richly deserve hell and damnation. The Agnostic, in. 'common with the' creed of St. Athanasius, believes God to be incom- préhensible, yet doeB not deny that His creation can be known. A starving man eau be igrafcefjuli to Í an unknown benefactor. < ' Bte; is not "one wno does not know whether there be a God or no£," he has a firm belief, in the great First Cause,' conveniently 'term- ed tiSod, but his idea of God is in accordance with the teaching ¿of tmit'great iNaturé ¡ of whfch God is the originator, and it may be the essence ; his God.is not anthropomorphic* like that of the Hebrews, but is so far above human imagination that words * are inade- quate to any description of the ? Great Entity.' Theology cannot explain its personal God, and science ¡eannqt solve tfyij basis of mption ; Agnqstioism steps in between them to recon- cile them and offer them, a mutual resting place in the contemplation qf the Unknowable. With knowledge, doubt increases ; the more we know, the more we discover what we do not know. The knowledge of to -morrow will foe ¿8 light to dispel, though not Absolutely, the darkness of to-day. The hope of Agaos> tioiem lies in the high training of the univer- sities, and in the development of mental" scienoe. Each npw truth elucidated by Bcienoe from' the great laboratory of Na- ture in the still of the human brain ÍB to the Agnostic a further contribution to the Science of Existence in its all embracing magnitude. The origin of all form and development is fondly boped, by the Agnostic to become to him an open , page, able to be read by. all ; but the coming into existence of the form of natural bodied is the earliest point at which ho touches the I mysterious realm of the great Unknown, in the inorganic creation as taught by geology and chemistry, and in the organic creation as' taught by botany,' zoology and anthropology.: Bat of the Power that cilled this double creation into activity, the Agnostic does not presume to speculate. Religion can be satisfactorily proved from history to have been a psychic evolution from savage superstitions, desoending down through the original Astronomical Deities and the Pagan Pantheon; on through the Hebrew Monotheism., the Christian Tri-#od» head, in imitation of the Hindu Tri-Murti, , -modern Theism, and to the inscrutable First ''Cause of the Agnostic. Without doubt, Agnosticism existed when Paul, the Christ- ian saint. saw at Ephesus the altar " To ULU ' BUiiub - öav» nu JZJJJUUBUB ijuo muai -»-VJ the ; Unknown God,' and at à much earlier £dfite, when Job, in what is by far the I oldest portion of the old testament, said, " Canst thon by searching find ont God ? Canst thoa find out . tho Almighty to per- fection ?" This may "not be a satisfac- tory fact, but I hold it to be more so than the belief in an untruth and a 'delusive snave. I ; am asked what works my awe, wonder, ¡ reverence, and for what and to whom" I am tgffttofnlP What enpplies me with matter Om joy.f Í. answer in the words of Adam LindsayiGordon;- - '.'.'. (From the joys aloft, ' Gan wetness what they*ry after, : We lmve heard them oft ; \" .... Perhaps some «train of x noe thanksgiving' : '<Mmglès in their song, ,;"* Aroiihey gbad^tíiftt tííoy are living? ? ' Are thèy.right or wrong? ?? ? ' Bight, 'tis joy that makes them call so. . iWhy should they be sad Î ; .,Certes i pra^ uvingalso, : >??'?'? vV. Shall not we be glad ? :t consider the spirit of humanity, and its deeds of love, one of the most puré forms of worship possible, and that the niau who feeds his starving brother, or clothes bis naked sister, is engaged in an act of worship, more devont than that other man who is praying loud and long in tho nearest conventicle. Submission is felt for thc great power of those laws of nature which soar beyond the control of man and aspirations, rise, to reach as near as possible, that perfection of develop, ment that is believed to be the ultimate destiny of our race. I decline ;to adopt tho principio "charity thinketh no evil," as being an immoral one ; that ia to say, one not calculated to conduce to the happiness and welfare of the peoplo any moro than ie the other equally absurd one of- turning the other cheek when the one has been smitten, or handing over your cloak to the'thief who bas stolen your coat. The Agnostic hopes and believes that Science will in due time explain natural laws to such an extent that disease will be anihil. ated and life prolonged ; .that happiness 'and joy jvîllybe fiheilotof ¡the many, and not, as at present, of the few. That life will then be indeed worth living, and death be ap- proached through a natural decay in a spirit of contentment that the individual life has been able to contribute to the general happi- ness of the community, and to the benefit and comfort of posterity. The dissolving being will feel pleasure in making room for a suc- cessor m the raoe, while he descends to have his now useless parts elaborated afresh by the gentle hand of nature, wherewith she will build up other forms of|b?auty and olber be- ings of usefulness and joy. But long before the phenomena of all nature have been mas- tered, I, as one Agnostic, though an unwor v^hy fample, . believe that all theology will nave vanished, all creeds of ecclesiastical in- vention will be looked upon as relics of that grosser superstition which turned every'inex- plicable mystery into a god. . Then we'elfall have the sunshine, no longer a mockery to the greater bulk of the race, and all nature shall iappear to laugh ta all and every indi- vidual joyous heart of humanity, so long martyred by the oppression of crass ignor- ance. The idiot will then disappear by the more perfect development of the speoies, and the maniac wiU nodpnger rave in his bereft reason, the two great causes of bis pitable condition-religious fanaticism and drink being ; removed by the higher education and knowledge of the people. And finally, Sir, I should like to thank ' A Christian ' for the spirit of toleration and courtesy that pervades his letter,; for I, re-:, grotto sky that a freethinker expects io'find a letter, with such a nom delimite as his, not. i written miine spirit of the gentle Prophet of , Nazareth, but a continuous tirade of malev- olence, abuse and, unoharitobl^ness, , with, j more frequently than not, a wilful perversion -of -fact wherever possible. I must ask bim to bear with me ianthe incompleteness of my finswer, for the reason that, being a bird of passage and a stranger in the land, I have no access to books, and am therefore unable to bandle his r?ply in the norfeet manner that it deserves. i " I am etc., COSMOS, 