Jack Delaney Going to See His Sweetheart. [BY ARAB.] In the old times, when the fairies were plentiful in Ireland, there was one Tom Delaney, a well-to do farmer; he had a nice farm, well stocked, also had plenty of money, but happening with a severe accident he died in a few days, leaving a wife and one son a year old. Mrs. Delaney was in great grief for the loss of her husband ; but she doted on Jack, gave him everything he cried for, taught him to read at home, and then sent him to Denis Coyle, the hedge schoolmaster, where he made such rapid strides in learning that in a few years he was quite equal to the master, if not better. He now left the school, worked on the farm, attended all the fairs, dances, wakes, and funerals, and there was no wedding of any note that Jack was not to be seen figuring at. He went to Neil Gowl's boxing school, where he learned to use his fists so well that some of the boys said, "You might as well get the kick of a horse as a blow from him." He beat all the boys in the parish running, jump- ing, dancing, and wrestling, and as for singing, he excelled in anything comic. He grew up tall, strongly built, and very good-looking, and his curly black hair had a raven's gloss. The girls were all dying about him, wherever he went, in fact he was a most desperate lady-killer. Jack was always very polite to the ladies, for his mother had taught him all the principles of politeness, so he was quite accomplished in that respect. Jack, like most boys, had a sweetheart named Kate Dunn (she was an only child) ; her father owned two farms, and altogether was very well-to-do. The neighbours congratulated Jack on his prospects, while Kate was delighted to think he was the nicest fellow in parish. He would work hard all day, and think nothing of travelling three miles at night to see his Kate-he was quite satisfied if he even only arrived home at daylight. Jack had two faults selfishness, and a liking for a little drop too much if any one told Jack not to do a thing, he would be sure to do that very thing on the first possible occasion : he had the name of being as stubborn as a mule, but all this made no impression on Jack, either one way or another. As for the " crathur," Jack said, " It was a vile slander." If he was lying flat on the ground, holding by the grass, he would not acknowledge he was drunk. Jack did not believe in either fairies or ghosts, or anything of the sort, and said, " If ever the fairies appeared to him he would not leave one of them alive," and as for ghosts, " they were a fit topic of conversation for old women only." When Barney Casey remonstrated with him about talking disrespectfully of the fairies, he got into a terrible rage, and poor Barney was glad to run for his life, muttering to himself as he fled "that no good would come of it all." One evening Jack dressed himself in his Sunday suit and set off to see Kate. It was a beautiful evening in harvest time : the moon shining in all her splendour, the air calm and warm, and not as much wind as would move the leaves on the trees. Jack walked along at a great pace till he came to a path across the low hills, that led to Mr. Dunn's cottage. This path would lessen the distance by one half- mile, and that was why Jack preferred to go by the path ; in fact, he would see Kate sooner than by going round. He had not proceeded far along this path when he met Mike Dillon, with a bag on his back. After bidding each other good- night, Mick (like most of his countrymen) rested himself by standing with the load on his back, while he and Jack entered into conversation about the weather, the crops, the dance that took place in Jim Connelly's house, and at last Mike told Jack that he was at Sleive More in Darby Doolan's still house, for a couple of gallons of "potheen " to put them over the harvest. Jack said, " I don't like his stuff, he keeps up too great a fire, and singes it." " Well," said Mike, " he trebled this, and told me it was the best he ever turned out in his life," and as you are a good judge, Jack, I want you to try this, and let me have your opinion on it; so leaving the bag on the ground, he took a two gallon keg out of it, took the cork out, and as he had no glass with him asked Jack to taste it out of the keg. Jack tasted it and declared that it was the best Darby had ever run. After a while, Mike tasted it, and then gave Jack a second draught ; Jack was now getting quite enthusiastic, he pro- nounced it to be first-class, and finally had another good draught. Mike now put the keg in the bag, slung it over his back, bid Jack good night, and each fellow went his way. When Jack had gone about half-a-mile, he felt a queer sensation coming over him, the hills seemed to dance all round him, and knock up against each other, the trees seemed to do the same, the moon seemed to cover the whole sky, the stars were three times their usual size, and the sky so close to his head that he had hardly room to move along the path. The ground being damp, Jack climbed up on a pile of loose stones by the side of the pathway, lest he should soil his clothes. Jack sat down on these stones wondering what could be the matter with him ; it could not be the whisky, for he had often taken a score of glasses which had no effect on him ; perhaps it was the result of a distant earthquake, but then, why were all the hills and trees jigging like that, and acting as if they were spinning-jennies' and the stars as if they were performing bajonet exerffises ; he felt a stupor coming over him, and grew very disheartened as he thought of his own dear Kate there waiting patiently for him and he unable to go on ; but then he consoled himself by promising that he would see Kate the next night, when no doubt she would be only too ready, to take all Jack's excuses, and forgive him for his negli- gence to-night. Just at this moment, in the twinkling of an eye, and while Jack was still thinking deeply, he was surrounded a crowd of men and women, the smallest he had ever seen, the largest of them being only about four inches in height : they looked like so many dolls. They formed a circle in front of poor bewildered Jack, who had now serious misgivings about the fairies. "But what do I care for them," thought Jack, with a little bombast in his tone, " I will be as brave as they are stiff, anyhow." "Good-night, Mr. Delaney !" came from the whole crowd at once. "Good-night," said Jack. " Will you come and have a dance, Mr. Delaney ?" " No, thank you," said Jack. " Come and have a dance, Mr. Delaney !" " Come and have a dance, Mr. Delaney !" " Come and have a dance, Mr. Delaney !" came from the multitude of little beings at once. "Do you think I would dance with a lot of rubbish like you?" said Jack, " I have someone I like better to dance with." One of the largest men in the crowd now informed Jack he must dance or they would make him. "Make me !" said Jack, " By herrins! I could thresh my way to America through the lot of you ; but I am not mean enough, nor degraded enough, to soil my hands by touching one of you." " No ! I will never disgrace a Delaney as long as I live." If I fight anyone, he must be a man, but the likes of you ! Why ! I would never dare to lift up my head in the parish if I entangled myself with such as you are. Why, my good name and reputation would be lost for ever. Upon hearing this they turned poor Jack into a horse ; half of them mounted on his back, started him off at a gallop over hill and dale, through bogs and hedges, sometimes sinking low down, and again rising to the clouds, till they came to a very steep mountain. Here they raced him from top to bottom and from the bottom to the top, till they thought it was time to return, upon which they started homewards, and in a short time reached the pile of stones, on the top of which they had encoun- tered Jack. Here they changed Jack into his former self again, and the little man now taxed Jack with the question : "Will you fight now Mr. Delaney?" Jack was so enraged at the treatment he had received from these aggravating little demons, that he tucked up his sleeves, rubbed his hands, and told the little man to come on, in order that he might have vengeance on the whole lot for their barbarous conduct. But, strange to say, the little man left lumps all over his face, body and hands, cut him in different places, but not a stroke could poor Jack get at the little man. The fairy kicked him, almost crippled him, and told him "he could kill him, but that if Jack liked he would now leave him alone." Jack now thought it best to give in, considering he was so bruised and sore, so he accepted the little man's invitation to be quiet ; for, had not th» best men in the world been beato* as well as poor Jack-and then none of the girls had seen or heard anything of all this, nor had any one else who might be likely to inform them. He now opened his eyes, and was astonished to see the sun Bhining, to hear the birds singing in the trees, and to find all tormentors vanished. Afi^P^t, he thought he had been dead, and that all tbo«torics about suffering he had heard on earth were all false. Why, it is as pleasant a place as the dear old " Emerald Isle." If I could only go home, and tell them not to believe any of those stupid yarna about the suffering of the dead, how glad I would be! Becoming a little more conscious, he began to have doubts that he was still alive, and looking at his feet, said, " Why these are the shoes Con Rcegan made for mo ! And this coat-why I could never take these to the Elysian fields on me. No ! I am still alive ; and this ia Billy Fanny's stone quarry." He now rose up, and hobbled home as best he could. HÍB mother ran to meet him ; buk, when she saw all the bruises and cuts on har darling Jack, her grief knew no bounds. " What has happened to you, Jack, said she ?" " Why," said Jack, " I was fighting all night with the fairies in Billy Finny'a quarry. A swann of them met me there, and I killed most of them ; the rest fled to different places, and gathered all the fairies in 'Ould Ireland,' so I had to fight them too, and managed to kill all but a few, who made a haBty retreat. All I am sorry for is that I did not kill all ¡ the nation would be well rid of such rubbish. Jack did not even mention the treatment he had received Brt the hands of the fairies, how they made a beast ¿^ of burden of him, and how they beat him hetoirmËsL leaving. Jack's mother was so delighted to thini|Hj||P she had such a son who was able to kill fairies ancr do things that no one else would even think of. When the neighbours heard of Jack's wonderful adventure they flocked in crowds to Mrs. Delaney'» to hear the story. It took Jack nearly three weeka, going over and over the samo thing, before they were all satisfied. He told them about the desper- ate battle, the mighty slaughter, and all his won- derful deeds that night ; but there was one who never inquired or asked Jack anything about it, and that was Mike Dillon, and when he heaid any one talking about it he always smiled and shook his head ; nor did Jack Delaney ever allude to the matter in Mike's presence. Barney Casey said " it served him right for talking disrespectfully of the fairies," and now it began to be whispered about " that Jack had been Buffering from tho D.Ts., that he had been fighting with the stones in Billy Finny'B quarry, and that left him in the state in which bis mother saw him on the morning he went home." But then ill-natured people will talk about things they know nothing of, and will interfere in other men's business. We now bid Jack good-bye, and trust the next time he goes to see Kate he will not meet Mike, and then perhaps he will not be obliged to fight the fairies, but will go quietly along the path and reflect on the beauties of nature, and above all on the beauties of his native country, "Ould Erin." 