?novelist, THE FALSE KNIGHT: OR, THE ROBBER OF THE BLACK FOREST, A STORY OF IOVE, MYSTERY, AND ADVENTURE. B* ^tVAHUS CM^R: CHAPTER XI. -Continued " Most.assuredly I will.'' .; V" Jc Good. - I shall ^ivo you the opportu nity very" soon." When, tlio ^priest had. .gone -ySir ..Pascal summoned Balthazar ,vand bade him, go and Beo the baroness/ and ask her how.. Boon, she could So prepared-to receive him.->HejWislied to confer -with her upon a matter of .'great, importance. , The dwSrf''departed, and was gone,.so long tliat his-master-ibecamo uneasy- and suspicious? of evil. . He liad: twice framed the opening speech .with which, he would salute /her tladyship^and had twice for gotten it;; and by-the time ? the hunchback linally ' returned-he had forgotten much more. ' ^ p " Well j' 'rascal . ? What says her august ladyship ? "'Have you been making love to the fail* daughter ?" ? " No, your lordship. -1 will leave .that delectable pastime to you, when-you find her." ! ' " Ha ! What does that mean ?" cried the kiyghtj. seizing the. pigmy by the .collacofjhiB doubletand giving him a shake/ '' Did you see the baroness?" ' , ^, lT ' . "Eo^giivfL;$^&;dqo#cofl$Vi ppen bei yond tlio arch'wayat tho entrance to the ladies' T:had1 kfipclciea.y and kicked, and.called at as^manyidoors as I have fingers, I found a servant,'.who, told me that she had.been doing the same thing for more than an hour; and the black-1 .eyed wench had tlie audacifcy.to spifc.atme, -not, on-me,' mark, your-and tell me': that 11 Mid others like me-meaning your excellency -had drivel? the poor woman? to seekfii'gi safety in death, to which end uhe had drank poison." ' , _ . '' Hark ye,\ sirrah;!' Speak -ye now soberly and to the point, or I'll-I'll cut your wine for a week."®! meanit. ; Now, tell me what you f&und-.;"' "I tolcT.you as nearly as I knew how. I went to flie chamber of the lady as you bade mo ; and I tried the_ doors of all the rooms on that floor, in that wing; and not adoor could I start, nor'a word' of response to my calls could I li^ir ; and tlio, girl said she'd been an hour trying to raise somebody with out avail." . - - Twice the startled * knight strode across flie room, and then, seizing his cap,, ie went out-went.to the forge of the armorer, ;and selecting a heavy sledge-a two»headed .tool-with which he returned to tho keep, he ascended to the apartments of the ladies^ his dwarf page bearing him company. In the first passage on," the second floor they met the servant whoni Balthazar had ques tioned, and; her S^r Pascal told to show him which was the slceping-chambcr of the baronessv The door; was pointed out, and a single blow of the heavy sledge beat it open. The girl rushed in, and presently set up a frantic outcry. Her dear mistress was dead ehe knew;vf That-was her bed, out of which she never slepfj^ and it had not been touched .during the night. - ^ - Other .doors were brokenvOpen, and other ?chambei'3 looked irito -, but no trace of mo ther or ddjightbr;' 'cbifl4rbe.',fQund;. It,was ^Balthazar who thought of asking the servant if she ever waited upon the baroness, and .'helped her to dress. , ' Yes, that was a part of her duty. She :and Gretclien always-waited upon -the good lady - and ?her daughter, and nobody, else. Anil" Gretolien,. lobjV^as gone. She, was .directed to see if the .ladies had .carried anything away with them ; and upon search it was found that both of them had taken tlothing arid all their jewelry. ? . in a state ot frenzy the knight hastened down, and summoned to liia presence all the. officers* and soldiers who had been on guard duty during the night. There were a full score of them in all. . Tliey were ^questioned sharply, .hut nothing could he learned-from them. None of them had seen either of the'missing females. Each , and. every one most solemnly swore that not a, soul had passed him during his. watch; " . : "Where is the ponder ?" .' suggested Lieutenant Franz, when the chief h<id reached the point of declaring that sonicr body had lied. "Do you not know that these old-castles are riddled; through and throughV with all sorts of secret passages?" "Simple.as was. the. revelation, JDunwolf;' Kfld-not'tiiought of it. But ho saw it now,. and admitted the probability of,its.correct-.. ness. , * J He had j ust' bo wed his acknowledgment to Franz when;the '.door.of the. a.partmenfc;* was opened, and the two ruffians, Zillem arid "Walbeck, came, in, looking - like -men' who had just Been a'veritable;;, ghost j each trying to push the, ,otlier on ahead. ^" \ j . "How -now ?'1 cried the knight, .-with a' new terror before him. "'Why you. here i Speak!-Zounds I -I'll-"- - - :"t " Mercy, Meinherr 1" And 'it came out; j with much Btumbling, that the£ had gone down to carry their-prisoner his-breakfast had found the door of the dungeon bolted and barred and locked, just as they had left it; but the place was empty, - The straw had not been laid upon," and two of the candles and the candlestick had been taken away. > ? * _ ^ , . - j ."..TliiB": was too . much. -,-Sir, Pascal .wasi stricken dumb.' He gasped and choked,! but for a considerable time was unable to1 speak. And when," at length, his power of speech came to him, he was so deeply moved "that he Bpoke without an oath; 110 oath that he could frame being adequate to. the occasion.: : ? "Franz "What do .you make of this?" " It muBt be, sir,' that some of tho men of the castle . discovered . that. the: . captain had been^locked up.. in" that, place, and, they, contrived, during- the night, - to -set him free." " But liow could tliey have got. there.if | our sentinels were awake ?" . -i "By means of passes of-whicli we are ignorant. It you will' reficct.you will call to mind that the subterranean.. passes of-., these old piles always connect with the, lower crypts'and dungeons." . ' | \- Again the knight was'forced to;admit.the, plausibility; of his .lieutenant's "-solution ; and, having questioned- the jailers some-1 what further, he resolved to go down and, investigate for himself; .He. had brought with him the bledge with* which he *liad opened tho' chamber doors ; that he gave to'Zillem, and directed YValbcck to go to tlx'e armorers forge, and get anotherjust like: it,' and to bring, also, a common hammer of goodly size. - ,! " When all was ready, lights were ^iken and the party set forth. The -first .point, for examination was the dungeon from which j the prisoner had been set free. ? Was-Jliere any secret pass there?- Tliey hammered and pounded everywliei;e, 'but only tho dull, massy sound of solid rock was returaed.;j Tlie walls on three sides were absolutely native rock, and; o£ course, there could be | nothing of the kind in the front wall.. As for the" floor, it was of flags "of such size,1 and so'firmly laid,: that no . human power could move them. It never occurred to them that the floor of a square recess cut fiom the native ledge .ought itself-or, at . jibasfc,' tlie inner portion of it-to be solid like the: walls that arose from it. They ;fiugh.fc have seen, too, that,the* floor of the passage- outside, on a level with that of the dungeon, was. simply a surface of natural rock. ''?* Also/' they. might have < discovered that the floor of the very next dungeon was of nature's own make. ? .But they saw nothing of this. It was evident that^ie prisoner had ""been set free by somebody from the outside j and as for findihi? the secret in that maze of cells and crypts and ?vaulted;^passages; the' thing -was not to be tliouglit'of. ^h^hammered.imd banged upon a few suspiciousrlooking places; but in the end returned'no wiser than they went.- .. _ ..'???' \- On reaching daylight again, Sir Pascal thought;9f,mustering;the.force of the.castle ^.those men who liadTbeeri under Capt. von Linden's command-and ^ ."demanding of them information upon the' subject of what he-was pleased to term the" recent' outrage ; but Franz quickly argued him away from it. Said! he, after'his chief had 'given up the objectionable plan : - . \- " The prisoner is gonero£ course, beyond the confines of the'castle, and I doubt if there is a soul here present who knows where he is. Further, the ladies aire surely with him ; and we may ' judge; from the fact that no horses havo been taken, that they, have not gone far. Now, my dear master," continued; the. trusty frenchman, laying the dexter finger of the right hand into the palm of the lef t, as he went on, fipeakhig'slowly and! earnestly, " our first object is to make outselves. secure in our position; and-know who are our friends. Of the five-and-forfcy ineu-at-arihs whoin we found in the garrison here when wu came, the larger portion of them ^re soldiers-\v-ho have ! bebri drawn from other sources within a few months. The old knight, whose: funeral had just taken place when we arrived, had eulisted them by order of the grand duke,' after intelligence had been received of the anticipated insurrection. More than half of those men,; to my certain knowledge, are already heart and soul with us; and I have ho doubt that we might, by proper management, gain very nearly the whole of them. 5 i "Lot us first do that, sir j and then let us find Thorbrand. If we do not find .him readily, we must find some of his men and i confer with tliem. That they are in this neighborhood thero can be no doubt. Meantime we will throw our guards upon all the avenues of the surrounding fdresb, to make sure that the fugitives do not escape us. Tliis is the plan I would j suggest." And the chief had resolved to adopt it before Franz had done speaking. - Accordingly, after one more thorough search over tlie castle for'the'missing * ones; Sir Pascal caused the origmal force of the castle to be musteredon the parade ground, and when they, were together, he stated to them plainly his object. He' wanted to know how many of thenV lie could "depend upon to follow,him without question; how many would take the oath of fealty to him self. 5 He used no honeyed words, but he "did thisHe"niade'them tunderstand that those' who fsnoid^i»fuse;^him; allegiance might look; for, hard times 4 wliile on. tlie other hand, for those who should- prove true to' him, therpwould be thebest of treat ment, and tliere might be considerable booty. -????; ? ; ?/ . The result had not been looked for. -Only ten.meri:of thefiye-and-forty privates and nine non-commissioned officers-ten of the whole number-stood firm and true, to #the : old; duty. aad^iey;'when tlicy saw and [ understood tlie "situationj believing ;tliat I theiifj^oungcaptairi' and tlie ladies of the J castle'had got safely away, asked .that they i might be "discharged from the service. They Iliad taken the oatlx of fealty to the ba ! roness, and only she lierself ? could absolve them. - I . For a wonder Dunwolf permitted them to go. He felt that they could do him more harm if J they remained than- they, .could in : being outside. " Xnd thus was he completely .master of the castle. Saving the fewliouse j hold Bervantspfoi' wliom-he did hot care,all (within the walls were his sworn supporters. jBefore the sun ofithat day had set he had sent swift couriers out upon all the roads .upon every" path where" a. .woman could [make her way-and made sure that no ^persons had gone forth' since the previous 'evening. Also, he had posted sentinels at 'the j various passes, -to -prevent theout gPing i of .anyone -without question..': -; During the evening of that day, for the first tiiirejihe was'told of the. cob of the old 'hunter on the -opposite mountain .side. .Could it-be possible that the fugitives had' ^found^shelter'^d -hiding there ?., He would [very soon know. . j - On tlie next morning,-bright ; and early,, j accompanied by ; ^ 'tfie castle,'r Sir Pascal "and his lieutenant, 1 with tlierdwari ?page>:.®ho had begged hard tli'at he might be permitted "to go;, set- forth for the hunter's cot.-" Tliey_reached it with out adventure .worthy ,of note, and iound the hunter himself standing in his open ^ttporway/i Evidently he had been, on- tlie ;Avatch for them, having been very sure that they would come.- , ! . Pascal Dunwolf stood fairly abashed be fore the man he had come to see. He had been prepared to find a rough, ignorant mbuntaiueer,, who*would instinctively quail and cower before hini;;but, insEead of tliabj lioigazod upon a man* noble and grand in form and:feature-a nmn^wlioilooked. upon him; as -a monarch might -look upon his meanest subject. " - * ; j Never .mind- the details of- the interview, |The visitor, as soon as he could present his business, stated why lie liad come. He was very anxious concerning the ladies, who were so. far under his care r tiiat he felt responsible-for. their, safety. - Had the hunter seen anything of them?- Could lie Igive any information-'at all ? - I Sir," said Oberwald with a'stately bow, " I might answer you tliat'lohad not seen them-that I knew nothing: of' thorn ; but that ;would ipresupposeomyfreadiness to-, be tray them if they-1 were' here", or -to tell a falsehood; Tlie l&ly;; daughter are .my dear:j^en^(dd;if.i^n%^ wliere they had"ifoundnrefuge L certainly should refuse to tell you?'-'L 0"!do fiot 'look sp glum ! : I only do^wliat you would do. if you be a man of honor.- But, sir,' my humble abode is beforG ^yoii,np*doors are locked."' You can look through it if you will; also, you.may searcli the forest round about.: I certainly hope you ma^1 not . find them, because I kn6w~they would not have left you-; without good' and/sufficient reason." ^ 'The spurred and belted knight was for a little time fairly beside himself - with' con tending emotions. :-pncehe seemed more ti&n;>halfinclined,-tp^diaw."liis sword,::and again a torrent of . curses was upon his- lips "ready to burst forthj^Jbut his;;better- judg ment finally prevailed,. and: in moderate. tone3 he told the hunter that he should like to view the - internal arrangements^ of his dwelling. .If'V »' . 3 \- Without a word Oberwald admitted him and Ins lieutenant. -The- obtrusive" hunch back started to go in, but his. master put him back. .. Uponenteringtheliving-roomtliehunter'E daughter was discovered- sitting by the great fire-place,_ and -Franz who had an eye for a pretty face, started to address her. At that moment lip rose the great St. Ber nard, with a growl like far-off thundery-and the gallant drew back,leaving the damsel to herself. : ; v .. . >Every part of the cot was visited ; every liole and corner was peered into ; but no thing was found that looked like a fugitive baroness, and in the end the party of ob servation left tlie" cot no wiser than they were on their arrival. Sore at heart, aud in deeper trouble than he would acknowledge, Sir Pascal Dunwolf returned to the castK. Thus far he had been baffled at every step; still he did riot give up. Fresh ridera were . sent out to scour the forest, and every means he could; think of taken to find the missing ones. And now for the robber chief. . While the search was going on for the fugitives he must find Thorbrand, and with him come to an undergtanding. Wliy the man had hot called upon him lie could not conceive. He had promised that he would be very [punctual. ? It was 011 the third day after the disap pearance of Captain von Linden and the ladies, while scouts were scouring in every direction for the robber chieftain, or for any of his band, that one of the famed bandit's followers was broucrht before him. He.gave his jv1"""* as-Rildcguud, anil s«u he Avap riitf of Thorbrand's chief lieutenants He had been on his way to the castk v. lu i the outriders had met hini,; and he wa. anxious to find his master as Wais any one. " More than a hundred men of ou r band, ' he said, " are now encamped in the Arn berg Valley waiting for an order from their chief. ? Thorbrand left us little more than, a week ago, in company with his chic' ; officer, young Wolfgang-young he is^ sir but a thunderbolt in -.battle-they left u. for the express purpose of coming to till* very castle to report to yourself. All is ready with us, and the barons of Wurtem-1 burg are ready to move as .?'ooii as they j knoAV that Deckendorf Castle is open . to them in Case of need. We haVe waited till J now for our "chief 's return, and when the j full week had gone I started out in quest of him., The last words he spoke before, leaiv-1 ing us were spoken to me. " .<s. j " ' Hildegimd,' he^aid, ' I go to'confer with the knight who has: been sent to com-] mand Deckendorf Castle. When I have' arranged satisfactorily with him I will let J you know." 1 ' ' : " He promised that if he did not come himself he would send;Wolfgang. That, as' I have said, was'more than a week ago, and from that time, we have heard not'a word, nor have we received- a sign.. Wliat. can it mean ?" - >' Dun wolf was confounded. Wasitpos; sible'that Tlibrbrand had , made his ap pearance at" the castle before his arrival while _ von Linden, was in: command-and hiad the. fiery,,youth put- him oufc of-the way ? He 'summoned two of' the 1 assistant warders, who had taken ' the' oath of fealty, to him,, and.questioned them closely.. They declaredy unhesitatingly ^ tliat it would have been nnpossible for any : man- to-havo visited the castle durmg the'-week "previous to Sir'Arthur's'death without jeitU'er one or the oilier of them being'witness.' ' After .this there was a; silence, broken at length by the -robber. < .; "Have you.made search at the.cot o Martin Oberwald ?" * 1' . '' What?-the * hunter oh the opposite mountains _ - .'"Thesame." .- k w " Not for Thorbrand; but I have been there, and liavo looked into every hble and corner after others." . ?? -J . .?????.-.... , .... .4. ..v. t ^ Hildegund shrugged his shoulders signi ficantly. , \- "That man," lie Baid, "is deeper than you think. If any, one can give ? ITS infor mation, it is he...-;;'-But we niusfc be \raxy. Let us think the matter over, and ,fix upon a plait of action. ' He. has holes and corners at- command.that,you did not dream of, I'll' be bound." ' - ; Hildegund was of middle age ; tall - and I ^inewyy" and strong of limb. He was handsome man,.-too, with a face remarkably ! keen arid Intelligent, That he was an ..ex*;' perienced forester and" mountaineer was! evident from the outset, aud~to liim Sir! Pascal tendered the.oflice of guide id. thei present'emergency. \ | The ljrigand readily .accepted the position! and straightway proceeded to actionhis niovoments indicating very plainly that ho' knew, 'what lie "was: about. Befoi'e that day's sun had . set he . haxl organized ""a) force of little less, than two-score men-allj more or- less versed in the mysteries of mountain life-and the dwelling.ofMartin Oberwald was completely environed; so that no person could enter in or go away without .being discovered.f . : 