?!' '^'iWAWBAA, OETHE RESCUE ? '! Chapter XI. . :im'1 ?The' vesBol' which Mr. ochutz s mon had Been i-was',* of ' course,' theo' Saiicy ^Belle.v The i crew.i had Buccee'ded 'invrepaiting the diunagea'aa far as was possible;' without go irfg 'dn'to;:a dock, and' she was ready to sail the moment the children were recovered. Captain Dudley;; who was not- a' ma* to lose anv chance. 1 had ? taken particular' 'note of ?the coast iwhere ? the river ran' out intb the sea; and as he found that there waa «, small island almost at the very mouth; he placed a/'couple of men-there, who' were to keep w'atoh^air day in' case; -by; any acoidont; the ohildreri we're able 'to get away sooner'than they cxpectdd.' Those men were the first 'tb discover tho ' approach of Mr. Schiitz's boat, almost 'at the same moment as' the boatmen ; saw the ' Sauoy Belle,' and,al . though ' they did not for one moment' sup- pose that the boat had anything te do with the lost children, they [thought it well to let Captain Dudley know 'at once of the approach bf the new party.' Accordingly they made a smoke, as they had been, directed to do, on the sen wnrd side of the island, and in a ' few moments saw a boat lowered from the' ship's side, and pulling towards them as fast oa strong arms could make'it go. ; i: -; ! ' ?'- 'What is it P' shouted the captain as! soon -aa ho got within speaking distance,, 'atijf Bigns of the boat?' ' i 'No, sir, not from the rirer ; but there I ib a: boat coming along' the shore, and we thought you ought to know.' : i '|: ''AU: right, my lads,' said the captain, '' You' go -back tb your post; I'll see who it is.' So the captain ateered'tho boat round ? the point of the island a few yards further on, aad there'sure enough' he saw a boat : sailing along, and on the beach a number of ' men tramping 'along. As it waBJuataB well to be cautious, even though many of the men were evidently white men, he told the men at the oarR to cease rowing, and awaited the approach bf the fresh arrivals. When they were near enough to be dis tinctly' seen,.' he could distinguish that the men on shore were heavily armed, and this added to hia uneasiness. ' I hope to goodness,' he remarked to the men,' ' That these fellows are not up to any mischief ; it will go hard with my littfe ones if there is any blood shed. Pull gently towards the other boat.' In a few momenta ? the boats were not more than a hundred yards apart. 'What boat is that?' he shouted, and almost as soon as he uttered tho words there came the counter-question : — ; '? The Saucy Belle ; and yonrs ?' 'Mr. Schutz's expedition.' \- 'Where is he?' then asked Captain Dudley. 'There on Bhore,' said a man pointing to the band of men on the beach. ' The captain ordered the boat to be turned to the shore, and in a few moments he was talking to Mr. Schutz, and entering into mutual explanations. Mr. Schutz at once . ajfrie'd to delay any action he might feel r called upon to take until at least another' I day or two, so as to give the children every 'chance of. escaping. At the invitation .of j Captain Dudley, the whole party weut on ! board the Saucy Belle, RO as to be out of !the reach of danger, and to do away with the necessity of the constant watching, which would haye ' to be kept up on the jBhpre. Only two men were left on the lialan.d, being relieved every few hours. : ?Hour after hour passed, by and there was no sign of any canoe ; not that the captain expected any news1 during tha daylight, but still he' thought it right to take every precaution. When the, short tropical twi light was at hand, Captain Dudley, accbm-. panied by Mr. . Schutz, who volunteered to keep him company,, and several of his men started off for . the island ; and as soon as 'they had taken'bn board, the two men' whb wbr« then 'there, ' they pulled gently' arid' noiselessly towards the 1 mouth, of tha riyir.' ' '80 quick is the change in those parts'' from ;daylight todarkneBs, that by. the 'time they had ; got well within' the' points of land which' 'formed the 'heads' oft the7 rirer it was' perfectly dark. Not ,a Bound wan to be heard . excepting the; shrill note bf 'the riumbprlesB'.frbgB and cricketa'^ which inhabited' the, river banks. . ( Now' md. again a sudden splash could be'heard, as a nugu Hiiiyauji- piuu^uu iui-u line nror from.the bank. The party talked in low whisperel and made not tho slightest noiso as they.p.ulled albngVfbifnbt bnl^'i?ere'the rowlookB wrapped in cloths so that the oars moved noiselessly in them, but the men who' had been pickad- for, the- purpoao' tnov«d» their oars in an'dout ''of the 'water without the least aplaah or sound. ? ')'*»'»? ' Captain,' whispered Mr. Schutz, ' how would it 'dp to cross the bar j it, can't be very much ^further up,: and then push gently ahead j wp can cover several miles and bp baok again before daylight j and .if the, children are coming, why wo shall save them a lot of labour and anxiety.' , ' 'I've thought of that; my only fear, is lest we should miss the canoo. I can't think it possible that iny boy would ven turo to suggest such a sohemo, if he did not count upon getting some assistance from .the .native lads who wore taken at the same time.' .,.....- 1 , 'I don't see hew we .could miss them, Captain.jespdcially, if ,we keep fair in the middle of the stream.' . ' Very well^ .we'll try it. Pull gently, men, and not a; sound if ycu can help it.' 1 - ,. So on they w.entand presently drew witho in a; Bhort, distance of the bar, which, in; se ^many , 'of these rivers^ crosses the who! stream, leaving, generally only a narrpw' paesage and thatvery. shallow. By carefully .watching, the current of water, they were able,to,push; t^eir.^ay through tha narrow, only .touching once for a moment ou the 'edge,ofj a sandbank;. As Boon as(1they,had passed, the bar, they, were able to, increase theip .speed, ^though still they u went . cautiously and .noiselesBly.; After, they -had travelled, ;fpr' at,,least: an hour andj,were .beginning, to,, wrpnder hpw muoh longer they Bud^enjhaitbjr hearing in tho distance the sounds pf a .human, 1 voice. -, After pausing! a, moment, they moved on slowly and gently nearer. to the jvpicp, [and-, soon could detect the words that it uttered. -j ., ,-./.',(.) -,.','pch! Murtheri, And here, I, am 'lost a,mpnga,tAwild /murthering , savages,. r but, Pe.ter.^what.ia^.jaBS | you were to bo Bur© lTTrr-1and|tpithinkof imy,poolould mithen a cryingher eyes out-r-.Oh ^ear, oh dear.' Ui ' Its, ,th,»t) stuped, fellow of mine,' said ?Mr.,,4chuJ;z,'( '/if ,we don't got hold of , him .hejll ,TfU8e.i. the whole country with,;hiB groans., 'Turn the boat- in and I'll make him, ,be quiet.'. ? it ;, ^'Aflright.? ' . . ' „ 'Peterr-holdyour row will you ?' . ,d , 'Hould my,row, is it. Och I Shiiro it's the master's ghost! I'll confess, I'll con fess. , I took no lore than 2 . pounds ? of ,bacca and 2, or 3 tins of the meat-stuff. I'll .neveridoit again. I'll— — ' i : f ' If , you , dpn't hold that awful row;, Peter; I'll put a bullet into you, as sure as anything.'' ,'f 'Oh don't, don't, master ? ' ; ; ;? Here the click of the revolver in Mr. Schutz's hand had the deBircd effect and Peter subsided into a less audible tone, in which, however, could be distinguished fragmentary. allusion to 'bacca, meat, fish, eto./: which' were evidently preying upon his cotieciencG. i'l At length .the boat was pushed close ito .bank, on tho, top of which Peter was .perched and onbeing told to get in, he did ao by nearlyi driving a hole right through, her'bottom as he tumbled headlong in. \r \ (To bt continued.) . ?'. 