Reviows. PICTURESQUE NEW GUINEA.-This is the title of a largo and handsome quarto volume published by Longmans, and containing fifty full-page autotype illustrations taken from life by Mr. J. W. Lindt, P.E.G.S. The work itself contains am interesting account of the history of New Guinea, from the date of its earliest discovery by Europeans to the death of Sir Peter Scratchley. There are also chapters on the manners and customs of the Papuans, derived from materials supplied by Messrs. Lawes, Chalmers, and others. Of courße Mr. Lindt's only personal experience was obtained from his voyage when accompanying Sir Peter Scratchley as a volunteer, and where he had the opportunity of taking his photographic views, which have been very carefully and beautifully reproduced in England. The handsome volume is dedicated by special permission to the Queen. A WEIHD KEGION.-We have received a copy of an attractive work on the lakes, terraces, geysers, and volcanosof New Zealand, which' Mr. Thomson W. Leys, of Auckland, has described under the appropriate name of " a weird region." The author or compiler has given a good read- able account of the volcanic portion of Now Zealand. But the speciality of the publication is the account of the great eruption at Tarawera, on June 10, 1886, full details of which are repeated. Mr. Leys seems to think that, co far from the locality being permanently injured, the thermal springs will become mere active, and, as a sanatorium, will be rather bene- fited than otherwise. A chapter is devoted to an account of the wonderful valley of Wai-o-tapu, with its pink cauldron and colored lakes; and some curious Maori legends and verses are added. There is a good map j and the book contains a larere number of clever colored and plain illustra- tions depicting various remarkable spots. Mr. H. Brett, of the STAB office, Auckland, is the [ publisher. _ DEFENDERS OF NEW ZEALAND.-Wo have to acknowledge the receipt of a copy of a really magnificent book, just published by Mr. Brett, in the STAR Office, Auckland, New Zealand. It pro- fesses to give portraits and short biographies of all the officers and, men who specially distin- guished themselves in the wars with the Maoris. It is, in fact, a history of the wars themselves, told in a peculiarly graphic manner; and the way in which Cap- tain T. Wayth Gudgeon, of the Wanganui militia and volunteers, has executed his task re- flects the utmost credit upon him. The portraits are admirable and faultlessly executed ; and, altogether, the work is an invaluablo record of stirring military events. Included in the present volume is an account of the war, supposed to be related from the Maoris' point of view. The aufc h or is Lieutenant-Colonel M'Donnell of the New Zealand militia, who from his thorough acquaint- ance with the natives and all their opinions, was peculiarly well qualified for the task. The story is well worth reading, as it gives a clear view of the other side of the question, and shows that, whether or not the English had right on the side, th« les* civilised race, at any rate, believed that they were fully justified in the whole of their actions. Appended to the historical portion of the book are some very curious tales or legends of the Maoris, which are most interesting in their way. Upon the whole, this is one of the finest works which has issued from the southern press. In size it is royal 8vo, containing about 650 pages. It is clearly and brightly printed from new type, and is handsomely bound. In every respect it reflects the highest credit upon authors, artist, and pub- lisher, and deserves a place in every library. Messrs. W. Dobell and Co. are the agents for the sale of the work in Sydney. TUB CENTENNIAL HYMN BOOK.-Hore is a collection of hymns written by various authors, and adapted for the use of*the Unitarian Church in Sydney by the late Rev. E. R. Grant, recently minister of the Liverpool-street Church. The compilation contains some well-known and exquisitely beautiful religious poetry, and is very unsectarian. It was not to be expected that it would comprise the devotional hymns to Christ which appear in other collections ; but it is not a little curious that in that portion of tho book containing hymns to be used in times of the trials of life there are frequent references both to Christ and to the Holy Ghost. The book has been printed for circulation among the members of the Unitarian Church and their families ¡ and, according to the preface, it ia not intended to realise any profit by the public sale. THE AUSTRALASIAN FEDERAL DIRECTORY, of which we have received a copy, has just been published by Mr. J. W. P. Rogers, of Melbourne and Sydney. It appears to be one of the moat comprehensive works of the kind yet issued, and professes to contain the business, professional, or official addresses of firms and persons in every town of New South Wale3, Victoria, New Zealand, Queensland, South Australia, West Australia, Tasmania, and Fiji. It is a super-royal 8vo volume of G24 pages, carefully printed and well arranged, and contains historical and statistical information of each of the colonies, and digests of the municipal, land and mining laws. The directory is divided under a great number of heads j and in addition to the alphabetical directory there are directories of the ecclesiastical establishments, hotels, insurance offices, medical and lejal prac- titioners, and all other trades and professions. The work should be valuable to business men and others. _ 