[cONTISTOED FROM SATURDAY'S ISSUE.] TRi 1UGHT OF TRANSLATION IS RESERVED. SABINA ZEMBRA. A Novel. BY WILLIAM BLACK. Author " Macleod of Dace," Princess of Thule," etc. CHAPTER XXXVI. New Quarters. " And this ia what they call the jocund morn," Walter Lindsay remarked to himsolf, as he was leisurely dressing by f?as-light. It was about nine o'clock. Outside, the great world of London lay stoeped in a heavy and slumberous fog, dense, immovable, myste- [ rious, with here and there a black ghost pass- | ing through the saffron-hued darkness. And yet he did not complain over much. There were other and more cheerful visions before his eyes. He was about to take a little run down into Surrey, just to recall what an English winter was like in the country ; and it was quite possible that he might bo' led into making a seriesof watercolour studies— extending over several months, indeed—if only he could find convenient quarters. Nor did heat all seek to conceal from himself that his main purpose in going down into the country was that ho might perhaps have Sabina for neighbour. No; on the contrary, he strove to persuade himself that he should approach her without any anxiety or misgiving whatever. Why should there be any embarrassment ? He would have nothing to do with trembling hopes and fears. It was for Sabina herself to decide what their relationship should be—of the simplest, if so she wished it. But she could hardly refuse him her friendship. She would not turn away from him, without a reason. And it would be a verv nleasant thing for liim to know that this beautiful Biscer and companion—-or acquaintance, even, if she preferred that—was uot more than an hour or two's walk aivay. Perhaps tl.c would give him a cup of tea as he passed. They might meet at church of a Sunday morning, and stroll homeward together. He could leave little presents fur the boy, or illustrated papers and magazines tor herself, or a baskot of fruit, perhaps, got down from j Covent Garden. Sister and friend, if so she wished it ; ho was content. And so he looked forward to meeting Sabina with equanimity and a light heart. During the morning matters outside mended somewhat ; the fog grew gradually thinner ; and by the time he issued forth the suti was actual'y visible:—appearing like a small Hhpano- Moresque plate in an atmos phere of opaque milky-white. It was a long way across London to Waterloo Station ; when he reached that hollow-resounding place, with its cold platforms and shivering porters, there was even a faint BUggeBtiori of blue in thesky jhe was now secure of a bright day for his first dip into Surrey. He had msde up his mind that on this occasion he would not seek to see Sabina. He would merely have a look round the neighbourhood, to discover whether it would suit his purpose. His own dim recollection of it was that it was pretty flat—heathy commons, ponds, scattered villages, and so forth. But in any case there was more variety a little way farther to the south—by Box-Hill and Mickloham Dnwno j and tlion again it was atmospheric effects ho was aim ing at rather than pronounced landscape. Frosty moonlight nights, snow-scenes, wan wintry sunrises, and the like ; these were what ho was after ; he could afford, in this series of studies at least, to dispense with the conventionally picturesque. And if he did happen to meet Sabina, on this journey of exploration, of c> urea he would speak to her. She would hardly be surprised. It ^vas a landscape-painter's business to be about the country in all seasons. He would tell her his aims. And she would understand that his choice of this neighbourhood was diotatod chiefly by tho fact of there being a conve nient little hotel at Burford Bridge, which would afford him excellent headquarters. But still—still—as the train jogged on its way through the wiutry English landscape —with its irregular little fields and tall hedges, i<s dank raw greens and reds, its pale sunshine nni vaporous distances—he began to be less convinced that he should meet Sabina in this easy and matter of-fact fashion. Tkere were somo things he could not quite forget. He could not forget how, in former days, when Sabina made her appearance—whether at the top of the stairs at the Royal Academy, or alighting from her cab in front of his own house, or as he casually encountered her in Kensington High-street—there was a kind of bewilderment caused by the straightfor ward look of her clear, beautiful, bland eyes. He could not forget the glamour of her presence as she sate beside him at the suppef-table, the cliarm of her Bmilo, the mystic fascination of her voice and his own desperate anxiety to be kind to her aud to entertain her in every possible way. Things were changed, it is true. Then she was the admired of all—radiant, and beautiful, and queenly ; conferring favour by the mere touch of her hand; bringing with her an atmosphere of light and happiness and sun shine whithersoever she went ; now she was solitary, and apart from friends, and a widow. And then he remembered—in these rather Tristful reveries, as he sato and looked out on tho ever-chauging wintry landscape—that Monna Giovanna was .a widow when at last Federigo won her l ive. But thon Monna Giovanna wa3 rich and had everything to give ; whereas Federigo when lie bad sacrificed his falcon for her sake, had parted with the last of his possessions. And then again he recalled Janie'3 often-repeated saying, " There is but the oneway of win ning Sabie's love, and that is through her pity." Ho was in no promising case, then] In honert truth, he could not compassionate himself about anything. He was in the best of health, withtheyearsstilUyinglightlyonhia shoulders ; he had won for himself a position as an artist which he considered quite com mensurate with his merits ; ho was of good descent ; he had more money than met his needs; he had lots of friends. He knew of no particular reason why he should be pitied; except, perhaps, that he had the misfortune to be very much in love with a woman—and even in that direction he did not struggle hard witli his fato. " Witstead!" The sudden sound startled him out of these reveries ; and involuntarily and quickly hoglancedroundtlie little platform. Butthcre was no one going away by the train ; and I10 was the only person who alighted ; when he had given up his ticket and passed through the small building, he found himself alone, with the road lying before him towards tho village. And here he paused, in dire uncertainty, almost in fear. It. wa3 one thing to think of Sabina when he was three or four thou sand miles away; it was another to find him self almost within a stone's thr-w of her, so that any moment lie might frid himself con fronted by her startled eyes. If only ho ciuld at once go forward and take her hand and say, "Dear friend, dorv't be alarmed. 1 It is tiue I have come to see you—to be near j you. But I will vex you with no importuui ' t.iea. You shall be my sister, if you wish it —my sister and friend ; and I will ask you to let me seo you occasionally, and to help you in any way that may arise?" But would not these very explanations be embarrassing —nay, impossible? And now he wished he had gone on to Burford- Bridgo ; and remained there until the arrival of his painting mate rials. He had not even a note-book and pencil with him to make pretence, supposing ho were suddenly to meet Sabina, and have to tell his tale. And what if she were to resent his coming thus unannounced and uninvited? He began to think it would be better for him to avoid Witstoad; there would ba some other route by which he could make his way to Burford-Bridgo. And yet an overpowering fascination of curiosity drew him on, bit by bit, towards the village. Ho regarded the most trivial things around him with the keenest interest. This road, now—crisp and hard it was in the grip of the frost, and the ruts made by the cart-wheels were gleaming white with ice—this was the road Sabina would comn along each time she went to London. And of course she would be quite familiar with ? 11 these things—the wintry hedges, the wide stretch of common, with its patches of dark green gorse, the pond now ruffled into silver by a slight wind from the iioi'th. And still he Went on, with an eye cast well forward. If only he could see her cottage, then ho would go away content. But how was he to make out which of these straggling houses was liors ? He met no one ; and so could not ask. As he drew nearer, he could seo two or three small children playing about; other wise tho main thoroughfare seemed quite deserted ; for although there were two heavily-laden wains in front of the Checkers, the drivers had gone inside. Finally, after a moment's hesitation, lie took heart of grace, walked boldly forward, crossed the road, and entered the inn. He was receivedjb.y the daughter of theliouse; a pretty, buxom, bluo-oyed little wench, •■vho seemed to regard the tall, bronzed, lilack-eyed stranger with much a"d evident favour. For not only did sho politely invite him into the bar-parlor, but she offered him a newspaper, and poked up the fire for him ; and when she brought him the ale and ;bis cuits aud cheese he had ordered (in the mean time she had snatched a moment to look at her hair, and arrange her smart little cuffs), she Beented quite willing to wait and be asked questions, which she answored smilingly and graciously. And this led to a notable dis covery. * ' • " Oh, yes, it is . a very' quiet neighbour-, hord," she was saying ; and then she added, with a little laugh : " But it wasn't last week. You know we got our man in,.sir.". : i j j " NOj I didn't know," he said-r-though he suspected,- from certain damaged placards he had seen, that there had been a1 cpunty election retiSntly-.• " I have been away.from' England for two or three yearsj and.hava just come back." " Have you indeed, sir !" she exclaimed, as if that were a very remarkable occurrence. " And who was the lucky candidate 1" he continued. " : ' " Sir Tyrrell Drake, sir." " Oh, really," he said; with some surprise. " Well, he is a good man." " He ia a very kind gentleman—lie is very much liked about here," sho said plea santly. ■ . " But youdon't mean thathajisstillatBeayer Court ?—I thought he had taken it for only a season or two, for the shooting." " He has bought the Court, sir. Oh, yes, that was about eighteen months ago, I think." Really !" he said ; and for a minute or two the amiable young lady's volunteered information about Beaver Court and its con nectioirwith local politics received remarkably small attention. His mind was off on a rapid little trip. Of course Sabina would be known to the clergyman of, the parish ; of course the clergyman would be j known to the owner of Beaver Court, which was one of the great houses in the neighbour hood ; Lindsay lind become very friendly with this Sir Tyrrell Drake through meeting ! him at more than one shooting- box in Scot land ; and so what more simple than to have conveyed to Sabina in this way the informa- j tion that he was established at Biirford Bridge and that there would be nothing re markable if she would happen to meet him ? : She would be prepared. There would be no danger of startling her. Their friendship j would be resumed in an easy and' natural way ; it would be no matter for wonder if ho j called upon her, and took the little presents for the boy. Wlion he had paid his shot,; and was about, to leave, ho said to the gracious and frii nlly hand maiden :— '•D.i you happen to know a Mrs. Foster who lives about here f "Indeed I do, sir," was the instant answer. " The poor dear lady is very lonely now ; 'she is a widow now, perhaps you know, sir " " Yes," lie said, absently. And then he added : "Is her house in the village, or out side 1" " If you step into the road, I yrill show you." He followed herj aiid she pointed out to him the cottage, which stood somewhat apart from the rest of (he place, with a bit of ground in front, and apparently a larger space of garden behind. He was rather glad that he could go on. his way: without passing the cottage ; but he stood looking at it—until, indeed, he was recalled to his senses by the young lady of the inn saying to him :— " Good morning, sir, and thank you !" Oh, good morning—and thank you very much j" ho i aid—and therewith she tripped into the li' stelry, with just one brief, swift, and perhaps casual glance, frsni ] the doorstep, at tho handsome stranger who i was now walking bri.-kly away south ward. And ho was well content that now he knew the actual: and veritable house that j held Sabina j and he was glad to be in the neighbourhood ; and, whenover chance! b ought him that way, he would know the j precise spot that his eyes would seek for. Indeed, so woll satisfied was ho with his morning's work that, as he.got further and further down into tho country he began to devote his mind to other things and to have a look about him for possible subjects. To a:i ordinary observer thero was not much that was promising ; for although there was a perfectly cloudless sky overhead, and the pale December sunlight was flooding the land, wintry des»Wiou was too apparent, the woods were leafloss, tho tiees nearer at hand looked black. That is to say, to an ordinary observer tho trees might have looked black"; but to the trained eye of a landscape-painter thoro is nothing black in the country—-except the rook? ; as regarded these very t.rees, he was noting with delight the golden-green of th'.'ir stems on tho suu i ward side and the beautiful deep rose-purple of their spreading masses of branches and t'.vi"3. Indeed for him there was no lack of colour anywhere. There was the ruddy bronze of the fallen beech-leaves ; there was the dull yellow of the foliage of the scrub oak ; there wm the sparkling green of ivy and laurel, and the heavier gveon of the firs; tho tail hedges were starred with tho red or purple-red berries of tho hawthorn, tho ! wild-rose, aiu] the yew ; here? i\nd there the high banks were hanging with tho silvery-grey fluff of the wild : clematis. Oh, yes, ho should have plenty i of employment. There were greater things than these to tax his skiil. The ever changing heavens would present him with their slow-movi g transformations, from tho lonely splendour of the dawn to the mystery of the coming .night : tho snow and- tho frost would be his companions ; the moonlit woods would huvo secrets to revoal. And ho was especially fortunate in this, that the public were very good to him, and did not grumble when he would insist on doing his work in his own way. He might be as patient and faithful and minute as he chose or as illusive andsubtle and faintly suggestive— and they did not complain. Doubtless they knew they, could get cliromo-lithographs else where. When he got down to Box-Hill, he first of all had a look round the neighbourhood, and saw there what—with a little straining of conscience—served to confirm him in his purpose. Then he proceeded to the Bur ford Bridge Hotel, and managed to secure what seemed to him very snug and comfort able rooms. And finally he ascertained that Sir Tyrrell Drake was then living at Beaver Oourtthough thoy could not tell him whether Sir Tyrrell'had got through his pheasant-shooting of the year. The fact is, Lindsay, though he had now to say, " For I must to the greenwood go," had no thought of going as "a banished man." He ex pected to spend the time very pleasantly in this retreat ; and if his work should hold him mainly bound to these more southern regions, still, there were Sundays and other occasional holidays when a little trip north ward would afford him relaxation. If only that first meeting were well over ! In the meanwhile, he walked on to Reading, and foik train back to-London ; anxious to get his preparations made as soon as possible, and himself installed iri these 110W quarters. In a couple of days' time, he thought ' h<3 should be established in Burford-Bridge.; (To be continued.) 