WALTER MONTGOMERY ANL HAMLET. By Bsmos. Dr Nnlld, president of tho 8inkfipCflrt Society, nt tlm meeting on 1 rulny nlgiit, l«t itiRt recommended to tho attention of tho membori to tho atticlo by n "Book taver" wr.icn appeared m Tick herald on Thurs- dny nnd wo fancy that this powerful nnd original paper colored thu whole proceed 1 tig, lifting them out ol a groovo wliich had tacit in. tonded. Tho Society meets how nt ihQ Bankers' Imtituio Room, or 0110 ndjoitung, in tho upstaire proiniacs uf tho City of Multanrno Bank, corner of Collins nud Eliznbulh Rtroct. Evuryono admitted, on Friday ovoning, that after tho oxporience of tho Assembly Ilnli nnd Athcmcum, tlio Society had nt lane reached iig proper (uarters. Tho nicntlng was mnilciti hy 11 guniahty and compaotness, so to speuk, wliich tvo never observed before at Uiq Society, with 11 fow piftinlft ill n Itnrn-liko plnco. Dr Neild furnlahcHl a most interesting ex. hibit iu tha fihajHi of a cony of thn Folio SlmU. pcaru, prcent«-d to Walter Montgoinery by liis friends in Melbourne. Shaksjienrmns i)Tn aware that by tho Bincotype, or noino kin- dred process, a number otfac simile conit'i wora mado of thn' original volume of ShiiKHprare issued by Hotnming nnd Condell, hi? brother plnvers, 8 year after tlio puot' death. Well, ono of thoso books was presented to Montgomery, nnd hero ib was before tlio Stink»j>earo Society . for examinaUoii, Tho memlioM gnzed upon it n t n priscions relic, llow did it come into Dr Nefid's linml? ? Thu Doctor explained. After tiio prcaonLv tion Montgomery said to him " I um going rmnul tho world , I know not where, but I in- tend to como back to Melbourne. You are to keep this tilt I return, and give it into no lmuds but mine.'' There wa an unniiflfcakeabio falter in Dr Neihl's tone whon he reached this stage, lia reminded tho mulioncn of Montgomery's un happy dentil. JIo had enjoyed tho friendship of the departed actor, besides ndiniriiigiiis 10. marknblo talents, especially ns developed in Jlnmlet. From the deep interest evinced hy tho Hhaksprarians, nud thoir eynipntlmtic ap plause, it struck 11 at the moment thnt a litth information about Montgomery would lie wel comed by thousand of our reader. Thero 1 scarcely any literary material available, and we nro open to correction 011 any detail?. His namo was Tomlinson. and ho began Ufa ns an assistant nt tho drapery estabfirtlitnuub of Swan and Edgar, I/omlon. llo was not by any means a young man when hu lcodo a footing ou thn ntagu. IU? ng-j was ram to bo Hi v.-iivu liu arrived in Mel bourne, and hu was bald. In London his first conspicuous performanot wan ns Romeo, to tlm celebrated Juliet of Stella Cola?, tho French ncrtcss, whma broken Kugliali was strangely pathetic, lie ww afterward engaged by Fcchtor, as mana ger of tho Lyceum. 1' helps and Montgomery wt-ro both engaged, but Fechter kept them so long doing nothing, on liberal salaries. Hint thoy flung it up. fearful for their reputation, Monteomery came to Melbourne verynhortlj after Jn. Anderson, so that Anderson's firs oncagoment at tlio Haymarkot, was in progress when Montgomery np>enrcd at tho Royal m Hamlet, m which ho at oucu Biruck tho town betwixt wind and water. Anderson's heavy Rtylo of acting would not do at all against Montgomery's grace. Tho immense voguo of Montgomery's Hamlet iu Melbourne led to thu newspaper corres|Hindonco, nftorword ombodied in a pamphlet, entitled Was Hamlet Mad ? with a preface by Mr F. W. Haddoti, ami contribu tion? by Sir A Michie, Mr Janus Smith, Mr Blair, nnd other otni- limb men in literaturo or public life. Montgomery returned to London 1-m New Zealand, Honolulu, mid thu United States, tmcs(M9ful every whore. In London the Duke of Edinburgh took trim up. ami ho became n conspicuous star. Tiio world was shucked by hi? shooting himself, two days after his marrir.fro. Ho liad boon inveigled into marrying an actress named Winnetta Montague, without a knowledge ot hrr nntec«lent. His mail mnriingo was followed by the tragedy. Somo Yankee speculators thought to trade on tho affair afterwards by bringing Wimmtfa Moutagno to Melbourne on a ?tnr, but tho outcry raised in thn Pre warned thorn off, nnd nothiug more wa heard of lior. Slio married an actor named Ward, in tho States, aud was very cruelly treated, Wo bo- lu-ve bIiu 1 dead. Our Sliaks|>CAra Snciety s)iaco is marly gono. Mr Shaw, on Friday night, read a panor on Macbeth nnd Hamlet. Is was fearfully ro- duudaut, with somo noteworthy point. The President ought to have a hnud bell, and ting it when nn esnayist t-xeveds a quarter of an hour, or a speaker get over his fivo minutes. Mr Shaw ft main idea was Shakespeare' bringing nut the old olassio view of every man being jhjsspssed by 0 Genius at birth, tho saintr idea nftcrwardft developed by tho church, with it? guardian angel for every taitig. Thi kind of ireniuH must not ta confounded with tho won! geniii ns applied to natural |?»wer. Thus whon Shakspcaru writes in (mo j'lnco of tha geniu of a mail Btniggling with it instru ment, ho doe nut menu tho mind trtruggfiug with the body, but thu supernatural guuiu struggling with the human mind. Mr Shaw traced thifl vinw thrnngli Julius Cit'Rar, Antony ami Cleopatra, TiluolHith ami Hamlet, liu entered upon Ifnmlct'd madiie — that iuteriniuablo t-ipic. Hi memory uf Montgomery, in tlio sceno with Ophelia, wa vivid, llamlot saw thu King and Polomuu i& hiding, which gavo point to thu language— Hamlet : Wliero is your lather ? Ophelia : At homo, my Lord. Thereupon rilontgoincry exliibited the di»- gu?t of tliu Prince, ami I lie following hcoiio was explained Mr Shaw had watched Charles Warner's Hamlet was much pleasure, fmtcould not understand hi rendering of tlio scene with Ophelia. Mr Shaw added In trihutu to the excellence of tlio criticism by "Book Lover" iu ThkIIkoali), ou tno climax of thu whole British nctuig drama, that sccno between llamlot nnd the Queen. However, ho wished to point out thnt thu Ghoit was invisible to tho Queen, wliureoR Marcollu, Horatio, and tho rest had bcuu it. Thi appeared to point to the viow that, in tlio Chamber scone, tho Ghat wa an emanation of Hamlet' dutraught mind. Do not forget -this visitation I but to whet thy utmost blunted purpo3-- Although tho Slinkspenro Society is largely composed of thoso poi'Hons who never go to a theatre, they never can get on without referring to tlio oluoidation by actor. In London W1I3011 Barrett' Humlet has challenged Attention by its rcmarknblo juvenility. Irving' is pichiresquo and pictorial. In Paris Mounnt-Sufiw French llainli-t ho lately run 50 night. Edwin Booth pot long ago played Haml-'t m Berliu with immense sucoesft, although lin nlono npoku English, nnd all - tlio othor performers Uurman. Tho Bcono with thu (Jnwm wa especially wrought up. Tho jsrgun of German ami Eiiglih did not signify. Tlio crowded nudienco was lashed into a furore. Booth had to lead furwartl tlio Frau wlio played the Queen, whilo tho pit shouted Hochf hoch | ami tho galleries tailod with exci:o- immfc. Moltaiirno romemtare with affuction tho llamlot of Edwin Adams. Brooke's was Romuwlmt heavy. llurbage wa tho firat Hamlet, Shakspeare being the Ghost. Iniaginn thu exciteuient when, 111 full armor, he hurst .through the tapestry, when npoairophhed by Burbage, filuiking Ins frit , nt tho jKirtrnit of tho usurper on tliu walk— A king of shreds and patches i (Kntcr Ghost.) Ilovcr over mo with your wing, ye heavenly cuanls, What would your gracious flguro ? Do you not como your tardy son to chide, D ho. lapsed In timo ond passion, let's go by, Tho Important aellni- of your dread command ? Oh, say I Shnkspcaro himself a tho Gh'ut ! From Burbago tho mantlo of Hamlet doACQtided . through several to Battortun, Garrick, nnd Kemble, There is an uld saying, comparing Hamlets l'ono, too actor ; Holn1.1i), thogentlomaii ; Kemble, thoMihoUr: Henderson, tho Ifaiulet. Edmund Kcan was not nt homo in Hnmlot, but Ohas. Keau won inticli favor in it. Young and Macrendy were celebrated in tlio part. Light has been thrown on it by tho intelfi- gont presentations by Vnndeiilioff, Phelps Creswick, Sullivan, Andcion, nor do wo overlook Fnirclnugh and Howe. Threo Indies, nt lrast, havo played Ifainlot in Melbourne, Nria#i Clovolnud. lloso Evans, nnd Louiro Poineroy. Mis Cushnian acted Itumoo better than Ifamlut. Fcchter'a Hamlet was marvellous for a Frenchman grappling with tho English language, and beating nil hi English contemporaries on their own ground. Itossi, tno Italian tragedian, has acted Hamlut, Jjrar, nnd OtlHlo with success throughout America, though hu spuko 111 Italian, whilu all tho other purfoniu-rasiKiko English. The might/ master conquers overy whore, oven iu Berlin ami Paris. 