"I THOUGHT." [ BY KEV. C. H. SPUBGEON. I "I tlioaght."-2 KINOS, v., ll. THe moat of sinncrn conceive tho plan of B&lva; tion to bo what they wish, it to be. They thought ; but their wish is f athor to their thought. Naaman, with his chariota and his horses, wanted the obse- quious homage of tho prophet, and therefore ho thought, " Surely he will como out to me." Men love to bo flattered, they want a plan of salvation which will gratify their self- escceui, sud enable them to show what dignity there ia in human nature. They think that man should be treated like an omporor in diBguiee, and mercy should bo bestowed on him as if it were a regard for merit, j As they wish it to be, so thoj beliovo it is. In j fitead of coming to the Book to learn what ia in it, and accopting ito every teaching a3 truth, thoy ( bring their notiona to the Bible and try to mould 1 it to their views. In thia spirit mon believe tho road to heaven to bo what they wish it to bo, but it ia not BO. 'LEAN NOT UNTO THINE OWN UNDER- STANDING." I "But you assure mo that you have conceived tho way of salvation according to your understand- ing. Well, then, you have conceived it wrongly to a certainty, for what io your understanding compared with the understanding of God ? A littlo child hag asked a favor of his fathor, his father knows it to be difficult to grant it, but ho ha3, at great expense and skill, arranged it ; and, ; nov/, ia tho way in which it ia to bo accomplished to bo according to tho child's understanding P No, I say, it must bo according to tho fathor's understanding, for that is moro ablo to lead tho way ; and beside, the fathor is tho benefactor. In your caso, is your understanding to bo tho guide, or God's ? I ¡ will suppose you to bo a parson of considerable education, far above tho common level, but yet 11 would have you remember that " ns high as tho ! heavens aro abovo tho earth, so high aro God's j thoughts abovo your thoughts, and His ways abovo your ways." Wherefore, thon, should you wish ' to meanuro tho dealings or tho Moat High by so short a lino aa your own P Ilavo dono witli this folly ! DOING AS OUR PATHEES DID. " Woll/' say you, " but Ï have received my ideas from my parents." Well, ilion, v/lio -were your paront.3 H for- that tn a very great po'nfc in ouch a cane. Wno wovo they, and woro they' caved? tíupposo your puren tu wore lout, ia Hint a reason why you should be? Nobody boro who lins a blind fathor would connidov it his duty to put bis eyes out by way of honoring bin parents. If a man were bom of a crippled parout, and God blesBod him with all his Umba and faoultiea.ho would not consider himself obliged to limp, or tice & crutch, or twist hi» foot. We nave im old proverb itmfc if a max- T/ere bora in a otahle, bo need not uo a boroo; nor should a. man be of a falso religion because- of his family connections. If our parents woro mistaken, that it; no reason why we should be. Wa regret it for their sakes; but with the word of God in our bands we do not intend to follow them any farther than they were led by God. A certain heathen warrior was about to profess to bo a Christian. Standing with ono log in tho waters of baptism, ho turned to the mis-'ionary and inquired, "Where are my sires ? Where aro tho chiefs of ray line who worshipped Woden and Thor? Whore have they gone? Are they in heaven?" "No," mid tue missionary, "wo fear not." "Ah, then," said ho, "I will not leave tho houso of my fathers," and so he drew back his foot from tho font. A m cu cannot in- herit religion. It io not a thing tc be bequeathed like old clothes or family plate. Search the Scriptures for yourselves, go to God the Holy Ghost for enlightenment, and follow where that enlightenment loads, oven to Jeans tho Saviour. Never dream of keeping to afalsereligion because it is that of your family or your nation ; for by that rule we ought at this moment to be worship- ping with the Druids in tho oak groves. If we aro bound to folio?/ tho religion of our fore- fathers, missionaries are great criminals, and there must be dozens of true religions instead of only one. On this principle Naaman ought never to have gone to wash in Jordan, he ought to have stuck to Abana and to Ph arpar, as his fathers had done before him, and havo remained a leper ali : his day a. I READING AND OBSERVATION. [ "Well, ' say you, "I cannot submit to bo saved by .simplotrust in Jesus,for I have boen reading tho biography of a good man, and i want to feel just as he felt ; moreover, I noticed how my cousin was troubled m mind, and I observed that sho had a> very remarkable dream ; and, beside, she obtained very extraordinary joys, and unless I havo somo of those I shall never believe/' But, my dear friend, do you think that God is tied down to give to each penitent tho same lino of experience? Ia a master artist bound to paint always tho Bamo picture ? May thoro bo no variations in form and tint ? In man's work thoro is always a dogreo of monotony. Even tho most versatile genius haB its own peculiar lino of things. But God is never monotonous. There Í3 a wonderful variety in all that he docs, and this is very con- spicuous in conversions, for these aro master- pieces of His Spirit. Do not, therefore, sottlo how you ought to be brought to Christ, as if that wore a stereotyped affair, for tho Lord does as he wills. "I AM A MAN OF THE ?WOHLD." " Yes," says ono, " but I judge by the general current of society, and the opinions that I meet in everyday life. I am a man of tho world, and I form my opinion from mon of the world." Then, for certain, you form a wrong opinion, for the mind of the world never was the mind of God, and never will bo. " Yo aro of God, little child- ren," Bai th John, "and tho wholo world lieth in the wicked one/' To form opinion or what light ia by sojourning in darkness is ridiculous. To fashion a notion of liberty from the prison house, orto describe life by observations made in i a charnel-house, wonld be absurd. Your every method of preconceived thought ¡ upon salvation ÍB wrong, therefore cease from such thoughts, I pray you. I have another question. How would it be, supposing your thoughts v«rere the fact ? Let us examine the matter. SAVED BT A CEREMONY. You havo thought, perhaps, that you ought to be Eaved hy a ceremony. You havo bolieved that tho sprinkling of water onyonr face, or tho eating of a wafer and tho drinking of a Jittlo wine, would procuro tho forgiveness of your sins. Suppose it wera EQ ; it would bo a calamity. For it would give pardon without penitence, forgive- ness wituout a cuango of heart. External opera- tions do not affect tho moral nature. That is a fact which wo can prove by innumei'ablo instances, and there is not ono instance of an ? opposite character If they will bring a man I who ia ready improved by priestly operations, whether aqueonn, alimentary, unctuous, or saline, wo will liston to them, but no such fact io forth ! coming. It would bo a very unfortimate thing for you, my doar friendo, if by oxternal opera- tion guilt could bo removed, because it is clear that your evil heart would remain, and, therefore, yon would still havo no communion with God, and no fitness for heaven. You must bo born again, yon must boliovc ire Jesus ; theso aro tho necessities of your nature if you aro to bo happy. Heaven would not bo heaven to you if you were baptised, confirmed, and toole all the sacramonts, for thoy would not chango your naturo, and that chango is a primo necessity which cannot be dis- pensed with. True faith in Josue works by love and purities tho soul ; that ia tho Lord's way, accept it, aud fcrsalco your own thoughts. S A. VED BY GOOD WORKS. You wiall, parhapa, to bo saved by good works ; self-righteousness ia your thought. Alas, if this I wore tho way it would bo an impossible way' for ' yon, for you cannot perform good works. It' you can, why havo you sinned at all ? What would bo your motive if you did attempt good works P I Why, to savo yourself, w ould it notP With I selfishness as their motive, your works would bo j defiled at tho fountain- head. Besides, all that ' you can do is already duo to öod, und, therefore, I it cannot make up for tho pant. You must be saved by tho grace of God first, ¡md then good works will como from you, but no vor will you havo any to spare ; when yo xi havo dono all, yon will still bo an unprolitablo Borvnnt and debtor to sovereign gmce. PACDÛN WITHOUT JUSTICIO. J'ovliftp.i .you think thtvfc God might an well ty iihm you at ono« and havo dono with it; that ia your plan. Suppose Ho did BO. Suppose that Ho at; once blotted your fda f rem Hin hook, and thoro wn:i mid of it ; v,-hat pemec would that give you? What Boourity for tho futuro? A Cod who could pardon without justico might ono of ! thoHO days condemn without reason. Ho who could eet aside His law 00 as not to execute Hia threatening might one day set aside His Gospel so "S not to fulfil His promise. It ia 11 grand ground of peace for un that God ia never unjust in order to he gracious ; Ho saves sinners, but nut till W has laid their sin upon Christ. OBJECTIONS. How I como to tko point. I hr.vo looked afc what you would like salvation to ho. I will ask you this question-To what do you object in. it? Do you object to being saved simply by faith, because it appears to you to bo too mysterious? Mysterious" It ia the essence of simplicity. Ton make it mysterious by refusing1 to understand it, and not believing it to be so plain. " Believe in tho Lord Jesiis Christ and thou shalt bo saved." To believe is to trust, and whosoever trusts in the atoning blood is saved. Whero is the mystery ? Then mon turn round and say, " Then it seems" like nothing at all." But Jesus says, "Thia is tho work of God, that yo behove on Him whom IIo hath sent. It is tho work which. God works, tho grandest of all works to bolievo in Jeans* Christ. Count you it nothing, when God has elected it to bo the grand means of renewing the heart by tho Holy Ghost ? Faith is the Bpring which moves all our naturo; he who believes ' learns to love, and, learning to love, he is changed from oin to holiness. "Oh," says another, "it throws tho whole thing so open, if whosoever believes in Jesus is saved." And do you want it closed ? Do you crave, monopoly for yourself and your little coterie 2 Oh, sir, God thinks not as you clo, and when youc heart is enlarged you will yourself be ashamed of havinrr made such a remark. "Well, but I do not like salvation by grace alone, for it implies so much against me. I feel as Naaman did when tho prophet said, 'Wash and be clean,' What do I want washing for? Am I dirty ? Do you insinuate that this leprosy of mino comes because I have not bathed often enough? I am insulted by you." Men regard the gospel as insulting their dig- nity, and therefore they turn away from it. They talk in this fashion: "What, believe and live ! Is that ali ? That way of salvation would suit a harlot or a drunkard, and I am just, upright, honorable. Simply look to Christ as the dying thief did on tho tree ? Such a religion suits a thief, but it does not suit me." So you would like to havo oneway to heaven for yourself and people of quality, and a back gato to let in tho guilty. There is no such arrangement, sir, and X trust you will not be so foolish as to b? loßt because your pride cannot bo gratified. GOD'S PLAN WILL NOT ALTER. In conclusion. Toa thought that tho gospei ought to be so-and-so, and now you are annoyed because you are told that tho whole plan lies in behoving. Let mo a3k you then-Do you mean ^ to lose Heaven for the sake or your proud fancies?; For, oh, sir, I assure you in God's namo his plan ; will not alter for you. If tho Lord should alter, His gospel for you, then He must alter it for, another, and another, and it would be as shifting' aa a quicksnnd. Thero it is ; take it or leave it,í but alter it you cannot. " He that believoth anet ia baptised shall bo saved " is always true, and'; tho other sido of the question is true too,-" He: that belioveth not shall bo damned." DELAYS ARE DANGEROUS. Remember, also, that however much you may,' dislike it to-day, it will be quito as unpleasant to-;' morrow. If there is at present some sharp,, stripping, and humbling work about it, it always; will strip and always will humble you if ever you' receive it. To be saved by grace alone will be así hard to your pride in ten years' time as it ia' now-perhaps harder, because your heart will! have grown harder, and your stomach oven more' haughty against the Lord God of Hosts. Surely,! sir, if you are lost because you will not have' salvation in God's way, you will get small com- fort from your meditations when you lie in tho,' eternal prison-house. If others ask you how you carno thoro, it will be a strange answer that you will have to givo thom. " I," says one, " I am hero because I loved drink ; " another says, " I am hero, for I was lustful and debauched." "Ah,", sa,y you, "I was neither the ono nor the other, I was kept from such sins, but I am lost, Bimply: because when I heard the plan of salvation I haa made up my mind what it ought to be, and I stuck to my prejudices. I would not go to tbo Biblo to search j I thought I knew as well aa the Book, and as well as tho Holy Spirit, and I am lost." My dear hearers, I do not ask you to behove anything I cay, because I say it ; fling it to the winds if it baa no better authority than mino ; if it bo God's word, I charge you, on your soul'a peril, do not reject it. We shall face each other at the last tremendous day, and if I havo told you honestly tho plan of salvation I am clear of your blood; but if, having heard it, you reject it because it does not suit your preconceived ideas, then, sirs, ) our doom will lio at your own door. Provoke it not ; yield to tho Master's bidding 1 May Hin Holy Spirit sweetly inclino you, and He chati have praiso. Thcroitis; Jesus died instead of sinners, He suffered God'a wrath in the stead of tho guilty,and " Whosoever belioveth inHimhath everlasting lifo." Other foundation can no man lay ; other name thoro io not under Heaven among men whereby yo can be saved. 