A FIGHT WITH TRHEE ELEPHANTS. By H. Rineu Haggadd. . (FBOH UAIWA'B REVENGE ) About lour o'alock Gobo woke ineap, and told me that the head rn'sn of one of Wumbu'e krails had arrived to eee mo- I ordered him to be brought np, and presently he came, a little wizrued, talkative old man, witli a -ai it-oloth round his middle, and a greasy, frayed kuross made of iho skins of rack rabbits over bis shoulders- I told bim eu ait down, and then abueeJ him roundly " Wna. did be mean," I asked " by disturbing rao in this rude way. Mow die be dine to oause a person uf my quality und oviden'. impurtmco to be awakened in order to interview hie entirely contemptible sell 2" I Hpoke this beauusu I knew tuutit would product! an impression on him, Nubody except a really great mar., lie would at gill', would dnro to npeuk tu h„u ia that mshion. Most suvagee nre Uuiiperite bulln.n nt nesr>, anil innk ou las Amine ne i sign uf power. Tbe old man instantly collapsed. He was utterly overcome, he eaid ; hia heart was plit in two, and well reali-ed the extent nl his miebohavinnr . But the occasion was very argent. He heard that a migh'-y hunter wui lo tho neighbourhood, n beautiful white man, how beautiful he could not bave imagined bad he not seen (ciuh to rue I) and ho oume to b g bra assistance. Tbe truth was th-ic'tbreo ball elephants aucb as no ram aver saw had foryears been thu terror of ibeir kraal which was bat a small place — a catilo kraal of tbo gr-at cnief Wambe'a where tbey lived io keep the cattle. And now of late there elopbaoie bed dona them mnob dimeyo : but last uight th"y had ds-troyed n whuln patch of mentis land, end ho feared (bat it they oame b-jck they would all starve next sens -u tor want uf food. Would the mighty wnite man then be ptea-nd to come aid kll' the slepluiots 2 It woui-i in eaiy for hi tn ao —oh, moet easy ! It was only necessary that ba should hide himself in n true, fur there vren a lull moon, mid then when he elephants ap peared he would rpsak rothem with tbega-i, und tboy wonld f »' I down dead, end there would be en end ot their troubling, OHoonrie I hummed and hawed, nnd madH a great favour nl ornseoiiug tu this proposal, though really I was delighted to have -unit a o'inncs. One of the cmdittone that I made wsr that n roesespger Bbould nt nnce bn despatched to Ware be, whose krinl was two dus' journey from whets I was, telling bim that I proi- nrod to uaiue and pay ny respeote to him in it few days, and to bBk his format parmlssien in ehoat lo bis c uintry. Abo I intimated that 1 was prepared to pro- Brit him with " hongu," thiyt in, bl»ckmail, snd that I Imped to do a little trade with aim in ivory, of wbioh 1 heard he had a groat quantity. This mosBage .the old gonflaman promisod tn despatch at once, though there was. some thing about his mnnner which shoved me that i he was donb fa' ns to hn« it would bo re- I ovivetl. Altar that we e truck our camp and moved on to the kred, wlueh we reaobvd about uu hour belore sunset Thin krail »< a collection nf hnt« lu'r-'undnd by a n'inht thom-fni'O, pnrh-pB there were ten of then in oil. It was vitiiitnd in a kloof of the mountain with a rivulent llowiug down if. The klo if was durasly wooded, but for soim distance abnva the krail it was fren from hush, and hero oil the rich deep ground broaght tlawnly the rivnlot were the onltl« vatvd landn, in nxient somewhere about twenty or twenty-five norsB. On the krail side o» thvse lands etood n single bnfj that served for tnnilie eto'es whin'' lit the moment waB used os A dwelllng-plecn by ou old woman, tbe UtBt wilu of our frioud tbe bead mio. I" appears that this old ledy, having had some differoooa of opinion with b<w husband about the extent of anlboriiy Allnweftoa younger »nd more amiable wife, hod refused to dwell in the k'0l any more, and by tray of marking hf>r dl4p'oa»on\ had liar abona among tne meihis. As tho isene will ehow, ehe vfnv, It hipp-ined, cutting off her nose to pits her fee "- . . , . C ose hv tlii? hnt grew a baobab 'roe A elancs at the iiienliigrnoucs snowed rr.e Uint tin old h-nd ran" hid nnt exaggerated the mischief done by »h« elephants re hi- crops, which were now getting rips.' Nearly ""<W" I I im-ag, half of, tho oiifrs patch was des -toyed.. .Thee great brutes had eaten all they oould, and So rest tbey hod- trampled down, I went np to ". their epour nnd started back in amazsnroat- — never had I seen eUoh poor before, lists simply en umous more especially that of 'prie old bull, that had, no eaid the natives, but a ' ei-.gie tuak. One aright have used any of the four-printe for a nip-bath. Havieg. token etoik of thn position, my next step was to make arrangements (or tho frvy. Tbe three bui-8, ucoording tu thsnativea, had boeu epuured into the dense pitch of (rash above the kloof. Now it seemed to me very probable tbat tbey would return to-night to feed on tbe remuin-'er of tbe ripening mialiea. It ao, there was a bright moon, and it struck me chit by the ox-rciaujof a little ingenuity 1 uiightbrgoaear more uf tbem witbout expot- ing myself to any risk, wbioh, having tbe- hlgh- otreepectforthoaggronaive powers of bull olepbauia, was a graat consideration to me. This then was my plan. To tbe right ol tho hula as you lo-ik up che kloof, and com manding the moalie lands stands tbe baobab 'ree Chut I have mentioned. Into that baobab \- reo I made np my mind to go. Then if the- . elephant- appeared I Bbould got a shot at them. I sonouueed ny intentions to the hold muu of che kraul, wbo was delighted. " Now." bo eaid, "bra people might sleep In ynaoe. for while the mighty white hunter sat- iilo't, like a epiiit watching over the welfare of hi' krail what was there to fesr 2" I told |bim that he was an uugratsfril brat® o thiok of .sleeping in piece while I, perohett Ike a wounded vulture an a tree, watched for his welfare in wakeful Borrow; and one®-, more be collapsed, and owned that my word® wire sharp but just." However, as I bavo. said, oonfidonce vis complet'ly restored ; nnd that evening every body iu the kr-al, including che superannuated victim of jialouey in the little hnt whore tho -no-lie c-ibe wire stored, wont to bed with a Bouse of swi-ot veourity from elophunls and all other onimalB that prowl by night. F-.r my part, I pitched my ootnp below the kru-il ; and then, having procured a b»ana of wood from tho head, mini — rathor a rotten one, by the way — I sa t It aaross two bough that ran ont laterally fro-n tho baobab tree, qt n height ul abont twenty-five feet from the- ground, in each fashion that l and another nan cou'd sit npon it with oar legs bang ing down, aod rest our bncke against the bof® of the tro. This dene 1 went back to the camp nnd had my anppor. About nine o'clock hA'f-un-hour b-fore the ravon-riee, I enm- inonid Gobo, who, thinking that tie had had ubout enough of the delights of big game hunting for that day, did not altogether relish the job : and,dvepito his remonstrance, vivo hira my eight-boroto carry, I having tho fi70-expre3s. Thin we ael oat for tho tree It «b very dark, bat we fomid it without difficulty, though climbing it wee a more com- pticrccd matter. However, nt last we got up nnd eat duwn, liko two li Ho boys on a farm that is too high for thorn, and waited, . I did not daroto oraohe, hocauee I remembered tho rhinoceros, and feared tbst tbe elephants might wind tho tobsooo if they should come- my way, and this made sho business mac® wearini.me, so I fell to thinking and wondering at tho vustnesa uf tbo silence. At last the moon cams np, and witb it W moaning wind, at tho breath of wbioh the- silnncu began to wbsipnr mysteriously. Lonely xnough in tbe newborn light looked the wide oxpunse of monntain, plain, ond forest, morn like soma twilight vision of a dream, Borne faint rtlloocion trom a fair world of peaco beyond our ken, than tbo mote faoe of garish . o»nb made silvery- soft with sleep. Indeed, had it not bean for thn foot tbat I was beginning to find tho log on whioh I eat vrv hard, I shonld havo grown qnite sentimental over the beautiful sight ; but I will- defy any body to bocome sentimental whan eiated in tbo- dimp, on a very rough beam of wood, half way up a tree. Sol merely made a mental note that It wna a particularly lovely night, and tnrnod my attention to tbe prospect oc elephants. Bat no elephants oame, aqd ' after , waiting for another hour or so, X - think that what between weariness and . disgnat, must have dropped into agent!® A'-rfl. .. PrsBontly I awoke with a 'tart. Gouo„ -ho was perched aloso to me. bat as ' t off -sy,the beam would allow — for neltbeg vhito man nor black like thn aroma wh'ch ; eaeh vows is the peoulisr and disagreeable properly of the other — woe faintly, very faintly, clioking bis forefinger against bin thumb I knew by this eignal, a very favourite one among native hunters and ' ' Kun-benrerB, that ha rouBt have Been qt heard something. I looked at his (see, and raw that he was Blaring excitedly towards tbo- ' Aim edge of tha bush beyond tbe deep green ' lion of mclies. I stared too, and listened. Presently I heard -a snlt, large Bonud, a»' ' though a giant wero gently stretching out h'S hands and preesiog back tbe ears' ol standing corn. Then oame a pause, and tben, out into the open mnj-etically stalked lb®' largest elephant 1 ever saw or ever ehali sse. ' Ha.vony, what a moualor bo wos I atmriosr the monlight gleamed upon his one splendid tusk— for - he other was missing — so be stood! nmong the mealies gently moving bis enor- " raone nui to aod fro, and testing tbe wind ' with his trunk. While I wbs still mar- ' veiling at his girth, and speculating upon ths weight of that huge tu-k, wbioh- 1 swore should be my tusk before very long,' oat stepped a eecnnd bull aud stood braid® hira, He was not quite so tall, but he Benned ' to mo to bo almost thicltoi-w than the first,' uud evaa in that light I could ese tint both hia tusks were perfect. Another ' unnso -and the third emerged. He wa» hortor than either cf theothors, but higtn-r in the shoulder than No, 2 ; and whin / nil yo.u that, as I a' lor wards laarht from solnil mnaBurument, the smallist of tlioso thrio mighty balls measured 12"-- 11 in. at the- -h-iul- dnr, it will give yoa some idea of their size. Thothica formed into line and stood still for a minuto, tho one-ranked bull gently carolling thn elephant on the loft with his > trunk. Then they beg->n to food, walking forward ' ned slightly to the right as they gathered great hunches of the sweet moilies and thru«fi ' them into their mouths. All this time thty wero more than a hundred and twenty ' varus away from mi (this I knew because! bad picid th» distances from the tree to <h® - vurions points)' muoh ton far to allow of my attempting a "hot at them , in that uncertain light Tbey frd in a sotnioirole .gradually I drawing r -nnd towards the hnt ninr ray tree, , in which the corn was stored and the old woman slopt, ' This went on for between an honr ana an honr nnd a half, till what be- twin excitement and hope, that makeits : the heart sick, I got so weary that I was aetaaliy o-mtimploMng a de-renb from thn tree, and n moonlight stalk. Such nn oot in gronnd so open would have hem that nf a stark, staring lunnric, nnd thir, 1 sh'-uld evnn have hisn contimplating it will shnw yoa thn condition nf my mind. Bat', nvirything comes 'O bim who know how t® wait, and saoaetimnn, tin, -o him wh® doesn't, eo at last thosn eloplunts, or rather nno uf ihera, oamo to me. Aftnr they had fed tholr (III, which was A . vory large one, tho nohla throe stood one® more iu linn some seventy yards to tho left N of tbe hut, and on the edge ol the col- ' tivated lands, or In all about elghty-fiv® i yards from where I was psrehod. > Then at- - n«t the onn with thn single task made n .. peculiar rat-ling noise in his trnnk jnrt a® 'hough ha «Voto blowing his nosn, snd without mo« nda liegm to w»lk deliberately to-'ards tho hut where thn old woman step. I got my rilln randy a"d planned np nt lb® moon, only tn diraover that a nnw omnp'ica— tloo wns looming in tha lmm-dlnte fntare. I have said that a wind rn e with tho moon,.- Well, thn wind brought rsln-n'ouds along its. tr-irk. Ssvoral light oneo had Already for & . little while lenemcd thn light, "though withnni " obscuring it, and now two more were coming ripiniy np, both of them vvry blink and dense. Tho first clond wis pmell and long, , and the nee bnhlnd big end broad. I TOipembnr noticing that the pair nf ihom bor® - a rami', cimietl rcBsmhianca to a dray drawn . by a very long raw-boned linren. As lack would havo it, jnst as tbu elephant got wh hljt , bwenty-fiv-' y»-rd« or so of me, tho hesd of th® horse-elnnd flostod ovor'hn lace of the moon, rendor'ng it impn»»ihle for ronto il-n. In th® faint t'vll ght which remained, however, I conld jnst make out thn grey mass of tbo great brain still Advancing towards thn hut. Th-n tho Ught went nK- giiher and I hsd to trust to my nsrs. I heard him fumbling with , his track, apparently si the roof of thohul; n-xtcimn a nonod ns nl straw being rtrn<m ont. nnd then for a littlo wb.le there wa» oimplotn ni'oncn. ' Thn olnod began fo pi« : I cnoH era the ontllno of thn elephant ; ho was standing with his head right over ths tip of ibs hnt. B i« I , cou d net sen his trnnk, nnd no wonder, for it was inside thn hnt. He h-il thrust it righe through the roof, an-, attracted no d.iubt by tho smell of the mnil-s. wis groping abont wi'h it insi'1'. It wss growing fight now, «n<i I got my rifle ready, when Buddooly ther- ws®. i mist swfnl yell, nnd I ea thn trunk ..." rnnpnear, and In its mighty fold the olej' womnn who had been sleeping In the but. Out eho oamo throngh the h- In liko n peil- ' winkle on thn pnlut ef a pin, still wrapped np> '. la bar hlnnket, nnd h-r skinny legs nnd arms' tre!oh-d to ihe fnur pain's of tbo compare, and «» shedl-1 »», cava that most alarming-, soreecb. .1 really doa't know who wra thtt ' ant frigbtcntd, tb». or I, or the elephant. Ae'uyata tba lutwMOtmiiderably startled ca had been fibbing for mealiaa— )ba old woBti as s a mare accident, and one that Sreatlv flis composed hie netvee. He gave a ort Of trnmpat, and threw her away from htm right in the crown of a low mimosa tree, where ahe 'tack ehriekiog like a metropolitan englnct The old ball lifted hie tot', and rapping bis great eara prepared 'or ""got. l ant 03 myi-ht-b ra, sod aim-tig hastily »' the point of bia ahoalder (for r.o w.11 hroul- «ide on), I fired. The repot t rung uns -ie thunder, making a thousand ccoow in the quiet hiPt. I saw bim go do '"wp W (bough ho wera itono dead. Tooo, . whether it wae the kick of IPs h»i«v "11-, or tbo excited bnmp ol that idiot Gobo, Of both together, or merely an onhpi»v twi»oM»iic«>, I do f)ot koow, but th rotton boetn broke, And X went down too, l&adias; tUt at tho foot Af thn tres anon tv C it <iuu)».«j y.niou ol tbobamen tt&mr;, Tim .rnj.iU » » »vrrr that I bit a tbourh »ll 1117 r«ro r ii>ira though the roof of my ok-mIi, hu'r- I tat "t:gh If tl urntd '»r «, < lookilf fome I /ell light, and wae not iu any my injured Me«nwmle the elophtmt hizw to Ncr»am with fear and for/, uud, 117 hi» crip, the other two ome chiradoj up, 1 fel; m 07 rlUe ; it wo not th« ro, T<;ta ( remem bered that I H«td rwte d <t on a fork i f t!>e tough in ord'r to fire, end doubtless thoro it remained. My position now wan very no. -pleaumt. I did not date to try and oiirub the which, sbfekt-n n-:I was, fculdhavo been a teak f some dillicnlt, buc&U;'e theeie- |rtjnt8 would certainly aeo i.to, and Gobo, who had clung to a bemgb, wa- ytiJl alof with the other nlle. I could not ran broaase there woe no shelter near. ITnde tbrao circiru- etanoee I did the only thing feasible, clambered roand tho irnnle an eoftly as poiaible, and keeping one eye on the olo- jihaats, wbieptred to Gobo to toing dowa ibe rifle, and awaited the development of the Mtoitino. Iknethfit if thdr!cp!>»oc dio iOt me— wbicb, luckily, they weio too enraged to dt— tbey -wouW «ot mq»i1 me, for I WMti0w?nde Gobo, however, ei' her dW tio. | -or % (preferring tba eafety cf the tree) would not faeftrme. He eaid the former, but 1 bitjievo : 1 (be. latter, for I know that ho was not dOOUgb ol the Bporteman to really enjoy rtxootiDg elephants by rnoonl'gbt iu the So tbeo I was behind my rreo, dif/nK>cd, Maimed, but highly intore&ted;, for 1 was witnessing a reranrkabtn performance. When the other balls arrived the wound d elephant on the ground erased to Bcr«oiu, but began to make a low moaning noise, and gonUy touch (he wound near his shoulder, from which the blood was literally spouting. The other to sretned to nndemtnd ; at aoy rote, thry did this : Kneeling down on either side, they got their trunks and tusks under- n«;aih him, and. sided by his own efforts, with oue groat lift got him on hie feet. Then leaning against him on either side to support him, rhoy marched off at a walk in tho direction of tno village. It was a pltifal right, and even then it made tne feol a brute, Presroriy, from atwnlk, as tho wounded elephant gathered himself together a little, they broke into e trof, and after that I could follow them no longer with my eyer, for the second black cloud oacqo tip over the moon end pat. Iter nut, as an oxtinruisoer put outs a dip. I say with my eyes, hut my eirsetid gave mua very fair notion of what true going on. When the cloud came up the three terrified unimtl wern heading directly for tho kraal, probably -because the way was open Mod the path 637. I fancy that theygot confuted in thedftrkneje, for when tbey came to tho kraal fence they did. not turn aside, bat crashed straight 1 brought it. Then there were M times," as th« IrMU Sflrvaoi.gjri nay t.i the ft)90k Hiving taken r'.e ihnv th'mghi -tba'p( th-.y might as well take the but also, ao Jheg ju?t ran right ov.f rhem. Ooe hive meaped hot was turned s'ralght over on to its top,: snd whrnl arrived on ibe »oene the -fift-ple fho. had been sleeping ttiero were TiombUng obunt inside Hko bnes distnrbed a fc" mo', Wflr® crashed fltt and -w third had all its side torn out Oddly enough, r»oe»er, eobody was hurt, thongb -al psnpfe had a narrow escape of being trodden to death On arrival , I fonnd the old headman in a rtate paiofnlly like thae favou ed by Grek dancing about in front of his roioed ob'id"s as vigor only as though he had iu«t b?jo stong by a scorpion. Iasked him what ailed him, and be burst cut into a flood of abase, He ealled me vYfeardf&Sbam;, a Fraud, a Bringer of Bad Luck I X had promised to kill the elephants, And I bad ro arranged things that the ele- phante bnd nearly killed bim, etc. still smarting, -r rarhor aching, as I was from that most trrifio hump, was too much for my feelings, so I jnt made a rn%h at; my friend, and getting him by the ear, I hanged bis he«d against the doorway of his own hot, whtoh was nil rbsre was left of it. Yoq wioked old ronnndrel," I said, you dare 10 complain about your own "trifling incoovenienoes, when yon gave me a stJen beam to sit on, and tberebr delivered w to the fnry of the elephant" (bump I hwjip! bump!) M when rour wifo" (bump I) has just been dragged out of her but" . fbumpl) "Hkft a (mail from its sbell, and tb'O.wn by ?he Earth. abakor into a tree" <b(pnp I hump I ), " nav father, meray I " gasped the old .fellow " Truly I huye dooe amiss— m; heart tells mo so " ' I eh-mld hope it did, you old villain" r(ouaiu I). ! Mercy, groat white man ! I thought i f®< wa< ® nod. But what eaya the an- equalled ch ef— -in thn o'd woman, my wife, indeed de d 7 Ah, if ehe is dead all may yet pro?" to htve been for the very best ;%nd be c.esped his hands and locked up piouely to hoavrin, tn which the mnun was once more Shining brlghtlF, t I"® go his ear and burst nut laughing, the wb >le scene and his devout HnpirAtiunu \- for the decBAse «»f the partner of fnsj-iys, or "tftjhjr ws, w/ re eo Intpunelv ridiculous, No, you old Iniquity," I answered; MI |e»t he- in the top of a thorn-three, rereading ' 1 thonsand bluej iys. The elepboat nut <her there." Alas I alas J" be said, " rarely the back of theme 1 shipcd to the burden. D ubtless, iDy father, she will come down when she ie tired aud wlrhout troubling himself farther ebonMbe mntter, be began to blow at the Temool-'erlog embers of tho fire, And, as ama-terof fact, she did appears few minutes later, conrherably ecratohed and Ptaxtled, but ooue the worse. After th-t I made my way to my llt'le OAmPt Whioh. fortunately, the elephaota had over, and wrapping myielf op in A blank el, wae soon fas t otdfep, Aod an ended my first round with those tor' uophaoU JOa tho tuorrow I woke op foil of p.lnfnl Yeco leotionv, and not without a certain (wing of gratitnde to the Pow-ra above that X was there to wake np. Yeiterday ti&d; been a tempestnoos day ; indeed, what between buffvlo, rhinoceros, and elephant, it lud been very (empeRtnonp. Having realiee'1 4q1s wot, I next betbougbt me of thoe magnificent tasks, and instantly, early ao it was,: broke f be tenth commandmeot. I corefed my neighbour'a tnnks, if on elephant conld be eaid to be ?uy neighbour de jure, as certainly, so recently as the previous nigh, be n«d been de faofo— a much closer neigh- bonrthan I ored fnr. ir.deed. N .w when yqn covefc roar neighbour's goods, the bu« thing, I; not the mo«t moel Ihing, to do Is io CUter fllS flOli&A; Ad A dfvnna man arm. I .-J ...i»a them. I wan not a strong m> n, bar havlog recovered my e'ehr bore I tvjn armed, BUy bo wa, rho Orhef alrnrg mao — the "epbftut with the taak'. Coueeqneolly I prepared for a straggle to the death. Iu other word, I gammoned my faithful retainers, (ind"tald them that I w»iso» going to follow tbpse ciepliaois over the edge of ttae world, if D'caary. Tbey showed a oert.in bash- fuloeis about the kuettieta, bat they did aot ffaln.By me, beonuse they dared not. Ever slue I had prepared with all dae eolemnliy to execa'e tbe reballioue G -bo tbey bad conceived a great respect for me. . So I went up to bid adieo to the old headman, whom I frond alternately coo- temptatlog (he rniaa of bia kraal, and. with the able asrlstanoe of hie lost wife, thrashing tie jralona lady who had elrpt in tba mealie hut, beoanse she was, as he declared, (he ondtof all bia Borrows. Leaving rbem to work a way tbroagh their domeetia difierencae, I levied a supply of vegetable food from tbe kraal in considera tion of .ervioes rendered, aud left thom with sny bleaaing, I do not know how tbey adttled mattors, beoause I have not seen tbeui 31009, Then I started on tbe spoor ol tbe three ball. For a coupl- of miles or bo below tbe kraal— as far, iudeed, as the belt of ewamp that' borders the river — (he ground is »r. tins »p >t rotber et-nv, and clothed with oattered bather. Rata had fallen towards tM day break, and thi. i.cr, logetbnr with the hstoro of the soil, made eponrlng a very dlffieolt basinets. Tbo wounded ball had 1n«ed blsd freely, bat the rain had washed ahajdood oil the leaves aod grate, and th. Rrdund being eo roogh and hard had net taken tbe footmarkB eo clearly as waa con- wanfaqtt However, we got along, though edowly. partly by (he spoor, and partly by J «Mefoily lifting leaves and blades ol giaes, 1 land finding blood underneath thou, fer thel i blood goahing from a weaoded anim.l ofter f.lli upon tbair inner surfaces, oudtheo.o! ! c.U'te, ualata tbe rato n vttr nriw, i»h not warhadaway. It took a. nmmi»e ovnr sa bear and a bait to rsacb the' edge ot th? marsh, bat oncetbere oar taek became much rosier, tor tba toft sod sno»ed plootrtal evi deocea of tba great brnte". pa«aea. Thread, ing our way tbroagh the swampy laod. wo ci'oo at Ian lo a ford <>'. the river, and her: we could seo ware the poor wuu'ioed nnnn.' ha i laid down in the mud and water in th > nuponf ea.iae birotclf nf bis pain, -no n urd -en -bo bow nit two f.ubfa! carapooioos bad -8t.n-.d biin lo rito egtio. Wo oro:H-U tbs lord and took op tbe s-ioor on the farther tide, aud followed i; jnr.j me ui.-.rni-iih: l-r.o beyond. No rain n-d fallen un tbie side ol tbo river, sod the blood- urvr!ts were cwuee- nnontly mnch more Iro iuenr, All ibat day we followed tho three hnll.n now aerora open -pUior, and now tbroagh" pa;cbee ot built. Tir-y .eeaira to have; irovtll'd on almont without stoupinv, aod I no-iced that a: tLcy went tho wounded bull gotapbi. strength n little. Thin tciuld ere. from bis spoor, which had htcurnrr lirmor, and also from tbe t.ci ihtc th« ntber two rt.c gi en up sapporting r-inr. At Urt uv.irine closo'i -n, and mtvi-u iravlitd «i"r.» "'gbteKii mil-» wecompid, tboronghly tir-d oni. Before datvn on rhe I'dlowirig uov »e were op, nnd tba firs: break of light found as once niore on rbo epour. About tuli ps", t 5 o'clock we re.ehad mo place where the elaphaata bad Hfed tin 1 slept. Tho two an woanded balls had nkon their fill, oa the condition of tbe neighbouring buthes showed, but tbo wounded one had eaten nothing, fie bad spent tbe night leaning against a good- sizdd tree, which his weight h.id puihod out' 61 the iierpeadicul.r. Tn>-7 had not long 1,-f- this pUce, and could ont bo very far ahead, O'pecinlly as the wounded bull was now agaio «o .tiff after his night', rest that for tho first few miles tbe other two find been obliged to support him. Bot olr.pbants g > very quick, nvco when they seatn to ba truvel'iog slowly, for shrub and cieepeis that almost atop a man's progress are no hindrance to them. Tho linen had now turned to tbu left, and weio travelling back ngniti iu » nnmicircular lino toward the mountains, probably with tbe idea of working ronn t m their old feeding grounds on the further eido t f tho riror, Th-'te" was nothing f"r it hut to follow thole lead, aod accordingly we followed with industry. Through nil that long hot day did wo trump, passive i|u.:ititi«. of every sort of game, and oven ciinnog across the spoor o' other elephant.. But, in epiie of my mini's entreaties, I would not turn aside after tlirS", I would have those mighty tasks or none. Bv evening wo wora quite closo to oar game, probably within a quarter of a mtlo, 0 it me butb was dense, uud wo oould see no hiog of them, ao ooce moto we had to oamp, thoroughly disgusted with our luck. Tii.v (light, jnst afror the moon got up, while 1 »« silting smoking my pipe, with my back ngaiust a tree, I heard uu elephant trumpet, o< though comstbiug bad aiartlsd it, not throe hundred yards away. I was very tired, but my curioBity overcame m; weariness, go, without saying a word to aoy of my men, all of whom were asleep, I took my eight-bnre Moil a tow spare cartridges, and steered toward tho hound, Tbo game palb whioh wn had been following all day ran straight on in the direction from which tbe elephant had trumpet' d. It waa nnrrow, bat well trodden, and tho light attack down apon it in a straight white line, I crept along it caationsiy for Borne two handled yards, when it anddeniy opened into a most beantifol glade lorao two handred yards or more in Width, wherein tall er»sa grow, and fiat-topped trees stood singly. VVith ihe C'liu'iio borne of loog experience j wn'nl ed for ., few infmi-nlh b- fne I n.iter<'d lilt '1,1 ilf, uud i ben I saw wli7 the elophuni hurt trumpeted. There io tho middle of the glade o'ood a great mimed lion. Ho b'ood qui'e Oliil, making a soft purring noise, and waving bis tail to. and fro. Presently the eras, .boot forty ya,<-s on the hither side of him gave a wide ripple, and a lioness sprang nut ot it like a flash, and bnnndert hotseless'y np to tbe liou. R-acbiog him, the. great cat hal'ed sudd- nly, and tabbed ber bead against his shoulder. Then tbey both began to parr loa ily, sol artly that I believe that in the stillne a one might have heard tbem two handred yards or more away. After a time, wbile I was still hesitating what to do, either they got a whiff of my wind, or they wearied of standing still, and determined to start in search of game. At any rato, as though moved by a common impnlse, they snddeoly bounded away, leap by leap, and . vanished in the depths of the forest to the left. I waited for a little white loDger to a-e if iboro wera any more yollow skins aboat, and seeing none, oame to the con clusion that tbe lions mast have frightened the ofephanta away, and that I had had my stroll for nothing. But just as I was turning huok I thought that I heard a bough break upon the further side of the glade, nnd, rash as the aot was, I fol lowed the sound. I crossed the glade as silently as my own shadow. On it. inrthsr side the path went on, Albeit with many feats, I went oD too, - Tho jnoglo growth was so thick here that it. almost met overhead, leaving so small a passage for the light that I ornld scarcely see to grope 'ray way along. Presen'ly, however, it widened, and then opened into a aeoond glade Bljghtly smaller tbao the first, and them, on tbo fn<tber aide ol it, aboat eighty yards Irom ma, stood the tbroa enormous elephant., Tbey stood tbns : Immediately opcoBlte and fucing me w <b the wohnded one-tanked ball. He was leaning bis bulk against a do.d thorn tree, the only one in tbe place, and looked very -ick indeed. Near him stood the second bail, as though keeping a watch over him. Tbs third elephant was a good deal nearer to me and broadside on. While I wus -till staring at thpm, this elephant suddenly walked off and vanished down a path in the bush to tbe right, ' There were now two things to be done— either 1 could go back to the camp and ad vance npon tbe elephants at dawn, or I conld o'.tr.ck thsm at oscp. Tbr. first was, of conr-e, by la' the wisest and safest oonrse. To en gage one elephant by mo niight and single- handed is a sufficiently rash proceeding ; to tackle three was little short of lunaoy. But oo the other hand, I knew tbut they wonld be on the murob again before daylight, and tbe-e might come another day of weary trddglog belore I could c.'ch tbem np, or they might escape me altogether. "No," I thooght to myself, "f aiot heart j never won fair task. I'll risk II, and have a step at them. . Bat bow 2" I conld not ad vance serosa tbe open, for tbey wonld see me ; icu-Iy tbe only tblng to do was to oreep round in tbe shadow of tbe bnsb and try tp flume upon them eo. So I started. Seven air eight minutes of oarefa! stalking brought me to tbe month of tbe path down whioh tbe bird i-Iepbant bud walked. The other two were now aboat fifty yards from me, and the uatnse of tbe wall of bnBh waa snoh that I could not are bow to get nearer to them with out being ditcoveied. I hesi'ated, and fn-eped down tbe path which tba elephant had ollowed. About five yards in, ie cook a turn round a bnsb, I thought that I would ju have a lo»k bobind it, aud advanced, expect' ing that I ah uld be able to catch a sight o' tbe elephant', tail, A. it happened, how ever, I met bi. trunk coming round the c-iiuer. It ie very disconcerting to ste an etepbaui's trunk when you elytof to see hi tail, aod fjr & moment I stood paralysed almost under the vu»t brute's head, for he was not five yards from me. He too hailed, having either ae>n r winded me, probab'F tbeu-tr, and then threw up his )tauk aud tf nuipc ed preparatory to a cburge. I was' in for it now for I conld not eso-tpe either to tha right or left, on accouut of the hash aud 1 did not dare turn my back, So I did the only thing that I oould do— raised th rills and fired at th. black mas. of his ohqst. It waa tuo dark for me (o pick a Bhut; 1 could only brown it, as it w>te. The shot rang out like thunder on the quiet air, aod the eUp'ant answered it with a eoreutu, and then dropped his track and stood for a second or two as still as though he had been out In etone. I confess that I lost m> bsad : I ought to have fired my second barrel but I did not, _ Instead of doing ao, I rapidly opened my rifle, pulled ou: tbe old cartridge from the right barrel and repluo d it But before I con d snap the breaoh tn, tbu bull was at me I suw his great trunk fly up like a biown beam, and I waited no longer. Turning, I fled for dear life, aod after in. thundered tha ebpbant. Bight into the open glade I ran, and ihen, tbauk Heaven, Just as he was coming up with me the bullet took effect on him. He had been shot rlgb tbroagh the heart, or inDgs, and down he fell with a crash, etone dead. But in escaping from Foylla I bad ran into tbe jawa of CbaryOdie, I beard the elephant fall, and glanced round. Straight in front ut me, aud not fifteen paces away, were tbe otber two bolls. They were staring about, and at that 'moment tbey caugb. sight of me. Then they oatne, the pair of them— oame like thunderbolts, aud from different angles- I had only time to snap my ritlu to, lift it, and fire, almost at haphazard, at tbe heaa of the nearest, the unwoonded bull. 'Now, as yon know, in the esse of th" African elephant, whose stall is convex, and not ooncuve like tbut of the Iudion, this is always :a most tlsky and rety frequently yerfectty assists shot." The ballet loses its!! In the muse, of boar, tbat is all. Bui then is one little vital plans, aod should tue enlist happen to strike there, it will follow b channel ol the nostril— at least Iaoppo» t is tba nostrils— and reach tha brain. An I tbat was what happened in this esse— tha ball struck tbe fatal spot in the region of tns rye and travelled to the braio. Down came tne great hull all ol a hevp, and rolled onto his si to a. doad as a stone. Iawaogrouad at that ioatunt to face the third, tbe moisux ouU with ooe tusk tbat I bad wonnuer two days before. He waa already almost over me, and in the dim moonlight seemed to tonror above me like a honae. 1 lifted the rifle and pulled at his neck. It wonld not go i If 1 Then, in a flash, ni it waro, I remem bered that it was oa tbo half-cock. The luck of toia barrel ni » little week, and a few d.73 before, io firing (it a cow elaod, tha lett bsrtel had jarred . off at tbe shock of the dischargo of the right, knocking ras hack- wards with the recoil ; 80 after tbat 1 bad kept t: oo tha half cock till I actually wanted to fire it. 1 gave one desperate bound to tbe right, and, my lame leg notwithstanding, 1 believe thae low u-.en could have made a better jump. At ony rate, it waa none too soon, for as I jampsd I felt Ithe air made by tho tre- iiaotiiiuu. downward stroke of tbe mooater's trunk. Then 1 ran for ie. I ran like the wind, still keeping hold of my goo, however. My ides, so far as I could bo eaid to have any fixed idea, was to bolt down the psthasy np wbicb I hud come, like a rabbit down a burrow, trnsting that ho wonld loso sight ot me in tbe uncertain light. 1 sped across tho glade Fortunately the null, being woonded, could not gn full epeed ; but wounded or no, be conid go quite as fast aa I coold. I waa nnable to gain an inch, and away we went, with jost about 3fe. between our separate extremities. We were at tbe other side now, end a glance eerved to show me that I bud miscalculated and over shot tbo opening. To leaob it now was hopeless ; I should have blundered straight into tbe elaph&nt.; So I did the only thing I coold do ; I swerved like a coursed bare, and started off round tbo edge of the glade, seek ing for some opening into whioh I coold plango. This gave ma a moment's start, for the hull conld not earn as quickly aa I could, nnd J modn tba most of it. Bntoo opening conld I aco; tbe bush waa like a wall. We were speeding round the edge of the glude, and tho elepbitui was coming np again. Now he waa within abont Gft , and now, us he trumpeted or rather screamed, I conld feel tbe liorco hot blast of his. breath strike npno my head. Heavens ! bow it frightened me ! We were three psrta roond the glad now and aboot fifty yards ahead was the singlo large dead tborn tree against which tbe ball had boon leaning. I spurted for it ; it was my laBt chance of safety, But sport as I wonld, it seemed hoots before I got tboro Patting ont my right hand, I Bwaog rou-.d the tree, thns bringing mysslf face to face with the elephant, I had not time to lilt the rifle to fire, I had barely lime to cock ie, an i ran eidewnya and backward, when be mi on to me. Crash I he came, striking tb» tiee fall with his forehead, ft snapped like a carrot aboat forty inches from the gruand. Fortunately I was clour of the trunk, but one of the branches struck me on the cheat as it went down and swept me to the gronnd. I fell npon my back, nnd the elephant blun dered paat ms u. I lay. More by inatinot than anything else I li'ted thn rifle with oce band HOrt palled the trigger. It exploded, and, as I afterwards discovered, the ballet struck bim in the ribs. Bat the recoil of the heavy rifle held thus was very severe ; it bent my erm up, end sent the - bntt w-ith a (hud against Che cop of my shoulder and the rids of my nock, , for tbs mom-nt' quits pimlising me, nod causing thn wnspon to jump from my grasp. Meanwhile the bnli -»>« rnvhiog on He travelled for some twenty paces, arid then suddenly be otopped. Faintly I reflse'ed .that ho was coming back to finish ms, tub even tbe prospect of immi nent and dreadful, death conld not rmtne me into action. I was utterly spent ; I could not move. Idly, almost Indifferently, I watched his movements. For o momeut he stood s till, then he trnmptrded till the welkin rsng, and then very slowly, and with great dignity, he knell down. At th:s poiot I Swooned away. When I came to myself again I saw from the moon tbnt I must have been insensible for quits two honrs. I was drenched with dew, and shivering oil over At first I could not think where I was, when, oh lifting my head, I saw tbe ontline of tho one- tusked bull still kneeling some five and twenty ysrds from me. Then I remembered. Slowly I raised mysel', and was immediately taken with a violent sickness, tho result of over exertion, after which I very nesrly fainted n second time. Presently I grew bolter, nnd considered the position. Two of the elephants were, as I know, dead : bnt how about No. 3 1 There be knelt in mujoaty in tbe lonely moonlight Tho qnes-ion woe, was he rest ng or dead 1 I goi on my hands and knees, loaded my rifle, nnd painfully crept a few paces nearer. I could so his eye now, for the moonlight foil fall npon it— -G waa open, and rather prominent I crouched and watched; the eyelid did not move, nor did tho great brown body, or tbo 'rank, or the oar, or the toil— nothing moved. Tlieu. I knew tbat he must be deBd, I erept np to him, still keeping tho rifla well forward, and gave bim a (hump, reflect ing as I did so how very near I had been to being tbumprd instead of thumping. He never s'irrrd. hs certainly wag dead, (hough to this day I do not know if it was my random shot that killiid. him,. or if ho died fiom concussion of tha brain consequent npon tho troroendena shock of his contact with the tree. Anvbow, there ha was. Gold and beamiiul h» lay, or m'her knelt, us the poet neatly puts ie. Indeed, I Ju not think tha< I have ever seen a sight more imp- sing in its way than that mighty beast cronohed io majnstio death, end ahona upon hy the lonolv rpnon, While I stood admiring the whole scene, and hea'tily congratulating myself upon my escape, I once mote began to feel sick. Ac cordingly, without waiting to examine tho other two hnlls, I staggered hook to the osmp, which in doe coarse I reached in safutr. Everybody in it was asleep. I did not wake them but having swallowed a mouthful of brandy I threw off my coat nnd shore, rolled myself np in a blanket, nnd w«s Bonn fast asleep. Whan I awoke it wae already llghr, and at first I thonght that, like Joseph, I bad dreamed a dream. At that moment, how ever, I turned my head, and quickly knew that it was no dream, for my reek and face were so stiff from the blow of tbe bntt end of the rifle that it was agony to move them. I collapsed for a minnte or two. Gobo and another man, wrapped np like a cooplo of monks in their blankets, thinking that I was still asleep, wore crouched over a little fire thry had mnde, for the morning was damp and chills, and holding sweet cenveree. Gobo said tbat ha was getting tired of running a'ter elephants which they never cangbl. Macumezabn (that is, myself) wa» without donbt a man of parts, and of som" kill in shooting, bus also ho was a fool. None but a fonl wonld ran so fust and far after elephants whtoh it waa impossible to oa'ch, when they kept on'tiDg the spoor of fresh onss. He certainly was a fnol, bat ho mast not bo allowed to eontinao in his folly ; and ho, Gob", had determined to out a atop o it. He "honld refuse to aocrmpany him nny further on gn mad a hnnt, xe>, the other answered, "tbe poor roan aertainly was sick in his bead, and it was qoita time that they checked his folly wh>l they "till had a patch of skin left noon their fie'. Moreover, he for hla part o-rtainly ''id otlibe thia onnntry of Wambe's. whioh ready was fntl ot gho>ts Only tha last night he had heard the spooks at work — Ihev wera on' ahnotipg, at leuBt it acnuded aa though they were. It was very queer ; bnt perhaps their Innatio of a master — " " Gobo, yon sconudrel !" I shouted ont n' this junoture, sitting bolt nprlght on th" blanket", "stop idling there and make me 'Omecoffe'1. Hp sprung Gobo and his friend, and in half a moment were respectfully skipping aboat in a manner that contrasted wel with a Inrdly contempt of tbelr previous oouversation. Bnt all tbo same they were in earnest in what they raid abont hunting the elephants ony farther, for before I bed finished my coffee >hey came to me in a body, and aid that if I wantod to follow those elephants f rpr»« follow them by myeelT, for 'hey would noil IB I a surd with them, and affected to be much pnt ont The elephants were olose at hand, I said, I was sore of It ; I bad beard them trnmpet in the nigbl, "Yee," answered tbe men mysteriously, " tbey, (oo, bad heard things in tbe night — tbiups not nice to bear ; they bad beard the spooks out shooting, and nn longer would they remain in a country so vil- ly bannted '' "It was nonsense," I replied. "If ghosts went ont shooting, Barely tbey would use air-guns and not black powder, and one wonld not bear an air gnu; Weil, i' 'bey were cowarde, and wonld not come, of cnnrBe I conld not force them to, bnt I wonld make a bargain with them. /Tbey ebonld follow those depbsnt for one balf-bour more, then if we failed to coma npon them I wonld abandon: the pursuit, and wo would go straight to Warabe, chief of the Mstnko, and give him hoogo1 To this compromise ths men readily agreed. Accordingly abvol half an hour later we track oor camp and started, and nothwith- standing my achrs snd braises, I do not think that I over fe t in better spirits io my life. It is eoov'th'i-g to wake up in tho rooming and remember that in the dead of n'ght one has, iagle-hsD'ied , g ven battle to and overtbrowo threo of tho Isrgeit elephants in Africa, slaying them with three bailetp. Such a f.at bad cevc-r to ray knowledge been dona before, and on that parti rater morning I felt a very tall man nt my hands indssd. Tbe only thing tbat I feared was that ebonld I eyer come to tell the story nobody wonld believe it, for when a strange tale is told by a banter people are apt to think it is necessarily a lio, instead of being only probably eo. Well, we passed on till, having crossed Ibe GrBt glade where. I bed seen the lions, we reached the neofc of bush that separated i- from tho second glade, where the dead elrpbant-i were. And here I began to take elaborate precautions, amongst others oruor- ing Gobo to keep some yards ahead and look ont sharp, as I thonght that the elephants might be abont. Hs obeyed ray iostroctioos wi'h a superior smile, and pushed ahead. Presently I suw him poll np as though he had been shot, and begin to faintly snap Lie fingers. "Whst is It?" I whispered. " Tbo elephant, tbe great elephant with one tusk kneeling down-" .... I crept np beside him. There the ball as I had left him last night, and there too lay ibe otbfr boils. ..... " I)o these elephants sleep ? I whispered to tbo astonished Gobo. " Ye?, Macumazabn, tbey sleep. ' " Nay, Gobo, th»y are dead " "Dead? flow can tbey be dead? Who killed them?" " What do people call m», Ooho?' " They call yon Mscocscahn " "And what does Mscnmsz»bn mean V " It means the man who keeps hla eyes open, tba man who g"tB np in tha niuhl." "Yes, and I am tba- man. Look, yon idle, lazy cowards ; while you slept last nigbt I rose, and alone I honied Ihoso great elephants, and slew them by tbe moonlight To each ol tbem I gave ooo bullet and only one, and it fell dead. Look," and I advanced into tbe glade, " bere is my spoor, and here is tbe spoor ol tbe great ball charging sfte me, and there is the tree that 1 took refuge bobind ; see, the elephant shattered it io hi charge. Ob, yon cowards, yon who wonld give np tbe cbaee while tbe blood spoor steamed bmoxth your nostrils, see what 1 did singlebanded while yon slept, and bs ashamod." "Or I" said tbe men, "on I Kooe I Kooe y nracool !" (Ohiff, great Chief I) Aod then rhoy held their tongues, and going np to tbe 'bree deed boasts, gazed npon thorn in silence, Bnt after that those men looked npon mo with awe as being almost more than mortal. No more man, they eaid, could baTe slain tboso three elephants alone in the night-time. I never bad any farther trouble w>tb thom. I believe that if I bad told thom to jump over a precipice and «bat tbey would take nc- harm.'tlioy wonld liava believed me. Well, I went np and exsmioed the huile Such rnski as tbey had I n7or raw and never sh-.il see again. It took ns nil day to cm tbem ont ; aud when thsy reached Delauna Bay, as they did ultimately thongb not in my keeping, the single task ol I he big bnll seated on hundred and sixty ponnrtg, and tbe ton Other tusks averaged nine'y-nino and a ball pound"— a most wonderful, indeed Bn almoa' unprecedented, lot of ivory. Unfortunately I ws loroed to saw the big tusk in two, other wise we could nut have carried it. 