THE STORYTELLER. A NIGHT IN THE GULF. AN ADVENTURE IN NEW ENGLAND (NEW SOUTH WALES). BY L. L. CHAPTEU I. It was a drought in the colony of New South Wales. For months, nay, for years almost, the rainfall had in certain districts been practically nil. More especially had this been the case in those of the North V!'est, where, lor hundreds of miles was to be seen 110 green thing, and where only clouds of choking dust blew over the great plains, once waving with luxuriant pasture. There, as, day alter day, the burning sun rose red and angry-looking above the horizon, elieep, cattle, and horses crawled around the dried up or boggy tanks and waterboles, and died in thousands. There despairing and ruined men-men, the best part of whose lives had been one of self-denial and toil, incessant in the long uphill struggle for an independence, in many cases nearly achieved-now, bereft of all hope, madly cursed the glaring, pitiless, scorching orb that seemed to wither and re lentlessly destroy piecemeal every gift of Nature to her sons, and almost hoped at times that they might see its lurid splendour no more. From all parts went up one universal cry for rain. And still it came not. A mighty wind, hot and suffocating, whirl ing aloft great columns of dust and dried leaves, fearful thunderings, lightnings so vivid and so frequent that the whole arch of heaven appeared as if lit up by one tremendous flash, and then, perhaps, a few great drops would splash down on the heated and arid waste, and all was over. Hope de ferred! Alas, the day came to very many when at lust Bhe fled altogether, leaving her place to be filled by vacant indifference or furious insanity. Those settlers who possessed the means, and whose stock were still strong enough to travel, rented or bought runs in the higher parts of the colony where the drought had been less felt-indeed, it may be said not at all compared with its disastrous cffects on the great plains. Such, then, was the state of affairs on the large pastoral property oi Millimoali when I, a servant of the company which "owned it, received orders to collect the residue ot the sheep still remaining thereon, and, if possible, travel them to a run recently rented on the tableland of New England. Mustering, with inconceivable difficulty, about 16,000 sur vivors out of the original stock of over live times that quantity, we at last started, and slowly (for the poor wretches were. too weak to stand driving) travelled, .or rather crawled, along the dusty, carcass . strewn roads, through deserted goldtields, and almost equally deserted townships, whose Inhabi tants. sick of waiting for rain and better tnues, had, with the exception ot a publican a storekeeper or two, apparently departed lor more favoured regions. mil 1 ,nak>ne perhaps an average of three Iii« i a ^aj'' we crePl miserably along through iue Jieat and dust, sometimes overtaking, at ortiera passed by, more flocks all .hound for; eta6rvat>UntA'n their only refuge from *'°f firat 200 miles not a Made of grass was to be seen, and very little water, unless *"e ketid mixture: procured from pools, where * intervals we crossed a creek or river wnich had monthBsgo ceased running, could he BO called. Still we crept plong, somehow, dropping Bneep m scores every day to be tortured by »ne army of pursuing :crows which marked ?"c, course; til), at length, we reached the ioot ot the great range over which lay our Wa°ter9e<* °UC ^an&an; °* 6rasB ,wa<Ie£ naen» knocked-op houses, sheep, and t.itu a,llce seemed to jrevive and pluck up. courage at sight of the tall tier* of "®be,ed hills rising one above theotlier in "Pwwntly endless, succession; and exclama of deljythtwere'heatdonall aidesas we KF £? * crossed a trickling thread flf silver ?"8ht watw, icy cold, running over and be' *w«n hugejnoas-gro wn boulders, a thing of perfect beauty and gladness to oar duBt dimmed eyes and baked bodies. At last, after many weeks of travel, we reached the new ran; and a curious country enough it looked to us lowlanders, accustomed to nearly & dead, almost treeless, level. ? Made up of mountain peaks, everlasting togs, deep gullies, through each of which, half-hidden by ferns and long grass, ran over its pebbly bed a babbling little brook*-great flats of tbe greenest pasture, dark im penetrable scrubs abounding in dingoes, wild cattle, and " brombees Bondabolla, as the place was named, promised & rather exciting change to the desolation we had left behind us. Before very long we discovered that the lovely, emerald-hued grass, beautiful and en ticing as it appeared at first, was sour and worthless, too much so, indeed, for any stock except, perhaps, those bred there to do more than barely hold thetr own upon. We found, too, that owine to the porous soil and in cessant moisture, our sheep were fast be coming victims to that curse of unsound country, footrot; so, wbat with dressing the lame ones with butyr of antimony, and bunt ing for lost shepherds, always getting bushed on the strange run, I found that I had very little Bpare time on my bands. One evening, a few weeks alter our arrival, I was sitting at tbe door of my tent The men-amongst whom was a visitor, a stock man from a neighbouring station in search of strayed cattle-were gathered around the fire smoking their after-supper pipe, and all seemed to be intently listening to the new comer, who was spinning a yarn in a high pitched voice to an evidently much impressed and attentive audience. 1 could hear fragments of hia story now and again from where 1 sat, and presently came to my ears-" Yes, boys, an' they cats the poor ole teller's throat right acrost, an' then they takes an' chucks him into the waterhole back o' the hut-you can see it there now-an' then, boys, they turns to an' roots np all the lloorin' boards a searchin' fer the money. Poor ole Bill, I knowed him well; he'd been a sheperdin' fer Hungry brown, off an' on, this twenty year or more ; an' since he wor killed, the place has always had a bad name o' bein* harnted." There succeeded a solemn silence for some 1 minutes after this wind-up, then said one of my men, "No one livin' there, now, 1 s'pose." " Livin' there !" exclaimed the cattle man, scornfully. " Well, no, I should rayflier think not! Ole Bill's giiost'd soon make people cut out o' there. It don't want no company, you bet!" " Well, for mv part," returned the other thoughtfully, "I don't believe iu ghostes; never did." "Ah, but," insisted the narrator, with what struck me as rather nnculled-for and anxious earnestness, "this un's been seed. One o' our chaps, just as it might be me, now, to night, was arter some lost beasts iu the Gulf, an' he gets a bit slued, an' comes rigbt on the ole but. It were close up sundown, an' as he rides up to the door, he sees a fire ablazin' up the chimney like ennythin', an' a one side of »t-it were a bitter treezin' night-sits ole Dill as nat'ral as life, only with his 'ead bent right down, an' hangin' over his breast. Well, boys, when Tom sees that "orrible ghost he just digs the spurs into the ole moke an' gallops him up a clift where, if't 'ad a been daylight, he'd a thought twice afore scramblin' on foot; an' 'ume he comes, all of a shiver an' a shake, an' told us his yarn. Some they larfed at him, an' some they be lieved him ; but, eunyhow, no fear o' people 'bout these parts goin' within rods o' the murderiu' hut, dark or daylight, since then, if they knows it" 1 had listened listlessly enough to the story -the Australian bush abounds in such till the "Gulf" was mentioned, a term which excited my curiosity. So, calling the fellow over, 1 proceeded to ask him a few questions about the place. He was a tall, lanky, scampish-looking native, one of the class commonly known amongst buBhmen by the designation "flash," and trom whose ranks are recruited the men who help to form the gangs of desperadoes led by the Ned Kellys and "Captain Thunderbolts " of the bushranging epidemic, which seems to break out at regular intervals in these colonies. As I questioned him, he, in marked contrast to his recent loquacity, answered only in monosyllables ; and it was with not a little trouble that I at length made out that the " Gulf " was merely an immense gully, or, more likely, what Americans would cull a canon, deep and long, that cut right through one portion of the great tableland on the eastern slopes of which we were then. Upon my expressing a wish to see the place with its lonely hut, and asking him to show i me the direction in which it lay, the fellow shifted uneasily about, whilet pretending to take his bearings by the Btars ; and, at length, pointing straight over my tent, he said " It liessomewheresthere, or thereaway, an' it must be al I out ten mile from here. An'," he wenton, "it's a 'ardplacetolind ;an'whenyou gits there there's only two tracks as a 'orse can git down. It's harmed, too, an* aint no place for a stranger to be pokin' about in nohow." . , | Seeing that this was all the information I was likely to get out of him, I asked him what cattle he was in search of, and he at once become communicative enough. It appeared that he was looking after a small run called Cutta Cutta, belonging to a Major Johnson, who, at present, was visiting New Zealand for his health's Bake; and that of late so many of the finest beasts had been missing that he, the stockman in charge, began to suspect someone of stealing them "shaking" was the term be used-con sequently he was now on" the watch night and day with a view to the discovery of the said cattle-shakers. Early the next morning onr guest took his departure, and himself and his story gradually faded from mv recollection, as men and stock, alike daily cul'led for extra attention. 1 Shepherds were continually coming home with sheep missing out of their nocks, sometimes indeed, altogether flockless; j whilst occasionally, reversing the usual order of things, a mob would arrive at the yards, about sundown, shepherdless. Once, as the llock slowly approached headquarters in the evening gloom, those who should have been their guides and protectors were observed coming into camp from an opposite direction, having missed their chargeB since, early morning in a thick fog. But such good luck on both sides was rare indeed, and it was no unusual thing for one or two of UB to bej riding nil night long amonfcst the ranges firing rifles as a signal to the boshed men to "coo-ee." .... . * . . , One misty, drizzling day, I had been un successfully searching tor some - sheep dropped by one of the shepherdB, and had ridden tar away from camp "circling," in a vain attempt to pick up tracks, when.I found myself in a part of the country to which I was a complete stranger. , . Turning at length to make for home, I had just got through a thick scrub, when, suddenly* Hfcht in front of me, strctohed What* appeared'a sea pf mist, the fleecy billows op which roHed not a yard from my horseVfeet; The «niniftl stopped* dead, snorted with j terror, and refubed to budge. DUmbunting, and peering downwards, 1 could make out what I took to be the heads of trees looking dim and unsubstantial as they stretched up their log-laden branches nearly to the level of where I stood. As I gas»d in doubt and wonder, up from the very bottom of the abyss as it seemed, faint, and sounding afar off, came the bleat of sheep. Just at this moment a light breeze sprang np. and the dense white piles be^an to lilt and sweep away before it, revealing a tre mendous rift running nearly sheer down for fully 800 feet Along its aides grew tall trees and shrubs, and far below, in thedark-Iooking timbered bottom, I could see the waters of a creek glowing ruddily in the fa9t-lowering sun, whilst scattered along its banks, contentedly feeding, were the missing stragglers. 