'THE FROZEN PIRATE:' , BY W.: OLAR? RUSSELL,: Auithor of 'The Wrick of theIGrosvenor,' 'The Lay.faud,' '.i S' ilor's Sw.eet heart,' Eta. Cuasrnan XIV. (Co.axncur . : I had made a great fire, and its lightwas strong, and there was also the light of the lauitrn ; but tha Jfrnace flames played 'very` lively, :completely overmastering the steady illuinnation of the candle, and the -man's -" figure was alla-twitch with moving shadows, and a hundred fantastic shades seemed to steal out of the side and bulkheads and dis appear upon my terrified - gaze. Then, thought I, suppose after all- that the'man ..should be alive, the vitality in him set flowing by the heat? I minded myself of my own simile of the current checked by ':'frost; yet retaining unimpaired the principle of motion ; and getting my agitation under some small control, I approached the body on tiptoe and hold the lantern to its face. He looked a man of • sixty years of age ; his beard was grey and very long, and lay SUpon his breast like a cloud of smoke.- His eyes were closed; the brows shaggy, and the dark scar of a sword-wound ran across his forehead from the corner of the left eye to the top of the right brow. His nose was long and hooked, but the repose in his countenance, backed by the vague character of the light in which I inspected him, left his face almost expressionless. I was too msnh alarmed totput my ear to his montlt-to mrk "-if he breathed, if indeed the noise of the bnurning fire would have permitted me to -distinguish his respiration. I drew back from him, and put down the lantern and watched him. Thought I, it will not do to bolieve there is anything supernatural here. I can swear there is naught living in this -ship, and am I to suppose, assuming she is haunted, that a ghost, which I have always read and heard of as an essence, has in ite shadowy being such quality of muscle as would enable it to turn that heavy man over from his side on to his back ' No, no, thought I ! depend upon it, either he is alive and may presently come to-himsdlf, or -else in some wonderful way the'fire in thawing him has so wrought in his frozen tfibres as to cause him to turn. " Presently his left leg, that was slightly 'bent towards the furnace, stretched atself out to its fall length, and my ear caught a ~afint sound, as of a weak and melancholy -sigh. Gracious heaven, thought I, he is -alive ! and with less of terror than of pro found awe, now that I saw there was mothin- of a ghostly or preternatural cha S-racter m this business, I approached and bent over him. His -eyes were still shut, and I could net hear that he breathed; there was not the faintest motion of respi -ation in-his breast nor stir in the hair, that was now soft, about his mouth. Yet, so far was the light would suffer me to judge, there was a complexion' in- his face such as could. -only come with -flawing blood, however languid its cirmulation, and putting this and the sigh and .the' movement o' the leg S'together, I felt convinced that the man was -alive, and forthwith' fell to' work, very full of awe and amazement to be -sure, to help nature'that was struggling in him. 3My-first step was to heat some brandy, and whilst this was doing I pulled open his coant andfreed his nekeo fetching a coat from the cabin to serve as a pillow for his head. I next removed his boots and laid bare his feet '(which were encased in no less than four pairs of thick. woollen stockings, so that- I 'thought when I came to the third pair I -should find his legs made of stockings), ad after bathing his feet in hot water, of which 'there was a kettleful, I rubbed them with 1 hot brandy as hard as I could chafe. I then `dealt with his hands in the like manner, hSaving once -been shipmate with a seaman I who told me he had seen a sailor brought to i by severe rubbing of his extremeties after he had been carried below supposed to be frozen I t-o death, and continued this exercise till I could rub it no longer. Next I opened his lips, and, finding he wanted some of his front teeth, I very easily poured a dram of brandy into his mouth. Though I preserved myt astonishment all this while, I soon dis- a covered myself working with enthusiasm, I with a most passionate longing indeed to I aecover the man, not only because it pleased \--me to think of my being an instrument .under God of calling a human being, so to speak, out of his grave, but because I yearned for a companion,- someone to address,. to lighten the hideous solitude of my condition Sand to assist me in planning our do liverance. I built up a great fire, and with much \- trouble, for he was very heavy, disposed him in such a manner before it that the heat was reflected all over the front of him from his head to nis feet. I likewise continued' to 1 chafe his extremities, remitting this work 1 only to rest, and finding' that the brandy had stolen down his throat, I poured another dram in and then -another, till I think he had swallowed a pint. . This went t on for an hour, during-which time he never t .exhibited the least sign of life; but on a sudden he sigheddeep, a trenior ran through him, he sighed again and partly raised his right hand, which fell to the deck with a ! blow.; his lips twitched, and a small con vulsion of his face compelled the features into the similitude of a grin that instantly ! faded; then he fetched a succession of sighs and opened his eyes full upon me. 'I was warm enough with my work, but when I observed him looking at meI turned of a death-like cold, aind felt' the'dew of an 'intolerable emotion wet in the'palmsof my hands. There' was no speculation in his stare at first; his eyes lay as coldly upon me as those of a fish ; .but"a".lifo.quickened in him so his understanding awoke;, he slightly knitted his brows, .and very slowly .rolled his gaze' off me to-the furnace and so over as much of the cook-room as was before him. He then started as if to sit up, but -ell back with a slight?groan'and looked at 'Whatis this?' said he in French, ins a v?ery hollow feeble voice.: \- Iknew enough of his lang ato 'enable L-M to know he spoke in Fre?iEh,' bt that .,wasall. Icould not speak a syllableof that S You'll be feeling better .presently ; you _must not expectyour strength to'come inm a Sminnte,' said I, taking my chance of his nderstending me, and speaking' 'that'' he Thight not think me a ghost, for Idounbt not .I was as white as one ; since, to be plain,,the mnre talking to a figure that I had to con-. cider as sheerly.dead as anybody in a grave .yeard was alarming enough, and then again -there was the sound of my own voice, which 1 had not exerted in speech for ages, as it -seemed to me. \- He faintly nodded his head, by which I perceived hlie understood me, and said very -Jaintly in English, but with a true French arccent, ' This is a hard bed, sir. SI'll speedily mend that,' said I, and at -once fetched a mattress from the cabin next amino; this I placed beside him, and dragged .him on to it, he very weakly assisting. I ·then brought clothes and rugs to coverhim with, and made him a high pillow,'and as he lay close to the furnace he cdihld not have Bo-bn snugger hlad he had a wife to tuck him .ip in his own beld. , ' - I. .was .very'muich excitad; my foimer ferr6rshad.vanished, but mny awe continued . agret;. for I felt.as if I had wrouht a :' iireler and I triembled de a' mnanwould who Ssurnveys aoine.prdigy of'lhis own creation. It. S-was yet to be-learnt how. long 'h. had becie' in this condition; but I wan perfectly sure ho had formed one of the schooner's people, * and as Lhad guessed.' her to have been here Selor.npwardsof lifty years, thlo.notionof tlmat man having Inin-torpid for half a century held mo nnder a perpetual spell of astonish ment but there was no more horror in me ,,noFf;rght" lto followed mq about with his , eyes, butdid'not offer.to speak;' .poerhaps he could not: 'I' put a lump' of lce inkto the ; mttle, and whelicn thea water bqiled made him a pint. of nstc hsig -briindy pamcla' which I .hold to his lips in e pIanaikin wlshlt I sup-" :Iorted his bacnk with my kaoe; he supped'., it 'lowly and paifully~ ; lmt with unmistakable mlr, rd -sichgd h ni uf hdontenitiment 'as •i eh lay hbak. hdt he woulL 'need somethihia mnor sshtalning £llan banndy and" e.Wter.; • uubleish by sp55c15l55Gr e wlh the stirtor. p Iansa:s I guessed his stomacl- after so pro digious a fast, would be too wtek'to support sueohsolids as beef, or,pork,'.ee bacon, I miused a'little, turning over in. my mind the contents of.the larder(as I caU it), all which -time he eyed me with bewilderment growving in hisface; and I then thought I could not .do better than manufacture. him a broth of oatmeal, wine, bruised bisouit, and a. piece of .tongue minced very small. * This did not take me -long in doing, the c tongue being near the furnace and soft r 'nough for the knife,-and there was nothiing r to melt but. the wine. When the broth was a ready I kneeled as before and'fed'him.'. He ategie dilly,.'ad when the broth was gone looked as' if he would have been 'glad for ' Now, sir,' says I,;: 'sleeoop if you can ;' with which he turned his head and in a few minutes was sound asleep, breathing. regn larly and deeply.? CiaPern XV.-Tnx Prasxa's SToYr.. It was now time to think of myself. The -watch showed .the hour to be after six. Whilst my supper was preparing "I went on deck to close the hatches tokeep the cold out of the ship, and found the weather changed, the wind having shifted -directly into the west, whence it was blowing with a good deal of violence, upon the ice, ringing over the peaks and among the rocks witha singular clanking noise in its crying, as though it brought with it the echo of thousands of bells pealig .in some great city .behind the sea. It also swept ip.tho gore thativont from our hollow to the. edge of the- eltif-i a noisy fierce hooting, and. this blast was very freely charged with the spray of the breakers which boiled along the island. The sky was overcast with flying clouds of the true Cape HIIorn colour and appearance. I closed the fore-scuttle, but on stopping aft came to the two bodies, the sight of which brought me to a stand. Since there was life in one, thought I, life may be these, and I felt as if it would, be like murdering them to leave themhere for the Might. But, said I, to myself, after all, these men are certainly insensiblo if they be not dead; the cold that freezes on deck cannot be different from the cold that froze them below ; they'll not be better oif in the cabin than here. It 'will be all the same to them, and to-morrow I shallperhaps have the Frenchman's help to carry themrto the furnace and discover if the vital spark is still'in them. To be candid, I was the' more easily per suaded to leave them to their deck lodging by the very grim, malignant, and savage ap pearance of the great figure that had leaned against the rail. Indeed, ' Idid not at all like the notion of such company in the cabin through the long night. Added to this, his bulk was such that, without assistance, I could only have moved him as you move a cask, by rolling it; and though this might have answered to convey him to the hatch, I stood to break his arms and logs off, and perhaps his .head, so brittle was he with l frost, by letting his own weight trandle himn down the ladder. • So I left them .to lie and came away, fling inga last look round, and then closing the companion- door upon me. The Frenchman, asI may call him, was sleeping very heavily and snoring loudly. Igot my supper, and whilst I atoe surveyed the mound of clothes he made on the deck a motley heap indeed, with the colours and .l the finery of the lace and buttons of the t coats I had piled upon him-and fell into i some startling considerations of him. Was s it possible, I asked myself, that he could have lain in his frozen stupor for fifty years P But = why not P for suppose he had been on this see but a year only-nay, six months- an absurdity in the face of the manifest age of the ship and her furniture- would not six months of lifelessness followed by a resur rection be as marvellous as fifty yearsP Had he the same aspect when the swoon of the ice seized him as.he has now ? I answered yes, for the current of life having been 3 frozen, his appearance would remain as it I-lighted'my pipb and sat smoking, t;hik--' ing he would presently awake; but his slumber was as eop as the stillness Thad thawed him out of .had been, and he lay so t motionless that, but for his snoring and harsh breathing, I should have believed him lapsed into his former state. At eight o'clock the fire was'very low. e Naturo was working out her own way with I this Frenchman, and I determined to let him I sleep where he was, and take my chance of I the night. At all events he could not alarm i meby stirring, for if I hearda movement I should know what it was. So, loitering to see the last gleam of the. fire extinguished, I t tookmy lantern and went to bed, but not to Te full 'meaning of the man awakening into life out of a condition into whichhe had been plunged, 'for all I knew' before' I was born, came upon' me very violently in the darkness. There being nothing to divert my thoughts, I gave my miid wholly to it, and I tell you. I found it an amazing terrifying thingto happen. Indeed, I do not know that the likeof such an adventure was ever before x heard' of, and I' well recollect thinking 'to myself, ' I would give my' left hand to know of other cases of the kind-to be assured that this recovery was strictly within" the bounds a of nature,' that I might feel I wasnot alone, so strongly did'the thoughts of a 'satanic in fluence operating in this business crowd I upon mo-that'is to say, as if I was involun- I tarily working out some plan of the devil. 'The gale made'a geat roaring.. The ship's stern lay open to the gorge, and but for her steadiness' I might have -supposed'myself at sea. There was indeed .an incessant thunder about my ears, often accompanied by the shock of a mass of spray flung thirty feet high, and falling like sacks 'of stones I upon the deck.- Onco'I felt the vessel rook.; I cannot tell the hour, but it was long past midnight, and by .the noise of thewind I guessed it was blowing a whole gale. The I movement was extraord'nary-whether side- ] ways or downwards I could not distinguish ; but, seasoned as my stomach was to the motion of ships, this movement set up a nausea that lasted some while, -acting upon me as I havesince learned the convulsion of an earthquake does upon people. It took off my mind from the Frenchmnn,' and filled me with a different sort of alarm altogether, for it was very evidsnt the gale whs making the ice break ; and, thought I to myself, if wedo not mind oar eye we shall be crashed ' andburise.. But what was tobe done I To qhit the ship for that piercing flying gale, oharged with sleet somd hali and foam, wos merely' to languish for a little, and then miserably expire of frost. No, thlought I, if the end is to como,. lot it find me here ; and with that I snugged me down amid the coats and cloaks in my cot, and, obstinately holding my eyes .closed, ultimately fell asleep. 'It was late when I awoke. I'lighted the lantcrn, but upon 'ietering'" the passage~that led to the cabin I'observeil by my. own posture tlmit'ths sehooneorhad not only heled more to hlrboard, but was further ' down by the stern',,to the extent of seoveral 'feet. Indeed, the angleo of inclination was now considerable enough to. bring my shoulder (in the pssage)n clos"agaist the starboard ide when I stoodi erct. The niso of the galoe was till.ih the air, and the 'booming and boiling of the shea was uncom moely loud. I walked straight ?o the cook-room, and, . putting ' the lantern. to the Frenchman, pomerived that he was still in a heavy sleep, and that he had Liin truthrngh 'the night precisely in tho atti tude in which I had loft hlim. Ris faco was s9 muffled thalt little more than his long hawkl's-bill no?o was discernible. ' It was freozingly cold, and I maloe hastoe to light the fire. Thoro was still coal enorigh in the corner to last for tlhe day, and before long the furnace was blaring choorfully.' I wsemt' tor work to make some broth and fry. noihe ham, and melt a little bIlock of the ruby coloured wine, and whilst thus oocupied, turning my' lisld a inoment to look.at the Irenchman, I found him half started up; staring intently pt me. This sudden confrontment throw.'mo into Rsuich cohfiuon that I oouldnot spoik, .Heo moved his heail from aido to side, taklng''i view of thisoono, with an expression'of the. niost. inimitable astonishment: pilitod upbn': his countenianoe. iHe then brouglht theflsat of hi?s.hand':with a dramatis blow tohii forehead, the scaion which showed black as ink to the flre-glos',aud sat erect. ' Where have I been ?' he .exolanied in French: ' Sir,' said I, speakiie' with 'the Atmost diliculty, 'I do not understand your lan guago. I am English. e'ou speak my tongue. Will you addressme in it 1'. ' English ' he exclaimed in English, droppngm his heasd on one side;and peering at ome w ith 'an incredible air- of amazement.' "' How caie you hereo ' You are not of our company. Let me see' .- .. '":HIere he 'straggled with 'recollection, continiiil g to stare atmie fromunder his shaggy eyebrows 'is if' was sonie frightful vision. .' I am a shipwreeked British mariner,' said I,"' and have been cast away upon this ice, where I found your schooner.' '-Ha'' he interrupted with prodigions vehemence, ' certainly; we are frozen up-I remember. That sleep should serve my memory so I' He made as if to rise, but sat again. ' The Cold is numbing ;, it would weaken a lion: Give me a hot drink, sir.. I filled a pannikin with the melted wine, which he swallowed thirstily. " 'eore I'. cried he. .! I seem to want lifo.' SA?ain I filled the pannikin; 'ood 1' said he, fetching' a sigh as "hoe returned the vessel ; 'you are very obliging, sir. If you have food there, 'wewill eat g1ivo the substance of hi, speech, but not hits delivery of it, nor is it neeasary that' I should iitorpol?tos.my rchdering withthe French words heused,. 'The broth being boiled, I gave him a good bowl of it along with a plate of bacon and tongue, some biscuit, and a pannidkn of hot brandy and water, all which things I put uponhis knees as he sat upon the mattress, and to it he fell, making' a rare meal. Yet all the while he ate he' acted like a man bewitched, as well he might, staring at me and looking round and round him, and then drdpping his. knife to strike his brow, asif by that kind of blow he would qu-icken the activity of memory there. ' There is something wrong,' said hoe pro sently. ' What isit, sir ? This- iesthe cook room. Howdoesit happen that I am. lying here P' I told him ekactly howit was, ad~llhg'that if it had not been for his posteure;. which obligedme to thaw in order to carry'hiin, he would now be on' deek with: the' others, awaiting the best funeral I oouldigive'hiin. S'W~ho are the others P asked he:.. SI know; not,' saidI. ' There were-four in all, counting yourself ; one sits frozen- to death on the rooks.' I met. him: first, and took this watch from his pocket that I' might tell the time.' He took the watchin his hands, andiasked" me to bring thelantern close. ' Ha I' cried he, ' this was Mendbza's the captain's. I remember ;: he took;itf for the sake of this letter upon it. Hb lies dead on the recks ? We missed him, but didnot: know where he had gone.' Then, raising his'hand and impulsively starting upon the mattress, he cried, whilst he tappedhis forehead, ' It has come back. !' I haveit! Guiseppo Trentanovo and I were in the cabin; he had fallen.blind with the glare of the ice-if that was it. We con- fronte each other. On a sudden he screamed, out, I had put my face into my arms, and. felt myself dying. His cry aroused me. I. looked up andsaw him leaning back from, the table with his eyes fixed and horror in his countenance. I was too feeble to speak- toolanguid to rise. I watched him awhile, and then the drowsiness stole over me again; and my 'head sank, and I remember no more.' He shuddered, and extended the pannikin for more liquor. I filled it with two-thirds of brandy and therest water, and he supped it down as if it had been a thimbleful of wine. SBy the holy cross,' cried he, ' but this is very wonderful, though. How long have you been here, sir ?' . -Three days'.. . t Threedilys-l andlIhave bea-in ae all that time--never moving, never '-breath-' ing 2' ' Yo will have been in a stupor longer than that, I expect,' said I; S' Whatis thnisionth ?'he cried. . •"July,'.I r?plied: 'JiIly-=T~ji y t "' he inuttered. ' Impos sible L Letmo see,'-he began to count on his figers-' :wefell in with the ice and got locked ia November. We had six months of it ? ' iecollect no -more." Six months 'of it, sir ; and' suppose the stupor came upon me then, the' month at which my memory stops would be April. Yet youcall this July; that is to say-, four months of oblivion; im possible !. ' What was.the- year in which you fell in with theiceT said I. ' The-year 2" he exclaimed in a voice deep with the wonder this question raised in him ; ' the year?. Why, man, what year but. ceresteelin, huaned al? fifty-three !' ' Good God !. cried I, jumping to my feet with terror at a statement I had anticipated, though it shocked!ma as a new and frightful revelataon.. : Do you know what year this Ho.looked at meowithout answering. 'It is eightcenlihumdred and one,' I cried, and as I said this.I recoiled a step, fully ox pectinghin?toeieap. up and exhibit a hundred demonstrations of horror and consternation, for this-I am persuaded would have been my posture. had': any man roused me from a slumber and told me I. had been in' that conditibu for eight--and-forty years. He continued' to view me with a very strange andeunning expression in his eyes, the coolness of whiuh was inexpressibly sur prising and bewildering; and even mortify ing.; then preset'T grasping his beard, looked at it; thou put 'his hands to his face and looked at them; then put out his feet and -looked at t?emo ; then very slowly, but without visible effort, stood up, swayingg:a little with an air of' weakness, and.proceeded to feel and strike himself all ovet, swinging lis'arms and using his legs; after which he sat down and pulled the clothes over his naked feet, and fixing his eyes on rho afresh, said, '.What -olI you say this year is, sair P', '"Eighteen hundred and one,'.I ropli.d.i ' Bah I' said he,. and shook his head very knowingly.:: ' No matter;. you have beon, shipwrecked too! Sir, shipwrecl:ahufles dates as a player does cards, and thet best of us will go wrong in famine, loneliness, cold, anudporil.,"Be of. good eheer; my'frl?sid';U all will return to you. Sit, sir, that I may hear your adventures, and I will relat. mine. ' .Isaw how it 'was-he supposed.me dec ranged, a mortifying codnstruetion to plactio upon! the languae. of a 'man who .had restoro~' him to life; yet a few momentso reflection taught me to see the reasonablonqess of it, fqr inless he thought me crazy he.must conclude I spoke the truth, and it wvas in-. conceirable. that he should believe that he 'had lain'in' frozen condition for eight-and tred tho fire to make.more light aiid sit down near the fidreho. 'iiS appearauce was very 'striking.. ' The scar upon his f6re" head gave. a very .dark sullen. look ti Jis browns ; his eyes were small and were hall last in the dusky hollows in which.thoy were sat, aisdI, obsorved .an indescribably leeoing, ounning expression in them, something 'f. ..which Iattributed to the. large quantity of liquor.ho had swallowed. Tlhi oontrated oddly with the respectable aspect he tobk .rm his baldness--that. is, tfrom the naked nessofhis polls for, as I have before said,. his hair fell 'ong and- plentifully, in a ring: a little abov the cars, so that you would have supposed at some late period of his life he had been scalped. ... . t:-"(?..Bg ?oNv? ' :.? i::. : 