THE THUNDERBOLT A MYTTT Mr. G. J. Symons, F. R.S., read an amusing | and highly interesting paper before the Royal Meteorological Society m London recently, on "The Nou- existence of Thunderbolts, Eluci dated by Accounts of Searches after them." Mr. Symons has endeavored to track the so called thunderbolts wherever he could hear of ! them; but' they have vanished before the man of science like ghosts before tlia daylight. His ] inquiries showed that there was no more trans mission of a thunderbolt, or of uiiy other solid body, when an electric spark rushed through the air, than there is the transmission of a ( materia1 substance when a message is tele graphed across, or rather under, the Atlantic Ocean. Sometimes a lightning flash appears to strike the tfroilnd, and 4 spherical itodule of iron pyrites is foUlid near the spot. It was there before. Still the ignoi'.mt im igiile it came from the cloudsj and with the lightning. Belemnites, which are really fossil animals, are found similarly, and in Webster's Dictionary are des cribed as " thundferstcmes," and as such are often preserved. (Jccisionally a heavy dis charge of lighfcnihg fulls on a bed of sand, pene trates it fob several feet-, and melts the silex in its path, fusing it into a kind of glass which is known as fulgurite— some fine specimens of which are to be found in the British Mnseiim. This, and this only, could have any priiterice to be considered a, thunderbolt, but then it does not descend from the clouds, anil is caused solely by the iutense heat of the lightning. Mr. Symons did not deny that solid bodies do at times come down from the sky and strike the earth : but these are meteorites and aerolites—substanccs ejected from volcanoes or falling upon the earth from planetary space. They are always "falling, but. when accidentally they descend during a thunderstorm they ara instantly designated tliunderl'olts, though the t\Vt> phenomena have absolutely no connection. For the credit of Englishmen the lecturer hoped that henceforth the word thunderbolt would be erased from our dictionaries. . . Gia'st Magnets.—The Electrical Review learns that "some very interesting experiments have been carried out in America with two im mense magnets made from two large Hodman gun's. A crowbar which was applied to the magnet required the combined force of four strong men to tear it away. A handful of tacks thrown in the opposite direction immediately flew back and attached themselves to the magnet. Seveial lo-inch cannon balls, solid, and as much as a strong man could lift, were held suspended in the air, one under the other. The most amusing experiment was mvie with a sledge hammer. When one tried to wield it in a direction opposite to the magnet, be felt as though he were trying to hit a blow with a long feather in a galo of wind. Another curious test was made with a number of carpenter's spikes. A spike was put leugthwise on the end of the magnet, then another spike was attached to the first and so on, until a line of them stood straight out from the magnet at least four feet in length." ; Steel La.ce for Feminike Wear. —The ques tion of making laces of iron and steel for ladies' and children's wear is again (says the Fiti'.ura Chronicle) being discussed in art and fashion circles. At the Centennial in 1876 a pieceof steel rolled by a Pittsburg mill was on exhibition, which was so thin aud light that it weighed' much less than a book leaf, and could be blown from' the hand easier than a piece of paper of the same size. The iron leaf was rolled on a train of rollers upon which heavy tank and boiler iron is now rolled. Experts say that curtains and fine laces can be trn.de of soft malleable iron, and in every way be used with greater satisfaction than cotton laces. ' The sheets will necessarily have to be rolled down to an exceedingly low gauge, and then passed into any desirable pattorn and shapo. There will be. no trouble in furnishing iron K> os for ladies' and children's wear, with their names aud otlior or naments in a filigree design. An introduction of steel lace would establish in Pittsburg an in dustry that would give work to at least 3,000 men, and consume annnally not loss than 76,000 tons of steel, which is now a drug in the market at less than two cents a pound. Steel lace, un like cotton can be made light or heavy with out affecting the grade, colour or brightness. We tiny yet see fashionable ladies wearing steel shawls and trimmings for their hats and dresses. " It's No Go."—A lecturer recently delivered a lecture in a church upon the subject of " Mar riage and After," in wliioh he strongly recom mended that the courtship before marriage should be continued after, and that men, to show their love for their wives, should kiss them frequently. When the lecture was over an old man went home, put his arms round his wife's neck, and kissed her. Meeting the lec turer next day he said—'• It's no go ; your advice'll no dae." " What advice?" asked the lecturer. " What ye gied last night," replied the man. " When I kissed my wife, dae ye ken what she said?'' "No." " Weel she said, What's gane wrang wi ye, ye auid fule? and slapped my face." Tiie Pepper-Tree.—Some time before reach ing Santa Barbara we began to see the pepper tree of which we had seen isolated specimens before—in groat numbevs, and presently miles of hedges composed of this graceful tree met our eyes The pepper-tree is large and tall, with branches drooping after the manner of the weep ing willow, only not to the same extent. The foliage is thick, the leaves being long and slender, growing close together and having a very graceful and feathery effect. Iu the spring they are covered with clusters of tiny light yellow, creamy blossoms which look as soft and downy as the back of a newly hatched chicken and of about the same colour, taken as a mass. These disappear.|;md long clusters of small berries gradually ripen and blush to a vivid scarlet in the warm sum, making a wonderfully pretty bit of colour, contrasting with the light green leaves in the landscape. In leaf, iu bud, in blossom, in fruit, it is always a beauti ful and graceful thing to look upon. As the seasons change it simply changes its dress, the new one seeming lovelier than the old ; it is never bare and desolate like most other trees. The pepper-tree is very common in Southern California, but its perennial beauty preserves it from the fate of many another common thing. Feat in Repokting.—The reporting of Mr. Goschen's recent Budget speech was an extra ordinary feat. There were no figures in existence except tho M.S. which Mr. Gosohen himself spoke, front, and a table of familiar facts which was s-cantily circulated in the rjallerv. Yet within half 1 T- when v-, (r^che.n was "['■jivii, Uiti, ami ifi du.'.ie cases L'trbanhi, reports of his statements wtce selling ia the streets. 