"Who Were Guilty P Fuoh the debate in* the - Assembly on the 15th instant it is possible with care to thread together what is necessary to form a tolerably complete narrative of those painful events of which it is charitably supposed that of the Hopeful was the worst. Eoth sides have had a tale to tell, the one.affirming, the other denying, leaving it in "doubt which spoke the truth, and which ought to be believed. Even now, after hearing both sides sum up, the task of judging is difficult, and the result perhaps not quite satisfactory. We venture to offer the following : The first fact, now placed beyond denial, is that the- M'llwraith Government licensed vessels,to trade in the South Seas. The area, so named rather than described, certainly embraced New Guinea; and Sir ThomasM'Ilwraith himself now ad mits that it did. ; It was not worthy of him, therefore, to say as he has said, that he never licensed any vessels to goto New Guinea,, meaning that he never licensed any specially to go there. So long as a whole is equal to all its parts, so long as the name " South Seas " embraces New Guinea, tb give a' general license for the South Seas is to give , one for every place therein. It is, therefore, indisputable that the M'llwraith Government licensed vessels for New: Guinea. The next equally indisputable fact, not denied, is that the! Griffith Government also licensed vessels for the South Seas. The Premier was good enough to name the dates of the licenses. It was a mistake, diplomatically considered.. It is not in proof, wehelieve, whether or hot any of the vessels licensed by the Il'Ilwraith Government went to New Guinea, but it is in proof, and it is not denied,that somelicensedby the Griffith Government did go to that country. And just here n cruel inference presents itself. It is this, that it is passing strange if vessels licensed in September, 1883, did not go to the country named, hut that vessels licensed in December of the same year did; It must he kept in mind that the change of Government took place in November. Men spending their lives in the South Sea Island trade do not know much about Governments; they know less about changes of Governments; and yet'we are asked to balieve that in Sep tember of a given year, some of them, having received licenses, conscientiously abstained from going to a certain part of the great area- to the whole of which they were entitled to go'; but that others of them,. receiving, similar licenses in December of the same year, wickedly went there. ; • • There is an explanation why the first licensees ';were . 'so good. It is that the Premier of ■ the day gave them careful instructions not to go to New Guinea/ under , threats of pains and penalties,' such as ' that if they went lie would turn them into logs of wood or something of that sort. The inference we are invited to draw • is that under the new Governinentno such instructions were given, no such threats were held out, and that some wicked mariners took an evil advantage'of the- good-natured fellows then : in power.' There are two indis putable facts which throw douht on this situation.. One is that tho issuing of these.licenses was a purely departmental matter. : It is impossible to conceive that any change for the worse took place in tho formalities! observed, any more than there was in tho' manner of issuing rail way time-tables or of selling stamps at the pigeonhole window of the post office. One declines to believo that there was tbe ghost of n difference between the forms of licenses issued in September and thoso of similar documents issued in De cember.. The other fact affecting this statement is thnt the Premier now admits that he did not read reports of voyages made by these vessels. Ho left that task to the officer' in charge, who it is quite certain; never performed it; whilst Sir S. W. Griffith was then, as ho, is now, notorious for his persistent activity and care in reading! such records, and was certain', ! therefore,': tp find out. all about , any. had; .cases. Is .it likely, if .these captains: are the clever fellows they , are said to be,'that they would be so scrupulous in their conduct under Sir Thomas ^M'llwraith' and so reckless and wicked under Sir S. IV: Griffith ? Com ment is unnecessary; This only, remains to bo added, that it is unfair, to use no stronger term, to speak of the atrocities, wliiph undoubtedly were perpetrated, as having happened under "the Griffith regime." If there was any "regime?' about it, surely it belonged to the former Premier. The M'Hwraith Government had a certain way of- doing a certain thing. Their successors continued to follow - that order. So' far as' licensing vessels was concerned,-from first to last they were licensed hv the Queensland Government of the day without regard to the particular persons in power; the practice was established by Sir Thomas hf'Ilwraith, and until there was time for ships to return,' reporting themselves in forms which Sir S. "W". Griffith could examine, let it he admitted that no one in power knew: what had taken place, what nameless horrors had been per petrated. Now for a few words about the Baid nameless horrors. What was said against Sir S. W. Griffith during the elections, and of which he complained in the House on the 15 th instant, was that the' said horrors happened in connection with ships licensed by himself. Sir Thomas ll'Il wraith said this that night; said it was true in fact and comment. It was true and it was false. It was true that the ships' companies complained of were licensed under, the Griffith Government. It was false if the statement was in tended to mean, as:it was during the elections, that the Griffith Government had done something different from what their predecessors had done, and that the kidnapping and murders which took place were natural consequences,: and such consequences as had never happened under the former Government. Some' of the persons who made these assertions knew full well what the character of the trade always had been. Sir Thomas ll'Ilwraith now admits that there was a difference as against himself; that he never read ships' , reports, but that he had found since his return to office, that Sir S. W. Griffith did. It happened instantly on his reading them that he discovered the horrible state of things. Only the law less persons now petitioning for the re prieve of the Hopeful criminals venture to deny what was done or to' justify it. On reading these reports, and discovering what had taken place, Sir S. "\V. Griffith was not alone in supposing , that similar things .had happened before; and he was justified in saying that those" brought to light, had happened under a system long carried-, on by the H'Hwraith Govern ment. There are persons who know that most atrocious crimes were perpetrated over a course of years preceding the times of the Hopeful voyages. Their perpetrators could be named if necessary. To deny it is a piece of falsehood and hardihood, of which only a few persons aro capable. It was also a natural thing to say that the; ll'Ilwraith Government were responsible for the system. They had long carried it on, and they neglected sources of informa tion which might have opened their eyes. The Premier says he did not deem it his duty to attend to details, and he kept an officer who did not deem it to be his. Between thtm the character of the South Sea Island trade remained unknown until Sir S. "W. Griffith, displaying a greater curiosity to understand the affairs of his department, discovered the real nature of the recruit ing trade. let it now be admitted that he licensed certain vessels during, the j first six months of his administration, that their crews really did all that they are said to have done, and rather more; but it is a parody on history to charge these atrocities against his Government, and to hold guiltless the Government which preceded his, and under which the system grew up. It is grotesque to suppose all this; and much more to suppose that the entire trade waB pure up to November, 1883, and that it suddenly became what we all know it was, so bad that the world cried shame, excepting a few individuals who were interested in these crimes, either in their perpetration or in the benefits derived from the'' horrid traffic, and who, with a strange incon sistency, are trying to prove, at one and the same time, by one and the same class of facts, that the Griffith Government did a highly criminal thing in allowing a horrible trade in slaves to be carried on by murderers, and at the same time to: show that the men caught red-handed in these crimes are persons highly deserving the Queen'spardon. 