' Spero Moliora' (To the Editor of the D. D. Gazette.) Mr. Editob, — Soino ono signing as abovo makes a poor attempt at wit in ths Chronicle of Thursday. If Spero .continues to write uonsenso I shall bo ploasod to read it, but if ho tries to bo droll I shall suffor acutely. Sporo Melio R'.A, descends to that common placo criticism which attacks a wntor s com position on tho lawyer's principlo, that ' when you havo no caso you Bhould abuso tho plaintiff.' By your leave, Mr, Editor, 1 will reply to Sporo, as ho deserves, by using his own words. I quote from his letter ns follows, 'advoca- ting a reconstruction of the defunck Musical Union.' Now, Spero, reconstruct implies using the old materials for building up tho newsociety; hut the materials are scattered ami somo of tlioni would bo uhcIcki in tho now society, bocauso they would not amalgamate in the Musical Union, neither will they in a Philharmonic. The Musical Union died of inanition, and its owu members signod the articles of dissolution. Sporo Meliora would liko to know the meaning of a Bontoncc which ho qnotos from tho Gazette, viz. ; — 'A general celebrated of musical taste. ' Spero may substitute cultivation for celebrated, and so get what ho desires without guessing. ' Judging by certain words, such as 1' oxor cisos,' 'analysis,'' birching,' Icancludo that Spero is a schoolmaster; not a edn of old Squoers, surely, under tho nnuio of Spero. Again he quotes, '?' When time is broko and no proportion kopt,' ns being language offeimvo to bis erudition., I wonder would ho .modern izo Shakespeare, arid render 'To bo or not to. ho' as 'Is this thing to. occur or is it not to bo tolerated ?' Perhaps, his education ignores quotation marks. A. 'leather medal' is sjg gestedos a potent 'remedy' for a ' co'ti. plaint,1' Does Sporo mean a porous plaster ? Agoin 'Sqneors' tulks of '.' construe' and 'prizes,' and sneors at Sacred music; bo must bo a secular pedagogue. : Iii his sarcastic way I find him asking another question, first ejaculating 'Shades of tha post !' which being modernized rnny be rendered, ' Ghosts of our grandfathers, ' ' What does Philharmonic menu 'i'- says he. My dear bny, unbircbed but ripo for flagel lation, jthilos is Groek for a . friend, and 'unwuuia in also Greek for concord. Now,, tho lato . Union was a gnthcring of musical ' people' so , wo wore told, but in nPhilliliV 'monic Society wo hope for friendly treatmont and concord in action, as woll as harmony of sounds. How could dear old Squcors object to ' Hamlot' when he so unceremoniously invokes 'Shades of the past,' and talks glibly of 'resuscitation,' 'dead heads,' and' 'skilly,' which lost maybe short for skeleton, or fan it bo slang ? Spero suggests 'influential committees,' which may be interpreted, get yonr officers beforo you form a society. Some of tho late intlucutials were of opinion that a little dance music would bo preferablo to the late Union's best efforts. Toowoomba has within herself all the eloments of a good Philharmonic Society, and Sporo would do well to offer a better plan instead of throwing cold wator on your proposal, if he really wishes to eneourago musical cultivation, but to cavil and pooh ! pooh 1 those willing to do their best is not generous. If ho be disgusted with musical circles in Toowoomba, let him suhsido and not even cry ' Spero Meliora.' If Sporo in his classic reading has ovor come across in tho original, ' those who live in glass houses should not throw stones,' ho may reflect on the following quotation from the Chronicle of Thursday, within a hands breadth of his own signature. ' All present sat down tn a splendids repast.. .and tho way it was partooh of, &c.;' Now splendids is simply a typographical error, but splendid affects the eye, and repast affects the palate ; so splendid repast is simply bad English. Then tho sentence, ' wa3 partook of,' would be better English if written, ' the way it was partaken of.' And I have no doubt that the old Squoers after supper would ask tho boys 'jhave you partaken of tho brimstone and treacle, boys ?' and would not ask them ' if they had partook of tho useful mixturo?' O wad some power tbo gif tie gio U3 To seo oursels as others seo us ! Yours, &c;, ; . PnnnATOioNic. 