LOCAL NEWS. The Extea Sheets op the " Mbecubt."-The third sheet of this day's paper contains-Advertise- ments ; Poetry, " Drifting ¡" Continuation of New Tale " The Romance of an Inheritance ¡" Original Story by "Arab," "Bartholomew Branigan and the Ghost;" Cricket; London Wool Sales; The Band that Would not Play.-The second sheet con- tains-Advertisements; A third Interview with the Old Colonist ; Anthrax ; Sporting Gossip, by The Vagrant; Footba'l; District News-Miller's Forest, Dungog, Stroud, Branxton, Muswellbrook ; " Our First People ;" The Chinese Minister at Washington; Editorial Article; Original Corres- pondence ; Messrs. Wolfe, Gorrick and Co.'s Premises ; Mercury Junior ¡ The Ornithorhynchus Paradoxua ; Late Cablegrams ; Cost of the Centen- nial Celebrations ; London Commercial Telegrams ; Parliamentary Proceedings ¡ The Farm. " Sydney Punch."-The first number of a now series of Sydney Punch is to hand. The contents are very poor stuff indeed. They possess neither wit, causticity or smartness, and the cartoon is a namby-pamby imitation of an old London Punca pioture. . The best part of the publication is Clint's title-page, which has some spirit and variety of illustration. We cannot prophesy for this jester either a long or useful life, unless it improves materially. The number before us is indeed notable for one thing : it contains no word either insulting or untrue respecting Sir Henry Parkes. The small wits of the metropolis and elsewhere so inevitably use the Prime Minister as a stock subject foi mendacious or offensive remarks, that a satirical publication eschewing that line of comment is quite remarkable. But perhaps we judge prematurely from the evidence of a first number, in respect of both goodness and badness. " Brushing " Fences in Juhpino Contests. Just previous to the late Maitland Show Mr. G. T. Loder suggested to the committee of the Associa- tion the advisableness of having the fences for the jumping ''brushed," i.e. covered with small bushes on the take-off side in order to cover the timber, but the idea was not adopted. The majority of sport- ing authorities are in_favour of the plan, and we can speak from experience that horses rise better and bolder at an obstacle covered in the manner suggested. Mr. Loder sends us the following clip- ping fromthcilusiralasian bearing on thesubject: The great fault of the Flemington fences is their sameness. There is neither brush nor water. Why, it is difficult to say. There is an opinion abroad that some hidden influence had the water jump abolished, and that the same influence prevents the fences being brushed. If moderate horses can negotiate water without accident at Moonee Valley, we cannot see why superior animals should not do so at Flemington. All the principal steeplechase jockeys are in favour of the fences being brushed, but the members of the V.R.C. committee are deaf to their appeals. Next week, at Casterton, where two steeplechases will be decided, the fences will be brushed. The system is adopted also at ElBternwick-park, Ballarat, and at Caulfield, and it is notorious that at all of those places the horses jump quicker and better than they do at Flemington. Mr. Stamp informs us that at Bendigo the bruah will also be introduced, West Maitland Polick Couet^T^ not a single case for disposal at the wÍ7"<l police court on Thursday, which wLm ^"<ï satisfactory state of affaireT A W»^?^ justices were m attendance, owinstot I"1? < for the revision of the elector! roll tL"1* trates who should be in attendant. m5S> -Monday, May 14-Messrs Ws ?n«~eál* Lee, J Lee, W. H. Mullen ThWaT?01 « Messrs R Scobie, W H Smith Tn^'^ " A Wilkinson, and J E Wolfe * ""^ Revision op the Electobal Roll _0n n day a special meeting of the justices arwi "**? West Maitland police court was held A1,* ofjust.ee for the revision of the eTcÄfr the current year There u ere prosenA0",ot N Brooks, PM, A Wilkinson, JW A1' John Bowden, J D Prentice, Geo Nornfp?^ W Howell, J B R Robertson, and CMn> J's P The Police Magistrate waa eleetÄ* The roll had been collected with Ctiu'T Semor constable Kennedy, and discloapd7uiS"f ing facts The list for the v^nS^", 1773 names In the course^ colleS^ struck off, on account of deaths, removals fíL? district, ¿c , and 197 added wluR¡feS» numher up to 1879 The revision court; Ä ,' 10 names of persons who had died since ttm irr faon of the list, and made a few other "Ä ations The roll now contains 18G9 nara« inciease of 96 on that of the previous year " Mr Nicholson's Furniture Warehouse Mr Frank Nicholson, upholsterer, etc, who lately sustained a serious loss by the burning of his premises in High sheet, is, we are glad to say again in business, having re opened in premises adjoining Mr Buxton's, in High street. We are not aware if Mr Nicholson intends to make a per- manent stand at the shop pointed out, but it con- tains a fine assortment of the necessary articles for furnishing and ornamenting, etc The Tin Market-The fluctuating pwMaoffT which have been ruling for some time past Z beginning to injuriously affect many num. centres At Inverell, for instance, the fall m m4 is becoming a serious matter, as tmbnyeraoofti fields there have been instructed not to porch»« any oro at present If this state of things con tiniies the effect on business generally can cash fe -unatrined ' A Batch op Prisoners fob Mattiakd.-Qj hursday some sixteen prisoners who have been mtenced to various terms of imprisonment wa« rouglvt from Sydney and lodged in Maitland Gul 'nthe same day five prisoners convicted at tte scent sitting of the Maitland Circuit Court were orwarded to Sydney. Mercantile Buildino SociETY.-It will be íoted by advertisement that the West Maitland ujency in connexion with the Mercantile Building, ' Mid and Investment Company will be oonducted T Mr. H..G. Smith, accountant. High-street ; and r. W. G. Clack will be agent for the Company at ast Maitland. West Maitland Police Court.-Yosterday, tt íe West Maitland Police Court, before Messrs, I ndin, A. S. Browne, and J. D. Prentice, JAP,, itrick Arkins was charged with having Btolen t, amma, the property of Mow Sing. It seemed tat the Chinese had hia cart, which was laden ith vegetables, in a street, off High-street, and io accused came forward and stole a gramma, hioh was valued at 6d. He was subsequently rrested by Constable Fay. Accused, who said te as 'drunk and did not know what he was doing, lected to be summarily dealt with, and wa entenoed to bo imprisoned for 14 days with hard ¿abour in Maitland Gaol. When the vital system has been weakened-ma Wolfe's Schnapps to renovate it. When the lamp of life burns low use Wout'i ScHNArrs. It will give you a new life. Wolfe's Schnapps.-It has often been piratid, but never had a rival. When purchasing Schnapps specify Wofie's ScnNAPPS, as it is the only genuine Schnapps. Wolfe's Schnapps taken before meals is t wonderful appetiser. Try it. Â! Revision op East Maitland Electoral Li.$ -A court for the revision of the electoral roll for the electoral district of East Maitland for 1888-89 was held yesterday at the Court-house, East Mait- land. Messrs. Brooks, P.M., James Carlton and John Ewing, J's.P., occupied the bench. The lut contained 1266 names, being an increase on last year, One name was erased. The Bench complimented the collectors, upon th"1 evident caro which had been taken by them in compiling the roll. Senior constable Vizzard acknowledged the compliment. Ascension Day at St. Mary's Causen, West Maitland.-Very hearty services wore conducted in St. Mary's Church on Ascension day (last Thursday) by the incumbent, the Rev. W, H. I. Yarrington. The Church was prettily decorated with flowers, the principal artists in the work of adornment being Miss Laura Macartney and Miss Clara Wolfe, with whom, however, were associated many willing helpers. Mr. John Lee's garden at Leeholme supplied many of the finest blooms, and the chrysanthemums from Duckenfield wore excel- lent. The windows all round the church were decorated with pot plants lent by Mr. George Moore, who also supplied a handsome floral star which hung over the Communion table. Under the capable conduct of Mr. G. F. King, the nujsicanl singing were admirable. In the evening, the church clock was illuminated, and the sweet chime« were allowed to sound for ton minutes at a time. The services of Thursday will be repeated to-morrow (Sunday), and the floral decorations of the church will be freshened for the occasion. At the Thurs- day evening service, the congregation for &. weet night was large, and a collection for tho Church missionary society realised £7 3s 7d. The illumi- nation of the clock and the lengthened chiming will also be repeated to morrow evening. Cardigan.-Wo have been shown a painting ol the racehorse Cardigan, executed to the order of the horse's owner, Mr. James Chambers, by Mr, M. P. Barry, West Maitland. The work was made from a portrait of the Metropolitan and Hawkebnry Handicap hero, and the young artist has shown considerable talent in the treatment of the colors and outline, and altogether the picture is a very good representation of the not very handsome son of Goldsbrough. Wesleyan Foreign Missions.-During the week the Rev. Walter A. Davis has addressed meetings at East Maitland, Bolwarra, and Largs in connect tion with the Wesleyan Foreign Missions. The meeting at East Maitland on Monday night, was presided over by Mr. Upward, and the Esr. ¡a, Maddern submitted extracts from the general report of foreign missions, and mentioned the amounts raised in the circuit. Mr. Davis, aa on the occasion of his visit to West Maitland, delivered a very interesting address. Crown Landb Sale, Carrington.-We direct attention to the sale by .Messrs. Edwards and' Tighe, on Monday next, at twelve o'clock, at the Courthouse, Newcastle, of two allotments of Crown land (quarter of an acre each), fronting Denison street, Carrington. See advertisement- Commu nicated. w Building Allotments, East Maitiand.-We desire to call the attention of those interested » the sale by Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe, on the. ground, East Maitland, at three o'clock, raia (Saturday) afternoon, of two splendid building allotments in Brunswick-street, enclosed on three' sides with a paling fence. See advertitement. Communtcatcii. . ,, Combined Athletic Sports.-We would re- .. mind pedestrians and others interested that entrie» j for the events to be decided at the above gathering ^ on the Albion Ground on May 24, close to-mgM. -, Particulars are advertised ojsewhere. b East Maitland Annual Athletic-Spobtb.- -j PedestrianB are notified by advertisement tnai .; entries for the annual athletic gathe"ng.t?.tT. place at East Maitland on the Queen s Birthday . will close with the Secretary, Mr. JaB. H. Walle» . j on Thursday next. A liberal programme has bei« j issued. _, rrii« .', Good Templars' Hall, East Maitland.-/T Good Templars of East Maitland having acquitta an eligible allotment of land fronting Newcastle; street as a site for a Templars' Hall, it*"«*! , arranged that the corner- stone of tho,°u»Ja!?SX" be laid with some ceremony on the 24th May. _, Queen's Birthday. A tender has been accepted Mi raising the structure, which is to be of brick on 9> stone foundation. ¿SSSSÍ^ to. na-\ g to hand The ¡ /."íraUsian «W««"£e Klr¿ 0f the Sydney High ;onrn»limbhshedbyt^Rirg n khool, and Dr' .»ttT¿ progress of the wonder "hieh he mate.known the i^ ful work he 1»« a01"" , r ondou The following stares o ofB^ork " durm the month of activity ¿ÏÏaiotLrB 4118 book packets and DeM?bCL2ÏÏr containing either gifts for the parcels, the latter cu ticle° for our annual sale, Children's How sor Äcelg receivod matinga totolo 30,Wü^o^ : f d during thei month, or ana^ ^ m rcpIy 27j30 omittmff »ys kot3 md publications letters, and I--.»»" ufTCS 0f goods purchased together with JW P"<^ th j¿fflWj a total of tSn our sale room or tro« t ^ ,WS5Ó during ^'n«umi)ela 1DÜU(ío the Christ 5oC5 pCr,f r of WWW «»<l ^ bnt n0t T T11^ Tncaï Bus som, conception of tne actual work Ä the office will be arrived at Tv Usroreuií Premier -About hait-pasc * AN uwoy '-* election of two members pm.onthc dav of <«nc Saturday i^t) Sir t^&VAf;, and went out rS»? J Print ¿ate into Adelaide-street. He was 'i'^fK he left by the front door of the Cfclbu An he reached the street he was sur Kh ,'ji n «HM crowd, who pressed in upon SrfflSloÄral o? his supports Ground ¿im, anda few police and a mounted &&made; fruitless effoitsto release him from Ash. The sub-inspector suggested that Sir Samu "should seek protection in a cab which was S nf close by, bit I* declined fc> do so and Se Äe conclusion that it was better to return Ä polling-booth, which he reached by the way f the S-gronnd and the side gateway. In the dri 1-iround he was surrounded by several hundreds Ai ana the utmost efforts of his supporters ÜZ auttiorities just proved sufficient only to eSo him from the awkward position By con S pushing he was forced to the sid«¡gate of he school, and in this manner gamed the back entrance of the polling-place, where h,S friends «d to keep the crowd back untiHhe door was opened and Sir Samuel had passed inside. Sale at Bishopscourt, MoRPBTH.-Our readers will see elsewhere an announcement that Messrs. Brunker and Wolfe will, on May 25, at Bishops coart, Morpeth, offer for sale by auction the household and other effects of the Bishop of Newcastle. Catalogues will be issued prior to the dav of sale. . _ 