TO THE EDITOR OP THE DAILY TELEGRAPH. Sir,— If any cvidenco were wanting of th® otter incapacity of even leading politicians to take a broad grasp of tho general principles which should guide our land legislation it would be abundantly afforded by the debate which has just closed on Mr. Abbott's amend- ment .besides raising the ghost of Went- worth, the Premier has done little more than make a vindictive onslaught on Vic- toriau lessees of Western runs. His col league, Mr. Abigail, in his irrelevant remarks, demonstrated ouly his utter un fitness to discuss the question at all. And judging from tho tone of the speeches gene rally and the result of tho division it haB be come painfully evident that it is idle to expocfc wise and just land legislation from the present Assembly. But what prospect have we of better things in a future Parliament ? After all, the average representative only reflects (in a great degree at least) the ignorance and indifference of urban constituencies or the narrow class pre judices of country districts. Tako tho case of the Crown tonrS' and his relation to tbeStnte. What misconception and confusion of mind there is on this point even amongst the intelligent people of Sydney. There seems to be a feeling, a survival of old notions, that every "squatter " is a bloated aristocrat, drawing enormous wealth from the country at a nominal cost to himself. So he was, to a largo extent, a generation ago. But I unhesitatingly assert that as far as tho Eastern Division is concerned, the Crown tenant of fco-.day, as such, bears no more resemblance to the old- fashiouod Darling Downs, New Eng land, or Monaro squatter than the Dorsetshire peasant of the nineteenth century does to the British yeoman of 200 years ago, and that the pastoral runs as they wero be fore 1861 have becu as much changed as a roast turkey would he after six healthy free selectors had dined on it. There Is now literally no such thing in the Eastern Division, an n flrst or even second class pastoral rnn« Free selection has eaten out almost every available acre, and all that i? left to the Crown fwhat would Wentworth say?) mar truly bo described as a few reserve?, some small isolated patches of no uce in themselves and a mass of mountainous or barren country hardly mora valuable for grazing than the scrub near Manly. Of the old lessees many have been ruined .and have disappeared from view. The survivors are, for the most part, those who have managed io raise loans for the purpose of buying portions of land from the Crown or from free selectors, often at exorbitant figures, and who, owing to bad .seasons and low prices of produce, are now deeply, in many cases, hope lessly, in debt. They have no rabbit?, but bare to pay more than tho whole amount of tho legitimate stock taxes in the form of that odious impost tho ro-callcd rabbit tar, while the great monetary institutions and woolbrokers, who are far more interested iu tho rabbit question, go scot free. Then thore u the duty on rock salt (nearly 50 per cent, on the invoice value), which falls exclu sively on tho occupiers of tho poor and son? country of the coast ranges and tablelands. It is only m this fveetraiie colony that such a duty is known, except that in Tasmania there is a comparatively trifling import ou salt of about 5.». a ton. Sir John Robertson has always denounced this legislative device for the en couragement of flu he, but in vain. The poorer graziers — l>v far the most numerous— in tho Eastern Dilrision appear to have lost all heart and all power of resistance to oppression. Sometimes a feeble murmur is heard, but unless a high lee has been paid to a Parliamentary land agent the net result is a .-mile or a wink between the magnates of Bridge-street. Such are the people whom Mr. Garrett has by r. stretch of arbitrary power rack-rented. Nay, this does not half statu tho case. I know easea in which the annual rent recontly fixed by tho Minister is hirgeiyi in exce?3 of tua whole capital value of the land ! And this bu it remembered must be paid not only for tho present year but for the disastrous "seasons of Uv?o-«», when it was ii'npossiblo to make any prolit by grazing. The conditional leaseholders nre in equally bad plight, nud are abandoning' their leases in every direction, finding that tho threo years' rents which they aro now called on to pay arc vastly in excess of any profit which could possibly havo been made from tha laud since 18$ 1. It lias often been pointo.1 out that it is an, outrageous piece of public folly to creato tribunals in various parts of tho country beforo whom settlers may be dragged at groat cost o£ t nil f, money nud pence of inind, and from a distance perhaps of 6') miles — tribunals com posed of competent and trustworthy men! wBt> patiently examine every case, hold tbeir inquiries in open court and giro their deci sions in tho light of day and then, to suffer a Sydney official from whom there ia no appeal, iu the secrecy of his otiicc (not, Mr. WLo, "in the light of day" a; you think) to insult tho hoard l»v treating its decisions aa those of a del ating dub, anil having necessarily no personal knowledge of the various cases, to oppress tho farmer uud pastoralUl in any degree that his arrogance, his caprice, or tha r.ecttsaitles of his colleagues may suggest. This public anomaly Is iuaiilieu uud defended on tho ground that "the ultimate decision on question iu which the fiuaticial interest of the public aro largely concerned," should uot be entrusted to any men or body of men less able, wise, or- houorable . than a Minister of tho Crown. But why not extend this principle to the Depart ment of Justice? The liberty of the subject is as important as public finance, and- it is not easy to see why, under tho new gospel, Mr.' Clarke should not revise uud alter ad libitum tho decisions of judges who aro not respon sible to tho people and possibly corrupt. I am convinced that tha Augean sUblo in Bridge-street will never cleansed until Ministerial autocracy is abolished. In the first place it is hard to see how a Minister can posai-; bly, under existing circumstances, inuiutain a judicial attitude. A Minister of to-ay may be a Parliamentary land zgcut to-morrow, and vice versa, and the fact that an important division Is impending when members press their clients' claims does not tend to steady the Minister's hand when he is holding the scales of justice. But it is by no means necessary in support of my contention to impute corruption either in nmtivo or in action to the Minister personally. It is not the character or conduct of the indi vidual so much as tho arbitrary power with, which he is tveu now invested and which is. sought to be largely increased, that is at tho bottom of tho scandals, and, I may add, tho cruelties which have long disgraced tho ad ministration of the Lands Department. Many years ago it was found that a selector without wealth or influence, who did uot happen to be a pushing fellow, would apply in vain for jnstlco. in Sydney. He might writo and state an un deniable grievance to tho Minister with as much result ns if ho were to write to tho Queent while his wealthy neighbor who could afford to handsomely fee a Parliamentary land agont could secure not only the promptest attention to his legitimate claims, but almost any strain-, ing of tho law which his greed or his viudic- tiveuesa domanded. The fact is that the whole system has been for many years worked iu tho interests not o£ the general public, nor of the honest grazier,, but of the army of land agents. That there aro useful and honorublo men engaged iu thia vocation I am far from denying ; but there are others who, for a consideration, would under- tako any job, and tho Minister has not tlia time, if he had the inclination, to detoct each fraud. If wo wish to sec evenhanded justice done to the country and to tho pastoralist; if wo acsire to eliminate jobbers from our representa tive Assembly, if we aim at crushing tho tyranny of unscrupulous wealth and for tha first liino in our history shape and Administer; our land laws without favor to any and in fair ness to ail, then we must not be content to' refuse any extension to the authority of tha Minister: but, as regards his dealing with tho. discretionary power.— Yours, ic., E. P. Cooma, May 12. 