DRASTIC LEGISLATION. The autocrat of tho Logislatlvo Assembly seems disposed to give the House another taste of his quality. lie has caused it te bo announced that ho proposes to introduce a bill for the pre vention of disorderly and violent conduct in Parliament. The bill is to provido for the expulsion from Parliament, for three years' of any member wlio shall be guilty of a direct act of vio lence. It has long been known that whenever the Premier stops out of tho beaten path, and attempts to bo original, he always make a fool of himself 1 and especially does he do this when dtivUhig what may bo toriued penal legislation. Tho Treason Felony Act, which he rushed through Parliament about Uio time 0! tho appearance of the Kiatua ghost, is an illustration of this re mark, nud the measure now in process of conception is another. The reason is obvious. Sir Ueniit Paukes' nature is mean and vindictive, and it is constantly prompting him to indulgo in displays of savagery against _pooplo who give him real or imaginary oiTonce. Ills embryo bill proposes to imposo disabilities on belli gerent members of the Assembly that the tramera of tho Constitution woro of the opinion should not bo Imposed, oven on notorious criminals. This itself shows what a poor crcatnro Sir Hinby Pauses is, compared with Wentvtortu and tbo illHstrlona band who co-oporatcd with him In laying tbo foundations of respon sible Government in tho colony. If the hill Is going to bo introduced, tho Premier should moko It a complete thing, llo should Insert thorcin clatuos providing that no politician who compounded three times with his creditors should bo eligible for a scat in Parliament until five years from tho date of hU lost assignment, aud that every member proved guilty of iu- citing to disorder should bo excluded from Parliamcot for a year. If a bill with such clauses wcro passed, Sir Herat Paukes would bavo to retire immediately, and Messrs. Ikulir and Gauuett, thu two most successful promoters of disorder in the Assembly, would soon bo compolled to follow their chief into tho outer darknesa. 