^MMIOECOI.' BY KATHABINE BOCHE. ' Tom's widow is coming to tea this even ing-' , ?? ,?..'?'..:. .' My dear, don't speak of her in that way. Tom's widow I there is something ghastly in the very sound.' 'You needn't be' afraid, mother; she never shall be my widow.' 'I thought you admired her, Tom ?' said Hilda. ; ' , ' ; ?' '. ' , 'So I do, immensely; she's the iolliest little woman I know ;- but I mean to leave a different sort of widow. 'One whoso appearance will bo better adapted to weeds ? 'One who will show a little more feeling when I am gone,' said Tom: 'Mrs Morton's husband can scarcely 'be a year dead, and yet she is the gayest and merriest of you all.' ' Hose, just imagine Tom's ideal widow ! A heart-broken creature, all crape and pocket handkerchief, who ,will be forever talking about her lost darling.' ' My dear !' said my_ mother again. ' The mater thinks it is unlucky to talk about my widow. How do you know it is not I that am to be the bereaved one, de wailing the loss of my -sainted wife, and expecting sympathy and consolation from my sisters ?' ' Well,' Baid Hilda, after a few minutes' reverie, ' I admit it does surprise me to see Ereda Mqrton? loving and warm-hearted as she certainly is, appearing to feel the loss of her husband so little.' ' Perhaps she disliked him.' ' Bose ! disliked 'dear Mr Morton ?' ' ' Oh, that is merely a little conventional way of speaking of him ; she evidently, con siders it the correct phrase. It is quite com patible with indifference, if not dislike.' ' I think she wasfprid of him,' said Hilda. ' She avoids speaking of him, as if it pained her to do so; sometimes even her voice seems to choke when she mentions him.' 'And at other times she makes the most flippant remarks about him and his tastes and habits. She certainly is a puzzle to me.' ' I am sorry you do not care for her, Tom'; I often thought how_ pleasent it would be to have her as a. sister-in-law.' , t ? . , 'Your visions may be realised without victimising me.' ' ' Do you mean Edmund ?'. 'I do; I think Edin'uhd is very much smitten, and that she knows it, and does not object.' , ' I never thought of that,' said Hilda ; ' they never seem to speak to one another.' ' No, but when either speaks to any one else, the other listens. Watch, and you will see.' 'I would rather she was married to you than to Edmund.' 'Sorry I. can't accommodate you. Good bye, mother, I'm off.' .-„.?' ' Are yon coming home to tea, Tom ?' asked my_ mother. ' Certainly, mother. I would not miss Mrs Morton on any account.' Mrs Morton and her sister, Mabel Heath, had now been settled in Longmcde for some months. They brought letters from an old schoolfellow of Hilda's and mine, who was now married . and living in Liverpool. Mabel Heath and her sister were dear friends and neighbors of hers, shs wrote, and she was very sorry to lose them, but they had now no reason for remaining in Liverpool, and their means being diminished by their recent loss, they were anxious to find some quiet country place where they could live economically. She had advised them to try Longmede, having heard much of it from Hilda and me, and feeling that she might trust to our kindness tomake them welcome The letter was hastily wretten, and seemed to take for granted that the ciscumstances of the sisters were already known to us. However, this was Ethel Fordham's way ; her letters were generally somewhat incoherent. So Hilda and I went at once to call upon the new-comers, whom we found established in pretty rooms in the house of the late doctor's widow, who had managed to retain her old home by letting part of it. ? . We were somewhat suprised to find both mere girls, Mrs Morton, although in reality the elder, appearing the younger of the two. They were in striking contrast to each other, Mrs Morton being small, fair, arid childish looking, while Miss Heath' was tall and somewhat stately, with dark hair and eyes. Both wore deep mourning, Mrs Morton's very becoming, little, cap constituting the chief difference in their dress. .? We soon became very intimate with both girls. They refused our invitations at first, on the plea of their deep mourning, but after a little time they consented to come to tea, and later on to a qniet game of tennis. Mtb Morton soon proved herself an excellent player, and she and Tom fraternised over the game.! Tom made no secret1 of 'his admiration for her, and Hilda and I soon decided that it would be very pleasant1 if Tom's widow, as we have begun to call her, were to become Tom's wife. -Now, however, Tom's manner, even1 moire than his words, put an end to this castle in the air, leaving a. new field of speculation in the suggestion he had thrown out concerning Edmund. . Edmund was a surgeon, and had been for some years on board ship. :He was now at home, recovering'from a somewhat severe illness, and looking for suitable^ employ-, menu on snore. ? xio wua iiir nuiuLer uuu more reserved than Tom, and the possibility of 'his being attracted by the pretty little widow' had. never occurred to any of us. Now, however, enlightened by Tom's hint, we watched him closely, and before the close of the evening.. had discovered that Tom was right, aud that Edmond was absorbed in1 studying' her; every movement and listening to her every word, while she, oh ? her part, was fully conscious of ?' his admiration and did not, ap parently, dislike it. It was rather a disappointment to us, as we should have preferred her marrying Tom. However, we resigned ourselves to the inevitable, and be gan to speculate on the course of events, and make plans for. Edmund's future, with ?Mrs Morton as' his wife. Oneday, not long after this, we called at Mrs Morton's lodgings to ask her and Mabel Heath toijoin us in a walk. ' -:.?? ' The ladies were upstairs, the servant said, and she asked us to wait in the draw ing-room while she went to seek them. The drawing-room door was partly open, and we went in without making any noise. Thers was a deep' bay window at one side of the' room, ? looking into' the ? garden ; ? it was partly screened off by heavy .: curtains, arid contained a writing-table and a couple of basket chairs. We did not at first b«- ,ceiye that- this recesswos -tenanted, but presently we saw, by means of the reflection m.an opposite mirror, that !Freda Morton was standing by the :table arranging the contents of her little writing-desk. Presently she took up a small case, evi dently containing a photograph, andlooked long and earnestly at it. Then she raised it suddenly to her lips and kissed it passion ately many, times.' ? . Hilda and I waited breathlessly for a few moments ; then I moved across the room, and greeted Winifred as though we had but just come in. She ,came for ward to meet us, her radiant, smiling .self, although I could see there were tears in her eyes. After a few minutes she went up stairs to put on her bonnet, and to look for Mabel, and then Hilda' and I stole over to the table on which we could see the little case lying where Freda had put it down. Our first feeling was surprise at seeing the photograph of a young man, having al ways supposed Mr Morton to have boen middle-aged, if not elderly. Indeed, -we had inferred as much from various little speeches made by the girls. _ We were so absorbed in the contempla tion of the photograph, that we did not perceive Mabel's entrance until she stood beside us. ' Oh,' she said,' so Freda has shown you that. Is hs not a handsome man ?' 'Very handsome,' I said. 'What a ter rible grief his death must have been to Freda?'- ? An odd sort of look came over Mabel's face. ' People get over such things,' she said, after a pause. ' Was he fond of Freda ?' ' Exceedingly fond of her and she of him. But here she is— as her step was heard, on the stairs. 'Put down that picture, Rose.' And Freda came in, dressed for walking, in her coquettish little widow's bonnet. ' How cool and comfortable you girls look in your hats !' she said. 'I think I must get one too, and leave off this horrid bonnet. I'm sure, dear, Mr Morton would not like me to get sunburnt. Would he, Mab?' 'You know best,' said Mabel shortly. ' I certainly think you ought to get the hat,' she added after a moment. During the walk Freda was the gayest of the gay, laughing and talking inces santly. As we parted from her at her own door, she said: ' So Mabel tells me that you have seen my husband's picture. What do you think of him.' I muttered some commonplace about the portrait, in the midst of which Freda suddenly snatched away her hand, which she had left in mine, and ran into the house. One day my mother and I were sitting at work in the drawing-room, Edmund being seated, book in hand, in a low chair, which was partly concealed by a couple of tall palms. Suddenly Hilda burst into the room in a state of the wildest excitement. . 'Mother, Rose — whom do you think- I have seen just now at the post office. Dear Mr Morton.' 'Do you mean his ghost ?' 'I mean himself m -the flesli — asking where Miss Heath lived. He has a pleasant voice.' ' But, my dear,' said my mother, ' didn't he die ? Die of- an illness, I mean ? Was he lost at sea, or anything of that sort ?' ' I never heard particulars of his death,' said Hilda, considering. ' I believe he was a sailor, so probably he was lost at sea. Anyway, he is in Longmede at the present moment.' ' How do you know it is he ?' ' Rose and I once saw his photograph. I could not mistake him ; he is a striking 1 looking man.' ' Could this be his brother ?' ' Don't you remember Freda once telling us that she had no people-in-law ? Beside, this man lias a slight scar across his forehead, which I also noticed in the photograph. Noi no, it is dear Mr Morton. I wonder if Freda will be glad to see him?' she added, significantly. Then I suddenly remembered Edmuud, and glanced in his direction. He was very pale, and the hand that held the book trembled. AVhen my mother and Hilda had left the room, he said — ' Rose, I shall go up to London to-night, and try if the berth that was offered to me on board the Venitia, is still to.be had. I wrote a refusal yesterday, but by going up to-night I may still be in time, to pro cure it.' 'Must you go Edmund?' ? 'I cannot stay here,' he said; ' and I think life would be more endurable at sea than on shore. Come and help me with my packing, Rosie, there's a good girl.' Edmund went to town that night, in spite of his mother's remonstrances, and Hilda and I remained devoured by curiosity concerning the Mr Morton. We debated as to whether it would be right to call, but disliked intruding. However, on the third day, having heard nothing, either of Mrs Morton or her newly ?found husband, we decided that it would only be kind to call, and were just setting out, when a ring came to the door, and in walked the two sisters, accompanied by the original of the photograph, displaying a foodly length of limb in addition to the aridsome bearded head with which wo were already familiar. Mrs Morton was still in mourning, but had discarded the widow's bonnet, and wore a small straw hat, similar to Mabel's. My mother went over to Freda,' and kissed her affection ately, speaking some words of congratula tion, and then turning to the stranger, greeted him also, addressing him as Mr Morton. ' My name is Heath,' he said, in a quiet, well- bred voice; and then Mabel, seeing the look of blank astonishment in my mother's face, struck in — ' Our brother, Mrs Leslie. Just come home from Australia.' ' Your brother ! Winifred, my dear, I beg your pardon. I am so sorry for haying dis tressed you,' for Freda was sobbing hys terically,- .with, it seemed to me, more laughtor than tears in her voice.' 'She is distressed because she is ashamed, Mrs Leslie,' said Mr Heath. ; !' I have, come here to-day to insist upon both my sisters making full acknowledgement of the decep tion they have practised upon your family, and.to,beg that yon will kindly make it known to any one whom it may concern.' , 'Deception ? ' ' Winifred's passing herself off as awidow. She is not married.' ??-??,- : 'Not married! then Mr Morton — -' 'Is a myth. The girls fancied, I believe, that living alone they would have more / -freedom if one of them were a widow, and Winifred, being already in mourning for my grandfather, whose recent death had left them homeless, bought a widow's cap, and called herself Mrs Morton. The .false post tiononceassumed was not easily abandoned) although it led them into more absolute deceit than they had at all foresoen. They now wish to explain, the matter to you.' as their chief friend in Longmede, and to ask your pardon for having deceived you.' . ? ' The deception has not affected us much,' said my mother. 'Your sister would have been quite as welcome hero under . her true name. How did such a plan enter your head, Winifred— what suggested it to you ?' 'It was only on our way through London that I thought of it,' said Freda. ' Mablo and I went into Jay's to buy hats, anfl, while we were choosmg them, 1 saw a little widow's bonnet on the table, and I tried it on. It suited me exactly, and Mablo said, ' What a pity you are not really a widow, Freda I you look so nice in weeds,' and if you were, we should both be far more in dependent that we can be as young ladies.' The idea of pretending to be a widow came into my mind then, and I thought it would be good fun. Mabel did not like it, but: I made her consent. We bought a widow^s cap and bonnet; we were already in mourning for grandfather, and I determined to call myself Morton. . It really is my name — Winifred' 'Morton Heath. We talked so much to' each other about Mr Morton, that we : came half to believe in him. We did not understand at first how difficult it would be to keep up the pretence', or how many lies we should have to tell. I was many a time longing to tell you the truth; but 'I was afraid. 'lam sorry you did not, my dear,' said my mother gravely. ? However, that cannot; be helped now. Did you expect your brother?' . ' No, not at all. His coming was quite a surprise. He walked suddonly into the drawing-room, and found me in a widow's cap'— she laughed somewhat hysterically. ' You must have been startled, Mr Heath?'. ' I was somewhat startled at first,' he said, ' and when I learned the truth I was shocked. I did not think either of my sisters would '.have been capable of such systematic deceit. I was determined that I at least would be no party to it. Thi» ?visit is also to say good-bye, Mrs Leslie,' he added. ' My sisters accompany me .to London this evening. They will scarcely find Longmede a pleasant residence,, once the truth is known. I am remaining in England for a year, and for that time,, at least, they are better with me. I cannot understand,' he added, ' why you were -bo ready to assume that I was — the late Mr Morton,' with an expression that made him, for the moment like Freda. ? : ' We saw your photograph,' I said hesitat-* , '.Did she show me as Morton ?' he asked, his face darkening. 'Mabel did* ' I beg your pardon,' said Mabel's grave voice: 'You assumed that the portrait was that of Freda's husband, and 1 did not con tradict you. You were very much struck by the photograph, I remember, and rather scandalised at Freda's having survived her loss.' It was now my turn to look confused under the amused scrutiny of Mr Heath's brown eyes. The Heaths soon after went away, leaving Hilda and me much saddoncd, both by their departure and the manner of it. ' Poor Edmund ! ' I said ; ' what a pity that he was in such a hurry ! I must write and tell him the truth. Perhaps he has not yet finally arranged to sail in the Venetia.' ' My dear,' said my mother, very ener getically, ' I would rather a thousand times that he. sailed in the Venetia than that he married that deceitful girl. Her conduct shows a want of honor and principal such, as I should be sorry, to see in Edmund'B wife.' ? ' ?.; Nevertheless, I thought it due to Edmund to let him know the state of affairs. The only notice lie took of the communicar* tion was a postscript in his next letter to my mother : ' Tell Rose I received hers of tlie 22nd.' We -heard nothing of the Heaths after they loft Longmedo. In the surprise and confusion of our parting, we had forgotten to ask them to keep us informed of their movements, while. they probably felt chary of writing, under the circumstances.' .'.j . At. the end of ayear Edmund comei home,, looking older and browner,. his quiet re^ served manner suiting him better now tha»- it did in his. more boyish days. He had bought a practice in a little town on the south coast, and intended settling there. The first time he and I were alone he askea if I knew anything of the Heaths. I wn« somewhat ashamed to. confess that I did not. ; [ ? . '° 'You and Hilda imagined yourselves, attached to those girls,.I believe. . ,' . ' So we were, but mother was so much ?annoyed at the deceit — — ' ; : 'A mere bit of childish masquerading undertaken without considering the conse quences. I do not know how you cau call it by such a harsh name as deceit.' , 'I have often felt sorry since that wo did not ask their, address. Do you think you could find it out, Edmund ? r ;, ' I have found it out. I met Australian friends of Heath's on board ship, who gave it to me.' '?'{?? ' Have you seen them ?' ? ; ' Not yet. I came first to my mother.' ' Give me the address, and I will writ© to Freda.' ' As you did without news of them for so long, you can exist without it . a little longer. You shall have the address soon.'- Edmund went away in a day or two ,on business, and about a week later there came a letter announcing his engagement to Misa Heath. ' Poor mother was in great trouble at the news, and we had considerable diffi culty in persuading her to look, upon the former escapade as more childishnoes, and not as a sign . of innate depravity. .??!? j ? :-. . A; little before; the wedding, I went to / -r stay with the Heaths at Kensington. Freda, ,?' /, '.'C / was looking pale.and thin, but very happy.. . : ' Rosie,' she said,; as soon as she had got me into a corner; by ourselves. ' I' have1 been punished for my deceit all through the past year.'- .??:.'..-? ' ? 1 ' Punished ? ' ? ' I have been so unhappy. I thought: he was as disgusted with me as the rest of you,, and that. I should never see him again.', -.' 'Then you loved him all the time?' - ' Yes. I ? used; to think I . could ._ never care for anyone. as much - as I did for .y-. ? Richard, and now 'Mabel 'is going with ''/ s Richard, and I anvstaying behind.' x'--~~/ s ,' My mother did not go to Edmund's -wed-, -diag f but she was very kind1 and nffectio-i *riate to Freda, when the young people came : ?tostay -at Lbrigmede.' 'She confided to me, ?ihbwever.'that she 'could never look at her ?daughter-m-law without remembering' -the. 'widow's cap in which she' had first ' seen ?her. . ''? ? ?? - -i ? '?'. ' It seems to me an omen,' she said. : That was many years ago, however, ' and no- shadow of .the widow's cap has as yet fallen on Freda's golden head; - The gold is ?. stiU undimmed,- I believe, but this ?lorily Tinow from hearsay, riot haying seen my sister-in- law since the' day on which I; Rose Heath, sailed from ?' Southampton '?' with ?Mabel and her brother. '-'??'?'. V','' ' ' '? 