BRISBANE. [FROM! OU OWN CORRESPONDENT.] Monday, February 13. New Guinea will shortly be proclaimed under British sovereignty, and the oeicials entrusted with the Government of the new colosy ate already on their way thitbher. Mr. Anthony Musograve, jun., who has received the aplpointment of Colonial Secretary of the new Britishl possession, leaves Brisbane, this week, for Port Moresby. Dr. Macgregor, the Administrator of the Government, is at pre sent in Fiji, but expects to receive the neces sary instructions from the Imperial Govern mceut within six weeks, and will then lose no time in getting to the seat of his new duties. In regard to the dispute in connection with the East WVard eolecion, an application was made bufore ,is Honour the Chief Justice, in Chambelrs, on Friday afternoon, by Mr. Real, instructed by Mess-s. Thynne and Goertz, for a s'ule nisi, with thIe obiect of ousting Mr. Robert Porter, the sicessful candidate, from his oflee as councillor. The rule nini was granted, calling upon Robert Porter to shlow acuse why be should not be ousted on the ground that the vo:es in favour of Mr. Wmn. Macnaughton Galloway, which were rejected, should have been received. The order carried cotts, and thie matter will come on for hearing before the full Coert to-morrow. "'4lY Secretaly for Rlilways has received the report of the Chief Engineer for the Southern and Central Division of Iasiwvays on thie com plele.;on of thie railway fitom the Grego:y River to ?ndalbeg, g, and hIas approved of the line being opened for public traffic on the 20th in stant. This line, 1 may add, gives through comamunication from Gympie to Buudabe'g. The Secretary for Railways has issued in structions for the making of the approaches to that "historic" bridge at Clermont. The Clermont Municipal Council are going to con tribute £100 towards the cost of the work. A number of young ladies have initiated a movement for the formation of a library for the patients in the Brisbane Hospital. The hospital committee have approved of the idea, r.nd have set apart a room for their use. They will meet there once a week, and dole out the books to patients desirous of " killing time" in this manner. The charitably-disposed ladies solicit books and subscriptions from the public in order to make their venture a suc cess. They are going to request the railway authesities to allow a box to be placed at rail way stations, into which passengers may de S,sit books they have finished reading, and which are of no further use to them. In the Sydney Infirmary there has been a similar libeaty in existence for several years, and it has been attended with great success. It is to be hoped that the movement here will meet with the support and encouragement it de serves, as the object is a most wo',thy one. There was not much fuss over the appoint ment of our new Mayor on Saturday. Evi dently all had been "cut and dry" beforehand. When the Council met, at noon, Alderman Heal proposed, and Alderman Forrester seconded. that Alderman iouthall (of the firm of Southall and Tracey, builders and con tractors) be the new Mayor for the municipal year of 1888. All were in favour of the choiri, and Alderman Southall was duly in stalled in the coveted chair. He returned thanks to the Council for his election, and promised to do his best, with the assistance of the other members of the Council, to serve the ratepayers. It was formally announced that ex-Alderman Galloway had protested against the election of Alderman Porter, and had re fised to take back his deposit of £5. The Council then adjourned till to-day. 3r. Southball is a thorough business man, is de servedly polpular, and will, no doubt, discharge his important functions with credit to himself and the Council. It is not likely that the appointment of a Mayor for the newly-constituted borough of South Brisbane, which takes place on Wed nesday next, will he managed so quietly. If reports be true, " they all" want to be Mayor. My piivata opinion is that the position of honourlies between Messrs. Luya and Stephens. I don't think old John Hardgrave will have a " ghost of a show," although lie is pro bably of a different opinion. I notice that the Sandgate Council have re elected Alderman Hiram Wakeffeld to the Mayoral chair for the ensuing year. This man gave a banquet" straight away." There were about thirty present, including tile Ven. Archdeacon Matthews, and "LLeflunant Cullnel" Adams, with his "specs." There was a good deal of" spouting," but it was only of local interest. \\\The following persons have sent in .enders, to the Works Department, for the construc tion of a new police station at Harrisville: Andrew Anderson, James Headlands, Sidney Ash, Thomas Christie, Green and Marshall, W. A. Mastie, James Loyals, John Doyle, and John Byers. John Doyle is the lowest tenderer. Messrs. Pole, Outridge, and Co., the well known firm of printers, entertained their em ployees, families, and friends, to the numbser of about forty, by a trip to King Island, in the steam launch Mabel, on Saturday, in celebra tion of the issue of the thirtieth volume of " Pugh's Almanac." Mr. Pole was presented with a beautitell -illuminated address, expres sive of the kindly feeling existing between the firm and its staff. In the course of a speech, Mr. Pole, after giving the history of "Pugh's Almanac," took occasion to remark that he had never discountenanced any of his employees joining a society, but that be did not believe in discharging a competent band simply be cause lie declined to join a society. A chapter of accidents happened on Satur day. A boy, thirteen years of age, named Chiasles Stewart, was fishing on the bank of the river, near Mo:r's patent slip, Kaugaroo Point, at about 6 o'clock in the evening, when lie evidently slipped off the rocks into the river. Thei poor little fellow called lustily for help, and his cries attracted the attention of the Icw Flarm ferryman, who saw the boy struggling in the water, and pulled over to him as expeditiously as possible. By the time begot to thie spot, however, there was nothing to lie seen but the unfortunate boy's hat floating on the surface of the water. The body was recovered, at 7 o'clock this morning. asbout fifty yards friom the spot where he had fallen in. A painfiul and serious accident betel Win. J. Husband, storekeeper on board the Ii.J.S.N. Company's suplpllementiy steamer Duke of Argyll, about 11 o'clock on Saturday morning. At the time mentioned lie was just emerging from the hold of the vessel, and had reached the last rung of thLe ilon ladder communuicating with the main deck, when, by sonie means, he missed his hold of the combing of the hatch, and fell backwards, to the bottom of the lower hold,adistanceof 30ft. Assistance was immediately at hand, and, when the un fortunate man was brought up on deck, he presented a terrible spectacle. His face was reduced almost to a pulp, while blood was streaming from his ears and nostrils. He had also sustained a compound fracture of the left thigh. lie was removed to the hospital with all possible care on a mattress, and re mained conscious until his arrival there. The injured leg had to be amputated above the the thigh, and the operation was successfully performed by Dr. Jackson, the resident sur geon. The unfortunate man, who is a native of Southampton, and is forty years of age, has a wife and two children in London. There is every hope of his recovery at present, the only thing to fear being mortification. At 11 o'clock the same night, just such an other accident occurred on the same vessel, the victim in this instance being Charles Clarke, a eumper. Clarke fell 14ft. down the hold, in precisely the same manner as Husband. He sustained an injury to his back, and was bleeding profusely from a severe cut on the head. The doctor of the ship examined him, and expressed the opinion that, although he had been severely shaken, he would be all right in three or four days. He is'a single man, and was removed to his lodging, where he was attended by Dr. Thomson. '?lhe tender of Springall and Frost, of your to'wn, for the construction of ten covered goods watons for the Maryborough Railway, has been accepted by the Railway Department. Their price is £540. The Minister for Lands has given instue tions for the immediate survey of three blocks of land, in the Roma and Mitchell district, for the purposes of village settlement. These blocks were selected by Mr. Jordan during his recent visit to those districts. The German barque Fritz has just arrived from New York. She brings a full cargo of " Yankee notions" and 7700 cases of kerosine oil. J. W. Rutteir, the detaulting Mayor of North Rockhampton, was adjudicated insol vent, this mornieg, before Mr. Justice Hard ing, in Chambers. The first meeting of creditors was fixed for the 1st of next month. 