novelist. 'GLADYS.' A ROMANCE OF THE SPRING TIME. BY M. SI. B. A lovely morning in spring, wlion you . seem to see tho trees growing and the ? flowers opening to tho sun — all nature is bo bright around that you always feci a' reflection of its warmth in your hoart, and a song of thanksgiving rises ioyour )ip3, for die fact of life, and tho blessing of good lioalth to enjoy it. i ? A garden lies beforo us, sloping grad ually to tho .river, and filled with all the sweetest perfumes of bud and blossom — an' old-fashioned garden — wliore the Lent lilies bent thoir graceful heads, aud tlio tall narcissi shared tho honors with monthly roses. A pretty house, of tho cottage typo, though built with plonty of space at com mand, nrid,sliowing outhouses and stabling in its rear, bespoke the inhabitants to be sufficiently blessed with this world's goods to' live in comfort, at any rate, if not in absolute -luxury. Seated under a' spreading sycamore, with some dainty embroidery in lior hand, was a girl of surpassing grace and beauty ; ono glance at tho puro oval of hor1 face. at tho, doop gray of lior eyes, anjd the gbldon brown of her hair, 41 sunning oyer with curls,' to say .nothing of her supple figuro and taper hands aud feot, and you would not feol surprised, to hear, wlVat was indeed a fact, that Beatrice ConwAy had .been 'the boauty,' cxccllcncc, of tlio last three seasons, Thoro was, however, a tinge of melan choly in tho wistful droop.of her rosy lips, which suggested the fact, that though an heiress, as well as a beauty, she w'as not entirely happy or free from caro. : Flitting about from shrub to bush, and from blossom to berry, as fancy alone dictated, and gradually tilling tho baskot Bho carried iu her hand with all the spoils of the garden, was another girl. The.two wore much alike, but this one .was younger, brighter, fairer, and evi dently happier than her cousin, for such was, the degree of' relationship between tho two. ?: . Beatrice, : the elder cousin, - was tho owner , of tho pretty -cottago, where also dwelt her aunt and cousin Gladys. An almost sisterly affoction existed betwoon the two girls. Up to the present moment, Gladys had boen the chief spokeswoman, but tho con-, vorsation had been somewhat desultory and interrupted, owing to the fact that slip always found it difficult to remain' long in one place, and gathering flowers afforded a splondid exercise for perpetual motion. Now, howover, slio came and settled henyjlf on tho grass at her cousin's ?feet, and with a- little . sigh of contont bogan to ariango her spoils. Beatrice continued the' conversation as if no interruption had taken place. 11 It is all very fino for. you to talk, Gladys, just because you happen to be engaged to tho best fellow in the world — tho best ' catch' of tho season — a hand some man, and ono .who, besido all. thoso advantages, is as madly in love with you, little cousin, as if those wero tlio days of chivalry, and you wero an onchanted princess in a moated castle. ' He has only one serious fault that I know of, and there's no denying thatjio is frightfully, unreasonably jealous,' ? ? 'It's tho only thing that provents our lovo story being as common-place as a cook's or a housemaids,' poutod Gladys, ' but 1 am alwaya hoping that something may turn up to arouse his jealausy, but you know,' confidentially, and with a quaint little, sigh, 'I'm bo dreadfully in love with him, that I don't think it over can, for, Beatrice, I'm sure I could novor give him evon tho Slightest cause — ' 'Oil, jealous peoplo don't wait for causo,' interrupted her cousin ; 'but I trust you will nover find this out, Gladys. ' 'I don't mean to deny that I'm a very lucky 'girl,' continued Glady's, as if olio had not heard, or, at any rato, hoedod tlio interruption, nnd holding up a bunch of \- creamy roses to see how thoy harmonised with her cousin's dress, and faduning them in' her brooch in a kind ofT»ron thesis, 'or that Olaude is not the best and . dearest fellow in tho world, besido boing, I know, quito too good for 1110 ; but I am sure, Trixy,' coaxingly looking up into the older girl's faco to try to get her. to agree, ' it would have been much wiser and much moro romantic if I10 had hap pened to be an artist, and worn a velveteen coat, and—' / ' Yes,' laughingly, ' yo3, my dear coz, much moro romantic, but not one-half so convenient.. It was becauso my lover, (Denzil do Liale, was poor,- that Aunt . Catherine forced mo to reject liini. Don't ? «vcr think,' Gladys my dear,' Bpoaking vory tenderly, ' that, the most romantio surroundings can ever' reconcile you to saying 1 good-bye ' to one whom you truly love. I shall nevor forgot. Denzil, and if only I could soo him once again, I could thon dio happily.' ' Nonsense, love,' said Gladys, putting hor arms round her cousin, and kissing her affectionately, ' don't talk about dying in this glorious wcathor ; lot's think of something happy and bright, liko the sun shine,' gathering all tho flowers into a big buncli. ' Claudo said ho'd bo down about twelve, and take us both 'up tho rivor fish ing. Ycb, Trix, as you Bay, I'm a lucky girl, and, after hearing your sad romance, I don't think I shall over want ono of my own ; but, _8till;~you must allow that povorty — mind, poverty without rags; I distinctly object to rags — povorty is bo much more romantic than having all tho luxuries of lifo and a few over. 'My dear Gladys, I trust you wijl always have them ; you woro made for tho sunshine. I can't imagine you with a great sorrow, or oven a great love, although doubtless you'll go through life quito re spectably without either. \- This was said in a joking manner, but whon Beatrice saw tho rosebud mouth be ginning to pout and tho brown oyeB All with tears, she drew her cousin tenderly to her side, and finished in quite a serious manner. - 'Gladys, darling, whonover I look at your bright face and think of your happi ness, I always feel so thankful you aro able to marry the first man you ever cared for, who is in every way worthy of you — you musn'tmind mo, dear. You will under stand now why I am sometimes sad and melancholy. I am going into tho house j shall I bring your hat, doar ? ' ' Yes, or a sunshade, or something to keep oho from boing burnt black as a crow.' ' That wouldn't be at all romantic, would it, Glady's J ' 'No,' with a merry laugh, 'not at all j and I don't think Olaude would like a blackamoor fora wife, dear Trixy,' watch ing the graceful figure till sho disappeared into the cottage. 'Well, I don't wonder at men falling |n love with Beatrice, I Bliould myself ; it's quite a delight to mo to watch her face, and I'm not a man, or I suppose it would be more so. I'm quite proud to bo hor cousin, and for peoplo to pretend that t hey see .a family likeness- between us is certainly very amusing. I would do any thing in tho world' for lier— -only I'm awfully glad Claudo didn't liko her best, bocause I don't think I could give him up, oven to Beatrice. But,' with a puzzled look, ' if he had liked lier best, I donft suppose I slfould havo had anything to do witli it. Well,' with a shake of tlie head, ' I don't know anything about that all I know is, that it would break my heart to part with him. Now, if I10 had been poor, I could have proved my devotion by—' . ' . But tlio rest of lier meditations wero out short by a hand being laid over her eyes.. .With a little shriek of pretended dism.iy, Gladys jumped up, scattering her flowers, to right and left.' Her faco looked very rosy as she hastily released herself and stooped to pick up the blossoms, exclaim ing in tragic tones,— ' Oh. Olaude. how vou frit/htoned ma ! ' Frightened you, sweetheart? Why, what a clumsy brute I must bo. But there, nevor mind thoso flowors, Ladybird, I'll take good caro nobody else frightens you while I am here.' Ho took hor in his arms and bostowed a dozen kisses on hor lips. His is a stalwart figuro, of six feet one or two, clad in tho lightest of tweed Buits. His big blonde board and flaxon hair shono like threads of gold in the sunshine. His bluo eyes rested withdeeploveand admiration on the dainty figure I10 held ill his arms.' After a few minutes given to lover-like demonstration. h§ nenfruJi Irimsolf on the grass bnmiitiAiJiiyihRsIp ta»e, and drow Gladys down by liiB side, possessing him self of ono small hand. ' And now toll me what you wero talk ing about when I came.' Gladys blushed a sudden fiery red as sho recollectod tlio 'wish that was on hor lips. ' Talking 1 Was I talking 1 What did I say ? ' ' Well, I only heard part of a sontenco, it was this : ' I could have proven my de votion by — ' ' - ' Oh,' with a nervous littio laugh, ' I suppose I was -'rehearsing a speech for our private theatricals, Claude.' Private theatricals, indeed 1 Now look horo, Gladys,' in a very masterful tone, 'I won't have you talking about your de votion to any other fellow hut ino. How do I know if you talk about it but what you may fool it, and thon,' lugubriously, ? ? what is to bocomo of mo ? No, no, sweot honrt, talk as much about devotion to me jjs you please, I am open to as many con fidences on that subject as you liko to mako, so firo aivay, I'm ready.' ' Nonsense, Claude, 'said Gladys, laugh- ing in spite of herself, ' as if ono could make love to order, liko a dress, or a coat, or boots. ' Well, nonsense or not, private theatri cals are the vory mischief, and put non senso into girls' hoads. I hato all such exhibitions 1 ' ' But, Claudo, you- know its for a charity, and you know—' ' ' Charity- bo hanged 1 Charity, should begin at homo, and I believe its' vanity that makes all you womon so ready to ox hibit yoursolvos to bo stared at at so much a head, under tho guise of charity. You'd think it precious hard linos if you'd got to do it for a living. ' 'Now don't bo disagreeablo, You know Beatrice lias promised, and you know all the placos aro bookod at double prices to see tho lovely Miss Cameron, tlie beauty of tho last three seasons, in all the latest confections that Worth has promised to send for tho occasion — ' 'All woll and good, if Beatrico likes to, do it, and hor aunt, your mother I mean, soos no objection ; but recollect you'nro my property now,' looking at hor with proud possession written , on every foaturo of- liis liandsomo, manly faco. ' And I won't have othor follows staring at you, and' talking about you — discussing you as if you woro a pieco of statuary, or, the last hew picture. ' Now don't look so disappointed, darling ; I I can't boar to see that dow on my 'roso,'; kissing away tho tears which rollod down lier cliooks liko twin diamonds. ' Listen,' Gladys, we'll golfor a long rido instead, right away into the glorious country, all alone, by our two solves, instead of being shut in a close, stuffy room. Oh ,my ditrling,' in a low, tender voice, drawing her to him, ' you can't think what pain it would be to me to' hear my own little lovo discussed at tho clubs aB I hear so many other follows' sisters and sweethearts talked about, I think it would kill mo, Glady's, to find that you had over had a secrot from mo. I know I 'should never forgivo.you, if I found you had deceived mo.' ' . He was strangoly agitated and spoko Btrongly on so slight a causo, but Glady's rememberod for the first timo ainco their ongagoinent how sho had heard in tho early days of thoir acquaintance that Claudo Meredith, before ho inherited his uncle's wealth, had boen jilted by a cer tain lady, and how ho had only thon ro-. turned from his long sojourn abroad. She,, too, was quito in earnest whon bIio an swered him. 'Deceive you, Claude — why, how could I ? I lovo you too well. Now, don't bo silly, sir. I ought to bo vory cross with you ; you never lot mo havo my own way — not a littio bit.' ? ' Becauso I know you liko having my way best — now confcss you do ?' 'I shan't confess anything of the kind,' said Gladys, perversely. 'Ah, but I know you do,' with a wise Bliako of tho head. ' Well, of courso, if you know, tliere'8 no moro to bo said.' 'Whore's Beatrico 1' he lazily inquired, after a slight lovorliko pause. ' Oil, Claude,' she continued, in a sor rowful littio voice, 'she's just boon tell ing mo' tho very saddest love story I ever heard ; and, what is sadder still, it is every bit true.' ' Her own 1' quoricd Claudo, moro in terested in picking tho bits of moss from Gladys pink dross, than in over so pathetic a story concerning her cousin. ? ' Yea j that's tho reason she has novor married, and ' — in an awe-struck whisper — 'sho nevor intends to be, because she can't forgot D — ' At this moment a loud ring was hoard, nt which Claudo jumpod quickly up from his lazy attitude, and heaved a big sigh. ' What a nuisance ! 1 forgot all about it, but I asked a follow to come down to day and go fishing with us — you know dear, it must be awfully dull for Beatrico to watch us spoon, and she'B vory good to bo so little obtrusivo, but yot sho must feol dc trop, at any rato I know sho is just ono too many, so I thought I would got a follow to join us,- and mako a quartctto' instead of a trio, or rathor a couple of duets— don't you think it i? a good idea, pot?' 'Oh, capital I Only it's no good ; Beatrico will nevor love again.' Well, at any rate, Denzil will onter tain her ; he's tho best follow in tho world —only canio back from India last wi'ek. I ran up against him in Bond-street lust night ; wo wore delighted to moot again — wo used to bo the groatest chums in tho world; Denzil and I.' ' Denzil 1 What a protty name it sounds strangoly familiar,' murmured Gladys. ' What's his othor name ?' 'Do Lisle — Dotizil do Lislo. : Why, Gladys, what is tho matter for Gladys had sprang to her feot as if by an electric shock, and now stood looking, .flushed and eager, at her tall lover. ' AVhat namo 1 Say it again, Claudo,' clutching at lvis arm aa ho was turning aside. 'Denzil de Lislo. Do you know him ?' — this lattor in quick, suspicious tones. ' Why, how odd you look 1' ' Do I ?' laughing nervously. ' No, I don't know liim — I havo hoard tho namo — nothing more.' 'I don't understand ; what do you moan 1' laying a detaining hand on her shoulder. ' Nothing/' disengaging herself, 'lot mo go ;.I will bo back directly. I -must tell Boatrico with ' which series of words, jerked out one after the othor, she fairly took to her heels and ran to the house, leaving Claudo looking after her in angry amazement. Ho made a stop to follow hor, but thought botter of it, and took out his cigar case, lit a fusee, aud tried to quiet his impatieiice with tho soothing influence of a picked Havana. Tho following sen tences broko from liim between tlio puffs of his cigar : — 'I never saw Gladys so odd before. Now, if I woro a jealous kind of follow — I repeat, 'if I were jealous,' this last was very emphatic, accompanicd by kicking a small pebble, in to tho river, 'I should swear this was some old lover of hers ; but it can't be. I'll novor boliove my Gladys, my little white dove, could so de ceive me.' Here he took a quick walk along tlio miniature terraco which overhung the river. -.'No, I don't believe it, and yet, how else account for hor suddon agitation at the mention of Donzil's name 1 it was that which so affocted her, I'll Bwear — ah, horo. comes tho follow himself ; I'll - tackle him going to meet him. ' He's d :uced good-looking, quito one's beau ideal of an ofiicor and a gentleman. Ah, my dear fellow,' a3 tho two men mot and cordially shook hands, ' you've found us out. Tho girls will bo very glad to soo vou. What a jolly day for a row, isn't it?' ' Yes, grand ; but I'm afraid tho fish won't bite ; the sun's too bright.' '0)i, tho fish aro only an oxcuso. Thoro 's ono of tho prettiest girls 111 tho world to spoon. Oh, you necln't shako your head and try to look solemn; wait till you'vo seen' her. I'm sure Mrs. Con way — ' \- ' Conway 1' interrupted tho other man quickly. ' Did you say Conway Claude's fftco grew somewhat shadowed, as lie answered, — , 'Yes. Do you know her ?' 'I kuew Mrs. Conway onco — a very protty giri. Has sho a daughter ?' 'Oil, yea;' eagerly. 'Gladys is — ' 'That namo — it must bo the same.' Ifo turned to Claudo and holding out his hand, said, 'Do you know 1 havo searched everywhere for that girl for the last two years, but liavo beon unablo to hear of her? Lady Cutlierino Lennox is hor aunt.' , ' Sho w;is — didn't you know that sho is doad 1 But, toll mo, old fellow; wliatdo you know of Glady's ? Whero did you see hor? When?' i ' She is the only woman I over loved.' rejoined the othor. 'I lovo her still, though Heaven knows sho treated mo scandalously. Wo wore 0 vory wlicro together for. a month.' I follwed hor liko hor own shadow ; sho smiled but .on mo, though then I was poor and sho snubbed others, mou who wero rioli artd titled—' 'Gladys, aro you suro it was Gladys Conway T' . ' ' Suro.' Do I know my own faco in tho glass ? Not bettor than I know hers. Why,' man, though I havo not soon her for so long, put but a pcncil in my hand, and I will draw hor faco, foaturo for foa turo,' and lino for line, as'fair as it' was falso. She fooled me to tho top of my bent, and I was mad onougli to think Bhe loved mo, whon in tho spring sunshine she pressed her lips to mine and told mo that nothing but doatli should part us ; and thon that vory evening to writo flio cruel words sho did, saying slift was already pledgod to Hugo Banltsidp, that I must forgot her ; wo had boen very foolish, but it was essential that she should mako a woalthy marriago, 'I cursed her in my hoart, nnd left London that night, England tho next weok, aud only returned from India tho day beforo I mnt you in Bond Street. I had just loavnod that Bankside is still unmarried, and I made up my mind tliat I would search for Gladys and hear tho explanation of tho seoming mystery from her lips alone ; and now you toll mo that she is here, nnd still unmarried. Oh, I shall go mad with joy, at tho thought of seeing hor so soon, with the liopo that yot Bhe may bo mine. All, I felt sho could nevor have beon so oruel, so falso. I always know thore must have been somo strango mistake, some — ' ? ' ' Yes, as you Bay, thoro had been somo mistake, butyoumustexousome — so sorry — just recollect-n most important engage ment — you will wait hero and sbo her. Gladys, Miss Conway — give that to hor, I must bo off at once. ' During thoso disjointed sentences, Claude had scribbled a fow linos in his pocket-book and thon torn out tho leaf : he hurriedly folded and handed it to Major do 'Lisle, who observed, for the first time, tho exceeding pallor of his face. 'Are you ill, old man? You look as if you had soon a ghost.' ' No, all right, thanks, it's only the shadow from tho trees ;' with a faint laugh soo you again soon. Good by.' And with .quick, decided stops, he was gone. 'Really, that is too good of him, to mako himself scarco like this, good old fellow, but I fancied from a'word or two that ho dropped tho othor day, that I waB to bo introduced tllis morning to the future Sirs. Meredith, but I suppose I was mistaken. Well, I'm awfully obliged to him, anyhow, to give mo a clianco of see ing her liko this. I wish sho would eomo, and yot, I dread to think of it,- if I should bo mistaken again. Ah, my darling, I did not know how entirely I loved you till tho thought of seeing you again lias so unnerved me ; but I must' not meet her with a. gloomy faco. Ah, hero she comes 1' ' . . , And tho strolig man actually trembled with suppressed excitement, but the light footsteps he had hoard was only Gladys, who felt slightly disconcerted to find a strangor thoro, and no sign of Claudo what ever. Sho advanced, however, in her pretty fluttering way, and hold out a tiny hand, which Major de Lislo took and cordially pressed, for although this was not the rose, doubtless' she had beon near her. 'Major -do Lislo, I prosumo ?' said Gladys, in hor bright young voice, and as she spoko, sho could not help thinking what a goodlyraanthisloverof horcousin's was. - . Ho .was tall and slight, with a well proportioned and well-built frame, which looked remarkably onduring. Tho facon'as thatof ainan wholiadthoughtandsullered; clear olive skin, and waving dark brown hair, and heavy, drooping mustache, kindly, deep brown oyos, that womon, littio chil dren and animals always trusted at first sight. A clear mellow voico repliod to Glady's question, whilst a smiling light camo into lm dark eyes. ' Yes, that is my name. I came hero by Claudo Meredith's invitation, and now as ho has been unexpectedly ro- callod to town, I must introduce myself. Ho loft this noto for Miss Conway.' Gladys looked a3 ho folt, truly as tonished, but held outlier for hand the lot tor. After a.preceptiblo hesitation it was given to her. She put it into hor pocket at once. Claude gone— without saying good-by: How strango ! You don't know me, Major de Lisle, although you .aro vory familiar with my name. I am Gladys Conway, the second.' Ho started perceptibly. ' Tlie Gladys Conway you know is my cousin, but you will nover seo her more. All, forgive mo,' seriously, 'I did not mean to alarm you. You will seo my cousin almost immediately, but under an other namo. Oh, how stupid I am I N.o, sho is not marriejJ, but hns changed her name to Beatrice Cameron. It was a fancy of her godfather's, who left her a largo fortuno 011, that condition. Strango to say, she told mo, only this morning, of her friendship. with you throo years ago. Of course, I do notknow your history, but I am quite suro,' with a charming sniilo, ' that oho whom Gladys loved must bo worth loving.' ' Toll mo only ono thing; is Gladys still free ?' I10 pleaded. ' 1 As free as air — or rathor, I Bhould say, as free as a woman can bo who is bound up in a lovo story throo years old. She is moro lovely, more loving and more loved than over; but I am porsuaded sho. will 'never marry — that is, I mean,' with a little questioning look at hor companion, 'sho will nevor marry unless you ask her again. I am certain thoro must havo been some mistake. Do you think I ask in idle curiosity, but for my cousin — for Gladys' sako — I ask you straightforwardly, why yon sent her that cruol letter, and bog you to tell mo the truth.' Sho waited in breathless sileuco, whilst a long sigh escaped him, but ho answered hor tlion, with those honest brown eyes looking earnestly into her ten dor ones. - ' Why, I could do 110 other, whon she herself wrote that it was all a mistake, that I must forgot hor, as I10 was betrothed to Arthur Bankside; on account of his wealth and position. AVhat could I, tho penniless subaltern in an oxpeinsivo regi ment, reply to such an appeal ? Could I hold hor to lior word. so lightly given, or ovon did I do so, would sho consent to bo so hold1?' It almost broke my heart, and totally shattered by bolief in woman's dis interestedness. I loft London that night, and England as soon as I couldmako tlio exchange. Can you fancy what footings of Tantalus 1 had, when the first letters I re ceived from lwjino told 1110 of my accession to wealth aiiir estates of which till that moment I had novor dreamed.' 'But slio — Gladys— novor wroto: that lo'tir you speak of ; it 'must havo. boon AuntlCato — Mrs. Lennox. You know sho ? was vory proud of Gladys in a way, nnd had deterintned sho should mako tho best match of tlio Boason ; but Dr. Banksido didn't propose till tho day after you. loft town, and Gladys refused him point blank then, and lias lcopt on refusing him., over since. Of courso Aunt Kate was furious, and packed lior off, thon and thero, back to us, to tlio old houso in Cornwall, whore wo had lived all our lives, and continued to do so till, two years ago, whon ,.old Squire Cameron died, and left his god daughter, Gladys Conway — your Gladys, you know — ton thousand a year, and his estate in Ayrshire, tho only proviso being thut Gladys should tako the namo of his mother — Boatrico — and add tlioroto his own patronymic of Camoron ; so that is tho whole long Btory told in a fow words. I, will leave Trix to fill in the do tails ; but now — aro you not dying to seo hor? Confessnow, 'added tholight-liearted girl. , 'Yes, indeed I am ; and can I seo her — now— at onco ?' 'Yes you shan't bo kopt waiting long, I will go at once and find Beatrico and send her to you, Will you come into tho houso, or seo Boatrico hero ?' ' Hore, if she will come.' 'I am suro sho will ; so, onco more, nil denperandum,' and with a happy laugh, tho girl disappeared. A moro serious look flitted across tho somowliat sombro faco of Major de Lisle, and then a look of hope camo into tho brown eyes, tho thoughts in his brain wero too many to remain thoro unuttered, and camo forth in dreamy musings. 4. His musings wero broken by a voico speaking just behind him— the ono voice in all tlio world to him. ' Gladys told m0— Oil. Denzil 1 at last. ' Tho latter portion of tho sentence' was spoken in his arms, with her head, as I10 had so often dreamed of it, on liis breast. One passionate kiss, wherein all tho lovo and longing of years seomcd to find expression, and slio lay quite still, with the tears coursing down her face. In vain he tried to kiss them away; but sho said to lot hor weop, it did lier good. Tho paroxysm of weeping soon spent it self, and Beatrico smiled up into her lovor's face; 'Now tell 1110,' sho said, raising hor lioad a littio from' its resting-place, and clasping ono of his brown hands in hCr two littio whito ones. 'Now tell me, Denzil, how did you find mo ? When did you eomo ? Why didn't you coino beforo, II a?o wanted -you so much.' ' My darling 1 and I you— all tho timo. When I received that note from you—' \ ' Noto 1 what note? I never wroto to you beforo you wontawayDonzil. Why should I ? ' wo Baw each other every day.'-' 'Seo, darling, this lottor, with your monogram on it.' ' I nover wroto it, Denzil— nover,' she interrupted. ' But how was I to know that ? I had .never soen your hand writing-cven. ' ' Oh, Denzil I And after I toVl you how I loved you !' \ 'Ah, dearest love, I ivas mad Wdoubt you ; but thoro can bo no truo love with out joalousy, and did I not know evcryono would onvy 1110 my pearl, my flower ? When I reccivod that cruel noto from you — as I thon thought— I was stunnei), brokon-hearted, and wontta India at oucc, and have boon thoro till six weeks ago—, when 1 was invalided home. ' ' But my letters, jDonzill You got tliora surely ?' sho said. '? 'Never a lino, and for a very good roason. I. loft Btrict orders that no private ? correspondence was to bo frowarded. All to be burned without tho seals being broken.' . 'All ! that would account for it, then,' returned Gladys. ' Well, thank Heaven, we havo met at last;- and all owing, indirectly, to that good fellow, Claude Meredith, whom I met yesterday, in Bond streot. Ho asked mb to run down and go fishing to-day, and' as I was sick of my own society, I accepted tho invitation, littio thinking I was com ing to find my wife 1 With anotlior pas sionate cmbraco. Say, darling, is it not so — you will not mako mo wait long '(' And Beatrico Cameron, who had not a spioe of coquotry in her nature ; lifted her sweet, shy eyes to .his face, whereon shonu a mixturo of admiration, love and worship for the slender figure ho hold in liis arms, and answered, — ' Whon you will, Denzil, I am ready.' It' is needless to say lie' thanked her in lover's fashion, and, after a short but bliss ful pause, olie said, — * 'But whore is Claude, and why is lie gone off in such a hurry ?' ' Ho. suddenly recollected some very important business in town ; at least, that was his excuse. But my own opinion is that, liko a good follow, I10 wanted to leave tho coast clear for 1110 to explain matters to you. Ho gave me a note for Miss Conway, which he hastily scribbled in his pocket-book, and then tore tho leaf out. Naturally I thought he meant you, nevor dreaming that thero could be another Miss Conway in tho world, and neither can thoro be such' another one my darling.' 'Silly follow!'' rejoined Beatrice, the rosy blushes mantling her fair face, and tho lovo-light deepening in hor dark-gray oyos ; thon, as a'suddon thought- struck hor, ' but tell 1110, did you mention my name — say anything about our former meeting V' 'I boliove I did toll liim of our former relations, but — ' ? . 'Thon ho thinks of courso, it was Gladys,' sho interrupted, quickly ; ' my cousin, tho girl. you saw just now — and he has gone off in a jealous liufl'. They aro only just engaged, and are as happy ns possible ; indeed, I think his only fault is that I10 has a very jealous nature, nnd I've hoard him toll Glady's Boveral times ho'd novor forgive her if I10 found she had kept a secret from him. ? Silly, jealous follow I Why, Gladys loves liim with all her heart, nnd I don't bclievo sho could keep a secret for half an hour, poor little darling ; no doubt sho. is breaking her heart ovor tlio mutter, somowhero. What is to bo done, Denzil ?' ' Whore do you think ho's gone? I'd botter go and oxplain things to him, and bring liim back I' said Denzil. V l'vo no idea, but you might go to the station, it isn't .far, and lie's sure to go up to town by train ; tit least I should imagine so. Wo must not let this bo a second edition of our story, Donzil, must wo ?' nestling closor to-him. ' Ko, indood, my darling,' he said, onco moro taking hor in his arms ; 'your cousin . looks but a frail littio mortal, although she's so bright. Hore sho comos, poor fchild, looking distressed onougli I you'll comfort hor, whilst I ir/ to find tlio runaway. I won't be gouo long, dar ling.' 'Ah, Denzil, how sweo.t it is 'to have you again to confide my troubles to 1' 'Yes, indeed, sweetheart; wo havo much to bo thankful for ; but [.trust, my pot, you will have fow sorrows and many joys to tell me of in tho future.' ai ' 'Anyhow, dear, wo shall boar them to gether, I liopo.' ' Woll, I'm off now. Au rcvoir.' And lifting his hat to Gladys, who camo insight at that moment, he hastily left tho garden 011 his way to the station. Gladys came quickly towards her cousin ; slio was looking palo nnd agitated, nnd there wero teardrops still glistening 011 tlio long eyelashes. Sho hold a noto toward Beatrico, looking nt lior piteonsly whilo sho rend it. ' What dobs it mean, Beatrico?' sho said. Tho noto read as follows :— ' I leave you forever, I should nover ltavo beliovcd your apparently open and oliild-liko naturo could so havo deceived ono wlio trusted you so implicitly. If you had only told mo of jour lovo for.Dcnzil do Lisle, I would havo dono everything in my power to bring yoa togother. Ab it is, fate has beon kind and brought him horo. I will not reproach you with a singlo word. ' All I say is, may you bo happier than you doserve to bo. 'Claude.' ? ' What does it all mean, Trix? What have I done ? How have I deceived him ? What can ho mean ?' sho moaned. (7a he continut-i.~) 