MISCELLANEOUS. The Hind marsh Corporation is going to borrow £2,500 to pay ofi its overdraft. A son of Mr. Courtice has been drowned in a well in the Wirrabara Forest. The Broken Bill Mine gives direct em ployment to 898 hands. The gross wheat yield of Victoria is esti mated at 13,773,500 bushels, or an average of 12.81 bushels per acre. The Duke of Manchester performed the opening ceremony of the Broken Hill Tram way on Thursday last. Bush fires have been raging at Wagga, New South Wales, and several selectors have been burnt out. The Government reoffers a bonus of £10,000 for the discovery of a payable coal field iu the colony. Whoever invests one dollar in business should invest one dollar in advertising that business.— A. T. Stewart (New York). In a London law court a man was sum moned for the price of his wife's wedding ring. The evidence ia connection with the Gawler' police inquiry was finished on Saturday last. A little boy and girl on Thursday last fell into a creek near Armidale, New South Wales, and both were drowned. H. W. Bath has been committed for trial on a charge of embezzling £24 6s from the Adelaide Post-office. Out of 190 working men's blocks offered for sale at the Adelaide Land Office on Thurs day only 11 were disposed of. A farmer named Clancy, of Kerang, Vic toria, shot his son dead recently during a family quarrel. - Mr. S. Morcom, jun., who on the 7th inst. was run over by a trolly in Adelaide, died on Sunday in the hospital. The Hon. J. 0. F. Johnson (Minister of Education) has gone to the Northern Terri tory on an official visit. On Friday evening last a farmer named L. E. Lange was brutally assaulted while on his way to Price by a laborer named Thorgersen, who was arrested. Mr. J. W. Rutter, the Mayor of Rock hampton, Queensland, has been committed for trial on two charges of forging pro missory notes for £1,000 and £1,500 respectively. At Witchelina woolshed, 1G miles from Farina, 50 sheep and GO bales of wool, the property of Messrs. Raglass & Sons, have been destroyed by fire, the Joss being put down at £1,500. A branch of the Anti-Poverty or Land Nationalisation Society has been formed at Port Pirie, to promote ' a more equitable adjustment of the incidence of taxation, based on the principle of taxing land values.' The herring fishery at Yarmouth last year was the most productive since 1883, and remunerative prices have been obtained. The Scotch boats, of which 250 were engaged, made from £250 to £450 per boat. A sporting paper says : — At a meeting at Ringarooma, in Tasmania, the brothers Krushka wou all six laces. They were first, second, and third in two races, and first and second in two others. On the Broken Hill Mine it costs £2 10s Id per ton for smelting ore, while mining it coBts £1 3s 7d per ton ; total, £3 13s 8d. In addition to this, 2s 3d per ton must be added for wear and tear of smelting plant. The Register, in view of the probability of the Silverton Railway being insufficient for the traffic in the immediate future, advocates the laying of another pair of rails on the broad gu&ge.; The waste cuttings and stems of tobacco are now used in manufacturing paper pulp. They are much cheaper than waste linen rags; and the paper made from them is said to be as good as that from the rags. Two boys recently went out shooting on a station near Brisbane, and at sundown they were both found dead with shot wounds. One is supposed to have acci dentally shot the other and then committed suicide. Sir George Trevelyan's search for Mr. Gladstone's great concessions to the Liberal Unionists has been wittingly likened to the hopeful Yankee's search ' for a black hat on a very dark night, when it was not there.' The disgusting maggot-fly has made its reappearance in Natal this season in great force. It is happily unknown in this colony as yet (says the Cape Mercury). But in Natal it lays its eggs in exposed parts of the human body ; and these speedily hatch into worms. In Quebec the Salvation Army is giving great offence to the Catholic population — French and Irish. Matters have become so threatening that the army has had to sus pend its street processions. But it talks of 1 resuming them ; and an outbreak is feared. 1 Professor Mallet has analysed the ash from the volcano of Cotopaxi which fell over the surrounding country on July 23, 1885\. He has found it to contain one part of silver in 83,600 parts of mineral dross. This is said to be the first discovery of silver in volcanic dust. The Emperor of China's wedding gifts to his young bride consist of 70 horses with complete trappings, 1,000 pieces of satin, 200 pieces of cotton material, 200 oz. of gold, 10,000 oz. of silver, one gold tea ser vice, one silver tea service, and two silver washbasins. Mary Rees, a widow known as ' the godly old Polly of the cabin,' residing in Cwrtewydd, Wales, lately attained her 100th year, and walked some distance to church to celebrate her centenary. The aged dame is in vigorous health, and busies herself with spinning and knitting. Cider is rapidly becoming -the customary drink of the people in Germany ; and it has - attracted an immense importation of fruit from abroad. The railways were inundated, and the stations transformed into- fruit ' markets. The quantity of apples and pears imported is estimated at 1,692,000 centners, and exceeds the average production of the country by nearly 600,000 centners. The Register has been shown a circular, the purport of which is as follows : — ' A meeting will be held at the Railway Hotel on Tuesday evening to consider the advis ableness of asking the junior member of Pott Adelaide to resign his seat in the House of Assembly.' Surely the majority of Portonians are not tired of Mr. Hopkins eo soon. They have not yet given him time to distinguish himself. Uuderground rifle ranges are the latest suggestion in London. Experiments were recently made in some wine vaults 200 yards lone. At 100 yards one of the experi menters fired 10 shots in 72 seconds, and made a score of 48 out of a possible 50 — pretty good for gaslight. The proposal to establish several similar ranges, neverthe less, says the Globe, is rather startling. The dangers of the streets are quite sufficient already, without the chance of having a Martiui- Heury bullet popping up under one's feet. * An American paper has given this pre sctiption its warmest indorsement : — If yoi have a horse which is in the habit of kick ing, pat him in a narrow stall which hai both sides thickly padded. Suspend a sacl filled with hay or straw so that it wili strike his heels ; and let the sack and horse fight it out. Be sure to have thing; arranged so that the horse cannot hurt him eelf. The sack will be victorious everj time; and in the end the horse will absolutely refuse to kick the sack or any thing else. Mr. Alfred Carpenter, of the Marine Survey Office, Bombay, has observed Macacus monkeys on the island off South Burmah opening oysters with a stone. They bring the stones from high-watei mark down to low water, selecting such stones as they can easily grasp. They effect the opening by striking the base of the upper valve until it dislocates and breaks up. They then extract the oyster with the finger and thumb, occasionally putting the mouth straight to the broken shell. The way they have chosen is the easiest to open the shell. — Knowledge. Switzerland has 660,000 milch cowe, al! of native breeds, and divided into two sharply-defined races, the brown and the fawn or spotted. The fawn-color varies from deep fawn to mouse- grey, thia latter shade being held in most esteem. The brown race is short- horned, and considered as the original type. It corresponds with the remains found on the sites of the Roman cities of the third century of our era. The skulls of this race are identical with those found in the Swiss lake dwell ings. The fawn race, peculiar to Bern and Fribourg, is believed to be of Scandinavian origin. In the United States a movement has been set on foot to get up an Antarctic expedition in hot haste, so as to be the first in the field. It is very right that the Americans should be ambitious on the point, for their whale ships have already swarmed in the extreme south, and they may reasonably look for renown as well as profit from further discoveries. It must be confessed that the Australians have shown a great deal of backwardness, and, if they do not wake up, the impression will be pro duced that their talent lies in finding out M how not to do it.' — ' CEdipus.' Fleuro-pneumonia is unusually prevalent in the neighborhood of Geelong, and is more virulent than on any previous occasion. It is stated that in some instances fully 50 per cent, of the affected herds have suc cumbed to the disease. Among other places it has appeared on the Wincheleea shire common. A mob of about 70 head has also been found affected in the vicinity of Roke wood, of which six have been destroyed. Fleuro is also reported from Drysdale, Boort, Newtown, Larpent, Wycheproof, Ballarat, Windermere, and Cnndare. At Gundare 25 head have been destroyed. — Leader. An exchange says : — Among the remedies recommended for snakebite it is said that ipecacuanha is a specific for the bite of all South African snakes ; and if thil be true it should be worth trying for other sorts. There is a physician at Bedford, about 100 miles from Graham's Town, who gets credit for having introduced the new remedy with invariable success, but the story does not look as if it was very re liable. It is better, however, to try any thing and everything than to run the risk of a fatal issue. There should be some antidote to snake poison, and this is one of the cases wherein experiments with dogs and other comparatively worthless animals are permissible. There are about 20,000 human beings in India sacrificed every year to the do-nothing policy. An American journal records the follow ing ' ghosts' story : — The house of the late Mary Hale, on Four- and-a-half Btreet and Maryland Avenue, Washington, which has been secured to be used as a children's dis pensary, has lately been reported to be ' haunted,' as voices could be easily heard from within its untenanted walls, and the cry of ' Mamma,' ' Mam-ma' was readily distinguishable. Officer Henry watched the house last night, and heard clearly a voice crying ' Mamma.' He entered and traced the sound to a room known to be empty, and yet distinctly came the voice, ' Mam ma,' ' Mamma.' Anxious not to incom mode the ghost by opening the door, he peeped through the keyhole and saw in the moonlight a parrot perched upon the window sill, ' only this and nothing more.' A telegram to the New York Herald, dated New Orleans, La., November 1, says : —A fatal affray at a negro church is re ported from West Feliciana parish. Fol lowing a custom in vogue among planta tions negroes in portions of the South, two members of the congregation exchanged wives two years ago. The bargain did not prove satisfactory, and quarrels arose among the members of the much-mixed families, which generally involved nearly the entire congregation. It was decided a few days ago by the parties involved to meet at the church and settles all difficulties by a general fist fight. A large number were present at the appointed time, but the con ditions upon which the fight was arranged were not observed. As soon as the parties came together knives and pistols were drawn, and a bloody riot followed, the result of which was that Edmund Turner and Gibson Clarke, the principals, were killed outright, and James Stowbury was severely, if not fatally, wounded. A gentleman who possessed a liking for strong liquor was conceited enough to imagine that he could lead a bull by the nose along the highway and carry at the same time an overdose of brandy. The bull had to be led seven miles, and an ad venturous youth determined that the drover should beat the record for this distance. While the man was indulging in his last glass before setting out, the youth pinned a led rag on his coat tail. When only a few yards had been covered, the drover fancied a ball from a forty-pounder bad taken him in the rear, and before he could save him self by falling a thunderbolt appeared to impel him forward. Several shocks of earthquake seemed to follow in rapid suc cession, and he set off at a run, with the bull, which, luckily for him, was overfed, at his heels. The man's destination was reached five minutes within the previous record, and the bull was safely housed by the proprietor. The drover now takes his meals standing, and smiles in a sickly manner when he is asked to take a sea*. There was great excitement recently in n portion of Paris owing to the discovery of the dead body of a woman in a thicket in the immediate neighborhood of the Palais de ITndustrie. The first im pression was that some foul murder must have been committed during the night, the corpse being afterwards dragged to the spot where it was found. A closer examination, however, showed that the body must have lain there for about three days. The flesh had been gnawed off the face by rate, and the clothes of the unfortunate female were almost in ribbons. The cap and umbrelk of the deceased were subsequently dis covered near a bush, where they had evi dently been placed by the owner. A pocket-book containing a paper led to the identification of the corpse, which proved to be that of a woman named Castille. Il is presumed that the deceased, being utterlj destitute, had sought temporary shelter in the thicket, and that she had died there without being able to attract the attention of passers-by. A good report (says a contemporary) if given of some preserved apricots which were sent to London by Mr. Smith, of Angaeton, Souih Australia. One of the tins was sent to Mr. Morris, assistant director of the Royal Garden at Sew, who compared them with the preserved fruits of the same class in the English market, and stated : — ' As compared with the best tinned apricots from California, I noticed the South Aus tralian fruit turned out rather soft and pulpy. This was owing probably to the fact that the apricots were rather too ripe when gathered, and hence had not consis tency enough to undergo the process of can ning and the knocking about on the voyage without breaking.' ' The syrup,' continues Mr. Morris, who is the best recognised ex pert upon the subject of tinned fruits in the world, ' was good both in flavor and color, if anything, perhaps, a little too sweet and sugary. The fruit itself was good, with a decided fresh flavor, which was well pre served.' ' If,' concludes the letter, ' the South Australian fruit can be kept firmer and less pulpy, and placed on the market a little below the price of Californian fruit, it would soon establish itself and prove an im portant industry.' In the State of Illinois spirit-selling li censes pay under statute a minimum of £100 each per annum, and beer-sellers £30 each. The community in the cities, town ships, and counties, may, however, increase these license payments to any sum it pleases, and may refuse to grant any license. This is therefore local option combined with regulation by high license; but no com munity is permitted to tolerate the liquor traffic without taxation. In two-thirds of the counties prohibition is enforced. The payments for a license have been raised in some instances to £200, £300, £400, and even to £440. Under the old law of the State Chicago had to endure 3,800 liquor saloons, with a population of 450,000, and the re venue was about £40,000 annually. But the population is now 700,000, and the 3,600 saloons licensed pay for their privilege £350,000 ($1,750,000). In the State at large the number of saloons has fallen from 13,000 to 10,000 during four years, and the revenue has risen from £140,000 to nearly £1,000,000. One good effect of the chaDge has been to lift the liquor question quite above the region of party politics. — Leeds Mercury. The Paris correspondent of the Daily Telegraph says : — A Russian mother-in-law, Madame d'Elson, has just endeavored to murder her son-in-law, a Paris painter. M. Favardt, the victim in question, was travelling in Italy, when he met Madame d'Eleon and her daughters, one of whom, Mdlle. Be*ne*dicte, he wooed and won. The marriage was not, however, a happy one : there was a divorce suit at Nice, and judgment was given in favor of the hus band. An appeal was made at Aix, but re jected ; and the ladies then went before the Tribunal of Nimes, to which the parties had been sent by the Court of Cassation. The husband had to appear at Nimes, and won his cause once more. ThiB so enraged his mother-in-law that she armed herself with a big revolver and went to the hotel where M. Favardt was staying. ' I have a letter here from your wife,' said the irate lady to her eon-in-law, and as he whb read ing it under a lamp she fired four shots at him from her pistol. One only of the bullets took effect. It hit the man in the jaw, but, although weakened by loss of blood, M. Favardt was able to seize and disarm the infuriated woman and to shut her up in a room before she conld effect any more mischief. In the Glasgow Western Police Court lately, a well-dressed young woman, Jane Watson, who is engaged in one of the city warehouses as a saleswoman, was charged with theft, in somewhat unusual circum stances, from the Adelaide Place Baptist Church. Owing to the thefts which had taken place at the church on Sundays, two detective officers, disguised as elders, placed themselves in the vestibule of the church while the congregation was assembling for the forenoon service, in order to watch the collection plate. A well-known member of the congregation having entered, and de posited in one of the plates a couple of £1 notes, shortly afterward Miss Watson followed, and while professing to put some thing in the plate, abstracted, it is alleged, the two £1 notes, and entered the church. The detective officer having communicated with one of the elders, Miss Watson was called from her seat. On the way out, she is alleged to have dropped the notes, which were at once picked up. She waB removed to the Western Police Office, where she was admonished by Bailie Colquhoun, who, taking into consideration the recommenda tion made on her behalf by the managers of the church, and the humiliation the prisoner had undergone, dismissed her without further punishment. Our New York correspondent tells a story which has the Duke of Marlborough for its hero (!) A young gentleman, pro minent in Newport society, borrowed a yacht from a friend and invited a small party to spend a day at sea, omitting to in clude the Duke of Marlborough in his list of invitations. A famous New York beauty who was invited thereupon wrote to him . expostulating, and saying that ehe felt sure ! it could only be through ignorance of his ' Grace's presence in Newport that the invita- 1 tion was omitted, and that she had there- i fore ventured to supply the omission. The - young host was naturally extremely un- 1 willing to offend such a correspondent, but ] as he was a gentleman first and a society - man afterwards, he replied that he much t regretted that his party was already com- | plete. Next day he received a second note, ' this time from the wife of the friend who - had lent him the yacht, to the same effect i as his first note. This was, of course, i equivalent to a command, and he there- 1 fore invited the Duke of Marlborough in 1 these words : — ' I learn from Mies ? I that she has invited you to join my little 1 yachting party to-morrow. At the request i of Mrs. ? I second the invitation.' The [ Duke of Marlborough accepted the invita- - tion, and went. Comment is needless. — i Pall Matt Gazette. \ An extraordinary disturbance occurred at - the Nortbgate School, Canterbury, a few t days ago. One of the boys complained of £ having been struck by a missile thrown by t one of the others. This he refused to i tolerate, and threw his Bible at the offender. ( ftie commenced a turbulent scene; Bibles t 3 and other books flying in all directions. At i length something like order was restored, ? but the ringleaders of the gang refused to \- resume their seats. They were ordered to l the school, but this also they declined to i do, and when a teacher named Pearee I attempted to eject them, he was set upon fc by the others. The remaining teachers t went to his assistance; but, producing a i number of short sticks, the youthful rioters ) set upon them with a will. Most of the i teachers were knocked down, and a lad named Drew seized upon the throat of one I named Headley in so savage a manner as \- almost to produce strangulation. In addi , tion to their sticks the boys brought into ; use a number of flag-poles which were i stored in the room. Pearse was thrown i down while endeavoring to eject two of the ringleaders— Drew and Ford — but at length managed to hustle them out. Locking the door, he proceeded to get bis charges into the street, and had only just succeeded in doing this when the schoolroom door was burst open, and the others rushed to the rescue. The riot was not quelled until the police had been sent for. The smart girl reporter in the United States is employed on the Denver Re publican. She is a young woman, good looking, and fairly glowing with the rosiest kind of health. Her name is Jennie Hop kins, and she has written a book and con tributed several very pretty ideas to the eastern journals and magazines, but her newspaper work is the most remarkable. She has been with the Denver Republican for two years, and in that time ehe has more than held her own against all the male talent in the town. She takes assign ments like a man, and can attend to the routine of the courts or any of the public departments with as much ease as any gentleman on the staff of the paper. She goes everywhere, and is afraid of nobody and nothing. Her perfect manners and thorough ladylike qualities compel respect, and whether she is writing up a baseball match or a murder she wreathes it with a charm of rythmic language that asserts her to be an artiste. She writes society, of course, but hesitates at nothing, and I do believe that if she were assigned to report a prize fight she would simply ask where it was to be and when, and train time would find her at the depot with the crowd that was going to the mill. Miss Hopkins has the newspaper instinct more fully developed than any other woman in America. Those who are capable judges are fond of saying that she is the best ' newspaper man' in Colorado. — Denver correspondence Globe Democrat. The Calera (Alabama) correspondent of the Chicago Times, writing on the 17th ult., says: — For the paBt three months six Mormon elders have been proselytising in this section, and also at several small towns across the Georgia border. Several converts were made at the latter places, and the indignation and wrath of the people could hardly be suppressed when on Sunday four married women and two men left their homes and made public their intention of going to Utah. The people then gave the elders notice to move on instantly. They refused at first; but on Monday night two of them were taken out and tarred and feathered, and the next night two others were chased into the woods by hounds and kept in the trees all night. The elders left the next day, and the converts are now missing also, leaving six forsaken homes. The Mormons began their work in the lower part of this county among the ignorant country people. They were suc cessful there, and baptised a dozen or more. On Tuesday,while Elders Mower and Sea were conducting a meeting at a log school house, 60 armed men dragged them from the pulpit. They were carried into the woods, the mob threatening to hang them at every step; but on the intercession of friends they were released on their written promise to leave the country in 24 hours. Both left that night, but without their converts, escorted a portion of the way by an armed band of nearly 100 men. Armed patrols are on guard, and publicly announce their intention of killing the first elder who returns there. The London correspondent of the Leader, writing on December 2, says :— Last Sunday midday I was doing a walk through Wind Bor Park, when one of the park keepers (Verdurers I think you call them) asked me if I could tell him who had won the boat race. I thought he must be referring to some little local affair in the neighboring Thames. He put me right by adding, ' I do not know anything about rowing, but I used to live next door to Beach's father at Addleetone.' He was very pleased when I told him the result. ' We Surrey folk are bad to beat,' he said. I could not cite a more truly colonial athlete than W. B., but you see that Surrey claims no small share of the fame he has earned. Beach is one of the best scullers I ever eaw. Curiously enough, he is the most old fashioned in his method. He sculls, or did while here, re markably like the Thames echool of SO to 25 years ago. That fact, coupled with his beating Hanlan, the cleverest exponent of the new school, shows that we need not have changed so very much just because new appliauces came into almost universal use. Teemer will now be able to approach Beach. His principal backer, Pete Duryea, wants an excuse to visit your country. He is in with Hanlan as well as with Teemer and Gaudaur. If you find Teemer eager to come over to you, make up your mind that on the Hanlan-Beach form the former thinks that Teemer can beat Beach, or that gate money will pay all round. Teemer has 9nly one idea about boat racing — viz., to get money.' Mumtaz-i-Mahal, or Exalted of the Palace, was playing at cards one day with her husband, the Emperor of Shah Jehan, when she asked him what he would do if lie survived her. The Emperor fondly pro mised to build her a tomb that should hand lown her name through all the ages, and be the admiration of the world. The Em press died two hours after giving birth to a laughter, on July 18, 1631. Whilst dying, jhe reminded the Emperor of the sromised tomb. According to Tavernier, 20,000 workmen labored for 22 years on the edifice. It consists of a central mausoleum, whose octagonal base is 186 feet in dia ueter, surmounted by a great dome and jointed spire, crowned by a crescent. Of ;he two wings, one is a splendid mosque, he other an imitation mosque, to preserve ;he harmony of the edifice. But no mere lescription can give an idea of the com -Iexity and intricacy with which the whole lesign is worked out. The interior is a narvel of decorative workmanship; the jure white marble walls are relieved with ;olored marble wreaths and scrolls, and ihere is a lavish display of richly-fretted itonework, and rare in-laid work of agate ind jasper and other precious stones, flooded with the soft light that mellows through a louble screen of pierced marble. Beneath he dome are the tombs of the Emperor and I his wife, enclosed in a marble trellis-work. Shah Jehan intended to have built a second Taj on the other side of the Jumna, and to have united the two with a bridge of fairy like beauty; but his schemes were cut short by his dethronement by his son Aurungzebe, and his subsequent imprison ment in the palace at Agra. Dr. Russell records how a lady said of the Taj, ' I can not criticise, but I can tell you what I feel. I would die to-morrow to have such a tomb.' And he adds ' holy and profane men, prosers, and practical people, all write of thd Taj in the same strain.' You can no more describe it, however, than you can describe Constantinople. Here are some of the utterances of those who have seen it : — ' Too pure, too holy to be the work of human hands;' 'A poem in marble;' 'The sigh of a broken heart;' 'Poetic marble arrayed in eternal glory ;' ' The inspiration ib from heaven, the execution worthy of it;' 'The marble 'Queen of Sorrow,' which has power to dim every eye.'— From ' (Mies of the World:' At the firemen's carnival held at Fitzroy, near Melbourne, an exciting feature was introduced, which is thus described by the Argus. — 'The chief feature of the day was the rough-riding competition, than which no form of entertainment is more popular in Australia, where the skilful and daring riders who enter the lists do not have to emulate the rough-riders of Buffalo Bill's famous Wild-West show and clutch at the pommel of the saddle. The first to mount was Alf. O. Watson, whose chesnut did not ' do enough* to give him a fair opportunity of winning the stake. The steed's knowledge of vice was limited to the 'pig jump,' which he has learned well enough to make him a very uncomfortable back, but not a sufficiently sensational per former for those who like to show that they can ' sit anything you can put a saddle on.' G. Powell, the next competitor, had a showy high- kicker, which was an excellent contrast to the first competitor, but still i only a rocking chair compared to two of : those which were to follow. C. Brooks, , who rode on a Mexican saddle, had still a better colt for show purposes, and, after unseating him, the animal wound up a very adventurous career by coming to the ground. Brooks, however, pluckily re mounted, amid a round of applause, and thoroughly mastered the horse before he finished his display. By far the best example of both a rough horse and a rough rider was given when J. Bullock appeared on a well-bred bay, all whalebone and indiarubber, and of high courage. The horse spun like a teetotum in the air, bounding every time he came to the ground from all four legs, with wonder ful power and elasticity, but Bullock — a big, powerful man with great length of limb— sat him immovably, and balanced himself with consummate coolness. The borse at last found that he had met more than his equal, but not before Bullock had clearly won the prize. Yet the judges awarded him only second money, and gave Powell first, while Brooke, who was entitled to second place after Bullock, was passed over. The explanation of the mistake ap pears to be that Powell rode before the rain fell heavily, and the judges took less notice of what was being done while they were being wet to the skin and kept out in the open by the performance of their duty. Bullock was naturally so dissatisfied that he proposes to ask the winner to make a match for £20, the condition being that the two men shall change horses.' A writer in the London Echo says: — I remember how the two or three nights before Paris fell, in 1871, what a state of excitement all the war correspondents of English newspapers were in to get the first news of the fall of the great French capital to England. The wires between Versailles and Boulogne had been cut and destroyed by the French and Germans between them, and the only way the news could be sent was by rail to the coast, and thence by cable. So each of the four biggest London morning papers kept an engine ready on the rail, at great expense, to carry the news. At last the moment of capitulation arrived, and away went the correspondents to the line. Off went the four engines at break neck speed ; it was only the signalmen and pointsmen at the stations which kept them from colliding, all four, on the road. At length they reached Boulogne— nearly to gether, and then there was a rush for the telegraph office. A fat, strong man, a lean, tall man, a little, wiry man — the fourth. No, he did not run. He had sent another engine two days before to warn his Boulogne colleague, and he knew that that gentle man had been filling all the wires for many hours with choice selections from ' Hymns Ancient and Modern.' He could afford to walk comfortably ; and he knew he could tack on the message to a hymn and get it through first, for his colleague had 'got the cable.' And he was right in his con fidence. One London paper published the fall of Paris many hours before any other. It was the journal of the man who walked from the engine to the telegraph station. One of the heaviest messages that ever went through the wires was the one de scribing the coronation of the present Czar of Russia to a leading morning paper. It cost £900, and filled about two pages. Swinburne's ' Lochrine' is, I believe, held to be the longest message that ever crosseM the Atlantic ; but it is not at all to be com* pared, in point of expense, with many cablegrams that have come to England. For instance, during the Afghan war, there were some very costly messages sent to England at the rate of 4s 6d a word. I know of one which cost £700, being suc ceeded rapidly by another to the same news paper at £600. In both cases barely four columns of the newspaper were filled. Mr. Stanley had a curious adventure with a wire which will long be remembered. He waB with the British troops that advanced on Magdala, with the then Sir Robert Napier. The day Magdala fell Stanley dis appeared from the camp, and no one knew whither he had gone. But a little while afterwards he turned up at the coast, and sent a long message to England for America. Then the cable broke, and could not be re paired for many days. The news appeared in the New York Herald, was wired back to London, read, doubted, disbelieved, scouted, aud then — accepted, because con firmed ; and nobody ever knew how it was that the wire broke directly after Mr. Stanley's message was dispatched. I met the girl of the . And gently took her f^ I thought I'd pop the ? But I didn't have the s&. ' What will we play for ?' asked pretty Cora, shuffling the cards. *' For a kiss, I suppose,' replied Merritt, with a smile. ' But how will .we settle it, my dear ?' ' Easy enough. If X win, then I kiss jou ; if you win, then you kiss me.' 