FICTION. From Ennllih, Amrrlrnn, nu c1 eilicr r»rlortlcnl». CHAPTER XLV. AN UNEXPECTED MEETING. Three days later Lady Linton received a letter , from her brother giving the particulars of her Í -cousin's accident Ile had been riding from ChoBter to Middlewich ; when his horse became frightened -at some object by the roadside, and Mr. Heath not being sufficiently on his guard, had beon thrown^ 'ii suffering the fracture of two ribs, a broken arm, and it waa feared, some internal injury besides. He was in a very critical state at the time of Sir Wil | «liam's writing, and the latter said he Bhould not think of returning to London until assured that his j kinsman was out of danger. I '"Thank fortune!" Lady Linton breathed, most I fervently. " Ot course," she added, a guilty flush rising to her forehead as she suddenly realised how heartless her expression sounded " of course, I do not mean that I am thankful to have Cousin William suffer such injuries, but I am immeasur- ably relieved to have my brother called away just at this time, and tho longer he stays the better I shall be pleased." She heard not hing moro for a week, when there carne another letter stating that Mr. ¿Teath was slightly improved, but still unable to bo moved, and quite a sufferer. There were some more particulars« too, regarding the accident in it. Lord Norton, an aged friend of the Duke of Fal- mouth-the nobleman to whom Mr. Heath was pri- vate secretary-was very ill, and he had sent for his grace to confide to him a historical work upon which he had been engaged for more than two years. "». It was nearly completed, only a few more chapters ? to be copied, and Lord Norton, feeling that he should not livo to see it published, desired his friend to take charge of it, finish it, and secure its ^publication. The Duke readily consented to put the work through ; but, as his eyesight would not permit him to do very much either in the way of rending nr writing, he suggested that his secretary, Mr. Heath, who wns eminently qualified should get it ready for press, and he himself would attend' to its j publication. Lord Noiton was pleased with this proposition, I .and Mr. Heath consented to take hold of the book at once, hoping to complete the copying while his lordship's strength endured to eversee the work and make important suggestions for his benefit. Of course, this necessitated numerous visits to the invalid, and it was while returning from one of these that Mr. Heath's horse took fright, causing j tho occident and putting a stop to the projeet ] which lay so near the old lord's heart. Sir William wiote that the disappointment of both the Duke of Falmouth and Lord Norton was so great that he had himself offered to take his cousin's place and finish the copying of the book, while ho remained at lïiddlewich in attendance upon his injured relative uud his family. Lady Linton was julnlant after' receiving this letter, for it was. evident that Sir William would be detained at Middlewich quite a while ¡ mean- time she would exert all the cunning of which she . was mistress to ruin the woman whom she both feared and hated, and thus plant an insurmount- able barrier between Rupert and his beautiful fiancee. With this mad scheme in mind, she ascertained Mrs. Alexander's address, and boldly went one ¡?morning to face her enemy in her own domain. But she was bitterly disappointed to learn that she was not in town. She was away on a little trip, the landlady told her ; she might bo gone a week longer ; slio nngac non return even ac une ena of that time. " The rooms were paid for in ad- vance for three months, so the woman had not askeñ when they would return, nor whither they were e°inS> hufc.che had heard the young lady say soraetiLing about a visit to Edinburgh ; possibly they hivd gone there." So Lady Linton had to rest upsn her belligerent oars for a Beason, though she resolved to be on the alert to act as soon as Mrs. Alexander and her -daughter should retarn. ' A couple of weeks later she went one morning to ,do some shopping for Jjillian on Oxford-street, and just as she was about to enter e fashionable furnishing store the dcor opened, a lady came out, and-°he xtood face to face once .moro with Mva. Alexander. ' An angry red suffused Lady Linton^ face, an ?ominous flash lighted her cold gray eyes. "Ah ! so ycu have returned," she said, .sharply, and planting fcerself directly in the path of her foe. She was looking very lovely-so lovely, indeed, .that her ladyship m-uveled at her beauty. She wore a black silk dress, simply toiade, but of richest texture, an elegant mantle of Mack velvet heavily trimmed with jet, a bonnet of 4he same material, relieved by three graceful ostrich tips of cream .white : and the dnintj affair was bewitchingly be- coming 5 ker hands were faultlessly gloved, and a Bingle half-blown Lamargue rose had been drawn into one of the fastenings of her mantle, its pale yellow petals nestling lovingly among the rich foldB of velvet. There was the dnintest bloom on her cheeks, her eyes were bright, her whole face animated, and she was a woman to attract admiring attention wherever she went. ,",.,,, Lady Lint« congratul»ted herself that le brother wisfir frjm London, for she well knew that it would need but one glance at this beautiful picture to bring him a hopeless oajtive to her feet jfnee mo e. ( Mrs Alexander slightly raised her brows at her ladyship's abrupt manner of address, bowed politely, and would have passed on, but the other laid a detaining hand npon her arm, and drew her into a little vestibule just inside the door. " I want to speak to you," she said, authori- tatively. " Certainly ; I am at your service, Lady Linton," was tho quiet, lady-like reply, and Virgie's full, blue eyes looked calmly down upon the sallow couuteuance before her, as she waited to leam why she had been so unceremoniously detained. "Why have you cometo London?" Lady Linton inquired, brusquely. Mrs. Alexander drew herself np a trifle, and hesitated a moment before replying ; then she said gravely : _ " Partly upon business ; partly for health." "Health!" scornfully repeated Lady Linton, with a quick upward glance into that beautiful, blooming face. À musical laugh rippled over Mrs. Alexander's lips, and she flushed an exquisite color ; for both glance and emphasis, although not so intended, were a marked compliment to her appearance. . "You think I do not need to go anywhere in search of health," she observed. "That is true, just now, although I was far from well when I left America." "What is your 'business' here ?" demanded her companion, ignoring her reply. "Realy, L-dy Linton, Mrs. Alexander retur- ned, coldly, " I do not know as I feel obliged to explain that to you just yet." " Jusi yet !" repeated the other, with a sudden heart-bound. "What am I to understand by that?" " Just what you chocse, Lady Linton." " Is you ' business' connected in any way with that threat which you made in my presence more than eight years ago ?" " Ah ! then you have not forgotten what hap- pened more than eight years ago ?" Lady Linton colored angrily. " I could almost wish-that I had died then rather than that you should have saved me .," she said, passionately. "Why?" Gravely, almost solemnly, the brief inquiry waa made. " Because 17iaie you ! You came between me and Bomo of my brighest hopes. Because you-" " No, it is not wholly that," Virgie interposed quietly, while her grave, beautiful eyes reached Lady Liuton's face, with something of pity in them. " It is because you have injured me, and one is apt to dislike and shrink from another whom one has wronged^" " Hoio have I wronged you ?" demanded Lady Linton in a startled tone, and wondering how .much the woman knew. " I do not need to tell you. Tour own conscience needs no other accuser than itself," was the calm reply. " But it would have been far more better had your ladyship constituted yourself my friend instead of my enejiy." " I could never be your friend. I shall be your foe to the bitter end, and it was to warn you of this that I detained you to-day. If you have come to London with the intention of thrusting yourself and your daughter upon my brother, let me tell you to beware ! You are a divorced woman ; you have no claim whatever upon Sir William Heath, and your child Bhall never be acknowledged by his name. I have vowed thio, and I mean it. You may think it all an idle threat, but if you are in London one month from to-day it will be at your peril. I will ruin you. I will so shame and humilitate you that you will be glad to hide yourself from all who know you. I will do even worse if need be. Nothing shall hinder me from, making Mire work this time." She was actually hoarse with passion as she con- cluded. " This time, Lady Linton? Then it was your work that other time. 'You acknowledge it ?" said Mrs. Alexander in a calm tone and without a trace of excitement in either face or manner. She was as unruffled as when Lady Linton first met her ; she had not even lost a vestige of colour All the change'that WBB visible in her was a half sorrowful light in her beautiful blue eyes, a grave, pitiful expression about hep mouth. Lady Linton saw instantly that she had mide a mistake ; in her anger and hatred she had admitted more than was wise or prudent, and she grew very pale. " I acknowledge nothing ; T.only waru you," Bhe said, almost fiercely. " Lady Linton," her companion answered compo- sedly, "your threats do not move me ; they cannot kurt me, and I feat they will «but recoil upon your own head. Believe .me, I would much rather be upon.friendly terms with you. I feel more like forgiving the injuries of the past than cherishing hostile feelingp. I could even at this moment take your hand-the hand that wrote such cruel things of me so many years ago-and say, ' Let us bo at peace ¡'but you will not, and I must go my way and leave you to go yours, hoping that, before it is too late for repentance ito avail you anything, a better spirit may possess you." " You defy me then ?" said Lady Linton through tightly closed teeth. " Oh, no ¡ I do not defy you," was the pleasant I rejoinder. ?. xou are very angry, jjiiuy Hinton because I will not allow myself to be frightened and browbeaten by you, but you will feel differently by and by when you come to consider matters in another light. I would rather do you a kindness than harm, and, by the way, 'I have a package belonging to you which I mean to return to you very soon." "A package'belonging to me! Where did you get it ?" " It is one ihat I have had many years, but I have only recently discovered that it is yonrs." " It is impossible that you-can have anything of mine," returned Lady Linton, coldly. Her companion smiled Slightly, then said: ' " An uncle of mine was returning from the far Etat some, twelve or thirteen years ago, and,.on his way from London to Edinburgg, rode in -(she same railway carriage with a lady who got out at one«f the way stations. He never knew whioh station it was, for he had fallen asleep shortly after j leaving London, and when he awdhe she was gone, ¡j TTe fovind a naclcase. however, which she had I dropped .and which he oould not return, because there was no name upon it, therefore he was forced to take it home to America with him. He confided it to me on his death-bed with the injunction to return it to the owner if I should ever be so fortu- nato as to meet her. I discovered on the «vening of our meeting at Lady Dunforth's that you were the owner. " I a&3ure you that you are mistaken. I never lost a package in a railway carriage," returned Lady Linton, haughtily. " No, but a friend to whom you confided it, lost it." "What-who?" demanded her ladyship, with a start. " The way I learned it belonged to you," Mrs. Aloxander resumed, " iras by observing upon the panel of your carriage door, as I left Lady Dun- j forth's that evening, tho Linton coat of arm3. Tho seal upon the package of which I speak is stamped with a shield bearing a patriarchal cross and the motto ' Droit et Loyal,' and there ÍB also written upon the wrapper this sentence, ' To be destroyed unopened in the event of my death.' " Lady Linton had shrunk back appalled during this description, and now stood leaning ngainst the wall, white, trembling, while great beads of pers- piration stood about her mouth and on her fore- head. " Great heavens ! have y tu got that ?" at last burst from her quivering lipB, in a, tone of horror. "Yes; it is a singular coincidence, is it not?" in- quired her companion, serenely. " However, I will return it to you very soon. And now, good-morn- ing, Lady Linton. This will be a very busy day for me and I must not larry longer." With these words Virginia Alexander swept by the Btricken woman with a courteous inclination of her head, and went on her way, apparently unruffled by anything that had occurred during the spirited interview with her sworn enemy, Sir William Heath's sister. Lady Linton stood for a moment or two utterly motionless, almost paralyzed by the startling revelations which her brother's former wife had just made to her, and then she, too, tottered from the place, murmuring : "To think that she, of all persons, should have had that during these years ! What a fool I have been ! But," she continued, with an ominous glitter in her steely eyes, " the die is cast-it will now take desperate measures indeed to secure my own safety and accomplish her defeat." She turned directly home, for she had neither the strength nor the heart to purchase fashionable gewgaws for Lillian, at least uutil she had recovered somewhat from the shock she had just received. Upon her arrival she found still another letter from Sir William awaiting her, and one which filled her with astonishment and put an entirely dffierent aspect upon the future, while a portion, at least, of its contents was calculated to electrify his whole household as well as society at large. CHAPTER XL VI. ] A STARTLING ANNOUNCEMENT. Lady Linton's letter was handed to her by the butler just as she was sitting down to lunch. She had come in just as the bell rang, and leaving her bonnet ano: wraps in the hall, she went directly to tthe dining-room without going, as usual, to her room to make a change in her toilet ; she was far toa weary and shaken to mount the 8taire. She broke the seal absently, and began ta read in a listless, preoccupied way, when all at once she uttered a startled exclamation, and the paper dropped from her neverless fingers upon the table. " Why, mamma, what is it ¡> Your are as pale as a ghost, Is CouBin William worse or-dead ?" exclaimed Lillian, regarding her mother with mingled curiosity and astonishment. " No, but the strangest thing in tht world has happened." " It must be something strange'to disturb your equanimity like this ; but what is it ?" inquired the girl, eagerly. " Your Uncle William is going to be married.'" " You cannot mean it, mamma ?-at last !" cried Lillian amazed ; then she added, with a gay laugh ; " The dear cid bachelor ! Well, you will have your wish after all. You have wanted him to marry for the last dozen years." " Yes ; and-I am glad-I am delighted !" replied Lady Linton, slowly, but with strange exultation in her voice, while her eyes gleamed with almost ferocious triumph. " Well, I am astonished. I had given Uncle Will up as a hardened case," Lillian said, growing more and more suprised, as she considered the matter, " but do tell me who is the happy woman ?" " A niece of Lord Norton who has just died. You know we read of his death last week, and I have been wondering why your uncle did not write. This accounts for it," replied Lady Linton. Then tak- ing up his letter, she continued : " I wftl read you what he says. The epistle is very brief, and does not sound like him at all, but I suppose we must excuse it under the circumstances." ".You will doubtless be surprised hythe con- tents of this letter,' ho writes, 'and as I have much on my mind, I will simply state bare facts, leaving details until my return. You already know of my having taking my cousin's place as tempo- rary amanuensis to Lord Norton. I was enabled to complete the manuscript for him the week before his death, which occurred on the ninth. But, duiing my visits to him, I met a niece of his, whe, I may say, is the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. By his lordship's will she becomes the heiress to all his possessions, which consist of his fine estate called Englewood, hore in Chester, beside a large amount of personal property. To make a long story short, however, [ am going to make this lady my wife, and as I am too old to waste any time upon forms or so-called etiquette, we intend to be married immediately-that ia, within the month-about the twenty-first, I think ; after which we shall re- pair to Heathdale, where we shall quietly remain for the present. The wedding will be strictly private, on account of his lordship's recent death and in compliance with the request of his niece. I will, however, notify you further of my plans before the twenty-first,' " The epistle closed abruptly and rather formally, and Lady Linton's face was crimson as she con- cluded the reading of it. " It is the most unheard of thing in the world "?u""";/l n-mU-aAI-n " A nnVnfn OTnrldirnr {n/)nn/í ÖUÖÖH1U, ÜAWKüUl^. -v¿/i*.u.ww "l._~.--£, ÍUWUU, -not even his own sister invited, and it is all>so sudden-that it fairly takes my breath away." " They might at least have asked us to go to Englewood to witness the ceremony," Lillian observed, thoughtfully. " The letter doesn't sound a bit like Uncle Will." " I suppose he is so taken up with hishride-ileot that he has not much time or thought for any one else; but he might have told us something about her ; he did -not even mention her name ; I suppose however we are to infer that she i« a Miss Norton. I wonder whether she ,is young or old?" Lady Linton said, in an injured tone, and looking both perplexed and annoyed. " He says she is beautiful, mamma." " Of course ; one's betrothed is al way« beautiful rfco the man who is to be married. They are going directly to Heathdale," she added, musingly. " -'here ought to be -someone there to receive them, an<£ the house needs .préparation for the occasion. I think, Lillian, that, notwithstanding I have been rather shabbily treated in this affair, I shall go down to Heathdale and give them the best weleozne possible at so short a notice. I can at least brighten things up and arrange for a small dinner-party and reception in honor of the fcride." '. Perhaps they would prefer not to meet any one just yet, mamma," Lillian suggested. " I cannot help it. Such a home-coming a« that would be too dismal, and not at all in keeping with the dignity of the family. I shall take matters into my own hands and conduct tho affairs as I think ! best. We will go to Heathdale the last of the week." Her ladyship fell into a profound reverio after announcing this decision, while Lillian took up the morning paper nnd bogan to read. Lady Linton was deeply hurt by the way that her brother had written of his approaching marriago, and more so at having boen ignored in nil the ar- rangements ; yet in spite of all this she was secretly jukilant over the ^fact that Sir William was about to bring a. nn'stres3 to Heathdaje. It would relieve her of a great burden ; of all further plotting and intrigue regarding the enemy whom she had encountered only that day. Virginia Alexander might do her worst now-once let the twenty-first of December pass and BIIC need fear her no more. She might succeed in securing an ac- knowledgement from Sir William that Virgic was his lawful child and a settlement of a portion of his property upon her j but there would be no longer any fear of the long-parted husband and wife coming to an understanding with each other-she, at least, would never come to Heathdale to queen it as mistress. She had heard of Lord Norton. He was reputed to be very old, very eccentric, nnd very literary ; but she had not known of what his family consisted. She did not know, even now, farther than that hehad a niece, but in her present mood, with that bitter hatred against Virginia Alexander rankling in her heart and the fear that her own past treachery was liable to bo exposed if she was ever allowed to enter Heathdale, she was prepared to welcome Lord Norton's heiress in the most cordial manner, and her spirits rose light as air, at tho prospect of a new sister-in-law. "Mamma," said Lillian, suddenly looking up from her paper and breaking in upon these musings,. " Uncle Will's engagement is announced here." "What! in the paper? Well, I must say they sre rushing things !"' She held out her hand for the sheet, an evil smile on her thin lips, as she imagined something of the chagrin and disappointment that Mrs. Alex- ander would experience upon reading an account of Sir William's Heath's approaching marriage. There was ^quite an extended paragraph regard- ing it, considerable being said about the late Lord Norton and his recent death ; mention being made of his having left the whole of his large property to a niece ; while the fact that Sir William Heath wa3 contemplating matrimony with the "beautiful .heiress" gave rise to some pleasantry, since the " distinguished baronet having for so many years resisted Cupid's most artful endeavours to lead him to Hymon's altar, his friends and well-wishers had begun to fear that he was hopelessly invulnerable " " Mamma what will become of us when Uncle Will brings his wife home ?" Lillian asked, some- what anxiously, as Lady Linton laid down the paper. The same question had been agitating her lady- ship's mind. They could not well go to Linton Grange, for Percy was making extensive improvements in view of his own approaching marriage ; they had no home of their own-in fact they were wholly de- pendent upon Sir William, and Lady Linton felt that no place but Heathdale would ever be like homo to her. "We will not borrow trouble about that, Lillian," sho answered; "this Miss Norton moy be very young and inexperienced j in that case she would need some older person, like myself, to advise and assist her ; so I imagine that wo shall still be welcome in your uncle's household." That evening, at a dinner party, Lady Linton was beseiged by numerous friends with questions regarding her brother's engagement. She looked wise, and appeared as if sha had been in the secret for some time but had not been allowed to divulge anything. It was true, she admitted, that the marriage was rather a sudden ono ¡ but of course it could not have occurred before, because of Lord Norton's critical condition, and there was no reason now why it should not take place, except for etiquette's sakej and her brother did not propose to defer their happiness simply to observo a law of fashion. They would not, however, appear in society at present» she affirmed, but remain quietly at Heathdale perhaps until another season, while there Would only be an informal reception of their oldest friends, at their home-coming, and to arrange for this she was herself going to Heathdale. She appeared to be very much elated over the marriage, spoke eloquently of the bride-elect, of her grace, beauty, and intelligence ; for she was far too proud to allow it to be known that she had been taken as much by surprise as society at large by the announcement of the event. To Mrs. Farnum alone she acknowledged it ; for that lady called the next day, and had asked her point-blank some questions which she could not answer, and ehe had been obliged to confesB that she " did not-know." " Well, Miriam, said her friend, " it is rather, hard on you, I own, not to be consulted, or even asked to the wedding ; but your heart will be set at rest on one subject-you need not fear that Alex- ander woman any more after the twenty-first." " No ; she may do her worst then. I have lived in daily terror lest she should meet William and everything would be explained. What do yon think, Myra ?" added Lady Linton, suddenly. " S7io has got that diary !" *' What diary ?" " That one I gave to you to keep for me, the sum- mer I was on the Continent- the diary you lost !" " Miriam Linton ! how came she by it ?" cried Mrs. Farnum, aghast. She says an uncle was in the railway carriage with you when you left London that afternoon after I had met you at the-Hotel, and you drop- ped it in the coach." " Well, I am at least glad to know 7ioio I lost it," returned her friend, in a relieved tone.. " It has been a most annoying mystery to me all these years. Does she know what there is in it ?" "I do not know," Lady Linton said, growing pale. "I met her yesterday on Oxford street, when she told me she had it, and would return it soon. If she has not opened the package I am all right; if she has, and ever sees fit to betray me to William, it will be a sad day for me." " You were very foolish ever to commit to paper anvthiner concerning that American escanade." "I suppose I was, but I always keep a diary ; there aro many things of importance that I like to remember accurately, and a diary is so convenient to refer to-it has Baved me many mistakes." '* It would have been far better if you had des- troyed that year's notes, as Ï advised you," returned Mrs. Fnrnnm. " But it was full of important data, and I never dreamed that anything could happen to it-it was very careless of you to lose it," said her ladyship, fiomplainingly. "I know it was, and I have suffered a great deal of anxiety on account of it, for, of course, with all those oacoes and dates, I am implicated almost a_ much asyourself. Why don't you go around to her lodgings and get it at once ?-your mind will be at rest then. If tho seal has never been broken, you aro us safe as if it had never been lost." " True ; I believe I will," Lady Linton answered, brightening. She followed the advice of her friend the very next day, and, calling at Mrs. Alexander's lodgings, was shown up at once to hor private parlor. There was no one there when Bhe entered, but presently Virgie came in, looking charming in her morning robe of mauve cashmere with blue silk facings, and greeted her ladyship politely although with some reserve. " You wished to Bee mamma," she said, " but I am obliged to receive you as she is not in just now. Can I do anything for you, Lady Linton ?" " I wished to see Mrs. Alexander personally," re- turned Lady Linton, lmutily. " Will she return soon P" " I am afraid not ; she had an engagement with Madam Gerbier, her modiste, at eleven, and one with her lawyer at one," Virgie explained." Lady Linton thought a moment, then she said : " Mrs. Alexander told me a day or two ago that she had a package belonging to me j do you know anything about it ?" " A package ?" repeated Virgie, looking mysti- fied ; then she added quickly : "Oh ! perhaps it is that sealed package that mamma's uncle found so long ago. Is that yours, Lady Linton ?" #' " Yes-sealed ! did you say it is sealed ?" asked the woman, breathlessly. "Yes, it is sealed with a strange device and motto." " And has it never been opened ?" was the eager query. "Of course not; it is just as mamma's uncle found it," Virgie responded, with curling lips and flushing indignantly at the implied suspicion of the woman. Lady Linton could have wept for joy. She was saved !" her vile secrets were Btill all her own ! and if she could but get that coveted diary into her possession once again, Bhe had nothing to fear; she would burn it without a moment's hesitation. " I am very sorry to miss Mrs. Alexader ; but, perhaps, you could get it forme?" she said,insinu- atingly. " I do not think I should like to do that without mamma's sanction," Virgie answered, "but I will tell her your errand, and no doubt she will take measures to return the package to you at once." *' Very well," replied Lady Linton, " tell her to send it immediately to my brother's residence ; the street and number are on my card which you have. I shall leave town to-morrow, and would like it before I go." Virgio promised to deliver the message, and her Wyship took her leave with a heart lighter than she had known for years, for the burden of a great dread had been rolled from it. But she did not receive the package before leaving for Heathdale, as she had confidently expected. I She had arranged to go on the fifteenth, taking Lillian with her, and although she waited until the last minute, hoping for the appearance of her long lost diary, she was obliged to depart without it. She did not worry over it very much, however, for she told herself that if it had been kept all these years with the Beal unbroken, there was not mueh danger of its being disturbed at this late day. oust as sne was aoout; io enter vao carriage enere arrived a telegram from her brother. It contained just two lines : "Shallleave Englewood Wednesday noon; arrive at Heathdale on the 7.30 express. Meet ns there if you like." "Eather a curt bidding to a wedding feast,'' Lady Linton sarcastically observed, showing it to her daughter ; but she would have been more than content had she not been bidden at all, for her brother's marriage was, to her, an unlooked-for triumph over her enemy, a release from a much dreaded doom. CHAPTER XLVII. THE ARRIVAL OP SIB WILLIAM AND HIS BRIDE AT HEATHDALE. Upon her arrival at Heathdale, Lady Linton was considerably surprised to find that Sir William had engaged the services of a professional decorator to prepare IIÍB home for the reception of his bride, and great improvements had been made in many of the rooms. The suite over the library, and looking out upon the river, had been equisitely fitted up in blue, and white, and gold, for his wife's special use, while several new pictures and pieces of statu- ary had been added to the already choice collection which the old mansion possessed. Still, with all this added elegance, it needed the touch of a tasteful woman's hand to make it really home-like, and both Lady Linton and her daughter exerted themselves to make everything as attrac- tive as possible. Her ladyship realised that perh aps she was pre- suming a little beyond her jurisdiction in arrangiag unauthorized, for a dinner-party, but she was determined to do honor to the new mistress of Heathdale, and to show her brother her entire ap- proval of the step he had taken. She was bound too, that no funereal gloom should hang over their first evening at home, but all things wear a joyous and inviting aspect ; so she sent invitations to a select few to come and welcome the baronet and his bride upon their arrival. The eventful day at length dawned-a bright, beautiful winter's day, yet mild for the season, and at an early hour, the household at Heathdado was all astir, and preparations for the grand event went briskly forward ¡ for every one, down to the lowest servant, loved the master, and was eager to show him honor on this unlooked-for occasion, while all were on the alert to learn what manner of a wife he was about to bring home. The state dining-room was handsomely decorated for the grand event; the best plate had been polished to the last degree of brightness, the finest linen bleached and pressed, and a most sumptuous dinner was in preparation. There were flowers, choice and rare, everywhere, and every room was fragrant with their perfume and bricht with their beauty. A glowing fire was built in the great hall, while over the carved mantle above the huge fire-place Lady -tinton had caused to be placed a beautiful shield, representing the crest of her family, and composed of lilies and roses, with the word " Welcome," in immortelles, surmounting it. At seven o'clock the guests began to gather; there were the Hon. Mr. Capron with his wife and daughter, from an adjoining estate. The rector and his genial helpmate; Lord Alfred Harting- ton, and his sister ; Percy Linton and his charming fiancee ; Mrs. Farnum, with Lord and Lady Eoyal ston. Rupert had of course been included in the list, but, not having yet arrived, was looked for on the train from London that was due a few minutes before the one from the west. Lady Linton was mag- nificent in garnet velvet, point lace, and diamonds. She had spared neither time nor money for the occasion, and really had never looked so well as now Lillian wore simple white Bilk with crimson rosea, in which she was brilliantly handsome. The remainder of the party were equally well arrayed, and it was truly a good company that gathered to welcome the Baron of Heathdale. hall to be the first Ärnete, brÏfaSï* beheld matead William Heath lookL l.i, thin, but bright and .miling, eLter 1,S ""* Rupert Hamilton's arm, and foi^Ä "Where is my brother?» 8ho inquired ifi». greeting them «11 moat cordially. Rupert smiled roguishly as ho replied . T n"iTTe-y <.haV0 aChi6Ted * flank moi~t upon you Lady Lmton ; when they saw the house abi they suspected a reception, and as a bride JuM naturally be somewhat sensitive about appeal before company in travel stained garments, ¿ William and Lady Health drove to the side entrant and doubtless are now in their own rooms. 7Z commissioned to make their excuses, and to bZ that you will send word when dinner will be «rved Lady Linton at once dispatched a servant to felt his master that dinner had been ordered * Z o clock but it could be delayed if ho desired Sir William returned answer not to make anv tMf «; Ie ^nd Lady Heath would b0 *»¿¿ meet their friends by half-past eight. The time would have passed heavily after that' had it not been for Rupert, who w^s a geneS favourite and soon had the whole company ¡n Z best possible humor with themselves and everybody else, and Lady Linton blessed him in her heart J his genial mirth, his exhanstless fund of anecdoU and repartee. flZaLVe? Z68"088' h0wever' 0,ld »aziouBly watched the clock upon the mantel while it seemed as if half-past eight would never arrive. All at once she saw Rupert dart from'the side of Lillian, with whom he had been talking, toward tie lower door of the drawing-room, and disappear in the hall. r" TI« xuou. mere came a murmur of surprise from th« opposite direction, and glancing toward tho upper door, Bhe saw Sir William standing there, smiling and looking the personification of joy, with a woman leaning upon his arm. Lady Linton started eagerly forward togreot them, when all at once, her heart bounded into her throat with suffocating force, a blur came before her eyes, her limbs trembled and almost sank beneath her. What delusion was this-what trick of herfanoy ? Was itahorriblen ightmare, or had some sorceres« suddenly bewitched her sight ! She covered her eyes with her hand for a moment and then looked again. No, it was no delusion-it waa no trick; for just before her, looking likoaqueen in her richrobeg her face radiant with happiness as she leaned* proudly upon her husband's arm, she saw tie woman whom she had hated and wronged for long, long years; whom she had plotted to ruin and sweep from her path forever-Virginia Alexander ! the chosen bride of her brother in his youth, and now, in spite of falsehood, calumny, treachery, and even divorce, hie happy wife, and the mistress of Heathdale. She was elad in a reception robe of pale lavender velvet, simply piped with Batin ; it faultlessly fitted her perfect form, while its ample train, sweeping out behind her, made her stately figure seem mor« regal than usual. Diamonds of purest waterspark. led in her ears, gleamed upon her bosom and an exquisite crescent was fastened among the gloBsy coils of her still rich and abundant hair. Never had she been moro beautiful, even in her youth, than now, as she stood upon tho threshold of her new home, where she was destined to reign for long years yet, an honored and idolized wife. Happiness had done much for her during the last few weeks ; her face has resumed its rounded out-lines ; a delicate bloom had come into her checks ; her lips were like lines of brightest coral her eyes brilliant "ith the exhilaration caused hy the restoration of blissful hopes. Just behind her, and now atteded by Eaperfc Hamilton, was Virgie, inexpressibly lovely in cream-white silk, with no ornament save a bunch of fragrant mignonette in her corsage ; hut in th« eyes of her lover and to the others gathered there, she seemed the fairest vision of youth that they had ever looked upon. Lady Linton afterwards confessed that she suf- fered more than death in the brief interval thai elapsed before her brother led his bride across the threshold and advanced to greet her. But she was a woman of indomitable will, and, though her spirit for a moment recoiled beneath this unexpected blow, she resolutely rallied her failing courage-an almost uncontrollable rage took possession of her as she realised how she had bee* duped-fooled ; how this overwhelming surpris» had been deliberately prepared for her, and, though she was as colourless as the costly lace that was fluttering upon her bosom with every pulsation of her fiercely bounding heart, she swept haughtily towards that regal looking couple until within* few feet of them when she made a profound obei- sance before them, saying with formal politeness : "Welcome Sir William and Lady Heath, to Heathdale." She met and bore her defeat superbly, although she was sick at heart and almost in a frenzy of anger, mortification, and humiliation, at being thus triumphantly confronted in her own home by til» woman, whom, all her life, she had schemed to crush. To think that she should have made alf these elaborate preparations and planned this brilli- ant welcome, but to sutler such an ignominious over, throw in Virginia Alexander's very presence was maddening beyond description. But she would rather have died than betray any» thing of the conflict within her, and, after that one obeisanoe, she stepped acide to allow others to offer their greetings and congratulations, and by the time supper was announced she had recovered, to all outward appearance at least, entire control of herself. Sir William led the way to the dining room, and^ without one word to his sister, conducted his wife to the head of the table, whispering fondly as he seated her : '.Welcome, my darling, to your home and to your position as mistress of Heathdale." He then sought his own place opposite while the butler seated the other guests according to their rank. There were two others among that company who had recognised the new mistress of Heathdale with fear and trembling-Mrs. Farnum and her daughter, Lady Eoyalston. But, judging from Lady Heath's gracious manner and the attention which she bestowed upon all her guests alike, there was not one among the company whom she did not regard in the most friendly way. She was simply charming ¡ her bearing and all observance of etiquette were faultless, and once during the meal, Lady Eoyalston bent and whispered in her mother's ear : " This is the woman whom Lady Linton scorned a» unfit to mate with a Heath ! Tins .is the woman whom we lent our aid to ruin ! Mamma, we ought, go down on our knees to her and her lovely daugh- ter whom we have so wronged." ' \ =iÎo7aïwS «atolodie, do not add to my 1 t«t!re" returned Mrs. Famum with pale lips. kember it was aU for you-I knew that you l0«tt will do, mamma ; we will never open th*t "ave agi," «turned Lady Royalston, losing Z of her own color, " but I would give much* We Lady Health for my friend, and I am im ^Sed that we shall never be bidden to Heath ^ftTdinner an hour or more was spent in social intercourse, during which, something of S* William's and Lady Heath's story was divulged The baronet had insisted upon thiB, for Virg.e s ^'she is my own daughter, and I must claim her "each before the world," he said, so as much as ti deemed advisable to relate, without publicly compromising any one who had been instrumental .¿¿using the misunderstanding between him and his wife, he told to his friends. It was also nnnounccd at the same time that Mr. Hamilton, the baronet's ward, had won the baronet's beuitif ul daughter, and that there would be another wedding about Easter. When Lady Linton heard this she looked around for Lillian, but she had quietly withdrawn from the company directly after dinner, and did not make tor appearance again. The evenhi" was over at last, and the guests dis- persed, pronouncing Lady Heath " delightful," and Predicting a happy future for the master of Heath- dale after the romantic trials of his youth and the sorrow of his later years. When Mrs. Famum and her daughter took leave of Sir William and his bride, the baronet simply towed to them without offering his hand, saying, with the least possible but unmistakable emphasis : « Qooi-by, Mrs. Famum ; adieu, Lady Roy alston." And both knew that all the past had been ex- plained, and they had received their final conge. Lady Eoyalston's prediction had been verified. When the last guest had departed, Sir William turned to his sister, his face stern and cold : "Miriam," he said, in a tone that made her s.iter, " at last I have found my Virgie, my moun- tain maid whom I have loved all my life-long. But what of the lost years of the past?-the sorrow, the loneliness, the misunderstanding ? What of the hatred and treachery that produced it all ?" Every word fell upon Lady Linton's heart as if it had been a blow from a hammer. She made a gesture of despair. She could not speak; she felt that she should go mad unless she could soon get away to the quiet of her room and bs released from the fearful constraint which she bud imposed upon herself for so many hours. Lady Heath read something of her suffering in that wild gesture, and ehe laid her lips against her .«band's ear, whispering : "Dear Will, we can afford to be generous out of the abundance of our happiness." Sir William's face melted into infinite tenderness at her plea. He placed his arm around her waist and drew her fondly to him. "If you can plead for her, my darling, I Bhould not be obdurate," he murmured, tenderly 5 then, turning again to his sister, he added : " We will toll' further of this matter to-morrow. Good-night, lliriam." With one more Etern glance at the unhappy \ woman, he led his beautif»' wife from the room, and Lady Linton, her strength exhausted, her proud spirit crushed, sank with a moan of anguish to the floor, and there th« butler found her half an homr later when he came to put out the lights. Ho called her maid, and together they helped her to her room, where she spent half the night in hys- terics, and then, worn out, sank into a profound slumber or stupor. (To be continued.) 