The Circus. I have always had a singular liking for a circu9, a low liking, it is very probable, I might hear you say, were I nearenough ; but I scorn to dispnte the point. Tell me what there can be in high life more intoxicating with a sort of bubbling effervescing plea sure than the whole paraphernalia of a cir I was thinking thus one day, as I entered one of these sunny pavilions, and thinking, too, whether, in spite of all my love of motion and swiftness and grace, so timid a person as 1 would have had much enjoyment in an old Roman circus where men and beasts en countered in contest of* blood, and where ladies, whose hearts could have been not greatly different from my own, applauded the death struggle of a gladiator as I’ did the somersaults of little Ninonito. The present entertainment was called upon the bills a “ Great Moral Bxhibition; ” and as with the circus it combined a superior menagerie, to which Asian jungles and African deserts had contributed, clergymen and others were cordially invited to witness the trained lion and the lamb lying down together. Of the last performance, of which I am particularly speaking, the last item had been described in the advertisement as the " Ter rible Exploits of the Dauntless Bartouro in the Den of Wild Beasts;” the capitals had been thrilling. And accordingly, aftera suffi cient quantity of small boys had been thrown by the horse, an enormous carriage, that filled nearly half the space, was slowly wheeled upon the scene, the sides were let down, and the den of wild beasts was dis closed. It was in three compartments, with strong partitions made of a lattice-work of iron bars between them. In. the first one, some leopards and a Bengal tiger of loathly beauty were roaming restlessly round, up and I .down, in and out, round and about, in a way to make one’s heartache. In the central compartment a lion was striding np and down, lashing his tail about; while the lioness, lying in one corner with her two whelps fawning around her, looked with complacent curiosity at the crowd who returned her gaze. But when the lids were let down from the last compartment, all thought of the occupants of the other two was for a moment forgotten, as the immense and single lion within that one sprang upon his hind legs, pawing at the side of the cage as if he would break through and bound out upon_us, and uttering a roar that resounded and reviberated from side to side, and made every heart standstill. We were almost all decorously placed on the tiers of seats, but at the sound and the sight the whole audience shook a little closer together; and, for my own part, never lik ing such scenes as this promised to be, I had risen to go. “ Never mind,” said my companion to me, as I excitedly signified my wish to hasten off; ” it is a trite thing enough; the creatures are gorged with food and' dandled from their birth; the exhibitor is in no danger.” Yon are mistaken, sir,” said one of the group of bystanders. “ In the first two;cages they are certainly tame enough, but the last beast is the true Nemman, raging for his lib erty. as Tcady to rend a man toatoms as ever his wildest ancestors were.” “Then why i3 lie in that cage, sir,” I asked, shivering beneath the blaze of those eyeballs like coals. “ He wa3 only added to the collection a few hours since.” said another gentleman at my side. “ Some sailors brought him home on their own account; the ship happened to arrive in the harbor this morning, just as the menagerie was setting up its tents; thesailors lost no time in making their bargain, and the animal was transferred immediately; but an injury happening to his own cage he was temporarily shut into this one till better ac commodations could be arranged, I believe.” “ But is it really strong enough ?” I asked, rith a quiver. “ Oh, without doubt.” “And then the exhibitor does not venture ito that compartment?” “ Not unless he is insane, I fancy.” >• Ah, whata roar 1 It is thunder’s self I” “ Possibly he*has not been fed to- day.” “ 1 think we had better go,” I said, “ It cally makes me ill.” “Indeed,” was the .response .1 met with. If there is going to be anything unusual, let a have the benefit of it I ” “ But it seems to,me the exhibitioner is not eady. I (fo believe he is afraid himself.” He has no occasion,” said the second By tander again. “ In spite of onr friend’s pinion of the wild beast, unless the exhibi or should open the door of the third cage, here is absolutely not a shadow of danger.” “ And if he should i 1 Why, then I imagine he would surely get l deserts.” “The lion would, at any rate,” rejoined v companion. « Oh, how nervous you make me 1 ’ I ex liraed. “ I wonder why the Dauntless Bar uro does not come f ” ' ' “ Possibly he is asleep,”-replied the second 'stander once more; “ he has a little habit, ey say, which occasions drowsiness—I sup «e so hazardous an occupation as may have en, in the beginning, required stimulants; id he has abused the necessity. If they are it sobering him with buckets of cold water ished over him, they are probably assisting m to burry on his tights and spangles. As he spoke, a man, carrying a little switch, mnded into the ring, made his bow to the idience: threw open the cage of the leopards, aped lightly np, and in an instant had shut inself within. -- . He was a man cf -splendid physical gf ilopment; and so quick bad been hit three movements, that ono had not time to sea his flashed face and its swollen veins before it seemed that the exertion of seizing a leo pard and tossing him in the air had occa sioned it. “ What a handsome man i ” cried my com panion, staring at him with admiration. He was a picture as he faced as ; the two leopards stood with a paw on his either shoulder, the spots seeming to waver in their supple sides like the sparks and glows in-half blackened firebrands, while the tiger bounded to and fro over the sV-itch he held for him as if his sleek carves were made of nothing but caoutchone. It was plain that the creatures loved the man ; they reached out their long, red tongues and licked him—he had fed them and tended them. As I thought this, Bartouro flung aside the first partition of iron bars with a thrust, and was in the central cage, stepping quickly to the lioness and switching her till she rose upon her feet ;!catching the hairy little cubs in his arms, and throwing them about like juggler’s balls; calling the lion to his side and lying down between them all, as if for peaceful repose in the bosom of his family. Meanwhile the tiger came and stretched himself at his feet, and one of the leopards amused himself with boxing an impertinent little cub, while another leopard retired to the furthest end of the cage, and appeared to keep watch like a sentinel over the domestic scene. It was, after all, a very charming sight, and the place rang with applause. Suddenly Bartouro sprang to his feet, bowed again to the audience, then threw open the last partition. My tongue clave to the roof of my mouth with horror; the whole amphitheatse hung npon one breath. The tljree compartments were now a single cage alone ; but the animals in the first por tion hurriedly huddled themSelves together in.the remotest part, cowering and whining, and trembling in evident fear. • With a magnificent fearlessness, Bartouro trod swiftly toward the lion, who stood erect, bolding by his tremendous paws to the side of the cage, his huge black mane rising and bristling ronnd him as if instinct with savage life itself, as he turned his head at the clang of the iron bars, and glared with red-hot eyes upon Bartouro. •• Come back 1 For Heaven’s sake,' come back!'’ cried the circus-master, darting across the arena toward the cage. “ It is the new lion. You are a dead man*!” The whole andience rose. Oh, the cruel, handsome faces of those dead and gone Homan women!—these were not their ghosts. But Bartouro did not vouchsafe him a glance —only he trod swiftly forward, and struck the great beast a tingling blow in' the face. It was the death-blow of courage. The lioq, amazed for one heart beat, with the next did not pause to crouch ere springing, but had throw himself in one mass upon Bartouro, who tottered and half fell, but rose again, and lifted his arms, that were like springs of steel, to thrust the beast away. Then, as if lightning fell, the arms dropped powerless, the man sank slowly down, his eves wide open and staring ion the lion, his face whiter than ashes, the blood pouring from his side. Women were fainting now in the audience-, children were shrieking, men were springing forward; the people of -the menagerie were running to get some weapon, an axe, a pistol, anything—there was not one who dared to enter the cage and take his prey from the dreadful thing which would devour it before our very eyes for all we knew. All at once, in that swift, breathless in stant, a ball of.fire shot through the air from one end of the cage to the other. It was the leopard who had sat as sentinel. In a second his mate bad followed. One had no time to note their superb beauty, nor to wonder at their furious spring, before the tiger had hurled himself upon them, and all three had fallen with a yell on the lion, who tore his claws away, and half forgot Bartouro, to turn fiercely on them. Whether it was love of their master, or whethersomeforest scent still lingering about the wild brute, had roused the never before awakened race of their blood.no one can say ; they were giving their lives for Bartouro—so much was certain. “ Come out—come ont 1” we cried in one voice. “ Oh, you are mad, Bartouro 1” He did not deign ns a look ; but his voice rose over the snarl and roar and cry of the struggling beasts, and over the uproar awak ene.. in the neighboring cages, like a blast of “ And leave my leopards to die 1” In a moment he had darted forward, the helpless arm dangling from his shoulder, but his right hand grasping his win ; and as the lion, turning at the side glance which he caught of his first assailant, regardless of leo pards or tigers, shook them off with a mighty shudder, and collected himselt for a second leap'upon him, Bartouro ran up with his whip, and with the precision of a marksman, he bad flecked its thong first in ono eye of the lion, and then the other, slipping^ aside as the lion rose to spring with a yell of pain and agony, and fell sprawling and rolling over, striking against the iron sides of .the cage, gathering itself together again, ann crouching as still as the'sphinx. Another ray of light never entered those thong-flecked eyes. The lion was stone blind from that day. The whole scene had not occupied three minutes- At its close Bartouro caught his torn leopards and tossed them into the other end of the inclosure, single- armed, drew his tjr.er, although very badly maimed, away by the jaws, claDgcd down the iron door be tween, stepped out, shut the cage behind | him. bowed to the andieDce—just as the circus master and his assistants dashed , in j with guns and swords—and ran off as if he | bad no more than trod upon a fly. Che Dear Creatures.—When a young n deceives his best girl, and she finds out, it usually leads up to a serious 3ne reason, why the homely girl takes the lolarahip prize is because she looks info iks more than into mirrore. So man can court a cross-eyed girl without ing jealons. And the cause is that she rays seems to be looking at and smiling cm some other fello w. Please His Friends.—" Will you please iert this obituary notice?” asked an old ntleman of an editor. “ I make bold to c it, because the deceased had a great many ends about here who’d be .glad to hear of i death.” . Danse for Gallantry.—When a young in politely offered his seat in a tram car to old gentleman, and then went and stood the platform, a fellow passenger said,— “I am glad to see,sir.-ayoung manlike a pay that respect and deference to old age rich it should always command.” a Yes, air,” replied the youth, “that old Jeer is" worth a million dollars.” Bnessed. He Had Bad News-—Mrs. rtington was not so much a myth as sucal unbelievers assert. For instance, inty Becky Brown one morning last week me into the breakfast room with a Tery ■eh troubled countenance. One of the nily remarked it and asked her what was a matter. "I’m ’{raid Mr. Sparks has got some bad •re; I jest see a telegraph boy go ridin’ up hi3 house on his cyclopedy.” You say yon want to many my daugh-,. r; have you spoken to her ?” ~ “Yes,sir,” replied the young man,“and ve gained her consent.” "Well, if she said ‘yes’ that settles it. iything.1 might-say or do wouldn’t have b slightest influence.” Then the' young man goes home and aiders if be isn’t to young to many each a i 669 