ANGLICAN CHURCH NEWS. -A_ - [Communicated.] THE ORPHANAGES. Abstract of receipts of and expenses, 1887-8, taken from tbe accounts audited in June 1888, by Messrs. B. Soc and T. Sher- wood. This account ombraces th« outlay and expenses of 13 months. CB. £ s d To Balance, May 1887,. 369 1 3 Pixed deposit . 200 0 0 Government subsidy . 1187 3 0 Subscriptions, Offertories,&c;"... 147 3 8 Aborigines' Board, Boys .£54, Girls £41 10s . 95 10 0 Children not on Government List -Subsidized by rotatives Girls £32 13s 8d, Boys £76 108 13 8 Bent of Lands, Joint Endowment 53 15 0 To Sundry Sales-Boys' Orphan- age . 92 12 0 " Garden Sales-Girls' do. 17 14 0 " Sale of Printing Pre6s : Joint Receipt . 46 10 0 " Bank Interest : Joint Receipt 10 0 0 232S 2 10 DB. £ ed By Salaries Girls' Orphanage ... 265 9 0 " Boys' do. ... 183 1 2 " Girls' Home ... IC 16 8 Buildings Girls' Orphanage ... 89 6 0 j " Boys* ¡lo. ... 75 9 3 Feucing of Joint Lands. 67 0 0 Stores, Clothing and other Re- quisites of Maintenance Boys* . 546 5 6 Girls' . 743 13 10 Do. Home. ... 53 8 0 Balance. 293 13 5 2328 2 10 Our subscribers aro requested in reading the above abstract to observe : 1\. That the outlay recorded (£2034 9s 8d) represents the expenditure of thirteen months, or an outlay at the rate of £1878 per annum. 2\. That in buildings and repairs, and in improvements by fencing of tho lands, which form their joint endowment, £231 15s 3d were last year expended, leaving £1646 4s lld to represent the ordinary expenditure for 12 months in the maintenance of three ! institutions, containing eighty two children, I or nominally £20 only per cap. 3\. That as these Institutions refunded from ' rent of lands, and sales the Boys' and Girls' Orphanages £164 ls. 3d.; the actual cost per cap. would be reduced to £18 2s. so far I as regards external means of support. 4\. Liabilities. That there were (saving as regards one tradesman's bill, which could not be obtained prior to May 31st, avd amounting to £21,) no liabilities whatever. 6, That the charges effected at the Boya' CHURCH OF ENGLAND. Orphanage are calculated to promo** the ecoaomy as woll as the general well being of the Institution. Their character and proba- bly effect were thus described by the Bishop (the Chairman of the Committee) at the annual meeting presided ov«?r by His Excel- lency, in June last. " During the past year special attention had been paid to the indus- trial training of tho children at the Boys' Orphanage ; thc plan now adopted being that of giving tho morning hours to lessons in school, and tho afternoon to garden and Other outdoor work. Ho had himself more than once of late been at the Orphanage, and could testify to the zeal and dovotedness with which the present master, Mr. Stephen Brown, had thrown himself into bis duties ; spending literally his whole time with the boys, cither teaching iu school or direoting their work outside, from the tims they got up in the morning until they went to bed at night. Alroady a good deal has been done in the way of garden cultivation, and in the planting of fruit tree? and vines, besides j some additional clearing ot land, which would bo likely to bc a source of profit in the future, and tho boys themselves seemed happy and well-cared for." Tho Esr. W. J. Thorburn gave an address at tho evening service at the Cathe- dral on Thursday, at 7.30 p.m., on missionary work. Tho new Hector of Car- narvon spent five years in India, in the diocese of Madras, and was instrumental in promoting the kindliest feelings between all classes of bis parishioners, European and native. He sailed on Fiiday for the North, and left Perth with the assurance of a very hearty welcome whenever he may be able to revisit it. Services will be started with as little delay as possible at the suburban end of Beaufort street. Hopes are entertained that funds may be forthcoming, say frem £50 to £160, with which to erect a small chapel on an available sito in that neighbourhood, at the junction of Beaufort-street, Lincoln-street, and Burt street. A plain, small edifice, capable of future enlargement, when necessary, is all that will be necessary, and will enable us to establish a centre for future religious activi- ties. Only, what is to be done should be done at once, if possible. Services will very probably be commenced in a " Church Tent." A meeting of the members of the guild of St. George will be hold on Thursday, Septem- ber 6, at 8 p.m., in tho schoolroom, when an address on the growth and development of the early Church, and its warnings to our- selves, will be given by the Dean. Any com- municants desiring to join the guild should communicate with one of the clergy, with Mr. W. Stevens, er one of the Council. All members should endeavour to be present. The Girls' Friendly Society's Lodge, in St. George's Terrace, was opened on Tuesday evening. For two or three days past white- washing and scrubbing had been going on diligently, and when tho room was opened in the evening it looked very pretty, cheerful, and attractive. Pictures adorned the walls, curtains and ottomans of brilliant colour added brightness, and tho books and papers, in addition to-perhaps thc most important of all-a piano most kindly lent by Miss Moore, promised interest and amusement for all. By 8 o'clock the room was full, over 50 persons being present altogether. Mrs. Mason and Miss Jones kindly gave some music, and the Dean addressed those present on the objects of the Society. It was an- nounced that the room would be open to the members ev?ry evening from 7.30 to 9.30, and that some occupation or amusement would generally bo provided from 8 till 9. The room would also be open from 3 to 5 o'clock. There are over 20 Associates, and j 25 joined as members and received their cards. The G.F.S. here is in treaty with the Society of that name at home, and tho mern I bera of one will be at once received on their changing their abode as members of the I other. At St. David's Cathedral, Hobart, special services of praise are being held on August 5th and 19th, in the aftornoon. On each occasion the Bishop gives an address, and muBic of Farrant's, Mendelssohn's, Gounod's, and Hadyn's is sung with organ and orches- tral accompaniment. On the second occasion the band of the Hobart Garrison was to as- sist. It is announced that the service is to be distinctly an act of praise, and not given simply for the sake of pleasing the ear ; and it is to be hoped that it will be productive of spiritual blessing, both in awakening a spirit of devotion where dormant, and in deepening it where it already exists. Dr. Billing was consecrated os Bishop of Bedford, and Archdeacon Thicknesso as Bishop of Liecester on July 15th at St. Paul's Cathedral. The Lambeth Conference sat at the begin- ning of July. It was preceded by a reception of the Bishops at Canterbury. On St. Peter's Day, there was the usual Festival at St. Augustine's training College for Missionaries, when the venerable Metropolitan of Canada, Bishop Medley of Fredericton preached an excellent sermon in the Chapel. On the fol- lowing day tho Archbishop of Canterbury, formally received his sight reverend brethren at the College, and after luncheon, they pro- ceeded to tho Cathedral where His Grace ad- dressed words of welcome to the members of the Conference, about a hundred of whom wore prosont. On Sunday morning tho Bishop of Sydney preached a remarkable ser* CHURCH OF ENGLAND. moa at the Cathedral, from Ez. XL vii. 3-5, a mystical text which the most rev. prelate proceeded te expound as an allegory of which we held the key, an allegory setting forth che work of tho Holy Ghost in the soul and in tho Church. On Monday evening the Archbishop of Canterbury preached at West- minster Abbey.when in spite of dismal woather, there was a vast muster. His Grace's discourse contained roany noticeable passages, among which we may mention his warning against weakening the Episcopate by excessive sub ivUiotl. Thc actual opening of the Confer- ence took place on Monday morning. It was preceeded by a celebration of the Holy Eucharist at Lambeth Palace chapel. The preacher was the Bishop of Minnesota, a veteran member af the American Episcopate, who has done good service among the Indians. The deliberations of tho Conference are con ducted in private, and nothing is known until they are published officially. The Bristol Bishoprio fund is pretty well complete, and the appointment will shortly be made. The members and Sunday School teachers in connection with the Congregational Chapel in the Parishof Short Heath, Wolverhampton, having expressed to the Vicar, the Hov. G. W. Johnson, a desire to come up to the Church, on Sunday July 1st, the Chapel was opened as a Mission Room in connection with the Parish Church. Some questions arc being raised at home, by persons only partially informed on the subject, as to the propriety of the words used in an Anglican Bishop's oath of homage " I acknowledge that I hold the said Bishop pric, as well the spiritualities, as the tem- poralities thereof, only of your Majesty." The word " Spirituulitios " does not mean spiritual authority, which of course comes from God, but a certain kind of Ecclesiasti- cal revenue ; and consequently there is no spark of Erastianism, as is alleged, to be found in the matter. The Rev. G. E. Gleig, who was for nearly 30 years Chaplain of the Forces, has passed away at the age of 92. He began life as a soldier and fought in the Peninsula Cam« paigns of 1813, 1814. In 1819 he was or- dained, and he finally resigned in 1875 on account of ill-health. 