MR. HENRY LABOUCHERE, M.P. By A Young Parliamentary Hand. ( United Ireland.) As the rod of the brabdomatist trembles in his grasp when it pauses over precious metal, so I must needs confess that my pen trembles in my fingers when it approaches the name of Mr. Henry Labouchere. Unfortunately, not the pen alone, but the hand, too, trembles. The lucky treasure-seeker, when his hazel bids him halt, has nothing to do but to seize his spade and dig till he comes to his buried treasure. But the task of describing Mr. Labouchere, of doing anything like justice to that singular, brilliant, many-sided, perplex ing character is a task to make one pause indeed. Ever since we set up our gallery of Parliamentary portraits we have looked longingly7 at the figure of the member for .Northampton, eager to execute and yet afraid to attempt. In all the peep-show and puppet dance at Westminster, there is no figure more attractive than Mr. Labouchere’s, but, also, there is no figure more tantalising. A sort of joint-stock company of literary7 talent ought to be formed for the special purpose of doing justice to the theme. A bund of union boasting of the epigram of Lucian, the humour of Lesage, the realism of Thackeray, and the delight in perplexing strands of character which is peculiar to Mr. Stevenson might hope, perhaps, to render an adequate account of the duty7. But to wait till all these qualities unite would be to await the coming of Coqcigrues, and in the meantime the gallery lacks a leading figure. The frame is waiting, the very name is npon it, the summa dies, the meluctabile tempus has come, and for the want of a better we must even mix our colours and begin. Begin! but where? even to touch lightly7 upon most of the incidents of that astonish ing career would call for volumes rather than for columns. It has been a varied, wayward, eventful career, and yet, in a sense, it is only just beginning. The question, what has he not been only suggests the parallel and no less pertinent question, what may7 he not yet j be ? He has been diplomatist, traveller, author, financier, journalist, politician, man of the world, threatrical manager, promoter of com panies, speculator. Ina more serious sense than the poet, intended he has been “not one but all mankind’s epitome.” We do not know that he ever wrote a novel or a play, but he has found life more entertaining than most fictions written or acted. We do not know whether he ever wrote verses. If he did, they ought to be Horatian with a touch of Persius. Neither so placid as the one, nor so irritable as the other. It is more likely that he has tried his hand at a volume of sermons. It is certainly7 to he hoped that he Writes his memoirs. The longed-for Talleyrand would not be so welcome, could not be so delightful. In the meantime, we must be content with the “ Diary of a Besieged Resident.” Mr. Labouchere has enemies, like most suc cessful men, and his enemies have said spite ful things about him, and failed to disturb his serenity7. Some little time ago a journal of the kind which calls itself a “ Society7 journal” printed and published a savage attack upon Mr. Labouchere and announced its intention of printing a similar attack upon another journalist and well-known man of letters. The man of letters was irascible, combative, and muscular. He stepped over to the office of the offending newspaper and sought to interview the editor with a big malacea cane. The editor bound over his foe —and the cane—to keep the peace, and the threatened article did not make its appearance. But Mr. Labouchere treated the matter in a different, more tranquil spirit. “ If,” lie said, in his characteristically cynical good nature, “ if any poor wretch can earn a dishonest penny by attacking me he is perfectly wel come to do so.” And he remained, as com posed as he was on that wild, mad day, at Mitchelstown, when the shots were firing and the dead falling, and found him as cool, as imperturbable, as little excited as if he had been smoking his cigarette by his own fire side. The cigarette is essential to Mr. Labouchere’s happiness. Punch sketched him long ago, and gave his presentment for motto, “ il cigaretto d’esser’ felice.” If he ever became dictator of England we are con vinced that he would immediately promulgate an edict permitting smoking in the Chamber of the House of Commons. A good many years ago a journal was started in London with a name that left no doubt as to its geographical locality. It gathered about it a good many young men, chiefly of the Conservative persuasion, when they had any persuasion at all, most of whom have been more fortunate than their journal, long extinct and forgotten. For most of the young men were clever, and must have since made names for themselves in more conspi cuous enterprises. The journal being of the Conservative persuasion, naturally set about attacking Mr. Lubouchere, and it was said at [ the time that it got a very weil known and very able journalist and man of letters to do the deed for them. At all events, out came an article which certainly did its level best to be as hitter and malign as that kind of i journalism can possibly be. We do not know if Mr. Labouchere ever saw it ; he cer tainly took no notice of it, and it would not be worth recalling a pale ghost of mean personalities from its oblivion, save for one small circumstance. The writer, and the writer was obviously a clever sort of man, evidently imagined—nay, more, was firmly convinced, that Mr. Labouchere’s career was entirely at an end. While any man whose power of discernment was worth a straw could have seen, and must have seen, that Mr. Labouchere, whether he liked him or not, was going to play a very important part in English politics, this critic took the com monplace, thick-witted point of view that Mr. Labouchere was a played-out farceur at the very end of his tether. We wonder what he thinks now of the man who must be in the next Liberal Cabinet, and who may very well look forward to being Prime Minister ? In the House of Commons and out of it Mr. Labouchere has been the consistent, un wearying advocate of popular rights, of jus tice, and of liberty. His first Parliamentary record showed him tube a thoroughly earnest, practical Radical, with dear aims and a stub born determination to accomplish them. People who talked of Mr. Labouchere as play ing at politics then proved themselves to be as imbecile as the idiots who have made the same remark since. If his party had any reproach to make against Mr. Lahonchere it was that he was too much too serious in, earnest, altogether too uncompromising in his adhesion to his principles and in carrying them to their logical conclusion. When he dropped out of Parliament for a time he carried on the good work of Radicalism just the same. The Daily New* has been the better for the vigorous Radicalism which stiffened and strengthened the somewhat languid and old fashioned Liberalism of others among its proprietors. 'Truth has been made a potent instrument for advancing Radical principles. In point of fact, Mr. Labouchere has been for the best part of his life an exceedingly hard-working politician of the most consistent and determined type, with more statesmanship in his little finger, to adopt the good old saying', than in the whole body of some score or so of the fossilised old Liberals who tried to whip their senile, or rather their anile, intelligences into fury over what they considered the irresponsibility of Mr. Labouchere. Around Mr. Lahonchere, as around all dis tinguished figures, a great wealth of legend has clustered. Stories are told of him and by him which would make the cream of biography. Those wanderings of Mexico, why they are an Odyssey in little, told with a colour and a humour with which we can scarcely credit Ulysses. Xo doubt the adventurous lord of Ithaca told many good tales in the firelight. But after all he never tasted the wild delights of wandering with a travelling circus in M-xico nor of taking part in a “ pronunciamento,” nor of riding for his life after breaking a monte bank with half a dozen of the most murderous Greasers that ever were raised within sight of the Rio Grande at Ins heels. In Europe and in America, in the Old World and the New, in Washington and the “pleasant land of Mexico,” and by the Sweet Waters of the Bosphorus, and in many another city in either hemisphere, Henry Labouchere has left a memory behind him for cool, unconquerable audacity, for unfailing brilliancy, for un fathomable cynicism. Yet these qualities have been made too much of at the expense of the real nature. The cynicism is not native ; it is put on at the masquerade of life as gentlemen of the last century sported vizards at a Ridotto. But the kind heart, the generous nature, the unflinching advocacy of weak, oppressed, and unpopular causes which have nothing on their side save justice, and above all that quality among the best of all human qualities of being a friend to his friend, these are the distinguishing notes of a varied character, even to the outsider. How good a friend he has been to Ireland Ireland best knows. 