Brevities. ('Thursday's -Brevities.! .^iheo^tlio following items appeared ttfoar' eeoond^ ?; and third editions of yesterday. The Railway : Commissioners inEpeeted the Dubbo station this'' morning, and received a deputation comprising the Mayor and aldermen, ?who suggested several desirable improvements of the station yards. Why is it that the Darling Harbor railway yards and approaches are not watered ? The dust is terrible, and . the goods are anything: but improved in consequence. Sarah. Allwood, 39, charged in the Eedfern Police Court to-day ?with having broken six panes of glass, the property o£ John Eyan, said she 'did it,' and it was 'spite for spite.' She was ordered to pay 20s. You try and make a man believe what isn't true/5 said a~ complainant in the Eedfern Police Court to-day to Mr. T. M. Williamson during cross-exsmiaafcion. The Bench smiled and looked out of the ?window. The Water and Sewerage Board had better make sure that people owe rates before they sue tlfem, if only to save expense. There were two cases in the Eedfern Small Debts Court to-day in- 'which receipts 'were produced showing that the amounts had been paid some time. Both cases were dismissed with three guineas costs in each. Thomas Mercer, 12; Frederick Mercer, 13; James Feeney, 11 ; and .John Morris, 15, were remanded in the Eadfern Police Court to-day on a . charge of stealing about lOewt of sheet lead, valued at £10, tho property of Peter Gornall ; and William Erskine, 2S, was remanded on a charge of receiving it. A fettler on the railway named Edward Bower ms,n, who resided in Lord- street, JSTewfcown, was run over by a train at Eveleu;li this morning and horribly mutilated. It is said that his foot became jammed in the points, and fchat he was unable to extricate himself before he was knocked down. At a public raoeiing, held at Wcllongcng, on Wednesday nigh.t, it was resolved that the muni cipal bylaws of the borough, in reference to processions, should be repealed. A miner named George Hawkins, 27, residing at Tliornleieh, was iairen to the Sydney Hospital by Constable Cook, of No. 2 station, and admitted by Dr. Fisher this morning. The patient was proceeding home last night, when he etumbled and fell oa a stake of wood, which inflicted a severe and painful wonad. He was in a very weak state, haVing lost a deal of blood. The City Railway Extension League have already obtained 53,400 signatures to a petition in favor of the objects ? of the league. The petition will be presented to the Assembly next Wednesday. The teachers and scholars of the Burwood Wesleyan Snp.day-zob.ool, tog-ether with a large number of friends, held their usual outing on Wednesday, Kjde being the trusting place. Games of various descriptions were indulged, and a.xramber of races were run by the little ones, a happy day being spent. ? The picnic party reached 'home safely shortly before dark. In No. 2 District Court, yesterday, a draper namsd William Jeffrey sought to recover .£100 from William Walker, of the Trafalgar Hotel, Cssfcleresgh-sfereefc, for injuries alleged to have been received by falling down a cellar. His Honor Judge Wilkinson gave a verdict for the de fendant. The case against the six boys Eobert M'Gar vey, Percy Watsford, Percy Eawlinson, Sep. Eawlinson, Jas. Neale, and Essie 'Willis, at the Parramatta Police Court, on Wednesday, for an alleged assault upon another boy named Adams, on the 9th ultimo, in Harris Park, was dismissed, each, party to pay its own costs. Qisite a number of petty burglaries have been perpetrated lately in the tirlebe and Junction portion of the Newcastle district. Alexander M'Cr&cken;, on the charge-sheet of* the W.P.C. this morning, for drunkenness, de cided not to answer to his same. His bail, amounting to £5, was consequently estreated. His bondsman also loses £o. An expensive orgie. The class of people living in the country dis tricts who send farming and other produce to Sydney, rely chiefly upon the sale of such for a livelihood, and the loss of any portion of the goods is of considerable moment to them, This might be noted by the railway anthorities, A complaint comes in to the effect that on the 1st of this month a number of pigs were consigned to Sydney from Bowral, and that the freight statement could not be received by the consignees from the Eailway -Department until the 12th instant. The poultry breeders and others in the country districts are loud in their complaints in connec tion with the- charges exacted by the Sailway Department upon return empty coops. The Miniai miners, by a show of hands, de clined yesterday to authorise their delegates to sign the Newcastle agreement. The question will be balloted to-day. The military and police stationed at Newcastle struck camps yesterday, and the laborers were discharged from the West Wallsend Colliery. E.M.S. Victoria left Colombo for Australia on November 12. «- Me. Iievien said in the House last night that Judge Docker charged the jury eo strongly that they weie . afraid to convict a prisoner, fearing that be should inflict too heavy a sentence. : Mr. Levien said last night that Judge Docker had. 'used' the Minister for Justice, but that Mr. Clarke couldn't see it. Mi. M'MiUan congratulated the Government on having balanced the public accounts, and that the colony was now living within its income. Mr, M'Millan charges Australian boys with trying1 to get into the Civil service rather than endeavoring to develop the resources of tbe colony. Complaints from various places on the Southern and Western lines are numerous to the effect that losses of such products as eggs, bacon, &c;, are very frequent while in transit by rail to Sydney. The Grafton District Court opened on Tuesday before his Honor Judge Murray. There were no criminal cases. Intense indignation is openly expressed at Cudal at the delay on the part of the Govern ment in proceeding with the erection of the local post and telegraph offices. A little boy named Walter Burnet was ordered to be imprisoned till the rising of the Court at the C.P.C. thia day for havinsr stolen 9s from the person of Leslie Johnston, another boy. Eobert Lorando was, at the Court o£ Quarter -Sessions, this morning, sent to penal servitude for five years for wholesale robbery from a dwelling. Besidents . of a locality in Eedfern complain bitterly of nuisances in the shape of dancing saloons, which are patronised by larrikins of both sexes of the worst type. Inspector Potter please note. At the-Quarter Sessions this morning, Bertha Listrum'was sent to gaol for one month, on a charge of having stolen a quantity of wearing apparel, the property of Samuel Thomas Dorrington. In the summons division of the W.P.C. to-day, Mylins . Lafalaise 'was ordered to pay 153 per week for twelve months towards the support of his child. His ? wife, Esther, was the com plainant. For; cutting- timber on Crown lands, viz., a reserve, James Yeo was, in the summons division of the W.P.C. to-day, mulct in the sum of £2 6s 6d,'Or in default three weeks' gjaoL .The board appointed^ to inquire into the charges made against Police Inspector Besley, of Adelaide, by the Civil -Service Commission, found the Charges proved. Besley, who is one of the-oldest officers in the force, has been disrated, and severely reprimanded. The result of the ballot of Mjnmi Lodge was announced this* morning to be in favor of the acceptance of the geaeral agreement. Work at all the Newcastle collieries will therefore be resumed at once. Messrs. B.:Harw«od, E. Eaecway, J. Bradshaw B. C. Beveridge, and H. Cr. Wykes were each fined £3 this morning for failing to attend as jurors at the Central Criminal Court. \- A sculling match for J510 a .side has been arranged between John Crimp and Soland -Brown, over a two; mile course on the Hunter Kirer. 4 A consignment -of four, cases of eggs was sent one day last month from Bowral to a ? firm of auctioneers in Sydney. *? Only -three'- of these arrived, but the unfortunate consignor had to put up with the Iobb nndpay the JiaUway Department the full freight for .the four oaaeB. *t William aThompson//who was charged with the murder of Ms -wife^atNew'town, at 'the Central Criminal Court to-day, was found not guilty by the jurv. - ? . Joseph Henley, 19, laborer, and Richard Henley, 25, a bootmaker, were committed for trial at the Eedfern. Police Court ? to-day on a charge of breaking and entering the dwelling house of Frederick Charles Loveridge, and steal ing tobacco, &c;, valued in all at £2. John Wilson, 26, a blacksmith, charged ia the Eedfern Police Court with having deserted his wife, Clara, was ordered to pay 15s per week for her support for s period of twelve months. The Attorney-General has filed bills against the eleven men charged with taking part in the recent Wallsend riot. The case will be tried this time in Sydney. A carter named Mullarky was found dead in bed this morning at his residence at Orange. The canss of death is supposed to have been heart disease. Joe Lamb, alias John O'Connor, a convict, for a continual breach of the prison regulations at Brisbane, received, this morning, twenty lashes. He maintained a sullen silence throughout, although the punishment was severe. The first truck of meat from the Lithgow Slaughtering establishment arrived on'^Tuesday last, in splendid condition, at John Evans and Company's new meat market, Pyrmont. ? The traffic at Darling Harbor has been excep tionally heavy lately, but it does not- appear to have occurred to the responsible parties that the consequent inconveniences- might be greatly re duced by the use of a copious supply of water in the various parts of the yards. Abraham Abrahams, warehouseman, Sydney, was fined £3 to-day by Judge Innes, for non atten4ance as a juror. An amicable settlement was, this afternoon, agreed to in the No. 1 Jury Court by the ; parties in the case Duff V; Atkinson, with reference to certain shares in a mine at Broken Tffli. The defendant had to take back the shares and pay the plaintiff £350. A man named David Fye was, at the Court of Quarter Sessions this afternoon, sentenced to five years' penal servitude for larceny of a whole sale character. H M.S. Orlando left for Hobart this afternoon. H.M.S. Raven arrived at Hobart last evening. At the Central Criminal Court yesterday, a Sir. Joseph Slade was fined £5 for non-attendance as a juror. It has since been ascertained that the juror is dead, and his Honor to-day kindly re mitted the penalty. A similar remission was made in the case of James Swain, who had cot been, served at all with a summons. His Honor Judge Dowliag, feeling indisposed, did not sit in the District Court this afternoon ; the cases, which were put down for hearing before him, however, were taken by his Honor Judge Wilkinson,1 who concluded his own business in No. 2 Court very early. The case of the late Australian Steam Naviga tion Co. v. our Postmaster-General {who of course figures only as a nominal defendant) knocked the No.'l Jury Court out of time nearly all day. It arose out of an old arrangement for the carriage of letters and newspapers. The case will be re sumed to-morrow. Some of the barristers practicing in onr Divorce Court waive, with grand magnanimity, their claim to costs when they know they havn't got a ghost of a show of recovering them. At the Court of Quarter Sessions to-day, Messrs. W. Perry sad E. F. Keating were each fined £2 for non-attendance as jurors. At the Court of Quarter Sessions to-day Henry Day was sentenced to tbree years' hard labor for unlawfully receiving stolen property. The following cases are set down for hearing at the Court of Quarter Sessions to-morrow : — Edward Chapman and Arthur J. Woolland, breaking and entering- a shop and stealing therein ; Henry Donnelly, David Harkness, William Harkness, and James Donnelly, breaking and entering a dwelling and stealing therefrom ; David Nagle, inflicting- grievous bodily harm ; John Burgess, maliciously wounding. Three thousand tons coal arrived at Adelaide from England for the S.A. Gas Company by the steamer Murrumbidgee yesterday. It was ordered in consequence of the Newcastle strike. The long-suffering residents of Bourke-street have now another grievance on the tapis. This time with the Water and Sewerage Board. There appears to be no period at all on which to be certain of the water being on, and it is by no means an uncommon practice to turn, off the mains at the most inconvenient possible times, sometimes for days at a stretch. 'You must go to gaol for one month,' said Mr. Ad&ison;, S.M., to John Williams, who stood charged, at the Water Police Court, to-day, with stealing a pair of trousers, value 6s 6d, belonging to William F. Latimer. John went. John Donnelly, for using threatening1 language to his wife, Margaret, was, at the Water Police Court, to-day, bound over to keep the peace for six months, self in .£20, or one surety in -£20, or in default one month. In the charge side at the C.P.C. to-day Amelia Cave, who appeared against her husband John Cave for having used threatening language towards her, told a dismal tale in a garrulous manner. The parties have been married for thirty years, but have sever been happy during that period. The wife accused the husband of indulging in bueketfnls of beer, whereas he only pleads guilty to an occasional glass. Eumor hath it that one of our suburban Mayors has been served with a writ by his wife for a judicial, separation. Refreshment rooms and private bars are alleged to be the cause of the trouble. * For the stealing of a corkscrew, value 4s 6d, the property of Ellen Owen, Mary Newman was sentenced to fourteen days' gaol at the C.P.C. to-day. Edward Searle and Annie Man-p, for gross in decency in Phillip Park, were, in the W.P.C. to-day, each fined £5, or in default two months' hard labor. For fraudulently appropriating the sum of £4, belonging to Owen Bale, John Cantil was, at the W.P.C. to-day, fined £5 with the alternative of two months. Florence Psarsas obtained an . order against James Lardner to-day in the summons division at the C.P.C, of 5s 'per week for twelve months towards the support of his illegitimate child. Mr. Justice Windeyer to-day got through the remaining divorce caseB on the paper for the present term. The rest will, in all probability, be heard somewhere about next February. In No. 2 District Court to-day hjs Honor Judge Wilkinson delivered judgment in the case of Davis v. Pratt, in which the plaintiff sued for .£200 damages for alleged wrongful arrest and false imprisonment. His Honor stated that it was the duty of every citizen to protect his rights-, and he gave a verdict for defendant, with ..costs. The revolver found in the Domain last night near where tbe man Cassidy was said to have been shot by another man, ia a six-chambered ' bull dog,' All the chambers were loaded with the exception of one, which appeared to have been recently discharged. John Urwin was charged at the W.P.C. to-day with stealing miscellaneous articles, amounting in valne to £5, belonging to George Thompson. Accused was remanded till to-morrow. An unfortunate named James Furlong was brought before Mr. Addison, S.3L, to-day for protection. He is totally blind, and was discharged in order that the police might find a suitable reception houre wherein he might be properly cared, for. In the summons side at the C.P.C. to-day F, J. Bouffier, a wineseller, in Oxford-street, was fined £2 and costs, or fourteen days, for suffering filthy water to remain in that street, opposite his premises. Maggie Smith, John Burns, Alfred Levy, Janet Pearce, and Alice Williams, were each fined 10s and costs,- in-- default three days' gaol, lathe summons side at the C.P.C. to-day, for loitering in the public streets. In No. 2 District Court to-day his Honor Judge Wilkinson assured counsel at the conclusion of the evidence in the case of Davis v. Pratt, that they seed not address him on the case, as his mind was made up, and they might talk until 'doomsday' without in any way altering his decision. ? /.', At the Central Criminal Court, this . morning, the disgusting beast George Wilson, found guilty of criminally assaulting a little boy, was sen tenced to penal servitude for a term of fifteen years, Hia Honor TMr. Jrwtice Foster expressed I his intention of inflicting s, (severe flogging, hut the state of the prisoner's health unfortunately 1 forbade it. 