»Reccoer. Keeping Up Appearances. There is no more reprehensible fault Ihtm tlmt of keeping up deceptive appear- ancofl, especially among young men who aro commencing to battle witli tho world. That is just tho time of lifo when, if they are dependent upon their own exertions, they will either mako or mar their future. Wo have in view sovoral cases that may servo as a warning to others, in whoso interests wo refer to them, assuring our readors (hat tho personngos havo an nctuid existonco ana that tho ovonts ro- ldtcd havo actually transpired. 5' '3 Tho first was a caBo of a youth who had boon petted and pampered by an over-indulgent mother. Ho received tho too common colleo education which re sulted in hiB having acquired no know ledge of any kind, save 011 tho Bubject of dress. Iti this reapect ho thought ho was an adept. Without any knowledo of busi ness ho mndo his start iu lifo with a good firm. Hero ho had overy chanco to innko a man of himself, to acquiro usoful and vnluttblo business habits and kuowlcdgo, and to work his way up in tho world. TJio drawback to his success consisted in his great admiration for himsolf and for tho oncor moro cirlswhoinhocnudosoendod to patronise. Part of his ufllce hours would be occupiod in corresponding with them, and another part in obtaining tho inuch needed rest of which ho deprived himself at night, for this youth was a man about town, a hftbituo of leading hotels and a lounger at tho bars. Of course such habits could not conform to thoso re quired by a boy in business. Ho lived in a fashtuunblo hoarding houso at tho ex- ponao of Ilia parents, so his littlo salary was his pocket money. But it can l>u readily imagined that this did not suffice for such a spark, and ho was soon in tho habit of borrowing from his fellow clerks. His want of sleep by night mado him stupid by day, and of courso ho, officially, proved a failure. His momory was liko a siovo and ho was practically useless. Filially ho associated with sports, and then tho downfall was more rapid. Ilo remained away from his office for a week or two without permission, and as a natural sequence ho remained away for- over. Now what will becomo of this youtli ? In his caso a good administration of tho birch would be advantageous. His parents are also to blaiuo for permitting him to grew up in such a fashion that mi impccuuious youth will start out in life by npoing aii!ni! and n millionaire. His end iB not difficult to foretell— dissipation, de bauchery and death. In tho second caso wo refer to, tho being has passed boyhood and should havo acquired bohso. If anything his caso is tho moro hopoless of tho two. Imagino a man on a fair salary, living ahmo and with no family tics. Yob ho can hardly bo called a man as men aro considered. Ho is imbued with moro of tho elements of womanhood, finicky, namby-pamby, a sort of dancing jackass— this at least is how ho is regarded by men who are men. His solo aim in lifo is to be a lendor in society, the chef among tho bon-ton. Ho has no initio friends, bub is always to bo found iu tho boudoir or in tho drawing- room. Ho is a fiist-nighti r ( at tho theatres, a lender in tho gorma;i, an usher at fashionablo weddings, in fact a -dude among dudos. Now can any man with a spark of. manly feeling pass such an ex istonco? No association worthy of .tho name with his fellows, who rather shun and sneer at his ways, ho wraps himsolf up in his Rolf-conceit and the ovor-cxist- in« consciousness of a too intense admira tion on tho part of tho fair sbx for Iiis beauteous figrno and shape, his moustache, the touch of his hand, and his elegance in dance. Oh, horrors 1 How such an ex istonco is to bo shunned. t Wo can im agine this being as the recipient of choice bouquets and accn ted notos, a spotless mor tal too good fortius sphere and who should soar -to higlior realms seated near tho throne of God. What his business habits and recommendations can he, it is diffi cult to imagine. Tho wear and tear of lato hours and dissipation must toll in timo. Tho necessary expenses in connec tion with' intimnte association among lead- in" society must amount to a largo share of'a modorato incomo, and leave but littlo for the necessaries of life. A careful em ployer would do woll to keep a watchful eyo upon bucU a one, and examino his ac counts with pertinacious regularity. . For oursolvos wo would not - koop him .five minutes, for tho association of swelldom miiBt needs bo costly, and no man of moderate means has the right to mingle with tho rich. He cannot afford to do as they do, and is but a base imitation of the richer mutal, and a verituble Bnob. . A. brAhoiier after trails wants to knew " why it ia, with so-many nogrooB dying, nobody ovor sees a black ghost? - Hp. ; " My darling, I renily beliovoniy rlicuma- tisra has wholly disappeared." : ; She; "Then Is'poso wo sliall never know when tha weather is going to change ?" An Irishman honring of a friond who had a eiono oolUn undo for himself, said,: "Faith, that's good. Sure an' a stone coffin 'ud lost a inon a lifetime" Footb, on his return from a visit to Ireland, wasa9ked if ho had soon Cork. "No," ho im plied ; " but when I was iu Dablin I saw a grea; many drawings of it." He : " But ain't you afraid your parents will be angry if wo get married ? ' . . Bnn : " No, they won't care. Why, they are married, too." " Sure, rmlieirltoan immimsn estate under ray father's will. When ho ordered my eldest brother to divide tlio house with mo, by Bt. Patrick, he did (t I— for iio tuk tho iusldo himself aud gave wo tho outside." Her Cousin ; " I must say, Emma, that you've grown quite handsomo; There; now, cau t you give mo a compliment in return 3" His Cousin : " Well, I siiould say that you aro a geutleuian of ozcofiont tasto." At tub tbcatro. Miss Barlowo (who i« sonio- whnt short-sighted) " Oil, nmiuraa, look at thus boautiful whito bonuot hi tho front row, contro aislo." . Mamjia: " Sh-b, child. That if old Mr. Wat- ion's bald head." . You so Mn. Si A3 v (to hib pretty cousin): "I say, Maud, how did ray song Home Again from » Foreign Stmro,' scera to impress th company V , Prktty Cousin : " Well, some of them, "Charley, looked as if ihey were sorry tlmt wo ever cairn? back." A lady graduate, boing out in tho country, wont Into tho stablo of a farmhouse. "Bear me, how closo tho poor cows aro crowded together," alio remarked. " Yes, mura, but wo havo to do that," "Why so?" " So thoy will give condensed milk." Brown : " I say, Dutnloy, lluhlnaon hns. throat-. j 'enrd that the first timo ho meets you ho proposes j to knock some librae-senso into you. You wans to look out for him." Buulk V;(contemptuou»ly) : "Pooh f .It would I toko a dozen men liko Iteblusoii to knock any J h«r«'MnEOteto xao." | i v. ' . " . 