"PRINCESS MIDAS." INTERVIEW WITH MISS CORNWELL. Misa Cornwell, a lady whose remarkable success in the development of the mining in- dustry in various parts of Australia has won ! for her the sobriquet of the " Princess Midas" j arrived in Brisbane on Thursday last, and ! yesterday morning a reporter from this office was granted the favour of an interview with her. In reply to his interrogations, Miss Cornwell said that the object of ber visit to Queensland was the inspection of those mines that have been floated on the Loudon market, and for this purpose ehe proposed to visit the Gympie, Mount Morgan, and Charters Towers mine«. " You know," said Miss Cornwell, " I have only just returned to the colonies from London about a month, and I desire to make myself acquainted with the character and prospects of these mines as far as I can deter- mine them. I bave some acquaintance with the New South Wales mines-with those at Tenterfield and Fairfield, and I also know something of the Adelaide fields- the Tee- tulpa district ; with the Victorian fields I am of course acqua>nted ; but I know nothing personally of tho Queeoslaud mines." " You are a native of Victoria, are you not, Mies Cornwell ?" "No; I am a native of Kngland, bot you may almost call me a Victorian, for I was only a baby io arms when I was brought out to the colony. It is now about five years since I began to take >n active interest in mining mutters-by that I mean the personal inspec- tion and examination of underground work- ings, and that sort of thing, which I now al- ways undertake myself." " But in what manner did you obtain the experience necessary to make such inspections of any value to you in your sulisequent opera- tions ? Few mea, let alone women, can obtain any really practical information front the examination of underground workings." "Simply through my natural love cf the thing. I have listened to the view« of the best theoretical men, and I have got practical men to show me over the mines and explain every- thing to me, and by putting together the ideas of both the theoretical and the practical men I have been able to form my own opinions ¡ and I base my subsequent judgments upon thc views I have arrived at in this way." "And have all of your mines turned out well ?" " Fairly so ; I heve only one failure, BO far; and that I don't call a failure yet because you can't consider a mine a failure when you arc not workiog it. All the other mines I hav« areconsidered very good, and they are certainly turning out very well, and therefore a numbel ot people say I am gifted with second sight. The mine I referred to which is just no* stationary, is that at Fairfield ; but I bellevi they will yet develop a lode there, They havi sunk a shaft 100ft. deep without finding anything but it ts most peculiar country round there. The mine was really floated on th« strength of the Adeline Company. Wheo ] first saw the district I saw the Adeline turning out extraordinary crushing material, and fell sure they would have something good, bul through bad management it collapsed, and that cauted the works at Fairfield to stop, But that ie only one of ray mines which hu had this fate. AU tho ether important minet have quadrupled their value since I took tbem up." " Is it your custom to go into minet wheo they are in a poor way, and upon the point ol being abandoned ! or do you look round for claims that are doing fairly well and.then by the expenditure of capital develop them ?' " No ; I take them up as a rule when they are at their lowest ebb. You know I often gel letters from people saying that they have nc iuods to go on, and offering to dispose of theil mines. I visit their pisces and carefully examino them, and if I find them good enough for investment by myself and friends, I go into them. But in many instances I get coo siderablo properties offered to me which I wil not touch at all. People called me a ' .-pecu lator,' but I am not in the least bit ; uhlesi there te a reasonable show of return I neve: go into these things, and I go into then merely to get the gold out of the ground an< not for market purposes, I am always a largi shareholder in the mines with which I havi anything to do, and I never go into one un lesa I can with tome degree of confidence asl ' my friends to take aa large an interest in it a I have myself, and I think this is one reasoi for my strength ; for people know that '. always go into tho mines as a ahareholde after I have carefully inspected them; and beside*-, I think one cannot speak with con fideoce to men io regard to a mine unless on has really faith in the thing," and then if yo do happen to make a mistake it is forgiven I gut very mucblnterested in my work, in deed. I like mining itself, and tblok it most enjoyable thing even to go through minet and; besides, there is tot good thi may be done. In some instances I bav started mines with only three men, and not there are upwards of fifty employed thers and it is reaUy a grand thing to feel that yo are finding work for men in that wa] ? Now that f have got to Queensland I parpo*, going to Gympie and then to Mount Morgat whion I have » great cariosity to sei I have not seen any mine of the same obaracU as Mount Morgan exoept the Bed Bock, whto they say is similar, and very naturally I wai to see the Rockhampton mine and compai notes. That's a very extraordinary disnovet at the Red Rock." " You think a great deal of it then ?" " I think it is one of those extraordtnai things which one cannot estimate at all. have never seen anything thing' like it, an should be sorry to make any assertion aboi it ; but wherever you try for gold you get i and there is a tremendous area of matrix thei that will take years to work ont. Wbethi it all contains gold or not is one of thoi things you don't care to say ; but it is a mo tremendous and alluring show. With regal to a country like that, where there ie i defined lode or vein, it is rather difficult I ria your faith to anything. However, whi have seen Mount Morgan I may be able 1 settle my mind on the subject. From Mom Morgan I think of going to Charters Tower as I want to see, as far as I can, most of tl mines that have been floated in tl home market. Besides, you know have purchased the Sunday Times in Londoi and I want the best information < these subjects. It ie the commercial ai mining columns of that paper that I am mal iug a feature of, and I therefore desire tl most reliable and thorough Information that can get. I have already very strong favou able convictions about Queensland mine When I waa in London eo many people can to my office and asked mo about Queenslat that I felt quite sorry that I had not bee here, and knew so little about the place, think Sir Thomas M'llwraith ought to have monument erected for him here for what 1 has d' nc for Queensland. It is the best ai vertised colony of the group, and betti known than either Victoria or New Sout Wales, «nd that is simply owing to Sir Tho M4llwraith's exertions. I had very numerot inquiries about this colony, and, wheo I w< floating Victorian miues and said they wei Buch good claims, people said, * Of COUTBC it a Queensland mine?' and I bad to explain I them that this colony had not the only goc gold-producing fields in Australia. But it - firmly established in the minds of the peop at home that Queensland is a great gold pn ilucing colony, and has yet to bo woi ked ou Anything in the way of mines that bas th ghost of a allow in Queensland will be take up in London." " Were you at home when Sir S. \> Griffith cautioned English investors agaiui the * wild cat' mirica ?" " No, I was not ; but that did a lot < harm. It did more harm than good there ; no doubt ; for it Stoppel the wave of frclin that was setting towards the colony thu would have brought a lot of money into th country. I tliiuk it was a very dangerot thing, in a colony like this, to say that an piece of land will not produce gold ; it is fi better to keep silent on the subject. Thei have been many notable Instances in Victorii where everyone has said that there would nc be an ounce of gold found, bnt where' after- wards large returns have been obtained. I know of one which produced fully £50,000. So il ia impossible to say there is no gold in any land in a mineral country like this, where the unexpected always happens. I don't think, therefore, that Sir Samuel Griffith did rightly or wisely. It may have been very honourable-no doubt it waa-but it waa . dangerous thing to do on the ground of public rlicy, as it prevented the influx nf capital, don't say it baa permanently affected the colony ; but it bas raised a doubt in the minde of people, and you will require some good returns from the mines now to restore their confidence. But you caa comfort yourselves with this, that you have, i 1 believe, the confidence of the Kuglisli public to a greater extent than auy other colony, for j you must remember that that caution did not affect the Queensland mines solely, but also those of other colonies. When I am at Charters Towers I shall visit Ravenswood if I can do so conveniently, but I have to be back io Melbourne in about five weeks' time to at- tend to tbe installation there of the Schans ebliffe electric light, as when I was at home I purchased for £40,000 the colonial rights of that invention, and my electrician will arrive about that time. The great feature of this light ia its suitability for miners' purposes, even apart from its usefulness for dwelling houses, etc. The manufacturing company constructs safety miueis' lamps which will burn for ten hours, giving a light of two candle power at a cost to the consumer of not more than ld,, while the present cost of candles for the same time is 3d., thus giving a clear saving of 2d. ia each drive per shift. Besides, it ia so thoroughly safe and convenient In each lamp there is a little battery, and all you have to do is to pour into it a saline liquid which excites the electric fluid, and you can light or ex- tinguish your Ump simply by turning it tbe right or wrong way up. It is wonderfully safe, and it gi vea a bright clear light. This is one of the.biggest things I have ever gone into, sud I think £40,000 was an extremely low ptice for it. I intend to float a syndicate in Melbourne to work it through the colonies and indeed they wanted to arrunge it as soon as I came ont ; but I would not do anything until the people have seen it for themselves. I shall make an installation at the Exhibition, and I am quite sure everyone will be satisfied with it ; for the installation I saw in London was the most fascinating thing I ever saw. In mining it will be simply invaluable, for it is absolutely secure from all possibility of causing explosions, and for domestic purposes it will, I feel positive, do away with all other means of procuring artificial light. The saline liquid is the invention that is patented, and it will be on sale at the shops just like kerosene. The lamps once procured will lost for ever so long, and they simply re- quire filling from time to time with the liquid just like oil lampa. Oh, by the way, I saw in the Courier thé other day an article about the Bed Kock District, which stated that Messrs. Warren de la Rue and Bryant were two of the London directors of the area I took up there. That is not so. They are directors for the M idas Company on Ballarat. M r. J. Darling- ton, a leading member of a very well-known London firm, is a director of the Bed Kock area." During further conversation Mies Cornwell remarked that she was not in Melbourne when tbe "silver boom " was on, and was not sure that she would have taken much interest in it, os that was not in ber way of business, though, in all probability, ehe would have been drawn into it. Although Miss Cornwell has for so long managed successfully eo many large business ventures, she would not strike one as being a business woman. There is nothing of that shrewd, keen, calculating manner about her which might be expected from such a lady. She ie a good conversa- tionalist, who seems more desirous of speakiog of other affairs rather than those with which she is connected, but who, when asked about them, speaks frankly and modestly, as if she thought any other woman could, by trying, have accomplished all or more than she hos done. 