TALE. Aii Unnoticed Incident. Part I. A iiIttkr wind was driving the sloet fiercely round all the coma's as Mrs. Railton, turning out of Hammersmith road, nenrcd her own door. She was carrying .1 heavy parcel by the string; her feet were wet, her eyes aching with the cold and the sleet, which had found the weak placo between her bonnet and cloak, and would probably give hern very bad sore throat ; but Mrs. Railton was not thinking of these things. She was thinking of summer, one summer Jifleen ycais ago. How bright it had been, and how hot, cvorywhere but in the wood, and even there the breezes had been faint and warm ! What glorious colors had lain among the shadows where the foxgloves and thundcrflowcrs grew in crowds! All, that was a pleasant place, and she had stood there leaning against a willow by the river, looking up eagerly into the handsome, eager young face bout down to her. Sho ulmost hoard her own voico saying, ' I aiu not fit to bo your wifs, Donald. I um so stupid and bo ignorant,' And in answor lio had told hor that clover mon always hated elever women, and that hor swcot ohildishnasj, hur nai'voto and simplicity were deaver to him than all tho wisdom in tlio world. Ah ! thosa wore ploasant times, and that was tho happiest day of all her life, clouded, perhaps, by a passing foar as sho listouod to this now lovortliat ' Cousin Donnis' might bo disappointed, but tho cloud only stayed for a moment,for sho did not know thon how to bo unhappy—nothing had over liappenod in her lifo to teach her. Now nil theso memories woro vory pleasant, but tliey wore vory unwiso. It would have beon niuoh wiser of Mrs. Railton to think of tho washing bills and the wator rato, 0 r to plan how sho might best disguiso the long tear in ICato's ulstor and mnko it down to fit Jnuo; but thon, as her lovor had joyously pointed out long ifgo, Mrs. Railton was not wiso, but rather tho rovorso, and, unfortunately, tho qualities which had been so charming to tho lover thon, only served to irritat0 tho husband now. Indoed, it is 11 n unfortunate fact that tho mon who 11 ae tho readiest to dispense with clovcrness in a pro' ty girl of povontoon, are the most intolerant of tho want of it in a wifo of thirty, telling tho poor wifo—if thoy liappon to meet with a clover girl who will notieo thorn at all—what a roliof it is to talk to a woman with a mind ! This is puzzling, and bewilders tho poor wives us to what is really expected of them, for it is" not every one who onn regulate. herself to tho perfect medium ; that is, bo clover enough to appreciate hor husband, but not olovcr enough to criticise him. Mrs. Railton rang tho bell, and waited wliilo tho one harassed looking norvant oamo from the dim regions below. Sho heard the noiso of tho family in tho bitting-roora at tea. Thoy wero in the habit of opening tho door to each other, but it did not; occur to them to disturb themselves for thoir mothor. Fatlior nevor did, and why slmdd thoy? When Mrs. Railton entered tho room Kato said, 'Aro you wot?' and Jack said, 'Aro you hungry?' aud thon thoy went back to thoir provious subject of noisy discussion. There aro fow things that give ono a mora unpleasant shook than to come homo and find ouo'b place filled, ono's wan (a forgotton. It gives ono a foretasto of death, faint, porhaps, but unpleasant. Mrs. Railton looked round tho tnblo; no ono mado way for hor. Hor husband looked up and said crossly: ' I wish you would try not to be lato, Lisa, it sets such a bad oxaiuplo to tho children.' Kato ro&o; from tho head of tho tablo, saying: ' You will have to send for moro tea ; this in finished.' But neitlior of them scorned to expect an auBwer, so Mrs. Railton gavo nono. She rang.the boll, and, while tho harassed servant wus bringing up some tepid tea and a sorniraw chop, pulled off her damp gloves, and found that her fiuger, which had been passed undor tho string of tho parcel of books, was bruised and out. Sho had not notiocd this •while her hands wero so cold, but it began to nelio and smart as eho held her fingers to tho fire. Mr. Railton want to his armchair ana lit his pipo ; tho cliildrcn went to tho other end of tho room and discussed their lessous in undertones. Mrs. Railton attacked hor comfortless toa. Sho was cold, andtirod and miserable, and longed, foolishly, for a little sympathy; so sho asked for somo. ' I havo liurn my finger,' said she. ' How did you do it?' said Jane, looking up from her books; but then Jano was always glad of an exouso to look up from her books, so hor sympathy did not count for muoli. ' I was carrying tlioso books for your fatlior, and I never noticcd that tho string was outting my finger, becauso my hand was so cold. ThoFo law books aro so heavy.' ' You should havo changed to nnothor finger,' said Kato practically. Sho was a liandsomp, clever girl, vory liko her father, and was certainly far too wiso over to hurt licrsolf by doing things for other people. ' Did you say you hurt yoursolf ? Whore are tho books, by tho way?' askod Mr. Railton. 'Tliero! Oh, thnnk you.' Thon as ho lookod at tliom ho added, fretfully : 'They aro all wroug; just as I might havo ' expeotcd.' ' Are they leally wrong, Donald ? Oh, what a pity! I was afraid of making mistakes that I gave the list you wroto out to tho librarian, aud tlioso aro what ho gavo mo. I nm so sorry thoyarowrong. ' I might lin-vo oxpcctcd it,' muttered Mr. Kailton crossly. ' I wished I hud goun „.y-. R^lf, hero's n wholo owning waititd. I oimo homo early 011 purpose to read. I might just, as well been nt <!ii ofiice.' ' I ntu so sorry,' repeated poor littlo Lw. 'So ;im I,' lie N;ii.l sharply,, and leaned moodily against tho in it.tle-pioco. ' Are you <[uito ;iuro they nro all wrong, Donald P' 'It is maddening to hnve a wliolo evening wnstod when I luivo s j fuw free said Mr.1 KiP.ton testily, ignoring her question. ' Since I unu't raid, I may us well go out. Kate, if von can manage to dress in twenty minutes I will take you to the tluai.ro.' Ivato gladly throw asido hor hooka and mil upstairs. Jano began to struggle with George for tho I'Vciich dictionary. Mrs. Kailton was not very much disturbed. Slio was accustomed to bo alighted, but uhe mado a weak protest. ' You should not take her from hor lessons, D maid.' • Sho can look after hor lessons herself. She is aovor behindhand iu her work.' ' Yoti promised to tike 1110 oao evening, and I think——' ' Oh, that's what you niacin, is it, by your anxioiy about her lessons? Paul, go upstairs aud toll your sistor to conio back to her b >oks. Your molher withes to go instead of her.' Paul, h chubby, .stolid h.ty of eight or nino —considered,tho clever one of tho family because ho mado tho least noise—only opene d hi* mouth aud waited. Ho felt mi tire in his father a louo and know ho should not! h»vo to go on that orrnud. Poor Lisa fell more luiseraolo than ever. Sho kuow she w-is boing- -wronged, but alio did not know how to state her case. ' 'I am much too tired to go out,' slio' said. •Then you needn't spoil my pleasure by making mo think you want to,' snapped her husband. .Lisa know ho was not at all likoly to disturb his en joy 1110111 by any thoughts of lior; but she was just as will, perhaps. ICato called at that instant to know if sho .-night borrow hor mother's oorals, mid Lisa went upstairs to got thorn for hor and neo that .-ho was well wrapped up. Presently a cab was whistlod for, ami tho father and daughter drovo off. Tho Kailtons woro iu tolerably easy circumstances. Tho children wont to good schojls, and Mr. Kailton could have afforded a batter house nnd more servants, ifhs had not preferred to savo in that respect, .and spend the money in ways ploasanterto liimaolf. If any 0110 hud suggested that ho ought to mako lifo ptoasautar to his wifo, ho wonld liavo regarded such an idoa as snntimental nonsense declaring that he was an exceedingly good husband, and that Lisa had everything sho wanted; and as for housework, that was a woman's duty. 'Want pleasure, indeed! A married woman ought not to want pleasuro, sho ought to stand asido at her age, and lot liar girls have tho pleasure.' A precopt, by tho way, he did not dream of applying to himself. Donald Kailton was a lawyer—getting 011 i fast, and moaning to got on much faster ; but, unfortunately, in hid progress I10 had loft (ho eager lovor, who assured sweet little Lisa Grey that her simplicity was tho very quality for which ho had chosen lier, so fur in tho past, that now ho had nofe oven patienco left for hia jaded, spiritless wifo, and much preferred tho company of his sharp' animated daughter, who could understand him, and who novcr looked into his uyea with tho rpproaohful wislfuluexs that t-om dimes mado his wifo's face so irritating. Mr*. Kailton had been sitting by tho fire about hulf an hour, engaged in "malting a neivfpetlicoat for Ivato, when tho door-bell rang, and tho harassed maid appeared announcing : ' A gentleman, ma'am. Shall I show him in the drawing-room, or in here ?' ' Why, in here, of course,' said a cheery voice; and next a tall, bearded, bronzed stranger stood in the doorway. ' Cousin Dennis!' ' Cousin Lisa!' 'Oh, Dennis, how tall you have grown!' ' My faith, Lisa ; how thin you are !' And these greetings over, Cousin Dennis West camc forward into the room and spoke to the children, seated himself by the fire and plunged into conversation. 'Tell me about everything,' ho began. 'How is Kailton ? Gelling on like a house on tire, I suppose ; and in a fair way to becomo Attorney-General, or something equally distinguished. Aud how are you, Lisa? You are us pretty as ever. May a cousin say that, now you are 11 dignified matron ? I remember fifteen year ago, you refused to sing duets with rae for a week, because I said something like that.'. Mrs. Kailton was not so pretty as she was fifteen years ago ;■ but if Cousin Dennis thought so, it was pleasant lie should say so iu that frank, brotherly tone. She asked what lie had been doing all these years. ' Making money, dear; such a lot of money. quite a fortune; and I have come to London to invest it. I am going to ask your hnsbaud's advice—he knows everything; lie always did kaoweverytliing. I say, Lisa, doyouremembor Lnrnc Woods fifteen years ago ?' Did she not? Had she not been thinking of it only that evening; though this dear, kind Cousin Dennis hu(J held but a small place in her thoughts. 'What a cub I was then !' went on Cousin Dennis. ' And how Kailton sat 011 me, and you, too ! You despised me because I was three months younger than you and very pioperly, too. What an exhibition I made of myself, and how you must have laughed at me J' ' I was so young,' said Lisa, for she could not denj having joined in Kailton's laughter> though in her heart she was sorry for the poor petulant boy who had taken her engagement to the handsome young lawyer so bitterly to heart. 'Yes,' laughed Dennis, 'I was three months your junior; that was the ofl'encc. You called it a year—you remember—bccauseyour seventeenth birthday had passed a week before, and 1 was still only sixteen. But it is only three months, you know. Well, Lisa, you will be glad to hear that I very soon got over my disappointment; indeed 1 have had a good many more since. I say, Lisa, now I look at you again, you don't look half so well as I thought you did. Have you been ill ?' It was true. Now the flush of pleasure aud' surprise had faded from her Sice, she looked as shi generally did, ill and worn. She murmured something about being orertired this afternoon. ' You arc, indeed, 1 e.m see,' he said, ' and you arc silting; in r.n uncomfortable chair all this while.' lie jumped up and looked round tlic room. ' Here, youngster move out of tint,' and disturbing tho stolid Paul from a low folding-chair ho brought it round to the fire, installed Lisa, in i;, i.-.-ought her a footstool and a screen, and then rcsealiit.; iuuiscii went on pouring out reminiscences, while .L\ui! stood by with his mouth wiue.- open than ever. Their tulle was all about the time long ago wten Lisa was a merry Iight- hcavled girl, the happiest in a happy home, with lather, mother, brothers and cousin all ready to pel her; when life seemed one Ion/; holiday, and time was reckoned by skating expeditions and hay" making and nut-gathering. ' And the piano, Lisa—the dear old piano. Do you remember our duels on it? Can you still play tit: barrel-organ with three notes missing? Do you remember 'Garryowen' P— our own arrangement, when I played the air down in the bass, and we made it sound so gloriously inebriated ? Cauld you piny it now ?' ' Let's go upstairs and try. Is there a /ire, children ?' Jane said, ' No, there isn't.' 'Never mind, wo can light it,' said Dennis. * Do you remember when we got up at -1 o'clock to gather mushrooms, and never went further than the kitchen (ire? We lighted it, you know, to cool: some breakfast, and then sat, making toast and drinking coffee, until we fell asleep, and didn't wake up until cook came down-stairs to make the regular breakfast.' They had gone upstairs while he was speaking, and Lisa lit the gas, and .pis about to put a match to the lire which, after the manner of second-rate households, was ready laid. Cousin Dennis said: 'A How me,' and took the matches from her, noticing tho hurt linger as he did so. ' Why what is this, Lisa ?' ' Nothing, nothing at all.' ' Yds, it is. How have yon hurt it ?' ' It is nothing ; only carrying heavy books.' ' Why, Lisa, since when have yoii taken to I reading 'heavy books'? And weio you so anxious to improve your mind that you damaged your fingors , It impressed the children vaguely that their mother did not say the books were not for herself; they would have said so in a moment and got all thi sympathy they could. Thenmother got sympathy enough, however, even on the misunderstanding that she had hurt herself in her own service. Cousin Dennis | dispatched Paul for vaseline, and Jane for an old handkerchief, and made just as much fuss ovjr mother's little ailment as mother would i have made over one of them. This astonished tho children completely; and all the evening, while Lisa talked and laughed like a girl over old, by-gone jokes and by-gono scrapes and adventures, they crowded round her to listen, with a respect for her unknown before. Mr. Railton, when told of Dennis West's arrival, remembered him faintly as a forward boy, whom he had very properly put down, but did not take enough interest in him to be plcasod or displesed at his reappearance until he heard about tho money. Tiien he was pleased, naturally; the mere novelty of the thing was delightful. In these hard times we arc so much likelier to meet with people who want to raise money than people who want to invest it. So he made Dennis -welcome to his house, and gave him a great deal of very useful advice. Dennis had a good deal of money, -is he had said, but it was scattered at random over the globe. Wherever in his restless life he had happened to acquire money, he had invested it on the spot it concerns good, bad, or indiflcrent. The good investments Mr. Baillon advised him to leave alone. The bad were to be called in at once—even at a loss—but the indifferent were to be dealt with cautiously. The most extensive among the latter were in Mcrgui, and it was settled between the two men that West should go out again presently, fortified by a great deal of advice from Railton, to dispose of them satisfactorily. Meanwhile, Dennis West went often to the little house in Upton street, and the oftencr lie wont the less he liked it. Not only because on a nearer acquaintance he found Donald Kail ton to be narrow-minded, selfish, and contradictious, but because he saw Lisa incessantly worried and slighted, and had to see it in sileuco. Oh, I had onoo a truo lovo, ' Now I havo a very ill-tempered husband, And I had three braw blithers, but Ihae tint thoni a'. My father and my rnithcr sleep in the mold this day. I Bit mo laue—in tho midst of a lions? full of unattraotivo and intraetible ohildora, Dounis hummed this very freo adaptation of one of Lisa's songa ono afternoon in March us ho walked toward Upton-street. Poor Lisa! Onoc tho spoiled darling of ft happy homo, now tho tired drudge oi an inconsidornto household. Ho could not fieo how aho could possibly havo any pleasuro in living. Denuis West was a naturally light-hearted man who had never realised that tho greater port of mankind has no pleasuro in living. He thought of his poor little cousin's troubles as something exceptionally sad and terrible ; to-day, as ho nciired Lisa's door, ho tvas thinking that, if ho did not make hasto and get au-ny to Mar^ui, ho must havo a big row with Railton, and tell him what ho thought of him. Ho rang tho bull and waited pationtly, for it often took tho harassed servant somo timo to disongagoherself from tho mysteries below and put on a clean apron. But presently it dawned on him that, as ho was not expected, tho family jnight bo out. Then it occurred to him that on sueh a lino afternoon everybody might be in tho garden. So ho walked round to tho ond of tho road and up tho lane at tho b-sulc, counting tho shabby brown doors until ho found tho right number. Tho door stood open, showing the narrow strip of damp garden. Dennis looked eagerly forward to see if any one was in it, but before ho could see ho could hear. Only the old story, something had gone wrong, and Lisa was being scolded and sneered at before tho children. ' You should havo had tho children roudy in time, and been ready yourself. I won't wait. Wo have missed one train already. Wo ought to bo thero now.' ' It is very unkind of you to leave mo behind.' 'It in your own fault. You had better uimo by tho next, train.' 'I will not come alono on a visit, and let evory ouo see how my husband treats me.' Dennis movod away quickly, partly bocauso ho know, what bitter words would follow Lisa's indignant speech, and he did not want to hear them, and partly because he know tho shortest way to tho railway station was through the book garden, and he did not wish Railton to see him. Ho might change his mind, and stop at home, and Dennis did not want that now; ho wanted to soo Lisa, and cheer her a little if ho could. Ho heard a noisy party troop out Iio gave them timo to turn round tho corner, anil t.linn lio Biitored at tho gate. Iiina Htood nloim in tho gatden, tho curly spring light falling round hor, seeming to mock thu big toavs on her faun Her surrounding were, not pontic. Tho Jittlo (rim l'oivs of oabbngo phmts and carrots wcro sproutiug fooblv on each sido of hor. Thodampinouldof tho path, sprinkled stingily with a fow ungainly pebbles, looked dull mid squalid 1:1 tho afternoon light; in tho buckground, tho harassed servant was languidly shaliing a duster out of a be..I room window. Dennis stood in tho doorway looking at Lisn. Sho had on a big- print apron, mid if wns rather dirtyher hair \yaa untidy, her face tired and flushed, vory possibly it was Homowhat dirty, too But Dennis West did not seo all this—ho only raw that, standing there, »ho suddenly put up hor hands to her faeo and brulce into helpless, hopeless, tears; then slic turned without seeing him and wont into tho house, her head bent, her shoulders shaking with tabs. And weeing thin, .Dennis was filled with an overmastering pity. It was truo—as ho had taken pains to inako hor understand—ho had quito ovorcomo his old boyish lovo; but ho had not forgotten his friendship for tho playmate of his childhood, nor his gratitudo to hor father and brothers—who had boon brothers and a fathor to him—and for friendship's sake, and for gratitudo, he would do what ho could for Lisa now. 1 io oould not do much ; ho oould not chango her husband into an Meal lovor ;ho oould not reform hor children,nor plant groves of trees all down Upton street to improve tho proapoot.; but ho could at least got there of tenor than over to cheor hor up Ho ooidd talk ovor old timos with hor, play over old tunes, keep hor husband in good temper and provout tho children from plaguing her, at least ono ovouing every week ; and ho would do so, ovon if he had to lot tho Morgui property go to ruin. Iio waited about half nn hour, and thou wont round to tho front of tho liouso and askod for Lisa. Ho found her patient and sweat us ovor, ready with conventional oxcusos J for her husband's absence, aud not a sign of auger or diseontont on hor face, aud finding I this, his pity and venoration for hor grow all tho t'eopor. Denuis nothing married, there is no means of judging v»hut sort of a husband ho would havo inado liimsolf ; but thero is 110 limit to ono man'H indignation when anothor man | nogleots his wilo. Indeod, howover indifferent a man may bo toward his wito, ono wonders that, if only for polioy, ho doos not conceal it boforo other num. Tho sight of a slighted v/ifo invariably raises all that is noblo and chivalrous in an onlooker, and a frioudshipfounded on chivalrous devotionon ono side and gratitudo on tho other, is about tho most dangerous friendship that can oxist botweon a married woman and a man not hor husband. It assails hor on hor weakest and most womanly side—tho need of protection. It onlists all his best qualities on tho sido of wrongdoing, until while she thinks sho ia only gratoful and sho only means to bo gouorous, thoy drift past all help. When Dennis thought ovorything over that night, and his own mind roaflirmed his unspoken resolution to roinaiti iu London for tho sako of rendering poor little Lisa's life as boarablo as possible, ho went to sloop with au easy mind, utterly unconscious that any praolioal person would havo toldhiui that none hut u fool or a Icuuvo would havo made suoh a resolution. Part II. Tho spring aud summer and uutumu had passed monotonously, but moro pleasantly, to Lisa than any timo sinco tho first few months of her marriage. It was winter now again, just u yoar sinco Dennis Wost had dropped so | unexpectedly into hor lifo, and in all that year his friendship and novor failed hor. Ho was I away just now—somothing had gono wrong I with his buiuioss atlairs, and ho had boon sponding tho past week or two in looking after thorn. It was cold, bright, frosty weather now and Mr. ltailton, who was certainly a hardworking man, was talking advantages of ono of his raro holidays to give his family a day's skating, Tho children woro al mustorod ic tho hall, and Mr. ltailton was looking thorn ovor to see if thoy woro in evory respect fit to go out with him ' Lisa, look at that child's glovos.' Lisa looked. ' Put on her best gloves to-day, Paul ' I haven't got any bost.' ' Yen, dear, you havo. Wiioro aro thoy p I£bought you a pair u fortnight ago.' • So sho had ; but Jano had been surrepitiously wearing thorn tt> school every day, and this tvas tho result. ; , 'I havon'tany but those,* Paul said stolidly, with a hazy motion that oithorho or Juno was in for a row, and that it had hotter bo he because Jano was only a girl. ' ! You naughty boy, you know I bought you a new pair. Where aro thoy ?' ' There, thoro, don't scold the poor child and spoil his day,' said Mr. Railtoc fretfully. ' I really think you might try to havo tho children deeontly dressed whon I nm going to take them out.' So it was mother who was in for tho row aftor all. Woll, mother was always in rows > still it soemod rough on mother that sho should ha scolded because thoy had not oboyed her. AVhon thoy reached Kegont's Park, thoy found tho ice oearing, and a good many skaters. The frost hud not lasted long, and tho Humane Society was in full forco with all its apparatus. Thu sight of tho ropes aud ladders startled Lisa, and sho iimidly suggested that thoy should inquire which was tho shallowest part. Tho shallowest part' howover proved to bo also tho most crowded; so Mr. Bailton decided to try olsowliero, whero oniy a foiv skaters were disporting themselves, and ten minutes Inter thoy woro on tho ico. Thero is nothing like violent exeroiso for driving away low spirits, and thero is no evercise moro delightful than skating—so slight a motion of the muscles sends this heavy body, which drags so wearily on foot, dying lightly along, tho fresh wind blowing in tho face, the warm blood dancing and racing through all ono's veins, in tho intense enjoyment of motion with the fatigue of motion. "Wo riso to tho level of & bird whon skating only Mercury-likc, our wings aro on our feet. Before long Mrs. Hailton was enjoying herself thoroughly, and Mr. Hailton laughing happily with tho children. The children skated well and did not nocd to bo dragged about which was fortunate, for Lisa would certainly have done most of tho dragging; aud, as it was, sho was in a fair way to spend tho afternoon vory jdeauuutly indeed. Slio watched Lor tall stylish daughtor skating about with her lathor, mid thought how well thoy looked together. So did t.lio younger on en ua thoy dasliod aboui in couples. Lisa was Uio odd ouo os tlio party; but it did not occur to her to let that troublo lior. 1'Yo.ili vplo kept coining 011 tlio ico. Sho enjoyed watching almost aa much as filiating Presently, an sho stood at the further oiul of tin) pond, her husband and ohildron onnui skating towards hor; thoy stuppe.i as tlioy neured Iter, and for it low momenta thoy nil stood in o group watching tho rost of tho skaters. A HltiUv.irt couple, both about six foot high, oarao bleating clumsily, but happily, along, wavered, clutched wildly atoaeh other, and foil. A fo.v good natural people rushed forward to assist them, when tliuro was heard a resonant onielc, and a long white lino shot auroafl tho ontiro width of tho pond. Thcro was a chorus of ' Olis'—half laughter niul half four—and ft gonoral ttlampudo for tho shore. Mr. Railton was one of tho lirst to move, but in a second, ho reuolleutod, slopped, hesitated, thon soized lvito iu 0110 hand, Paul in tho other mid made for tho bank, calling to tho others to como 011. Lisa stood breathless. Sho had neon tho pause, the consideration—' "Wliioli shall I save1—and that sho )md bcon loft, and tho sight tool: away all dosiro and power to move. Next second, two strong arms soized her nlioulders, and she was hurled, rather than drawu, into safety. livery 0110 Htood silent on tho bank, waiting to seo tlio water bubble up through tho oraok. Thoy did not soo it. Tlio ice looked as strong and as sifo as over, and prosoatly people bogati to renlizo this and to feel foolish. Lisa hoard n low, jolly laugh, and, looking up at hor rescuer, saw a big, black beardod man who took oll! his hat and bogan apologizing for his unnecessary roughness. ' No dangor whatovor; tho ioo is jusj, settling down. I suppose you kuow that and so didn't move. I thought you wero too frightened to nth-, and so I just Hliofc you oil. I hopo I didn't hurt you; but I saw you wore quite alono, and it took tho disgrace oil' my own ilight toresouo somobody.' Ho laughod again and started ou tho ioo onoo more, followed by several otliors. • I say, he thought mother was alone!' said Paul. ' If tho ioo had brokon, and you hadn't got wot, I should havobeen glad ho was there, wouldn't you, fathor ?' No one seemed disposed to follow Paul into these abstracted speculations. Mr. Railton changed the subject abruptly, saving : 'Nonsonce; don't let a little crack like that frighten you. Come along.' Mr. Railton. was. perhaps just a little ashamed of himself and that made his lone al' the harsher. ' I do not care to come.< roil can't stand about all aloiio ill the cold. If you won't skate, you had better go homo.' 'I will go. Tell the children I am tired. I need not ask you to take care of them.' 'I am sorry you arc tired. Mind and take a good rest when you got home,' and ho skated after the children round the comer, leaving her on the bank. A sudden turn brought bearded rescuer to her. He saw her struggling with her skates and stopped. A look of good-natured remorse o-yeispread his handsome, kindly face, as lie noticed her colorless lips and trembling hauds. 'Going? Let me take your skates ofi", and lot me apologize again. I can see I frightened you, though the crack didn't. Perhaps Ihurt you, but we never have any ice in Ireland, sol don't understand it, and I really thought tliore was danger, and, as you were alone—Pray do not be angry with me.' He changed his sentence, because ho saw that for some reason his words troubled her, and supposed that she resented his addressing her a second time; though, indeed, the veriest prudo living could not have taken oll'ence at his frank, impersonal manner. Lisa left a sudden rush of emotion to think only a stranger should care.to deprccato her anger. ' Indeed; I am not angry. lam very much obliged to you.' ' Then I hurt you. You are looking as white as a ghost.' ' No, not at all; indeed no, only I am tired, and not very well, so lam going home. Thank you,' as he gave her her skutcs neatly strapped together, and she made au ofiect to look strong and independent as she walked up the low, steep bank. ,' One moment,' he said. She turned. ' I'm waiting for my wife,' he said,' but she won't scold mc for making her wait when I tell her what I have been doing. You must let me see you home or at least to the station.' ' Oh, thank you 110, it is not in the least necessary.' ' Not in tho least.' said another voice. 'It seems I am come just in time to be of use, Lisa.' ' Oh, Dennis, I am so glad to see you back again.' 'That's all right, then,' said the stranger cheerfully, ' can leuve you; with a easy conscience.' ' Thank you, very much,' said Lis.iThe stranger waited just a second because, if tho now-ooiner were the lady's brother or husbu ud, it was only natural ho would want to mako souio acknowledgment of his attention to her ; and such wan tho l'rauk ehecrf illness of his manner that Dennis found himself instmetivoly murmuring some indistinct courtesy. Thou ho uud Lisa walked toward tho gate in silence. Presontly Lisa said : ' Don't you think he must be rather u nice husband ?' ' WhoP' ' Why, ho; tho gentleman who took off my skates. 1 was tired, and wanted to go home, and couldn't uiauago tho straps.' • Didn't Donald know you wanted to go home ?' ' Yos, of course I didn't go without tolling him; but he was at tho other side of the pond. I daro say he didn't know I was going just at that moment.' Poor Lisa ! botwoen her sense of discomfort at what sho took for a rebuke in Dennis' tone, and !'-r dislike of explaining her husband's nogleot, sho spoke very lamoly. But sho was mistaken. Tho disapproval was not for her, for Dennis had reached tho bridge a moment before tho ice cracked, and had seen and understood the whole incident. ' I dont think it was exactly proper,' clin said, * but he only meant to be kind; beeauso ho saw, I mean, thought, I was alone.' 1 You wore ulone,' said Donnis abruptly. ' Whon I am not with you you aro ulwuys alone, wheu will the others como buck ?' ' Oh, not until Into : thoy woro going to n little party after tlio skating. I hud forgot toil that.' And she remembered that 110 ono hud recalled it to hor iniiul, or naked lier if sho would join them whon the wum vested. TJioy walked on in silence to tho Sliirylobono-roud; uh tliey crossed it u sickly, hideous column of smoko rushed up through one of the ventilators of tlio underground railway. ' Oh dear,' she wild, taking a deep breath of tho ulear frosty air, ' wo have to go down tluit to got home.' ' A\ru aro not going homo,' twiid Denuif, quiotly, 'wo are going somewhere, anvwhere, it does not matter; a picture g.illery will da.' ' 1 tliinkl uliould like il,* said Lisa, hosiUtiug. 'I am not wanted at homo, the ehildron will not be back until tliu uveuing ; and Donuld will bo quite late, and a pictiuogullery will bo sueh a ploasant ehango.' ' That it,' Had Dennis shortly. ' It's time you hud u change.' They walked walked on, oil through tho streets until thoy reached tho gallery; but wlion thoy reached it Dennis led her past all tho pictures to u quiet sent, and signed lior to sit down. She looked up surprised. • We ottiuo horo to talk,' ho said shortly, 'Lisa, I was ou tho bridgo just now uml saw all that happened.' She saw something in his faco which she did not uudorstaud. 1 Thou—it iu no uso pretending any nioro,' alio said. ' No ; no, it is no uso pretending any more. Lisa, all this year you havo been pretending not to bo wrotuhed, and I havo been protondinsr to boliovo you. But J havo known all tho t,iuio how things woro.' 'Yes,' she said, ' I was protending to bo satisfied when 1 thought You believed mo but. that is no use now. It is often liko that— nearly always whon you aro not there.' When lie was not there ! And ho had eomo to tell her that ho must go away for good. That was tho news ho had brought back from his throo weoks of inspection. His losses had boon so groat, his affairs had become so involved that nothiug but his own jjicseuce could stave oil' ruin. He must toll her that ho must luavo her—almost at onee —leuvo her now sho hud grown usod to his friendship—lcavo lior without a friend in the world, to boar hor troubles ulono ? Oh, Lisa! glad-hoartod, bright-soulod Lisa, woro you only mado for this—to woar out your life as tho despised drudgo of a man who lias tired of you ? And must tho man who loved you as a ohild, and moro deep and tender than tho old, loavo you to bear your burdon alono ? No, nevor. Sho had as good a right to lovo and lwtppinoM as any woman in tho world. Why should sho livo this long, slow death, when ho oould givo lior far bettor things ? 1 You waut to tell mo aomothing,' bIio said. ' la it—is it that you uro going sooner than you thought?' ' I am going at once.' She watched him with parted lips, waiting perhaps guessing what was coming, for his voioo bad no sound of farewell in it. ' Lisa,' ho wont on, ' whon I first caino buck I tried in my bluuderiu^ way to show you that my childish lovo lor uiy iiretty tyrannical cousin was gono, outgrown.' ' Yes, 1 understood; if it hud not boon so, you would not havo como.' ' I would not, Lisa. I camo back to be your friend, and I stayed to bo your friend, and I saw your sweotness, and your patienoo and your Buffering. And now I lovo you ten thousand timet) moro thau over you were loved iu your beautiful youth.' 1 Oh, my beautiful youth!' It was a ory of bitter regrot for good things hopolossly past. • Thero is no woman on cnrtU moro to bo pitied than you. Your youth is gone, and your beauty is gone, and you havo nothing inMead of thorn.' ' Why do you toll mo?' bho said, wearily. ' Do I not know ?' ' Lisa,' ho went on, ' some wotuon havo to boar poverty, and hoar it booaupo their husbands lovo thom. Soiao havo to bear noglnot, but thoir lives aro passed in oaso, and they do not mind it; others, who havo neither lovo nor comfort, havo prido and pleasure in their ehildron. What havo you ? I r.lono lovo you, why should you not lovo me ? I alono want you, why may I not havo you ? Lisa, 1 swear to you that if your husband lovod you, I Bhould not; if thero had be-on any hopo in your life, I shouldhavo been content to havo passed out) of it iu silonco ; but you know us well as I do, that tho shook once over, no ono will oven miss you. Remember what happened just now.' It was true, sho know it. If she had died that day, sho knew how little difference it would havo mado in her homo. 'Your husband, whom you trusted iu your youth, fails you now. Can you deny it.' ' No.' • And to which of your oliildron can you turn, saying : ' This one at least, will bo tho comfort of my ago ?'' ' To none of them.' ' Lisa, will you coino with mo to-night to Mergui ?' Thoy stood facing oacli oilier, a fow foot apart. Thoro was no passion in thoir voicos or thoir oyos. Sho only waited while ho spolcn his unalterable conviction. ' You havo no idea what it will be liko,' ho said. 'Instead of your life horo, with its endless slights and lovoloss patienoo, instead of the burden which has woi n your poor, weak hands and bruised your dear, truo heart, you will liavo rest and perpetual sumiuor, and soft airs, and eudloss lovo and tenderness.' ' I will eomo.' 'Wo will go to-night,'ho said. 'I havo had nows which inakos it absolutely necessary that I should go at oiico. If you come with mo, Donald will never gueBS whoro wo aro. Ho will not think I havo gono to Morgui, beoauho I havo so often spoko of going thero. lie will think that waf only a blind.' ' I dare say.' ' Tho train starts at 11.30. Will you come to my rooms ? That will ho bettor than your going to tho station. Stations are bo orowded. I should not liko you to be in a crowded station at night.' ' I will oome.' 'Ho—Donald, I moan—will not bo back until lute you say ? Tho stoamor will have started boforo ho lindt) that you havo gono.' ' 1 suppose so.' ' Till to-night, then. Wo must part now. I havo things to arrange. Do not bo late.' ' Good-by.' ' Good-by, Lisa my lovo. I will make you so happy.' ' I hopo so, I think so; and I uliould liko to bo happy boforo I dio, und no ono wants ino here.' Sho rose as Bho spoko, uud ho put hor into a cab at tho door. ' Do not bo lator thun 11 o'olook,' ho said. 'No.' She did not look up as tho cab drove off ; she sat us in a dream. So it was all over— the long bitter, joyless struggle—sho was going to bo happy at last. Ono person in the world wanted hor, she would go to him, nnd hor place liore would simply close up. No ono would miss her; no one would even bo surprised ; whatever sho did had always been displeasing. Sho had tried so hard to bo good all theso yoarB, and what was tho uso ? Tho harassed servant showed no surprise as sho re-entered, only inquiring if. siioe she had como home, she would clean tho plate as she usually did on Wednesday afternoons. Lisa said, 'yes,' and put on her apron to begin, laughing softly to herself as slio polished tho host tea-pot atul tho not very numerous iipoous uud forks, to think tliut sho wits nover to do such work again, for hIio was to bo n happy woman, loving mid Iovod. Tho tinio paused quiokly, alio was astonished to find how Uto it was. Wucii tho ohildreu returned fiom tho party tiny wore liri'd, which was fortunate, for it miulti tlu'iu inclined to go to hod, u.id thoy wont on hor suggestion without tmy opposition. Tho oldest girl lrid stayed witli hor father. Lisa was nnnoyod nnd distrossoil, for grown-up jmrtior) mill Into hours woro ovon moro harmful for K ito tlmu for most younir girls. Tlicn sho romombored that; nothing Kuto did nocd concern hor now. Tlicro was positive rent in tho thought already. Poor Lisa! A strong-minded, high-spirited ".vonmn would have known bettor, would havo kiuiivn tho road eho wan taking liad liovor yet proved tho roiul to happiness. A wino woinm would havo soon tho wcukuess of .Dennis' arguinoutH, would liavo understood bolter what. nliu was doing. But po.ir Lisa wau not wise, and had no strength of mind or will. That was not hor fault. Ronald Iluiltou had ohoson a fool, and, liming married hor, had bluntsd hor faculties and dulled tho littlo iatoUigomio bIio hud by neglcet nml harshness ; ho bIio had got into tho way of doing what, sho was told whou it wan unpleasant, now sho would do what sho was told when it seemed vory, vory pleusauU indeed. "Who among hor family could 10proiioh her ? Who of tliom deserved that she should still saorifico liorsolf to tliom ? J.t took hor vory litttlo time to make her fow preparations. It was 10.45 o'clock aw sho stood on tho landing roudy. Tho door into tho hoys' bedroom stood opon, tho gas was still full on; meelmiiioiilly sho enteral to turn it down. Tho youngo.st hoy was in his crib ; who passod by him almostourolossly. Paul lay a,sloop with ono hand grasping u crumpled papor. Thoro was a uortain beauty in his slolid, ohubby faoo after all. HiH nioutli, too, looked actually pretty wliou it was shut. • llow T would liavo lovod my children if they luul cared about it,' who murmured standing over Paul's bed, and half-ashamed of otroriii).! unsought tuudornuHS, sho stooped and kilned him. ' Mothor,' lio started awako suddenly, rubbing his oyos with his loft himd. ' Yes, it's mother,' and ho hold out tho oruniplod paper toward her. ' AVliat is this, Paid P' and unfolding it. hIio saw two eruslusd macaroons in tho lust stuto of heat and stickiness. ' Thero'ru from tho party you didn't go, and I thought you'd lilto some.' ' Paul, did you think of mo at tho parly!" ' Yes, lots. I'vo boon thinking u long tiino. I'vo been thinking ' 'What havo you beou thinking V' 1 You'ro always doing things for us, and nobody is good to you but Donnis, ami lio's going away, and t.horo won't bo anybody ; so I am going to bo always liko Dennis to yon.' Young lis ho was, ho was thoroughly English, and ho lookod moro ashamed of his good impulse than if ho bad beon caught slealiug jam. His mother was looking at him in eager wonder, lio wont on, mumbling his words, scarlet-fncud, and rubbing his oyos with both bands; now both woro i'reo. ' Father's ulwnys scolding you, and wo liothor you, and Tommy J3ront'iuuothoc isn't half as nieo as yoa; but tlioy are all good to hor, and wo'ro horrid ; but I won't bo any moro.' ' My son, my bou !' she oriod, ' do you uudorstand wlmt you say ? You will not forgot to-morrow ? You aro bo young, you uanuofc understand.' Sho thing herself on hor knees by tho bed, gazing with piteous oagornoss into his liulfuwakoued face, and, as sho lookod, "i'lio soul of tho oliild stood up in liis oyos,' and sho know it was no childish wliiiu, but tho beginning of a groat joy for hor. Ho put his warm arms around hoc nock, and fell asleep thoro. Ton minutofl to 11. Sho wouid soon bo with him, and ovorytliing was ready. Dennis paood up and down his room iu a fovor of impatience, moro mitfcrablo than over ho had boon in his life. Ho had triumphed—that is, ho had Buocecded iu making tho woman ho loved other than sho might liavo boon. Sho was worse, uud not bettor, for knowing him. Ho had porsuuded hor to do wrong in tho hopo that, togother, thoy might linil happiness, aud his misery had begun already. Lisa, tho patient, gontlo saint. Ho, had made her no longer a saint. He, who luul moaut to be licr best frioud, was now hor worst tuomy. Ho had loved her for hor purity, hor sweet putieneo aud onduruneo. What if ho coasod to lovn her now lie himself had destroy oil thoso qualit ies ! It would not astonish him ! Nothing would astonish him that ho fuuud himsolf doing now. Ho had thought hiiusolf honorable and upright, and ho was neither. He had thought himself a true friend to Lisa, und ho was nono. Now, whou ho thought himself a faithful lovor, how could ho tell that ho was not mistakon V Ho felt himself bo faleo aud contomptiblo that no further discovery of buseiiess in himself would havo surprised him. It grieved him to think that Lisa had trusted herself to ono so contomptiblo. lio romombored how ho had always coon and known that such actions as his ondod in wretchedness. He quite bolioved that now. How oould he trust his good intentions to Lisa whon thoso other good intentions had broken down ? How oould ho bo suro of his lovo whou liis friendship was such a miserable failuro ? Tho clock struck 11. Ho started. Sho must bo thoro iu a minute, and tlioro would bo no going back. Tho thing was ilono already. Just then ho heard tho door open. Ho groaned and hid his face. Ho had realized his own fall alroady ; now ho know that sho too was in tho mire with him. ' Telegram, sir,' It was tho landlady who onterod. Dennis took tho envelope, aud read tho contents : ' Do not wait for inc. I cannot come. Paul loves ino. You havo taught him to lovo me. Good-by.' ' Thank God!' ho cried. * Sho is safe aud my spotloss saint is spotless still.' Donald llailton is getting ou in tho world Ho is iu a fair way to become AttorneyGoneral, and is moro satisfied with himsolf than over; he nover know what an escape ho had had that December ovoning, which was aa well, for ho was incapable of nndorstandingt ha story had ho heard it. Ho noticed that his wife grow daily brighter and stronger, and probably tl ought that she was growing wiser as sho grew oldor. Tho othor children noticed that P.ml nover contrudioted mother now ; and, moreover, that lio punched Will's lioad for so doing, and when his mother robuked him for it, listened quietly uud suidho would not do it agaiu. All this roused tlioir ustonishmout at first und then their rcspeet. Tlioy Brow to understand that mother had a champion now, and that tho clever ono of tho family. Tlioy grow to Beo how eagerly their mother waited for Paul when ho was out, and what u pleasure it was to Paul to tell all his news to lier ut tho end of every day, until at last they, too, began to cliango their manners and to bco all the beauty and lovableness of their mother's oharaeter. Kate, indoed, will always bo hor father's daughter, and nono of thom will over bo to Lisa what Paul is ; Jio is her strougth and joy, s iinething daily to thnuk God for. Satisfied with his lovo, her liusbund's bitter words grievo her no Ion gor. Now that sho has u defence against thom lie has naturally ceaaod to speak them, and any advance ho makes she meets muoh moro than half-way. Sho has resolutely turned hor back on the past and life grows daily brighter und brighter. But porliaps, years honce, sineo Ootisin Dennis will probably soon be married to tho Consul's daughter, whoso namo has been so often in his letters lately, porhaps, -when Paul speaks to hor of some woman ho loves, and whose love he has won, sho will, in wamin tr, toll him of that dangerous moment in hor life and show him a crushed oraokor paper hold ing two oruiubUuL' macaroons. -All the Year Hound. 