' HUMOUR. The rolling joko gathers lots of moss. — Puck. Jlamh't iB a play for all timo. It will never givo up tho ghost. ' - It is a smart man who knows his own pic ture when it is published in a newspaper. — Washington Star. There were four candidates for tho Presi dency of tho Fronoh Chamber, and Mr. De^ille waB tho hindmost. The wiso geographer who has his cyo on the roval familr of Germany is not publish ing any large and expensive map of Europe just now. A scientist says a wasp may be picked up if it is dono quietly, xes; it is whon the wasp is laid down again that the noise beginB. — Life. Wife — Women are often criticised for wearing loud oolours. What would you call a loud colour ? Husband — Teller, I suppose. Boston Journal. ' Water is medioine,' read a toper in a sani tary journal. ' Noxt, some fool will be ad vocating water as a beverage,' he added, with a look of disgust. ' What a labour-saving invention the type writer is! Don't you find it a great con venience ?' ' Convenience ? Drat 'em ! They many off faster than I can fill their places.' Being asked to state her birthx)laco and when she was born, tho witness, au actress, answered : England. I was born on a date whioh I was too young to know. I am old enough to testify.' ' A genteel carver,' says a book on eti quette, ' always sits when he carves.' (Jarvers who get on tho tablo and havo a wrestling match with the chicken aro known by some other name. No Nearer Relationship — Fascinating Fe male Pawnbroker (a widow usiog the privi lege of tho year) — Mr. Augustus, I lufs yon. Vill you pe mein husbant ? Augustus (Grmly) — No, 'Mrs. Solomon Levi; you can only be an undo to me. In great luok — Friend — ' Was your uncle's will satisfactory to you, Brownr' Brown — Perfectly so. I'm a lucky dog 1 He left his entire fortnno to an insano asylum.' 'Tou mean that you aro an unluoky dog.' 1 No I don't. The other relatives are going to con test the will, and I'm going to be tho attornoy. — Life.' 'No, James,' said a young wife, 'I don't like that house we looked at. Why, there isn't a cobweb in the whole pantry.' ' What do you want a cobweb in the pantry for ?' asked her husband. 4 Why, to hang the spider on, to be sure.' Husband — Wusn't it very late last night when young Sampson left ? Wife—Yes, very. Husband — And Clara is not up yet ? Wife — No, poor girl. I thought I would let her sleep. Husband — I wonder if the young mau really intends to propose to Clara 't Wife — I think he has done so already, I noticed this morning when I came down that one of the legs of the large easy-chair in tho parlor was broken. He (admiring a vase of flowers)— Aren't mcy ocauimur uoyou Know, ivuss iwugu, they remind me of you ? Sho (softly) — But, Mr. Cute, they are artificial. He — Ah, yes; but you'd never know it. — Judge. Tiik Patent Bed SritiNG.— Our patent spring bod has been remodelled, Tho one for two in a bed is so arranged that the part tho wife lies on can bo set by tho husband unknown to tho former, aud it springs her out of bod aud stands her upon the floor at any hour for which it is sot. It then roaiains turned up on ono edgo so sho' oant get baok again, at loast on her sido of the1-ed, and sho won't oomo back on his side, for sho's too all-fired mad to oomo noar him. So tho result is that sho is compelled to dress and go down- stairs to seo to breakfast, aud tho old man ^ ill got a reBt. Oh, its a daisy. SATISFIED. There was a bign upon a fence— Tho sign was 1 Paint,' Aud everybody that went by, Sinner aud saint, Put out a finger, touchod tho feucc And onward sped, Aud aa thoy wiped their finger tips, 'It is,1 thoy said. — Boitun Courier* 