[?] A. Pen aad Ink Sketch of f^ I By Thb Scour. I About 200 miles nearly due west from «? j I the crow flies is the Lachlan country who J'^y 4s ? spreading plains— broken here and thereh ? the ^- 1 upheavals of quaintly-shaped hills ajp ^'^me I mounds, by oases of wattles and miles nf ^ted I gum— give you a glorious sense of space hZF1^ ^ I breathing room, as you canter briskly over fh ? ^ I fresh spring or autumn morning, and think h'1 ^ I don had some such scene before him as he tell St Got' I -v nen tae v aiue goia uembles ? 'Iwist shadow sad shine, ? When each dew-laden air draueht rewmw I A long draught of wine ; rcE£aWw ? When the sky-lines' blue burnished «.*; . ? Makes deeper the dreamest IdSSuEe. nsistance I At about, then, the distance of 200 miles from -t I and amid such country, in a big bend of thP « i ,!'5!'. I Ian River, 27 years ago (in 1861), there iS,*' I picks and shovels wielded bv eaeer-eved v. £ * ? busily at work on the alluvial flats, in tS? , *etl- I and in the gravelly earth of the higher sroiimJ bedil I for the little yellow god who i^SJti^l himself from his eager worshippers. PrS I ? country far and wide around that spot had u '* I pied by cattle-breeders. Fences in those h«? °ccu' I few and far between, and the big nazE™ JS *ere I but once a year, when the fat cattle were LTS.,toed I and sent off to market-to Sydney and mXt out I and drays loaded with skins and cheese wot^l for Bathurst, 160 miles distant, for rations^ tf ' I year. But when, in 1861, the Lachlan Ifi I broke out, this sleepy western outpost-this h ift I of the Lachlan-was transformed [into a ? 'd| feverish activity. A population of 30 000 If I swarmed in a space less than a mile square -s*n I public-houses, theatres, and streets, andcammnfl canvas and bark, sprang up as in a dream. Gold?W I was, and in large quantities, and fortunes were 1 7 I and lost almost as suddenly as formerlv at w. T I or Baden Baden, or i to-dly % 1*^7 1 The richest deposits of the little god's hidden to' I sures had, however, been struck at first, the yield X I not continue— it never does— everything nad Clu overdone, and the inevitable crash and reaction! came. The exodus to other lands of promise set in I The few successful— the many as they came-de I parted, and the still fewer remained to work and to I trade on, and to form the nucleus of the tow of I to-day. So in 1865 Forbes was but the ghost the I shadow, of itself of four years previous. The p'onu I lation nearly all gone, most of the houses emptv but! little gold being found, no agriculture in existence I and the only thing that kept the place alive the rela- 1 tions established between the pastoral tenants and I the few storekeepers. These were the darkest davs I Now, however, began better times. Some new leads I — Grasset's, Stra'thison'6, and Thompson's— were dis- 1 covered, and in '66 the expiraticn of many pastoral I leases brought into operation the Robertson Laud I Act, and land was rapidly taken up. A ready market I for agricultural produce was created by the revived I mining industry, and the commercial outlet was I enlarged when the Emu Creek goldfield (now Gren- 1 fell) was discovered, 40 miles distant, and the settlers I ?were able to send there large quanties of produce. Then I Farkes, only 18 miles to the north, came into existence, I supplied another market, and subsequently the more I distant copper mines of Cobar, Nymagee, and Mount I Hope increased and continued the trade of the Forbes I district. Pastoral settlement, too, had steadily been I pushed on to the Darling and the storekeepers of I Forbes had become merchants. The production of I grain was such that in 1872 a flour mill was erected, I and found westwards a ready market for its flour. I And so for years Forbes grew and prospered, its I prosperity only checked from time to time by the re- 1 currence of a drought. And Forbes yet grows; but I the process is a very much slower one nowadays, and I its dream of becoming a metropolis of the Central ? Division is at least for a time disappointed, though it I has no reason to be ashamed of what it has attained I to to-day. Forbes has not yet a railway, but other ? places that afiect it have ; and when the Western line ? reached Bathurst and Orange and struck north- ? westerly, and the Southern line created Murrumbur- ? rah and Junee, and branched off south-westerly to ? Narrandera and Hay, the western trade of Forbes was ? tapped. Neither did the way to Sydney lie through ? Forbes to anything like the extent it had doneB before. StilJ, I repeat, Forbes has no reasoii ? to be ashamed of what, it has achieved and ? is entitled to, and, no doubt, will receive ? consideration in regard to several matters a that will aid its advancement, and to which I will ? refer later on. , ? A few words now as regards the town itself, ana ? some matters and figures as to the district— graz- ? ing, mining, and agricultural. The town is bum ? on the north bank of the Lachlan, and is divided ? into two by a lagoon— a fine sheet oi »»' '? i considerable depth and exceeding a mile m lengtn, i spanned by a good bridge. The town is ; th'5tofr.c known as North Forbes and South Forbes, Mrtn i Forbes, however, being the town proper, tnougn ? hi ucu Dueiness ana several oi wiu laij^ ???- — . ? carried on in South Forbes. The population ol aw i town is about 2500, and of the district about -ow ? more, there being 2461 voters on the electoral™ - - 1 The town is well laid out, the streets being ««» I straight and at right angles, and in the case ot nun. ? of them planted on each side with handsome W£ I Indeed, Forbes deserves a good word of comma u ? tion for the taste and enterprise displayed m » ? matter of street tree-planting, which ?-nll,m.-l3^nt t0 I two make the town a very pretty one, and P'6'*'^ I move about in during the great heats experj there. There are 79£ miles of streets ano^ Jft 1 acres of rateable property in the m'nl'f a^e 1 The main thoroughfares of the *»™ I llanken, Lachlan, and Sheriff streets, ^Jj^l are intersected by others, of which the pnn«Pa I Brown, Harold, Court, and Templar streets, ^ im ^ I street is the main artery of the town, xne i brick building of the post-office, with Jf f '? d lofty I and clock, is in this street ; andfwiiiiK* ? i tower, with the kind permission of tne Beiu i.^ ? master (Mr. Chapman), who is a xovmg ana d i disciple of good old Isaac Walton, you J»e-|*g; tV}, view of the surrounding country. In tmss ^ ? are four of the five banks— viz , tiie «^ ^ i structure of the Commercial, by » * cw\ei j Mr. Reginald Dawson, manager, witn w- g ^ I Icely as accountant, and those of the a. ? £ N. S. W., and the Union, Messrs. K- btenufc, ^ SnialL and J. Merrilees respectively manag ^ ut i are also some of the Wmdpa.Utoies--^-' tllC j Messrs. J. and W. Thomas (who ^ereamon^ ^ earliest settlers), Mr. J. Fraser, M***': j^£ tiB1# Co., Mr. Hutchinson, PrilIclPaVil5n& the che Mayor of 'the town-Mr. J. *? ^£ J'o, is ** mist, and many others. In this etreeM^ ^ quaint architectural structure, tne a ^ ^d while in the street, or close by, '(-ker JI^1 station agents, Messrs. C^^gj^indtTiI Hudsonalid Harwooa, and Messrs. G jrn sev ^ cox ; and the eolicitore, Mr. Burn, Mr- * w r fnnnan Manv of the principal hotels also are i found in Lachlan-street, and Forbes abounds W TntpTfi The Albion, which though destroyed in Ifp recent disastrous fire,' will, no doubt, be rebuilt; £ Pol-office. Tattersall's, the Railway, Murphy's. a nthers are here, as is also the capital studio of Mr. Howe, the photographer. Ranken-street, which 'hi the west and parallel with Lachlau-street, . to full of stores, offices, and hotels, w J Mr Brooks and stafE write, print, and publish S! old well-conducted Western journal, the Forbes K? as does Mr. Cooke, the junior member for the x rirt the Forbes Gazette. Amongst the hotels are , rrttish Arms and the Commercial, as also ftX Evan's, and Walletf s hostelries. Mr. C. r, ,i-v 1ar-*e* store and butchering business, and those W™ Wigglesworfli, Low, Schrieber, Hand, f i aud Stone; Mr. Vanzetti, the chemist; and V BoUiiver's handsome buildings. Also the cordial manufactory of Mr. Mylechrane. Sheriff-street, to the east of the town, consists mrijlv of pretty private dwellings, Mr. Edwards, hp chairman of the land board, having his residence here ? but in it is also Mr. Lane's soap factory, an ? Lsti-v but few inland towns can boast of. Between iTehlan and Sheriff streets, is the very pretty public uare all around inside the white railings of which arc ulaiited numbers of the ever-green Kurraj on g trees, d there is a pretty band-stand in the centre. Overlooking the square on one side is the neat substantial court-house, m winch the road sinerintendent, the stock inspector, the school in snector, anil the ofiicers who keep a watchful eye on ieichts and measures and nuisances, have their ffices ; as has also Sub-Inspector Steven «on the brave officer who shot the bush iJaci Lowery. Here, of course, too, is to be found Mr. D. A. J. Sharpe, the able police magistrate, and his aide, Mr. E. J. T. Pery, the C 1-.S., Mr. (Sliarpe being; also a member or tiie Land Board'' and warden of the guldlields, and Mr. Pery ablv discharging the duties of half a dozen civic posts. Overlooking the square also is the old gaol, the School of Arts, the Fire Brigade station, and Mr. Vauden btou'h's well-built and well-appointed Courthouse Hotel The brick- built public school is in Urown street, where will also be found Eddy's sodawater factory and the Wesleyan chapel. The Lands Orh'ce, an unpretentious structure of brick, is in Templar stieet, Mr. Sheaft'e being the district surveyor ; Mr. Bennett, chief draughtsman ; and Mr. Taylor, Crown Lands agent. In this street also is the Church of England. The Toler Hotel, the origin of which name I am sorry I did not find out, and the very handsome private residence of Mr. W. Thomas, and Dr. M'Donnell's house are also here. Dr. Sand i'ovd, the Government medical officer, who is Mayor this year, residing in Harold-street. The other medical men are Dr. Tennant and Dr. Vanzetti. The medical talent is strong in Forbes, and. added to that, there is a capital hospital, and yet Forbes is by no weans an unhealthy place. The reader will please not misunderstand this piece of information. Lying to the north of the town is the handsome stonebuilt edifice of the Roman Catholic Church, and half a-mile beyond is the pleasant home of Mr. Sharpe, the P.M., and a little off Lachlan-street, at the northern end, is the large ltoyal Hotel and spacious Osborne Hall, Mr. Stokes proprietor. To the north of the town, about half-a- milfc out, is the agricultural showground, with admirable build ings costing over £1000, and a dam excavated atacostof £200. The society originated in 1873, and is in a nourishing condition. There is of course a race club which possesses a large race course and buildings about a couple of miles west of tlie town. Beyond the pretty lagoon rises Camp Hill, separating North from South Forbes. On this is the large, new gaol, erected at a cost of £7000, but for many months not handed uver for use ; also, the Forbes waterworks and hospital. Dr. Sandford is the hospital medico, and Miss lveyes, the matron, his very efficient lieutenant. Here over 20 patients can be received, about half that number being the average. A cool, pleasant, airy, pretty house, a good doctor, and competent nurse make this institution a blessing to the town and district, and to the many hundreds of men — shearers, teamstere, and generally ' those on the wallaby'' — who annually pass from east to west and north to south through Forbes. Below the hill on one side are Messrs. Wright, Heaton, and Co.'s large woolsheds, llogers's produce store, Perry's, and two other hotels, and Bray's brewery ; another brewery also doing a good business on the other side of the hill. Between the lull and the bridge over the Lachlan, South Forbes is principally found. Messrs, Nicholas and Raymond's -two of the oldest settlers and two of the most enter prising— iiourmills and sawmills are established here, as is also the old-established business and produce 'ore, also wool- washing industry of Mr. Cabot, ™ two other hotels and Mr. Hankey's bakery. lorbes is subject periodically to severe droughts ; ™ to ensure a permanent supply of water for the lowii a weii- has been constructed just below Messrs. Nicholas and Raymond's sawmill, at a cost of £150, of wuch the Government contributed £100, at the instance of Mr. Stokes, the senior member, who is j's° a large local landed proprietor. The weir dams -wk the water for live or six miles, and retains L'? nt suPnly to last during a two years' ontmuous drought. Such generally arc the ^' ^lures oi' the town, which I think 'suiy the assertion that it has no need to be Wh f u-o£ 'vhat [t has accomplished in 25 years, lew V 1S may be Iuithei' evidenced by a i99- if108' *11 rates tne corporation receive n-hi'» t 2d- vearly» and the water-rate eSf £lo°°- There a^ 203 depositors in the Go £ SaTinSs Bank, with a credit of £3691 8s. 2d. 8aftrnS °ne (luaiter— that ending November 30 last— u money ordm were issued) amounti,lg to £3903 letw1 ail.dtheie were 47,500 letters posted and 2100 yZ8 'egwtered; during the same time, too, 4950 nuSh? Were issued Bxli received, and about £780 2-0f P-«tage stamps sold. a *limvgJ e 0liRm of Forbes, is still pursued to Br£? Bertent» ^ugli, as Mr. Orme of the lators 1 ' says»— ' I* Victorian mining specu Would fcT w auriferous this country is, they ineW ? ere in scores.' Shallow alluvial min H|7*,Siven place to deep sinking. At the Bald wmm'letpT miles tothe nortll» there were three 'nenarf -am Plan*s two years ago; now there is fctruel- i j the Primitive windlass, but they have the ba,l * lni ™ay do well- On the north lead, at famed R- *?WI» a part-r is searching for the far atPrespnt andSumelo'de;'the ground, however, is *s£wstA a reserve- and thev have also to contend Ueef «T 3? suutu»g and water. At the Britannia the river 60uth lead- between the town and are on th f g?od Plant is bei'S erected, and as they the south l ^ g0?d results maY be looked for. On ^'ere arp t£ Wn^c}1 runs to the river and across it, Avhich W T ,muun8 properties. The Crinoline, lenses of l,?)elieve, covered all itteliniinary ex ingiv well tvf -ery' s™kuiB» &c-;» promises exceed al)out Sn j ? Jrield waen ! ^ited the mine showing ?VUuviai i }'' The other tw0 are the Forbes «me lea^v, aei06S the river' the Tr-' -f§ain» °.n the ^e CrinnV not so adva'ced in their working as fius jrrmi«jle- .lllough thev have as good prospects. t-««und raid whcii 2b- vearg it wag vrorked with whips and whims, and everything was infinitely dearer than now, and should pay well to-day. At the Pinnacle reefs on the Grenfell road, good returns are being obtained. A revived time of mining prosperity is probably in store for the district. Fobes, however, looks to agriculture and grazing as the main factors in its prosperity. The soil on the river flats is deep.Jblack, and rich, and on the low hills of the well-known chocolate hue. As a proof of what agriculture on the Lachlan can do, I may mention that a paddock near the town, which ha's given 10 crops in 10 successive years, this last harvest stripped 27 bushels to the acre. Another paddock, cropped 12 years, was self-sown this last season and eaten down by cattle, and then yielded 13 bushels to the acre. Although wheat does so well here, atten tion is very properly increasingly being given to the cultivation of the vine, which thrives luxuriantly, as do nearly all fruits. Several settlers have been ex ceedingly successful for years as fruit-growers on very small areas. Several of these have become wealthy upon less than 30 acres of cultivation of the grape, and of oranges, apples, and many varieties of the plum and cherry, rinding markets as far distant as Cobar for their produce. In particular, I may men tion Mr. Tozer, whose little 18-acre estate on the banks of the river has, by persistent industry during 23 years, paid him 60 well that he contemplates retiring when he finds a suitable man to take over the property with its 1375 fruit-bearing trees and numberless vines and irrigating steam- engine. What fruit-growing at this distance inland can do, and is valued at, may be better understood when I state that Mr. Tozer values the property at £5 per tree, the trees numbering as stated— 1 375. In the district there are 105 acres of orchards, 30 acres of vineyards, and six orangeries. There are also 405 farmers, who have 7272 acres under crop, producing about 19,000 bushels of grain annually, 1499 tons of hay, and about 30 tons oi potatoes. Forbes is the centre of a land district, and the position of Crown Lands Agent would appear to be no sinecure, as during the first 11 months of 1877, on account of land sales, conditional purchases, and conditional leases, there was paid at the Forbes offic the sum of £17,990 14s. This indicates considerable settlement, but settlement and revenue would be immensely increased — Mr. Garrett might find this useful — the Forbes folk say, if a liberal proportion of Government locked-up land around the town were thrown open for purchase and selection, such as the population boundary, the town common, the temporary common, the reserves for town extension, the gold-field reserves, and the travelling stock routes. Some of these contain the finest land in the district — land absolutely wasting for want of the axe and the plough. Many large graziers are in the district, Mr. Edols of Burrawang perhaps being the largest, Mr. Strickland of Bundaburra, Mr. Jones of Cadow, Mr. Lackey of Howclear, Mr. Rossthorne of Carrawoppity, Mr. Jenkins aud Mr. Martin of Upper and Lower Drou belgie, Mr. Comans of Prairie Lands, Mr. J. Strickland of Breenong, and many others, on whose runs and on the various farms there are nearly 1,500,000 sheep, 6529 cattle, 3483 horses, and 1836 pigs ; the wool pro duced, according to the last returns, being 1,056,1101b. Forbes is on the main highway from the West, and on a highway, also, from the North. The good town however wants, and naturally so, to be connected with the railway system. It ranks about the ninth or tenth among the towns of the colon}', and in a line passing south or in one passing out to the undeveloped west, it says it cannot justly or wisely be left out; and if one may judge of its chances of success by the intelligent industry and per sistent energy of the past, it will not be very long before the town and district will be linked with the railway system of the colonv. 