1 REMINISCENCES OF WILLIAM I ('RES WICK. : ,«v .r. Li A:, ;.!£ wo- is a sue. Ami ail :L'- mon and women merr'v pilfers ; They have &i;»jjr exits ami thtir And o:iy iulvx i;i his lime plays man part 8. And so poor old Croswiei: has bidden U3 a -;n;u iavcwi;,. The world was a stage to him in its literal seajo. and his name is prob.uAy iu well known i:i Australia and America as in | London. 1: L :nuced true of him that he i pkiyec many par: aud lu'.d Lis fair share uf I cxil? and cntruuees : luf his familiar vofr.o i will b heard uo more, for he ha j made h. last appearance ia public. 'I.'h- j cmtiiin has dropped, and his figure lias vanished j into the uiy 3 tenons arid unkuuwu region bciiiad j Vi.discn-orcil o- nn'ry, try .i ;-.U w j My eardes'. roco. lections of the stage nrc J assoidatcf with the name of Vi'ilh'arn. Crcswick. ' Long before I had reached my teens 1 had j acquired an over-powering passion for j Shakespeare. This feeling was no doubt iu- teuiiiCod on account of tiic work lxiiuf? a lorbidden book to me. My parent, had a holy horror of anything pertaining to the stare, aud a theatre-goer was never known to enter their Uoujc. Family prayers morning j and evening throughout tr.o week ucu chnrcu three tiuu-s f- y Sunffar, wet or liue, wore considered n... nourishmeut— or perhaps I j should say an absolute ncccs-fity — for my wretched little seal. I inwardly rebelled, but the mortal dread of a fathers strong arm iudnced aa outwardly cheerful compliauce with i b;3 Puritanical wishes. When toy natal day cata.c lound I wa? invariably asked what book I should prrfer a? a birthday present, but ray choice wa? restr « d tij the pubiicatious of the Religious Tract ..ucic-'y. 1 searched tbo catalogue in vaiu for any mention of irhakc.- pcare's works, a de.-ue to obtain which was iorrned tlirough li?t«?uiDg to a boy reciting Hamlet's lines conuneuctng ' To he, or not Jo be. that is ihe qmv.tion." However, I deter- miued to get the book, and saved all ray pocket mouey lor the purpose. I Ueoied luyseir toys and cakes, and eventually foiiud myself tuc lucky pcescsisor of a aui- licien: number of abiliing?. t«i purchase the coveted volume. And theu the sleepless nights which followed ! The book was carefully bidden iu my bedroom during liie day, and when I went to bed at night I carefully sur rounded the caudle with a curtain eo that, tne light should not be observed frour the outjide. I then read my beloved fciiiakeapeare tor hours together, until frsqueut.y lbs grey dawn ot morning pierced tbnougu the window and frightened rae into bed. I was ouly between iU and IL years ot age, aud the color left my cheeks and. I became wau and lifitless. I waa supposed to be su-Teriug from consumption, and the doctor ordem i my removal to the country. I was wiser liutt she doctor; but 1 kept uiy secret. I was sent to a f.itmuoiue nt-ar Eppiug Forest, and tbexi for the firnt tune in my hie 1 enjoyed freedom. It was autumn when I arrived, and every niior- ning and afternoon I would place a iaddur against a haystack aau cliuib in thy top, w b'jrc I would lie and rend to my heart's content .ffl day loug. I read the book through and ihrougu. j and the more I read the moro 1'. wanted to j see the plnvs performed. Well, thought J, .1. j had succeeded by perseverance in obtaining the j book I. wauieu, and I would not be foiled m seeing tho play. Inn few mouths I retu::ncd to my home iu Loudon, and utter examining me the doctor assured my parents that iu uad waved mv life. The matter did not trouble me in the least. I had only ou« object to live for, and that was to see a Shakedpe.ireau play- I had noticed with icveri.di nxcitement thai posters were displayed in vario'u localities annouDci.ig that hfhake-peare's aubbrne tragedy, " Hauler, i'rince of Denmark," would b«i performed for the first lime for many years a; thothincy Theatre, Bbiikfriai-road, with Mr. Cro.«w;ck iu tho uuaie »arf. Here, then, was my oppor tunity, and I had the means, but what about the way ? 1 was under 3 2 years of age. pos.aMsed obdu rate parents and slept, in a back room o:i the firs: floor. Tbcsu obstaclea at firs-, uppou.rei Insurmountable, and many restlchs nigh!? fol lowed in coiiseqmnvce. But I at last hu npuu a plan aud detenniuetl ro carry it, cut. My loving mother, observing me look so.'iio- 1 what depressed oue «yveniug,3uggei;c-i my eariy retirement to bed. I emieavorcl to assume an air of reluctance, but gavo way on persuasion aud promised to go straight to bed on coimtr tion that my sister did nor, play music and that I should not he uRlurlwrd in any way. J.t wa? ? quite dark when I reached my room, about fi 1 o'clock. I lost no time in wrapping myself up ; iu warm clothes and geatly opened the window. Climbing on to the ?il), I caught hold of the \ water-pipe running from the roof of the house to the ground aud about bin. from my window and arid down it until about half-way, ( where I rested ou the washhoiuc r«»of. Theu, reaching the ground safely, I waited for au ' opportunity to pass through ihe Icitchea un- observed and ?o on into a front room which i was seldom used. Having gained tbi&, I j the street, apd pulled the window down again, i A 10 minutes' run brought me to the doors of i' the Surrey Theatre, i had in mv pocket a rix- pcnnypiccc aud six pcume?, aud the seven coins comfciued wore uuilicient to give me adraittauce to the pit. I tendered the money with eagerness, but was much ahauhed when the man in the bo:: uueried, "Hullo, youngster; been sarin' tip yosr weekly allowance ? I'll let you in for half-price." This touched my youthful dig- aitv/anu assuming an air of independence I replied tha>" I was" 12 loug ago." He laughed outright, bill; took the shilling and handed rue a ticke'tVand I nutered :hs pit with somewhat mixed feevings. I was milicnaut at Luiug treated as a child, but ta« unholdiug ot inT dittflity coat me dd.— au important sum iu thoso days — and I told a "big 'nn" into the bargain. But there wan the Ghost in front of m addressing Hamlet in the usual sepulchral tone. My imagiuutiou was «f.xciied i« the highest degree aiid I soon forget my trouble?. It was the first ghost 1 had 6«n. and I listened to his sad tale with awe : but I felt much relieved when he quitted tbeatage and left Hamlet to soliloquise. Crcswick waa then in his prime, aud I still retain u most vivid recollection of bi9 masterly portrayal of tiw ill-fated prince. .1. cauact now describe the reelings I ex perienced. but I was. spellbound throughout tho performance. It ivas- my first visit to a theatre and Creswick iwas the hero.i and the two will never bo effaced from my memory. The tragedy finished at about half-past U o'clock, and 1 ran home at top speed, only to find the front window securely fastened on the inside. Being afraid to knock at the door, I fat down and fell asleep, shivering on the doorstep uutil 0 o'clock tho next morning, wiieu I ras discovered by the tna:d-of all-work, who kindly allowed tne to creep up to uiy room and go to bed. She kept the matter secret, and thus ended m7 first juvenile? adventure. . Croswick was undoubtedly possessed of great histrionic ability, and he was essentially aa enthusiastic exponeut of &?akespcarc. I doubt whether his equal existed during his lifetime ; as a Shakespearian scholar :d actor combiucd. Hsm recerttfire was simply pjodigioue. As I am merelv attempting to' give a few personal reminiscences oi him I cannot atart with tue commencement or his career, because that was long antecedent' to my appearance in the world; but from ray first acquaintance with him, under the ciimimstancea mentioned above, I have seen him iu ft greater variety of Shakes- neuriau characteif than I imagine has been oourtraved by any of his contemporaries. From what 'l have rcad. it se.ms that his first appearance iu public was in one of Doagla Jerrold's plays, "The .Schoolfellow," but be ovideutly soon realised the fact that his forte was tragedy, and tragedy of ihe heaviest tvpe, for a few rnontho later he appeared in Oxford in the character of Macbeth. About ten years elapsed before he essayed a Shake pcsavian character on the London hut by that time be must have made rapid strides in his pro fession, for we rind bim taking the leading part of Uowpnr in " Henry IW at Saddler's Wells Theatre, then under the xnauugement of Mr. Pbolp'. After this/nis reputation buving probably Imcomn well esTablisbed. tie ftppcared at various theatres in the metropolis- either in what is termed the "legitimate drama" or in tragedy. Then for a long series of years be undertook the management of the old Surrey Theatre, aud it was during lb? latter part or his reign them that I first saw hira. J cannot enumerate the various characters in which be ap peared "at that time, out I remember that I uorer lost an opportunity of steal- in" avray unobserved from my boino and watching him breathlessly from the pit. Occasionally, "ben money was more than usuallv scarce. I wont to tifc' gallery rather than lose a'chanco of seeinc bim in a fresh character. I will not attempt to aayliow many Shakes pearian plars and traueilies were produced Ouring liis rr.ciuif at this theatre, but those which' I can 'most vividly recall to mind, are "Hamlet," "Macbeth" and " The Merchant of Venice, " the leading- part in each boiug taken bv himself. Ho was succeeded at. the Surrey ; Theatre bv Mr. Shepherd, between whom and himself there was, I believe, some sort ot partnership for a fovr years before be left the transpontine stage of. X.ondou. Shortly after bis disapDezrancu from the old aurrey board3 the theatre was burned to the ground and the present much-improved structure «a3 built on its site, which was, however, con- sitlerablv enlarged by tho addition of some ad- loininff land at. tfic rear, purchased by Mr. Shopberd after the -'ire. 'I bo old binldinK stoo l well back from tb,.- road as if n«bauied of Its unsichtliuess, and is. one neeretted. its disap pearance. But I om n crier the impression that two persona lout their lives in connection with tho fire, either through being burnt to death or from jumping out of window or the pnMic- houso adjoinicg. Fortttnately the lire broke out after the night's pericrmaoce liad dosed. Crcswick spent some -ime ou u proviceinl | tor.r, working hard and aln:o?t iocesantlv and I appearing in various i-s»!v« in isifforeu. town?. | If he did nor. succ»e«i in making m::cii 1 money hp r.-.Ttaiuiy pained expciicnc, which later on went a long May in securing for hiiti in my briliiant i»uccesv<.-? before more rrirical audiences. Ou returning to London he rc-coiQmfcnck'd hU inetrupoliiau career At the ! .Standard Th?r.rre, i5i-»liopgate, the nearest theatre to the City of Londou boundary. He had evidently returned from hi? Icngth-nci tour with th«- conviction that he was fiitou for r-omething better than a Surrey - theatre airiitUiCv. i a:u uot sure that the antiieuee at the standard w; a whit \iiipyricr lo vhv other: but, be that as it amy, Creawick had tha advan tage of a very much larger house. Ho soon established for him»e:f th.: reputa tion of being one _ of the ablest bhakc- r.pearian actore, and his cngagetnut at tne Standard Theatre was consequently eminently .-uccerJu!. Thctice lie migrated to tho historic lioard-: of Drtiry Lane, where he appeared iu "Henry IV." I think it may be surely averted that, with the exception of Mr. Henry living's wonderful productions, a kUikc-speirinn piny has boi'.iom remained on the , bilia fo; more than two or three weeks ut lie vmtsidc. and iu most ca.ees for uot more than as many day?, »aad it i? consequently not surpri- sing'to find that Crcswick, w ith even hi3 cxten- ,-ive repertoire, had frequently to seel: fresh fields ami pastures now. Thu?, at. the ter mination of the Drury Lane season, ho returned t'ftlvv.;ru. this time to the oaiy theatre withiu tie boundaries of the City of London, and which has siaco disappeared for ever. Tuen ho went back to hia olu love, and well do I remember tho enthusiastic reception he met with Lorn the Surrey audience ou his fire: re appearance. To the best of uiy recollection Shakespeare was net performed that night, but whatever it was I know that C'rsswick scored a bpr succe?. Soon afterward, if not at the start, Shepherd appeared in conjunction with him, aud for some two or three years the Surrey Theatre v.- a? not by any means the leas: attrac tive place of euterfaicment in the metropolis. I am not quite certain about the date , of CrcRwick's and Pheln's long season at the : Princess' Theatre in a series of Shakespearian play?— whether it was herorcor after Cruswick's ton; in the United States ; but this I do know, that lovers of Shakespeare had during that time pro'oabir tbo greatest treat ever provided for them, t invariably booked my .seat week in advance, nnd ulght after night I attended the theatre regularly, never tiring of studying two such able exponents. Tbey were not jealous of each other, because both were studeri;.? of Shake?poar»? ami were merely ecuncma in their desire :o arieqintely- repicsent their beloved master. Thus if, sar, "Otbtilo" were per formed for six nignts, they would appear on alternate nights as Othellc and lago respec tively, and in those plays in which most, if not the entire, interest is centred in one parr — as, for instance, in " The Merchant of Venice" or " Kiug Lear"— each would appear on alternate nights. Jt was a matter of wonder to the many thousands who visited the theatre bow the.-e two men, both of advanced age, could produce play after play and appear in every one night after night for months together. Yet tbey did, and their performances were faultier,?, and tbey inet with their reward by the enthusiastic applause of overflowing houses. I should not iike to venture a state ment as to how many performances I witnessed during thib season, but 1 certainly did not miss any new production, and I raw many plays two or three times. Among others produced were "A Midsummer Night's Dream,'' with, I think, Rhcips only as Bottom the weaver, a character scarcely suitable for Crcswick ; "The Merchant of Venice," "The Tempest," "Kiug Richard IIT..'' "King Henry XV.," "Hamlet," "Othellc." "King Lear," ' Macbeth," »tc, As ffhylock I doubt whether Creawick has ever been equalled, either in facial expression or iu power of acting. Ax a stage villain of the deepest hue lie stood unapproach able — witness his .Duke ot Gloater and lugo. I have always ioolrecl upon the latter as a more difficrik part to niuy Umn Othello, and it seemed to me that "the feeling? of the audience worn always routed to a higher pitch of excite- Ikislps O: hollo. Creswick's King Lear and Vir ginias an' well known to Sydney audiences. Timro was one character, however, which X do not think was ever attempted by Cremvick, vi.:.. ;-ir Fertinax Macsvcoohant in "The Man of the XVorM "—and in my opinion lie did well to leave it alone, for he could uot have but suffered by comparison with Phelps. But in nearly everything else theae j two men were equal. There was not, so far an I am aware, one single important point of difference between them in their rendition of parts common to both. I have previously referred in pacing to CiTHtvick's trip to the United .States, and it is now only necessary to mention that he Tishcd i Australia and New Zealand about 10 or 11 years ago, whoa he created a most favorable iuipros?;on among colonists generally, But it must be bo rue in mind by thode who saw him iheu for the first time that hid actiug wag not riiaracterised by the same force and vigor that were so pre-eminent when ho waa in his prime. Ho had not the samo command over his powers Df expression m cvea over nia limbs tbat he pos. »e53sd 10 or 12 years previously, and. moreover, Ihe ' scratch " companies got together to sup- uort him in tho colonies were very different Yarn thoze who were associated with him in Fngiand. Still, under all (these disadvantages, ue was ever an able, painstaking, and vigorous actor, and hu death leaves a void which it wil be difficult to fill. 