SMHE FROZEN PIRATE.' B, W. CLARKE RUSSELL, Anthor of ' The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' ' The Lady Maud,' ' A Sailor's Sweet heart,' Etc. Carrmn VIII.-(Con-reUzD.) I cannot express to you how the very soul within me shrank from putting to sea in the little boat. There was no longer the support of the excitement and terror of escaping from a sinking vessel. I stood upon an island as solid as land, and the very sense of security it imparted rendered the boat an object of terror, and the obligation upon me to launch into yonder mightyspaco as fright ful as a sentence of death. Yet I could not but oonsider that it would be equally shock ing to me to be locked no in this slowly crumbling body of ice-nae, tenfold more shocking, and that, if I had to choose between the boat and this hideous solitude and sure starvation, I would cheerfully accept fifty times over again the perils of a navigation in my tiny ark. This reflection comforted me somewhat, and whilst I thus mused I remained standing S:aay eyes upon the little group of fanciful r&sa; and spirsf of ice on the edge of the abrupt hollow. I had been too pre-occupied to take close notice ; on a sudden I started, amazed by an appearance too exquisitely perfect to be credible. The sun shone with a fine white frosty brilliance in the north east; some of these spikes and figures of ice reflected the radiance in several colours. In places where they were wind-swept of their snow and showed the naked ice, the hues were wondrously splendid, and, mingling upon the sight, formed a kind of airy, rain boiw-like veil that complicated the whole con gregation of white shaft and many-tinctured spire, the marble column, the alabaster steeple into a confused but most surprisingly dainty and shining scene. It was whilst looking at this that my eye traced,.a little distance beyond, the form of a ship's spars and rigging. Through the labyrinth of tie ice outlines I clearly made out two masts, with two square yards on the foremast, the rigging perfect so far as it went, for the figuration showed no more than half the height of the masts, the lower parts being apparently hidden behind the edge of the hollow. I have said that this coast to the north abounded in many groups of beautiful fantastic shapes, suggesting a great variety of objects, as the forms of clouds do, but nothing perfect; but here now was something in ice that could not have been completer, more symmetrical, more faultlessly proportioned had it been the work of an artist. I walked close to it, and a little way around so as to obtain a clearer view, and then getting a fair sight of the appearance I halted again, transfixed with amazement. The fabric appeared as if formed of frosted glass. The masts had a good rake, and with a seaman's eye I took notice of the furniture, observing the shrouds, stays, backstays, braces to be perfect. Nay, as though the spirit artist of this fragile glittering pageant had resolved to omit no detail to complete the illusion, there stood a vane at the mast head, shining like a tongue of ice against the soft blue of the sky. Come, thought I, re covering from my wonder, there is more in this than it is possible for me to guess by staring from a distance; so, striking my pole into the snow, I made carefully towards the edge of the hollow. The gradual unfolding of the picture pre pared my mind for what I could not see till the brink was reached; then looking down, I beheld a schooner-rigged vessel lyng in a sort of cradle of ice, stern-on to the sea. A man baulked out with frozen snow, so as to make his shape as great as a bear, leaned upon the rail with a slight upwards inclina tion of his head, as though he were in the s act of looking fully up to hail me. His posture was even more life-like than that of the man under the rock, but his garment of snow robbed him of that reality of vitality which had startled me in the other, and the instant I saw him I lknw him to be dead. He was the only figure visible. The whole body of the vessel was frosted by the snow into the glassy aspect of the spare and rigging, and the sunshine striking down made a beautiful prismatic picture of the silent ship. She was a very old craft. The snow l,-d moulded itself upon her and enlarged with t spoiling her form. I found her age in the structure of her bows, the headboards of which curved very low round to the top of the stem, forming a kind of well there, the afterpart of which was framed by the fore castle bulkhead,s after the fashion of ship building in vogue in the reign of Acnlle and the first two Georges. Her topmasts were standing, but her jibboom was rigged in. I could find no other evidence of her people having snugged her for these winter quarters, in which she had been manifestly lying for years and years. I traced the outlines of six small cannons covered with snow, but resting with dlean-sculptured forms in their white coats; a considerable piece of ordnance aft, and several petararoes or swivel-pieces upon the after- bulwark rails. Gaffs and booms were in their places, and the sails furledupon them. The figuration of the main hatch showed a small square, and there was a cosm patiion or hatch-cover abaft the mainmast. There was no trace of a boat. She had a flush or level deck from the well in the bows to a fathom or so past the main-shrouds; it was then broken by a short poop-deck, which went in a great spring or rise to the stern, that was after the pik style, very narrow and tall. Though I write this description coldly, let it not be supposed that I was not violently agitated and astonished rlmost into the belief that what I beheld was a mere vision-a phenomenon. The sight of the body I examined did not nearly so greatly astound me as the spectacle of this ice-locked schooner. It was easy to account for the presence of a dead man. My own situation, indeed, sufficiently solved the riddle of that corpse. But the ship, perfect in all respects, was like a stroke of magic. She lay with a slight list or inclihiatiosi to larboard, but on the wholq :tolerably upright, owing to the corpulence of ?ei bilge.)? The hollow or ravine that fonced herbedswent with a sharp incline ucnder her stern to the sea, which was visible from the top 6f the cliffs here through the split in the ocks. The shelving of the ice put the wash of the ocean at a dishmee of a few hundred feet from the schooner; but I calculatd?l that the vessel's actual elevation abiove the water line, supposing you to me:sure it with a plummet up and down, did not exceed twenty feet, if so much, the hollow in wlich she rested being above twenty feet deep. It was very evident that the schooner had in years gone by gotembayed in this ice when it was far to the southward, and had in coarse of time been built up in it by floating masses. For how old the ice about the poles may be who can tell: In those smdes worlds the frozen continents may well p0Ssese the antiquity of the land. And who shall Sname the monarch who filled the throne of Eritain when this vast field broke away from the main and started on its stealthy naviga lion sunwards ? Catranra IX.-I Losu xv Boar. I- lingered, I daresay, above twenty Sminutes contemplating this singular crystal foesil of a ship, and considering whether I shdild go down to her and ransack her for whatever might answer my turn. But ishe locked so darkly secret under her white gurb, and there was something so terrible in the asuect of the motionless snow-clad sentinel who leaned upon the rail, that my heart ailed me, and ILvery easily persuaded myself to ielieve that, first, it would take me longer topenetrate and searchher than it was proper I shotuld be away from the boat; that, s?tood, it was scarce to be supposed her crew ha!'left. any provisions in her, or that, if ??4rs there were, they would be fit to eat; and that, finally, my boat was so small it whild.:be rash to put into her the most iin matter that was not essential to the pra, crvyaion of my life. So, aoncluding to have nothing to do with the ghostly sparkling fabric, I started for the bily nader the rock, and, with some pain ad a gering, thoice-being very jagged, pbhed : dec itfhrlt twith the r author.ied Nothing but the desire to possessthe fine warm cloak could have tempted me to handle or even to cast my eye upon the dead man again. I found myself more scared by him now than at first. His attitude was so life like that, though I knew him to be a corpse, had he risen on a sudden the surprise of it could hardly have shocked me more than the astonishment his posture raised. As a skeleton he could not have so chilled and awed me; but so well preserved was his flesh by the cold, that it was hard to persuade myself he was not breathing, and that, though he feigned to be gazing downwards, he was not secretly observing me. His beard was frozen as hard as a bush, and it crackled unpleasantly to the movement of my hands, which I was obliged to force under it to unhook the silver chain that con fined the cloak about his neck. I felt like a thief, and stole a glance over either shoulder, as though, forsooth, some strangely-clad companion of his should be creeping upon me unawares. Then, thought I, since I have the cloak I may as welltake the watch, flask, and tobacco-box, as I had before resolved; and so' I dipped my hand into his pockets, and without another glance at his fierce, still ace made for the boat. I now noticed for the first time, so over whelmingly had my discoveries occupied my+ attention, -that the wind had ?freshened and was blowing briskly and piercingly. When I had first started upon the ascent of the elope, the wind had merely wrinkled the swell as the large bodies ran; but those wrinkles had become little seas, which flashed into foam after a short race, and the whole 1 surface of the ocean was a brilliant blue + tremble. I came to ajalt to view the north east sky before the brow of the rocks hid it, and saw that clouds were congregating there, and some of them blowing up to where the I sun hung, these resembling in shape and I colour the compact puff of the first discharge of a cannon before the smoke spreads on the I air. What should I do ?- I sank into a 1 miserable perplexity. If it was going to blow what good could attend my departure 1 from this island ? It was an adverse wind, n and when it freshened I could not choose but c run before it, and that would drive me clean I away from the direction I required to steer in. Yet if I was to wait upon the weather, for how long should I be kept a prisoner in this horrid place? True, a southerly wind might spring up to-morrow, but it might be otherwise, or come in a hard gale; and if I faltered now I might go on hesitating, and then my provisions would give out, and God I alone knows how it would end with me. 1 Besides, the presence of the two bodies made s tihe island fearful to my imagination, and nature clamoured in me to be gone, a sum mons my judgment could not resist, for reason often misleads, but instincts never. I fell again to my downward march and looked towards my boat-that is to say, I I looked towards the part of the ice where the I little haven in which she lay had been, and I found both boat and haven gone ! I rubbed my eyes and stared again. Tush, thought I, I am deceived by the ice. I glanced at the slope behind to keep me to my i bearings, and once more sought the haven; 1 but the rock that had formed it was gone, the blue swell rolled brimming past the line c of shore there, and my eye, following the I swing of a fold, I saw the boat about three i cables length distant out upon the water, t swinging steadily away into the south, and showing and disappearing with the heave. The dead man's cloak fell from my arm; I I uttered a cry of anguish ; Iclasped myhands nd lifted them to God, and looked up to i Eim. I was for kicking off my boots and plunging into the water, but, mad as I was, 1 I was not so mad as that; and mad I should save been to attempt it, for I could not swim I ;wenty strokes, and had I been the stoutest s nwimmer that ever breasted the salt spray, he cold must speedily put an end to my i nisery. t lt was to be done? Nothing ! I could I nily look idly at the receding boat with t :ecling brain. The full blast of the wind s was upon her, and helping the driving action I f the billows. I perceived that she was I recoverable, and yet I stood watching, I watching, watching ! my head burning whith the surgings of twenty impracticable schemesn. I cast myself down and wept, stood up n afresh and looked at the boat, then cried to i God for help and mercy, bringing my hands c to my throbbing temples, and in that posture I straining my eyes at the fast vanishing structure. She was the only hope I had-my sole chance. My little stock of provisions aas in her--olh, what was I to do ? Though I was at some distance from the place where what I have called my haven I had been, there was no need for me to approach it to understand how my mis- I fortune had come about. It was likely 1 enough that the very crevice in which I had k jauoned the mast to secure the boat by was a ( deep crack that the increased swell had wholly split, so that the mast hand tumbled when the rock floated away and liberated the boat. The horror that this white and frightful scene of desolation had at the beginning filled me with was renewed with such violence when I saw that my boat was lost, and I was to be a prisoner on the death- haunted waste, that I fell down in a sort of swoon, like one partly stunned, and had any person come along and seen me, he would have thought aie as dead as the body on the hill or the corpse that kept its dismal look-out from the deck of the schooner. 3fy senses presently returning, I got up, and, the rock upon which I stood being level, I fell to pacing it with my hands locked be hind me, my head sunk, lost in thought. The wind was steadily freshening ; it split with a howling noise upon the ice-crags and un equal surfaces, and spun with a hollow note past my ear; and the thunder of the breakers on tihe other side of the island was deepening its tone. The sea was lifting and whitening; something of mistiness had grown up over the horizon, that made a blue dulness of the junction of the elements therm ; but thodgh a few clouds out of the collection of vapour in the north-east had floated to the zenith and were sailing down to the south-west heaven, the azure remained pure and the sun very frostily white and sparkling. I am writing a strange story with the utmost candour, and trusit thatt-he reader will not judge me severely for mytionfession of wealkness, or ronsider me as wanting in the stuff out of which the hardy seaman is made, for owning to having shed tears and been stunned by the loss of my little boat.and slender stock of food. You will say, 'It is not in the power of the dead to hurt a man; what more pitiful and harmless than a poor unburiedl corpse.' I answer, 'True,' and declare that of the two bodies, as dead men, I was not afraid; but this mass of frozen solitude was about then, and they took a frightful character from it; theyconenuni sated an element of- death to the desola tion of the snow-clad island; their presence made a principality of it for the souls of dead sailors, and into their lifelike stillness it put its own supernatural spirit of loneliness; so that to my imagination, disordered by suffering and exposure, this melancholy region appeared a scene without parallel on the face of the globe, a place of doom and madness, as dreadful and wild as the highest mood of the poet could reach up to. By this time the boat was out of sight. I looked and looked, but shewas gone. Then coame my good angel to my help and put some courage into me. ' After all,' thought I, 'whatdo I dread? Deathl It can but come to that. It is not - long ago thiat Captain Rosy cried to me, "- man an c die b.t once. He'll not perish the quicker for con templating hisi end wit a stout heart." He that so spoke is dead. The worst is over for him. Were he a babe resting upon his mother's breast he could not sleep more soundly, be more tenderly lulled, nor be freer from such anguish as now affliets me who cling to life, as if this-this,' I cried, looking around me, 'were a paradise of warmth and beauty. I must be a man, ask God for courage to meet whatever may betide, and stoutly endure what cannot be evaded.' Uo not smile at the simple thougnhts of a poor castaway sailor. I hold them still to be good reasoning, and had my flesh been as strong a my i arit they had availed, I don't donbt. But I was-chilled to the msarow; the mere knowing thatthere wasnothing to ahn notwtaated'e o "'cfdral c-nio -~h'hld broe then were physeiiel conditions which broke ruinously into philosophy and staggered religious trust. My mind went to the schooner, yet I felt an extraordinary recoil within me when I thought of seeking an asylum in her. I had the figure of her before my fancy, viewed the form of the man on her deck, and the idea of penetrating her dark initerior and seeking shelter in a fabric that time and frost and death had wrought into i black mystery was dreadful to me. Nor was this all. It seemed like the very last expression of despair to board that stirless frame; to make a dwel ling- place, without prospect of deliverance, in that hollow of ice; to .become in one sense as dead as her lonely mariner, yet preserve all the sensibility of the living to a condition he was as unconscious of as the ice that enolosed him. It must be done nevertheless, thought I: I shall certainly perish from exposure if I linger here; besides, how do I know but that I may discover in that ship some means of escaping from the island? Assuredly there was plenty of material in her for the building of a boat, if I could meet with tools. Or possibly I might find a boat under hatches, for it was commen for vessels of her class and in her time to stow their pinnaces in the hold, and, when the necessity for using them arose, to ?oist them out and top them astern. These reections somdwhat Iheartened me, and also let me add that the steady mounting of the wind into a small gale served to reconcile me, not indeed to the loss of my boat, but to my detention; for though there might be a miserable languishing end for me here, I could not but believe that there was certain death, too, out there in that high swell and in those sharpening peaks of water off whose foaming heads the wind was blowing the spray. By which I mean the boat could not have played in such a wind; she must have run, and by running have carried me into the stormier regions of the south, where, even if she had lived, I must speedily have starved for victuals and perished of cold. Hope lives like a spark amid the very blackest embers of despondency. Twenty minutes before I had awakened from a sort of swoon and sas overwhelmed with misery; and now here was I taking a collected view of my situation, even to the extent of being willing to believe that on the whole it was perhaps as well that I should have been hindered from putting to sea in my little egg shell. So at every step we rebel at the shadowy conducting of the hand of God; yet from every stage we arrive at we look back and know the road we have travelled to be the right one, though we start afresh mutinously. Lord, what patience hast Thou ! I turned my back upon the clamorous ocean andu started to ascend the slope once more. When I reached the brow of the cliffs I observed that the clouds had lost their fleeciness and taken a slatish tinge, were moving fast and crowding up the sky, inso much that the sun was leaping from one edge to another and darting a keen and frosty light upon the scene. The wind was bitterly cold, and screamed shrilly in my cars when I met the full tide of it. The change was sudden, but it did not surprise me. I knew these seas, and that our English April is not more capricious than the weather in them, only that here the sunny smile, though sparkling, is frostier than the kiss of death, and brief as the flight of a musket-ball, whilst the frowns k are black, savage and lasting. I bore the dead man's cloak on my arm and helped myself along with the oar, and presently arrived at the brink of the slope in whose hollow lay the ship as in a cup. The wind made a noisy howling in her rigging, but the tackling was frozen so iron hard that not a rope stirred, and the vane at the mast head was as motionless as any of the adjacent steeples or pillars of ice. My heart was dis- l mayed again by the figure of the man. He was more dreadful than the other because of i the size to which the frozen snow upon his head, trua and limbs had swelled him'; and the half-rise of his face was particularly startling, as if he were in the act of running his gaze softly upwards. That he should have died in that easy leaning posture was strange; however, I supposed, and no doubt rightly, that he had. been seized with a sudden faiitness, and had leaned upon the rail and so expired. The cold would quickly make him rigid and likewise preserve him, and thus he might have been leaning, con templating the ice of the cliffs, for years and years ! A wild and dreadful thing for one in my condition to light on and be forced to think of ! My heart, as I have said, sank in me again at the sight of him, and fear and awe and superstition so worked upon my spirits that I stood irresolute, and would have gone back had there been any place to return to. I plucked up after a little, and, rolling up the cloak into a compact bundle, flung it with all my strength to the vessel, and it fell cleverly just within the rail. Then gripping the oar I started on the descent. The depth was not great nor the declivity sharp; but the surface was formed of blocks of ice, like the collections of big stones you sometimes encounter on the sides of mountains near the base; and I had again and again to fetch a compass so as to gain a smaller block down which to drop, till I was close to the vessel, and here the snow had piled and frozen into a smooth face. The ship lay with a list or inclination to larboard. I had come down to her on her starboard side. She had small channels with long plates, but her list, on my side, hove them somewhat high, beyond my reach, and I perceived that to get aboard I must seek an entrance on the larboardhand. This was not hard to arrive at; indeed, I had but to walk round her, under her bows. She was so coated with hard snow I could see nothing of her timbers, and was therefore unable to guess at the condition of her hull. She had a most absurd swelling bilge, and her buttocks, viewed on a line.with her rudder, doubtless presented the exact appearance of an apple. She was sunk in snow to some planks above the garboard-streak, but her lines forward were fine, making her almost wedge- shaped, though the flair of her bows was great, so that she swelled up like a balloon to the catheads. She had some thing of tie look of the barca-longers of half us century ago&-tiat is, half a century ago from the date of my adventure-but that which in sober truth a man Would have taken her to be was a vessel formed of snow, sparred and rigged with glass-like frosted ice, the artistic caprice of the genius or spirit of this white and melancholy scene, who, to complete the mocking illusion, had fasrhioned the figure of a man to stanud on deck, with a hmnan face toughened into an idle eternal contemplation. tn the nlarboard hand tne Ice pressed close against the vessel's side, some pieces rising to the height of her wash-streak. The face of the hollow was precipitous here. full of cracks and flaws and sharp projections. In deed, had the breadth of the island been as it was at the extremity I might have counmted upon the first violent commotion of the sea snapping this part of the ice, and converting the northern part of the body into a separate berg. I climbed without difficulty into the fore chains, the snow being so hard that my feet and hands made not the least imnpression on it, and s:mewhat warily-feel'ng r h govern ment of a peculiar awe, mounting into a sort of terror indeed-stood awhile peering over the rail of the bulwarks; then entered the ship. Iran my oyes swiftly here and there, for indeed I did notuknow what might steal or leap into view. Let it be remembered tlhat I was a sailor, with the superatitious feelings of my calling in me, and though I do not know that I actually believed in ghosts and apparitions and spectrums, yet I fela as if I did; particularly upon the deck of this silent ship, rendered spirit-like by the grave of ice in whish she lay and by the long years (as I could not doubt) during which she had thus rested. Hence, when I slipped off the bulwark on to the dock and viewed the ghastly, white; lonely scene, I felt for the moment as if this strange discovery. of mine o~ not to be exhausted of its wonders and terrors by the more existence 'of 'the ship-in other words, that I must expeoot something of the upsmastursl to enter into this isy sepulchre, sad be prepared for sights more arvenolus and-- teeritog than loosen "?wit?,'andnm a ny I dressj that a aps tator would have thought laughable esoughba; nor was mn imagination soothed by the clear, harping, ranging sounds of the wind seething through the frozen rigging where the masts rose above the shelter of. the sides of the hollow. Presently, getting the better of my per turbation, I walked aft, and, stepping on the poop-dock, fell to an examination of the com pamnon or covering of the after-hatch,.which, as I have elsewhere said, was covered with e eow. (ro as coXrnUrn.) 