TUB SHAKEJPKA RE SOCIETY. Tlic following is the paper contributed by Mr. K. H. S. Abbott, on Richard III. at the re cent meeting of the Shakespeare Society, in the School of Minos. In the great tragic drama of Richard III., the immortal bard presents to us a fairly accurate picture of the popular view of the character of Richard, in the first place as Duke of Gloucester, and afterwards as king, bringing into striking relief all the unscrupulous actions of his guilty ambition as chronicled by Sir Thomas More, and the later historians, Hall and Holinshead, at the same time bearing his own tribute to the high intellectual supremacy of the usurper among the men of that epoch. It will be -j membered that the introduction of the art of printing into England by ^yilliain ■ O'WftQll, in 1470, hud already caused a revival of letters, in which the great men of the day took much in-' teres t, and none more so than Richard the young Duke of Gloucester. A brief sketch of the troublous time?, previous to that in which the scene3 of the drama are laid, may prove of in terest and explain the situations more lucidly,,, in which necessarily brief references are made to incident? that'appear in the historical drama of Henry VI. These references necessary to maintain.the historical contiij^ity, also sqry-e to' explain tl|G oause uf tho antipathies of the re presentatives and partisans of the rival' hoasos of York and Lancaster, whose'variod fortunes' in the struggles for supremacy during the ter rible wars of the Roses,now drawing to a close, had left debts of hate atvd vengeance that blood alone could liquidate. After the death of Henry V.; whose successful warlike enterprises left his infant son King of England and of the greater part of France, the administration of the Government by John', Duke of Bedford, in Prance, and Henry Beaufort, bishop of' Winchester, in" England, who, although Humprhey, Duke of Gloucester,' JiSn.ied regent pf 1-it'o U&lhn; of;IJnglaiid by Honry Y-, was nominally thfi protector of. tho young king, yet tlio urnat bisliop actually swayed tho council'of. the nobles that directed the affairs of England. These able men proceeding oh the lines of. policy laid down by Henry V., conserved and consolidated the young king's power. But after their deathi under the feeble'administra tion of tlie'Governmerit by the king 'himself, a series of reverses set in, which'gradually lost Kim the whole of JVamie, the oiis«R<Jvet>K*' .meivt. orjjnglan'A omim .».section. of the.dlsr. satisfied noolea to raise the olaitng of tho House if York to the throne of England. Then] ientative of the House of York was as able ] warlike as the king .-was pusillanimous arJ 1 iompetent to hold the reins of power, ar. \ ihough in hia attempt te seire the c , Richard, Duke of York, was slain at the k j >f VTakefield he left behind hiin ' j jons, Edward who afterwards became , Seurge, Duke of Clarence,and Richard, Du ( Jloucester. The great Warwick,theKing-m | licturesquely termed the last of the B. , sprused the cause of young Edward of 1 ■ nd on the field of Towton, the hopes of ■, ancastrians were shattered, and the t : isse'd from the fesble hands of Henry o: tster, and England owned Edward of Y: ing. The duplicity of Edward, in dej; 'arwick to arrange a marriage betwce. , ing of England and.the sister of the K; , jance, in order to draw closer the Englii-J •ench alliance, at it tiuie when he was aV ■ :retly married to the'widow of Sir John i Cancastrian partisan, and thesubse juen. fo{ hi3 wife's kinsmen, the Woodvillt; r father, Lord Rivers, to important pof 'vernment, and to a greatness to balang }ver of the haughty Nevilles, caused Wif it to endeavor to depose Edward froe tone, and substitute the king's brother Ike of Clarence, who had married Wars ! <93t daughter, bat the plot failed, ate git king-maker found it expedient to bc-i c& to the king. Subsequently, Warwij Psed the cause of the Lancastrians, a»e a«ice was cemented by the marriage is yngest daughter, Anne, to Edward, on'n otenry VI. Clarence abetted in the pltd tlforces which Warwick raise 1 in Frani-' d<at Dartmouth, and in a single fort,' tUrork of Towton was undone and \V;k h^again destroyed a throne. Henry as tan. from the Tower to again play the ]<f' Kr and Edward was a fugitive in Hd. •Si'equently assisted bj' the great Duke ir gny, Edward raised a force and endeLpd: t" possess his kingdom. He landed he Hiber, and the city of York opened it;es to n from whence lie proceeded to mion Loon. Clarence joined his brotlund Witick being offered good conditions M wa contemplated a similar treason ;he ho;.pf Lancaster, but was prevented ;he arr.J.of the Lancastrian leaders the Ii of E.xip.and Oxford. Edward marched <on doiyhich was betrayed into his hanmd Her VI passed again into the TnwcL'he bat' 6f Baruet, eventuating in the d. ]of theicastrians and the death of gre.^ar wic.ijjl his brother, followedby the dious bat <)f Tewkesbury, in which the cas triaivere utterly shattered, the Quclar garcafcen prisoner, and her son Edwmur derafter his surrender on the field i said by Ihard and Clarence, followed innrtely by trinirder of Henry VI in the Tf by Ri-icTj entirely disposed of the direco ;of Lmct^r. The scene opens in the plaider consij-ation by the soliloquy Ric hard, as yet only Duke of Glster. " N°i& the winter of our discontenade glorii^summer by the son of York,l all the cl.ds that lower'd upon our lious' the deep som of the oceMi buried." Tin one of thc;nest descriptive passages in tplay, outline in a few sentences the preseiitua tion, lorming the reader of the war! .past that li .been; the peaceful present i on joyed i which the king gives himsup to volaptius pleasures which promise to:edily terminei his life, and the disabiluvhieh Richat feels himself under to share such pleasus from his physical infirmitiesd the stern iuld in which nature has cast 1 caus ing hinb' despise the laisez faire luitt;3 theu predomating the Court, and his deteuation to win 3 way to power by means ;ubtle, false an't^eachcrous as they were bly 'and successf. He hints at the prophecyich lie has macti'se of to.induce Edward to se his brother eorge, Duke of Clarence, to lrrested and thiyn into the Tower. This >phecy runs, " iat U. of Edward's heirs thurderer shall be,and exults in his own plaor ful iilliug thiprophccy which he burie.eep in the utmc-recesses of his restless m • The plot is fi.her- developed when he isfotmed by Hasti'a that the King is taken evbusly ill. and i hastens to get Edward'f nction to Clarke's death, and annotifcs. his intention of marrying Anne, awick's youngest daughter, and widow jjyoung Edward, iom he stabbed at Tewkeijy. In the next sne Richard meets Anne$owing the coffin ntaininr* t.hn cnriisr, of KrSHenrv VI., whicls-boing taken from St Ijitobc interred iChertsey Abbey, anil iiiftliately puts his scjihe of wooing lier intofelation. This situa'jn is probably the boldejlii moat improbabhip the whole range of# Shak spearian dsriii. It is perpetually ofiiq verge of the impuible, and yet by the niftrly unc of words at a dissembling that mas} tlio in tellectual pver of the aulitle seluJ', whose mtnd is eqil! to auy situation, i| whom nothing calabash, Richard boldlshnvs hi3 crimes, whii a villain even of the Ittest dye lie pre his vie-, lip has er, turns tion into ord and would hariy^ dare to do sence of he body of one o tims ; dee'rfa that everythin; done was iitigated by his loye fd all her speecjg of loathing and deta compliments^ herself ; offers hisij bids her killiim outright instead'? causing him a living le'ath by her refusal his suit. Anne declinesto ho his i&Geutioi;", and he offers to kill hiiself if she bids hinMid by his protestations sventually succeeds n gaining her consent. The grimness of lii-iiit and its amazing succe; surprises even Ricii'il himself, who exclaims-.. " Was eveivonian in this humovooed? Was eveivoman in this hunic'Von And lie procees to make a ment; "revision of the obstacles V has overcome ;u:,jiis further intentions. H'e the great drantlst (ills in those line shades which make hiflictiiring of great, cliaracta .so true to natif). when he makes Riehard- vho knowing liimlf to be mis shapen and ill-f.'6ured, yet tlatteinimself that Anne must havbeen won by gra)3 of Ms per son that he wasiot aware of, andiinmediately resolves to cultiite them by the alfof sartorial adjuncts. Thiss a'true touch of Ojture, which no one but the jeatest of all debitors would have introducei furnishing uncflsoiously al most as it.wera glimpse of tl>] weiiknci-'ts that exist even n- the greatest .jjiuila, inula scene most • powrful in CAi'-iiepsin ami mar vellous in ex<!er,uo, is llnished utli a foil that appeals to tile comon nature of ^cryone. In the next scene Icliard deinouBtates his anti pathy to the Quel and her kins;i|n, who have been raised from imperatively W}' stations, and titles, and potions of hono by the king, and refers to thei contemptuouly by saying, " That wrens ma? prey where -agles dare not perch, since eve:". Jack becamti gantleman; there's mauy a jntle person iiiitle a Jack," Here contrary to lstorio faet, tl£ dram:\tist in troduces the deposl Queen Magmot, who re lates her wrongs, nd denouncfl1 the house of York, uursos eacliaetor indiviiiially, and as suming a prophet! .role fort lis the ruin and ' utter annihikioh of the aouse of York. Horace Walpole olerved that " Shakespeare seems to deduce throes of thcHouse of York from the curses vdeh Queer Marg-,m-t ii-'.d veil te-.l against them''Margaivc UascJs.<jemetl to balie've that lior I'.rsv.a wbu'Hie all power ful, rvmi uvon l-Jichai 'himself vas abashed by them, and ojcpresso:lus belief in tli'o fatality pursuing accursed prsons. by .referring Mar garet to the curses < Jlia fatter upon herself and her house uttere by ^he Duke oi York, when slie, gloating oer his apwoachiii;: death by her command, isults ani scorns him in | his death hour, and n'ves !iim to tears by her atrocious cruelty, tlirstins: in 1"? Wwd- i kerchief saturated intho\"t 'Vss spn> the Earl of Rutland, « ii.VS'>°y. Wno, wliilu out walking with'his tutQ'.waa tuimi captive im mediately after the Ittlo of .Wakefield, and while pleading for niccy was struck wra by tho b;ood-thirstv ClilYoi. 'i'b3 belief ii occult iniluence, sorcery, and he black arts wis vc-ry widespread, and at ft prioil a little antecedent to this, Eleanor, wife £ the D.ike of Glouces ter. at one time Vrotctor of the Realm of England, was accused oiHaving compassed the life of King Henry VI. % means of sorcery, ami her judges found tha she had made i waxen image of the king, and lowly ineUi'4 $ Ht a fire, a process which \Yi\sicW account for the king's growing weakness nth in body and mind. In spiia of tha pow.erful ifluence of the Duke, hor husband, tho DuchesWas cmnpellel to do penance for lier crime, an 'was led barefooted and bareheaded, Wrappeuin a white 'ienance sheet, through the stre<3 of Londcn, amid the jeers and scoffs of to rabble, G',l\<JV-\vsse into prison for life. At a iter po.viod Richard himself accuses. Lord JIi,tli\gA o.r attempting his life by means ftf qfirJcy, and, holding up his avra as' evidero, causes him to be instantly beheaded, Tin words iv which Margaret hurl a her curJS on the head of Richard are horrible and >}oc>d-curdl:ng in a play full of horrors, ' and make the reader shudder involuntarily an- doubt ^tlb. possi bility of such envenomed hoa existing in any woman, no matter what hei wrongs uny have boon, and the character- sams unne:essr.rily overdrawn in intensity of tightful oi;athema. Immediately previous to tlicdcath of Clarence tho dramatist .treats us U 'a most realistic piece of word-painting, Mien tho ill-fated Duke-lias his approaching doth foretold to him in a dream, in which Uio'agecy of his brother Richard in bringing it about,and the manner of Ilia end by drowning, are n a kind of uri oon.3cious manna;, suggest^, but regarded by' the .victim, 'as' tho. mteome of the npbrajding othis own.copscicCQ, ami,lie suffers in iuiaftination 'all tyic. agonie:Of death and his o'er wrought brain pictures ii'vaddition the tendant terrors of the,dread rtributic.r^ a,waifc ing his perjuries and'en'mesi.efc* dcftth.' The dialogue; between thp Vv.'o, .^f4ails lsimlj by Richard to t l.iIfeij[c.e. a' ainusing in tho ^bs^'rqity. oJ.its'l(jgw,"anjl! mshiotivo. illustra ting as it does the controlling 50wei- that con science exeroises-ontho most .hardened natures. These murderers feared-^'' Nolto kill Clarange savin" a warrant; but to be damned for killing n'iiu, from the which no warrant could defend them." The second 'murderer's indignant in lictment of conscience as a preventer of villainy officiously interfering with the exercise of their proper profession is exceedingly rich in its graphic suggestiveness. "It makes a man a coward; a man cannot steal butit accusethhim; ii mm cannot swear but it checks him. Tis a blushing shame-faced spirit that mutinies in a man's bosom : it tills one full of obstacles ; it made me once restore a purse of gold that by chance I found ; it beggars any man that keeps it - it is turned out of towns and cities for a dangerous thing; and every man that means to live°well endeavours to trust to, himself and live without it." In the passages between Cla rence and these ruffiaivs hired to murder him the dramatist again introduces those realistic touches so true to human nature, and so charac teristic of his pre-eminent genius,when he makes Clarence,himself a perjurer and murderer,whose hands were imbued with the blood of the young Edward, butchered in cold blood after his sur ren lor on the field of Tewkesbury, claim for himself, his own life being now threatened, the protection of the law, and demands the evidence that doth accuse him, and when told they are acting upon the King's command, he appeals to the Divine law of the King of Kings, and threatens Divine vengeance on the breakers of the commandment, "Thou shalt do no murder." The character of Clarence, a3 drawn by Shak speare, is not true to history, the dramatist having evidently used him to furnish a eoDtrast to the"deep and subtle mind of Richard, and represents him as a simple-minded victim claim ing our pity—having done the deeds he did out of pure goodness of heart in the interest of his brother Edward, and against his own better nature. The dramatic effect of his murder is thus heightened, demonstrating as it doe3 in an inverse manner the remorselessuess with which Richard swept everything that stood in the path of his, ambition out of. existence. The plot advances, and events shape themselves accord in" to the designs of the arch-conspirator. Clarence is murdered in the Tower; the King dies of a surfeit; the efforts of the Queen-Mother to obtain the regency are foiled ; Lord Rivers and the Woodvilles are seized and sent to the block; and the young prince Edward's children transferred to the charge of Richmond, who is proclaimed Lord Protector of the Realm. The subsequent intrigues, by means of which Richard, with the aid of the artifices of Buckingham, who acts upon a scheme concerted by them both, is requested by the Commons to assume the Crown in the interest of public safety and the common weal, enablest'nedrama tist to introduce a play within a play in the scene in which Buckingham, on behalf of the poople of England, requests him to take this important step, and lie declines so great a re sponsibility on the ground of his unfitness, and declares bis fidelity to the interests of his brother's children and the misrepresentation he would be subject to in taking such a step, and when pressed .in the interests of the realm at length reluctantly consents. The beheading of Hastings, who it is feared would remain loyal to Edward's children, and the removal of all other likely partisans, places Richard securely on the throne; but while the children of Edward live there is yet danger, and the neces sity of their removal is hinted at to Bucking ham, who is appalled at the enormity of such a i crime, and Richard takes his oivn measures to cause their death. But retribution, though it seems to linger, is rapidly approaching, and the final catastrophe is at hand. The curse of Mar garet—" If heavens have any grievous plague in store excelling those that I can wish upon thee, 0, let them keep it till thy sins be ripe; and hurl down their indignation"—is about to be fulfilled. Buckingham, refused by Richard the reward promised him if by any means he could procure the Crown, raises a rebellioii in connec tion with Richmond, the last surviving claimant of the Lancastrian line, who embarks from France, whither he had fled upon the accession of Edward, with troops furnished by the King of France, but contrary winds prevent, his land ing, and Richard, r.s energetic as he is un scrupulous, and brave as he is bloodthirsty, quickly crushes the rebellion. Buckingham i& taken and instantly beheaded, his previous ser vices being of no moment when he dares to cross the path of bis former confederate. The fifth act introduces the mos effective dramatic inci dent of the play. The hostile armies of Rich mond, who has succeeded in effecting a landing, and Richard are encamped on Bosworth field. The tents of Richard und Richmond are in view. Night falls rj'er the scene. The respec tive captains have made their dispositions for the night, and matured their plans for the mor row. Richard is dauntless in the hour of dangor, as he was subtle and serpent-lite in scheming when force would not avail him. He defies fate and dcspise.3 his opponent, deem ing his own resolute will ample power enough to cause the confusion of his enemies. Richmond prays u> tliQ Ciod of battles to avenge through him th,<J crimes of the usurper, and pleads for divine puissance to be exerted in his, favor. They both retire to their tents, aud sleep, and now a. weird scene is enacted. The ghosts of all Richard's victims arise in the order of tl\o\r death, call to mind the particulars of tlioir slaughter, threaten Richard with ven giyuve^ and proclaim their desire to aid Rich. uinnd as the common avenger of them all. This realistic representation of the workings t)f the minds of these two men, incidentally iu it were, demonstrates the character of each. The con tending emotions of Richard's mind are vividly pictured in the sentences he uttow as he awakes from his troubled sleep. Ilia dream has been so vivid, that he cannot at first realize that it is not an actual reality. -He fears, yet knows not what he fears., His conscience touches hint, and he upb.yaiifs it. He reviews the past, and his intellect justifies his misdeeds, as but u means to an end proved by results. In the prepara tion for the fray, and the address to his troops, Richard rises almost to the level of a hero. The character he has been enacting in furthering his various designs is thrown oft", and he appears in his natural character, vvvolliug in its native element, the bloody arbitrament of war, the shock of i'.vcos, and the shouts of contending fc.t*>63. He marslials his forces with rapid <;vwgy like the consummate geneial he \\\w-, and you feel he is a very lion when at b;iy, aud if he has heretofore wara the skin of the ser pent andenacted the part oi' a villain he is pre pared to tight and, £.\lt like a king. Poetic justice required that Richard should meet].is fate at the hands of Richmond, and by a strange coinci dence this is also an historic fact, GreoH, in his history of the English people, thus describes the battle " The for?w under Lord Stanley abandoned the kii\jj when the battle began. A second body ^roops under the Earl of Northun^b^kud, drew off as it opened. Iu the crisis the fight Sir William Stanley passed o.ver- to "Henry's side. With a cry of 'Treason £ Treason !' Richard flung himself into, the thick of the battle, and iu the fury of his despair he had already dashed the Lancastrian standard to the ground and hew<jd his way into the presence of his riy-;w, when he fell overpowered ; with -numbers,, ami the crown, which he had ' worn a.w\ which was found as the struggle enclvi't ij'jiiig-near\a hawthorn bush, was placed ; oii the cad of the conqueror." To thoroughly : understand the. character of Richard as pre sented by Shakespeare, it is necessary to traca its development from the time Jhe <5rst appears upon the scene in the th;«l portion of the drama of Henry- VI,, bearinsr, his part iu that ifauWons period, a perfect Ajax in th.i fight defiantly '.living - brave to rashi^sa^ whilst in the councils for the advancotr,ex*t of his house lie proves the veriest 2\er<.Ud\ In tho hour of disaster he is dauntless unci undismayed. In the hour of triumph lie ever look* U> secure the utmost possible fruits of victory. At first his sole ambition is to ad vance the fortunes of the House of York without thought of his own aggrandisement, but, the pro gress of events, which he has laboured so ar dently and successfully to moulOi rtfter his own: designs, open up a vista of provabilities, which from the very remoteness «• iheir possibilty, at tract the tenacious ener&ies; of his subtle mind. His previous outsppJkenness gives place to a dis simulation, ,;c-op as his designs are dark. He remove ^ach obstacle from his path v.'ifcb a, passionless ferocity of purpose that becomes appalling. "His victims di<j aot because he hates them, but btcaiise ho. loves them not," for they bar tho progress c.f Ms plans. He pursues his way with a tonacifcy ofpurpose equalled only hy liis activity of.'mjnd, ancl with a courage sur passed only- bjf-his self-possession. His intellec tual. supremacy over the other actors to the (irama is unquestioned, and they shrink into in significance immediately they tiaiiea'tour to oppose his schemes, and are swt>»5 avtay by the resistlessness of his contim\«i advance. The character of Richard, is in- many essen tials from any other CYiaciou of' the greatest de lineator of' ehw&eter; tho world has seen, " His bloody violence is not that of Macbethr nor h»3 subtle treachery tbat of Iago. L it is. difficult to. say whether he derive1} ; a greater satisfaction from the success of his crin.es, or from tlie Qonseiousnessof power which attends the working of them. He; does not labor with a " motiveless maligtuiy," as lago does, J?o vague suspicious, petty jealousies, or remembrance of slight affronts move him to & vengeance as disproportioned as it is unnatural He rises above all such, and seems to feel thai; he stands tipun a higher pedestal, thaa the rest of humanity, dominating events ;uid persons by tho legitimate erereise of a, commanding intel lect, uniting tho deepest sagacity with the-most thorough funscrupiU^usnoss-. It has been wclii said, that " ijjh.afcespeare, beyond every other dramatic, '.vvnor, possessor tho-power of sustain ing s, continuous idjja. whicU imparts its own or i 'ganisation and; vitality fco- the-most complex.audi 1 apparently- incongruous actions ;. to the most diversified and seemingly' isolated! characters,, aijd iii the. drama of Richard;III! this, charac teristic is fully maintained: and:prominently- il j lustratcd; 