A Midnight I Shall Remember. Jack Tcmpleton had been my closest friend in boyhood, was niv cbcrislicd companion in the days o£ our early manhood at college, and ray delightful correspondent daring the tea years that bad gone since the close of the happy period of student life. This corres pondence had not been the only communica tion between us, for we agreed, on the final leave-taking ol our old coUcgc quarters, that visits on cnch other should be kept up, Jack i setting aside nt least tivo weeks in one year to be spent with mc wherever I should be settled, nnd the year following I was to visit him for a short season. This arrangement had been observed by both with punctuality and regularity, and wo became well ac quainted with each other's mode of living, occupation and surroundings. Jack was » physician in Greenwich, Anyone knowing him during the character-forming period of 1 his life would have marked him for a future i physician, He possessed those traits of char acter, those oddities of native disposition I which mean strong individuality. He was dryly humorons in his ordinal? conversation, candcd in bis intercourse with his acquaint ances, cheerful enough on ocouion, ingenious in bis estimate of people, not by any means brilliant, but studious and determined, espe cially so when concerned in the investigation -uf "-^ijecta l.elonging to the ol^enre ana hav ing n daah rfjbe mysterious. To him the. O rock graramailtnr wit I<H!bBj£ructioJW((| dull plodding, but mathematics, and cspecF" ally the study of mental science and of those questions tbo solution of whloh involves an exploit into the depths of psychology, were to him a genome pleasure, exploring (he mysteries of the human mind <f» that which made up the texture of his thoughts by day anil was apt to weave the fabric of hie dreams l>y night. A. trick of magic, no matter how oWorc, did not interest him be .causa there was no pretcnce that its operation depended on Anything but some clever mechanical contrivance or sleigbt of band. Such tiiiugs were lacking in that essential, (lie supernatural, which bo absorbed bis every thought. But an exhibition of mesmerism filled bim with wonder, for be recognized Sa. it the manifestations of the unseen workings of the human mind, and much of bis time was spent in the study of its strange pbeno menu. It was his claim that could mesmer ism become other than the ungovernable thlng'it now is and be brought under the sub jection of the human will, it would prove not only a mighty aid in medicine and sur gery, but would vcry.hkely afford bp explan tion of those strange mental conditions which so puzzle the world to-^ay. Having e mind thus fashioned it was the most natural thing fur Jack to take to medicine as a profession medicine in ita broad sense, tire enthusiastic study of which will gratify thethinking man in his search for light upon the intimate and the intricate relation of the human body to the human soul. The newspaper field had been chosen by mc ns the one in wblcU 1 would exploit what ever of learning and energy and determina tion I possessed, and at this time i was en gaged on a morning daily in a vigorous pro vincial town. It was Jack's year to visit mc, and .the time being at hand when he might be looked for J had completed the few preparations about my bachelor belongings which bis coming would make necessary, so I was not surprised when justnt twilight one evening in July bo came in upon me, sitting alone, itunedltativc mind, in my second-story flat apartments. Not surprised, I say. At the time, truly I was not. I remembertbe date of bis coming, [t was Friday night, the 12th of July, 1877, n fact which in the light of what followed I had good reason to remember. Our greetings were as cordial as usual, our handshaking ftB vigorous, and our mutuul inquiries about the things that had come into our lives since the tot meeting were as rapidly and enthusiasti cally spoken as ever. My own experiences for the twelvemonth, commonplace and com paratively uneventful, were soon told, but what they lacked in novelty and volume was made up by the perfect avalanche of incident and adventure Jack bad to relate of himself. He told mc that night the details of experi ment after experiment be had made with the human physical organism; how he bad tested and analyzed and theorized in his ondeavor to sift down, satisfactorily to himself the grand mystery of what portion of a man's body was most closely related to bis soul; what one of the various systems in the buman framework gave shape, and motion, and energy to the sublime thing, mind. This WAS his hobby. He did not spare me. He never did spare me when thus ooonpicd. He had become accustomed to hiving me in* dulge liim when on his favorite theme. In this connection he hnd many no«$ntcrcst(iig stories to tell about mesmerism and what be called his measureless possibilities. He re lated how he, while In the mesmeric sleep, at, the will of a person who possessed the power' of putting one under its influence, bad been' Bent, at the instanco of a third person, a stranger, to b far distant city where he hod never been before, not, at l«Mt, in the ordi narily understood sense of being, and bad described scenes and objects about the streets of that city accurately enough to be easily rccognleed by the third person, whose home it was. Several tests ot tbls kind bad been made, oneh lime witb the most Astonish ing result*. Jnck'a enthusiasm in tbo smv rntiiin wnB only equalled by Ilia readiness will) wliivli lie camv to Ihr cnneliisinn, Hint the mind fit llie mesmerized subject lift:!, mi. hampered bv matter, lime or F|i<iec, been trnusportcd at the will ot n designated per-! eon to a place chosen by that person, And be ing present in that place had, of course, ac tually teen subjects there, and,easily enough, could tell of them ; in other minds the ob jocts bad made their impressions on that mind, and, that mind, returning to its accus tomed habitation, the subject's body, could readily give account of those impressions. " And,"be added, with a peculiar impres slveness in his voice, "I belters that if the conditions are favorable tbe subject under the influence of this subtle something can be transported in spirit to a distant place, can see and talk with a second person, and this visit with all its incidents will be to that second person in everything important an absolute reality-so real that he will never feel those unpleasant sensations that accom pany what are called ghostly visitations." Jack's conclasions and the earnestness of hie manner were largely interesting to me, and although I instlnou ^SfPHclined to the natural view of things-a view emphasized by a calling dealing chiefly with the leal affairs of this life-had bat Jittle belief in anything that could not be explained by causes we call natural and are easily under stood, and would discredit tbe testimony ol any person, no matter bow near to me, if that testimony conDictcd with what seemed to me reasonable, still Jack'sneriouBnossandhonesty strangely Impressed mo that night, and I con fessed to faim that what could not be proved need not necessarily be doubted ; that there wcro likely stranger things on earth alone tban were known of; and then with a wish to dismiss tbe whole subject for one more chccring I nsked about gome acquaintances 1 had in Greenwich, his home, to which inqui ries be responded and in turn asked for my father's family, who bUH livo on tbe old homestead, a few miles away from the city of my residence. I replied by arannging with Jack right there Cor a visit together to our early home, and straightway penned a note to my sister telling of bis coming, of ourcon plated visit home, and that arrangements might be made for our stay for a brief season. I sealed this letter, with Jack's assent to the arrangement it convoyed, stamped it and put it in the postal box just outside my door. The nigtat was wearing on and bed was suggested, so with many pleasant anticlpa-! tions of what the succeeding days bad in store for us, Jack said good-night and went, to bis bedroom, (previous visits having mado him acquainted with my Apartments. The night passed uneventfully, not even a1 stray reminiscence of the evening's talk in terfering with tbe senses' even repose. 11 awoke at 7 o'clock, dressed, thought of the planned visit borne and tbe many agreeable things it promised. I did not hasten to arouse Jack, considerately thinking that tbe fatigues of his long journey and the late hour of retiring would prepare him for a prolonged rest. More tban an hour paAed and I began to feel tbe need of eating, and wits promising myself the fall enjoyment of a breakfast with Jack tor my company; so I wont to hlB bed room to call him. My astonishment wag; pretty evident when opening the door Jack was not in tbe room, and what was stranger J still, nothing it contained indicated that he : had been there. The bed had not been disar ranged in the least. Not . chair or other ar ticle of furniture apparently had been moved from its aocaatomed noaltion. Alto gethcr there was not s shadow o( evidence that any person living had been in that mom the preceding night. There were no win dows in the room, and no door save the one opening Into the one where I slept. A. per son then could not get oat of that bedroom and oat of the house except by cogrfng through that door and leaving Uyihe bau door. I fomembered that when I awoke thia /w^jjjgL^jorwas loeked and bolted as usual back vhe BwrToat morning. This showed that even had Jack been dis posed to leave rnc in that shabby manner in the middle of the night, bo could not have done eo, not to mention that such a proceed ing would be as unloosed for in tho mail as it would be unworthy of bim. The truth remained, nevertheless, Jack was gone. Bnt how he bad taken his departure was a deep mystery to me. Strange as it was, though, no suggestion of the supernatural then enteredinto my calculations, and I conten ted myself with thinking that a reasonable explanation wonld offer itself in time, t said nothing to anyone of tbe occurrence, not caring to brave tbe doubt and ridicule the telling of it would likely provoke. I was extremely anxious to come to at least some flaosible solution of tbc affair, yet the longer sought one the more perplexed I became, till I bad to conclude that tbe whole pro ceeding was a very vivid dream. A dream it might be; but such a conclusion Was exceed ingly disappointing and unsatisfactory, for in dreaniB persons don't grasp each other's hands, and smoke together, and drink to gether, and talk for hours at a time connect edly on a subject, especially such a one as occupied our attention that night. Then another circumstance camc to me me with almost startling suddenness. 77m \ letter ! Did I write tbat letter to my sister, or was that, too, only a part of tbe dream ? i If she got my letter that wonld be proof clear enough tbat that night's proceedings i were not a dream, let them otherwise be ao. i counted for as they might. If the letter was written while sleeping, thnt would be a som , nambuiistic feat loo formidable for belief, and besides I bad never been known to be a sleep-walker. I could easily find out about the letter anyway. 1 wrote to my e'lBter 1 asking simply if sbc bad got my letter, in prompt answer to wmch edc sum sue una, adiliug that they woro all prepared for and anxionsly awaiting oat coming. Clearly, the letter was not a dream. Then what on earth or above the earth or under the earth would explain that nightly visit, (hat un ceremonious nod mysterious disappearance of Jack Templeton 7 It began to trouble me. A weak had passed since that night, when a letter bearing tho well kuo'wu post mark ol Oreenwlck was dropped tb rough my door, it was from Jack. This Is what St said: I am very sorry my professional duties and the amount of study I have laid out for this summer will tie me down at home, and I shall not be able to make you my usual visit this year. * » » Merciful Heaven 1 The man hadn't been with me at all. Was lie dead and did his shadow come to haunt me instead of his living body to visit me ? That would not be likely, for his letter was dated fire days later than that night, and ghosts, having a way of mak ing their presenoo known at the precise time their disembodiment takes place, arc always punctual, The letter did not so far lighten op the matter. It proceeded : Yon know my hobby, mesmerism, and you know how I ride it. Well, one night recently I mounted mv hobby and took a long ride. I i was away out in your country, in your town, in your very room, and I sat with .you and talked with you and drank with you, and all but slept with you. To be exact, tbc nlglit was Friday, the twelfth day of this month, July. Now, all this was eo real to me that I .(grant you to write me whether on that night you remember of being conscious ot Any un* usual occurrence. Did I seem to .vou that I was in your company that night? I want all the fact*, that I may see hp*- they will fit a little theory I have lately been construct ing There It was, and the subject talked upon by Jack, or Jack ctherenlizcd, and me, tame back, with bis startling assertion about a per son in a mesmeric tronco being able to com raunicatc with an absent person, nod that person to be conscious of being communi cated with. So Jack in nil things essential hnri beon present with me tlint night, For Is not the mind (lie eomelous ji.irt, lticsonl,tlie essential thing? 1 The narrative dealB only with Hie tact a very extraordinary personal oxpcrioncc the explanation given of bis visit by my go of that night, based upon the narrowly undo stood operations of mesmerism, is not suffi cient, let bim who, with a clear view, lias traversed further Into the arcana of the mys tical, advance the theory of Jack Temple ton'a atnnge visit. 