TESTS FOR CANDIDATES. Wo Inlco tho following from Saturday's Brisbane Telegraph : — ' Mr. W. Smyth, M.L.A., has dono him- self oreilit hy tho manner iu which lie has answered some quostions put to hiui by the Minors' Association of Gympio. This body of mon, in speolal meeting ussouiblod, by snooial advortiseraont oaliod tooether. in imposing xo3ponso numboring about a oooro, proceeded to consider tho answers lo fivo catogorioal quostions given by tlio four candidates who havo beon announced for Iho Gympio oleotorato. Upou tho answers givon was to defend tho important dooiaion ns to which coup'o of tho fonr candidates tho Minors' Association should support. In the voting Mr. Smyth was third on the list. So the old, faithful, triad representative is to be cold-shouldorcd because be is not Bycophant enough to surrendor his judge ment to that of one section of tho votcra in his oleotorato. Wo do not suppoao that Mr. Smyth will bo so terrified by this re sult that ho_ will refrain from appealing ' from the docision of tho twenty to the de cision of the whole body of olootors. Tho franchiso is wider than any oiasi, or trade soctioii, of voters. Mr. Smyth will, doubt less, appeal Lorn tho narrow trade test to tho broader intelligence of tho enfranchised community. Wo may assume that as so few miners responded to tho cull, tho proooss of applying a test to the candidates had not thu sympathy of a large majority of the olasa. If thoso who were not presout absented themselvos bocauso they objoot to mako thoir support of u man depend on tlio oxnct accordance of his viowa with thoir own on innttors that wero purely of the class-interest sort, thoy showed extremely good soiiso and good taste. There was a strong differonoa of opinion amongst thoso who wero prqsont as to whether a more handful of minors,, probably not moro than ono por oont of the whole number ou tho Bold; should hike tho responsibility of piodgitig tho ontire association to a definite course, about whioh they wero not thorn solves agroud. Somo of those present ap plauded Mr. Smyth's munlinoss, and soven of thorn voted for him, whilst Captain Ferguson got nino votes, Alox. Pollock eight, and Mr. Ohapplo fivo. Opinion was almost ovuuly divided. Bqt by 0110 vote Mr. Smyth is supposed to be cxoluded from tho minors' support. If this thing wore serious, it would bo deplorable. But as it was littlo bettor than a farce, it may not bo regarded with any misgiving or appre hension.' , ' Tho two questions which Mr. Smyth would not answer in tho way required woro tho following' [Our' contemporary then sots out tlio queotions with reference to tho reduction oi tho pries of minora' rights, and the abolition of tho stump duty on Borip,' and Mr. Smyth's reply iu full, and proceeds : — , ' It is not our. primary-objeot just now to die'euss the 1 questions of minors' rights and stamp, duty on sorip. Wo aro draw ing attention to. two things of a different kind. First, the attempt to make a -man's entrance into: Parliament, or his return thither, depend on his sentiments regarding mattors that are cxoluBively of interest to ono or two classes — manual : workers or financial speculators. Sooohd, tho candid manner in whioh this attempt was mot. Mr. Smyth's answers speak for him. Ho is made of better stuff than lo seek a aoat in Parliament by tho saorifice of his poisoual oonviciions or his bouso of equity. ; He does not boo why the mining industry should bo pampored more than othor industries, ??????*;.* As for duty stamps ou sorip, this is hot the time to decrease taxation in any form But if it wore, has mining Borip any more right to exemption than land transfers P In either oaae a transfer of property takeB placo j the transferee expects to make money by his transaction. Is profit on gold shares less valuable than the same amount of profit on land? But the main question is: To what extent may we expeot tlxo bauds of candidates to bo tieid by . societies and associations ? We havo teetotallers wanting to bind all of their guildB to support tomporanco mon. We have politlco-roligious ordors following a similar course. We have tho freetraders and protectionists takiug up their hostile attitudes and endeavouring to got mon forward who will advooate thoir respective views. Wo havo farmers' unions trying to get representatives who will protect thoir industry. Betwoon these .different claim ants for representation a candidate must fool himself to bo iu a dilemma. Fortun ately it often occurs that party interests arc held paramount to class intoresls. Tho crisis ' comes. Tho sense of patriotism triumphs ovor the sentiment of selfiahnoiB. Mon feel that thoy are called on to rise to a higher-piano thhn'that of olas3 interest or looal prejudice. It. will be so at Gympio. Voters *wili on riiflootion, soo that Mr. Smyth as a. free man is a nobler fellow than/Mr. Smyth bound- by promises and' humiliated by concessions, aguinst whioh hia; judgment revolts. Thoy will rally to hte side when, tho struggle oomes. Some ,™.'™ lui-iiiuei-o ui urn association antici pated that. When candidature for Parlia ment -becomes a matter of haggling ond bargaining botwo'oix oligible men uud in numerable - sopietles, independence wil 1 htxyq/beoomo ,a skeleton, aud manlinesB ghost, .while patriotism will bo a lost senti ment.' 