[?] IjOBD "WoLEKLBY NjEBITgicn — -An Important Mqnm ds muMiihedininoBier : portion of tiiisissae. Tbe MaroniB oIGtiis- ftury baa teWan «ariy,rippmUihRyrin 4he HboBe of tLnda: to Idiot smilv Eradiate tiie neiibsrateiy iiisoed lnm j self imderarcnmstences to merit a rAnke from the head of the Government, but tome can be no question of the impropriety in volved in his publicly denouncmg the Go- vemment it was his doty to serve. seriondy compromising fas o(&Mlpo;®j|- The Adj utant-Gcneral of the British -Army might hsve been expected to set tbe in conforming to the discipline of theser- V1Thb Member for ; Dondas. — -Mr. C M. Officer, M.P., reprwentajave for Dundas in the Legislative Assembly, trill arrive by train thi eveoing on a YlsR toins constitnency. He doss not propose adarem- ing any pnblic meetings, tor the simple reason that, pending the announcement of the intentions of the Government, there is nothing positive to go upon In reference to the work of next session. . , Cavendish Races. — There is likely to be a good muster of viators at Cavendish to-morrow to enjoy the capital programme of races prepared by the local turfites. It la now some years once a day £_ racing was held at this ancient hanntjof the fabulous "bonyip," bat Host Hynes has revived the old spirit, and if the assemblage to -morrow s not ao large as it was oneimuar occasions n days of yore, at least there is every pro- ipect of a fair gathering and a good days iport. _ The ElectoraIi Bill. — Country members of Parliament are devoting a con siderable amount of attention to the bill for the re-distribution of electorates which tbe Government propose to introduce into the ensuing session of Parliament. It had been stated that the Government intended to map out the new electoral divisions upon the basis of population only, a proceeding winch would involve a great amount of injustice being done to extensive country constituencies and more than ever vest the ruling of the whole colony in the hands of Melbourne men. At a meetiim of the Cabinet held on last Friday Mr. Gflliea brought before hie colleagues the views of the country party on the subject, as wit to him on the previoos Wednesday by a depu tation of members of the Assembly repre senting country constituencies. It is now reported Ministers are agreed that some elasticity must be introduced into the basis of representation for single electorates, end that if the passing of the bill is to be ensured the existing interests of country constituen cies mast be conserved. A politician who generally knows what is going on in the inner circles writes tons on the subject of the re -distribution of electorates as follows : — " Mr. Gillies has not disclosed his hand rc the Amending Electoral bui, but I rather think he will confine himself to adding a few members to such districts as Moire, Wimmera, Delatite, etc. A bill based on population won't do at all; on this point country members are united." St. John's Ambulance Society. — We are glad to announce that arrangements are in progress far the formation of a sub- centre of this excellent Society at Hamilton. On Saturday last Mr. W. T. Reay inter viewed Dr. Hearn on the subject, end the latter gentleman said he would be most happy to give the course of lectures pre scribed by the Society if a sub-centre were formed. Under the Society's rules at least twenty persons of the same sex must be willing to join before a sub-centre is estab lished, and as a large proportion of this number have already signified tbeir inten tion to take advantage of the splendid facilities offered by the Society tbe class for males will be rapidly formed and is likely to be a large one. A class for ladies will also be formed if a sufficient number indicate their desire to receive instruction. Persons of either sex who are desirons of joining the proposed sab-centre are requested to forward their names immediately to Mr. Reay, Spectator office, from whom all information may be obtained. Hamilton Police Court. — -Three civil cases comprised all the business done at the Hamilton Gourt yesterday. T. Chad- wick sued David Downie to recover £10 10s 4d, far goods sold and delivered, and obtained an order for the amount, with £1 ! 3s fid costs. K. J. Horan proceeded against George Coldham far the recovery of £12 14s 6d, far board and lodging and money lent, and on order was granted, with £1 3s 6d costs. The same complainant also sued Angus M'Donald for £1 6s 6d, money lent, and obtained an order far the amount, with 12s 6d costs. Mr. Allingfaam appeared for plaintiffs in the above cases. The Travelling Dairy. — Mr. C. A. Wiggins, secretary of the Hamilton Pas toral and Agricultural Sodety, has com municated with the Department of Agri culture, requesting that the travelling dairy which the department proposes to exhibit in various parte of tbe colony may be sent to the next Hamilton Show. Yesterday Mr. Wiggins received a letter from the secretary far agriculture, acknowledging receipt of the Hamilton Society's request, and stating that it would receive considers-' tion, though no definite decision could at present be arrived at. Football. — As rain fell heavily during the forenoon, the ground was very slippery and uncomfortable for the matches nlavfid in the inetrAnnlifaui riifffcrinfc nn Safnr. day. Essendon and Port Melbourne tried conclusions on the Fast Melbourne Cricket Ground, the result being a victory for the older (Essendon) club with three goals one behind to two goals seven behinds. Mel bourne scored a two to one victory over North Melbourne, with six goals twelve be hinds to three goals three behinds. Carlton, thirteen goals fourteen behinds badly beat the University, three goals one behind ; Fitzroy, five goals fifteen behinds, beat Williams town, one goal four behinds ; Richmond, nine goals fourteen behinds beat Footscray, five behinds ; Geelong, four goals eleven behinds, beat St. Kilda, three goals four behinds; and (at Ballarat) South Mel bourne, six goals nine behinds, beat the Ballarat Imperial, four goals ten behinds. Grown Land Sals. — A sale of Crown lands is appointed to be held at the rooms of Messrs. Laidlaw and Feuton, Hamilton, on the 12th Jane, when there, will be offered by public auction a number of allotments in North Hamilton, South, Hamilton, Donkeld and Hotspur, and one lot in the parish of Brambnrra. Particu late will be advertised in due course. Dundas Shire Council. — A special committee of this council, consisting of Crs. Skene, Christie, and J. Thomson, met on last Saturday and dealt with tenders tor bnilding a stable at the shire halL Three tenders were sent in, and the committee accepted that of Messrs. Law and Christie, the amount being £57 7s 6d. A Trophy.— Mr. J. & Cahill, Hamilton Agent for tbe Equitable Life As surance Seoety of U.S., has presented to the Hamilton Rifle dub a valuable trophy to he competed far under conditions similar to those observed in the competition for the Farroll Cup. The trophy consists of a massive enp with cover, standing on a turned blackwood base and ornamented with the figure of a rifleman. The bowl of the enp is engraved with garlands of flowers and the trophy stands 18 inches high. The Hamilton Rifle Club will make arrangements for the initiatory district competitions in connection with the cap. A Gratifying Assurance. — In our last issue we stated that one of the reasons why the country draughts match would not take place was that Mr. Holmes, jnnr., of Byadak, whose drill at the game is weU known in the West was suffering from a "serious illness." We are glad to learn that, although lately Mr. Holmes has not been up to his usual form; he is free 'from any " serious illness," and hopes to be able to take part in many draughts tourmnents inthe future. ' Lands Temporarily Reserved. — Pursuant to Oidere ro-Conncil of the Bth fast., Grown lands have been temporarily resesved from sale or occupation under busi ness licenses as fallows HamUfou— Site forhospital purposes -fa addition fa the site fwrmmumfly reserved therefor by Order of the7lh Jnly,1873, aiid containing four acres one. «ppd in the town of Hamilton, bring etuin . CtSeraine— Site for camping, watering, end mad -pupates.- Seven acres, more or lessj oounty of Dnndas, parish of Colerwne, bring allotment 1A of section 15. Gorae— Site for watering place, -forty-sr acres, three roods, thir-tight perdus, eonn(y o£ ,Narmauby,-rexi3i of Gprae. KnonikKoonik--Site foHirehool, twp ! parish, if ffqpnik Knotnk.: Woori&— Site.far vratering \jpat- , poses, tixiyrtiuM jaerestcrae1ood, eleven the Gavendhh tenevto be held Quern's Birthday Parades. _ 1 There is ermy prospect of good paradaaH a the mounted riflemen being held at the I KSSSSSSJsSiiSft I are already making proportion for a hesrv 1 day's work. Lieut. Lesser, who comnaJt I the cadet company at Coleraine, ha 1 vited the Hamilton and Casterton compaaiw I of the junior force to visit Coleraine on the I occasion, with a view of having a day's I drill, soferais practicable in con junction witj, I the mounted rifles. The Hamilton College. I Academy and state school are each eipectej 1 to send contingents, and a good master of I the boys is anticipated. The entertainment I of the lads is to be undertaken by the good I .people of Coleraine, who loee no opportunity I for showing that their reputation for I hospitality is weU deserved. I A Sensational Cask. — Jas. W. 1 Parker, alias Dare, appeared at the Police' I Court, Newcastle, N.S.W., on Saturday 1 charged with having attempted to poison hia wife at Bindi last month. The accused ig j an ex-policeman, and it wan alleged that bring desirons of getting rid of his yonng I wife he attempted to force her to swallow I poison. Under cross-examination, however I the prosecutrix admitted that after tbe | alleged attempt to poison her tile returned to Newcastle with her husband, and it was I some days later that ehe reported the j offence.' She also said that in consequent I of the ill-treatment the bad experienced from her husband ehe had on one occasion in Victoria attempted to commit suicide by jumping into a river. Evidence was given ! that the accused had purchased some premie arid from a chemist ostensibly for the par- pose of poisoning a dog. Shocking Murder by an Abori ginal. — A trigram from Brisbane to the Argus, dated 13th .fast., is as follows "News has been received of a terrible murder committed yesterday at the Bnnya- reserve, about 14 miles from Brisbane. It appears that a little girl named Bridget Hiker, tune years pf age, the daughter of a selector, was takine her father's dinner to a place where he was working, about a mile and a-half from his house. She was ac companied by a little brother, aged four. Sbe delivered the dinner to her father and started for home with her brother, the road bring a simple bridle track through the scrub. The little boy states that when about half-way along the road a blackfellow suddenly jumped ont of the scrub, seized the girl, and carried her into the scrub. The boy ran home and informed hia mother, who at once ran to the spot, calling to her aid in the meantime a neqpibonring selector. On arriving at the place they found stains of blood, and a well-defined track of blood marks leading into the scrub. This was fol- liiwml for asHnnt. a nnnrivr of ft. mil. »lim the body of the child was found brutally murdered, having evidently been first out raged. The girPs head had been cut and braised fa many places, and the clothing was saturated with blood. As soon as the news was brought into town the mounted police and a black tracker were despatched to the scene of the outrage. The unfortu nate girl was outraged by a blackfellow near the same locality about 12 months ago." The Land Act. — Leases approved: W. Borbidge, Warrak ; Julia Yonng, Parrie Yalloak ; T. Dickson, G. Harris, W-Radley, W. Howell and h. Templeton, Panyyabyr; J. Dyson, St. Helens; J. Hnnnon, Drik Drik ; E. Martin, Trewalla ; Ann Burke, Bangetang ; Louisa Clark, Vectis East ; E. Forster, Jail akin ; S. Hudson, Nnrrabiel ; L. Kaelher and G. Lander, Winian ; \V. Masrin, Dinyarrak; W. Clouuan, Manna; A. Rokeeky, Lowan ; J. Stokes, Quastong ; Snsan Wiiks, Benayeo ; J. Clarke, Kewtil Fast ; W. Spears, Moyston West ; H. Taylor, Tyrendarra ; W. M. 'Combe, R. Jenkins, J. Porcell, J. M 'Combe, J. Haalon, Maty M "Carthy, Mary Pnrcell, W. Taylor, Besaiebelle ; Jane Johnston and Jas. Mil- seed, Kentbrnk ; Ophelia Bennett, Bran- gala ; J. flealv Geerak ; J. Sutton, If. Green, G. Devereux, D. M'Phersou, E. Fellows and H. Stone, Werrikoo ; W. Sar- tain, Beear ; M. Kossatz, Tooloy ; Susanna H'Knight, Youpayang ; Catherine Bflston, Wairock ; W. Cranage and T. Sims, Edenhope; T. Griffiths, F. Griffiths, J. Griffiths and J. Flack, Ganoo Ganoo ; D. Looker, Mary Hooley and J. Forster, Yal- lakar ; T. Makin and W. Laidlaw, Meereek ; Katherine Yonng, Cannon ; Kate Home, Kout Sarin ; Catherine Mahoney, Briog- sibert ; W. Werchasch, Inh Arum ; U. Karaath, Nnrrabiel ; J. Kent, Arapiles ; Jane Meek and Mary Meek, Koonik Koo- nik ; W. Breen, L. Lindner and G. Lear, jun., Norcoung; L. lauenger, Bungalally; M. Petty and J. Scott, Wall up : Charlotte Bees, Daahl ; C. Greiser and A Fair, Ban- gerang ; J. Champness, Kaniva ; A Brasser, W. Mott and J. Oipeton, Dinyarrak ; A Honeymsn, Tarrangfanie ; A Laws, Dahwe- darre ; S. Hicks, Dopewara. Renewal of licenses approved : J. Creen, Balmoral ; J. W. Dnnnon, North Hamilton ; J. Howlett, Dergholm ; W. Jeffrey, Ardno ; E. M"Cal- lum, Kaladbro ; M. M'Farl≠, Werrikoo. Grants approved : D. Ross, Balpah ; T. P. Qnigley, Balmoral. License approved : a. M'Kinnon, Kadnook. A Mother's Pathetic Appeal.— On last Friday night an infant about three day's old was found in the porch of St. Francis Church, Melbourne. A bundle of clothes was discovered near the child, and also tbe following letter, addressed to " The Clergyman at St. Francis Church " " Oh, kind father, pity a poor heart-broken girl. X am leaving my child in the Church s care. God help ine. I am driven to this. What is a poor girl to do, rained and dis graced, while the father of her child, the cause of my rain, forsakes me ? _Oh, God, keep me in my senses. I fed going mad. Pray for me, clergyman, pray for me, a poor heart-broken girl at the age of 20. I have made enquiries if I could get it into any of the convents through others, bnt they won t take them in bo yonng. What am I to do . Bnt this parting with it is nearly driving me crazy. But I know, dear fattier, some of the convents will take it fa for yon. I shall al ways send something to the presbytery for its support. Bnt how con I part it ? Bnt yet I must, rather than have the poor chtL, suffer want or have my name dragged through the courts. Oh, please have it christened for me. i have no money, or else would have had it done. God forgive me for what I am doing. Pray for me, and call the child Robert AylwanL Pray for me as yon have never prayed before, for I em heart-broken. Care for my baby. One day I wfll claim him, and will pay othere for their care. Now I am not fa a position. God forgive me for what I am doing, and don't forget to pray. Yours in misery, once a pure and happy girL God help, me, I leave him, and shall pray and trust m God far Ms future safety. B only Father O'Meara were alive he would help me. 1 cannot write, so I will leave him m the chnrch-yard, in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost— Amen." The infant was brought before the City Court on Saturday on a "charge" of bring a neglected chtld, and, as the "prisoner" was undefendeo, and had nothing to say on Ms own behalf, he was droit with according to law. Stocks and Shares. — It is an- nonnced in our advertising columns to-day that Messrs. James Donaldson and Com pany, limited, having taken ova: the stoch and share-broking business of Mr. Jsm« Donaldson, is now prepared to transit business on the Stock Exchange. The managing director of the company « Mr- James Donaldson, who has earned th reputation of bring one of the smartest buyers on the Exchange. Mr. Joseph Fox has been appointed sheriff's substitute at Casterton. Mr. Irvine is reported to have paid, £ 12, W" cash for the Great Western Vineyard Good rains fell fa most parte of Mew South Wales towards the end of fa® property of the Mioo chiefEenste KawepoT who Med recently fa New Zealand. 'rifMtimLondon Tdegrf are said to reach £500,000. The paper fane a circulation of S80.600 daily. It rained heavily in the mriropohtan di« triet on Saturday, and the Moonee vauey race meeting was postponed. A Brisbane baker wan fined 10 . Saturday far selling lightweight broad, 102 light loaves were. confiscated. Droitt, the aboriginal who wns steten to, death for an outrage on a girl, hangednl Wagga on June 8th. . Jiew and yfe refri18- Iana. Acti.I884 are pnMiAed m A® number of the GoeertuuotGaatte. . Aeflpai bnt 'tttoSSgSKg'i'Zg tSSLS, S£u»w-. The observance of iiie. JewBk- Esaat of Pentecost commoioai nndwili be continued to-miniaw and Tliiirailiy Typhoid is still prevalent; bat- each week shows a diminnthin ia.tite mmlsc: of cases reported to tiie GesitrsI Boarri at Health. The snapwiaion of the Cirief Justice of Western Australia, bongbt about by an offi cial quarrel, has been, removed by tea Privy Council. The result of the Queensland elections, «a far aa they have gone, ia disastrcma to the Griffith Ministry, who -are practically de feated. Mrs. Morrissey, ml elderly widow, who wee employed aa a gatekeeper antba-Sand- hunst line, waa killed by a tzain on Saturday morning. At the Yneimnlr pnlipc afuirt, nn last, Alice Home, of Goroks, was fined £25, with £2 2s costs, for selling wine without a . license. Tbomas Jones, a yonng man, residing in the city, had his right fog broken in two places at a football match held in-Ballarat ou Saturday. Mr. W. Thwaites, C.E., his been ap- Cd to fill the vacancy on the M<mipi d caused by the death of Mr. R. B. Shakespeare. A veteran Parisian, "drunk" estimates that daring the last 50 years he bus -con sumed 73,000 bottles of wine, being at the rate of four a day. A quantity of jewellery seined, by-tbe Customs officers from an. Italian, on the ground that it had not paid duly, was sold last week for £145. No fewer than 675 applications -were cm- ceived by the Executive of the Exhibition for six 50s-a-week temporary clerkships they had to bestow. U vUa let Del yiinttor 1 RRT foi t4in "1 Hill inst., 1294 oases of typhoid fever were re ported to the Gentral Board of. Health, and of these 291 proved fatal. The Chinese detained at the qoarantine : station, Portsea, are not allowed to -com municate with their friends, end the latter are mightily indignant thereat. On and after this date the coach for Pens- hurst, Caramnt, Mordake, and Teraog will start from Cobb and Co.'s office, .Hamilton, at 5.30 a.m., in lien of 5.45a.m. A scratch match will be played or Wed nesday in the Friendly Societies Grounds by : members of the Hamilton Union -Football Club, who ara preparing to meet the Ararat players. It is understood that KamanAhaa em phatically declared against the war party in Germany, and that in the capital there is a etrong feeling in favor of the maintenance of peace. The Minister of Education .states that he will be obliged to increase the staff of State school inspectors, as the present staff is unable to cope with the work in & satisfac tory manner. A special cablegram states that in. pur suance of the decree of 1867, promising free dom to slaves in 20 yesrs, slavery is forth- witn abolished within the dominions of the Emperor of Brazil. A railway porter named Marie committed suicide by hanging himself, from a heam in the goods shed Bnndama, Queensland, on Friday. The sum of £132 in notes and gold was found in his box. The oldest working journalist in Europe is Sir Edward Beinm, now in his 89th year. He wae present as a reporter at the battle ot Feterloo in 1S19, and has. been, engaged on the press for 70 years. Mr. EL W. H. Irvine, who has purchased the Great Western Vineyard, was toe re cipient of a handsome present and a banquet from the employes of Messrs. Nisen and Co., Ballarat, on last Friday. A meeting of sheep-owners is to be held at Qainey's Hotel, Ararat, ou the 22nd insti, next Tuesday, to consider the shearing ques tion. The meeting is called by Mr. Thoa hkene, of Kirkella, StawelL There will be 200 exhibitors in .toe Lanca shire court of toe Melbourne Exhibition; toe space to be occupied is 70,909 lent square, and the court promises to be one of the most attractive features of toe great show. It is computed that three petty larceny trials, appointed to take place in Melbourne this week, will cost the coiuitiy something like £100 each. It is really about time we discovered some means of cheapening onr sethods of dealing with criminals. Charges of misconduct brought against Constable Cruncher woe dismissed by the Geelong magistrates on' Saturday. The Bench suggested that one of the principal witnesses in the case should be prosecuted on a charge of committing petjnry- A form of chicken cholera is at present prevalent in the colony. He disease is In curable, and Mr. Pearson, the Government Agricultural Chemist advises the isolation ci ail infected yards and the periodical, disin fecting of fonl-honses with carbolic acid. Mr. Bent, who was armand by the Trades Hall people of having a weakness for Chinese, eaye he never employed _ Celestial labor, and doesn't like toe Mongolian a bit ; bat he wants toe Government to take legal and constitutional means to keep the bar . b a nans out of toe country- Three seamen have been, sentenced to twelve weeks' imprisonment at Sydney on a charge of mutiny on the high sbou. The evidence showed that toe master of the vessel, a person named Johnson, waaa per- fect tyrant, and by his ill -treatment oE the men brought about the mntiny. A Malay named Simon bas been admitted to the Port Darwin Hospital suffering from gunshot wounds in.hia Inngs he aiyidentaily received a week previously. He unfortu nate fellow was six days in. an open boat which conveyed him to Port Darwin from the place where toe ais'idmtnccnrredr From Jeriiderin, New South Wales, an. esteemed corrrapandent writes on toe 7th inst. es follows: — "We have hadrain to break the very drv weather that has pre vailed so long. Plongbfog here has been much retarded for the want of rain, but now a good many are busy. Stock are looking. welL" The Herald tells a story of a woman who was malignant enough to demand as a test of her husband's sobriety hie pneiiinriatinn of the word " chrysanthemum." TheniwhBn the poor fellow had learned to say it either. drunk or sober she suddenly changed the: pass-word to " rhododendron " mid- the ill- used man had to sleep ontonrioor-mat; The Aye atiH demaads that "more light" should be let in on the Kensington Hill business, and wants to know something abont a claim for -£480,..cniiniiisninn;eenfcto the Government by Mr. Yeo, an; agent who- acted for the vendor of the land.. "which the Government refused to buy, but of which they took £20,000 worth of surface eoiL In his sermon on Sunday morning, the 1 en. Archdeacon Cooper stated tosfc of alL the churches in Hamn&m;,- toe Church of England was the only-one toat bad not a permanently established .Foreign r Mmriona Committee or Society. - This notwithstand ing that the Church of Engiand: Miminnary Society waa the largest in toe world, contri buting nearly half of toe total amount «nb- scribed for mission purposes. 