CHAPTER X. OONTAINS TIIE THIRD AND LAST PART OF MrY rATIfL 'B JOURNAL eETrINO PORTH TIHE MUTINY ON BOARD TIIHE ELLE ORETUENE. 'June 19-Strange that wherever I am hospitably entertained. I recompense my hoes by falling ill in his house. Since my last entry in this journal I have been living at the gate of death, smitten down with a sore sickness. It oeems that th.e long exposure and weariness of my jiurney to the Peak threw me into a fever ; but of this I should soon have recovered, were it not for my head, which I fear will never be wholly rigt againm. That cowardly blow upon Malabar tiit has made a sad wreck of me; twice, when I seemed in a fair way to recovery, has my mind entirely given way. Mr. Everele'gh indeed assures me that my life has more than once been despaired of-and then what would have become of poor Margery ? I hope I am thankful to God for so mercifully sparing my poor life, the more so because conscious how unworthy I am to appear before Him. ' I trust I did not betray my secret in my wanderings. Mr. Evereleigh tells me I talked the strangest stuff at times-about rubies and akele.one, and a certain dreadful face from which I was struggling to escape. But the security of my journal and the golden Clasp, which I recovered today, somewhat reassured me. I am allowed to walk in the garden for a short space every day, but not until today have I found strength to dig for my hoard. I can hardly describe my emotious on finding it safe and sound. ' Poor Margery I Flow anxious she must be getting at my silence. I will write her tomorrow-at least I will begin my letter to morrow, for I shall not have etrenth to finish it in one day. Even now I ought not to be writing, but I ?lnnot firbear making an entry in my recovered journal, if only to record my thankfulness to Heaven for my great deliverance. ' Jane 22.-I have written to Margery, but torn the letter up on second thoughts, an I nad betterwait ontil I hear news of a vessel in which I can safely travel home. Mr., Eversleigh, who is very kind to me, though nt so hearty as Mr. Saudereou, will no, hoar of my a arting in my preeent condition. I wonder in what part of the world Oolliver I is travelling now. SJuly 1.--)h, this weary waiting ' Shall I never see the shores of England agaoi ? The doctor says that I only make myself wor'eby fretting but it is her t to linger~o -when at my Journey's enI lies wealth almost beyond the imagination, and, what is far more to me, the sight of my dear ones. 'July 4 -In answer to my entro.ties, Mr. Evereleigh has consented to make inquiriea about the bomeward-!ound vessele startiog from O,)lombo. The result is that hbe ha at once allayed my impatience, and compassed his end of keeping me a little loiter, by selectingc-upon condition that I approve his choice--an East Indiaman due to sail in about a fnrtnigh 'a time. The name of the ship is the Belle Portune. a,,d of theca ,tamt,. Corus Holdinlg. In spite of the name tIh ship is English, and i a barque of about i100 tone register. Her cargo cousiats of sugar and coffee, and her crew numbers some eighteen hands. To- morrow I am going down with Mr. Evereleigh to inspecther but Iam prepared beforehand tofind her to my liking. Toe only pity is that sbe does not start earlier. SJuly i --Weak as I am, even yesterday's hort excursion exhausted me, so that I felt unable to write a word leatnight. I have been over the Belle Fortune, and am more than pleased, especially with htr captain. whose honiest face took my fancy at once. I have a most comfortable cabin next to his set apart for me, at little coat, since it had been fitted up for a lady on the outward voyage; so that I shall stilt habae a little money in pocket on my return, as my living. I both here and at B ,mbay, has cost nothiiig. and the doctor's bills have not exhausted Smy s:ore. I wrote again to Margery to-day, a makig as tiKt of my illness as I could, and e saying nothintof the business on Malabar Hill. That will beet be told hpr when she has e me home aeain, and can hold Pny hand feeling that I am secure. v' July 'i -I have been dort again to-day . to see the Blalle Fortune. I forgot to say she belongel to Messrs. Vincent and Hext,of e Bristol, and is bound for that port. Theonly other poseengers are a Dr. Concanen and his wife, who are acquaintances of Mr. Evers.e I leigh. Dr. Concanen is a physician with a good practice in Colombo. or was, as his wife's delicate health has forced him to throw up s his employment hero and return to England. f Mr. Evirsleigh introduced me to them this I morning on the Be'le Fortune. Thehusban I I is almost as tall as my hoot, and looks a man r of great strength. Mrs. Concanen is frail Sand worn, but very lovely. To-day she s seemed so ill that I offered to give up my t cabin, which is really much more come a fortable than theirs. But she would not bear of it, insisting that I was by far the greater invawlid, and that a sailing vessel wonld l quickly set her right again, especially a vessel bound for England. Altogether they promise to be most pleasant companions. I forgot to say that Mrs. Ooncanso Is taking a native maid home to act as her nurse. 'July 11.-Westart in a week's time. 1 had a tlong talk with Captain Holding to day ; he hopes to make a fairly quick passage, but says that he is short of hands. I have not seen the Concanens since. 'July IG.-We sail to-morrow afternoon. I have been down to make my final arrange ments, and find my oabiu much to my liking. Captain Holding is still short of hands. ' July 17, 7.'30 p.m.- We cast off our warps shortly after 4 o'clock, and were quickly running homeward at about seven knots an bour. The Coucanens stood on deck with me watching Oerluon grow dim on the horizon. As the proud cone of Adam's Peak faded softly arrn, slowly into the evening's mist, and so vanished, as I hope, for ever cot of my life, I could not forbear returning thanks to -Providence, which- has thus far watched over me so wonderfully. Thereis a fair breeze, and the. hands, though short, do their work well to all appearance There were only fifteen yesrerday, three having b-en missed for about a week before we sailed, but I have not yet seen Captain Holdling to ask him if he made up his number of hands at the last moment. Mrs. Ouncanen has invited me to their cabin to have a chat about England. SJuly 18.-I am more disturbed than I care to own by a very curious discovery which I made this morning. As I issued on deck I saw a man standing bh the forecastle, whose back seemed familiar to me. Presently be turned, and I saw him to be Simon Colliver, lie has most strangelyaltered his appearance, being dressed now as a common sailor, and wearing rings in his ears, as the custom is. Catching sight of me he came forward with a pleasaut smile and explained himself. " It is no manner of use, Trenoweth; we're fated to m'et. You did not expect to see me here in this get up ; but I learnt last night that you were on board. You look as though you haddeen a ghost. Don't stare so man--I asbould say ' tsir' now, I suppose-it's only another of fortune's rubs. I fell ill after that ouarney to the Peak, and although Railton nursed me like a woman-he's' a good fellow, and not as rough as you would expect-I woke up mt of my fever to find all themoney pone. I'm a fellow of resource, Trenoweth, so I hit on the idea of working my passage home; by good luck I found the Belle Fortuone was shortof hands, offerel my services, was accepted-havlng been to see before, you know-sold my old clothes for this costume-must dress when one is acting a part-and here I am." " Is lilton with you?" I asked. "Oh, yes; similarly attired. I did not t see you yesterday, being busy wi'h the cargo, so that it's allthe more pleasant to meet here. But work is the order of the day now. Y,,u'll give me a good character to the captain, won't you? Good'bye for the present." *I cannot tell how much thismeeting has depressed me. Certainly I have no reason for disbelieving the man's story, but the frequency and strangeness of our meetings make It hard to believe them altogether accidental. I saw IRailton in the afternoon ; he is gretly altered for the worse, and, I should think. bhad been drinking heavily before he shioped; but the captain was evidently too shirt of hands to be particular. I thinkI will.ive the C.,ncanene my tin box to hide in their cabin. Of c 'urse. I can trust them, anid this will bhalt, teftc; the clasp I will wear ab 'at me. l'Tis s so a happy idea. r I will go to theircabin and ask them. It le half past 9 p m., and the wind still fair, I I believe. 'July 20 -We have so far kept up an iverageslpeed of seven knots and a half an hour, and C.ptain Holding thinks we aball even make better sailling when the hands are more accustomed to their work. I spend my time mostly with the Concanens, who readily, by the way, undertook the care of my tin box, and find them the most agreeable of fellow-travellers. Mrs. Concanen has avery sweet voice, and her husband has learnt to accompany it on the guitar, aso that altogether we spend very pleasant evenings. (To EI corNrreED.) 