D er & ýelrt. The siory of the old gentleman? t B?n: ambra, who drove io from the country, with his wife in the dray, stopped in front of the stori and took the 'possam toug from over his wife's lap, put it over the nag that hauled the. cart;.and went to do some shopping, leaving his wife in the dray with noth ing overrher, shows the mesncses of some men. Probably that old fellow thought that, if the horse caught cold and died,. at would cost him twenty pounds to replace it, while if his wife took her death cf cold he could get another without costing a farthing, and maybe get'one that was younger, and better looking, and.who could do more work. There are wives ill over this country who are neglected by. their husbands, while their live stock receive the beat of care. And yet if a neighbor were to brain sueach a man with a maul and wedges, there would be plenty of gasalps who would say the neighbor did wrong. I look down from my window, Where softly to and fro Wave the slim, gold-hearted daisies, With fingers white asu snow. They nod to the creamy clover That's blowing all about, And they to k like little pin-wheels, For the fire flies are out. I watch in the quiet moonlight, And fancy my c aion greets, Lying amog those d mstees, The airy ghost of Keats. I fancy I see him lying, Feasting his joyouseyes ' Upon those meadow fairies, As though in Paradisa. In the morning I sea tte spirit Of Keats; and it, latas Is naught in the world, dear reader, But a night-gown on the g'au. Edmund Szezepankiewickz and Fanny Kuzinsk were being married the other day, and during the ceremony their names got mixed. A panic ensued and one man was killed, while seventeen others were more or less severely injured. Finally order was re stored, the ambulance removed the dead and wounded, a fresh minister was found, and the ceremony prccreded. Young man, you had better not try to flirt with a pair of hazel eyes. It Is a waste of time and dangerous. They are less suscep. tible than the blue, and once deceived do not pine away in grief, but rally for revenge, and take it cut in scorn. If you tackle them, you had better go in to win or leave the country. And while we think of it, we'll make another remark ! When you woo and win and wed, you had better keep on wooing and winning afterwards, or prepare for painful consequences. It takes a power of love to do them. It inssated that a Belgian annager, struck with the difficulty good fathers and mathers experierce in choosing harmhlss perform. nues for their children, has hit upon a novel way of informing the public of the character of the pieces played at his theatre. He prints his bills in different colors, indicat. ing the nature of his theatrical wares. For txample, a red bill signifies that the play is pernicious; a white bill- thatit- is moral; and a blue one that it is half and half: This man's a wonder of the age, Who war thus boldly wages In Truth's behalf, and shows the Stage Can still advance by stinages I In bringing such a method out, He proves himself no dullard; Though his descriptions moust, no doubt, Be very "highly eo!ored I" The white bill shows the play is good, And to all vice a strange ; The sear let poster (as it should) Distinctly points to danger; The blue-a soft cerulean lure Tells all who are euspicious The play is not supremely pure, Yet not entirely vicious. The plan sems wise ; tont ere we praise The virtues in it larking, Let's think upon the various ways In which it may be working. We'd seatk at length, but space forbids Qar doing more than showing This sketch of pa and ma and "kids" Intent on theatre-going. p'AT?O (lr ) : The opera's Wchite to-night, and so, As they've not been to view one, We'll send the children there, and go Ourselves to see a blue one. Tae piece is red next week, I hear, And, as it's rather shady, l'ad visit that alone, my dear I could not take a lady I -Some one suggests-a new steel god that will 'cratch an en'emmy. It Is proposed to have it arrs-cod like a weighing machine, and when the enemy comes up to the gun he will- see a sign as follows: "Drop a penny in the slot and see the gun go off." No enemy could resist the temptation to put in a copper, any more than a man can resist the tempatation to find out how much he weighs. A draper's .asisratt,lising_.in Richmond, ate something which did not agree with him the other-night. and after going to sleep began to dret?i?. Amongother things, he dneaumthtat he was waiting upon a lady customer, and for want of something better. began to .tear ard after yard of strips off the sheheets. It is not known whether at the end he said, "Fifteen and six, please, C-a-s-h I' but the landlady probably got that the next day. Near-sighted artist : "B'Jove, there's a glorious subject; just wait till I sketch it a beautiful amber and gold sunset, with a" white cloud moving slowly to the right. If I could get that on canvas as it should be, it would hbeworth a fortune." Farmer's boy: ,!Wk at yer talkin about That's my red.haded eaister settia' over there on a rek,, and the cloid i the old white horn'e a-eatin' gram." -. 