A LOUNGE IN LOWER LATITUDES. No. IL (BY THE BOHEMIAN.] In spite of the deck cargo it was a pleasant voyage on the Moonshee to Brisbane. We had calm weather and a bright sky, and soon began to skirt the varied coast. The company was varied, too, and not wholly disagreeable. Besides the eighteen fore-deck passengers bound for the diggings at Croydon, there were three in the saloon, one of whom was a Dutch Jew, an auctioneer, and another was an English Jew, a very thin man, who looked like the ghost of Shylock. He eaid he had been told that the chief danger of a voyage consisted in the absence of exercise, and so he tried to walk about the deck, but not having his sea-legs on, he wa9 afraid to take steps of more than twelve inches in length. These he took very quickly j in I order to make up for their brevity, and this caused him to lose his balance so often that he was always tumbling up against us. So we quite stood clear when he started on his walks and applauded him at Intervals till he sat down. There was a horsey man, loud in his manners and attire, there were a few persons of the diaper's assistant sort, and an elderly commercial traveller who was anecdotic. Two lady passengers lay wrapped in shawls and sea-sick on the saloon Bkylight, children careered madly about the deck, but moBt of the men, including the captain, were usually grouped around the commercial traveller. This gentleman made them merry with two kinds of anecdotes, of which the one was expressed in words and the other in gestures only. The silent expectation of the company during the development of the latter, in some of which several had to act as lay figures, was worth seeing. Unlike Mr. Froude, I travelled without- a Sophocles, an ^Eschylus, and a Pindar, so I amused myself listening to the commercial gentleman until 1 felt fatigued with the monotony of the enjoyment, when, turning in a sort of despair in search of other . mental occupation, I observed n passenger whom I had not noticed before. He waa a tall man with scanty grey hair, a clean-shaved face, a large aquiline pendant nose, and a thick-lipped mouth drawn down at the corners like that of the professional mute or undertaker's man. He wore a high black hat, a long black surtout, and a pair of brown kid gloves, and he carried a silk umbrella, which served as a walking-stick. Such a costume on board a steamer at sea arrested my attention, as did also the expression of settled and profound melancholy which characterized his features and corresponded with his dress and manner. He held aloof from the officers of the ship and from all the other passengers, and walked slowly up and down with his gloves and his umbrella. Satiated as I was with the buffooneries of the commercial traveller, I regarded the melancholy man as a sort of oasis in the desert of the deck, and resolved to make his. acquaintance. It was some little time before an opportunity offered itself. When it did, .1 eat down beside him, and the following conversation took place : — "Nasty deck cargo," I said. " Yes; a low set of fellows, I suppose," said the melancholy man. "Ob, they are ; but I was speaking of the loading of the ship. It is dangerous." "Dangerous!" he exclaimed. " Ha! ha ! no chance of danger when I am on board. I would say to the captain, Casarem poiias ct fortunam ejus. I am not born to be drowned. I am destined to travel over the world, seeking in vain to obliterate the memories of the past by chaDge of scene, and to bear the burden of my sorrows with me. No, there's no danger when J am aboard. I presume yon are travelling for what they call pltasmv ? He scarcely seemed to take note of my answer, and continued—" Yes, enjoy yourself by all means if you can. I have long since ceased to do so or even to attempt it. Painful domestic circumstances have made me a wauderer in search of occasional distraction atnid changing scenes. ' Pleasure' is to me only a name—vos. ct jmuterea nihil— and I experience only, as it were, tli6 ghost of it when new scenes for a few minutes engross the attention and suspend the action of memory. But I need hardly describe myself. There must be many men lika me ; don't you think so ?" The idea of there beiug many men like my companion nearly set me off a-laughing ; but I controlled myself and merely eaid there might be, but I had not had the pleasure of meeting many. " The pleasure, ha ! ha ! You make mo laugh, sir, when you speak of ' the pleasure' of meeting a man like me. Very polite, I knoiv, but I assure you the expression is a mistake. Why, I make every man, miserable that has to do with me; aye and every •woman too. Yes, sir, every woman; any number of women. And, oh, ; how wretched they make me ! There are some men, sir, who are so constituted by nature that they exercise an irresistible fascination over women. I know not what it is—something in the blood, the nerves, the spirit of the man, that makes itself, consciously or unconsciously, felt the moment he approaches within the orbit, if I may say so, of the woman. The fatal gifts of Venus are curses, and they ! are the sad endowment of those born beneath her influence. Of such a man, as of her own JEneas, it may be said— Csesariem nato genetrixlumenque juventse Purpureum, et l&tos; oculis affiarat honores. Such a man—to my shame and sorrow I say it—am I. But, hark! that's the dinner-bell already." It was the dinner-bell, and it rang just in time to give me an excuse for laughing. " All right," I said, " your goddess grows cold without her victuals. I won't say it in Latin. I'm glad you are not too wretched to eat." After dinner I let the captain take me in tow and show me his charts and give me a great deal of information as to geography, geology, ethnology, and other things with which he was thoroughly acquainted. He lived at Brisbane, he said, and they wanted an apron-string University there, so that their sons might enjoy the blessings of the higher education without losing those of home. I asked him whether he thought the admiring solicitude of an illiterate parent was an incentive likely to turn out a senior classic, or was a compensation for the boy's not mixing with the world. He said he had learnt his biggest lessons after being early loosed from the maternal moorings, and he meant his boy to pursue his scholastic career at a distance. Then I sat and listened to the commercial gentleman for a while till I got tired of him, and then took to the melancholy man again. I found he had made the circuit of the Australasian Colonies, and I tried to extract from him the impressions he had derived, but this was impossible. He had visited New Zealand to escape the ennui of Victoria, landed in Tasmania because his sorrows pursued him in New Zealand, and returned by way of Victoria to Sydney, where he was only deterred from taking passage for San Francisco because the passenger-list disclosed the name of a woman who, he was sure, had designs upon him. He was now going to try the effect of Brisbane, and, if that failed like the rest, he would make his way to Shanghai and thence to Japan He felt convinced that if he could get to Japan, and get carried across the mountains in a Sedan chair borne by perspiring natives to Tokio, he would receive a set of new sensations which would banish his painful thoughts more effectually. Ha had heard of it, and was determined to try the experiment. "But yet wherever I go and whatever I do," he added, with a sigh, " what does it amount to ? A new sight, a fresh sensation, a transient thrill of pleasure, to be followed by a return of a nightmare of remorse. You are younger than I am—I am 50 years of age—and you are Btill free from domestic burdens; but if you were my senior instead of my junior I should ask you whether a man has always to live on like this with all his joys mortgaged, if I may say so, to his memory, and all his strength exhausted in paying the interest to his relentless creditor. Is the principal debt never to be discharged 1 Is there no time at which a valve closes over the past and allows the present to be enjoyed free from the pollutions of regret 1 Or is there no medicine which can stay recollection at a certain spot, and leave the soul free to assimilate more recent joys V' " It can be done," I said, " by adopting some occupation for the mind, taking plenty of exercise and paying studious attention to victuals." " I have a good appetite as it is," said the M. M., "and I'm not fit for any occupation." I said, " You could keep cows, could not you, and be a "lillrman % You would have plenty of work, and no time for thinking of anything else." "But you forget my painful peculiarity, sir," said the M. M., "what I had better call my fate. You forpet the icomen; they would persecute me with their artifices and wileB. In fact I should be unable to serve my customers in safety. No, sir, it would be a dangerous occupation, and you will forgive me for saying that till you have gone through what I have, you don't possess sufficient experience to advise me. You may have come, like myself, of an honourable and ancient family j you may have imbibed academic learning from its richest repository, and may have acquired a.knowledge of life from mixing in a cultivated society; but, unless you have yourself experienced the sorrows of the soul, you are incapable of becoming its physician. It would be of no use for me to be a milkman, and I'll wish you good night." The next day I certainly did not trouble myself about the sorrows of theM. M.'s soul, but derived an elevated pleasure from watching the beauties of the varied coastline, and a sort of depraved satisfaction from the mummeries of the commercial traveller. We were nearing our port, and there was only one more night to spend on board. The M.M. was there on the deck with his black surtout, umbrella, gloves, and woful countenance, bht we did not enter into conversation. Eating, smoking, and talking went their usual round, and it was not till after the eun went down that I began to feel weary and ashamed of the emptiness of the day. The indented coastline, with its changing shades of bay and promontory, was no longer visible; the captain was engaged on his duties, and the commercial man, even if I had wanted him, was not within range. Indeed I had sat for some time alone and engaged in reflection on the after deck, when it occurred to me that a w<?rd to (he M.M. before going to bed would 1>9 only civil, and perhaps some chance remark from me might serve as a balsam to his wodnde4 spirit. Looking round I noticed that the deck was empty, but for the seasick ladies sleeping over the skylight. I listened aud heard voices below. The people in the cabin were playing at euchre. I distinguished the voice of the commercial traveller, the man with the horee was alao there. But where wa3 the M. M, ? Ha would not be playing euchre with these others, though probably the Jew and tho draper's assistants were doing BO. But presently the cards ended, glasses clinked more and spoons rattled oftener, and the voices grew louder. After a time I went down to see what they were doing. To my astonishment I saw six noisy, laughing fellows, each with his tumbler, seated at the after end of the table, and, presiding in the captain's chair, was none other than the melancholy man! "Here, steward," he cried, " one more all round, hot, with sugar and lemon as before. Look alive. Holla Bohemian! Why did not you come before ? What will you take to drink ?" "Not having experienced the sorrows of the soul," I eaid, " I scarcely presume to be its physician." " Hang that," eaid the- M, M , " name your drink." I said I would take a &ip; of mild cognac. "And now, gentlemen,"said the M. M., the tumblers having all been re-filled, "perhaps you have not heard the last rage of the music halls in London ; so before we turn in, with your leave, I'll give you ' Two lovely black eyes.'" He gave it very well, and was vociferously applauded, after which the noisy fellows went to bed. I could understand now why ho would not be a milkman. 