SItit mib Junior. Magistrate (to prisoner) — ' You say, Uncle East«s, that you took the ham because you are out of work and your family is starving: And! yet I understand that you have four dogs about the house.' Uncle Rastus— ' Yes. sab. : but 1 wuddent arsk my family to eat dogs, yo' Daughter (somewhat elderly)—11 Mamma,' I think Mr. Sampson intends to propose to night.' Mother— ' Oh, I hope he will. Heis desirable in every way.' ' If he does, mamma, ought I to be a little reserved and distant ? - juBt at first, you know?' ' No, dear ; I don't think you had better take any chanceB.' 'Now, here is something you'il like,' said! the manager of the tile work?, as he was show iap some ladies the process of manufacture— 'Texts of Scripture on tiles for mantel ornamentation.' ' Oh,' replied Mrs. Fangle, 'I've often heard of textile manufactures, but; I never saw them before.' Mi«i Prime— ' Philosophers disagree as to which period of life seems the longest to man kind. What in your opinion, doctor?' Doctor (meditatively) — ' Well, it varies. In women, for instance, the longest generally is between %s and 20. I know in my wife's case 10 years elapsed between her 23th and 30th birthday.' A literary Ijwum in a western American town ist wrestling over the question— ' Is tha proper definition of an editor a man who put3 things in a. p»p*r or a man who keeps thugs r,v%T' Most Ruccfjswful editors believe that th«y hs»ve be*sn beat helped by the matter they ha.ve basketed. Mi'g Chatty Lafite (showing her library to friecd) — ' Yett, that's Kronrning. Ife awfully good, I gnppcge ; bnt I don't underfctand all oE it. J likeEUTuethinf; lighter.' Friend — 'And you have Praed?' Mira Tafite (blushing a little)— 'Ye*, I have. But it didn't do anj good.' Friend drop* the aubject. An Aup.tin colored man with protruding' eyes ruehed into a justice's office and. ex claimed— 'I wants Colonel Jones, who libs nex.' door to me, put under a million dollars bonds ter keep de peace.' ' Has he threatened! your life ?' ' He has done that berry ding. He said he were g'wine to fill the nexJ niggah be found after dark in bis hen-house plum lull ob buckshot. ' Scene— A Suffolk ?village school. Government inspector examining a class on the subject of the Witch of Endor and Samuel's ghost.— Govern- ment inspector— 'Well, boys, what did the Witch of Endor think Bhe aaw V {Pause.} First Boy — 'Plaze, sir, that war an appuri tion.' Government Inspector—' Quito right ; but what is an apparition V (Longer pause.) Second Boy— 'Piazs, sur, that be a spactur I' Government Inspector — 'Yes, yes, quite right again, so far; but what's a spectre?' (Pro longed pause. ) Bright Boy (in a wild falsetto) — 'Plaze, sur, that be a gentleman as goo about examinin' scules !' Father and Son.— The following letter was sent by a man to his son at college: — 'Mjf dear, son — I write to send you some new so&ks9; which your mother has just knit by cutting down some of mine. Your mother sends yon ten pounds without my knowledge, and foe . fear you would not spend it wisely I have kept back half, and only send you five. Youc mother and I are well, except that your Bister . has got the measles, which we think would) spread among the other girls if Tom had not had them before, and he is the only one left. I hope you will do honor to my teachings; if you do not you are a donkey, and your mothec and myself are your affectionate parents.' A farmer about 50 years old one day lately stopped a number of people in the street to enquire his way to a gymnasium, and he was finally asked if he was going to take lessons in boxing. 'No, not exactly,' he replied, 'but I want to eee a thumper.' He was directed to the right place, and after looking the establish ment over he said, to the proprietor— 'I live out here about 14 miles, I've got a hired man who has got eo sassy that I can hardly live with him. He's too big to lick with a gad, and I've got to cuff him np to a peak. I want to take a lesson with the gloves, and when I go home I'll astonish John Henry with a bit of ' BciencB.' One of the boxers about the place said he'd give a lesson for a dollar, and the old man, peeled down to his undershirt and. put on the gloves. He was shown how to pose andt how to hold his guard, and then warned to look out for himself. ' You play you are John Henry, the hired span,' he said. 'All right,' 'You've been fooling your time away, and I've called you a la^y coyote.' 'Exactly.' 'Yon have saseed me back, and I .go for you like this —and this.' And the old man struck right and left, and followed the boxer roundfthe ring. He was doing noble work when some thing ehot over his guard and hit his chin, and; he went over like a log-, and lay there until they threw water on him. 'ihen he sat up* looked about in a dazed way, and feebly en quired-1-' What was it?' 'John Henry hit yon.' 'He did, eh? Then that settles it. \- Here's your dollar, young man, and here's ths gloveB. If I'm liable to. get such a lick as that I'm going home -to tell the hired man he can . boss the whole ranch and be hanged to him I' 