PARISIAN ECHOES. PARIS, 7th July. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) The Czar is reported to be very discon tented; guess at what? Bulgaria not knuck ling down; Turkey not balancing her war indemnity account; the alliance with France being check mated by Bismarck; the Trans causiau rail way yielding no profit; English millionnaires preparing to present their Queen with a fleet of greydiouud cruisers; some new Nihilist plot? Not one of these, but lie is in arrear of bis office work, and bis earliest aud most confidential adviser, M. Pobiedouotzeir, says, bis once pupil aud now Czar, cannot have his outing this summer to Denmark, till that arrear be worked ofif. The Czar is a tremendous worker—when he com mences; the difficulty is to get him to com mence. He rises at sin the morning, but avoids his study till the last moment. As is well known, his present wife was the financee of bis elder brother, Czarewitch Nicholas, who died at Nice in April, 1565, leaving the Princess Dagmarof Denmark in consolable, although he, when on the point of expiring, took her band, and placing it in that of Alexander, said to her, “ Wed my brother,” aud the Russian nation gallantly insisted on the dying injunction of the heir apparent being executed. Tbe Princess Dagtnar not the less cut oil all her hair as sign of grief, and was between life and death during two months. A special boudoir was set apart iu the chateau of Fredensborg, and fitted up with furniture and souvenirs of tbe deceased Crown Prince, brought from St. Petersburg; to these were added all the mementoes tbe Princess herself possessed. It was iu this milieu she took her first les sons of conversion to the Greek Church— ouly poor converts are looked down upon. It was iu that room, when aged 19, that she signed the present contract to wed the pre sent Czar, which marriage was celebrated in November, ISG6. One of the greatest pleasures of their Russian majesties in going to Fredensborg is to visit that boudoir so full of mixed happiness. France, like other uations, had been duly iuvited to assist at the opening of the Samar caud grand juuctiou railway, and where General Anueukow, or Anuenkoff, did all the honors with an impartial Verseilles cour tesy, and tried to make re-live some of the scenes of, aud iu, the land of the “Arabiau Nights.” The French delegates state that the present “ crank” of General Anneu-. koffis to unite his line just opened to that of the India railway system, aud to found the alliance so desired by Peter 1., namely, that of France-Enghind-Russia. Timco Danaoi ct dona ferrentes? In tbe mean time the General has given orders that his headquarters be advanced to Saraks. This will bring the Russian outposts to within GO miles ol Herat; a city fortified by English officers at present against any surprise. Further, a Russian brigade has advanced to Kerki, on tbe frontier of Afghanistan, iu order to protect the Trauscausian railway from unexpected raids. The belief is gene rally credited here that a company of English capitalists has overcome tbe scruples of tile Sultan respecting the concession of a railway through Asia Minor, connecting with Persia aud North-Western India. The Sultan would receive practical aid in the matter of anew loan. General AnnenkolT has utilised the most renowned robbers of Turkestan, by transforming them into policemen. It was similarly that France placed at the head of her Police Department the convict Vidocq. Merv is reported to be a safer city in its out skirts than—Paris! A European merchant transacts business over a district 90 miles round Merv, driving himself bis “one-horse shay,” aud having no other arm than Louis Philip’s sceptre —an umbrella. The homeward journey of the invited to the opening of the Samarcand railway was not as satisfactory as the outward bound. French correspondents allude to having to wait long hours under a desert furnace sun, till some railway bridges that had been swept away were rather rebuilt than re paired. That kind of breakage w ould be a questionable aid to Russia iu the transport of men and materiel for the invasion of India. When the houses on wheels train pulled up at Geok-Tepe station a curious history was related. It was that immense citadel, 1200 acres in extent, that Skobeleff a few years ago converted into a cemetery for 10,000 men; and with thcslain was entombed the power of the Turcomans. Daring the at tack, the Russian bands, as usual, coutiuued playing battle music. The souvenir of the latter never left the miuds of the natives, so that a few months ago, when the railway' station was inaugurated, the bands per formed in honor of the event. Instantly the whole population rushed out, howliug and foaming at the mouth, and striking their heads against the ground, .so that order had to be given to cease playing. Native carpets aud precious stones can be purchased cheaper in Loudon or Paris than in Central Asia. Many persons have an aversion for travel ling even with the ghost of luggage. Here is a hint how Turkestan citizens manage re specting the refreshment basket. On re moving their big dishevelled hair hats they plunge their hand into the bottom, take out some dried fruit or other necessary of life, stoop the body as a camel kneels to receive its burden, aud replace the head gear as cox couibly as a guardsman would his bear skin. The cupboard hat is anew idea for voyagers. 