Football. THE ENGLISH TEAM v. NORTHERN | DISTRICT. I One of the most interesting football matches ever played in the Northern district under Aus- tralian rules, took place on the Albion Ground on Tuesday afternoon, in the presence of about 1200 spectators, including many ladies, who took a lively pleasure in the contest, which was between the English Football Team and a twenty chosen from the Wallsend, Newcastle, Summerhill, Nor- thumberland, and Our Boys' Clubs. The visitors arrived in Maitland on the previous evening, and were at once driven to Hodgson's Royal and Main's Excelsior Hotels, where everything possible was done to make them comfortable. Arrangements had been made that they were to be given an op- portunity of seeing the picturesque country about Maitland, but by special request they were allowed to pass the morning roaming at their own sweet will, as they expressed themselves as tired and sadly in need of a rest. Mr. George Buxton, a most enthusiastic and ardent supporter of football and other athletic pastimes, was, however, always on hand to supply information, and to act as guide generully. 1'he Albion Ground had been specially prepared for the match, which should be a memor- able one from the fact that it was the only oc- casion on which the Britons had played under tne rules .in New South Wales, and also the only one in which they had been compelled to strike the Union Jack, although they had only been suc- cessful in some half dozen matches under Associa- tion rules in Victoria and South Australia, but they are well- nigh invincible at Rugby. The contest was timed to begin at a quarter past three, but it was long after that hour b'efore the English- men were driven on to tho ground in a four horse 'bus, and it was approaching foui o'clock as the men entered the field, where they were received with a hearty cheer. Two of the team wore a bit off colour, and their places were kindly taken by Norman and Kennedy of the Northumberland Club. The other members of the combination were a won- derful, sturdy and athletio lot, as may be gained from the following particulars:-R L. Sneddon, 5ft. HJin., weight, I2st. 71b. ; J. T. Haslem, Oft. Oin., weight, list. 91b. ; A. Paul, 6ft., Weight, 14st. 71b.; A. C. Speakman, Sib. 8Jin., weight, list. 121b. ; A. E. Stoddart, 5ft. lOin., weight, 12st ; Dr. Brooks, about 5ft. 7jin., weight, 12st. ; J. Anderton, 5ft. 7in., weight, 12st. 71b ; J. Nolan, 5ft. 7in., weight, list. 81b. ; R. Burnett, 5ft. Oin., weight, list. 7lb. ; T. Banks, about 5ft. 8Jhi., and weight over 12st. ; H. Eagles, 5ft. 7in., weight, list. 121b ; W. H. Thomas, 5ft. ll^in., weight, 13st. 71b. : J. P. Clowes, 5ft. 8Jin., weight, list. 71b.;' T. Kent, 5ft. 6in., weight, 12st. ; A. Penbeth, Gft. lin., weight, 12st. 121b.; Dr. Smith, 6ft. 3in., weight, 15st. ; A. J. Laing, 5ft. lOJin., weight list. 111b. The Northerners were: R. Bower (captain), Giles, Bussell, Howell, Cosstick, Derkenne, Estell; Creighton, Smart, O'Brien, Adamson, Evans, Conn, Berthold, Griffiths, G. and Jas: Du Guid, T. Moore, Thomas, and Marshall ; but they were a weedy looking lot when compared with their opponents, although they were all fast and game as pebbles. Considerable disappointment was expressed at the ' absenco of John Du Guid, Archie Moore, and Harris, Wallsend representatives who were un- avoidably detained, so their places were taken by substitutes. As to the contest itself it can at once be set down as a bad one, as the Englishmen did not know enough about the little points of tho game to be a fair match for the Northerners, who fairly outran and out-kicked their opponents, who, however, aro very proficient when the short time they have known the rules is taken into considera- tion, bub they are just a bit too heavy and too slow to be champions in the Australian game. There was not the slightest suspicion of wind, and the day was such a beautiful one for football that the winding of the toss by Bower from Sneddon, who led the Englishmen, made but slight difference. He, however, selected the western goal. The battle began by Sneddon kicking off, and sending the ball well down among the Northern backs, where Bower was waiting to receive it, but he fumbled the mark, and the English followers were on to him ore he could recover possession, and Creighton had to come to his commander's relief, and ho took the leather straight up the centre by a good run until stopped by Haslem, who made an . effort to return the charge down the wing. George Duguid, however, beat him, and sending the oval well on to Howell, the latter had a long kick which just got behind. Dr. Smith set the ball rolling again, but it was quickly returned by Co3ätick up the north wing, and the scene of action was about I the British posts for several minutes, until the colossal Smith aud the Bturdy Paul, aided by Has- lem, shifted operations to the other end where Giiifiths was in readiness, and he kicked the ball well into the field again. Loose scrimmages were the order for some time, and out of one of these Evans got a beautiful mark, but nothing of more value than a behind re- sulted. When action ogain began the English ruck pushed down their light opponents, and by dribbling, at which they shone brilliantly, they rushed the ball right down to the local citadel, and it took Conn all his time to prevent Speakman kicking a goal, but a behind was registered. So far the contest had been pretty even, and Haslem, Brooks, Norman, Kennedy, and Sneddon fought bravely for Old England about the centre, but still they were forced back, and Cosstick nearly potted a goal by a kick off the ground, but the next instant he got a mark right in front from Howell, and, amidst great cheering, he piloted the leather fair between the posts. When play was resumed Bower quickly got on to the oval and sent it on to Jas Du Guid, and by a series of beauti- ful marks, which fairly nonplussed the Britons, it pissed from Howell, Adamson, and Cosstick, who had a shot and put up another behind. A lot of slow, uninteresting play ensued, during which Stoddart, Kent, Anderton, Brooks, and Haslem did good service for their side, and were ably opposed by Bussell, Berthold, the brothers Du Guid, Der kenne, and Moore, the northerners scored another behind. Then the English ruck once more put in their strength and had the Northern citadel in great danger had they resorted to little marks, but they kicked recklessly, and Dprkenne eventually relieved, his side by a long run and good kick. Then the umpire found it necessary to award free kicks against each side for slinging; indeed the visitors continually sinned in this respect. Stoddart had a chance of scoring from a mark from Kent, but his kick was an indifferent one and it went wide. After some pretty manoeuvring between Creighton, Evans, and Howell, in which the oval changed hands quickly, the latter had a try and netted a very difficult goal. Shortly after the kick off Stoddart sent the ball towards the colonial's goal, whore Bower and Conn touched it as it hopped between the posts, but a goal waB given for it, just as the quarter boll sounded, when the game was Northern District 2 goak 5 behinds, the Englishmen 1 goal 2 behinds. When ends were changed a series of little marks between G. Du Guid, Howell, and Cosstick' gave Adamson a show, but he foolishly lost possession, and Paul, who punts well, got the ball out of danger. Moore and Ebtell were kept very busy on the wing, but the latter passed the ball to Evans who kicked an easy goal for the home j team. In rushing the Britons charged down all opposition, but Derkenne wos always in their road, and timo after time relieved his timbers, but he was beaten at length, and the Englishmen got a chance, but again Stoddartf ailed lamentably. Fine marking between the brothers Du Guid gave Cosstick a show but he could only get it behind, and a similar chance, which Thomas' smart play gave him, was treated likewise. Paul, Banks, Kent, and Williams were applauded for their spirited efiorts on the wing, and the latter always got his kick ; Kennedy, also made two or three good runs for the visitors. Banks was the first to relieve the monotony as ho got a kick during a loose scrimmage and scooped a lucky goal for Eng- land. Giles and Bussell boro the brunt of tho conflict for a few minutes and Adamson had a couple of at- tempts without a result. Moore then shot for goal, but Banks spoiled his kick. Then the ball flow speedily from end to end until it found a resting place in Cosstick's ever open hands, and ho put it between the sticks, making the fourth goal, the scores being 4 goals 8 behinds to 2 goals 2 behinds when half-time came. After a good spell the fun recommenced, and the fight waged about the Eng- lish goal until the burly Smith rushed it away, knocking his little enemies down like ninepins. Howell was not easily beaten, however, and he sent the leather once more behind. Hero Banks, Brooks, and Haslem each made short runs, but the British never had a show, and Adamson put up the fifth goal for the colonials. Stoddart, Brooks, Kent, and Anderton were doing good work, and the former beating Jim Du Guid for a mark had a go at tho goal, but could not score. Just here for a few minutes the visitors were certainly in the ascendant, the local back men being disorganised, and Nolan dribbled a lucky goal for England. When the ball was set rolling again the pace improved greatly, and Kennedy put in a slashing run, which Howell replied to by a dodgy gallop and long kick which gained another behind. Then two more goals came quickly for Maitland through Adamson and Cosstick, and these feats were greatly cheered. Whilst the local team played tho game properly their opponents had not the ghost of a chance, but they were apparently satisfied with little things, and every now and then degenerated, and thus gave Stoddart an opportunity of knocking the leather through, and ho eagerly accepted it, making four goals for hi* side, and this was fated to be the last for the wearers of the red, white, and blue. From this until the call . of time tho Northerners had all the best of the struggle, but only two goals were added to tho ' score, by Howell and Thomas, although Cosstiok and others had very easy chances. When tho last bell was rung, the Northern team had got 9 goals 1 19 behinds to the 4 goals 5 behinds of England, for : whom Anderton played a really fine game during the last half, indeed he appeared to be the only ' one who had a good idoa of what should be done. ] Haslem, Brooks, Stoddart, Kent, Paul, Smith, 1 Banks, Laing, and Eagles also showed up well, 1 whilst the substitutes, Norman and Kennedy, ; were very useful^nen. Among the North- > erners, Derkenne was very conspicuous for his ' fine defensive play, whilst Howell and Cosstick ' were as usual all there in front ; the brothers Duguid were always ready when wanted, and . Adamson, Giles, Bussell, and Tom Moore played < a fine game. Indeed all did well. Mr. J. O. i Thomas was central umpire; and besides giving every satisfaction to both teams, made the game a i fast and correct one. In the evening the majority of the English team visited the Adelphi Skating Rink, where they passed a couple of hours very pleasantly. Selling Theatre Seats by Auction. Considerable excitement prevailed this afternoon (says Tuesday's Echo) at Messrs. Mill's and Pile's auction rooms, Pitt-street, where the seats for the opening night of the London Gaiety Burlesque Company at the Theatre Royal were submitted for public competitiou. When it was announced that the company would open on Saturday night next, the management of the Theatre Royal were besieged with applications for seating accommodation at this performance, and therefore decided, in order that all their patrons might be placed on an equal footing, to have the whole of the seats in tho dress circle and stalls reserved and disposed of publicly. Punctually at 2 p.m. to-day Mr. Pile went into his desk, and, after extolling the merits of the theatrical company, invited those present to bid, the reserve prices for the dress circle and stalls being respectively 7s 6d and 5s. The first offer made for a single dress circle seat was 10s, and this briskly rose to 12s 6d, 13s, 14s, 153. Thero was .then a decided halt, after which the figure went readily to 16s, 17s, 20s, 21s, and 22s, when the offers ceased. The purchaser took four seats, and the next three at 25s. The highest price paid for these seats was 27s, and only a few realised thiB amount. There was soon aftewards a downward tendency, the average price for a considerable time being 22s. This sum gradually decreased, and a large number of seats were sold for 10s each. Six dress circle seats remained unsold, though these would readily have found purchasers if buyers had been permitted to take more than six seats apiece, which was not allowed. The only box available was knocked down for X12. The stalls were next gone on with, the bids being 58, 6s, 7s, and 8s, at which sum four seats in the third row were taken. One seat was then taken at 11s, and many others were subsequently disposed of at 10s each, after which the competition was less keen. Between 400 and 500 persons passed in and out of the sale-room« during the time the auction lasted. 