A. BLACK GHOST rftv. AT.KxawnR-a.'Mn-njiicnw Daring a residence of two years in India, U Fred Martin, made many acquaintaneea amongst the natives. I had gone' to India tiironeh Bheer enriodtv. I had bronirnt eiseraoi incroaucuon ao miuiy n-ngii^q^fln. who h*ld either high Civil' appointments or me in the Army. I had been an inmate of the Great Eastern lotel for a week before I presented a single ntroduction to any one. The morning on vbich my tale begins lead chartered a gharry, -Dgaged a babn, whose English was of the nany syllable description, and had told him 0 tee me to 26,, Park-street 14 The sahib is not acquainted with this sit;,' said my daxk companion, showing me ub dazzling teeth. I confessed I was Ignorant,.- and -only in ended to pass through India. . 7,; . IC The sahib is travelling for pleasure and lot for commercial recompense pursuits.' The sahib will see much to astonish him in India. If the sahib requires an interpreter and an nformanter (he sahib has only: to engage ilia levoted servant.' . , ., ... We had arrived at the house and the Byce or groom' waa standing at the loor waiting for my card A minute' after lie returned and said with a low Balam, ' Memsahib salam dire.1' 'Ah.' said the babn, **? the lady will receive- you. The lady I had called on was one I had known when she and I attended schools in* St. John's Wood. I should never have re% cognised ..her— she had more than matured, while I considered mystlf still far from being a middle-aged man. ''Do you remember when last we met at the ball given by the Jacksona in the' Gyre ArmB you were mad after spiritualism, ghosts, dreamers, and fortune- tellers V ' I do ; that was the laat time we met. I went to Australia then, and you got married.' ' Yes,' said she, ' that wet Ascot Cop Day was the day that changed my life. The ball 1 speak of took place a week before, and I was engaged to be married to Captain White. Do you remember?'' ' Perfectly,' I said. 'I believe Captain White is dead!' ' Yes,' said she. ' Do you know the whole day I had a strange and unaccountable presentiment that I should never be Mn. White. I seemed half stupid, and regretted 1 bad ever gone to the races. A gipBy came to the drag and insisted on telling our for tunes. She told Captain White that before a month was out he and his sweetheart would have patted, never again to meet. Captain White said to me with a laugh, 'She does not know how to read between the lines, does she ?' The old woman drank a glass of champagne, and then looked at me. I felt suddenly turned to stone, and I beard as I thought a voice saying, 'Yon shall never marry Captain White. A month and the turf will flourish over him.' ' I remembered nothing else ; they told roe I bad fainted, and that the woman had murmured, ' How she loves him,' and then had gone on her way rejoicing to tell truth or lies to any one who was anxious to hear or willing to listen to her prognostications. That night I could not sleep ; the wretched woman haunted me, and Beemed whenever I closed my eyes to point at a tombstone on which his name was clearly painted.' ' I remember Baying to you at the ball that I believed you believed in ghosts, and your reply waa— 'For heaven's sake ohange the subject.' ' 'We were to be married in a week, when his uncle, Lord ? , telegraphed from Scotland telling him to pay him a visit before he was a married man. As Captain White was his uncle's heir he went. He caught cold, and was dead in two dayB. His.sojourn in India had impaired his health, and it was believed that damp sheets brought on the fever.' I listened with attention. She was greatly moved. 'Before I heard of bis death that woman presented heraelt to me, not in person but in spirit, atd pointed to a tombstone. For monthB I was ill and saw no one. When on the day after bis death I received the tele gram, papa having opened it, I told him the conteots without reading it. I knew it only too well, Since then I have been yearning to come acroBB some one who is interested in ghosts, and who will Btudy with me as to Bpirits, apparitions, forebodings, and other myBteriouB matters. You know, I suppose, my husband was a fatalist and died, declar ing that he was being transmigrated into a horse.' I was not aware of it. I was under the impression that my hostess was the wife of a military maD, not hiB widow. ' My ayah is a medium, and I often get her under control. She told me last night that a gentleman I had Dot seen for many years would call to-day ; she actually pointed you out in the album. I said it was impossible, but Bhe held it true, and made me prompt her bachsheesh if you came,' x lOOKeu eageiij Zt my liostes?, and specu lated as to whether she was in her right senses or not. The ayah was summoned, and entered salaaming. A conversation ensued between them, of which I could not understand a single word The servant then left, and the lady addressed me. ' 1 am going to ask you a strange thing. I would ask no one else to do it, for they would think I was mad. Will you come to ' the haunted tank' with me to-night. I dare not go alone, and oan aBk no one else to accompany me. You will Ree reaJ manifesta tions, and Bhe, my ayab, has promised to bring me a message from my husband about some property. I agreed to go, and rising, promised tc return at 7 o'clock, dine with my old friend, and then escort her to ' the haunted tank,'' wherever that was, When I got to the gharry I found the driver asleep on his box, the babu asleep in the gharry, and the saces asleep at the back, Tbe durwnan (or doorkeeper) of the house aroused the sleepers, and I returned to the hotel and found letters from England await ingme. That i^ht at 7 I was back at Park street, and by ^2 minutes past knew thai my friend had a capiw ^Kfe m(? Indian enipe are, and how rnuv^ be?te' al drinks taste in India to what they* av -r2 where else? It was cool weather, and I regretted I had not put on a thicker dress suit, and also brought a wrap with me, especially as we were ' evidently going out ghost-hunting. When dinner was over the clock - hands pointed to half-past 8. A few minutes after we were in a closed brougham going to ' the haunted tank.' 'What makes this plaoe haunted?' I en quired. 'Ill tell you. My late husband bought the property on which the tank is. He thought that it would be healthier for me, aud being a little out of Calcutta intended to improve the place with the money he saved by living there instead of right in town. When I came and saw the place by daylight I was de lighted with it : the flowers, trees, and house were like fairyland. We lived very happily here, but one day my husband was called away, and I was left alone. I had only been two monthB in India. I had no English maid, or any white man or woman, friend or foe. in the compound. I felt awfully lonely, and could find nothing to interest me. Music, reading, painting, and needlework— I tried all, bnt the time hung wearily, and by sundown I was thoroughly tired. I had dinner alone, and hardly tasted a thinfr. After dinner I went and sat in the verandah. and thought of the old days and old familiar faces. I don't know how long I- remained thinking, but suddenly I heard a splash, and felt a chill take posses sion of me. I jumped up and saw a strange figure rising out of the tank close to where I eat. 1 called for the ayah, but could get no answer. I ran irjdoors and rang the belL The little Hindustani I knew left me, and I remained1 speechless ringing the bell. Although we always kept a large number of servants I could rind none of them. I dreaded either going either to the right or left. My heart was thumping, and my breath waa hard to draw. I was a long distance from any Europeans, and the path down the compound I had heard had often been crossed by snakes. I resolved to run for it and take my chance. I had to pasBthe spot where I had been sit ting. I crept to the window, and juBt as I reached it, acd looked oat, the figure I had seen come out of the water turned round and glared at me. Without further thought I flew down the road and waa soon in the street. Hundred of natives were there in «ang8, eome playing on their tom-toms, others bickering over bargains/ while others were sniokinj' their hoockchas. Once in the street I was Burrounded by natives, A carriage coming along dispersed the crowd, and seeing it was not a gaudily painted one I thought it mnstcontain a white man. I ran and looked in, and the man inside shouted out to his driver tO StOp.; . -;*.; . ,:.i \- The next thing I remember was being at tended to by two English .ladies; :i~had- fainted,- and Dr. Jattenton had taken me to bis home. , -f .- , 'I Boon got round and told them of my unpleasant experience. The aervantBhacrafl .left me as soon, as dinner was over, I was very frightened all that night. ' Next morning early Dr. Jattenton drove me to the place my husband had bought. All the servants had returned and were doing their work in their naturally sleepy way.- My ayah threw up her hands and muttered some wards when she saw me which I heard meant something like 'Thank God she is all welL' The doctor called, all th& servants and threatened them all that they would be cut In their wages. H' My ayah he then instructed to pack all toy clothes and bring them to his bungalow, Ee then told the-raeo the* Uwy were oot to leave the. place untUitheir master returned 'I spent a few happy days at the doctor's, ? . uidjwben my husband- returned he was not a little vexed to find me away from home ; bat when he heard what had occurred he swore to be revenged on the-servants. -' ' Whether it wastke fright I got there, ot pot I do not pretend to say,, but I became ill, and had to be ordered home for a year. When I returned to Calcutta, as my husband knew he would be often away for a fetr days at a time, he resol ved to take a house in- Park- Btreet, and live there, and sell the other when opportunity offerei' ' The haunted tank property then does. , r, belong to you still V . . 'Yes, lam Bony to Bay it does, and it is. ?, just now that I ba- ve&n; opportunity °f BoUing. it. He paid fifteen thousand rupees for it :- seven years ago, and all I can get lor it now is seven thousand.' The carriage stopped at a gate which was opened by a Ofttive, .who made a very pro found talam. We drove up ..the road, and Btopped in front of along low bungalow. A few men were sitting huddled together. The - lady ordered them aboat, and one. of, them lighted the lamps in such a alow manner that ; 1 could scarcely refrain from kicking him. The ayah whom I had seen in the morning now Appeared,, her arms covered with bangles, ? - her ringers loaded with silver rings. The' room in which we were was a splendidly designed one, stone flooring, pic tures hung on the walls, bronzes and marbles were on the Bidcboard. There was an air of neRlect about the entire room, and the ser vants all looked disgustingly lazy. After taking a walk through the house we returned to the dining-room. The ayah was busy asking my friend some question about me in a most earnest manner. I always have been a good judge of cha racter, and after the ayah had oeased her gesticulations, I said, ' That woman is a rogue.' My friend was most indignant, and - declared she was no such thing. ' Well, where is the ghost r I asked. ' I'll show you where it was when I saw it rise.' We were in the verandah, and I noticed no servants were there. The car riage bad gone round to the back, and waa waiting for us ; all of a sudden the ayab, who had been gazing about in an owlish manner, raised a cry and uttered strange words, and ran away. Immediately afterwards a splash was heard, and I saw a head rise out of the water. The lady was holding my arm tightly, and I felt her heart beating hard against it. Slowly and slowly the figure rose ud, and cow 1 could observe a white muslin or capra was over the figure's shoulders. There were steps up which the figure slowly came. ''Let go my arm for a minute,' I whis pered. ' No, no,' said she, pressing it all the tighter. The figure had now reached nearly half way np the steps. I heard a noise behind me, and on looking round, to my Burpri8e saw the house in darkness ; all the lamps bad been put out, or gone out, I knew not which. The figure was now on the top step, and would have either to come my way or return to the water. There was enough light to Bee the figure, but as to what it was like it was impossible to arrive at any con clusion. I slipped my arm away from hen, rushed at the figure, and, putting out both hands, came in contact with something more substantial than ordinary ghosts. A hideous yell came from the black ghost, who lay on one of the steps. I went down the steps and kicked him to reassure myself onoe again that he was flesh and blood, though black, and for every kick I gave he gave a grunt. - My friend called for a lamp, and one from the carriage was brought Bhe had a eood look at the black ghost, and shortly after- ? wardB we returned to Park-street, where we had a nice little Bupper and a hearty laugh over the black ghoBt. i I called the following day and found my , friend's ayah had brought & message from, her \ ? late husband. The message was to sell the property on which was the so-called haunted tank. I laughed at thb, and onoe again hurt the feelings of my friend, ' I have every confidence in my ayah. I am sure she is a medium, for however could ahe know you would come and call on me the day before yesterday?' This was indeed a dark mystery, and one seemingly that would be difficult to clear up. Bat cleared np it was, and in rather a peculiar manner. The hotel servant I had as bearer had been in the habit of setting my things to rights, and had come across my book of addresses of friends. He had seen the name of my friend and her address in Park-street, and had taken it for granted that I would be sure to call **? some day. He was somehow -J^ £^ ^±o°8rB^d ofer^d tlowtaSJfiBS «M5^£?- -«reme viewi he told the £ ah my nar^ tod de8cribed my appearance to nert j£e ^^ anally stolen one of my unotographs and shown it to her. She had repoenised the face as being like one in her mistress's album and had taken a shot at it, and had been successful in making her mis tress believe she was a medium. Some months after I discovered why the tank was haunted. A native owned la»d on either Bide of my friend's property, and knowing she had been frightened onoe by a native who had been bathing in the tank, concluded that he would get the property fiom her at his own price. How many natives were to receive back eheesh from the znmeendar ((landowner) Bhould he get the land he coveted for R7.000 I neyei could find out. The ayah was to be made well off for life. The ghost was to get R10, and many others were to be remem bered. \- The znmeendar did eventually get the land, but not at bis figure. What had cost R15.000 seven yean before changed hands at £40,000. One fine November day at the Calcutta Cathedral a widow lady changed her name from ? to Martin. The coloured ghoat is often alluded to, and the ayah has Dean left to deal in spirits and mediumship alone. 