DEAD MAN'S ROCK. A RoAxAaE Br Q BOOK I. THE QUEST OF THE GRIEAT RUBY. CHAPTEIR IS (CoNrt?Rux ) CJoNTINS TlM SRCJND PART OP MY FATHER'S JOUURAL, SETTINIG FIRTI HIS ADVENTCRES IN TIHE ISLAND UP OYLON. .:? ? 'I altmost wept with wrath. I tore the turf in my frenzy, and felt as onse who would fain cures G d ant I dlie. But after a while my passion spont itself. I sat up and reflected that after all my first direction might have benu the right one; at any rate, I would try and explore it thoroughly. Toe instructions w:ra precise, and had been con. firmed in the mat.er of the tree Evidently the person that wrote them had been upon the Peak, and what, if they were lies, was to be gained by the cheat I pulled out the paratment again and read i through ; then started to my feet with freslt energy. I wse just leaving the little lawn and returniog down my path. when it atruck me that the bhuh on my left band was of carious shape. , It seemed a mere tinsled knot of creepers covered. withltte white blossom, and rose to about my a v height. Carelessly .1 thrat my stick into! t mass, when its pant jarreda pon--sone i Yes, stone In a moment my knife was out and I woe down on hands and knees rutting and tearing at the tendrils. dome if them were fall terse Inches thick, but I .lished and tug ge, with breath that came sed went immoderaltel f st, with bleedi,?g headsa and thumliug heart, until little by little the stone was bared and its outlines revealed themselves. But as they grew distlinct and I saw what Ihad uncovered, I fel back in terror. rhe etone was bonut five feet ten inches in height, and weas rouhly shsped to represent a humanheard and neck. Bt the fce it was that froze my heated blood in horror. Never until I die shll I forgot that hellish expreelion. It was the smoothli.shaven face of a man of about fifty years of age. roughly carved after the fashion of many of the ruins on this mountain. But whoever fachioned it, the artist muat have been a fiend. If ever malicoant bate was expressed in form, it stood before me. Ecen the blank pupils made the malevolence seem but the mrire undying. Fvary feature, every line, was horrible, every tuch of the chisel bad added a iresh grace of devillshapite It was simply Evil petrified. As this awful face, bared of the innocent creeper that for yearse bad shrouded its u?g. tees from the light of day, confrinted me, a feeling of such repulsion overcame me that for several minutes I could not touch it. The neck was loosely sit in a sort of socket fixed in the earth; tis was all the monster's pedestal. 1 saw that it barely needed a man's strength so send it toppling over. Yet for a moment I could summon up none, At length I pot my hands to it and with an effort sent it crashing over amid the broshwood. The trough in which this colossal head had rested was shout four feet in dep h, and narrowed towards the bottom. I putdowni my band and drew out-- human thkgh.bone, The tonc. of this would have turned me sio:k agan, had not the statue's face already sur feited me with horror. As It was, I was nerved for any asight. The pseion of my discovery was upon me, and I tossed the mooldering hosnes out to rigtt and left. 1o stay. There seemed a great many In the trough Surely this was tch third thigh. boue that I hell now in my hand. Yea, anrd below close to the bottoum of the troonh, ley two sulls side by ide. Thaere were two, tben, uned here. Th parchmenu had only spnken of one. But I had no time to cou ider about this. What I sought now was the secret, and a I took up the aecond skull I caught the gleam of metal underneath it. I put in my hand anrod drew oat a backle of T hie buockle is formed of two pieces, boned to either end of a thin belt of rotten linen, and united by hook and socket. Is whole dimensions are but i.m 2in.. but inside Itsa uriously eaved border It is entirely -overed with writing in rude Englib chin rter. The nmrrowieg funnel of the troughl had kept it from being crashed by the staisu, whish fitted into a rim ruoaning round the Interior. Beyond the buckle and the two skeletons them was nothing in the trough ; ut I looked for nothing else. Here, in myl hands, lay the seret of the Grest Ruby of Ceylon ; my fingers clutohed the wealth of priUce. My journey bed eded, and "the riches of the earth wreo to my grasp. ' Feugretfu of my guides, forgetful of the tight of time, mindful of nothing but the golden buckle, I sat down by the rim of the trough and began to" delpber the writing The Insriptio. as far as I could gather, ran right across the iclasp. It could he read asily snoouh, and contaned Maccurate direc tions for searching In some spotr but whore that spot woas it did not reveal., It might be loes to the statu ; and I was about to start up and make the attempt whea I thought again of the parchment. Palling it from my pokslet, I reaed : ' beneath this tone lies the .crer of the Great Ruoby land at not all, for the rest is grevas on tie Key which shall he already sntru-td to yoe. Theme precautions hove 1 taken that none may surprlee this Secret but its right poe-. sasor. , 'N ow my father's- rwill had expressly eujoined on pain of his dying cures that this key should not be moved from ito place until the Trenoweth who went to seek the treasunre should have returned and erossed the threshold of Lanteg. Qoesequetly the ruby was not buried on Adam's Peak, or to return for the key would have been so much labour wasted. Consequntl?, also, the golden buckle was valnelees to anybody but him who knew the rest of my father's injunotions. Althoush not yet In ms hand, the Great Ruby was mine. 1 was folding up the buckl with the parohment before rejoining the guldes, when a ceriots thing happned. 'The sun had climbed high into heaven whilst I wa absorbed in my search, and was now noidlng the lit.l lawn with light. In my excitement I had bard and seen nothing, e?s noted that the hat was grlowing an beatabls beneath the verticsl rays. But su I was flding up the parehmenta blek sheadow suddenly fell across be pesp. I gUted and ' Above we stood Simon Colliver. Be was standing in the broad light of the se'sed warehiag me lotently, with a crious smile which Irtew as our even. mt. row lug he hod bsen there I could not guese, but the etsrangenes of maeetinlg him on this spot, and the ncoupation in whihob I was srprts-d. discomposed me not a little. Hastily thruting back the buckle and the parrhmeot into my packet I scrambled to my feet mud stood facting him. Even as I did no, all Mr. Sanderson's warnings came uflashing into my -ind, 'For fUll a mianute we stood oonfrontiog each other without a word le was still te?tudilng in the felt blue of the sunlight, iLth the same odd smile upon his face, and s pculiar ibght in his dark ere that nevsr awereed for a moment. Finally he gave a low Ilagh and sodding lightly, orid '" Odd thing oar meeting like this, shi aend of Paes or some soum thin? rogut us mired up in it froth the way we run across 'I aented. '"Queer, too, pou'll allow, that we shutld both be struok with the fanoy for cending thi. mountain. Very few Europeano do ir, en i'm told. 'um on my way up, are youf Ni,? Coming down and takinr thiogs easily, to jedge by the way I found you W'aw the k.oteog?lldet.e Or had he, after all, no suupiclons ? ir voice was got and pleasant a swor, not conld I. detect a' trace of irony in ito tone. But I was on my guard. S"T "his Peak seemsetrewo with the handi work of the heathen, hecontiuned. 'olt realtiy you aresm to be in lurk's way. I cot gratulate you. Wbat's this? f kseltons, rh 1 Upon my word, Trenoweth, yon've sauarthedi a treasure. And this? A &state;? Well. It'a nusoeer panoe to come huating filr sttues, yonu've picked op an ugly-iookln:?. be ncar sn noocs i leno i'ng Ie be' sr 4VUced to the head, wbieh lay so in the rank terbage etartdg Up m oildeou5 a spit to heavent Presentl heO urned to me and said 'a "sd Well, this is ery remarkable. The re fellow who carved this seems to have bor. ts rowed my features-not very complimentary is of him, I must aay. Don't you seethe like rnels ? SIt was solemn truth. Fseasure by feature e that atrocious face was simply a reproduc. " tion of Colliver's. As I stred in amazement it seemed more and more marvellous that I is had not noticed the resemblance before. SIrue, each feature was distorted and e0Kg !erated to produce the utter malignity of its e expression. But the face was the face of Colliver. Nobody could have called him a d handsome man, but before this I had found o Colliver not unpleasant to look upon. Now the hate of the statue's face seemed to have reflected itself upon him I leant against a tree for support, and passed my hand across my brow as if to banish a fearful dream. Bus it was no dream, and when he turned to speak again I could aedarim beneath the assumed exprslu-d T sFhe manaUl the evil paselons and foul wickedness engraved upon the stone. "' Well," he remarked " atranaer things than this have happened, but not much. You seemeddistressed, Trenoweth. Sorely I, it any one, have the right toebo annoyed. But you let your antiquarian zeal carry you too for. It's hardly fair to dig these poor. remains from their sepulchre and leave them to bleach beneath this tropical sun, even in the interest of science." ' With this he knelt down and began to gather-very reverently, as I thought-the booes ino a heep, and replace them in their tomb. This done; he kicked up a lamp or two of turf from the little law, and pressed it down upo t them, humming to himself all the while. Finally he rose and turned again towards me " You'll excuse me, Trenoweth. It's sentimental, no doubt, bhut I have conceived a kind of respect for these remains. Sup pole, for example, this face was really a por trait of one of this tbried pair. Why, then the deces-ed was very like me. I forgive him for caricaturing my features now ; were he alive, it might bs different. But this place is sufficiently out of the way to prevent one resemblancs being rioted by many. 1fi the ways L'rgrRot o aas'how you chanced do this spot. For my pert. I thought that '1 hbeard W Csthinag' moving in the thicket, so I fblo wed the sound out of pure curiostty, and came upon you. Well, well ! it's a strasge world ; dnd t's a wonderful thought, too, that this may be the grave of some prim:eval ancestor of mine who roamed this peak for his daily food-an ancestor of some import ance, to,, In his day, to judge by the magli. ficence of his tomb. A po't might make something out of thil: to-day face to face with the day before yesterday. But that's the beauty of archaelogy. I did not know it was a pursuit of yours, and am glad to see you are esufficiently recovered of your illness to take it up aain. Good-bye for the present. I am obliged to be cautious in taking fare. well 9f you, for we have such a habit of meeting unexpectedly. So, as I have to be no and moving for the summit, I'll say SGood.bye for the present.' We may as well leave this image where it is ; the aead won't miss it, and it's handy by at any rate. Addio, Treonoweth, and the best of luck to your future researches. hear him 'B He was gone. I could hear him singing as be wensa strange song which he had often sung on the outward voyage Sing he. ! to edead m'an line, my lde;s ; laegs l I forthe dead msn's Nol. at hl* red, red lips. 'The song died away in the distance before I moved. I had hardly opened my lips during the interview, and now had much ado so believe it a reality But the newly.torfed rrave was voucher enough for this. A horror i of the place seized me ; I cast one shudder. ing look at the giant face and rushed from the spot, leaving the silent creepers to veil once more that awful likeness from the eyes of day. As I emerged upon the track again I came on Peter and Paul, who werre seeking me high and low, with dismay written upon their I faees. Excusing my absence as best I could, I declared myself seedy, in spite of my ankt-, to make all haste in the descent. Of our i journey down the Peak I need seart little, I except tbh% lame as I was, I surprised and exhausted my guides In my horry. Of the I dangers and difficulties which had ember. rsesed our ascent I seemed to feel nothing Except in the ea.ol of the forest, the beat was almost insufferable ; but I would hear of no delay until we reached Ratnapoora. Hers, mates' of returning as we hba come, we took a boatdowo the Katl.gangs river to Cattura, and thenee travelled along the coast by Pn. I urae to Colombo. IThe object of my journey is now aeoom puished ; and it only remains to hasten home I with all speed. But I am feeling strangely unwell as I write this. My head has never fully secovrerd that blow at Bombay, and I 1 think the bhours durlg which I remlned ex- I posed to tbe sun's rays, by the side of that I awful image m?st have affected It. Or s perbaps the fatigue of the journey has worn me out. If I Iam going tl sicken I must hids I my secret. It woun be safer to bury It withb she Journal, at any rate for the time, some. where in the garden here. I have a tin box that will jut answer the purpose. My head is giving me agony. I can write no more.' CHAPTER X. O TfAIN5 THr THIRD AND iLAST PART OF MY FATIsag' JOURNAL srrcING PORTH THEB MUTINY ON BOIRD THl BELLFo oaTuNg. 'Jone 19-Strange that wherever I am hospitably entertained I recompense my host by falling s11 in his house. Binge my last entry in this journal I have been living as the gate of death, smitten. down with a sore aickaees. It seems that the long exposure and weariness of my j,urney to the Peak threw me into a fever ; out of this I should soon have recovered, were it not for my head, which I fear will never be wholly right again, That towardly blow upon Malabar llt bhas made a sad wreck of me; twice, when I seemed in a fair way to recovery, has my mind entirely given way. Mr. Everele'gh Indeed assures me that my life has more than once been despaired of-and then what would have become of poor Margery 1 hope Iam thankful to God for so mercifully sparing my poor life, the more so because conscious how unworthy I am to appear before Him. ' I trust I did not betray my secret in my wanderings. Mr. Evereleigh tells me I talked she strangest staff at times-about rubies and seklesns, and a certaino dreadful fice from which I was struggling toescape. But the secerit of my Journal and the golden clasp, which I recovered to:day, somewbat reassured me. I am allowed to walk in the garden for a short space every day, but not until to-day have I found strength to dig for my board. luan hardly describe my emotioos on finding is safe and sound. 'Poor Margery I How anxious she must be getting at my sllence. I will write her to be writing, but I cannot forbear making an entry in my reeor?rld journal, if only to record my tlanhfoinds so Heaven for my great deliverance. SJane 22,I hare written to Magar, but toro the letter up on second thoughts, as I nad betterweit until I hear nelu of a vessel in which I can safely travel homa Mr. verele? b, ho is rery kinddto me, thoniuh nooso hearty as Mr. BaderSOn, ..wilt not hearuof my earting in my pceea? condition. I wonder In what palt of theworld 0ollirer Is trayllil nIow. , 'Jly 1.-')h, this wer waiting !' Shall I neyer me the shores el England again? The doctor lays that I only make mysell worse by frtatinga hot It is hero to iingr o -when at my jourusy's enO lies wealth almost beyold the Imaginationu and, wbat Is far more to me, the sightof my dear ones. 'July 4 -In answer to my entreaties, Mr. Eversleigh he consented to make ilquiries abootthe homewacd-Oound vessels startion from Cdoombo. The result Ie that he has a once allaredmylmpatienoce, and compassed his end of keeping me a little lomger, by sIaelttngno--u con~ distos that I approve his chain-an ~east aeIntaoman doe to sati In sbout a fortntih's time. The name of the sbhipois the Belle Forcone, aed of thecaJtal., Crrus Hodlud. In sptrle of tbe name thy ship Is English, and ls a barqe of aboat 600 tone cegister. He carg mo onsits of sugar and coffees, ahd hr crew numberi om r'elghtee hands; To-morrow I am going down with M. Everslelgh to insporthee bytlam prepa?td beferehand tofrnd beg !o myliklli. .Tneonly pi'ts that the dobs not 'July 6. -Wek am even lestesrdal, -hort eacurson exhansled me, so that I felt. unable to write a word last nhlht. I have been over the Belle Fortune, and am more then pleaed, especially with hrr captein. whosoehonset face took my fancy itonce, I have a most comfortable cabin next to his set apart for me at little cost, since it had been fitted up for a lady on the outward voyage s ao that I shall III have a little money in pocket on my return, as my living, bothhere and at Bombay, has cosl nothio?g and the doutor's billt have not exbhasted Ply s:ore. I wrote agadn toMargery to'dey, s mlakiog as light of ny illness mas I could, and Ssaying nuothing of the besines on Matabhr Hill. That will beea be told her when she ha-. Sme home again, and can hold my hand feeling that Iam sestre. 'July 8 -l have been down again to-day tosee the Belle Fortune. I forgot to say she belonged to Messrs. Vincent and Herxt. o Bristol, and is bound for that port. Theonly other passeogers are a Dr. Coucanen and his wife, who are cquaeintances of Mr. Everac leigh. Dr. Concanen is a physician with a goof practice in Colombo, or was, as his wife's delicate health has forced him tolthrow up his employment here and return to England. Mr. Evureleigh 'introduced me to them this inornign on the Belle Fortune. Thehusbanl is almost as tall as my host, and looks a man of great strength. Mrs. Concanen is frail and worn, but very lovely. Today she seemed so ill that I offered to give up my cabin, which is really much more com foitable than theirs. But she would not hear of it, insisting that I war by far the greeter invalid, and that a sailing vessel would q'ickly set her right egain, especially a vessel bound for England. Altogether they promise to be must pleasant companions. I trgut to Cay that hMrs. Golanes is taking a native maid home to act as her nurse. 'July 11.-We start in a week's time. 1 hbale long talk with OCptain Blolding to. day; he hopes to make a fairly quick passrage, but says that he is short of hands. I have not seen the Concanens since. July 1G.-We soil to-morrow afternoon. I hnve been down to make my final trrange mnete, and find my eabi much to my liking. Captain Holding is still short of hands. 'July 17, 7.3D p.m.-?e cast off our warps shortly alfter 4 o'clock, and. were quickly running homeward at about seven knots an hour. The Condvnene stood on deck with me watching Celuon crows dim on the horizon. As the proud coseof Adams' Peak faded softly at sloelwly ioto the evening's mist. nad so vanished, as I hope, for ever ot of my life, I oould not forbear returning thanks to Providence, which has thus far watched over me so wooderfuUy. There is a fair areeze, end the haidy, though short, do their work well to all appearance. There were only fifteen yes'erday. three having b-en missed for about a week befoer wr sailed, abu I have not yet b'eip. Captain folling to ask him if'rhe mrs up hie I number of hando at the laot moment.' Mr. I Coocauen has invited me to thesl cabin to ' July 18.-I am more disturbed than Icare to own by a vdry curious discovery which I made-this morning. As I issued on deck I sew-a mn standina by the forecastle, whose bhck noemed familiar to me. Prestetly he turned, and I saw him to be Simon Colller, He has most strangelyaltered his appearance, being dressed now as a ommon sailor, ad I wearind eiigs in his ears, as the custom is. CetchinX sight of me he came forward with a I pleasant smile nd explained himself. ' "It is no manner of use, Treeoweth ; we're-fated to met. -You did not Sxec to see me here in this getup; butt learnt last night that you were on board. Youlook as though you hadeen a ghost. Don't stare e, man-I should lay ' sir' now, I suppose--it only snotter of fortune's rubs, I fell ill I after that journey to the Peak, and although Railton nursed me like a women-he's a I good fellow, and not as 'rough as you wold expect--I woke up out of my fever to find all the money. gone. I'm a fellow of resource, Trenoweth, so I hit on the idea of working my peasage home ; by good luck I fond the Belie Fortune was shortof hands, offerel my services, was accepted-having been to sea before, you know-sold my old clothes for this cntum-muet dress when one is acting a part-and here I am." "Is Iteilon with you?' I asked. "Oh, yes ; similarly attired. I did not se youen yesterday, being busy wih the cargo, so that it's al the more pleasant to meet here. Biet work is the. order of the day now. Ycu'll give me a good character to the captain, wont youan Good-bye for the present." I cannot tell how much this meeting has depressed me. Certainly I have no reason t for disbelieving the man's story, but the frequency and strangeness of our meetiugs make it hard to believe them altogether accidental. I saw ReLiton in the afternoon; he is gre tly altered for the worse, and, I should think, bad been orinkiog heavily before he shipped ; bhot the captain was evidsntle too short of hands to be particular. I think I will ive the Concanens my tin box t to bide i, their cebin. Of c orse. I can truel them, and this will bally, theft ; the clasp I ri will wear ab mt me. Tote is a happy idea. r I will gon totheircabln and ask them. Ills half-past 9 p m., and the wind still fair,' I II believe. July 20--We have so far kept up an I average sopeed of seven. knots and a half an hoaur, and CIptaln Holding thinks we shall even make better sailing when the hands are b ino?e accustomed to their work. I spend my time mostly with the . Ccautnena, -. who f readily, by the way, undertook the carn of I my tin box, and find them the most areele bl of fellow-travellers. Mrs. Cocanoa -has a very sweet voice, and her husband has e learnt to accompany it on thebs uitar, so that altogether we spend - very pleasant evenings. - (To 1is COirNfUsf.) 