STORY Olf A MYSTKBY. BY 1\ 18. SOTJTHEE. Author of " Weatherbound," and " The Hinohbroofc Tragedy," ,: ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. I IN the eastern part of the picturesque acunty of J Kent, and on the right bank of the lesser branch of ! the River Stour, stands the village of Woodbourne, and about two miles from it with its grounds Btoping 1 down to the margin of the stream; is an old Elisabeth - lan mansion called Fassely Hall. This, with the manor (which surrounds it, formed what was known aa the Fenton property, and at the time that my story opens was oooupied by Hermione, Lady Fenton, reliot of the late General Sir Outhbert Fonton, Bart,, K.C.B. Lady Fenton oame of a very old family, being the only daughter of Sari Fazely, a deoeased Peer, whoso title had become extinct at his death, Indeed, both herself and her husband had been only ohildren, and there being no issue of their marriage, the title and estate of tho late General had passed to a distant relative, Though a most humane and charitable person, Lady Fen ton was somewhat ecoentric, and for some years had lived a life of the greatest seclusion. Many were the reasons given for this. Some said she had never recovered from her husband's sudden death ; while others were of opinion Bhe was disappointed at having no son to Inherit her father and husband's title, and, lastly, that Bhe was afflicted with a strange and Incur ftblo disease. In her youth, Lady Fenton had been very beautiful j but, being tall, age had produced gnuntnoss, and disease had given hor a pallor wlileh was rendered more aonsplcuous by two hectic spots, one on eaah oheek, which the aensorlous w ild whs due to pnlut, but whioh her maid doolared to bo natural. Perhaps tho pride of ancestry and the feeling of hereditary consequence woro never more powerful thau iu the hoart of this soaluded woman, whoso existence was scarcoly remomborod beyond the proalnets of hor own domain, and whoso views, aaros,and interests had | long boon oiraumHorlbod within Us narrow limits, ||| Barring this human failing and tho unsocial votiroil ,ti noss of hor gottoral habits, whioh had grown on hor ij jmproooptlbly, and whioh had boon holghtonod by in i dulgonoo into a morbid fooling, Lady Fonton was kind, II good, and pious, beloved in hor honsohold and among j hor tenantry, and novor named but raipoatfully, when < namod at alt, oven by the neighbouring gentry with whom aho had long uonsod to koop up any visiting in toroourHo, boyond tho raro ooourronoo of a morning call, Tlioro woro many objjots ofilntoroHt In Fav.oly Hall, but it was suldom or novor shown to fitrangora, We, however, aro privilngod, and thorol'orn anlc tho rondor to follow our footstep# Into tho groat gallery, whoro tho paiutod ofttgloH of many l''anolys, and worthies lineally and <. »1 latorulIy alllotl to thorn, woro arranged in ohronologloal order, Stopping over tho thro.Hhold, wo suddenly find our solvom transported out of those Mtnpld common-place tlimi* into tho old world of romance and chivalry, whioh looksmj pinturesquo tlirongh tlie mallow luuo of antiquity, H was a long ohaiubor.wltli an arohod roof, terminating at tho further ond iu a wide and hoaiitifiij bay window, looking out on to a long stretch of pun toral sueiiory, Tho walls woro panelled with boiih) llght-o iloiirod wood, bountifully polls! od and wrought out In elaborate oarvod-worlc In tho oornlooa and tho iumildiu^n round tho oompartnumts, Tho vaulted null ,mV ^,ul andaurroitndod ' which onoloaod tho whole. Mantel-pieces, brackets, screens, chairs, tables, I and everything in this interesting ohnmber was in keeping, and it was hung round with portraits, some of which were rare and curious speolmena of art. With regard to one of these, that of:a beautiful girl of seventeen, the ancient cicerone, whose duty it was to show the house, had a strange story to tell, with a and and tragic end. , " That," she observed, " it the portrait of Lady Grace. She was born in 1696, and when she was eighteen ahe was engaged to be married td Lord Charles Bute, who died suddenly of heart disease in 1714. After hia death Lady Grace seemed to pine and fade away, and »he died tho following year, and wa« burled In the family vault. Six years afterwards the earl died, and when the vault was opened, it was discovered that Lndy Greco's coffin had fallen from its niohe, nnd had been partially shattered ; nnd from this faot, and other unmistakable evidenoe, it appeared ^certain that the poor young lady must have been BTJJIIED AHVE," ! "It has been observed," she,went on to say, " that the corpse had shown no signs of corruption, and that two heotio spots which had been her oharaoteristlo in life, and which had not faded during her Illness, re mained after death," And now to my story. It was a'beautiful Ootobor afternoon ns Abel Saun ders, the medioal practitioner of the neighbourhood, rode slowly down the hill loading to tho,village of Woodbourne, and stopping in front of his own house, dismounted, gave the horse to the groom, and entered. Mr. Saunders, or " The Doctor," ns the villagers dubbed him, had been onlled before daybreak to attend a lady who had chosen that Inconvenient time for the advent of her first-born, and since that had j ridden some twonty-slx or twenty-seven miles, and had I listened to tho complaints and< prescribed for the maladies of more than a dozen patients, and had now returned home, tired and hungry, to enjoy, as ho imaglnod, a comfortable dinner, and spend a cosy evening with his wife and family j but, before he had proaooded far, the sound of,' horses' feet were heard approaahing rapidly, and in another instaut a groom Todo up to the door and stoppod. " What Is it now, Maria ?" asked the surgeon impatiently ;of a servant, who at this moment entored tho room. " If you please, sir, its Johnson, from the Hall« Lady Fenton'a tookjill, and you'r to go dlreotly," "Another fit, I suppose," muttered tho surgeon, dropping his knife and fork and hastening to tho door, M What's tho matter, Johnson ? " ho naked, when ho ronohod tho stops, " Her ladyship's very bad, sir," answorod tho groom, touahlng his hat. " It ain't one of hor usual fits, anc] Mrs. 'I'owson is frightened. " I'll put on my hat and go dirootly, Johnson," said the Htirgoon j " but you must let mo hnvo your horao, mine Is quite knocked up, anil tlmo may bo of con aecjuenue. Tho man alighted at onoo, and Mr. Snundors mounted tho horuo and rode off, Ho took a uhort out by a lane and u bridle-path .through a wood, which elclrtact tho park, nnd soon roaahed tho mansion. Throwing tho ruins to a uurvnnt, ho dismounted, and entering the hnll wnn mot by tho hou»oUaopt<r, Mm. Townon, a tall, thin, groy«lmlrod woman, with a Hutur nlmionut ofoountonnnoo ; bub upon which wore now no signs of deep amotion and t mo on of roount tonrs, Shu bowed in sllonoo, and motioning him to follow hor, led tho wivy tip the wldo oak Mtalrtmno, On Mm landing thoy wore mot by Lady Kenton'* maid, and tho two led tho way to tho olmmbor of the idoli liuly, ' Tho room was largo and luxuriantly furnished, and tho soft oarpot, with wliloh the floor WHO oovorod, provontod their footsteps being lumrd, and Liuly l.i'nntrm started at tho lound of tho surgoon's vuloe, »SIui oponod hur oyos and giuud vacmntly 011 him, hor lip* parted an though slio would li'ivu *p< j let* 11, hut no hoiiiuI Usurd from thorn, Tho mirgoon took up hor long, thin hand and folt hor pulse, and thou taking the IIIKIII and Mm, Townon Into tho roooss of a lingo window, put a iiuuihor of qiiostloiui to thorn, As tho oon vtirsatlon pi'o^roMsud, It was oVIdent I'roin Mm olond thai (,;athoj'od on Mr, Bnundorn' brow that ho dnouiod tho OMIICI a orltloal omi, so critical *hak shortly affcorwimla n groom Wfts daa patched to the neighbouring city for Dr. Chisholm, a local physician of considerable celebrity, and another to his own house for some drugs. In about a couple of hours the physician arrived and after a long consultation in the library, the two wont up to the sick chamber and examined the patient. The long hours passed silently on ; both the physician and Mr. Saunders remained in attendance on their patient, and all the means suggsatol by thorn were assiduously oarried out by the servants 5 but oaoh time anyone left the room the report they brought with them was leas favourable. Every one at the Hall seemed dazed and half paralysed at the new and terrible phase of Lady Fenton'a disorder, and no one seemed inclined to go to bed. All night long the servants flitted about the house, ailent and ghost-like, or else congregated in the kitchen and servant's hall, speaking in whispers, Daylight came at lost, but Lady Fenton still lay silent and motionless, and except for the rise arid fall of hor chest there seemed no life in har. So it went on till about half-past twelve,and then the physician's carriage passed through the village and the 1>eU of Woodbourne Ohurch announced that Hormione, Lady Fenton, was dead. The day following, Benjamin Oomerford, the sexton of the parish, was sent for to the Hall to take in-, struotions for the interment of the deceased lady, When he returned he seemed rather in a state of bewildormont, " What's the matter, man ?.' asked his wife, " You look as if you'd seen a ghost ,1" " No, I ain't seen a ghost, but what do you think, mother? They ain't going to bury hor till Tuesday fortnight." "Ab," grunted Mrs, Oomerford, " that's hor whim, She was always talking about that story o£ Lady Grace, and she's afraid of bein^ buried alive," " Shouldn't wonder," replied the sexton | " but that's not nil. What do you think ? She's not to be burled in the Fassoly vault} she's going to have one built lor herself." " Not going to bo buried in the Frtssely vault I" ox« claimed Mrs. Oomerford, "Not by the side of hor huaband and father and mother 1 I never hoard of auoh a thing." " No, she's not to bo put underground nb nil." " Well, I've heard of quoor things in my tlmo, hut this oaps all. What's goln* to bo done with hor ?" " They're n-goln1 to build a mausoleum*-a sorb of .dead houao,' that's what lawyer Burrows tolls rao. But that's nob all. Ho says I'm to go up to tho Hall to hoav the will road?" " NoWi Bon," said Mrs, Ooraorford, " it's no uso try ing to orara mo with auoh lion, What, should thoy want with you up at tho Hall to hoar tho will road /" i' How should 'I knoWi Nanoy 7" orlod tho sexton, '.That's just Ilka you j you novor bollovo anything, Howovor, it ain't o' no aonsoquonoo what you bollovo | but you'll HOG whon tho tlmo oomos," " Juab no, Bon," roplled Mrw, Gimorfoi'd, "noolng Is believing." During tho tlmo whtoh olapsod hotwoon thoclonth and Intorniont of Lady Funton, tliero wft« a good doftl of oxoUomont In Woodbonrno, Ono might almost oay tlia^ a aommibtoc of tho InhabltantH sat pormauunily at tho Fa/.oly Arms toonqulro Into tho faots oonnootod with tho lamented lady'H duath, and to oommant on tho prognms of tho building whkih was lining propurod tov thu roooptlou of hor body. II. was not, of so ornumontal a oharaotov nn pooplo Imagined It would bo, ft was a bi'lok building) twolvo fout H(|uai'o, wll h a ground'glass window on ohoIi fililoi and mi ontrmioo at, uitluir mid. In tho door# WOl'O opimlngH, l,o admit air, Htrongly DOOM rod by Iron bni'ifi Ttio wholo wan nurmouii tud by a oupola, with a boll in It. Tiiln, uh It proouodod towards ouinploUon, oxoltod iiiuoh uomimtnt | but whon tho onrpnutor who wn* making thu oolUu nxplalnnd that It waH lo IwiVO u gliW lid, and It was furbhm1 uiidornl. iod tint thu body WW nol, lo ho olothml In tho ordinary uruvo olotliM, but wiim to tto plauud In It with all tho hablllutontii w i o ' iilui had worn In llfu, and thai a hainmor wus to >0 plaotvl hi Mitt rl|(ht hand of tho ourpNti, tlio morifc of fchli vilUtfiii'H butiwiuu UhbuUBClOlli Time went on. The mausoleum waa completed, and tjjg Jay for the funeral arrived. The whole of the villagers turned out to aee the ^procession, which WAS in every way becoming the station of the deceased lady. After the ceremony was over, and the body had been deposited in its resting place, those who had been in vited, and some who hal not, among whom was Sir Rlohard Fonton and some other distant relations, aa aembled in the library at the Hall to hoar the will read. Sir Richard assumed an air of great importance. He stoat, pufly., pompous aoi t of man, aud was evi dently under the impression that he should be men tioned in the will for a large legacy, if he did not come in for the bulk of the property. The rector of Woodbourne, the Rev. Silas Delmar, Mr. Saunders, the surgeon, together with Sir CHlbert Brydges, an old and valued friend of the deceased, and lastly, Benjamin Oomerford, were among the invited. The latter was dressed in a long-tailed black dress coat and plush knee breeches of the same sombre hue. He sat upon the edga-.of his ahalr, very red aud excited, and, if the ,lru.tta^miiBt..b0 told, wishing himself any where but. ii the library at Faaely Hall, with every body staring at him. Mrs. Tewson and all the servants were there, solemn and respectful ; each ovldently curious and anxious, There was a painful silenae hs the lawyer took from his bag a large and pretentious document, He un folded the parchment and smoothed It out, and, look ing round tho room, gave a premonitory " Hem I" Sir Richard leaned back In his ahalr, put his thumbs In the armholos of his waistcoat, crossed his legs, aad looked important. Mrs, Tewson pured her lips and re-adjusted her dresa ) while Sir Gilbert, the Rector an3 Mr, Saunders, smiled and exchanged significant glances, ^' . " It'will not'ba necessary," said Mr. Burrows," to road the will In detail j X shall therefore summarise It as follows." ' . " After tho usual preliminary recital, it goos on to »ay !-" X give and bequeath to all my servants,-with tho exception of Mrs. Tewaon, my housekeeper, the sum of two hundred pounds each,'and hero the aevoral legatees are Individually nnmed, 'To ouch of ray doar husband's distant relations X bequeath tho sum ot twenty.llvo pounds each, freo of duty, to purchase ring* to bo worn in my memory,' " At tho montlon of tho word " rotations," Sir Rlohni'd prlokod up his oars j but when the sum of twenty-five pounds was namod, he seomed antUllod that this ooukl not apply to him j his turn would aomo, ho thought. IIo ooukl not bo numbered In that category | there would bo a spuolal bequost, Ho was hor husband's noxt of kin, and probwbably ho would bo residuary logutooi "After tho payraout o£ tho bofoi'Q-moullouud logtw oloi, and nil tny just debts aud funeral expounds," the lawyer oontlnuocl ; " I glvo aud boquoath the vvholo of tho roslduo ? "Now It's coming," thought Sir Rlohard, aud ho glanced oomplauoutly round tho room and aougHud. Mr, Burrows, disregarding thla Interruption) wont on I " I glvo aud buquuath tho wliolo of my property, rani iwul perHonnl, to Sir ?" Sir lllohnrd again ooughud loudly, " itonlly, Hlr," orlud thu liisvyor, " this Is most ltn« loomly, [ must beg of you not to lutorrupt mo again." "1 bug your pardon, go on I" orlud Sir Xllohnril, ox« oltuilly, "X give and boquunlh," tlio lnwyor roHiinioil, "tho whole of tho 1'onlduo of my property, roul aud personal, y'r Ollburt llrydgui, burouut, Silas Doliunr, M.Ai, ?lie lluotor of VVoodbouruu, Abol Maundera, surgeon, Francos Tuwuon, my hoiiHulcuupur, ami Benjamin Ooiuorford, Hoxtou, In trust, to be severally applied ns ilcsurlboil In my luttim of" Instruction, which I hivvo tfopoultud with my attorney, Mr. LUibort Hurrowa," When the lawyer had road thus far lio folded up thu Will and bowod, " It Is absurd," oxolalmod Hlr llloliHrd | " ft luoro *Wleuloun will watt ntivur signed, and I uhall dispute It," "The poor doar must have boon doiuoutod I" orlud oiio of tho dlHuppolutod ruliUloiijt; "X lmvo oomu /ill Mio way from Yorkshire, mid nil I win to got iu u paltry ring," " lou came of your own accord, all of yon," replied the lawyer. " None of you were invited," not even Sir Ricbard." " No, sir," flamed oat the baronet, «' You thought to get this pieciou3 business through without my knowing anything about it. But you have reckoned without your host. I ahall dispute the will." " I hope you will, Sir Richard," replied the lawyer. .' I understand you are a rich man ; if you were not I should not care about it j as it is, if you dispute the will I shall have to take a good swinging bill of costs from you- put the law in motion as soon as yon like, I'll defend the will, and indemnify the trustees against all loss," " I'm not to be frightened, sir," snarled Sir Richard, " I care nothing for your threats." " Pardon me, Sir Richard 1" said the Rector, calmly, " but you seem to be laboringiunder a delusion. It is you who are threatening, and not Mr. Burrows." " I'm under a delusion, am I ?" burst forth Sir Richard. " Well I That's good I But never mind, Air. Parson, I don't blame you. If Lady ITenton was a mad woman you could not help it." " Enough 1 onough 1" cried Sir Gilbert, rising. I cannot stand by and hear my dear old friend traduced in this way. Mr. Burrowa, we are at your service. Mis. Tewson and Mr. Comerford will follow." And, bowing grandly to Sir Richard and the disappointed relations, Sir Gilbert, followed by the lawyer and the rest of his trustees, left the room, Sir Richard Fenton stood lor some minutes Irresolute, and then turned after them, and wns about to enter the room " No admittance hero, Sir," said the lawyer's clerk blandly, who, with the butler, wns guarding the door. " Pooh I" orled the baronet. Don't you know me j I'm Sir Richard Fenton ?" "Yes, sirj I'm perleotly aware who you aro, but no one is to be admitted but the trustees," " How, follow I What do you moan ?" 111 mean that nobody's to be admitted but thoso who take part in the trust," reiterated the clerk. j 11 But are we not to know what's to done with all that largo property ?" askod Sir Rlohard, "No, the trust Is a soorofc one." For aowo time Sir Richard fretted and fumed, and stamped and aworo ; but at last, finding it was all of no avail, ordered his carriage, and took his departure. Shortly after this the aonferonoo of the trustees broko up, and Bonjamlu Oomor/ord* took hla way homewards, his eountonanoo betraying considerable oxoltomont and porploxlty, " Hero, mother I" be oxalalmod, as soon at ho ontorud the cottage, " What do you think?" I'm a trustee I" "Trustee I What's that?" asked Mrs, Ooniorford, oontoraptously, " Well, hanged U I know } all I know Is that botwoen ui wo'vo got-all Lady Fonton's money."! "Tho.a you go again, Hon. Clot alt Lady Fenton's money, What a hoap o' Uos you do toll I" orlod Mrs. Ooniorford, "It ain't no llos-look Uoro I" and hopullodouta handful of gold, and throw It Into hor lap, "Ono, two, thrao, HIX, olght, ton," aouutod Mrs, Oomorfovd, " Why, hero's ton pounds I" " That's right, " Thorn's no llos, U thoy ?" "No, but Bon, It's all honest, Isn't It?" » All right, Nunoy I I got It from lawyer Burrows, That's my lU'sfc month's pay," "And what have you got to do for it?" aha askod, .< Wolli that's a soorot," ropllod tho soxton, Tho oxoltomont In Woodbourno did not ond with tho funoral of Ludy Ifouton, The quidnuncs woro greatly oxorolsod M to tho uaturo of tho soorofc trust, ami for tho rausou of JJoujaraln O-imorford bolng as Moolutod with tho vloar iwul tho surgeon urnl Blr Clitbort Urydgos In tho arrangements whloh woro to bo oarrlutl out, Thou It bogan to bo whispered abroad tlmfc strango nolsos mid sights had boon hoard and nooiuvti midnight In tho oliuroliyard, «ntl Mrs, Wittklns, tho wlfu of tho vlllugu oobblur, who llvod hard by tho ohiu'uh, nllh'iiiod that mIiu hutl awultonud ono lij^it about midnight, ami hiul iiiou I.ady Foutou'u mauso luum. bi'llHtuiMy Hyhtud up. This nrouae the cariosity of the villagers, and tbo next night a party placed themselves in a convenient position to watch for a confirmation of this stranger's atory, The report they gave the next morning was that shortly before twelve o'clock they saw Benjamin Comerford approach with a bag in his hand, that he entered the mausoleum, and immediately the place was lighted up. It remained so for about ten minutes or a quarter of an hour, then the light wa9 extin guished, and the sexton went home. For several days after this Benjamin Comerford was pestered on all sides with questions ns to the reasons of these nocturnal visits to the mausoleum but his answers wore very short and unsatisfactory. Several of the busybodies of the neighborhood took to way-laying him and accompanying him to the church yard, but as they were never admitted to the mauso leum, and could get nothing from him as to what was the nature of his errand, they eventually ltf t him to perform his task alone. Now, though the trust was a secret one, and though the sexton did not deem it neoeisnry to enlighten the gossips of Woodbourne as to the nature of his business at the mausoleum, I aee no reason why I should indulge in the same reticenoe with the reader. From the nature of the Instructions left by Lady Fenton, it appeared that, in oonsequence of the very strong likeness between herself and the portrait of Lady Grace, and the fact .that it was a tradition In the family that the two heotio spots which she pos sessed in oommon with her beautiful but unfortunate Ancestress, was indicative of a oataleptic tendency, she had a strange presentiment that she should bo buried alive. To guard against the possibility of her being subjected to the same dreadful fate as Lady Grace, Lady Fenton had ordered that tho lid of the coffin should be glazed and that n hamper should bo placed in her hand, so that should consciousness sud denly return she would be able to break the glass and esoapo from tho cofQu. She furthor desired that the mausoleum should be visited twice each day, at noon and mid- night. That a ohalr and table should bo plaaed In it, and upon tho table was to be set a certain amount of food nnd drink which was to bo renewed daily. Two oandloi were also to bo plaood there together with a tlndor box and mntohts, Kaoh day at midnight tho sexton was to light the caudles iu order to insure their being in good order. It was also decided that Mrs, Tewson was to con tinue at tho Hall, to rotnln all tho old sorvnnts, and that all tho arrangomonta wore to be continued In tho sarno way as If alio wore alive, nnd that hor bed should bo kopt aired and roady for tut) at any moinont, This state of things was to oontlnuo for twolvo months or for auoh time as hor body oonttnuod to show no signs of doowy. Tho lnooroo arising from the citato, with the oxooptlon of tho cost of the ostaHlshmont tho sexton'a atipoud, and flvo hundred pounds onoh to tho other trustooe, wai to bo nllowod to noouraulnto, At tho ond of tho Arab porlocl, no matter how long or short It might bo, n suoaud lottur of instruction# was to bo opouod and tho ostnto dually distributed an therein dosortbodi Bonjivmlu Ootuorford had scrupulously por/orraod Ills taalc for moro thau a wook, whoa one night, after ho had returned from his midnight visit, nud was about undress nnd rotlro to hla bod, hu looked out of tho window la tho direction of tho uhuruliyard, nnd there to hlH astonishment, hu saw n light In tho mauaoluum, " Could it bo poaalblo that ho had nuglootud to pub ou*. tho oandlua?" hu attka hlmaolf, No, ho remumburod illatlnotly that ho bluw thorn both out. What thau aouUl thl* Ugh monu ; hu must go nnd noo I Willi hurried atupa nnd a bunting heart tho soxton pushud forward, Not n sound imvo tho moivulug of thu wind among thu trooH bruko rho still nosa of thu night, whloh wan oold nnd clivrk, As hu ndvnnoud hu thought thu light gruw brighter na il atrenmud out from tho bnrrud wlmlowa of the door, As hu nppronohud tho uhuruhyard hu fiiuolod hu aaw a dark I'onu IHSMU from thu tomb iuuI (lit along tliu pathway. Ho waa n lnnvu man, for oven now thoro waa no fear In hlit Ivonrt, but uuvortliolosa thu porsplm. tlon iirlultig from uxoltumoiit rattier than terror »tood In largo dropu upon his brosv. 15hl l>o really sue sonio« thing moving, nnd was that a 1'alut ory that struck his .jiu'i <_»»' whs nil thla it ohlinorn of tho brain I No, as ins as the dark form wns concerned, there it was again moving across ttie ohurchyard. For a moment it paused, and then the light disappeared.^ In total dark neap, for he had not waited tore-light his lantern, the sexton continued to advance, and at length reached the entranae to the tomb. The door was opened, and entering, he proceeded to feel about tor the tinder box. Having found this he struok a light and lighted the candle. When he had done this the sight that met his view filled him with amaze ment. The cofHn was o\ erturned, the corpse was gone, and the glass lid was shivered to atoms. " Good gracious, what can all this mean ?" he ex claimed as he gazed around him. BeDjamin Oomerford was a man of aotion, and in an instant he had decided what to do. He must see Mr, Saunders and the reator at once. So he proceeded across the churchyard in the direction of the surgeon's house. To reach this he had to pass through a lone, with high banks and overshadowed with tree*. It was dark, and as he strode along he thought he could hear the sound of footsteps coming in an opposite direction, Suddenly he was alarmed by a ory and shriek, and the person from whom it came was flying before him at the top of his speed, scream ing all the while and calling out " Murder" and 44 Help." With the ories and &h.ijks; [receding him, O-merford sped on till he reached the village green, where he found Watkins, the aobbler, in the hands of Mr. Saunders, the rector, and the landlord of the Fuzely Arms, whom all, alarmed by the shrieks nnd ories of the cobbler, had come out to his assistance. 44 What's the mntter ?" asked the sexton, seizing the other by the arm roughly, 44 Oh I oh I" roared the cobbler, 44 I never did nobody no harm. Lot me go I" " Let you go-what for 1 X ain't going to hurt yon. I'm Oomerford, the soxton ; don't be a fool, What are you malting suoh a noise about ?" 41 High I Oomerford, is it you really ? I took you for the devil or Lady Ponton's ghost," 44Lady Fonton's ghost I What do you mean?'4 aiked the sexton. 44 Why, you soo, they say sho docs walk" replied the aobbler, 44 and I wont to have a look, and as I went along I saw a groat black figure coming along towards me, nnd I was struok all of a heap, and thon 1 turned and bolted. It had eyes like sauaors, and there wi\s Hro and brimstone coming out; of its mouth." 44 Don't bo a fool, Watkins I" said Mr. Saunders, 44 Fire and brlmstono indeed 1" 44 Well, sir, I ain't joking, I saw It-as plain aa I see 1 you all now." "Non«en«o, man I" an Id Oomerford, 44 it wna mo, and I I hnd llghtod my pipe boforo ,1 loft the roausoloum. You soo, gontlomon, Watkins got frightonod hlmaolf, and now ho wants to frlghton us." 44 Well," said tho roetor sontontloualy, 141 thought aomeono waa bolng murdorod, Good-night," and ho nnd tho surgeon turned to go, whon Oomerford stopped thorn. " I want to Hjioalc to you, gontlomon, if you pluaao,'1 ho Haiti. 44 What is it, Oomorford ?" nakod tho rootor j 44 any« thing unpluuuaut V 44 Yos sir-vury j but I can't toll you out hore," 44 Ootno in," uaid Mr, Saunders, opening tho door of his surgery. Without any delay or olroumlooution, tho soxton told his story. I 44 What you toll u« is vory sfcmngo and inoomprohon- , alblu," niiMvvonul tho rootor, 41 and must bo Investigated, Wo had hotter go and juo Tor ouraolvou, What say you, Niiunitors ?" "llj all imiaiir," W«h tho (lurnoon'H reply j "lot uh go at oiuu)," iuul thoy stuvtod oil lit tho direction at tho churchyard. Wlion tluiy mi t.ntiu-od tho mausoleum, and Comer loril Uwl llghtmi tlm candle*, everything w»»» found jus uh tho Huxton hiul lUisoribod Jt-tho ompty oollln »»>d tho broknu lid. V #uat(oilly uxolalmod tho aoxton, 44 tho wine, kukl"K »I> Uio empty bottle, 44 tho «trnnj(o i» mitaod Mr. Siiumlors, " It Lai1y Penton'di como to life again," suggested the sexton, " Bhe is most likely gone up to the Hall." "Lady Fonton come to life again. Pshaw! I'm astonished at you, Comerford 1 There was no doubt that she was dead-dead as a door nail, or 1 should not have allowed her to have been burled," said the Burgeon. "You know best, air } but you see she ain't here 1" said the sexton j "and I must say I never did see a corpse keep as she did. Why, it was only this morning when I looked at her, the oolour on her cheeks was as bright as ever, and you know, sir, she never did look like a corpsta." " That's true," replied the surgeon. " The manner in whioh she kept was wonderful; but you must re member that the weather has been very oold." " It's no use arguing the question, Saundere," broke J in Mr. Delmar. " I think Mr. Comerford'a remarks point out a probable means of doming to a solution of ' the mystery, Let us go up to the Hall and see. I'll have the horse put into the oarriage at onoe. It will hold us all." " Of oourse, if you wish, I'll go," replied the surgeon 5 " but we shall look like a pnroel of fools when we get there. Stay 1" he oriecl, holding up his hands, " What's this ?" as the sharp olang of horses' hoofs were heard in tLe distance. " Hello-who's that?" he cried, as a moment or two afterwards ho dashed out into the road. " Is that Doctor Saunders ?" naked a voice. " Yes, what is it you want ?" " I'm sent to fetch you, sir. You must go up to the Hall directly," answered the man. " What's the matter~ is anyone ill ?" asked the surgeon, " I don't know rightly, sir," answered the man, " but I believe so. You seo, I sleep over the stable, and al» I know is that I was woke up and told to ride ovor for j you at onoe." " Strange," muttered the rcetor, who overheard the whole conversation. " All right, Johnstone, go back and say I'll oorno at onoe," replied the surgeon, Without further delay the lights were extinguished, the door of the mausoleum was looked, and they wont baak to the village. The rector's 00b wns harnessed, tho oarriage brought out, and the three started for the Hall. When thoy arrived there they found everything in confusion. " What's the matter-what Is the oause of all this?" naked tho surgeon, " Oh, sir I my poor mlatrosp, sho Is so bad." " Mlstross ? Spoak girl, wUut do you moan ?" u She's In aonvulBions I" " Who is in convulsions 7" ailced tho surgeon, " Mrs. Towson, sir I" " Why oouldn't you any ao nt first, Show mo to hor room I" said Mr, Saunders, tostlly. Tho girl took the surgeon upstairs and tho butler ushorod tho routor Into tho library, " What is tho rauttor, and how did it all happen, Ptu'ions?" askad tho roator. "Wolli your rovaronooi I oan'fc toll," ropllod tho butlov, " all I know is that a little after twolvo o'aloolc .1 wnanwoko by k loud knocking and screaming lit Mis. Towson'u room, I got up and,'put on my things, and in the corridor [ mot tho aoolc and tho laundry maid, and I sont 'inn In to sou what wan the matter, Thoy found hor In strong convulsions, and nho Icoopit saying that sho hits soon Lady Fun ton ; and thntVi all, your rovoronoc," and no saying lie turned and loft tho room. " What do you tnalco of all tills l " asked tho ruator wlion Mr, Sivi udors ruturuud from tho nlolc room, '.Nolthor liuad nor tall," ropllod tho surgeon, "Mrs, Towson Ih roally vory III, and tluiro Is no doubt that from noimi oauso liur nervous nyHtom hiut ruoulvcd u Hovoro shook, Apart J'roin tho other strange ooourr onooii whloh hwvu otnno to our kuowlod^o, 1 should nay Mm. Tiiwhou hail buon overloading and hail had a bad attack of nlght-miuo, " Hut what about tho dlsaiipoaranoo of thu oorpiu 7" nuked tho rooter, " Tlioco you pn/nlo »m>, hut tlino -.vlll porhaii# throw somo Unlit upon thu mytitory, Tho nuxt morning ao thu noxton was p/utslng through tho churchyard, iiomothing bright iwnoiiff the grmts attrautod his attention, ami ou takiatf a adai?®* look lie discovered a dark lantern, and a little further on a small crowbar. " Ah I" he exolaimed, as he picked them up, " i begin to see my way out of this, now j we've had the resurrection men down here. I'll go and show 'em to the reotor." " Oomerford ia quite right," said Mr. Saunders that same evening, as ho and the rector sat talking the matter over. " That's my solution of the matter, as far as the disappearance of the corpse goes." '« But what about Mrs. Tewson's illness ?" " Simply a coincidence. I can make nothing more of it," "Gould we get the body back, think you, if we offered a reward V" questioned the rector. " Probably, If the reward was large enough. " Say a hundred pounds ?" " Yes, that would do." "I'll go over and see Sir Gilbert, and settle the matter at onoe." Sir Gilbert's consent was obtained, and a reward of £100 - was at once offereJ. In aooordanco with the aivioe of Mr. Saunders, tho advertisement was flrafc In. sorted In the leading mediaal newspapers. In the course of a few days after the first one appeared, a letter was reaeived from an unknown correspondent stating that if the reward was paid and no questions asked, the corpse would be restored to its original rest ing plaoe, Thia was at onoe done, and about a week afterwards on the sexton paying a visit to the mausoleum, ho found the plaoe in its usual order j the lid of the ooflln had been restored and replaaed, and on looking into the ooflln, to his utter astonishment there lay nil that remained of the late Lady Fanton, with the oolour in her cheeks almost as bright as ever. The sexton immediately oommunioated tho fnofc to the rector and Mr. Saunders, who at onae made an In spection of the corpse. " As I suspeated," remarked Mr. Saunders, when tho examination was conoluded. "The poor lady's body has boon in the bands of the surgeoni<,'' " That's a aurioua ending to a ourious affair," said tho raotor, as they walked homeward, " but, as tho body has been rostorod, there Is no nood to say any thing about it, oxaept to Sir Gilbert and Mrs. 'i'ewaon." " Quite right I" responded Mr, Saunders. Though there was no longer any douofc as to tlio death o£ Lady Fenton, for after Its restoration tho corpse began to show ovldont signs of decay, It WAS agreed that tho socond letter of Instructions should not bo opened or actod on till tho twelve months had expired. Whon it was oponod it waa found that tho trustoo,, woro directed to disposo of tho Hall and all tho landed property in ono lot. Out o£ tho prooooda thoro wan a largo legacy to Mrs. Towson, ftod boquonts to numerous charities, and tho residue of tho proceeds, and tho amount In stocks or shares, wu» to bo devoted to tho building and endowment of twonty or more nout cottages, to bu called tho .' Ifrtv.oly Homos," tor tin widows of docayod o(lloor«. Thoro was a good deal of talk and gossip au to tho manner In which the trust was oarrlod out, and amon« t.ho cavillers, of ooursu, wan Sir Hlohard Fonton, Uurt. ][u oiu'i'lud out. his throat and opposed tho probato o thu will, bub tho court granto.l lottomoC admlnUtr .tlou to tho executors, and ordered Sir Hlohard to pay tio costs, mid there are now iilx-and-twenty ladlou I v nR In Mlx-and-twonty protty llttlo oottagoH, who to 10 ond of tholr days will havu cause to blosu tho proVMlon of LADY FJONTON'h Wniii. T1110 MIOOOHH of lloberfc JQlsmoro ha* pavod for tho success o£ another rellgloun novel, o in « I'reaohor, by Margaret Doland. In thin nov? freethinker Is tho wife, who disbelieve.) In overMtlnK punishment. iter husband, who lovo* wlfo'd u strict Presbyterian, and l» HO concerned for heresies, a. ho consider* them, that aft;ey ? K * convert- her to hh. belief, he at liwfc »mnl« .< " > hlii houiie, in thu hope that sorrow ( ^ M l Hg|ifod to love him deeply too) m»y tu ooimuiilon. 