MORPETH AND HINTON BRANCH. On Tuesday evening the annual meeting of the Morpeth and Hinton Branch of the Hunter River Auxiliary to the British and Foreign Bible Society was held in the School of Arts, Hinton. There was a large attendance, including residents from Morpeth and the districts around. Mr. John Pearse, J.P., occupied the chair. He was supported on the platform by the Revs. R. E. Goddard, D. W. Davies, A. W. Brough (the deputation from the Parent Society), C. Stark, and Messrs. W. Barnes and Henry Croaker. Mr. S. C. Boag, the energetic Secretary of the branch, had got together an effi- cient choir from the different churches, who ren- dered Sankey's hymns between the speeches. The CHAIRMAN opened the proceedings by alluding to his novel position in occupying the chair at that meeting, and expressing his pleasure at seeing so many present. The Rev. R. E. Goddard read por- tion of ii. Timothy I., after which prayer was offered by the Rev. D. W. Davies. The SECRETARY of the branch (Mr. C. S. Boag) read the report as follows :— Report for year ending 22nd May, 1888. Your committee in giving in their report refer with loving remembrance to their late respected president, Mr. Andrew Tulip, who, after a painful and lingering illness, died on 3rd April, 1888. He for many years showed great interest in the So- ciety's work in this district, both as a subscriber and member of committee. On the 30th July, 1884, he was elected President, which position he held with grace and honour. He has now gone to join the spirits of the just men made perfect. And your committee, bowing submissively to the will of God, desires to place on record its deep sympathy with his widow and family in their bereavement. Mr. John Keating for many years held the office of Treasurer, and has been a staunch friend to the society. Through the infirmities of age he has been obliged to retire from active work. Mrs. Keating, too, has been a most energetic collector ; but through increasing duties has also been obliged to give up her post. The Rev. Dr. Boag is also unable to shew the same active interest in the work that he did in former years. These, combined with other influences, have done much to weaken our hands in the few past years. But we are thankful to say that there are young ladies being raised up, in whom an interest is being awakened to the claims of the Society. And, although the result of their labours in the aggre- gate is not to be compared to the doings of older ones in the past, yet we trust that, with more experience and the return of better times, to attain to the greatness of by-gone days. There was no report given for last year, as the work of collecting was late, and so it was thought advisable to with- hold and combine it with the report of the present year. The reports of the two years are as follows : 1887—Morpeth : Mra. Keating collected £2 15s ; Misses L. Beattie and J. Trimble, £2 15s 6d; Hinton : Misses Ling and M. Cameron, £4 2s 3d ; Swan Reach : Miss Mann, £1 3s 6d ; Woodville : Miss L. A. Pearse, £2 12s ; Seaham : Mrs. J. T. Junor, £2 17s 6d; making a total of £17 5s 9d. 1888—Morpeth : Misses Ford and A. Keating, £5 8s 6d; Hinton: Misses S. Cameron and H. R. Stuart, £4 5s ; Wallalong : Miss Scott, £4 12s ; Seaham : Mrs. J. T. Junor, £2 17s ; total, £17 2s 6d. Miss Pearse's amount from Woodville is still to come in for 1888. A large committee of 16 was formed at last annual meeting, representing the following churches—Episcopalians, 4 ; Presbyterians, 2 ; Wesleyans, 2 ; Baptist, 3 ; Methodist, 2 ; Salvation Army, 3. It would scarcely be fair to judge the wisdom of this plan by the result of last year's work, but we consider a smaller representation of each of the churches would produce a more workable committee with better results. The ministers of the district were most responsive to the invitation to address the meeting, viz. Revs, D. W. Davies, R. E. Goddard, and C. Stark. The Revs. K. A. Corner and T. Davies are unable to attend. But our special thanks are due to Rev. A. W. Brough for his hearty response, as well as for the timely assistance given in his position as cor- responding secretary for the Hunter district. The matter of a united choir met with better success this year than in the past, and we trust, as the interest of the Society extends, the singers of the various churches will be brought together, at least once a year, to mingle their voices in praises to the Most High. In conclusion, your committee would earnestly recommend to the people of this district the im- portance of the work being carried on by the B. and F. B. Society throughout the world, in dissemi- nating the Holy Scriptures, which are profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness : that the Man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works. Submitted on behalf of Committee. CHAS. S. BOAG, Secretary. The Rev. C. STARK said the resolution he had to move was the adoption of the report, which they had heard read. He was very pleased to be there at a meeting of the British and Foreign Bible Society. To him the Bible was the book. It was the book for the nation, the book for the community, the book for the family, the book for the individual, and he was only too honored in having the privilege of standing before them to advocate the spread of that book. They were told to-day that the Bible was a thing of the past—that it had done its work, and it was time it gave way to something superior. That was a false statement : there were never so many Bibles circulated as now ; the Bible Society was never doing such a work as in the present day. Fifty years ago the income of the Society was £120,000 ; last year it was £225,000. The auxi- liaries then numbered 2307, they were now 5300. The issues of the Scriptures were then 600,000 ; now they were nearly 4,000,000. That did not seem as if it was a thing of the past. lt was a sign of progress. The spread of the Word of God has been and must be a work of progress. Then they came to the price. One hundred ago a work- ing man would have to spend the earnings of a week for the Bible ; 50 years ago the cheapest copy they could get was one for 2s, and a New Testa- ment for 6d. Now they could purchase the whole Bible for 10d and the New Testament for 1d. Before he left home he had purchased Lord Shaftesbury's new Testament for 1d. That would show that the Society was doing a wonderful work. He believed the Bible to be the reformation of the world. Where the Bible was highly prized and made the guide of life there they found harmony, peace, and joy ; and an absence of those blessings was noticeable where the Bible was rejected. The Bible was never being spread so rapidly as to-day. England and Wales took 1,400,000 copies ; Australia, Canada, and the Cape, 600,000. Statistics were quoted of the numbers taken by different countries in Europe and elsewhere, and that proved to them that the Bible was designed to be spread over the whole world, till every nation loved it and the reli- gion that it represented. What were they doing to help in spreading it? There was a principle at stake : they must do their duty. If they had not the Bible in their homes, they would not be as happy as they should be ; if it did not govern their life, they would not be blessed as they ought to be. The Bible was the life and the light, and he would urge upon everyone present at that meeting to endeavour to spread the glorious truth that had done so much for them, and was calculated to do so much for them. He related an incident that occurred at Colombo on his voyage out : an aged native who had been brought to the glorious light of the Gospel, coming off to the vessel to preach the truth to the white men. If they allowed the Bible to govern their lives, they would have happiness on earth and eternal happiness hereafter. The Rev. R. E. Goddard had to second the resolution which they had heard read. It at all events showed that the last two years had not fallen behind each other, though how they com- pared with previous periods ho could not say. The report seemed to have in it a little tinge of sadness, and he thought the practical expression was that in years to come they might all do something that they had not done before for this Society. He would remind them, in asking aid for this society, that admirable work was being done by several societies—he might mention their names : but this one from the simplicity of its notion—the spreading of the Word of God without note or comment—was a common platform for all Christians. May it help them in the years to come to be united in spread- ing the Scriptures, so that while they stood firm by their principles, on which they believed it worth- while to divide Christendom, they would each give the right hand of fellowship in the Christian Church to one another. (Applause.) They had heard of the increase of the circulation of the Bible and its decrease in price in the last 50 years. Those were no doubt great advantages ; but he would ask them was it not possible, unless they were very careful, if it would, like all other advan- tages, be accompanied by corresponding disadvan- tages. He meant that, because it was so cheap and could be obtained for 6d and 1d, they treated the Bible as only sixpence worth and the New Testa- ment as only a pennyworth. He would urge upon them to never mind the cost, and to realise that the real value was in the book and not in the bind- ing that enclosed it. He knew there was a danger in the minds of the young who were not properly trained to look upon a Bible in a good binding as worth a great deal more than a cheaper edition. They should remember that it was not the binding that gave the value, but that which was within sanctified the binding and raised the value of that which might only bo 1d or 6d. He hoped to see increased collections, and the claims they heard pressed upon their hearts, that they all might do something to advance the cause of this society, which was, as they had heard, for the pro- pagation of the Word of God. But for what? That they might report the circulation of fifty million copies—that they might show re- ceipts of large sums of money to enable them to sell at 1d if they liked ? Nay. But the man may be made perfect, and truly furnished to all good works. In sending the Word of God broadcast, what else should they do? It needed a uoto or comment. It needed the illustration to be sent along with it, that they lived according to the standard of its high teaching. (Applause.) If they sent that with the Bible they would be doing a good work, undone that God intended them to do. But he thought without that—if they sent out the note or comment : see how these Christians hate one another ; they teach us to lie, to cheat ; they send fire-water to us, and destroy some of the noblest nations of the earth; then this great England, with its Exeter Hall meetings, might send a copy to every soul on the earth—she would be sending a note and comment that would make nations infidels. Let them not quarrel among themselves as to any note or comment of any par- ticular doctrine ; but let them unite together as they could do in this to send the Bible without note or comment. That in sending it forth they may not merely say, they believe it, but live so as to show that belief. They might say, but that sounds almost hopeless; but they were bidden to do it. The Lord had two witnesses : the Holy Ghost, which was given as a manifesta- tion to each one of us, who believe that in answer to prayer He would come and dwell in us; and in the will of God as manifested in the Son of God. They should send forth these two witnesses to- gether. While sending out the Word of God they should live in accordance with the principle that righteousness exalteth a nation and sin was the shame of any people. He asked them to take the Word of God as their rule of life, and if they did so they would help forward the cause they had at heart more than they would by sending forth 5000 copies and living lives which would be witnesses against it. So they would see the work they had to do during the year—to spread the witness of Christ Jesus through the Scriptures, and to give our own lives as the only note and comment to send with it. He prayed God that these witnesses may go forth, and that by any influence of theirs—in the home, in the district, or in matters of their national life, they may never by any act do anything to discredit the Word of God, which was the word of all life (applause.) The resolution was carried unanimously. The Rev. A. W. BROUGH said the resolution en- trusted to him was as follows :—" That this meet- ing desires to express its deep sense of gratitude to God for the continued success of the British and Foreign Bible Society, and pledges itself, in view of the large and important fields open for its operations, to unite in more earnest efforts to aid the parent society." He referred to the mention of himself in the report, and pointed out that the other Secre- tary of the Hunter River Auxiliary was also present and equally deserving of mention. The Secretary had a great deal to do with the success of such gatherings, and their large meeting was proof of the enthusiasm of their Sec- retary. (Applause.) One great feature of these gatherings was the presence of an united choir. And their presence and that of the audience on such a cold night was proof of the warm feeling towards the society. He was there as a deputation on behalf of the parent society, and he might be expected to say something of it, but after the speeches delivered it was not necessary for him to say much. He might speak for a short time in favour of more vigorous effort, which was always possible on behalf of this society. He might com- pare the compare the condition of the days of ancient Rome to the present, or of those of the Reformation, for behind that great movement was the Bible, to show the great debt they were under to this society. But he need only go back to 1804, when this society first had its inception. Its one fundamental principle was, as Mr. Goddard had mentioned, to print the Bible and circulate it with- out note or comment, believing that under the guidance of God's Holy Spirit everyone could learn what he needed for his eternal welfare from that book. Since 1804 the Society had spent £10,000,000 in translating, printing, and circulating that book, and it had piinted and circulated no less than 112,000,000 copies in whole or in part. It had trans- lated the Bible into 277 different languages and dialects, many of which had been translated by that Society for the first time. When they re- membered how nations were got together by a form of language, that would give them some little idea of the work of the Society. Some people have been given a written language and have grown into nations. This work was not being done in any one country, but throughout the whole world. There was not a country but had to some extent felt the influence of this Society. There were other societies : this was not the oldest one. There was one connected with the Church of Eng- land, which was doing a great work. But if it was not for this one, that society would not be in existence now. They received many copies from this society, and for many of the least known lan- guages they had to come to this society. They were all working harmoniously. Some of the American societies were also important ones. This society had agencies, depots, nnd correspondents in every part of Europe, and worked hand in hand with all missionary societies. Without its aid, many of these societies would have ceased, or their work would have been greatly curtailed. The circulation last year had not reached the enormous number that had been issued during each of the two preceding years. Last year it was over 4,000,000, and the year before that still larger. This year, from some cause or other, it has fallen something below—being 3,932,678 Bibles in whole or in part. When the whole returns were sent back it was quite possible it would be over 4,000,000. He trusted it would be. With that decrease in circulation there had also been a decrease in income. Last year the accounts closed with a debit balance against the parent Society, as they did the year before and the year before that. If they added these together, they would be getting near the Insolvency Court. They were in debt a great many thousand pounds, but, if action was taken throughout the world, that could soon be wiped off. The income last year was £221.000, and the expen- diture £231,000, just £10,000 above it. Now, a few brief words as to the working of the Society. They employed, on the Continent of Europe and through- out the world, agents and labourers, who went about selling the Bibles in the different towns, and who, if a person was very poor, gave a copy for nothing—not for the purpose of their being under- valued, but in many cases the people were so poor that they were not able to give 6d to pay for a Bible. They had also depots in the chief towns where they kept a stock of Bibles, where numbers resorted and from them supplied the outside villages. He quoted from the experience of the agents in some of these countries to show how the Bibles were circulated, the opposi- tion brought to bear against the work, and the proof of the good effects of the spread of the Scrip- ture ; and, as often happened of persons who had been converted by simply reading the Bible desiring to take up the work of a mis- sionary and spreading it to others. The work was earnest that it would be carried throughout the whole earth till all men heard of the Lord Jesus Christ. He most heartily moved the resolution entrusted to him, and commended the Society as worthy of all their support, not only in a monetary view, but in their prayers. If they prayed God to prosper it, they would not be back- ward in supporting it in other ways. Mr. Wm. Barnes seconded the resolution. He was pleased at being there, and at the object which had brought them together, which he considered a very important one. He looked upon the Bible as the book of books, because it was the book of God. They read in the Bible that men wrote as they were inspired by the Holy Ghost; that it was an inspired book—inspired by God. When they compared the Old with the New Testaments, they must believe it was the Word of God. He had been cheered in reading the Bible the last 50 years, and he never yet found anything in it which told him not to read it. He thought that the heathen would rise up in judgment against many who had been reared in a Christian land. He recommended the reading of both the Old and the New Testaments. It taught him to have confidence in the Saviour, and to have no confidence in the flesh. This resolution was also carried. The Rev. D. W. DAVIES moved the next resolu- tion—"That the thanks of this meeting be ac- corded to the office-bearers, committee, and and lady collectors, that the following gen- tlemen be office-bearers and committee for the coming year: President, Mr. John Pearse, sen. ; Treasurer, Mr. John Stewart ; Secre- tary, Mr. O. S. Boag ; Committee, Messrs. B. Long, John McFadyen, C. Dudley, W. Gear, jun., T. Bird, T. Carter, J. Morrow, W. Summers, J. C. Beattie, John Keating, C. Garnham, and J. Hampshire." Speaking of the platform of the Bible Society, he considered it a demonstra- tion of the unity of the Christian Church. He be- lieved in denominationalism. He loved the denomi- nation to which he belonged, and would be sorry if they did not love theirs ; but he thought that in the past they had emphasised unduly their dif- ferences, and that the time had come when they should leave them a little in the back ground, and accentuate and emphasise more the unity of the Christian Church. With reference to the office- bearers, he had attended one meeting, which was poorly attended, and thought if that was a fair test of their work he thought the thanks in the resolution must be taken as anticipation of favours to come. The secretary had been referred to, but to be successful he must be supported by an energetic committee and a band of devoted enthusiastic lady collectors. He took it that the bulk of the work of the Society was done by the lady collectors, and he hoped the lion's share of the thanks would be taken by them. He appreciated their labours the more, because he could not beg himself. He hoped they would go in the future as they had done in the past. He had great pleasure in moving the resolution. Mr. H. CROAKER seconded the resolution. It was some pleasure to him to attend that meeting and second that resolution of thanks. The labours of the ladies were cordially rendered, and he agreed that they were deserving of the lion's share. He hoped that they would go on, and that the people would second their efforts in the coming year. The motion was carried. A collection was made in behalf of the society, and the proceedings were closed with the doxology and the benediction. i 