FOUL CP A WATERSFOOT. The following yarn is told in the 'Daily Telegraph ' to ' A Seafarer' by ' his friend, tbe Second Mate ' : — The chief mate was a cheerful little Welshman— God rest bis soul — one of the most intelligent seamen I was ever associated with, with as tender a heart as ever beat under a velvet waistcoat, and eyes so bright that I'd sometimes think that tbe redness that tinged them was nothing but the scorching of tbe skin by tbe flashing of his gsze. We were very good friends.both of a rather poetical turn of mind, no very great rarity amongst seamen, though the conformedly strained manliness of the sailor makes h,m feel sheepish even to be suspected of a romantic humour now and Bgain. The skipper hovered abont till 10, then went below. I joined the mate, and we fell to quietly pacing the deck, talking of anything but the weather and the heat, and the calm, being Bick of the things. No, sir, our conversation went to consideration ol ibe sort of times we were to expect at Calcutta, and I wag in the midst of telling him that I was thinking eerionsly of looking ont ' for a mate's berth aboard a country wallah, where the month's wage sounded tail iu tbe sbspe of rupees, when he interrupted me by coming all on a sudden to a dead etand, whilst he cried ia a tragio voice that was. scarce more than a hoarse whisper, pointing with a little arm as he spoke : ' My God, what is that !' His forefinger indicated a space of dnsk that lay like an ink-stain nnnn thn niht lhi> ru dark as the sea-line everywhere else was ; and in tbe heart of this peculiar murky blotch I observed what looked to me to be two fine lines ol flame close together, forking ont of the sea, and lengthening upwards as one watched with a kind of throbbing pallor whence they proceeded, thoogh this last was very elUBlve, and noticeable only when the sight went a_ little to the right or left of it. ' Hush !' said I, after Btraining my hearing a moment, whilst the mate stood watching stookstill, as though spellbound, ' Do you hear it '' The noise I meant, which, though faint, was andible enough amid the pauses of the flapping canvas on high. Think of a kettle boiling in a room next to the one you are seated in, and that will be the character of the noise I heard. As I spoke there was a flash of lightning right betwixt the two fine lines of fire, and the wild glare threw out tha ponderous folds of a great cloud hanging, like masses of smoke arrested and pressed down, above those Btrange and ever growingluminons stalks. 'A waterspout — two of them, it looks like,' cried the mate. 'How does it travel 2 Why, by all that's precious, if its growth signifies its course, it's heading direct for the barque.' His vehement ex- olamatlons startled the men who bad stowed themselves away about the decks for a nap, aud you saw a flitting of dusky figures to the rail, and oanght a note of alarm in the half-smothered growl of voices which came alftrwv NUVln/V nlmavia ilin a— _ _f At n.jB, IUQ OWlUg UI me swell, the barque lay as dead on the sea as a lightship, not an inoh of way on her ; »o that there was nothing possible to be done in the way of manojuvring, But waterspouts don't shine,' cried I, to the mate. 'Yes, yes,' he answered, 'yonder does, anyhow. It is the phosphorous in the water. I have seen such things again and. again, glowing as though they bad got a streak ol lightning stowed away in their ooil.' He continued to look ; then, with an oatb, he cried out passionately that the -sppearance was heading for ns, and, with a bound, gained the companion, down which he bolted, reluming after a few breathless momentB followed by the captain, who roBe out of the hatch like a ghost, habited in his shirt and drawers only. Believe mc or not as you will, bnt what I'm going to tell yon is as tvne as that 1, who walk by your side now, am a living man; The fire- rinctured stalks, as I will call them, had thiukened with incredible rapidity, and looked 500ft. high, distant as they yet were. There was a constant play of lightning over them, sometimes very fie-ca and briliiant, wilh sharp craoks of thunder, whose rever berations rolled over the polished undula. tiona of the water, with a sound of heavy bowls burled along a resonant wooden stage. The stagnation Broun d made the sight of that small rotating luminous temrest as wonderful as it was frightful. Every moment heightened the. roar of the boiling at itB base, »nd the indescribable yelling of the circular sweeping of the wind of this narrow tempest. Some of the men beat wilh handspikes fnrionsly upon the scuttle to arouse the watoh below. I Blood watching, scarce dra-ing a breath, captain and mate beside ms, both silent. Indeed, there was notning to be done. We migftl, perhaps, havo fired a gun, but we hadn't such a tbiDg aboard. The course of the spout was easily to be gathered by the sharpening ol the myetioal golden fires which illuminated the revolving columns, and by tbe whiting upon the right of the bed of foam ont of which those vast liquid trucks grew, and by the increasing uproar of the maddened and seething mass of spume and of the thunder blasts over it following ea-.:b jagged, barbed lightning stroke with continuous detona- -ions, comparable only to broadside after broadsid- delivered from a four-decked line- of-battle ship. The spout oame along slowly — if a single spout it were - with its two flaming limbs and oDe' den»e head of vapour. There was a bit of hope to be got out of this, for It might break and peri-h ere it reached ns. The oaptain cried, My God 1 what shall we do ! How f»Bt is it travelling, think you, Mr Morgan V 'Eight miles in tbe hour — no faster, sir,' oroaked the mate, in the voice of a man sentenced to death. ' It'll be aboard us !' roared some forward -uddenly in a panical way, and the cry was instantly followed by a frantio rnsh aft of shadows as the figures of the men looked. But tbe boat-wain of 'he barque, whose tones I recognised, orie'd out, 'Jump for shelter, my lads! jump for shelter ! Down with yon under deck, or there'll be ne'er a lire left to explain what hurt the ship;1 on wbioh many of tbe men sprang forward agBin, the oaptain saying no-hing, and tbe mate as mute as I,fnr the lightning was crackling over onr heads now. — — -" »<»« pmugiug upon tne nevy sea, flung in advance by the oommotion, though there was not a breath of air yet, bb I l|v» to tell it. and the spont almost within pistol shot ! Well, I can only speak of myself now, for what followed was like a horrible nightmare, from whioh yon start with the blood thick in your veins, without being able to reoall a feature of the terror that awoke you. The mad impulse one got from the sight and sound of the epout, and its horrible aacompanimenta of whiteness at fo land blackness overhead, was for shelter, and my first spring was for the oompanion, with a oty to »he oap'ain and mate to follow me, I w s acaroe four steps down when ih«-re happened a shook as though an earthquake right under the keel of the barque had torn her into staves. Just for uuo auDiauw my ear caugnv 'ne inexpressible hellish clamour ot tons of sweeping water, of spars snapping like pipesteme— then wash ; the oompanion way was filled in a breath, and down I went, swept along and into insensibility by a flood that was a small Niagara Falls in its way for weight, Of course I wasn't drowned; of course I regained consciousness ; but that was not so wonderful as that I should have crawled out of be cabin like a soaked fleece, a sane roan with every eense taut in him, instead of a grinning and gibbering idiot. I gained the deck. The night was breathless. No sound oame off tbe ocean, though the horizon hung black all around as before. It took me a while to see, and then I observed that the barque was dismasted. Tbe shadow of ber deok stretched out before me, a sheer hnlk ! There were figures moving here and there. I halloed, and moBt of. them . oame aft. But they wire all too stupefied to answer ques tions ; ' they muttered in a dazed way. Who .was missing? What had happened moie than that the barque naa oeen stripped to tne condition of a naked bnll was not to ba gathered till the dawn come. But before 'be light broke we had rallied lofficimfly to man the pumps and keep them going. Talk ol.a wreok ! Ne er did tbe sun rise upon a more pitiable Bght tba» the barque: made; ; three j -gged stumps where the lower masts had been ; a whole wilderness of \- wreckage over tbe side ; bowsprit gone, the whole 'line of. .port bnlwarksl smashed flat, deck faonse, galley, long boat, I quarter boats— all vanished. The captain I and the poor fellow who had been at the wheel were missing; their fate needed no guessing. But we found the body of the mats, cruelly bruistd and barely distinguishable as a human form, lying under a mass of gear. Well, to end the yarn, for it'B nearly told, we passed three days of desperate pumping, for the vessel took in water as though her bottom hiid been a grating, and 'twas pump or sink, for we were without a boat. But on the morning of the fourth day a steamer hove in sight, spied us, and came alongside. She was just in time; we were mere spectres, with the Btrength of such things, and I believe if the next relief of the pomps had been called there would have been no answer." 