TIlE ESSAY1ST. Shakespeare's Hamlet. The tragedy was first published in 1603. It wIas partly founded" on a work by Sxoo Gramaticus, a Danish historian. Shakes peare has given us several editions, each time endeavoring to make the play more perfect. The principal characters of this drama are formed of the royalty of Denmark. In the political management, the Danish crown is the object sought. To gain it, Claudius com mircs murder on the person of his brother, by pouring into his ear aslow but deadly poison. Hudson states that the queen was no aceom plies in the matter, and perhaps had no sus. picion of it. But she deceived the king, her former husband and Hamlet's father, and in her interview with Hamlet she partly con fesaed her guilt. Rushin says: "In Shaliespeare the catse. troehe of every play is caused always by the foli or fault of a man; the redemption, if there be any, is by the wisdom and virtue of a woman, nod failing that, thereis none I" Claudius, it is truoe,.did commit the murder, but he knew, beforehand, that by this act he could'marry the queen and thus gain posses. I non of the coveted crown. The leading characteristics of the tragedy is Hamlet's madness. The murder of his father and the guilt of his mother seemed to pray cselc!essly on his mind; though he was not proclaimed to be mad until alter his in terview with the ghost. This seems to be an apparition of his murdered father, and is thought, by some, to be merely a supernatu. ralvision of Hamlet's imagination. HBrelatee to him the dark history of howhs was mur dered; that while sleeping in his garden, un conscious of evil, Claudius had stolen upon him and administered a poison which had the effect of a serpent's sting; and by his brother's hand he had at once lost life, crown, and queen. It ceeme that Hamlet had suene pected this, but had kept silent. The ghost enjoined upon him two things : first, thathe must revenge the'murder; second, that however he pursued his revenge, he must not stain his soul or taint his conscience; yet lhe leaves to his own judgment how this must be done. In the closet scene with his mother, the ghost would appear to be partly imsg;nary, for it speaks to lamlet, and he draws her at tention directly to it; yet she neither sees nor hears it. Some Shakesperian tragedians treat this as an expression of a distempered min'd, wherein Hamlet reproaches himsell for his tardiness in revenging the murder; which act he does not perform until just before his owni death. Undoubtedly Hamlet saw the inevitable harm that would come to him if he murdered the king without some justification of the act. The people of Denmark would not suffer the murderer of their king to go unpunished. Hudson" says: "Shakospeare portrays many great criminals, men and women, too who for awhile ride in triumph oder virtue wronged, and he always brings them to punishment, so far as this world caon punish them. But he never in a single instance does this till their crimes are laid open to theworld so that all about them rccoonine the justice of their fate." - The critics have spent much labor on the question of Hamlet's madness, as to whether he was or wee not mad; yet the evidence is so strong both ways that a decision has never been fully rgreed upon. Hamlet appears to be perfectly rational when with Horatio. Hp confides to him all his sorrows and his plane, and asks only his assistance. Horatio is onp of Shakespeare's noblest characters, honest, nandid, and true till death. Those concerned in the play truly believe Hamlet mad, with the exception of the king, whose guilty conscience tells him the malady is only feigned to conceal some secret pur pose; for he knows that Hamlet suspects the crime. In his interview with Ophbelia, Hamlet seems sane enough. He suspects that she has been rent to him with some crafty de sign, end that they are watched and listened to; he rails at her and frames his speech so as to deceive the cavesdroppers as well This betrays wonderful presence of mind and con. trol of will for one whose mental powers are deranged. It is not until she tolla him a fahlehood that his rago breaks forth. -When he sees the king at prayers, he is tempted to kill him on the spot; yet with his powerful will,resolutely refrains from doing so. The most pathetic and touching part of the drama is the grief of Ophbelia. She does not rave, and there lies the pathos. Hero is a sad, quiet madness that speaks of the sorrowing soul within, and tells better the tale of woe than could any raving demonstration. A superhnman power calmly works out the contending, conflicting purposes, the baffled tims and disappointed hops, of these weak human agents, thereby teoching ut that . Divine Providence guards and guides the schemes of frail humanity. Hamlet does not perform the mission of his life till just before it ends. The king, who had been secretly working against him, prepares a cup of wine containing.poison, which he invites him to drink; but Hamlet suspects the treachery, and the king is baffled. He ha-also enven omed the point of Lasortes' sword, to be plunged remorselessly into Hamlet's heart; but by the intricate working of things it enters his own instead. Hamlet dies in the arms of Horatio. Every thing is worked out in his favor, and he at last performs his duty in a way that leaves his character unsullied and his soul un stained. "And that should teach as There isa div.nity that shapes our ends, RI ugh-hew them how we will." 