COUNTRY NEWS. 13 Wirb. — From Our Correspondents. BALLARAT. SiTirvniv. Mr. Fred. E. Day, an old and well known coiiaeutof Eureka-street, Ballarat, died yester day after a abort illness. Ho wat for maoy years connected with tbe Ballarat Fire Brigade. \- At is reported that the local option party in Ballarat East, viewing tobacco smoking as an evil almost as injurious as imbibing intoxicat ing liquor, aro about to take steps to induce the Government to reduce tbe number of tobacconists' shops. With this view an Anti- Tobacco Society is to be organised, to endeavor to bring about the desired reform. A new stock exchange, to bo known as the Federal, has been formed in Ballarat. All the shares in the venture were readily taken up ; $Jrs. Benjamin, wife of Mr. Sam. Benjamin, wholesale fishmonger, of Ballarat East, died suddenly this afternoon. Deceased latterly complained of pains in the head, but, neverthe less, she was able to attend to her household duties. It is supposed that death resulted from apoplexy. An inquiry is lo be held. Mr. Martin Loughlin, J.P., has given X100 towards the cost of the Tom |Moore statue, to he erected in Sturt-street. The statue, pedestal, &c.;, have just been completed and shipped at Italy. It is said to be one of the finest representations in marble in the world of the celebrated poet. Sunday. It was announced in the Boman Catho lic Churches to-day that Dr. Moore, the Bishop of the diocese, was about to establish a Boman Catholio college in Ballarat, and with this view Would bring to the colony |with him in October five clergy men of the order of the Holy Ghost, who are to aot as professors at the college. Two of the juuiiiuvr are > reiiuiioieu uuii luree Irishmen. All have graduated at the London University. Six secular priests and a community of nuns of tbe Littlo Sisters of Nazareth have also been engaged for the Ballarat diocese. BENALLA, Saturday. . A meeting of the Benalla District Coursing Glnb was held on Monday night, when it was decided to hold a coursing meeting at the latter end of this month, for an unlimited number of dogs, the prizes to be .£15, £1 and £3. The Dookie, mail was two hours late yester day morning, owing to the mailmau having lost bis way through a thiok fog. An effort is being made to re- establish tbe gold mining industry here, and a company is now being formed for the purpose of worlring the old Lion reef. Sunday. A meeting was held yesterday of farmers and others interested in the formation of a co operative cheese factory here. GEELONG, Sunday. Early this morning a resident of Woodstock- street, Chilwell, named Robert Leach, aged 67 years, was taken suddenly ill, and died before a dootor arrived. Shortly beforo 8 o'clock this evening a fire occurred at the stables of James Hunter, carrier, in Gheriughap-street. The building was gutted aud about £70 damage caused. The eight horses in tho stable at tbo time were paved together with all the harness. The stables were not insured. INGLEWOOD, Saturday. A man named Charles Wilson, 68 years of age, a resident of Kurting, was admitted to the hospital yesterday, suffering from a com pound fracture of the arm. He was attending horses, .when one lashed out both heels and kicked his arm, inflicting the injuries stated. A fire occurred on Thursday evening at Glen- albyn, when the residence of J. Dowling, Farmer, was burnt. It is supposed to be the work of an incendary. KANIVA, Saturday. At the meeting of the Progress Association on Thursday a resolution was pasued thanking Mr. Walter Madden, M.L.A., for the groat interest he lias evinced in the wulfare of the farming community, and his advocacy of their cause in the Legislatiye Assembly. LANCEFIELD, Saturday. At tbo meeting of tho shire council yesterday Cr. Thos. Little was appointed chairman of a public meeting to be held in Lancefiold next week relative to tho proposed railway from Woodend to Lancefield. SANDHURST, Sunday. ' Dr. Goe, bisbop of Melbonrae, proached this morning at All Saint's Church, and this after noon conducted a confirmation BGrvico at St. haul's. 