'?;,.-?' The Draytbn Meeting. . A GRAND RECEPTION: SPEECHES BY MESSRS. FINNIE AND ?'' ;;-?' - ZILLMANN. : On Thursday evening according to. an nouhcement Mr. Garget addrosscd the Drayton j electors at the Drayton Town Hall. The weather- was anything hut inviting hut, despito a misty rain, and sloppy roads several carriages left Toowoomba filled . with Mr.. Garget's supporters and upon arriving at Drayton the Town Hall was found to bo pretty well occupied. A table had boen {roil ready for the convenieneo #of cliairja&ifand; press, good lighting accomolajtaiTwns provided -?v,and__any Blight delay ';fo might have been occasiontfl-iit/rti'ugii awaiting tho coming of lftfpr nrrivnl*' wim nnh ttmvnlpmnn fnt* JVfi. Tighe had possession of the roast and chuckled away to his heart's content. Our gool natural ' neighbour chanted the old song of iivo years j since as per usual, bat his effort) were not warmly responded to. Ho was singular iu his innocent opposition, for excepting two gimtlo-_ men, among tho ministerial supporters from' Toowoomba, who cunio out to assist Dr.iyton in the show of hands, not a foiithor weight of obstruction figuratively speaking was niiaed against Mr. Garget. This must have been, .; exceedingly gratifying to Mr. Garget's sun-' ? -..; porters, who must have been considerably -stimulated and oncouraged when Mr. ..-John. ' Finnic advanced to tlie.eentre of tho hall, mid 1 in stentorian tones, dououueed the perpetual injustice done to Drayton during the past ' ' .. quarter of a century. From that gentleman's ...'.'speech it will be seen that, nothing hai bemi done for that promising district ub iiiilio. Mr ?'.',. ? Finnic, as one of the leading nnd most ro spected residents of Dray ton, very seldom . : ' comes before the public to speak, but wliou ho cornea, ho speaks to Uio purposo. Win n, ,, ' '.therefore, a gentlemen of Mr. Finnio's status . 'comes forward and espouses thecausoota new ?'?'. candidate — but au old and well-known friend, / we can well imagine that ho Ims nn honest .'grievance, for plain outspoken Mr. Finnic is , under no .obligation to nny purson or p»*ty, and when men of his stamp advance boldly to tho . front nnd cut the pointer, ns be did' on Thun \\- . day ??evening:, there must he something rolton ''' .in tho 'stato of tho borough. His remarks ,.' jiw'vill he found below, as also those of Mr. p^^nirannn, editor o£ tho D. V. Gazelle, who S&i;/^jma called upon -to speak.. Of course Mr. . ^'parget neet-saarily. went.' o/er thu 6ame ground traversed at his previous meeting at tho State school, Gowric Ro:id- and nt Glenvalo on tlio previous evening, and wo are informed that ho is not peculiar' in this respect, for opposing ministerial ? candidates hnvffijeen coiapelliil to do tho same. This is not surprising, Many years ngo Mr. Gladstone in representing a triRngoUv constituency, nppcitrod-.b'eforo tlio 'second section with an apology for nny inability to produco something novel fiom his opening speech on tho previous ovening and pointed to tho nion in tho past who complained that they could not make bricks without straw. Thcroforo ho nrgucd how much nioro difficult wns it for him to make throo different speeches on tho oamo subject. The Biuno difficulty moets our candidates hero and if a local man of Glad stone's calibre was compelled to confess tlur difficulty how much nioro must it be to Gargot, whoso life long history supplies us' with a record of deeds nnd not word's. Still his .snpportci'9 havo no cause to feel ashamed of him on account of his sterling nptitudo on the platform. Not only lias Jlr. Gargot introduced variety into his speeches just as locality and circumstances domnnded. Not only bo, but tho alacrity with which Mr., Garget answered his many interrogators at Draytou is suggcitivo of ono who is well capable of holding his own against, all comers. All things considered -his friends rind suppor ters must be moro than gratified 'at ' tlio' manner in which ho has acquitted himself in his preliminary canters throughout the electorate. The receptions accorded, have exceeded the expectation of his most sanguina. supporters. Inn few days wo shall miss his generous fac« for awhile,- and nil that remains to bo fulfilled is unceasing energy , on tho part of his many sworn adherents to leave no stone unturned in his nbsenco calculated, to send John Gargot into Parliament. Mr. PEiK was voted to tho chair at this meeting-, nnd said ho was glad to see so many present taking an interest in politics, especially in rough weathor such as provailed to-night. Whoever came here to address them ho hoped would bo accorded a quiet hearing. Mr. Gabobt, who was received with ap plause, said at tho outset that ho was indeed pleased to meet them this ovening, and al though tho wet weathor might be inconvenient for them it was good for the country. Ho had not come before them without serious con sideration, nnd might slate that at tho solicitation of many electors in this district ho had allowed himself to be nominated as a ciiididato. He wished, however, before speak ing to them on matters embraced in his n'd dress to put himself straight with the public on some points. Ho was in a somewhat peculiar position, and would at onc» stato what it was. It related to a ineoting ho held last night nt the Glenvalo schools. Ho had no doubt there wero many persons hero who knew whether the report in that day's Toowoomba pnper was a correct one, for it stated at the beginning that thcro was only an attendance of 20 people, nnd it went on to say after that tho number of hands held up against him wore 9 (nine), thus bringing the original 20 to 29, but if 120 had beou given us a fair statement of the number of those present it would have boon nearer the mark. (Hear hear.) The place was as full as it could be, and many remained outside listening on the voraudah. Ho hardly knew what conclusion to arrive at in the matter, for Mr. Frederick Groom who was n«iv present from the C'iron icle was present at the meeting on the previous eveniner, and ho felt convinced, and wns sure, there was some misunderstanding. Unless it was this, that it took six fanners to ma!;o a man. (Laughter.) He felt assured tho meet ing of the previous evening was a rcproacnta tiva one, and when thoy reduced 120 farmers into 20, he failed to see where it came iu — Mr. Frederick Groom . I can explain that. Mr. G.vkget : Then as Mr. Fred Groom is present and expresses a wish to explain, I am sure we are ready to hear him. Mr. Gltoojt said that the mistake was a printer's error. Ho took cave to attend em-ly nt the meeting so that there should be no mistake whatever as to tho numbers. Upon rising this morning, ho at once saw the mistake that hid occurred through a printer's error, and upon seeing Mr.. Caspar, 3Ir. Garget's secretary, subsequently ? ha called him over nnd ex plained to him the real facts of the case. It was to the effect that tho number oE the people iu the room was a little over CO, and that about 1-1 oE those arrived from Toowoomba in cal)3. He therefore thought 50 would bo a fair representation ai the number present, ami so hu put 50 in, and if thoy perused this ciny' Courier they would find that the report sent by him to the Courier gave 50, and not 20, as tho number present. With regard to the nine that. was another printer's error, for the ' i ' got into tlm 'o' box, nnd anyono familiar with printing would understand the cause of the error— (hear hear) — which arose in erery office, through u hurried distribution of typo perhaps. (Hear hear.) So that under these circumstances he belicvo.l they would agree with him thnt tho Chronicle was not to blame for any misrepresentation. (Applause.) Mn. Garget: Well, gentlemen, lam willing to accept Mr. Groom's explanation, as far as the printer's error is concerned. (Loud applause.) Still, when I find a statement of that kind going forth to the public, you will excuse mo for being quickened in my dis claimer by n recollection of the old proverb ' If you give a Ho 2A houiV start it is difficult io catuu it, — ^ujjpi'ma*../ — au i. l'juk wiu caruesu opportunity of bringing the matter before you, because I thought it unfair to myself nnd the party I represent, and unfair to tho farmers who attended in such iroud force at the Glenvalo school last night. (Hour hear) There are other matters upon which I am assailed in tD-days* Chronicle, although not in any ungenerous tone, and I am afraid my old and respected fi'.end Mr. Groom is in error, unless tho discrepancy arises from exeusablo bias in party- politicr. He says, I said at my meeting at Gowrio lioad, that tho Drayton deviation was brought on 32-- jT\vr3 ago. This I deny, for 32jfe.ir? vao'I wjis not in the colony. ? lj-'r\Z no such' figures, .but theyjipj?fttiferi in the report of my speech iu 'C'.'i'u Jjarlinij Downs Gazelle, and upon asking for an explanation, they attribute it to a printer's error. (Laughter.) Hut in nil fairness I think wo enn excuse them on tliose grounds, nftor Mr. Groom's explanation on the other hand. But then there is another point upon which tho accuracy of my stataincnt is impugned! in tho Chronicle to-day,' and thut is where I stated that the freight on n ton of iron from Urishane to Toowoomba was 50s. That has been pointedly denied in a leader devoted to my speech in the Chronicle to-day, hut, gentlemen, I repeat tho same statement again, I. repent tho same words and nm .pvepnved to prove them — tho statistics I quoted upon iron per ton. (Applause.) Tho lion, candidate here proceeded to express himself upon tho leading topics of. the duy, assuring his audienco at tlm outset that ho was n supporter of. tho Opposition— pure, and simple of tho party — about to bo led by Sir Thomas M'llwraith. (Applause.) For tho wel fnro of this colony ho thought it wiks high time (.he country should tako somo stops for a chango very much needed, for nevor hnd tho necessity for a chango been moro apparent thiin now .(choora) ho reckoned that' tho term 'liberal', -herb, nicnn't liburnl to thomselves and liberal to thoir .friends. (Hoar, hear.) Ho would now proceed to show how extravagant they have -been with reference to tho ten million loan, that hnd been squandered God knows hotv. '.Tho candidate then proceeded to expose ; the vnlloy railway business nt Brisbane and his' criticisms were'.lic felt Bnro borne out by Mi'. . Finnio who was present, nnd if that litllo business at Brisbane was not spending plums ninonjg- thoir ministerial supporters what was ? (Hear, hear) Moving from tho capital nnd comiiif; to Ipswich they htivo the same going on thoro with their expensive now bridges and needless railway station, mid carrying away a lino to tho Ksk and tapping tlie Crows Nest line, to prevent our doing anything in that direction, aii-l nUo another right to Warwick towards Do giirdnn. If they took these enormous sums of of money intoconsideratiiln they would find Ips. 'wiclihuiiulittedtotliotimuof£35,OCOpunnoutli aiuco tlie present Government handled this ten million loan, and what h.-ul Dmytoa. had ? Nothing! [Jlr. Tifliti: excitedly: Th6y have; thoy ha v.i 'h::d the tfl'.'u'.-aph office, and the court houfev, and tin; post otlicu built 1J (No, no, nnd interruption.) .. . ' T ? Mr. Gaiiget: All right Mr. Tigho, I wi'l answer you .'presently. It wns no difficult matter to point to several constituencies in the colony where they hnd been favoured in a similar way. (Hear, hear.) Now with, refer ence- to the Draytou railway. Ho was, nnd always had been, a supporter of this railway. Many yoara .' a'30, the tirst snrvsy wns ?made, but for sonic, reason', .certainly not from any engineering-, diflicnlties in tho wny of getting easily frojn Toowoomba to'Droytou, und (jhoy were nskod year after year to beliovo' that tho lino was taken out | to Gowrie Junction, and that.. place was totally robbed. of n railway whet Druy ton was a far more prosperous place. What is it now ? - (Applause). Could they name another town ill Qucouslnnd that had gone back so much during the past 22 years? Whyf (- Certainly not' because .'they' were wanting in first class agricultural Und,- but because through past neglect, they had been cut off, from all communication. (Applnuse.)' Tho well known surveys were here detailed by Mr. Garget, who dwelt on the policy of.the course hitherto pursued, as compared with tho more desirable one of pushing on tho lino from Rttsworth to Bnck Creek, and thonco to St.' George, which would bo saving in distance of construction, and open a good market for our produce. It was stated tho other night by one of our candidates that if a liberal Govern ment were returned to power, they would pledge themselves to construct this lino, nnd goodness knows what besides, but after all this hesitation thoy would agree with him that to come forward on the eve of a. general election, with professions of this Kind looked very suspicious. (Laughter nnd hear, hear.) It is a work that ought to havo boon done years ago, and ho felt as warmly on tho subject ns any of thorn. Shuffling wns of no use. Anyone who wont in to represent them should not bo interfered with by aDy Govern ment and if they returned him (Mr. Garget) to Parliament, he promised them this : that ' if Sir Thos.' M'llwraith won't make this line ho would not support Sir Thomas, but would como back and ask them to return somebody else. (Mr. Tianu : Would you resign ?) I would, for I don't believe iu tacking on iu move ments of that ki.id, nnd hoodwinking this electorate year nftcr year. (Applause.) The Dutton Land Bill nnd its failures in producing revenue was here fully reviewed, ns also the dissipation of the ten million loan, and the disappearance of the £700,000 left in tho treasury by tho M'llwraith Government. The importation of an ad valorem duty, nnd the attack to impose on the working man's beer, the absurdity, of the timber tax, which so much showed the necessity for protection; nnd the Chinese question ' were then de/ilt with seriatim. With reference to the presenco of the latter, Mr. Gabget pointed to their shoddy importation in the way of furniture. In Bris bane they could find furniture of the. most rotten description. Why n heavy duty ought to be put on all Chinese furniture imported into the country, the disposal of which led to a deal of imposition, especially when women were sent to denl with these heathens, p-iyiiig often ,G') for a trashy article not worth ,C2. (Applame.) Good colonial articles were better produced, and much cheaper in the long run. Mr. Garget's repeated promise to continue, the endowment of the Government grant to tho Divisional Boards met with much applansi-. ns also was' the name of Sir Thus. M'lhvrailh in connection with tlie authorship of the Divisional Boards Act. lie believed the money spent by these Hoards under tho present administration the best spent in the colony, especially when they re member the extravagance under tho old state of things. After commenting at length upon the sad want of manufactories in our midst, Mr. Garget pledged his word to bring all his practical knowledge to bc»r in hastening measures which should bring about the desideratr in this respect. lie proceeded : I have been twitted in the paper to-dny with beine: in favour of land-grant railways. It is hardly necessary I should tell you what Ins been my opinion at all, but, I frankly say, I was in favour of lnnd-grant railways, n:id if they had gone on it would have been the making of this district, for they would have secured access to a good market. At tho list general election, live ypars ago, the 31'Ilwraith party were in favour of that system of rail ways but plainly tho verdict of the country was against it, because ho went ofit of power with a minority, and that must have been proof to any reasonable mart thnt tho country w.O3 against it. (Hear, hear.) 1 tell you candidly, I would never vo!e 'for land - grant railways, unless I came before you first, mid found that it ' was your unanimous wish thai; I should do so. Whut ever a man's private feelings maybe ho should givo way, for. 1 have no right to thrust my opinioii3 en you. I will vote for neither the transcontinental railway nor any other railway without first appearing before you, and asking your opinion. Evidently from Sir Tliom;» M'llwraith's recent utterances ho hns no notion, whatever, of going on with land gr.int railways until the country is ripe, and what ever the individual predjuilices and opinions might be, ho would not proceed with nny scheme, without consulting the electors lirnt. Sir Thomas M'llwraith at present has no in tention whatever of going on with land grant r;tilwny3, nnd ns one pledged to support, his party, lot me assure' you again, that I will never voto for it unless I receive your sanction that I can do so. (Applause.) The Naval Defence-Bill, Federation, and the administra tion of our railways were '1Y10 ' Hv-aC *'iiir%. djscjwt'....Vy-^ir.' '(.iargct, who concluded an 'able and clear speech iy acknowledging tlio class who hnd done him good service, and ho would not forget to liolp them in their interests when placed in a position to do an. A good round of applause greeted the speaker ns he resumed his seat expressing readiness to answer any questions which any gentleman might like to ask. QUESTIONS AXD AN'SWKRS. Q. If you are returned to Parliament how many magistrates w;ll you make. (Laughter.) A. First of nil Mr. Tigho let me remind you that no individiul member mikos magistrates. That rests with the 1'romior of the colony, and I am sure I havo no ambition in that direction. Q. In tho event of yon being returned for the electorate of Dntyton and Toowoomba, will you use your inlluence to bring about such an alteration in tho present Licensing Act so m to givo full effect to tlm Local Option Clause ? A. As far as tho Licensing Act i3 concerned I think it is a good Act, but thero arc onn or two slight things that might bo amended per haps. If the Act as it stands wero adniinis tored properly, it would bo n good ono so far ns Hie publicans uro concernod. But I protest against any measure which allows two police men from ISrisbnno to come hero in disguise, ? nnd go about dinner timo nnd claim a legiti mate glass of buer under the5-milo clause, nnd then round und summons tho publican aud got him lined. 1 say any Government doing thnt is a disgrace— to pass au Act of Parliament allowing a person travelling 5 miles to havo n' glass of hoer, and then two men holding somo position in tho Brisbnno po'ics comes np, and says he is a traveller gots his glass of beer, nnd then goes to 'court, summonses the deipicd publican for soiling -£ft-? during' prohibited hours, and 'gets him lined. 1 object to any Act of Parliament which permits that condi tion of things. I say no Act of Parliament should provide for special ami 'exceptional ac commodation on tho Sundays, and nt the snmo timo loavo an opening for practices of tlmt kind. No honest mau would assent; to' ifc7. (Loud applause.) ?? ; - '.''?- '?? . ????'' CJ I agree with you thero bihVyou don't touch on tho Local Option. I only touched on the Local Option. :???,'; '?'.??:*.' A. Then as* far as tho Local Option is coti cerncd my opinion is this that in all jfairne'ss if you close a public liouso, you ought to make, satisfactory compensation to put. tho ejected hoti'IkcepiM- in a position commensurate with his loss. For instance n ii'an iu Drayton or Toowoomim, builds an liotiil, und, I put it sunpoiitiously, he dies nnd loaves a widow und family; Tho hotol is nil that ia loft to hoi', it is all she has, I say it would bo a. cruelty to shut lip that public house just hocnuso a section of tho people thought it ought to bo closed, and throw that woman out in tho street for a living (loud applnnse.) If it bo'rcqninito to shut up any particular houso let us do that which is first nnd right and give duo compen sation to the party cxpollcd which sliull hold him or her f rco from serious loss or harm (cheers). . Am I in favor of soiling land in largo blacks ? Certainly not. In fnvov of a railway to Wcstbrook Homo sleiul Area? Yes. . . ??''? Favorable to black labour / Emphatically 'no. . . . ? : ' : ? . '.' . How. can I reconcile rthat answer with iny resolve to join tlio M'llwraith 'party? Hri nnd M-llwraUh wns only in favor of the employment of black labour in tho Northern sugar plantations where white men could not work. Why ? Uecnuso of the extreme heat. Am I in favour of squuttors employing Chinamen' at £'l a yenr nnd luckor in tlio form of rico and ten ? I5y no means Mr. Tight1. That has come about by had legislation, and 1 will stop it when I got into Varliauiont. (Applause.) . . Am I in favonr of raising navvies' wages working on the line? l'hat is a 'commercial question. The question of wages is one o[ supply and demand. I seo ifc is stated of me that I employed men on the Highfiolds lino at os. a day. I never paid a iniiu 5s. a day in my life but I have paid boys that sum, and I havo paid men ns high ns Os. a day. Many men on tho Bonunraba line have boon working fo» Ss. a dny? Yes, 1 have seen men side gripping- working sido by sido, one man has earned 5?. and another ISs. because of his superior skill. Am I to bring the superior man down from his well-earned 18s. to the inferior workman's 5s ? Certainly not, givo him credit for his skill. You heard 1110 siy 1 believed iu land grant railways ? Never ! Tho land grant system is dead and buried. (Laughter.) But it can bo rovived again ? Never sir by mo. (Applause*) I have expressed myself clearly upon that. Mk. .Toiuv Fixsib, who wns well received, said he had a few remarks to make, and wns in no way 'frightened to speak his mind. He came beforo them as ono of the oldest inhabi tants of Drayton. They talked about our Liberal members and what our Liberal mem bers had done. We had never had a post office although years ago there was nu agitation for one. Our members never took the trouhlo to ask that one should be built for us, but thoy went about borrowing 'nu ollico from this man nnd nnothor man, and never had there been such a thing ns a post oilico built in Drayton by nny Government. Again, when this Dray ton deviation wns imperilled by the arguments of the late Mr. Miles, who sought a favour in return? why did not Messrs. Groom, Aland, Campbell, aud all these men representing ua^ — why did not these men sny ' We won't have these liauhy-panky tricks, wo will go straight or not at nil, aud if you don't give U3 this little bit of railway which has been so l»nir promised we will go over to the other side.' As he t«M one member tho other day, if you had taken a firm stand in tho matter they would have given us what we so much want. (Applause.) The other dnj they cut our telegraph wire off, bnt 'soon put it on again. Nothing but nu electioneering dodge. (Hear, lienr.) Then they got our mail altered incon veniencing us in every possible wny, and now as n sop to the farinors generally knowing they have not many days to live they say ' Oh, we will carry your produce 3s. or -Is. a tou. (Applnuse.) Why on earth did they not do it ye*rs ago ? ? No, they did it when they were in extremis, and had only a few days to live. (Cheers.) The farmers of the district could by uniting cut out any members they wished, and it wns necessary to teach these men if they made promises wo must have them kept. Whoever got in this time, let this matter be a terror to them. He came forward nt the lust election and tried to support Mr. Douglas, aud did so bi'c.mse thuir wns opposition iu the way. He wjs not plclije.l to any particular man, and could plainly see that there was a little tiddly-winking going on, for if these men hud boon loyal sup porters of Drayton, we should have hud a post clbe built instead of borrowing an ollico from one nnd another. Ho wns not finding fault with nny one man in particular, but with this hanky pinky work which wns going on. With theso few remarks, he proposed ' that Mr. Garget has the confidence of this meeting ns a fit and proper porsou to represent us in Parlia ment, (dicers.) Seconded by Ifr. Mcllixs, nnd carried almost unanimously, only four hands being held up against it. Mr. G.vrcet warmly returned thanks, mid proposed a vote of thanks to tlie Chairman, which was carried. As the meeting was about to disperse, there wcro loud cries for Mr. Zilluian, who wns warmly received. Mr. ZiLlMASy, after a few introductory rcitvirks said, as a native, of Queensland ho reutimberep Drayton many year* ago as ono of the most hnpqrUht towns in the colony. Soino years ago, when oa a visit to Melbourne,' ho wont into the museum, there wero two or three comical things came under his ohservn tion. As soon as ho entered the museum he s.w a Bisniarcknu gentlemen staring at tho stuffed ? figure of an Ouraug-outung, and he wont up to see what he was so interested in gazing-nJi, be said '1 am looking at Darwin's grandfather.'' 'Tliat'''wiis* Vivl- 'asnfacy'.' (Laughter.) Immediately utter passing this, his attention was directed to a fosiitlforous specimen of ' tut animal, he smv .inscribed. 011 it ' discovered near Drnyton on the Darling Downs, Xew South Wales.' Ho thought there were some fossils now iu tho neighbourhood of Drayton. He did not wish to speak in disrespectful terms of nuyono, but we generally culled people of antiquated ideas ' fossils,' nnd while listniiinp; to some gentlemen hero tliis evening ho thought, why here is Hip Van Winkla over again. (Laughter.) It is one ofgWnshington Trvinirs very clever descriptions of a mini — poor old Kip— (laughter)— who went out on the mountains aud full asleep for somi! ten year's — a gentlemen ncui- me whispers that it must have been 20 years — however, when hu invoke, ho thought he had been sleeping but a few hours, and he went down to the village expecting to find things piuty inuah as he had left them. But wherever hi. went ho saw strango faces and strange sliiiis, and could not realise tlio situation ntnll. No»v, ho thought thoro wero somo people- who hail been asleep during' theso past few years, whim they hoard this bogus ? cry raised about the railway Innd'Rvant system, and black 1 iljom They seemed to think those wore subjoins ot troublu to us at tho present timo, bub is one fjentleiuiui remarked, they wore dead and buried and ho wondered they woronot forgoUon Thoy_ did not como within llio rungo of practical politics nt -uH, and ? ho thought that they us freo' and ' independent electors and practical iribn, wcro cou sidoring what should bo; tho subject of legislation for the. presont time; (Hcnr,' hear). It wns somewhat out of placo to put it in a mild .way to 'go back fifteen . yoars conjuung up the ghosts of dead r and buried Subjects which should not trouble us:(a))|jlause) nt the present time. rThoy wero practical matters which concerned this district— and wo should ques tion ourselves and ro.questioii oiirsolvos honestly asinon as to whether wo have a fit and pioper persons before you 'to roprosciit you. Mi. Qnrgofc has given such an oxaiuplo of his, shrewd common seme, business like manner of studying things and treating tliings;that lit thoiiglit tlcy could; not; havo any difficulty 01 hesitation in answering the question as to whether -sucli a man was a fit niid proper nusiu to represent us. -It would make allitho diffti ikc now whether Mr, Garget wont il;i or JIi\ Groom or Mr. Aland. Ho'liad grcnt.'respcct i'01 Mi Alund, whom ho might speak of as a UU luuo' friend, and ho was sorry Mrl Aland should feel so eoro over soujo mild ci'iCicisuis tfiat had .'.-.' : i '. ????'? ? .'??'? ' / ..'. '? -' ? '' ' appeared in tho. columns of the D. D. Qa-elte. It hnd been his duty, nnd his duty wns thoroughly in accord with his inclination. to criticise somewhat keenly. IIo was a journa list nt tho present time, nnd was doing his honest best to faithfully fulfil the duty of n journalist, nnd believed nn opposition in journalism ia' ns necessary ns nu opposition in tho Houso, nnd lie thought tlipso gentlemen, so far from being angry with him for his opposi tibn, should lo thankful Id him for inviting their nttention to'littlu matters which nmy set themselves right with the public, for hu holioved controversy nnd criticism tondod to 'gbo'l. ,.(U-ear bear.) :Uut. ,t.- 'coi'ni; to , tlm point. It would ,niako nil. the'diuvrcucc in llio world to Drnylpn and Toow.iombii whether Mr.' Gnriret, Mr. -iunhd, or Mr. (ir.!om wna returned to Parliament; He believed 0:1c of theso prontlemeii would go in, nnd ho- thoiijrht. it very ilesirali!6 they should have one on the Al'.llwmith siilc; who linppcu whnt in:iy:, will go in willi',11 powerful .opposition, lind if l.hiiy had one on Sir Thomas . M'llnrraithVsi(1o tliiiy wero nioro likely .to havo tho affairs of this district' attended to, than if they had two inembei's on tlio ono side and extreme pnrti znns 011 that side. Should Mr. Gnrgct go into the llonsu they might reasonably, expect larga railway workshops nt Toowoomba, which would mean, a large sum of money spoilt weekly iu our midst entailing, ns it would, the employment' of 100 men, who with their families would represent 500 additional popu lation. Ho wns not before them ns n candidate for Parliament, nnd such n position would be premature just now, but'if spared and with good, health he would bpforo ninny years passed be in the Queensland Legislative Assembly— (Cheers) — and living among them as a neighbour, for ho was nnxions of doing tho best ho could .for tho colony in wliioh he was horn, nnd depend upon it whichever pnrty side ho took ho trusted to bo moved by the highest motives to do tho best ho could for this colony. (Loud applause.) Tlicjmceting hero dispersed. 