ODDS AND ENDS. A negro wedding in America closed with the remark by tlio parson, "We will sing that beautiful hymn, Plunged in a Gulf of Dark Despair." The anecdote is told about Voltaire, who, when admonished by a young physician, with serious visage, that in drinking colfco ho was taking a slow poison, quietly replied, " Y'cs, very slow poison, for I havo drunk it for moro than 70 years without troubling the undertaker." A freaciier, raising his oyes from his desk in tho midst of his sermon, was paralysed with amazement to see his rude boy in tlie gallery pelting tho hearers in the pews below with horse chestnuts. But while tho good man was preparing a frown of reproof, tlio young hopeful cried out: "You 'tend to your . preaching, daddy ; 111 keep 'cm awake." A Cleroyman was giving a lecture on natural history in tho church sohool-room, and dilatod, in passing, on tho superiority of recreative science to frivolous fiction. Imagine his horror when, on sending a servant to his library for Bir John Lubbock's "Ants," sho declared, on returning, that she could not find tho volume, but had brought Ouidu's "3Ioths." A New Pastime. — If novelty he n recommen dation, there is much to be said in favor of a Mstimc which has just boon originated in Japan. When its ghostly nature is exdlaincd, however, wo doubt whether it will be adopted generally. A dark corner is chosen, and the only light allowed is that supplied by a lamp with a number of small wicks. Each person present has to tell iu turn a thrilling ghost story, blow ing out ono of tho wioks when finished, so that the increasing gloom lends a peoulinr intensity to oach narrative of mystery or horror. AVhon the last story is told, and tlio lost flickering light extinguished, a snuff of brimstono would he all that was required to precipitate insanity. A Looicar Mas. — "Gcntlemon," said an Arknaeaw temperance lecturer, "I appear before you to-day for tho purpose of urging sobriety. Man was oreatcd sober, which proves tlmt it is his duty to remain in that condition." "Hold on J exclaimed an old fellow, arising and addressing the speaker. "You say that man was created sober, and that it is liis duty to "rafl condition?" "Yes, Bir." l if " 70u ought to embrace tho entire platform. Man was created naked, and according to your boliof ho should havo re mained so." " My henrers," said tho lecturer, I am convinced tlmt I havo not thoroughly canvassed this subject. You will please amuse yourselves while I go out and tako a drink with tins philosophical gentleman." Some Characteris-ito Scotch Stories. — A good anccdoto is told of Bishop Leighton : — " A young woman, tho widow of a minister in his o loc csc to whom ho had boon exceedingly emu, tool; it into her her head that the bishop was deeply in lovo with her. Finding he was iSf'B in breaking his mind, sho went to him in no Homing, a lonely walk by tho wntcr-sido, wiicro ho used to mcditato. Upon his asking nor commands, ' Oil, my lord, said she, ' I naa a revelation lost night.' 'Indeed!' answered lie, 'I hardly imagined you would 5vr i 60 highly honored. What is " . yiat yur Lordship and I wcro to bo married together.' ' Havo a little patience,' replied tho bishop, somewhat abashed, 'till I navo a revelation too.' " Here is another of Lord Tinwald : "Iu his absence a pragmatical gardener had made pollards of a set of limes near tlie house. John,' said . he calmly, what mado you mangle these trees?' 'To give them liottcr heads, answered he, ' Ah ! before that takes place, my head will bo low.1 Dei! make matter, my lord I the trees will be still growing.' The good man smiled and went away. And yet another of Lord Kanics : — ' ' At his Edinburgh suppers, but not when I knew them, whisky punch was tho liquor. For a number of years it was thought to be patriotism to. drink it 111 preference to French brandy. His abhorrence of claret in his latter years is too well known to lie Insisted on. At the circuit table at Jedburgh, his Lordship asked Henry Erakine where lie supposed DEstaing and the French fleet in the west Indios to be.' "Confined to port , my Lord; as 'we are at present.' 'Oh, you Bly rogue!' replied' Kamos ; ' but for all that, not . ono drop of claret shall you have.' " The Duke's Mistake. — One morning, -when tho Duke of Wellington was. at breakfast, lie received a letter in an unknown and rather illcgiblo handwriting. With a view to obtain ing a oluo to its contents, lie put on liis eye glasses and scrutinised tho signature, which lie read "C. J. Loudon." " Oil !" said his grace, " the Bishop of London, to be sure. What docs tho Bishop want of mo, I wonder ?" Then he began at the beginning, and read tlio note carefully through, an expression of bewilder- ment and perplexity gradually overspreading bis face as lie did so. The writer craved his grace's pardon for tho intrusion, and requested, as a personal favor, that tho Duke would kindly permit liim' to come and see his famous Waterloo breeches. - " Why, the -Bishop must have gone mail !" exclaimed the Duke, as he lot his glasses fall. "See my Waterloo breeches ! What in tho world docs tho man want to see my breeches for? However, I'm sure I've no objection, if he has a curiosity about them. A queer, wliim, though, for a bishon to take into his head." Next morning tho Bishon of London, on sorting his pilo of correspondence, found among it a letter bearing a ducal Croat. He opened it, and read as follows: — '.'3Iy dear Lord,— You are porfeptly wclcomo, as far as I am conccrnod, to come and inspect the breeches I wore at Waterloo whenever you like. It's true I haven't a notion where they arc ; but I daresay my valet knows, and I will communi cate with yon moro definitely in a day or two. — Yours vory faithfully, Wellington." " Tlio poor Duko !" ejaculated the Bishop of London, m a voice of the profonndost. commiseration. "I always thought it was foolish of him to enter political life after his -military career. Why couldn't he have been content to retire on his laurels? Politics, and all the auxictv lie lias undergone about . Reform, Catholic Emancipation, and ' what not, have been too much' for ' him. It's evident that liis brain turned. Ho must bo hopelessly insane. What a dreadful thing for the country, to bo sure ! " So the worthy Bishop, with many sighs, wont into his study and wrote a kind letter to the Duke of Wellington, rcmombcring that persons who are montally afflicted miist be dealt with tenderly. He thanked his grace for his kindness, but assured him, lis delicately as he could, that lie was not in the least anxious to in spect the historical relics in question ; anil bogged that tho Duko would givo himself no further trouble in the matter as far aB ho, the Bishop of London, was concerned. .. It was now tho . Duke's turn to he astonished. . " I can't have been dreaming," he. said, in, his perplexity. "And yot tho Bishop's first letter -was nlnin enough." Then ho did what lie ought to have done in tho first instance — lie called his , secre- tary, Colonel B., and laid the whole matter before him. "I'm afraid it's vodr Grace who has made the mistafit," said Colonel B.:, an irre pressible smilo flitting over his face as he examined tlie two letters. " The' first lotter is not from the Bishop of London at all ; nor does tlio writer say linytning about 'tli'o. breoohes you wore at Waterloo." ."Not from tho Bishop!" exclaimed tho' Dtik'e.' " Yes it is. The signature is as clear as can bo— 'C. J. London.' Tho initials stands for Charles James." "It is from Mr. C. J. Loudon, a scientifio gentleman who is preparing an important work on Forest Trees," replied the secretary ; "and what he wants to seo is your Grace's avenue, tlio Waterloo Beeches, as thoy aro called, leading up to your front door at fcjtrathficldsaye. Shall I write and give him your permission?" And thus it fell out that both Duke and Bishon were convinoedofeachotlicr's6anity. — Cxssell's Satur day Journal. 