THE BRISBANE COURIER SATURDAY, JANUARY 7, 1888. The narrative of the interview which the Earl of Carnarvon was good enough to grant to our representative yesterday morn- ing will be read with general and deep interest. His Lordship's opinions in regard to current topics having a .naring on the present position and future destiny of Aus- tralia ave offered temperately and discreetly, and if it bo impossible to agree with much that ho said, it is at any rato instructive to learn what a statesman of ripe experience, wide culture, and known moderation thinks of us. Naturally the first subject touched upon was the Naval Defence Bill, and Lord Carnarvon expresses regret, which we share, that the action of the colonies was not simultaneous on this measure. Already have we affirmed our belief that the next Queensland Parliament will, if for nothing else, for the sake of intercolonial concert, give its assent to the bill, and so secure that which his lordship, in common with all patriots, desires, " an unbroken front in the face of Europe at a time of unquestionable crisis." But in refusing to pass the bill in the then existing circumstance?, the Opposi- tion in a dying Parliament contended for a distinct and important principle. That political canon waa that the Government should not involve the colony in un- authorised obligations after admitting that they were not properly in office, for that was what it amounted to when the Chief Secretary said in effect-"I am embarrassed by the fact that a majority of the House desire us to remain on the Treasury benches, but that samo majority will not support us in carrying pur most important measures." The Opposition felt bound to emphasise the position that no question involving fundamental principles should be brought forward in an Assembly which was self-condemned. With every wish to co-operate with the other colonies for Imperial put-poses, our first citify is nevertheless to ourselves. There was a steady resistance during the late debates in the Assembly to the discussion of the bill on its merits, Lord Carnarvon says that the agreement which the bill asked Parliament to ratify was au excellent bar- gain for the colonies. On that point opinion may well ditter. The proceedings at the Colonial Conference show that the Impr.riiel authorities tried to drive a very hard bar- gain indeed, and throughout displayed what may be called a petty huckstering spirit. The auxiliary fleet for the protection of the floating trade in Australasian waters is to cost £700,000, and on that sum the colonies are to pay the Imperial Government 5 per cent interest, beside defraying the whole of the cost of maintenance. Now the Imperial Government can borrow money at 2½ per cent, or say 3 per cent, and as the colonies are to pay 5 per cent, that leaves a margin of 2 per cent as a sinking fund, which would go far to redeem the original outlay even in the lifetime of the ships. Under these circumstances, the colonies are surely entitled, to more influence than is conceded to them in the management of the ships. The contention of many per- sons whose opinions ought to have weight, is that the fleet should be a colonial one, manned and officered by colonists, and sub- ject lo the control of the colonial Govern- ments in time of peace. Of course, if a war broke out, and a British admiral were on the station, he would take command. Aus- tralia could herself, with an Imperial guarantee at any rate, borrow the £700,000 necessary to build the fleet at 3 per cent, leaving 2 per cent for a sinking fund. Lord Carnarvon says this is the dream of a few enthusiasts. To build, man, and maintain a fleet would, he declares, be impossible without an expenditure that would be simply appalling. But he evidently means a fleet equal not only to the protection of our towns and coasting trade, but of our external shipping-forgetting that the bulk of these great commercial interests ia English, aud ought to have the protection of the English fleet ; or has it come to this, in Lord Carnarvon's mind, that Australia is to protect not only her local trade but the whole of English commerce in the Pacific ? A closer union of the colonies with Great Britain Lord Carnarvon insists is necessary although he is cautious enough to say he has no desire to hurry Imperial federation. We doubt whether his Lordship has gauged the real public opinion of Australia correctly when he maintains that it is more ripe for Imperial federation than it was a few years ago. He is very emphatic that there can be no isolation or separate existence for this or any other colony, or, for that matter, for federated Australia. It is true that rapidity of communication and interchange of commerce is drawing Australia into a close union with tho older world in Europe, but that is quite a different thing from political union. He overlooks the fact that tho spirit abroad is not in favour of political or purely dynastic unions ; it is the spirit of nationality. And with the progress of civilisation and ideas in Australia there must of necessity be a growth of national spirit and a loosen- ing of those political bonds which might involve us in the dynastic or criminal wars of the Continent of Europe, and in which we have not the ghost of an interest. Whatever we may desire as to the Empire as a whole, a community enjoying self government at this distance from the centre must have a national existence apart from the Imperial. It cannot be expected that an Australian-born youth should have precisely the same kind of feeling for-or even loyalty to-England that an Englishman has, though he may be just as faithful to and desirous of co- operating with her. A man who has married a wife and emigrated to another country, feels he is an independent entity, and must take care of himself and his own interests. Of course he would rush to the rescue of his parents, aud make any sacrifice for them if they were in need or danger ; but that is a different matter from remain- ing in unquestioning subordination to his parents. That is exactly the position which we wish to take here, and which the evolu- tion of national life imposes on us. An Australasian federation remaining neutral in a great European war, Lord Carnarvon characterises as an amiable delusion ; for, says he, " none of the great nations and Governments which deal with millions of men and enormous armaments by land and sea would for an instant tolerate the neutrality of a weak State." But as matter of fact they do tolerate the neutrality of small and weak States, such as Switzerland, Belgium, Holland, even Monaco. The nations of Europe are not pirates; public opinion is not dead, and public law has not ceased to exist even for despotic Governments. If the latter con- siderations compel such powers as Germany and France to respect the independence of Belgium, Switzerland, or Holland, which are on their borders, why should they have less effect on Australia, separated from them by half the world ? But, Lord Carnarvon continues, if Queensland or Australia had not the protection of Great Britain she must be absorbed by some other Power which desires to found colonial possessions. It does not at all follow. We do not see this insatiable longing to found colonies instigating Germany or France to take forcible possession of any of the weak South American States. France or Germany may without a hand being lifted by Eng- land against them seize savage countries like Samoa, Raiatea, the Cameroons, or even Tunis, but if they dared to attempt to iand a filibustering expedition -even backed up by their millions at a dis- tance-on any part of Australia there is not a man amongst us who would not fly to arms! The precedent of America Lord Carnarvon thinks worthless. With respect we differ from him. France and Spain had possessions on the American continent as well as Eng- land, yet though that tvas a period when public law aud public opinion had infinitely less force than now, the Governments of these countries did not attempt to seize any part of the United States territory for colonial possessions. The States had a population only equal to that of Australia at the present day, and the means of internal communication for defence par- poses were not a tithe of what we have here. Still the States were powerful enough to wage two successful wais with England while they were yet a young nation. Moreover, the great military and naval armaments of possible envious ene- mies of Australia could not be transported hence. The ships could not traverse the 14,000 or 15,000 milea of ocean and invest any part of Australia without laiger sup- plies of coal thau they could carry. If langlands protects her naval coal depots it would be impossible for an enemy, however theoretically strong, to make a permanent descent upon our shores. While offering this criticism ' of the at- titude taken up by Lord Carnarvon we - should like his Lordship to dismiss from his mind atiy apprehension that the colonies have a desire to throw off their allegiance to England, or to start an independent exis- tence at present. But the way to avert that is for the Imperial Government to persevere in the wise policy which was initiated when first the transportation of criminals from England to Australia was stopped, ou the protest of the colonies, to the serious in- convenience of the home authorities ; and when responsible government was given, involving the fullest possible self-control. "When federation is accomplished-and it is hound to come soon-the united colonies will be the loyal ally of the mother- country, attel not the dependent. Lord Carnarvon suggests that if Australia has not the pro- tection of Great Britain she must seek some other protectress. He is the first to have hinted such a thing and probably he does so to score a polemical point. But we re- pudiate with scorn the idea of seeking any other protestress, or even looking for an alliance with another Power, to the dis- advantage of England. The pride of race would forbid it ; the growing sentiment of nationality would disdain it. What is the secret connected with grow- ing trees that has made it possible to estab- lish a most successful Forestry Department in South Australia, while here the small effort- that have been initiated have almost invariably ended in failure? We say almost, because there is a plantation of pines on Frazer's Island where a number of the young trees have not yet succumbed to the deadening in- fluences that have been too much in other instances. At one time there was a nursery near Chelmer on the railway line, in which young trees were reared. There was also an annual vote for the Frazer's Island plantations - a small vote it is true, but still large enough to provide for the gradual extension of the plantations and the protection of the young trees, and also to serve as a recognition of the necessity for supplying a future want that each day is helping to create through the destruction of the natural forests with which the country was clothed when the white man took possession of the continent of Australia. We have no vote now im- plantations; the nursery across the river has been given up ; the plantations at Frazer's Island are left to the care of a Crown lands ranger and his sou, who havo been compelled to abandon one of them to the strangling embrace of the viues, and to "do the best they can" with the other. Such is the condition of our " Forestry Department " in Queensland, owing to the penuriousuess of a Minister for Lands who thinks nature will supply all that is required if left to herself ! In South Australia, however, there is a Mr. Brown in charge of the Forestry Department, and his desire and efforts to build up a timber industry are not thwarted but aided by successive Governments. If he had beea an officer of the civil service here, his heart would have been broken, for it is in his work, and ho is one of those rare characters in whom is combined enthusiiwm and practical knowledge. Ho has already proved how much can be done by covering land that once had little value with trees that have much value ; and by proving what it is possible to do at a mode- rate cost ho has induced Parliament to "cheerfully grant" year by year the necessary funds, and has now made the de- partment of which he has control almost self-supporting. But he has dono more than this ; he has inspired others with some of his enthusiasm, and many thousands of forest trees are planted each year by muni- cipal councils and ptivate landowners. When we compare the work that has been done in the two colonies during the last four years we are almost tempted to ex- claim, " Oh 1 that South Australia had our Mr. Dutton, and we her Mr, Brown 1 " But let us not be uncharitable. Atonotime the steep sides of thePyrennees were clothed with beautiful trees, but these drew the richness from the soil and cast a shade that prevented the growth of a thick crop of grass. In course of timo, however, the men who grazed their sheep on tho hill- sides found that by destroying the trees the grass came up much thicker and sweeter, and with tho object of improving the country so as to be able to run more stock on it the trees were destroyed, just as they are destroyed in parts of Australia by ring barking. But the improvement was only temporary, for when the small fibrous roots of the dead trees decayed there was nothing to hold the soil together, and the trampling of many hoofs helped to loosen the surface. Then came the necessary consequence. The storms raged on the mountains, the torrents rushed down their sides, and gradually but surely the rocks became exposed as the soil waa washed into the valleys below, and the improved pasture ground became a barren waste. Eventually it was decided to re- plant the hillsides, even though soil had to be taken there to sustain the young trees until they gained strength and were able to nold together the loose particles which washed down from above. When this work was commenced it was estimated to take forty years to complete at a cost of £10,000 a year ! Mr. Brown has not under- taken anything approaching this in its magnitude and cost, but he has already done what in a young colony is perhaps as noteworthy as the Pyrennean task in. a populous country. His difficulty lay in quite another direction. The treeless hills, the parched plain where dust-storms chased each other in whirling columns in summer, aud the keen blast rushed wildly along in winter- these were the enemies with which he had to cope, and there is one place at least in South Australia that bears witness to his skill, for there a snug and pleasant town lies in the heart of au artificially created grove that shuts out the winds and 'the dust of earlier times ; and this work has been done at a very moderate cost, Not here alone has his energy been brought into active operation ; he has plantations, nur eeries,and reservesscatteredover theconntry, and all of these have received his unremit- ting attention, and are yielding most en- couraging returns. According to the ¿South Australian Register-" The results of the last six months' work eclipse all previous records. Taking advantage of the magni- ficent season, Mr. Brown has caused to be planted on various reserves on the railway lines, and at other places temporarily or permanently under his control, some three quarters of a million of trees, of which 694,280 are alive and doing well. In addition to this 300,000 trees have been distributed amongst land- owners entitled by the regulations to re- ceive them, and Lad his meaus been equal to the demands upon him, the number would have been 500,000. Imposing as these figures are, they are far surpassed by those which will represent the transactions of next year. Already there are 2,000,000 plauts in the nurseries available for plant- ing out, and Mr. Brown purposes giving .one-half of these away and using the other half himself." This is a report that ought to encourage others as well as South Aus- tralians. We have immense forests in this colony that some persons think will last for all time. At the Colonial and Indian Ex- hibition we had the finest collection of specimen timbers that have ever been got together probably in any of the colonies ; but were they sent there merely as cuiious exhibits, or to prove to the world that we have untold wealth in these forests of ours? As pretty eui ios, evideully ; for many of those timber- can only nn»v be obtained as specimens with some trouble, aud these the most beautiful of them. Once it was thought that the cedar which grew | on the vine scrubs in New South AVales was sufficient to last for many generations ; but where is it now 1 Practically, it is limited to the head of the Itichmond Uiver, in places that were ones thought to be inaccessible to the lumberers. And the hardwoods that once abounded on the eastern slopes of the Bame colony ? They are almost exhausted. So the work of destruc- tion goes on here ; millions of trees have been waatefully s-crificed ; but apart from this mischievous tendency, the honest demand for timber is surely thinning out the best trees, and the history will by and by have to bo totd of Queensland forests that has already to be told in part, and that will be a mere repetition of what has taken place in every colony that Great Britain possesses. Trees that possess no value take hold of the land as weeds seize upon the neglected cultivated plots ; but to expect really valuable forests to grow up when people are too heedless to attend to them isalmostas unreasonable as to expect lucerne, and oats, and maize to become permanent crops. _ Sir S. W. Griffith hopes to arrivo in Sydney on Monday next, and will proceed to Mel- bourne by the afternoon express in order to ho in time to Btart for Tiisinnnia by the steamer on the l_tli instaut. Tho Governor, accompanied by tho Euri of Carnarvon and a party of guests, including Colonel French, Major Grieve, Major Prichard, and others, paid a visit yostorday afternoon in the steam yacht Lucinda to Lytton, and in- spected tho fortifications there. In the even- ing, the earl was tho guest of tho members of tho Queensland Club at dinner. Tho Hon. A, C. Gregory, M.L.O., president, occupied tho chair, and about sevouty gcntlenion wore pro- sont, including tho Governor, the Chief .Tustico, and Sir Arthur Palmer. The only toasts wero the Queen, the Governor, and the guest of the evening. Tho Earl, iu reply to the latter toast, rando a most graceful speech, acknowledging the unvarying kindness and .hospitality he had received in tho colony, with especial refereneo to tho presont gathering. lu course of his re- marks, Earl Carnarvon rofcrred to Sir U. G.W. Herbert, Permimont Under Secretary for the Colonies, and said the colony of Queensland should feel gratified that so competent a statos man had acquired his politioal education in its own service as Colonial Secretary. Ho also spoke very highly of Sir James Garrick as Agont-General for tho colony. Earl Car- narvon leaves by special train at half-past 11 o'clock this morning for tho Downs, intending to spend some days at Jimbour. A supplement to tho " Government Gazotto" issued yesterday contains a list of medical praotitionors registered in Qtieonsland. Tho post of Nvarden and polico-magwtrato at Gympie, vacated by Mr. AV. 0. Hodgkinson on Mb promotion to the oflico of Minister for Mines and Works, has been conferred by the Govern- ment on Mr. P. F. Sellhoim, gold warden at Charters Towers, whilo tho latter posthns boon offered to Mr. M. AAr. Mowbray, minorai lands commissioner at Herberton. Tnvo promises made by Mr. Hodgkinson while at Chartors Towors have already boon fulfilled. Tho Queen Block Extended mine has been put on tho list to recoivo a part of the deep sinking vote, having excooded tho depth of 900ft., tho payment to bo from that dopth ; and the sale of land at Charters ToNvers, announced ,for the 17th instant, has been withdrawn by the Minister. Although the fact has not yet beou officially announced, it is tvell known, especially in South Brisbano, that tho petition of a majority of the ratepayers in that ward for its orootion into a separate borough has been granted, and that the chango will bo gazotted tq-day. Already the claims of this or that citizen on tho south side for tho position of mayor aro boing can- vassed, and it is evident that, when tho right moment arrives, there will bo no luck of gentle- men willing to serve the offices of mayor, aldermen, toivn clerk, &c.; It will bo remembered that last November an experimental trawl fishing was carried out in tho Bay, from the steamer- Waterlily, tho sea being too rough for tho little steamer to venturo outside. The trip was successful, a fair quantity of good fish being taken. The Government having'noticed the earnest manner in which the promotora of tho scheme fordeop sea fishing wero proceeding, and boing mudo aware that no suitablo steamer for tho pnrposo of testing tho fishing grounds outside Moreton Bay was obtainable, placed the Otter at their disposal for a period of ten days, tho Premier, personally, and quite unsolicited, contributing £5 towards the expenses of a trawling prospecting trip. The gear and ap- pliances usod in November havo been over- hauled and greatly improved, and are now tiuito fit for deep-sea fishing. Moreover, Captain Pago and the first engineer of the Otter, Mr. AVuBon, aro bothwell aequaintod with trawling, and two of tho crew havo had experience of this fishing work the old country, and all of thom aro sanguine of tho result of the present undertaking. The grounds to be tried will bo thoso on the eastern shores of Moreton and Stradbroke Islands and along Bribio as far as Noosa. In estimating the probable success of the expedition it must be borno in mind that those undertaking it go out without any special knowledge of the seasons or the habits of tho fish on the coast. The Otter will leavo Bris- bane at noon to- day, aud it is hoped she will raako a temporary return to tho Breakfast Creek wharf on Monday or Tuesday with a good cargo of fish. Wo understand that, in addition to those immediately concerned in tho trip, Dr. Bancroft, Mr. Tryon, assistant curator, and another officer of the museum, and one or two other gentlemen, will be of tho narty on board the Otter. It is understood that in consequence of lho non-paying character of tho night traffio on tho South Brisbane branch lino of railway, the special trains put on in Juno last will bo dis- continued after next week. The last train will, under the revised arrangement, leave the Stanley-street Station at 0.30 o'clock. An open-air meeting of ratepayers in tho Shire of Windsor, convoued by Messrs. Tutton, Brewor, Hall, Munro, and Paton, for the purpose of discussing the affairs of the shire, was held outside Mr. DoNvnoy's store at Swan Hill last evening. There was a very limited response to the advertisement calling tho meeting. Mr. Tutton having been voted to the chair, called upon Mr. James Scott, whose name had been mentioned as a candidate for a seat on tho council at the forthcoming election. Mr. Scott, in a brief but fiery speech, denounced the policy of the existing council as one of self-interest, to tho detriment of the shire generally, and promised, should he find favour with the ratepayers in the event of, his becoming a candidate, to sink all personal and private interests in the one desire to further the welfare of the shire as a whole, and in fact, using his own words, to " become a model councillor." Before the proceedings terminated the opinion was expressed by several present, that as Mr. Scott's interest in tlie shire was centred in and near the Albion, it would hi desirable to try and obtain the services of a strictly local man to represent the interests of the Swan Hill neighbourhood, but the meeting was unanimous in the cordiality of its vote of thanks to Mr. Scott for tho monly outspoken- ness of his address. Messrs Gordon and Gotch have just published a pianoforte nooturne entitled " Alterniniscence of the Hums of Pompeii," which is the composi- tion of Mr Ludwig Ilosenstengel, jim. The melodies of the various movements are very sweet and flowing, although there is no pre tensiousue&s; about them, nor any i-triviiig after distinctive e fleets ; in fact, the nocturne through- out is simple, and without ehowiness cr display. There are no difficulties in it which the veriest tyro will'find insurmountable, and tho pretti ness of the piece should make it very popular. The printing is hardly up to Messrs Gordon and Gotch's usual -lylo, and tho illustration on tho cover is rather poor. It would also appear that tho proofs have not been very carefully revised, for two or three errors in tho notation havo boen allowed to pass. Theso aro not, however, of a serious character, as they will bo at once observed and corrected by tho per- former. Thomauageinont of Hugo's Buffalo Minstrols announco another new programme for to-night. The company, which is already extremely strong in specialty artists, has boen reinforced by the Woodward Bros.-three gentlemen who havo not hitherto appeared boforo a Brisbane audionce, but whoso remarkable acrobatic per- formances havo won for them a high profes- sional reputation. This evening tho company will appear iu a programmo which it is promised shall surpass any that thoy havo its yot givon. The scone for tho first part has boon specially painted for this occasion by Mr. Goorgo Porri man, and those who enjoy the drollories of negro comedians will find in the sketches to bo introduced by tho Hugo Bros, suflioiont to keep them thoroughly amused throughout tho enter- tainment. Last ovening tho Gaiety Theatre was again filled in every part, und tho " Mother Gooso " pantomimo seoined to amuse and entertain tho audience as muoh as it did on tho opening night. Everything in connection with tho play went admirably, aud the audicneo was kept in the best of humour throughout, as was ovidoncod by tho fnot that, tho principal songs wero encored, while tho loading artists wore mado tho recipients of quite a number of bouquots. A deputation from tho Bulimba Divisional Board., interviewed Mr. Gray, tho Under Colonial Secretary, on Thursday, with re- ference to the proposed alterations iu tho division and tho desirablonoss of avoiding two sots of elections. Mr Gray suggested that, as under tho new Arahnition Act the powers and privilogos of shires mid divisions wore practi- cally tho samo, tho difficulty might bo obviated by withdraNviug tho potitiou for the erection of No. 1 subdivision into a shiro, in which caso the Government would nfc once gazotto tho two iiotv divisions (No. 1 being at once formed into a division instoad of a shiro), so that tho elec- tions could take place at tho timo fixed wider tho Divisional Boards Act. The Undur Secre- tary also advised that a pnblio meeting should ha called at Bulimba to carry tho iden into effect. A meeting of the ratepayers in Kb. 1 sub- division of tho Bulimba Division is called for 8 o'clock on Monday night, in tho Bulimba School of Arts. Tho meeting is summoned for the purpose of taking into consideration tho advisablenpss of forming that subdivision into a shire, or otherwise separating it fiom tho division. Tho body of tho mim Fisher, who fell ovor board from the Gneering at 5.-10 on AVedses day morning, has nut yet been found. Fisher was Bitting on the rail of tho steamer when ho fell, and had been warned against tho danger bj' ono of the crew. Immediately it was known Fisher had fallon, the ship's boat was lotverod, and continued pulling about for half-an-hosir, but all that could bo found was tho unfor- tunate man's hat. At tho time of tho accident a cuttor was astern of tho Gneering, bul thoso aboard it ¡^ suid saw.no traco of Fisher. Tho abovo is Captain Williams's account of tho oc- currence, but it difiera somewhat from that of Henry Larter, tho night ferryman ut Bulimba, who avers that from the timo tho Gneering entered tho reach to the lime she left it she did not stop. Tho ferryman also Btate3 that ho was almost alongside the Gneering when she passed, so that the captain could easily have informed him of the accident, and that it was boforo 5 o'clock in tho morning when tho Gneering passed tho forry. It is stated, too, that tho mato of the dredge was on deck when she passed, but ho was not told of the acci- dent. Fisher was but a young mau, und leaves a wife and child, who íeaide in Oeor¡ro strect, Bowen Ililli. A nasty accident hofoll Wm. Mullahan yes- terday afternoon. It appears that Mullaliau was eagaged making a picture frame, with ono end of the wood against bim, and was in tho act of cutting the rabbet, when the knifo slipped from the wood and entered his breast. The linife, which is an ordinary pocket-knifo, sharp pointed, and with ti Ijin. blado, was quickly pulled out by the sufferer, but there boing no ono in the houso but himself, he had to go a distanco of about 300 yards befuro ho could obtain assistance. In tho inoaiitime ho must have lobt a quantity of blood, for when he arrived at tho hospital, iiiolnirgo of a constable, tho front of his clothes nvus saturated Nvith blood. Tho injured man was attended by Dr. Jackson, and although ho ia sotnowhat weak through loss of blood, fatal roBults aro not anticipated. Mullahaii is a single man, and resided in Amy-Btreot, Spring Hill. Fred Davis, who attempted suicide some timo ago in Edward-street, is reported to bo in a progressive state, so far as bodily health is con- cerned, but ilia mental condition is not yet satisfactory. Mrs. Shaw, tho woman ivlio was knooked down on the racecourse recently, is becoming moro and moro irritablo, and grave fears aro entertained as to whether she will recover her intolleot. John Buckley, a child eight months old, who wob admitted to the hospital on the 18th De- cember, suffering from severe burna, is BtUl in a critical condition ; but Alice Shorten, also eight months old, and udmitted on ChriBtiiiaa Day suffering from scalds, caused by the up Bctting of some tea, is getting on very well. The following has been sent us as a completo account of an accident already reported in our issue of Wednesday last :-A serious accident happened to Mr. Geddes, of Cedar Grove, Logan, on Monday, 2nd instant. Ho was assisting in 'roping a young cow, when, through Borne carelessness, tho stockyard gate was loft open. Mr. Geddes held the ropo, and, the gate being open, the cow rushed through, throNving him dotvn and knocking his head against the gate-post. His foot got entangled in the rope, and ho was dragged a long dis- tance. But for the fact that the paddook tvas clear of fallen timber, and his boot was pulled off, freeing his foot from the rope, ho might have been fatally injured. As it was, he was much bruised, and had his anklo dislocated. Mrs. Geddes lost no time. AVith a good pair of horses and a light buggy he was convoyed in less than six hours thirty-five miles to tho Bris- bane Hospital, where he was promptly attended, and is now doing well as can be expected. A youngster named George Howard was charged before Mr. Pinnock yesterday withsteal ing from a till. The youthful prisoner appeared to be possessed of plenty of self-confidence, and evidently was not much troubled by his position. Howard has been before convicted on a similar charge, and was sentenced to four months' imprisonment, but was let out under the Offenders' Probation Act, on his grand- father signing a bond for £30. Mr. Pinnock called the boy to him, and said that by his bad conduct his grandfather would loose £30. In his (Mr. Pinnock'») opinion he was a confirmed voung criminal, and the only thing that would do him good was to send him to gaol. " You will havo to go to gaol to servo your four months," said Mr. Pinnock. The youngster nodded "Yes," and appeared more pleased than otherwise at the opportunity afforded of distinguishing himself. Mr. Pinnock subse quently remurked that ho would not estreat the grandfather's recognisances. Attention has been culled on moro than one occasion to the state lu? tluj Police Court, and nothing has been doiioj but' it is noNV getting unendurable. Tho stenohyestordaymoniiugNvas sickening, especially to those who wero com- pelled to Bit there during the whole of tho pro- ceedings. Tho room is altogother too small for tho purposes for which it is used, and tho ventilation is extremely bad ; and even without tho unsavoury crowd tvhicli usually gathors there, the smell ia horrible Perhaps a remon- strance from the polico-ningistrato to the autho- rities would result in the nuisance boing. miti- gated to some extont, otherwiso it will bo alloNvod to go on as at present until somo ono dies there. A a meeting of tho local branch of tho Federated Seamen'B Union on Thursday night, Mr. Jamos Johnston, tho president of tho society, was presented with a very handsome clock by Mr. AV. Atkinson, on behalf of tho members. This boing tho first meeting of tho society in the now your, and the commencement of Mr. Johnston's third term of office, tho members of the sooioty determined to mark their appreciation of their president's services by prosonting him with a souvenir which would ahvays bring to his mind lho relation existing between the members of tho socioty und their principal officer. Tho dook boars tho inscription:-"Presented by the members of tho Queensland branoh of the Federated Soaiuen's Union of Australasia to James Johnston for tho mininer in which ho has performed tho duties of president of the society for tho years 1880 and 1SS7." Tho gold escort left Maytown on Thurs- day with UiMoz. of gold. Tho tender of Messrs^ Russell and Radford for railway goods-sheds at Nindooinbah, Codai Grove, ATeresdalo, and Benudosort has been ac- cepted for £8 It. Yot another arrangement has boou como to with rogard to the quarautiniug of the passen- gers by the Bulimba. The Brookhampton pas- sengers, who only number twenty-six, instead of undergoing quarantine in Koppol Bay, will, na a moro convenient arrangement, bo quaran- tined on Peel Island, Moreton Bay, along witjh. tho Brisbano passengers. An already numerously-signed requisition is in oourso of signature requesting Mr. Thomas WolBby to stand for tho East AVard in tho coming munioipal olcctlon. It is understood that Mr. AVelsby will consent to contest tho seat. At tho oxlraordiuary general mooting of tho Great Rod Kock Gold Mining Company, of Fairfield, hold onTkursday, it was found that by tho articles of association tho requisito nuuibor of shares wero not represented to pass a resolu- tion, andtho mooting wastherüforoadjoui-nod.for aweek (till next Thursday at 3 o'clock). Forty - tNvo thousand shares wero represented, and 40,000 wei-0 required. A petition for tho liquidation of tho ostato of AVilliam Roso, bootmakor, of Brisbane, has been filod. Tho schedule bIionvs tho debts at £1597, and the following aro tho principal creditors : -James Huutur, .C231 5s. 3d.; E. T. Neigh- bour, £270 Ss. Id.; T. C. Dixon, £381 lös. 3d.; Turner Bros., Hydo and Co., £253 Is. 8d.; Enoch Taylor and Co., £200 10s. Gd.; Daven- port und Sons, £112 7s. Gd. At tho Police Court yesterday Eiizoboth Kinlooh, in tho employ of tho Singer Sowing Maohino Company's agont in Bris- bane, was ohargod with Jiaving given a receipt without affixing a duty »tamp. Tho dofendant pleadod guilty. Revenue- inspector M'Mahoii oxplainod to tho benoh that the company, or the Brisbano agency, instead of giving a stamped receipt for money paid give a certain number of coupons, ono tor each 2s. Gd., bearing tho initials of tho Brisbane agont. Thus, if u sum of £2 was paid in, as in tho case of an instalment upon a soNviug ma- chino, sixteen coupons would bo given instead of a duly BÙiniped rocoipt for the whole sum. Mr. Pinnock Btatod that he would fino défen- dant £00 if ihcro was any probability ol' tho company paying fio fino for her, but as ho did not think abo was responsible for what sho had dono at tho direction of her master, ho sug- gested to Rovonuo-inspector M'Mahoii to with- draw the chargo, and take proceedings against tho company. Mr. M'Muhon signified his willingness to act upon this plan, and tho was accordingly withdrawn. Mr. Pinnock oxprossed himself .strongly yesterday morning on tho caso against Andrew Byrnes, who was ohurged with assaulting his wife in Ann-street on the 26th Decomber, and tho oxperienoo ho must havo gained sinco arrested, together with tho remarks of Mr. Pinnock, will doubtless doter Byrnes from assaulting his wifo should ho fool bo inclined on a future occasion. It waa with difficulty that Mrs. Byrnes was got into the court to give evidence, and yesterday her fuco boro evidonco that Bhe had mot with rough treatment. She, Iionv ovcr, said her injurie« had been cuusod by falling down tho stops, and that her hus- band had not struck her. In tho face of this Sub-inspector Durham abandoned the case, and Mr. Pinnock, addressing Byrnos, said, " I do not bolievo your wife's statement. Sho ia liko many other women-will do onytliing to savo her husband, hotvever great a bruto ho may bo. It is only because no ono else sa»v you beat her that you got off. I am quito convinced tiiat you did assault her. I can tell you that if it had been proved, you would havo been sen- tenced to six months' imprisonment, and on your relcaso I should have roquirod you to unter into a bond for your good behaviour." Mr. Pinnock also advised him to keep from beating his wifo. On Byrno boing disohargnd hia wifo thanked Mr. Pinnock, but the polico magistrate quickly stopped her with " Don't thank mo, for I am sorry for it ; thank your- self." The Hand of Friendship Lodge, No. 41, I.O.G.T., held its weekly session on Thursday, Bro. Slade,actingAV.O.T.,presiding. ThorotvaB a good miiBtor of members. The lodge being opened with tho usual devotion«, tho minutos of tho previous meeting wero read and adopted, after which three malo candidates wero ad- mitted into the order with the usual ceremonies. After a recesa tho brothers of tho lodge set to work to carry out the deferred programme of the previous meeting-namely, "brothers to surprise Bisters." The surprise took the form of fruit presentation, and Bro. Crawford in the name of tho brothers presented the lodge with a sum of money. Later on each sister received a bouquet. Sister Hutchison, on behalf of tho sisters, thanked tho brothers of the lodge for their enjoyable surprise, after which votes of thanks were passed to tho visitors, and tho lodgo was closed in duo form at 9.50. Wo havo boen requested by Mr. Thorne to state, iu connection with tho report of tho Woolloongabba Divisional Board, that the letter received by tho board from Mr. E. Thorne was not a refusal to forward vouchers, thoso having been previously handed in to tho board, but was a reply to a request from that body to get tho amount vouched for by t.vo other trustees of the park, to the effect that there never having boen of late years moro than him- self and Mr. R. S. Hews concerned in the management of the park it was impossible to accede to that request. A terrific gale of unprecedented violence (says the London correspondent of the Austra- lian Star) burst over the West Indian Islands on SuDilay, 1st Junuary, doing nn immense amount of damage to property and shipping. One schooner capsized, anti t'iirteon of her crow wero drowned. In another caso an enormous wave washed several of the crew of. a British vessel overboard, and another carried them back safe te the ' deck. Rook wero blown off anti forests levelled while it raged. The greatest excitement prevailed! - /I '3,1. 