HIS EMINENCE CARDINAL MANNING. HIS EMINENCE CARDINAL MANNING. Cardinals Newman and Manning* the great | pnlpit orators of the Catholic Chnrch, and . also distinguished men of letters who are fre quently linked together, are both still promt nent figures in the life of England. Through I their printed as veil an their spoken words these eminent divines have very largely influenced the thought of the British people; in fact, their names are known to millions outside the British nation. Cardinal New man is approaching the age of 90; Cardinal Manning, whose portrait we present to-day, is 80, and ia perhaps the more active of the two. Cardinal Newman confines his attention pretty closely to bis famous school near Bir mingham, whioh be founded thirty years ago; whereas his less aged brother is yet to be seen in the busy life of the English metropolis. His Eminenoe Henry Edward Manning, who is Cardinal Priest of the Holy Roman Chnreh and Archbishop of West minster, is the son of the late Mr. William. Manning, M.P., merchant, of London. Br. Manning was born at Toteridge, Hert fordshire, on July 15, 1808, and studied at Harrow and Balliol College, Oxford, where he graduated B.A. in Ant-class honours in 1830,and became Fellow of Merton College. For some years he was a Select Preaoher in Oxford University, and was ap pointed Bector of Laviogton and Grafiham, Sussex, in1834, and Archdeacon of Chichester six years later. Leaving the Established Chnreh in 1851, be went over to the Roman Catholio faith. Entering the priesthood, he was made a D.D. in 1854, and founded, in 1857, an ecclesiastical congregation at Bap water, entitled the Oblates of St. Charles Borromeo. The offices of Provost of the Catholio Archdiooeee of Westminster, Proto notary Apostolic, and Domestic Prelate to the Pope were conferred upon him, and after the death of HisEminenceCardinal Wiseman, MonBignor Manning was appointed Arch bishop of Westminster. Hie consecration took plaoe in June, 1865, and in Maroh. 1875, Pope Pins IX, created him a Cardinal Priest, the title assigned to His Eminence being that of SS. Andrew and Gregory on the Coelian HilL On the lut day of 1877 His Holiness invested him with the Cardinal's Hat in a consistory held at the Vatican. Then as to his numerons theologioal works, whioh have made his name so famous, the titles of whioh alone will comfortably fill a page of an ordi nary magazine. A large number of his works ave been written in defence of the Bomish Church. Before his entrance into the Catholic Church His Eminence wrote fonr volumes of sermons and other works. His first great contribution to literature was "The Grounds of Faith," shortly after he left the Chnreh of England. Following this came his "Temporal Sovereignty of the Popes;" " The Last Glories of the Holy See Greater than the First;" " The Present Crisis of the Holy See Tested by Prophecy," 1861; " The Temporal Power of the Vicar or Jesus ChriBt;" " Sermons on Ecclesiastical Subjects," with an introduction on the relations of England to Christianity; " The Crown in Council on the Eesays and Reviews," a letter to an Anglican friend; "The Convocation and the Crown in Council," a second letter to an Anglican friend ; and "TheTemporalMiaBion of the Holy Ghost, or Reason and Revela tion." His other works include "England and Christendom," "The (Ecumenical Coun cil and the Infallibility of the Roman Pontiff," " The Fonr Great Evils of the Day," "The Fourfold Sovereignty of God," "Cresarism and Ultramontanism," " The In ternal Mission of the Holy Ghost," "The Catnolic Chnreh and Modern Society," and *' The Eternal Priesthood." HiB sermons and pamphletB are indeed too nnmerous to men tion u this brief notice. Not only as a Roman Catholio Prelate and divine bnt also as a eooial and temperance re former Cardinal Manning etandB ont as one of the moBt conspicuous and ablest men of onr time. Within the last decade His Eminence has been partionlarly aotive in the temperance cause—in fact, one of its strongest pillars. It is eaid of HiB Eminence that he is ready for any important public meeting, travelling almost any distance to further the cauBe. A recent writer thns describes the Cardinal'" In the pnlpit his spare fignre j and keen face seem all aglow with the fire of hie words—perfectly simple words, bat showing wonderful knowledge and mastery of human nature. When he drives home a sentence he has an expressive habit of clinohing the rail of the pulpit with both bands, throwing himself back at arm's length ; as he throws his words forward, which iB effeotive as it is peculiar." HiB venerable aspect, his gentleness of disposition, his ardent zeal for their welfare, and his grand old patriarchal manner of dealing with the people win the affection of all classes of the commnnity. 