A WORD FOR THE BIRDS. We are very glad to learn that Die Victorian Poultry and Dog Society liavo entered an emphatic protest against the introduction of cholera microbes into the colony for tho destruction of rabbits. The Society fears that such a step would result in great pecuniary loss to poultry breeders, the disease being the most fatal against which they have to contend. The pecuniary loss is, of course, a result against which the poultry breoders should protect thsmselves by every possible means; but there are other events which may be held to be most unde sirable from both an economical and a humanitarian point of view. We say nothing of the cruel torture that would bo inflicted upon tho poor dumb creatures—tho rabbits —which, oven if they were responsible beings, cannot be held to blame for their presence in the colony, having been brought here whether they would or no, or for in creasing and multiplying their kind accord ing to tho dictates of nature, although a great deal might be said in their defence against inhuman treatment by human hands, to some of which ihey are indebted for tlioir compulsory occupation of those lands. But wo do say that, oven if they deserved to bo punished with the great torments of an oxcruciating disease, wo have no right to subject other members of the brute creation to the danger of a like afflic tion—first, because it would be a most barbarous and merciless procedure, and secondly, because that procedure won Id even tually result not only in a pecuniary loss to poultry breeders, but also in a great domestic loss to the general public. There is no say ing to what extent ilie disease of chicken cholera would spread. It is not likely that it would be confined to the denizens of the poultry yard. All birds would be liable to tho contagion. Every useful and every pretty winged thing among them might be stricken with tho fatal disorder. How many cherished pets might thus sutler and die we liavo no means of calculating ; but tho poultry breeders, who should know, say that there would ba great danger of their broods being sadly decimated. Now if birds that are vigilantly watched and zealously guarded arc liable to be attacked, let us consider what would be the cffcct. of the in troduction of chicken cholera upon tho birds which have no guardians and caretakers—the native birds whose habitue is tho bush amidst tho homes and haunts of the rabbits. Do we want our native birds to be destroyed. If so, we, cannot do better than adopt M. Pasteur's proposed method of extirpating the four-footed foreigners. There is one feathered foreigner whose depredations cause it to be accursed- of the gardeners as the rabbits are of the farmers; but we must pro test against cholera microbes bein;; distri buted for the destruction of evon that pro voking little robber, the sparrow, Tiib Hon. R. Bmihowkx continues tr> improve, and yesterday was again slightly better. The Mayor, Mr. T. J. Connelly, who has been confined to his room for some time past, left for the seaside yesterday. The change was recom- mended by the doctors, and will no doubt restore him to his usual health. Late Delivery.—The subscribers to the Ben DIGO ApVjaitTixE!'. (writes our Castlemaino corres pondent), have for the past four months com plained concerning the late hour at which this journal is placed in their hands. The secref lies with the guar 1 of the first passenger train from Sandhurst, who intermittently conveys not only press parcels, but subscribers' papers, to the next station. We have been aware of this derelic tion of duty for the past three or four months, but would not make it public until circumstances more than warranted the publication of jur grievance. Mining' Acciokst at the Tamuouk v ajor,— Two men named Miller and Roughan were in jured yesterday morning while engaged in the workings of the Tambour Major Company, Specimen Hill. They wore busy cleaving away stuff over one of the passes at the StiS feet levei, when without any wa-ning a block of sandstone slipped from the hanging wall, knocking Konghan over and falling on Miller, pinning him down over the pass. Tho help of til" other men working in the mine was at once obtained, and the unfor tunate young fellow Miller quickly released, Dr. Hugh Boyd having been sent for, at once proceeded to the mine, and finding Miller severely hurt over the hip and lower piirt of the .spine, advised his immediate removal to the Bendigo Hospital. Roughan went to his home at Golden-square, and afterwards called at Dr. Hugh Boyd s surgery, when he had a deep gash on the back of his head dressed. He had also Bomo severe bruises on both shoulders, but otherwise escaped free. Roughan had sounded the piece which fell about 10 minutes previously, and it then appeared all lig- ht". Miller resides at Happy Valley. ' Mr. Grainger subse quently visited the mine. Death of an old Bendigonian.—Another old Sandhurst resident has passed away in the person of Mr. R. L. Dunn, who was well-known in Sand hurst three years ago under the Beehive, and as landlord of the Ellesmere Hotel, New Chum. Deceased died at South Melbourne, to which place he had removed from Sandhurst. Ho was a mem bet- of tho Masonic brotherhood, and the members of the Zenith aiid Corinthian Lodges are requested to foljow his remains from the railway station to the Sandhurst cemetery on the arrival of the 4 o'cloek train to-daj\ Mining Board Election.—The election of the retiring members of the-Mining Board will be held in the various places interested, on Saturday, tho 25th inst', Tho polling places are advertised in to-day's issue. AtEaglehawk, Mr. Berriirian, the retiring member, will be returned, as he is unj ppposed. The same applies to Mr. Cunningham. Of gjJjijgre, At Ilushvvortb, Mr,Crawley, the old member, is not going* to sfcamj again, but fchreo new candidates announce themselves, of whom Mr. Hall is considered a cjrtuintv. At Hcathcote Mr. Debney..will be opposed by Mr, Thom-is, but as far as can be known, the old candidate is safe. The v-irst meetinff.of. the board will be held in accord ance with th? Act on the Oth ol March. Extensive .Frits at Ax;;daLi~.—Oa Sunday afternoon about two o'olock a tire broke out in Mr. Malone's paddock on the Campaspe, whereby a considerable quantity of Ins grass was burned. His stacks had a very narrow escape, and had it not been for the exertions of the neighbours they might have shared the same fate. The fire spread on co Mr. Martin Hums' paddock, which adjoins Malone's, and the grass and fences were all con sumed. Mr. high ••mi, whose paddock.is next ,tp Barn's, lost about 200 acres of grass, and a large quautity; of fencing. ..The fire continued its work of devastation until midnight, when fortunately the rain began to descend and extinguished the names. However, yesterday morning it broke out in some places, but was quickly got under. A quantity of logs and dry timber wore smouldering yesterday. Had it not been for the manner in which the neighbours and navvies engaged in the construction of the railway lino exerted them seives; there is little doubt but tlut a far greater amount of damage would have been done. The fire ran along the Campaspe as far as the M'fvor Bridge, where its progress was stayed by the people. Mr. Heffernan a paddocks, which are on the opposite side of the road, fortunately escapud. Had the fire managed to p.*w over on to Heffer nan's flats, the new railway bridge which is being erected would assuredly have been destroyed, for the thistles on these flats are seven or eight feet hi£h, and of a very inflammable nature. The origin of the fire is at present enshrouded in mystery. Mechanics'. Institute.—-'The ordinary meeting , of the Mechanics'committee was held last evening. Present : Messrs. Oliphaut (president), Hemphill, Scott, Anderson, Cohen, MacGillivray and Coipe The finance committee's report showed subscrip tions for January, £50; accounts passed for pay ment, £S1 12s. 9d.; sinking fund, rent from School of; Mines, £15; Or. balance, £19 5s.; banking account, balance to debit of building fund, £S7 0s° 3d.'; general account, £31 9s. 3d.; total, £118 9s (id. The rep.jrt was adopted. Tho library com mittee reported that 24 new subscribers joined in January.. Receipt was acknowledged of report of Commission on Water Supply; also a photograph of the colonial members of the Imperial Conference, .London. Recommended to be framed. The secretary purchased books to the amount of £33 14s. 4d. Tiie report was adopted. The meeting was then adjourned. New Post Om'ick.—A new post office will be opened at Pme Lodge South, near Shcppartan, to morrow. St. Valentin*. — " The postman's knock" will cause a flutter of excitement this morning, anion0" fair maidens particularly, in many a household. * Methodist Oo.Yi'KRBNCE.— A public meeting ir connection with the Methodist Conference was held last evening at the Calvin-street church I Here was a moderate attendance, and the chair was occupied by the Rev. H. Wa'lis, who delivered an admirable address on "How to make social and public means of graoo profitable and entertaining."' J-his was followed by a practical address by the Key. J. WestcoUon "What are the essentials by which a rich overflow of the Holy Ghost may be obtained. The concluding address was by the lltiv. J. Barningham on "The advantages of family worship. The subsequent portion of the meeting was devoted to personal testimony, hymn singing, and prayers. Goldkn-square Working Men's Club.—The usual monthly meeting of this club was held lasl evening. Present: Mr. Beeson (chairman), and Messrs. J.Bisset, Junes, Montgomery, Matlueson, Bradshaw (treasurer), Hogan (secretarv), Russell, l^ilinore, Tnoinas, Lonsdale, Hewitt, 0''ATeill, and Kev., Buchanan. A letter was read from Mr. C. Petrie, tendering his resignation as teacher of mechanical drawing in connection with the institute which \\\ as received, and it was decided to arrange for another teacher. A discussion ensued, and a complaint made that no portion of the free library grant had been voted to the institute. It was decided that a deputation should wait on the Minister. Mr. Roberts intimated that the cata logue would be completed by the end of the month. In reference to the examination which < takes place next month, Mr. Bradshaw moved that ^Messrs. Beeson, Minto, and Kennedy be as.ced to act as judges. -A sub- committee, consist .inj> of Messrs. Cr, S. Bisset, Beeson, Bradshaw, J. Bisset, Montgomery, and J. Jones was ap pointed to arrange for the prizes. After the accounts had been passed for payment themeetin° closed. ° Long Gully Mechanics' Institutk.—'The usual monthly meeting of this institution was held last evening There were present-Messrs. T. Prout (chair), W Phi pot, senr., R. T. Thomas, .T. A. Hall, J. Shepherd and the secretary (Mr. W. Wilson). Correspondence was read from the City Council in referenco to the grant to the institute, and.from the Chief Secretary, forwarding forms of application for grant. It was resolved that the question of the apparently dispropor tionate allotment of the building grant be left in the hands of the secretary, who was instructed to write to the Sandhurst and Eaglehawk institutes in reference to tile nutter. The following accounts were passed for payment:—Bendigo Gas Co.. Mac.^iy and Co., Miller, Van D.unmo and Sey mour, and the meeting closed. Eaglkiiawk Mechanics' Institute —The com rmttee of this institute met lust Qveninjr (renorts our correspondent). Mr. Kneeboue occupied the ?{r\Y' ar' -n- iere, rV(-'re also indentMessrs. Willan, Griifhths, Murdoch, Crichton, Whitfield, bmith, Btirnside, Green; and the secretary (Mr Abbott). A letter was received from. Mr. I Wauhop inquiring- the price of a room in the institute for school purposes. Mr. Wauhop made an offer of LiO per annum for the use of the room, to be used for d:vy and night classes. After some discussion, Mr. \\\ hitfield moved, and Mr, Mur doch seconded, and it was carried, that the offer i"n fi'1^ ,be :lc.cs?!',te'l- J-'he librarian re pelted t.mt heh.-id received £(> 8s. duriiig the month from various source?. Accounts amounting to £G .. /cl- \v.ove I'-^^'d for payment, and the com mittee adjourned. Ironua.uk Mutiiodist School. — The anniver sary services 111 connection with the Methodist school, Iionbark, were celebrated 011 Sunday. As usual tho bmldbgr was nicely decorated with ever greens and much seasonable fruit. The children were seated 011 a platform erected at the end of the church, their appearance in general being very pleasing The morning and afternoon services were conducted by the Rev. J. L.Green, of Lily dale. I he iKormns discourse was based on the 1st verse or the Iwth chapter of Ecclesiastes. During his re lnaivsattention wasgivenand instruction imparted to both old and young. The afternoon service was also excellently attended, the place being literally cioudcd with all classes snger to listen to the lendition of the singing and recitations, which were iirst-class. In the evening, tlie Rev. E. Turner officiated, and as the weather was intensely hot, brevity was the order; a short thoughtful discourse was based upon the word " Wisdom." The singing portion was ui the very able hands of Mr. Tinkler who led the way with marked ability and precision: As usual, the school-organist was hot iivrinC way defective but, 011 the contrary, performed his c.ities to the satisfaction and pleasure! of all. The recitations, etc., were.the attraction, and, to say the least, tbeiiioFtfastidiousheaier was greeted with yitf thing beyo!i of those who rendered their services. Theconclusion when0 w;'1. tftke this evening, when[ a tea and public meeting will be held. m:ls Cattran will preside, and the choicest of the numerous pieces rendered. -»;ff1STKK the general com mi ,vas the Shamrock Hotel last night inere was a large attendance, Mr. W. Beebe junr. (vice-chairman) occupying tho chair. The progress report of the executive committee and the sports committee report were received and ■vli w" r cT.i ®uSSested that an Easter 1 air Handicap of £100 be given, and that the following events fill the principal part of the pro gramme :-Amateur Bicycle Race, £20 ; Pro fessional Bicycle Race, £25; Tug-of-war, £20; and Hurling1 contest, £20. A long and dreary dis cushion took place on Mr. Van Damme's motion 011 notice that the former resolution be rescinded and that U„! locale of the Pair this year the Agricultural Show Grounds, and it was finally carried by eighteen vote* toll As soon as the result of the votin" was made known Mr. Hutchison gave notice that at 110 next meeting hp would move that tho resolu tion passed that, night be rescinded, and that the ln t,1(* upper Reserve. Messrs. G Reid, Jolmston Anderson, Kerr, M'Intvre, Cou sidine, and Ashby were appointed as a fence and ground committee. On tho motion of Mr. Reed it was decided that 110 ono on the general com - mittee should be appointed to any remunerative position during the fair. The committee then ad journed uutu Monday next at 8 o'clock Dkath.s in Tun HosriTAL—Wm. Lambert aged .4 died in the hospital yesterday from tj phoyl fever. Ho was admitted on 30th January. '/ss7 rHH.l v T 1 7V ad,nitted 24th November, /' "let* 3 tsterday from morbus cordis. ^nSm™T'~7A 3Tul!g 1U of age named Charles Jac.cson, was admitted to tin hospital yesterday, suffering from an , ■ 1 ■ U"Ser8' 16 appears tho ■sufferei was working at the railway station lifting spars of wood with the crane, when sevenng one"1'11" tW0 finEers of the right hand, Sa.lh-—To-day Messrs. II. M. Co., 1,1 conjunction with Messrs. Stern b(Tg Bros., will conduct tho sale of Mr. J. Mln tyres, M.L.A, household effects. As stated.111 yesterday s issue, many valuable paint tiiigs 1.1 addition to first-class furniture, will be i'i- al ?iS- " In tyre has resolved uiran selling everything, and his taste in all artistic matters is unimpeachable, there should be a good attendance of buyers. . Tho sale is announced as unreserved and genuine buyers should obtain good value for their money.. ' It will commence at 11 a.m., and the pictures will be offered about 2 o clock. ^kiousIncidbnt occurred in connection with the P. and O. steamer Shannon, when that vessel was last 1:1. Hobson's Bay Bome months a^o The seventh engineer, a young man, who was on his firBt voyage to sea, obtained leave from his ? to B° on a visit to Melbourne from Wilhamstown. A day or two after (sivb tho i/craW) when tho vessel was about t> sail for Lngland, lie was miseing, and Mr. U alker, the chief engineer, in spite of dilin-°nt inquiries, could not obtain the slightest clue iS^to" hw whereabouts and the vessel'had to sail without ' lnm.. On the last trip of the Shannon, hist, week to this port Mr. Walker was interrogated as to whether ho or the missing man's relations in Eng land had neard of him since the previous visit of the vessel .hero. The reply was that no clue had been obtained as to what had become of the younsr fellow, and the vessel sailed on Friday night a^in for Lngland without any news being obtained of him. His mother and father, who met the Shannon 011 her arrival homo, are nearly distracted at tho news, and their nuspense is naturally intensified by the uncertainty of whether he is dead or alivo A Disease Affecting Cattle.-A correspon dent of the Ituvnnc X;rakl aaya"Acurious and painful disease affecting theeyesof cattlohas broken oujt in the Tfttalw dwfnsjt, Ths first symptom a white spot. 01V tiia pupil of the eye. This rw-idly spreads ovf. the. ivitole eye, at tin: wcne time .gradually changing in color, so that in tho worst stages the eye resembles a piece of raw meat, and the beast becomes totally blind. Some of the farmers-say that.they have seen the same disease j in this district some years ago, and are sanguine of effecting a cure by blowing powdered Milestone or alum into the eye." • .wow. r'J Warden's Courts—There were rb . cases , set down for hearing at this court yesterday/ : ; i The English Football team for Australia. —The English football team which-has been organised by Mr. Lilly white to play a aeries of matches in Australia duririg'the coining season under" the Rugby and Australian rules, includes players belonging to the canities and the univer sities pf Oxford and Cambridge. The team is uow complete (says the Argus) and is only waiting for instructions to sail from Mr. Lilly white. The Heathcote Railway.—Referring to the dissatisfaction which has existed amongst the Heathcote residents in regard to a reply recently received from the Railway Commissioners, to the effect that tenders could not be called for the con struction of tho Heathcote to Kilmorc section of the Sandhurst to Wandong railway before one of the terminal sections had been completed, the. Argus says the grievance of the residents will be laid before the Railway Commissioners to-morrow. It is expected that residents of Tooborod, Pyalong, Costerfield, Reilcastle, ti ray town, Tooleen, and Wild Duck will take part in the deputation, and that it will be accompanied by tho membars of Parliament for Rodney, Dalhousie, and Kilmore. Insuffikncv OF Trucks.—Great eomp'aints are repeatedly rr.ade by the grain buyers at the Tatura railway station owing to the in-iuliieiency of the supply of trucks. The platform was crowded on Saturday (says the Arga?), and a block is taking place, causing much inconvenience and loss. Buyers have requested their constituents to keep the supply back, with the hope of getting somewhat clear. An average of only two and three trucks a day has been available lately, and it is believed that trucks credited to Tatura have been sent on to Kyabram and loaded there. Commissioner Howard, head of the Salvation. Army in Melbourne, proceeds shortly to Englaild; He has just finished an all-round trip of Austra lasia, and is well primed to report to General Booth. Apparently (says the ffcraltl) the General cannot come this year, ai was planned. Col. Pollard will probably take command during the Commissioner's absence. We understand the English War Cry stated some time ago that Col. Barker would return to England, but this arrange ment was altered. Captain Foley, late chief of the Melbourne Prison Gate Brigade, has retired upon a farm up country, and earrius with him the best wishes of the Army. General Booth has returned to England from a visit to Sweden. His next tours will be in France and Holland. Major Vint persoveres with the Salvation Army in Rome with gratifying results, though not so good as in Amsterdam. Colonel Thurman, formerly of Aus tralia, is a great succcss at the Caps of Good Hope. A new monthly magazine-, called the Sepou, started in India, shtws that the work makes hea.lway. Ballington Booth, commanding in America, has presented the General with a grandson. Serious Burning Accident.—About half-past two o'c ock on Saturday morning (says the Riverine Herald) a serious burning accident occurred to Mrs. Thos. Meyer, wife «f the licensee of the Bolvidere Hotel, Fchuca. Mrs. Meyer accidentally set the mosquito curtain around her bed oil fire. In an instant the whole room appeared to bo in a blase, the flames from the bed curtains spreading to a curtain hung across a doorway, and to some dresses hanging near tlie door. With great presence of mind Mrs. Meyer tore down the cur tain, and the children, who screamed, awoke Mr. Meyer, who slept in an adjacent room. Seeing tho fire coming through the door way he rushed in with a large heavy woollen rug and succeeded in putting out the fire. As soon as Mr. Meyer appeared nil the scene Mrs. Meyer fell down in a faint, and when the flames were extinguished Mr. Meyer was surprised to see his wife terribly burned about the face, neck and head. One of the children's hair was slightly scorchedj as was also Mr. Meyer's hair one side. Dr. E ikins was at once sent for, and ho prescribed for Mrs. Meyer, who is still confined to her bed. There is 110 doubt that owing to the courageous action of Mrs. Meyer a very serious fire was averted, for had she gone out to rouse her husband the flames must have communicated with the paper and lining, of which the walls and ceiling were composed. A1 Frightened Officer.—During the heavy thunderstorm on Sunday evening, the telephone wire's at the Telephone Exchange, West Mel bourne, were affected by the lightning, and several of the shutters fell down. The officer in charge, a man about twenty years of age, named W. II. Mattherson, not understanding the instruments, aske I the police station what to do, and was told by the officer in charge to keep away from the instruments whilst the lightning lasted, or lie would be injured. This so frightened Mattherson that he locked up the building and left it. The Insurance Fire Brigade and others (says the Tele graph.) being unable to get tha Exchange, went to see what was the matter, and Mattherson arrived 011 the scene to find a ladder against the wall. Ho inquired whether there was a fire. "No," replied the superintendent; " but are you supposed to be in charge?" '"Yes," replied the lad; "but I wouldn't stop in that room 011 any account. It's dangerous. Aftir a short conversati >11,'during which Superintendent Stein pointed out the danger of leaving the building without any one in charge he consented to go up and put the lines in working order. A Child Burned to Death.—There was a fear ful scene in Gladstone place' at the back of the Montague railway station, 011 the Port Melbourne line early yesterday morning. A man named M'Loughlin, his wife, their child Maggie, aged 3, and their baby were asleep in a room in the centre of the ground floor of a house there (says the Telegraph) and some seafaring men wore sleeping in an upstairs room at the rear, when an alarm of. fire was raised. The front of the place was almost immediately in flames, and the M'Loughlius had only time to rush out in their night attire. They took tho baby, but forgot Maggie. Mrs. M'Loughlin ran into the dirty right-of-way at the rear, and full into the gutter. It was impossible to re-enter the house, an'd when after half-an- hour's hard work, the South Mel bourne Counoil firemen (who were first 011 the scene), the South Melbourne proper, and the In surance firemen had put the fire out, search was niado for the little girl. After half-an-hour's turn- ! ing over of the debris her charred little body was ! found behind a large box in the shop. She had \ ; ruu into the shop after her parents, and crept be-j hind the box. The stairs leading tu the upstairs J room at tho rear were burned away, and the sailors ' had to let themselves down by means of a tackle and rope. The neighbours took their furniture out into the street, and a great deal of damage was done. The premises are insured, but not the stock. Shocking Tragedy at Corowa.—A shocking tragedy occurred at Corowa late 011 Friday night. A.mail named Murdoch M'Lean called at a house occupied by a farmer named O'Sullivan (savs the Argus), and endeavored to force his way iii, first of all walking round the house with his boots onand afterwards with them olf. Charles O'Sullivan, aged IS, his mother, and a little girl were the only inmates of tho cottago. When M'Lean knocked at the door young O'Sullivan called out, " Who are you ? don't come into the house or I'll fire." He received no reply, but the demands for ad mission continued. Mrs. O'Sullivan then hastily dressed, opened the door, and held a candle out to see who was there. M'Lean shoved the door open, and Mrs. O'Sullivan, fearing violence, retreated into the house and screamed, while young .O'Sullivan, standing a few feet off with a loaded gun, fired at th= intruder. The shot struck M'Lean on the collar-bone, shattering it fearfully, and the wounded man, falling on his face, died almost im mediately O'Sullivan immediately gave himself up to the police. A coroner's jury returned a verdict equivalent to manslaughter, and O'Sullivan was committed for trial. A Swarsi of Mosquitoes.—A correspondent of the Ballarat 'Star writes" Some years ago an account appeared in the Melbourne papers of the finding of 21b. weight of mosquitoes in a semaphore at North Melbourne. Some persons doubted the accuracy of the statement. What will those doubters say to this:—On Wednesday last, about 11 p 111., the office of the Burrumbeet railway sta tion suffered from an inroad of mosquitoes and gua's of several kinds to such an extent that the porter 011 duty could hardly see to perform the slight clerical duties demanded of him at that hour. Having put out all lights except the large one outside, the swarm p:issed out of the office and began to cluster round the lamp and verandah post until they formed a living mass,obscuring die light. Then they commenced to fall in masses which would fill a bucket. On tho iiioruinnr of Thursday, which was cold, they formed a com plete cariiet, at least six inches deep and eWit feet square, the whole being; about an ordinary cart load. To carry them away in bueketsful, and burn them on some piles of rubbish and straw, oc cupied the porter more than hour. A"ain' on Friday night and Saturday morning the sai thing occurred, though to a less extent. Such inroad as this does not often occur, and ou"lit to ba recorded.1' ° Traffic Returns.—'Tho Victorian Railways traffic returns for the week ended 9th February show the following results, the number of niiles open being 1,949, as against ■ 1.812 for the corres ponding period of 1887. Total returns for the week ended 93 19s. -Id.; for corres ponding period of 1887, Lf>l,93r> 9s. 7(1. A"-gre~ate to date from 1st July, LI,1137,272 15s. 4d ; "for cor responding period in 1S87, Ll,49t>,156 18s !)d Weekly average (32 weeks)—L5L1C4 los. o'd : 18S7, L46,7n4 18s. Id. , ou'' 