THE FATAL THREE; A NOVEL. BY M. B. BB ADDON. Author of "Lady Audley'a Secret," "Vixen,' " Iehmael," "Like and Unlike," dec., Ac. BOOK THE 8ECOND. LACHES1S, OB THE BEGINNING OF DOOM, CHAPTER L A WIFE AHD HO WIEE, Mr. Castellani's existence was one of those - sooiai problems about which the idle world ■ loves to speculate, Theie are a good many people in London to whom the idea of a fourth dimension is not half so interesting as the notion of a man who lives by hiB wits, and yet oontrives to get himself dressed by a. - good tailor, and to obtain a footing in some ot toe best houses at the smart end of the town. This problem Caesar Castellani had . offered to the polite world of London for the last three seasons. Who is Mr. Castellani, was a question still asked by a good many people who invited the - gentleman to their houses, and made much of his talents. He had not foroed an entrance - into society; nobody had ever denounced him as a pushing person. He had slid so insi diously into nis place in the sooiai orbit that. people had not yet left off wondering how he came there, or who had been his sponsors^ This kind of epecnlation always stimalateB the invention of the olever people; and - these affected to know a good deal more about Mr, Castellani than he knew about bluiBelf, "He came with magnificent credentials,, and an ncconnt was opened for him at Conttses before he arrived," said Magnus Dudley, the society poet, flinging back his long hair with a lazy movement of the large - languid heed. " Of coarse you know that he - is a natural eon of Cavoor'e ?" " Indeed—no—I never heard that. He is - not like Cavour." " Of course not, but he is the image of his • mother—one of the handsomest women in. Italy—a dnoheee, and daughter of a Soman nobleman who could trace his descent in a clear line from the Imperial house. Castel lani has the blood of Germanio in his veins."' " He looks like it; but I have heard on, Sretty good authority that he is the Bon of a. [eapolitan mosio master." "There are people who will tell you his father wheeled a barrow and sold penny ices- - in Wbiteohapel," retorted Magnus, "People- - Tims and in mnoh otherwise did sooiety speonlate; and in the meantime Mr. Castel lani'e cirole waa always widening. His book1 had been jnst audacious enough and jnet. clever enough to make its mark. "Nepenthe" had been one of the ancoeseea of the season, before last, and Mr. Castellan! was hence forth to be known as the anthor of" "Nepenthe." He had tonohed upon many things below the stars and some things beyond, them. He had written of other worlds with the confidence of a man who had been there* He had written of women with the air of a Ca.fi de Paris Solomon; and of men with the tone of a person who had never met one. A man who conld write a snooessfnl book and could play and sing divinely was a person to be cultivated in feminine society. Very few men cared to be intimate with Mr. C&a; tellani, but among women his influence was indisputable. He treated them with a courtly deference which charmed them, and he made tbem his slaves. No Orients! despot ever ruled more oompletely than Caea&r; Castellan! did in half a dozen of those drawing-rooms which gave the tone to scores of other drawing-rooms between Mayfair and Earls Court. He contrived to be in request from the dawn to tbe close of the London season, and he bad made a favour of going to Biver dale, and now, although it suited his purpose to be there, he made a favour of fife pro longed visit. "If it Were not for tbe delight of being here I should he in one of the loneliest valleys in the Tyrol," he told Mrs. Hilleredou; " I have never stayed in England so long after the end of the season. A wild longing to break loose from the bonds of Philistinism s generally eeiiee me at this time of year. I want to go away, and away, and ever away from my fellow-men. 1 should like to go and live in a tomb, like Ooida'a Italian beroine. My thirst for solitude is almost a disease." This from a man who spent the greater part of his existence dawdling in drawing rooms and boudoirs sonoded paradoxical ; bat paradoxes are accepted graciously from man who has written the bock of the season. culs<. fiillereden treated Castellani like a avourtw At his bidding she bronght oat the old guitar whioh had slumbered in ite case for nearly a decade, and sang the old Spanish songB, and etrnck the strings with tne old dashing sweep of the taper hand and graceful curve of the rounded arm. " When you ring I oonld believe yon any age yon like to oallyonreelf," said Castellani, lolling along the sofa beside the low chair in whioh she was sitting1 ceass even to envy the men who knew yon when yon were a girl." "My dear Castellani, I feel old enoagh to be yoar grandmother; unless yon are really the person 1 sometimes take you for" " Who is that " The Wandering Jew." "No matter what my creed or where I have wandered, since lam eo happy as to find a haven here. Granted that I can re member Nero's beautiful EmpreBB, and Faus tina, and all that procession of fair women who illuminate the dark ages—and Mary of Sootland, and Emma Hamilton, blonde and brunette, pathetio and espifegle, every type and every variety. It ie enough for me to find perfection here," " It yon only knew how eick I am of that kind of nonsense," said Mrs. Hillersdon, smiling at him half in amusement, half in bitterness. " Ob, I know that yon have drank the wine of praise and worship to satiety. Yet if yoa ana I had lived upon the Bame plane I would have taught yon that among a hundred adorers one could love yon better than all the rest. But it is too late. Our souls may meet and touoh perhaps in a new incarnation." "Do you talk this kind of nonsense to Mrs. Greswold—or her niece ?" "No; with them I am all dnlness and propriety. There is nothing simpatioa in either of them. Miss RanBome is a frank, good-natured girl—much too frank—with all the faults of her specieB. I find the average girl always detestable." " MisB Esnsome has abont fifteen hundred a year. I suppose you know that ?" " Hub she really ? If ever I marry I hope to do better than that," answered Cesar with delightful insolence. " She woald be a very nioe match for a country parson; that Mr. Kollinsou, for instanoe, who iB getting up the conoert." " Then Miss Bansome is not your attraction at Enderby. It is Mrs. Greswold who draws yon." " Why should I be drawn?" he asked with his languid air. " I go there in sheer idle ness, They like to hear me play or sing; they fool me and praise me; and it iB nice to be fooled by two pretty women." "Does Mrs. Greswold take any part in the fooling ? She looks like marble. "There is flame tinder that marble. Mrs. Greswold is romantically in love with her husband; but that is a complaint whioh is not incnrable." " He is not an agreeable man," said Louise, remembering how long George Greswold and his wife bad held themselves aloof from her. "And he does not look like a happy man." " He is not happy." "You know something about him—more than we all know?" asked Louise, with keen curiosity. " Not muoh. I met him at Nioe before he came into his property. He was not a very fortunate person at that time, and he doesn't care to be reminded of it now." "Was he ont-at-elbowe, in debt?" " Neither. His troubles did not take that form. But I am not a gossip. Let the past be past, as Goethe saya. We can't ohange it; ana it is charity to forget it. If we are.not snre about what we touch, and hear, and Bee : fancy we hear and touoh and see—in the present, how much less can we be sure of any reality of external existence in the past, is all done away wich—vanished. How can we know that it ever was. A grave here and there is the only witneBB, and even the grave and the came on the headstone may be only a projection of onr own consciousness. We are such stuff as dretunB are made of." " That is & politely circuitous manner of re fusing to tell me anything abont Mr. Greswold when—his name was Ransoms. No matter. I shall find other people to tell me the scandal, I have no doubt. Yonr prevarication assures me that there was a scandal." This was on the eve of the concert at Enderby, at about the same honr when George Greswold showed Mildred his first wife's portrait. Castellani and his hostess were alone together in the lady's morning room, while Hillerston and his other guests were in the billiard-room on the opposite side of a broad corridor. Mrs. JSillersson had a way of turning over her visitors to her husband when they bored her. GuBts of noise land laughter oame across the corridor now and again, as they played pool. There were times when Louise was too tired of life to endure the burden of common-place sooiety. She liked to dream over a novel. She liked to talk with a clever young man like Castellani. His flatteries amused her, and brought back a faint flavour of youth, a dim rememberance of the day when all men bad praised her, when she had known herself eeoure in the pre-eminence of her charms, without a rival. Now other women were beautiful, and Bhe was only a tradition. She bad toiled hard to live down her past, to make the world forget that she had ever been Louise Lorraine; yet there were moments in which she felt angry to find that old per sonality of hers so utterly forgotten, when she was tempted to cry out, " What rubbish you talk about your Mrs. Egremont, your Mtb. Linlev Varden, your professional beantieB, and fine lady aotreBses. Have you never heard of me—Louise Lorraine !" The drawing-rooms at Enderby Manor had been so transformed under Mr. Castellani's superintendence, and with the help of his own dexterous hands, that there was a una nimous expression of surprise from the county families as they entered that region of sub dued light and assthetio draperies between 3 and half-past 3 o'clock on the afternoon of the concert. The Broadwood grand Btood on a platform in front of a large bay window, draped as no other hand oonld drape a piano, with dark \- Oriental enrtains and Algerian fabrios, striped with gold, and against the sweeping folds of riohest colour rose a group of tall golden lilies ont of a great yellow vase, one of Mintnn'a chef (Cceuvres, More flowers were massed near the end of the piano, and a few of the most artistic ohairs in the house were placed about for the performers. The plat form, instead of being as other platforms, in a straight line across one side of the room, was placed diagonally, so as to present the more picturesque effect of an angle in the baok gronnd, an angle lighted with tall lamps and clnsters of wax candles, a stage which looked like a shrine. All the windows had' been darkened save those in the farther drawing-room, whioh opened into the garden, and even these were shaded by Spanish hoods, letting in ooolness and the eoent of flowers, bat little daylight. Thus the only vivid light was on the plat* form. . ... The auditorium was arranged with a certain artiBtio carelessness; the ohairs in curved lines to accommodate the diagonal line of the platform, and this fact, in conjunction with the prettiness of the stage, put every one fn good temper before the concert began. The concert was as other concerts, clever amateur singing, decent amateur playing, fine voices cultivated to a certain point, and stopping just short of perfect training. Cesar Castellani's three little songs—words by Heine—setting by Schubert and Jensen were the hit of the afternoon. There were few eyes that were nnolonded by tears, even among those listeners to whom the words were in an unknown langnage. The pathos was in the voice of the einger. The dnet was performed with amplomb, and elicited an encore, on whioh Pamela and Castellani sang the old-fashioned "Flow on, thon shining river," whioh pleased elderly people, moving them like a reminiaoenoe of long vanished yonth. Pamela's heart beat furiously as she heard the applause, and she curtsied herself off the platform in a whirl of delight. She felt that it was in her to be a great public singer—a second Patti—if—if she could be taught and trained by Castellani. Her head was full of vague ideas—a life devoted to musio—three years' hard study in Italy—a debut at La Scala— a world-wide renown achieved in a single night. She even wondered how to Italianise her name. "Bansomini! No that wonld hardly do. Pamelani—Pameletta ? What awkward names they were—Christian and surname both." And then, orimsoning at the mere thonght, she saw herself announced in large letters— Madame Castellani. How mnch easier to make a great name in the operatio world with a husband to fight one's battles and get the better of managers. " With an income of one's own it ought to be easy to make one's way," thought Pamela, as she stood behind the long table in the dining-room, dispensing tea and ooffee, with the assistance of maids and footmen. Her head was so full of these bewildering visions that she was a little less on the alert than she ought to have been for shillings and half-orowns, insomuch that a few elderly ladies got their tea and ooffee for nothing, not being asked for pajrment, and preferring to consider the entertainment gratiB. | Mildreds part of the concert was per formed to perfection—not a false note in an accompaniment, or a single fault in the tempo: Lady Millborougb, a very difficult and exact ing personage, deolared she had never been so well supported in her cheval de bataille, the grand scena in " La Gazza Ladra." But many among the audience remarked that they had never seen Mrs, Greswold look so ill; and both Mr. Kollinson and Mr, Castellani were seriously concerned about her. " You are as white as marble," said the Italian. " 1 know you are Buffering." " I assure you it is nothing. I have not been feeling very well lately, and I had a sleepless night. There is nothing that need give any one the slightest concern. You may be sure I shall not break down. _ I am very much interested in the painted window," she added, with a faint smile. " It is not for our oonoert that I fear," said Castellani, in a lower voice. " It is of you— and your suffering I am thinking." George Greswold did not "appear at the concert. He was engaged elsewhere. " I cannot think how Uncle George allowed himself to have an appointment at Salisbury this afternoon," said Pamela. " I know he doatson muBic." " Perhaps he doesn't doat upon it quite so well aB to like to see his house turned topsy turvy like this," said Lady Millborough, who would have Been every philanthropic scheme in the county oollapse for want of funds rather than have allowed her own sacred drawing-room to be pulled about by amateur scene-shifters. Mrs. Hillersdon and her party occupied a prominent poBitioD near the platform, but that lady was too clever to make herself con spicuous. She talked to the people who were disposed to friendliness—their numbers had increased with the advancing years—and she placidly ignored those who still held them selves aloof from " that horrid woman." Nor did she in any way appropriate Castellani as her special proteg6, when the people round her were praising him. She took everything that happened with the repose which stamps the caste of Yere de Vere, and which may often be found among women whom the Vere uc Tcics uco|jiec» All was over; the last of the carriages had roiled away. Castellani had been carried off in Mrs. Hillersdon's barouche, no one invit ing bim to stay at the Manor House. Mr. Bollinson lingered to repeat his effusive thanks for Mrs. GreBwold's help. " It haB been a glorious success," he ex claimed ; " glorious 1 Who would have thought there was so much amateur talent available within 30 miles? And Castellani was a grand acquisition. We shall clear our £70 for the window. I don't know how I can ever thank you enough for giving ub the use of your lovely rooms, Mrs. Greswold, and for letting us pull them about as much as we liked." " That did not matter—much," Mildred said faintly, as she stood on the threshold of the ball door in the evening light, the curate lingering to reiterate the assurance of his gratitude. "Everything can be arranged again—easily." She was thinking, with a dull aehingat her heart, that to her the pulling about and dis arrangement of those familiar rooms hardly mattered at all. They were her roomB no longer. Enderby waB never more to be her home. It had been her happy home for thirteen gracious yearB—years clouded with but one natural sorrow, in the loss of her beloved father. And now that father's ghost roBe up before her, a pale and awful figure, and Baid, " The sins of the fathers shall be visited upon the children, and because of my sin yon must go forth from the home yon love and forsake the husband of your heart." She gave the curate an icy-cold hand, and turned from him without another word. " Poor soul, she is dead beat," thought Mr. Bollinson, as he trudged home to his lodgings over a joiner and builder's shop, airy and comfortable rooms enough, but odorous with the soent of sawdust, and noisy with the noise of carpenter's work. He conld hat think it odd that he had not been asked to stay and dine, aB he would have been in the ordinary course of events. He had told the builder's wife that he should most likely dine out, whereupon that friendly sonl had answered, " Why, of course they'll ask you, Mr. BolUnson, they're always glad to see you." And now he had to go home to solitude and a freBh-killed chop. It wbb 7 o'clock, and George Greswold had not yet come home from Salis bury. Very few words had passed between bim and his wife since she fell fainting at his feet last night. He had summoned her maid, and between them they had brought her back to conBciousDess and half carried her to her room, She would give no explana tion of her fainting fit when the maid had left the room, and ehe was lying on her bed, white and calm, with her husband sitting by her side. She told him that she was tired, and that a sudden giddiness had come upon her. That was all he could get from her. " If you will ask me no questions, and leave me quite alone, I will try to sleep, so that I may be fit for my work in the concert to morrow," she pleaded. "I wonld not dis appoint them for worlda." "I don't think yon need be over anxions about them," said her husband bitterly. "There is more at stake than a painted window; there is your peace and mine. Answer me only one question," he said, with intensity of snrpose, " had your fainting fit anything to do with the portrait of my first wife?" "I will tell you everything—after the con cert to-morrow," she answered; " for God's sake leave me to myself till then." " Let it be as you will," he answered, rising suddenly, offended by her retioence. He left the room without another word. She sprang np from her bed direotly he was gone, ran to the door and locked it, and then Bung herself on her knees npon the prie-dieu chair at the foot of a large carved ivory crucifix which hung in a deep recess beBide the old-fashioned fireplace. Here she knelt, at intervals, in tears and prayer half through the night. At other times she walked np and down the room absorbed in thought, by the dim light of the night lamp. When the morning light aame she went to a bookcase in a little closet of a room opening out of the spaoious old bedroom, a case con taining only devotional books—and of these she took out volume after volume—" Taylor's fiule of Conscience." "Hooker's Religions Polity," Butler, Paley—one after another, turning oyer the leaves, looking through the indexes—searching for something which she seemed nnable to find anywhere. " What need have I to see what others have thought," she said to herself at last, after repeated failure, "he knows the right. I could nave no better guide than his opinion, and he has spoken. What other law do 1 need. Bib law is the law of God." Not once did her eyes close in sleep all through that night, or in the sunny morning hours before breakfast. She made an excuse for breakfasting in her dressing- room, a large, airy apartment, half boudoir. She was told that Mr. Greswold had gone out early to see some horses at Salisbury, and would not be back till dinner-time. He was to be met at the station at half-past 7. She had her morning to herself to do what she liked with it. Pamela was rehearsing her part iu the duet, and in "Flow on thou shining river," which waB to be sung should there be an encore. That occupation, and the arrangement of her toilet, occupied the Soung lady till luncheon—allowing for half ourly rushes about the lawn and shrubberies with Box, whose health required activity, and whose social disposition insisted upon companionship. "He can't get on with only Kassaudra. She hasn't intelleot enough for him," said Pamela. It was only ten minutes before the arrival of the performers that Mrs. Greswold went downstairs, pale as ashes, but ready for the ordeal. She had put on a white gown with a little scarlet ribbon about it, lest black should make her pallor too conspicuous. And now it was nearly 7o'clook, and she was alone. The Curate had been right in pronouncing her dead beat, but she had some work before her yet. She had been writing letters in the morning. Two of these she now piaced on the mantelpiece in her bed room; one addressed to her husband, the other to Pamela. She had a bag packed—not one of thoBe formidable dressing bags which weigh fifteen to twenty pounds—but a light Russia leather bag, just large enough to contain the essen tials of the toilet. She put ou a neat little black bonnet, and a travelling cloak, and took her bag and umbrella, and went down to the hall. She had given orders that the carriage should call for her before going to the Btation, and she was at the door ready to step into it when it oame round. " Put me down at Ivy Cottage, Brown," she said to the coachman, and was driven off unseen by the household, who were all in dulging in a prolonged talk and tea drinking after the exoitsment of the concert. Ivy Cottage was within five minutes' walk of Komsey Station, a little red cottage, newly built, with three or four ivy plants languishing upon a slack- baked brick wall, and just enough garden for the proverbial cat to disport himself at his ease—the swinging of oats being no longer an English sport. There was nothing strange in Mrs. Greswold alighting at Ivy Cottage—unless it were the hour of her visit—for the small briok box was occupied by two maiden ladies of small means—one a confirmed invalid, the other her constant and patient nurse, whom the lady of Enderby Manor often visited, and in whom she was known to be warmly interested. Brown, the coachman, concluded that his mistress was going to spend a quarter of an hour with the two old ladies, while he went on and waited for his master at the station, and that he was to call for her on her return. Be did not even ask for her orders upon this point, taking the thing for granted. He was ten minutes too soon at the station, as every well-conducted coachman ought to be, leBt, by leaving no margin for accidents, he should be tco late. "Iin to call for my mistress, sir," he Baid, as Mr. Greswold stepped into the brougham, " Where?" " At Ivy Cottage, sir—Miss Fisher's." "Very good." The brougham pulled up at Ivy Cottage, and the groom got down and knocked a resounding peal upon the Queen Anne knocker. Hardly possible nowadays to find a knocker that is not after the style of Queen Anne, or a newly built twenty-five pound a year cot tage in any part of England that does not offer a faint reminiscence of Bedford Park. The groom made his enquiry of the startled little maid-of-all-work, It years old last birth day, and already aspiring to better herself as a vegetable maid in a nobleman's family. Mrs. Greswold had not been at Ivy Cottage that evening. George Greswold was out of the brougham by this time, bearing the girl's answer. " Stop where you are," he said to the ooach man, and ran back to the station, an evil augury in his mind. He went to the np-platform, the platform at which he had alighted ten minutes before. "Did you see Mrs. Greswold here just now?" he asked the stationmaster with as natural an air as he could command. " Yes, sir. She got into the up train, sir— the train by which you came. She came out of the waiting-room, sir, the minute after you left the platform. You must just have missed her. "Yes, I have just missed her." He walked up and down the length of the platform two or three times in the thicken ing dusk. Yes. he had missed her. She had left him. Snch a departure could mean only severance—some deep wound which it might take long to heal. It would all some right byand-by. There oould be no such thing as parting between man and wife who loved each other as they loved—who were incapable of falsehood or wrong. What was this jealous fancy that had taken possession of her, this unappeasable jealousy of the dead past—a passion so strong that it had prompted her to rash away from him in this clandestine fashion, to torture him by all the evidences of an inconsolable grief. His heart was heavy as despair itself as he went back to the carriage, helpless to do anything except go to bis deserted home, and see if any explanation awaited him there. at was half-past 8 when the carriage drove np to Manor Honse, Pamela ran out into the hall to receive him. " How late yon are, uncle," she cried, "and I can't find aunt. Everything is at sixes and sevens. The eonoert was a prodigious success —and—only think—/was enoored." "Indeed, dear 1" " Ycb, my duet with him; and then we sang the other. They wonld have liked a third, only we pretended not to understand. It would have made all the others so fearfully savage if we had taken it." This speech was not partioularly Incid, bnt it might have been clearer and yet unin telligible to George Greswold. " Do yon mind eating your dinner alone to night, my dear Pamela?" he said, trying to speak cheerily. " Your aunt is out—and I— I have some letters to write, and I lunohed heavily at Salisbury." His heavy luncheon had consisted of a biscuit and a glass of bitter ale at the station. His important business had been a long ramble on Salisbury Plain alone with his own troubled thoughts. The horses were purely imaginary, "Did your mistress leave any message for me ?" he asked the bntler. "No, sir. Nobody saw my mistress go out. When Louisa went np to dress her for dinner she was gone, sir—but Louisa said there was a letter for you on the bedroom mantelpiece. Shall I send for it, sir ?" "Ho, no—I will go myself. Serve dinner at once. Miss .Ransoms will dine alone." George Greswold went to the bedroom— that fine old room, the real Queen Anne room, with thick walls and deep-set windows, and old window seats, and capacious recesses on each side of the high oak chimney-piece, and richly- moulded wainscote, and massive panelied doors amidst which it is a privilege to exist—a spacious, sober, old room, with old Dutch furniture, of the pre- Chippendale era, and early English ohina, Worcester simulating oriental, Chelsea striving after Dresden; a glorious old room, solemn and mysterious as a Churoh in the dim light of two wax candles which Louisa the maid had lighted on the mantelpiece. There, between the candles, appeared the two letters. " George Greswold, Esq." "Miss Ransome." The husband's letter was a thick one, and the style of the penmanship showed how the pen had hnrried along, driven by the eleotrio forceB of excitement and despair. " My beloved, " You asked me last night if the photograph which you showed me had anything to do with my fainting fit. It had everything to do with it. That photograph is a portrait of my unhappy sister,, my cruelly-used, unac knowledged sister; and I, who have been your wife fourteen years, know now that our marriage was against the law of God and man —that I have never been legally your wife— that our union from the first has been an unholy union, and for that unlawful marriage the hand of God has been laid upon us— heavily—heavily—in chastisement, and the darling of our hearts has been taken from us, " ' Whom He loveth He chosteneth.' He has chastened us, George—perhaps to draw ub nearer to Him. We were too happy, it may he, in this temporal life—too mush absorbed by our own happiness, living in a charmed oirole of love and gladness, till that awful chastisement came. " There is but one course possible to me, my dear and honoured hnsband, and that course lieB in life-lone separation. I am running away from my dear home like a criminal, because 1 am not strong enough to stand face to face with you and tell you what must be. We must do our best to live out our lives asunder, George—we must never meet again as wedded lovers—such as we have been for fourteen years. God knows my affection for yon has grown and strengthened with every year of union ; and yet it seems to me on looking back that my heart went out to you in all the fulness of an infinite love when first we stood, baud clasped in hand, heside the river. If yon are angry with me, George—if you harden your heart againBt me because I do that wbich I know to be my duty, at least believe that I never loved you better than in thiB bitter hour of parting, I spent last night in prayer and thought. If there were any way of escape—any possibility of living my own old happy life with a clear conscience, I think God would have shown it to me in answer to my prayers; but there was no ray of light, no gleam of hope. Conscience answers sternly and plainly. By the law of God I have never been your wife, and Bis law commands me to break an unhallowed tie, although my heart may break with it. " Do you remember your argument with Mr. Cancellor? I never saw you so vehe ment in any such dispute, and you took the side which I can but think the side of the Bvil One. That conversation now seems to me like a strange foreshadowing of sorrow—a lesson meant for my guidance. Little did I then think that this question could ever have any bearing on my own life; but I recall every word now, and I remember how earnestly my old master spoke—how fear lessly he held to the right. Can I doubt his wisdom, from whose hps I first learnt the Christian law, and in whom I first saw the Christian life. " I have written to Pamela begging her to stay with you, to take my place in the house bold, and to be to you as an adopted daughter. May God be mercifnl to us both in this heavy tried, George. Be Bore he will deal with us mercifnlly if we do our duty according to the light that is given to us. " I shall stay to-night in Queen Anne's gate with Mrs. Tomkinson. Please send Louise to me to-morrow with luggage for a long absence from home. She will know what to bring. Tou can tell her that I am going abroad for my health. My intention is to go to some small watering-place in France or Germany, where I can vegetate, away from all beaten tracks, and from the people who know us. You may rely npon me to hear my own harden, and to seek sympathy and honsolation from no earthly comforter. "Do not follow me, George—should yonr heart nrge you to dp so. Respect my solemn resolution, tne result ot many prayers. -Your ever loving Mildbed. 