TIh L' IE M1lA. FYTTONS. ' BIB . E. War,?Lr. r - ' AU*-.' i Heie we all see sittlsoi in the little dlning. rom-father, mother, Wille Beasoalbfe and I. Wallie and I wondered whatcthedickenwe'll Sdo uel. Is Is evening, or rather night, I his rained for days lake a waterspout, sad. Willie and I have done no skething as yet. liHe's down here with me on d vsiLt Oh ry"u've got to know him, that jovial creatsar though he's always in debt, and aiways fear ing its consequences. He'll sing you the bounlest aedggl h th?fbe world and then show you hle eteblais, whichi are at strange varIance with himself. He'lI pull from a heap otatudies a 'OChurcIta yard Scene,' black and bare;: a skeleton yepe tree, a broken-down cottage, and a ruined' ohurch. And as with a lilhr In his eye l'i tells you the title, the ' Home of the Sexton,. he takes up another, the '8tlticide's Gdav6:a lie always keeps his favourite till the last.. is Is a river sceene-midnight There is leei. oa the river. There I. anowowotheide Thee' sky is dark and ghastly. The dkik of thea 'Ay is repeated in the foregroun d'by a single' clack hole in the white snow. Beneath' ledi wri, ten, evidently in the most feoti'- ecstasy,. * Where they found the body.' a Well,' euys Willie, a last ' if ihe'weath~e' still keeps bad, I shall wire to town for old' Slanter, the model, and get on wilth"my Fel' staff picture.' SWlho'e old Slanter saves my fathdt. * Oh, the beat model in London for a bit ot low comedy. Splendid. I've had hble'ls for' a""Father Confessor" too; but every'now .and then he looked so ly, I fear the.odour ,."f sanctity was sadly wanting in my tactuoe. The worst of the old fellow is he is rather fond ofwblhekey, and Ia not alweyd to be" .epenrded on ' 'Then don't have him here,' esaymy ,mother, hastily. Oa I he'll be all ribht. I'll et him a rooas' in the village ; and it he doesnnt keep sober I aon:t pay him.' tIs trned out fine the next day, and thoahb" our shetching ground was a long wayrsf- some six miles-we trudged there every" morning and hack at night, and worked hard- so hard that we got our studies of the det more done long before we had anticipated.' Willie Beamleb thought it as well lowritefds' Sian ter Now, I most tell yoO that this more wasU i' a deep. wood. and a pretty awfralooklnr.' place it was. The water was perfectly smoothf and black, and in places great green patches of stagnant weeds were rotliogon thesurfacne At the northern end were a ruined boathouse ' and a sluice.gate, surrounded by dead bull. - rushes, which hung their poor brown h.sds downwards to the water, all broken'necked and splintered. The ground rose at the back of the lboathouse, from which ran what many years ago bad been a path, baut wbic wa now covered with tangle up to 'Grey Shadows.' whose battered chimneys stood. as they had stood for centuries, motionless amidst the swaying trees. When, as we often did, we forced our way through the tangle and looked up at the house, the eight was sad ant pathetic in the extreme. And when those whits doves that dwelt in the roof came and looked down upon us from the ruined case. meaats, we often wondered if they were the opirite of those who once, perchance, bad lived there-happily or unhappily, ah, who shall say ? The place was in some degree looked after by an old man called Sheppard. He and his wife lived in two of the lower rooms that were still fairly water-tight; and many a queer story the old mean told us. His chronology mwa curioue. He had no notion of Anta, Domniti, but dated all hie facts by the collapse aof those different portions of the building that had fallen about his head duricg the seventy.two years of his occupancy. ' Oh, my darter 'Liza-her wasborned same week as the picter gallery roof came down, mans a year ago 'Er 'ave a growed up fam'ly now. Eh ? 'ow long ev I been yet? why, a wur a bhoy when a comed first along o' my onale, and it war wen 'e took I to see Jack Dunedon hung as we come back in the evening, and vound that staircase down. It were a litter, too, I do aseure you. You Sgnte finds it pleasant here in zommer-but uest come in the winter when they flo do is out You'd come reck'ning to see a land scape, and you'd find a hocean.' The picture gallery was a splendid room, with a rich oak parqueted Ilo.r, fairly intact. liut, as the old man said, most of the elaborate plaster ceiling hod fallen away. I'he walls still bore the marks made by the pictures that once had hung there. Ah I where were those pictures now? &At; the anll of the room, in a niche betreen tio two windows, was a clock Its crooked and warped old hands marked half-past fnur 1i looked down uponl the old room's d?solatloq with IbI same equanimity that it had lookeG down unoon ire pride. It had tested rain wi'b its master, and the works which for so many years had kept it going had fallen throush the bottom of the case, and lay in rusty fragments on the floor 'Weto did this place belong to ' I said to Sheppard one any. SBelong to? Why, waur do'ee come fromt Bloing to, ildeed I Why, to the Five Mr.; Fcttoe. to be snre.' Of courte, we gave the old man no rest until, after much pernaasion, he told as the story of THE FIVE MAI FITTONS. But I sai not going to bore von wtbi Sh!eplard'e vertaacular, so start off tn my own way. Ir en,.ms that the lion. Richard Fytton had died about a huldred and fifty years back. Ipe died soddenly, levning three sons, and, three mouths after his death, his wife died in uiving birth to a fourth son. Now the legend goes that in early liie tbhe I,,n Richard had not been strictly im mtaculate-in fact, that he had been quoet the reve.ce One young lady, with whom he had. conltracted a sort of Fleet marrisee. had vowed, the day he deseert-d her (ahich, by the way, he did immediately), to haunt him cad his kindred for ever, or until the lsot of hie lire was extinct. He laughed and left her, to mrry a wealthy heiress-the owner of 'Grey Shadows.' All went well for many years. As I have already told you, they had four Sons. when e hunting accident to the Heon. Richard deprived the sons of their father's peoteo loe. That night his body was brought home one shutter, and laid solemnly on the state bed. At midnight a finger tapped upon the ese. m'nt. a face was pressed upon the glass, and a voloe said: ' THE FIReT MA. FTTTON.' Years went on. Three of the boys grew into -slwarlsr men, hobut the lasrtborn alwatl enffered et intervals from a weakness of she heart. All went well with the boyas exc??p log that the younger one never played wltf his brothers. He was' quiatet and teeltuar. They called him 'Baby Charles. (Over the other ride of the mere, hiddec hehind the shoulder of the hill, stond 'V?elves hall.' Of the people who had owned HIt Sheppard knew little. Bout he knew tht· that their second daughter, Evelyn O"Brien, was Joet the loveliest thing that ever walked the earth. What so natural as that Richard, Fyton. the elder son, should lore her, or tha phe should Iough at him ; that he in dee peraton shield ride home alter his second refnusal, acros country and, in attemptino a -hor' out by an arm of the mere, should te drnwnd ? r e bone, like his father's, wsee laid npao the state bed, and atmtdvight a finger tapped Uoon the c'ssmrnt, a lace wee pressed ufoe the ela.e, and a voice said: 'Tul SBgoogt, Mn. FITroN.' The next heoy entered the army. H. enjouet a distingoished career, ahd returnerd home on leave for four years, owing to. wounds contracted while on service under' Olive Il India. H e. too. saw Ieln O'Briens and, like bim brother, loved her. She laked him, ut. whether her nature was capable of a a sionace attachment i moa't oncertain. She~ ployed w'th him, and cenjoted him ae she hed done with his brerher Rlcherd. and as ab wans heinning to do with his con'in James. Thio could totr o on long ucpeereived. A fearful quorrel cook place bet ween the cousine. IrI a mnment of fransic anger sworts wac. dramwn, and John Fytton fell by the hand elo his own kinsman. hibeholy. like his fathers, was laid non,. the eare bed, and at midnirht finger tapptad noon the casement, a face was aresed upoa . th* lases, and a voice lad : 'T"s TItrD MPe,. Frron.' The end of the others is more mp?teriou Hal. who at the death of bhis two lId*. trothers sceedel to the property, fellla.. his brotheres had fallen, head ererar inr lO?e. with lEvnlcn O'Blien. though abhe wet. rears hi senior. oe mnaly liaed at "w le5i hall ; that ie, whenever Esely$ did non drae him houm-which she did In a fit of SemDet pretty of te. -'' ? Her father and mother so bowedn.hr r wtlll that her will was simply law with them. rn i nrderei the uorld, snd the wortl o.a'eyse Salors she had many, and thi standat ot ;t~b deatha of two brotherrs who had died f?e love of her only served to enhance .'bI. Ifacinatlhsn. . 1 'Oht y4I ay sad happy alwlaysI 1s 1g i thrib'tbir a shirCl g ; but' bitteil deprtenesd 0 aoytbirp that artoyed her crossed her dtb-a,-ct pable of bestcwirg the utmost of one that lay at bar command on the mSn or women who gave her everything abe W??ted for ` and aa capable of withdrawtin t'tandoa'pplying its place with the utmost Indiffireuce, if the amount of bodily comfort to'bleih she had been accustomed fell abort i. the smallest degree i She liked Hal. He had money, a fine estate, a handsome person, and a sweet, e!nttlemanly manner--bt she wanted more. Bte was one of those women who only love those they fear. And fear poor Hal she did aot. Amongst her other wooers was one who, though he seldom was in her company, seetmed, when he did come to Velvet-ball, to exercise a certain amount of influence over tis wilful beauty. Thoeuh he was but'a delicate man, in appearance alrost effeminate, thcre was something strangely masterful a aot him. Talented and fascinating, he was yet extremely trying, owing to his variable and. irritating temper. Never violent, be would at times say, with his slow smile that meant so much, the bitterest things to Evelyn it th presence of others, which, strange to .isay she received with comparative equa. latmity, Bad any other creature in the uni verse attempted to any one tithe of that be r~re utterance, to, the regret would have lasted to his dying day. His name was Lawrence Tanfield. Between him and II nry Fytton a strong Intimacy existed, for thiges had rot yet come to that ats when jealousy wa. likely to stepin. '?ory Fytton, lu his open, boyish war, eaw in his trlend no rival, because to uwas his friend. What Tanfield thought, we know mot ; but I suspect, such was his belief in himself, and his quiet way of always carrying bia point, that he felt if the day ever came when he decided that he liked Evelyn well enough to marry her, she would be hise. One evenint In late autumn, Hal Fytton asked her to he his wife. She had laughed at him and smiled on him so often that he thboeht his chance secure. But she only a?ook her pretty head and said: 'It could never be' - Three days later Lawrence Tanfield rode ever to Velvet-ball. He wase in his own strange homour-caustic and perverse; but the news, which had so mehow or other leaked out, that Evelyn had refused his quondam friend, had brought his own affections to a crisis. That be loved her as some men would have loved, I doubt. That be would have stood calmly by and seen his rival take the pr're out of bi haibnd. I doubt still more. But that any should suppose that be could not have the very thing he askel for was an impossi. birty with Lawrence Tanfleld. On arriving he gave hi. horse to a groom, refusing to go into the house, butasked where he counld find Mis. O'Brien. , c?.?v, 'She's somewhere about, sir, in the park. I see her in the avenue some half.hour back,' wald the servant. 'Thank you,'said Lawrence, as he sauntered "ot under the two rows of lime trees that 'stretched in unbroken array, stiff and stately, to the centre gates of the park. On the left of the avenue stood a little ring of fire and copper beeches, surrounded by a larch fence. It was caller 'The Folly,' though wha I do not know. Lawrence walked up the avenue and hack again ; then turned sharp acress the grass to the fholly. His motive by this time hadl nearly faded from his mind, but in getting over the fence he remembered what he had Come for. A etrange, strange nature was hi.. The present ever in his mind, with aperfeotly irresi.tible force ; absnr, dear th, ugh it might be, a shadowy vilion which might wait his leirure. After setting over the rail he pushed his way beneath thalower hounheof the ir-trees, ,rey, slight, and brittle, until he came to an -open space amtllst those hoary tree-trunkh whose feathery t pe t,,wertd up in a net work of tracery above his bead. The suaumn wind swept round and round the tittle wood, and clcllectd in the centre a buoe heap of red and yellow beech-leaves. The mound was crushed down here and there as by footsteps, and further on, where the leaves were dry and seemed t' lie thicken', was the impression of a woman's form Not only that; still further on lay a hook, evi dently just cast down, and beside it a woman's glove. Lawrence considered for one moment; his face lightened ; he took up the lady's glove and threw down his own. ' Stay dinner. Tanfield,'said old Mr. O'Brien when he git back to the house. 'All very glad to see you, Evelyn will be in presently. '0 .ad b.lt- ton Nnrah.' The young man did as he was bid, and while he and the elder sister chatted at the drawingroom window, Evelyn O'Brien came across the gress in full view of them. Tall, upright as a dart, she looked just what she was-a neauty. An amused smile was on her lips as she neared the house, when suddenly she caught, sight of Tnfield'e e',. :at th window. Down dropped her thick, ,black. tangled eyelashes, and up went 'the ted flig to tthe fore'-that pretty similea altlor uses for his sweatheart'e blush. When dinner was over, Tanfield made an early excuse to leave the diiiingroom Norah, the eldest, he found at the piano; Evelyn 'uittig in a low chair just outside the open window. 'You seem flnd of reading, bliss O'Brien, aidll he. V' ery,' she answered. 'And in srrande places ' 'Indeed! And so you've found that out. And. it was you, I ,uppose, who tad the im' pldence to take my glove? Please give it back to me at once.' M day I not keep it?' said Lawrence, very softly. 'As you please. I have lost the fellow to it. so it is of no consequence. By the way, I thope you don't want yours back again ?' 'Mine ?' 'The one yonu left; because Scout buried It with some old bones be found in the Folly. He's not fond of rubbish, and he likes to get it out of sight I suppose.' 'While be was atout it, I daresay you think he might just as well have buried me?' 'I dill not say so,' she replied. 'Evelyn,' said the young man, suddenly, 'life is short at the best. I am not a manl, ns you know, to hesitate to ask a question, though it may involve the whole life's Ihappinese of two people and the deep in tereets of many more. I want you to tell me soamething, dear.' He had taken her hand in his, and she, after half-withdrawing it, had let it remain '[ want ynu to tell me if you love me You know, you matt know, how dearl, I love you with my whole, whole beart,' and as he said it he believed it most implicity. ' I you refuse me, I sball have nothing left in this world to live for. And, Evelyn, remember it is no lighbt thin I ask of you. I mean love in its entirety. No mere liking or toleration, hut a complete giving of one to the other, You hae ashown 'the red flac" once to day already were it not so dark, I fancy I should eee Itaow. There it must alwars be for me, and for me only. Do yon understand? It must never come down, and I would sooner pet op with an absolute refusal than see it S"tly? balf-mast hiph Evelyn turned. She rose from her chair .a... .? walked a few steps down the terrace Into tne deeper shadow. Tenfleld followed. SLawrence,' she said, 'you have asked me a' imple question, and I will give yon a ulmple answer. Be trun and geot'e writh me. andI will love you all my life. And I would tither tee us both dead this night than that -oarpeunon shonld ever droop to half.mest W¶Vh a vow to keep and cherish her for ever, Tnileld caught her in his arms and passu'onately kiased her lips Bhe gently, oh, so gently, returned his carees; but hers was given with all the concrnotration of her trusting womanhood, and his-ah I his, Ifear, was but half.maset For a time all went merry sea marriage belL' The old people were delighted (for T~aEsald was a good match), and every prospect of happiness seemed epread befire the young couple. But two such fiery eatorts could hardly be in'daily intimacy but that 'tiffs end quarrels of a more or eIrs eelIous character were bound to spring up between them. ,epecially was thlis true in the matter of tidlog, of which the girl was verr tond T·anfeld encouraged her in the matter with ome reservation. There was a mare n the etable called Brands, thoroughbred, vicious, od' Insractable. To ride this mare wsee Evelyn O'Bron' ddelight She was a splendid bOreewoman, and the mare's antics ammued and, ezhlluated her. Tanfeld saw that, fortunate a she had been hitherto, a serious dtcdeatwas insevitable sooner or later, and in Ssemistasable terms he folbade bher to mount the samaLa* ' "Plcatof time for obedience Lawrence. I not been through church doores yet,' abhe msm notdemandina obedience, but ounlr lih ti ensure yonur safety. You cannot ride at D)o p e pfl?loat great risk,.' '1 cannot ride, thben Thank you for t nothing, my polite fiance.' ' I say neither yon nor any other tving creature can ride her with safety. I say. moreover, that as long as I have any hold on r you, you shall not mount her.' 'Any hold on me ? And suppose I say you S base no e?' The yeonn man sbrogged his shoulders. t 'That rears with you,' he replied. * With me?' 'Yes, with ryo.' ' Then you have none. Ihate interference.' e 'I will take care never to interfere again. Good morning, ,Mise Obrien.' He raised his hat, ture ad, and left heal For weks after this episode she kept her thoughts pr:ualy to herself, thinking how be would return penitent, or write a heart broken apetIogy and planning bow she would act in either case. Bat as day after day went by, and neither be eor his letter put in an appearance, the spoilt girl's spirit began to waver, and she frequently gave way to tears. And where was Lawrence Tanfield ? I e . . f He walked over to Curoham, ordered a conveyance, and getting his Inggage packed, went home to Hampshire. Ile stayed there for a little time with his father, and having explained that he was in need of change, went abroad and for a lorg time was not heard of. Anme said le had entered a foreign service; others that he had joined a monastery In Spain. Meanwhile Ese1a n, sadd ned and r eprossed, still remained nmanrnried, though suitor alter suitor came to try his lock. I suppose it most have been about two years later, when honest, open-hearted Hal Fytton again proposed to her. To his intense snrrrlse and delight, he was accepted. I cannot love you said Evelyn; 'but if you will be content with a weary wcman's respect and honest liking, I'll do the best I can to make you happy.' Poor Hal ! All the country round was not brig enough to hold him. With what honest pride he spoke about his swretheart-the sweetheart he had never dared to kiss. That retloeroe was not the way to win her; certainly not a woman of her nature-frozen and petrified as it had now become. liar, poor fellow, he knew no better, and thought, with so many others that timidity showed respect and devotion. Had you told him that something a little more recklesa and devil. may-care, even though at times liable to give ffience, would in the end outdistance any feeble wooing, he would not have believed it; or if he had, he would have been quite incapable of practising it. One cannot teach thete things. Teach a iseepto all eternity, he will never learn to rnar. So matters stood, and the engaged couple seemed on the one side fairly content, on the other delirlourly happy At Christmas, old Mr. O'Brien determined to celebrate his daughter'e engagement by a ball, to whish all the people round about who were 'anyone in particular' were nvited. It we a fancy dress ball, and masks were optiol al. Hal led off the first dance with Evelyn. He engaged her for many more. The old all.room was crowded. Over two hundred and fifty people, in every variety tf dress, thronged the place. Wine, music, end bean tiful taces all combined to make the heart of h ste and guests ss happy as they could be In the intervals of the dances, speculation wa, rife as to who this person wee, who that -.lloding to anyone specially well disguised There was a knight In armour, a jester, a mountebank, and dozens more. But as 11.1I Fytton walked round the end of the room under the muricians' gallery, with Evelyn on his arm, he parse' a headsman with an are brown across his shoulder; his face was bidden by a mask, his eyes glittering from b. hind it. They fell ton Evelyn for ore secotd, hut were instantly withdrawn. See stood still, staggered, and would have fallen but that ltal caught her. * (nod heavens,' he raid, ' are you ill?!' *Yes, oh yes I For heaven's rake take me it.to the air.' Oolt as it was, he led her on to the stone walk outside the ballroom wiodows. * Bring me my hood,' she said, ' and my for mantle.' He brought them immediately, and was about to offer her his arm. 'No, no,' she said, shrinking back, ' I have these attacks sometimes, and then I must be alone. Leave me, and come and look for me inhalf an hoar.' He left her ; little kno 'ing that, though he was to see her once again, he had spoken to her for the last time. In half an hour he came back. She was not there. lie searched for her in the ball room, but she was not among the dancers. He then turned back into the garden, walked down the terrace steps, over the soft snow where his footsteos were wholly inaudible. and drifted aimlessly towards the mere. And how lovely the more looked. What ron be lovelier than moonlight on the snow ? 'rhe hogs fir-trees stood towering upwards, their great boughs weighed down with it, poirtieg like giant hands toward the ground. Beneath them was impenerrable darkness, antid stretching over the pure snow their warm groreeque shadows, formed every weird and curo. is shape that might appeal to ar excited hrain lere and thern tall, slender. withered grassee-'he last reminiscence of the summer that bad gone- stood bowing to 'he wi, d, each one decked with such diamonds ae no beauty in the adjacent bal - room could lay a claim to; each one glittering in transelucent intensity in the silver moon. light, with its crown of icicles about its h-ad. Suddenly Fytton stopped, conscious of two fisures it close etmb'ouc ten yards distant from him, by the shore. The girl's hands 'iere resting on the man's eboulders, her face was lifted uo his- to his, the headsman--and as she lifted it, she tobbed out : ' Oh, Lawrence, Lawrence, as if you did not know you are the only mcni I ever really oared f,r.' He kissed her, andt whispered some loving worte into her words into her oar. Again she lifted her face, but as he bent down towards her he paohed back his maek. Fytton g·ve a sudden start; a bough cracked beneath his ftet. They turned, asrd as they turned thn clouds that had veiled the moon passed quickly over. The bright r*y fell upon their faces. The girl was Evelyn O'Brien and the man was Lawrence Tanfield. No words were uttered. Half-a-dozen steps, arnd they grappled tgee her. A knive flashed, sometbing fell-some bing heavy, inert, twful-that never spoke or moved again. And there was blood upon the snow; the blood of HlI Fytton. His body, like his father's, was laid upon the state bed, anid at midnight a finger tappeod upon the caneuent, a face was pDeseed iptn e re aloes, and a voice laid : ' THE FOUnTH Mu FTIONr .' O all the brothers, there was now left but '+Baby Charles.' He wase bout eleven, and the executore under his brother's will sue rested that his mother's firet cousin, Mrs. .rnold, a widow, should occuny 'The Grey Shadowse,' with the object of being a mother to the boy notil such a time as he went to college or came of age. Men, however will one way, and Fate another, and all the care and watchfulness bestowed on the delicate lad were powerless to help him against the deadly curse which bhung over his family. The one passion that posseseed the boy was hawking, and day after day be would wander out alone, despi'e the anxiety of Mrs. Arnold, with hise hawk upon his wrist When in thse cold weather the wild ducks oame down upon the low swamps in thou sands, and many hundreds of acres of land worounder water, more or less, thecunarry round Grey Shadows was quite a falconer's psradlaee. Early one morning in D'cember, when the floods were just covered with a thin coatinr of ice, Baby Charlee with his hswk upon hin wrist went iff to the lower meadows in search if wild fowl. It was late in the af'erpoon when the first anxiety hegars to be felt about him, on acncount of his tirolonced absence. The count?y was sooured far andwide, hut to no purpose. It sla supposed that while wading In the floods he must unhappily have walked into a dyke, a' it was na't nttit th evening of the fourth day that Jack Itdirng ton, the poacher, c.me in tosay he Lat ·, e,' the poor lad's body floating amongst the hitll. rushes on Long Pool Lake, and the hblawl wsestill sittlng on his breast. His body, like his father's, was laid at on the state bed, and at midni?bt a finger tapped upon the cuement, a face was pre.s·etd against the glase, and a voice esaid * Tie Frcrn Mn. Fxiroz.' SA good story, Mr. Sheppard.' said Willie. ' Asort of thing to dream of, after a heavy Well,. Wilti?e,' said I. 'it's getting drk,. and I think, as we have six miles to walk., we had bel'ser trdger.' Off we eterted, Juoatas the ansun was begin' ning to get low, and long quaint shadows fell acroass the reen bridles- path. which, meandering round the hills, brought us out on the main road about two mites from home. We had nearly got to wbat was called the deep cutting, sa pilace where the rosd ran between two hegh banks bordered with fir trees, when we heard a muttered exclama tion, followed by a grievous panting and 'Good heavens, what's that ' said I. 'An asphyziated grampus, I should say,' returned Willie. ' No, it's a man lying by the road side. What in the world is he doing ? We went on a little further, and nothing could I make of the mastery, when Willie burst out into a roar of laughter. * Don't you tee ?' he said. ' It's Slanter, tipsy as an owl, and trying to light his pipe at a glow-worm.' So It was. * Get up,' said Beamiab, ' What the deuce are you doing there!' ' Trying to light my pipe, sir, as you see, but three country ifsees are never any good.' ' What brings you here, may I ask ?' said Beamish ' You wrote for me, sir; and like the nobleman who went through hfe with a motto concealed about his person, " I am here." ' ' Well, as you are conducting yourself in this fashion, for my part I wish you were anywhere else.' * Now, Mr. Beamish, don't talk like that. Geniuo has so many penalties to pay. But I've brought news for you, sir. There was a gentleman-at least a man--t your friend's, when I arrived. He'd something as looked like a writ, Mr. Beamish. So look out for equalls, sir, and remember, if it is so, to reward the intelligent being who first sig. nailed the enemy. Keep your starboard light wide open, and the watch always on deck. When we got tome, we found that a man had called at my fat her's house, and by his extreme anxiety about Beamish, had firstof all roused the servants' suspicioos, and then my father's, who had been called out totesee him, ashe seemed so unwilling to leave. 'Do you so very particularly wish tosee Mr. Beamieh I' said my father. SWell it's not so urgent as all that,' replied tbe visitor, with a nreanirg smile. Can I give him any messager * No; that wouldn't do. I fear.' Mr father then, skllfully evading several leading questions, simply confined himself to the statement that Beamish was with me, sketchiRg, and that his return was extremely uncertain. 'Can I do anything more for you ?!' he added. No,' said the stranger ; ' it doesn't matter. I only just wanted to shake him by the hand.' It was very evident from poor Beamiah's manner that the news greatly depressed him. Visi' ns of bailiffs, sheriff's officers, and men In possession, floated through his excited brain. 'Shake me by the hand, indeed.' said be. Much more likely to tap me on the shoulder. Next morning Beamiah came down to breakfast with the appearance of one who has not slept. Great precautions were observed in our pro. credings when we started from home. The country round was carefully inspected from the houretop, and finding the coast anparently clear, we made of towards our destination in . ejected manner, turning wary eyes on evrry aide. Slanter carried the materials. as we had determined to have two days'more work at the north porch of the house. When ergaged at our work, Sheppard used to come slowly in and out of the house, ?,o chat and gossip as wae his wont. Tatl after tale of ghostly ad awfulol visions he had seern, of noises and footsteps that he had heard, came following one another in one unbroken flow. Today he was especially garrulous. Yes,' he said, 'but the most unkind thine as ever happened to I, was when them pistol sh. to went off, and I got smothered in blood, 'Twur in that autumn wten the front chimney stacks fell.' ' Well? said I. ' Wll, it were autumn, and it were near midnight, and black ase.pitch, when as we was a lying il bed, and the wind a howling round -bang -bang--goes off a lot of pistole, and then bang again. There was a clashing fall, and all war quiet again. Well. I lay and trembled, but my old oman, she ups and lights a candle, and upstairs she goes with the poker (somen is allas that wllful, you know). Her fumbles about in they garrets. when drip, drip, drip comes down something we" an sticky on my face. I etrekes a match and vrund as it were blood. "Murder, mur der," I shrieks, " the blood boa coming thro' the ceiling."' 'Drat thee thou fool,' says Sairab, who'd just come back. 'Tie the elderborry wine as have busted and is a runnin' all over the floor. SAnd was it the elderbarry wine?' I asked. 'No, no; it was they ghosts at it again.' But didn't you go up and see?' N' ot I, not I,' said Sheppard, ' I wouldn't never go into that garret on the longest, brightest summer's day as ever was. Son after this little refreshini anecdote, a very old man, bent almost double, came toil. ingno the walk. 'Who's this, Sheppard ?' I said. * Old Billy Iles, to be sure.' ' Who's he?' ' Oh, that old fool down at the village as is allus so proud as his father war hanged.' 'Curious people hereabouts, Willie,' I said, 'and a curious thing to be proud of. But perhaps they think us just as curious.' ''l:-'s proud on't,' says Sheppard, 'cos 'eo ain't got nothing else to be proud on.' 'Atd very good philosophy, too,' said Willie. 'Well, old gentleman, and what do you wanrt' I asked. ' I wants to know if a young gentleman called Beamish is about here; cos if 'ee be, another genileman us 'ave left his dog cart down at the inn wants to zee 'un.' 'What sort of g"ntloman?' ' Tall, round man. Dressed shabby like. A looks like a bailiff, or e,.rt of lawyer's clerk.' Beamieh turned ghastly pale Sudden y in rushed Sianter. * He's coming, sir, he's coming No time to loos. Run up stairs. Thereto an old rickety four.post bed big enough for ten, upstairs, with some old rapestries thrown over it; get in or under.' Up we rushed. Scuffling up the creaking et' ircase, through three or four passages, into a huge room, facing the bow window of which stood an enormous carved oak bed, with some moul.ering tapestries thrown over it, 'Jump in,' said Sianter. In sprang Beamieh. The rage were drawn over his face and body, and there he lay. looking for all the world like a corpse. Slanter and I got into an open cupboard and chut the door. Presently we heard voices. Then a prolonged hum of conversation. As the back of our cupboard had huge cracks in it, the sound was very clear. and we could distinctly hear old Sheppard relating in hie nuepl garrulous way the story of 'The Five Mr. Fyttone' to the unknown visitor. Atfter a prolonged talk came a silnce; then some mention of a ladder; then silence again, Five minutes later came a fearful crash upon 'he window.sill, and A finger tapped upon the casement, a face wa pressolt upon the glaass, and a voice said. ' TIri Fwrit M. raITON ' With a yell that might have raised the dead, Beamish ,Slanter, and I sprang from our hiding places to see- a jolly face. O0. how well we knew it; and the owner was knocking for admittance. l 's Smith.' said Beamish. 'So it is,' said I. 'What in the world's the meanling of it?' However, with a deep si?b of relief, we opened the casement and let him in. 'Now, Smith, explain, please. What's UOnly, my dear boy. that I hdve been hunt. ing for you for twenty-four hours to tell you that Williams. Simp-on and Co., the pub. lishers, want twenty good wood drawings of thtes, .neighbourhood, and will pay anythlng for them. I've got you the commiseion; and ao for me, I'm to.do the letterpress, and have been taking shorthand notes in my pocket. hook ever since I cane here. Old Bhepoard e Id me that story, and 'hat you had hidden under the bed; so I.got a ladder, and here I am.' What a war dance we had of it, and how jorfully we walked bome that night I I think we all dreamt of i 'Tn Foy- Ma. FrrIoNs.' 