SEEING A GHOST. "Do lot mo take it I" said Corn Deansu ' It will be so nice to carry things to the poor." Sloe was leaning against the side of the door, her straw hat wreathed about with bright-colorod autumn loaves a flush of crimson on her cheok. Aunt Botsystood with the little cup of freshly -made custard in ono hand, and a dried huckleborry pie in the other. "La, child," said Aunt Betsy, "thloy aint oexactly poor.' Not bogging poor,you know. Joihn Jones gets a tice little sumi for ringing the church bell on - "thy mornings and wmaking the fire Satu. nights.: And Loretta, hsh's a firste-l..-, talloress. And I bolieov they own a farm somiowlero in flogmanton 'Hollow, that they roent to LeanderSmlith. ButLoretta sint. boon very .well of late, and slo's' dreadful partial to moy dried leuckle borr. plea; so, if you don't mind takin' it= "O h, not in the least I" said Corm, with alacerity. "Is it far ," .'""Jost down Crooked Lane, and past the big hollor tree before you come to the blacksmith . shop," said Aunt Betsy. "Foller the line of tile church fence, an' you can't go amiss, Itaint moreo'n a mile, anyhow." ? So Corn took the neatly-packed little basket and tripped away into the yellow misty light of the October sunset, singing nssho went. Sho had been in this part of the country some time, but sloe was not quitoe certaiu whore John Jonos's cottago was exactly situated. " But I eau enquire," sloe said, to her self. "Oh, here comes Alice Embury. Shell tell moe." Alice Entbiry, a light-cheoked young village girl, mot tier with a smnile of wel collie. '" Tilo Jones's cottage 7" said soe, " whly of course. It's close by the old chlllurclh yard ; and don't forgot the reheoarsal of the Musical Society," Alice called after b'dr a she tripped away. " I shrill be in plenty of timo for that," returned Cora. As Corni ceamr down into theo valley a soft white- mist seelmed to fold itself around her. The glow of earth and sky faded out, and a seopulchral gloonl seemed to take pseosseion of the whole scene. At the same nmoent sloe became con solous of the near neighborhood of. an ivy.mantlod old church outlined darkly againlst the sky, and the glimhnmoring grey nloss of old tombstones leaning over aglnust the grass. " I must be almost there," s'.o thouglt. "Follow the ehurchynal fence," Auint Betsy had told her. And that must be the little houso under the cedar trees, I She hurried down the grassy path, with is certhin thrill running through her veinus-she would have been loth to call it speorstlitious fear--lit, novertlehless, shio felt very glad to got past the cluster of gravestones into the cedar-shaded door yardl.. ' Sloe knooked at the door. ' There was no answor.' Siloe knoeked a little louder. Stroiio i'h" i;ly;°' ný 1e6lir: t inlo"a"vors and with a suddeno impulso, she pushed the door ponu. It led into a little square room, the Iloor of vwhich was covered by a bright rag carpeot, the walls papered il a gay pattern of roses and leaves climbing over an iltoassiblo trellis. A low fir, qyrnod in the wood stove-a kettle sang on the ton with mnolotonous sound. Ora sat down oun tliocushioncd rocker to treat 'l'hey had gone out saoo, vhero," also thouglht. and site l,lceod her baoset oil the tabloe. "'They will be back soon." But as the mnoonents crept by, and nobody returned, the darkness decoonded like a sudden pall uotl the quiet autumnllal sceon. She coull see the gravestones gloaming whlitly ; she coiuld hear the mullrlnurino g of the restless wind in the treetops olllside. A sudden te lr we semed to tighten around her heart. She sprubng up, iuvoluntarily. " I cannot stay here any longer," she cried, loud ; and siho rushed to the door. lBut it refused to ope?,n. Shie wis fastened in-tlhroogh somoe rust or fhault htisn of the oultide latlch-- acaptive, smrely against her will. Shoe tlterod a screalol and flow towards the window. Ilut frm its panoes small aIndl inorueteod frequontl'y with woooden hblra, oho noo 0 sight that chilhll lher very bloIole-at wohilte, haidlwy ligroe, movillg to Id fo1 alliollg thilo grweslolIIel. All Ihaol, she had over scn or hI ed of ghllu t torili'iS Il ld p lernottl ral I v, r i l i t cUe oback 1o o Iher at I H IIIIIInIm I with sllopt islingvivilldolooe. Shloe crrooono'hod troi - bllng violentlo , inll tlh oln'r I-f Iti noho , 00 lo long shoe riemolind shivering in lhe cornuor ho never kIow. It might Ipro bo,,n live mintlno , ilt might ha'e h el. l 1i)l hour, h11t Io' ti'wl4oome eoIlnuId Iof foot 'lopIs lon thle Ilhir'ohold l a: n n Iost. " I 11ther l 1ko1 thi 0 '( 1h ! 111ch I" said at010al l'tln oolsido. " It's cleu rusllll'd q(l.t I'll goIet an1 her onlb IhtI' " l i no Iholl ll go toI'Htolloho1' To. roI Mi, hisEmuoho "--as the doo'r was fIOtlu wide o n1 --"didn't I toll yo I Thereo nl Illt no oo ho 1 " I' l I IC theo iit no onel hI '," 111111' d i t shr , i ill, toroolwo(l IIII 00 II0 i0 \olos, o , h1 ow o011 1Irtlh 0el0 Ih01l Ihuro whicker hakeotl o Ihllo (able I Ianud'n anken a hliv, tlhw 's notr' e oli e In thio co rn erll l h i hl h' a w a y I ' ehio v , t1 iohllolblu I nlluder I" " Int's onil tlllolll," ntered ora 0"uornal 'har Coo1I" criol out MlIsa Mnllburr y wohat has happllened to 1?t I1 Are yOU 1111 1 C0,~~. * "It's the ghost," mutterod Corn, be ginning to feel vagaly ashamed of her unreasoning paicm. "I saw it myself out there-all in white, pacing up and downl among thelo grtvos. "Goodneso me 1" oxclaimed Alice. " It was I that she saw-lny white shawl. I was walking up and dowin there, waiting for her to cone out. I was afraid that she would lose her way coming home, and I wanted to be sure that she would be at the rehomusal in time to night. Cora began to laugh hysterically. aud said : "" I would not live in this dismal place not if anyone paid ime twenty pounds a wooeek. Mrs. Jones there is a eup-usatnrd and huokleberry pie tlhat Aunt Ietsy Becket has sent you. And please lot mn have tl haskeot, so as to get home as feat as possible." "o \Volt you sit a spell ?" said hospit able .lrs. Jones, who had at last compro hemled the situation. " Not a miuute, not a second," Cora answered lhurriedly. "Oh, Alico, dohurry; it is getting darker every mlinute." " But the moon hals risen," said com lposed Alice. ."It will be lighter inow." " Aren'tyoln afraid to go lpast t?hat g c yard il thie dark ?" whispoered Cora. "Perhaps Mr. Jonesn-" "Afraild " cohoed Alicoe, with a swoot, rippling laugh.::" Why, what should I be efntid of? I often cnoie down hero to see lrs.' Joio's' niece, Rebecca when she 'is stayillg hero, and go back all by myself." "' But why does Mr. Jones live Ier ?" said Coran piteously. " Because he is the soxton," said Alice Embury, " Bucause it is handy to be so near the church and the churchyard." Corn only, shivered.' She know that she had been silly and saperstitious, but slho could not lilp it. " To think," cried cheery Alice, " that you should have tacen me for a ghost, whilo all the time I was watching the cottngo door, and wondering why on oearth you didn't come out I" Anr.d by the time they had reached Aunt Betsy's comfortablo farmn-house Cora Iher self we- -",:t, ready to laugh at lher own folly. Waile Aunt Botsy s chara-.a ristic omanark--tue saieau shu maLde when site c.ard of a death, a wedding, or a spoiled batch of pickles-- was: " Woll, I never I" 