Variora. [By Tins Stapf.1 Parsons aro peculiar people. At the recent Orange meeting Parson Price was present and 'delivered a characteristic speech, in which he strongly objected to the action of Her Majesty the Queen in sending to the Pope a present with her good wishes on the occasion of his jubilee. Where the parson's right to object comes ? ' English, you know,' and if there is one thing more than another that all true sons ? of. England boasts about it is of that country's freedom. In the parson's halcyon days no doubt ho has received many presents from admiring friends, and possibly there may have been churlish 1 individuals who objected even as Objfjctor Price has in the present instance. But the result lias been that the presents have been accepted and enjoyed notwithstanding the objection, and wo opine that the fact that Parson Prico objects will not lessen the pleasure of tho Queen in giving, nor that ? of the Pope in receiving a kindly remem brance from a thoughtful and courteous lady. ? »\ 'As reliable as' a gas meter' is a . metaphor that hns been brought very near to a number of people lately, the resultant cause being tho shelling out for big gas bills. ' But, as Salem Scudder said, 'the apparatus; can't lie,' and therefore objection is useless.' One fact, we have neverjbeen able to. dissect, account 'for, of understand! and that is that notwithstanding 'the re-: ? ductions Vmade't'm-'' tlie price of '.gas Mm time to timo in Lnunceston, the bills are never less. Gas bills aro like the public debt, constantly increasing, and we think if any of our readers possess such a thing as a smaller', gas bill of Tasmanian growth s* deserves a prominent place amongst the mmlties in the Tasmanian Court of the Centennial Exhibition. «*?» ' Ofy f Jhat mine adversary had written- a book!' cvied the long-suffering one who dwelt in the- land of Hz, and found solaco in raking himself down with promiscuous pieces of broken crockery ; and the inter pretation thereof appears in the angry buzz which that unfoitunato llr Oberliu Harriss has brought about his oars for simply writing a very readable newspaper article. Ho might very well retort in the language of the revised version, ' Oh t that I had the indictment that mine adversary hath written,' for then would I submit it to a forty-million power microscopic examina tion in hope to discover wherein I had so grievously offended. Sir Harriss simply wrote, for tho entertainment and enlighten ment of his English friends, a thoroughly interesting and highly eulogistic account of Tasmania. It was well calculated to turn their eyes with longing to tho far-off Southern land he so glowingly depicted, and might have justified a mild expecta tion on his part that it would make the most irascible Tnsmanian purr audibly, and want to rub himself against adjacent trouser-legs. Instead thereof various and sundry have arched their vertebral struc ture and started to spit Hko fury. This is not encouraging ; and when Mr Harriss sees any friend disposed to follow his example by doing a little Tasmaniac sketching, if he's vicious he'll grin wickedly; if ho is amiable he will give him the old Zummerzet warning:—' Please, zur, you be a zittin on a harnet's nest.' The Rev. llr Fitchett, not he of the Melbourne Daily Telegraph and Wesleyan Ladies' College, but a Dunedin namesake, has taken up his parable against skating. Ho denounces what he styles the ' rink mania' iu set terms, and devises a long catalogue of strange iniquities to hurl at its unholy head. Ho says, instead of attending to her home duties, helping to picklo the onions and whitewash the kitchen cupboard, Maria goes to the rink night after night, and her poor mother has to suffer in both health and pocket. The young gentloman, he de clares, skates into a shadow of his former self, and owing to the construction of the rollers, developes bunchy ankles, loost jointeil knees, und a general , dilapidation of his spinal cash column, There's a grand Held for the' denunciatory eloquence of tho Hey. Fitchett in Tasmania, so far as the ' mania ' is concerned. But here Mnria's mother sits outside the rink, and smilei approval as Maria flushes gracefully past, while, llaria's girl friends are devoting, themselves to involuntary acrobatics in the shape of ground tumbling and back somer saults, with an energy that threatens to lisejup all the arnica in the district, in the shortest time on record. The male per former, too, instead of skating into a. sha dow of his former self, skates into any solid obstacle that offers, with far more serious results, and generally wears tho bunches on the back of his head or in the vicinity of his shouldtr blados. But the pastime has its redeeming points, and as an astronomical exercise may fairly be hailed as the handmaiden of science; for cases frequently occur where, in the course of a lesson, a student has a chance of studying more starry constellations and revolving systems than over Copernicus dreamt of or Keplor chronicled. «*» Talk about a cool proposal ! There cor tainly was a perfectly Antarctic frigidity of temperature about that modest suggestion or Air Harry (Jonway's respecting the Alford railway. One scarcely knows which most to admire, its imperturable assurance or its touching simplicity. 'Gentlemen, it will not cost more than £40,000, and if you will help mo to my little plum, my vote is there for you whenever it mny be wanted. You scratch my back and I'll scratch yours, and darn political animosity say I.' What a rosy little arrangement ! and so suggeB tive of the estimation in which one in the swim holds parliamentary principle, sena torial honor, and legislative honesty.' Cer tainly he should know most about the general subject, but it is rather startling to an outsider — What ! burgle the treasury — rifle the State! And in accents persuasive and glib, Just 'put up a job' that would mako the debate But a new way of ' cracking a crib.' Corrupt all the members and nobble the Crown, By making its measures miscarry ; If this is your game, it may well be set down, ? ?As — A motion to play up ' Old Harry!' * * The response of the horrorstrickenMinis ter of Lands, who has learnt the lesson ' affect a virtue though you have it not' which Sir Harry has yet to study, may ba done in a quatrain — jOH'Harry, I'm shocked! Every innocent 1 '?'? knows a Device such as. this should bs managed ',;,;.- sub rosa; , - : jVVliile ns.'forvthat line, though I deeply ,',', : : regret.it, , . , ? . ;. I can but remark— Don't you wish you may I '.';',?.; got it?-.! ?? 'hi- : : ? : r,., , ? .-.' -..? :. ..'?'? .' '? i- :- ? Thei 9 w's '''nothing very pathetic about the ^nto °^ tne !'st tax*nS resolution. Having uolK 'd tlle rest of tlle bolus- where wisMiBiiseot.mnklnB a ™'y fftce at.t.h0 tail end of the do. 'e ? ^ °,ven aie. M.1'ls: ters went back on 1, '' nnd almost '^f^ that to follow cupltri .Ollt °f t10 C0l°'y; would in itself be little «,nrt ot * cllPltal crime. But perhaps in thk '?|ltt!r tllCy were actuated by the same spin. ' Se''~ osity towards the Leader of tho Ok '^JT that animated the auld wife ttIio -we*. '*' t,° hear tho Rev. Dr. Cameron Lees hold foiv, l ?nine scot's unurcli 'Just till encourngo the pair body, d'ye ken.' Verily the Hon. Nicholas has had a hard row to hoe iu tho attempt to make a fight of it with sisch a following. Well might ho exclaim with Honest Jack—' Call you this u bucking of your friends ? A pluguo on nil cowards say I.' But one of the most amusing exhibitions of the session so far, must have been that presented by the sedate and dignified Speaker, as he reared up and literally scat tered himself abroad on tho subject of horseflesh. His professed willingness to devote himself in disjointed soctions to the defence of that innocent lamb, the unso phisticated cabby, must (have told with grand dramatic effect. Ho'd sacrifice, ho vowed, his hoary head E'er Cabby's hay should pay a1 single 'red ;' And aa for taxing him who drove a. cart, First from his breast he'd tear his reeking heart. No half starved moko for want of straw should shiver, While lib retained a single inch of liror ; And e're he cringed to those who owned the farms He stood prepared to amputate his arms. Poor Jehu's cause ho never would aban don, AVhile he could boast a single leg to stand on; His very carcass should be sawn in half Before he yielded to a tax on chaff. Then having fairly strewn the chamber floor With mangled limbs and patriotic gore, His ghost should hurl the fragments in their faces To champion still these most deserving cases. * A Victorian paper (the Kyneton Ob server) tells the story of a lady who suf fered from an obstinate corn upon tho smallest too of her left foot. Finally a friend suggested that if phosphorus was rubbed on the affected toe the corn would succumb. The lady determined to try the remedy, and did so just before retiring the other night, and forgot to tell her liege lord what she had done. At midnight the husband suddonly awoke, and was startled to see the flash of a 'firefly at the foot of the bed. He reached out in tho dark and grouped about the carpet until he felt his own heavy shoe. He seized the weapon, slowly and cautiously ' raised himself in bed, and lifting high the sturdy brogan brought it down with a vigorous whack on the innocent firefly. ' A wild shriek, (in avalanche of bedclothes, and the husband lay sprawling in the middle of the floor, whilo his wife rolled round tho bed, clasp ing her foot, and moaning with anguish. It was not a firefly. It was the phosphorus anointed toe. 