TTOUGH THE FHfiNAGL Br J. CRAWFORD SCOTT. QPmblitKed by special arrangement with the '-'- nvthot.) : .... [CHAPTER V. (continued.) When Ward was alone, and caught eight ,-of .-himself in- a looking-glass, he was not .wirpriised that his landlord had taken him for a ghost, for his h»ir was thickly etreaked with white, and had grown very long, while his.faoe could not have been paler had he been dead. Many people would have Bhown more'fear than the superstitious old High lander had they known Ward before he dis appeared and eeen him now. Bat Sindy hid at one period of his life been mate of a Dundee whaler, and North of Caps Wrath he had 'nen~ifuaiva shost -when the first rays of the dawn were struggling through the rents of the wind-riven mists. It was a little time before Ward was able to collect the tumultuous thoughts which .had arisen on hearing the information that had joEt been given him. He was alter nately intensely thankful and wildly trium phant. When he thought of the fact thit the delay of only half & day would have made \- him too late, and remembered the despair with which he had abandoned his efforts for . Us release, he became more firmly con vinced than ever that it was not his imagina tion alone, which enabled him t3 hear that ? beseeching voice which had aronsed him \- again to action. . ? By tie time that he had washed and dressed, the morning had considerably ad vanced.- fie had not yet resolved upon what course he ought to pursue with respect to Faulkner, as his mind was still too unsettled to enable him to form any definite plans, bat . he had already resolved that, as soon as he was in a fit state to appear out of doors, he would go to seek an interview with Ida. He felt that he had still difficulties to overcome, and be was eager to siuck xnem. oat now, with his mind free from the terrible dread Hat had weighed upon it, any obstacle which he anticipated seemed insignificant when compared with what he had already -undergone, and he seemed endowed with fresh strength, which braced bun for all that etill remained to be done. His two looms communicated, and he found it easy to ob- j tain whatever he needed, as fcis property j roa all ente, and juet as he had left it. | About half-past six be heard a hesitating { knock at his door, and in reply to his invi- J tation, 'Come in,' the door slowly opened ' and Sandy MacLeaD's head appeared. j *' Ye are still here !' he aaid in a voice i which betokened surprise. ] ' Yes,' replied Ward, ' and I should be : much obliged if you could get me tome ? fcreikfasr.' 1 ' Ye are welcome, if ye can eat it,' was Sandy's reply, and then he disappeared. 1 For the first time for many a day Ward ; felt a strong inclination for food. Half an j hour later Sandy MacLean reappeared, bring- ? ing breakfast. ' j *. ' Peggy's ra up yet,' be explained, ' an' I didna want to 'waken her ; for if she saw yo eho ruiclit. I-C XCaiECl OOt Ot Her wile, -m* the body h&s; na tbat mony iae lose.' ' . Owing to his canucal experience, Sandy was aV.e both to ccot and lay a table, eo af *»x be had left the room Ward eat down and enjujed a hearty brtaVfast. By-and-bye fiandy returned, and going forward, he coolly lifted the cover from a dish and looked in. 'Ye hae eaten a' the bacon,' her observed, and then raising the lid of the tin teapot be continued, ' an' ye hae drucken a' the tea, an1 je hae eaten haif the loaf, an' the feck o' the butler. If ye can stow awsy a break fast like that. Via thinhin* ye aie nae gha:£t ava, bnt a Christian like mysel' 1 Sec. gi'e me a grap o' jer han't my mon, and let me welcome je lm;k tae the latd o' the leevin'.' And Sandv, wilh seme dcubt still lingering in his big, boncst, seal-like eycs.tgave Watd'd hand a. hearty squeeze. At that moment Peggy made her appfcar ance ; and she falsified her husband's opinion of her by showing no fear at all, but only gnat pity and surprise, as she said in a voice of motherly concern — ' Dear me 1 ;Mr. Ward, can it really be you, tbat we a' thocht had met w' sich an awful end J Bnt pnir, vonng man ; the warld hasna surely been treatin' ye verra kindly ! Howsomever, if ye'll jist let me rin round the corner, and bring Mr. Pescod, the barber, I leak' cae doot that he'Jl woi an improvement on ye.' 'Thank yon, Mrs. SlacLean,' replied Ward ; ' that is exactly what 1 have been wishing for.' When she had gone Bandy observed in a contemptnens tone — ' Jist like a wumman ! Ye see, her first thocht is forextaumal improvement,' Ther, as if to prove that in this respect he differed from bis wife, Sandy went away, -and returned, bringing with him a whiskey bottle and some hot water, with which he mixed a stiff compound, and setticg him the example, made Ward partake of it, who wss greatly benefitted thereby, and he gave his landlord a brief account of his escape. _ The barber soon arrived, and after pass ing through his hands. Ward's appearance showed a decided change for the better. . ^ : Tune had passed so qnicHy that it was now after nine o'clock. Ward asked for bis writingmaterials, and when he had used the m he handed a staled envelope to Sandy, say ing, 'Cm you undertake to deliver this to Mr. Faulkner?' ' I dsur eay,' was the reply. ' I wish you to trnBt it to no one else, bnt to oblige me by delivering it into Mr. Faulk ner a uwu Danu3. ?Til abide by yer directions.' ' Tell him that it was I who gave you this letter to carry to him.' ' 1'U mind tae dee that,' replied Sandy ; and on Ward telling him that he was anx ious that it should be delivered Eoon, the . old man went off at once on his mission. V The letter was a brief one, and contained only the following words — ''I have evidence tnfficient to convict ? you both of embezzlement and incendiarism, , and if yon do not leave Noithport within three hours from the receipt of this notice, I shall lake immediate steps to have you sr rested on these charges. — Thomas 'W abb.' The reason why he was giving Fanikner this opportunity cf escape was that he wished to avoid the ecendal and notoriety HhKhwonld attach tahiBirial, end which most to some extent fall npon the Martins 3 its well as upon himself. He had resolved, ' however, to take steps which would prevent Fanikner leaving the conrrby 'with his £11 '. gotten gains, which he considered as being really the property of Mr. Martin and him self. As soon as he had seen Sandy depart with the letter, lie went out and hailed a cab in order to drive to Mr. Martin's house, which was some distance off. Chaftbb VI. Ida Martin bad a lady friend staying with her, who had just suggested that it was time 'fbrher to begin to put en her bridal attire; ^bot'ehe was Btill decaying, when a servant feam'etotellher that a gentleman had called 'Who wished to see her. The servant had Only been' engaged for' a few days, and he did not know Mr. Ward, who, on -being asked for his name, had simply replied that fie had come to see Mies Martin on business. When Id» entered the room where Ward was. she stopped suddenly on eeejn torn, and her lips parted in amassment. Ohen she ottered a glad cry, and the next mo ment she was in his anna, and, with ner head lying npon his shoulder, she was son Wng as though her heart would break. But thetears that flowed fast from her beautiful eyes, and down her pale cheeks, were i all tears of joy and thankfulness. Till this time Ward ijad-never epoken a word of love to her, nor had a single caress passed between them, but now— with his love still unspoken— he was kissing her brow and lips, and was pressing her t^Hy. to his breast; and Ida felt that she would be content always to remain in the emoraee of these dear arms, and, never be w«ed from them .gain. The »tbBa5nte Bepar*»MO. which had seemed to part them, had ten|bt each of them how dear the otter wm, and during all that separation their WjougBpB had been constantly occupied witt i«Wi other, sometimes to a degree ^that ?re- sembled actual communion, so that now they felt like lovers of long standing who had met after an absence that had seemed eternal. Even beyond this, Wa was regarding him an her saviour from a fate which she dreaded worse than death, and Tbe knew that he had come to rescue her from the life of misery to which she had bsencon ^utnow, at last, he was telling her the depth of hiB love, and, in reply, Bhe was whispering that ehe had never loved an other, but that it seemed sb though her heart had been always bis. Then, in a few brief sentences, he informed her of Faulk ner's villainy, and expressed the belief that they wonld never see him again, as he would seek safety in flight. Ward, accompanied by Ida, now sought Mr. Martin. The old man was naturally much astonished to be bold hie partner ; and his wonder was scarcely less on seeing that Ward waB hold ing his daughter's band with an apparent sense of proprietorship, and that she was regarding him with an nnmittakable look of affection in her tear-stained face. Mr. Martin's surprise was mingled with dis pleasure, as he waB of the belief that some elaborate deception had been practised npon him. It was his daughter's marriage morn ing, yet here she 'was, when she ought to hare had on her wedding drees, looking with eyes filled with love upon a man who was not the bridegroom, and^ who had ap parently risen from the dead 1' ' What is the meaning of all this ¥' de manded the old gentleman in a stern voice. No reriv. Ward stepped forward, and gave him an account of all that had hap pened since they last met, including the proof he possessed of Faulkner's villainy. Ward had aged considerably in appearance, and, while bespoke in au animated tone, both his look and voice sometimes recalled to Mr. Martin those of his father, and he was in consequence the more deeply influ enced by what he heard. But the evidences of what Ward had recently suffered, and the circumstantial natnre cf his account, were in themselves sufficient to gain Mb belief. In addition to this, the losses which the firm bad sustained in recent years, together with Faulkner's acquisition «f wealth, were ac counted for, and Mr. Martin was now prone to believe the explanation. After hearing Ward to the end of what he bad to say, Mr. Martin produced a letter, and then showed the effect which the information had npon him by eaying to his daughter— 'We must always be grateful to Mr. Ward forsavjeg -w from the dinhonor which, i without his intervention, this day would have bronght npon ne.' : ' On hearing this, Ida flung herself npon i ber father's breast, encircling his neck with ' her arms. She did not weep, nor otter a word ; but, as lie felt her tremble convnl : eively, he realised for the first time the \- nature of the sacrifice which she had been willing to make fer him.' ; 'I sta now a poor man,' continued Mr. llartin, addressing Ward, ' and, in order to prore my gratitude, I most give yon all that I have left in the world,' — and as he eaid tbis he plsce his daughter's band in ; Ward's — 'though it is lut a slight proof of my generosity,' proceeded Mr. Martin, smi \- ling Badly, ' to give you what I believe has long been yours. ' I While the lovers talked lowly together, ' Mr. Martin rat down at a table, and wrote a , brief letter, which he enclosed in an envel , ope, and addressed. I 'I intend,' he said, 'to seni this to ^ Faulkcer, to inform him of the decision to 'l which I have come.' I ' It is not likely to teach him,' replied I Ward, ' as I have already warned him, and : told him he must take refuge by flight. My j only reason for not at once delivering him up I to justice was to save you from the publicity connected with his arrest to-day, and also with his subsequent trial and conviction.' ' In some mattere.' replied Mr. Martin, ' you have proved yourself more sagacious than myself; bnt, in your conclusion that Fanikner will try to escape I am nearly cariain that you are in error. As you are aware, he is a man of considerable means, and be has large sums invested in various securities, many of them in this town, cone of which could roagibly be realised at short notice. Althocgh I do not now doubt that he first obtained possession of capital by de frauding the firm, he did not, as you seem to imagine, obtain all or nearly all . his money in that way, because, to my certain knowledge, he has made a great deal in se veral successful ppeculatiocs. Now, even if he had no other reason for remainiag, he will never go away leaving this wealth be hind him. So ; he will stay and defend himBelf from any charges that may be bronght againBt him. Owing to the ability of the man, and his craft and ctime which you have disclosed, although I do not know what there xb now to be afraid of, I believe we nave reason still to dread him. Unless your proof be of the most cogent kind, I feel he will almost manage to escape jub tice.' Ward was about to reply, when a servant came to tell Mr. Martin that Me Fanikner had called, and desired to see him. The two gentlemen exchanged significant glances. ' Give him that,' said Mr. Martin, hand ing to the servant the letter, which he had JEBt written, ' and tell him that I am un able to speak to him.' ' I shall go,' eaid Ward, as soon as the man had left the teem, ' and let him hear what my opinion of him is.' 'No, no,' exclaimed Ida, clasping her lover's arm ; ' he has already neatly killed yon, and I cannot trust you again beside him.' . . . _ Eager as he was to confront the scoundrel, Ward was unable to withdraw himself from the clinging arm that detained him. As Fanikner awaited Mr. Martin's appear ance, he was slightly paler than usual, but there was no sign of alarm in his expression ; on the contrary, his lips were firmly com pressed, and his eyes showed more determina tion than usual. He heard unmoved, the message which Mr. Martin bad eeat, and then be opened the letter, and read as follows.- — *? Six, ? Owing to certain information which [ have received from Mr. Ward, Imustde :line to permit my daughter to marry you. Eon will, therefore, consider the marriage as inally broken off. My daughter herself will refuse under any circumstances to see you. is I understand that Mr. Ward has already sommunicaied with yon, yon will be at no oes to comprehend the motives which have ansed mydedsion.— Yours, fcc, ' HEKfiv MABTFH.' When he had read this, Faulkner coolly sided this letter again, and put it into his pocktt. Then he eaid to the servant, who was waiting to open the door for him — ?? Tell Mi. Martin that I will call npon him a^ain to-morrow.' Only a very few guests had been expected to the wedding, and Mr. Martin waB occupied in writing brief notes to inform them that the ceremony would not take place, when the servant bronght Faulkner's message. ?' You see,' he said, addressing Ward, ' that t was right in thinking that he would: not leave Northport. The information that he is coining again to-morrow is meant, if I mis take not, for yon no has than for myself, and stands tor a defiance 1' ' If he remains, I shall keep my word, and deliver tim up to justice.' 'And it is only right that yon should,' eaid Mr. Martin, rising and pacing up and down in a Btate of greater excitement than £$. had yet shown. ' As I have already said,' continued the 'old man,3'! have implicit be lief, in all ypnr statements. Tbis man, not content with plundering me, has burnt down my property, and as he has the means to te conp me for my iosies.it is only just.tbat he should be compelled to disgorge his booty I am' destitute ; though I am still living In this house, it is no longer mine, and I have not a penny in the world of my own. . It.is contrary to justice that Faulkner should remain nnarrasted, and not be compelled to repair the injury he has done me.' It did not escape WatdiB notice that the old merchant seemed much more anxious that he should be recouped for his losses out of Faulkner's gains than that the law should be vindicated bv the criminal's punishment ; and in Mr. Martins nervous agitation and querulons voice, he thought he could perceive evidences of that weak, ease-loving nature, throngh which he had first neglected his business, and had afterwards been thought lessly willing to make a sacrifice of his daughter. Yet, Mr. Martin possessed many redeeming point*. He was of a quiet, peace ful disposition, and wai an affectionate father. He was a man of considerable cul ture, and his character was held by his friends to be singularly amiable. Ward was not dis posed to attach much blame to him, for, as he looked at the old man's refined features, he could trace in them an unmistakable re semblance to Ida ; out in ner lover v opinion, and, in reality, the daughter, without the father's failings, possessed all bis good quali ties, and many virtues to which he could lay so *»)*»'»- In reply to what Mr. Martin bad given ae his opinion respecting Faulkner, Mr. Ward said — ' We agree in thinking that he ought to be arrested, as soon as me wree noun, which I earned in my letter to him, have passed, I shall go to the police station and give the inf onnation I possess of his guilt.' Ward stayed to an early lunch, and as he was leaving the house he told Mr. Martin that he intended to go at once and secure Faulkner's arrest. On bis arrival at the police station, he was conducted into the presence of the Super intendent The Superintendent was a tall, gaunt individual, with grizzled hair and clearly sbayen cheeks and chic. He was about sixty years of age, though be might lave passed for ten years less. The story of Ward's re-appcar£nce bad already spread through Northport, and had reached his ears, bo he looked sharply at Ward when he en tered the room, and, with raised eyebrows, listened attentively to all he had to eay. The Superintendent was a man of great intel ligence and superior education ; he bad a cynical hnmour, which entered into many o his remarks. Now, the sudden disappear ance of a man, followed some time afterwards by a mysterious re- appearance, are cirenm stances which do not prepossess the police in his favor, and the Superintendent was not exempt from the prejudices of his class, of which he was no more than a typical speci men of the best order. 'Of course,' he eaid, ween Ward had finished what he had to telL 'you have brought these papers which you say contain the proof of embezzlement,' ' I have not ; I left them behind in the cellar.' ' That is a pity, because without them there is at present really no proof at all. Yon demand Mr. Faulkner's arrest, who will donbtlfss declare his innocence, and what proof have I that he is not right and yon are wrong I To put this thing mildly, Mr. Ward,' and the Superintendent gave a rather 'sceptical cough, ' it has happened ere now that men, who have been subjected to such terrible hardships a? tboae which you have ehdnred, have conceived strange fan cies, which have ultimately proved gronnd Iesf. If Mr. Martin himself, now, bad came here and on oath had testified to the Bame matter as yourself, that wonld have been sufficient for me, but according to your own showing Mr. Martin had no suspicion tbat he had been defrauded till you infromed him of the fact. With respect to the charge of UIVUMlUIUUlj J. 41A«b UU ^IIMM C1MIH, C&lX;^l your unsupported a?ssrtions. Unless you bring the papers to which you have referred, and also Mr. Martin, to give his evidence on them, I can do nothing.' 'I shall endeavor to do this,' replied Ward. ' There is only one thing I wish to add be fore you go,' said the Superintendent, speak ing in a more severe tone, ' and that is that you acknowledge you have endea vored to thwart the ends of justice by tell ing a man, whom you believed to be guilty, to escape. Tbat fact, Mr. Ward, and the circumstance that Mr. Faulkner has disre garded your warning, and continues to re main in Korthport are, in my opinion, strongly in his favor.' Before Ward bad time to reply, Faulkner himself entered the room. It would bave been hard to find a cooler and more collected individual than Superintendent Crosby, but on Faulkner's appearance he visibly started, and then he fixed his keen glance npon Ward. ' I desire to be sworn, in order to give an information,' Eaid Fanikner, before anyone tad time to speak. He was accordingly sworn, and then said — (2b be coMimoed.) 