ftfiteg ml Mût*. ORIGINAL POBTRT. " ALLIAUCE,-NOT~DEPENDENCE i" TBE WATCHWORD OF TUB AUSTRALIAN NAT- IONAL ASSOCIATION, AULtvDoe,~-ntt dependence 1 That's the tone 0! et-'ry people e're WM worthy freedom Let faint hearts fear, «od OM-G's bewail. Advance Australia I give no «aar nor heed them, And If your faith should waver ; should ye doubt, Your country's chacees lo the time to be. Behold your children's heritage so wide; This mighty land encircled by the tea. AJUinoe,-notdependeooel Never yet, Old hireling- swords win freedom, she'd leave the land That bred a bastard race content to trait .Vor freedom aod safety to a stranger's band. " We are enoo' for glory." (taime on those Would teach Australiaof they can buy with gold That priceless boon for which their fathers gave, And freely gave, their blood ia days ot old. I Alliance,-not dependence 1 Are not we To freedom's glorious heritage, co-belrs With BrJtooa still at home ? Shall theo our sons filuk in time to be a subject race to theirs ? Teach Youog Australia, lt ye will, the love We boar old firftafo, twill do good, not harm. But teach her firstly, what wade britain great, Uer stout dependence on her own right arm. Alliance,-notdependeooe I "Ties note: Will make the neartof hoting Australia quiver ; Aud start the throbbing ot a oatton'e life, Prom far Cape York unto the Murray river ; And healing all the petty strifes which now keep us divided witta our fiscal wira, Bind to one bond Australia's sons, aod maka Them rally rouod the cross of oliver stare. W. Kidston. When a woman loses anything she oríes ¡ even ia this so when it is her temper which she has lost. Mo man ever forgave a woman for knowing more than be, and the more the knowledge the greater the indignation. " X shall give you ten days or ten shillings, " said the magistrate. " All right said the prisoner, " I'll take the ten shillings." "There are few disappointments in life to that experienced by a man who expects that hs is going to anéese and suddenly dis- covers that be can't. " I threw a atone I knew not where," is the first line of a recent poem. The author's name is not published, but there is little doubt that a woman wrote it. A prominent lecturer was discoursing on the question " Where is tb« Ideal Wife ?" A bald-headed man io the audience arose and said " 8he isn't married yet 1" " That young lady ia aa pretty as a picture," remarked a student at the theatre of a lady in the bax. " No wonder," replied the compan- ion ; '? she is band painted." A lazy fellow who was idling away bis time was asked by a minister where he expected to go when he died. "I shall not go, was the reply ; " I expect to be carried. " Paradise lost," says a recent writer, " was aold for a song." The man who bought it for a song must have considered himself badly sold when be tried to slog it. Young Husband-*' And will you never take the wedding-ring from your nager, dar- ling?" Young Wife-" Never, George ¡ death or divoroe will alone remove it." BddisOn'a Agent-" Wouldn't you like to buy a phonagraph ? It will store up every- thing you say and repeat it to you. Want one f ' Omaha Man-" No ; got a wife." Ada-" Why, one of your cheeks is red as fire, and the other aa pale as a ghost I" Ella " Yes ; Harry was on one side, and I vraa afraid mamma would see us on the other." He is detained by a thunderstorm. " Oh, Harry ! did you hear that terrible clap of thunder just now?" "No, dear, I was lie teoing to you." And be eaw his error too late. Mend-4' And eo you are going to marry young Softly ?" Ethel-" No ¡ I can't marry bim. I never could write a pretty capital S, and so it would be hard for me to write my name. Uncle-" Go and get me e glass of water, please, Tommy." Tommy hesitates. Uncle -" Now, Tommy." Tommy-" But I don't like to leave you alone with the cake, Uncle !" A clergyman «ho preached in a prison a Sunday or two sloes began his discourse in a traditional way, thus-"I am glad, my friends, to see eo many of you here this morn- ing." A reporter who attended a banquet con- cluded his description with a candid state- ment that "it is not distinotly remembered by anybody present who made the last speech.'1 An old lady who has had experience as a boarding-house-keeper, defioes a genius as " a man who knows more'n he can find out, spills vittles on his clothes, and doesn't pay his board relelarly." "I see a buttonless shirt advertised here, John," said a wife, looking up from a paper ; " what kind of a shirt !B that ?" " Just like mine," waa the reply ¡and the wife resumed her reading. Husband-" What is it that you are read- ing, my dear?" Wife-"Aletterfrom mother." Husband-" Anything important in it ?" Wife-" I don't know ; I haven't got to the postscript yet" ( A Yankee captain was caught in the jaw« of a whale, but waa finally rescued badly wounded. On being asked what he thought while in that position he replie l " I thought he would make about forty barrels." Clergyman (exaroinining a Sunday-school class)-" Now, can «ny of you tell me what are sins of omission ?" Small boy-"Please, air, they're the eine you ought have committed and haven't." Here ia the latest de6nitton of " fashion," which appeared lately in a leading ParU newspaper :-"fashion is an inven lon of rogues and traders, whioh is adopted and fol- lowed by imbeciles." "Well, Edith, did Mr. Lambrequin make yon an offer of his hand last night?" *' No, mamma ; he's so »hy, you know-has never got any further than offering me his arm so far." An urchin unconsciously perpetrated a great joke at the expense of bis teacher the other day. 1 fae lady was announcing to her pupiU the holiday on thc 22nJ day of Febru- ary, and asking them som-; questions concern- ing its observance among others why the birthday of Washington mould be celebrated more than that of anyone else. " Why," she added more than mine ? You may tell me," ehe eaid to a little fellow eager to explain. "Because," heexclaimed with great vivacity, ** because he never to d a lie " 