HUMOUR. The rolling joke gathers lots of moss.— 1'uek. Hamlet is a play for all time. It will never give up tho ghost. It is a smart man who knows his own pic ture when it is published in a newspaper.— Washington Star. There wore four candidates for the Presi dency of the French Chamber, and Mr. Devjlle was tho hindmost. The wise geographer who has his eye on tho royal family of Germany is not publish ing any large and expensive map of Europe just now. A Buientist says a wasp may be picked up if it is done quietly. Yea; it is when the wasp is laid down again that the noise begins. —life. Wifo—Women are ofton criticised for wearing loud oolours. What would you call a loud colour ? Husband—Yeller, I suppose. Boston Journal. ' Water is medioine,' read a toper in a sani tary journal. ' Next, some fool will be ad vocating water as aboverage,' he added, with a look of disgust. 'What a labour-saving invention tho type writer is! Don't you find it a groat con venience?' ' Convenience'( Drat 'em! They marry off faster than I can fill their places.' Boing asked to state her birthplace and when she was born, the witness, an actress, answered : England. I was born on a duto which I was too young to know. I am old enough to testify. 'A genteel carver,' says a book on eti quette, ' always sits when he carves.' Carvers who get on the table and have a wrestling match with the chioken are known by some other name. No Nearer Relationship—Fascinating I'e male Pawnbroker (a widow using the privi lege of the year)—Mr. Augustus, I lufs you. Vill you pe mein husbant? Augustus (firmly)—No, Mrs. Solomon Levi; you can only be an uncle to me. In great luck—Friend—' Was your unole's will satisfactory to you, Brown ?' Brown— Perfectly so. I'm a lucky dogHe left his entire fortnne to an insane asylum.' 'You mean that you are an unlucky dog.' ' No I don't. Tho other relatives are going to con test the will, and I'm going to be the attorney. —Life.' ' No, James,' said a young wife, ' I don't like that house we looked at. Why, there isn't a cobweb in the whole pantry.' ' What do you want a cobweb in the pantry for ?' asked her husband. ' Why, to hang the spider on, to be sure.' Husband—Wasn't it very late last night when young Sampson left ? Wife—Yes, very. Husband—And Clara is not up yet ? Wife—No, poor, girl.., I thought I would let her sleep. Husband—I wonder if the young man really intends to propose to Clara 'i Wife—I think lie has done so already, I noticed this morning when I came down that one of the legs of the large easy-chair in the parlor was broken. He (admiring a vase of (lowers)—Aren't they beautiful ? Do you know, Miss Bough, tliey remind me oi you ? She (softly)—But, Mr. Cute, they are artificial. He—Ah, yes; tut you'd never know it.—Judge. The Patent Bed Spbing.—Our patent spring bed has been remodelled. The one for two in a bed is so arranged that the part the wife lies on oan be set by the husband unknown to the former, and it springs her out of bed and stands her up on the floor at any hour for which it is set. It then remains turned up on one edge so she cant get baok again, at least on her side of the bed, and she won't come back on his side, for she's too all-fired mad to come near him. So tho result iB that she is compelled to dress and go down-stairs to see to breakfast, and the old man will get a rest. Oh, it's a daisy. satisfied. There was a sign upon a fence— The sign was < Paint,' And everybody that went by, Sinner and saint, ) Put out a finger, touched tha fence And onward sped, And as they wiped their finger tips, ' It is.' they said. —Boston Courier. 