LONGFORD NOTE?S. The Warden presided at the Polie Court this morning, but there was only one case, that of D. and I. against a female, who was sentenced to one hour, having been in the lock-up since Wednes day night. I have been requested by the solicitor for the defendants in the civil case Comn mercial Bank v. Brown and another, to correct or explain my paragraph on the subject which appeared in last Tuesday's issue. My report set forth that I was reliably informed that the case was settled by the defendants "paying the ameount due." Inow learn that a compromise was effected, and that the amount paid was not the amount claimed. I regret that I was misled by my informant (who did not thoroughly explain himself), and trust that none of tle parties interested ill suffer, either in body, soul, or pocket, by the apparent error in print of " Longford Notes." Again I say, ExBericetia doeed. To be choked at any time, or in any way, one may presume in the absence of proof positive from the spirit world would be any thing but a pleasant sensation either for bipeds, quadrupeds, or any other pods, One (withpowertoadd to the number) mayfur ther presume that it mattereth littlewhether the sensation is caused by a cooked apple dumpling or a moderate size raw potato stopping the thoroughfare down the throat; the line, especially of conduct, is inter. rupted all the same in either case, and the results are, might I be allowed to ay en passant, just about upon an equalilty. Vegetables have been truly pronounced as wholesome diet, so much so that "real vegetable pills " are now freely advertised to tempt those who wish to take the desideratum in a concentrated form instead of mixing it methodically, as many are wont to do, with fine roast beef, sucking pig, etc., at the midday meal in a sort of turn about fashion. These last remark, of course apply more par. ticularly to those bipeds who, humanely speaking, govern the world, if not their own sweet tempers and appetites. There are, however, other bipeds and other qucadrupeds who favour vegetation; to wit, wandering and froward cows, who outisn this direction, if no where else, seem to have a great weakness for raow potatoes, maybe because they think that stolen laterr, like stolen kisses, are sweet, at anyrate they vegetate, eat the vegetable referred to, and, for aught I know, may fitly be termed vegetarians. Several instances have come under my notice of late where the way of transgressing cows has proved hard, but' I will make mention of two only. which will, I think, suffice to illus' trate the penny wise and pound foolish policy adopted by their respective ownero in not subscribing to the leading journal of the north. Number one in taking its walks abroad a short time ago wandered into a yard, where, alter having a good look roand, it espieda store door open, helped itself liberally to new potatoes, until one stopped the usual thoroughfare, necessitating its being driven home, where, as a natural consequence,it soon gave up the ghost. Number two, belonging to another resident, and upon another occasion, narrowly escaped a similar fate. Now there cannot be the slightest doubt that had the owner of the first-named subscribed to the Eamnintr and kept his cow at home it would this da be in the land of the living. Reducedto six and sixpence per quarter cash, sixpence per week, or one penny per copy-not the cows, but the Launceston Examsirer., Read. Amongst other losses caused by the recent long drought is one which will pstfec more particularly the angling community in the Crossydistrict. Through several of the creeks drying up a large numbercf brown trout with which they were well stocked have been found dead. Now audi alteram parlees. Re the water com" mencing to run in dry creeks, Mr. W. F Williams, of Newry Tannery, has just in formed me that he knows of several in stances similar to those recently mentioned in the Examiner--one at Pateena, ond another between the Rising Sun Inn and the site of the old toll bar, where the water flowed much more freely from springs during the drought than it haddonofor some time previously. I understand that the Rev. T. W. Dunn will give one of his interesting lectures in our Assenibly-room next weekr. For day and date roe Monday's Examiner, April 13. 