A MINER'S MILLION. B* J. MONK FOSTER, Author of " Carchester"! Vengeance,' "For Lore and Gold," " A Poor Main Tragedy," Ac. t&LL; miQHTS BSS&VED.;] CHAPTER XIY.—[Concluded) Wilier rummaged through the remaining books, not a fewof whioh ne reoogniaed as early acioaintanoes, bat he coald not find what he was seeking. Then he remembered WUion saying the marriage certificate and portrait were in a large volume with clasps." "Had the volume that yon sold Mr. Holden clasps to it?" " Yes, and fine massive ones they are, too." M When does this Mr. Holden live ?" "At Gladstone Villa, Wast Derby—good morning, if yott're off." an hoar he was ringing the bell at Gladstone Villa, and he was so fortunate as to catoh the town councillor at home. Mr. Jonathan Holden Was a big, red-faoed, sandy- bearded man, very farmer-like and pleasaat-looking. Walter liked his looks, and spoke oat :— H I believe yon have lately purchased an Old oepy of 'Fox's ~ ' * knew , __ believe the'book oontaini'a marriage~oertifi otto «nd a portrait, which are of great value to mie." "Quite true; I bought the book, but haveot had time to took through it yet. Til fetoh.it, «nd if there's anything in it you are wekome to what there may be. I will not be an instant" He was back again quickly, bearing in his hands a stout old volume, with heavy.brats dansa-wbioh seemed familiar to.Walter. The bow was handed to the yoong man, who was tnmMiag with exaUement ; he undid the ouv, shook the volume, and there tumbled onto the floor an old envelope. Soiling it. he tuxfted out its eotents, and discovered a macrfcgeoertlfioate and portrait. A hurried look At the piotare revealed the faoe of his •wWhaarti Alice Wilson; the HUM fairskin, perfect features, deep blaok eyes and •ystaows. Xhm Walter turned to the gentleman ffrillff Mm, saying :— .•<x have no time to explain matters'now, Mr. Holden. Here is my cud. Some day I wiU tell yoa more. Permit me to thank you heartily lor your kindness, and wish you good morning." "Good morning, Mr. Gray," the other replied, "I am glad to render you a service— good morning." Walter was out of the villa and entering the cab almost before the other had oeased speaking. He told the cabman to drive qaiokly to Lime- street Station, oaught a train there soon after, and was soon back again in Torleigh. Then with glad eyes he hastened home where he had bade Alice await his return, and even as he raised the knooker the door«pened, his love confronted him with expeotant face, and he placed the portrait in her hands without a word. i ( It is my mother! It is my mother!" she cried, kissing the picture, and letting big tears drop on it, "A week since I should have said it was yon,darling. How you resembleeaohother ? " Yes; but let me see the certificate, Walter. Let me satisfy myself that mother mi. an honest-woman, and that I have no reason to blush4m hex account or my own." Hs handed the paper to her and she scanned it attentively. "Yes, yes. it is all right, and I always doubted my mother. How much she must ban suffered God alone knows." "We must lose no time, Alice. Your father is dangerously ill and is eager to see yoa. We will go for the locket containing the its, and then set ofi at once for Al- Priory. I promised my cousin to you back with me." jes my—my father live at at Aldayne Priory?" ."Yes. Yon are a great heiress now, and JOB will be jilting me, I suppose?" "Isn't Aldayne Priory in Yorkshire?" ""Yes, and it is a very beautiful place." •You remember iue asking you for a few days leave to visit a friend of mine who was going to America? She lived at Aldayne." JnTes, I remember." r Well, a remarkable thing ocsurred daring my visit then—at least, it seemed verv Mnartlar to me." ^f Indeed, what was it ?" «0a reaching Aldayne railway station I found that I was nearly a mile and a half from the village, i asked the way, and was shown across the fields. I went on right' enough till I oame to two paths leading out of the one I was in, Not knowing which to take I paused, and glaucing around saw a man seated behind a hedge a few yards from where I stood. He had not noticed my approach and stoppage beside him. His head was sunk upon his knees as though he were asleep or deeply reflecting. I was about to ask him which of the two paths led to the village when he looked up, and seeing me standing quietly beside him appeared greatly Startled. Before I could speak a word he : jumped exddedly to his feet, and gazing upon me with strange wild eyes uttered my own christian name, and then fell senseless to the ground. A strange thing, wasn't it ?" "It wasn't so strange as you think it. Poor Wilson mistook you for your mother, and yon resemble her portrait to nearly that it was no wonder he did so." "It was my father, then, that I frightened Walter?" " Yes; he thought that yon were his first wife's ghost, That was the origin of his gnMUt illness. The shook turned his "His first wife 1 Why, is my father married again?"' "Yes, be is married again, and his wife has a son. Bat his second wife is his wife in fascy only, for he married her while your mother was alive." "I suppose that my father's second wife did not know that he had been mimed before, and that his first wife was then living?" "Certainly not!" "And if I goto the Priory she will learn that she is a dishonoured woman, and that her child ii illegitimate?'' " She will become aware of her real position, that is alL" "Then I will not go. I am satisfied to know that my mother was an honest woman, and that I have no reason to be ashamed of my birth, and my appearance in my father's house would only bring misery and shame upon this woman and her child." " But you must go, Alice ! Your fithsr i8 dying, and, surely, you will not refuse to see him now? Give him a chance of making some atonement for the past." "But the amends my father intends to make is to be made at the cost of his second wife and child. To make restitution to me others are to be sacrificed, Twere as well to let the old wrongs remain unrighted' as to perpetrate fresh wrongs." "Have some pity on your father—think how he longs to see you. At least go and see him, Alice." "I will go to him, bnt £ do not pretend to understand the love that has laid dormant for so.mauy years. £ will go to the Priory, bnt my identity must be kept unknown to all but my father. I will not injure this woman and her son." 'They were now beside the house in which Alios lived. They went in together, and when she fetched the locket the portraits it contained only afforded farther proof of Alice Wilson's identity, as Walter had expected. The locket proved beyond all question the problem of Alice Wilson's paternal relative, for the male portrait it held was that of Wilson Gray, and the other likeness tallied exactly with the one found in " The Book of Martyrs." Having procured all that was necessary, Walter, accompanied by Alice, at once set put for Aldayne Priory. Walter was far from being satisfied with Alice's decision to retain her incognito at the Priory, and to permit Lady Ruth to believe herself the wife of Wilson Gray, and he determined to enlighten her as to her ladyship's real character. "I suppose, Alice," he began, "that yoa know that the large fortune now possesjei by your father once belonged to me. Yoa will have lesrned so much from the Torleigb g6tsips." " Indeed, I never heard a word about it. I. have only heard vague allusions to Jacob Gray and tohis wild son. I haven't ..been in Ttaleigh long, you know. But how was it -that the property changed hands, Walter?'' " I will tell you. When my nnole Jacob died he left the bulk of his fortune to year f&tfer;—wbOM whereabouts were then unknown—provided that he turned up in five years. But he did not turn up, and the property became mine," "And he oame back after, I suppose, and fTractly° P Well? at the time I held the property I was engaged to a beautiful, highborn woman. When your father appeared I save him his own, and when I told my affianced of what I had done, she ridiculed me for doing so. She said that I was not just, but Quixotic. I was mad. she averred, to hand over such a great fortune to a drunkitd, a gambler, and BO forth, and, finally, she jilted me." "Poor fellow. But you soon got over your erotic troubles it appears." "Iknow now, Alice, that I never loved ter, and it appeared that she didn't care about me, for in a few months afterwards she carried a rich man, who was old enough to Jphfr father." "Whgwiiibe?" "A Lady Bath Gordao, and the man she married was your father, to whom I had given np a fortune. " What 1 after jilting you and oalllng him drunkard and gambler? "Yes. What do you thank of her! And this Is the heartless woman for whom yoa are thinking of doing iqjastloe to yourself rather than Injure her fair fame." "I do not think much of her ladyship, certainly. 8BIL it is certain that she would never have married my father had she kno wo that he had been married before and that his first wife was still alive at the time." "Whatyousay may possibly be true, but it makes fiuth (Jordan—for that is what she really is—no better woman. She married your father from the vilest of motives—a mercenary one—and die deserves whatever dishonour and discomfort hor actions may bring upon her. Don't lyou think that she does, Alice ?" "Perhaps? are you not quite sure after what I have told you ?" "I think, dear that you are a little bit prejudiced against Buth Gordan, as yoa persist In oalllng her." "Why do yon think so?" "Because ohe jilted you," she said with a merry laugh. "But, Alioe, do yon still adhere to your resolve to go to the Priory and after seeing your father Icome awav without letting Lady Ruth know her real position and your own also?" "After what you have told me I do not see that her ladyship deserves that I should practise any Self-denial on her behalf. What do ycu think, dear ?" "Certainly not, Alioe. %hat b what I have argued all along." " Then, I shall remain at the Priory if my father desires that £ should do so, and claim my right to be considered my father's daughter. I cannotsay that I feel very sorry for the woman with whom my father committed bigamy, for she seems to be a hearties woman of the world, but I pity her tihlld, for the poor little thing is quite blameless, and it will have to suffer for the folly of its parents," "lam glad that you have come to that conclusion, for even if you had remained firm in your resolve to let Lady Ruth still think herself yonr father's first and only wife it would have been of little avail." "How do you make! that out, Walter? Do you think that my father would have told all the facts of the case to her ladyship? I hardly think that he would have done so When he learned that I did not desire to ba known to the world as his daughter." "Most probably your father would have been guided by your wishes in the matter, Alice." "How, then, would my wish to spare her ladyship have been useless ?" " Because I would have related all I knew to her, and I would have made the world acquainted with all the ins and outs of the case. So yoa see that your mercifulness would have been thrown away." " Yon hate this woman, and I thought you incapable of aught save love." ' I will not spare her, Alice. Such women as Lady Ruth spare no one and themselves deserve no mercy—here we are at last," he added as a rusty-throated porter shouted: " Aldin! Alain! " and the train came to a stop. 