CHAPTER II. Perceiving that it would be impossible to set my horse down where we were, and having no time to spare in seeking a track, I fastened his bridle to a tree close by, and began to cautiously descend the steep and rocky precipice, for it was little else. Every thing went well till within about thirty feet of the bottom, when, a treacherous fern giving way, I fell, tumbling and rolling over and over on to the grassy fiat where my lost flock was regaling. Fortunately I was un hurt ; and, after a short Bpell. spent in re covering my breath, I started to put the sheep together, a task which, having no dog with tne, I found a far from easy one, my charges simply regarding my efforts with an affectation of placid interest that was in tensely aggravating, gently nodding their stupid heads the while, as much as to say, " Don't duster yourself; we're in no par ticular hurry. Left ltover at home to-day, did you ? Yes, we're doing very nicely in deed, thanks; bo don't get frantic, as we're not going to shift our quarters yet." At length, hot, tired, and out of breath, mentally execrating the whole sheep family, i walked tor a rest and a drink towards a spot where the creek llowedcool and deep through a clump of timber. As 1 made my way amongst the thick ti-tree and stringy-bark, 1 all at once found myself in front of an old and dilapidated hut, the picture of loneliness and desolation. The slabs of which it was built were black and rotten with age, whilst huge bunches of tungi strove to fill up the yawning spaces be tween them. On tne rotting shingles of the I rooi grew thickly long, rank grass and terns, I from whose leaves already the dew was j [ tailing slowly over the eaves on to the damp, | marshy soil with a dull, monotonous, heavy : drip, whose sound alone was saddening. I | Looking curiously in at the op n doorway, j II could see through the gloom more great i | fungi uplifting their white and yellow heads I between the flooring boards, many of which,! I noticed, had been pulled up, and lay j I strewed about everywhere. I had long ago surmised that I must have found my way I into the " Gulf." 1 was now convinced that such was the case, also that this must be the identical haunted hut of the tall stock man's story. At the back of the hut, the creek, which here flowed sluggishly atui<lst tall reeds and (lags, formed in their midst a lame water hole, deep and black- looking, close to which wa3 a space about twelve feet square, once j evidently fenced off to protect a grave; but now the posts and rails, in common with everything else in this most forlorn and desolate spot, had yielded to decay, only a single panel remaining upright. Fenny royal and horehound grew luxuriantly over the last resting-place of the old shepherd, for such 1 had little doubt it way, whiist as 1 approached, a kookaburra iiew off his perch with a burst of eldritch screaming so hideously in contrast to the former oppressive silence that it thoroughly startled me.. Walking along the creek through the rank grass, standing in some places up to my waist, 1 came on ttie remains of an old yard, which, with a little patching, 1 soon saw might be made to hold my sheep could I but get them into it, for I was determined not to leave them at large in the Gulf, doubtless the abode of numerous dingoes, who, I marvelled much, had not already sampled the quality of their visitors. Accustomed as they were to being yarded every night, I found much less trouble in getting^the -sheep in than 1 had anticipated, and Boon had the satisfaction of seeing them snugly camped ami chewing their cud. As for myself, 1 bad intended to take up my quarters amongst them, but rain com mencing to fall in a heavy, New England drizzle, I was compelled, although rather loth, to seek ehelter in the dismal hut, which was only about "200 yards away. My first thought cn entering the semi darkness was for a light of some kind, eu, piling up a few of the mouldering boards in the tire-place, I soon had a cheerlul blaze shed ding its warmth around, fiuc what rather surprised me was the presence on the hearth of a pile of wood-ashes,, evidently not many days old; and, casting my eyes around, i saw on one side of the wide chimney a roujh bunk covered with half-dead leaves-leaves which still bore.the impress of a human body. Taking a fire-stick in my hand, I peered into the other room, but there was nothing to be Been save more aptorn boards, and many holes dug in the earth beneath them. Sitting there, smoking my pipe by the Hick ering fire, and listening to the ceaseless splash, splash of the rain as it tan off the vegetating roof ou to the sodden ground beneath, whilst now and again, on the wind which soughed mournfully through the tree', came the bowl of a distant dingo, or. the harsh cry of a curlew, 1 could not tor the lite of me keep from thinking ot the gruesome story connected with the place, ..or from at times glancing nervously at the opposite side of the chimney, which tbe half-smouldering pine now lit vividly up, anon lelt in total darkness, wonderiug to myself where the murder had been committed, and by whom ; and whether, after all their searching, they had found the dead man's hoard. , 1 remembered vividly, too, the description of the ghost, sitting by the lire, ita head hang ing down on its breast; striving the next minute to laugh myself out of such foolish fancies; but, although not naturally of a superstitious turn of mind, so dreary were the surroundings, so stupidly active my imagination, that my efforts met with only a very moderate amount of succees. ' Tired of smoking and thinking, I at length took an armful of leaves from the bunk, on which, Bomehow, 1 felt a strong disinclina tion to lie down, and epreadine them in the furthest corner of the inner room, buttoned up my coat, stretched myself out, and strove to get sotae sleep. For % long time my efforts were in vain, for the wind, now risen to a'gale, howled dis mally around and through the loose slabs, which at every wild gust, together with the rest of the craEyirallding, creaked and rattled In eerie concert with *be monotonous rash ot the Tain that, as tbe night wore oa, began to poar in atreamsdowp the bid broken chimney fail hissing on to the hot embers. My last thougbtwasthat probably before daylight the whole place would be under water, and then, tired oat, I fell asleep. I was awakened by the sound of voiceB. _ "Oh, bother the fire!" someone was say ing. 1 Never mind that; it's only a water hole, not a fireplace. Here's light enough for our business." Then I heard the sound of a match being struck, and presently a sickly gleam shot through the slabs, into my room. Cautiously rising, I crawled softly over the bunches of elastic, leathery fungi to the partition and peeped through. On the middle of the bench, where I had been sitting a tew houra ago, was stuck a fag end of candle, furiously flaring and guttering, whilst in one of the two faces bent ever it I immediately recognised that of the story telling 'stockman. His companion was a short-set, dark-fook mg ruflian, who glanced around suspiciously aB he said " What a thunderin' dog-hole to bring a feller to a night like this ! Couldn't you find another place in all the bush ?" " Well, you see," replied the other, " it's handy fer us, as people never comes ar.igh it. They're scared o' ole Bill's ghost. I doesn't mind it much myself in daylight; but I camped here one night last week an' was too fraid to go to sleep." " Bosh!" was the contemptuous answer, as, producing a aevolvcr, the speaker laid it on the bench. .' Ghosts is gammon ! It's live ghosts as I'm afraid on- ghosts in blue jacket! an' cord breeches, as rides 'orses with a "crown brand on 'em, an' is doin' their best to spoil our little game in thfse parts. l>uL now, let's get to work au' then clear, llow many head this time?" " Three 'nnderd an* twenty, nearly prime," replied the stockman. " Good," exclaimed the other, with a harsh lau^h. " Why, Jim, the Major'Il be for put tin? his station on the market aR 1 un stocbed' when he comes home if you keep going on at this rate." | " No business o' yourn, is it," demanded j the olher sulkily, " where tlie beasts come from or where they doesn't ?" "Not a bit, mate, not a bit," was the reply, 'as long as I gets 'em. Are they all ready ?" J " All ready to start at daylight," answered j the stockman. " They're up at the yard by j this, with Tom an' the rest o' your chops." The dark man now produced a bundle of bank-notes, which he proceeded to CGunt I slowly down, the other watching eagerly I every motion of hit hand. " j Ail this time I squatted in ray corner, scarcely daring to breathe, for I knew now ! that I was in the haunt of a gang of desperate cattle-stealers. Both men were kneeling on the Uoor, and as I gazed at their villainous faces, nearly meeting over the candle fl-itce, I debated with myself whether to make a rush for it, or trust to the chance of remain ing undiscovered where I was. ' As I decided on the latter plan, the re ceiver of the stolen cattle, having divided his notes into two piles, said, " Three hundred an' twenty head, Jim. Well, accord in' to our 'greement, that makes exactly . . At this moment the wretched sheep, as is sometimes their wont at the approach of dawn, broke out into one universal, pro longed bleat, and the speaker, snatch ins: at and pocketing the money, grasped his re volver, and leaped to his feet "What's that cursed row?" he demanded threateningly of his companion, who had also risen. " You needn't be so scared," said the latter with a sneer. "It ain't troopers, only a lot o' lost sheep bleatin'. They're travellers. I seed 'em yesterday a-feedin' on the flat yonder." But the other was not so easily reassured, and, darting a suspicious look at the stock man, he took the bit of now nearly exhausted candle from the stool and advanced towards the doorless entrance of the room in which I lay. Seeing that be was bent on a search, and that I must inevitably be discovered, and probably be shot down without the slightest delay, I rose, and, as he came stumbling amongst the lo^se boards, tripped him, in tending to rush through the other door into the storm and darkness outside. Uttering a furious oath, he fell, discharg ing in quick succession, as he did so, two chambers of his revolver, which, with the candle, flew out ot his hands. As I made a spring past he clutched me by the legs, and in a minute we were grappling and tearing at each other on the threshold of the rooms. Yelling, "Come Jim, the traps is on us !" he twined his long muscular arms around me in such a way that, although uppermost, I was powerless, for he was by far the stronger man of the two, and I felt that it only needed his comrade's aid to put atx end to the affair at once. Over and over we rolled amonzst the rotten timber, he struggling fiercely, but no longer calling for the aid that came not. I was nearly exhausted by my eflorts, and had Jong ago lost my advantage in position; all I could do being to. with my remaining strength, cling to him and impede as much as possible hia exertions to get free from the embrace in which I still held him. But at length, by a sudden twist and turn, he contrived to thrust me between two of the heavy flooring slabs, so that 1 was fairly pinioned, with one arm underneath, in a narrow coffin-like cavity. " Now I got yer!" he growled, pantinely, and 1 instinctively knew that he was feeling for a knife, and that my moments were numbered. ' One more desperate attempt 1 made to throw him off, and I could hear tbe souud of steel falling as be dropped the knite to again secure me; but, as I was forced irresistibly down between the tkick slabs, I heard, too, above all the roar of wind and rain, the galloping rush of many horses; bright streaks of iiarne shot across my dazzled eyes ; loud voices sounded in my ears; L was sen-1 sible of something descending close to my face with a dull, sickening crash ; of the pressure on my chest relaxing, and then I must have becouxc unconscious, tor on coming to uiyself a?ain the hut was crowded with men, whilst torches cast their ilaming glare into every corner, and someone was pouring spirits down my throat with no niggard hand. llising with difficulty to my feet, for I was terribly stiff and tore, I walked into the outer room,where lialf a dozen troopers stood gazing at the body of the Atockmnn, which lay across the fireplace in a pool of blood, lie had been shot dead by a ball from tbe pistol of my late adversary, who, having been I knocked senseless with a blow from tbe butt end of a carbine, was also Btretched out At full length on the lloor, heavily ironed aud bleeding freely. In tbe sergeant who commanded the police I recognised an old acquaintance, and he told me that the gang had long been a terror in the district, although only lately was it sus pected that their head-quarters were in the Gulf. The officer was greatly elated at his Buccess, which it seemed wasmoBt complete; and, said he, after 1 had recounted'jny.«hare in the adventure *' Bv Jove. Mr. . we didn't uut In an appearance a bit&oo; eoon Joaave yoartiacohl You see, we were at^iB tDp end of the Gulf all day yesterday, watching the yard, as they call it, where they keep the sifcolen cattle till the fresh brands heal a bit. Welt, when we made oar dart last night, I was badly vexed that we had missed the leader and biggest rogue of the lot. However, as luck'd hare it, one of the others split, and told as that ' Black Tom,' as they call him, your friend there, had gone on to the Murdering lint with Long Jim from Cutta Cutta, whose caitie-shflking days are over for good now. So away we came fall tear, and arrived, ap parently, only just in time to prevent as bad a job as the old shepherd's. Ah, I had that case in hand for ttmhy a day, but have never been a bit the wiser yet" It was now broad daylight, and the ser geant kindly sent his black tracker-for mr horse, which he found had broken his, bridle and returned to camp. On his way back he also picked ap three of my men who had been out half the night senrching for tne. A light spring-cart had bv this time arrived, in which the body of the stockman and that of the as yet senseless "Mack Tom" were placed. I may here mention that the latiet never recovered. His skull tfas fractured, and be died before the party got to the town of A . Committing the sheep to my men, I rode w>th the sergeant up tne Gulf till we came to n place where a cl-iit in the towering cliffs led into a sort of natural paddock, the en trance to which had been rendered secure by Song saplings laid like slip-rails. Here we found more police, the stolen cattle, and the other prisoners, who were presently secured on led horses. Two men were left with the cattle, and then the cavalcade moved slowly away up the steep and rocky track. bidding good-bye to my friend the sergeant, promising, also, to come into A on the tollowing day, I rode after my sheep-the un witting causes of so much trouble. Before leaving it, the police haa set Gre to the old hut, ar.i I turned aside for a last iook at the place in which I had had such a narrow escape, and undergone so many varied and unpleasant emotions. So rapidly had the lire, in spite of tne soaked wood, done its work, that already nothing remained except a heap of ashes, hot and blaeii. upon which the rain again commenced to. fall heavily, aa if Mother Nature bad deter mined to conceal as quickly as might be, under a robe of green, the dark crime-stained scar on her bosom. 