SIR H. DETJipCONli WOIiFFS GHOST STtiRY; ' A MYSTERIOUS SUMMONS.' : (From Murray's Mar/azirie.) The following ,story was told me by a. lady. She was the wife of a ri6h squire in the east of England, after whose death she married a well-known Italian. ' She was a woman of great information, though some what eccentric. She had heard the. story with dates and the names of persons and places. These she., h ad forgotten, and, had never been able, to/supply them'. ' .- ',' She declared, however, 'that she was positively assuredJ'that all the.details had been verified by the French public authori ties where the events related had occurred^ and that the records still' existed some where, if the.place could only ,be' found. , During ' the ' .'French ? Eevolution, . ,twb Frenchmen of high biith, Count AV and Viscount B., were despatched by the Royalist party ou a mission to England. During their journey on horseback to a northern port of France, where a vessel awaited them, they were on one occasion benighted in the middle of a wide heath. Riding slowly forward they perceived a light from what turned out to be a large and solitary chateau. After some knocking steps were heard slowly coming in the ?«rnivi wit-.iiin. mid at' last the door was cautiously unlocked. A porter, or .care-, taker peered through the narrow opening and asked the reason of the knocking. ' We have lost our way and are tired and hungry. We require shelter and food for ourselves and our horses.' 'Impossible!' was the churlish reply, and the door was about to be closed, when one of the travellers intercepted it with his foot, and producing a pistol, said — 'We are quite ready to pay for our lOtlglllg aim auppur, uuu wu uumivu yw further to-night.' The caretaker paused for a moment, as though reflecting, and at last he said — ' [ will give you shelter for the night, and food for yourselves and your beasts, on one condition, viz., that you give me your word of honor as gentlemen, which 1 am sure you are, that nothing will induce you to leave the room I give you, and that to-morrow at daybreak you go on your journey without asking any q\iestions. The promise given, the door was opened; and the horses taken to the stables, which were within the court. The porter then led the two travellers up a1 splendid stair case and through a long corridor hung with tapestry, at length1 turning into n large empty room furnished, as a drawing- room, and evidently belonged to 'the dwelling of a wealthy noble. Near the door was a large fireplace in which a fire soon blazed. Candles were lighted, and the travellers saw two large and luxurious beds, with rich heavy hang ings, one nearer than the other to the entrance. A table was placed near the lire, and before long a substantial supper was brought, the utensils supplied for the' meal, and all the belongings of. the house showing considerable luxury; After eating their supper the two tra vellers went to rest. The elder took the bed nearest the door, leaving the other, at some two feet off, to his companion. ,' Logs had been placed on the fire sufficient for the night, the door was locked, and the wayfarers gladly betook themselves, to sleep. About an hour after going to sleep the elder suddenly woke; starting in his bed. He could not account for this sudden waking. The room was' strongly lighted by the fire, there was no noise, and Count A. was about to lay himself once again on the pillow, when a remarkable sight met him. A man of striking appearance, with a grey beard, but dressed m the' ordinary blouse, walked slowly towards the bed. When he had approached within a few feet he beckoned three times to the Count, as though wanting him to follow. The Count gazed at him without moving, when the figure, bowing courteously, turned round and walked slowly away, stopping from time to ' time and looking back, repeating his beckoning* gesture, with an imploring gaze, till he reached the door, when he disappeared. Naturally startled at this unusual appearance, Count A. rose from his bed arid, walked to the, door to see if it had been tampered with', but it was still locked. Very weary, he turned into his bed and once more fell asleep. ' About an hour ..later . he. again started in the 'same sudden manner. Again he saw the same figure, this time nearer his bed. Again did it beckon to him -to, follow, and. moving towards the door, turned with greater eagerness, and still oftener than before, to repeat tiie same motion with his hand. The hand was that of a gentleman, small and white, and with a ring ori one of the fingers. Frightened at this extraordinary awr parition, Count A. this time woke his, companion and narrated what had pa'ssedj 'Nonsense,' replied the .latter, 'you ate too much supper arid have been awoke by. a nightmare. , I, am really too tired to talk about it.'' The nervous earnestness with which the older traveller repeated the story, how ever, impressed the younger, until he pro posed that the curtains of the Count's bed should be tied to the bedclothes of his, so that in case, of a third visit he could be, awakened without noise. After securely fastening the curtains of one bed to the coverings of the : other, each returned to. his own couch. ''.?;'?? '..,.'?' A third time ' the. Count . was . awakened in the same startling manner. The figure stood close to his bed, and the face of the visitor looked .down on that of the awakened sleeper. The features of the apparition were plainly marked. They exhibited great pain and sadness. The Count grasped the hangings! The ap parition held up liis hand. The Count jerked at his curtains, but they fell .back without resistance, for the knot had be come untied. Once again the figure retreated, sorrowfully, turning but seldom to beckon, as though the attempt had been given up in despair. ..'... It was now near daybreak. The Count awoke his companion, and they sat up together till morning. ? ?!,-'..' : Shortly' after .dawn the caretaker, ac . cording to previous agreement, knocked, at the door, .which. the Count, unlocked without difficulty, and the morning meal was brought '.'iii. : The caretaker looked curiously at the two visitors as, though 'inclined to. ask questions. He, .however,. ,did not corryout his ..intention.. ...';.' The travellers, mindful of their promise, made no remark. The horses,, well groomed arid refreshed, were ready for their loivrnev. and the two companions left the chateau/ the caretaker refusing to accept anypayr, ment or gratuity. The two men rode away, reached their port of embarkation, , arid arrived safely in England. . Not many years [later- the. eider of the , two returned to France and accepted the new- state of things. , The Bonaparte Government offered him an administrative post in the North. ., This the Count ac cepted, and among [ the other inducements which led to his; acceptance was the chance of elucidating the mystery ..which -con- stantly recurred to his memory. A very, short time elapsed after assuming his' duties, when he made enquiries as to the chateau and its owners. ,. , ? The story told- hiiri was that the chateau belonged to ? the ' Marquis -. de, ' .'a ',.,' a, gentleman of great wealth, and of .'retired, habits. When somewhat advanced.in.life, ;he,.llad married/a girl , of low( extraction, ..but of great beauty^tlie. .daughter of . the, peasant who now took care of 'the chateau. ' A year or two after their marriage a half brother of the Marquis had left the army and come to reside with his brother, and some months later all three disappeared from the country together, without leaving any address, the chateau being placed under the care of the father of the Marquise, an old gamekeeper. The rapid succession of incidents in the. Revolution, by absorbing public interest, had prevented enquiry. The caretaker led 'a gloomy solitary life at the chateau. He was little seen except when he went out to make purchases; but he always appeared to be well provided with money. ? Arming himself with the necessary legal authority, which jprobably lent itself easily to the functionaries of the State, the Count prepared to investigate the mystery.-.. He, accordingly repaired to the chateau with the agents of the law, and a priest well known in the neighborhood, to whom the story had been told. . - ?? On arriving at the house the caretaker endeavored to withstand, the. intrusion, but yielding to force, the gate was opened, and the Count and the priest proceeded straight to the room where the incident had occurred. , ? f?.T think,' said the priest, 'this. affair at preseut belongs more to me than to the. law. Allow me to spend the night here alone. All I require is a lantern and a pistol. There will be force within hearing, but I believe the mystery can b'e solved more easily by one, man than by many.' The bravo old man's offer was aocepted. The Count and his attendants posted them-, selves in other parts of the house, keeping the caretaker with them. A fire was lighted in the Isrrge room, and the priest was left there alone with his prayer book. He had not remained long, when the figure appeared, beckoning to him, and, he at price rose to follow. . It passed through the, door, always looking from time to time to see that the priest .was behind, .It,led: the way tlu'.ough'along;corridor,!then into a room which still contained all the ap pearance of a lady's. , In the corner was a small, staircase., 'down which the priest descended in obedience to the suminons of the apparition, ' It led to a small vestibule which opened into a chapel. The figure walked slowly, up to the aisle, ascended the steps of the altar, then suddenly disappeared. . , ? . \ . ,.; :','.',.' The priest,, following with his lantern, perceived after some search a brass ring on the very spot where the figure had vanished. It was' evidently the handle of a trapKloor, which, however, resisted, all -the attempts of the. priest to , raise it. He fired his pistol, and soon the Count and his atten-. dants came to his help. : -,....;., ; , . The door raised, a steep ladder staircase led into a vault. At the bottom of the ladder, lay a ? human skeleton, dressed in clothes similar to those worn by the ap parition, and witlra beard still hanging to the chin, A ring, was on the finger. The caretaker made little difficulty in confessing the real facts. The Count, who was a man of the kindest disposition, and had treated his. half-brother with unwonted indulgence, had discovered that.too intimate ? relations' existed between him and his wife. Frightened at .his orders to them to leave tlie house, the two had murdered him as he, slept in' the large room, and, conveyed his body along the passage through which the figuro had led, the priest. The caretaker was taken into confidence, and left to look after, the house and .property, while .the criminal. 'couple 'had left the country and were living hi Belgium under an assumed name, supplied, with money by the^voman's father, the caretaker, from the resources of ! the property to which the.' half- brother, was the natural heir. He and the woman were brought back to France,- tried, , and executed. ' . . . ,- .'..., ? ,, ,, ., '.-, This story was told me nearly , forty', years ago at Jersey during the year of the fireij. , Exhibition. ,.. Though 'in .simple lahgua'ge, it 'was' related, with, great dramatic force, and . undoubted good.fa.ith. ,; The lady declared to' me that she fully, 'believed, the story had been officially reV corded in'the archives of soriie municipal or provincial, department in France. She was by birth of, considerable, rank, and members of her family had been in close friendship, with many emir/res. She pro misep tp let me know if she ever, heard. of it again'; but I saw little of her afterwards, and she is now dead. It would be iriter 'esting to know whether her narrative had , any foundation. ' Someone who mayliave heard the tale may supply the information. I have never heard it. from any other source nor, read of it. , in '[ any book. . . The narrator told me that'f those'. Svho. had first related the story Sv'ere evidently believers in,;its truth. . , , ? _.., ... ? ? '.. ? . . '.', .. 