L'art II. The spring and summer and autumn had passed monotonously, but more pleasantly, to Lisa than any time since the first few months of her marriage. It was winter now again, just a year since Dennis West had dropped so unexpectedly into her life, and in all that year his friendship and never failed her. He was away just now-something had gone wrong with his business affairs, and he had been spending the past week or two in looking after them. It was cold, bright, frosty weather now and Mr. Railton, who was certainly a hard working man, was talking advantages of one of his rare holidays to give his family a day's skating. The children were al mustered is the hall, and Mr. R'ailton was looking them over to see .if they were in every respect fit to go out with him 'Lisa, look at that child's gloves.' Lisa looked. 'Put on herbest gloves to-day, Paul!' 'I haven't got any best.' 'Yes, dear, you have. Where are they I I bought you a pair a fortnight ago.' So she had ; but Jane had been surrepi tiously wearing them to school every day, and this was the result. 'I haven't any but these,' Paul said stolidly, with a hazy motion that either he or Jane was in for a row, and that it had better be he, because Jane was only a girl. :You naughty boy, you know I bought you a new piair. Where are they P' 'There, there, don't scold the poor child and spoil his day,' said Mr. Railtoo fretfully. 'I really think you might try to have the children decently dressed when I am going to take them out.' So it was mother who was in for the row after all. Well, mother was always in rows; still it seemed rough on mother that she should be scolded because they had not obeyed her. When they reached Regent's Park, they found the ice bearing, and a good many skaters. The frost had not lasted long, and the Humane Society was in full force with all its apparatus. The sight of the ropes and ladders startled Lisa, and she timidlysuggested that they should inquire which was the shillowest part. The shallowest part' how ever proved to be also the most crowded; so Mr. Railton decided to try olsewhere, where only a few skaters were disporting themselves, and' ten minutes later they were on the iee. There is nothing like violent exercise for driving away low spirits, and there is no overeise more delightful than skating-so slight a motion of the muscles sends this heavy body, which drags so wearily on foot, flying lightly along, the fresh wind blowing in the face, the warm blood dsnoing and racing through all one's veins, in the intense enjoyment of motion with the fatigue of motion. We rise to the level of a bird when skating only MIereury-like, our wings are on our feet. Before long Mrs. Railton was enjoying herself thoroughly, and Mr. Railton laughing happily with the children. The children skated well and did not need to be dragged about which was fortunate, for Lisa would certainly have done most of the dragging; and, as it was, she was in a fair way to spend the after nooa very pleasantly indeed. She watohed her tall stylish daughter skating about with her lather, and thought how well they looked together. So did the younger ones as- they dashed about in couples. Lisa was the odd one os the party; but it did not occur to her to let that'trouble her. Frosh p'oplo kept coming on thio ice. Slid enjoyed watching almost as much as skat. ing. Presently, as she stood at the further end of the pond, her husband and children came skating towards her; they stopped as they neared her, and for a few moments they all stood in o group watching the rest of the skaters. A stalwart couple, both about six feet-high, came skatingclumeily, but happily, along, wavered, clutched wildly at each other, and fell. A few good natured people rushed forward to assist them, when there was heard a resonant crack, and a long white line shot across the entire width of the pond. - There was a chorus of ' Ohs'-half laughter and half fear-and a general stampede for th. shore. Mr. Railton was one' of'the first to move, but in a second, he recollected, stopped; hesitated, then seized Kate in one band,'Pant in the other and made for the bank, calling to the others to come on. Lisa stood breathless. She had seen the pause, the consideration-' Which shall I save'-and that she had been left, and thb eight took away all desire and power to move. Next second, two strong arms seized her shoulders, and she was hurled, rather than drawn, into 'safety. Every one stood silent on the bank, waiting to see the water bubblu up through the crack. They did not see it. The ice looked'as strong and as safe as ever, and picseutly people begoan to realize this and to feel foolish. Lisa heard a low, jolly laugh, and, looking' up at her rescuer, saw a big, black bearded mean who took off his hat and began apolo-' gizing for his unnecessary roughness. 'No danger whatever; the ice is just settling down. I suppose you knew that and so' didn't move. I thought you were too frightened to stir, and so I just shot'you off. I hope I didn't hurt you'; but I saw you were quite alone, and it took the disgrace off my own flight to rescue somebody.' He laughed again and started on the ice once more, followed by severald others. ' I say, he thought mother was alone!' said Paul. ' If the ice had broken, and you hadn't got wet, I should have booeen glad hd was there, wouldn't you, father P' No one seemed disposed to follow Paulinto these abstracted speculations. Mr. Railton changed the subject abruptly, saving : ' Nonsenec; don't let a little crack like that frighten you. Come along.' Mr. Railton, was, perhaps just a little ashamed of himself and that made his tone all the harsher. ' I do not care to come.' ' You can't stand about all alone in the cold. If you won't skate, you had better go home.' ' I will go. Tell the children I am tired. I need not ask you to take care of them.' 'I am sorry you are tired. Mind and take a goodrest whenyou get home,' and he skated after the children round the corner, leaving her on the bank. A sudden turn brought bearded rescuer to her. He saw her struggling with her skates and stopped. A look of good-natured remorse overspread his handsome, kindly face, as he noticed her colorless lips and trembling hands. ' Going ? Let me take your skates off, and let me apologize again. I can see I frightened' you, though the crack didn't. Perhaps Ihurt you, but we never have any ice in Ireland, so I don't understand it, and I really thought there was danger, and, as you were alone-Pray do' not be angry with'me.' He changed his sentence, because he saw' that for some reason his words troubled her, and supposed that she resented his addressing her a second time; though, indeed, the veriest' prude living could not have taken offence at' his frank, impersonal manner. Lisi left a sudden rush of emotion to think only a stranger should care to deprecate her anger. ' Indeed, I am not angry: Iam very much obliged to you.' 'Then I hurt you. You are looking as white as a ghost.' ' No, not at all; indeed no, only I am tired,' and notvery well, soI am going home. Thank you,' as he gave her her skates neatly strapped together, and she made an effect to look, strong and independent as she walked up the low, steep bank. 'One moment,' he said. She turned. 'I'm waiting'for"injrsite,' hcsaid, ' but she' won't scold -me for-making her wait when I tell her what I have bben doing. You must' let me see you home or at least to'the station.' ' Oh, thank you' no, it is not 'i the least necessary. 'Not in the least.' said another voice. 'It seems I am come just in time to be oef use, Lisa.' ' Oh, Denmis, I am so glad to see you back again.' 'That's all right, then,' said the stranger cheerfully. 'can leave' you with a easycon-. science.' SThank you, very much,' said Lisa The stranger waited just a second be caunuse, if the new-comer were the lady's brother or husband, it was only natural he would want to make some acknowledgment 01 his attention to her; and such was the frank cheerfulness of his manner that Dennis found himself instinctively murmuring some indistinct courtesy. Then he and Lisa' walked toward the gate in silence. Presently Lisa said : ' Don't you think he must be rather a nice' husband?' ' Who ' 'Why, he; the gentleman who took off my skates. I wits tired, and wanted -to go home, and couldn't manage: the straps.' ' Didn't Donald' know you' wanted to go home ' ' Yes, of course I didn't go without telling him; but he was at the other side of the pond. I dare say he didn't know'I was go ing just at that moment.' Poor Lisa ! between her sense of discom fort at what she took for a rebuke in Dennis' tone, and h]r dislike of explaining her hus band's neglect, she spoke very lamely. But she was mistaken. The disapproval was not for her, for Dennis had reached the bridge a moment before the ice cracked, and had seen and understood the whole incident. 'I dont think it was exactly proper,' she said, ' but he only meant to be kind, because he saw, I mean, thought, I was alone.' 'You wore alone,' said Dennis abruptly. ' When I am not with you you are always alone, whou will the others como'back ?' 'Oh, not until late'; they were going to a little party after the skating. I had forgot ten that.' And she remembered that no one had re called it to her mind, or asked her if she would join them when she was rested. They walked on in silence to the Maryle bone-road; as they orossed it a sickly, hideous column of smoke rushed up through one of the` ventilators of the underground railway. ' Oh dear;' sho'said, taking a deep breath of the clear frosty air, ' we have to go down that to got home.' ' We are not going home,' said Dennis, quietly, 'we are going somewhere, anywhere; it does not matter; a picture gullery will de.' ' 1 thinkI should like it,' said Lisa, hosi' tating. 'I am' not wanted at home, the children will not be bacik until the evening; arid Donald will be quite late, and a picture. gallery willhbe such a pleasant change.' ' That it,' sand Dennia shortly. ' It's time you had a change.' They walked walked on, on through the stroctsuntil thoyreaohod thegallory; butwhen they reached it Dennia led her past all the pictures to a quiet sout, and signed her to sit down. She looked up'sui'prised. ' We camse here to talk,' he said shortly; 'Lisa, I was on the bridge just now and saw' all that happened.' She saw something in his face which she did not understand: ' Then-it is no use pretending any more,' she said. ' No ; no, it is no use pretending any more: Lisa, all this year you ha"o been pretending not to be wretched, and I have been pretend-' ing to believe you. But I have known all the time how things were.' ' Yes,' she said, ' I was pretending to be satisfied when Ithought you believed me but that is no use now. It is often like that- nearly always when you are not there.' When he was not there ! And he had come to tell her that he mnst go away for good. That was the news he had brought' back from' his three weeks of inspection. His losses had been so groeat, his affairs had become so involved that nothing but his own presence could stave off ruin.' He must tell her that he must leave her-almost at once -leave her now she had grown used to his friendship-leave her without a friend in the world, to bear her troubles alone ? Oh, Lisa! glad-hearted, bright-souled' Lisa, were you only made for this-to wear out your life as the despised drudge of a man' who has tired of you ? And must the man' who loved you as a child, and more deep" and tender than the old, leave you to bear' your burden alone ? No, never. She had as' good a right to love and happiness as any woman in the world. Why should she live this long, slow' death, when he could give her far better things P 'You want to tell me something,' she said. ' Is it-is it that you are going sooner than you thought?' ' I am going at once.' She watched him with parted-lips, waiting' perhaps guessing what was coming,.for his voice had no sound of farewell in it.' ' Lisa,' he went on, 'when I first came back I tried in my blundering way to show you that my childish love for my pretty tyrannical cousin was gone, outgrown.' ' Yes, I understood; if it had not been so, you would not have come.' 'I would not, Lisa. I came back to' be your friend, and I stayed to be your friend, and I saw your sweetness, and your patience and your suffering. And now I love you ten thousand times more than ever you were loved in your beautiful youth.' ' Oh, my beautiful youth!' It was a cry of bitter regret for good things hopelessly past. ?There is no woman on earth more to be pitied than' you. Your youth is gone, and your beauty is gone, and you have nothing instead of them.' ' Why do you tell me l ' she said,' wearily. ' Do I not know ? ' 'Lisa,' he went on, ' some women have to bear poverty, and hear it because their husbands love them. Some have to bear neglect, but their lives are passed in ease, and they do not mind it; others, who have neither love nor comfort, have pride and pleasure in their children. What have you ? I alone love you, why should you not love me ? I alone want you, why may I not have you ? Lisa, I swear to you that if your husband loved you, I should 'not'; if there had been any hope in your life, I should have been content to have passed out of it in silence; but you know as well as I do, that the shock once over, no one will 'even miss you. Remember-what happened just now.' It was true, she know it. If 'she had died that day, she lknew how little difference it would have made in her home. ' Your husband, whom you trusted in your youth, fails you now. Can you deny it.' 'No.' ' And to which of your ohildrdn can you turn, saying : ' This one at least, will be the cormfort of my age?" P 'To none of theni.' ' Lisa, will you come with me to-night to Xergui ' They stood fseoin 'enaoh other, a few 'feet aparit; Therd' Was nio passion in their voices or' their eyes.' She only waited while he spoke his unalterable 'oonviction. 'You have no idea what it will be like,' he said.' 'Instead of your life hero, with its endless slights and loveless patience, instead of the burden which has worn your poor, weak'hands and bruised your dear, true heart, ybu will have rest and perpetual summer, and soft airs, and endless love and tender nos.' 'I 'will come.' ' We will go to- night,' he said. 'I have had news which makes it absolutely necessary that I should'go atonce. If you come with me, Donald will'never 'guess'where we are. He 'will not think I have gone to Mergui, because I have so often spoke of going there. He will think that was only a blind.' 'I dare say.' 'The train starts at 11.30. Will you come to my rooms P That will be betterthanyour going to hIu' station. Statidons are so uruwuuu. 1 5U unI ILKu you. crowded station at night.' ' I will come.' ' He- Donald, I meano-will not be back until late you say P The steamer will have started before he finds that you have gone.' ' I suppose so.' ' Till to-night, then. We must part now. I have things to arrange. Do not be late.' ' Good-by.' ' Good-by, Lisa my love. I will make you so happy.' ' I hope so, I think so; and I should like to be happy before I die, and no' one wants me here.' She rose as she spoke, and he put her into a cab at the door. ' Do not be later thai" 11 o'olock,' he said. 'No.' She did not look up as the cab drove off ; she sat as in a dream. So it was all over the long bitter, joyless struggle- she was going to be happy at last. One person in the world wanted her, she would go to him, and her place here would simply close up. No one would miss her; no one would even be surprised; whatever she did had always been displeasing. She had tried so hard to be good all these years, and what was the use ? The harassed servant showed no surprise as she re-entered, only inquiring if, sir ce she had come home, she would clean the plate as she usually did on Wednesday afternoons. Lisa said, 'yes,' and put on her apron to begin, laughing softly to herself as she polished the best tea-pot and the not very numerous spoonil and forks, to think that she was never to do such work again, for she was to- be 'a hippy 'Woihian, loving and loved. The time passed quickly, she was as tonished to find how late it was. When the children returned from the party th,,y were tired, which was fortunate, for it made them inclined to go to bed, and they went on her suggestion without any opposition. The oldest girl ?iid stayed with her father. Lisa was annoyed and distressed, for grown- up parties and late hours were even more harm ful for Kito than for most young- girls. Then she remembered that nothing Kate did need concern her now. There was positive rest in the thought already. Poor Lisa ! A strong-minded, high-spirited woman would have known better, weu,: have known the road she was taking had never yet proved the road to happiness. A wise womn would have seen the we?cness of Dennis' arguments, would have understoe?d bottor what seh was doing. But porr Lisa was not wise, and had no strength of mind or will. That was not her fault. Ronald Railton had chosen a fool, and, haeing married her, had blunted her fauulti;e: and dulled the little intelligence she had by neglect and harshness; so she had got into the way of doing what she was told when it was unpleasant, now she would do what she was told when it seemed very, very pleasant indeed. Who among her family could r. preach her? Who of them deserved that she should still sacrifice herself to them ? It took her very litttle time to make b:r few preparations. It was 10.45 o'clock :i? she stood on the landing ready. The, door into the boys' bedroom stood open, theo go was still full on; mechanically she ueter- l to turn it down. The youngest boy was li his crib ; she passed by him almostcarelosel, . Paul lay asleep with one hand graspingn crumpled paper. There was a certain beaui.y in his stolid, chubby face after all. His mouth, too, looked actually pretty when it was shut. ' How I would have loved my children they had cared about it,' she muirmur.." standing over Paul's bed, and half-seharm,-. of offering unsought tenderness, she stoop 'I and kissed him. " Mother,' he started awake suddenly, ruhi bing hi' eyes with his left hand. ' Yes, it 's mother,' and he held out the crumpled pap,:c toward her. ' What is this, Paul?' and unfolding it ani t saw two crushed macaroons in the lust st , of heat and stickiness. 'There're from the party you didn't , and I thought you'd like some.' ' Paul, did you think of me at the party:' 'Yes, lots. I've been thinking a lotes time. I've been thinking---' ' What have you been thinking ?' ' You're always doing things for us, am d nobody is good to you but Dennis, and hl going away, and there won't be anybody so I am going to be always like Dennis you.' Young as heowas, he was thoroughly Eni: lish, and he looked more ashamed of his good impulse than if he had been caught stealicr jam. His mother was looking at him' it eager wonder. He went on; mumbling ho, words, scarlet-faced, and rubbing his ey, with both hands; now both were free: 'Father's always scolding you,' and' v,: bother you, and Tommy Brent's mother isn't half as nice as you; but they are all gouodtt . her, and we're horrid; but I won't beoany more.' ' My son, my son V' she cried, ' do you u. derstand what' you say P You will not forgot to-morrow? You are so young,.you'cannm. understand.' She flung herself on her knees by thelbed, gazing with piteous eagerneess into his half awakened face, and, as sholooked, ' The sol? of the child stood up in his eyes,' and slhe knew it was no childish whim, but the begin ning of a great joy for her. He put his warm arms around her neck, and fell asleep there. Ten minutes to 11. She would soon be with him, and everything wats ready. )ennis paced up' and down his room in a fever of impatience, more miserable than over he hadl been in his life. He had triumphed-that it he had succeeded 'in making the woman h. loved other thua she'might have been. Shb was worse, and not better, for kisbwing hirs. He had persuaded hot to do wrong in thlb hope that, together, they might find h~ppi ness, and his misery had begun already. Lisa, thepatient, gentle saint. He, had maid, her no longer a saint. He, who had mean?. to be her best friend, was now her worst, enemy. He had loved her forher purity, her sweet patience and endurance. What if h ceased to love her now he himself had des troyed those qualities ! It would not astonis t him I Nothing would astonish him that h found himself doing now. He had thought himself honbrable 'and upright, and he wa neither. He had thought himself ta truw friend to Lisa, and he was none. Now, wheyn he thought himself a faithful lover, how could ho'tdll that he was not' mistaken ? He fell, himself so false and contemptible tha. no further discovery of baseness in himself would have surprised him. It grieved him to think that Lisa had trusted herself to one so'eanteniptible. He remembered how he had always seen and known that such actions as his ended in wretchedness. He quite believed that now. How could he trust his good iu tentions to Lisa when those other good inten tions had broken down P How'could he be sure of his love when his friendship was such a iniserable failure ? The clock struck 11. Ho stirted. She must be' there in a minute, aRid there would be' no going back. The thing' was done already. Just then he heard the door open. He groaned and hid his face. He had realized his own fall already ; now he knew that she too was in the mire with him. 'Telegram, sir.' It was the landlady who entered, Dennis took the envelope, antd read the contents : 'Do not wait for me. I cannot come. Paul loves me. You have taught him to love me. Good-by.' 'Thank God !' he cried. 'She is safe and my spotless saint is spotless still.' Donald' Railton'is getting on in the world He' is in'a fair way to become Attorneoy Geiioral, and is more satisfied with himtself than ever; he never l'new what an escanpe he had had that D)cetember 'evening, which was as well, for he was incapable of understand ingt he story had hoe heard it. He noticed that his' wife grow daily brighter and stronger, and probably ti ought that she was growing wiser as sho grew older. The other hildreon noticed that P' sul never contradicted mother now; and, moreover, that he punched Will's bead for so doing, and when his mother re buked him for it, listened quietly and said ho would not do it again. All this roused their astonishment at first and then their respect. They grow to understand that mother had a champion now, and that the clever one of the family. They grow to see how eagerly their mother waited for Paul when he was out, and what a pleasure it was to Paul to tell all his news to her at the end of every day, until atlast they, too, began to change their manners and to see all the' beauty and lovableness of their mother's character. Kate, indeed, will always be her father's daughter, and none of them will ever be to Lisa what Paul is ; he is her strength and joy, sa mething daily to thank God for. Satisfied with his love, her hus band's bitter words grieve her no lontger. Now that she has a defence against them he has naturally ceased to speak them, and any advance he makes she meets much more tihan half-way. She has resolutely turned her back on the past and life grows daily brighter and brighter. But perhaps, years hence, inceo Cousin )ennis will probably soon be married to the Consul's daughter, whose name has been to often in his letters lately, perhaps, when Paul speaks to her of some woman he loves, and whose love he has won, she will, in warning, tell him of that dangerous moment in herlife and show him a crushed cracker paper hold ing two crumbling macaroons.-.-ll tIa Year Round. Holo,3. 