THE POPE'S BULL CONDEMNING LUTHEB, On the L5th of June, 1520, the Sacred College brought their lengthened deli berations to a close by agreeing to ful minate the bull of excommunication against .Luther, me elegancies or bar barisms of its style are to be shared amongst its joint concocters, Cardinals Pucci, Ancona, and Cajetan. " Now," thought the Vulcans of the Vatican, when they had forged this bolt, " now we have finished the buisness. There is an end of Luther and the Wittemberg heresy." To know how haughty at this moment was Bome's spirit, we must turn to the bull itself. " Arise, O Lord ! " — so ran this famous document — "arise and be Judgein Thine own cause. Bemember the inBults daily offered to Thee by infatuated men. Arise, O Peter ! remember thy holy Boman Church, the mother of all Churches, and mistress of the faith. Arise, O Paul ! for here is a new Porphyry, who is attacking thy doctrines, and the holy Popes our predecessors ! Arise, in fine, assembly of all the saints, holy Church of God, and intercede with the Almighty ! " The bull then goes on to .condemn as scandalous, heretical, and damnable, forty- one propositions extracted from the writings of Luther. The obnox ious propositions are simple statements of Gospel truth. One of the doctrines singled out for special anathema was that which took from Borne the right of per secution, by j declaring that " to burn heretics is contrary to the will of the Holy Ghost." After the maledictory clauses of the bull, the document went on to extol the marvellous forbearance of the Holy See, as shown in its many efforts to reclaim its erring son. To heresy 'Luther had added contumacy. He had had the hardihood to appeal to a General Council in the face of the decretals of Pius II. and Julius H. ; andhe hadfilledup the measure of his Bins by slandering the immaculatePapacy. The Papacy, neverthe less yearned over its lost son, and " imitating the omnipotent God, who desireth not the death of a sinner." earnestly exhorted the prodigal to return to the bosom of his mother, and bring back with him all he had led astray, and make proof of the sincerity of his penitence by reading his recantation and committing all his books to the flameB, within the space of sixty days. Failing to obey this summons, Luther and his adherents were pro nounced incorrigible and accursed here tics, whom all princes and magistrates were enjoined to apprehend and send to Borne or banish from the country in which they happened to be found. The towns where they continued to reside were laid under interdict, and every one who opposed the publication and execu tion of the bull was excommunicated in " the name of the Almighty God, and of the Holy Apostles, St. Peter and St. Paul." These were haughty words ; and at what a moment they were spoken! The finger of a man's hand was even then about to appear, and to write on the wall that Borne had fulfilled her glory, had reached her zenith, and would hence- forward hasten to her setting. — From " The History of Protestantism ," by the Dev. Dr. Wylie . , 