THE LAUREL BUSH. AN OLD-FASHIONED LOVE STORY. Bv the Author of 'John Halifax, Gentleman.' Part— i. (continued.) ' Thank you ; that is kind. No, just ; merely just. One ought to have faith in people ; it does one good. I am afraid iny ova deficiency is want of faith. It takes so mucn to maice me oeiieve lor a moment that any one cares for me.' How hard it was to be silent — harder still to speak ! But she did speak. ' I can understand that ; I have often felt the same. It is the natural consequence of a very lonely life. If you and I had had fathers and mothers and brothers and sisters, we might have been different.' ' Perhaps so. But about India. For a long time — that is, for many weeks — I have been casting about in my mind how to change my way of life — to look oat for something thai would help me to earn money, and quickly ; but there seemed no chance whatevei. Until suddenly, one has opened.' And then he explained how the father of one of his pupils, grateful for certain benefits, which Mr. Roy did not specify, and noticing certain business qualities about him — ** which I suppose I have though I didn't know it,' added he with a smile — had offered him a situation in a merchant's office at Calcutta ; a position of great trust and responsibility, for three years certain, with the option of then giving it up or continuing it. ' And continuing means making a fortune. Even three years means making something, with my ' stingy* habits. Only I must 'jgo at once. Nor is there any time left me for my decision ; it must be yes or no. Which shall it be?' The sudden appeal — made, too, as if he thought it was nothing — that terrible yes or no, which to her made all the difference of living or only half living, of feeling the sun in or out of the world. What could she answer ? Trembling violently, she yet answered in a steady voice. ' You must decide (or yourself. A woman cannot understand a man.' 11 Nor a man a woman, thoroughly. There is only one thing which helps both to compre hend one another.' ? -\One thing ! she knew what it was. Surely so did he. But that strange distrustfulncss of which he had spoken, or the hesitation which the strongest and bravest men have at times, came between. 9Rb' Oh, the little more, and how much it is ! ft {Oh, the little less, and what worlds away -' it, instead ot looking vaguely out upon the sea, he had looked into this poor girls face ; if, instead of keeping silence, he had only spoken one word ! But he neither looked or spoke, and the moment passed by. And these are moments which people would sometimes give a whole lifetime to recall, and use differently ; but in vain. ' My engagement is only for three years,' he resumed ; ' and then, if alive, I mean to come back. Dead or alive, I was going to say, but you would not care to see my ghost, I presume ? I beg your pardon, I ought not to make a joke of such serious things.' ' No, yon ought not.' { JSbe felt herself almost speechless, that in another minute she might burst into sobs. He saw it — at least he saw very little of it, and misinterpreted the rest. ' I have tired you. Take my arm. You will soon he at home now.' Then, after a pause, ' You will not be displeased at anything I have said? We part friends? No, we do not part ; I shall see you every day lor a week, and be able to tell all particulars of my journey, if you care to hear.' ' Thank you, yes — I do care.' .: They stood together arm-in arm. The dews were falling; a sweet, soft, lilac haze had began to creep over the sea — the solemn far away sea, that he was so soon to cross. In voluntary, she clung to bis arm. So near, yet so apart 1 Why must it be ? She could have borne his going away, if it was for his good, if fct wished it ; and something wh:»pered to her that this sodden desire to get rich was not for himself alone. Bat oh, if he would only speak ! One word— one little word ! After that any thing might come — the separation of life, the bittcraes of death. To the two hearts that had once opened each to each, in the full recognition of mutual love, there could never more be any real parting. Bat that one word he did not say. He only took the little hand that lay lay on his arm, pressed it, and held it — years after, the feeling' of that clasp was as fresh on her fingers as yesterday — then, hearing the foot of some accidental passer-by, he let it go, and did not take it again. fust at this moment, the sound of distant carriage- wheels was heard. ' That must be Mrs. Dalziel and the boys.' ' Then I had better go. Good-bye.' The day-dream was over. It bad all come back again — the forlorn, dreary, hard-working world. 'Good-bye, Mr. Roy.' And they shook hands.' ' One word,' he said hastily : ' I shall write to you — you will allow me ? — and I shall see you several times, a good many times, before I p-?' ??I hope so.' 'Then, for the present, good-bye. That means,' be added, earnestly, ' 'God be with you 1* And I know he always will.' In another minute Fortune found heiselt atanding beside the laurel bush, alone, listening to the sound of Mr. Roy's footsteps down the ' road — listening, listening, as if, with the exceeding tension, her brain would burst. The carriage came, passed ; it was not Mrs. Dalziel's, after all. She thought he might dis cover this and come back again ; so she waited a little — five minutes, ten — beside die laurel bush. But he did not come. No footstep, no roice ; notning out tne taint, tar-away souna oi he long waves washing in upon the sands. It was not the brain that felt likely to burst now, but the heart. She clasped her hands above her head. It did not matter ; there was no creature to see or hear that appeal — was it to man, or God? — that wild, broken sob, so contrary to her usual self-controlled and self contained nature. And then she leaned her forehead against the gate, just where Robert Roy bad accidentiy laid his hand in opening it, aad wept bitterly. 