THE CENTENARY OF AUSTRALIA. N Sunday night a largo congregation cc .tended the Baptist cbnrsh, Cecil street, b; le attraction being a sermon by the Kev. yi [enry Coombs, entitled “ The Centenary of .ustralia.” The preacher selected his text fo ■om Deuteronomy, 8th chapior, 10th verse, c< When thou hast eaten and art full, then tl lou shalt bless the Lord thy God for the pi ood land which He hath given thee.” p During this month the centenary of the tl istory of Australia was being celebrated, b nd because God had been very good to us a: uring these one hundred years it becamo si s to offer him thanksgiving and praise. If ci he Christian churches did not take the lead g he people would not follow; for, depend h pon it, if God's children were not grateful, g he hearts of those who knew not Christ e rould not be turned to Him. In order that b ur hearts might be incited to gratitude, o •nd in order that others might see the S :oodness of God and be led to give, them- h elves to Him, it might not be unprofitable to a onsider the blessings, spiritual and temporal, y hat had been conferred on these young p andB. The difficulty in speaking of them t vas not to know what to say, but rather to 1 lompreas one’s thoughts into a few short n ninutes, for truly God had loaded us with 1 lenefits. It might be that some had not r bought of the goodness of God in giving o ;hese lands to us, and that when they found c low good He had been in temporal matters r jerhaps in spiritual matters they would t resolve to surrender their souls to Him. 1 The early history of Australia was different 1 io thutof-old eyun'riee. -JWo^had. Here .nUr J wars ; no gruat struggles lor liberty there i had been no revolutions in our midst that 1 seemed worthy of record; there had been no overthrow of despotism: on the contrary our history had boon comparatively unevent ful. But the fact that our history had been uneventful was in itself a reason why we should be grateful to God for His blessings. We ought to be grateful at having in our : midst blessings to attain which our fore- j fathers had to swim through streams of blood. We had received them with com paratively little struggling and anxiety, yet true and earnest men in these colonies had fought in order to secure some of the pri vileges that we now enjoyed; men who struggled to lay the foundation of this glorious empire. The providential hand of God was to be seen even in the discovery of this continent. Before the discovery allusions had been made to a strange land in the Southern ocean, but so vague as to prove that no voyager had ever set foot'on the shores of Australia. That the land was locked up until the Anglo- Saxon race laid it open, showed how the providential hand of God was at work, The first man who discovered this con tinent was a Spaniard ; he set foot on it in 160S and claimed it for the King of Spain, calling it “ Australia del Spiritu Santo,” that is “ Australia, the land of the Holy Spirit.” It had kept that name ever since, though the Dutch for a while called it by the name of New Holland. No other colony could, therefore, claim the name Australia to itself. Perhaps the voyager who christened Australia “ the land of the Holy Ghost” may have been filled with superstition. He may not have known what he was doing. Still he may have had a pious heart—though he belonged to the Dark Church—when he consecrated this land in the name of the third person of the blessed Trinity. Though the Spaniards were seeking for gold, they never touched upon a part of the colony where any was to be found, and consequently left Australia as they found it. The Dutch came here in search of a nation with which to trade, and not finding Aus tralia suitable, they also left. Neither the Spaniards nor the Dutch colonised the con tinent. Did we not see the providential hand of God here ? This land was reserved for the Anglo-Saxon race. It had been locked np for us during all these years. Iu 172S was born that wonderful man James Cook—Captain Cook. Every boy had read the life of Captain Cook. When he (the preacher) was a school boy he read of Cook in Chamber’s Miscellany ; of his three wonderful voyages, of his escapes, and of bis violent .death in the South Sea Islands. He remembered how he was encouraged in shaping a purpose in life for himself by ( reading thg life of Captain Cook, v Gtook-r commenced life as a cabin boy on a collier j and rose to high rank in the Imperial Navy. In 1769 the transit of Venus took place and Cook went out in order that observations might be made. The transit had been fore told 140 years before. Captain Cook dis covered New Zealand at this time. The ship sailed up to one of the ports in New Zealand, and the natives, thinking it a new kind of bird with its white sails as wings, were surprised to see a small bird in the shape of a boat descend from the great bird and pull across to the shore. The natives in some places received the voyagers well, but in other places the explorers had very narrow escapes and some of Cook’s men were killed. Captain Cook, on the eastern shore of the continent, discovered Botany bay, calling it this name on account of the number of wild flowers he saw growing on its banks. Captain Phillips afterwards found that the settle ment was not suitable, and removed to Port Jackson in 1787, landing on the 26th of January, 1788—exactly 100 years ago. What might have been a fatal mistake ws3 made in settling in these young lands. It was a sad company which was first intro duced here. Out of 1050 persons who came no less than 850 were prisoners, many of them of the worst character. The early history of this colony was stained with disgrace on account of the convict taint. The preacher only drew attention to the matter in order that we might be grateful to God that the dark blot had been swept away. The colony of Viotoria was nearly being male a convict settlement, and would have been but for the brave pioneers who fought against it, But for the efforts then made the convict name might have attached to us to this day. We could now destroy the record of those early years and blot them out of our memory, and we could praise God that a free and virtuous people had settled here. More than thirty years ago the names of the early explorers were in everbody’s mouth —Giles, M’Kinley, Burke, Wills, Gray, King, and a host of others. Mr Coombs remembered when tfie Burke and Wills expedition left Melbourne amidst tl)e good wishes of multitudes of people; he recollected also the sad spectacle at the Melbourne cemetery when their bodies were consigned to the grave. Thus some of the blessings we enjoyed were not won without an effort. Since then large numbers of honest, brave, hardy men and women had found it neces sary to come out here, perhaps for more elbow room, and had lived here in the fear of the Lord. Now he wished the congregation to think of these different reasons we had for grati tude to God. First of all the preservation of this land for the Anglo- Saxon race ; God had been very good to us in this regard, and the preaoher was sorry that the Colonial office was sometimes so neglectful where Australian interests were concerned. New Caledonia as well as the rest of the continent had been discovered by Captain Cook, and Mr Coombs regretted that the one step necessary, the bringing it under the sole protection of the British ffag, had not been taken by the authorities. God’s goodness was manifested no less in temporal than in spiritual things. God had raised up Captain Cook and but for him Australia might have become the possession of some other nation. Then there was the rapid growth of free institutions. Government here in the early days was nothing more than a military despotism—the most despotic of despotism—and now we lived under the most free system of govern ment in tine world.' As Chr/stia'ns we could do more for .God herb under ft free fprui of Government than under a1 despotic formf here where we could worship .God under ourowp vine and fig tree; where we could put forth fll the efforts of our hearts for the .saJvation of .pur fellowpjen.' Not being hampered in any way, we .o,light to do more than any other part of tfie worfd. And | let us be grutefuf to God for jthe .eradication I of the ponvfct .element j for being brought ' bv God out pf tbia Japd of Egypt—this house -•Iova—into the free institutions we : that whatever possesed. :. . . - . It was a merciful law of u. was evil tended to death—that thau . was hopelessly bad tended to extinction. It the convict element had not been destined to extinction a terrible blow would have jeen dealt at the future of the colonies. At jresent there was a great and glorious uture here for the gospel of Christ. And we ihould be thankful,'too, for our natural esources. We had here not only wheat and ill the best products of the old country, but nany tropical products that could not be [rown at home such as coffee, tea, cocoa and f rowroot which were cultivated with great tccesa in Queensland. We had also all the ineral riches which God could possibly give i—gold, silver, lead, tin, copper, iron and >al. All these riches had been locked up y God for us who now enjoyed them in these Dung lan 3s. And ought we not to be thankful to God >r setting up the standard of Christ in the atonies? ChriBt was preached throughout ae length and breadth of the land, preached, erhaps, not so faithfully as He Bhould be reached, because God’s service deserved he noblest efforts we could bring to bear, ! ut there were thousands, yea, tens of thous nds who served the Lord and desired the alvation of their fellowmen, and on this enteDary occasion let us thank God for his ;lorious gospel, the old gospel to which we teld in the old land. This same old ;ospeI, as now declared beneath the South rn Cross, which we saw glorious on the irow of night, would remind us of the days if old and of that Cross on which our Saviour died and from which a ransomed lumanity was to live. One hundred years igo these colonies were founded ; a hundred rears hence where would we and the ireacher be? None of ub were living a mndred years ago; none of us would be iving in a hundred years’ time. We should lot be on this earth. But we would be iving somewhere. Where would it be ? It night be that within a hundred hours, let done a hundred years, our souls would be jailed away from time to eternity. God required us to glorify his name. Let us ben turn to the Lord our God and thank aim not only for his temporal but also for his spiritual blessings. Let us yield to the in^Tigngy of *h» tSarionr. and ■0-ghundred yearsnence we ”oul™ba dwellers lb \Hia kingdom of glory. 