JACK ANID ]1ESS. S CHIAPTER XXXIX. HOW BAD NEWS CAIE iO0tE. NOTHING at. all was heard of the Calypso for three or four months. It was not even certain whither she had ,sailed, except.that she was with Sir Edward Hawke's fleet. But it was linowa that M. Thurot had got out of 'Dunquerque with five frigates, on : board of which were a large number of troops, with intent to make a descent upon Ireland, and we con jectured that perhaps the Calypso might have been ordered to join the squadron in chase of that gallant -Frenchman. But that proved not to be the case. It -was in January -namely, on the evening (if the 15th of January in the . year 1760 - that the news arrived which *filled the hearts of all with shame and confusion. 'Twas a wild .'rid tempestuous night, fitting the nature of the intelligence which then * arived. The wind blew up the river :in, great gusts, and the rain,drove slanting into the faces of those who were out. I remembered, afterwards; that I had met Philadelphy in the morning. The old woman was always ,full of omens and prognostications. Sometimes she had seen a ghost in the ;ii night-surely there was never a ::.greater ghost-seer than this old i.negress-and sometimes she had been 'wa:rned by one of the many signs which terrify the superstitious. ' Hi ! ::"i[hssa Luke,' she said, in her negro :: viy, which it is unnecessary to imitate, ' there's bad news coming, for sure. i,* Last night the cock crowed twice at m;. hidnight, and an owl screeched round the chimney; there was a dog barking :all night long, and I saw a ghost. There's bad .news coming!' I. asked her what the ghost was like, but she refused to tell me. Well, it is true that on many other occasions she fore told disaster (because to this kind of witch there are never any signs of good luck), and her prophecies proved. naught. But on this day, alas! she proved a true prophetess of evil. SAt the Sir John Falstaff some of the company, including Mr. Brinjes, who was never late, bad already arrived, and were hanging up their hats, the candles being lit, a great coal fire burning, pipes laid on the table, and the.chairs set. . : 'There hath arrived bad news,' ' said Gaptain Petherick, the Com zhmissioner of the Yard. I heard talk of it at the Navy House this morning. It is said that we have lost a frigate. They say also that we have lost her cowardly, a thing whichone is not ready to believe. But I have notr heard thel -pdarticulars, and I know not the name of the craft. 'Tis pity, but 'tis true, 'that there should be found in every ,"vwar cowardly conmmanders, in British Sas well as in French bottoms. Those of uis who have memories can remember !thoelast war, gentlemoen. Well, we . must quickly build or capture another Sship, and find a better Captain. 7We will give the command to Jack Easter brook.' So saying, he sat down and began to fill his pipe leisurely. Just as he had finished these words, and before Mr. Brinjes had time to do more than to open his mouth, there came running into the room the landlord, having in his hand the Loadon P'ost of the even ing, brought down the river from town by some boatman. His face was pale, and his eyes full of terror. ' Oh! gentlemen,' he cried, 'gentle men! Here is such news! I cannot trust my eyes. For God's sake read the newspaper! But who shall tell the Adauiral ?' '·Is it news from the fleet ?' asked Capt ain Petherick. ' It is, your Honour.' The man looked as if he was afraid to tell his news. Oh! gentlemen,' he repeated, who shall tell the Admiral ?' ' Is it bad news ?' asked Mr. Brinjes. 'I is the worst news possible. Gentlemen-it is-it. is' . . . he l6oked about him to see if the Admiral was, perhaps, present hitherto unseen. 'It is news of-of-of Captain Easterbrook, gentlemen. Of no other, in'desd.' 'What!' cried the Apothecary; 'bad news? The worst news? Then is our boy dead?' Ee sat down in a chair, and looked from face to face. 'Jack is dead.' 'It is the worst news possible,' re peated the landlord. 'Jack is dead,' said all together, looking at one another in dismay. 'Jack is dead,' repeated Mr. Brin jes. ' There hath been an action, and Jack hath fallen. Poor Bess! Yet, now he will never marry the other.' The company knew not what he meant. 'Well, every man must take his chance-I looked for other things -but . . . . Jack is dead! Some die young, and some die old. To those who die old it seems as if their years have been but a dream. What matters, therefore, when a man dies? Wherefore, devil take all black negro witches with their lying prophecies !' Again the company asked themselves what Mr. Brinjes might mean. The landlord shook his head. ' No, sir. No, gentleman. Oh! you will not understand. Read the Post. Captain Easterbrook hath lost his ship.' 'If,' said Mr. Brinjes, 'he lost his ship, of cdurse he first lost his life or else his limbs. He would not be taken below while there was yet life enough left to fight his ship.' 'Gentlemen,' cried the landlord again, 'your Honours will not listen. 'It isin the London Post.' He held out his newspaper, but no one offered to take it. Everyone knew now that something 'had happened worse than death. Then they heard the Admiral's step as he entered the house and stumped along the passage with his escort of negroes. ' Gentlemen,' said the landlord again, 'who shall tell him?' Again he.held out the paper. They looked at each other and held back. No one offered to take the paper; they were afraid. It is one kind of courage to walk up to' a cannon's mouth, and another to becoare a messenger of badt tidings. Then the Admiral came in, followed by his two negroes. He saluted the company cheerfully, and gave his hat and cloak to his servants. This done he took his seat in his usual place. But the other gentlemen standing about the fire did not, as was cus tomary, follow his example. They hesitated, looked first at the Admiral and then at the landlord. 'Gentlemen, be seated,' said the Admiral. Sir '--it was Mr. Brinjes who spokei-' it' appears that bad : news hath arrived.' ' 'What news ?' 'It is news of Captain' Easter brook. SIs the boy. :. is theboy dead ?' asked the Adndmiral. 'Sir, -we.cannot butt suppose so. For holhath lost his ship. But as yet we cliv'e ` fdt een the 'Post. 'Nozinol? the'landlord again inter posed, lholding.out the Post, which no one woiild ttak'."' Gentlemen, stand by 'me, I beseech you. Sir, the Cap ;tain is not dead.' 'Then, poor lad,' said the Admiral, ' he'.is griovously wounded, and like to die. Our boy, gentlemen, is grievously wounded, and like to -' Here his voice failed him. ' No, Sir, he is niot~wounded.' 'Then he is shipwrecked and droned. Why is the man staring like-a ?stuck pig ? Alas! gentlemen, our boy is drowned.' But the Admiral looked:uncertain, because the company, nowr understanding that something out .of. the common had happened, looked at each other and at the land lord, and spoke not. 'Sir ' -the landlord again offered the newspaper 'to one after the other, but no one took it-' the news is here printed. Otherwise, God forbid that I. should dare to say such a thing. Your Honour, it is here stated that the Captain struck his colours in the very beginning of the action.' ' Struck his colours !' The Admiral caught the arms of his chair, raised himself as quickly as a one- legged man may. ' Struck his colours! Jack struck his colours ! Ye lie, ye drunken swab ! Ye lie !' With that he delivered so shrewd a blow with his gold-headed stick that, had not the landlord dodged, he would have been enabled instantly to carry the news into the next world. 'Ye lie, I say!' Here his voice failed him, and his face became purple, and he reeled and would have fallen but Mr. Shelvocko and Captain Potherick caught him and set him in a chair, where he gasped and panted and looked as if he was about to have a fit of some kind. As for the landlord, he stood in a corner, pale and tremb ling. 'Give me the paper,' said Mr. Brinjes, when the Admiral had some what mastered his passion. '; Let us at least read what is here stated.' He read it silently. ' Gentlemen,' he said, 'this is a strange business. I under stand it not. Here is more than meets the eye. It is a hard thing to under stand. I will read it aloud. Courac e, Admiral, the story is impossible as it stands.' 'Despatches have been received from Sir Edward Hawke. He reports an affair which, unless later intelli-. gence contradict it, is more discredi table to British honour than anything which has been done since the cowardly flight of Benbow's captains. The frigate Calypso, Captain John Easter brook, with her consort the Resolute, Captain Samuel Boys, fell in at day break with a squadron of the enemy, consisting of three fr!gates, one of them being the M?alicieuse. The names of the other two are not given. The Frenchmen bore away on discovery of the Union Jack, and the British ships gave chase. After some hours the Calypso came up with the Malicieuse, the hindmost of the three, the Resolute being then a quarter of a mile or so astern, though crowding all sail. It is reported by Captain Boys, he being then on his quarter-deck and glass in hand, that the engagement was com menced by the Malicieuse firing a shot from her stern- chaser which struck the Calypso; that then he saw Captain Easterbrook strike his colours with his own hand; that his officers ran about him, and he out one down; that the Frenchman immediately lowered a boat and boarded the prize, driving the crew below; and that the other two French frigates backed their sails, whereupon he. withdrew from the chase, thinking it useless to engage three vessels at once; that he was not pursued; and that he knows no reason at all why the ship was surrendered without firing a shot. 'Tis thought that the Calypso hath been conveyed to Brest. This account is more extra ordinary by reason of the character for gallantry possessed by Captain Easterbrook, who was one of Captain Lockhart's Lieutenants on board the fighting Tarter.' (To be Contlinued) 