SHOULD WOMEN VOTE ? TO THE EDITOB. Sir,—Your leader last week on woman's suffrage was so well written, BO succinct, and yet so Teplete with argument, that all women should be grateful. Tou presented a body of reasons which none can gainsay, and which should arouse women to active exertion in favor of their own enfranchisement. For the only real obstacle is the apparent indifference to the posession of the vote. Tour leader showed that woman's vote is needed in order that the legislature jnay express the full-orbed interest and opinion of the "community. Whereas at present, legislature is maimed and defective only expressing the man's view of the subject, and largely forgetting matters of vital value to the general public. Hence, not simply for themselves, but for the general good, and for the good of their children and their homes, women should labor to secure a vote. There i^none too much wisdom in the world. It is plain that the wisdom of the men only, does not suffice to govern the world successf ally. The wisdom of the women shoald be callcd to aid that of man, and thus by the combination we may hope, not perfection, but still a considerable improvement. Let me draw the attention of the women of South Australia to the exertions of women in England, in order to secure the national suffrage. Not a few thousand, but millions of nameB have been attached to petitions to Parliament, and vast meetings of women have been held in all the centres of population in England and Scotland. Why do not the women of South Australia awake and petition and make themselves heard ? We are told that wherever bodies of women are gathered in Britain for the higher studies, the great majority of them favour the woman's vote. In the women's debating societies, they cannot debate woman's suffrage; as they cannot find competent women who are of a contrary opinion. The great opponents of the woman's suffrage are the great enemies of the ten commandments. Those who profit by the vice and drunkenness of their fellow citizens, and who want free course for the lust of the flesh, dread the thought of the honorable matrons of the country coming into possession of a vcte. They are afraid that the women will go solid for the ten commandments, and this is terrible to the lovers of moral anarchy. Of course there are good people who have not examined the matter, or aged persons who cannot get rid of antiquated prejudice, who oppose; but the virulent opposers are the claBs that hate purity, order, temperance, and religion. The fact that the children of Belial have such a fiery dislike to women's sufferage should make the disciples of Christ very cautious before they also oppose. The holy Scriptures have been used against women's suffrage in a most unwarrantable way. Texts which refer to the marriage relation as such, like that in Genises iii., a text out of the epistles in which the apoBtle is treating of women's portion in the Church are brought forward as if they had connection with matters of state and national policy. We allow the fullest authority to all the texts in the Bible. There is not one which opposes the suffrage being ^granted to woman. The Bible in no place treats the question of suffrage in a democratic nation. Those persons who introduce the Bible into matters on which the Holy Ghost gives no teaching, are very presumptuous. When we use the the Bible, we should seek for the mind of the Spirit, and not assume meanings which were not in the mind of the Holy Spirit. There are no texts which contain direct teaching about the suffrage. SCHOLAR OF CHRIST. 