Some months ago it wa.j predicted that the leading bone of contention during the coming electoral campaign would be Protection venus Freetrade, and the M 'II wraith party having for years striven on behalf of Protection, will eventually receive wide support from those who believe in encourag ing colonial industry and fostering the trade of a young country through artificial means. We do not here in tend to explain our well-known views in favour of Protection as the only means towards intercolonial Free trade. It is our conviction that, however generous and right a free trade policy may be in theory, its opposite is shewn by practice to be right in young countries, even if used as a means towards an end, and that end Freetrade. What we wish more particularly to draw attention to just now, is, that the prediction of six months ago turns out to be only partly true, for while this great economic subject will, undoubtedly take a leading place in future politi cal discussions, it will now be over shadowed by one of greater import ance, we refer to the question as to whether Queensland as a whole shall maintain the grand stand the Opposi tion made in Parliament last session against the passage of the Naval Bill Our fiscal rules and regulations can be altered ,t will and as results determine, but our submission to the protection of England undera defined monetary agreement as implied under the Bill is of such a nature that we cannot throw oiT the yoke ot dependence without a revolution, whether a bloody or a calm one, de- 1 pending on the will of the other party. Let us explain iu a short , muiiupr the import of this measure, j If passed, (and nil the other colonies | have passed it), the various Govern- ! meats of the colonies undertake to : pay the mother-country a yearly 1 sum, about .£135, 000 we believe, and ; will receive iu return a naval squad- ? ron. which, fully equipped, will : jiuard our coast. To the shallow ; iniud, or the obstinate who, im- j lined with loyal feelings, will not . sink beneath the superficial appear- 1 auce of motherly protection, aud en - ; ticing grandeur and, not necessarily i trusty, safety of British ironclads off our coasts, aud turn up hard common j sense facts, this proposition bears the stamp of a lair quid pro quo de;)l, in which both sides obtain what they require. To such people — we do not altide to those traitors to Aus tralia, unhappily too numerous in our midst, who would barter their independence aud that of their pos terity for some paltry temporal gew gaw — the argument iu favour of such au agreement is based on an assump tion — a wrong one, aud, therefore, throwing the whole argument to the ground — that we would be a helpless prey to any matured nation on the globe were we to refuse this ' naval nv./! nn fl,n nfl.o,. hand with such a right arm we could, if not breathe defiance to our enemies, at least rest easy in our minds that we shall always remain as independent as we have been. All this implies that A. and B. make an agreement for mutual defence aud oflence. A. lives iu a crowded quarter, where quarrels aud disputes are frequent, where each member of the community is in a constant state of falling out with his neighbours, or has to keep his muscles in training in order to meet contingencies, which may arise through any of these neighbours' fighting, and one of them turning out a predominating bully, a second Xapoleon. If A. fights he calls in all his relations to the fray, not; only to help him but to defend themselves and their hearths. B. is one of these relations, butliviug iu absolutely the most out of the way part of the globe. He is au isolated creature, aud his strength lies in that tact. If he uses as much caution with his very distant neighbours as he does with his rich relative, he can not possibly have a quarrel. Nevertheless he is foolish enough to tell this relative that he is nervous aud frightened ot ghosts, and will undertake to share all A.'s fights, make foes of all his foes, render his country liable to war, pi nuclei1 aud rapine, if only A. will promise hint his protection. He absolutely courts ten fights, where he need have none by keeping clear of A. aud his quarrels. Australia and England will, therefore, to drop allegory, fight nobly side by side. Nothing, should this Bill be passed, can save Australia from sharing the constant state of tension which troubles Eng land owing to European complica tions, while if England is worsted iu any war, Australia can be handed over hohis bolus to her victorious foes should the latter want us, as England in her day demanded and obtained by war many of her colonies. To us the whole thing seems to be a fright ful blunder. We seem to be drawn, spell-bound, towards our doom. In spite of the magnificent example of national independence, aud indif- 1 ferenee to old world quarrels, which we have in the United States, we seem determined to place ourselves in the midst of this foreign turmoil, and to desire to share those troubles aud never ceasing anxieties, though iu wJt uui auu lay as open to blows, which must come sooner or later to wound our peace ful prosperity. The mighty man of tallow, who stands up and vaunts of England's greatness and of our little ness,. will here ask in what way, should we throw cut this Bill, can we assert ourselves when needed. Our fighting power is small and our expansion large he will say. To our thinking the presence of this naval power at our back will be a source of danger to us. We already know how Australian political leaders can talk when they have England at some dis tance at their back. The hasty words of such men have before this nearly brought England and France to blows, and the same fools made another attempt to get up a quarrel with Germany, when the latter onened her colonisine schemes in the Pacific.. What will the slavish examples of puny pluck therefore do when they are conscious of the pre sence of a strong naval force in their midst. Parkes will threaten France with annihilation if she dares to land another convict on her own penal settlement in this direction. Grif fith will sweep the Pacifice of Ger mans if they have the insolence to follow in England's footsteps and annex any more unappropriated islands this way. Our leading poli ticians will wax humorously terrific, but the humour will not last when they have stirred up the strong nations they have insulted to repri sals. Another item in the reasons of those who wish to make Australia an aggressive country will be found in the Chinese question. It is said, and no doubt truly enough, that the expulsion of Chinese from Australia to allow Europeans to live here is only a matter of time. Should we shut the Chinese out and send off all residing among us, it is presumed thatwe ahould have the armed Chinese 'down on us in hordes, and it is asked what shall we do then without old England's navy handy. Admitting for a moment, when we have thrust oiitthe Chinese, that the other nations of similar blood to ourselves would allow ofour being attacked unhelped, is it likely that we should do this necessary violence before many years or before we a re prepared to defend the consequences of our actions, We j grant that the Chinese are advano iug in the warlike arts with some effect, but by the time that they | are ready themselves with transports . and the whole disoipiiue aud para phernalia required to carry on an ' invasion of an immense and distant territory, we shall not be found un equal to the ta«k of repelling them. We shall of course from time to time refty to this subject again. It is one which electors will do well to ponder over, for through it we either put on one side all fear of meddling iu international difficulties which cannot interest us, or we lay up a store for generations to come of slavish dependence, coupled with wars and all their frightful couse quences. Maryborough and the dis trict will, we trust, look upon no candidate favorably who would vote for the Naval Bill. ' Approval or dis approval of it should be the prime test question of the coming election. 