A Voice from the Street. : (BY P??Eu.iRrE l'mICKtr:.) N?ht'long ago two well- knowv? guntleio n entered into a bond that neithelr should "touchl, toste, nir handle" intoxicating liquor for one chloander nmonth. They partid, oand zltthoogl seoparated, stock to their'word o infullyv. A week elapsed, nt thie end of which th oyv elut in Traralgon. Tears of joy dinnied thlo i eyes of tlih taller of tihe two a ?s hl wrllng his ctlllplntonll' hand, indl sail, " So gihd to mieet you. old fellow, conoe and have a drink." Arrived it the pub., ie loloked wistfully round the bar and then wlispeoreold, "Wl\at are yol going to have?" " LoeonladuloIe a linme juico," retnrneld the intorrogated. If lthat" maln lail received his deathlil warrant, or somle foitune-teller Ihad foretohl that lie wouhl h?l a councillor lie colid not look iorel wretched. . The features grow rigid, tfle eyeballs dilated, and h leiont nagain>t the counter for support. ilo lips moved; bnllt no sound issned. At length he. caughlt his couilzanion's halnn in at conloilsivo grnasp, lnld hoursely mluttered, " For G(od's sake spIro min, Jack.'? And Jack did, and now. tlhnutan is as happy. as Tennent or Blurko. The following oxtranrdinnry advertise iune nypeared lust week in a Melbourne daily : A sulnl nEnd om ant SCRUBRLtOG. Used to rough work." Apply @c. I lnvol enard of wonmen that want washing -to ilo, but this is, the firtt tine I hlave loouti of one of Eve's dauulltor's so long boing a stranger to soap nnd water as to require scrubbing. I would suggest n Turkilsh bath. Politics don't trouble slnoe peolle Imnlch. Thoe other day the following, converlation took.place in Connlrcnialloud :-" Good dll --- did you llear Jack. English was going for Pnrlianuent if tilo bill goes tllrough ?" "Js he," was the rply, "r well ho'll go in, for lie understands more about bills thab n a good lunny, and if the mInn that lioa givenl it. is worth o'nything he'll get it disconoted." Anoitler election ztor} is-and Ihis is a facet, one of ooy facti,.'lhic oare nas reliable as "figgere," or Jimmy .Mfinoml, or as' veracious-but there, I mustn't pursue. Ihis course of,reasoning any foflt er, or I night lind niyself ssertin. thai t i ll loegolitors are trhleltlling reliallo indivi dllls,' nh" :iclh noserlion Woulol probably bring me into dioastrons collision i?ith ollllohody else's flcts. So munch tzohe :orso for thlifacnts, I fanlr I bear someo of iny reodlors saving. Little thley know tile. If annm \f..A. is not.quito clear as to any eatoill Iln is requestedl to call at I1ny roost, wihere an expllanation will be tendered iihl, and I'll guarantee of iha?le mly bull rpl' " Dnavi " on the chain till ho's gone. 'oell, to retnrn to' tlhe snujil t mlatter of this drivil :-Thlc lday after thle election which pnrced Gorgoe at the top of the tree andI reltelated C trlue to the blakw.d.t oft \array?,i, I w i. travelling ah,':t a coi ertry rolald .whenll I iet it itac l ,' f. -w i: Ilr ianee it his ,nan litt'.: i. i I, anrd - prelult ably o1f stlic-,:it itwelligient:e to ave a ,itle in the shlaprinr f the n'ttional: destinics, who haliiedl c af, f llown:-'" I it, Pickle,i w r',- tili 'ere votill' t.t's goint' t it , il?o t "iitt CY' on' stiii tny i-n. digntoion at the fatiliahtr tilte of aidress, I repliied. " V;ing tha:'t going to be. ,My dear si,, I tit it awiire that thertn is going to he any voting." " Well." replie.l the innoci"t, "i?oite of the chitps Its titen ilnaggin' about; somle vuirl'. (Itilnarll nothillng alloat it iteself." " Perhlt:ps thley were sliktiaing of rie pdli for the Legisla tiv? Council which was taik,:i yesterdly ?' I atggestedl. "iMaybe they were," hie replied, " whol w.it stainglihg ? Great Cas.r's Ghost I Why D)avis alln Sargeant of colrste." "Well, keep your haitr on, oldI Fire-stick," said iti t colttnttioit, adtl then aldld,. half to himself. "Jnstl fIancy oh Saroeant standing, I suppose he reckoni ori tie Dlirlitnrh people putting him in." Tlits wa a clincher: ? nirring Iny steedt I foirged ahead. 'Talk aoltitit the It?el:ation Act and Itranllnoudll ultrage. Iecncefurth I'ln a Conseorvative. I observe tihit Cralstick the wewlli kntown cratwler for the (ipplloettl 1r.ii cent. llhs been i drawing it'cntion to the swindlill sweep promote.,; in it latlinoer nort calrlated to cullso emoitiaon of t aiti tude amonglll the "shirke" -tiwho digraoce ti i plibrt of racing, unless, ilnded, their grltitule, is ieutrrinhnod by a "lively senso of simllitlr favollr to comeIt." \Ve trlust, if tha tlattr Ulllppositioni bei correct. thit tiley will bie ro-vidtid by -" Crabbyh" wtith abundant reasotn for g:.atitud. It hin't often I feel lover- lik- to~ward this pragtilllt icl southern inkelin?, r, blut on this auccsi;e I cet 'ounetly say, " Give lus yOe 'ianlt, CriLb. oil fuller." I dlt:test the iwhrlte s?ed, breed, aitt l gei-eratile ofi the bitlook-notedl ntlltilurle wh rlo g ta anl I fatten on the filthy oiFal lto picked tip otn ithe rte- clllourse andlll triinU track. JiThere re, of collrse, ixceptitnai to every rulle, and there are doubtlesk e goad " bnotkmakers thaIt Imny eople ctnsiaer tttat whalt ast once observed of woalnt byr a hatefult cynic, may, slightly alterod, he applied to the Ibookmakin fraternity-"There are only ttr good tnokmakert in the wortl one of thetia id tdearl. and thie other can't be futtnd." I woutld not like to go so far as this, but I unt iperfUctly conlvitnedl Ithiat thie preisence of the " whole t ilillg" of them would not it oe iteen sufitient to avert the dooin pronouinced on SodtlliI anti GQotiurra, the wickedt cities aE the plain. 