A HAIL FROM ALOFT. [B¿ A SEAÎAAER.] ' A maa once told me a strange story. Ashore theincident would pass aa trifling, ' hut the ocean accentuates everything, and i a very small matter-wijl become a mem- orable thing when there may be a thousand leagues ot* brine between it and the. coast.. On the morning of a hot and . sparkling day a f ull-rlgged ship was quiet- ly pushing through the blue water, fanned hy a feverish gushing, of radiant wind, that held the sails marble like, and trem- bled an echo as of a distant tinkling of silver bells off the azure surface alongside. The men wore at work on varions jobs, some aloft, some stitching at a sail stretch- ed along the deck ; the clink of the spun yarn-winch ran a pleasant busy note through the quiet. In the, cool violet shadow of the quarter-deck awning stump- ed tho (Mptain bf the1 ship in a broard brimmed''straw hat 'and white clothe. The mate flitédjheréand there,oheeyehioft, one eye aldng the 'decks. Eight af i; past the tw|Hgfof of tWmuinç, qte fhruro o|, thc man at the wheel came out in a sort of glare to the burning showering of the sunlight, the pi et uro looking the hotter and the moro hUudiug for the flashing up of the h A it brass work upon the wheel and tile d.«2/.:iiig stars iii the metal hood of the binuacle. On a sudden aud scream rang through tho quiet wind. It was as shrill as a womau,s, with ' a sound of anguish in it fit to make the li oar t sick. At the same moment you heard a dull plash almgbide. Instantly there wa* a cry ot' ' Mau overboard 1' with a rush ol! the men upon the deck to the bulwarks to \ look, aud a wild shouting and pointinir of the fellows up in the rigging. Swift as thought tho captain hove a life-buoy' with a cry to the helmsman, followed by ano: her for hands to Jay aft to lower a boat, lt was a young ordinary seaman who had slipped and fallen, through a sudden giddiness, may be, caught from the swim- ming heat in which he was airily swinging when his grasp relaxed. They saw him rise wtih a shake of his hoad, to clear his eyes of the wet hair that blinded him, and then smile as he caught si?ht of the white circle floating within a few fathoms of him ; but the two or three fellows who were aloft held their breath as they looked dowu with blanched faces and a dull, stupefied star» at the figure, for up ther they were able to see whats was hidden to those who were gazing over the rail-I mean the blue outline of a long shark following the ship at much such a distance as you would tow your patent leg, but well down on the port quarter, whilst the mau, who was making for the buoy, was to starboard, the ship ubi y coming to the wind meanwhile, which might make one hopa that the'brute would be drawn off the scent of the poorfellow by the arch- ing furrow of the keel. But they held - a grim silence up there, dreadiug to para- lyse the swimmer by calling the news of. of what they saw to the deck. The seaman gained, the lifebuoy, dex- terously got it under his arms, and so floated, with afew flurishes cf his bauds to his mates to let them know that all was Well with him. What with gripes to clear away, falls te unstop, rudders to hang, and tackles to overhaul, boat-lowering at sea, in a scientific age, is a miserable, tedious business ;with no better foresight, maybe, than a thumb for a plug and patent clip hooks to bring the boat up and down; like a yard of pump-wa*er, in a seaway.' Scarcely had four men shoved off, iu oharge of the mato, when there was a will cry aloft, re-echoed from the sea by such an earpiercing scream as had first given the alarm. The man floating in the' buoy flung:his arms straight up, stiff as marlinspikes, and then they drooped, coming slowly to his side like the handle of. a pump ainkingfrom Us horizontal' position whilst bis head gradually sank upon Iiis breast. 'Ho's been bitten in half,' roard a voice from aloft. One did not need, to see a fin of the haast that had done this ta gather, by the posture of the man, that it had happued. In a few mom menta the boat was alongside him, and he was lifted out of the buoy dead, all below the line of the buoy nipped off clean as though a saw had gene to work there. They brought the. trunk to the ship, stitched it up, and buried it. It was a horrible thing to happen ; it was t hc more frightful, too, for its suddene&s; ; a desper ate gloom fell upon the spirits ot the crew. They spoke in whispers, went to meals on tiptoe, and when dog watch came they hung about forward in thoughtful, Melancholy groupa } for though tho sailor claims that there is no sentiment at sea, deathes a bitter a depressent ou the oeeau as it is, aujongst us on shore, such an end as this man had met trill haunt the mind of those who witnes it for days and weeks. You saw the influence of the horror ot tho thing aft, too, in the subdued air of the skipper and the milder manner- of the mates in whatever they had to deliver to the men. Au hour before sundown, the breeze holding and the ship wrinkling through it at seme three or four miles in the hour, there had rizen some home bound sail off the starhoardd bow, a big ship ap- parently that had soared to the yawn of her braced-up courses when the evening shadow went flickering to her canvas1 with a rusty red of sunset lingering a little upon the heights of her three white j spires. The moqn rQse ff> eight OF thereabouts, | lifting with a wet ice-lifce sparkle out of the eastern line of indigo which ran her gloryin asinuous stream to midway betwixt the ship and the horizon, and filled the atmosphere with a cloudy splendour of light in which the distant'vessel showed in the south-west dusk like the shoulder of a body of vapour hanging motionless, lt was a soft and lovely night indeeed ; the heavens going from the sphere of the white flooding of the moon down to the sea-line 1 very rich with large _ trembling stars, < and the night wind with a scent in it as sweet as new milk. The firs! mate had, charge of the 'deck from eight till mid- night. It was so burning hot below that the second mate came Ujb at six bells with a groan to his brother officer that he had ; only been able'to catch a half-Hour's nap ana then his'dream Was "all about the irían who had gouè overboard^ w(th the look of the body as it lay iu the boat when it came alongside. He wiped the sweat from Ids brow, and said that, for his part, iE there i was snell a thing as a waterproof ham ! mock abroad he'd be glad to till it to the brim and lay in soak till it was time to get I'up. Tho captin was below, aud the two paced the deck together for awhile. They were talking quietly over the incident of the day, when suddenly a voice up amongst Ike shadows of the sails and rig- ging cried out, in a melancholy rustysortof tone, ' Hero's poor Jack come back again ! Hero's poor Jack come back again 1' Now it was nearly as clear aa daylight forward of the sails where the roundjngs, of their bosoms were, but the hollows abaft rose in several shades of dusk with silver arching* of moonlight nuder the curved foot of the canvas. The mates camp to a haltjwith their hearts sounding loud iu their ears. It was not, only that the mau who had fallen o veiboard^oore the name of Jack ; this cry, sounding out of the airy gloom aloft, was in dismal and' distracting correspondence with the mates, thoughts aud words. ' Did you hear it P' cried one of them to the ottier. ' Here's poor Jack come back again!' sounded afresh from .somewhere lip out of the matu topmast croatrees. 'By the. holy cloven thousand 2' cried, the second mate. ' What-what-but it must bo some thundering son of a gun up there. Yet d'ye make out anything,; sir P It's all a blank to my eyer. The awning had been for hours rolled up and the canvas went io a* tower to the stars clear as ebony and silver to the gase. ' Soma one's singing eut from aloft,' cried a voice forward. ' Poor Jack, ha's come back ! Poor sJnck, ' he's comeback I '«ame the rusty cry, but clear as a bell floatiug downwards ont ot* the gloom with not a hint of a haman figure anywhere up there to be seen. 'Aloft there!' bawled the mate ; 'lay dawn smartly whoever you are,, d'ye hear ? or it'll be a joke to boil iu your guts when 1 make ye swallow it afresh.'. ' Jack's Jack's come back, ! Jack's come back !' was the answer, followed by.a.low melancholy wailing,? Ha, ha, ha, !' The Watch ou deck were all astir gazing up ; the two mates stared their hardest; but there was nothing to be seen. The cap- tain arrived. 'What's the matterP' he demanded- ' What!« the hailing about P' * Jack'«: come faaek !' .sounded the.strang© cry afresh, hut *yith a languishing note nv itt as though uttered by;a yery feeble and dejected throat. 'Some fellow skylark- ing up-there,' cried the captain, after a etart and. a flourish .of hiß hands and a breath ; , d'ye t. ase anything P' ' No sir.' ' Confoundedly .queer,' he ejaculated, peeirag. and peering.,; Glpomy as was ithis fiiája of the canvas, the .sheen iu the atmosphere ¿/ was.. ;. brilliant - enough to tincture itjiand no man could have shown so- much as his head, or even an arm, without Certainty of detection., from the deck. 'What is it P'said the captain ; .' there is nothing iu timber and sailcloth to talk, you kuow, aud aa to.ghosts-'he looked blankly at the mate, and then ex- plained, ' Send a couple of hands aloft to see what they can make of it.' But. the deuce a man, would stir. ' Jump now, lads, two of ye,' cried the mate, but the only response he got was a sulky growl and an uneasy shifting of the figures, who had com» together in a huddle aqd were looking up. :' Here,' he exclaimed to the second mate, ' yon take the lee shrouds j I'll so to windward. Between ns we ought to bo able to «love this holness/ The second mate hung in tho wind a inmoto, looking idly on, but, observing tho other to spring into the weather rig-, ging, he made for the port shrouds, and so they went sprawling aloft>Jmt very gingerly, with a halt of the chief male and a prolonged stare up to a farthur cry of ' It's Jack come back I it's * Jack come back {' 'see anything on your side' F he called to the second mate as they arrived together- at the f attackshrouds. ' Noth- ing,' was the answer. ' Well, ghost or no ghost, here goss,' exclaimed the mate and catching hold of the topmast rigging he put his knee on the edge of the top and sprang into it. An instant af ter he bawled ' Murder ! murder !- Thunder and sings ( Though it's a -- it's a--.' The rest was drowned in several strange shrieks. ' Lord, he's bitten me </ ' W hat is it F shrieked the skipper, , in an agony of curiosity and alarm, from the quarter- deck. * A blooming parrot, sir,' answered the mate, ' if it isn' a vulture/ And so it was. The .two men smothered the bird in a handkerchief and brought him below.. The poor creature proved to be a fine specimen pf the African grey parrot, lt seemed half dead with exhaustion, but its fright on being exposed to the caqln lamp was so . great that it spread its whigs in a feeble effort to fly, by which it was seen, that its ample ample breadth and length of pinions were unshorn. It put its head on -one side and, fixing its lack-lustre'eye aa the mate, it exclaimed, 'Poor Jack's come back ¡ and thon fell ba its'side, and? though1 all possible care was taken'of the' handsome creature, it was found dead) next morning.''Tlië theory was that! it had escaped from the1 ship that had been sight- ed that afternoon, and that if'hadj arrived at the H|fehig af d^ek unp>rea}ve4'nyany one on board, and that, the moonlight being as sunrise end tito figures of tiie mon on deck very plain, it has souuded.per haps, the only syilablesit bad been taught, urged by santo parrot-like instiuct to cati attention to its presence. There «rete not wanting some grim and superstitious salts aboard tho ship to hint that though, to bo sure, it was au African grey parrot, there was more went to tho making of it than a beak and talons ami feathers ; and per- i . haps the captain and mates showed them- selves by no means uisousible to the rough superstitious forecastle fancy, by orderiug the 8ailmaker to stitch the parrot up in a canvas bag with a lump of holystouo at his toes tor such another burial as they had civ An rhnir truncated shinmatA the day before. -Daily Telegraph. 