A LOOKAHEAP. Br "Vmilant." THE V.R-C- AUTUMN MEETING- THE NEWMARKET HANDICAP. Of the fire and thirty Iioizcb which have accepted for this year's Newmarket Han dicap I shall expect to see eight sad twenty or thirty come to the post on Saturday. In the face of such a big field as this, one may well dread the task of attempting to tip the winner, but the undertaking is really less difficult than it seems, as the favorite generally manages to get home in this race, and since its institution in 74, when Bob Batty, then a boy about five stone, won on Mud of Avcnel, the Newmarket Handicap has only been once carried off by an outsider. One would have imagined— taking into con sideration the fact that the race is at best only a flutter— that turns up would be the rule not the exception, but experience baa taught, us otherwise ; end, on re flection, I don't think one liasttsearch farfor the explanation. The Newmarket Handicap is a race for which the best horses of the year are reserved, and which, moreover, has never once been won by a second-rate horse. There are five-and- thirty acceptors for this year's race, and out of thoae five-and- thirtyl don't euppose there are more than fifteen that possess a hundred to one chance of winning, and more than that if the truth were told, I scarcely think that of the fivc-and-thirty acceptors there are fifteen owners of horses engaged in the race who really believe that their nominations have a ghost of a show. Then why accept F Aye, there's the rub. Our fields are bigger here than at heme, but they are swollen at the' expense of the public; and, though the runners are more numerous, the percentage of triers — or in a race liko the Newmarket Handicap, the horses who really have a chance of winning — is very much smaller than in England. The belting market alone proves this, and in the betting, by the way one or two horses have been backed, and at short prices, too, which will not finish amongst the first ten horses in the actual race. Up to the present this year's Newmarket Handicap has been an exceptionally good betting race. No single bone has been backed for a really big stake— not fire and twenty thousand certainly — but ten or a dozen horses bare each beon well sup ported, and at present a thousand to ninety is obtainable on the field. If My Lord starts, and I think that is settled, he will carry top weight, aiid lOst 61b seems a terrible impost. This horse was originally handi capped at 9st 91b, and I certainly think that Mr Barnard commenced too low. In 84 be actually gave little Ftyingpan— a four-yoar-cld— ten stone eight! when the minimum was precisely the same as it is now. In fairness to Bomo of the bottom end middle weights, I certainly consider this year's handicap should have been framed four or five pounds higher. \- ftin SjHugngsd. tha hipf' at-the weights are, I think. Mozabt, 9st 61b, whom I regard as a first-class place investment. I am afraid that ho won't quite gethome,but whatever beats him will have to make very fast time. If Bamage is well enough to ride next Saturday ho will have the mount on the son of Napoleon, who is fitter now than ho ever previously was in hiB life, but in tho event of Ramage not being well, R. Ellis will ride. Spade Guinea, Ost. 21b,. has been booked for this race to win something less than ten thousand. She has yet to win her spurs in Australia, but her New Zealand record over all distances is such a brilliant one that it would be unwise to disoount her chances this autumn. Oranbrook, 8st. 121b., has always been a favorite ef mine, and without beating unnecessarily about the bnsh I will at once give my opinion for what it may be worth, and assCrt that whatever beats the big colt will win tho Nowmarket Handicap. The weight is a big one nndoubtedly, but I don't forget that lie Grand, as a three- year-old, carried'8st 101b and ran second to Malua. Any other Newmarket bar the one I refer to, Iio Grand would have won easily, and he would thus hare established, a throe-year-old record. Unfortunately he managed to ran against a snag in the shape of a Malua at 8at- 7 lb., and his owner had to put up with second place. Now, rightly or wrongly, I consider Cranbrook at least as fast a colt as lie Grand— up to a wile, say— there is cer tainly no Malua at Sat. 71b. in this year's raoe, and Oranbrook'a chance, therefore, must.1 think, be held as second to none. We don't know What a really good three- year-old can't do. Plaisanterio, a throe- yearold mare, carried 8at 121b in the Cambridgeshire of '85 and won that race in a common canter. This was with a minimum of fist 71b. This is about equivalent to a firafc-daas three- year-old colt carrying 8st lOlbs and winning a Newmarket Handioap. Whyabouldn't Oranbrook be equal to. the task with about a stone less 2 The Cam bridgeshire — like our Newmarket Handi oap! — is mm in tho Autumn, and I have always contended (hat three-year-olds are at theb -Best at that period. Navigator, fist. 81b. ; Hirst King, 8st 61b. ; and Trident, fist. Tib., each won their Aus tralian Clips in- the Affltpmn, and Oran- brook is really asked to carry leas over weight, according to weight for age scale, than either First King or Trident won under. His owner is frightened of but one contingency — he fears that Oran brook won't be able to jump away quick enough. If tho big colt is beaten, this will be the primary cause of his downfall. A Newmarket winner must bo s " good beginner." MmtABLECBE, 8st 71b, won a New market Handicap in New Zealand, carry ing 9st 61b, but her best winning perfor mance, so far, on this side, was herBourire Handicap victoiy, 7st 121b. She gave Centaur a couple of stone, and ran second to him in the Royal Stakes, at Rand wick, and as she will now meet him on a stone and a half better terms, she should, other things being equal, hold the son of The Drummer pretty safe. The best of Mr Long's pair, either Yellow Jacket or Chcsham, is bound 'to be dangerous, but I would prefer to leave both alone until the post is reached. Si. Odille, 8at. lib. is the daughter of St. Albans who carried 7st. lib., and boat Quintin -M&tsen; in -the . Bohtice Handicap a couple of years ago. Since then the mare has never won a race, hut she is going so well at Flemincton just now that her chance is very much fancied.. Her gallop .yesterday morning was -a marvellous exhibition of speed, and if-she races as well with the colors up Bhe should very nearly win. There is a rumor afloat that her owner has not backed her "for a penny, and that she may not sec the post for this race. Master John, 8at., dangerous, beBt performance Railway Handicap win, 7st, 31b., last spring at Flemingson. Centacu, 8st, As I have already re marked, that " all things being equal," Mitrailleuse should, ou the difference at which they now meet, reverse the Royal Slakes running, and beat Centaur in the Newmarket Handicap, it may savor some what of inconsistency if I include Centaur amongst ray list, of dangerous horses for Saturday's six-furlong race. But all thiugs may not bo equal. Mitrailleuse may have degenerated, Centaur "come on," or a host of otlior possible complica tions arisen which may result in the gelding again defeating the mare, even at a difference of ouoand-twenty pounds in her favor. ; No horse has done better work at Flemington than Centaur, and uohorsowillstripin more perfect condition on Saturday thau this son of The Drum mer. All the Sydney peoplo swear by him, and at least two Sydney jookeys unconnected with the stable have backed him. Under these circumstances Centaur will take a lot of wiping out, and on bis Anniversary Handicap running he has fully earned the position be at present holds— near the top of the Newmarket Handicap quotations. ToRPEDO, 6at.71b., has a good rough out side chance. This filly will I think beat cveiytbing that ran in the Oakleigh Handicap. If Oracknoll rides her 1 shall feel strongly inclined to back her on Saturday. I consider her far and away the brat outsider in the race. There was a Big rush to back ber yosterday, and judging by the reports rifejg her JRtvatq, performances, she "is bouTict tb run into place. She will sea a veiy short price before the flag falls, and with Cracknel! up will about win. Sumatra, 7st. 81b., on the ground of a good gallop performed at Flemincton on Saturday J has been Teiy freely nibbled at. As a two-year-old this' daughter of The Pontiff was a very slippeiy customer. ' 1 am not in lore with her Newmarket chance, although she created a heat of admirers when she completed that six furlong gallop under lmin. 19sec. Epicurean, 7s t. 81b., for whom I en tertained a great fancy on the publication of the weights, performed so badly in the Oakleigh Handicap, . at Caulfiold, that accepting that as the gelding's true form, it would be unwise to stand him for a Nowmarket Handicap. Buz, 7st 81b, lias nevor done anything yet within half a stone of Newmarket Handicap form, and the son of Bosworth is generally credited with being a soft 'uu when pinched. He, however, won the Railway Handicap at Goelong like a race horse, and as Cripps has managed to get liim remarkably well just now, it is on the cards that oven a Newmarket Handi cap isn't beyond bis tether. Lord Allen, 7st 41b., has long en joyed a big reputation, but so far he is still a maiden. I believe Mick O'Brien will ride him on Saturday, and he was yesterday legitimately backed for this race. This colt, who has been trained at Dandenong, answered a big question there satisfactorily, and by tho time this is in the reader's hands be will be on his way. to Caulfield. Carrying O'Brien and (he stable money, this Tasmouian bred ches- nut will be doubly dangerous. The following is a table of THE PROBABLE STARTERS AND JOCKEYS FOR THE NEWMARKET HANDICAP :— Horse Weight Eider st lb. Mr Lord 10 S Garry Malua 9 12 Mr J. O. Inglis Acme 9 6 Huxley Mozaht 9 5 B. Ellis Spade Guinea ... 9 8 Norton Coakbrook 8 IS Halee mltealllguse ... 8 7 Kelso Ren Bolt 8 7 Lyons Yellow Jacket ... 8 6 Cbeshau 8 S St. Odills ... 8 1 Master John ... 8 0 Centaur ... ._ 8 0 Sudor Don Giovak 7 12 F.llou Whakawai ... ... 7 U Moffat Pakbha 7 11 Moore TheFobsaeen ... 7 9 O'Brien - Epicurean 7 8 Trahin Boz ... ... 7. 8 Brown Sumatra J 8 The Queen 7 7 C. Gongfa ? Vromr 7 7 Power Mti Chicago 7 6 Ml The Charmer „ 7. 5 Tomlin HH EBbcraiaoK ... ... 7 4 -.t aBg Lord Allen ... 7 4 M. CliffE Casuist 7 2 Bingham Dick Swiveller ... 7 1 H. Brown Poiiona 8 11 Hoa-ie 'Marlborough ... 8 11 Louise Brrta' ... 810 G.Blair South Melbourne ... 8.7 itosethorn 6 7 Torpedo' 6 7 Cracknel Tabard 6 7 'Doubtful starters. Now that it comes to a final choice 1 am wavering between Torpedo, Cran- brook, and Lord Allen. I would have included St. Odillr, but there cau bo no questioning the fact that up to last . night her owfler had not hacked her. If all that I learned yesterday about Torpedo is correct, .she must ran the race consider ably under lmin. lGscc. By Neckersgat out of Boiloha, she ought to be a flyer, and her admirers assert that if her Mordialloc gallops had been performed under the public eye at Flemington or Caulfield she would now be first favorite for this .race. With only Ost 71b, and Cracknell in the saddle, this lilly should carry the blue and crimson stars first past tho post in' the Newmarket Handicap. I think TORrEDo or Crandrook will win, end place them Torpedo.. ....... (Cracknell) 1 Cranbrook (Hales) 2 Loud Allen (O'Brien) 3 The-Leoer will— after the Newmarket Handicap, of course — he the principal event to be run on Saturday. I don't suppose there will be more than 'half-a- dozen' starters, made up from the following : — Australian Peer, " Mobrhouse, Abercorn, En filade, and possibly a couplo of others. Australian Peer and Abercorn will fight their battlesover again, and have tho finish to themselves. One of the two will win, and as I consider Ahcrcom a vastly improved colt, I shall expect to see him run a very much better race than he did in tho V.R.C. Derby. 1 don't think there are many -pounds now Abercorn will win. perhaps- The Essendon Stakes. — Nelson. Ascot Yale Stakes. — Pearl Shell. Brunswick Stakes.— Si. Odille, if started. 