THE GOSSIP’S BOWL. “ If pcrclmncc I shall speak a little jocosely you will'kindly allow mo that privilege.” I obsorvo by a recent issue of the Herald that our 1’order neighbors ure raising a cry of retaliation in tho niattor of custom duties. They talk of placing a prohibition tariff on articles of food and forage for man and boast for tho supply of which they are in a groat measure depending on Victoria’Felix. They say in effect to us—“If you attempt to pro tect yourselves by increasing the stock tax, we’ll close the Iliverina market to your corn-dealers, and your spud growers, who will have to look around for another market for their com modities.” A ’tother-sidor, writing to one of tho Albury papers recently, attributed tho prosperity of Victoria to tho fact that more than one of the sister colonies were dependent upon the “ cab bage-garden” for supplies for man and beast. And now our friends are talking of making reprisals. Well, we have heard that “a straw best shows how the wind blows;” and no doubt this little bit of by-play on the part of our neighbors is intended as a scare-crow to frighten away any further intrusion upon tho domain of free-trade. If they do s oaoiisly think of putting tho threat into execution, they must surely forgot tho moral of the fable about tho belly and the other mombors. I thiuk the Albury folks—who boast “ some” knowledge of tho cards—know a trick worth two of that suggested by tho reprisal party. I don’t think they aro foolish enough to countonanco the lopping off' of tho proverbial olfactory in order to spite tho romaindor of tho physiognomy, and am therefore convinced that the so called retaliatory agitation is only a brutem fulmen. If there is anything at all in the present outcry, it tends to siiow that freetrado is not tho “ settled policy” of New South Wales that our neighbors would have us believe. Tallangntta boasts a resurrected liorso. A few days ago a young man was return ing from Yackandandah, and on reaching Kiowa his horse emulated tho Newcastle coal-minors, and struck work. After humoring the animal a little, anothor start was made, and everything wont tolerably woll until within three or four miles of Tallangatta, when tho poor animal stoppod short, oscillated his equine frnrno a little, assumed a prayerful atlitudo, and thon yieldod up the ghost. It was in fact a easo of horse, de combat, as they say in the classics. Tho horseman left tho painful scene with mingled feelings of pity and remorse coursing through his manly bosom—pity for tho unfortunato animal thus stricken down in tho bloom of its equine existence, and fearful of a bill of costs from tho owner of tho dopartod steed (for it was a borrowed boss). Tho rider used Shank’s pony to convey lrim in to Tallangatta, wliero ho “ told his tale of sorrow to anxious friends in vain.” Ho was advised to havo the carcase of tho animal removed from the road, lost tho mail horses might fall on its neck and woop, and bring tho occupants of tho coach to grief also. Arrangements woro accordingly made for a “ lmllocky” to drag the corpus to the sido of tho road, there to await the funeral pile on tho morrow. When tho driver of tho team of oxen arrived on tho seeno where tho horse had “ pegged out,” ho failed to discover the remains. He' therefore set out on a tour of inspection. IIo had not gone many yards when ho was astonished at an object in the shape of tho very liorso that was thon boing mourned as dead. Ho know tho horse woll, and “ tho dim reli gious light” prevailing was quite’sufficient to cnablo him to read tho animal’s points. I never yet know a1 bull-punchor to bo superstitious, or to holiovo in spirits of any kind'boyond those hold captive in a whisk) -bottle. Had tho good-natured teamster in this enso been a believer in fairies or such liko folk-lore, there is no knowing what ho might have dono under tho circumstances—tho probability is that his toam would have been left unyoked for that night. He walked towards the resurrected animal, to “ mako assuranco doubly sure,” and doubtless with a wish to ho tho first to congratulate tho prodigy on its phenomenal experience. But tho noble Pogasus—probably believing that ho was at last in tho Elysian Holds— resented the intrusion on his domain, and wont for tho gender of oxou -with eyes aflame and mouth agapo. A fenco close by proved Bullocky’s redemption, md ho made the best of his way back to bis waggon, swearing by the biggest quadruple-compound adjective in his rocabulary of “ mouth-fillors ” that ho would never again assist at tho obsoquios if a horse—even if it were tho best in tho and. Turning his attention to his more ;ractable kine, ho trudged on his way with careless stops and slow. In tho neantime word was sent to Tallangatta lint the horse was “ not dead, but only sleepeth, aud when the party who had borrowed tho horse—aud who, by the way, was the chief mourner on the occasion—had satistiod himself by ocular demonstration that the animal had really deferred shuffling-off till some future occasion, he was so overjoyed at not having to “ part” the value of the prad that he insisted on laying an offering to his lucky star at tho slinuo of Bacchus, and invited a numbor of frionds to assist at tho ceremony. That liorso still lives—' a raving, rabid lunatic of a horse. Some months ago tho poor brute mot with an accident—I think tho affair was roported in your colums—by tumbling against a fallen tree, n projecting point of which entered the horse’s head. It was con sidered a miracle that tho animal was not killed, as the stake ontored very near tho ' corobollum, as tho doctors say. But though it recovered, the poor crack brained animal has frequently exhibited symptoms of madness. In tho opinion of a good nmnv people, it would bo well, for tho sake of humanity and expediency, to havo tho demented brute destroyed. The animal is certainly not rosponsiblo for its actions ; and as tho proposals-in-lunacy of tho latest Budget spcoch do not contain any provision for the “ friends of man" who may follow the example of mankind, by “ going off their chumps,” it would bo an act of charity to-give tho poor suffering brute its quietus at once. The insane Bucophalus might sotno day take it into his hoad to run amuck among some of. our oasy-going townspeople, nemo of whom would wish to make their exit by such au ugonoy—or at any rate not before the fulfilment of thoir droains in the approach of tho iron liorso hither ward. Life has still something worth livin'1, for ! I am told that the seutimout, ‘‘May you never dio till a dead horse kicks you!” has not a particularly felicitous significance in Tallangnttu just There resides, not a hundred leagues from Corryong, a certain young lady who is evidently bent upon engaging in tho nuptial toils some one of th® hundred marriageable young men of tho vicinity. This young damsel has boasted that she has proposed to no less than four young fellows, and has as many more in view to sot her cap at. Only fancy! Tho lady in question is exercising her Leap- year prerogative with a vengeance. Hoi- love lottors aro said to bo couohod in language quite too amatory, and calculated to make an impression upon tbo most adamantine masculine henrt—supposing, of course, that tbo members of tho sterner sox boast such a physiological appendage. It is supposedly duo to this fact that no answers have boon vouchsafed to the endearing little HUtls dmix. The fair “popper” told another young lady—in confidence, of course—that, if she didn't capture a husband, she would at any rate supplement her wardrobe by sundry pairs of gloves, drosses. &c.; Well, that sounds like business, anyway. But, at the same time, this fair Dulcinoa would do well to talco hood of Nemesis in the form of prospective actions for broaches of pro mise. Tho young Lords of Creation will not brook sucli conduct as tills at tho hands of the fair sex, notwithstanding the so-called Leap-year privileges on joyed by the latter. I’ASQUIN. 