ROUND AND ABOUT SYDNEY. AT THE OBSERVATORY. BY VIATOR. Does the reader know what a seismograph is? The probability in nine cases out of ten is that he does not. Well, a seismograph is an instrument for registering the duration, force, and direction of earthquake up- heavals. There is a seismograph now being placed in position at the Sydney Observatory. It was owing to the absence of this instrument that the recent earthquake escaped being duly registered and measured at the Observatory, and the Government Astronomer is quite determined that no such escape shall be allowed in future. It would appear that these wretched up- heavals, and in fact, the general phenomena of nature have the most pitiable disregard for science, and display not the slightest anxiety for falling in with the wishes of savants desirous of describing them, but turn up in the most casual fashion, at the most in- convenient times. To meet this irregular and wholly indefensible conduct on the part of these natural phenomena it has been necessary for scientists to fashion the most curious instruments for the extension of at least three of the five human senses. To the artificial, but immensely superhuman, organs of touch, sight, and hearing, which the scientist has perfected, every tremor and shudder in the opaque and secret globe, every star change in the limitless heavens, is at once apparent, for the cunning mind of man to ponder over and account for. Science, it is true, has not gifted mechanism with life, but it has endowed it with intelligence, and furnished it with nerves almost infinitely more susceptible than the delicatest sensation duct in the wondrous human anatomy. It is a wonderful place, that Sydney Observatory : and a remarkable mind is the calm, scholarly mind which is its presiding genius. The more mathematician is held, perhaps not unjustly, to belong to the secondary order of minds. Dr. Holmes compares him unfavourably to the calculating machine, and tells us that he never looks at one without hearing the wheels clicking in his head. But the astronomical mathematician is something widely different. Without his efforts the field of imagination would be narrowed and shortened, and modern poetry shorn of many of its dearest triumphs. The astronomer must be a poet. The very processes of speculation which are suggested by his observation, and by which he in many cases arrives at his noblest results, are themselves acts of the imagination as sublime, if more orderly, than those of the poet. The idealising capacity of human nature, we know has its limits, wide, high, and prolonged as those limits are in the grandest instances. In the same way the imaginative nature has its limits, and that nature has yet to be found which might know for years as a daily experience, through the augmented senses of the modern scientific astronomer, the wonders of God's heaven, thickly sown with blazing stars and marvellous with a myriad of beautiful mysteries, and yet not feel something of the joy of imaginativo exaltation. With a view of seeing some of the wonders at the Observatory, not forgetting our intelligent friend the seismograph, I called there a few evenings ago, and had the satisfaction of Mr. Russell's company during my visit, and the advantage of his personal comment on the things therein contained. The Govern- ment Astronomer talks to the non-technical mind in the most felicitous manner—a feat not easy of accomplish- ment to a man who to a great extent is no doubt forced to think technically, and with an easy revelation of knowledge which is observable in all men deeply primed with their subject—the overflowing of a fully charged intelligence—an unaffected copious manner, which all good lecturers should and do possess. Just as you turn in the door you chance on a gigantic chunk of blue metal—at least, so the unsophisticated visitor imagines, until he is informed that if it is road metal at all, at least the road it paved was not an earthly one. It is a meteoric stone, which deeply indented the earth's skull some time ago up near Deniliquin. Luckily it did not fall on any aboriginal skull, or it would probably have shattered into dust, and been lost to scientific men for ever. The earth has plenty of these missiles burled at it in its annual race around the sun. I forgot how many Proctor calculates falls on it yearly, but the number is much more than any- one would care to count for amusement. Looking closely at it, it appears pitted, as though pock- marked. This is owing to the fact that its hurried journey through space heated the exterior till it became incan- descent, while, to use Mr. Russell's words, "its interior was as cold as it could be made in space" ; and, according to all accounts, things can be done pretty frigidly there. On coming into the earth's attraction the friction of our atmosphere chipped pieces off the surface, which flew off in fiery sparks, and so the pitted appearance of the stone is presented on its arrival on terra firma. A wonderful thing this strange dark-coloured stone, and one from which, as has been observed of a pebble on the seashore, a supreme intelligence might augur the whole mystery of the organic universe. Among the other wonders at the Observatory, too numerous indeed to specify here, but not devoid of deep interest, was a machine by which a trigonometrical sur- veyor at Bourke was in the most off-hand fashion conveying the results of his observations to the Obser- vatory. This was part of a new system of survey of the colony which is to supersede the trigonometrical system. Mr. Russell kindly offered to go into the matter, but as I could easily foresee deeps within deeps, and heights beyond heights, which would over- power, swallow up, roll over me, and generally annihilate me, to cast me forth at length a degraded, ruined, pulpy thing, I evaded the matter in an easy graceful way, peculiar to me on such occasions, and was at once conducted to the room in which the grand telescope watches. This is roofed by a great dome of iron weighing two tons. The telescope itself is 12ft. in length, with a glass as many inches in diameter. It rests on a heavy iron stand, the interior of which is occu- pied by a " clock," whioh causes the telescope to follow the seeming motion of the stars. Otherwise the motion of the earth would carry the telescope with it, and the observer would lose his star every few seconds. This Mr. Russell illustrated. " I will now," he said, as I looked through the telescope, " show you the motion of the earth." This was gratifying, as up to that time although I had in a general way recognised the motion of the globe, as a fact it had never been made actually palpable to my view. Mr. Russell stopped the clock, and the star at which I was gazing, Alpha Centauri, immediately bogan to move, and approach the rim of the telescope's pupil till finally it went swinging out of sight as the earth spun round. The experience was very fine, and did not cause the faintest sensation of giddiness as might be imagined by the unin- itiated. Everything in the Observatory appeared to obey the touch of the astronomer's hand as though it possessed the power of magic. He touched a lever and the huge dome above spun round with a noise like thunder. Another lever caused the roof to fly open, as it were, and the telescope pointed grimly through, as though some insane artilleryman was at feud with the heavens, and had made up his mind to bombard it with earthly projectiles ; though, if he tried it, he might get such a battery in reply if the calm stars deigned to answer—as would settle him and his puny globe once and for all. It is a curious thing that almost every person who sees the Southern Cross for tho first time does so with a sense of disappointment. No constellation has been so con- sistently belauded, and yet its irregular form, small size, and stars of unequal magnitude make it in reality anything but imposing and beautiful. Mr. Russell explained that it was beautiful when viewed through the telescope, and the description of astronomers, who invariably speak of the heavens telescopically, if the term is allowable, has been accepted as though they viewed the Cross with the naked eye. Some of the beauties of this singular constellation, under the tele- scope, I was shown, and they are indescribable in their majesty and loveliness. Just on one shoulder of the cross the telescope brings out a star, red as a splash of purest blood. That was the most wonderful sight I saw. It glittered like intensest ruby, a single stinging flash of red light, passionate and hot, beside its multitudinous, passion- less, silver brethren. What it is God alone knows. Since the beginning of the world it has sent forth its ruddy light through trackless realms of space, and will shine so till the end, until the released spirit under a kinder dispensation of knowledge comprehends the stars themselves, and the universe shall be no longer a mystery. It was while searching the heayons through that elongated eye which the art of man has made that a discovery was accomplished which will no doubt be fraught some day with the noblest results to science. I was gazing at Jupiter—I regret to say I omitted talcing the exact time, but no doubt Mr. Russell did so—when I perceived a faint nebulous light somewhat to the east of the planet, and having exactly the appoarance of the crescent moon at the end of its first quarter. As the Government Astronomer had not mentioned this ap- pearance, I felt, convinced that the discovery was an original one, and felt for the first time that joy which. Keats mentioned as rightly belonging to the astronomer when "a new planet swims into his ken." I explained the discovery to Mr. Russell, and intend shortly to give the result of my observations on it to tho world, as it is not desirable that important discoveries of this nature should be kept secret. It is true that Mr. Russell explained the phenomenon as arising from Jupiter shining upon the interior of the barrel of the telescope, and said chat the appearance was known among astronomers as a "ghost;" but I intend io hold to my discovery. In like manner, when gazing through the spectroscope, across tho band of colours desoribod by Mr. Russell, I perceived, a dark, well-deflned, diagonal line which was not mentioned by him. I had an exultant feeling that this was another important discovery. "And what, Mr. Russell," I said, " what may that peculiar dark line be thrown across the colours ?" "0, that," said he, carelessly, "that is a bit of dirt in the spectro- scope." I smiled, well satisfied in my own mind at the nature of the discovery, and, as the moon was too bright to be seen to advantage on that night, I took my departure, highly elated with my twin discovery, and groatly pleased with, the courtesy of the Government Astronomer. 