1'rematnre Enrlal. . A Singular Caso Which Occurred in Paris Another enso, of Premature, -'burial worthy! of being analysed in the. realistic ma'hnor of Zola lias occurred in Franco An elderly woman who lived at an Old- World filnco called St, Ouen La Roiierie, recently, fell ill aou, as tier menus ttiougnt, died. Tho funeral took place, and ns tlio gravo. digger! was preparing to lower the coilln'ihto tbo earth he heard moans issuing from ih'sido the- lugubrious four boards inclosing tbe presumed corpse Then followed 'a scene wulch wan- an exact counterpart of what occurred about tweivo months ago in another rural part of liVflflPfl. Tllri n.nvn s)lm?n« ItnU f.tivliAnnrl of tho probabla ghost which bis imagination- conjured up nnd partly awed by tho require-, mcnts'enactod by tho iaw In circumstances such as thoso in which ho found himself, placed, left tlio coffin in tho Caro of. the; monrnors and went off-with his somber story. to-M. lo Moire. Thut rural dlgnitnry, having duly donned his senrf of.offlco nnd summoned tho villngo doctor, proceeded to tho local "God's acre." Tlio coffin . was opened, nnd it wns discovered tbnt Uio woman bad just died from fright, having nwnkened from a trance to find herself hemmed in between tho terrible deal plnnku. When horrlblo scones liko this are repeated It is tlino for tho authorities nnd public at inrgo to inlco . Into eonsiderntlon tlio invention of ttic ingenious undertaker who lins ndopted ns IiIb motto, "No more prematura burials." This practical person offers to supply to nil eases of doubtful death nn apparatus by means of which thoso who may havo lind tho mis- fortune to bo buried nllvo may not only Inlmlo fresh nir on their awnkening, but also communicate by Blgnnl with tlio world which has left them for dend, Dr. S, P- Necldovltch lma recently died at Lozkl, In the Novogrudsky District, Russia, in his 100 Hi yenr. His death occurred quiet suddenly, nn, nbout a' quarter of nu lionr earlier, ho wroto a prescription for ono of bis patients. Tlio Ohinoso nre entering tho English hook market ns purchasers of their own litera ture ; nnd it Is said Hint Chineso works nro constantly sent bnck to China, tho sale being sufficient to encourago this. b Thoro woro go, rao births in rarls last year, 'llioro -woro G7,0D2 deaths during tho snrao period, of which more than 10,000 were duo to pnlmonnry diseases. Ono can scarcely credit tho fact that' tlio result of a collection from a largo and well-dressed congregation nt Canterbury Cn. thedral, England, recently, wns only Us 