Speed. j Rates of J.Totion of Things Celestial j aud Terrestrial. , " Are you in a hurrv?" I am-xe a great j burry !" " Then weis till the burry goes 07 j yee." So says P¿ddy go Aiar, zs though j haste were a fever fit or & furor brer ii. And 1 he has nlcnty to help bita iu doing r.3 liiiloas j din bs hshjcJ. Che va piano va sar.o -fair j \ and easy goes far in tho day. the longest way j : round Í3 the shortest way hose, and so on. j 13ut the cid sense cf spesd is BGcces3, and that j : is clearly it3 purport in "tho more haste tha j I worse spaed." Evil speed was a common j ! English expression, meaning ill snccsss-for j ¡ success meant the issue, whether good or bsd j I -and probably explains the old cmse, " B.vi j I cess to you 1" The radical origin oí speed, j ! too, seems to be in the direction of extending, j I increasing, doing well, having room. There j ! could not well be a more striking illustration I of thes9 last phases of the word then 1S30 [ Groombridge tearing headlong through space I at the rato of 2G0 miles in a second. Quite I a seventh rate star, too, although, thc best on i record eo far. It is a speed which goes S3 I mach beyond the grasp.of imagination aa it outstrips the swiftness of burnerve messages, which only do a trifle of the twelfth cf a mile in the same time. The only way to get soma idea of No.lS30'3 gait of going is to goto work Eomewhat thus : The fastest runnisg now made by English railways is perhap3 tho Great Northern's 105 mile3 from Grantham in 118 minutes ; bus trains have been driven 100 miles an hoer. Double it and W8 cover in an hour what this particular but by no i msaos bright star doe3 in a seeond. Then wo must multiply the 200 milas an hoar velocity by sixty, and then again increass that sixty fold more beforo we coma np wish 1830 Groom- bridge. Ha goes 0S3 times as fast ss ooand, i 8G5 times faster than a poor Martini-Henry I bullet, and beean Rive the sun (ia his journey i toward Hercules) 195 miles a second and lick easily. One begins to feel sorry for sun worshippers. So far as caa be judged- which is not far-1830 is not moving in any orbit, but going right away to parts unknown. It ia a runaway, ia fact, fljicg on a boundless course through infinite space, with such a momsntum^hat the attraction of all thc steiler universe we can see with the biggest telescope bsa no effect upon it. If it ha3 alwa; 2 been geing on like that, it mu3t have come from somewhere elsa altogether, and have nothing whatever to do with the mass cf stars within ¡ our constant ken. I3 it soma Lucifer from j another and a worse world, falling, falling j from Isis high estate, never to hopo again ? j It Î3 a relief, after this, to think of some- thing slow, each as a Frasch express or the creeping of the blood corpuscles through t'ne capillaries of the retina, where they Rive those enrioa3 spie'res that st timo3 annoy good siqht ; it takes them an boar to move a foot. Snails are racehorses to tai*, doing fix good, long paces ia the samo lima. Bnreh hardta best camels of tba lied j took ten hours" io cover 111 miles. After all is said end done, lost or wen, tbs speed of Í *' the boat raes" is but thhtoea miks an hour ; a common houec fly ia it3 saunter- ing Hight goes a third faster. A drep of Tain falls at the rite ci twelve yards a reeorid, and s mEU can throw a siena r.t the rate cf about tbíríy-eíx miles an hour. Aa quick S3 thought it is a weil worn old saying ; but th&s; may mean but a jog trot old gait, too- wilnuss thc legendary Scot who waa tcid a joka in the coach at Berwick, and when ho got to Not- tingham slapped his leg in triumph end said. " I hae it nco 1" " At thc rate of a hunt" was a phrase of oar forefathers, generally used in a badssnee, though, cf thinga that wera geing wrong. Bat what can a horse do, r.f cr ¿il ? some forty mike sn hour for short aistivue .=; and such names as E:lip;e and Eijing Chil- ders wera given befors thc Scotch Limited or tho Wild Irishman wera dreamt of. Thc re- putation of tba horse has hecoma barbarian within the jubilee half century, and similar names for him can bo traced back into the ni^ht of Chinese history, whea Kin;; Mu, 2,SS3 years ajo, had a team so swift that they wera called Eaïth Quitter, Wing Flapper, Fog Banner bemuse he coaled in the dark i mist through everything, like an Atlantic liner ; shadow liner ; li^hî beater, wing 2snk:d and cload climb;?, which give tbs ide&o;? Pfig.i^us and the Enchanted Horse of tbe Thonsand and Oas. A giayhcund can go at tho rata oí about Sfîy-iieven miles s.u hour. Four carrier pitons cf Conni Karoly's flew from Pesih to Paris ja ISÍU at thc rito oí Hi miles aa hear, kept np for cavéis hours; bat shallows are computed to do 150 and ewi:i3 es much its 200\. Ariel, who rodo upon the enrkd clouds and drank the air before him, might ba men- tioned here, and that-perhaps it was no mora than a threat of patting a girdle roand abbat the earth in forty minutes-was dangerously Eear thé later discovered crime of disrespect to the equator, which takes twcnty-fonrhGurs. at 1.010 mites an hour, tc every turn. In a very high old astrological time the bragmight havo brought that "tricksyspirit" within the blasphemy lawe. Tides do not give land- lubbers, or sailors either, a very high notion of speed, bat Whewell has calculated that ia the North Pacific the tide commotion travels at thc considerable rate of 1.S00 miles an honr, while a surface tempest wave moves but fifty. Bat tba commotion cf a proper earth- quake, like that of Granada, in December ISSI, basts tba tide hollow. The shock reached Greenwich in seven minutes, being some 8,810 miles aa hour. An. American ica yacht will-kim along at eeventy miles an hoar, just besting the eagle and the packages j ia thc post office pneumatic tabss. The Con j necticut cyclone of 1SS2 did 2G0 miles an hom easy. Our present polar star is by no means as steady as its reputation, for it has*] a very rapid motion of ila own, «quai to some fifty-sixmiiea a minute. Ssand which travels but nome 1,100 feet in a second through tem- perate air, is sent along eighteen times ss fast ss that, or about foar miles a second, through whita pine timber. The fine old fashioned house ghost waa not mina of a gadabout, being of a domestic and evea mopish turn, end wc do not know what the usual speed of a brand sew spook is, but it csu scarcely exceed thai. If we only adait that the builder of a row of houses, cr of a big country house, puta accidentally or cf purpose, thc timbers of one room or dwelling end on to those of another, tho " noises" cf a haunted house would be easily explained by the superior ability shown by a ¿eal 82¿ntling for couveving «ound from a distance, and manyan innocent poor spook would bs lot oil fies. It is net quito modest to speak sboat oar FEives in all this wonderful company; but modesty, after ail, is bat P, Sïconàsry quality, »na weare indubitably efich one cf us, nolans voleas, wsltzicg round tba san ist ths rate cf eighteen mik3 a second. Thia leads again to IS3Ö Groombridge, who, BO far E3 observe ; tiona of astronomers b&ve; yet gone, yields only to c-.;;aets, II iiie.v'a, when near the san, going j thirty-seven tniies fnrrhcr iu the sicoud. Bat j the big comit of 1813 beat that considerably, I reaehieg a f-pecd of 323 .-niles a second. Pis- \ I ein-? hy solar eractiur'ä greater »peed muit bc j { sought in fur moro tc^u^u* essence?. Tha j j electric carrent in cn overheated wire tcarels ¡ 22.300 miles.in r, eeeond of lime, and still, 1 I Jika Spec J, servant io Vihintms, it is "chidden I j for being too slow." Thc electric li^Lt seems j j to OUÏ instruments just to beat that ol tbs j i san-the drum in inc old song says, doubt j it" - tushing 183,000 ^miles in a second, | sud the greatest velocity ever measured by j cradling man b that of tha electric discharge j j at a Leyden bottle through a Elender oopper j wire, which va3 compatéd ta ba SSK.OOO j miles a second. 1 5Ii?!-t makes right-If an ris substituted for the ir. 1 F.i!*e doetrin'-The " qcacVs" mose ef j treatment. 