WRONGLY SUPPOSED TO BE .. : "/r BEAD. ' . An elderly gentleman ; residing! in the Bue Sochechoufrt, Paris, who was supposed to be dead, has suddentlycome . tolife, He, has a. '. nephew is Paris, who bi-inp duly informed of bis demise repaired at once to tlie house with his wife to keep watch over the mortal remains, . of his nncie until they should be ;borae . to th'mtv last- resting place. The evening sifter their arrival at the house of mourning us the lady was tired, iter husland seat her to ihe drawing-room to take some repose on a .> isdfa ; and a servant- having plared some wineand broth on a table he threw himself into a arm-chair in the bed room and soon vresit soundly to sleepi' -Oh awaking at 4 iu the morning he found that the broth had - disappeared and that the bottle of wine was half-empty. Bccoming hlaimed he went to his wife in the drawing-room roused her, and laid her what -had' happened. She returned to the bed-room with "him, but he pair had harddy reached the door.-when - they heard a noise. .Tiiey paaseo on the threshold, and to their . consternation a voice, bade them not to be afraid but. to come in. The husband -entered the room, but soon rushed out with hiR hair standing on end. He had seen his ancle's ghost. The old man was .sitting, enveloped in a sheet, on the side of his bed. The ' supposed- corpse corps had the utmost difficulty -in get- Sting his panic-stricken relatives to understand that he was not -dead after alL ' I am alive !" he repeated, .adding that the ': preparations for his funeral iiad not escaped his notice. He had been in a lethargy, and, waking up, had helped himself to the broth, which had done him. Hearing some one approaching he had jumped into bed, as he was anxious not to' cause any alarm ; but Richard was himself again. He f<-!t perfectly recovered, and cer tainly on closer examination the uncle's ap pearance hy iyt means belied his words. .. The refreshments had come in most opportunely to restore Mm, and, as he was mueh pleased with the affecti»nate attention which his relati ves . had shown him after 'Ills' 'supposed, .departure from this world, everything Was soon made happy and comfortable all round. The doctor , of the quarter had not vet officially confirmed the demise of the worthy uncle, who seems to have taken a new lease of his life. 