THE STORY-TELLER. THE MIDNIGHT BETEL. THE wind of November whistled shrill and cold among the rocky precipices that jutted over the mountain road from Alesbury towards Northumberland, as at the decline of day two travellers on horseback were crossing with weary pace the long range of ridges towards the great elbow of the Susquehannah 9 and notwithstanding that the clouds lay heavily ou the distant mountain tops, and the shadows of approaching night gathered rapidly, they paused upon the northern extremity of the last eminence, dismounted, and appeared to be taking a survey of the country around them. To the north and south, one vast extent of forest lay outstretched, broken and diversified by hill and valley, no.w dimly seen; while in the west a peaceful river flowed away in calm and unbroken solitude through its devious course. Such was the scene tife travellers were left surveying when twilight followed the declining sun, and the dreary night came swift upon the transient gloaming. At a long three miles from this, on a dim and narrow road, was, a small public house called, in those days, the " Inn of the Forest." There was a thin settlement from this some miles off, consisting chiefly of men of the rudest cast of life, often honest and kind in their way, but, nevertheless, who brooked not the control of law, and, living far from the city and town, enjoyed their games, and were themselves the only umpires of each others' rights and wrongs. Such as these made up the company that gathered in the tavern that night; and as the winds blew louder, and the weather grew colder without so did their noise and rioting and the turbulence of their spirits increase within. Mingling with this assembly, around the bar-room fire, and the long card-table stretched out before it, were now to be seen the two strangers ; they were wrapped up in fur hunting cloaks, and while one of them took part in the boisterous laugh, and played his game at the card-table, and drank freely, the other stretched himself to sleep in the corner. The more sociable stranger soon gained the confidence of his new companions, and as he professed to be a tavern-keeper, he gained the especial favour of the landlord, a blackwhiskered, down-cast looking man, upon whose countenance the stan.p of vice was lixed, and who was the loudest and most clamorous among them ; he drank, played and boasted, and cursed with a kind of frenzied infatuation. Their rioting was kept up throughout the midnight hours, and while the wearied and inebriated guests one by one dropped asleep, and while without the storm sung in melancholy and plaintive sweetness through the seared pine trees, the stranger kept one little circle he had gathered around him by the fire in fixed and wakeful attention to harrowing tales of hell-devised murders, and fearful retributions, and walking-ghosts, and marvellous facts brought to light by supernatural agencies, and detailed a thousand instances to prove that murder, though it hath no tongue, will speak with most miraculous organs. In vain the host endeavoured to turn the subject at every period. In vain he stirred the dying embers, and invited the guest to sleep; in vain he trembled and turned pale ; the traveller seemed invincible, and at every change murder and its bloody consequences were still his theme, and still his eye was .fixed on the disquieted features of the host. It was dark and penetrating ; and his - voice grew hoarse as he bid them hearken to the screeching wind. It seemed to him, he said, to be burdened with a voice. In the words of Macbeth, " still it cried, sleep no more, to all the house." The company started and listened ; some thought they heard a voice, and others fancied they distinguished these very words. What could it mean ? was the inquiry that went round. " Hark: 1" said the stranger, *' heard you not that? listen !" " Holland! Holland ! Holland 1 A mother and six innocent children, murdered by your hand, summon you to the grave with them." " A heavy charge." he said, as he turned towards the host, who, startled at the awful import of the words, rose in wild agitation, and clenchiug his fist, halloaed as to the voice, " If I slew you it was at another's nstigation, and the money I got for it I buried in the rapids of the Susquehannah." " Yet for that crime," said the other stranger, who had till now lain silent and apparently asleep, " by virtue of a State's warrant, and in the name of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, we arrest you, Dubois Holland, to answer at the bar of your country ; " and as he said it he deliberately rose, drew a pair of double-barrelled pistols from his cloak, and laid them on the table before bim, while the other, throwing aside his loose garments, stood before the astounded man in the garb of an officer of justice, completely armed with dirk and pistols. Resistance was in vain. The murderer was seized and carried to the skirts of the adjoining wood, where he was mounted on horseback, secured, carried 30 miles, and ledged in gaol before ten o'clock the next morning. This was the plan adopted and executed by members of a weak village police in a country where the supremacy of the law had often been maintained rather by stratagem than open force, and by which was brought to justice aud .the scaffold one of the most bloodthirsty villains that ever hung upon a gallows ; a man who had murdered, according to his own confession afterwards made, a mother and her orphan family for a price paid him by a relative, who was the next heir to a small estate,— 