* LOCAL BETTING. Five to one that the Jubilee Ghost at the Mines has been spotted. Thousand to one that Mr. Bastaiudoes not lose any of his grapes this year by the larrikins. Three to one there has been another ** kick-up " between two of our townsmen. Two to one that Jack makeB up his £20 in less than a week. Ten to one on Grummet. Thousand to One wanted. Six to four that the Homeward Bounds go up to Is. in less than v three months. Three to one that Mr. H. Lamshed will make an excellent chairman of the Y. P. District Council. Twenty to one that a large number of worshippers will not be able to gain admission at All Saints' Church Harvest J^atival. 1 Thousand to one that Captain Hancock stands a poor show of getting extra hands at the Mines, unless he gives further inducement. Evens that the Wallaroo Cricket Club will not be at the bottom of the list at the end of the season. Five to one that Fiveash cannot be ]>eaten as special constable. See the absence of larrikins of a Sunday evening in th9 Square. Thousand to one that M. M. and A. G. are not bosom friends. Fifty to one that the 150 "persons in. Moonta who were hoaxed last week by' the paper bag hawker did not gqVjback from the Royal Hotel through the ^oaain streets. Any money that another chap does not get at Dick. Ten to one that in future our new cabby will lock his cab up before he proceeds to the Mines with another load of larrikins, and not get down to open the door of an empty oab. A monkey to a tiazie against the chanoeB of the self-appointed Inspector of Schools. Three to one that a nest of informers have been discovered In the centre of the Peninsula. Four to one that it is time the police and other authorities took steps to avoid unnecessary trouble and expense imposed by recalcitrant citizens. Evens that the Minlation District Council will not be the last of the Peninsula Councils to organise and commence business. Three to one that Minlation can prove that the genuine breed of Kilkenny cats is not extincrt. 