DEAD MANS ROCK. THE FINDING OF THE GREAT RUBY. , ' ; A' RoHANok by 'Q,' ' BOOK ir. CHAPTER VI II. (ConnNDED.) ,,,, tells HOW.. THE OUIWAW fell WON . francesc. : a> tbaqbdy.' . I do not know who composed (bo overture. Itishanated .by one oiqaieito'oir, repoated, lading into variations,, tben risinj; once more only. to aiuk into tho tender sorrow of a minor key. I have board it bat twice in my life, UUb fclttJ UlUttlQ UI 16 10 W16U ISO IU tW0 lit J. . Then, as I beard it, it oarried me baok to the hour wben Tom and Feat expeotant ia this same theatre,? no trembling for bis play's -aacoss, I. tar the eight of my love. Poor I'om I X'be. eadi melody .Wailed upwards as though it were (he voice of the wind ploying, -bout his grave, every, note, brostfiing pathiie or suspiring in tremulous anguish. Poor T im I Yet your lovo was happier than mine ; better to die with Claire's kiss warm apun the lips than to live with bat tho memory of it. The throbbing music bad ended, and tbe play hegau. As before, the audience ware .without enthusiasm at lirBt, but to-night they knew they. bad but to wait, and they did so patiently jro-tfiacwhen at last Claire's voice died softly away attht) close of her oponiug -ong; tbe bushed bouse was suddooly shaken to. its roof with the Biorm and tumult of applaoso. There she stood, serene and glowing, ss one that had never known pain My very eyes doubted. On her face was no sign of suffer irig, no trace of a tsar. ' Was she, tbeo atterly without heart? In' my memory 1 retraced tho scene of thai afternoon, and all my reason acquitted iher. iYec »a she Brand there in herglor out epipham, illumined with the blazing lights, uud radiant ih the joy ana freshness of yoath, I could, have . doubted whether, u'ter .all, ClarisBa Lambert and Oiaire Luttrell were one and the same. Thnra tvfu nim thiiicr whioh X did not: fntl. however, t» note «e aftaoRe. » tiho did nos oac« glnnae in the direction of my box, but kept her eyes ectadily averted And it then iiiddeoly dawned upon me that sbo must be pluyiinr with a purpose ; but what that par- po«e was I could not guena - Whatever it wai, eho was acting mnsnifi cently und had for the present oompletfiy surrendered herself to bor-urt. Grand at that art bud been on the firit night of 1 Franceaca ' the power of tbat performance wh aiterly eelipBed to-night.. Onco between .the aots I heard two voices in the. piieage oatBide my b«»x— . ' What do yon tbiak of- It?' eald the firnt.. ' What can 1 Y- anawored tho other - 1 And how can Itellyon? - It !ia altogether above wordB.' - . . Hi was right, It was not so much aimira- tioa as uwa and worship that held the house that night. I bave beard a mau Bay since that he wonders how tbu play could ever bav raised adythtng beyond a laugh He ehoatd have heard the eohn that evory now and then woald break uncontrollably forth, even whilst Claire wan bpnaking. He should have felt the hueh that followed every scene before tho andionce could recollect itself and puy its thunderous tribute. all the while my eye« wore following my lost lovo, Her purpose— find somehow in my heurt I grew tuoto and. more convinced that some purpose lav behoath this transcendent diep'ay— waa waiting for its accom pitch ment," and in the ringing triumph of her voice I felt i coming horror— nearer— until at last it came, t The tragedy was nearly over., France-oa had. diemissed: her oin lover and his new bride from their ouptivny- and was now left alone upon the stage.: The last expectant finish had fallen up-ui the house. Then eho a epped elowly forward. in thederd Bilence, and us she spoke tho opening liuea, for the .first time nut eyes met, (lore then, Ml end 11 lovo, all bnto, all vows, vdn rH»roai>Of. Aye,'ti bn5tr so, b« i)M (urgivu tin) 1 larct t vho ti'su ha uhnlr ed blmo » Ufo-l-Hig ouree. Who » so boil aiurbt lb rUo obs, gi' nahi vuia While Ido remained that modi- lO'ulvroasBdoar, tTr bolter to role»to blm— 'ovi- ir mor Vow lovo d» l e tie lovii tod he b »««, . Tn.nuh a d it by «» bl jsy, Ultabtlng hit love for bom 10110 MlVtU.' No.no. AnOnd fc It cuuM not bo. . . Yet, ob, my lovo,- bo h fpny lo the'd«ys ' » m»y oot -here, wltb nrrwhooprtsoiibUps "Bjrjthnnttnt 01 m»'o>v ¥'» t\ I.WQld noi have tbe think e»vanow and tben el" drHm iba In tnv all dr-<m jo her wboro lovo was aunehlMe far eo hour,' » hvn dl"d or e«r It bt-om- uou'd b)a ft thy llfo. . ft<i bppv and fcr< ok whwt mibt iiavu bnoo, . Fj'yol my dt-ar «imbroe- iu her arms Sly iluB lo hers, my obt'dreo Id bar boob, While I- - . Dear lev, ll Is no hard to dlo Vow onco the path 1- p'elo. Kce, I acoopt Aud nep s gla dy 10 ihe eacrlflco isany maid uuou her bride, m rn— . j OnedDle n rolce— one tiny tooob of ptln nd lam quit qfpald for AVermorc. ft naedfl nn bnvery. Wen ibou here to b«e, I w-mld uot bkve ibee wo:p» but luok— one atroke, And tbUft— - . What was that shriek ' far back there In tho houee t What was (hat at sight of which the qdienoe rose white and aghast from their seatB? What was it that made Sebastian as be entered rush saddeols forward and fall with awful cry before F"»nceao'B body I What was that trickling down the folds of her white dress ? Blood F? . . Yes, blood ! In an instant I put my hand upon tbe coahion of »he box, . vaulted .down ro the etage and , wae koeulii'g beside my lying love. . But ab the clamorous bell rang down the cartala. I heard abpve its noise a light and silvery laugh, and looking up saw iu the box noxt to' mius the ooat-black devilish eyes of the yellow woman. Than thAflnrtaln fall. CHAP rER IX TELLS HOW- TWO VOIOKS LED MB TO TOARD A HOUOONEB; AND. WHAT BEFELL Til RUE. Sne died without a poach Only, as I knett beside her and struvo to itaanch that cruel stream o( blood, hor beautiful eyes sought miue ia uttst love, and, a« the b-t atony sho-k her fruoie, Buova to rend the Glmy vail of death and Boeak to me atilt. Theo with one long contented sigh, cay lov« waB dead. It W.is ecaroely a minute before all was ovor.: I pressed one last kiss upon he yet wsrin lips, tonrlerly drew her white mantle acro-s the pallid faoe, and ataggered from the theatre. I bad not raved or protested aa I had done that sums afternoon. Fats had no power to make cue feol now ; the point oi anguish woe p»a«ed, and in "a place succeoied a unrab stupidity more terrible by l«r, though far more ble.sed. Mr love was deed Then I wee dead for any aensibillt? to .utfeilng thot Iposaened. Hatisss and oloaklees, I stepped out Into the fn-ezmg night air, ana roirnrumss UI uia enrious looks of ihe passing thr. ng I tnrnerl and walked rapHly westward np the BtranH. There was a large and eagsr crowd notside tho OdiBsnm, for already tho newa was spreading : but something in ray faoe rn.de them aive room, and I paesod through them as a man in a (rauce. # Tho white 01b of tho moou was high in Heaven : (he frozen, pavemont Bounded hollow under foot t the long stro-t Btnod out, for allltB y.llow gaslight, white nnd distinct against the doer air ; hot I markort nothing "f this. I w.nt wo.tw.rd b-nttu.o . _ _ _ l a 1mm MA.tnfasH a n H ffflffl A IDS 100 luv n"IUU IUJ Wtp-ewnt", » v" . . j took my burryt'-g fasti thithor I had no purpose, n« sensation. For ought 1 kn , that night London might have been oclly o tbe dead. . Suddenly I halted henea'b ""de'.d— heeaii dimly 'o think. M»d my ,honghta that was the one tact that lt upon my at first, and sn I -trnvs to there brain, hot oonld not. Bat a . . another feebly struggling wPh tbe ' ." r |j»e f Of took Its piece. Why shout j. once— onnree not; he»fer end it atart n" and possessed with (his td«» I ,wl . onoo mnro. B.'"ddgrc'je, ns I' walked,' h pfaft-' dliBAf') r. ifslf hsfore 'me. Fwotild ith nhthd/tt'ttiy' greri'lf .Vhcr's key, together with th'a tm Hpx t confaining my fsttier'B johrhol, and thenmpko ; for the river. Tost Would be aneaey desbj- aud i conM eink for ever,', Mfore t peris npdyl'- all trace of the 'blaok eeoMt Which had pidr- anod my life. ' I and the fcyetery would eodr together— so boat Theo, wicfaoat onr ' almost with ghastly merriment; I thdrmT' i hut ibis was the aamo rivef which had tanir- ' mnredso sweetly to my love, Well; no doubt . Its voice would be jnst ss innsical, -ovpryny , grays Tho same river— bnt nearer the Ut, now — nearer tbe infinite sea.- As I reflected, the idea took yet ef rongfeg phsseiision of me. Yes, itwpa in eU'respscto tho bust Tha curse should end now. '.Even' ss the Heart of the Baby ie Blood and'if Eyes a FLimrog Fire, so>b'all ft befor'them that woald posses it. Fire shall be their port'ioil and Blood their 'inheritance gi«f" ovor ' For ever? No; therive shonW- wash the blood awny and qnenchi' the Bte Then arose another text and' hammered af the-, door of my' reraembranoe. ' Many ' watere d cannot qnsnch love, neither 'Can theflqd»»' drown . tt,' 'Many waters — ntany -nrsti.' The words whispered appoalingiy, 'invititf' in my ears ' ' Many waters.' My feet b'etf sa- 1 tniie to the words.- v' ' ' r I reached my lodginge, ran npataln, fook-' ont thu key and the tin box, and deeceade&' ' again ib'to the hall. My laadlord mew .lipplng'down the latch> He. htarod at aeeinc:, me. ' ' ' Do -nob Intcb the door 'Jnst yet. I' win- going ant again,' I said simply'.' " 1 ' Going out' 1 I thought, air; le was yon-ntf, just' now come in.' ; ' Yes : bnt I must go octagon. Itiai;im» ' portent. . ' ; " "J! He evidently thought me inad ;;and ,tio:' indeed I was. 'What, air, in that dreas V You've got ao>; , hat; no ' ' I bad forgotten. 'True,' I said ; ' get meTa1 hat and coat.' ' He et.red aod then ran upstairs for them;. Returning, he said .. .. ' 1 have got yon thaao, sir; bnt' I can t- find thorn us yon nenally wears.' ' rhoaa will do,' I answered. ' I mast havo " lof tbe others at the thoatre.' This reduced him to ntter speechlessnens. " Mucnly ho helped me to don the cl.iak over" my thin eveuing dress. I' slipped the tin' box and tbe fcey into the pockets. ' AsTetrpped-. oat ones more Into the night my landlord , brand his speech : ' Wh-n will yon bo baok,' air?' The question startled' me for n moment ; ' for a eecotid or uro I iieeitated. . ' I asked because yon have nolatoh-key.m I -nppoao yon left it inyunr 'other coat. B6 ' that ' ' ' It does not mn'tor,' I answered. 'Do not' , sit up. I shell not be baok before morning,' and with that I' left bim still standing at the' door, and liB entng to my footstajMi ao they , harried down the street. ; _ ' BiforS morning 1' Before morning 3 should be' in another world, if thera' wore ' another world, And '. then tb 1 etrnokme that Claire and I might meet, ShO' hu l taken her'own lifo'and so should I. Bnt oo, no— Heaven would forgive her that ; It con'd notoondomn my saint to the plb whers ' i snoum HO. I« WU.U UW, u. ou .uyu cruel ; and then I laughed a 'load and bitter langb, , S ill ' in my dhil stapor I found myself Hearing the river. I have not mentioned'' it bofora. bnt I mast explain now, that durtrfg ' tho summer I had purchased a boat, in whicji ' my Olaue and 1 were used to row idfy betwean Streatloy and Fangbonrne, or whitborsovor love guided our oars," .Tlig ' boat, with the approaoh of winter, I tiad caused to be brought down' the river nnd ha«t hnnsid In n waterman's shod Jn»t above' Westminster, nntil the return of spring should bring baok once moro the happy days' of its employment In my huart I blessed the ohance tbat bad 1 storort it ready to my hand. . J StmnbllriK through diirk and tortuous streets whore the moon's frosty brilliance '' was almost completely hlddou, I came at Inst i to the waterman's doer and knocked.' Ho was in bod, and for some time my sum- rnons was in vein. At last I heard u sound'' inths room above, the window was let down ' and a sulky voice said, 1 Who's there? - e . i ' Is that yon, Bagnell ?' I answered.'! Comedown. It is I, Mr. Tronowethf; and I want you.' " There was a low enraing, a long panss broken by' a muttered dirpnte npstaire, and ' then the street aoor opeaea, nou o»nu»u appeared wiih a lantern " ' Bagnell, I want my boat.' _ _ 'T ..higlit, sir ? And ut this ' Yce, to-night. I want, it particularly. ' But it i» put away behind a duzen others, . and can't be got.' Never mind. I will help if you want 4BBlatancfl| but I raui»t havff it/ , ' B gniU IrtokoJ at me tor minute, anal could aee that he was careiug nuder hla breath ' . i 1 1 Itaerloue, eir? You're not — < ' I am uofc drank if that in whet you mean -» hut potfectly surious uud I mast have my ;i buAt ' , 'tJ 1 Won't another do aa well I ' No, it will not.' I felt in my pockets aod fnun'i t«vo envereinnB and a few ahtilinpp. 1 'Look here/ 1 eaidi>4I will «ive you' «Wo uufi'irfB if y«m liot this boat out tor me.' This conquered hie relucance. He etaredv- for a moment m i m» iitiond the amou'il 1 ttnd then baetdy dveidtou tbat I wae evk mud, but ibal it wan none of hia bosineBBp nut on hia hat ond led the way to hi- boat ' 'amhlinR in the anoertain- I i«h t - ove« ' i.tmhAio: iiniifR. -and -old oatb. roachod the fthed at length, and- tog her- manHRftd, after much delay, to get out tho < tight boat and let bar down to the water. -J uave hitn the two loverigne as --wvll oh tbe i few hilhtigi ihat -remained in my pocket, and ai I descended, refloated grimly tbgt, < after all, they were better io hie pt'BBfB gion ; the mau who ehoutd find my body would h -vo ao much the lee epoil. We had Hcarc' ly spoken whl'Bt'we were getting the boat out, and what wordB we used wue ottered i that whlnper wuiah night alwaus . Huforoee; but ae I clambered down, for te tide was now far out, and Bagnall paeyed down tho eculU, he aeked ft \ When will you be back, eir T Tbe namo question I i gave ittbeeatne anewar: . ' . : . , ' ; Not before morning/ 1 earn, ana with a 'ew stroke w>b out upon the ilde and pulliiuy ; down the river. : ' , " , ' ' I saw him standing there above fn the- tnoondght, wtlll wonderiogi uutil be faded p. the iim haze behiud My boat wae a light. rbamo dingay, to that, althosgh I felt ito tide runt'iog up against me, it nevrrtbeleBa-u made fair progveee. What decided me to- pull ogaiUftt the tide rather thao float quietly upwHtda I do not kuow to th«e. day. po- d«f»deoed and vague wae all my thought. . hat it probebiy never occurred to me to corrrct the direction in which the Qratfew -. ulsabae had FnlriaVl tTIA. X fffil COOBCtOUB Oi' nothing but a row of liable alidiug pat mo , on either hand of here aud there a tower ob< . tell building that stood up lor an inftiqftt urainet cheeky and tben warn b!mw|». out pt- . Ight $ of the creaking of my Bculla In the ougreaaed rowlocke, and, above all, the whi shimmer of tho raoou following my boat ai it xwung downwurde X remember now that, in a childish w»y,X , tried to tiecape this permtent brlluance fhafr HtiU cluog to my boat's lde with eyeiy stroko , I took ; ibat nomehow a dull triampn pot- .' Me-eed mo when for a moment I eli<p8fl beneath tho nbadow of a liebiud a black and silent hull. All Jnia i X, , en recall now, and wonder at the trivial nature of the thought. Tb«u I osnght the . so-ntof white rose, nnd woi| how itcome there. , There had been iheaatfa,.. .coo' In Ibe drnwipgriKim that ofwrnooij, 3. ramembeiod. when Oluire had eaWgood-byj., ln< near How bsd it followed me I Al'e this, I »»t myself aiinle-ely to c unt lh> liohts that paasad, lost count, nud beirajv again. And all the time tbe whUe glimmer ( hong at mv aide. __ . . I wa« till wrepnea op w , alihonsb tho cspe was fln-ra back jo give 'my arms free play. Rowing so. I ran.' qii'kW have oeen worm ; bnt I felt it no more thaipf n the T-ld'a. I walked homs .rom th»..; r hHtttfR Wy boat was nreeplug . along th+.t Middlesex etiore, by the Old Tern f.l®h 4 h,okrar beWhUI weS". I cannot cfearly, ; and bovo a vision of thewmie iotoshsih the heavens Bnt my next lmpreesloo ofaijy lo'me.s is that of -owing under theshadow , if a black tbroe roaated sebonner tbat lay , close utid> r ehore. tilted ovor on her poft side in cho low water. As my dingey fl etnil.; . ont again from beueath tbe over h anginK .. hell 1 looked npand sow the words ' Wat«if Witch' painted in white upon hor pitob datk ' bBy' this time I was amoug ti)0. tiers; ot '. shipping. Hooked baok over, my uvratder," and saw there ooontless masts looming Optus far at o»o oonld aee In the dim light, ,nA their lamps flickering and wavering open to®- Wller, I rowed about a i core ot atrokea, and 'ttaurtopped. Why go farther ? This pises "WrttfM. MrT# M mll'M. any other. . Noon wkfbkely.to bsw my splash aa I wont ovsr- bMttyazevooit bfam.it would not be in- «rptate<V. lareastill neat eooo«h to the UidqlfeexoaartO! b out of tbe bioad mcoa- litU. that fltUP .the tniddla oi lbs rirer. 1 loiSEthf tio baz oat of, my .cloak and (rowed if fit a nipmenl io' the a tern,. I would sine it aHLjtbe' kjBr- before I flung rajBelf in So. VtApg the bar, oot;ol (ha othr pocket, I cogjfc'.oH ihe/eJoak,th»n raj dree- coat aud waqifoat, , end, . folded /' tbem care- fnlfaaDd pieced tbe m bathe etern teat, raff done,' I elipppd. tbe kef into ooe pocket otmyttropia<s, tat; watch and chain into tbe oQ& ,1. would do.elt quietly and in order, . I nflpwd.' X wai silently kicking off my iboee, wfen.a. thought; attack me. In my laat tmgelMvit. wee poeaible that the denim of li$!, would roiuier me, and elmoat oncon- dumily ,1 might take to swimming. In tbe ofddaye et Lizard Town swimming had been aj.hatoral to me as, walking, and I bad no don Vk that e» eo.jp ae in tbe water I ebonld t®o. to strike- oat. Cnald 1 , count upon dyh»rfl»jcatioo eooarb to withhold my a ma aafl je$ njywlf eto -ly drown !, .Here,fra»' a. difficulty. : but' I resolved to stake, evsothtag sure. I took my haodker- cniefiotof tbe coat pocket, and bent down ttt-tW «' firmly togotber. All tbie I "%fluito calmly and mechanically. Asfar Ptljoge ceo:be certain of enytbtrg attbisdia- tcq.Qf time,'.! 'em certain of tbie, tbat no thought of hesitation came into' my head. It woojiiot that I. overcame any double; tbey never occurred id me. , X| 'n stooping.' down, and bad already bound the handkerchief once, around my engee,: w£n_my, boat grated softly against something. T looked up, and saw once more ebqveme a dpik ship's bnll.snd right above my. bead the white letterr, Water Witch. . .Xhie,wooId peverdo. My boat had drifted np the river again with tho tide, etero fore- most,huta little aalant, and had run against the' warp by the schooner's bows. I moBt pal; out again, for otherwise thepsopls on board would bear me. I puebed gently til from, tbe warp and took tbe eculle, when suddenly I beard voices back towards tbe stern. My first Impulse was to get away with all speed, and I bad already taken half a strobe, whet something caused my hands to drop and my heart togive one wild leap. What .was it I Something in the voices ! Yjee .something tbat brnsbed my stupor ftntn me as though it ware a cobweb ; some thing tbat made me huab ray breath, and train with, all my eats to listen. Toe two voices -were those of man and woman.? They ware slightly raised, as if in a qug'»l i j.tpe woman's pl-ading and entreat ing, the man's threatening and etern. But tbat way not tho reason tbat Bnddonly sat my heart nooontrollaoly beating and all tbe blood rushing and surging to my temples, por in' tbo-e two. voices I recognised Mrs. Luitrell and Simon Colliver 1 l' Have you not done enough.!' tbe woman's voice was , saying, ' Has your cruelty no end, that, yon must pnraue me eo ! Take toie money , and let me go. ' .' Iimnst.bave more, I woe the answer. .. Indeed, I have no more jastnow. Go, only, go, and I will send yon some. I swear ,' I cannot go,' said tbo men. ' Why ! f Never mind, tlam watched.' Here the voice mattered sptno words which I ouuid not catch,.1 ' So tbat unless you wish to eee y-ur hjisband ewioR— and believe me, my confea- mot), and last dyiog, speech would no' omit to mention the kind.std 1 bad received from you end Clar— — ' , ('JHaihl oh, bosh I If I get yon ibis »pLoy will you leave ue in peace for a time ? Ivpuwing your na'.uie, I, will not ask for pity; only for a abort reapiio. I muat tell Claire, poor, girl ; she does. nut know yel— — ' Quito softly my b- at lmd drifted once moro ACtose the schooner's buws. I pulled it round until itu noee touched tbe anchor- chain,. and made the painter fast. Then elippiug.my baud up tbo chain, I stood with my. shoeless feet upon tbo gunwale by tho bows. Still, grasping the chain, I eprang and swung my veil out to thojibbuom that, with tbo cant of the vessel, wae not f»r abovo tbe., water ; then pressed my foot between the stoy.aud the braco, while 1 bung for u moment to listen. ,Tbey bad not beard, for I cpuld still catch the murmur of their voices. Tho creak of the jibboom,' and tbe swish of roy own host beneath, had frightened me at first. It eae.med impossible that it should not disturb thorn. But after a moment my courage returned, and I pulled myself up on to the bowepirt, and lying almost ut full length along - it, for fear of being spied, crawled elowiy along, and dropped noiaelceBly on to rue dock. ;Tboy were standing tognther by the mizen- mast, he with his back turned fail towards me; ebe less entirely averted, so thatl coald eee.a part of her face in tbe raoonlgbt, and (hbailvery gleam of her Rrey hair Yes, it was tbey,' Barely enough ; and they had not -Been me. . My revenge, long waited for, was in my.grasp at last. Suddonly, us I etond tiiero watching them, I remembered my knife— the blade which had slain my futher. I had left it below— fool that I was 1— in the tin bnz. Could I creep back again, and return withnnt attract ing their attention ? Should I hazard the attempt for the sake of planting that piece of jrteel in Simon Colliver'- tiluok heart! It wna a foolish thought, but my whole SOnl wae set upon murder now, and the chance of eUying him with the very knife left in my father's wound eeemed too dear to tie lightly given up. Mast likely he wae armed now, whilst '1 had no weapon but the raked hand. Yet I did not think of this. It rever even occurred to mo tbut ho would defend himself. Si ill, the thought of that Knife wob aweet to me ae I crouched there beneath the shadow of tbe. bulwarks. Should I go, or not! I paused for a moment, unde cided ; th-n rose slowly erect. Ae I did so Mrs, Luttrell tnrnod for an instant and saw me, Ae I , stood there, bareheaded, with tho .moonlight shining full upon my white shirt sleeves, I. muat i have eeemed a very ghost ; for, 'a look of abject terror.ewept ucroia her fobs ; her .voice broke off, and both her hands were fluug up for moroy— ' Oh, God 1 Look I look !' Aa-'I-raahed forward .he turned, and then; with tbe spring of a wild cat. wae upon me. 3Stoea ss hh lespt, my. foot 'lipped npon tbe greasy desk-; I . -staggered backward one step — -(two steps— and then fell with a crash down tbb tanguarded forecastle ladder. Ill (y«e-» «,! I II. t- - T chap i-ER x; ttoxa -in -'what iiabneb i. lzaupi IDE SKCBK O „- l ' OP THE ODEAT KKX. Aa my eens'-a came graoaady back I could distinguish a narrow, dingy osbin, dimly lit by. one' flickering oil-lamp wbloh swung from a rafti-r'nhove. Its fnintray just revsnted tho (aifiilthre of the room, which consisted of a wAaman'a nhost standing In tho middle, and two'gannt stools. On one of these I was eoared. propped agalnat the cabin wall, or rattier partition, und us I attempted to move I'lf-'arnt'tbat I was bound h-nd and foot. On. tliei. other stool oi'P 'Slt-e'mo and i-oaido the oheet, sat Simon Codiver, silently eyring me' ' The lamplight as it flared arm wavered oast grotesque and dunotng shadows of the mda , npon the ' Wall behind, m-de of his matfed. hair bl-ck eaves under which his eyes gle(thed' lied as fire, aud glinted laBtty noon \- something bright lying on the oheet bef .re him.'1' ' For, A minute or ao after my eyes first opijneii no w.ird was said. Still dizzy with my iali.' I stared f or a moment at ibe mau, then -t the ohes and s«w chat the bright iff'ces gleaming there were my grand- tntucr a BUU lU/r w uiuu uiphiuj hv isiu VIIU of 'wUloh' hang tbe Golden- Clasp. Bat now the Clisep was fitted to its fellow and the yvifole hackle lay nhlted npon the boatd. Though the bonds -around mv arms, wrists,,, and ankles .'caused me intnlerahla l?afn','"yet' my fit'B' feeling' was rather of >Et>ject , humiliation. To bo Caught thus -easily, to be lying here like any rat in a gin, this was the agonising thought. Nor wag this all. There oa tho chest lay the Cramed Clasp nutted at' last — tbe work com- pjexed 'whlch was begun with that unholy TtfasS'Cre on board the Belle Fortune. I played straight Into Collirer's hand. He wee in no hurry, but eat and watched me" there with those intolerably evil eyes, Hie-left band was thruac carelessly Into his pocket, and as he tilted back npon the stool ond'safveyed me, his right was'playfng with the clasp upon tbe chest. As I painfully Cujfned' my head, a drop' of blood oame triqkjfni; down jnto my eyes from a cut iu my, forehead ; I saw, however, teat tbe door wdh bolted. - Adempty bot'lo and a plate of orojten vlctnals lay carelessly Thrust In' a coiper, end a vllloinoas smell from the asmp, uuea rue wuoia ruvui n„u nnuu/v -ohokfd me; batthe'unly sourid In the stillness ot the place was the monotonous tfok-tlok of my.watcb as itlay upon fbe'ohsBt _ How long I ' had lain there I - could not guess, bat I ootlced that the. floor ulanted mnch fees . than when I1 first soramoled on deck, sb gue'ssBd that toe tide' must have tlsSh 'considerably. Then having t-zhansted enyvyrbnder. I lookid, again at Colliyer, and' began to epecd>ate how be would kill ' me, 1 and how. long bo woold take about iL :- I fognd his wolfish syra (till reeardlog me, and for a minute or iwoweetudied esch othrr In silsnca. Teen.' without 'removing bia gaze, be tilted bis stool forward, slowly drew a ebott,' -heavy koife from bit Waltt- band, slipped it ont of.-, its sheath— still without taking bis left rhood from' bis pOckSl — laid it on Ihs.tsbls snd.lesDt back again. , t ' I suppose.' he said at last, and very deli berately, as if oheniug his words, 'yon know tbat if you attempt to cry ont or summon help you are a dead man tbat instant, i ' Well, well, be con- inoed, after waiting for a moment for my reply, ' aa loDg ss. yon bnderstaud ihst, it does not matter. . Icon- fese I sboold h-ve pieftrred to talk with yau and nut merely to you- Uo wever, before 1 kill yon — end i suppose yoo cuess tbst I am going to kill you as soon as I've done with you— I with to have just a word, Master Je-per Treoowetb.' From the tuce in which bo said the words he might havo been congratulating me on some great good fortune. He panted awhile as if to allow the foil force of them to «ink in, and then' took up tbe Golden Ola-p. Holding the pieces together with the fore- Gnger and thumb of bis right hand, he advanced and thrust it right under my light— ' Do yon see tbat ! Can you read it T Aa I was still mute, be walked back to the chest and laid the Claap down agaio. ' Aha 1' be exclaimed with a short laugh horrible. to bear, 'yon won't speak Bat there have been, times, Mr. Jasper Treno- wetb, when yon would have given your soul to lay hands' opon tbis pleoe of gold and tead what is-written upon it. It ie a pity your hands are tied— a tboasand pities. But I do not with to be bard on you, eo I don't mind reading out what is written here, Tbe ssciet will be aafe with you, don't you Bee ! Quite — >ofe — with— you.' Ho rolled out these last words, one by one. with infinite relish ; end tbe mockery in the d'pths of those eyes seared me far more than my bonds. After watching the effeot of bie taunt he resumed his seat upon the atool, pulled tbe Clasp towards him, and said — ' People might call me rash for entreating these confidences to yoo. But I do not mind admitting that I owe you aome repa ration— snme anterior reparation. So, as I don't wish von to die caning me, I will be generonB Listen 1' Ho held the bnckle down npon the table and read oat the inscription ae follows : — stabt. at pulp .hook , bed .south. POIWT. 27 . FEET ., HNW .22 , FEET, w. . of , bino . iron-ru .bids. 4. fbet . 0 , ik oses . deep , at . point. op . mecttno . low . watbb . 1j . iiotlbs. He read it tbrongh twice, very elowly, and each time aa he ceased looked ap to see how 1 took it. ' It does not seem to make muoh sense, does It Y he asked. ' Bat wait a minute and let me parael it oat into sentences. I- should not like you to miss any of its meaning. Listen again.' , . , uo uivioeo ine writing np inns ' Start at fall moon. End South Point 27 feet N.N. W. 22 feet VV. of Ring. - North Side. 4 feet 6 inches deep at point of meeting, Low water 14 hours.' 'Yon still seem pnzzled; Mr, Trenoweth. Very well, I will even go on to explain farther. The person who engraved this Clasp meant to tell as tbat something— lot na say treasure, far sake of argument— coald b« fonnd by anyone who drew two lines from some place unknown ; one 27ft. in length in direction N.N. W. from the South Point ol that place ; the other 22ft. due West of u certain Ring on the North side of tbat same place S.i far I treat 1 make my meaning nlosr, That which we have agreed to c»U tho trea-oro lios buried at a depth of 4ft. Gia. on the spto where these two lines intersect. But he person (you or I, - for tho sake of argu ment) who seeks this tresBare must start at fall moon. Why ! Obviously because tho Spring tides occur with a full moon, conto- quently the low otah, We mutt expect, then, to find our treasure buried in a spot which is only uncovered at dead low water ; and to this conclusion I am also holped by tbo last sentence which says, ' Low water at 1 hours," It is then, I submit, Mr. Treno weth. in eome inch piece that wa mast look for our treasure ; the only question being, " Where is tho place !' ' I was wailing for this, and a great tido of joy swept over me as I reflected that after all he had not solved the myetery. The Olasp told nothing, tho key told nothing. Tho secret was safe no yet (TO ss cobtikoiui. 