DEPRESSION. BY PRINCIPAL RAINY, OF EDINBURGH. " My soul clea.veth unto the dust : quicken Thou me according to Thy word."-Ps, o_u;., 25. In the first part of this psalm you find the psalmist choosing the better part, casting in his lot with God, expressing his approbation and choice of the Lord's word and the Lord's ways. He finds in God's word God's true character, the way in which he may come to God with accept- ance, and the way in which he is to walk with God. Hence the great need of being a diligent student of God's word. He is getting some understanding of it, and he perceives and feels that he has a great deal to learn. His experience is that of a man in a lively exercise of mind about the truth and the ways of God ; but you find him here saying : " My soul cleaveth unto the dust : quicken Thou me according to Thy word." I. It is NOT A STRANGE EXPERIENCE, for believers to be in this depressed condition, the soul cleaving to the dust. It is the expression of a man unable to erect himself into the posture in which, with vigor and the feeling of competent power, he may set himself to deal with the duties and privileges which he knows to be his ; of a man who feels he is weary, exhausted, that there is a failure of power, whether through overdone exertion or from some other cause; of a man who feels the dryness of the weary way alone which he is travelling-who feels as if ho could not pursue it farther, it is duty and dry, and he is at the end of his strength ; or of a man who cannot perceive the comforting presence of the refreshing influence that at other times he has felt, and which he would fain feel still. Believers find themselves in this condition. There is a great want of vigor, comfort, readiness to make pro- gress, a sad cleaving of the soul to that from which, as they believed, they had found deliver- ance, and a want of the soul's cleaving to those things above in which they believed they had found a permanent interest, and between which and them they believed there had been formed an enduring tie. Sometimes there may be PHYSICAL CAUSES connected with a man's state of health, and sometimes other providences of God are concerned in producing this state of things ; but it is a stage in man's spiritual history. There are many causes which have to do with it. Generally it is connected with indwelling sin. A man cleaving to things that are less good, so as to deny the right place to Him who is the soul's most good, may find himself in captivity to things that are below and cut off for the time from the things that are above, his soul cleaving to the dust. More particularly it arises in connection with the failure of faith on the part of believers. The believer sets forth to walk in a course which he knows is to be a course of faith, saying : " I have found One in whom I am to trust. I am to trust His word against all appearances ; " and to him it appears at the beginning that ho can trust God in any case. But difficulties como in his way, trials of various kinds which he did not expect are laid on him ; and in consequonce there is a discovery of the weakness of his faith, a feeling as if God were not altogether dealing with him as he had reason to expect, as ho was entitled to expect-at all events a3 he expected, and as he thought he ought to expect- and in connection with this spirit of doubt thero comes a certain separation from God, a diatance between God and him. He is thrown for the present on his own resources, on his own wisdom and strength, and when ho comes to seek his true refuge and strength be is bewildered and lost, his soul cleaving to the dust. Sometimes it arises in connection with a failure on tho part of the believer to realise duly ? his interest in God, and at other times in conncc- tion with a great variety of other trials and temp- talions; and for the present his strength is bidden , from him, his interest in God is not realised; he feels the power and prevalence of the things that are below rather than thoBe that be above, and he . feels his soul CLEAVING TO THE DUST. Looking at it from the side of God'a Providence it is permitted by God just as a step in the be- liever's history, became it is necessary that the believer s historv should include an enlarged acquaintauco with himself, with bia own insuf- ficiency, with his own tendency to unbelief and darkness and Bin. God calls us to a fellowship with Him in salvation, and therefore to a walk with Him, in which there docs come out to us, stop by stop along tho way, not merely God's great grace, His unspeakable wis- dom, His all-sufficient power, His patience and faithfulness and tho suitability of His promises, but also in which there must become apparent to us our own short-sightedness and foolishness, our own weakness and tendencies to evil, our readiness to got into darkness, to rebel after receiving many mercies and oft-repeated forgiveness, to be unstable, un rust worthy, to walk unworthily with God. F1rom that God is saving us, if he is saving us; and in order that we may be prepared for entering on that state which awaits God's children we are so saved that wo aro led to deal with these things in ourselves now. It ii frequently a part of the believer's experience to be made to see in connection with very painful experiences how much there is in him that, were, it left to himself, would end in his complete ruin, and, therefore, God has not promised to secure His people against all working of tho power of evil within them ; but that He proves and tries them in their walk with Him, and discovers to them how unable they are of themselves to make progress, and how much they need infinite mercy and divine grace. II. It is not characteristic of a believer to be CONTENTED IN THIS CONDITION. How should he be? If he is a believer, he has faith in the living God. The God of Scrip- ture has become to him a known God. This God is the living God, not merely as the Creator, but aa the Life-Giver to souls, who can associate souls with himself la blessed communion. How can one who believce in the reality and presence of a living God be content with a feeling of this deadness and de- pression, this awful contrast to the life and glory of that life-giving God ? More than that i The believer has faith in the power of a life-giving Christ. He believes that Christ is God and roan, Redeemer, Mediator; that He is now living on high--" He that liveth and was dead and is allve for evermore"-full of all redeeming virtue and grace, fuU of all the help that he needs ; full of all that is necessary in order that a poor sinner may live and experience the joy and victory of life. Now can any man have a believing consciousness that there is this living and life-giving Christ, this Mediator, this Redeemer, and be contented with an experience which in so humiliating a way contrasts with Christ and the fit state of Christ's people P The believer has faith, also, in the life giving Spirit and in the mission and work of the Holy Ghost in its peculiar power and gentleness and love. What it is perhaps ho can hardly feel when his soul is cleaving to the dust ; but he be- lieves it. He believes that God gives his Holy Spirit; that there is running from the throne of God and of the Lamb the river of the water of life that makes glad the city of God. That faith is one of the things that make him fed his soul so depressed; be- cause, knowing that there is such salvation, he knows in some measure what his state ought to be. How can aman who believes this be content to go on with his soul cleaving to the dust ? And, again, the believer has the conviction and per- suasion that his proper hone and fortune are above ; that there is a Heaven on high contain- ing all elements that are pure and suitable to the life and blessedness of God, and ho is on the way to it. He has chosen God's Word. He has set himself to the study of it, and his trust is that, through God's mercy, he will roach the country he seeks. And with these experiences how can he be contented to he in the dust, making no progress-at least not feeling that he ia making progress ? Therefore, he casts himself on God in prayer, and you may find him declaring to God the condition in which he is-" My soul cleaveth to the dust "-and applying to God to meet this case of his-"Quicken Thou me according to Thy word." III. There is A SURE REFUGE for the believer with reference to this case of his -There is life for those who feel in themselves so much that looks like death. " Quicken Thou me"-give me life, cause me to live-" according to Thy word." This cry is not merely a cry of distress. He has the Word which ho can plead made known to hina. T t is a sure refuge and resource " Thy word." What word ? Is it some particu lar promises he lays hold of ? There are many particular promises adapting the provisions of the Gospel to the experience of believers ; but we should always have regard to the root promise when we betake ourselves to God. That promise, was given to Abraham : " I will be a God unto theo." How is God to be a God to us? God. must be a God who is communicating Him- self to ua in life and love and blessedness. But perhaps a believer is not sure he is a believer. Well, hero is God holding Himsolf forth in His Word as one who has come into toe world to be- come to those who receive Him their God-" a God unto thee "-and in the same Word God in Christ is preached to us to be " a God unto us." There is a word for weary, needy, depressed souls to lay hold upon, to embrace and receive this great God to be a God unto them also according unto His Word. For, be assured of thiB, there is something in each believer that enables him to understand that great argument of our Lord concerning the resurrection of the dead : "He is not the God of the dead, but of the living." God never gave Himself to bo the God of any man to leave that man dead. The living Goa becomes my God that I, living in God, and God living in me, to all eternity in life, and love, and knowledge, He may be mine, and I may be His. Therefore, he whose soul cleaves to the dust is met and satisfied by that great and fundamental promise ; and out of an experience in itself no way good to us, or glorifying to God, may come reasons good for us, and glorifying to God, in so far as we can learn to know ourselves and Himself, as others wise He could have done, so that we learn what the reality is of laying hold of God's Word, and being raised out of the dust, and having restored! to us the joy and strength of His salvation. Let me Bay by way of application : 1\. There is groat REASOJN FOR HOPEFULNESS in the condition of believers, oven when their souls cleave to tho dust. It is not a good state. It is not a happy state. It is very often, in a large measure, an unbelieving, childish, even in some degree a rebelli us state, it is a state that needs no little forgiveness. It needs much Divine forbearance, tenderness, and care. But there is great reason for hopefulness for believers, even when their souls are cleaving to the dust, > *" . There is a great God to go to. There is a great Saviour in whom God has manifested Himself. There is a sure word as it spreads itsolf out in a variety of promises in which God is drawing near to us, tendering Himeelf to us, saying: " I will bo a God to thee." There is a readiness to hear and answer prayer, and to bestow blessings in answer to prayer. Thero is comfort for the sorrowful, refreshing for the weary, strength for the weak, life for the faint, and forgiveness of sins for sinners. These things "re in Christ Jesus, ailu therefore there is great ffeason for hopefulness for those who feel that 4heir souls are cleaving to the duBt. I II. There is I GREAT REASON FOR EARNESTNESS. ', St is not a fitting thing that people Bhould be contented while their souls aro cleaving to the dust. Because there is so great a God of salvation, so great a Sanctifier and Comforter, and our cilling is so great, there should be earnest and inBtant recourse to God, with the expectation that something very different from cleaving to the dust shall presently be ours. There is no safety for us except as wo ca3t ourselves on God, EO that His strength may bo made perfect m our .weakness. III. There ig A SURE REWARD 2 or those that seek the Lord. This is a disap- pointing life. It is full of expectations that are , not realised, and desires that are not granted. ' .But there is one field in which that is not so. ^'fae man that seeks God, the life-giving God ©f the Scriptures, not because he desires, but be- j . cause he needs Him, and cannot do without Hiin, ' .who brings to Christ eins which he cannot bear himself, and spiritual wants which he cannot Bupply, shall not be disappointed. There ia a , sure reward for those that Beek the Lord. Ho has not said : " Seek ye My face in vain ;" and there- fore we should seek Him with the pure expecta- tion that He is to be found; and He hears prayer ; and that this great God does these things which it befits a God to do-even the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ. 