Mi & €$m. The etory of the old gentleman at B?n ambra, who drove i n from the conotry, with his wife in the dray, etopped in front of the store and took the 'pissum mg from over his wife's lip, put it over the nag that hanled the cut, and went to do some shopping, leaving Mb wife in the dray with noth ing over her, Bhows the mesnuess of some men. Probably th»t old fellow thought that if the horse caueht cold and died, it would cott him twenty pounds to replace it, while if his wife tcok her death of cold he could get another without co3ting a fartbing, md maybe get one that was younger, and better looking, and whoconlddomore work. There are wives all over this country who aro neglected by tbeir husbands, while their live stock receive the best of care. And yet if a neighbor were to br»in such a man wun a maul and wedges, there would be plenty of gossips who would say the neighbor did wrong. I look down from my window. Where softly to snd fro Wave the slim, gold-heirted dairies, With fingers white as enow. They nod to tie ere; my clover That's blonirg all about, And they lo.k like little pin wheels, For the fire Bi-s are out. I wa*ch in the quiet moonlight, And farcy my rVon greets, Lying em ing those d&'sics, The airy ghost of Keats. I furjcy I see him lying, Fesstiog his joyous eyes Uprn those rr.eadow fairies, As though in Paradi-e. In the morning I ees tl e spirit - Of Keats ; and it, a'as ! Is naught in the world, dear reader. Bat a night-gown on the gais. Elmund Sz zepsnkiewickz end Fanny Kozinek were being inarriid the o'.htr day, and during tfae ceremony their names got mixed. A panic ensued ?nd one man was killed, while Eeventcen others were mcrd or less severely injured. Finally order was re store J, Ihe ambu'auce removed the dead aid wounded, a frech minister was found, and the ceremony prcc;eded. Yocni man. vou had butter not trv to flirt wi'.h a pair of hazel eyes. It is a waste of time and dingerous. They are less suscep tible than the b're, and once deceived do not p:nn away in grief, but rally for revenge, acd tale it rut in Ecorn. If you tackle them, ycu bad bet'ergoin to win or le&ve; the country. And while we think of it, we'll mafee ancth°r remark ! When yen woo and win and wed, you had letter keepon woo'ng and winning afterwards, or prepare for painful consequences. It tikes a pewer of love to do them. It is s'ated that a BeV'an manager, struck with the difficulty gold fathers and mothers experierce in cbooting harmlfS3 perform ances for their children, has fait upon a novel wsy of informing the public of the character of the pieces played at bis lhra'.re. He prinis his bills in different colors, indicat ing tbf ra'nre cf bis theatrical wares. For (xairnlc, a red bill signifies that tbe play is pernicious; a white bill ibat it is mjra1 ; and a blue one ttat it is half and half :— This iran'e a wonder of tho age, Who r.ar thus boldly wagfs In Truth's behalf, and shows the Stage Can still advance by stages I In V ringing such e metned out, He proves himself no dullard ; Though his descriptions murt, no doubt, hi very ' highly co'ored 1 ' The whiter bill ehDWE the play is good, And to all vice a strarger ; The. scat let poster {as it shou'.d) Distinctly points to dinger ; The blue— a ssft ceru'ean lure— Tells all who arc euspicious The p!ay is cot supremely pnre, Yet not entirely vicionB. The plan 6ccms wise ; tut ere we praise The virtues in it lurking, Let's thick npon the various ways In whioh it may be working. We'd ereik at length, but Bpace foibrfs Oar doing more than showing This Ble'ch of pa and ma and ?'kids' Intent on thea're-joirg. TATtE (Im/ ) : The opera's whits lo-Dight, and sr-. As they've Dot been to vivw one, We'll send the children there, and go Ourselves to Bee a blue one. The piece is rtd next week, I hear, And, as it's ra' b=r shady, I'il visit that alone, my -jear — I could rot take a lady 1 Some one suggests a new sleel gun that will catch an enemy. It is proposed to have it arri~s;od like a weighing machine, aid wImd the ent my comes up to the gun he will sre a sign as follows : ' Drop a penny in the 6lot and see the gun go off.' No enemy could resist the temptation to put in a copper, any more than a man can rctnt tbe tempatation to find out how much he wiighs. A draper's assist' nt, living in Richmond, at; something which did not agre: with him tbe other night, aTid afttr going (o sleep befan io dr. am. Among other things, be dreamt tVat be wss waiting upon a 'aiy customer, and for want of something better. brgaa to tear .'ard after yard of strip 9 eff the sheets. It ie not known whether at the end he s&id;, ' Y t teen and six, please, — C-a-B-h I '' but the landlady probably got that tbe nrxt day. Rear -sighted artist : ' B'Jove, there'6 a gloiionB subject; just wait till I sketch it— a beautiful amber .and gold sunset, with a white clond moving slowly to the right. If I could get that on canvas as it should be, it would be worth a fortune.' Farmer's boy : ?' What yer taifcin' about ? That's my red -Ira-Jed state rsettin' over there on a rock, and the cloud is the old white horse a-eatin' gra9B.' 