UNDER THE ROSE. BY THE AUTHOR OF "ONLY DORA," &c.; CHAPTER XVIII. J.t was the day or tho inquest, in the great hall, hung with black and lighted with numberless wax tapers, stood the couch on which, covered with a rich black velvet nail, lav tho doid heir o£ St. Maurs. In tho adjoining library sat tbo coroner and jury. Tho aged and broken-hearted Earl, his rod, bis nephew, and the gentlemen who had been out that fatal night, were as sembled there, and the inquiry at once began. Colonel St. Maur was the first wit- ness, as he and a Sir Itoborb brraham had been the first to find the body. " The night," he said, " was dark, and we got separated a little into twos and threes after we entered the woods, which ore thick and tangled with brushwood where the game lies. We had not seen Lord Trefusis for a quarter of an hour, I should think, when we heard a shot lired at some little distance to tho left of us. Be lieving that a fray was beginning be tween the keepers and the poachers, we harried off in the direction of the sound ; and forcing our way through the thickets, found ourselves on a little open spot, where we perceived the figure of a man lying on his back. We called loudly for help, but the report of the pistol had already brought the others to the place. How ever, before they reached us, we bad ascertained that the fallen man was Lord Trefusis, and that he had been shot through tho left temple." The Colonel, paused, much af fected. " Ho was quite dead ; and by his side we found a pistol." " Let us look at it," said the coroner to the police inspector. He presented the weapon, and the coroner examined it carefully, and then passed it to the jury. " It hears tho arms of St. Maur engraved on it," ho said, afier that pause. " Yes," replied the Colonel ; " it was Lord Trefusis* own pistol." There was a momentary silence. " We suppose," went on Boginald St. Maur, " that the pistol was wrenched from his own hand and turned against him." " But Lord Trefusis was a power ful young man," said the coroner, hesitatingly, "and armed. Was it possible to disarm him, as you sup pose?" " Yes, for he must have been not only surprised hut outnumbered. There were tracks of many footsteps about the spot, and the thicket had been evidently broken through by . a number of men. He would have hesi tated to fire, and this hesitation lost his life." "Is Colonel St. Maur sure that Lord Trefusis had tho pistol with him ?" aRked one of the jurors. "No," replied Reginald. " We cannot swear that be had it with him, for no one saw him with it that night; but we think it probable that he had. One evening — a few nights previously — wo had been talking of duolling in the smoking-room, and he told us that a great uncle of the earl's had been a notorious duellist in his day, and had bequeathed his duelling pistols to the Castle armoury. * where,' he added, ' they now hang.' -You shall see them. They have taken maiij lives.' He rang, and bade his valet, who answered the summons, go to the armoury and bring him the pistols from a spot he described. They were the pair to which the one found at his side belonged. The valet was ordered to replace them in the armoury when we had all examined them. " Did he do so ?" "I believe not ; but he" is here to answer, sir," and the Colonel drew back. The valet took his place. " Did you replace tho pistols as ordered ?" asked the coroner. " No, sir," said the man. " I was a litttle nervous. The armoury is said to be haunted, and it was as much as I could bring myself to do to go there once. I left the pistols till next day in my lord's dressing-room ; but 1 believed he took them back him self, for when I went for them tho next morning they were gone." " Did you see them afterward ?" " No, sir," said the man ; " I never saw them again till I beheld this one in the policeman's hands." "Where is the fellow-pistol?" asked the coroner. " We have not fonnd it, sir, though we have looked everywhere for it." " That is extraordinary," observed one of the jury. The valet was succeeded by Sir Robert Graham, who confirmed the statement of Colonel St. Maur. Then the Earl spoke. "There is a lady staying in the Castle," he said, " who has stated a circumstance to me which I think has great significance, and might have been connected with some evil-minded person purloining the pistols. Mis3 Tressilian has kindly consented to give her evidence on the subject." Then Iseulte was led forward by her guardian, and being questioned bv the coroner, related her fight at the appearance she had seen in the armory. " It is quite clear," said the lawyer ¦who represented Lord St. Maur and his family, " that some person was playing l tho part of the family ghost; and what more likely than with a view to purloining the pistolB?" The doctor's evidence was then taken. It proved that Lord Tre fusis had been shot from tho thicket on [his left hand. The ball had penetrated the brain, and death had been instantaneous. When this evidence closed, the lawyer spoke again. He said that the mysterious circumstance of the ghost in the armory, and the disappearance of the other pistol, had roused a sus picion that some inmate or guest at the CaBtle might have been concerned in the murder. Therefore the gentle men who had been out on that night with Lord Trefus were desirous of giviDg sworn testimony as to their whereabouts at the time the fatal. J shot was fired. The coroner and jury decided that it would bo mutually satisfactory, aud oue by one the young men presented themselves for examination. In no case had any one of them been alone at the time; they were always in twos or threes together. Captain Pendarvon had been with tho two keepers ; Reginald St. Maur aud Graham were together; the others in groups. All could prove an alibi from the scene of death ; neither was there any motive discernible to° insti gate thecriuio, Henry St. Maur, who alone (in a sense) benefited by it, being at homo at the time, as we know. The verdict was an open one. " Lord Trefusis was murdered by some person or persons unknown.' Every inmate of the Castle having been found away from tho Bpot where the young man fell — for the servants could also prove their presence in the dwelling — suspicion could only fall, as it had at first, on the poachers, who were supposed to have over mastered Lord Trofusis, and slain him with his own weapon. Eor their discovery, and for that of tho missing pistol, which might prove a clue, -a large reward was offered by the Earl. And then poor Lord Trefusis wa3 buried. Before that mournful ceremony, however, took place, the guests had (all but the Flemings) left the Castle. The first to depart were Mrs. Roberts and her daughter. They had both concealed their great personal disappointment, with wonderful tact, from every one but Iseulte. Miss Roberts did not pose as a widowed betrothed. Indeed, there had been no nciual engagement between her and Lord Trofusis, 1 hough she had antici pated a proposal from him the next day after their party. it was, better, thought the worldly mother, to ignore his possible inten tions ; a disappointment was no recommendation in the matrimonial market. Therefore, with profuso ex pressions of regret and sympathy. Mm. Roberts aud Agatha haskm.od bac-lc to London, most sincerely grieved at the event which had de prived the latter, as they believed, of a coronet. CHAPTER XIX; Spring is ngain dawning on the- carth. The violets have once more "taken the winds of March with beauty," and April has just s niled her first dewy greeting to' the earth iseulte regrets that the winter is gone — that the time has come when she must return to London guardian's home. Mrs. Roberts has written to say how much they look forward to her arrival — how disappointed they wili be if she does not return to them; and Mrs. Fleming has accede 1 to their wishes as a matter of course, and has not proposed 'seulte's rema'ning " for good " at the Moorlands. Both she and Lancelot havo ignore 1 tho choice left to Miss Tressilian by her father's will, and have spoken without regret of her London journey. She is very low spirited at their apparent want of affection for her, and she hates to leave her pretty rooms, her already promising , flower-beds, her poor people, and even Alp. She would not doom him to a London season ; and she had hoped that Mrs. Fleming would have wished to keep her. " No one loves me !" was the refrain which began again to ring in her mind, as one sweet spring morning she took a solitary walk up the great hill over the river. Lancelot had been for some time abroad with the St. Maurs, and was now in London, doing some business for the Earl, Mrs. Fleming had a bad cold aDd was confined to her room ; and Iseulte felt her loneliness greatly that morning as she wandered up the hill, the spring breeze playing on her brow, the scent of opening leaves and violets bringing buck to memory all those memories of which spring seems to keep the key. At length with a deep sigh, she seated herself on a huge piece of granite, and gazed listlessly down on the valley and river bolow, She was awakened from a sail reverie of the past by a quick, firm footstep ap proaching the spot whore she sat, and by Alp's rising with a threaten ing growl from his seat by her side. Another moment and Captain Pen darvon came round the boulder bo- yond her. Alp would have flown at him had she not caught at his collar, " Down, Alp !" she said — ¦" down directly ! Don't you know friends from foes ?" The hound growled, but submitted, lying down, but keeping a wary eye on the intruder. Iseulte had risen as he advanced, and the usual greetings were exchanged. "Have you been at the house?" asked MisB Tressilian. "Not yet. I was finding my way there now by the hill, over which a pathway was pointed out to me at the station." " Let me take you there then/' shq i said. . " j i " No ; please permit me to sit with you here for a few moments. I par- [ ticularly wish to speak to you alone." She resumed her seat at once, and ho sat down by her. ) "Miss Tressilian," he said, "you onco showed me extraordinary and undeserved kindness and sympathy, I can never forget it, and I am. en- : couraged by the recollection to hope ; that you will once more prove my j benefactress." J " What can I do for you, Captain [ Pendarvon?" she asked, rathe.? coldly. " You can aid my happiness and Agatha's, and save your guardian from ruin." ."Mr. Fleming?" she exclaimed, surprised. " No, Mr. Roberts.'' "Mr. Roberts! What do you mean ?" " Mr. Roberts," ho replied, " is in temporary difficulties, to which, how- | ever, 1 shall ultimately owe my happi ness, 1 hope." "Please explain," she Baid, still greatly puzzled. "Since our return from that most terrible vioic to the St. Maurs," went on Per.darvou, "Agatha has found that she loves me. The certainty was forced on her, perhaps, by the persis tency with which Mr. Roberts has lately been urging her to marry a very rieh but most unpleasant city man. £ found her one day (on ar riving unexpectedly at the house) in tears ; persuaded hor to trust mo with her trouble, and offered her the shelter of my love from such persecu tion. She accepted it, and confessed that she loved mo." "How extraordinary !" said Iseulte. " I should have thought Mr. Roberts tite last person to wish to influence his daughter in such a case ; still less to pain her about it." "You remember the genial, gener ous banker of a year ago! Then, Miss Tressilian, he would have with held nothing from his children; but now (as you will hear) the honour of his bank is at stake. 1 asked him that same day to consent to my marrying Agatha. At first be would not bear of it ; be told me it was im possible for him to give his consent ; but at last, learning that Agatha loved mo, he wavered, and finally con fided the truth to mo. It was briefly this; for some time (two years, I tlunk), lie has |beon in difficulties, which, however, ho had nearly sur mounted by lending a great mercan-. tile house one hundred and fifty thousand pounds at a high interest ; but most unhappily that firm has re cently failed, and he is in hourly dread, from this additional loss, of the bank breaking. To do Roberts justice, he seems to fear more about tho ruin it would bring on hundreds of poor ladies and clergy men who have placed ther money in his hands than for himself ; and to save them more than himself he had intended to sacrifice his daughter to Dir. Brown, who on his marriage would have lent him twenty thousand pounds. ' Nor,' he added, ' can I con sent to forego this "design unless you will aid me in a plan which has oc curred to me ?' " This was that I should raise the money, twenty thousand pounds, for him in my own name, so that no whis per of the bank's need of it might escape. " I naturally asked how it would be possible for me (not being a capitalist) to do this ? He said a money-lender would probably take my father's bond for it, if he would give it, and that he (Roberts) would guarantee the pay ment of the lender and ultimately to my father and to me, for the embar rassment is but tomporary. I need scarcely tell you that I accepted the task ; determined if possible to achieve it even without risking a reference to him. "I went at once by express to Riversmead, and begged my father to lend me his savingB, and put his name to a bond for me. Alas ! his savings are very small, and no money-lender will hear of lending twenty thousand pounds on such security as he can give. I was in despair, and then I thought of you, and knew I might ask you ; for even you refused to help me, you would keep poor Roberts' secret." " Indeed," said Iseulte, " my guar dian' might himself have relied on anything I could do for him. I will lend him the sum he requires. You can tell him so; and ask him to manage it for me, since he has the care of my money." '/ Ah ! no, most kind Mies Tres silian. I asked Mr. Roberts why he did not apply to you, and he an swered that he would die first ! ' Her father trusted me/ he said, ' and I will not risk a penny of hers, though I know it would be only for a time. Besides, Lancelot Fleming's signature as well aB mine would be needed be fore we could touch her money, and he would never give it. I wanted him/ went on Mr. Roberts, to let me put some of 'seulte's money into the bank when it was strong "and pros perous, and he steadfastly refused. Do you think he would consent now ?' and indeed, Miss Tressilian, I cannot believe that Mr. Fleming would." " How, then, I can help my guar dian t" asked iseulte, puzzled. "If," said Pendarvon, with some hesitation, "if you would consent to put your signature to a joint bond with myself for the twenty thousand pounds, I could raise it immediately. The interest would he paid by Mr. Roberts ; and the whole sum paid off by him — to me — in less, probably, than a year. You would never hear of tho transaction after you had signed the bond." Iseulte hesitated; she had an in vincible repugnance to the thought of borrowing money secretly ; and if Bbe did bo at all, it must evidently be without Lancelot's knowledge ; but she greatly wished to help kind, fatherly Mr. Roberts — and then what greater proof could she give Agatha and Pendarvon of her perfect indifference to him than thus to aid in uniting them ? " But I don't see how I could manage such an affair," she said knitting her delicate brows. " Cer tainly 1 can't get to London." (to bh continued.) j 