Keualted. A TALE'OF CHRISTMAS-TIDE. ? I. How sorrowfel it ie to be alone. When only silent spirits gath* r round : When the dear eyes no longer look at u«, j And tbe dear voices have no human sound, j To be aloue when Christmas waits are Bine'insr, j Sad and alone when Christmas bells are liagiug, I When &11 around is joy aid blessedness, _ When we can almost hear the angels sing, Can almost catch tbe glad triamphaat strain That greets thp. coming of the Infant King, And yet to see no gleaming star shins o'er us, To see but darknees and despair before us. Bitter enongh when time has touched our flowers, Acd withered all their beauty at a breath; When those we could have died for drifted past, And sank beneath the silent waves of death. Bitter when time and death have done the robbing, And we Bit silent while the winds are sobbing. More bitter still, when we have robbed our selves, And will not take our longed-for treasures back, And know we have but our own selves to blame ; That all that makes life beautiful we lack. Thst we alone have wrought our desolation, And chaos made of love's diviae creation, II. Within a stately room an old man sat, On whose proud head full tniny a winter lay; And yet the eyes were clear and firm and hard As they bad been on manhood's opening day. Only tbe shoulder?, sadly drawn and bent, As though some unseen burden rested there, Showed that the weight of years told on the man ; That and the frost kis3 on his silver hair. Outside the stars shone in ths clear blue sky, A coronal of diamonds for tha night, Whose Queen walked through their mid^t serenely fair ; . Below, the Bleeping earth with snow was white. The shrubs took wUd fantastic forms and shapes ; Tbe grey old thorn tree, silent, grim, and barej Beneath the fairy touches of the enow Had denned a beauty wondrous etrangs aad rare. And in one corner where a little bush Grew long and low, the snow was thickly piled, And is the sweet uncertain light it looked Like to the grave of some dead little child. Here two tall laurels, draped in ghostly white, And leaning to each other in the gleam, Looked in tbe dim half-shadows of the place Like spirit lowers meeting in a dream. And far away there rose and fell the sound Of distant music, sometimes soft and clear, But mostly'seeminE felt instead of beard, Touching the Bpirit rather than the ear. And mingling with it came the fitful chimes Of some bells ringing far and far away, Flinging their bursts of gladness on the air, Proclaiming joyously the Christmas day. The place seemed haunted, not a quivering breath Stirred leaf or twig, and not a single sound Broke the dead stillness, save tbe sudden fall Of some crisp ice-gem on the frozen ground. Haunted, deserted, all the air around Breathed of a presence there no longer seen ; The bending ehrabs and trembling icicles Seemed whispering solemnly of what had been. Tbe lovely quaint old garden, stiff and trim, Was filled with some sweet presence passed away; Was inBtinct with a spirit fresh and pure, Who in those stately halls no more held sway. Did they remember other Christmas days, Long years ago. when she, a laughing child, Loved to do battle with the flying snow, And cared not for the winds, however wild. She and her brothers, three strong sturdy boys, And she, the youngest and the frailest one, Had made these silent walks ring wild with glee Through winter's wind, or 'neath tbe sum mer's 6U11. She was bo fair, bo very beautiful ; Her eyeB like Bpeed-wells drenched in morn ing pearls, And countless sunbeams, caught and prisoned there, Danced in the silken meshes of her curls, And then there fell a shadow on the place, A gloom that never lifted night or day ; E'en when tbe triple coffin in the vault Hid three lov'd forme for evermore from day. a a * » * * O, Death ! thou art so very merciless ; Sometimes thy strokes so sharp and heavy are; One glance, and all oar hopes in ashes lie, One pinion-sweep can all oar life-plans mar. There is nought sacred from thy chilling touch, Nothing-, at laBt, escapes thy greedy grasp ; We fain would hide oar treasures from thy eight, And vainiy hold them in our loving clasp. And nothing comes amisB to thee, O Death ; The stalwart man, in life's warm glowing prime; The sweet babe, entered on its new strange life; The fair young flower in beauty's summer time. Tbe scythe of Time goes swinging through the grass, And half a generation lieth prone ; Save where some solitary blade escapes the sweep, And sadly shivers in the wind alone, O, Death? The tears have scarcely left our eyes For one beloved-lying cold and still, Ere they o'ernowfor someone still more daar — Some treasured darling yielded to tby will, The three brave boys ; heirs of a grand old name, At once were laid together, out of sieht. And almost, it would seem from that sad hour, Had rested on the ancient house a blight. The time pawed slowly, year by year went on, Leaving no trace, behind them, as they went, Save that the girl grew fairer and more fair. And the old man grew sterner and more beet. His child regarded him with trembling awe ; Scarcely she knew lore's meaning in those days, And he was never conscious of her touch, Never responded to her winning ways. He never kissed her ; never were bis lips Pressed to her rosebud mouth in sweet ? . s&Inte; ; Atsd ebe walked forward, blindfold, into life, Askice all questions though her lips were rc-ute. Poor child ! to her how empty seemed her hands. Though more than full of all the world holds desr; What wonder that she grew to hate her lot, As year waB followed still by dreary year. At last a bnrBt of sunlight fiHei her life, At last the birds had meaning in their song ; The fiowefe were lovelier than they ever were ; And she dreamed golden dreams the whole day long. Her face grew fairer, and her az=ire eyes Were wells of loveliness, as well as thought ; And one step on the sward, one tender voice To her soft cheek the crimson blushes brought. And he was handeome, tall, and brave, and strong, Whose eyep, like the grey daws, were fathomless ; One whose true heart and pure un3el£?h ?if« Were sorely meant some woman's lot to blew. And ehe — ehe loved him. All her wealth of love, As yet untouched, like some rich, hid den mine, Poured out its costly treasures at his feet, Content that birds should sing and sun should shine. F.v«j content that darkness sbouT.-i be round, That night should wrap in sombre gloom the land, If in the darkness she might her.r his voice, If in the darkness, he but held her hand. He kissed her once, and all tbe world was lieht— The bloBssoiuE, beauty steeped, still lovelier grew; Because tbe suasDine centered m herself, And round her way its golden glory threw. She leved him as, thank God, some women still Know bow to love, e'en in this iron a?e ; Tbe love that blessed men in the olden time. That lights with glory many an ancient page. He was her knipht, her hero of romance, Her fret, her best, her deare&t.; next to God ; Ko pain^ no grief, could ever deeply hurt While he walked by her on the wayshs trod. And be ': Think yon the strong oak does not love The sweet white rose that clings to it bo fast 1 Aye, for a moment, so the scoffers say — Jnet for s moment, but it will not last. Aye. bnt it' will, while cak continues oak, And rc&e; ie still content to be-but rose ; Time will but strengthen mutual tenderness, Yt«r« nil] but draw the bend between them cicse. Bnt should the rose aspire to be an oak, ; Or should the oak prove rotten at the core ; j Alas for those who learn the truth too late ' I And find their dream of love forever o'er. ] They loved each other, and the days went on— Spring day?, when primroses and violets ? grew ; j Art9, thrush and blackbird, in the leafy copse, Gave concerts to an audience of two, [ But, when the spring had passed and summer came, With gladness throbbing at the heart of things, When queenly roses blushed beneath tha sun, Aud all the glad young birds had found their wings. Ween eoft, sweet twilight linked the shining days, And nature gloried in her golden prime— Ah. nr.e ! how sweet it is to live and breathe The perfumed zephyrs of the summer time ! Then all at once from out the cloudleSB sky L'atted a sudden bolt of angry scorn ; Her bcait was reft of all it had to love ; And ehe, poor child, wa=i left alone'to mourn. One kiss, a sob, a vow of deathless love, And ti;ey were two, who should have been but one ; He? lover etood no loseer by her side, And ehe was saddest underneath the sun, A yesr had passed, she had not seen his face ; Aps,in the summer days were golden bright, A pain the roses sighed their lives away. And twilight brooded through the soft.sweet night. She loved her father, but her heart went out In t earning passion to that absent one. Her father gave her neither smile nor kiss ; He would have loved her had she been a son, Poor lonely child ! what comfort did it bring That ehe was heiress to her father's gold, The laBt descendant of a grand old name, The poor inheritor of wealth untold 1 One'emile to her was more than lands or name' Her lover's kiss more than her father's pride ' With him she felt the world could harm her not, For what were pain or sorrow by his side? And so, when in the twilight dim and soft Her lover came and whispered words of cheer, And spoke of future days of love and joy, What wonder that she lent a willing ear? What wonder that she left a home all gloom For one that promised all of love and light? What wonder that she left a path all thorns For one where only blossoms met her sight? She kissed the roses with her trembling lips. She bathed the crimson Hollyhocks with tears ; With outstretched hands and streaming eyes ehe bade Her home farewell for many, many years. And then she turned, and through her tears she smiled, As emiles the eanbeaics through a summer Etorm ; Henceforth her life knew more of smiles than tears, Close folded in his love so deep and warm. III. The rears that lightly touched his daughter's bead Had bowed the old man's lower, and more low, Till scarce a vestige now remained of him. Who lorded it so prondly years ago. And now, to- night, 'twas Christmas Eve ones more, And he thought sadly of the long dsad past. Oh ! could we only earlier learn the truth That nothing in this world but love can last ! Ab ! when we come to life's extremest verge, And trace through backward course the years gone by ; And Bee wherein we made oar life- mistakes, And at what points oar fatal errors lie ; I think perhaps oar keenest pang will be, Not that oar hands have never gotten gold ; Not that we were denied, though prizing well. The rank and fame that others lightly hold— I think perhaps some kiss wo did not give, Or some fond word we sometime failed to say ; Some pardon, that our pride refused to errant. Will be our sharpest thorns on life's laBt day. We shall forget the fame that once we craved. The rank and wealth for which we once did live; We shall forget youth's triumphs, and life's pains, Bat not the lore we ought but did not give. So this old man, alone and sorrowful, Had learned at laat that all the fault was his ; No human heart, however stricken, need AH of life's sanshine and its beauty miss. ' My child !' he cried, ' My daughter !' but no voice, Only the mocking echoes answered him ; And tantalising visions of the past Played hide-and-seek among the shadows dim. Oh 1 is there any agony like this 1 Can all life's anguish equal this one pain? To call and call, in bitter loneliness On those who loved us once, and call in vain. To see the leyes that once were bright with love. That by our cruel hands were dimmed with tears; To hear sweet, mournful tones come'stealing up, Like sad ghost voices from the dead past years. Love while you can, be tender while you may ; While words and kisses may be freely given, Begret can heal no wounds, can still no pain, When once the Blender cords of life are riven. The bight had passed, 'twas Christmas morn ing now ; The white snow, like God's pardon on the soul, Hid from the sight earth's failures and defects, And lay beneath the;eunlight fair and whole. I think, for us poor feeble human things, 'Tis well onr fate ties in no mortal hand ; That, at a bar, more gracious as more just,. Each soul is, for itself, compelled to stand, Tbe dim, wierd shadows, all had vanished now; The old man sat beside his lonely heath ; But through the grim and stately halls thera rang No laugh, nor song, nor any sound of mirth. Outside, the quaint old garden, stiff and trim, Lay underneath its robe of spotless white ; Long icicles hung trembling from the trees. And flashed like jewels in the winter light, Again the anguish of a burdened soul Found utterance in that pitiful low cry — 'My child, my daughter! On, my darling one! Smile on'rne once again before I die.' He p&ased.; Dead silence answered to his call. The golden sunbeams streamed across the floor ; The sunbeams she had played in many a time. Oh ! would he see them kiss her nevermore ? And then again he seemed to. eee bis child, As once he saw her, though forgotten loner, Come dancing to him through the golden shaft, Smiles' in her eyes, and on her lips a song. He pressed his hands before his aching eyes. Slowly the vision faded, bat not quite— A little child — was she his daughter ?— stood Straight in the pathway of the golden light. Was she his daughter ? Had the years rolled back? She had the same sweet eyes of wondrous blue. It seemed the selfsame smile her red lips wore, The B&me; rich wealth of hair the sun shone thiough. He stretched his arms, with one glad bound Ehe came, And laid her shining head upon his breast ; As some bright birdhng, Btartled, wings its flight To the safe shelter of its own dear neat. Was thiB a spirit ? Was.hisdarlinerdead? And this the way she had returned to him ? Nay, for the lips he kisBed were warm with life, Her eyes were bright, although his own were dim. 'Grandpa,' she whispered softly, then ' Mamma,' But e'er he spoke his daughter, grave and sweet, And be for whose dear Bake she angered him. With heads bowed low, were kneeling at his feet. He gazed a moment, trembling, then said low, 'Forgive me. daughter; I have wronged you sore ;' Ko further, for the kisB that stopped his words Forbad their repetition evermore, IV. Over the carpet of stainless snow, The breezes were wandering merrily ; Bearing, like notes from the angels' song Snatches of Christmas melody. Tbe bells were ringing a joyous peal, The sunshine fell, like a rain of gold ; And tbe angels Barely had brought once more, The beautiful message they brought of old. Peace, like the enow in its whiteness, lay | Over the heart that no peace had known ; I For God in Hi« mercy had swept away I Thorns that the anger of man had sown, | Thp quaint old garden, so stiff and trim. Brightened once more to a stately grace ; ; Echoed once more with the laugh and song j Acd bloomed with the rose of a maiden's j face. ? j '[ Summer and winter, the years, go on, i fioees and snowdrop* alternate blow; ; But the stately mansion go dark aadtgrini, ! Ie ever with love and wit Wight aglow. - Summer and winter the years go on, But the old man never is lonely now ; And the child has grown to a maiden fair, With the light of love on her pure young brow. Oh ! life hath many a goodly gift, Many an evetide of quiet r3at, Many a priz'? for the noon's hot work, But of all that she giveth love is beat. Love tonches the base, and it turns to gold ; Love is the fount of immortal youth ; The world in its hardness fights in vain, Against the forces of love and truth, The eye's yrniDg brightness will fade and dim And youth and beauty too Boon are o'er ; Hopes and ambitions may sink and die, But love — it liveth for evermore. Love tbat ia human and love divine— For God is surely the heart of all — Are one in essence, and came with man, From a beautiful Eden before the Fall. When the love of man and the love of God, Two, yet the same, shall together reign, Then ehall we welcome the Golden Age, Then shall our Eden be found again. - Acses Nealk, Christmas, 1888. 