NOTES FROM GOLDFIELDS IN MULGRAVE AND BURNETT.- ril. AUMFEBOUS OUTPOSTS, GAYNDAH. The gold discovery at Eidsvold, although the most important, is by no means the earliest in this part of the Burnett district. At Swindle Hill, now taken up in mining claims under the name of Thistle Hill, not far from Eidsvold station, shafts were sunk by some prospectors fully fifteen years ago, but although good prospects were obtained nothing payable was found. Tradition states that two shafts were sunk near the apex of the ridge, and a crosscut made outwards from each in the expectation of getting the roof. Had the crosscut been made from one shaft to the other the reef, which carries heavy gold, would have been out, and the present goldfield possibly anticipated by all those yours. Instead of this the gold seekers, finding nothing, lost heart, and involuntarily realised Horace's dictum Aurum unrepentant at six menus situm Cuni terra cent, speers fortior Quinn pioneers humans in usus Omno sacrum rapieute extra. Another gold discovery known as the Bee hive, with a neighbouring claim called the Bridgewater, was made about the same time near Yarrol station, some thirty miles to the north-east of the present diggings. Great expectations were entertained of this find, for which a complete crushing plant was ordered from one of the Maryborough foundries and worked for some time at a considerable loss. The owners eventually sold out or were sold up, and the battery was removed, I know not whither and since then the Beehive and Bridgewater have slept the sloop of the "bust." Within the last week or two, however, the Beehive has once more been taken up by Messrs. M. Moreton, Woodyatt, and party, and seems likely to become the nucleus of another goldfield. At Brovinia, far away to the southward, on one of the southern affluents of the Burnett, is another of these isolated golden spots, yelept the May Queen, while a reef reputed gold bearing has been worked with varying success blue the latter part of 1880. Machinery expressly imported for this claim from America is on the ground, and in process of completion. It is to be hoped that the results will be com- mensurate with the liberal expenditure incurred, but this appears to be somewhat doubtful owing to the highly mineralised character of the reef, which is against the easy amalgamation of the finer particles of gold. On the road from Eidsvold to Gayndah, w h h follows, generally, the course of the river But 1 nett, is an interesting auriferous district t" as the River Bend. It is situated about fe miles west from Gayndah, and consist 19 series of thinly-timbered ridges and Cs tU geological formation being clay slate L sented with quartz reefs of evert B'Wter; variety. Many rich discoveries here "S the hand of the explorer for "T* to some cause not readily . WED? for, but a very small S "f^ has as yet been taken up. Of tL u8 principal are the Gould and I (usually? the nounced the Golden Even, the vessel? Pro- nounced " the Golden PYe"), the w? T' Own, and the Auld Lang Syne In gcU ? these are reefs of extra^rdSary^tïe^Th \ 1 thickness and highly payable 6d the smallest proportion of gold yet crushed, 1 of stone. The river Burnett has bin NSW is? to incidentally often enough to merit words of description. Like most ^rh",f°.W watercourses, it has features otto ow^T"1 moved by the geological formaCTthfr tract through which it flows, so that it readily recognised in any part of it "n 4 From the junction with dalgangal over where it first assumes its riverinfaspTot is pebbly and shingly channel some UOte ALL yards wide, contained within high sanL loamy banks of the UvU type and fry it with magnificent eucalypti The tH water is nearly, if not quite%ontmuo^* If at the surface, and in many marY even nearly the whole of the five? had to varying from a few inches to a couple A In a; few spots deeper reaches arefound t which fish, principally mullet, disport themselves and occasionally the river and V S two where the full happens to be traces of A-C actually navigable for punT or flashes' 'J boats. From above Eidsvold, as f5 bottomed Mundubbera, the river bed harbour has "given vegetation, and in many places swings coach road from Mundubbera! however aspect gradually changes, doiLe Skews of ti-tree and other shrubby vegetation pying the sandhills , .L^i^.C." and encroaching in places on the "S" ' nel itself. For some distance above T'a below Gayndah, which occupies nearly the centre of the Burnett tableland, ste2 2" permanent reaches of water, which declared contrast with the torrent like charaotoi'ofill river in other places. Portions of a pontoon bridge once proposed at this spot are BtSl to be found kicking about on some of the stations and serving various undignified purposes TO Burnett, to say the truth, is too wTpricioiia £ its flow to be satisfactorily negotiated either by a ferry or a bridge when the water is at its ordinary level the ferry boat will hardly float and the river is fordable almost anywhere whereas a bridge, to withstand the volume and impetus of the watery deluge that come down in the rainy season and strew their traces h the huge boulders and rollers, the bent and twisted tea-treothickets, anathemas of drifting entangled in their branches, by which the river may be at once known in any part of is course would have to be of a solidity and dimensions out of all keeping with its temporary object. Below Ideraway the character of the river changes greatly for the worse The proximity of mountain spurs of the Mount Perry Range has encumbered its bed with mta?e-l0fJ0Cv'' WhiCh dwindle the quantities of drift timber caught in the tops of the ragged, bent, and gnarled trees that are dotted over its bed, impart to the latter a savage and repulsive aspect. These characteristics are continued to near Walla, where the appearance of basaltic dykes, and the rich vegetation on the accompanying volcanic soil clothe it for a while with soft and picturesque hues. A mile or two above Bundaberg the river becomes tidal and for the short remainder of its course has the general features of other coastal rivers. That a large portion of the upper course of the Burnett is charged with drift gold is probable, but the difficulty of " bottoming" so enormous an accumulation of drift sand, pebbles, and boulders, will always be prohibitive of any attempt to explore its treasures. At the river bond, where beds of slate traverse the course of the river, patient fossickers have occasionally made a scanty subsistence by picking drift gold out of the joints of the state, where it is to be found in filmy plates of extreme thinness, but the game is roughly speaking, not worth the candle, and is only indulged in as a last resource. jgjGayndah, the ancient capital of the Barnett, is picturesquely seated on a breezy tableland overlooking the broad and deep course out by the river during an endless series of rainy seasons. Lengthened occupation has ordered all the environs of timber, and the unobstructed expanse of grazing land gives the scene a distinctly pastoral character. At the back of the town, less than half-a-mile away, abruptly rises a thinly-timbered double peaked hill, whence a magnificent panorama of the wide rolling uplands, flanked on all sides with dark blue mountain ramparts, may be enjoyed. To the west rooms the dark frowning bulk of Mount Debateable, which for more than fifty miles to the eastward serves the bushman as a guide to mark the site of Gayndah. The prettiest view of the latter is obtained from the Gap, about a mile and a half on the Maryborough-road, where the long main street, foreshore tened in distance, with the river to the right, the mount to the left, and gardens and cultivation plots in the fore- ground, make up a really charming picture, on unfortunately that does not improve on nearer approach. For Gayndah is, figuratively speaking, a city of the dead, peopled chiefly with the ghosts of departed wool teams and other reminiscences of a bullocky past. On the veranda of the principal hotel, aristocratically dubbed the " Club," coteries of snowy coated squatters still realise on their cauyas-baoked chairs, discussing the inroads of a wicked radicalism and the difficulty of making ends meet with 30s. a mile rents and "fats at only 8s a head, or superciliously veying the travel-stained coach passengers who have just arrived from the plebeian diggings or doubly plebeian Maryborough. And trace times, not so frequent or to well of frequented as of yore, a feeble attempt at high jinks is still made, in tho course of which those " Bait of the earth" sometimes condescend to show that they are still amenable to human frailties. But, largely speaking, the glory of the place has departed, and ruined villas, door and windowless hovels, untrimmed gardens, broken or patched fences, and once flourishing orchards choked with weeds silently but expressively proclaim " Ichabod." The transit of a portion of the stream of traffic from the coast to Eidsvold has latterly infused some life into the " deserted village. That, fatally facile building material, galvanised iron, t which is responsible for so many deaths from "sunstroke" and heart-disease is in demand, and a few of the erstwhile ruinous tene- ments are being patched up for occupation by. a higher order of creatures than the ubiquitous , goat; but whether the spurt will endure is fairly open to question. Much will depend on the future of Eidsvold, which, however, has attracted the major part of the able-bodied population, and for the present at least is largely responsible for the desolate and listless aspect of the old municipality. The best hope for Gayndah, to my thinking, lies in its becoming a centre of farming operations whence the new goldfield can be supplied with horse-feed, fruit, and other produce, for the growth of which the rich and deep black "soil. of the surrounding plains, rivalling in fertility that of the Darling Downs, admirably adapts ' Idle Quill. 