#it Mm iitif, By Proteus. The earth liuth bubbles as the water has, And these are of them.— Shaksfkahk. Mr. Dibbs's motion of censure in the Assembly was a hi gjasco, even for Mr. Bibbs, He caused business to be suspended for two Parliamentary days, kept the House going all Tuesday night, and finished up at 3 o'clock on Wednesday morning, with only 10 mem bers besides himself on the Opposition benches. But Mr. Bibbs seems to be fond of trying big things and getting croppers. He has announced, not directly but indirectly, that he intends to bring forward fresh motions of censure whenever he feels so disposed. It is to be hoped that he will not be so disposed very often, for Parliament has work to do. The Ministry must be rather pleased at the eccentricities of the leader of the Opposition, for they sometimes remove difficulties. But in the meantime the country suffers. Mr. Melville does not set much store by his reputa tion as a sensational orator, or he would not have made the mistake that he fell into on Tuesday night. He kept the House in agonies of expectation about the disclosures he was going to make regarding Ministers, but the disclosures never came. It turned out after all that he had nothing more to bring before the House than the evidence upon which his own committee had acquitted the Government. If Mr Melville disappoints the House in this way, he cannot expect to eiijoy that high popularity wliich it is his object to gain. ' But in any meeting of that kind there would always be a few native dogs and opossums who were not likely to understand the language of free men. . . . It was rather too much for a company of sensible men to be interrupted by the idiotic yells of two or three people who did not understand the pro ceedings. . . . Oh, you shut up. The very best thing you can do is to go outside and get a glass of Tooliey's beer. We are here engaged on a very different question, and, if you can't understand it, go j out and bark with the dogs outside. . . . There was nothing whatever to prevent those gentlemen from going over the border to Victoria ; nothing whatever, except the policeman.' These of course are extracts from the speech of some rude creature far removed from the influences of civilisation. . So it would be thought ; but such is not the case. The quotations are from a speech of the Premier of New South Wales. The pity of it ! We have further evidence that tho protectionists are a queer people. The members of the Trades and Labour Congress which recently met in Brisbane are protectionists, and they carried a resolution in favour of a protective tariff for all Australia. Having done that they passed this resolution : ' That in the opinion of the congress, it is advisable, in order to increase wages, give employment to all, abolish poverty, extir pate pauperism, lessen crime, elevate the morals, 'tastes, and intelligence, purify Governments, and carry civilisation to a noble height, to abolish all taxation, save that on land value.' The congress must have become . intoxicated by the magnificence of its ideas. I f all taxation save land taxation is to be abolished, what becomes of protection ? Protective duties, as everyone knows, are designed for the purpose of taxing everything that one eats, drinks, wears, or j uses in any way. Unless these objects can be accom- j plished, protection fails. But the protectionists of the congress say, ' We will have protection, but we will have no duties except a dufy upon land.' The force of confusion can no further go. A case was tried in the Melbourne County Court the other day, the reported evidence in which might be regarded as a piece of ' make-up,' except for the high standing of the paper which publishes it. A man and his two sons (the latter being considerably under age — mere lads in fact) were sued for debt. The three traded as ' Jones and Sons, Limited, and an effort was made to show that, while the junior partners were not liable, because they were under age, the senior member was not liable because he was not really a partner, but only an employee. One of boys gave evidence as follows : — I carry on business with my brother. We are asphalters. Q. — Is your father a partner in the firm? A. He is a traveller in the business. He fetches in orders. The manager and my brother and I carry on the business. Q. — How does he manage? A. — He gives us advice now and again. Q. How do you pay him ? A. We give him a salary and commission, on orders. Now and again we give him a little salary. Q. What do you call yourselves ? How do you sign cheques? A. We sign cheques 'Jones and Sons, Limited.' Q. What is the meaning of **L imited ?' A. It means a limited number of sons. Here laughter came in very appropriately. If anything more had been wanted, the lollowing peculiar docu mentary evidence would have settled the case. It consisted of an advertising business card, in the centre of which was a photograph of Jones pere, fol lowed by these words: — 'Deaths. 'Jones. — On the 25th instant, at the Quarries, Abbotsford, Charles. Thomas J ones, asphalter. Deeply regretted. ?Argus' and 'Herald.' 26 j 1 j 88.' The fol io- wing notification was printed on the upper portion of the card : — ' Having fortunately been able to postpone my funeral in consequence of the non- production of the ordinary medical certifi cate, I now propose, notwithstanding my evident decease, as per quoted advertisement, to continue to solicit orders for tar-paving as heretofore, to promise prompt and satisfactory execution of same ; also, a rendition and collection of accounts in every respect tts if I had not left this mundane sphere. For con venience of identification, and to prevent any un authorised ghost from successfully personating me, my photo is attached.' The decision of the court was that the father of the two interesting youths should pay the amount claimed. The following is from the Britkh North . Borneo Herald of January 1 : — ??Owing to our staff being extremely short-handed, the present number of the Ueratd, although dated January 1, is, under the cir cumstances, unavoidably published at a later date, which will account for our being able to insert notices of the New. Year's sports which took place on January 2nd and 3rd, 1888.' It is easy to understand how in a climate like that of Borneo a newspaper may occa sionally be short-handed — the condition, one would think, would be chronic — but could not one man have been found to alter the date of the paper from January 1 to January 4, 5f or 6 r A story comes from Melbourne that, when the Russian war vessel was on a visit to that port, the Minister for Defence wishing to show some courtesy to the visitors, invited the Grand Duke and the cifficers to a ' marine picnic.' The strangers made inquiries and found that the picnic was intended to take the shape of an inspection of the fortifications. Having discovered this fact, our Russian friends sent polite refusals. They really could not take advantage of the kindness of their Victorian friends to obtain in formation which might afterwards be used to their detriment. A curious will, eays a Victorian paper, was recently proved in Melbourne. The testator bequeathed the family Bible to his son, with the condition that the sacred volume was not to be delivered to the legatee (who is 27 years of age) until he is fit to be entrusted with it. The will itself is remarkable, but the condi tion is still more remarkable. More remarkable than all is the proviso that the fitness of the legatee to receive the Bible is to be determined by a well-known member of Parliament, who is supposed to know as much about religious matters as a cat knows 'about Greek verbs. The common idea is that the testator made the bequest in a playful mood, and forgot to cancel it. 