A PROFOUND MYSTERY. CHAPTER X. IN TWO BOATS. 'He'y means'.C'ptain- Hrammoud;' thotight Trixy ' rHeis jealous of him as sure as agun, HIow lucky: ve met him at Macrooni 'And yet,' again resuied tihe baro; net, witli:a faint smile; 'I don't tuite dispair I am'sure Miss~ Stuart, I have no real cause.' : : No- -o--I-think iiot ' falterTd Miss Stuart. '.And when I address mnysrlf to your father iind mother-as lslishall very soon-you thinlk, Miss S:uhrt,thcy will also favourmy suit?? . ' They` favour- his suit !': thboughtl Trix. ' Good heavens: abjve,. was ever earthly inodesty like this young man' c' But aloud, still, in tlhe trembling tones belitting, the occ'asio,- ' thiink sli .-I know 'so-Sir Victor-lt will be only too much honor I -iln sure.' 'And oh, Miss .Stuiart=?eatrixIif you will allo:w re to call you so -you think tatll when I spealt, when I ask I shall be accepted . 'fe is a fo!,o thouglit Bnatl:ix,' with ali inward burst 'a bashful, ridiculous fool! '-VWhy- i the naime of ill that is Stion lik;el a anlne:-idars- done? ?witlf: :it '- Bashhilness i.. all very ivell?: nobody likes a littlo of it better thlin'' do; but there is no use running it to the ground.' ' You are silent,' pursued Sit Victor. ' Miss Stuart .-it is riot possible that I am too late-that there is'aniy previous engagemenit 'Call me Beatrix, Sit Victor ; I like it best front trionds--fron-sfrom you. No, there is" no previous engagement, and'-- archly this-' I am quite sure Sir Victor Catheron need never a fear a refusal.', 'Thanks I' And precisely as another young gentleian was doing in the shadow of the Tore, Sir Victor did in the shadow of the Eagle's Nest. He lifted his fair companion's hand to his lips and kissed it. After that, of. course, there was silence. Trixy's heart ivas full of joy pure, uniadulterated joy, to bursting, Oh, to be be out of this, and, able to tell pa, end ma,and Charley,and Edith, and everybody ! Lady Catheron !. Bea. trix Lady Catheron ! No, I cannot describe 'Trixy's feelings. There are some joys too intense aind too sacred for the Queen's English. She shut her eyes, and drifted aloig- in that blessed little bot in a speechless, ecstatic trance. An hour later, anid as the clocksof Killarnicy were 'striking ten, Sir Victor Catheron helped Trix out of the boat, and led her up,-.still silently, to the hotel. At the entrance lie paused, and said the only, disagreeable thing lie had had uttered to night. ' One last favour, Beatrix,' taking her hand, anidgazing at her tenderly, 'I must ask. Let:, what 'has passed, remain betweenitus for a feiv days :lon ger.' I had ratheryoix nolt spealkof it to your, parents My aunt, who has "Morant still'of my' feelin s-tst te-"ier' \- right that infor hi.lerf-irst' Onllf'a few daysmorei?then all the worid dkiny ' a Very well, Sir: Victor,'' Beatrix answered, demnurely;' as you please of course, 1 shan't spak ot it to pa or nia. Good night, Sir Victor, good night.' -% May Itell Miss Stunrt gave the baronet's hand a little squeeze. But were they not engaged lovers, or as good ?-and is not it permitted engaged lovers to' squeeze each other's right hand So they parted. Sir Victor strolled a ayi to smoke a cigar iii the moonlight,'and Miss Stuart with a beautiful face " swept ip stairs, heor high-heeled New York gaiters click clickin? over the ground- Lady Cathe, ron--Laidy C.theroi ! Oh what would all Fifth Avenue say to this ? Sleep was out of the question--it was'bpen to debate-whether she would ever sleep again. She would go and see Edith-yes, Edith and Charley had got home before her--she would go and see Edith. She opeiied the door, and gsent in with a swish .of silk and patchou!i. The candles were unlit. Miss Darrell,. still wearing her hat and scarlet wrap, sat ati the windo a' contemplating the hean, venly bodies: 'All in tiledarkDithlv, and tlliinckis by tile sweet silver lighyt of the mnoon l Oh Edie !isn't it just. the helavenliest nigh"cF : .......... - ,Is that what you came lhere to Say, Miss Stuart?' . "Don'tI e iinpationt, there's a dear; I wanted to tell you how .happy i an, and wvllat a delicius; dc-li'ci.o-,s,' said TrIxs daigging odn the svs -t syl!lales 'sail I. hiav had. 0li, Edie' how I, eijoyed myself ! Did you ..: :1.. ' Lmiiensaly,' EThtis anserd w . its brief ilitteriinesF, ati hosnetlisi in lii tonem ae Ir k er inor cosery -. .' anm stupid E E n ahea a'lces. ' E'ciuse mc- teriR b;T tt I asi goicg to lied,' ' tait just ontis inosent Oh, IElithi with a 'teat iurst ' I caiiibiot keepit I will die if I doinot tell soneb od5 OhihEl?iich !cI' Elith wish:..?c :ju oyLSir Victdr hisa?prob ed: ': : She could iay just that uwobrd thei , Oh ycc:?.Edith ou0t -'.n the boat :;tO niht: Oh,; Edith l:: I am so hapoy vant to jump --I want ;:to dance--I feel wild ' s itli delight i Justa think of it- think uf it: Trixy Stuart: will be bbs haR'in d turin'd: of :o dead white speech lie' with thhd): shol -oi-k in "a Si s 'bi tdual to spea or.l isovii ',:e is most aw:fully gravii:s s iotth uh iis talio speaiking to pa and nma, and Lady Helena wiheri ivegot to Eitgland:-But, perhaps, that is the way the , British aristocracyv ake :love. `He asked me if there was any previous engagenient, and: any fear of ad refusal, and that rubbish. I don't sete,' eclaimed.Trixy, growin?isuddlenly aegreived; 'why .he c couldn'tspeak out likea hero,, and be dond with it, He is had encouragement enough, goodness knows !' . .Somethihng" Idiarous in -the last words struck Edith-she burst out laughing. Butd somehow, tbo- Iaugi seemedsunnatural, and her lips felt stiff and stEianige:.'i ": . . ' .:. r ?. You are as hoarse as a raven and Sa pale as a ghost;' said Trix;' 'that is I wirhat icoies of ::sitting;. in draugits, looking at the, moonshine;: I am aw tfully happy, Edith; and when I: an:m r Lady Cathliron you shaill cotm and Sive With ine alrways-always, you dear ol.d darling, just, like a sistor? And Isoume day you..will ibo my_ sister: in reality, and Charley's wife.' :Elie flung her arsms :round Edith's f ecki and gi.ve her a rptiirous ihug, Edith Darrell unclaspet her ,'arms and pushed her-away. 'J am tired, TrixcuI anis c:ld.' Shi shi ered froi h 'ad to foot *' a ant "'Her" lips: kept th-ath ttrangq fIeeling' of, ci. tlnei?ss?her. fae hlad,-lost::every trace of colonr., 0;,O- to be alone aind free from Trix'! 'You, say it as if you did nriot, sid Trix, 'indignantly getting up- and moving to the door. You look hilf frozen, and as white as" a sheet, I should advise you to. shut the window and go to bed. She was gone. Edith drew a long breath-a long, tired,,heavy sight. So, that was oi?ver, Aid Tiixr after all.: Trix after all ! How strangely it sounded--it stunned her' Trix after all, and she madesure it was to be her self. He had looked at, her, lie lihad spoken to her, as he had never lookid or spoken to Trix. . His colour had risen like: a girl's at her coming-she had felt his heart bound- as she had ;leaned on his arml And it was. Trix after all ! She had laid her arm on the window sill, and her face down upon it, feeling sick—sick—that I should have to write it, with anger and envy. She was Edith Darrell the poor relation, the pbor relation.still-and Trix was to be Lady Catheron. SA pretty heroine !' cries sone. gentle reader, looking up angrily, .' a nasty, envious, sellifts creature. Not the sort of heroine we are-used to.' Ah ! I know thatn-one bette-r but then, pure and perfect beings, who are ready to resign their loves -and thusbands to make otiher women' happy, are to be found in-books, and no.. where elsei. And thiuking it over, and putting yourself in her place, honestly now, wouldii' you have been envious yourself7-- . - A' nd after todni'ht? we will .have . rest, tliatik heaven , iid iiiy pilgriinag?~ will dome to an end A fdrtniesght at .Powyss: Platce, before .you go 'eupf, to :f ieus :f said L;ady ? lena'Powyss, egiht'days later sseated luxuriously in the first-class carriige, and flying aloen by express traini betweeln Duiblin and Kingstown et, route for. Cheliire, Thiey had done the south of Ireland; linishled the lakes, spest a pleasant half week in Dublin, and now in the light of the May afternoon were flying along to mceet the Channel boat.. Captain Hammond was 'one of the party still, and included in the invata tion to Powyss Place. Ho sat beween Latdy Helena and Sir Victor now Miss Stuart in clharming travelling costumie in the sunny. seat next.. the window-on the opposite seat, at the other extreime end, -~st Miss Darrell, her eyes riveted on the pages of a book. Eince that night in the. boat Miss Stuart had , quietly, lut resolutely, taken possession of SirVictor. Heo was hers- nshe had the right--if a gentl' e man isi modest to a fault, may not I lady overstep by an itich or two the line M lrs Grundy drawn, and meet liim Ilnaf way I There is an adag'ablout helping a lane dog over a.stylo- that o eotk of mercy is what Trixy is -doing now. ?3efore she left her room on theO enesuiin morninsg fo!lowing that nivers to-be-forgoi 'tihn ightl,. Etit.h had ei-i teredt, and takei Trix iic her arms irid kissed her... .... ,I wias stupid au-I out of sorts last niiglut, Triy,' slie hatl said; ':if I seesied churlish 'I ask your pardo'n, d ar, iill all my heartr,. , was sueprised, I don'i miind owniinouhat, and -perhaps ·little en~,vious! i But all tlhat is over now. ant' I do wislh you ':jy and :,npp.ness: from th'hbotltom bf my:henri' Yo's .are the esat aiud .. 7 "i ohi : t wh t::; r"ide v hEril:th-ir o?'-I Ared hlo c? a h ter ot s lie led elec'sh?lteeici nEr his col/delttoe iian;t to ntarr Trii . ~VlWh;t a :fool sli miht liai.:d niade dof heIrself:iad sihe been a swhii less prouad lanslit he iis.: .Sincthet-ti she sad l ato0ded.hii m-s-iii no nisarked intuner, pfierhlipa ; t uethue had avoided him. ti. stlrslhould pour ,nore fa'siily eSnfidences is ti e r eiar- ' that .she resolved. :l. "elnged t Trix ; let hitn?lalk to Troixi, the he II Wanted no otiher girlif lover. :i :If lie felt this avoidance he gave :io sim.s Perhtaps he thuaghtm Miss Stuart had dropped souse hint -"girhi;.a debsipi itheir promises, h!ave ibeen ,knowniil to do such ::things-ss nd this charge: wvas ..c.omi, taumilly' reserve. :i None?of f)eidestote e alto ,,sii,' , .t tir -Oi1,ellr. h fit w.ay fdr titui.Leey a -unreitiatifi t.;" a ttie'tiocis ro esist erly, of <o urs. lI ta . r fti g tl ftit a erdin 1 :'" ;il coniplaice 'icy. " Ti-frindshiimt ltwcenr I Miss Dait-l?ut lie eti Chirle i had come to' an- end that' is :to sa; they rhitlier- liept aloft frofm i'eah iother. Beyond the most :ordinary at tention in the iiworldMri Carles Stuartisi?eimed to have nothing what ever to say to his cousiii., This was., as :iit should be. Certainly Beatrix must . have dropped thlati;ery judicious hint: He was glad lie had spoken to her., `. - -Thoy .reachhd :?King"to0W n in' the early twilight; and emnbarked. It was rough ,-:crossing, of course. Trix was seized with 'the agonies of sea-sickness once mior. '. Edith "vaited ;:upon" her S:siduously. "Mrs; Stuart. and Lady Helera had a stewairiess apiece. I Happily, if seiere, it wasshort: Before midnight they were; at Holyhead, and ini the train' once more-then off,flying thirough "Wales" whirling 'through mountains, illuminated glass stations, the broad sa .to their left, asleep under the star.s :tCe'spiay' at times almiost in their faces= past yilliages, riins,castlesl .and cottages ,laird at two iiin the morn. ing thundering into the. big station, at '1 Chester. TwIo cariiages awaited them at the Chester statiion. Inf one. entered . Mr and .Mrs Susart, Sir Victoi, and Bea- i.trixi into the' other Lady Helena; LEdithi:-Chrley,; uand Cliptain Hame? mend: -. hey ;droice: away .tliroihi quiet, quaint C tar- rare oldyeity&of; scenhes in ,a:.thcatre tou merican eyes; gliinpses of the peaceful Dee,' glimiipses of Bdrlyan Park,with its stately villas, sway. for miles over a country, road, then Clhesholm, at three in the morni, ing, silent and asleep.p -Presently an endless stretch of ivied wall appeiers in .view, enclosing a piniueval- forest," it seems to Edith, aund Lady,. Helena sils up and rubs her eyes, and says it was Catherori Royals.- . The giil leans' forward and' strains her eyes, but can make nothing in the darkness, save.that long line of wall and waving trees. 'This is to be. Trixy's home,' she thinks. ',Happy. Trixy . half an hour more of rapid driving, and they: are 'at Powyss ilace, and their journey is at end. They emerge from the chill darkness of dawning iday into a blaze of light, into a vast anid stately entrairce-hall. 'A long file of servants are drawn up to receiv~c'theim, andt ' Welco?ie to Powyss Place,' Lady Helena says, with' kindly curtesy. ' I can' only wi,h your, visit may be as. pleasant to you as you made mine in New York.': Withobut changirg their dresses, they are ushlered into a lofty and lhandsome dining-room, More brilliant lights, more silent, respectful servants, a round table luxuriously spread.. They sit down, forget ithey. are tired and sleepy, eat, drink, and are merry, and it is ive--quite' day-before they ara showin up to their rooms. . Then hasty disrobing, hasty lying down, aid all are at peace in the land of dreams. .Next day, somewhere about noon, Miss Stuarti clickug." along- in .her :iarroiw-soled, .., preposterously' high-. .leeled -,Iots,,over .. :polished oakei, corridor as black as 'boony,' and seib?ril Sdegrees'-more lsppery an., ellpt hserfooti" 'as miaght be iinagined,'sI i d .cane 'dow; .with an uinearthly screech, on one i n iie Ofs course the gakle was spra- iied, of course?overy' orne flew to the rescuie. Sir' Victor.was first on the field. and' in Sir: Victor's arms Miss Sluart was lifted,ind bore 'back to her room. L uckily_.it was inear, or even. Sir T'itor's chivalry and muscular develop meiit would not have been 'equal to it, for Trix was a 'fine wcman.'(you know what that imeans),. 'and,' one hundred ana- fifty :pounds avoirdupois.. The ankle was bathed and then bandaged, the invalid's breakfast ' broulht. up, everything done for her. comfort that it was possibli to do, und in the midst of their fussing, having cried a great deal, Miss :tuart suddenly dropped, olf asleep. Edith cann, out of the rooni, looking pale andl tired. In the slippery passage she encountered Sir Victor COatheroi wsaiting.... 'I have' iaylaid you on purpose, Miss Darrell,' lie said. 'smiling,-' lest you should meet with a mishap; too. A carpet will be'placed hero itunmeiately. You look dreadfully pile are you ill ' Thi was solicitude in :his ;face, a tremulous, suppressed anxiety in the coinnmonplace question, alookl in his eyes that- hand no .lJnsiness'in ih e yes olf another young lady's betrothled , iut Editi laooked too faggid and spiritless just at present to notice:. :-. . ".lifeel well euiotghu-fiothliigg ?s emer the 'iiiattedr Swith' na-. but i amn: rather st~ipid" Stupidity,' she said, iith hier old laugh,"' is'fast becoming mny. normal.htate.. . 'Y?oin Will coam; wit, mn f'o a walk" vill you iaiot lie".ssk,,d. ' Thei p ik is . li 'wails seeia '.?'iorrow, M is:.'Stuhrt' ursi rin mttiii we volidiat 'b jealo??u :sini.il ' hat dif fereni' did it mkel for th?t 'niatt: I (To be contiiauad.T , 