TEAHSFOBHED. by mi CHEEYEE GOODWIN. " Then ycuare not acquainted with Celia? ■' j 'said Dexter, disappointed. ^ A shade passed over hia face. { No, I am not acquainted with Celia Ad- j dington. I have not seen her einco she was ! ! a child.",rephed'hejinf low'tone. . j [ *'Butyon sawher then 1" cried Dexter, with j joy at this new bond between them. " Yon will.be interested to know how lovely she is now,.and will let tne talk to you-about her, I will yon not ?. She will seem nearer to me, and ' notEb utterly lost, if I may." . Tee, yes 1" eaid Mr.. Ellison, eagerly. "Tell me all yon knowofker!" Then he looked Bearehingly at him, and suddenly held oat hisliand, and said earnestly, " Yon love her.' 1 will do all in my power to help you unravel the mystery that separatesyou. : Dexter pressed his hand warmly, and ioiinih some way, a little comfort in the words. AaMr. JSiiison did not explain farther | in regard to hiB ecquaintsnbe with Jerome Addington, Dexter forebore to question him. ..But alter this the f alkbetween them , was always of Celia. The elder man seemed never weary of listening, any more than the younger was of talking. But neither could find's clue $6 the ehigma of her strange de cision, " I do not believe the reason, is a real one, though she, poor child, believes it to be," Mii EllisonsaiiTmany times.' ''It is some thing he has jjdade her think—though what— or why " . \- And here he would fall into a reverie, and j a dark frown would come over bis face. He advised Dexter, however^ to ascertain Mr. Addington's whereabouts, if possible; and, ■ although the young roan could see npgood -^jich'wonld reshit .if:.he learned them, since ^liah^dedli^d her resolve nnalterable, he,j finally..v^qtfe tb hisdathfcr, requesting him to find out where the Addingtons had gone if he■ oould,.or.any -^qidQ to ,their present abode. ^Hktmg deagatahfe'H this letter, he grew so im-! patient for a reply that be could hardly wait the rter.AKRR.rv interval. i le hop|4is there seemed in any^venti: of knowing jast where GeUa was i|lfer& trifle nearer to, him, since;' : tjian: nothing to be certain of >nte";He ■was dobmed' to disap-' • josnf&ptl;^&jwver;, His vtsther; replied; prohife^"an&^^^.d tliat he had foiiiia>iid j lawyM'.hut that1 Jd he\^was ^ith" hie former*1 (G^jnceseht plahS^riplddh^!; that he JjSi&Bt.goEe; to mar. Yiofe. but had after warfmoved from.mSt city, since when all bnsiness relations had ceased between them. ! Mr. Hatt wick aided to "his own opinion that the lawyer's mariner was evasive, and that it was evident Mr. Addihgton, for some rea son, did not wish it generally kaownwhyre he had gone. Dexter took this letter rather gloomily to his friend. "As I thought," the latter remarked, when he had read it. " Jerome Addington fears yon?, and has. taken'.precautions to prevent yp,uj.\fi)llpwipg him, ehould, you wish to do so; • '■ He1 ;is i determined to keep you and j08lia"ajSai:t. 'Bat do not be discouraged, iffly,"deai'boy.' "We will dad him out yet" i jj Bdthow 2" asked Dexter. 'Mr: Ellison reflected.'' , / J ir ,;"f,think I will write to this lawyer," here (plxedj? at length. , "IS is probable Mr. Ad dington's instructions related particularly to those who might have shy cnnnectiih 'with yq^'.'j'.if I,' A strahjger ;frdm a distant city, Wratecto'him,! may -obtain some informa tion;" ! ' " And if .you do ascertain where she is, what then!'' asked Dexter, wistfully. Mr. Ellison laid his hand on his ehonlder as lie responded kindly':-^;, ■ ,'j I " Wh will. be guided by cirpumstancea. I have a plan which I will disclose when the proper time sballoome. Until we have tried• do not despair." His asEured manner made Dexter feel a little hopeful. ' " How can I ever repay yon if yon should be the means of giving my darling back to .me 2" he . cried with an outburst of feel ing Mr. Ellison replied only by an enigmatical look which Dexter could not fathom. Yet it some way seemed to add to his confidence in his new friend'p power. ■ The letter was written at once., and Dexter had just dropped it into a post-office box, and . was about to cross the street, when his heart suddenly stood still, then beat again in heavy thumps. For, walking slowly along on the opposite side of the street, he saw Mr. Ad dington and Delia I Neither observed him, and Dexter gazed again oh that dear face from which the former warm color had gone, and could see how melancholy , had changed places with , the old misebiieTOnsness in heir A horse's head in close-proximity to his own roused him to a sense of his environ ments, and,: stopping not to hear the curses of the driver, Dexter rushed across the street, and followed on after Delia and Mr. Adding ton, keeping, however, at. a safe and cautious distance. His heart bled at the ravages the past few months had made upon her he loved so well, and notwithstanding the air of devotion which was apparent in Mr. Ad dington, Dexter felt hatred toward him as the cause. V : But he was surprised at catchiag a look of questioning fear upon Delia's face onoe when she tarned it toward Mr. Addington. He had never before seen anything but confi dence and affection-in her regard. What could'it mean? Was it'a sequence of the mystery 7 , He followed them until they turned into a side street, then stood: at the corner long enongh to mark the house at which they entered; after which he hurried back to Mr. Ellison's place of business; and hurriedly and somewhat incoherently informed him ol what had happened. . : j Mr. Ellison's exeitem'entwas as great as J his own, bat he calmed himself with an • effort. ; • ' " ' . "Fortune/has favored you, my boy," he said, with a-tender lingering upon the- last two words; ''Now will yon trust me and take i my advice?" " Yes," was Dexter's eager reply. " Then go—the sooner the better—and de-! rnand of Mr; Addington, as your right, a reason for Delia's abrupt dismissal of the man whom she promised to marry. i . "J will," said Dexter, firmly. "Oood. I will go with you."- . ; ] -:i "Yon2" surprised. " Yes. I think I mpy^have some influence - with Jerome Addington." " Dexter felt a strength at this assurance which he had not before, although he under stood so little what be meant. That afternoon they both stood together at the. door, of the present home of Delia.' An elderly woman answered their ring, whose face indicated suspicion and ill temper.' She had been selected to take old Margaret's place for these very characteristics, probably, thongbt Dexter. She eyed them.- sullenly as she informed them that Mr. Addington was out.' * " We will go ip and wait nntil he.returns," said Dexter, quietly, and pushediiis*:way by tier through the half open door.' lit. Edison followed, .and they both stepped into the parlor. ' ' Well," snarled the woman; entering after them," perhapB I'd better sfend for^a police man. Yon ieame into the bouse "more like thieves than honest men. I tell you my master is but, ^iid I don'iknow when he will be in." - " You "can watch us, if you are afraid. Of. our stealing anything,""said Dexter. "But we intend to wait here until Mr. Addington returns." :x.~ " What's your business ?" she demanded. "Our business is with Mr. Addington," said Mr. Ellison, calmly. The woman glared at them, mattering something, then bounced oat and left them. The.two men exchanged a look, but neither spoke. Daxter leaned against the piano, and Mr. Ellison, after .walking-about nervously, seated himself in a low chair in a corner where he happened to stop. He had hardly done so when Mr. Addington stepped in at the door and stopped on the threshold, his face paling as his eyes fell-oh. Dexter, '"The fcaok of a large arm-chair screened Mr. Elli son from his yiew. " It is you, then, is it ?" said Mr. Adding ton, as soon as. be could recover himself enough to speak. Then he carefully closed the door,.and, standing before it with.folded arms, fixed upon Dexter a look of undisguised hate, as he went on: ."You have come to persecute my niece, I suppose. It is manly to follow and annoy a helpless girl 1 But you will find it is I with whom you will have to deal, not her." ■ "I have sot come with the purpose of per secuting any one," returned Dexter,"Bteaaily, and not shrinking under the gaze of the ether. " It was accident alone which brought to my. knowledge the fact of your presence in this city. But I am not satified to be dis missed as I have been without the least ex planation. I know Celia loved me even when ihe sent me away. For her sake—to spare her pain—I went. But of you X demand the reason which caused her to do as she did. 1 am not willing to submit without knowing all, bsoause the happiness of my life is in volved." . Mr. Addington regarded-him intently with out answering, and appeared to be debating within himself. Finally he asked,— " Will you be satisfied and leave Us alone if t^giva you a fuli; explanation 1" , " If the facts justify it." • "4s{&r.;: A&}&>gtoh was about to respond, the door behind him was pushed " gently open. ■ " Do not come in," he cried abruptly, bat too late.. Delia had seen Dexter, and leaned against the door pale and trembling. There was anguish and reproach in the eyes'sfae allowed •to rest on those! of her lover. ■ He, no less moved, had difficulty in restraining himself from going to her- arid clasping her in. his arms. Mr. Addingt'on st'ood irresolute, gnaw ing his fingers. Hfo-oae noticed Ellison, who still remained ponoeslpd, behind .the, chair in hie accidental seclusip?!. - Gelia was" the first to break the silence. '/ "It was cruel to us both' ifr come, Dexter," said she, piteously'. " I tblcl you there was no hope. Ah! why Will you make it-eo hard— so hard?' Her voice broke and she burst into tears. At this Mr. Addington said sternly,— \- " You see, young man, the misery your pre sence causes. That this scene may not be repeated, I will accede to your demand. Celia. dear, he came to insist upon knowing everything, and i,now think it best that he should." His tone changed to gentleness as be ad dressed her. Endeavoring to suppress her sobs, she replied,— " You wished the secret kept, and so, too did.I. But I—I think he has a right to know." At this Mr.'Addington turned again to Dex ter.' ■ '" It is a painful disclosure," he commenced with a harsh, grating sound in his tone; "I yield to its being drawn from me that she need he no longer troubled by your solicita tions. To be brief, my brother's wife, Celia's mother, died a victim to hereditary insanity, which for generations had (never failed in its prey. In a sane intery aLbef oreher death she ,naa,de me promise that her daughter should never marry, but that the curse might end with her. You know 'now wby; 1 tried to guard her by etrict seclusion froth tW'pbssibility of .alove affair," . Dexter stood .mute with horror., He saw that Celia was right; that the barrier between them was findeert, impassable ;' but worse even ihftn chat was 'fhe thought bf'such a fate hanging like a suspended swbrd above, the .bead of the womau he loved.. He forgot Mr. Ellison, and everything except that remorse j less hand of destiny. " You understand now, Dexter, how wrong I we were to love,'"said the plaintive voice of i Celith Her fade was bidden in her handker [chief. A stillness followed the words. i I " Why have yon told her this story/Jerome Addington ?" It was a strange voice to two there that broke the silence1aBd.Celia looked np startled j to see a gray head rising behind the large arm-cjiMr. She gaye a .cry.of [surprise and fright, bat surely she Trad no reason to fear the lookhbe met, which' waB land almost to tenderness, and1 protecting.. -jDexter, recalled to a knowledge of Mr. Ellison's presence, [looked at him wistfully, wondering what, his words meant, bat hot daring to hope. Upon' Mr. Addington the effect bf this sadden ap parition of annnsuspseted fourth inrtho in terview was strangely.!, marked^ He- started back, and then, as his eyes -searched the face, recognition cameinto. hiaown, and he stared at him appalled, as if he had seen a ghost. 1 "I see you rememberme, although it is many yeare sines we, have met,,and I have changed much since then," said Mr. Ellison, quietly. " I had hot intended to play the listener here. djut, as it so happened I took advantage of the oireuiirstanees. Had you faithfully discharged your .trust," you would have had n6 reason .to fear. me .as you do now." ■' ' • Mr. Addington had lost every particle of self-possession.. He east a fearful glance aroi^i^ahdijis eyes' were full of anguish as, thejFT^te& on the .wondering Celia. ; " I thought you were deaf long ago, Amos Ellison," he stafemered; ^' Why/have you; come to interfere now 1 Eembmber - your; "promise." . ' ^rv.: '■]>; : ;a-: " When Iter happiness is at stake, that pro mise is nothing," was the deeded reply.; and Mr, ElliBon came and' stdod in the centre of. the room, " Was not the sacrifice 'alitor her welfare V' he cotil^ued.~ >y^hn:havemadeif necessary that she should know the truth now. ,,j¥hyxycft;^ve.dp;i^.,^$oa havp, I do not ^khbw,i nrii'ess, it % for some' reason so mohstrouB that I .shrink from believing it." ' /: [- <" Mr. Aldington's head dropped, and the per spiration started : out: of Ins, tepiples.,. Mr. EUison turned from him toCelia, [and -con tinned in a different tone,— " My child; willyoa try and think as kindly as possible of the reyelations;I have[to make to you ? Be prepared for a great surprise. I must first say a few words about myself- I have all my life been an unforcnnateman. . I grew dfeconraged finsdly, and after %ty dear wife died; rather tbah'allowkny childto be involved in "the fate which seemed mine, I gave her' to another—a rich man.who could, rescue her-from the life of toil she would have had with me, and give her the*advantages I knevf welll myself never-'couldiohtain fcr her. My own feelings. I put asideor hear sake, and bore patiently the sorrow,of her loss. Celia, you are that child,-and I am your father." • " ' /' Gelia cast a bewildered glance around, and then something in-her heart responded to the appeal in Mr. Ellison's eyes, and she^wentte him. - ; t. r*, ' • " I am glad yon have' come to rhp, my father," cbeerndgenttyi"^ ^ - . Mr. Ellison's iaoe was transfigured as he put his arms round her.; Something .of the look was reflected in Dexter's, who now seemed to see a glorious the "clouds. All the truth dawned ^upoh' him, as it had ntft yet upon Gelia. ; ** 1 do not guite seehow it aUis," sLesaid, after ar moment of silence. "You are my father—then .you must be my uncle's "bro ther!'" /,;vf-j-v. : She lookedinquiringly at'Mr. Addington, jbut he did not speak or glance up; , . "Do you .-.understand,.;, dear?"; said Mr!. ElUeon. . V Mr." A.ddihgtqh is——" . " Stop 1" commanded Mr. "Addington. The pupils of his eye^ dilated so that the whole eye seemed black. " Est me be the one to tell her. That right I will have. Gelia have I ever been, anything bat kind to you?" " Never—never, dear unole," replied the astonished girl. ' Then for the sake of the affection which has ever existed between as, you .nan perhaps try and forgive the wrong I have done yon yes, for I have done you wrong. Listen, . Celia. Many years ago, when I was com paritively a young man, I was deoeived and betrayed by the woman I loved. This caused me to hate and despise the whole sex. Yet I needed affeotion,-and X took a fancy to take some Child and bring her up to be true and sincere, as I believed other women were not. Obance threw me in the way of your father, Gelia, a straggling, half frantic man, and you became mine. " As years went on, you grew dearer and dearer to me, as a child of my own might have been. My love was pure and honest then. . Bat when you cams back from sahopl, and I saw yon in the beauty of yonr woman hood, and knew yon to be all I had hoped, my ideal woman, th^h, Gelia, I remembered I was not your uncle, and loved you with a different love." - At these words Cslia shrank back close to her father, and covered her face with her hands. She comprehended now the looks of his which of late ha'd surprised and frightened her, and in her outraged feelings "forgot for the moment the shadow which bis revelation had romoved. , , - ' ' I-.loved you, Gelia,: with the passionate love of a man who might have had the right had not y ou believed' him to; be' your uncle," went bn Jerome Addington, while all listened intently, Mr. Ellison: with pity, and Dexter with horror. .,eIn my jealousy, I kept you eeclad.fi, as I thought, from the'chance of any lover, and I was already planning to win you to regard me in a different light from what you did, when I discovered in one ter rible moment that my precautions had been in "vain, and you. loved. In my Ogbny I re solved to separata you from him ^t All haz ards, and I did. I meant, when your, fanoy for him had gone, as I hoped it would in time, to tell yon the truth—that my brother's wife died insane, b'ut was mot yb'W mother, and that I loved you." Involuntarily, Ceua raised her eyes, thm irig with the gladness o! the few words which had momentarily ;blotted out all the others, to those of her lover, that responded with the same joy. Then she remembered Mr. Ad dington. A shadow crossed the .brightness of her face. She hesitated, then she said, fal teriDgly,— " Uncle—let me call yon uncle still, for 1 can never think of yon otherwise—for the sake of all that has been, I forgive you the suffering thaiyoa have caused, and—and— pity you." "My punishment is severe," ho returned huskily. " Some time the remembrance cf those words will comfort me, but now I can only remember that I have lost yon. That is penance enough for a thousand heavier sins than mine. Try and think of me-as I was. I leave you to those who have the right I have forfeited." Giving her a last look so full of wretched ness she never forgot it, he turned and went out of the room and out of her life forever. Tears came to her eyes as she gazed after him. " I have ho uncle now," she murmured sadly.- Then she threw her arms around Mr.' Ellison's neck. " But I have found a father!" ' " And I—am.I nothing?" asked Dester. " Yoh'a're foy'^onlibfo;" feift Mr. Ellison, and placed Celia's hand in his. • ^Slie '^toiled tfeongh heir'tears, and her face flushed/is it hadoiot for many a day, asDex "ter took h?r frpm her father's arms and drew her tp hiSjheart. .The olonds which bang over them Raised mftj,' and the bright sun was shining. " l>! ■ ( Concluded.) •Ssveral deaf persons in a Massachusetts rural community are circulating B petition praying the Lsgislasure to give them a hear , i°g. 