Haunted by an Initial. Iaws christened Paul Grover. The pat. aymic as an inheitance from reputable u tlO5 t the pptnomeu a coneeeson to my l teinal laosdse5r b5 h lit - htee n -etwite and piety, had swung to the latter a-reme' at the date of my nativity, and in 50 esfu . taettothaamt eat.Le I have neveru felt anydisposition to quarrel with my venerable proginitor on arcount of hi ,rtion. Paul is a g.,od enough name. sa I am more than ratistoed with it when I adder wamt be night have called me had I been born when the pendulum was at the other extrem. get my nother, like all solicitous women, ede to think of her first-born starting rat in life in light marching order, so she halicappd me with a superfluous name. ar cf all names in the world, what do you srppC?e it was t Ivanhoe. Paul Ivanhoe Is it necessary to state that she was of a smteenatal cast, or that Sir Waiter's heroes were the objects of her adoration f I have 2o diosition to quarrel with her, either; she eight have ramed me Osbaldistone. Pauing infancy, while I basked in the b'are of motherhood, Paul was a suppressed title The chimes of maternal fondness rang et in maternal changes from "Ivy" to " Tnar," and from " Vanny" to " Hoey," thoegh at times I was treated to a syntactic sympheny of those diminutives, as " Et 'er kiss 'e pooty toe Of mammy's Ivy-\anny-hoe." Bat when the cruel years had done. their sek, and the fond arms unelasped them. selr from the boy, no longer her baby, to let him go forth in the majesty of a jacket sa boots to his first encounter with the wold, my mother grew covetouns or distrnst islof the pet name. With all the solemnity, U not the ceremonials, with which the an. dats eoonferred arms upon their stripling r. she confided to me that my real name acs Paal. So a Saul I entered the lists. But the sea of maternal endearment had echoed b.yoad the nursery. My playmates were aware of my intercalary name. They re sated the attempt to foist Paul opon them as an imposition; they declined to crcept Irresh as a wholo or in its subdivisions; bat with the fell malignity of youth, they \--aned my fall title-Paul Iranhoe Grover -cad discovering the initials to be suscep. thde of that constrn?tion, they nicknamed me "Pig." If the roll of lapsed experiences is ever caled over again, the ghost of one awetrhed boyhold will be heard answering to the name of Pig Grover. The temporary indignity passed away, but thesereility still adhered to me; until man aoo I revrentty wrote my ramrce " Paul I. Gr.err." Then an awakening came. Why, I thought, should I burden myself longer rJhthismiserable initial? It was given to me foruitously, and has brought me nothing but humiliation and tears. My mother, be holding my chirldish misery, repeated in sackeloth that she everbestowoe it upon me; n ocremony san:tified it, no record legalised it. I will cast it away forever. Henceforth I will bhe only, and wi'l sabecribe myself, imply, Paul Grover. Ard so I wrote it; but most of my cor zepondeats ignored the elimination, and ontinued to address me as Paul I. Gro SThere is notbing so annoying as to e bafedin a berishedpnrpose. I had st y. hbut upon eradicating therdnndant ap pedttion from my life, but it rose before me costa:ttly like a vengeful apparition. The sigh:of the olstinate initial at length so ex topeaued me that I prepared an encyclical lttoer in which I informed all whom it might concern that my name was Paul Grover, and nothing else; that there was no baptismal araort for thresting upon me any other title, and 1 ast of all the personalpronoun I (bv which I was stigmnatised with grattitnas =Irimity). as I never had any middle name f which it was indicative, and was pers?ta!ly so destitute of Egotism as to render it ab. srd!ly inapplicable to me. My manifesto had the dts red effec It laid the ghost as 'tec-ally as the customary holy rites could bare c'one. I triumpha-'tly subscribed my. elf Paul Grover; no sign of the murdered iitial came back to me from any direction.. G!ancing carelessly through the columns ef a morning aper, the following advertistc met: 7"i 'Iaul I. Grover willcsmmunicate with "oedn, etchel and Iowe, attorney;-atlaw t13 D street, he will hear of tsometllng to hi There was no d:ub: in my mind that I was the prson deoignstcd; but there was a doubt as to what was advisable to be dote. Afct having ceremonionsly abjured one de. ied initihal, should I confess it before the world, simply because it held out to me prtmis of advantage It would be a re m-tatihn so tase I felt I never could stoop te it, Bu, c tho other hand, had I a right 'to reolt againt the eternal law of compen ios I was justly entitled to repaaticn for te slfferirg the detestel initial had aed me, ad here- at last might be my full demnity Could I, in duty to myself, reject e Periferd atonement for the ske of a ?.n Pnrejdice With characteristic in. detclon, I was three days ccming to a con a. 2Ur. Jordan was j-st boweing a gen. tmuna out whon I entered the office. O.?h papers will he ready tc-morrow, Ir. Ittr cu.ll at two," he said. I theght he addressed me and wondered wry he sanld thus Plunge h(auloog into bancas bcfre I had eean introduced my. ; h, ,olacking up at his bland face, I saw at spePaking to the otherindividual. The ,rt??ity o names cause me to examine the hte rdith some interest as he pa?sed out of the der,. Ieva about thirty.fve, gaunt ttd arcdr. I did not like his looks. Jo ý,r, SIrI am at your service," said Mr. t :,tntrttnting me. ot w advrettisd for Paul I. Grover to call a Tr `re ; that is my rame," I replied. ierstio dan gave a little start, which was est if the at it might have been a larger tif ere ad not been a ratchet in him tetneer at sopped and b a:3ced himat rp. PuFe. lie made an inarticulate ex uo·-- qualified anort--passed his td armlosti over hir Smooth chin, looked azattit n ly,5seated himelf,and con -l h .PZ. at me soeadfartpy, ' Th' is extracrdinary-met exlraordin S I.etotis li Grover, aso," li fat. came three days age, -,e aentitr and the business is I eadvarn el toward settlement" t I inquire the nature of the bosi 'O.iaialy I there is no acrecy about it te oust n who has hled the grear ?.? thi~e *in the Wtst Itdiesis recently '"rmo0l leata the bulk of hs aestate ..... i danghter; bethe hes als be. eof, My tlousand dolar Q to Paul I. i-', taev lork, In order to plane him 'Pe? a osiitn of indepenlencee that he ty the daughter without any imputa 9 o il 0fert ry motives, though the be Puda? ..liio. d ;,ntl .i dn no wise de 'O2 t e, ume to it.q:ir the name of ,,r; Thoma3 Wackh ford." t ?-rdea istoery familir to me; he was r" . . rnd ot my mother. In fact 0 'oI ,-~,~"i o trude my confidernc itten h olere ac onlngement existed et- c m > (: time, but from some et : 4n 1" e atoihred ar but the I pa.ed.. ice r ohi chin tohlIghlelly, rdr? the room, panting atdlffereta't standpoints to gaze into vacancy, as if en. I deavoring to obtain a parallax by which to d measure the dimensions of some remote con tingency. "I foresee serious complications in this matter," he ffeally csid. "There is nothing I in the will to distinguish the rightful leratee beyond the weris ' Pal'l I. Grover, of New Turk.' The otathe r. Grover hba establiahed an indubitable claim to that title; I doubt not but you are able to do the same; then 1 will come the battle of the cames. Theout. look is a promising one from a professional standpoint. Yon tad best secureo counsel immedia'cly. Mr. Grover." "Is Miss Wa:kloford still in the West Indies ' "No; she is stopping at present with a distant relative in the city." 'Will you oblige me with her addresst1 I feel it a duty to call on her, entirely apart a from the matter of the wilL" He gave me the address, and I bode him gord-day. As I turned to go, he said " It might be well enoueh, Mr. Grover, to let me know where a line would reach you, in the event we should wish to communicate with you." I banded tim my card. He glanced at it and trade a feint, but the ratchet caught be. fore it developed into a full start. "I observe that your rams upon this card reads simply Paul Grover," he remarked, rather dryly. "Yes, I ordinarily put it that way for brevity's sake; but my full name is Paul I. Grover--r. I should say, rather, Paul Iran hoe Grover." "Doubtless, doubtless," he responded i ' hut it is inconvenient, to say the least, to have your card misprinted when you desire to prove oar identity." The tradition of the pre- historic engage ment between our parents was known to Miss Wackleford as well as to mysell I called upon her in due course. By Jove !-if it be permissible for an or thodox man to take even a cagan oath-by Jove I she was a magnificent creature I tall, lithe. animate-her features a field of snow swept athwart by swaths of night, and her eyes b'aring with a brillianre they must have caught from the sun at the equator. She never stopped to look or think if the almighty and indispensable I was on mycard or not. She kn:w me by intuition ; and the whirlwind in her nature, that levelled every thing e'se before it, swept the inheritance, and our love at fits. sight, and the final union, in tne great, revolving, indistiuguiihable mass, onward to a happy condlesion. I sought an oi.portunity, when I had measurably disengaged myself from the lo, ly cyclone, to remark " I apprehend some difficulty in establish. ing my rights; another claimant has fore stalled me." I was watching her intently, to see if my words aroused any doubt on her part. Doubt I There went a flash out of her eyes which would have consumed any object it had encountered like the blast from a com pound b:ow-pipe. "Who has dared to thrust himself between us " she exclaimed. 'I know nothing more," I answered, " than that I called at yourlawyers, Jordan, Setchel and Howe, yesterday, and was in. formed tLat an individual calling himselI Paul I. Grover had proved his identity,and that the settlement of the beq:est was awreaiy in an advanced state." "The impostor I he must b1 dealt with summarily." "Unfortunately, I have placed myself in a rather equivocal position. For reasons not worth ecp'aining now, I hare for soma yearn dropped my middle name, and it may not be an altogether easy thing to reestablish it." . S"What difference", t' shid, with one.ot her absolute gestures-"I. know you to oe the Mr. Grover for whom my fatherintended the legacy and myself. My voies lwi.t be a listened to in this affair. The suit, should a there be one, is mine bothby right and feel I ing-not yours. Give yourself n0 further concern about it.", There was an implication in her tode and manner that she thought mu too weiik to fight the suit, which I rcsented with the petulance of weaknees. "Oh, never mind;'" I staimered; "the thing isn't worth troubling yourself about." " Ds you mean," she said; sweeping down upon me in one of her-hurricane moods, "that I'm not worth your trouble ?". "I beg pardon, Miss W:a?kleford; I was alluding to the snit. - " Bat I'm alluding to myself ; do you ob ject tome " "No; on the contrary, I like you; but you rather confuse and awe me." "Then, you poor, timid child, We .ill'fight this thing to toe bitter end. I will stand in your stead throughout the whole affair." The case of "Grover rc. Grover, in r, Wackleforddeecated," is one of the celebrated causes of the Surrogate Court of New York. I was the plaint:ff. I ts'abFshed cnn elusively that I was Paul Grover-there was a bnptiv:nsl register to t:at < xtent; but when it came to proving my middle rame, the evidence ens only inferentinl. My larcut -long deceased--could not testify to the fact uf bestowing it upon me m:; and old nurse, whom we fished out of olscure re cess,sworeshe had al?ays heard me call:d tvy, or Vanny, or IIoey, but admitted, on cross-examcnaion, she eever had the faintest idea wi at it all meant; anda former sceool. mate deposed that I had been familiarly known in my boyhood as Pig Grover, but was forced to confes,, under cross-fire, that the epithet was conferred upon me without any rational motive, so far as he knew. In short,we were compelled torely on the fact that for some years I had used an initial In my signatureas our most material proof. The defendant proved his name fully. Bi the church r.cord ant by the b'azon of his whole life he aon entitled to be-called Paul I. Glover. Ilis middle name was Irving. I pardocedit, as less romantic and distin tingui.heI than mine, but miantainel an unabated hatred tooards its owner. After establishing incontestibly tte faIn!s claimant'a identity, the defence got in their most ctuel blow upon m-. They produrcel a copy of my tncyclieal letter. My own disinterested and delibteats statement rose up in evidence against me, and aso re ceived as conclusive; the ease was decided against me ; hutbvthe only stroke.of good luck in tte wholenaffair, 1 managed to escape indictment for perjury. "Well, they bare got the fillfty thousand but they haren't got me," was Miss Waoekle. ford'i ecosnlatory remark at the cenclusion of the trial . b. " No, it might be.wot-' even than, w5a' it is," lacceled. "May-I askyou if you have any intention I ofprosecuting your claim to the reaidue of my fatlhers b:quest '" I'm not quite sure, Miss Wackleford, i that I fully comprehend you." "l The filly thouEand, aoa know, was simply t intended to lace you in a otteion of com- a parative independence; I and my fortune were considered the principal egacy." "I ftar I have so demeaned myself in en dravoring to prove my identity in the trial just over that succrns in the other cause .eould be quite a hop."ltsi" "Nosw, not't, be a kward, add make re- y narls tthat rfItctupon me. We fought tiat cuase together, recollect. BIut the other Ellit cc hoas't to-be tried i-foiu any stupid magis- ci trste orjury. myaylt am tobe tIe oudge A f the law and the aco ti t at k Cas. Just I c institute 'the ,:oper preesddings, and see ba how quicly you will get a favorable ver. diet." "May I, then, D ana, indtcl hope" l': opt indeed I as if there was er r a time you couldn't have bal me for the asking. But only en one solemn condiion, PuLE" " Nameo it " th n r " That ycu resume th nm to?Lhid the court ha decided yon have n titloe?.- - "1 should think you would loathe it by" thistime." - " On the contrary, I adore it, I hbare woa shipped it all my life. I reverenced yond mothrr for- conferring-upon. yeou such a charm. It filled my girlhood with romantic dreams of you beforewe nc met. Ivanhoel Paul Ivanhoe I corsider the possibilities of it. PanuL., that is Paul Firit;Paul IV. is Paul Fourth; Paul V., Paul Fifth. ,You will be quite a dynastr simply by virtue ,of your own title. Thenl van is Sclavanic for I John: and Paul John is equiralent to John Paul John, which will sakte you a namesake of Jean Paul Richter. Rally I cannotstop now to think of everything cembra-e in it; but it is a royal name, aul its potentialities will stretch on to infiity, 'm sure.'" The typhoon was beginning to rise; I knew t bhat I must fiually be whirled, before it like chaf ; so I hastened to surrender na. conditionally. :r "You may fix it as you please, Danne." < "Then order cards at once for Mr..and Mrs. P.Tanhoe Grover." And thus the name is'nritten, both male and female, until this dsy. : - 