EDITHA'S BURGLAR. This is the story of a wise little girl, who sat up as the protector of her timorous mother. Burglars are about, and one night, whilst her father is away, Editha hears sounds which convince tier that the ex pected burglar is come. To spare her mother she creeps downstairs aud interviews the interloper at bis work: — “ Don’t be frightened,” sho said in a soft voice. “ I don’t want to hurt you; J came to ask a favor of you.” The burglar was so amazed that lie actu ally forgot he was a burglar, and staggered back against the wall. 1 think be (bought at first that Editha was a little ghost. “ You see I couldn’t hurt y«*u if I wanted to," she went on, wishing to encourage him. “I’m ton little. I’m only seven—aud a little over —and I’m not going to scream, because that would waken mamma, and that’s just what I don’t want to do.” That did encourage the burglar, but still be was so astonished that lie did not know what to do. “ Well, I’m blowed,” he said in a whisper, “ if this ain’t a rummy go ” —which was ex tremely vulgar language; but, unfortunately, he was one of those burglars who, as Miss Lane said, “ had not any advantages," which is, indeed, the case with the majority of the burglars of my acquaintance. Then be began to laugh, in a whisper also, if one can laugh in a whisper. He put his hand over his mouth, and made uo noise, but he laughed so hard that he doubled up and rocked himself to and fro. “ The rummiestgo,” he said, in his unedu cated way. “An’ sho huin’t a-goiu’ to ; urt me. Oh, my heye !” He was evidently very badly educated, in deed, for he not only used singular words, but sounded his h’s in all the wrong places. Editha noticed this, even in the midst of her surprise at his laughtqr. She could not understand what he was laughing at. Then it occurred to her that she might have made a mistake. “If you please,” she said, with great deli cacy, “ arc j'ou really a burglar ?” He stopped laughing just long enough to answer her. “Lor’no, miss,” lie said, “ by uo manner o’ means. I’m a dear friend o’ yer par’s, come to make a evenin’ call, an’ not n wishin’ to trouble the servants, I stepped in through the winder.” “ Ah,” said Editha, looking very gravely at him, “ I see you are joking with me as papa does sometimes. But what I wanted to say was this: Papa lias goue to Scotland, aud all our servants are, women, and mamma would be so frightened if yon were to waken her that I am sure it would make her ill. And if you are going to burgle,, would you please burgle as quietly as you cau, so that you won’t disturb her” The burglar stopped laughing, and staring at her, once more uttered his vulgar excla mation: “ Well, I’U be blowed!” The burglar accomplished his wicked pur pose, but Editha had the happiness of say iug her mother from annoyance. 