ECCLESIASTICAL ECHOS. The Durham University has conferred the honorary degree of Doctor of Divinity on Bishop Barry. - Archdeacon Farrar is engaged on an important work on the Fathers. It will probably be ready in October next. Tho Quakers in England have resolved to send a delegate to Australia to advocate the principle of a peaceful settlement of all international dis putes. A suggestion is afloat that a Methodist taber nacle should be erected in the city of London, as a centennial memorial of the death of Charles Wesley. Colonel Sandys, M.P., at the instance of the English Church Association, has introduced a bill into Parliament for, the abolition of the bishops' veto. During the last thirty years the Episcopal Church in Scotland has gained 50,000 members, 170 ohurches, 133 clergymen, 3 cathedrals, and 90 parsonages. Our London correspondent telegraphed on Mon day: Dr. Stubbs, Bishop of Chester, has been translated to tho See of Oxford, rendered vacant by the retirement of Dr. Mackarness. The death is announced of Dean Burgon, of Chichester, tho author of a number of theological works, who became very prominent during the discussions on tho revised version of tho Bible. The opening services of tho now Wesleyan Church at Lithgow were conducted on Sunday by the Rev. Georgo Lane, President of the Wesleyan Conference, before alargo congregation. Official statistics give the number of Jewish synagogues in Russia as 349 ; but this obviously cannot include every Jewish place of worship. In the Kingdom of Prussia there are 1262 syna gogues. Mr. Stopford Broook-poet, preacher, critic, and enthusiast of humanity-is one of the hand somest men in London. He has fine liquid eyes, a sensitive mouth, and a very high forehead crowned by gray wavy hair. Dr. Dunne, Roman Catholic Bishop of Wilcan nia, accompanied by Fathers M'Enroo and Hegarty, of the Order of St. Vincent,have arrived in Wilcannia from Broken Hill, and will conduct a mission during tho week. Dr. Mooro, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, will return from London to Victoria in October. He has arranged to establish in Ballarat orders of tho Sisters of Nazareth and Fathers of the Con gregation of the Holy Ghost. At the annual confirmation ceremony in the West London Synagogue of British Jews in June last there were eight girls and seven boys con firmed ; and, in spite of the unfavorable weather, the attendance was very large. About 30 per cent, of the world's inhabitants know one kind, or another of Christianity 5 and some 900,000,000 men know not any kind. Of the 257,000,000 inhabitants of India, there are only 893,658 really native Christiane'. The Salvation "Army" has now between 2000 and 3000 members in the town of Christiania. Some of the daily papers are denouncing the "Army " as a public nuisance ; but it grows and prospers in spite of these attacks. The Bishop of Peterborough, speaking at Kettering lately, on almsgiving to the church, expressed himself as strongly opposed to bazaars and fancy fairs, which he thought most objection able contrivances for raising money. The Church of England diocesan organising secretary for the Centennial Fund, the Rev. T. J. Hydes, has completed his work of organising on the Clarence. Ho has ably advocated the claims of the fund j and a good result is ex pected. The Presbytery of North Melbourne on Tuesday placed on record its regret that unnecessary Sunday work was being done in connection with tho railways. It remitted the matter to the Committee on State Religion and Sabbath Observ ance. In 1881 there presented themselves in tho old country 141,274 board school pupils to be examined in Scripture knowledge for the prizes offered by Mr. Francis Peek and the Religious Tract Society. Last December the number examined had risen to 235,454. At the recent Pan-Anglican Conference in London resolutions were passed condemning poly gamy, the spiritual neglect of emigrants to tho colonies, and the exclusion of colonial clergy from home preferment, and approving of the council of reference as suggested by the Australian Synod. Private letters have been received in Sydney from Bishop Barry, notifying that ho had made a pleasant and prosperous voyage to England, and that he found Mrs. Barry not as well as he would have liked to havo seen her, a circumstance caused in a measure by the recent illness of the Bishop's sons. With much preliminary pomp and ceremony Dr. Walsham How has boen enthroned in the Cathedral of Wakefield first bishop of that diocese. Tho Archbishop of York officiated, and preached a sermon in support of tho thesis that whatever has been done to alleviate the condition of the poor was done by Christianity. An anti-clerical demonstration of students and ethers took placo in connection with the munici pal elections in Rome in June last, when about .1000 pe«onB paraded the Btreeta shouting, "Hang the d0iy Father," "Petroleum to tho Vatican," " Deiva^ to tho Pope and the crew of priests," « Long livt, a^ibaldi and Mazzini," &c.; Tho Rev. J. M'Neil, of "Vt-vorloy, has concluded a week's successful evangelio miSöi0u in Grafton. Tho services were attended by members of various denominations, nrjho attend ances increased as tho mission proeeec«,^ Rev, Mr. M'Neil, after finishing with tho T,ower Clarence, will proceed to tho Richmond in¿ Tweed. Tho congress to promoto tho public worship of tho Holy Euoharinfc was to open in Paris in tho first week in July, Subscriptions have poured in liberally, and tho olergy of tho various parishes havo, iu accordance with the desire of the Arch bishop, boon urging their flocks to co-operate, as far as possible, with the intentions of the Congress. Mrs. E. Stern, writing in the JEWISH CHRO NICLE on tho Judenhetze, drew attention to certain causea whioh have contributed to what tho late Emperor Frederick called " the shame of Germany." She said that tho weakness was within, and that the consistence and sincerity of the hard-shell Jew commanded more respect than the hypocrisy and flabbiness of the Jew who was no Jow. An amusing story is told in London concerning Austin Chamberlain, son of Joseph Chamberlain. That gentleman has chosen to contest the Separatist constituency of Hawick (Scotland), at the next election, and has been making himself acquainted with the electorate; On a recent Sunday he attended service in a chapel in Hawick ; and the preacher's text happened to be, " Let us alone ; what have we to do with theo, thou son of Joseph ?" Prebendary Billing, Rector of Spitalfiolds, has boen appointed third Bishop of Bedford, and Becond Bishop Suffragan of East London, in Bue cession to Bishop Walsham How, who ha3 had the new bishopric or Wakefield conferred upon him. Mr. Billing, v/ho is well known as an earnest worker among the poor and tho unem ployed, is an evangelical clergyman of pronounced views. Ho formerly held tho vicarage of Holy Trinity, Islington. Ritualism makes headway in England. Tho English Church Union has mado a gain of 1272 members during the past year ; and the total on the roil is now 23,289. At its recent anniversary an address was adopted, asking the bishops who were to assemble at tho Lambeth Conference to take Bteps to secure in all churches weekly and holy days' communion, tho observance of fasting days, and that clergymen may not be imprisoned for ritual offences. Mr. Abraham Ansell, son of the late Moses Ansell, for many years secretary of .the Great Synagogue, London, died on June 22 at the age of 78 years. He was a grandson of the Rev. Solomon Ansell, who was better known in his time as Rabbi Zalmon, and who was for many years Dayan in London. The deceased left very precise directions in his will as to his Tahara and burial-such as sprinkling the body with earth from the Holy Land ; the recital of psalms while oircuits round the body were made, &c.; At the Church of the Sacred Heart, Inverell, on August 2 the Feast of Portiuncula waa observed. Bishop Torreggiani celebrated mass, and gave the holy communion to over 200. At the ll o'clock mass a solemn miasa cantata was sung by Dean Mitchell. The Bishop preached a discourse on the festival. Large numbera attended the various services. The members of tho third order met the Bishop in the deanery, and thanked him for the great interest he had shown in the advancement of the order in Inverell. Non-attendance at church has engaged the attention of the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland. . The presbyteries and the parishes have reported on the extent of non-churoh-going and the causes. In 407parishes there were 102,367 persons not connected with any church ; and four-fifths of tho roturns «osign intemperance as a main cause. Among other reasons why the churches have not their complement of wor shippers, it is strange and surprising t© find football assigned as contributory to absenteeism. On J une 19 the Rev. Ifenelm Vaughan, who re cently returned from the Holy Land, had a private interview with the Pope, who listened with deep interest to the history of the "Work of Expiation. His Holiness said he fully approved of the work, and believed it to be an inspiration from our Lord Himself. He made many inquiries relative to the travels of Eather Vaughan in America, and said, in speaking of the Bishop of Salford, " TeU your brother Herbert to go on writing courage ously in defence of the Holy See and the temporal power." Dr. Thicknesse, Archdeacon of Northampton, and Resident-Canon of Peterborough, has been appointed Suffragan-Bishop of Leicester, in the Diocese of Peterborough. At the time of his ap pointment to the archdeaconry he was Vicar of Brackley, Northamptonshire, but resigned this living in 1879 in order to devote himself to his arohidiaconal work. This ho did until last y9ar, when he volunteered for the small country rectory of Bruntingthorpe, in Leicestershire, on the border of bis archdeaconry, which, on account of agricultural depression, no one could bo found to accept. Tho question of the day in Japan (said the JEWISH CHRONICLE) is religion. Recently the advisableness of adopting the European style of dress was discussed ; and now eminent publicists are debating whether the Japanese should not become Christians. They favor the change on the ground of expediency. They admit that Christian dogmas are a bitter pill to swallow, and that religion is only a garment to be put on and off as occasion requires ; but they think that Christianity is identical with civilisation, and that it may help to revive morality in Japan. Tho Japanese, it is said, have no taste for religion, and, being free from the thraldom of creeds, would do better to go abroad, and preach their religion of reason. But as this religion seems to be Agnosticism, Europe, which can boast of a Huxley, a Herbert Spencer, and a Haeckel, can learn nothing from Japan. Religion is not a hatchet to chop wood with. At the annual meeting of the Sunday Society in London tho proaident, tho Rev. William Rogers, rector of Bishopsgate, in the chair, the honorary secretary, in a retrospect of tho past year, referred to tho opening during it on Sun days of the exhibitions of tho Royal Institute of PaintorB in Water-Colors, tho Grosvenor Callory, tho Instituto of Painters in Oil-Colors, and of tho Cadogan Gardons Studio; to that of tho public libraries in Chelsea, Kensal Town, and Kensington, as well as of many in provincial towns ; and to tho fact that at its last mooting u*o Trades Union Congress declared in favor of tho Sunday opening oï museums. In tho course of his Presidential address tho chairman remarked that they had no wish-far from it- to introduce tho Continental Sunday into England, but that the observance Of tho day which tho Lord's Day Observance Society was trying to preserve was simply " Snoozing and Boozing." 