LECTURE BY FR. KELLY. A CAPITAL STORY TELLER DELIGHTED AUDIENCE. ttmio&r; every part of the Hibernian Ha „., crowded on Tuesday evening, to listen to » lecture by the Rev. W. Kelly, S.J., .[ gydney. The subject of the lecture was ••Good Story Tellers, Ancient and Modetn," and, as was expected from one so versed in these things, a very instructive and amusing evening was* spent. His Grace the Archbishop presided, and Amongst those present were the Bight,Bey, Dr. Seville, the Very Eev. A. Sturzo, Very Bev. Dean O'Hea, gem. J. L. Hegarty, V. F.; T. Cahill, S.J.; J. H. O'Connell, J. MnlhaJl. S.J. ;.P, Aylward, M P. Carroll, J. Kennedy, S.J.; J. Heffernan, j'Stephens, 0. Daly, S.J.; M. Hayes, P. ShaSrey, O.C.C.; C. Sheahan, B. Byrne, O.C.C.; B. Collins, J. Gusaek, M. Nelan, ci Morrpgh, S.J.; J. M'Inerney, S.J.; B. Benson, Boyle, the Hon.N. Fitzgerald, M.L.C.; Dr M'Inerney, Dr. O'SuIlivan, Mr. P. G. Duffy, B.L.; W. H. Dunkley, B.L.; F. Dowden, B.L.; Mr. M. Mornape, Mr. James Smith, Mr. J. M'Donald, J,P.; Mr. M. LaiHn, J.P.; Mr. P. Toole, J.P. j Mr. W. levers, J.P.; Mr. M. M'Kenna, J.P.; Mr. H. Bwraon, J.P.; Mr. J, Nicholson, J.P.; Mr. ). Hogan, Mr. M. Hood, Mr. Verga, Mr. Kearney, Mr. M, Sheahan, Mr. S. Allen,,Mr. T. Gaunt, Mr. M. Lyle, Mr. B. Fitzgerald, 1 ind Mr. Joseph Winter. His Grace the Archbishop, who was revived with loud applause, in opening the. proceedings {[recalled that there was an old' proverb—and to know proverbs was to know the Wisdom of many but the wit of one— ihfch was that "Good wine needs no bush," and it might be said that a good lecturer seeded no introduction. In the old classic! timed, to which his friend Fr. Kelly belonged,; hose who sold wine usually kept a bush of' tyontside, so thatitmightbeknowri that wine; could be got within. „ Whenit became known; that good wine could be obtained! in any particular place the bush was. removed;; hence the proverb. Fr. Kelly had attained) that degree of eminence, particularly as a< letftarer, that he needed np lengthened in-; troaiustion to anyone, and therefore he prohh' simply to remove the bush from I Motf him—tointrt>dU4*6 Kim to them, and to; ptfm»e themrihafciflifemald dispense ini tbnndance that < ki^ pjEflrine which.cheered the heart and sweetenpd the pleasures of j life. . " ' . ' " , i Ft. Kelly, who, on stepping to the front of| the platform, got an enthusiastic reception,; said that After whathad been said concern-1 tag'thegdod wine that needed no bash, he wnld Hot beat about the bush 1 at all.i (Lsnghter.) He had been always fond of storjes, and he hadgradually miade a collec-j tion of some which they might, be amused! and interested witn. Some persons might; ! recall the distinguished' Irish clergyman whoi was preparing a man who Was to be hanged, and he might just say that the next thing was the preparing to give .a, lecture, and he did not know but that there was, as much suspense in the one case as inth6 other. (Laughter.) This olergyintfn was preparing the culprit, and he said all thi pi-ayers.and had repeated them so often,, that his vocalisation well-nigh broke down' as the expected hangman did not put in an appearance. He,i however, had been standing Outside the door, wdjhearing his reverence praying, did not like to disturb them. At last the > clergyman writ to the door, found the hangman, and asked, " Are you ready ?" " Oh!" was the reply,," we're ready if yiju M-e ready.'' Obit was with the lecturer—he was, ready to speak to tham if they were ready to listen tp, him, daughter aria applause.) The' stories to mich he was to allude were neither true m fuse, as all stories were a mixture of lh e jwp. The great, thing about; a..stwy wasto know what.superstructure, had been nnsed oil the MadiSonl Some stories »«e very long; UV these' w'drtsadi riot suit roerojt&e; shortonaa would jtetbem, be mote ^w^ag. The. great etosy telfcrs of ancient mo modem times were bound up together, fust he would' touch' qrifhe flleek storv tcte, and^ these • 'woulft 1 " ttmnected Troy. -The Braki •'.•one a •'HP* aijd, striking, character,. At the pw m tfe .wprlt, 'the idrie Seirig the t h e 'Briii ^tteCtitoft ®»ey Wok. for^Mr; aifr7.11 H&L; ^vWA^onsgMeptlj tfce wfer JJd the mortal #ra& anfthe seeds oLdi | ^-predictiotf^C? TtofBei#P ™tby human hMb'^&MeM; __ A: pertion of; thoserevente were bj^Hom^r, afld^pngfit thfi.stari<is itoij teller, was m ^ a m r — — - heart;: CThei dtfef^defender of Troy ^ent forwWtthM^^dte the^s it was a matter of deepest interest to observe that the conjugal tie of love and esteem of husband for wife, was put forward in touching and imperishable langugage. The passage was also interesting from the recollection of the story of the destruction of Carthage. The Boman general, Scipio, when he built this magnificent city, given over to the. flames, sadly reflected when his immortal city of Borne would .one day yield to the order of things. It was an emblem to him of the future'ruin of Rome, aftd'on that occasion h6 repeated the words of the passage to which he referred. Amongst the many stories related by Homer was one giving an inoident of the return of Ulysses to Troy after his many troubles and travels. Ulysses found that "his vessel would have to pass an island where it was foretold by a species of goddess or soothsayer that he would be in great risk because of alluring sounds Of music coming from the shore bf the island. He was told that If his s&Hors; • heard the music they wonld abandon thJe. voyage, and be allured to the shore by the charms of . the enchantresses. Ulysses told the proptecy to the sailors, and said that he atone was empowered to hear th&.deceitful and fascinating strains. He accordingly took a large quantity of wax which, with the warmth of his hand, and the glowing splendours of the sun, melted, and he annointed with the soft and mellow wax the ears of the Bailors, having first of all commanded. them to lash him strongly to the mast of the ship, saying that if he cried to be unloosed they should put fresh coils upon him. This was done, arid as they passed the island, Ulysses, enchanted by the alluring strains, cried to be liberated, but the sailors only brought a few extra ropes and made him more secure.' The sailors plied their oars, and the vessel shot by the dangerous spot, and then Ulysses announced to the sailors the dangers through which they had passed. (Applause.) Dickens in one of bis stories has a character whose classical knowledge always failed hitri at the last moment. He told the story of Pecksnifi and the sea coast " singing creatures" whose name he could not recall when one of his listeners called oysters. It Was interesting to observe that in the ancient Greeks there was a tendency to preserve the memories of remarkable discoveries beneficial tp "the human race. These stories, however, were not always credible, and we had to take them for what they were worth. One of the most interesting of these is told in connection with Gallileo, regarding the connection between numbers and the sense of music, within ourselves. It is a remarkable mystery; which, had never yet been solvedi, and probably never would be. Nevertheless, the; fact remained that these vibrations or stroked given in a certain number did produce ai sympathy within the body. The story he told was that of Pythagras, who was walking; by a blacksmith's shop and many hammers^ were at work, and, to the great surprise of the sage, they presented the complete scale' of sound. Hie was so smitten with admiration that he walked into the shop. He examined the hammers, and weighed them, and thejr were just the numbers that' represent the. scale. One of the most important discoveries ever made by man was the bit or bridle, by which the horse is guided by the hand of man. The. Greeks have it, and it is told by Pindar: A' certain king was desirous of taming the winged steed Phoebus, but he failed. Then Pallas appeared before him and gave him the famous golden bit by which he could tame the steed. He did so; but the bit was a misfortune because he mounted the steed so! often that it flew up into the air. The king fell off, and the horse continued on its way and was now one of the stars. Many stories relating to war had come down to us, aiid one or two might not prove uninteresting to the audience. On the return of the Greeks from the battle of Tunaxi, Xenophon, one of the chiefs, when he thought there were no means of extricating his forces from 1 the treachery with whioh they appeared to. be surrounded, came amongst the soldiers " rigged out" in his best suit of clothes, and! everybody wondered why he shorild turn -outi in'suoh apparel when all seemed gloom! and! despondency. He replied to the effect that,) if victory smiled on their arms, there wasj nothing so suitable to victory aB a new suit; of clothes, and if he should be • killed he would, at least, have the advantage of having! wprn the olothes before be died. As Xenophoni japjpeareiTbefore the forces so attired, tfcllihg; them to trust to their own good swords, some-; bodyisneezed. A sneeze-was always considered! a good -omen.. .Xsnophon then declared that: deliverance, came from God, and eventually^ they brought their jourriey to a happy audi gtoriouS conclusion-. (Applause.) Horace,; the Latin poet, was a very good story teller/ Qpe related tp a soldier who, whilst asleep, was robbed of the little gold and silver he raid managed'to scrape" together m his life-; time. - In rage and despair . the warrior; crashed against the enemy on the first ~ le occasion and performed deeds of valpnjr. >r'these he was rewarded By' a large "sSor)e; the auriferous metal, andtt ec laterperibdj when the captain of -the regiment^,* upon him. <to perform similar, ^rvigfoj-hej • replied, "No; I have;Jsecurgdj, mv yjaiffi, 'and, do, not care to esg&se;' than fetiy be net&Bary-m; ; t^'-acinar Service'of wftr <end' the discharge of my Jlntgrj as a soldier;" (Laughter.) SeverM excellent storieswere rektedof ,|he .Parthagenir'- general, ^nnibal. On oriepopaaiori he w Mfi' tJA ii? ¬,* : Wbfr-bt' 88* orw Btorian6. Hannibal--and ; the officers his staff, r rode to the ton. pf a lii|l,. 'and r surveyed th^ Bomoa more than twice' as humeroliB' aS" j^A. '-'H&itfvSt; te -McekB'•irax seized 1 tet$ gnrrb aliutat and BwiriteV and made the seemingly innocent remark' that it was Btrange that in all the force thi saw before them there was not a soldier wl bore the name of the officer thus alarmei They were not able to see the force of tl joke to this day; but it was a singular ft that the contagion of the general's laugty spread amongst the troops, They, foi eart thereupon, and achieved a splend ictory, it being estimated that before tl un went down from fifty-five, to six housand Bomans were laying dead upon tl ield. (Applause.) When Hannibal was xile he met with Soipio, by whorii lie 1 een defeated. The two generals bad rqat admiration for eaoh other. Soipil sked whom he considered to be the greatei eneral at the timet Hannibal replied m esitatingly, " Alexander." " And wafe he second ?" asked Scipio. " Pyrrbns; the epowned exponent of the Bomans." xpecting at least to be named third, Sciple sked whd ranked third, wheretipbn Hannif ol answered that he thought he bimselE as entitled to that position; (Laoghfer.t here had been now and then interesting ncidents regarding the power of the mind! y which bad omens had been turned inti ood ones. One small iarmy Was afraid to eet a large force, but on their way they et an ass loaded with parsley. Among thi orinthians parsley was laid on the grave ai oon as a man or woman was buried, and he army thought their last day was comei and the undertaker, so they sent for the parsley. (Laughter.) But at the Oorinthiaii games the victor had i wreath of parsley! which conferred upon himself anfl'feis family immortality and perpetual honour. We could hardly realise the homage paid to one of thosi victors. On seeing the ass, therefore, the leader recalled that whenever the gods sent parsley to Corinth it was a good omen, and he made a wreath round his head, and all the soldiers did the same. They were certain their national gods had sent victory td them,- and the result was one of the most splendid battleB recorded in the world's history in which Grecian valour was shown. All through parsley. (Laughter and applause.) Passing on to something more modem, he gave it as his opinion that the greatest story tellers of that period were— Cervantes, Lesage, and Sir Walter Scott; and he cited " Don Quixote," " GilBlas," ana Scott's verse and prose. He referred to the difference in tone of the original Spanish and English translation of "Don Quixote," and to the passages of extraordinary beauty, and' to what he considers blemishes in " Gil Bias.", He would take a passage or two from Scotti —one of poetry and the other of prose—and the former he selected from " Marmion," the 1 passage being that About the ghost that was' ready to meet any who cared to do battle with it. As illustrating the capacity of Sir Walter Scott to narrate a story in prose, the rev.; lecturer .quoted the narrative of the wrestling!, match from ",Old. Mortality." One of the most remarkable stories given to us by history was given to us by Voltaire, and it! had puzzled a great many writers in the; present day to try and discover who was thB! leading subject of it. It was the story known: to the world as "The Man of the Iron Mask," and it was recorded in Voltaire's. "History of Louis XIV." Attempts had' been made from time to time to identify the man of the iron mask with other prisoners more or less notorious. In the year 1698 the governor of the famous prison! in Paris known as the Bastille having died' rather suddenly, the gloomy charge was conferred upon an officer named Samaurez^ who had graduated in various gaols: in France. On entering npon his dutieB Samaurez was directed to bring along with him for seclusion a certain prisoner,; who, for some reason or other, was not named in the documents of the time. The prisoner wore a kind of black velvet veil,, fastened with whalebone, and whenever be! sat at dinner he turned his back upon the! windows of the apartment. Here the gover-j nor sat with him, and had a brace bf pistols! on the table, as a deterrent against any theftj f knives and forks. So for as was known! the mask was never removed from : the) an's face to the day of his death and bis name was not discovered. His face was never seen by human eye, and he was buried with great secrecy; and no one recorded whether the mask was or was ot removed. In order that nothing might torsos why his Hf6 shbttldjtot be Mcrtfioed. {Them was, an idefii thai, he mast hwe h»d sqmething. on, hia face that it was, rendered ndesirable to be seen'; ' but' to ihe lectaKJF'flfe mtrtf probable Bolntiori dF'ttfe etter? «l£tt he was a twin brother bl ^ppiB rXIV^; iftt tbe, same Jime he Admitted it rnevse had':J)een proved that ; that a tWiri b^othw. As it ttMBfiftt'Wapt tHat-ata-old 8tory=ttai« «Ai6uMi aAiAiiWHenrimKisiEhaat end ^ without teUina^neabout'Dim- teUing«neab6ut'him g^JjftwqjW (Applause.) And this had- t)ie. Mmntt^s of being true, and pehgrinlKMiMSfe: H e ^ viSftea' oii ^(iiifo^f k Ut&f;, A^oaSted^hlm fo^c taA(3tMld'Ber.#aBbusd(aitb waSnofcilkbgl be' kriown of him, the walls were deeply soraped; and the roof and floor were removed, and the leaf in the prison reoord regarding him was found to have been torn out. However, it was found in the possession of an under official', but all that was recorded in ft waff the date of'his confinement and the date oi his death. Everything connected with the case had created. a profound desire tip, solve the mystery, but it had riol been done. It was evidfent, howevfer, that he ireB a prisoner of great importance, who must be tept,secret, and it strnek.the lecturer that tiiey should have committed himtothatmo^t Bepret ot prisons'—the gnave; But it' could Be Stfrrrii»Bd : thtt there ; Was sdrii'e partfciflar told aim that net hushand TO * great admirer of his, and, although a Protestant, always went to hear him preach every Sunday, and was lond in his praises of the lecturer's sermons. "He is^" -said the lady, " struck by your discpnfsesvjh^s a little out o' his mind." SmvA. Jhq^bW.') He called to see the man once^cr twice a^gr<> wards, but six months lateiHbp read in t&e; papers the announcement dfcffis^ death. He asked the good lady how it wtfjthe gtfodman had not sent for liim before, hfcdiqd. ^Wejl, you see," she exclaimed, "he rwovere'd&s; senses about three" moiiths BetdreShe dj^d, and after that he would riet "i&'M8 S&r; you preach, and never Baid anoth^f .word about your sermons." (Prolonged laughter and applause.) The Eight Bev. Dr. Eevffl6 skid it #ds Mis agreeable duty to propose a vote 6f thanks to the learned and eloquent leaturer. Mi. Kelly had shown, ,e^ual skill in the narration of old traditions and modern Btories. He had s'uedee'ded in givihg to classical stories an asirdf trtth Whi6h he (the speaker) had never detected in than before. (Laughter.). Fr. Kelly had come 'to Melbourne for change arid rest, arid he was spending his time lecturing for a good c&use.; (Applause.) . Mr. James Smith seconded the proposition, and remarked that the lecturer had displayed, a power of erudition, length of memory, and a capacity of humour which had evoked their fullest admiration. It had been Baid thfere were three things which, all men should desire: to burn old wood, read old books, and drink old wine. And he would add a fourth, namely—to hear a good old lecturer like Fr. Kelly. (Applause.) His Grace the Archbishop said he was sure the vote was one in which the audiepce Would all join in hearty acclainatiori. The delivery of such an excellent ltecture hSd proved the truth of his prophecy concerning it. It had been a source of instruction, pleasure, and profit to them all. (Applause.) The vote was carried with applause. ^The Hon. N. Fitzgerald, M.L.C., moved a cordial vote of thanks to his Grace for presiding. A little over twelve.months had .elapsed since the Archbishop arrived in Melbourne, and he would take that opportunity of saying that during this period his Grac& had advanoed in their confidence, respect, veneration, and alBO in their affection. (Loud cheers.) He had been ever ready to lend hiB hand to the accomplishment bf a' gtfjbtt object, and conspicuous amongst objects was the completion of the Hibemiap Hall, a building that was very greatly in their midst. (Applause.) Dr. O'Sullivab seconded the motion,;'ftliitsh was carried with three cheers. • • • ' His Grace, briefly replied, And .rezpregf&i; his gratification at the success of .tberanpgs movements connected' with 'f&a;! QajQmnc body, aftfer which the meeting clofed.' 5 " 4 - 1 