OLOUDY STILL I The prospects in Central Europo nro ont'o nguin jilooroy, and tlio Governmont at Uerlin ia said to regard them as more serious than over. It is not aurecablo lo hear, lor oxamplc, that thoro arc ovor 800,000 Russian troops ccneenlratod on tho Austro-Gonnan frontier, mid that ovon tho recent severe weather does nob hinder thoit mobilisation, Tho men sutler severe hardships, no doubt, but tho work of mossing alill goes on. Hussion generals never have been chary with tho lives of their soldiers, and what tho Mus covite or Cossack privato will en- duro when onco engaged on what ho believes to bo tho cause of Holy Russia is an unknown quantity. His dogged courage is undeniable, and bin ability to march and fight on small rations and no comfort is nearly equal to that of tho Turks, Nor is tho position of Russia herself a very safe one, oven sup- nosing that tho Cr-iv's Minister of Fmaueo has succeeded in negotiating tho French loan, of which so much 1ms been said and written, while his Minister of Foreign Adhh-s 1ms secured tho co-opcration of tho Ropublic in case of hostilities. The ghost of Bluchor, porhnps, looks grimly on ; but, nevertheless, tho fact remains that tho descendant of thu potoutato whoso sub- jocis fired Moscow on the entry of the French iuto that city has been looking to wards Franco itself for assistance iu hia times of trouble. Therefore tho ever watchful oyo of tho groat Chancellor of Gormmiv is more firmlv fixed than ever upon Franco. Whether tho Prmco has had any share in tho allianco, offensive or defensivo, now said to lmvo been entered into between Belgium, Holland and Spaiu, it is difficult to say, but it is rumored Lliat in caso war should break out with Franco Germany will not nttompt to cross the Franco-Gorman frontier, but will march into Switzerland and enter Franco from tho canton of Basle, situated on the fron tiers of Alsaco and tho Graud Duchy of Baden. Thn Swiss Governmont have, it is stated, declared that their militia— and splendid soldiors they avo — will occupy tho Jura rango on tho French frontier, and that if needful thoy will accept tho protection of Gcrmauy. At any rate, four of tho second- .rato Powers in Europo seem to have agreed to a coalition, and it would bo more than awkward for Franco woro Germany to agree to allow Spain a irco linnd in Morocco in caso of a war breaking out iu Europe. Moro than this, tho conucction botweon Great Britaiu'nud Italy seems to bo growing closer every clay. It is true that, tho First Lord of tho Admiralty, Lord George Hamilton, told tlio House of Commous on Friday that no especial significance was to bo attached to tho speech made by Admiral Hewitt at Genoa a fow days previously, in which ho said that the existing friendship botweon tho .Govornmcnts of England and Italy might result at an early dato in the union of tlio fleets of tho two nations ill the Mediterranean. But when it is also Btatcd that the Italian Government are putting their naval forces into a sea-going nud lighting condition; that the Alpino fortresses nro being specially inspected; aud that tho British Government is on tho look out for horses availablo for military purposes, tho pacifio assunmees constantly being mndo loso considerably in value. Russia, .moreover, is menaced in another auction. Tho Chincso Government never has taken kindly to tho Muscovite annexation of a portion of Mauchooria, North of tho Arnoor, which was accoupliscd whon the Celestial monarch was at war with Eng land, aud thetruops of tho Whito Dragon aro now said to be massing on tlmt fron tier with a view to a dash should op portunity offer. China is now a growing x>wer among tho nations, and f friendly relations nro still kept up between the Emperor and the other Great Powors of Europe Russia might find tlio Celestial thorn in her sido on tho bauks of the A moor a very disagreeable one, indeed. As for the internal troubles in Europo, thoy nro sure to be intensified. Tho Crown Priuco is once more in danger, and should the King of tho Netherlands succumb to the illness by which ho is re ported to be threatened, thcro is suro to bo trouble over the succession to his throne, the heiress ot which ib a little girl of eight years old. In ovevy way the outlook is a shadowy one, and it is uot exaggerating to say that ono never knows what a day may bring forth. 