BROADBRIM'S NKW YORK LETTBB. ? . I Tho curtaiu falls this week upon the lives of two men who on Monday l ist stood in dicted for two of the gravest offences known .to tho orlminal law. Lives fur npart it. is true, having no seeming connection, yet Both ending in the same plea, nolle prnscqucd by the providence of God. Jacob Sharp is dead, and when the lightning's flash an nounced the fact through the city, there was a sich of relief in certain legal quarters and an exclamation of "Thank God, the worst is over!" To me there is something inexpressibly pathetic about this old man's death: and in this faithless age of quarrels and separations and divorces, his dear old faithful wife stands forth like a revelation. There was little left about Jacob Sharp to charm man or woman; persecution had soured him, disappointment, 'ingratitude and disgrace had filled his heart with bitterness and grief; disoase hid done its fearful work and had sapped the fountains of his life; old age with its weakness and in firmity had stilled even love and hope; old friends had vanished; men whom he had helped to place and power deserted him in the hour of his direst need. In the midst of the gloom of this dark, hopeless night one face shone out like an .angel of light,— a face which hovered o'er his couch in his long and worry sickness, which beamed with joy at the hope of returning health, which shared uncomplainingly the ignominy of his prison bars and rejoiced with him on his freedom from ciptivity, and when death came, likonn angel of mercy she was still by his side and Bhe pressed her pallid lips to his as with the last faint exclamation of "Mabel" upon his lips he yielded up the ghost. It is said that in this world of our3 there is an inevitable law of compensation from which there is do escape; for every good thing wo have there i3 a penalty to piyand a compensation fur every evil and ill that we suffer. Jacob Sharp found his compensation in his wife. The ScribesandPhariseea fled from himaflrighted. An offence which had been sanctioned by proceden^ in State and national council for a hundred years was to !i crime without S name. -The pu p»c thundered forth its anathema and a ''1®"1.';J press howled out its malediction; all v..'® coodie-goodies who by lucky chnnco had es caped.the penalty of their crimes raised their hands in holy horror as if no such sin had been heard'of since the .reation of man. He became the target for all sorts of ruffians and persecutors who hoped in his ruin to profit by his downfall. The colossal fortune which he had piled up with so much care was -rapidly, vanishing; health was gone, prison bars hem ed him around, dusth «as not fa-- off, and 111 his lint agonyit seemed as if his dyiug.scene would be passed in a convict's c-11. Every thing e!se was gori", but there still,- thank God,' wns the .Mabel of his e:irly love, the Mabel whose hand he clasped before the altar in his younsr manhood's prime,-and who swore to cherish him in sickness and in health, and ! in the.fulfilment of her oath abandoned her hpAtltiiV house, horses, carriages, scrt\1nts, wealth, all, nnJ therc;stood till death claimed him, faithful a.norl? t.:P Pithless tovthe a3'' On the seventh day oE November last, when the result of onr Municipal election was announced, I then ventured the prsaiP* tion that Jacob Sharp'would never see the in side of States prison.' That predtttidu is now fulfilled; "nor steel, nor poison, malice do mestic, foreign levy, nothing can touch hinr further." I would not make light of so grave an offence as bribery, a crime which sap3 the very foundation of all governments. But Jacob Sharp was the creature of time and circumstance. lie found the government of the city of NorYork in the hands of a set of thug3 and thieves who were placed in that exalted position of trust by the legal voters of the city. A great public improvement was needed and these men blocked the >vay, hungry for plunder. Jacob Sharp gave them their price and got his franchise. 1 hen the .wholo desperate crew who had been defeated iii sharing f;the plunder suddenly b came frightfully virtuous, and all of them in thun der tones demanded the blood of Jacob Sharp. Such a bitter and pitiless storm of vituperation, denunciation and abuse as fol lowed him for two years past, has seldom fallfen to the lot of man; and the only wonder .was, at his-advanced ags-and with his broken health, that he survived for a single hour. But all that is passed now, the end has come for him and with lV/.seat arid peaco. New York ridns gaily upl and down Broadway glad to profit by the work of the master genius, now so sorrowfully eclipsed. The boodle road, loaded with so many maledic tions pay more money into the city treasury than all the other railroads in the city_put to gether. The men who shared his crime and gol4-with a few disgraceful exceptions, are i either irf exile or in prison. He heeds them not now, his trial is finished,- nolle prosequcd by the providence of God. : From'the'darknes3 and gloom and sorrow of this sad picture.'like a bright beacon light through a night of cloud and storm, standu I out hil wife, a grand example . of exalted ' womanhood of pure devotion, of wifely i honor, of horoic fortitude, of unselfish and undying love. Her reward was ! in knowing that he to whom she had pledged j her inaiden faith'long years ago, even when borne down to the earth by disaster i and disgraca in the last mortal agony I of parting life, turned back when half way • through the gates of death to breathe once tn'oro his 'darling Mabel's name. Wherever wifely honor is prized, wherever motherly loye is cherished, where purity, devotion and faith" are honm od among men, there will be the name of Mabel Sharpo be enshrined as ,aii example of American womanhood. Another life closed this week in darkness and tears—that of Senator Bob Hart, an old time minstrel—known later on as the Rev. R. H. Sutherland, a distinguished Baptist Evangelist, who died in a small hotel 011 the west side of the town by his own hand. When after ft violent spree .some years ago, -which brought Him to death's door, he professed re ligion and began to study for the ministry, I ;t/,s but just to his old associates in the pro fession been connected with him most of his life, pml who knew his weakness thoroughly, to say, ti.^t th,G.v took ,no atc"* I whatever in his so-calka conversion and most of th«>ni felt that his t'Cturn 0 u ® Cork Slid tambourine and bones was mere y a question of time: Several times during lus. time of evangelisation certain evidences 01 weakness cropped'out which filled his fiiends with grave anxiety and alarm, and were pre cursors of tho calamity which so suddenly overtook him last week. A litib over a year ai»o, while carrying on a revival in the iNew England States, he was picked up drunk in the streets. His contrition for his offence arid his public repentance were matters of newspaper tiototlety at tho time, but the church readily condoned hia offence, and re ceived him with open arms, and _ he started anew in his work of evangelisation. A few weeks ago he began a revival in the Baptist Church at Rockville Centre'011 Long Island, fliefo among the converts that crowded the auxious seat Was a young and beautiful girl about fifteeu years of age; taking advantage of his position he assaulted and ruined her, a.nd then abandoned her for another victim. Detected in his infamy he was obliged to fly the town, or he would have been killed by the father of the girl. For several days he was in hiding with the constable at his heels, and on Wednesday last he surrendered himself—giving bail for his future appearance . next day he sought a low hotel on the west side of the town where ' he began drinking I heavily; he then sat down at a table in the barroom, wrote to a frieud announcing . his intention to die, and declaring his inno cence of the crime of which he was accused, took poison and ended his life. Mr. Sutherland was the legitimate pro duct of a vicious system which has un fortunately obtained in the past few- years, of seekingfor popular pulpit evangelists in the mire. "Only a short time ago Brooklyn was convulsed over the trial of an eminent divine who had served a term in State prison, and I know two men in charge of an important mission in this city, one of whom was impli cated in one of the greatest crimes of the century. Mr. Sutherland's declaration of his innocence goes for nothing, even though associated with his dying breath, for against it are the lotters in his own hand, and the confession of the girl whom he ruined. Ho also asserted two hours before his death, when a friend found him drinking whiskey and cautioned him against it—that it was the first time ho had tasted liquor for seven years, though his public confession of his drunken debauch was heralded through tho press all over the United States, and for the past twelve days he had been on a continual spree. The church had 110 need of such teachers; the tambourine and bones are but an indifferent preparation for pulpit evangelization, and if thedeath of this unfortunate minstrel shall help to stop or mitigate this crying evil he will not have lived or died in vain. Crash goes tho National American Opera once more, floundering in the slough of de3 poud. In two weeks organised as a co-opera tive association, it has sunk overfour thousand dollars, and the members once more are starv ing. The papers all declared that the operas j were magnificent, the singers beyond all praise, tlie scenery splendid, the ballet delicious and entrancing; but it would not do, the people did not come, the box office did not show up, and the result was nix, or to be classic I might have said nihil. Meanwhile Fanny Davenport's " Tosca," that all the critics, myself included, jumped on like a pack of hungry wolves, goes on from conquering to conquer—houses crowded, boxes sold two weeks ahead, and now every body wants to see it because the critics said it was"wicked. It is the story of Adam and Eve over again, they like to taste of forbidden fruit. Grand is the sight of the stores in their Eastor holiday dress—eclipsing the glory of Solom m and Sheba's Queen. Silks, satins, gold, silver flowers, pictures, the beautiful everywhere. The sontr of the spring birds, the chime of wodding bells. Winter is past Hail, glorious'Spring ! Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 