PRAGMUNTS OF FUN. MAnD, gashingly : ' Oh, eCI my dear, do look as my ensggeme?i'.ueng W*o't all the side be dying of envyt Aotually three solitaires ' OLD bachelor patient: 'Dootor. I feel miserable in mind and body What shall I do?' Doctor (grafil): * Take a wife' * My errand here -slt' eId a ronan lawyer to a damsel on whom he. had called. ' reminds me of the ry of an owl. 'Indeed, salid the maiden. 'what I your eurad hce to.nalghtr ourtslbip. To wit, to woo.' SLwui.s Obarlie waus vielin lie three old maid aunties, and one ight they hadddaeeom preserves for uplper. As Ohalis smaced bhi lipe and paUed ap his plate for moe he remarked-: I'm very food of preoved damsele.' T'a San rosa?hclco Agonaut adepts the Bard of Avon so the ocoselon, and lays : All she world I a Jungle, and all the men are tigers. If this be true thee are lot of tlger masquerading in meses' akins. Doros : Did you ay to your husbaend Mrs. Hendrick., that iU agreeble to him 1 would Send bill for service rendered during hi recent severe eillnecs1 Mrs. Hendrlse: Yee, dootor; end he thought that you haed better wait until he glfa little stronger. S'Psaaam, air, bhae yen cers a gentleman without a Ittle gtrl? 'Well, and what If I beve, little one? * My Usnh John has lost me, and I thought If you'd see a gentlemen without a little girl you could tell me where he wre. Wnr is a tallow.ohandlce necessarily both vwious and unfortunate Becaoue all hie works are wick-ed, and all his wick-ed works are brought to light. AMal.-' Mamma. can't I Io ever to Kitty's bouse and ply awhile d Mamma (beltatingly) : 'I don't know, dear. I ye ; you an go for et a little while. Jamie (demurely): ' Thank you, mamma, I've been.' Tam GazOe MAc Waos? NAxa Tma WORLD Hoouna.--The tollowlpg, a?ooroiog to the London " sandard,i has boy'e copoeslio about * Oumbus'-' 'Olumbu was a man whoauld make an u cand on eu.dwithout breakin it. The King of SpaIn saId to Columbus; ' Ona you discover Amealole ' .'Yee' lid Clumbue, ' f you will give me a ship.' Be he ot a ship and saled over the sea i the ditreo a where he thought America ought to be foundl The elloe quarrelled, and esaid they believed then was no suoh plae. But after many dae the pilot caum to him and sid : ' Olm hue. I me land.' 'Then that is America,' said OIambua. When the ahip Rot near, the land was full of black men Olombus slid S 'Is tse AmeroreY 'Yes, itl,' saidthey. Then the chief aid . ' I uppoe you are Oulonmban' 'You are right,' maid e. Tor the chlie turned to bhi men and said: 'There is no help for It; we are discovered at lame.' JOanrv'B Q~oriog -' Ms.' said little Johnny Snooper, 'why do they ralways put ito a eoythe when tpey make a piture of Timoe 'To repreent tbe ehortonesof Ila, Johbnuy. Time uto people down, you kew.' ' But whe time ehall be e mower he'll drop his e, woe's bet' 'It'c time for you to go to bet, Johnny.' Hlramse- am afraid that It Is not for me that you come so often. but fo my money. Ahrdent Wooer-Tom re mcuel to sy. so. HIow could I get your money without gettlg you. A ' Isfsmmorm.-(Soene: A BaoiLk village mcbool. Governmeut intuspeoo ezamnltng a tIm on the cuolct of the Witc0h of UEo" end Samoa'e ghost). Govcrnment iep/aror a Well, boyr, what did she Witcb of Undoe think she uaw' (Pame.) irm Boy: 'Plate, tl, that uis ms apposiio?.' Government Inepecter: ' Quit right ; bu what is a spoparetion I' (Logenr pan.) Second Boy : ' Place, that he a spstuo I ' Government Inepentar a ' Yee, yee, qout Iht gaio , so far bat what'r a h peotre! (Prolonged paee) Bright Buy. n a wild faleetto :'Phlae, Pow thlat be a gentleman0 u ,ohbut axeminislueoo I' a. Wa' oe Wa .- -'a Bill,' slid one London street urchin to seothe on meing a dle peg , 'tbat fellerlooke Ua If is 'ad ad be ute.d to 'h 'lt, not 'L8 'at to 's ed T'a Osmootraw o Il--Mamma (writing letter in theadjolinngllhrry) I" How Ie "empt'epelle', Emtbal' .thel (reodtly, 'bhtethoated) '?..e (etopit, Heley I) pt't Gon r comeom down to breakfast with a ,,wolle visage, wheeupon mamma say to bhe ?oaoyeer-oldi 'e Gargl , don't you feel eUll? Tell mamma what the matter ti' George, tofull of lnifaen, replier 'No, I don', feel well f .e olf my eye is lekm', send one of my nose doe' go.' - PAte: a Young Sampeon be been de voted to y or two .or three year. has~'t her Daughter: 'Tee, papa.' Father: 'ls't be very slow about propoolng? eDaughter: ' Yes, Georige lalittle elow ; but (ooeafldently) I thin ble Ietura' Ieaher t 'The object of bthe lehso I• to Inoulcate obedi-mos. 'Do yon know wha "' obey.m a. A)t PuI a ' Tee malam, I .bey my fatherl.' T er 'Yee ; shea'v right. Now. tell me why you obey your father? Apt Pupil 'Canoe be'e bigge's me. i- t'i Bite.' SThat sermon wasee the anet eort I eva heard' said a man on hib way home from hauron. ' I wouidn't have miumed is for 0Idol. I' ' I'm glnd you enjoyed It, Joho,' ..id his wife 'ee, I esjoyed t ; but tere wus one thing thai anonoyd me.' 'W ma wu .bat, John 1 'I bad o changoe nto my p ekes I s, than half a dollar for the cono?ibutiuna boa?z Narr. (to visitor): 'Oh. I have uobh good news. Mamma and pape and I are all asein r to anothcr city olive Victor: ' I.deed t You ama me. What olsy is is?' Little Nell I ' It has such a flnny name. It ,- called Harry, sad It's an aw'ut old cly.' Viritor : 'OB you must he e hord lhe nme s wroog.' Little Nell, 'Oh, no. I didn',. I' wes at the breakfta't'lale: papa told mamma to -go to Old Ht., aMnd mamme oid atep to go there hdimelf, nd than I .sk?J ethemt to ake me and they dld't Say n.atmins b1ut know they will.' Nov nie HIadn--eI know that . love me.' bs maid e.nlmentally, a hebe hld behH t. his vest. I know that you love me,' sheb repeated; 'beoset when I lay my hed otmiltsyour breast your heart bets e o lod I an hr it. ' That.' laped the poor fellow, st le wful truth dwuoed upon bim, 'that i o dt my bees 'That's my Waterbury weeah.' .Yocto wife lat dinner teble, sobbing): 'I Shink oau-you--saee jul ma mean a-c---yoo cano be. I han made that-tha-bt apple dumplIng s a pleusont enrprie toe you, and ow-yo--w.nl rme to bring the eare to rut It opec with.' Young au?band : 'Gaod gra couo? Mria Il Ie that a dumpling? A then. cald pagdoal I I look I for aco6nu1' 