Eaglehawk’s Victory. By K. G. Dyson. The lovo of horses and horse racing is a national characteristic of'Australians. In no g°uptry, not oven Engird, is the fondness for 'Batimo' competitions so general. Old timers, who can look back to the fifties, may rainom ber that the enthusiasm evoked in every little country township on a local race day amounted MniOstto delirium oven then, when tho best prads brought forward were settler’s hacks or tho cobs'of Butchers and bakers. Tho settlement which could not support a race meeting those days was generally regarded as a poverty-stricken, half-dead hamlet, not fit. to.j be tho abiding place of a Mongolian leper, and no man could bo found to say a good word for it. Those who can call to. mind tho bush races of *58, and the fierce excitement they gave rise to in a locality for weeks previous to the great day, the stiff sums that were planted on fa vorites, fcho care bestowed on the horses, and the liquor drank to their good health, cannot be surprised when they turn to the Cup race of to-day and regard the teeming thousands who rush to witness it, the riches and anxiety ex pep ded over it, the sorrowful groans ami joyful cheers which greet tho winner, and tho enor mous influence the sport exerts over tho na tion—these are but the natural growth of the infatuation evinced on every bush course in tho earlv days. Horses always ran to win those times; there was no buying over, no nulling favorites, dvery owner raced square, ana his money wan on the horse he entered. Some splendid cuttle pranced into the »rena at tho sound of the bell freouently enough; fine, upstanding animals, with glossy Bides and lots of blood, though their pedigrees may have been mislaid in the don fusion of a new country. The Settlera’ Club race meeting at Leth bridge, on St. Patrick’s day in the year *58, was an event which excited great interest over all the surrounding district for weeks beforo • The advent, of the Ballarat lino had given business an astonishing impetus in Lethbridge, money was plentiful, good horses wore numer ous^ and the presence of two or three hundred rollicking, dovil-may-caro navvies, all tended to heighten interest in the Settlers’ Club meeting. The great event of the day was the Steeple chase, a four mile race over rough jumps, and heavy ground. Twelve horses were entered, hut besides Eaglehawk and Vixen no prad was thought to have a ghost of a show. Heretofore Vixen had beaten ov^-ything jutted against h$r, but Eaglehawk was a new-comer, a beau tiful chestnut— “ Round-hoof’d, short-jointed, fetlocks shag and long; Broild breast, full eyes, small head and nos tril wide;. Jligh crost, short ears, straight legs, and pass ing strong; Thin maho, thick tail, broad buttock, tender And his performances were whispered about to be something wonderful, lie was owned by Mr. James Ware, a young “fellow who kept a Htore on the line for a Melbourne firm. Mr. Ware had not been long in the,district, but during his short residence he had contrived to make more friends than many who had lived there for years.. He was a fine, handsome, sunny-tempered young follow of about twenty two, tall and slim, blue eyes, fair-haired, and possessed of jovial humor that wna contagions to. all but Miss Alice Stanford, tho proud owner of the invincible Vixen. There was somo misunderstanding between these two. They imagined they disliked each other cordially ; neither know tho why nor wherefore. At the first meeting ho hod glanced at her, and thought what a very pretty, su perior sort of young lady alio was; she had l>eepcd at him from under her broad-brimmed . hat, and thought what a handsome, gentle manly sort of a young follow bo was ; and they liad straightway assumed an air of icy re serve towards each other, which was quite foreign to both their natures and altogether unaccountable. Miss Stanford told her friends that sho thought Mr. Waro was a bit of a fop, and Mr. Ware told his friends that he thought Miss Stanford was absurdly.uppish and too tanned to be called pretty; and when Miss Stanford had occasion to go to tho store she gave her or ders briefly and stared fixedly and coldly at the illustration upon a tobacco box, whilst all Mr. Ware’s cheery spirit scomod to go out from him; and he served her in frigid silence. Yet, in reality, thqse two had a lively interest in each other—it was triily remarkable. Miss Alico Stanford was tho daughter of a big-hearted nastoral gentleman who owned a farm on the banka of tho Moorabocl. Ho loved his daughter better than, all the world bus ides, and by his indulgence had done enough to spoil fifty ordinary girls; but Alice was not an ordi nary .girl; she had grown up self-willed, but very unarming and lovable withal. .Vixen was Alias Alice’s pride and joy. Tho mare had beou reared especially for hor; the conquests of tho beautiful black animal were sources of the greatest gratification to her young mistress; and when tho pampered nnd petted Alice heard that Mr. Ware had entered Eaglehawk for the Steeple she easily con vinced herself that his sole do lire was to spite her by winning tho stake and the trophy, and she bee une more determined than over upon Vixen gaining the day. ■ If the truth must be known, tho ungallanfc idea of bringing Alice Stanford down a peg or two had somo weight with Jim ; he thought it wou d lie great satisfaction for something, he didn’t know exactly what. As a matter of fact, although ho would not admit it even to himself, Alice’s beariug towards, him pinued him considerably ; ho would rather have been good chums with the ha/.lo-eyod, brown haired girl than with all tho other girls within a days journey. Of bourse everybody had noticed tho coolness betweon Jim Waro and Alico Stanford. It is a very trifling matter that escajHja tho oyea and tongues of the gossips in a small township, and the (steeplechase won soon regarded rather ns a trial for mastery between Alice and Jim. It was not so much a matter of “ Will Eaglehawk win I” or, “Will Vixon win?” iw M Will Jim Ware or Alice Stanford scoop tho honors ?” ; Eaglehawk and Vixen wero discusned from tho tips of their tails to the tips of their ears ; each horso had a stiong party of backera who descanted long and earnestly on the good points of tho two favorites. Whiskey galore was drunk to tho success of both animals, and us tho day grew nearer tho bAcitoment, ran to fever height, nnd the conversation was con fined exclusively to Miss Standford, Mr. Ware, Vixen, Eaglehawk, and young Cody, the boy who was to ride Vixen. Jim Ware had decided to mount E vglelmwk himself. <0n the day before the races Alice and Jim had passed in the street, nhe with a haughty toss of.her head, he with a nonchalant swing of his whip. ^ This episode was freely discussed at the public-house, and more mouey was staked and more toasts were drank. Vixen was in splendid form nnd Alico was confident. Tho excitement kept hor cIiooIch in i a perpetual glow. Sho informed hor father, at least a dozen times a dayr that “ that im pudent coxcomb,1’ meaning .Tim, “ would look remarkably small after tile race,” and Air. Stanford would smile in an aggravating way, and ask hor did sho really dislike young Ware so very much. “Ol course I do, Pa!" would bo her reply. “ Doesn’t he want to win only to spite mo r I just hate him!” “ Gammon 1” her father would reply, quizi cally ; which usually put Alice in a bad humor, and made her flush up very scarlet. ,Tlie morning of St. Patrick’s day, 1858, broke beautifully fine, and before the first race was Btarted everybody who lived within a radius of fifteen miles, and could ride, . walk, or fimp, collected on the .Settlors’ Course, a large cleared space within a patch of sparsely timbered country, : '; , Tho starter was there in a red lumterV coat, mounted on a grev iwny, like a mule, and put* mg on a lot of style. Tiio judge, a stout, pom Ikius gentleman, tho proprietor of the local public-house, was also thiro; as was tho clerk \- .. of the course and tho members of the commit important gentlemen, wearing rosettes, abmt in uh aimless way. Mr. *m*>-WAs thore; laughing and chatting “lil'I’ioK aaide to the Oiu.^pme Alice was paruth .every third • man 2552?;. • -°*™ford and Alice X lie news spread like tliey riderlmd boon thrown oarly in themorning, and hurt his leg ho that it would bo impossible for i him to mount. Hero was a how-d’yo-do? Everybody knew | Vixen’s terni»er; alio would permit no one on her back but Alice and tho hurt stable boy, j young Cody, Vixen’s backers groaned in spirit, and each and all felt their (lay’s sport was sennit; tho | steeplechase would bo a gift for Kaglo hawk, an the whole meeting would prove as stale as beer drawn yesterday. There wn« I nothing for, it but to take another whiskey! and bear up. By-and-byo, however, a rumor went round : Vixen was to run—yet, who could ride her to win but Cody?—it was a forlorn hope at tho bast. Tho three preceding races were run without exciting much interest, and then tho horses for the steeple trotted down to tho scratch, and tho crowd pressed to that poiut; and as Jim came cantering along the sward, mounted on his magnificent chestnut, the people cheered madly, and tho air wasderkoned with hats. Jim wore his colors, blue and white with blue cap, and looked handsome enough to touch tho heart of tho coldest damsel. Eagle* hawk was in tho pink of condition, and Mb supjsirtors wore vociferous in their praise, “ Vixen 1 Vixen !!” Yes, here she comes, led by Mr. Stanford, and looking fit for anything. She receives an ovation equal to that accorded to Eagleliawk. But who shall ride her? where’s the jockey ? Tho query is still on tho lips of the people, when a slight figure in a short, tight-fitting riding-habit, wearing a bright pink cap and a pink sash. Vixen’s colors, breaks through tho crowd, and tikes her stand at the side of tho black mure. “ Miss Alice!” Tho cheers are deafening; the people go wild with excitement, and sway about like a field of corn before a breeze. It is noticed that Vixen is carrying a very small side-saddle. ! Alice is going ro i ldo her. A red sp it burns in either cheek of the girl; her lips are firmly set, and *-ho looks beautiful, indeed, patting tlio glossy, arched neck of her Mr. Stanford looks perturbed, and before assisting Alice to the saddlo ho makes a final ineffectual appeal to her to abandon her mad cap undertaking. But Alice is firm ; she will j never give it up of her own free will. "When she first proposed to ride Vixen for tho steeple, Mr. Stanford laughed at it as a joke, but by ;arguing, coaxing, tears and care^sos, she had ;at length gained his consent. Ho knew his daughter to bo a fearless equestrienne, and had grown nccu •'turned to seeing her take Vixen over three-railed fences at a gallop. Ho thought her safe if shu kept out of the ruck, and know he could trust Vixen for that much. “ Be very careful, darling 1” ** Never fo u*, father ; Vixen and I know each other. Alice sits her horse with porfect grace ; the reins are gathered in her right hand, whilst she graspi a keen whip in her left. She looks straight before her. awaiting the word, and once more thy crowd cheers lustily. 44 Vixen will win I” She bows to them, smiles, and answers ' “ Vixen will win l” All in a line the horses stand, champing thuir bits impatiently. Vixen has the inside ruuningj Kuglehawk is further a-(ield, and Jim is scanning Alice’s face nervously ; ho is think ing more of her danger now thau of the race. | . 41 All ready?” I ; “Go!” “ They are off ! they are off! !” With a bravo sweep the horses fly bast, bo tween two linos of eager faces. Tho first, second, and third jumps are cleared; an out sider falls at tho fourth. Once round. Alice rides magnificently, holding hur mare with wr'iHts of stool, and sitting as if she were merely taking a canter across tho paddock. Jim rides beside her, watching hor every motion. Kuglehawk and Vixen keep neck and neck.. Twice round, and only five horses are loft on tho course. Three times Eagleliawk is pulling all ho can, and looks fresh us a rose. Vixen keopsby his side, not a bit troubled, but hor ridor is deathly pale, and, with lips apart and fixed eyes, she sits staring before her; hor wrists have weakened, and a strange dread is in her heart. Vixen takes the bit in hor mouth, and is un manageable. The people see this as the pair rush past, and are as quiet as mice; they have ceased scream ing: “Vixen wins !” ' See! Alice is rolling in her saddle, tho marc has broken from tho course, and is thundering across country through tho 4 sparse timber, heading, direct for No. 5 cutting, the deepest on the lmo. ^ | Jim caught a look of agonized appeal in the girl’s eyes as Vixen swerved, and in a second Eaulehawk is at Vixen’s heels. Now startsi the race ; tho stakes are a life., There is nothing that can prevent tho frightened mire from dualling with hor ridor over tho cutting if Kuglehawk is not tho better horse. ! On, on tho two gallop, beating tho hollow earth with their fierce hoofs, and throwing up the soft, green turf at every stride. “ Now who will win, Vixen or Kuglehawk ?” The people stream after the flying horses, but not a cry. is heard, till at length one shout comes from every throat» “ Eagleliawk will do it 1” Slowly but surely Eagleliawk works up be side thomaio,’ Jim has reached Vixen’s rein. Dragged from his own horse, heelings manfully to tho marc, and, though bruised and beaten by her iron hoofs, he succeeds in stopping her sufficiently to allow of Alice slipping to the ground. Then .Tim is beaten down, and five seeonds later Vixen rushes headlong into the cutting. • Alice run to the young man’s side, and lifted his bleeding head. Ho opened his eyes, laughed and said: “Thank God 1 Kaglehawk won 1” ; Jim was taken to Mr. Stanford’s home on a stretcher, and nobody cared a hang about any more racing that day. The doctor reported a broken1 arm, and several scalp wounds, but nothing serious enough to militatu against ,lho. pleasure of being nursed by Alice. Vixen broke hor neck in the fall. • tJi It will not surprise tho gentle reader to know that; .before. Jim was strong enough to resume his duties at the store, he and Alice had agreed that they had.''Invent each other from the very first inomoiit thoy met—which is a moat peculiar thing. Eagleliawk was Mrs. Warn’d favorite horse as long as he lived, and when ho died his grave was not unhonored. B>bby came into the house sobbing and told his mother that Tommy Wi.ite had Kicked him. “ Well, Tommy White is a very ha l boy,” said Bobby’s mother, giving him a huge piece of cake, “ You didn’t kick him back, did you?'* “ No,” replied Bjbby, between bites, “ I kicked him first.” “Habit” is bard to overcome. If you take off the first letter it doaen’t change “ a hi',” If you take off another you have a “bit” left. If you take off another the the whole of “it” remains. If you re move another it is now “ t ” totally used up. All of which goes to show that if you wish to bi rid of a bid habit you must throw it off altogether. • The members, of a brass band at Concord, U aited States, were piactioing in the rooms in the fourth story of a warehouse, when fire broke out in the budding and they had to jump from the windows. Those who havo lived near a place where a band, or a single member of a band, habitually practices on bra s , horns, Will a’way* bdicvotbxt the buinirgof that warehouse was the work of an incendiary. There is nothing much more .mournful, or which causes greater despera tion on the part of tho listener, than the [tooting of mi amateur band, piaitieiiig on a inew tunc, tnib member trying to play it ifilone, in his own way, One can sympathize ■with the poor p’a'era, sb they fill their cheeks, and blow until tln-ir skulls crack, i iud their car* rug, and they blow a front! t -o’b mit, l nt why do they do it, if it is su h * work 7 Most people would lather never hear a brass laud play thau listen to the piui ice. However, 1 bat fire at Concord might have been an accident, but a sharp detective | could find clues that might work up into arson, and attempted murder, but tho judge | would acquit th- incendiary, if convicted, on | ground of self defenc , or insanity, 