BEN-HUR; THE DAYS OF THE MESSIAH. BT LEW. WALLACE. BOOK SIXTH. CHAPTER IV.-A TIUAL OF LOVE, It was aark when, parting with the drovar inside the gate, Ben-Hur turned into a narro w lane leading to the south, A few of the peopia whom he met saluted him, The bouldering of the pavement was rough. The houses on both sides were low, dark, and cheerless ; the doora all closed : from the roofs, occasionally, hehaard women crooning to children T'le loneliness of his situation, the m^ht, the uncertainty clunking the object of his aiming, all affected hitu cheer lessly. With feeliugs sinking lower and lov.'^r he came directly to the deep reservoir now known as the Pool of Bcthesda, in which the water reflected the overpesiding sky, L wkin" up he beheld the northern wall of the Tower o! Antonia, a black frowning heap reared into the dim steel-grey sky. He halted as if chal lenged by a threatening sentinel. The Tower stood up so high, and seemsd ao vast, reBting apparently upon foundations so ture, that he was constrained to ackno vtedga its Btrength. If his mother were there in living burial, what could he do for her? By tha strong hand, nothing. An army might beat the stony face with ballista and ram, and ba laughed at. Against him alone the gigantic south-east turret looked down in the self-con tainment of a hill. And he thought cunnin" is so easily baffled ; and God, always the last resort of the helple&a-God; is sometimes so slo tt to act! In doubt and rri,--giving he turned into tha street in front of the Tower, and followed it slowly on to the west. Over in Btzetha he knew there was a khan, where it was his intention to seek lodging while in the city ; but just now he could not reaiat the impulse to go noma. His heart drew hita that way. The old f«rmal salutation which ha received from the few people who passed him h;td never sounded so pleasantly. Presently, all tha eastern sky began to silver and shine, and ob jects before invisible in the west-chiefly t'ua fall towers on Mount Zi >n-emerged from a Bbadowy depth, and put on spectral distinct ness, floating, as it were, above the yawning blacknesB of the valley below, very castlea ia the air, Of those who read this page some there will be to divine his feelings without prompting. They are such as had happy homes in their jouth, no matter how far that may have been back in time-homes which are now tha starting-points of all recollection ; paradise3 from which they went forth in tears, and which they would now return to, if thsy could, as little children ; places of laughter and HngiDj?, and associations dearer than any or all the triumphs of after- life. At the gate on the north side of tha old house Ben-Hur stopped. In the corners tha wax used in the sealing-up was still plainly seen, and across the valves was the board with the inscription " THIS IS THE PROPERTY OF THE EMPEROR." Nobody had gone in or out of the gate sines the dreadful day of the separation. Should ha knock SB of old ? It was useless, he knew; yet he could not resist the temptation. Amrah might hear, and look out of one of tha windows on that eide, Taking a stone he mounted the broad ttone step and tapped three times. A dull echo replied. He tried again, louder than before; and again, pausing each time to listsn. The silence was mocking. Retiring into tha street he watched the windows; but they, too, were lifeless. The parapet on the roof wa3 de fined sharply against the brightening sky; nothing could have stirred upon it unseen by him, and nothing did stir, From the north side he passed to the west, where there were four windows which ha watched long and anxiously, but with as littla effect. At times his heart sweJled with impo tent wishes; at others he trembled at tha deceptions of his own fancy. Amrah made no sign-not even a ghost stirred, Silently then he stole round to the south. There, too, the gate was sealed and inscribed. The mellow splendor of the August moon pouring over the crest of Olivet, since teemed the Mount of Offence, brought the lettering boldly out; and he read, and was filled with rage. All he could do was to wrench tha boaid from its nailing, and hurl it into tha ditch, Then he sat upon the step and prayed for the New King, and that His coming might be hastened. As his blood cooled, insensibly he jieldtd to the fatigue of long travel in tha nimmer lieat, and sank down lower, and ab last slept. About that time two women came down the street from the direction of the To.ver of Antonia, approaching the palace of tha 'dura. They advanced stealthily, with timid steus, pautiug often to iisteD. At the corner of tha irgged pile one said to the other in a low voice " This is it. Tirzah." And Tirzah, after a look, caught her mother's hand and leaned upon her heavily, sobbing, but silent. "Let us go on, my child, because"-tha mother hesitated and trembled ; then, with an effort to be calm, continued-"because when morning comes they will put us out of the gata of the city to-return no more." Tirzah sank almost to the stones. "Ah, yes !" she said between sobs ; "I for got. I had the feeling of going home. But we are lepers, and have no homes; we belong to the dead !" The mother stooped and raised her tenderly, saying, " We have nothing to fear. Let us go on." Indeed, lifting their empty hands, they could have run upon a legion and put it to flight. And, creeping in close to the rough wall, they glided on, like two ghosts, till they came to the gate, before which they also paused. Seeing the board, tney stepped upon the stone in the scarce cold tracks of Ben-Hur, and read the inscription-"This is the Proper ;y of the Emperor," Then the mother clasped her hands, and, with upraised eje, moaned in unutterable anguish. " What now, mother ? You scare me!" And the answer was, presently, "Oh, Tirzah, the poor are dead ! he is dead !" "Who, Brother ?:J "Your brother! They took everything from him-everything-even this house \" " Poor !" taid Tirzah vacantly. "He will never be able to help us." "And then, mother?" "To-mcrrow-to-morrow, my child, we must find a seat by the wayside, and beg alms as tha lepers do; beg, or " Tirzah leaned upon her again, and said whispering, "Let us die " No !" the mcther said firmly. " Tha Lord has appointed cur times, and we are believers in the Lord. We will wait on Him even in this. Come away !'' She caught Tirzah's hand as sha spoke, and haMeiud to the west corner of the house, keeping close to the wall. No one being ia sight there the> kept on to the next corner, and shrar k from the moonlight, which lay exceedingly blight over the whole south froir, aL'd yloug a part of the street. The mothir s will was strong. Casting one look b>ck and up to the windows on the wast side she stepo j<t out into the light, drawing Tirzih after her; acd the extent of their affliction was then to oa feen-on their lips and cheeks, in their bleared tye?, in their cracked hands; especially in tha lung, snaky locks, like their eyebrows, ghastly white. Nor was it possible to have told which was mother, which daughter; both alike seemed witcb-Jike old. "Hist!" said the mother, " There is soma one lying upon the step-a man. Let us go round him." They crossed to the opposite side of the street quickly, and in the shade there, moved on till before the gate, where they stopped. "He is asleep, Tirzah !" The man was very still. "Stay here, and I will try the gate." To saying, the mother stole noiselessly across, and ventured to touch the wicket; she never knew if it yielded, for that moment the man sighed, and, turning restlessly, shifted the handkerchief on his head in such ramaer that the face was left upturned and fair ia tiie broad aoonlight. She looked dosvn at it aud started; and then looked ag-.tin, stooping a little, and ' arose and clasped her hands and raited her eyes to heaven in mute appaal. An instant so, and she ran back to Tirzah. " AB the Lord liveth, the man is my sou thy brother!" she said in an awe- iufp'riug whisper, " My brother ?-Judah The mother caught her hand eagerly. " Coice!" she said -in the same enforced whisper, " let ns look at him together-ouca more-only once-then help Thou Thy ser vants, Lord !" They crossed the strpet hand in hand ghostly quick, ghostly-still. When their shadows full upon him, they stopped. One of his hands was lying out upon the Btep palm up. Tirzih fell upon her knees and would have kissed it; but the mother drew her back. " Not for thy life, not for thy life ! Unclean, unclean !" 6he whispered. Tirzah shrank from him as if he were tha leprous one. Ben-Hur was handsome as the manly are. His chetks and forehead were swarthy from exposure to the desert sun and air; yet under the light moustache the lips were red and tha teeth shone white, and the soft beard did not bide the full roundness of chin and thcoit, How beautiful he appeared to the mother's eyes ! How mightily she yearned to put her arms about him and take hia head upon har boscm and kiss him, as had been her wont in biB happy childhood ! Where got sha the strength to resist the impulse 1 From her love, 0 reader!-her mother-love, which, if thou wilt observe well, hath this unlikeness to any other love; tender to the objt-ct, it can ba in finitely tyrannical to itself, and thence all its power of self-sacrifice. Not tor restoration to health and fortune, not for any blessing of life, rot fur life itself, w^uld shf have left her leprous kiss npon his cheek ! Yet touuh him she mutt; in that instant of finding him she must renounce him (or ever! How bitter, bitter baid it was, let some other mother say, She knelt down, and. crawling to his feet, touched the sole of one of his sjudjls with her lips, yellow though it was with the dust of the street-and touched it fceain and again; and her very soul was in the kisie3. He stirred, and toesed his head. Ihey moved back, but heard him muster in bis dream " Mother ! Amrah ! Where is He fell oS into the deep sleep. Tiizah stared wistfully. The mother put 1 er face iu the Oust, struggling to suppress a job BO d^ep and utrosg it seemed her heart was bursting. Almost she wished he might waken. He had asked for her; she was not forgotten; in his Eleep he was thinking of her. Was it tot enongh? Presently the mother beckoned to Tirzah, and tbey aro.-e, and taking one more look, as if to print his image past fading, hand in hand they lecroFPtd the street, back in the shade of the wall there they retired and knelt, look ing at him, waiting for bim to w.ike-waiting feme revelation, tbey kneiv not what. No body has yet given m a measure for the patience of a love like theirs. By and by, the sleep being yet upon him, another woman appeared at the corner of the palace, Q he two in the shade saw her plainly in the light; a small figure, much bent, dark tkinned, grey-haired, dressed neatly in ser vant's garb, and carrying a basket fall of vegetables. At sifcbt of the man upon the step the new comer stopped ; then, as if decided, Bhe walked on-very lightly as she drew near the sleeper, Passing round him she went to the gate, slid the wicket latch easily to one side, and put her hand in the opening. One of the broad boards in the left valve swung ajar without noibe. She put the basket through, and was about to follow when, yielding to curiosity, she lingered to have one look at the stranger whose face was below her in open view. The spectators across the street heard a low exclamation, and saw the woman rnb her eyes as if to renew their power, bend closer down, clasp her hands, gaze wildly around, look at the sleeper, stoop and raise the outlying hand, and kiss it fondly-that which they wished so mightily to do, but d^red not. Awakened by the action, Ben-Hur instinc tively withdrew the hand ; as he did bo, his eyes met the woman's. ^ "Amrah ! 0 Amrah, is it thou ?" he said. The good heart made no answer in words, but fell upon hia neck, crying for joy. Gently he put her arms away, and lifting the dark face wet with tears, kissed it, his joy only a little less than hers. Then those across the way heard him eay " Mother-Tirzah-0 Amrah, tell me of them ! Speak, speak, I pray thee !" Amrah only cried afresh. ' Thou ha6t seen them, Amrah, Thou ksowest where they are; tell me they are at home," Tirzah moved, but the mother, divining her purpose, caught her and whispered, "Do not go-not for life. Unclean, unclean !" Her love was in tyrannical mood. Though both their hearts broke, he should not become what they were ; and she conquered. Meantime Amrah, so entreated, only wept the more. " Wert thou going in ?" he asked presently, seeing the boar d swung back. "Gome then; I will go with thee." He arose as he spake. " The RomanB-be the curse of the Lord upon them !-the Romans lied. The house is mine. Rise, Amrah, and let ua go in." A moment and they were gone, leaving the two in the shade to behold the gate staring blankly at them-the gate which they might Dot ever enter more. They nestled together in the dust. They had done their duty, Their love was proven. Next morning they wtre founi and driven out tfce city with Btones. "Begone! Ye are of the dead: go to the dead !" With the doom ringing in their ears they vent forth. 