Hamlet. Hamlet, prince of Denmark, had a griev- ance. This grievance was caused by the death of his father, who according to Hamlet's idea, was a man from the ground up, and one that you don't run across every day in the week, not even in Boston or Philadelphia. One day Hamlet heard of a stray ghost, re- sembling his father very much, prowling around at night, and as his father was in the habit of prowling around at night when he was alive, Hamlet came to the conclusion that this ghost must be his father's. Hamlet had a friend on the police force named Horatio, and as this ghost prowled around on Horatio's beat, Hamlet laid for the ghost one night. Horatio and Hamlet had a little conversation, and Hamlet had smoked a couple of cigarettes, when all of a sudden the ghost appeared on time. Hamlet was almost frightened to death for some unknown reason. Probably he thought his father (the ghost) had seen him smoking the cigarettes, and was going to give a lecture on the bad effects of the filthy weed, and slam him against the fence, just as he did before he became a spook. However, the ghost said nothing about the cigarettes, as he had more serious business in his mind, so to speak. After he had enticed Hamlet away from Horatio, he told him a tals that made each particular hair curdle in his veins, and his blood stand on end, and made him groan in a frightful manner. The ghost cleared his throat, and went on to tell how his own brother Claudius poured the juice of Hebenon in his ear one afternoon while he was gently snoozing in his own garden. This juice of Hebenon went through his system at a 2.10 gait, and when it pulled out at the grand stand, there was a dead king in Denmark. Claudius had won the race, but it was a mean thing for him to do. There is one redeeming feature in Claudius, and that is he evidently repented the cruel deed he had committed, and thinking he ought to suffer some for it, married the queen, and filled his brother's place as well as he could. After Hamlet heard the ghost's story he became very gloomy, and went around mutter- ing something about gardens that needed weeding, &c.; The consequence was that King Claudius smelt a mouse, and made up his mind to send Ham, as he was familiarly called, to some foreign country for the first little indis- cretion he committed. He did not wait long, for Ham soon after killed an old idiot named Polonius, for which little pleasantry his uncle Claudius sent him to England. As Buffalo Bill was not in England at the time of Ham's visit he did not care to stay there long, and Claudius was surprised one morning at break- fast to receive a little note from his nephew, saying he was back in Denmark 'busted,' and almost starved to death. Besides all this trouble, Hamlet had a little family feud to settle. Laertes, the son of Polonius, whom Ham had slain, was hunting for him and talked about cutting his throat in a church, stamping on him, and amusing himself generally at Ham's expense. (Editor's note: We have made diligent research and find that the Tollivers, of Kentucky, are descendants of Laertes.) Claudius became Laertes's business manager, and got Ham into a nice little hole by arrang- ing a duet with swords between him and Laertes. As Ham played the treble he had things his own way at the beginning, but in the finale, where it required good work by the bass performer, Laertes put Ham out of his misery. All the other parties implicated kill each other, and the curtain descends while slow music fills the audience with anguish. — Texas Siftings. 