OUR STORY. WAS IT A DREAM? Okb day in the early spring, I was re turning from s trip to the country. I was tired, and lay down to rest in the shade of an old oak tree, dose by the bankBof the babbling river.; It was at the foot of a green meadow, and bnt a step from the. publicroad. A conntryman on his way to town stopped and entered into a con versation, in the coarse of which he in formed me that a1 terrible murder had once been committed beneath that tree, dose to where I was seated. He could give me none of the particulars—it had happened long before his day—a few years after the close Of the Revolutionary war; he only knew that one Marsden, a wealthy' gentleman, had murdered his young wife and her supposed paramour upon that spot. If he had the time he could show me where Marsdeu's residence once stood, but he was in a hurry, and passed on. These facts made a deep impression upon my mind, and; I sat and pondered i over what I had heard withont regard to the flight of time. The sun had gone to rest behind the distant ridge of hills; the curtain of -darkness was enwrapping the world; the stars twinkled forth one by one in the far-ofi sky ; the owl sent forth his dull, monotonous cry, and the .river tinkled musically onward over its rocky bed, and seemed to bid me rise and fol low it; but I disobeyed its call and lin gered on., I knew not what a strange ex perience would be mine ./ere I again left toe spot: Thethunders ofthe.war ofthe Revela tion have ceased to reverberate among the hills and valleys of the new-born Ame rica; the white flag of peace streams on the breeze, and the busy hum of active la bour fills the land ; the soldiers, young and old, have all returned to their sweet hearts, movers, wiveB, and children, co vered wi. ^lory and renown, and are bending their energies to the task of making the infant republic the grandest of all governments upon the face >of the globe. A morn in June ; a bright sun and a cloudless sky ; dew drops glittering like millions of diamonds strewn by the hands of. fairies over the waving grass; sweet songbirds on the branches of every nod ding tree, fill the flower- scented air with melody. Stretched beneath a sturdy oak, I rest full length upon the sward, drink ing iu all the beauty, the melody, and the perfume of the fair moruing. What a strange \being I am. I have life, thought, and motion, but I am in visible. I know the minds, the feelings, and the souls of all with whom I come in contact; but they never feel or seem to kno w of my presence. But hist ! I hear approaching foot steps. I raise myself slightly and see coming towards me a tall, broad-shoul dered man In the very prime of life—a handsome man, with curling hair and blazing eyes. Elegantly is he clad in the dress of that period, immediately succeed ing the revolution. Some trouble is ou his mind, for his .brows are contracted, and his hands very tightly-clenched .together, and he mutters constantly to himself. TjT"feeT"tfefttI jBUSt be with him, and know his ways. So, gliding to his side, together we walk up* the sloping path way, inthe direction of that * white, yine-embowered cottage we see yonder up the crest of that green hill. X am not with the poor fellow long before I know his trouble. - His soul is dis tracted with jealousy. He suspects his young bride of infidelity to him. * What eh&U; I do 1' he moans almost constantly. ' Oh, what shall I do ? The woman whom I had placed above all others, and whom I hold dearer than my ownsoul, is Xalse..a Perhaps it is Mars-, den jealonsy that has possession of me. I can only wait and see—only wait and see.' We are now near the boose, and from out of the vine-wreathed porch a girlish figure springs, and with light graceful steps skims over the beautiful flower covered lawn to meet and greet her hus band. What a rarely beautiful creature she is -—with a form so slight, so wondrously moulded—such dewy brown eyes so full of ten denies and sweet expression ! Her fair hair, that gleamB and glints in the sunshine, falls over shoulders like golden veil, and her lips, red and clear as ripe strawberries, part over teeth whiter than any. pearl ever extracted from the old ocean. I do not wonder that the husband worships her as wildly as he does. She throws "Tier' "snowy, -jewelled arms around the broad shoulders of Marsden, and holds up the red and fragrant lips to be kissed. I know the man feels like thrusting her from him, and pouring forth upon her defenceless head the fury long smothered within his breast. Far better would it have been had he done so. But he controls himBelf by a great effort lightly kisses the little mouth, and, walks on in silence to the house, she clinging to his arm. She is a childish, innocent thing, I know. Ho guile in her heart—no stain on her soul. How terribly blind hu manity is. I know her thoughts, and can even hear the blood as it ripples through her veins, and know that every i drop drawn from the warm, trusting heart is consecrated to the broad shoal-j dered, jealous creature whose name she On arriving at the house Marsden ex cases himself and retires to Lib apartment. Bowing his head upon a table, he mutters j brokenly— * Oh, it must be so! Old Pompey can not be mistaken. Twice, he says, has she met him in the last ten days, at the foot of the meadow by the old oak tree. If I find this report to be true, his life, at least, shall pay the penalty for bringing disgrace on Marsden's name.' ^ Out in die garden, in the latticed sum I mer Boose s little white clad figure Is crouched in & corner of the rustic bench. Bobbing faintly. , 'I must tell Silas to-night ^HiSs snii pense has almost unendurable. Silas is so prond—but then he secured his pardon once, and gave him money to start afresh —and he thinks now he is far away: Oh, how. angry he wonld be did he know of thia new trouble! Poor, erring boy, I lore him so. To-morrow he will be gone, and then I will tell Silas—my dear, dear husband.' She rises from her seat", but she no tices not the scrap of white paper that has -fallen from her bosom to the'ground. By some strange fatality Silas Marsden enters the summer house immediately his wife leaves it Almost the first object that greets his gaze is the scrap of paper. Imagining evil in everything, he gathers it eagerly up, and with fast beating heart and changing countenance reads the fol lowing : ' Dearest—Meet me at the old oak tree, at the foot of the meadow, at dnsk this evening. To-morrow all will be over. Do not fail to come. Lovingly. H.' Poor, unhappy Silas Marsden. One paroxysm after anoiher of rage and jea lousy convulses bis frame, and he otters curses loud and deep. Murder Is in his heart, and it is sometime before he grows calm enough to form his plan of definite action. ' Out in the sonny world all is joy and gladness. The crickets chirp OHt clear and shrill; myriads of birds poor their sweetest songs ; and the breeze, as it sweeps softly onward, bears upon its bosom the perfnme of a thousand bright flowers. But all this brightness, all this song and happiness, are not shared in by the miserable Marsden, His blood Barges through his veins like seething molten fire, and his heart feels as if it -would tear itself asunder. Back to the house he presently rushed, and, calling his wife to him, hurriedly tells her that he has been sum moned away on urgent business, to be detained he does not know how long. The innocent wife knowing not what is in his heartbids him good-byeand wishes him success. The green-eyed monster, rank ling in his Boul, makes him fancy that she smiles and is cheerful at his departure. Fearful ef losing his self control he rushed off and away through the sweet scented forest toward the vil Night, dark, gloomy night. The sky an .unearthly, lurid hue ; the atmosphere heavy and oppressive; the occasional flash of lightning; the sullen mutter ings .of thunder among the hills; the soughing sigh of the wind in the tall tree tops; the weird wailing of - the great throated frogs in the river; the low flight of the leather-winged bat, all tell of an approaching storm. Odd! but there, by that old oak tree, at the foot cf the Marsden meadows, a man' and woman are lingering. By the strange light emitted from the clouds I see them plainly. He is tall and hand some, she is -slight -and graceful. The woman is Silas Marsden's wife—the man —well, I know, because I know every thing—but the trembling angry man here ,at my side does not. Silas Marsden and 1,- his constant, invisible companion, are here behind the decaying tree that had been fcyen and blasted by the lightning holt. Ke is nervously clutching a gleam ing pistol, t gazing passively on. We hear the voices of the man and the woman. They are talking low, and it seems lovingly. Jfow they are about to part." We see the man reach out his arms and draw the womanto hiB breast. We hear him say, * Farewell, my love,' and his lips met her's in lingering kisses. My God! The man at my side leaps forth from his concealment with an awful cry—such as I had never heat;d before— of mingled rage and despair, and fires his pistol several times in succession,.at the couple. An owl, alarmed at the uqusual commotion, flaps heavily away among' the trees ; a dreadful, death-like how reign3 ; the sky assumes a blood-red hue, and imi parte to all objecte the same horrible co lour. Oh! it is a terrible night, and my heart grows numb with a ghastly terror, and the very marrow freezes in my bones. Were the shots effective ? Yes, very. For the man lies motionless and dead, never moving after falling so heavily to the gronnd. At a little distance from him lies the woman—moaning and gasping; her white dresB all Btained and dabbled with blood ; the rosebuds falling withered and dying from her golden hair, and the jewelled hands clutching convulsively at the trembling grass. Oh ! it is a terrible night.' " No sooner are the shots fired, and the man sees his dreadfnl work, than remorse seizes upon him, and he rushes to the side of the prostrate woman, and tenderly lifting her head from the ground, pillows it upon his bosom. The great brown eyes unclose for an instant, and a light of joy illuminates them ; the pale lips murmur caressingly, ' My poor brother—dead—Silas, my hus band—my own—But the sentence is never finished, for the sunny head falls back, the loving eyes close for ever, and the spotless, innocentsoul is quietly borne by angel hands over the jasper sea, through the 'gates ajar,* to life and rest eternal. A terrible night dawns upon the nn happy murderer. With a hoarse cry of agony he rushes to the dead man, and bending low he looks closely at the up turned, rigid face. The countenance tells an awful tele. j * My God !' he gasps. My wife's out lawed brother 1 I thought he was far t away * Oh why was I so fearfully blind ? He rises from the ground, and dashes like a hunted animal into a depth of the forest. A flash of lightning, a burst of thunder, and the threatened storm bursts forth. Oh, it is a terrible night! * * * # * * , A wretched wanderer in Europe, under an assumed name, after a lapse of two years, I wain see Silas Marsden. Over the snow-covered mountains of Switzer land, the sunny slopes of Italy, the vine clad hills of Germany, the bonny vales of France, the foggy streets of London, the gay resorts of Paris—here, there, every where, he has sought the blessed boou of peace—surcease from sorrow. But, alas! it is not granted him! A haggard, half crazed man, he wanders oh and on, plunging into all sorts of recklessness and j debauchery, seeking for that which is denied him. ' Constantly his innocent victims are with him—in the waking hours of the dread midnight, iu the full glare of the noonday bud, in the crowded city, in the quiet country, he sees their blood-stained forms. Hourly he curses himself and his blind jealously. Poor man—hard, in deed, is his position ! Now we are hack again in America, iu the third storey of a squalid hotel in the lonely quarter of a great city. It is mid night, and the anniversary of that terrible murder iu the Marsden meadows. Again a fearful storm is raging. For three days Marsden has been without rest. For hours tie has lain there upon that miser able cot, listening to the howling storm, striving to forget the past. The hour of , midnight, rang out by a clock in a neigh bouring belfry, is borne quiveringly by the sighing wind to his listening ears. The last stroke dies away. With the old cry on his lips, Marsden springs from the bed, draws a pistol from his bosom, places it to his temple, fires, and sinks to the floor a bloody corpse. Beneath the spreading bough of the old oak by the river, at the foot of the Man den meadows, I rest again. It is night, calm and clear, with a faint inoon shining in the sky. Suddenly the air grows dense with a sulphurous odour, : and from oat the gloom comes Silas Mars- | den, with the same haggard, restless look upon his face. He laps one skinny hand upon ray shoulder and greets me as he would an old acquaintance. The airs grows heavier with the sulphurous smell, a ghastly bine light illumes the scene ; the ' hand resting on my shoulder seems burn ing and searing my flesh to the very bone, < a strange horror pervades my system—I : try to scream, and make a desperate ef fort to leave the spot; a bell suddenly booms ont with a sullen roar, and I And myself standing, dazed and bewildered, in the public road, a few feet from the spot where I lay down to rest at the beginning of this story. I had certainly been asleep, and the night was far advanced and dark as pitch. All was still as death, save the murmuring of the little river close by. I felt like one who had been suffering from a terrible night mare, and it waB with difficulty that I find my way back to the village, and to my lodgings. After that I was sick for several days ; but the physician said my illness was caused by lying on the damp ground. I did not tell him of my strange experience nor of the painful condition of my shoulder, which lingered with me for; many days. I am not a superstitious person, but I shall always firmly believe that the ghost of the dead and gone Marsden returned to earth that night and took me with him down the vale of years, and showed me his past life.— -Sunday Times. 