ALL THE WORLD AT WAR. By WALTER BESANT. Author of "Shepherds All and Maidens Fair," "By Oelia's Arbor," "The Golden Butterfly," etc., etc. There must hare been a good sum of money in the whole, because the bags were pretty heavy to carry. I dropped them cautiously out of window, crept out- side myself and carried away the bags. The great undershot wheel of the mill occupied, as we know already, one end Of the building which formed both mill and cottage. It stood here under a broad, sloping penthouse of heavy thatch which made it dart in the brightest day. Once, long before, when the wheel was stopped for some repairs, I held it in its place by a wooden spoke and amused myself by climbing to the top under this projecting roof. It was a girl's trick, and rather a dangerous one. I got no good, not even the nest which I expected to find; out I saw hidden away in the darkness a great hook stuck in the wall. What it was originally placed there for I do not know, but it was so high up, so hidden by the wheel and the black shadows of the roof, that it was quite invisible from below. That was the place for my bags First I succeeded by tying a spoke of the wheel to one of the beams in the wood work in keeping the wheel, over which the water was no longer run- ning, motionless while I climbed up. Then I mounted the wheel, which was now like a ladder, and clambered up three or four of the undershot buckets till I could reach the wall close under the roof. Here I felt about in the darkness till I found the hook, and then tying the end of the string securely to it I lowered the bags slowly into the black water be- neath. I heard above the noise of the falling water the splash of the bags, I felt them touch the bottom, and then with a great gladness in my heart, thinking of Joshua's rage when he should find out his loss, I cautiously descended from the perilous perch, untied the spoke and con- sidered what to do next. The first temptation—a childish one— was to hurl stones at bis bedroom win- dow, so as to awaken him and bring him down, but I abandoned that idea, as an- other and a more brilliant one occurred to me. Joshua had sold twenty kegs out of the cargo to Mr. Mallock, the justice of the peace. No doubt he had arranged, or was arranging, for the sale of all the rest. No doubt, too, he intended adding the pro- ceeds of this transaction to the pile—aha! the pile beneath the hearthstone. I set off to run almost the whole of the way back to Rousdon, under the impulse of this new idea, which filled my mind. It was about 11 o'clock, as I should judge. It took me nearly an hour before I got to Kousdon farm. I had business to do, and there would be no thought of bed for me that night. But first I went into the house, found some supper, and procured certain handy tools necessary for my p??- pose. Had I time to do it? It had taken nearly four hours to remove the cargo of the Dancing Polly from the boat to the hiding place; could I do what I proposed in six? I would try. There certainly was no stronger girl than myself along the whole shore. The life I had led in the open air—the rowing, sailing and fishing; the gardening, the rambles and climbs among the crags of the Holmbush fields and Pinhay point; the sea bathing, the generous but simple dis? —all these, added to a physique to which dame nature had been generous, made me active and muscular above the average even of young women living like myself. Yet it was a heavy task which I proposed to effect. It was nothing less than to carry every single keg down to the sea shore, turn out the contents, fill them with sea water and carry them back again. Fifty kegs at least. Two hundred journeys up and down that steep cliff, each time with a weighty burden. But the thought of Joshua's consternation when he should discover it gave me courage. When I had got all but six or seven down the cliff another thought struck me. There were the two kegs for my inform- ant, John Beer. It would not be fair to give him sea water, after the service he had done. There was also the poor old rector. What would he do without his brandy? and unless I provided for him, he would get none till Dan and the boys came home again. So I removed the last six and carried them away to a place where I was pretty certain Joshua would not think of looking for them. And then I proceeded to the next part of my task. The kegs were now all in a row upon the beach, lying on their sides. I went from one to the other, and with my ham- mer and chisel forced out the bung from every one. In a few minutes the smooth water of the little bay was salt water brandy grog, rather weak, and the kegs were empty. To fill them again quickly was more dif- ficult. I had to take off shoes and stock- ings, tuck up skirts, and wade in the water, carrying each keg separately. It was now growing late. I must have been at work five hours, and yet the kegs had all to be carried back. Well, it was done at length. The day was breaking as the last keg was laid in its place, and the brambles pulled together to hide them. The tide had come up in the bay, and washed away all the traces of the brandy which had been spilt so freely on the stones. I sat down and tried to think soberly what I had done. A villain was punished; the meanest, most treacherous, most cold blooded scoundrelism ever perpetrated had re- ceived some sort of a fit reward. In a few days, perhaps in a few hours, the traitor would find his hearthstone prised up, and his treasure gone. A few hours more, and he would discover that his prize from Ban's unlucky run was not worth the kegs which contained it. And yet I was unsatisfied. All this Would not give me back my lover, nor bring home Dan and the boys, nor undo the misery of the past three weeks. I thirsted for more revenge. When I rose to go home the splendid sun was rising over the waters of the channel, and the morning was clear and bright. Far off on the horizon I saw the sails of a great fleet. It must be Nelson's fleet. Among the ships somewhere were those I loved, going away to sea to face battle, sudden, death, shipwreck, plague and pestilence, all by the act of one man. I lay at home all that morning asleep. At 12 o'clock Mrs. Agus, surprised at my long sleep, awakened me and brought me some dinner. Then I began to think again. In the afternoon arrived my exciseman. "Have you done anything to Joshua Meech, Pleasance?" he asked, in a breath- less way, so that I knew he must have heard something. '"Done anything?" "Ay. Joshua's been robbed—he's been robbed of all his money. He's been tear- ing round town all day. Ho! ho! I hope the information money was with it, too. Who could have robbed him?" 'Who could?' I echoed. 'It must have been some one who had a spite against him. Who but you had a spite? Oh! Pleasance, Pleasance! it's a hanging matter!" "Don't talk wild," I replied. "If Joshua is robbed, so much the better. I am glad of it." John Beer shook his head. He was only half satisfied. "To be sure," he said, "I've seen gyp- sies about. You know best. Well, and how about the kegs, Pleasance?" "I will give you the kegs at once if you will do me another favor. Nay, it is not to tell me more about Joshua; I know quite enough. It is only io carry some brandy to Parson Burden's." "Why, I'll do that," he said, briskly, "and more, for your sake." He took the wheelbarrow and very soon war; trundling my present, which I had resolved to say was Dan's, to the good old rector. On the way he mentioned casually that a press gang was in the neighborhood. "They don't know it, the boys at Lyme, else they'd keep at home for a day or two. There'll be a good few sailors more aboard his majesty's ships when that gang has done its business." I thought nothing at the time. But later on I started, remembering that Joshua had promised to deliver twenty kegs that morning, and that at daybreak he would be at the hiding place. Another thought struck me. I had no doubt, knowing the nature of the business, and the haste made after a run to get the cargo safely stowed away and disposed of, that Joshua intended to take it all in two loads, probably one that morning and one the next. This knowl- edge put a fatal power into my hands. I turned the thought over in my mind till it became a resolution, clear and deter- mined. Since Joshua had sent Dau and all of them away to sea, he should go too. Of course they could not take a miller from his mill—no. But suppose Joshua was caught, in boatman's rig, handling his kegs in Rousdon bay! When John Peer had taken the rector his brandy, and carried off his own to some secure place which he knew of, probably to a friend in the town, a burn- ing desire came over me to see Joshua Meech face to face and to triumph over his misfortunes. Tired as I was with my long night's work, I hastened to put on my hat and set off once more for my three mile walk across the fields. I cannot pretend to anything but a feverish joy that so far my weary head suffered. I knew how mean and parsi- monious he was, how he pinched and saved, denying himself luxuries and liv- ing hardly, in order to feel richer every day. I was quite certain that his chief pleasure was to open his hiding place secretly and count his treasures. I rejoiced to think how, in these moments, there was mixed up a feeling that he was saving up for me, and how that memory would be an additional stab for him. For me? Was it possible, even without his super- human wickedness, for me to look upon another man after my glorious Will? So he had already found out his loss. That was strange. Did he, then, look in the morning to see if it was safe? But perhaps the open window and the hanging shutter awakened his suspicions. I should soon know. As I drew near the mill, and looked down upon it from the top of the steep lane leading from the high road, I could not help feeling the contrast be- tween the beauty of the place and the an- gry passions of its master and the who was going to visit him. But I had to hide my indignation. I composed my features as well as I could, and crossed his orchard. Joshua was sitting on the bench outside the mill. The wheel was slowly going round and round, with its monotonous sound, and the mill was at work. But its master sat motionless, his head on his hands. He was trying to think who could have robbed him. "Joshua!" I cried; "Joshua! What is the matter? Are you asleep?" "I wish I was!" he replied, hoarsely. "I think I shall never be able to sleep again. What do you want, Pleasance?" "I came to tell you, Joshua, that I saw the fleet pass along the horizon this morn- ing. It must be Kelson's. Dan and the rest must be aboard one of the ships" "Ay, ay; no doubt. Well, they—they— they will get through it, I daresay." "Oh, Joshua, what a villain must he be who informed against them! What could we do to that villain to punish him prop- erly? Tell me, Joshua." "Do—do? What could we do? Put him in the duckpond, I suppose," he re- plied wearily. "That would not be half enough, Joshua. I should like to take away all his money" —he started—"and to tell all the world, and send him away forever with the curses of the people." "Ay," he said, "never mind the in- former, Pleasance; listen to me. I've been robbed" "You, Joshua? You robbed?" "I've been robbed of every farthing I had. All in gold—all tied up in bags—all the money I've been saving for years." "All the money you saved to marry me with?" "It is all gone." "Then you can't marry me, which will be removing a temptation, Joshua. But who could have done it?" "I don't know; I can't think. Go away, Pleasance, and let me think by my- self." "Is there any one who is at enmity with you, Joshua?" He shook his head. "Any one whom you have wronged, Joshua?" A flush crossed his face. "Go, child, you can do nothing. Leave me alone." "Joshua," I said, retreating, you are a Methody. Eemember what you said to me 'Patience and kiss the rod.' " I found next morning, on investigating the cache, that twenty kegs of salt water had been taken out, no doubt at daybreak. I rode to Lyme, sought out John Beer, and revealed my new plot. He at once fell in with it. The press gang was in hiding somewhere at Up Lyme. Four of them would be enough to effect the cap- ture. He would tell them where to go, and what they were to expec—a deter- mined man, who would light for his lib- erty, but a good sailor. They were to lie concealed among the rocks, just under the hiding place of the cargo. They were to wait until they heard their victim climbing down the zig- zag road, and then they were to effect the seizure. Above all, they were to take care not to let him be seen in Lyme, Up Lime, Bridport, or any of the places round, where he might be known. Now this seemed to me a really spendid piece of revenge. The other things were very well in their way, but incomplete. Joshua was, no doubt, mad with rage at being robbed of his money, but he would recover in time. Also, he would be en- raged beyond expression at losing his brandy. Still he would recover from that blow. But how would he recover from the blow of being pressed and sent to sea? All that night I did not sleep. I heard toward daybreak the footsteps of the press gang as they crept down the road to the bay. And then I went out in the dark to see for myself what would happen. About 4 o'clock I heard the noise of Joshua's wagon wheels, and then I—I was sitting among the rocks, wondering when the last act of my revenge would be completed—I saw his figure in the moon- light as he strode down the rough way, with the certain tread o£ one who knew the path and had trodden it hundreds of times. His face was shaded by his hat, and I could not see that. He went straight to the place where his treasure lay, and roughly pulling away the brambles he began to take out the kegs. Apparently, from his composure, he had not yet learned from the worthy justice the nature of the new misfortune. As he began work I heard other foot- steps. They were those of the four sail- ors. I saw them, but he did not—being intent upon the job—come cautiously out of the shade of the rock. There was not much to climb—about twenty feet—and they took it, having Joshua well in sight, with a rush and a shout. Joshua sprang to his feet and turned upon his assailants. They carried cut- lasses, but these were not drawn, and each had a stout short cudgel in his hand. Joshua fought like a madman. One after the other he hurled his assailants from him. He was a splendidly strong man. But the others came like bulldogs; they had now caught hold, and they would not let go. When it was all over, he stood with bleeding face and head and arms pinioned close to his sides. He could make no more resistance. He could make no more resistance '"Now, mate," said one of the men, "you come quiet, or we'll make you that quiet as you'll never want to sing no more!" All the rest growled acquiesence. They had had enough of fighting for that bout. "But what's all this?" The leader pointed to the kegs,thre or four of which Joshua had already brought out and laid upon the grass. "Brandy," said Joshua. The men looked at one another. "A gimlet, " said the pinioned Joshua, "is in my pocket." One of them drew out the gimlet and bored a hole. Joshua shook his head cheerfully. NO doubt they would all get drunk, and he would escape. "Never a pannikin be there, mate?" the man asked his prisoner. Joshua shook his head. Then I laughed to myself; for the man who bored the hole lilted the keg and poured what he thought was brandy into his open mouth. " Faugh—waugh—pr—rt!" "What's the matter?" "It isn't brandy at all! Faugh— waugh! It's sea wafer!" "It is brandy," said Joshua. "Drink it yourself, then." He lifted the keg. Joshua drank. He, too, behaved in the same surprising manner. "It was brandy three weeks ago,' said Joshua, despairing. Then he sat down, saying no more, while the men tried the other kegs with the same result. They all contained sea water. "Got any more, mate?" asked one of them, looking around. "There's a dozen more behind that blackberry bush," said Joshua with the calmness of complete despair. They searched; they lugged them all out: they bored the gimlet into every one. Not one single drop of brandy in any. "This here.'' said one, "is a most amaz- ing go! What was you agoing to do with they kegs mate?" "Sell them," said Joshua. "Was you agoing to sell them for brandy, or was you agoing to sell them for bilge water?" "They were full of brandy three weeks ago," repeated Joshua. "That is all I know." They looked at each other in amaze- ment. Then the leader gave the word as if nothing unusual had happened: "Fall in, men. March!" Just then I stepped from my hiding place—the daylight was pretty clear then —and ran up over the rocks so as to meet them higher up on the road. That looked as if I might have been awakened by the noise of the fight and came out to see what it was. "Pleasance," cried Joshua, "this is lucky. Tell these men—it is a press gang—they have pressed me—me—a simple miller and not a sailor at all—tell them they have no right"— "Oh, Joshua, Joshua," I said, "this is very sad. Won't you let him go, gentle- men? This is a dreadful misfortune. And all the brandy spilled? Dear me! Oh, do let him go. He is not a regular sailor; indeed, gentlemen, indeed he is not, though he is so handy aboard that he will surprise you. Do let him go—do. He knows every inch of the French coast, but you must not press him. He is the best boat- man from Lyme to Weymouth, though he is a miller. Oh he is much too good a sailor to be pressed. Do let him go." "Let him go?" cried the boatswain, with an oath. "If I let him go, I wish I may be smothered in a French prison!" ''Oh, Joshua, Joshua!" I cried, as they dragged him away pinioned and power- less. "Dispensations! Grievous dispen- sations! Let us kiss the rod!" CHAPTER VI. LADY CAMPION. Three weeks or a month passed so. Had I lived much longer in this loneliness—for I spoke to no one, not even to the faithful old woman who took care I did not starve —I think I should have gone mad with much brooding. But there came an end. It was on a sunny forenoon in Novem- ber. I was thinking how it must be out at sea for Dan and the boys, and wonder- ing whether Will thought of me as much as I thought of him, and trying to bring back to my mind his handsome face and laughing eyes, when I saw a most unac- customed sight. There came along the lane, riding slowly, because the road was rough, a gentleman dressed in an immense cloak with a fur collar, buckled at the neck. He was a middle aged man, per- haps turned fifty, and of grave aspect. Behind him rode two servants, each of whom carried at th? back of his saddle a small leathern trunk. The gentleman looked about him curi- ously. The place, left now to the charge of two old people, was already begin- ning to show signs of neglect. I sat in the porch, half hidden by the great fuch- sia tree. He seemed to be looking for someone to speak to. The servants rode up to him, and they all then consulted. "There is no other house but this in the place. It must be Gulliver's Farm." I merged from the porch, and went to ask of whom the gentleman was in search. He took off his hat politely. "You are Miss Pleasance Noel?" he asked. "Yes, sir; I am Pleasance." It was so seldom that I heard my sur- name that I had almost forgotten its ex- istence. "You are the young lady of whom I am in search. You are a—a friend, I believe, of Mr. William Campion, son of the late Sir Godfrey Campion." "He is my sweetheart," I replied. Then the gentleman smiled, dismounted and gave the reins to one of the servants. "I am John Huntspill," he said. "I have the honor to be a partner in that firm; I am traveling for the house in the southern counties. I am also, I may boast in the confidence of Mr. William. May I, therefore, beg the honor of a pri- vate interview with you?" This was very imposing. I led the way into the house and begged him to be seated; at the same time I offered him a glass of brandy, assuring him, in the words of Dan Gulliver, that it was right good brandy, which had never paid duty, in my girlish ignorance, I conceived that the payment of duty inflicted some griev- ous damage to the character of brandy; also, I thought that everybody in polite society offered everybody else glasses of raw spirit. "Thank you," Mr. Huntspill replied with courtesy. "The partners in the house of Campion & Co. never drink any spirits, on principle, except their own ruin, and that is duty paid." He meant the last fact as an admoni- tion. I took it as a confession that the rum was of inferior quality. "I have received," he went on, "'two letters, part of which J propose to com- municate to you. In fact, young lady, they immediately concern you. The first is from Mr. William." He opened a great leathern pocketbook and produced two letters. "I received this," he said, "ten days ago, being then in the village of Bright- helmstoue, and immediately resolved upon traveling hither to acquaint you with the wishes of Mr. William. "He informs me, first, of the lament- able chain of events which have led the young gentleman into this melancholy po- sition. Had we known of it in time, such is the influence of the house, and so sig- nal were the services of the late Sir God- frey (of pious memory), that we might and certainly should have procured the immediate release of Mr. William, and probably the pardon of the others. But ids pride would not allow him to comniu- nicate the news to us. The letter is writ- ten on the road to Portsmouth, whence he is to be drafted—great heavens! the son of Sir Godfrey a sailor before the mast!— on board one of the ships in his majesty's fleet. He says then: " 'Before this unlucky accident it was my singular good fortune to engage the affections of a young person in whose soul, I believe, virtue and goodness alone reign. ' " Mr. Huntspill read this passage very impressively, repeating the last words—"virtue and goodness alone reign." He bowed and I blushed, not with satisfaction at hearing these gra- cious words, but in humiliation, thinking how litfle I deserved them, and how I had wreaked a revenge iu which virtue played so poor a part. Mr. Huntspill went on: " 'The worth of her heart is illustrated and made ap- parent to the world by the extraordinary beauty of her face and person''—Oh, Will ! Will!—" 'She has promised to make me happy by becoming my wife. The promise remains to be fulfilled on my re- turn, should a benignant Providence grant my return to my native shores. I have told you, my generous friend, the whole of my story. You will, I am sure, continue to behave to me with the same —.' That is not part of the business," said Mr. Huntspill, interrupting at this p?int. "He goes on presently: "I have written to my mother—who must on no account discover the degrading situation in which I have been placed—stating, which is perfectly true, that I am going to sea for a long voyage, in which I may visit many lands, and that I hope to pay my dutiful respects to her on my return. I have also informed her of my proposed marriage with Pleasance Noel, and begged her, as a mark of her forgiveness and continued love, to receive my betrothed in her own house, and, during my ab- sence, have her instructed in the practice of those external accomplishments which alone are wanting to make her an orna- ment to the polite world. Goodness, my dear friend, is at all times better than rank.' "It is, indeed," said John Huntspill, folding up the letter. "With this, which was forwarded to me from London, came a letter from Lady Campion herself, a portion oi which I will also read to you: "It has long been my resolution,' she says, 'to attempt no further interference with my son's plans of life. His devotion to a musical instrument, especially when that instrument is the common fiddle, seems to me inconsistent with the sobriety of a London merchant; his readiness at all times to forsake the counting house for a concert or a play seems to me unworthy of the seriousness which should characterize a churchman, while his roving habits hold out little hope of a steady future. I have now learned that he has gone to sea, after contracting an engagement of the most serious character with a young woman, apparently of humble origin.' " "My father was a ship's carpenter," I said, half in pride and half in explanation. Before I knew Will I had always regarded that rank as exceptionally dignified. But I was quite aware that Lady Campion would hardly be likely to think so highly of the position. "Quite so," said John Huntspill. "A most respectful and useful vocation. Let me continue: 'In justice to her and to my- self, I should wish to make her acquaint- ance. Will you, therefore, make it your business to see her? Communicate with her friends, and tell them that I propose, to receive her in my poor house. And should she wish to remain and I to keep her with me, I undertake to bestow upon her whatever lessons and education she may require to befit her for the station to which heaven hath raised her. You may bring her back with you, under your own protection. ' "Such, Miss Pleasance," said John Huntspill, "is the proposal made to you by Lady Campion. It will be my first care to lay it before your friends." "I have no friends," I replied. "Dan and Job and Jephthah are all at sea." 'Do you mean that you are alone, ab- solutely alone, in this house?" "Quite alone," I said. "Only in the cottage there are Isaac Agus and his wife. I live alone and sleep alone. I thought I should go on living alone for some years." 'But you will not refuse Lady Cam- pion's invitation? Consider, it is made at Mr. William's own request. She trill be your mother." "No," I said. "I cannot refuse it. But I am afraid. Oh, Mr. Huntspill, I am a very ignorant country girl! The goodness and virtue that my Will thinks are in my heart exist only in his own mind. He is foolish about me. I am not fit for him—so handsome and so strong." "Nay," said John Huntspill, bravely, the chiefest profit of virtuous love, as I understand it—being myself but a bachelor, and unworthy of the married condition—is that it leads the heart im- perceptibly upward, inasmuch as we fain would possess the qualities which he—or she—who loves us doth in his fondness attribute to us. Therefore, be of good courage, and resolve that when Mr. William returns he will find his dreams more than realized. " This wise speech, so far from encourag- ing me, rather daunted me for the mo- ment. Afterward, when I came to remem- ber it, and make out what it meant, I think it did give me courage. "When, then, can you be ready?" I blushed; for, in truth, I had nothing to travel in. My whole wardrobe only consisted of half a dozen frocks, includ- ing one which Will had caused to be made for me. Mr. Huntspill read my thoughts. "There are shops in Lyme," he said. "I will at once ride into the town and pur- chase for you the simple necessaries requi- site for a young lady's journey to London. I leave behind, for your protection, one of my servants. For the present, Miss Pleasance, I wish you farewell." He bowed, touched my finger with his own and was gone. Presently I heard him riding slowly down the lane, and I sat down to wait, wondering what new life this would be which was opening be- fore me. Outside, the servant whom he had le?? behind for my protection had dismounted had tied up his horse, and was leaning ?? a gate. It seemed inhospitable not to as? him into the house, and I did so. inviting him to sit down, greatly to his surprise. He refused to sit in my presence, but was pleased to accept such a meal as I was en- abled to offer him, with two or thre? glasses of the brandy which never pai? duty. This part of the entertainment, in deed, afforded the honest fellow infinit? gratification. It was about 2 o'clock in Ihe afterno?? when Mr. Huntspill returned, his serve carrying a box before him, and leading horse on which was a lady's saddle. When in my own room I was dressed the new clothes, I hardly knew my???? Along black habit for riding, glove, hat and veil, all sorts of little things which I hardly knew the use, nea???? packed in a leathern valise. I finished ? preparations at length and came do-?? stairs, dressed like a young lady. Bu? could hardly have looked one, becau?? felt awkward and constrained iu my ue attire. Mr. Huntspill bowed politely. "The most beautiful girl," he said, re peating Will's dear words, "on all th? southern coast." That was all very well. But ho? would beauty give me courage to far. Lady Campion? We were to start at once, but a sudde? thought struck me. The heartst?? Dan's last words were to remember ??? hearthstone. I had seen to what ??? Joshua put his, and I had every reason ?? believe that Dan's was, in the same man- ner, his own bank, the place where ?? confided his single talent, so that it could by no means grow or produce interest, ?? become useful at all, except for spending. I reflected for a moment. "Now, my dear young lady," said Huntspill. His eyes had been upon me ever since I came down in my new dress, and I could see that he looked at me with admiration. That, to my mind, meant that Will would have been satisfied, and I was glad. "It is the hearthstone," I said. He stared for a moment. Then he re- membered that the general use of the lower sort of people was to hide away their money, and that the hearthstone was the general hiding place; so that if a cottage was robbed the first thing the burglars did was to pry up the hearth- stone. We raised the stone, Mr. Huntspill and I, between us. Beneath was a perfect mine, an Eldorado of gold and precious things. Remember that Dan Gulliver was turned 60 years of age; that he had been smuggling ever since he was 10: that he had never had an unsuccessful run, and that ever since his father's death the farm had supplied most of our frugal wants, always excepting the brandy, which never, etc. I am afraid to say how much there was tinder the hearthstone. It was, I know, more than a thousand pounds, all in golden guineas, tied up in bags containing a hundred each. Mr. Huntspill poured the contents of each bag upon the table, and counted the coin carefully. For each he made a sepa- rate memorandum. Mr. Huntspill tied up the bags again, called one of his ser- vants, and confided them to his care. Then we started on our journey. I said farewell to the two old people who were to be left in sole charge of Rousdon farm. Mr. Huntspill wrote his London address, in case anything should be wanted. And then he lifted me into the saddle, and we turned the horses' heads Londonward. I should have, been perfectly happy but for two things—the never ceasing anxiety about Will, and an always increasing fear of the terrible Lady Campion. I learned a good deal in those days of other things besides curious and interest- ing sights. Mr. Huntspill, who was ?? trays talking to me, taught them. For instance, in the gentlest and kindest man- ner possible, he instructed me in sundry points of minor morals—I mean earrings and conduct of myself. This, I knew, was done in order that J might not preju- dice Lady Campion against me at the out set by some act of awkwardness or bad breeding. "A lady," said Mr. Huntspill, who al- ways spoke with authority, "is known by her acts and words first; but there is a connection between nobility of thought and dignity of carriage." He had learned by this time all my de- ficiencies, and I knew that he was going to report upon them to Lady Campion. I was not afraid of the report which he would make of me, but 1 was horribly afraid of madam, as he called her. The day before we rede into London he talked about her. "Lady Campion," he said, "is blind, as you doubtless know: but in a short time you will forget her blindness. She writes her own letters, and her letters are read to her by means of a confidential clerk. She hears reports about the affairs of the house, and gives her counsels, which are in reality her instructions. And all as well as if she had the use of her eyes. Madam," Mr. Huntspill went on, "was left sole guardian to Mr. Will- lam at the death of Sir Godfrey, her son being then 14 years of age, with a clause appointing Mr. William chief partner in the house at the age of 25. He is now 23. He demands liberty of action until the time comes for him to rule over us. Meantime madam holds the reins with firmness and prudence. What she shall hope for in you is the jiower to attach her son to his domestic and civic duties, and make the rover a worthy successor to the great Sir Godfrey, lord mayor of Lon- don." This was disquieting. How could I? He answered my look, being at all times a sympathetic man. "Madam will tell you how. You will modify the strictness of her injunctions by the gentleness of your own heart. Your affection for Mr. William mil supply the rest." Next day we rode over Honnslow Heath, where so many misguided men had committed the acts which led to a violent death; through Uxbridge, past Shepherd's Bush—a coppice in whose recesses there lingered at evening many a cowardly footpad, on the watch for some defenseless old man or woman; by the stately Holland park, standing amidst a lovely country set with trees; along the gardens of Kensington, on the north of which extended mile after mile of nursery and vegetable gardens; past the dreadful tree of Tyburn, at the corner of Hyde park; and thence, by a network of streets and lanes, in which it seemed impossible to find our way, into the city of Loudon. I was silent with amazement at so much noise, such crowds, and such splendid buildings. I forgot- Lady Campion, every thing, in wonder and delight. I rode be- side Mr. Huntspill in a dream. He watched me, riding close at my side and guiding my horse. Presently we turned into a long winding lane with no carts or wagons, but a continuous stream of people. Many of them knew Mr. Huntspill, and took off their hats to him. He gravely returned the salute. The lane led to a small quiet square, in which were only private houses. One of these, the largest, occupied the whole side of the square. "This," said Mr. Huntspill, "is Great St. Simon Apostle, and this is Lady Campion's town house.'" I dismounted in considerable trepida- tion. Mr. Huntspill led me by the hand into the house and np the stairs. He stopped at a door on the first landing and knocked. Then he opened the door gent- ly, and led me into the presence of Lady Campion. "Those," said a firm, clear voice, "are the footsteps of John Huntspill; I welcome you, m? ?riend. Is all well?" "All is well, madam," said John Hunt spill. 'The interests of the house are prospering. I present to you, madam, the young lady of whom you wrote to me, Pleasance Noel, and commend her to your ladyship's protection." "Come here, my dear. Closer—closer yet." I had not dared to raise my eyes. Now I did so. I saw a splendid lady, apparently about 50 years of age, magnificently dressed in black velvet. Round her neck was hung a heavy gold chain. Her collar and wristbands were of costly lace. She was sitting when we came in, and she turned her head in the slow, cautious way peculiar to blind people. Yet there was little look of blindness in her eyes, and she seemed to see me as my eyes met those large, proud orbs of hers. She rose, how- ever, to give me greeting, and continued gazing at me, as it seemed, reading my features in imagination. Seating herself again, I unconsciously knelt at her feet. Then she placed her hands on my shoul- ders, and began, in a way which made me tremble, gently to pass her fingers over my face and head. "You are pretty, child, and you are tall. "What is your age?" "You are pretty, child, and you are tall." "I am past 16." "What color is your hair?" "It is light brown. My eyes are blue." All this time her busy, sensitive fingers Were passing lightly over my face. 'Your name is Pleasance. Your father, John Hunt-spill tells ine, was a ship's carpenter. Your guardian, one Daniel Gulliver, has gone to sea, and you were left alone. My son 'William has fallen in love with you. You are be trothed to each other without the formal ity of asking my consent. It was wrong in my son. I trust, my dear, that what I cee of you will induce me to grant that consent. We have time before us, during which we may do the best to learn each other's ways and character. Be sure that in all you do I shall be always watching you, blind as I am. You may 3a S3 me, Pleasance.11 I kissed her fingers, but she drew me to 'herself and kissed my forehead Pres ently, to my distress, John HuntsniU went away, and I was left alone Trith Tnnflfl.TTi She began by asking me how I used to spend my days, what I used to read, of what character were my religious oppor tunities, and other questions designed to bring out exactly what I knew and how I thought. Then she told me that John Huntspill had prepared a report of my general ignorance, for which care would be immediately taken. She informed me, further, that.a skillful governess, aided by all kinds of masters, would begin their labors with me the very next morning. She ended in her stately way: 'William did not wait for my consent, nor did you know, perhaps, that it is un becoming of a maiden to engage her self without that consent. Kevertho less, should you be diligent and prove yourself possessed of tlie aptitude and the qualities which he believes to be in you, that consent will not be withheld. Understand me, Pleasance, William is of a^e, and in two years7 time or so will be called upon to assume tbe chief command of this great film. He can marry without my con sent, if he wishes. For your own happiness, and in obedience to the i^ifth Commandment, you will study to obtain my approval. 1 do not deny that I could have wished— yes, that 1 most strongly wished — my son to form an alliance with one of gentle birch. You must try lo remove this disappointment.' Then my new manner of life began. It was, indeed, diiferent from the old. Every morning 1 practiced for two hours on the pianoforte, or harpsichord, as madam called it After breakfast came the masters. There was iL Elie Lemoine, master of dancing and deportment — he was my favorite, because 1 took to vritii great readiness; a singing master; a refugee French lady, of courtly mannerSj to tea-2i me Prench; one of the clerks, an elderly man with a wife aud large family, permitted u- increase his income by giving me lessons in writing: and a pro fessor of elocution, who taught me to read with propriety. _ . With all tliis work before me, I had little time to think about pa:ir WilL One day, however, John Huntspill came to see me, and requested that I would favor him by walking in ihe square with him for a few minutes. He toid me that was growing anx ious about her son. His story, to put her off ii:e scent, was that he was going to the West Indies. And the Woi=fc Indian mails had come in, but no letter, naturally enough, had ar rived from Will Campion. 'Everything depends,' he said, 'on there being no inquiry. I have^ for my own part, ascertained by a Portsmouth correspondent, in whom I can trust, tbat Mr. William is now at sea. Madam would die of shame were she to learn the truth. I seenothiug for it but to lVign a letter from him. 1 have written it, and propose to bring it to-morrow as coming from the ofilce. It will doubtless be for you to read it aloud. are embarked in a course of falsehoods; from one deceit springs many; Far, far better had Mr. William at once con fessed his name and position, and obtained, as he eertaiuly would have done, his majesty's pardon for a boyish cscapade.' \ Yes, wo were indeed embarked in a course of falsehood. Not one letter did we write, bul many— four every year. John Huntspill wrote them, getting his descriptions of West India scenery from all sorts of sources, avoid- . ing the islands of Jamaica, Barbadoes and : Sc. Kittfs, hi which the house had corre- ! spondeuts. Then he would bring in bis pre- | : cious missive, announcing calmly that a mail ! was in from the West fudies, bringing a letr I tor for madam. Lady Campion always took i it, felt its remarked how tlie smell of the ves- j .sel clung to the paper, and then putting it j into my hands, commanded me to read it. j Ino Iriter really came from Will at all He j vois fighting the French somewhere. That made me tremble at night, thinking of the ? almost daily news, shouted about the stivel?, J oi another engagement and another victory^ -s i wiih tiie drea'tilul list of killed which followed : ' afier. Y.„-t John liuutspill bade me hope, j , Among the liats, so lot, he had not seen the i name oi William Campiou, or those of Ban ' ; and his boys. I CHAPTER YIL j THE VICTORY OF TBAFAI.GAR. I Day followed day, aud season followed ' season. I had been with Lad}' Campion nearly two years. I had b^n su long in the : great j quiet house, where no ioolfall was ever 1 heard 021 iho thick so lon^ v. iih the slniely lady who taw ewr\ ihing with blind eyvs, thai ihe old life soemuJ quite goneiiiid lost. I\o more rui.niug and singing: and if, us happened .somtlimes ai tir.--l, a sense of weariness would I'.jJi upon me, madam, who divined everyiahiL-, woiJd admonish me: ''It is lor W iiiTs i'i.-:isaHce.r And for his dv;.r s; .-?. uliat labor, what weariness, could ji^i. I orne? WudKlnol sia\ aU ihe time in the city. Laiiv Campion Lau a house at Chertsey, whither for three ii:o:nbs in the year we re paired, governs.:, iu.vs :s, aud all. There a horse was kept i'«-r j.sy own riding, and a groom to protect m'.\ When September vamVaed, and ihe I were yeiiow, we left CIserijsey and drove ;o mu' city house, in a carriage almost jd grand ;:s that of the lord mayor. i\o letter from Wi.i all this time; not- one line. Vchcpt up the oeceitiul correspondence between Will and Ins mcUier. What travels we contrived for What advertures John llunupiii and 3 imitated from boo!;:.;, or invented out of * ur own lieadl What hair breadth escapes! What romantic incidents! Madam hud. no suspicion. She watched for the arrival of the letters; she had them read aud reread to her; she learned them all by heart; she quoted them as admirable speci mens of the best modem style; she dated events from incidents in ihe letLers. They were ail victorious iu those days. Surely there was never a time when a nation was so brave :is in the time of that long war. There was no note of hesitation then — no timid counsels. Girl as I was, I gloried in the spint of ihe country, when, with one consent, the nation flew to arms to resist the threatene i invasion. Every day after break fast I read aloud The Morning Post, especially thai: portiou of the paper which gave the naval intelligence. One morning I read the uews of the battle of Trafalgar. The list of casualties would be published in a few days. John Huntspill and I went about with heavy hearts. He did not dare to meet my eyes, for his Portsmouth corre spondent had found out that all four were on board the Victory. Ave had illuminations in the city to cele brale the event on the Day of Rejoicing. We drove in state to church to offer up our far iVoiu humbie offering; we invited guests for a feast of thanksgiving; we sent money for the poor in token of gratitude, and we gave orders thai, the rejoicings of the house of Campion & Co. should excel in splendor those of every other private house. The front of the house was covered over with a trellis work, on which were fixed thousands of oil lamps of different colors, arranged in patri otic designs. Iu the center was the liou and unicorn, with the words 'God save King Geor.':*. !*' Above was the union jack, with the 'legend 'Honor to the glorious dead !' I drew out the plau by madam's instructions. She thought me wanting in enthusiasm and delivered a little speech on the part which ihould be borne by woiceu in the glory of their country. Above all, she said— her words fell upon me nsa bad omen — above all, women must be ready, lor the sake of their country, to imperil without a murmur the lives of husbands, lovers or sons. On the morning of this joyful day John Huntspill, in paying his daily visit to madam, handed me quietly a letter. It was addressed to me — I had seen the writing once before, in the parish register — by the rector of Rousdon. Could it be from Will? I hastened away and tore it open with trembling fingers. It was not from Wili It was from Dan Gulliver, and it was the saddest letter that ever a girl received. 'My Deab Pretty' (said poor old Dan) — 'Wc have made the portof Portsmouth, with the admiral aboard in his coffin. Jephthah w;is killed in the action with a round shot, which cut him in two pieces. My poor, pretty Pleasancel don't cry too much, but Mi-. Campion fell overboard on the way home, aud is consequently drowned. This is bad news for you, I am afraid, and for me too. Job sends his love, mid he says he is alive, and he wishes it had been him. Your affectionate Dais* Gulliver.' That is the news which greeted me on the day of illumination for the victory of Tra falgar. My governess came to me. I sent her away with some excuse and sat down by myself, saying over and over again, so that I should be able to feel the whole bitterness of despair: '?Will is drowned I Wili is drownedl We shall never see hhn again!' John Huntspill came hi search of me. He saw by my face what had happened. He took the letter frominy fingers and read it. 'Poor Pleasance!' he said. 'Poor, poor child!' I think he must have sat with me all that morning. I know he talked from time to time, but 1 forget what he said. Presently I began to understand something. 'We must not let madam know,' he repeated. 'She must never know. Wo will prepare a letter from — from her son1' — he paused, and for a moment his voice broke — 'ttatiug that he is going on soma expedition up the country; aud then no more letters at all will come afterward and you will mourn together — you and his mother. But she must never know her son's real end.77 Had I had my will I would have gone straight to madam aud told her all. But it seemed more merciful that she should be spared the details, which he wished his mother never to know. 'For his sake, Pleasance,' urged John Huntspill, 'for his sake be brave; keep your heart before her. Let not my lady's pride, as well as her heart, be broken. She must never know. For his sake she must never know.' He would not leave me till I promised that I would do my best. During the rejoicings X too would seem to rejoice. Oh, heavy day! Oh, day which seemed as if it would never passl At 1 I was called to luncheon with madam. She was in excel lent spirits, hanpier than I had ever known her. Presently she asked sharply: 'What is the matter, Pleasance? You are crying.' 'I was thinking, madam,' I sobbed, 'of the brave fellows who are killed.' '?Yes, but there is a time to mourn and a time to rejoice. You were thinking, my child, of my son.' I did not answer. 'Come to me, Pleasance.' She was sitting after luncheon in her arm chair beside the window. 'Come to me.' 1 knelt at her feet and buried my head in her lap. 'He is a loug time away, is he not? But I write to my son tell him about you, child. When I wrote him last I sent him word that I would not oppose his desire. Yes, Pleasance, I have watched you more narrowly than you know. You will make my. son happy. Take my ble^ingi my dear*' Sbelaidlier hand upon my bead solemnly. Ah, if she knew — if she only knew! In the evening, at 5:30, wc had a great din ner, which lasted until 0:30, and then we all sallied forth, including madam, into the street, protected by a body guard of the house's porters armed with stout cudgels. The streets were full of people, shouting, fighting and drinking. If they passed a house without illumination they broke the windows. Should w e never finish? I thought. Midnight came at length, and tho boat, with the sailors, came back to the square. The puncheon of rum was rolled iuto the square; there was more shouting, more fight ing, until the contents were all gone. We were at the open window, looking on. At last the rum was all drunk up, the mob dis persed, the oil lamps went out one by one and wo were able to go to bed. 'Good night, my daughter,' said mndam, as she retired, exultiug mid happy, to her room. It was tho first time she had called me her daughter. Oh, tbe bitterness! that such a day of death aud bereavement should be chosen for this acc of grace and kindness! This torture endured for a fortnight. Then the cud came, in a way which we little ex pected and had not guarded against It was hi the forenoon, about 11:30, before John Huntspill had left madam, and before the arrival of nry singiug master, who was due at 12. I was alone in my own room, free for a moment from tutors, governess, and my lady— free to think of the past, my only solace. My own maid — she was the only one in the house who knew that I had some secret sorrow — came to tell me that tl.erc was a tr.ilor, an i-M *ai:.or in the hall who wished to scjjne. Who could it be but Dan Gulliver? iz was iudeed old Dan himself. He came :-c:drs in his slow and quiet way. I saw i.Kii i.-i-Lore l.e : itw me. He was dressed like u ; saiior; his ban* was grayer and j.:.-, dear -/:-i j See graver; there was no other r-hni.ge. i Ie stood in the doorway. He actually did not recognize me. ? 'ban!' I cried, springing into his arms. 'Dun! DosrEj'ouknuv.' me?' . Then be did, and laid his hands upon my shoulders, holding mc back and looking at luc,1 before he. kissed my cheek. 4-Iuy pretty P he .-.aid, -:aud growed so talll Ai;u such a lady J To be sure, she always Wiis as sweet mannered as any lady iu the land. oil, my pretty! he's gone! he's t.o.ie! Like oni doirttakeonp 'Tell me ail cuout it, Dan. Tell me. And poo.' eplii i.aii gone too; ' -vJiij in two halves, he was, with a chain shot. Died in r.cJou, my boy Jephthah. But sAi\ Campion, poor young gentleman, he died bv drowiiding. Fell o the yard in the tirvhs, aud never was seen— how could ho be aftercares. Poo:* young gentleman!' ??u'.j, Ban— Dan — :uy heart will break!' 'Cry, pivtty — cry as much asever you can. J-ut cryi:r won't bring him back. Cry now, while I teli you;dl about him. ?'They knowed our story aboard .the Vic tory. I was Smuggler I')au. Tho boys were Smuggler Job and 'Pother Job — because, Pm voiTY to say, they mariners aboard his m; jLi ty's ships never knew which was v, hzch. And so Jephthah, who is now cut in s.wopietxs, was never knowed as such. And Mr. Campion the}* called Gentleman Jack. ? Iv-w remember — sonic youvg gentiemenaftev g-'ttiiigii three years1 biiieD hi the fo:ksle foi -';:.ug:^ling would ha' sat down and grizzled Mr. Campion wasn't one -y that sort. 41V% v i1 always,' he says to me — 'providm1 ai way.?. Dan, us my mother never finds out, why, what ouds is a three years' cruiser And merry with it. Once ho ketches hold of a fiddle, .the fo'kslcr, alive: when ho began to j play you'd ha' though:- the hddle was talkin1. | uot him a playin'. All round him the men ! would bo sittin1 an' smgiu' till the whole ship ! was as good tempered as if there wasn't nary a bos'n nor petty officer aboard. ; 'Well, you may depend on it, pretty, that it wasn't long before the officers got to know v. liatan uncommon sailor they'd got shipped aboard, the Victory, for a littlo run as he'd . made across the Channel oue fine night; and iL wasn't loug before Capt. Hardy hisself, iiiiding Mr. Campion on -the quarter deck, axed him — ay, before the admiral — who be was and how lie came Aboard. Mi*. Campion, no more afraid of speaking to the captain than to the carpenter, he told him, touching liis hat, that he had been caught smuggling; that they'd ail got off with three years for me information they gave to the Admiralty, i and that he hoped to give satisfaction to his htjirjr so loug as he was aboard, after which .une, he said, he should give up saiioring be fore the mast. Capt. Hardy lie laughed, and the admiral laughed; and then his lordship, w jo ot;gut to know, said, in his quiet, easy ivaj-, that a mau was no- worse sailor for being u gentleman born, but that gentlemen ^ugu& noD to run eaigoda across the Channel, -i.ter that 1 think tne word-was passed down io make some sort of difference with us. Any*.v;i3', the worst of the bos7ns never laid rope^ end on none of us four. 'Come the action off Trafalgar. My pret ty, we de-ae our duty — job and Jephthah and Mr. Campion and me — till that chain shot came, and ail 1 saw o' my boy Jephthah was nvw waives a:.d a pool of blood. 'When the admiral fell they told me to carry him down. That took best part of it : quarter of an hour. The action lasted 'half an hour longer. When the firing ceasetli\nd ' Oi.e could look round, 1 saw Mr. Campion alongside of Job, alive and hearty. As for Jephikah, that poor boy was throwed over- ! ooard in two halves. \- We had nasty weather on the way Lome. Uae of the prizes foundered. And one dark night, in that nasty weather, all in the dark, poor Mr. Campion fell overborad and was drowned' 1 listened to' the story, my head in my hands. When Dan finished I burst out into fresh sobbing and crying. I forget about Lady Campion and everything. I never io j]-:ed up. While Dau told his stoiy I luy hiding my face iu the sofa mid crying, while Liie door stood wide oj-eu, and madam ber.-elf stood there listening to every word, aud with her Johu Huntspill, with while cheeks and troubled brow. Hooked up iu my grief, hut i sprang to my feet, terrified by the look ol' I madam. She was drawn to her full height. leaning on her stick; her face was perfectiy | while; her lips trembled; her sjghtie^ cy.ei j seemed to ]-our lightning on poor Dan; she was lerriole in her despair aiid wrath. 'ieil me,' she said — 'not you, ghi; not you : —tell me, man, smugyWr, sailor, whatever you are, who was this Mr. Campion who fell ( overboard and wjis drowned C. . / -He was your ladyship's isou and ihy Picas- ance's swceiheari.,- said Dan, simplv. ~ | 'And he was u smuggler, too,' was her' ! So, liiadam, not a smuggler; only once, - for a boyisn freak, he iu uni needs run across with me for a singie venture. And when we were all tried, my lady, at Dorchester 'Si2es, : we got off for threeycars abroad, :a.cause oi' ! the news we picked up on our way back.' 'Tried! — my t-on was tried! — with common sailors! He was tried and 4got off!' — he was sent to sea!' 'And he is dead,' said John Huutspiil, in solemn sadness. aHe is dead!:' echoed his mother. 'And you, girl, knew he was at sea, a common j sailor!' 'Alas!' I moaned, 'I kr.ew only too well' *'ihat you concealed from mc. Did you know on Illumination Da» that jiiv son was i deadf 'T knew that then,'1 1 remietL She was silent for ;l space. Her eyes were dry and her lips parched. Had she wept one might have had hope. 'All that dr.y,' she said, 'you ga:-:v;] w.a.n a rejoicing mother who had if-sCii L-.-n; who had lost your lover, rejoiced with tho rest.' *'^ay, nay!' interposed John ilmifspiJl. '?She pretended, to save you. Listen, mudMm. I It was by Mr. William's own ? wi h— -irw ? command — that you were kept in i--iyraiil-e ! of vvhat had happened. 1 knew;l agi-eed j that it would be better. As no letters came ; from Mr. William, we wrote letters and i,: e- ? tended they were from him— for his saktf wc read them to you for his sake. When the i dreadful news came I resolved that we would ! keep up Ihe deception— for his sake, so that you should never know when and how vour ' sou had died.' ~ i 'Get me my desk, John Hunbp,'lj.v Ho went obediently and brought back her ! great mahogany desk, in which were WiiJ'^ pretended letters, all ncatlj' tied up. She opened the desk and found the parcel j 'Take them! Hencefnnh, Johu IlunlspiJl, j 3'ou are no longer my confidential friend. I ] cannot trust you! Trust you? O Heaven! can I trust any one? Is there man, woman or child in this great world ihat will not \ivr Poor woman! poor mother! She stood where she had beard the whole, iu.st within the doorway, John Huni.,piii ix--ide h- r- b fore her, Dan Gulliver, nmusod, and' not knowing what to say or doj and mvseli over whelmed with misery. 'We must put some kind of order into our affairs,' said mada.ni. 'You will send mv lawyer to me at onc«sJohn Huntspill. Liie ? is precarious, even witij the old as weU as wiui the young. I must make new disposi tions. And I 'would be alone — altogether alone — in this house. You will takeaway the girl, If she wants money, let me know. My son's betrothed must not starve because my son is dead — is dead I' she repeated, with a sad drooping of her voice, I threw myself at her knees and caught her by the hand. 'Oh, madam! dear madam! forgive mel Say that you forgive me, for Will's sweet sake!' 'Forgive!' she echoed, in a hard voice. 'Forgive! what does it mean? 1 shall not seek to do you harm. You shall have money; What more do you want? You have fooled me and played with mc. You have templed my son to destruction, you and your smug gler friends. My son, who should have been an honor to me and to tliis city, like his father before biin# has died in disgrace. For give you? Yes, I Will forgive you— when the sea gives up its dead.' CHAPTER YIIL OUT OF THE GOLDEN' HIST. We were back again at Rousdon — Dau Gul liver and Job and I— to begin again such por tion of the old life as was possible. Wo wili go on,' said Dan, sadly, ''just as we used to : go on before ever he came. We will forget that he ever came. You will forget that you # are ayonng lady.' Alas! not only was the old time gone, but nothing like it could ever come again. Will had torn up the old time and thrown it away* It was dead. But the meraorj' was left' One could sit and think till day after day that summer of 1SQ3 unrolled itself again, and I could remember every word he said* even the lightest, with every gesture and every look. The people at Lyme welcomed us all with a cordiality which meant not only gratitude for the past* but hope for the future. Sincd that dreadful day of rebuke when Joshua's delivery of goods was discovered to be sa much sea -nuter aud nothing else, the town had been without brandy. Campion's fine old Jamaica ram, well enough in its 'Way, was « pOor substitute for the right good Kantes Which Dan had provided. A taste had &oen; developed which was doomed to disappoint- ? incut, for no one succeeded Dan. A man cannot suddenly become a smuggler. Re lations have to be established on the opposite shore, a connection to be formed at home; it is a business which fa the growth of years. iSow Dan represented the third, and bis sons the fourth generation, of a long caj-eer in the trade, during which tho whole business for this part of the coast bad dropped iuto the bauds of Gulliver & Company, smug glers to the nobility, gentry and clergy of Lyme Regis and the surroundmj; country. Imagine, therefore, what a blow it was to the district when the fatal ar rest happened, followed by the dreadful dis *ovei*y of the sea water. So that, when wo came home again, there were visits paid to us not only of congratulation on our return, aud condolence for poor Jephthah, but also of hope and temptation Mi*. MaJIock, J. P., walked all tbe way iron) Lyme on purpose to see his old friend £guin,- and to hint that the naked condition of his cellar, as regarded French brandy, was deplorable. The Rev. Benjamin Jiurden. who, long before the end Of Dan 's iv. o yea iv captivity, had got through his four kegs, came lo say that he was re duced to eiuer, and that of the thinnest. Dan received trh-te visitors with great politeness, but held out no hupes that the old trade would be revived. First, he said, the Dancing Polly was £oue; he should ne ver again find a boat he couiu trust so well; then his nephew, Joshua Meech, was gone, pressed while busy wkli the k^s; though how them kegs tyrned out to be sea water he couldn't say; and Jephthah was gone; and he was getting old, and a sec ond conviction meant a capital sentence. Then his money ia John Huutspill's hands was bringing him a little income by itself, and he had given his promise not to smuggle any more. I think the old man had learned to look on smuggling, compared with the great game of war, us a small thing. It was strange to come back to this queer atmosphere, in which crime appeared no sin and law breaking was encom'aged by the ad ministrators of the law. The strangeness passed off after awhile, and then tho two years of life iu t he stately house of the old city square appeared, hi its turn, dreamy and nnivul. We came back to the old place^ mid began in a broken winged way to resume the old way s. Then, naturally, I began to make the house and the housekeeping more in accord ance with my recently acquired ideas. Dan acquiesced, woudering; Job tried to adapt himself to my wuj's with the good will which always distinguished him, but with less suc cess.' He betook himself to work on the farm, and '.In assuming the smock frock immedi ately changed, juntas he used to do, the roll of the sailor for the slouch of the laborer. Johu Huntspill wrote to me from time to time. Madam made 110 sign of relenting. Sheii£ver asked for news of me; she had Withdrawn her confidence from hhn; she never spoke to any one about her son; she satsiientailtheday long, pale and stem. Her heart was luil of bitterness. When Dan began to taik about Joshua, and to regret the misfortunes which befell him| I considered that it would be well to conceal my sliare in them, and the fact of his treach ery. When he caiue home again — should he ever come home — it would be tirno to con sider what slejjs should bo taken. For the present it seemed better to leave the old wan in the belief that Joshua's troubles were un deserved. Indeed, it would have been diffi cult to persuade him that his own nephew could be guilty of so foul and dastardly a crime. For my own part, I hoped that he would never come home again. 'A life for a life,' I said bitterly. 'As he destroyed my Will's life, so let his be taken away.' It was in the dark days of December that; we .came pack to Rousdon. The wintry ?weather suited the misery of my mind. Yet after a time the old charm of the sea fell upon me and soothed me. Dan painted and calked the little boat. 1 put out to sea in her again during the soft, smooth mornings common in winter on ihe south coast, when the sun floats bathed in a soft yellow uiist, itself a HkV of molten gold; when, if you see a boat, her masts and hull are wrapped round with a yellowr haze, like those of a float in a dream. Sometimes Dan came with me, and we sailed or ro\v«d, silent, thinking of the days that could come no more. 'There was no one like him,' Dan, one day Jvhea we had been sitting quiet in the boat for an hour and more. ''There never was no one like him, and never will be. Joshua had his good points. For a rough night at sea and a ready hand, Joshua never had liis equal. But Joshua was grumpy. He took after his father in such respects. Now Mi*. Campion, he was always laughing, always talking, always ready to do a hand's turn for everybody. Nobody like ldm And to thmk of ? 'Don't. Dau! don't!' I murmured with the teal's coming into my eyes. ! We had a dreary Christmas that winter, though after service in the poor old barn, which had gone nearly roofless since Dan weiit away, the Rev. Mr. Burden came to take his dinner with us. A turkey from the farm yard furnished the meal, after ward Dan, with a guilty look, produced a bottle of mm. Mr. Burden shook his henA sadly, but spent the rest of the day over the drink in coinpauj* with Dan, and departed in the evening with legs which showed a ten dency to tie themselves into knots. Then tho days began to grow longer, *nfl the spring flowers appeared on tho Undercliff, ' ? till all the ground was covered with the pale primrose. It must have been about this time that everything began to look as if it belonged ! to a dream. I am not sure when that strange feeling began; I knew, however, that Dan | used to follow me about, and was loath to let | me go out of his sight, for fear, I suppose, [ that, being iu this dreamy way, I might fall | into mischief and do myself some injury. [ Also, he began to talk of doctors, and going i to Lyme for a change. Poor old Dan ! The place was so quiet, so remote from all I external influences, that one fell back easily ! upon one's own brooding thoughts; I had no duties and no distractions. Dan was not a ! great talker, and Job was actually dumb, so that I lived in a dream, aud it was a dream of the past. One night I could not sleep. It was in the middle of August, when there is little dark ness on the sea, but only a luminous twilight. I rose about midnight, and dressed myself quickly, thinking I should taeniae Dan's at tentions, aud stole downstairs into the open ah*, just as I had doue two years and a half before, to watch for the return of the Danc ing- Polly. It was not, as then, a rough and boisterous night; there had been all day a fivsh breeze blowing from the southeast. TLis bad died away ar l there was little air lelb. I slowly passed corni the well iaiown path, to sit by the ehoro and think of my po.-r dead WilL I sat there while the night sii: »ped away. I was facing the mouth of the lit. le creek, looking ??; raight out to sea. When the morning broke there was a light fog upon the water, which tho sun, when it rose, colored with a beautiful hue, changing ever j minute. 1 remembered tiieii — heaven Irno'srs how! — Uj.ai n \y;;s the 14th of August, aud three jcars, since iirst I saw my Will As X gazed seaward, loeMng through the fog S became airare of o. £ho:. It was the ghost of a boat shining in the golden mist, all gorgeous with colors. Tho iiull was yellow and blue and crimson, the ?colore changing every moment; the sail 3co!:ed lite a sheet of azure silk, and the spirit who stood behind the mast — it was tho o£ lav W ill — was all glorified, I stood still, fearing tbat tho vision would fade, i h?..j often, before this, soea him in dreams ^-1 tbe iiijibt, but never in the broad 'day, and in dream:-; he vanished so svrifUy that I could never lind ?;:nc to sp«ik to him. Tbe boat* seemed, ai first, to be floating on tbe water-* kut she was not. In the light air 'of ^ho anoriiing she was slowly making for the land; auvi. ^ presently she passed trough the mist, sand lost iiil tiic £orgei-uE colors which the fog Xiiiti I'-'itt her. But the gbosfc of my TFiU re siKii.'i^l, palo.jjs all ghosts of drowned mea should be. lie saw me. as tbe bew of the Ubtit. grated on the stones — he cried my name— .b.e *:hi'*±Vv up bis arms — r,H leaped ashore. **Oh, Wili! WHIP I ci'iedj J ailing upon my itsiess before bin i, Wet me speak to you. Do ?not go aw\v, as you do in the dreams. Let .me speak. to you. I knew you would some , -iay 'twnk of me and come up from the grave. Ob* what am I to say, now you are here! 'Hfaat ciin I say, dear Willi poor Willi my 'uend love, my lost -darling! come from heaven to comiert my poor heart? Oh, it is breaking^ Witt, it is breaking with grief and ijaiuJ' ^PioasaJice^5 lie cried, lifting me in bis shv-ug arms and folding me to bis heart, ''PkreiiiH-c, I aui not dead — I am no ghost, Miv unrjinir. I am come back to you again,1 alive — alive. Can you nofruuderstand? Oil, , my love, my darling!' % Pleasance ZcJfi not dead F 1 could not understand at first, nor for nnnuy days afterward. But joy does not klil. 'Will had* Vc is quite true, fallen overboainL Uun hf» wns picked rM- l»yn. F/r-nch chasse sn.'uvc, :j»d Taken to Fraifxij v.licre he lived iho fishyrmen, no one be fraying him, u!-hu could })er.--ua-i'A one of th^'xii to trust liim v:;tii a bnr.u He promised a large price, sb-- -uki ho reach 3ii?£!;tfjd in prifety. It is nee-iioss t-.'* say ihp! he kept, his promise. \\\ Jjon I v.'ii ? to Jipten to it all — when I wnld sic v'-v:i my band iu his, in such happi ness fis -i^Ver ;uiy oiher trirl, I believe^ expe 3'iei!c?t — he lx\e:m tot«lkabom-'ci5r marriage He A :s.;i Li»-l to see his mother* but ho would h,.r himsi.-K, Write to her. Aud he ?Voiii'l go, hoSi3vi, unless I would go with iiiiii. AThrjA-vSiftiil I say: Of course we were t'larrceri, ~;i^. r.s be wished, he imd 1. in Rous by t,he 'Rev. Benjamin' Burden. ! i'\ 'iV; AViiVd his sailor clothes for the first \- ^l)I,eDr--xl dressed as -a gentleman. It was agreed that we jliouiU vide biraigtit froail tho. church into and lijencc pL:st direcr, without ston 1 «: io London. ?; ;e:i ^ oh and the poor old reo ? :.?? th » of ihe ecclesiastical bariL ? M i. zoii Vi5u invo li:o RyHJe^ifd wo rode . - ,y C4 ^ -\y, --]ij Drti* -cvying and Will : o-.-ii ro *i'.o buck. We bad .. v, ? our way along the ?- /.j:;.',, u-J:cn ? .sa;v before me, just be 1 ' '* ' ^'liie. a figure which ?. . -m: i 10 me. ±l was*. i::doed. ouly 'L'*nc ,Ct- tl ^.^Ji*e. coiisisiiug oi :i man's 11 t-\yuj;;o of very yborc wooden on which the owuei4 tvas pegging bis ' lirernIJy, with nueonjuioii vigor. 1 was Ibo baci; ci tbe man was familiar to ; 2iif. ibr thw iacen, wiwu we caiui* ujj with its oivijcr, w«s ike face o i Joshr.n 3Ieech. lie looked ^around at the sound' of tbe ;jors.va i _eu _ At first he did not recognize us. J. \v^ -li-e-S8a in a dark green riding habit, iwortaveiL x said, softly, 'do you. not re 4--o-h«a 2kieech, my bov,,f cried Will, who \--?'?3 of what had liappened. ^How !-c- Wisere djd you lose tout : m^an? *-'? . --c agoodn^ny lost their heads, Mr. — he 6poke quite cheerfully, wbile ?u. i:'j;*nbiv L.ifjLii-y fueling saisrtl nie — 'at Tra il r..u:,r. ^.ind 10 feo yon ??afo hoiue again, sir. -i;- yritohi lviio di\l tbe mischief, he's well .r-LxvL he is; .-^rve him i-j'sbt. ' ? *:9 t-xcepi. niyseir 3 evei' know who J-.'.rivr pu, v. brn Dun came to see us in Lon U-'Y '1C ha,ji a good deal to tell of Joshua. 1 f c ni2:t wa-f set going again, after he L,-xi^i,ey by means of a mvsterious .-i London j;o.stnmrli I1.' had be but the whet-ls were tli'ire. and i,»^an again to practice bfts ancient Ilv ucnt i*.o longer 10 chape), but be y\ : liiipiiiavof the E'tablifbiil chm'ch, Iami convened on board ship. \i Lo '.vr.y o? bis couver.-:iv;n w;js ninple. Ho ? i.L l-.* r:y dayy iiboa?*«l, beg.'in to argu«3 si pi.iiiL wiih the -*b;ii;lain, who was so amazed s:i iho aud^v-iiy of a common Siiiior pieiend j.:.; 10 I;:.- hUliit-d in theological sub: leties. that 1^.. ? ? to t lie cnj-Lain. The captain, a c hjuu, oniered an application of the t ? ... ihoii cmpioyed lor offenses and ^ ^.ri!v.'s — i hr«iy dozen. ii.c ijittl dozen iiad l-eeu received icn conviction pouring in. About , luioijgu Ihe s.*;coj:d, tho force of the v ;r::-.i;i \v;;s invs-tiible. B3* the end of J ...? he h::d stead jasliy I'esolved on ad * ;.j-. y-'r/Hy on board, to the Church of 1-. ai;-i as by law established. coimug ashore lie continued this vediv hauit it- i ? }? .1 sCi-na of my story. \- ji j ; m:\ju. i\i-± in auuimn, when even : oily Ii- : h-'c i=lea^ant, and the trees in **iiy churchyards have not yet lost their ? ? LO 1 hoove. YtC gO *. » tii.- i: iii lijc square. ITill and I, fol ;Ov.el I,.- -jwkii Kuiityj/nl. Mau am has not : )v. I u ^ v.:-j 310 to meet us. John i.as ta::«-n \ Wo cross the ball ^'-5 si:sL;-.s. covered with their 1 'i. -;c 1 uri:ey c^rjx-i^, wludi deauen every i'.:.'. .:j:. Oil the landing \vc can look into : . ?: p. l uon; which jnaUam always uses as j...: 1 w:;. ^ \w-va:i madam herself, sitting i,v ? .. .- wiii- p .lo, rigid i;;id .v.ern. r. j o.i'j 1:; ;Vc/., no 1 ::e whimpers, 'ilie terns v-l...wx ni.jrf i-yi's ;is ho looks upon his ii it 1.:,.;-. J John Iiuntqjill lakes my i-aj.-i 1 i ? 1 »^ads jne (ju:eiiv iuto the room. i!.;o;:e.i up in hur quiclc, interroga -I: ii i, ni:!dam,r said John, -j- j:nyt;nng of jmj-orcance, John U\:;.W' ?: unless you have isews to tell me, ?.v.. v i.-v) -u c-cinci1 And who is with A'ouf' % i j 10 ^ y a lhin^ of great importance, 1 bring wiih me a girl who has suf li iv-: nni ls. I fi: i: :cr your forgiveness for in i\ iur lijyc-eli. lor tbe deceit we prac I if V'] VOU.' n::;tl:unl- — I knelt at her feet — awe i.-... v Mji 1 uiihup];^-. Forgive me, and )?. i :.k Ii :: 1 -j^y together — as we can.' i ? ? i/;-.:::-auce.v ^iiC i-'.M'lied. 4*that I ei) the sea gave up its mau. i:i:n uiij be long, perhaps. We — Judgment day. My n- ihe sake of him whom 1 :?::»ce, child^ — she held i-o:ii her haiids— 'N'tmie anil let us weep lo.-o'.hcr, and go in mourning and sorrow all '-.c: ]:i sorrow, luadam. Oh! not in sor row, but in i'IiliIu'.-ss. l?or look, the Ix-rd is very Kiuvifiii. Tiio sea lias given up its dead f. i i f here is your so:: heme agabi, aud inyoui ' 1'UjZ END. YTIiat Bccaiao of Kim. Omaba Cliinaman— You no tellee me light. I tdiee you light. When men bad men die, nv.i go in animals. i-'-.rxhy ^ch')ol Teacher— Nonsense. The .? - 'fi mc-ii do not go into animals. '.'.iieo «ime go. OJo in catsand dogs.,) 'Why do yon liink no™ 'i)y way animal act.' 4*liow foolish! Now, see here, Wab i»ee, I have a cat which takes great delight in jump ing up 0:1 the piano and romping around the lew, making iho most awful noises. Does that prove anj'lhing?*' uTc?, evely thne. One great music man be bad; ho t::Ue other music man's wife, that why he bad. You know he name.' 'ilercy me! Why, that's what Wagner did, and ike music the cat makes does sound like his, now I think of :t.r— Omaha World. 