LECTURES ON PROPHECY. The fourth of the course of lectures on prophetic subjects, by an Evangelist of the Catholic Apostolic Church, was delivered in the class-room of the Mechanics' Institute yesterday evening, at 8 30. The lecturer reminded the audience of the conclusion reached at the close of the previous I lecture, viz., that the Church is, in the mind of God, even now the Kingdom of God in a mystery, and the affianced bride of Christ ; and that her work on earth in this dispensation is intercession and testi mony ; and that for the fulfilment of this work the Lord ia with her in a very real and potential manner by the Holy Ghost. That, according to the mind of God, He abidesinher midst, her rulerand head, as seen by St. John in vision, walking in the midst of the seven golden candlesticks, which are the symbol of the Church Universal. The lecturer then went on to give a brief description, of the seven ages, into which the Christian dispensation is prophetically divided, as follows: — The first, the age of the Church's first love, ending with the de parture of the Apostle John ; the second, the age of the persecutions, ending about the time of the Council of Nice ; the third, the age of Imperial Domination, ending when the Roman Empire was broken up and the papal power grew up amidst its ruins ; the fourth, the age of the universal power of the papany, ending at the time of the Protestant reformation ; the fifth, the age of spiritual enlightenment purchased at the cost of bitter strife in the Church, closing at the time of the French revolution of 1789. The sixth, that in which the Church now subsists. The age of the disintecrration and destruction of nil the ancient institutions of Christendom. The age in which the distracted and divided Church is pressed on all sides by the force' of atheism, infidelity, spiritism, and the other evil powers, which are pre paring the way for the seventh short period of utter apostacy from God, which will culminate in the reign of Ant.iehrist, and his destruction at the second coming of the Lord. The lecturer then proceeded to show that each of the seven epistles to the seven Churches is a word addressed by the Lord to the Church of each succeeding age. A searching word, disclosing the spiritual condition of the Church at each period, and conveying as needed warning, commendation, or reproof. After briefly referring to the two succeed ing chapters of the Book of Revelation, the IV. and V.. as a vision of the Church in her perfect state, as recognised by God in Christ, the lecturer went on to interpret the opening of the Seven Seals, as far as the sixth, demonstrating how in a few words the description of the opening of the seals reveals the gradual decline of the ^uurca, unu uie increasing ueniemeni oi her work by the world during each succed ing age ; that the events which occur und#r the sixth seal, and which occupy the latter part of the VI. and the whole of the VII. chapters of the book, are even now progressing; and that it is of the ut most importance that the Christian people should understand the signs of the times, that tbey may escape the judgment coming on the earth. The subject for the last lecture of the course, to be delivered on next Sunday evening, in the schoolroom, was announced to be— 'The end of the Dispensation: Messages of grace and mercy and warnings of approaching judgment: The Kingdom of Heaven.' 