A TIFF. It was their first seriona one, for Mr. and Mrs. Drs90ii wero o warmly attached couple, on whom two years of matrimony liad not pallet], nor had the effect of lessening their affection. Yet sweetest bells will jangle sometimes, and the chorda of the human mind get out of tune. Mary, tho maid, bc?an the mis chief. She could not be induced to love early rising, consequently the breakfast was lato. Mr. Dasson, who had an engagement, chafed at losing a train, and Mrs. Dasson rebellsd against tho blame being laid on her. They parted in anger; hot words had been said, cruel reproaches uttered ; the rolls and coffee left untouched ; Mr. Dasson stalking out of the houso without bis overcoat, nnd Mrs. Dasson flying upstairs to throw herself on her bed and cry glormily till her head ached and her eyes were swollen. " What ii fright I look 1" she exclaimed, when, nn hour after, she roso and caugH sight of her wan, tear-stained face in the Gloss. "Sly cousins talked of calling this morning, but not for worlds would I let them sco mc in this state. If I told Mary to say I am ill, they would insist on coming up slairs; and if they should suspect tli.it Alfred and I have quarrelled, they would spread the news far and wide. What filial! I do? I will go out," she finally determined. "A long walk will relieve my head, aud I should feel fit for nothing if I stayed at homo. lam miserable. How could Alfred be so unkind I" This ejaculation wns followed by nuother burst of tears, but they flowed more quietly, and beforo they woro wiped away, Lela Dawson came to the conclusion that she had not been so free from fault ns she had declared beraelf. Who could bo more kind in general, or moro forbearing than Alfred 1 And if ho had spoken irritably ehc could not deny that her duty ns a wife was Badly ignored when ehe retorted in the same etrain. But ho had said—and. then her bosom heaved angrily as she repeated to herself his captions speeches. I£ sho had erred, he had been unjnst; and as for Mary—. Never had that culprit seen her young mistress look so atom as when she came down etairs dressed for walking j never before had Mrs. I)as3on so sharply lectured her I One phrase the lady murmured, in faltering accents, that filled Mary with remorse. " Your want of punctuality has caused mc great unbappiness." Her voice choked by a sob, Mrs. Dasson walked quickly away, leaving her hand maiden, to whom she was invariably kind and considerate, quito conscience stricken. The park to which Lela directed her stops was not an inviting promenade, for the gravel was sloppy with recent rain, and the surubs half hidden by mist. However, she persevered in pacing the most sheltered walks till good resolutions came to her aid, and she could return home in a happier frame of mind. Beforo doing bo, however, she went to a Bon Marche at no great distance. She had just remembered that Alfred was in want of a new pair of slippers, She would buy him the prettiest pair she could procure, and this gift should bo her peace- offering when they met in the evening. A Bhowily-dressed womau followed her into the department she visited, standing by her side while sho made her selection, and turning over the slippers as if she were as sisting Mrs. Dasson in her choice j but when the shopman chanced to be off guard, the horrified lady saw her appropriate a pair of the most expensive ones. On seeing herself observed, she dropped her booty, and with a familiar nod walked away, saying,— " I'll wait for you outside." Hut ere she reached the door an assistant, who had wit nessed the theft, sprang forward and detained her. After 3 struggle sho was brought back to the counter wiiurc Mrs. Dasson, terrified and disgusted, was still standing, nnd to the horror and dismay of the young wife, she heard herself accused as a confederate. Fortunately for her the proprietor oE the emporium wn9 quickly on the spot, anil by him she was recognised as n frequent cus tomer. Appensed by his npologiea, she would have paid for her purchase and departed, but when she put her hand in her pocket her purse—Alfred's present on her birthday— was gone. Tho police now made their appearance, the thief was searched, and Sirs. Dasaon's purse found upon her. Satisfied nt having regained possession of it, she made another attempt to escape from a scene which she rendered intolerably pain ful by the howls and protestations of the prisoner. But her evidence was required j she was the most important witness in the case, and in epitc of her absolute refusal to prosecute, and extreme re luctance to take any part in the affair, she was compelled to yield to the requirements of tho law. A cab was called, and much against her will, Mrs, Dnsson was driven to the nearest police-court. It was crowded on that day ; some local rejoicing had ended in a street row ; and co many were tho rioters, so con flicting tho testimony, that very faint and weary did tho unwilling witness become ere the shoplifter w.is place in the dock. The painful ordeal of giving evidence against her was over at last, and Mrs. Dasson free to depart; but as, with tho aid of a policeman, she was edging her way through tho throng hanging about the doors, a few words reached aer that made her heart stand still. " Tho worst accident they've ever lmd on that line," one man was saying to another. " You see it happened just as tho train was full of city gents going up to their oilices, I did hear that there was ten dead ttnd no end of wounded." "Is it—is it turo ?" gasped Mrs. Dasson to tho policeman who was piloting her. " And where did it happen?' ." Well, yes, mum, I'm afraid it's true enough I A collission, you know, some wheres between—"and ho named the station from which her husband travelled—" and the next. Happened about nine-twenty, I reckon," Oh 1 agony that it was to hear this I—to ho forced to tell herself that.if her husband had gone earlier, 03 he intended, ho would have escaped. She looked co ill that the policeman civilly offered to procure a cab into which ho assisted her, asking where he should tell the cabman to drive. '' To tho city," was tho reply. And, accordingly, thither eho was takon, trembling, weeping, praying; now yielding to despair, and feeling "convinced that she should find her husband at somo hospital frightfully maimed; now hoping he had escaped injury ; but always haunted with a dread-that he was amongat tho killed. And they had parted in anger I She should never be able to express her patieiice and receive- hia pardon. How should she enduro lifo if he was taken from her, or how forgiie horself if he were among those who would linger out n miserable existence crushed, crippled? ? Hut tho cab was at tho door of the office, and a junior clerk, catching sight of a pule, pretty face at tho window of tho vehicle, officiously rushed out to interview its owner. Mr. Dasson? H? hadn't been at the office all day, Delieved thegovernor had received a telegram— I/cln fell back almost prostrated by this confirmation of her fears. She contrived to give iho now compassionate clerk her address, and he bade tho cabman lake her to her homo us quickly m pcuiUle. The door flew ? open :as she - tiitlercd 1 ' towards it, and Alary appeared, lie; , apron ht hereyes, . . '?';:.. "Oh, ma'am, I'm bo- thankful 'you'vo' come I" the girl eobbecU "My master I" . She threw open, the dining-room door, and ? there, his arms flung out on tho table, his head resting on them, sat Alfred Dasson, Ills hair dishevelled, his boofs muddy, his clothes ; drenched with the rain that for the last two - or three hours bad been falling steadily. : The opening of the door aroused him j lio sprang up, beheld Lela, who flew towatds ' him, and they were rapturously clasped in each other'B arms, and Mary closed the door upon them. : Then lio was safe—unhurt! Oh, Heaven be thanked ! But where bad be been? ' ing for her 1 Why, what was she to under- ? stand from that? " : ??-.'?'... "When I left here," he explained, "tlio ?? i first thing I heard of was the accident that had happened to the train I misstd, ami > someone told mc that poor Tompkins—you a have often heard mc speak o£ him—was one i of the sufferers by it. So I helped to cany, him to the nearest hospital, and then ' hastened to his wifo—she was staying with friends at ltichmond—broke the news as well as I could, and took her to him. While ? thus employed, it struck mc that my own wife might hear an exaggerated account of the affair; so I wired to the city, excusing myself there, and came homo to find Mary in great distress. You had gone out, she eaid, looking like n ghost, and accusing her o£. having ruined your happinc?S. You had gone away as'i£ you never meant to return, , and I have been rushing from place to placo ever since I heard this to find my darling, nnd entreat her to return to mc. I have but just come home, co worn out with fatieue and misery that I could hold up no longer." ?? Lela insisted on deferring her explanations till he had changed the wet garments in. \ which he was shivering. Need we 6ay that they were satisfactory, or that the anxious hours epent by both' husband and wifo taught them that in r> wedded life even "a tiff" should be care-;; fully avoided ! '.-,' .'?' 