THE DIVORCE EXTENSION BILL. TO THE EDITOR. I am, & c., J. BLACKET. Petersburg, December 1, 1888. sir-The Hon. J. H. Gordon is to be com-<*> emended for his [?] his skilful manner of putting " things. Attention is diverted from the real question at issue, and by acts of ictulal legerdemain; tta oaw "flatting "ia which a subject is placed is most convincing. This fact wa3 very apparent in ths hon. gentle ttaaa address on the Tota!i:ator Bill, sad v .' qual'y 60 in his able speech on the proposed I.?ivorc3 BiU. Ha lays down the principle that luarrUge was given for two reasons—"The faocreation <.! ctoldren " and *' themutual help acd society cf man and wife." Than he proceeds to argns that viers these two reassns sre &?t fclSilti tiere ought to be a dilatation <i tcsriis^e, Hi 3 words are "if htwbaad acd wife ceaae to be a helpmeet no reason exiafcd for tha continuance of the ccaxmg; relation." fie further state j that the principle jut referred tj "appears to birr>. to be an unanswerable pos:tioc."' Consequently there is an end to al i controversy, and the Divorce BiU meat paas. The hen. psntleman loses sight of the foot tha'. the question at issue is not the reason why n.arri?ge was instituted, bet the indissolnbility tr otherwise of the n;arriage tie, savin? for ths cause of adultery, L'ivine revelation not only given to ua the "reasons" why marriage was icit.tated bat ie tbe icost emphatic terms— tfrms that caa never be explained away—it t*-J!3 vs Low lens tha contract is to be binding. Thia 13 the ct-~x of the whols matter. If a oan or womtn does ceaae to be a helpmeet there i? yet a divica reason why their marriage contract shovid be binding. The han. gentle t&an;'a position—that when ni?n acd women do cot fulfil a law the law should not be binding is certainly vicious. On tsro occasions, in tha cost explicit language, Cbiut lay* down thia principle—" Whosoever shall put awaybia wile, except for fornication, and shall marry another, cc a mitteth adultery." Now let ub look at Mr. Gordon's critique on this passage. He says— "If it U to be taken literally it campletely contradicts the law cf God, as given ia Deut. sxiv., 1." Bat Mr. Gordon fails to give the reason advanced by Christ why, under the Mosaic dispensation, divorce was allowed for other causes thaa adultery. "Moses," Be cays, "because of the hardness of yoar hearts—yoar l>w moral state—suffered yon to put away your wives, but from the beginning it was not en." Christ tJoea not regard the law in l>ect. xxiv., 1, a? a commandment of God. but as temporary legislation permitted by Moaca " l rnder a darker dispensation," be saye, •' Hosea permitted you to put away your wire* for various causes, bnt under a brighter dispensation I say onto yon that whosoever shall pet away bis wife, except for fornication, and shall many another conucitteth adultery." There is no contradiction between Deut, nir., 1, and the law laid down by Ohtirt. Ac a theologian Mr. Gordon is not a bucooss. He ea;s that the law laid down by Christ is parabolic. But there is not the ghost of v pat able abopt it It is one of the rnott nakedly literal statements in the tpglibh language. Mr. Gordon next deals with t>e assertion that ths extension of divorce was opposed to public morality. Again he pute a false istce to hon. members. He aska— "How could it be immoral to relieve a poor si: Series woman from the horrible bandage of a brut a: husband V No one says that it is yn aorai. It is jest that the woman should be released (if the«o desired) from such a bondage, asd voder the present law she can be released. What opponents of the BiU affirm is thia- Tbat to weaken tbe marriage bond, to degrade U aciti character, is condacive to untao ta'itj-. Such i* indeed tbs ca*e. It was so in 3-_c:t ti Kcm?, it ii so in America. I give tbe tc&tiu-CDy; cf an unimpeachable authority. Arrocjft the " L'oitca Monday liectures," de l:\erti fyr the Eev. Joseph Cook, whilst in Australia, waa one on "Facts as to divorce in tvew UngUud.' Spaaking to the very crtt::-. oi Bostonian intellect the lecturer s?:d — "There is a daughter of a ]ic?r-et?c:s fanuer who has been divorced ircm tore? husbands, each of whom is Irsir? acd 1. arr:ed to another wife, while she b?si?Uly b«(BL siried to a fourth husband. N;r is this the cc'.y caae of the kind reported iv Cccctcticut. Tare Yerrsosters deliberately charged* wives by aid cf the cjaiti. Yoaafc l£'.i:e coolly reckon en divorce in contracting u.ai:it£es. A Verm&nt; ctuple married 'on t::?i *or tii. a.:>nths,' asxeeing.to eet a divorce if t-ither party aid cc-t like. Aa aivertise nunt snxitti jn 3 E^t^n DeVspipjr for tcmt t;u c—' I'ivprccs l^aliy and quietly ob tains d, can pay ty icstaisientj.' Oat of 17 case? U:?d at c-netsrru of tjurt in Vermont, in the cpicicn t^f cembers cf the bar all but it? wire colics.ye.' The lecturer further ttit'.J that t.centi.ussen was increas es with f?;iiJ.ie^ for divorce. In !.'■? c?;ial report for 1.5.-O tbe head of the Lv: lan of Statistics of Labor for Massa£hu*eUs fa::) that th? i^iu?trial and social condition cf tLe wotfciD? claoeas was affected for 6vil an-uC-nt 'therthinraby "increase of divoriea." 1 fhc.:!d like, sir, ts give toe increase of divo?c*? in eaire of tUa states through io crrsftd fac:Uti«*. but fear that you would veto a-y Irttcr. Kindly allow me* space for one txaapie—Connecticut. In IS Jo, when in ttrcr+iacce and ctstlty were added to ciiues for di\ ;>:.-?, there «?3 an increasa in the ticmte; of divarcts. In lr-li? several other causes wex« addtd. \Vhat was the canae 4uer.£6".—That i year there were 91 divoroas; tLe Dtit year Vs?; and in ISSS there were 425 dirpne*. Attain juncture in our (tjlitic&iaad; social history let us ponder above fixates,— 