®3>t NoMtst THE CLENCHED HAND, OS A RIVAL FROM THE PLAINS. A STOEY OFAMEMCAN SOCIETY. \- By Hkukt Montcalm. <QContiavue&.$ CHAPTER XXril, "" W&LOWBROoK.; Pridav nierlrt. " Dear ifiss Stapleton. — When you read these words I shall not be alive ; for if I survive a meeting with Mr. Armington to morrow morning this letter will not be sent. I make no excuse for addressing yon, since there is srtfiietiiiag f have a right to say. Will you let me go back for a moment? Only « few weeks ago — though my life has been so crowded and changed since then, that the interval seems as uiany years — I regained rind lost, all in one swift hour, the best friend I ever had 5 one who waB your friend as well as mine. I have told of Raymond's death ; but I never told you of his djdag wish. Almost with the last breath Raymond en acted from me a promise. It was that I would go East to his old home for a while, and tluit, if possible I would love Blanche Stapleton. I caute, and, by the purest chance, I met and loved you. Y-m remember that scene on the boat, before I yet knew who yon were ? Y"'i must believe me when I say that 1 loved yon the first time I saw you, Miss Stapleton, for it is true 1 'From the inorueat I knew you and Blanche Stapleton were one and tiie same, Raymond's wish became my own. I was resolved to win yon if I could. And there came a sight when I held your hand in mine, and asked permission to come to you again ; and when you — knowing, I am sure, all that my words could . mean — consented, I went away happier, I believe, thin it is often the lot of any ui»r to be. ' The next evening, coming to Stapleton, as I had engaged to do, Mrs. Sutherland told me at the gate that you had gone riding with Mr. Armington, to wlrosn (she said), you were privately engaged. From what has happened since, £ have coine to think that possibly she was deceiving me. If I knew that she told me me true, I should not be writing as I am doing. If she was deceiving me then, — though I shall be dead when you read this, — I should be very sorry indeed not to have you know it, for my conduct most have ap peared as unaccountable to you as yours has to tne. ' But however that may be, there is ono thing further (hat I have determined to tell you. And, believe me, £ do not tell you this to keep you from Reginald Armington. If you really love him, I do not think it will make any difference to you. But, if yon do not love him, it will open yonr eyes to his true character, and may save yon from his treachery. 'Yon heard my explanation of what took place on the stage last evening. It was not the true one. At least it was not the whole truth. Colonel VVragge was a clergyman and. if he had performed the ceremony, you wonid have become Mr. Armlngton's legally wedded wife. So much was true ; but it was true as well that the whole thing was pre-arranged by your aunt and Mr. Arming- : ton : that I was waylaid the night before, rendered insensible by chloroform, and taken pat of the way by ruffians in Mr. Arm ington's pay, .for fearl might interfere with the plot; and I only escaped confinement just in time . to frustrate it in -the way vol saw. If yon doobt my word in regard to all this, your brother Harry will confirm it. I tell it to you because, as I say, I think you ought to know it. ' I believe thiB is all I have to say to you. You will excuse thiB somewhat lengthy letter since I am not likely to trouble you .again. : You will not receive it at ail unless I fall by ; Mr. Armington's hand to-morrow moramg, which of course is quite possible. My last words to you I wish to be these, that I love you ; love you, I honestly believe . as men rarely love a woman. Will you remember that as long as you remember at all? Rocke Arthur." He sealed and directed . this letter, and then wrote one or two others. Beyond this he made no move toward arranging his affairs. Indeed there was nothing that he cared to do. He knew that Raymond had left the property so that if he (Rocke) died without making any disposition of it, it would go to Blanche. And Rocke was quite satisfied to leave it eo. \- ' He looked at the clock, and saw that it was already past eleven. Going to the door he called a servant, whom lie bad directed to remain up. . Thomas,' he said, 1 1 am going to bed- You are to stay up until Mr. Lowrie comes- He will be here between twelve and one probably, and will bring a gentleman with him. See that they are made comfortable. Then, before you go to bed yourself, awake John. He Ib to sit up so as to be sure and wake me in the morning. Do you under stand ?' ' Yes, sir,1 the servant responded yawning. And, by the way, 1 have left some letters on the desk here. If I am not back by nine o'clock to-morrow morning, I want them mailed. Otherwise not. Do yon understand that, too ?' ' Yes, sir,' Thomas again answered, and turned away sleepily. He was anxious toget back to his chair and his nap. Then Rocke went np-staire, and undressing as usual, lay down to sleep. In five minutes he was slumbering peacefully, just as many a night before now he had lain down with hi6 saddle for a pillow, and fallen asleep, "knowingjl.at an Indian war-cry might wake him at any moment. It was half-past one when Ross Lowrie arrived, bring with him the surgeon of whom he had spoken to Tyrrell. Ross counter manded Rocke's orders as to the awaking of the other servant. He did not intend lying, down at all, and would himself awake Rocke. So Dr. Farnham was shown to his room, and Ross sat there in the library, reading and dozing. And the night wore slowly away. The suti arose that Saturday morning at fifty minutes after four. Ross did Dot awaken Rocke until everything was in readi ness to leave the house, thinking it best that he should sleep as long as possible. At five o'clock he went up and called him. Roeke made a hasty yet careful toilette, hurriedly swallowed a cup of coffee which had been sent to his room, ami then went downstairs. At the bottom of the hall stair case he turned suddenly to find himself face to face with a tall gray-haired, imposing looking man, in the United States Navy, llueke started back, turned white as a ghost, and grasped at the poet near him for sup port. He understood at once that this was the surgeon, though he had thought to meet a younger man. But it was not this that had startled him, and made him, strong man that lie was, turn white and faint. He saw before him the gray-haired man of his dream ! Ross coining out of the library at that instant, saw the olood go out of Rocke's face. What's the matter with you ? If you're going to turu pale at tiie sight of the sur geon, I don't know what yon'H do when you come to face your antagonist.' With an effort Rocke recovered himself, and the colour caine back to his face. ' I ',r!g y«»u will believe it was not that,' he Said. Ross now introduced Doctor Farnham. and the two gentlemen shooks hands cor diully. 'Are wo ieady to start?' Rocke asked, glancing at the clock in the 1 brnry. ' AH ready, if you are ready.' ' Very well -. let us go.' And Rocke led the way to the fiont door. With his hand on the knob, he turned bae k abruptly. ' Gen tleinen,' lie said, in a strange, unnatural voice; I fully believe that Reginald Ar mington is to die this morning by my hand. And yet, I call you to witness, both of you, that I have not the slightest idea of return ing his fire !' Then he held the door open while they passed out. ' Why Arthur,' cried Ross, looking at him in wonder, what do you mean ?' ' I do not know what I mean. I only know that I am destined to kill that man whether I will or no, and that the time has come at last I' And, in moody silence, Rocko strode down the carriage- path to the hired carriage which was waiting at the lodge. CHAPTER XXVI. the field 0f honor. Early morning among the bills ; the sun shining brightly, not yet an hour high ; a stream narrow and running swiftly toward a deserted mill just below , and open space on the bank, shut in on three sides by a thick growth of forest trees with ranges of hills showing themselves above and beyond ; in the Centre of this space, two men waiting, — on'£> dark and strongly built, the other tall and slight, and protected ->froin the damps of the morning by a ' spring ulster' of pecu liar pattern. Presently, by a cart-path, leading through the woods to the mill, three men approach rapidly. The persori in the peculiar overcoat leaves his companion, and advances to meet them. He shakes one of them cordially by the hand, and bows to the other two. Then, turning, lie conducts them to bis waiting, comrade who bows distantly as they halt near him. The tall, slight man confers a moment with two of the new comers, while the third, also a man strongly built, but of light complexion, retires a short distance. All this, any stranger up botimes and passing that secluded spot, would have marked and wondered at. Of course, the intelligent reader is at no Joss to .understand that these movements are those of a duel- ling party, and that the dark and light per sons are, respectively, Reginal Armington and Rocke Arthur. " For my part. Ross Lowrie said, as with Tyrrell and the surgeon he drew apart to ; arrange the preliminaries, ' I confess I am rather fresh at this business. But the doc tor, here, has been in affaire of this sort often, and, doubtless, can post us as to just what is proper and correct.' ' Yes,' the elderly gentleman replied, I have seen something of duelling in my time. But when you are as old as I am, gentle men — and I trust you will both of you live to be much older, — you will perhaps see the folly of the practice. Is it quite impossible that this quarrel may yet be arranged in some other way ?' Both seconds shook their heads. ' No, doctor, only one thing will do,' Ross replied. ' It is al way s'so,' sadly mnrmnred the other ' Young blood is hot blood. It is a pity, though , — two such fine fellows as these.' The surgeon paused a moment, regarding the two principals standing apart from each other, each handsome and composed. ' Well, gentlemen,' he added at length, 'wliatinust be must. And now as to choice of position, word, and so forth. Has either of you a sil ver dollar ?' Tyrrell produced the coin, and the surgeon, taking it, prepared for the toss Now, Mr. Lowrie,' he said, 'which will yon have, heads or tails ?' And he sent it spinning into the air. ' Heads 1 ' uttered Ross. The surgeon advanced to where the coin fell. ' You have lost sir. Mr. Tyrrell, it falls up on yon to mark off the distance.' Tyrrell selected a suitable place, and, . stamping a stone into the ground with his heel, marked . off eighteen paces in a north and south line from the spot. Here he planted another stone, and turning puced carefully back to verify his measure ment. 'Now,' said the surgeon, ' we must deter mine who shall have the choice of position, and who sftal give the word.' ' And finally, how about the weapons ?' Doctor Farnham enquired. Tyrrell produced a case containing the two revolvers already made familiar to the reader. The surgeon seemed surprised when he saw them. ' Why,' said he, ' this is very unusual. I have seen many duels, but never one with revolvers.' ' We are quite aware of the irregularity,' rejoined Tyrrell briefly. ' But it was the best we could do under the circum stances.' ' It is extremely irregular, the other re peated "shaking biff head disapprovingly. ' And if you must use them, I insist that there be but one cartridge in the chambers.' This last he added upon observing that all the chambers were charged. ' Oh, never mind that, doctor,' cried Ross carelessly. ' We don't pretend to have every thing exactly en regie? ' Of course it is for you to say, gentlemen. But I don't like it.' Tyrrell with a revolver in each hand, now advanced to where Rocko was standing, and offered him the choice. Without hesitation, Rocke took one of them, and carelessly ob serving that it was loaded all aroiind, let the weapon drop by his side, and relapsed into his former indifferent attitude. The other wea pon was given to Rex, who examined it close ly, and tiien stood impatiently awaiting the further movements of the seconds. The two principals were now requested to take their position. Rex's second placing him with his back to tiie stream, and witb the sun on his left hand. This would bring his back to the sun when he stood with his left side presented to his adversary. As has been al ready said, Rex was left-handed, and was, of course, obliged to stand with his loft side ex posed. The two men now stood, eighteen pnees apart, facing eacli other. Their emo tions were very Jiff -rent indeed at that inotneni, though the demeanor of each was that of supremist indifference. This indiffer ence in Rocke Arthur was certainly to a great extent nnassumed. To bis chances of being shot lie did not give a single thought. Nor did lie feel now the slightest enmity toward his antagonist. His sense o£ the deep wrong that Rex had done him seemed now to have passed away, and its place was left only a feeling of mingled contempt and pity. His words 'to Ross and the surgeon just before leaving Willowhrook exactly expressed his feeling and his determination. After the third astonishing coincidence, the recognizing of the surgeon, whom he never could possibly have seen before, the instant be saw bim, it was impossible to shake off the conviction that in some way it was to come about that he was to shoot Reginald Armington, and that it would be done in the presence of this grey-haired surgeon. He had firmly resolved that he would not fire upon Rex : yet (be conviction remained just the same. ; Rex Armington, too, was quite untroubled by any fears as to his own safety. He could feel, all the while, close-fitting to his body, the bullet-proof jacket; and he had seen it tested, and had entire faith in its power to turn aside his adversary's ball. _ No, Rex Arlington's thoughts was not of himself at this moment. He was thinking of the man before him, — thinking how, in a few moments mpre, he should raise the weapon at his word, and lay his adversary dead at his feet. His blood boiled within now, just as it had done that night in the deserted dining- room, when Rocke had hissed in his ears those scatehing, disgracing words of terrible insult, — insult that could only be wiped out with the speaker's blood. At this point in the proceedings, Tyrrell made a rather unusual request to his oppos ing secoud. ' Mr. Lowrie,' said he, ' have you any ob jection to my speaking a single word in private with your principal ? It is a message I have for him.' ' Certainly.-not,' Ross . responded, although somewhat surprised. And they stood waiting wlrile Tyrrell ad vanced to where Rocke was, and addressed hire in a low tone. Mr. Arthur,' said he, 1 1 have a single request to make of you in behalf of my principal.' Rocke looked up at hiin inquiringly. ' You are, as we all know, much the better shot of the two,' Tyrrell went on. Rocke bowed grimly. ' I am by no means disposed to deny the fact, he answered. ' My principal,' Tyrrell continued in the same low tones, ' has, somehow, a horror of having his, countenance, disfigured in any way. And, since it is, of course, likely that he will fall, end since yon can depend upon your own skill to a great extent, he will be obliged to you if you would take your aim , not at bis head, but at his heart. Rocke smiled sarcastically. ' And so Mr. Armington is afraid that I shall spoii his handsome face for him ? I should suppose it would make little differ- edce to hiui where he is to be shot at all. However, it is immaterial to me. I am quite willing to promise you that if I shoot him at all It shall be through the heart.' ' Thankyou,' Tyrrell replied. And then, his object attained, lie went over, and placed himself some ten feet to the right of his principal. 1 Ross now took his position at an equa distance between the adversaries, and at a safe distance to one side.' ' Now, gentlemen,' he called out, yon will please give me your attention for a moment. When all is ready, I shall count three very slowly ; and then, after an in stant's pause, I shall speak the word ' fire I 'dropping this handkerchief as i do so. At that word, and not before, you are to dis charge your weapons. Is it understood !' Both principals bowed, and then each placed himself in a position, standing with sides towards .his antagonist, and his arms hanging down, pistol in hand. Now, gentlemen, attention 1 Are you ready ? Each man turned his eyes away from Robs, and cocked his weapon. Then Rex raised his slowly, and pointed it at his adversary. Rocke, on the other hand, having cocked his, lei it drop again to his side. — ' One.' There was profound silence all over the scene ; and neither of the two principal act ors moved a muscle. — ' Two 1' They still stood motionless. Rex, coolly fixing his aim, noticed, of course, that Rocke's revolver etlll hung at his side ; and he thought to himself, that, quick as "the other was, he might get in before him at a word. — ' 1 Three !' Still the men looked like statues, one with his arm raised, and one with arm still at his side, — each waiting now with his senses all alert for the final word. — ' Fire !' "The word came with scarcely a moment's pause between it and the word three ; and, as it was uttered, each man saw out of the corner of his eyes the glance of the falling handkerchief. There was heard a single report, the report of Rex Annington's weapon, and then all eyes were quickly turned upon ltocke Ar thur. He was standing with his revolver still lowered, and with his right arm hang- idg shattered at his side, — though of this fact no one but himself was then aware, lie had not yet fired. Watching him eargerly they saw him swiftly change the weapon to his left hand. Either was ulike t© liiui. He had shown that, not tuauy days before, on the croquet lawn. . Ross now looked on, wondering what his principal would do, while Tyrrell and Rex waited for him to fire, angry and uisappoint- ed at the latter's shot. Rex aim had boen perfect, but Rocke's srm, hanging at his side, had saved his life. Rex had already made up his mind that as soon as Rocke had returned his fire, he would at once demand another shot, well knowing that his adver sary was not the man to refuse him. The next moment, Rocke Arthur made such a demand impossible, bo deliberately raising his pistol and firing in the air. But the end was not yet ! (To be continued.) 