AN INNOCENN ELOPE MENT. l(.v. Br M. E. Holaiian. A winter gloaming, bat soft and grey. A atretab of eastern country open and wooded, high and low, level and broken, beaatifal in summer, bat jaet now deeply bidden beneath a mantle ol mow, and above it banging a dome enow-laden, A taint western wind stirring tbe orohard’e peat desolate heart, and filling 161 aisles with uncanny wblspora. From an inviaibie eomewhore gaant shadows stealing forth and reaching oat their sold, bare arme to darkly embraoe a rambling, old-faehionedbomeetead mansion. Ever unwinding and gaining volnmB as they approached, those spectral shades silently stalked into a quaint, low.oeiled apartment before whose open ohaem of a firs place etoad a yoang girl. She was in appearance almost a ehild, alim as a yanthfal tamarack, and gracefal, with a face aweet, ronnd, fresh, daintily tioUd, but hardly op to the oiaaieal ideal of beauty. A faoe tendsriy, temptingly, daringly lovable, yet woadroas lad, wlttsl, in Ita present repose. Had flames suddenly broke from a smouldering log. Hcorlst arrows, with Rem. brandt effect, pierced tbs encroaching gloom, forcing its retreat and eoftly kissed that girlish faoe, those dreamy, veiled eyes, and two little hands idly falling down and ligbtly clasped before hor in on attitude of uneon scions gracs. Her dress extended high to the warm throat, and, loosely oonfined at the waist by an nrtiilio knot of ribbon, fell (freight down to her eiim feet in folde of soft white otsh With that halo of light apon her, and ander tbe spell of deep thought, she re sembled strangely the oarven image of a devont, rapt young saint out from Cararo marble, or the miniature of an introspeotive Aphrodite in Parian stone. Ho wonder a man coming op tbe v>aU paused jnil outside the window an instant with bated breath then slowly resumed bis way with something very like a sigh of pain. As if his glance had pierced her armour of ' I wish it was over,' the murmured, prilling her small fiogers close together in an agony of isif-resmint ; then suddenly flinging thamaparl with a passionate gesture * or I wish I had uever some, or that I wss dead, or that—-ih, God ! how I wish Bat—bah !' a smile of contempt drooping her tweet lipped month at tbe . corners ' Whsl me to wish ? Ob, Ibis gnawing pain at my heart I This burning dryness of my syss. To morrow, an some pretext, I must go home, else I shall go mad ; but to night-• Ay, la-night t What of it T Could she only have foreseen the evsnts in the darkness of that night, would she have oonnted on the morrow that? The banging of a distant door, then tho sound of someone approaching. Art instant hir heart itood still with a I vogue, indefinable, hope, ■ wild, yea ruing I Coaid it hi Paul! Paul Granleigh, her ! coolio, her king among men, yet who in a few houri would be the hatband of another woman I Ah, no, she had seen him ride away in tbe Mtly gloaming. Whan he returned to his ancestral home— wall, aha would not be here. Like a thing caught in guilt, she glanced harriedly around for an avenao of escape, as I a itep—Rick’s—sounded in the corridor ; outside. [ A firm yet light step, end presently the I door was Cong ajar, admitting a tali yoang I mao, and with him a frosty breath from tbe | enter world. i ' Bahold, our steeds prince at the door. Htete to the wedding,’ be cried grandilo Xosn, as his pleasant ayes take in that sole, silent oooapanl: • Trick,* earning forward, ‘you look like s great was doll constructed after the Greek. Where on earth’—a men’s usual scoff at woman's artistio dreis- lova—' did you find that babyish affair ?' Bha shot him a glanoa of overwhelming acorn. ’ That babyish affair woe found at Bsd fern's, and east dad mors money than yoar eelf end your prancing eteadi are worth, Sir Ignorance. Coma, that’s e good boy'—m sweet, laughing tones—* fitch my wraps from yonder* sofa, and—* 'Oh, no horryl’ flinging himaslf into a chair near. ' Tbe governor, your respected ancle, and tbe incky sire of yonr bnmble servant, ft atill iwearlng oyer an aggravating eiaval. I heard him as f stole past hi> room. As it la nearly six hours to mid—. By Jove, old man 1’ hi* eyes suddenly iiftinv to a t-ll form in the doorway, 'Ejected, cbf What’s np?' Hie brother slowly entered. ‘ I forgot my pqrss, and—well, you know one aannot expect to do Europe on bis wedding lour with empty pockets <’ with a low, mirthless laugh. *1 lsft it la my room io some pleas. Will you fetch ft while I warm op, Errie r ’ Well, seeing it's yoor night of doom, yes; but’—with a heart free laugh—you're polliog a mighty long face, old man. for a pro spective groom. Cheer up. Life is short aud full of ehanosi. Ma belle will be in a dense of a temper if you don’t oallivale a happier look for the altar.' When th* door had eloied apon him, Paul Inroad to bit slim, whits-feaed oonsin. 'Let "**- look el you,' he exclaimed, devouring her withhla dark eyta 'Hen where we have been io happy together, let n« pari; and after to-night, it will be blit for both if God never lain me see your^empl inc foes again.’ Thrilling and chilling alternately, the stood before him voioelesa end motionless under bit intense passionate eyee. * You do care,’ he oontinued meohanioally. * I uever dreamt you did until to-night. I saw you through the window, and I—I read your loos. Ob, Triek, Trick ! if only we had met earlier, when I was free, and yon-’ * Hash !' eh* oried psssianately. ' An yon hnmau to tartar end Insult ms so!’ Forg v me. I—I am mad, I think, Good-bya Ha turned Unsteadily to leave the room. He pansed, end coming back stood before her. His fees was calm, hat somehow rnggeetive of florae restraint. He was a strong man ' with strong ' passions, and possessing ao iron will to eontrol them. ■ Will you ring for me that song you saug when first yon earn* to visit us?’ be asked. * I hive a presentimert that it will be the lsst time I shall ever hear year voioe, and I wont to remember it. It wen a pity to for gel ebe sweetest thing oo* evsr beard, would It not, little one!* A dry sob rate in her throat. Beatrix Evelyn was childish in tppetnnca only. Choking down her misery the toned to the piano near. Quiveringiy at first bsr sweet voice rose, then went steadily on to the end. •“TW11I to bresk thsbsnd* that Cod dscissd Io Tel (till arirwe ths children of tbe hs-ther and Though tv away from homo, oh, ’Us tUU for ycu and Teal fee* broom is blowing honor in thst north • I’m afraid you'll have to do Europe on trust, old man,’ txclsimed Blok, entering. * I can't find your " filthy lucre I" *1 will go and find it myeelf, then,’turning as be stood on (he threshold. ' good-bre,’ be ■aid ' It begins to snow. Bee that Beatrix is well wrapped, Errio.’ Then he was gone, end Triek shivered, ' ril be b'amed if he isn’t more fit for a lanalio esylnm then a bridal tonr,’ grumbled Blok. 'Well, I can imagina pleasanter position! than oarrying the pag dog, and rewiring tbe aaraasm of my future sister-in law, ean’t you, cousin ehere?’ Trick mads no rsturn in words, and wss strangely silent during the long drive to Eaton Piaaa It was a whim of tho wbimsiosi, waritht , bride that tho marriage should ha performed at midnight, hut on their, arrival danairg was , fa progress. Aboil ten o’alook Blok earns up to kii cousin. There «»< * somewhat tionbled took m kta pleasant face. j • I here a meessRe—a telegram for yon,’ he whispered. • Ono of our servants jail brought It over. Oomo into tho oonservatory and read it.' y It was from a prominent doctor in] New ' ^onr *.,t'lor dangerously ill. Come im mediately if yon would see him alive.’ With a low cry ebo lilted her eyea to Errio’e face. Sho swayed, and would here fallen had not someone canght her. It wae Paul. She hardly hooded, bat Errio briefly explained. • I will drive her over to the otation,’ ho laid. ‘ Wo'CBn catoh the midnight train.’ ’ Very well. There ia no nee speaking aboal it; it wonld bat create a disturbance, and I oan easily explain afterward. Hitoh Black Best into my cotter, Errio, quick aa possible, She is a safe animal.’ A fow minutes later, wrapped in fnrs to the eyes, and nearly diilraotsd. Trick was lifted into the waiting entter. Errio wae abont to aoeompany her, when hia brother oalied him aside, and both returned to the honse, only , ooo retarning a momeat later. Bren through her anxiety she felt grieved. Why had Paol so coolly parted with her? Bashing to her eyes the tears froze there. She bad no desire to speak, and Errio apparently was in the same mood. Silently and tediously they drove against the ever inereaslng storm. Wilder and more fattens iVbeoame, deeper and more drifted the snow. ’ Wo shall nevor get there I’ cried Trick, wildly. ‘ It muet be near midnight bow !’ And her tortured mind went back to the mansion long left behind. In a fow minntes Paul wonld be married, perhaps Perhaps no was married already. Behind her in iUe lay the might-have-been of happiness. Bsfore—God, what was before? Her boioved father— B'ook Bsss had stood still aa it bewildered. Through a grovo near the wind moaned in painful accents. I * Aro wo lost, ErrioV Bho cried. ‘Why don’t yon spesk ? Why-’ He leaped Irotn the oatter and went quiaklv forward. Blnak It’ss stook qaivsring in her traaks Presently he returned to her side and stood I there, the wind bowliog and driving abont them both, the snow falling fast and ■ It is nseless. We ean go no farther ; she has lost the road.’ he said. At tho voice Trick ottered a cry and tore the veil from her faae. ‘ Paul T she cried. * Where is Errio 1 Why did yon do this mad thing ?' ' Bcojtrtel was mad , I wanted toseeyon, to say a last word before we parted—torgivi, Forgive me' • Where is Errio!’ ' L eked safely op in the cloakroom nnlssa they have liberated him before this’—grimly. • Wnat will yon do?’—daztdly, ‘Yon Cannot be back by midnight to-' • I had not intended to. Iodacd, I am not •ore I ever intended going back at all. Bat a marriage oan be postponed, a death cannot, t knew if it were possible for anyone to get yon to Zadwiek in time for the midnight express I coaid. I have failed ’—lighting a match to see his watoh-fice, and speaking iu a kind of bitter despair, ‘It is halt-past twelve, and,’ he continued passionately, *1 am glad I am not married—glad I am with yon. darling, corns wbst may.' • Hash 1 Ob, what will 1 do ? Whit etn I do? What will tboy all say of mel' • They will not dare say a word of yon '— fiercely. ' I—I wish we wonld both die hers to-night. We wonld at least be together! No ooe amid part ns. Bat although it is wild and stormy, it is not add, and there it no sash lack as freezing In store for ns.' • Yoa mart go back,' she cried wildly. • Yoouiiiif go baok. I command it. Take Black Bess, and leave me here. Yon haws wronged mo cnoogh already. I forbid yon staying here now. Go, go 1 And pray Sod I may never look upon your face again.’ All his mad entreaties were of no avaiL She only repaired and hade him leave her. Haw that long arght aodcr tho shelter of an overturned entter was spent Triok Evelyn never lorgot, but always shuddered whon she spoke cf It. Bat after what seemed an eternity she tbongnt she heard volees oi'ling at a great distance; then down she went into the darkness of death. . A month later. In her father's New York bouto, ehe reclined ou a ooneb, very pale, wan, and frail, bat with a look of content on her sweet faca. Her father had bnt jnat loft the room when a servant ushered iu auntaer man— none other thsn PaulGrsnleigh, bat, from the awful events of that awfal night, the ghost of hi* former self. With a blush. Trick held out her hands ; then, as be gladly took and held theminbir, burst into a storm of tears. ■And they thought we had slopod—that papa’s illness was only a triok.' she said, later. * If they had found Erric b-fore mid a ght—before Miss Eaton, in that fit of anger, married her music-master, how dif ferent it wonld have been (or us.' • Perhaps ft wonld, and spoiled our lives, my pet’—softly. * Sweetheart, I shall always think I was mad that Dight, and,1 he con tinned, softer yet, • ties- m« m-rtnessi’ 