Chatter XVI.—In New Quartkhs. At least the time of young Stuart JKarlo's first long leave was over, and bo went to Blank- I bampton to join, his regiment, when for several months his life was certainly not of the moBt pleasant kind, and was very different from any experience he had had before. For one thing he had made a bad impression at his very first appearance among them on each and all of his brother officers, from his com manding-officer down to the latest joined subaltern, 83 that every one of them was on the look-out for the smallest Bign of that." cheek" which every man of them felt it was his personal and particular duty to try to: eradicate.. .A difficult task even for the united strength of. a whole regiment, for Tommy's native bounce was apparently of unlimited quantity, while in quality, as : bounce, it was of the very first water. So far as his manners in the messroom were concerned, he was, in an incredibly short time, what' Beautiful Jim called ."licked into shape," but, in other ways, Tommy proved himself to be simply incorrigible! For instance, ho never could bo .brought to see that, in Blaukhampton society/' ho. was in any way inferior.to his senior officers, and even in the palace of the lord bishop himself, ho.mudo. no more ado about opsuly. chaffing,Beautiful Jim or telling an absurd;tnle:at-ihe majors..expense, than he did of flirting -desperately.,with little Violet Leslie, who.was barely out of tbe schoolroom. Indeed, before six months had gone by, Tommy had tho name of being the most impudent young cub.who liad ever, graced tho Blunksliiro Regiment, or the old city of Blaukhampton, by his presence. : , * ; It: must be owned that tho women had had a good deal to do with it—they utterly spoilt hira, for they allowed , him to . take almost any liberties , that hechose, partly because ho was so young, partly: because he was so , actually beautiful in person, partly "Then how do you know all tkL? because be "was the last of a very old and J rich and eminently distinguished race. And Tommy, as-Beautiful-Jim truly said, was utterly spoilt by all the adulation and flattery which was lavished upon him, simply because his bead would not Btund it, any better than it was ablo to staiid a single extra glass of wine. It was strango that this foolish child did not : realise that his best interests for the future lay with the. officers of bis regiment rather than with the ladies of the, town in which he was quartered. Yet it was so.. Not a day passed, if be was not on duty, that as soou us ho was frco from work he did not go flying off to some feminine charmer,, and ho neither could nor would understand that " the fellows " objected to goiug' to tea parties where Tommy was the oontro figure, to dinners where Tommy mono polised tho whole of the conversation, and to dances where Tommy's audacious flirtations made him the observed of all observers. But though Tommy did not become very popular iu his regiment, ho was popular cuoughiu tho towu ,to satisfy nuy ordinary craving after the approval of tho many. He became, after tho first few weeks, the intimate friend of all Glasses —he: was "Tommy " from one cud of Biankhampton to the other. Beautiful Jim did his best, but his influenco weut a very short way, for his advico was any thing but palatable to tho last of the Eirlos, and it must indeed be a very strong and firm will which can follow the most oxcolicut advice in the world if it is unpleasant, to the exolusion of all that makes lifo worth having, a much stronger will than Tommy was blessed with. Iu truth, all Tommy's strength of purposo went in an opposite direction, that of serving his own cuds and gratifying his own sense of pleasure. . "Jjook here, you young beggar," said Jim one day to him, being moved thereto not by any desire to do Tommy good, but by au uncom fortablo feeling thatsho would ho grioved if she could sco iill that went oh in Biankhampton sooioty,41 if you go ou like this, what do you mean to couio to—hoy ? • Tommy looked up with his own unabashed gaze. ; , " What on earth havo I boon doing to upset you now f" he demauded. " Well, I saw you myself ktM no fovrer than throe women- . last ; night," Beautiful Jim growled; 11 The greater tools they to let J»u." • " Like to havo been there yourself, ch ?" re; marked Tommy, flippantly. . If Beautiful Jim felt half > as contemptuous as he looked at that moment) ho must have attaiuedto the very furthest limits of disdain, for his ugly face seetned petrified -with un utterable disgust. ''Like to havo been there/* he repeated. "Why, you. young idiot, do you suppose there's a single woman, married or maid, in tho whole of Blankhampton, that would givo you so much as a look if I took the trouble to be civil to her? BIcbs you, child, don't flatter yourself. Why, it's because these women think you're such a baby—such a nothing— guch a non-dangerous scrap of humanity —that they let you make • the show of yourself that you do. But'what I want to know is, what the devil do* you mean to come to?" . " Well, really, Jim," Tommy replied, with a certain "last of the Earles " haughtiness in his tone, ."it seems to me you're troubling | yourself in . a very unnecessary way about my private affairs, and— But Beautiful Jim had broken into shouts of derisive laughter. "Tommy, Tommy, you'll he the death of me yet—you will, indeed."" he said. " Your private affairs—why, bless mo, child, the last-joined sub hasn't got any private affairs except in 'applying' for leave. "Private affairs, indeed 1 Well, it's too lovely, that— simply too lovely." Tommy looked blandly - blank. " I daresay it's very funny, Jim," he said, easily, "hut where's tho joke?" " The joke ? In yourself, Tommy, ray child, and you can't he expected to see it." But, after that, Jim gave up trying to keep the lad from making a fool of himself with the Blaukhampton women, and gained nothing whatever by the attempt he had made except to make Tommy firmly believe fiom that tiinefor ward that the senior subaltern was eaten alive with jealousy of him. -And-if he had only known that Beautiful Jim's whole heart and mind was wrapped up in his own sister! If be had only known that to him, he—Tommy—was simply nothing but an" impudent young cub whose only claim to interest/or even notice, lay in the fact he was the brother of that in significant and not-to-he-counted creature, Nancy. Earle—well, it would have helped to take down the young gentleman's idea of his own greatness and his own importance marvel lously. . Unfortunately, however, Jim had not daring all those months the ghost of a chance of furthering his position with Nancy, for almost immediately after Tommy joined the regiment, Afr. Earle was seized with a somewhat severe attack of bronchitis, and by the orders of his medical advisers was on the ivnry first opportunity ordered off to the sunny shores of the Mediterranean, there to stay until the very last east wind of our ungenial spring-time should have taken its departure from his native shores. It had been a bitter blow to him, hut it was useless to fight against fate, and though ho tried hard for foreign leave, he was, owing to various rum; ours of disturbance floating about the* country at the time, unable to get it. So the—to him—dreary and profitless winter days dragged over, and he only lived in anticipation of the good and joyous tirao to come, when ho would have put a certain question to Nancy Earle, and she would have paid "yes," and given herself to him forever.. Some men might have had a doubt lest she might say "no,"'but Beautiful Jim had co such misgivings, and it never entered his head tbat'ii was possible she miffht- refill him—tipypt - m At the beginning of March, a certain part of the Blankehire Regiment .was sent from Blank hampton to Walmsburr, there to remain for at least six months. • The officer in command was O wen, who bad lately, got his troop, Beautiful Jim, a youngster called Manners, and, to his own unutterable and inexpressible disgust, the lost of the Eurlcs—Tommy. ' • . Just at first be was rather elated at the pro spect of a change. There was something jaunty and soldierly about marching out, colours flying; band playing, and a" dozen broken bear's behind them, and for a few hours Tommy went airily round announcing that they were off to Walmsbury next week, with u " fresh Held* and pastures new" air about him that was irresistibly funny to those of his brother- officers who knew what manner of place Walrosbury really was. But the elution of this young Alexander, longing for more worlds to conquer, did not last long. Prom the fellows he learnt nothing; indeed, for any information he would have had from them ho would have remained in the ignorance which is bliss, doubly so in this c:i until ho reached Walinsburv 'itself; but in Bhukhampton it was different. "Going to Walmsbury," cried one lady to whom he told his news with a very "girl-1 leave-bshihd" sort cf air. "Oh, you poor dear boy, what a shame! "Why, you'll be buried alive in Walmsbury. There's nothing tc do and nowhere to go, and not a soul in the place that you can possibly know. No society whatever." "Oh! I don't know, Mrs. Fairlie," said Tommy, trying not to look as if his jaw was dropping perceptibly, yet with an uncomfort able sort of feeling that tho lady, who was quite a small social celebrity iu her way in Blnnkhampton, was right in what she said, " there must bo plenty of good peojde round nbout." " My dear boy, none," returned Mrs. Fait lie, with an emphasis which killed thfc lust remnant of jauntinoss left in him. "Not a soul who will take the very smallest notice of you." VTakotho smallestnotico of mo!" echoed Tommy, feeling as if an earthquake had sud denly rent the ground under their very feet. "Yes, of you ! Everybody who is anybody in the neighbourhood of "Wa!m>bury," Mrs. Fairlie answered with uncomprising straight forwardness, "is so horribly rich that they only count incomes by millions and' daughters dots .;; byhundreds of thousands. Old famUiesliko., your own they only regard as uteful'ih Imrog > got together fine country places 'for* them."to : buy; and as fbr any one of them ever ashing you to dinner—why, they would almost as soon: . , ask. their sweep. Oh! my dear child, 'I assure.-,, you in going to Walmsbury, you'll find your self in no bed of roses." : It occurred to Tommy at this moment .that . Mrs. Fairlio was rather what. ho called, "piling it on." So she was, but not for ; tho reason that be suspected. In. truth, having set up'for being quiio the prbfes- - sional beauty of Blankhampton, and having - been attended here and there "by her own par-i. ticulnr " mush", (I inust ii.se the slang of tlie . day sometimes, for What.other word, or.com , bination of words, express so fully'and clearly, tho exact sort of friendliness conveyed by the . word " mash?"), in the shape of Colonel Coles,. , she bad, since stern duty had sent that gay ,and"4 gallant old gentleman off to other .dimes, been . without that desirable article of modem, feminine equipment, and it was rather hard on. her that the blithe and bonnie Leslie, girls.. should invariably go about tho quaint old cifcy.^ with men in attendance galore! Tommy Earle, with'hU good old family, his beautiful in- . genious youiig face, bis happy impudence, and ' his devil-may-care air, would have suited her dowuto tbegroubd,not as.a &ubstitute.forbut; , as an improvement on, the gallant old gentle man removed—and she' had expressed, .or at. least intimated her decision to Tommy at avery early stage of their acquaintance. But Tommy bad greatly preferred the bonny young Leelie; girls to the - middle-aged' lady of provincial fashion, who bad onco been pretty and.now posed as a beauty in consequence, and so she " piled it on" as high as she possibly could in recounting the disadvantages of Waimsbury as a military quarter.' u But, Mrs. Fairlie," said Tommy, when ".he could get his breath so as to speak, "haveyou. ever been to IVahnsbury r" " Never." refcn'pTipr? lorfi ^Then how dp you know all this?" he inquired, triumphantly. " Prom the unfortunate men who hare been quartered there," ehe replied immediately, and Tommy was crushed forth with. But Mrs. Fairlie was only the first of many who condoled with him on the misfortune of being sent to a place so uncouth, go unattrac tive in every way as Walmsbury. Thus the . young Alexander's thoughts and ideas under went a complete'revolution, and by the time half the week—the last week in Blankhamptdh —was over, his indignation and disgust at his fate had positively reached their furthest limits. And then when they got to the hated place and he found himself in his own miserable deserted quarters, he became simply abject. When he saw the dirty unattractive streets, the pokey, little shop!1, the ill-looking men and' women,, and the utter absence of any. and every , sort of rank and fashion, he fell into a settled misery of regret. 1 .. , -V For the first time since he had joined his regiment, Tommy regretted, siacerely that he had not, when he had the chance, made himself more popular with his brother officers' than he had done. For he found "Walmsbury no better than a prison, the. very eud-of. the earth, the abomination of desolation! 'Moreover, he waa fairly thrown on his beam ends for lackj of femmine society.. It would be difficult to me to truly describe bow his soul sickened and yearned for the" crowd of pretty and well-dressed women he had known iu Blankhampton, the women with aristocratic and pretty drawing-rooms, in which he had hud his own especial seat, and where he had been waited on like a young god—bow he missed the good balls, the luxurious club, the grand old parish with its tall towers and its stately ceremonious services—how he missed the gay shops and the pleasant dinners, and the . innumerable tea-parties!. Tea, he missed' them all with a fierce resentment such as made Walmsbury. and everything in it hateful to him, and many 'were the un favourable comparisons which he drew between them as he stalked suddenly through the narrow . and dingy ill-kept streets of, the., little manu-': factoring, town to the club,-where there was., never a eou! excepting a few millionaires playing whist for shilling points, who took no more notice of him—the last; of the Paries—r than if he had. been one of their own factory . bands, and displayed none of that adulation which they would have shovrii him if lie bad been oue of those same factory hands who bad. been bard-beaded enough and close-fisted enough to scmpe a fortune together! " And these people live here from one end of : their lives to the other," Tommy cried one day as he crossed the road from the barracks to the . Commissariat-office; encountering a stream of oily hot-looking factory Lauds just ice out of the mills, on the way. 4< Go on from year's end to year's end, knowing nothing different. Good God! what an end to live for"—and then he had to go ou his way and sign a report that the bread for the dny was sour and not sufficiently baked, and then, t li! poor Tommy, to sit down iu Lis baro and hideous room—for he had never had the heart to try-.'and make it look even habitable—and write a duty letter to his sister * Nancy ! Poor Tommy, it was a long fall aud a. lmrd fate, from the co>y drawing-rooms and the charming women gii which his memory dwelt so fondly, to the stern reality of life at Walms bury, of which the chief incidents were in sufficiently haked broad and a duty letter to bis Bister Nancy! And, as the natural result of all this, it was not very long before Master Tommy Parle got into very uninistakeable mischief indeed. 