Facts and Fancies. A little nonsense now and then Is relished by the wisest men.—HUDIBRAS. The showman who was eaten by a domesticated tiger went off in a pet. Advice is lite medicine. Tou can never tell whether it will do you any good until ait:r you have taken It. Fond Mother: "You bebaved veiyvrell at dinner liwt night, Percy." Teroy: "That's because I was sj sleepy, nwmmu." A Providonco roan has invented a fog-horn which can be heard e'even miles. It U a nice thing lor a neighbourhood. Somebo y asked "Sin. O'Braltoghnn the meaning of "ponthumoui works." "Sure, thin, an' It's meself tint known; sire, they're the books a man writes aft her he's dead." . G? nr/ li<*1 Youth: " I ol?o nm very musical. I sang •Woodman, spare thnt tree,' last night, and there w.ifn't a dry eye in the room." Cruel Young Lady : " Were you alone I" " Yes," he said. "I'm tired. I'vo spent the whol.i d:iy pmetising on a type-writer machine, and it's hard work." "I thought yon employed U typo-writer!" " Yes, but I mumed lier." "Do you believe in the Christian science cure V "1 used to." " And did you think pain was imaginary and had no existence 1" " Yes." " What converted you .'" " I had three bjils on my neck at once." Brown: " Dnraley, I want to buy a dog." Dumley: " That's a good ides, Brown. I thuik every man ought to own a dog." Brown: "Do you know where I can get a good one I" Dumley : " Yes; I'll sell you mine." Douglas Jerrold was once asked by an intolerable bore, who affcerrd to be a poet of the Milton school, whether he bad read his "Decent iuto Hell." " No, sir," responded tho irate wit, " but I should like to sco Butcher: "What can I send up to-day, Mrs. Styles'" Mrs. Styles: " Send me a leg of mutton; and be sure that it is from a black sheep." Butcher : " A black sheep I" Mr*. Styles: " Yes; we ore in mourning, you know." A man taxed a friend with having been "obfus cated," to use a polite phrase, on the previous evening. "That could not be," the'friend replied; "I am a teetotaller." " Ah, then," was tbe quick answer, " yoa were probably wutjr tight t" Brown: "Shockln' thing! You heard of poor Mullins getting his neck brokon in that collision!" Jones: "Ah ! It's astonishing how lucky some fellows nre! He told me Inst time I saw Lim he'd just insured his life for three thous'd poua's 1!" Culberston : " I believe I've killed the dog, Finn !" Finn, the gamekeeper: "Give yourself no uooayincss, Hor. He always lies doon phin a gintleman mures a burred, jest ter ai«e tile gintleman's fellin's, sor, b3 makin' him tiuk he's shot soraethin'." Grigg*: " Sec here, Slimh y, a word with yon beforo you go. You've been calling on my sister for throo months and I think it's about time to ask your inten tions." Slimley: "Perfectly honourable, Tom. She proposed to rue to-night and we'll be married soon." New Novelist: "How i» this, Skiraly? My last novel I lent yon came back strongly smelling of onions." Skimly: "Bless your dear heart, boy. I merely rubbed onion* over the pathetic pages to moko thorn more effective. It is an improvement, you'll find." "We, the jury, find the prisoner guilty," was tho verdict rendered by a coroner who had heen called in to view the remains of a man dead in his cabin in Taylor county, Geo: gin. The coroner and jury had made a firo and emptied a jug of whisky before giving their decision. A judge got as good as he gave fn the Law Courts tho other day. " I c*n teach you law, Mr. ," he said to a well-known Chancery barrister, " but I am afraid I cannot teach you manners." "Er ," said tho banister, with some hesitation, " no, my Lord, I am afraid not." Mr. New tic 'on the tour): " Why, my dear, you look p.ileand worried. What is it?" Mrs. Newtie: "Oh, nothing, love." Mr. Newtie: " Not homesick already, dear.'" Mrs. Newtie: "Oh, no, not a bit. [Reluc tantly.] I was just wondering whether that stupid lookiug reporter would spell' tulle' right in describing the wedding." Little Girl: " Mrs. Brown, ma wants to know if sit could borrow a dozen eggs. Bho wnnts to put 'era under a lieu." Neighbour: "Bo you've got a hen sit ting, hr.vo you t I didn't know you kept hens." Littlo Girl: "No 'm, we don't, but Mrs. Smith's goin' ter lend us a hen that wants ter sit, and ma thought if you'd lend us some eggs we've got tho nest ourselfs." (Scene—A Suffolk Village Sohool. Government In spector examining a class on the subject of tbe Witch of Endor and Samuel's ghost.) Gov. Inspector: " Well, boys, what did tho Witch of Endor think she saw 1" (Pause.) First Boy: " Plaze, *ir, that wur nn appari tion !" CI I.: " Quite right; but what is an appari tion ?" (Longer Pause.) Becond Boy: " Plate, sur, that be a spactur!" G. I.: " Yes. yes, quite rightagain, 80 far: but what's a spectre *" (Prolonged pause.) Bright Boy (in a wild fnli'ito) : "Plaze, sur, that be a' gentleman as goo about exaininin* scules 1" A " plucked" medico sends to the Bailie tbe paper on Mechanics given at the examination of the Faculty of Physicians and Eurgeons. He contends that tho seventh question as put is insoluble; at all events it was in«olul)le to him. The following is the conundrum as put by the examiner:—" A piece of cork weighs 41b.: a piece of metal weighing 10lb. is attached to it, and the whole mass weighs Blb. in the water. Determine the specific gravity (I) of the cork, (2) of the metal." Tho medico " gibs it up," and wants a solution. 