OBSERVATIONS. ? «, ? By the Pilgrim.) We are told, Mr. Editor, that '; Open confession is good fer the soul.' If this jurioni holds good, then I ttiust confess to .not being a heavenly constellation, unless it be one of the comet order with a . Very serious andjforjr ending. In the language of the noble ' hanny ' of martyrs, with good 'screw*,' who go tramping up and dew-i* Witt }-razen blasts to ' ran 'em i»»' 1 5m of tiie 'earth, earthy, deceitfttl, and despe *»telv ?wicked.' Six ' karmv cautiucs ' fourteen sergeant*, two regiments and1 in ? numerable losses have tried iii vain to turn me from the error of my ways, though I _ must admit that the lasses succeeded most, and almost persuaded me to become less 'earthy than I am. All this extra strain . Was put upon me because I -was not a reader of the D. T. and that classic organ known . . as the War Crjf. 'the former, as everybody knows, has extinguished betting and horse lacing in this colony — Ahein ! — ami the latter is a welcome addition to our light \- literature. ; I got out my long-handled pen, Mr. : ? Sditor, to ventilate, in a kifiilly way, a f ew «f my pet grievances during the week, such . jw die reservation, of laud in the Bend, the extra charge for removing our evening per fumes and thelike. But I caine to a suddeu bait, for into my -den rushed a real live councillor on Tuesday, with hair aflame and «yos»n end. No that cannot be it. Hbw -enar, - let those who read this reverse it while I go on with my yarn. This coun arms0; length; a dirty copy x-f the D. T., otherwise :' Distinguished Truth- teller (?) ' aiuTasked my opinion of a few of its dis tinguished truths (*) aueut Port Melbourne. Vn JJUs occasion I read the paper so-called, Sjrst /putting on a pair of number 13J gloves. . *V-ribe»nty of expression, deliberate culture, 'Sstbeticism and command of language the p. T. must take the belt, the cake, and cat ?it. -My occupation's gone ; I thought I was atont the biggest retailer of truth, wrong ?end iijj, that ever walked, but I give the ;.r J-. T. man best, for lie lias knocked me out r-' . of time, and I can't come up smiling ; my smile is something between those worn by an elephant going to a christening and a lame duck going' to a funeral. A friend asks what is the meaning oi O.T., and I *ell him it does «-rf mean delirium tremens, a*eing no member of the staff is allowed to '?'«» ^ju uia mission or CTUtn-seeKing i .7 or return from an exploring expedition after truth (?) without the chief ' boss ' smelling his breath for sigus of cold tea or ' Jubilee Blixir.' ' Centennial, Tanglefoot ' is a toedicine nnknown in the regions of the tt. T. sanctum, and 'Cough Balsam' is only taken for the stomach's sake. There is no denying that Tuesday week's issue of this remarkable journal was full of excellent word painting, if true, and worthy «f a place in the niche of time alongside of Quixote's romances, and it wonld be rough on tiie foreman of works and his satellites to be found wallowing in such scent-making materials as fish-heads, vegetables and fruit, festering and rotting at our back gates, tc. The writer of that delightful fiction must have had a bad dream, to put it mildly, or his balm of Gilead went wrong in going down, because it could never be that a man was despatched out of an office, where ?aoctity delights to revel, in order to de liberately libel a people who have, under all circumstances, a remarkably clean borough. But this heaven-sent scribe must not only took after our physical aspects, but he must have an eye on our moral and spiritual welfare, for on Sunday morning last while I slept the sleep of -the unjust and tried to dream the happy hours away, I awoke with a start and thonght a centennial earth quake had come our way, or the last trump cnarounueo. for in naren discordant note* vas a brasseous noise and the thumps of a big drum near my window. Now, \ am a believer in churches and their principles, and I respect their religious and moral ethics, and I also lrelievc in the ' prison brigade ' and its work of reclamation.' But I have yet to learn that a horrible din of iuhannon;ous sounds and a man swallowing two feet of brass has anything to do with religion. Besides, I am a peaceful man, and do not want to beep a shot gun on the premises loaded with saltpetre or peas. If certain folks want to clang cymbals, come jf down heavy on stretched sheepskins and make an unholy row generally, let them hire a boat and float on the mighty deep, and so frighten the big sharks into lieing good, or hurry them off to the Geelongeese, who want a monster of the deep occasionally to waken them up. Since 'reading the remit of a heated imagination in the D. T. I have come to the conclusion that we are morally like our ' streets, and the holy band has been de spatched by tlie eame source to lift us out of our slough of -'filth and garbage.' But its effect on me is to offer up a big swear for tbe future happiness of those people who so far work on the neventli day, carting round a huge drum and instruments of brass ou ?which they toot, totally oblivious of the horrible torture they inflict on poor ' Pil grims,' whose only crime is that thev don't take in the saintly D. T. or the Wore mentioned War Cry. But my enp of joy Ifcn over, and my inusic&l; ears, which I must admit are large enough for a pair of milk caus, tingled with ercruciatiujr bliss when a brass solo was tried with Imxt drum accompaniment. The playist tumbled all -Over the gamut like youngsters rolUnc down .. l.m Tfr_ -I ? 3 J.I.- »_„ ? , «? ° .. ?? uiu. nc uiuuwtt luc lower notes irom tutj bottom of the half hundred-weight of metal till he got them up so high that some of them have not come -lowu yet, and wound , Up with such a blast as would make the aogals weep and give up the ghost without xaora ado. One poor resident could not imbibe so much joy all at once, so he ran out and has not stopped since, and is well on his way, by this time, to the glorious Gulf of Carpentaria. I am prepared, Mr. Editor, to put up with the D. T and the ' Army ' organ, but I don't want to deprive these journals of their celestial music, life is too Bhort to have the heavenly band all in one act, so I would suggest that they should go. about in sections and give us only one instrument at a time, and they will be fol jj, . flowed; 'with the Sunday prayers of ' The \\}f I .rSngrim,' and also induce tlie traveller to '? ' Carpentaria to come back home to his large ^tjfe and eleven children. I am afraid that I have digressed and have allowed my pet grievances to lie swal lowed -up by too much attention to the D. T., but tiie infliction will come eoon enough, and it will keep for my -thirdly along with the other garbage (?). Seriously, or, we are apt to take too much notice of the puerile raviugs of the D. f. num. Any donkey can bray over a hedge and 'Hunk hie music the best on record, but other poaple have the privilege of differing from aim on such ' assiume ' presumption. I »tn of opinion that your article about the 'Gaby* last week has effectually wiped oat -the D. T». ' gutter stra^ier,' and ve c*n now let him R.I.P., and in tlie words of a, Latin poet, who died more than & few ?weeks ago, ray 0 tnnpora ! 0 morn '. or repeat alter the Yankee scribbler and state ?'He'sgot 'em bad this time.' Therefore five him roam, boys, and he'll wind up soon in heaven or the other place. In conclusion, Mr. Editor, I would like to intimate to your numerous and intelligent Tenders (put this in big type, Mr. Priuter, because it is a little bit of humbug that hurts nobody, and it's a safe game to play) that I shall be pleased to answer any corres pondents concerning things in general if «Key will address 'The I'ilgrim,' care of the editor of this journal. N o Sunday writ ing permitted or accepted. The home circle. — Walking about with the baby at night. Carpets were first introduced into England in. tlie eighth century. Tacks lying point upwards in the easv chair soon followed. From these two smail beginnings has dated the rise and fall of many a poor And obscure man. A Gaoss Baby. — Nothing is bo conducive . to a man's remaining a bachelor as stopping ' for one night at the house of a married friend, and being kept awake for five or six \- hours by the drying of a cross baby. All cross and cryioT babies need only Dr. Some's AmerioauHop Bitters to make them well and smiling. Young man, remember this. 'Traveller.' _ Kidney and urinary complaints of all kinds permanently enred with Hop Bitters. Genuine made by American Co. Bead. .--. Sour stomach, «ick headache, and «3i4zi rats, American Co/s Hop Bitten cures with ? few 4oset, See, 