NOTANDE4.; CiRen pens than mine will doubtless do justice to the memory of the late Mr. Francis Tait, mayor of this city. But as one who has known him for several years I should like to express my deep regret that a man at once so publicospirited and so charitable should be thus cut off while still in the prime-of life and when his family and friends might have ez. pected years of usefulness to lie before him. Regret too is intensified by the knowledge that lately. he had to endure various annoyances, and this.combined with some physical suffering must have rendered. the last weeks of his life less placid and' cob fortable than usual, Goulburn has beeoon unfortunate during the last two or three years in losing some of her best residents by.death and removals.. The names of Mr, Gannon, Mr. Foxall, Mr. Davies, Mrs. Oald well, and now of Mr. Tait will ateonce suggest them selves.' We" must all' deeply sympathiso with Mr. Tait's family in the sad bereavement they. have sustained. There does not appear to be any good reason why a lecturer at the. close of his address should be questioned as, if he were a candidate for election to parliament, at least not upon matters outside' the subject he is treating of. Therefore it is hard to see why Mr.. Reid when speaking , on free-trade should have been asked his opinion about Chinese iminigration., Fortunately this is a question on which free-traders and protectionists think alike. But this renders it the more difficult to see a reason for the question. Mr. Reid is as sound on this question as can be desired. Had the fact been other wise, perhaps we should now be told that free-traders are in favour of flooding the country with Chinese I As a matter of fooact they have been perhaps rather more prominent than " the protectionists in their opposition. But,. as I have said, both parties are agreed and can work in harmony upon this question. . S To al thUle joys Of social rooeedom, and the endaring charm Olf lberal lnterchange of soeal, unknown, - Such words might be 'applied to the tiwo scions of royalty whoso betrothal for pltato reasons has been put aside. Truly "all that glitters is"not gold."- In regard to marriage, the lowliest maiden and humblest youth enjoy a privilege denied to the . German Princess and Alexander of Batteoburg, viz., that of espousing the partners of their choice. Whether the custom of mating royalty with royalty should, like the laws of the Modes and Persians, remain un altered is a debatable question. Prince Oscar of Sweden hcs overstepped ail barriers and married the woman lihe loves. Perhaps his conduct may uot be without its 'effect upon the love affairs of con. temporary Iprinces. A great man has advised, "if you wish to marry suitably; marry your equal;" but is it necessary that a man should be a prince to be the equal of a princess? I suppose the line must be drawn somewhere, - but might not the charmed circle containing thewives and husbands of royal youths and maidens be widened, and that with advantage both to the persons immediately concerned and to the state ? Surely the sons and-daughters of England's nobility and merchant princes are more. fitting mates for the descendants of England's Queen than some of the petty princes whose only qualifications are their titles and their poverty. Mr. Harper, a Victorian M.P., has just returned from a trip to Europe. Amongst other things, he observed with regret the impression- which' the scones which occurred in the Victorian L?gislative Assembly last session created in England. The: most extraordinary of those episodes were related in flull in the English papers, and weore accepted on nearly every hand as beiug a correot representation of the standard of parliamentary institutious in Australia, One cannot but suppose that the 'still worse scones that have occurred in the New South Wales parliament must have at least as bad an effect. ' Mr. Harper also noticed that tihe increase oof typhoid fever in Australia was beginning to attract notice abroad. Hitherto Australia has been generally credited with having a healthy climate. Let us take care that we do not lose this reputation-at least, not through neglecoting any known sanitary.pre cautions. Through successive epooha the ery " reform " has ruug again and again, for"in no ago have earth's, children rested the weary brains and folded the tired hands,- exclaiming ", We are satisfied.":" Socially, morally, sand politically nations:have boon mado, unmade, and re-made, by, reform. To-day the same cry rings . out, the same, work goes on. Strangely mysterious the workings appear some. times to the untrained eyeo, bowildoringly chaotic the clamorous cries that fall on tlheignorant.ear; but enlightenmeodt comes, to some speedily, to others, slowly, like the long delayed storm that levels with its fierce wrathful might the forast's proudest giants. 'Reform, like religion, has its true and spurious' disciples; the'foimer are the workers in the human hive. 'They, ate forgetful of self; the spirit of the world's Greatest Reformer animates them. No clashing of cymbals or boating of drums heralds their approach, Quiet power, unostentatious great. nose, are theirs,' Living they work,"and dying they live again in their work's success-forgotten in life to be remembered in death. How different the Judases of reform. Under the flag of liberty they fight for slavery; in the guise of truth they tell the lie; beneath the mask of love and patriotism they conceal the demons, hatred and self-interest ; crying peace with their lips, they wage war in their hearts; calling for law and- order, they work chaos ; and when, from the wreckage of their nation's prosperity, they have seized the gold, with Pilatoelike polioy they wash their hands, To-day the voices of such men are being constantly raised, not alas I against aocial, moral, or political evils, but against anything and everything that does not immediately tend to their own aggrandisoment. Road between the lines of -their printed speeches, listen attentively to their '?idressee, and you will catch the idea so artfully veiled with rhetoric ; watch their lives, and you will learn their creed. It is this: "We believe in the immolation of patriotism, liberty, and our nation, if needs be, upon the altar of self." Bupposed supernatural appearances have boon ox. plained in various ways; but I don't think the revolving flash from a lighthouse has over yet been suggested. Yet that this may lead to a belief that one has soon a ghost is clear from tihe following reminiscence of one of our oldest townsmen, which he related to me the other day. Many years ago lie was workling at the erection of the lighthouse at the inner South Head, Sydney; and one moonlight night took a walk along a path, ratlser thicklly timbered on each side, when suddnculy thle secmblanco of a man appeared to start up in front of him. He instantly grasped his stick and placed himself in a position of defence, and as he did so the appearance vanished as suddenly as it had come into view, without noise and leaving no trace behind. Our friend proceeded on his way wondering; but after going a few yarde, being strong of body and stout of heart, and porhaps thinling withll Byron that \--acres and body on tho wholo Aro odds againsl ouo dlaensbdlod soul, he went back determined to investigate the mystery. On roeaching the spot, the flash of the light from the outer lighthouse gave the explanation by moment arily throwing his shadow in the contrary direction to that caused by the moon's rays, Thus it was his own shadow that had so astoniehod him. , Had he been cowardly or credulous, he would probably have remained till this day under the impression that he had seoon a ghost, A use has at least boon found for Mr, Meolvillo- namely, the suppression or at least the repression of Mr. Mo Elhono, By what fortunate inspiration it was that the premier happened to include Mr. Molvillo amongst the four selected for the temporary chairmanship of committees I do not know; but Mr. MeNolvillo seems to have beeoon o succoslul, that if he should be called on to not again and is equally prompt and firm, it is quite on the eards that he may nsuccoed to the chair should a vacancy occur. We certainly want a firm, vigorous, and alert man; nnd this Mr. Molvillo will doubtlecss provo. No os differs from him in many respects more than the writer of this; but justice mustal be dlone him not, withlstanding. It must hIave boon rich in the ex trome to hlave heard Jack protesting that the chairman had carrsed his little joke far enough nand to have nouted his dismay at being anosured that it was no joke at all. The Mo Elbon o. Melvillo episode recoalls :th story of bthe criminal who being found guilty of a capital felony was naked In due courso if he had anythlig to say why eoptonce of death should not be passed according to law, to which he roplied, "It, seeoomse to me, my Lord, that you have carried tho joke far eonough, and if it please yourLordsehip wo'll drop the subject." - -- - r -T r - r 