3£ew. South Wales. Stdxet, August 13. The members of the Federated Seamen's Union, who went to San Francisco in the Alameda te replace the Chinese on board that vessel have not been engaged by the company and—ate returning as passengers, the Chinese still being engaged on board. A fortnight's notice has been given by the Newcastle miners of a general strike, and both sides seem determined to maintain their position. Over 50,000 men will be involved in the strike. The Seamen's Union at Sydney has decided to accord the faileat support of the Newcastle miners. Holloway's Pills.— The chief Wonder of modern times.—This incomparable medicine increases the appetite, strengthens the stomach, cleanses the liver, corrects billious ness, prevents flatulency purifies the system invigorates the nerves, and re-instates sound health. The enormous demand for these Pills throughout the globe astonishes every body, and a single trial convinces the most sceptical that no medicine equals Holloway's in its ability to Remove all complaints incidental to the human race. They are a blesaiDg to the afflicted,- and a boon to all that labour under internal or external disease The purification of tbeOblood, removal to, restraint .from the secretive organs, and gentle aperiative action are the prolific "' sources of the extensive ^curative range of < Holloway's Pills. - i The Union Mortgage and Agency Com pany of Australia, limited, .report having sold by auction on Saturday, 11th instant, the following stud rams from Tasmania^ namely, account W. H. Gibson. Esq;, Fair- ; field, 4 at an average,, of 12& guineas; account J. B. Gibson Esq., Pleasant Bank, 3 at 7&guineas; account P. W. Archer Esq. ; Panshangar. 4 at 7£ guineas ; account Thomas Gatenby. of Wood bourne, at 15 ! guineas, the purchasers, being Messrs. j Higginson, Macaush, Malcolm, Swan, Bracker, and Daisy. Owing: to the poor attendance of buyers we deemed it advis able to withdraw the balance of the catalogue which will .be offered without reserve on Wednesday morning, 15th instfint, .com mencing at 10 o'clock sharp. Reports in connection "with the rabbit pest (says the Pastoral Times) show that the vermin are on the increase in the northern portions of the Deniliquin district. In the first six months of last year only <047 were * accounted^ for,- while in the corresponding portion of* this year there were 17,1220 in the six months. The increase in the number billed bas 'brooght about a corresponding decrease in the price paid per scalp. Last year it was half a-crown a bead in the Northern parts of the district, and this year it iBr ,only eightpence. Cynicg argue that the* work of the rabbiter is regulated by the price paid for. the scalps^ and the results here indicate some trutVin the contention. For example: last year while the price was so high only a little over six thousand rabbits were killed, and it takes about three "times the number at the price this yearjto return last year's wages. The returns chow that this was about the total operated upon, and it probably follows that the less given per scalp the more will the-rabbits fte billed. It is noticed that nearly all: the rabbits killed are full crown, and that iince the relaxation of the Babbit /Apt provisions no^^pt^Ua ^^D^niliguin district the rabbits ajp£ os. Sputh of Deniliquia lli^ue number. ? Last : year over-two millio^a-jof rabbits were killed in the colony; and Wis noticeable that there/bas^iieeo. Jiolifctle interest taken 1>y the, Jj^Yfawinent ' in 1*te destruction of jthe pest -they ,arp working into the Deniliquin f^lch. was comparatively clean op-to theprcaciit, from the Murrambidgee and Balranald directions and that if some decisive steps arp not takeufor their eradication^ this^jftiSofc will, be as infested as the average. , ... ^ yi«r£EDAr^4bi head mixed cattle, the .projjETrty df .Tbomas Ferry, Esq., parsed Roma on the way to Ballaroo station i 'Mt. 0eorge Feny in; charge. These catne ai& from ^alm Tree Greek, Dawson district, anil . W'U go by wayjof Rockybank. It is^Jc^. peeked that Ballarou will be reached in five or si* days. The secretary of the hospital desires to acknowledge the receipt of a parcel of news papers and periodicals from Mrs. Harrington 7 for the use of the patients. The area of land pnt under wheat in Queensland in 1887 was 10,563 acres, 7679 acres of which was reaped for grain, giving »n average return of 17 bushels 151b. per acre, the highest average for the past ten years. We regret to announce that Mr. Shand, C.P.S., is to be transferred to Roma. The inhabitants of St. George will be sorry to lose him, bnt as the transfer is intended as a promotion, we have, at least, one reason to rejoice:—St, George Standard. An aboriginal Paroo Jack was brought up at the St. George Police Gourfcim Thttre day last on a charge of murdering his gin. Prisoner was remanded. v i is reference to the., recent^jntr^B^tj Woollongabba reported in; our telegrapip coJumnB in a late issue welearh from.tbe Courier that a man named Henry Payne has been arrested on suspicion, and charged at the JPoliee Court with complicity in the affair. It appears from the evidence that, the woman," Annie Isaacs, was very drank at the time the alleged outrage took: place. Previous to theontrage she had to be lifted into a tramcar by a policeman, and on getting to the end of her journey it required the assistance of two men "to get her safely out of the tar. ' i j Ok Monday slight showers fell at Roma ! and ,in the surrounding districts. The i heaviest fall here was experienced about 7 I p.m. "when a thunderstorm broke over the town. The local meteorologist reports a fall of 11 points. We learn from private sources that at DilmaHy 18 points were recorded, and at Merino Downs 25 points. To-day (Tuesday) the weather appears to have cleared up somewhat, but there is still a feeling iu t{ie air, as if the much required rain' will soon come. ,; We hope; to-, be • able to record a fall of several inches before our next issne, for nothing short of that quantity would be of much advantage to the country in its present dry state. The Rinkomania is about to extend to Roma. So much has been heard and .written of linking -during the past few months, that the opening Dight here August 20th. will be enre to attract a large crowd to participate In the latest craze for affording amusement to the public. Risking is a healthy pastime-and for those people whose duties compel them to lead . sedentary lives the , present opportunity of exercising themselves on roller skates should* not ,be neglected. We learn the proprietor has 'secured the Oddfellow's Hall for a .fortnight from Monday next, for skating purposes. Bra first wool of the seasoo wasre^yed by Mr. J, Carter on Monday to be forwarded to the New Zealand Laud Mortgage Agency Company at Brisbane. It .consisted of 20 bales, and was shorn at Dalmally. We are informed that the -clip is a good one and promises to turn out quite up to the aver age. . Yesterday was quite a red letter day in the annals of the Salvation Army, when the ''foundation stone," which consisted of a wooden block was laid by Mrs. Major Wright in the presence of fully 200 persons. The Army inarched in full force, proceeded by their much improved band to the building site, when a half circle was formed in front of the partially erected building. , Major Wright from the door step commenced the proceedings by giving out a hymn which was sung in a manner thoroughly charac teristic of the Salvation Army., The Captain and Lieutenant offered op '"prayers "after which the army lustily shoated " Roll the old Chariot along.The Major read a por. tion of' the 84th Psalm after which: he humorously addressed a few words to those gathered together. Testimonies were given by several persons, who "praised the Lord the Salvation Army had come this way," as It was the means of their salvation and present happiness. The Major then explained''the'reason of their meeting there and related some anecdotes regarding the work of the army during its three year's ' existence in Queensland. He mentioned | that the building they were then laying the | block of was the -sixth freehold with a I building the organisation had secured since their advent ,to Queensland, and that in three other cases they bad the land and only waited for plans, Acto commence bnildinp. He stated the present building would cost £320, of which they had over £100 collected, leaving a balance of £200 to be yet secured. A collection towai-ds reducing that amonnt was then taken up, Mrs. Wright singing a solo while that interesting performance was in the course of operation. We did not learn how .much-was co'lected," but it ap peared to be somethingover- £3 and under £10. This being* accomplished, Mrs. Wright was invited to screw np the founda tion block, which had the following inscrip tion on it:—"This block was laid by the' glory of God by Mrs. Major Wright on Tuesday, "Au"gusif*14, 1888. T. Howard,, Commissioner; E. Wright, Major," She read the . inscription and addressed a few words, after wbich she proclaimed the block well and truly laid in the name, of the Father Son, and Holy Ghost/ and onbShalf of tblir" truly beloved leader General Booth, and, Commissioner Howard, the Commander-in- j Chief for the colonies. Prayer followed, ! "All hail the poyer" was sung, and the proceeding* terminated. ^ miners were crossing a field near Nl^|^poii, where an infuriated bull was kept. Tbe*nitnalr»E*fter -them^ j&nd; theytofckTejrugeopatree^ GeoSy^tMj theliranch of the tree.and Jack"' felun| ^o* trunk. "The 'bull ijfepjl; butting up against the tree causing JaoktQ slip down • each "time, and nearly shaking Gebrdie off the branch, who exclaimed to his mate—• " ®an th?® P>*y ony,' Jack!" " Noa, but, •w" can say grace." Geordie—"It's time thoo was started, then." Jack then closed his eyes pud shouted in a pitebus manner— . " May the Lord triyek " ustrooly thankful for what we are gan to receive." TmsNew Zealand tcian "and At^tihy- Co., repfirtthe Syduey wool market, qpiet, but gratifying rtifereuce is tnade to the fact of a metaurehaving th« United States Congress yetfto|jeapproved by (.iio Senafce, removing fcbe;daii«.'8 on r&m;: wool imported to America. Intnaraupiai skins a i;ugo catalogue was offered, and tiie following is a .list of the highest prices secured for each of the various brands catalogue*), viz, 3 at 10S<', 8 at 90d, 19 at J02<!. 8 at 95d, 12 at ll4d. 6 at 75d, 7 at 15UJ, 13 at 1004, 10 at 120d. 11 at 9Ud, Jtf7d, 11 at 1021, 7 at 120d, 16 at 97(1, 17 at 84rl, 7 at 12tH, 1 at 90d, 13 at 102<1, 3 at 96«1, each.; On behalf of the " H«|»eful" martyrs, I have to thank the Brisbane Courier and its; bantling, the Observer, for their indecent articles on the unfortunate position of these poor. men. The result has been that n umberfcofl^wpl^ W thtsrfco ^juiMcent inthe agitation -now '-puluatingjthe community in favor - of a remission the "Hopeful sentence, have been riaowpd bjr 'tbe^ola^y of repulsion,.. to lendutheiriindividual-Jio fluence tuwards bringing about ia; farther consideration, of the" cases."' If iprobf were needed of the very n Strongeeliug that is entertained by tUepublic on this^uwtiou, itw supplied by thfe fact that iuver lO.'OOD singatures have, during the past week/beeU appended to petitions praying forlhe relea8&' ■%t the Hopeful" victims. Ad additional: significance is attached to the result by.the; factlbat, in set a single inetance, has a paid' canvasser been employed to toutfor signa tures. All persons wbo have signed the petitions have doue so as volunteers, without having' bjjen specially urged to the act.— Figaro. . A case whichtxcitedgreat interest (says %he. QliarleviUe Times) was heard at Cunna xnulla last: Saturday. M r. Lockett for the defence, and ' Mrl J^ R.Cowan for com plaintact,■' Thepar ticularaareas jEpUpwsj Mr. V. T." Keaterton had been staying for some timewith Robert Heus'tin publican, as a. boarder and a lodger, and was indebted to Henston in the sum of £84 14s. On Sunday morning' Kesterton was preparing to leave the town to attend the Supreme Court in Roma. Reuston demanded hiB account, and Kesterton refused payment, ag Henston was indebted to him. ■ Kestertob left thf premised, Hneston refusing to allow him to remove any of bis goods, And locked up his office and bedroom. Seiteiton then laid an information ';underj72 aectioo pf the Licensing Act isgainst Henston for receiving in pledge thegoods sodetaioed, instead of coins, notes etc. 'The' de fence was ; that Heustou did not receive the goods, bnt took them, and that the section implied mutuality. The bench tiued the defendent £5 and 3s 6d costs. The defendent appealed, and the case will corne on for bearing at the next district Court to be held at Cnnnanmlia on the 17th of. September next. ■ We (CftarfeciMe understand that on Saturday last, the 41$ instant, a fire occurred at Biddenbam Station that bnrnt a 8tack; of good bnshhay, and the shed it was -built under. The shed, fortunately to the owners was insured, bnt not the hay, ,which i, estimated at 40 tons. Mr. Peddle was away from home, bnt Mrs; Peddle showed presence of mind, and bad wet blankets laid orer -the end of ' the weather-boarded gable end of the wool-shed, which was ■; only- 30 'feet away, these being kept wet by means 'of ia small garden force pdtap, and saved the wool-ehed. ; The; loss pf'40 tons of good hay at the present' time is" a serious one. The fire is supposed to'have been caused by a match trodden on by -oneofthe met working near, as it *nas clearly'seen the fire originated about 3 feet away from. the corner of the stack apd ran through drj grass to it. ' 1 - ' Brisbane Telegraph's Ipswich corres pondent, writing on Saturday morning says: A narrow escape from a terrible Acci dent occured yesterday afternoon. As. the half-past 4 o'clock train from; Dngaodan tt Ipswich was passing over Peak Crossing Bridge, Emily Johnson, aged 9 years, 'and her little cousin Nellie Bridal, aged 3, were on the bridge. The approaching train coming, but had no time to torn and get of! the structure, so she pat her arm ronnc little Nellie, told her. to jump . and leaped with her into the gully beneath, a distance of about 15 feet. The; golly was dry,and the children' fell upon the stones, bnt wonderful to say, Emily Johnson is appar ently unhurt beyond a severe shaking, whilst the younger child had injured het arm.* The little sufferer was immediately conveyed to Ipswich, and Dr. Neill found that Nellie Bridalhad sustaineda dislocation to her right elbow joint, which he reduced, no other trouble supervening from the shock. The doctor therefore *v does" not anticipate any serifriB consequences to the little ODe. The pluck and presence of mind displayed by little . Emily Johnson, nnder such trying circumstances, are certainly deserving of public recognition. For a "child of her tender years, it was an act of bravery which will elicit nniversal admir ation. On Thursday night (says the Melbourne Argus) an American named Frank Tarbon was arrested by Detective-sergeant Ward on a charge of conspiracy to defraud Mr Herman Koekoek, who recently carae to the colony with a collection of pictures, of the sum of money amounting to £482 10a. - It ja alleged that in May lastaman ofgeotle manly demeanour, who calls himself Major Clark, and who has been living since his arrival in the colony at the. Grand Hotel Coffee- palace in Spring-street, made the acquaintance of a Mr. Koekoek, and after a short time, introduced him to Tarbon, who has been staying at the Oriental Hotel, representing Tarbon as a wealthy Mexican, who bad come .here for the Exhitition. Cards were proposed and introduced, and Mr. Koekoek'l^st heavily. ; On a«nbseqneht occasion he played again, but was always unfortunate.,: Certain information reac bed him, and relying npon . it he took , oat warrants for the arrest of Tarbon and Clark the losses specifically set nut on the warranto being £160 on the 17th May, and £3321Q». on the 29th of the same month. Detective Ward was entrusted with the execution nf these1 warrants, and last w^t he1 proceeded topnt them into effect. ; Tarbon drove ud to the Oriental Hotel in* viety Stylish bnsXf The detectives followed' himtothe sUbW in Carlton where he ke^J^ ^^-ont god there he was arrested;" Immediately after he was blaced in the citywatchhonse he mk reteasedon haU of £1000by Dr. O-Sutli.an. • ■ ^ ,ebe^!ve# then endeavored to a^ne ^k. ^ted the Grand Oaffee Palace andfound hia bedroom door I Si/n4-?i^r °f ^ P,aced ooteide ^ occupant of the room had j retired^ Eotranoe was effected, but the room w;aa 'fonnd empty, and up to a late i V00r wer« unable to find any ^irace of >the man. It is stated that on the i diSerent occasions when the three played ***, won from Mr, Tarbon returned him! «*-• i 