Sir Wiliiam. Haroourt at Coventry Sir William 'Hnfoourfc., visited Covoii- 'try on tlio (5th inat., arid; in acknow ledgement of an luldvess "presented to him by the Liberal Association, ho said tho policy of Coercion hi, Ireland was ovory day becoming more revolting 10 tho judgment and conscience of tho country. Ho subsciiuently uddrcuHc'd a meeting in Stotieleigh Park. tIIe said some progrcMH1- -had. boon . made by tho Local GoVorninWt Bill in tfie direction of. giving, .Hoiim , Rule to the counties, and,' at. last they had established the principlo that it should be the popular voice ,and, not merely, a nominative mnorist.riiev that should ! (lisuoHO of ' county gpyefhinent. They had accepted ; th o principle of popular election. It was not of the machinery of the-Bill he complained, it was of wMbthis popularly elected government would not have to do that ho complained. Tho fact was that Tories and Liberal II nionistshad brought fotward a' Very fiiie child/ 'but they had wrapped it up so tight in swaddling clotte that they had h tun ted' its growth and1 destroyed tlio activity'bf its limbs. This Local Government Bill, was a-jgood machine, but tlicn it had nothing to do. But they might depend upon it they were .hoti going -to hiivcf ni great machine like this,1 elected" byvt!ie!popular vo'to of this country, that' was. to do, nothing. One of '. these ..day's it, '.would,, do great things for tho people, of this country, but that 'would riot -be uuder the auspices of the party now in power. It would bo when a Liberal Government turned the country councils into a real machine, with pbwer to do. real work -for the people who .had 'elected, them. /There was one quosjdpd''iwhicW,.hi9vdyr -'much the-iGflverilmenf desired to' keep it in the shade, still stood in the fore ground. ' That was the1 Irislr question, .whicii occupied/and ongrcmijed $19 public mind., It wabtbb'slyeictbn.intb'ej.ploset of the Government!, jt was qver, present with them to ' rebuke .them-"for their crime, and they' 'would! ' never:,' ljiy that ghost until ; they " did it '.by the', .potent and sacred spell of ' justice.' Mr. Bal- four.may..sneor.,aiid...jeor..atJiis..victimB — especially, when they were u nder dock and key— but tho' gliost of Mr. John Dillon, like the ghost of Banquo, over stood behind his chair. (jChoora.) Mr. Parnell and his frionds had asked for a fair field to meet the charges brought against them, but the Government did not want to. inquire into anything but tho charges against the Irish members In promising the Irish1 members fair play they had set a trap .by/offering a ro ving commission .in, which they hoped to entangle their political opponents in a neb of side issues. r The'' object of all this was to niake'people' believe' that the Irish people and their.'lqadbrs. could not bo trusted, and' to; discredit the Liberal party aud its leaders by trying to show that they wore the "associates of crimi nals and the patrons of eriineK.'.ut there was nothing that was kriowri 'how that was not known in 1885, with tho ex ception of tho forged letters. Yet they then found Mr. Chamberlain negotia ting for a now form of Government in Ireland with Mr. Parnell, wHomhe did not then: believe to he" :au assassin or an associate of assassins. Why did that negotiation break off ? ; '.-Because, good as was the offer of Mr/ Chamber lain, Mr. Parnell had a better offer from the Earl of Carnarvon on the part of the Conservative party. Yet Mr. Par nell and his followers were the very samehnen .whom the Conservatives now told .them, were a party, of criminals with whom no man should ,keep com pany. They, woro. there, that day to testify their confidence in other prin ciples of a nobler faith, and the day would assuredly coma when tliq Govern ment of Ireland would be" /established upon tho bnlyj ' foundation . iyhich gavo promise of stability ' and peace — tho foundations of mercv, of, justice, and of truth. (Cheers.)— -jjonie News. Er.oi'enrbnt and Capture.— Miss Lucy Rostron, a prepossessing young lady, tho danglitor of a Liverpool merchant who haB a rosidonce at Stockport, eloped on the 26th ult., witli: her groom; a marriod man named ABton, who : has five : children. . , 'The couple embarked on the Cunard steamer Bothnia, for Boston, as man anil wife,. The .father of the young lady, having 'traced ' the" fugitives to the steamer,. telegraphed to' the police at Queoh'stown, with the result, tliat on the arrival of the Bothnia at 'that port several constables went oh board, took charge of tho lady, dospito tho vigorous protests of the groom, and took her away to' an . hotel. The groom made several attempts to communicate with her, but without success. On the 28th ult. the father and his son arrived at Qncens- town. Tho meeting wasof atouching character, the young woman fainting at tho appearance of her. father.1' On,.boingi revived she ex- i pressed sorrow for what she had done, and willingly returned to her homo. She is said to bo ontitlod to .,-£80,000 on attaining her majority. The cr iple had £200 when they left Liverpool. j.aton lias since left Queens- town in the Servin for Now York. Previous to his departure ho recoivod the sum of .8100 through a private channel from Stockport. Several detectives watched his departure.— Home Ncu)3. Pekserveranoe and Pluok. — Tho ((iiiet pluck and dogged porsoveraneo which form distinguishing characteristics of tlio Anglo- Saxon race aro well demonstrated by tho un wearied efforts of 0110 of our countrymen to A open up a sea route to tho groat Siberian rivers. In setting himself this task, Captain "Wiggins is but worthily following in the stops of tho hardy English sailor who in the days of Queen Bess first started commercial intercourse between Russia and England. Captain Wiggins has remained faithful to his enterprise for many years, and has at last succeeded in his project of making tho North-East passage at a time when, as a rule, the coast of Siberia is froe from ice. Ho and his partner, Mr. Henry Sullivan, of Newcastle, aro convinced that tho es tablishment of a trado between this country and Siboria will prove highly remu nerative. Tho country, is intorsectod by some of tho noblest- waterways in tho world ; it abounds in mineral wealth ; while fossil ivory, wool, tallow, and meat from tho grassy prairies, and flsli everywhere, only wait for carriage by tho ronto opened out by Captain Wiggins. Siboria, according to tho authority of M. do Lessops, is richer in pro ducts than any other country in tho .world. She must, however, consutuo lior own wealth or leave it undeveloped under existing con ditions, for it is impossible to convey it at a profit ovor the long land journey to tlio ' European markets. Tho ropto proposed by Captain Wiggins will alter this, rind ovcry- ono will hopo that tho' stout:hearted Northumbrians will gain not only- funic but fortnbo in tho commercial vonturo they have been tho means of initiating. 