THE FASHIONS. A season of silk and laco is predicted, and itisbeliovo that silk nud satin muiro nnd crepo will supersede velvet nnd thu heavier fabrics which have been used for dinner and ball dresses. Satin brocatellc is a satin with a heavy raised figure, liko tho hrocatellu used in hamlsoinu upholstery, and thu patterns are liko tapestry. Ono of the handsnmest English actresses wore recently nt a mimic ball scene a dark blue velvet gown, elaborating a striking picture when she makes her entrance in thu second act of tho piny. Her bait toilet m tho last act is another gorgeous gown with' long court train of yellow satin, with raised ruby velvet rose ovsr a petticoat or short skirt, literally covered with ropes ami embroidered designs of jiearls. The first thing one notices in the prevailing fashiuus is that tho trimming of hats and bonnets has begun to travel rupidiy from trie front to tho back. Most of the new lints are turned up at tho back, or at the side well away from tbo fiont, and are trimmed accordingly, with bows and quills. Bonnets havo tho trimmingsot back on tlio crown, and, iu apitu of prophecies to tho contrary, nro no lower than thoy wore last season. Amumber of short jetted wraps tind iu nt thu waist nnd ending in long (joint in front arc worn : ubiquitous covert coat holds it over, though, justly spcakinc, it must bo owucd that it is not Suito so prevalent as it was a year ago. lusters of flowers nnd running patterns in heavy CJuny laco shows very well on do- licatciy tinted ground of (lorcelain blue, Dubarry rose color, or neutral drab of gray. Heavy materials are used for petticoats, whilo a plain satin, tho color of the ground, all form the square cut bodico and thu full bouffant draperie, which, it is said, will be profusely trimmed with lace. Heavy figured moires, striped velvet in quaint, irregular patterns, and a moira back ground are used, and moires striped in a lucdloy ot delicatu flower-liku. colors, and ciruwii with thu clusters, garlands nnd bouquets of flowers. Such Bilks Pompadour loved to wear and Wnttouu to paint. There aro exquisite palo pink Batms strewn with clusters of Uarechal Kiel buds, and dotted with single flowers in dark velvet. Metallic effect will also be shown again in the coming Society is tint ail joy to a ffe&utaate; at - the present time. The married belles carry off thu honors. That is why tho young girls go abroad and stay till they aro old enough to win some attention nt homo. There is nut one of them who stands a ghost of a chance against the perfectly-dressed, well-poised bride cf two or threo winters. There might as well bo no balls or parties for that matter, ro far as the younger ladies nro concerned ; nnd as for the pnvato entertainments, it is much tho same thing to them. The "buds" tiko what partner are left when the young married women havo had thuir choice. Girl are not the fashion now-a- days. The married belles dance as well, dress with bettor tnBto, and talk much bettor ; and it does uot comprotuiso tho well- dressed young man from tho bachelor apart ment. which he is in no haste to desert tor a benedict' quarters, to danco attendance upon thorn. Tnko it nil in all, now w tho married belles' reign. Tho popuhr unmarried women who can hold their own in the ball room are of more than ono Benson's standing. The dcbutanlcs are eagerly heralded. Society i anxious to Bee them; families clamour for thu privilege of chaperon ing them; but, after nil, they are likely to enjoy their second nnd third lesson better, and get more desirable partner than in tlio first, lipru a few line upon flirtation are uot inap plicable. " I can assert that every woman is at heart a flirt." Man is also a flirt, though ho may not ho freely excrciso his flirting pro pensities ; nor does thu tendency to flirtation appear so early in tho Hterner sex a it does in his youthful sisters. On tho whole I think that men have tho beat of it, foruh»nntnan it. iu lovo with a girl ic rests with him to ask the girl to render turn happy fur life, and, naturally, if in earnest, he will do so. But notsn with nnu of tho fair sex. All she can tin i to live (ur die) iu ho(>es of her lover de claring hiniselr. Leap year is supposed to bo a year for maidens, but ono rarely hears of a girl (mpping tho question. Propriety (Mrs Grundy) would nut allow of any onu com mitting such a folly in these enlightened times. A man flirc is always heartless. Ho falls in love and proposes to a girl, who is silly enough to listen to turn ; it is often the case of thu biter hit. Therefore let those to whom this is applicable know that even a worm will turn at lost, and that he may soino day bo paid back in his own coin and be mado to suffer. 