THE EAT AX. THREE ; A NOVEL, By M. E. BBADDON. Author of Lad; Audley'a Secret," " Vixen, " Isbmael," " Like aud Uniike," <Sc ,<6c. BOOK THE THIRD. BOOK III.—ATROPOS-OR THAT WHICH MUST BE. CHAPTER IV. (Continued). It was night when she reached Brighton, and Franz was on the platform waiting tor her; and the irreproachable brougham was drawn up close by, the brown horse snorting and with eyes of fire, not brooking the vicinity of the engine, though too grand a creature to be afraid of it. She fonnd Mrs. Fausset in low spirits. " I have missed you terribly," she said. I am a poor oreature. I used to thick myself independent of sympathy or companionship, but that is all over now. When I am alone for two days at a stretch I feel like a child In the dark." "Son have lived too long in thislhonse. Aunt, I think," Mildred answered gently. ** Forgive me if I say that it i« a dull bonse." "A dull bouse? Nonsense. Mildred!—it is ore of the best houses in Brighton." " Yes. yes, Aunt; bat it is dull all the same. The sun does not shine into it; the colouring of the furniture is grey and cold''—— "I bate gaudy colours." *' Yes; bnt there are beautiful colours that ve sot gaudy, beautiful things that warm and gladden one. The next room"—glancing back at the frcmt drawing-room and its single lamp^-" is full of ghosts. Those long white curtain*, those feint grey walls, are enough to kill you." " I am not so fanciful as that." " Ah; but yon are fanciful, perhaps, without knowing it, The inflnence of this dnll, grey house may have crept into your veins and depressed yon unawares. Will you go to the Italian Lakes with me nest September, Aunt?—or, better, will yon so to the West of Erfeland with me next week—to the north eoaet of Cornwall, which will be lovely at this season ? I am sure yon want change; thu monstrous life is killing you V "Ko, no, Mildred. There is nothing amiss with my life. It suits me well enough, and I am able to do good." "Your lieutenants conld carry on all that while you were away." " No; I like to be here—I like to organize, to arrange. I can feel that my life is not useless—that my talent is placed at interest." " It conld all go on, Aunt; it could indeed. The change to new scenes would revive you." " No; I am satisfied where I am. 1 am among people whom i like and who like and reepect me." She dwelt upon the last'words with uuction, as if there were tangible comfort in them. Mildred sighed and was silent. She had felt it her duty to try and rouse her aunt from th.a dull apathy into which Bhe seemed gradually sinking, and she thought that the only chance of revival was to remove her from the monotony of her present existence. Later on in the evening the fixe had been lighted In the inner drawing-room, Miss Fanraet feeling chilly in spite of the approach of summer, and aunt and niece drew near the hearth for cheerfulness and comfort. The low reading-lamp spread its light only over Miss Fausset's book-table and the circle in which it stood. The faces of both women •were in shadow, and the lofty room with its walls of books was full of shadows. " Yon talk so despondently of life sometimes, Aunt, as if it bad all been disappointment," said Mildred after a long silence, in which they bad both sat watching the fire, each absorbed by her own thoughts, "yet our gOrhood must have been bright. Save heard my dear father say how indulgent his father was—how he gave way to his I children in everything." " Yes, he was very indulgent—too indnlgent, perhaps. I had my own way in everything, only one's own way does not always lead to "happiness. Mine did not. I might have been a happier woman if my father had been ft tyrant." " You would have married, perhaps, in that case to escape an unhappy home. I wish you would tell me more about yoat girlish years. Aunt. You must have had many admirers when you were young, and amoagst them all there must have been some one for whom you cared just a little. Would it hurt you to talk to me ahout that old time f "Yes, Mildred. There are some women who can talk about such things—women who can prose for hours to their granddaughters or their nieces—simpering over the sillinesB of the past, boasting of conquests which nobody believes in, for it is very difficult to realize the fact that an old woman was ever young and lovely. I am sot of that temper, Mildred; the memory of my girlhood is hateful to me." "Ah, then there was some sad story—some unhappy attachment I was sure it was so." said Mildred in a low voice. " But tell me of that happier time before you went into society—the time when yon were in Italy with your governess studying at the Conservatoire at Milan. I thought of you so much when I was at Milan the other day." " I have nothing to tell about that time, I was * foreigner in a strange city, with an elderly WJOmanwho was said to take care of mi, and whose chief wcupatfMJ tWW ft fake care.of solicitors widow, whose health required that ;he should winter in the 1 South, and who contrived to xn»k$ my father pay handsomely for her benefit" 7 " And you were £9$ feapny »* Milanj" , , £fjPW*~-no. I got on with my musical ^"dkion ; that was all I cared for." "Bid you no friends—no introductions to nice people?" "No. My chaperon made my father believe that Bne knew all the best families in Milan; but her circle resolved itself into a few third-rate musical people who gave a shabby little evening party now and then. You bore me to death, Mildred, when you force me to talk of that time and of that woman vhom I hated," " Forgive me, Aunt; I will ask no more questions," said Mildred with a sigh. She had been trying to get nearer to her gunt, to familiarize herself with that dim past when this fading woman was young and full of hope. It seemed to her as if there was a dead wall between her and Miss Fausset—a barrier of reserve which should not exist between they who were so near in blood. She had made up her mind to stay with her aunt to the end, to do all that duty and affection could suggest, and it troubled her that they should still be strangers. After this severe repulse she conld make so further attempt. There wae evidently no softening influence in the memory of the past. Miss Fausset's character, as revealed by tint which she concealed rather than by that which she told, was net beautiful. Mildred could but thiok that' she had been a proud, cold- hearted young woman, valuing herself too highly to inspire love or sympathy in others, electing to be alone and unloved. After this time went by in a dull monotony, The same people came to see Miss Fausset day after day, aad she absorbed the same flatteries, accepted the same adulation, always with an air of deepest humility. She organized her charities; she listened to every detail about the circumstances and even the mental condition and spiritual views of her poor. Mildred disco vend before long that there was a leaven of hardness in her benevolence. She could not tolerate sin; she weighed every life in the same balance; she expected exceptional purity amidst foulest surroundings. She was liberal of her worldly goods, but ner mind was as narrow as if she had lived in a small village a hundred years ago. Mildred found herself continually pleading for wrongdoers. The only event or excitement which the bright June days brought with them was the arrival of Pamela Sansome, who was escorted to Brighton by Lidy Lochinvar herself, and who bad been engaged for three weeks to Malcolm Stuart with everybody's consent and approval. "Iwrote to Uncle George the very day I was engaged, Aunt, as well as to you; and he answered my letter in the sweetest way. and be Is going to give me a grand piano," (lid Pamela all in a breath. Lady Lochinvar explained that much as she detested London she had felt it her solemn' duty to establish herself there during her nephew's engagement in order she might become acquainted with Pamela's people and assist her dear boy in all hi.s arrangements for the future. When a young man marries a nice girl with an estate with fifteen hundred a year, allowing for the poor return made by land nowadays, everything ought to go upon velvet. Lady Lochinvar was prepared to make sacrifices, or in other words to contribute a handsome portion of that fortune which she had intended to bequeath to her nephew.. She could afford to be generous, having asnrplus far beyond her possible needs; and she was very fond of Malcolm Stuart, who had been to her as a son. " I was quite alone in the world whdn my husband died," she told Mildred. "My father and my own people were all gone, and I should have been a wretched creature without Malcolm. He was the only son of Lochinvar's favourite sister, who went off in a decline when he was eight years old, and he had been brought up at the Castle; so it Is natural, you see, that I should be fond of him and interested in his welfare." Pamela kissed her by way of commentary. " I think you are quite the dear<?et thing in th«» world,'' she said, "except Aunt Mildiix'." It may be seen from this remark that the elder and younger ladies were now on very easy terms. Mildred had stayed in Paris with Lady Lochinvar, and a considerable part of her trosseau, the outward and viable >art, had all been chosen in the ateliers of Jashionable Parisian dressmakers and milliners, The more humdrum portion of the bride's raiment waa to be obtained at Brighton, where Pamela was to spend a week or two with her aunt before she went to London to stay with the Monntford's, who had taken a house in Grosvenor Gardens, from which Pamela was to be married. "And where do yon think we are to be married, aunt," exclaimed Pamela excitedly, j "At St. George's?" I " Nothing so humdrum. We are going to fee married in the Abbey—in Westminster Abbey—the burial-place of heroes and poets. I happened to say one day when Malcolm and I were almost strangers — it was at Bumpelmeycr's, sitting outside in the sun eating ices—that I had never seen a wedding in the Abbey, and that I should love to see one; and Malcolm said we must try and manage it some day — meaning anybody's wedding, of course—though he pretends now that he alwajs meant to marry me there himBelf," "Presumptuous in him," said Mildred, smiling, " Oh, young men are horribly presumptuous. They know they are in a minority —there is so little competition—and a plain young man, too, like Malcolm 2 But I suppose he knows he is nice," added Pamela conclusively. " Don't you think it will be lovely for me to be married in the Abbey?" she asked presently. "1 think,-dear, iu your case I would rather have been married from my own house and in a village church." " What .'—in that poky little church at Mapledown ? I believe it is one of the oldest in England, and it is certainly one of the ugliest. Sic Henry Mountford suggested making a family business of it, but Rosalind and I were both in favour of the Abbey. We shall get much better notices in the society papers," added Pamela, with a business- like air, as it she had been talking about the production of a new play. " Well, dear, as 1 hope you are only to be married once in your life you have a right to choose your church." Pamela was bitterly disappointed presently when her aunt refused to be present at her wedding. " I will spend an hour with you on your wedding morning and see you in your wedding-gown if you like, Pamela; but I cannot go among a crowd of gay people cr share in any festivity. I have done with all those things, dear, for erer and ever." Pamela's candid eyes filled with tears. She felt all the more sorry for her aunt because her own cup of happiness was overflowing. She looked round the silver-grey drawingroom, and her eyes fixed themselves on the piano which he had played so often, so often, in the tender twilight, in the shadosry evening when that larger room was left almost without any light save kbit which came through the nndraped archway yonder. But (jastellani was no longer a person to be thought of in italic3. From the moment Pamela's eyes had opened to the excellence of Mr. Stuart's manly and straightforward character they had also become aw*re of the Italian's deficiencies. She had realized the fact that he was a charlatan; and now she looked wonderingly at the piano, at & IOBS to understand the intensity of bygone emotions, and inclined to excuse herself upon the ground of youthful foolishness. " Wha; a silly, romantic wretch I must have been," she thought—"a regular Rosa Matilda—as if the happiness of life depended upon one's husband having an ear for music." Mildred was by no means unsympathetic about the trousseau, although she herself had done with all interest in fashion and finery. She drove about to the pretty Brighton shops with Pamela, and exerciBed a restraining influence upon that young lady's taste, which inclined to the florid. She sympathized with the young lady's anxiety about her weddinggown, which waa to be made by a certain Mr. Smithson, a faiseur who held potent sway over the ladies of f ishionible London, and who gave himself more airs than a Prime Ministe;. Mr. Smithson had consented to make Mies Ransome a wedding-gown, despite her social insignificance and the pressure of the season, provided that he were not worried about it. "If I have too many people calling upon me or am pestered with letters I shall throw the thing up," he told Lady Mountford one morning when she took him some fine old rose point for the petticoat. " Yes, this lace is pretty good; I suppose yon got it In Venice ? I have seen Miss Ransome, and I kaow what kind of gown she can wear. It will bs sent home the day before the wedding." With this assurance, haughtily given, Lady Mountford and her sitter had to be contented. " If I were your sister I would let a woman in Tottenham Court-road make my gowns ' rather than I would stand such treatment," ' raid Sir Henry, at which his wife shrugged : her shoulders and told him he knew nothing ' about it. | "The cut is everything," she said, "It is ' worth putting up with Smithson's insolence to know that one is the best-dressed woman in the xoom." l "Bat if Smithson dresses all the other women" j "He doesn't. There are very few who ' have the courage to eo to him, lus manners ' firs go J>uailiattn£-)w M goo4 as tQl4 ^ T had a hump 1 .—anu nis prices are enormous," ' "And yet you called me extravagant for giving seventy pounds for a barb," cried Sir Henry—" a bird that might bring me a pot of money in prizes!" ; The gr&ncL; question of trousseau and wedding-gown being settled, there remained only a point of minor importance—the honeymoon. Pamela was in favour of that silly season being spent in some rustic spot far from the madding crowd, and Pamela's loeer was of her opinion in everything. "We have both seen the best part of the Continent," said Pamela, taking tea iu Mildreds upstairs sitting - room, which had assumed a brighter and more home- like aspect in her occupation than any other room in MisB FauBset's house. " We don't want to ruth off to Switzerland or the Pyrenees; we want just to enjoy each other's society and to make our plans for the future. Besides, travelling is so hideously unbecoming, I have seen brides with fusty hats and smuts on their faces who would have been miserable If they had only known how they were looking." " I think you and Mr, Stuart are very wise in your choice, dear," answered Mildied. " England in July is delicious. Have you decided where to go?" " No, we can't make np our minds. We want to find a place that is exquisitely pretty, yet not too far irom London, so that we may ran up to town occasionally and see about our furnishing. Sir Henrv offered us Rainham, but as it is both ugly and inconvenient 1 unhesitatingly refused. I don't wane to spend my honeymoon in a placcpervaded by prize pigeons." " What do yoty think of the neighbourhood of the Thames, Pamela?" asked Mildred, thoughtfully. " Are you fond of boating V "Fond?—I adore it! 1 could live all my life upon the river." "Really! I have been thinking that if you and Mr. Stuart would like to spend your honeymoon at the Hook it is just the kind of place to suit you. The hou3e is bright and pretty, and the gardens are exquisite." Pamela's face kindled witb pleasure. " But, dear aunt, you would never think" ehe began. _" Hie house is at your service, n*r dear girL It will be a pleasure for me to prepare everything for you. I cannot tell you how dearly I love that house or how full of memories it is for me. The lease of my father's house in Parliament-street waa sold after bis death, and 1 only kept a few special things out of the furniture ; but at the Hook nothing has been altered since I was a child." Pamela accepted the offer with rapture, and wrote an eight page letter to her lover upon the subject, although he was coming to Brighton next day and was to dine in Lswescresceut. Mildred was pleased at being able to give so much pleasure to her husband's nieCe. It may be, also, that she snatched at an excuse for revisiting a spot she fondly loved. She offered to take Pamela with her to explore the house and gardens and discuss any small arrangements for her own comfort, bnt against this Miss Ransome protested. " I want everything to be new to us," she said—"all untrodden ground—a delicious surprise. 1 am sure the place is lovely, and I want to know no more about it than I know of fairyland. I haven't the faintest notion what a Hook can be.in connection with the Thames. It may be a mountain or a glacier for anything I know to the contrary, but I am assured it is delightful. Please let me know nothing more, dearest aunt, till 1 go there with Mateolm. It is adorable of you .to bit upon such a spiendid idea ; and it will look very well in the society papers," added Pamela, waxing business- like. "' Mr. and Mrs. Stuart' — oh, how queer that sounds) — 'are to ep 2nd their honeymoon at the Hook, the riverside residence of the bride's aunt.' 1 wonder whether they will say 'the well-known residence,' " mused Pamela Mildred went up to town with Miss Bin- Eomc and her betrothed at the end of the young lady's visit. Miss fausset had beeu coldly gracious, after her manner, hod allowed Mr. Stuart to come to the house whenever he pleased, and had given up the rarely used front drawing-room to the lovers, who eat and whispered and tittered Over their own little witticisms by the distant piano and behaved altogether like those proveibial children of whom we are told in our childhood, who are seen bnt not heard. Mil dred lunched iu Grosvenor Gardens, and went to Chertseybvan afternoon train. The housekeeper who nad once ruled over both Mr. Fausset's houses, subject to interference from Bell, was now caretaker at the Hook, with a housemaid under her. She was an elderly woman, but considerably Bell's junior, and ehe was an admirable cook and manager. A telegram two days before bad told her to ex pect her mistress, and the house was in per feet order when Mrs. Greswold arrived in the summer twilight. All things had been make to look as if the place were in family oconpation, although no one but the two servants had been living there since Mr. Fausset's death. The familiar look of the rooms smote Mildred with a sudden, unexpected pain. There were the old lamps burning on the tables, the well-remembered vases—her mother's choirs, and always artistic in form and colour—filled with the old June flowers from garden and hothouse. Her father's chair stood in its old place in the bay window in front of the table at which he used to write his letters sometimes, looking out at the river between while Mrs. Dawson had put a lamp in his study—a small room opening out of the drawing-room and with windows on two sides, and both looking towards the river which he had loved so well. The windows were open in the twilight, and the rose-garden was like a sea of bloom. His room—nothing was altered here. As it had baen in the last days he had lived here so it was now. " I haven't moved so much as a penholder, ma'am," said OawBon, tearfully. 