%\u g t o r g - ^ l U r * THE MAIL-DRIVER'S YARN. Once while travelling on Cobb & Co's coach in the Western District I got into a yarn with a driver whose name was Jim. As he was rather a dry, matter-of- fact sort of man I did not anticipate much from him when I said "Jim, did you ever eee a ghost?" To my Burprise his reply was— " Well, sir, I believe I did; anyway, I saw something that gave ire the greatest scare I ever got in my life. It happened when I was a boy, and that's a good while back now; but 1 often wish it hadn't happened, or else that I could forget all about it. If you care to bear the yarn I'll spin it; anyway it will help to while away the time as we crawl up the mountain ahead of us." He then told me the following story :— " I was born on the Hawkesbury. My father WBB a farmer, and we—my father, mother, and myBelf—lived on a small farm which without much assistance besides our own labour yielded us a fair livelihood. J ust below us, on the river, lived an old couple, who, having no children of their own, bad adopted a little girl about 10 years old. She was a nice, bright little child, and a great comfort to the old people, who soon got as fond of her as if she had been of their own fissb and blood. Living close together, and having no other playmates, Tilly (aB she was called) and I soon became great friends, and we spent most of our spare time together. She often came, when ehe could be spared, to stay with my mother {who was not very strong) when I and my father had occasion to be away in the hush. Her winning ways soon made my motber very fond of her. One day a miserable, evil-looking swagsman came , to the farm where Tilly's adopted parents lived and asked for work. The old farmer told him that he conld not afford to keep a man at regular work, but that he might stay a few days and rest if he liked, and if he would cat a bit of wood occasionally and do any odd job which might be required about the place he would be welcome to his keep. " The old lady did not like the look of the swagsman and said so ; but her husband replied that looks did not go for much, and that he did not like to send the man away when he seemed weakly and tired. Horton (that was the name the swagsman gave) Btaved on. Week after week passed by, and as he asked no wages and was pretty handy abont the place the old fanner got j I need to him, and he was treated as one of the family, dining at the same table and sleeping in an outhonse close to the main bui ding, " There was one peculiarity about the man which caused at first some remark, but afterwards, when they got used to his ways, ceased to excite any wonder. Horton rarely spoke unless compelled to anBwer a question. He would sit in the kitohen, which served aa a sitting-room for the family at night, and gaze steadily at the fire if there was one; if not he would lean his head on his handssnd seem quite nnconscious of all that might be going on around him. In the winter evenings Tilly wonld learn her lessons, while the farmer, his wife, and Horton would sit and doze by the fire after supper was over till bedtime, which was usually at half-past 9, when they would all retire for the xught. The cottage was a small one, consisting of only two rooms and a skillion. The two rooms were used one as a kitchen .and sitting-room, and the other aB the old couple's bedroom, which opened into the sitting-room. This was large, with a window looking out into a little patch of garden in front of the house. Tilly slept on a sort of box-bed or sofa in the sitting-room under the window jast mentioned, and next to the sidewall of her adopted parents' bedroom. Yoa will understand presently why I have given these particulars, Horton Blept in a shed at the back need as a washhouse in the cold weather. "In July my mother was taken very ill, and my father and I had to nurse her as best we could with th6 assistance of Tilly, who camB over aB often as she could be spared. In the days I am epeaking of—thirty or fort; years ago—doctors were scarce, ana, besides, we hadn't the means to employ one even if be had been available and within a reasonable distance, whioh he wasn't. Well, one night my father and I were sitting sadly over the fire, both of UB thinking, I expect,"abont my mother and afraid to hope almost that she wonld recover. I fancy we must have dozed away the time, for the fire got low, and we were afraid to go to bed for fear of disturbing my mother. At last my father aeked me the time. I looked at the clock, which bung on the wall over the bedrbom door, and told him the time. It was a quarter-past 2. He said he'd have a nap, as he waB nearly knocked np with sitting up night after night and being unable to get any rest in the daytime. He told me to keep awake, and rouse him if mother talked-or moved. I didn't feel in the least sleepy, and : was only too glad to be allowed to sit up and wait by the fire. There I sat for some time looking i " at i -i the , coals i-t while n . my _„ .. father . slept, when suddenly, like a flash, the back of the wide brush fireplace seemed to open, and £ saw the figure of Tilly as she was usually dressed glide through the fire and pais between my father's chair and mine as we sat * on each side of the hearth. She pasBed noiselee sly across the room, did not seem to notice us, end appeared to enter my mother's bedroom. It was no dream ; and at the time, though much astonished, I was not frightened, bnt gradually I began to think I had seen something not of this world. I stole over to my mother's bedroom. There was no Tilly there, and my mother was Bleeping quietly. I went back to the room where my father was and woke him, and I told him what I had seen; but he only emiled, and Baid I must have been dreaming of my little Bweet heart. He then said that I had better go and have a sleep, and that he would watch till morning. I went to my bed and lay down, and after a time fell asleep thinking over what I had seen and wondering what it conld mean. Early ij the morning I was roused by voices talking in rather an excited tone in tbe next room. I got up. I had not undreeeed. 1 went to see how my mother was ; I found her mnch better. My father called me out and told me that poor little Tilly had bren killed early that morning by the tramp Horton, who had been kept and fed by our neighbours. The cii-camstanees of the murder were these, which I heard poor Tilly's adopted father tell my father:—The night bafore the farmer and his wife and Horton had been Bitticg over the kitchen or sitting-room fire as usnaL After a time the fire got low. Tilly had eone to her bed in the corner of the room. It got chilly, and the old former remarked 'It's cold to-night; I'll go and get a bit more wood and make the house warm before we go to bed.' Horton looked at him strangely and said' No, farmer; no one Bhall leave this room to-night.' The old man observed his looks and said nothing, and exchanged a warning glance with his wife, and after a little while they both went qaieUy to their bedroom. Horton took no notice, but sat gazing at the fire. As soon as the farm fit got into his room he closed tbe door quietly, which was fastened inside with a strong wooden bar mortioed into the door-posts, making it secure unless the bar was broken, which it was; not an easy matter to do. The old man then watched through a crevioe in the door what Horton was doing. After a long time (the farmer said till half-past 1 by his watch, which was hanging on the wall beside the bed) Horton appeared to fall asleep. Then the farmer went to the side of the room next Tilly's cot—the cottage was built of rough slabs—and managed to attract hec attention, and whispered to her to put on her clotheB and shoes, to open the window (which fortunately opened like a shutter and was faetened with a wooden batton inside), and to slip cut quietly and run down to a neighbonrirg farm about a mile distant where assistance could be got and tell the men to come up as quickly as possible, ac Hortcn appeared very Btrange, and the farmer WaB afraid he would do some mischief unlees he was placed under restraint. She waB also to say that her father and mother were fastened in their bedroom and anxiouEly waiting for help. Tilly was a sensible, brave little girl, and had all her wits abont her. She opened the window aifter putting on her clothes, and slipped quietly out without attracting Hortou's attention. The farmer saw her run quickly across the clearing in the direction of the farm from which he expected assistance. Horton remained quiet by the fire for a short time. "Tbe moon was full, and streaming through the window, making the room as light as day; and the farmer saw him get up and look wildly around as if in search of some one oc something. He then, after standing for a moment, took up the poker which stood in the comer of tbe wide bush chimney, and stole softly over to the bedroom door, aud seemed to listen. The farmer and his poor terrified wife kept perfectly still; aud Horton then tried to prize the door open. But, fiading that he couid not manage this, he went back to the fire muttering to himself. The time seemed to pass very slowly; and each moment the poor old coaple, wondering and alarmed at the strange behaviour of their ledger, thought he would again try to force the bedroom door, and do them eome mortal injury. The bedroom had a small window or, rather, an opening looking into the garden, . and closed by a strong shutter common in buBh huts at the time I am telling about, and fastened inBide with a bolt. This, as soon as Hortcn had retired to the fire and seemed quiet, the farmer slipped back. He opened the shutter quietly to see whether there was any one coming with Tilly to their assistance. He saw Tilly coming running in tho direction of the house, followed at a little distance by the neighbours he had sent for. The fanner was afraid that Horton might reeort to some violence when he heard the footsteps outside, if the men had not sense enough to come up quietly; and he went to - the door to see what the madman was doing. To his astonishment, he was gone; and tbe back door was open. The farmer was alarmed, and hoped that Horton had wandered out withont any motive, aB he had not seemed to • notice Tilly's absence; and then, again, he thought that perhaps he was waiting outside the door, thinking, with mad cunning, that - the old man would come out of the room, and faBten tim out of the house. Amazed and troubled, the farmer thought that he had best stay where he was nntil help came ; and he . again went to the little window to watch the coming of Tilly and the neighbours, and to - try and warn them that Horton had left the room, and was somewhere outside. "Abont 200 yardsfromthebut was acluster of bnshes, young Baplings. Just as Tilly got - opposite them, and close to them, the farmer called out. But, to his horror, he saw Horton dart out from the scrab, and strike the poor child on the head with what appeared to be a stick, but which was the poker the madman had taken from tbe hut. Her bead wae - smashed, and she fell like a log, without a struggle, dead. Horton did not stop to see what he had done, but ran brandishing hie weapon toward the men, who were close behind the poor child when she felL One of them was armed with a stout stick, with which he warded off the blows. Horton made at him. The other tripped him up. and between them they managed, in spite of his . desperate struggles, to aeoure him; and he lay on the gronnd beside his little victim, hie. eyeB glaring, and his mouth foaming. The fanner, ae soon aB he saw Horton ran at Tilly, opened the door and ran out, his wifeafter him. Tney went as fast as they could, to where tbe girl was lying. She was, aB I have said, quite dead. "My father, as he told me afterward, thought of what I had said to him the night before about the figure of Tilly coming through tbe back of the fireplace when we were watching. And be asked the farmer at what time Tilly waB lii'led. . " He said, ' As neatly as I oan make it, it' was abont half- past 2 in the morning.' "The fanner and his wife were much distressed at the IOBB of their adopted child t- bnt at their age time merclfully'soon lightens the burden of sorrow. A little enclosure of white pab'sadinsronnd a small grave, with it» white wooden cross at the head, marked the iot where the mnrdered child was buried, Sorton was handed over to the police, and not long afterwards died in a lunatic asylum, from which, it was atoertiiaei), he had «NiDed shortly before he oime to the Hawkeabnry, A year after Tilly's death the old turner and bia *>ie died; and probably, sow, few remember tne ead story of the mnraer." The coftchdriver told the story in his own rough pathetic way, whieti 1 cannot hope to remember entirely. After he had finished bis yarn he teemed e-xi ii-ued by the reoolleotion of his little sw-etheart's sad fate; and he drove rn for a considerable di-tauce in silence, mechanically, as it seemed to me, keeping bis team on the best track. 1, too, w&8 vainly trying t* puzzle oat what the appearance he had told me of oould mean, andwtB much in the same f-ad frame of mind as my box compani 'D. At last he said, rousing himeelf and shaking his horses into * " I'm afraid, *ir, my yarn haB made us feel sort o' melancholy. But yon started me. This W jag don's a nasty pinch. Get along, hones. Weoiustmake np time."—Gui BOKO, in Town and Country. 