Wife.' "If I should die, will yod really: niárry again ?" Husband : " Never, never ! What do you takè' nie for ?"' In announcing the discovery of another comet, a Western American paper says : "De- tails have not yet come to hand." , 4t celebrated Frenchwoman once Wrote the following brief letter to hÜr husband :-" I oommenoe because I have nothing to do j I finish because I have nothing to say." Fond Mother : " Well, Bessie, now that you have seen your cousin Walter, what do you think of him F Did he leave a pleasant impression !" Bessie : " Oh, yes, mamma he kissed me." Irate Old Gentleman : " Mary; what was that noise I beard in the kitchen ?" Mary : ''Faith! an* little oi know, unlissyez beard fflikë'e coûntendûcë dhrbp when oi refused him á kiss at partiri'." , , ., In a part of South Wales, where inunda- tions are frequent, a board is raised on a post with tbiB inscription : " Take notice, that when this board is under water the road is impassable." Counsel (to witness) : "Is it possible, Uncle Bastus, that you would swear to what you know is not true for a single paltry dollar ?" Uncle Rastus (indignantly) : " No, sah ! de gemmen guv me two dollars." " Talk of mothers-in-law and sons-in-law not agreeing," remarked Titmarsh j " my mother-in-law ana Í Agree; She says I ought liefer to have married bet dottghtorj and 1 coincide with Her:" AuntBosëi "Abd-was iliërè plenty of dancing P" Niebe Ethel (rising ll) s "tío, yes.' But I have given up dancing at par- ties." Aunt Bose: "Ah!-since when has that been." " Niece Ethel (disillusioned) : " Oh !-ever since I found how stupid it was dancing with partners who-who-had been taught by the same master as one's self." An Eye to Business.-Minister (to bereav- ed widow) : " Tes, Mrs Mildew, John was such a good man ; always the same ; and you could know where to find him at all times." Widow : " Tes, that's so." (Sobs.) Minister: " And then in money matters he was always so open handed. I remember a time I needed money badly, and John went down in his peoket for the whole sum. Ah, jit was such a help." Widow : " Has (sob) it (sob) ever been (sob) paid back ?" A Soottish farmer, being a widower, went courting a young lady, the daughter of a neighbouring farmer. The farmer, who was no great orator, but was young and well looking, and in affluent circumstances, addressed WB fair one rather bluntly, and without much ceremony proposed marriage. The lady replied in the same frank and open way, " 'Deed, Jamie, til tak' ye, but ye mann gie me my dues o' courtia' for a' that." Old Farmer Silking had sent his son to oollege, and reoeived a letter from bim stating that he was taking lessons in fencing. "Well, t am domed glad to see tbat boy Joshua gottin' anthia' practicle 'long 'nth all this Latin and Greek and jommerty stuft*. I reckon that when We go te put up them rails, Joshua'll jest about be comia' home, an' may- be he can give us a few ideas about the job eech as they don't teach on'y in colleges. I'm ¡raley glad to see Joshua show each a leanin' to common sense." " Pray, my lord," said a gentleman to a Tate respected and rather whimsical Judge, "'what is the difference between law and equity courts ?" " Very little in the end," replied hie lordship ; " they only differ as far as time is concerned. At common law you are done for at once t in equity you are not co easily disposed of. The former is a bullet which is instantaneously and charmingly ef- fective j the later is an angler's hook, which plays with its victim before it kills it. The one is prussic acid, the other is laudanum. At a primary school.-Teacher : " Victor, tell me what animal it is that is most sus- ceptible of attachment to utan" "The leech, sir." " I have dUoevered another person to be placed on the list of those who never will bo missed," observed the snake editor. " Wbo is it ?" asked the horse editor. " The girl who gets married. People cease to miss her then, you know." A brutal but vain man had his likeness taken. When it was brought home he called his wife in to see it, and after she had looked at it a while, he asked : " Boes it strike ' you P" " Not Just at present, my dear," she 1 replied, " But I think it soon will, it is so like yon." " I have such an indulgent husband," said stout and good-natured Mrs. Doll. " Tes, so James says," responded the thin and dys- peptic Mrs. Spiteful, sneeringly. " Some- times he 'indulges' too much, doesn't he?" Tbose two ladies do not speak now. A boy paid his first visit to a State school the other day, and when be came home at night his mother asked him how he liked going to school. " First- rate," he replied, in an excited voice. ¡ " I saw four boys licked, one get hie ears pulled, and a big scholar burn his elbow on the stove. I don't want to miss a day." He : " You really went too far in your cou duct with Captain FiteHenry lost night at the ball. : Don't yon know yon are a married woman." She J. " Tes, but he didn't." Ada : "Why, one of your cheeks is red as fire, and the other pale asa ghost." Ella: " Yes. Harry was on one side, and I was afraid mamma would see us on the other." ." Ahí dearest," sighed a young man, kneel- ing atthe.feet of his ownest own, "do you ; know what .of ali thingVis nearest my heartP" ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^he sweetly .ïeplieà^ 