THE UNSPOKEN MESSAGE. ? » ? Tho following poem, whioh we t»ko from tho AusrnineiAii, Uet»to4tobeUJ»ftmilniiproauoHciii ot » working burtmwn IMnglnttiiBuiJlKoOiinWj; , IsthiitToti,m»t-i? Oh, aye! I »e. Come near to Jart took the blanket round my kueo, I Vo summat -?- AteSsllyoa, 8am, ? ??_?;? ? tniew, inero, don't worrit about me bo ; It's tlio common lot ol all } ThopursonsBay ; and then, you know, soinemunt ' be first to fell, And Im the first to give account of the evil and . tliegood. I'm feared the latter will never outweigh the first : D- think it could? Don't know 1 Of course, how could you know ? — that's for a higher judge. 1 know you'd give inc a pass, old man, without the ghost of a grudge. Uany- . a time we've humped our swags along the wallaby track, And tramped without the aid o' nags when goiii' But th»re was Bummat eke. Ah,* yes ! I'd nigh forgotten, mate; i I'd better tell you quiclf , I guess— the day seems getting late, . And strange and dark. All, well I oh, well 1 Just ' let me grip your hand, find let us take a good long spell before wo cross the sand. It's bard to die in this rough way !— Ah, no, my friend, it ain't. Hove the scrub on such a day : the gum bough's honeyed scent, The eong of birds, the hum of bees, the wattle's scented bloom, The whispering of the sheoak trees around the old The blue sky through the sunlit boughs looks bluer through the green, Would you be feard of dying, old mate, beneath so bright a screen 7 I always loved iho open air, the sunshine, and the birds, Se let us have just one short prayer an' no vain tears or words. We're bom an' bo we've got to die, an' what begins must cud, An' mine is near — so let me lie in this quiet spot, friend. We never drank what was'nt ours, nor begged a meal o' meat : Nor closed our purse to some poor mate that needed standin' treat. Small deeds to build great hopes upon ! — but littles make the whole, An' maybe these will help us on when we shall reach the goal. It's nearly over, Sam, my lad ! The sunlight's growin' dim. Hark ! how the wild birds sing o'erkead the bush man's requiem : Gome closer to we, closer yet — you're slippin' out o' sight ! An1, Sam, be sure you don't forget to give my mes sage right}— I hav'nt told you yet. Oh, dear, my mem'ry's en the break! Just lay me in the shadow here— I'll tell you when I wake. ? Jack Rugby. 