. T.O. THE EDITOB OE THE HERALD. Sir,-Tho letters which have appeared in your columns gave divers persons an opportunity of. airing their own hobbies,on Church matters. To each of them "there was ' nothing Uko leather," and that of his own particular tan- ning. But all purported to bo founded on a comparison of retUrhs'in tho Statistical ftogister, which aro acknowledged by tho Government Statistician to be utterly incapable of suohcoraparison. Theío returns givo tho estimates from 1870 to 1885 inclusivo, ;of all the attendants at church for a wholo day at all services; whereas that for 1S8G gives tho estimate of the attendance'.at-, ono service only on ono day. There is therefore an immense apparent doficiency, most striking,-of course, in tho ; largest denominations ; tho Church of England showing 74,535 in' 1885, and '60,790 in 1886 ; tho Church of Rome, 79,174 in 1885, and in 18S6, 72,505; .' . ' . ' ' All tho denominations shared this'sudden apparent do crenso (with one solitary small exception), and tho placing of tho figures as thoy aro in the registry report led-to tho false'comparison. Tho now register now about to bo issncd.Vill correct ibis. ' . The complaint was against nil denominations. But soon it began to bo directed only ugainBt tho.Church of England, for no reason on earth. Anyone who looks oven cursorily at tho immense number of new and enlarged churches belonging'to that Church,' erected, and maintained, and i ministered to by clergymen within the times compared, I will seo tho absurdity of supposing a decrease of church at- tendance, unless those churches aro built for nothing, by I no ono, and ministered by parsons unsupported by anyone ; who must bo resortinsr, in thttt case, to Mr. Buchanan's mistaken... idea of tho apostolic practico of maintaining I .themselves by their own labour npart from tho Churches. In point of fact there is nothimr whatevor in tho attendance [.at tho,Church pf England places of worship, on the wíhole, which contrasts unfavourably with tho others, oxcopty perhaps, that of tho Papacy, where tho attendance at Mass is absolutely obligatory as a supposed osse'ntial to salvation. In no Church, in any part of tho world is tho church attendance nearly equal to what it was a century ago. In no,Church but.ono is it believed to ba so important n part of religion.. There dre other means by which godly peoplo con and do keep tho Lord's Day holy. There: aro" greater needs for other kinda nf .relaxation, ' and greator facilities for quiet meditation and. reading. . There, aro also greatorAttractions and facilities to worldly pleasures ; arid, 'abovo'hll,' thoro is nbsolute freedom of action. Unless wo aro optimists and fanatics, how can wo oxpect that any larger average of the wholo will bo found within church walls at any ono sorvico than now aro found? I think tho reported nveragb is a very largo one. Tho popula- tion dqes not abandon religion merely because it doos not in larger proportion flock to tho Sunday services. Many loso interest in that particular form, going less frequently, Dut not forsaking .it ; just as tho majority of playgoors do not crowd ns'form'erly to Shakespeare and tho logitimato drama, but still do not forsake tho drama itself. . iBesides, tho way in which such calculations are made is unreasonable and unjust. Thcro are first put down soma hundreds of thousands returned as belonging to tho Church bf England,'andcompared with 7-t,ö35 estimated attendants at church on ono day. Of courso wo aro not told of tho multitude of persons", so young, so aged, so taken up with nursing those, so far away from a church, so. sick or BO attending on sick, so feeble, so poorly clad ; so necessary for' guard'hg property ; who aro to bo subtracted. In tho case of tho Anglican Church, thcro romains tho hereditary distinction_.of having nil parsons who aro " detached " and ! owned by and owning no religion, fathered on her in tho consus, so that not nearly ono half of tho numbers nt tri I buted to lior in that document really bolong to her. A Cliristiau Church is a society of willing members, just ns is any other society-say tho Slasonic. Ono cannot bo a member of tho Masonic Lodge, or any othor body, unless ho take or has'taken some steps to join it. Tho society must stand or fall in judemont by its members, not by outsiders. If oven my fathor and grandfather wero Masons, my con- duct aa a non-mason would -not affect the'society. I wonder how many of tho four hundred thousand people credited to tho Church of England in the census havo ever dono anything, or taken any step whatever, in order to join that Church, or td identify themselves with it. In any I other sect they- would not bo counted. They ought not to . be counted in any sect, and they would not bo counted in the Anglican,- except as a ghost of a vanished fallacy, that ' all-tho people of'England were technically members of that sect: ' .'. '.',*. '," Of Vtho. remainder, tho record of attondauce is very largo ; V, nor may it bo expected to increuBe much, on tue .wholo, in face of the now order of things. Certainly the methods proposed by your correspondents are not likely ?to"prevail.". Ono wants better sermons und moro intellectual 'power; and yet requires tho preachers, and the intellectually powerful to ' exhaust their strength, and squander their time in gadding about, circulating vaguely from houso to house, and touting ; as if mon so filling in thot'r days could bo intellectual, meditative, studious, and good preachers and teachers. Men cannot continually givo forth what they novel', put in. But tho first demand of tho " stipend fund" and tho parish grumbler is "perpetual motion," Oho wants "tho sormon to bo cntiroly omitted, oxcept at Holy Communion,- just apparently beciîuso he would prefer it. .-.How it would increase tho attendance it is impossiblo to say. Nor, indeed, has tho abolition of tho seat rent any tendency that way. It is a fad, and no moro. Tho multi- plication of " priests " and their hand in every parish would- bo just as delusive, and moro mischievous. All England, nil Franco, and all Germany testifies to ifs failure. Mr. Buchanan was, of courso, in error in supposing that in apostolio days tho rulo was for ministers to support them- selves, because St. Paul said ho did so ns un exception, not using the genonil rulo of being supported bj tho Church without working. Ho even tolls tho Corinthians that whilo working ho " took wages of other Churches " to do them this service-I. Cor., xi. 8-which was quito exceptional. Still I boliove.it would bo a wholesome usage in many places in theso times. At all events an eflicient and independent clergy cannot long bo maintained under tho present system or no system. If tho people prefer that ministers bo fairly learned and givoall their timo, mid shall not trndoor farm, then they must make up their minds to make duo provision for mon ot that stump, and to mako it- in a way not uncertain and not degrading. At present, lists of. shillings and crowns aro hunted up by ladies for the parson-" tho stipend fund "-and a printed list of this bogging process is handed to'him every year; and tho sum offered to a clergyman on engagement is so miserably inadequate that ho would make far moro by any concoivablo handicraft; whilo even this pittance is not secure to him, no one being responsible for his getting it. It mav bo that many parishes have hot tho means of doing better. Perhaps so. . Then why not so arrango with thbir clergyman 'at-firsLthttt ho is to bo considered freo to support himself by his own industry '{ Or else thoro is the alternativo of doing without a resident parson until they cnn provide a decent living for him. The present system is a refinement of cruelty, and deters good men from tho ministry. Hero, is room for a great reform, but church attendances after , the. old . stundnrd can novor bo revived, and oven iii Apostolical days we are told " many forsook tho assembling themselves together"-Hob. x. 25-although they had in- spired feachèrswith miraculous gifts: ' , , . ,. .l ani, &c;, . ZAC HAUY BARRY, LL.D. Rn. DR- .Tqyoit's I.IOIIT-IIUOWN COD LivKn OIL FOU COK BUMÍ-TIOX.-Dr, Sinclair Coghill, Physician; Hospital for Con- sumption,' Ventnor, writes :-In tubercular and the various forms bf Btrumous disease, Dr. De .longh's .Cod Liver Oil possesses greater therapeutic efficacy than any other cod liver oil with 'which I nm aoquainted." Sold only in capsuled bottles by all chemists. 1 Agent-s at Sydney, Elliott Bros.-IADYT.] . 