HORSRAM POLICE COURT. (Before Messrs G. L. Hutchinson P.M. and J. Carroll, and W. Burgin J's P.) .FRIAY 10TH AUGUST. . PROFANE LAxGUAGE. Tomlinson v Ward. Mr. Ireland appeared for the defendant who pleaded not guilty; ,Suba.inspector O'Callaghan conducted: the oprosecution, on whicli behalf the first witness, William Winterton Tomlinson, em ployed at May and Millar's, deposed that .on the :night of the 2nd. inst. while inside his house in Henry Street, Horsham, between the hours of 10 and 11 p.m.. be heard a noise; went out on his verandah.amid heard the defendant talking in a very loud tone of voice; could not see the defendant but recog nised his voice; heard him 'make re marks implying disbelief in the divine origin of the Saviour, in the immaculate mess of the Virgin Mary, and in the spirituality of the Holy Ghost. The expressions hurt witness' sense of what was rightas a Christian,and he called out to defendant to go home, that he was a disgrace to humanity, and that if he did not go away he would be locked up. The place in which the words were spoken was a public thoroughfare; and defendant spoke very loudly. Although 'e could not see the defendant witness was' sure it was he who spoke the words objected to. By Mr. Ireland.-I belong to no denomination; I am a member, of the Church of Christ and we bold our meetings at the Temperance Hall. We don't acknowledge the tlergy ; I preach myself sometimes; I have no connection with the Salvation Army. I had heard defendant use language to the same pur port before; that was also in the public street but the language was not so had; it was outside a pudlic house and was the only previous occasion. I know him to be a public nuisance in this way having heard it said of him. I:have heard him speak some half a dozen times.. If, lie was discussing the Bible on this. occasion he was doing it unnecessarily loudly. I consider the language I. complain of the vilest I ever heard used. I have listened to the Salvation Army but never heard such language as that. John Bannister, moulder, deposed that at the time mentioned he was standing, in the street when Ward passed with witness' brother.' Defend ant asked witness for a match and com menced talking of religion; witness had heard the evidence given just previously as to the words made use "of by Ward and he corroborated them almost entirely ; the language was spoken very loudly in a public thoroughfare. ":.By.Mr. Ireland:: Ward, has a 'way of his own; and his views of religion do not concide: with 'mine. i He and any brother were walking along chatting quietly up to the time they reached me. Ward has a naturally, loud voice when lie spoke the W'ords. complained' of he was addressing me aiid my brother. At this stage. the police magistrate said there was no use going on witheth case: : 7., i " f 0'Callaghian explaied bhait when ithe ,:prosecutor, came th .lay the com plaint he was told that the police .would1inot, proceedi'withy the matter. Mrr.;Tomlinson then said: that if the iub-inspector. :,would- undertake" 'to conduct thea case he, (Mr..Tomlinson) would linstitute a private prosecution. ' Mi. O'Caillaghansagreed'to doso, thougli' .;not ýthinking himself that the language was indictable, and the present proceed ings were taken. .'Thi' magistrates~diimiissed the case .wish £1 ls costs against'the prosecutor. 'c;:":i BREACHOF TLe-HE ALTH.ACT.,-. `{:.Sub-inspector O'Callaghan;; acting ,under.iistrictions. froin the Board'of :Health, proceeded against-Louis Holtz •nan id-Mrs..'Ellen Fanny Holtzman ":` a' b'reacli'of the 83rd section of the Public Health Statute, in that they re spectively,caused and permitted Nellie .May H~folti~oan, a child suffering from .an infectious disease, to enter a railway i? arriage without notice to the 'person in charge' thereof. Mr. O'Callaghan ex plained that the Board considered this ?'?rinost.serious case, but hadlpreferred proceeding under this stature, where the penalty was £5, to taking actinni" under the 'Railway Act where the penalty under section 31 for the same offence was £20. He understood that both 'defendants pleaded guilty. ?Mr. Ireland, for Mr. Twigg, who had been retained for the defence but who was. unable, from sickness, to attend, t~?at.??d that this :ws o. .i.here were extennating circumstancesa in the ease, especially for Mr. Louis Holtzmas, and he hoped the Bench would conmider ,that a nominal fine would meet the mef tshe fei mattetehiit -L ho lived at Nheail r hile oa visit chto fduher theieria ud end Dr. tteded her. i ,Mr. Louis HohC(liini wrocite to his and Macts. Holte said-the the patient tnamed inat the r ailway s a childon from Mr. Louis ifotizman anod returned home by- the fnext-train.' 'No-- notice- was genam, te littleor, the sttcontracted diph theria, and DrilJ .' ?og ttended her. btht ethe childas keabou'a oy' tbe crild, and Mrs, Holtzd warned -te mother, cam down from:Nhill:bali n of trheai; took ber bhe child at the railway sttion from DMr. LouKe foltzma, and returned home st-athe- next-trai di No--notice- was brokn roc the law Her hustationmaster sick child:g upon to ak wayen hearingr child at the raildwas about to be:remoedr advised .thatthat step ishould i not'be? tand Mrs .d waolnedzMar.. Louis Holtz Mran Louis Hoiezari(f the'a other de eicant) said her said thi case ras,: takery :away d-one and the child: hnkad sincg die would rs. Holtzmo ha;e itf the defendanto the jstated i n asking for the know sof thead dbroiphn'the law. Her.husband had bound byn liittell tlae railway hestar tiorl that once and she prop(Mrsy rolestman) waith orderd to takroce it home to 'Hoisllm to Dfetch-her. Yf Shedideso andreceived the chiltndd at the raittleay siion refromrd ? and:Mii.n, o ,,: Holtzman! AMr. Louis Holitma's house otherd shdat), where she told was isolboted froto take away ther 'child; thinking he would ever, asn o have it admitted into the wieparate ownrd atth Hearspid tal.,hat it was intended to remove 'tht patieit to fNhrllm aeid theold Mr bench: Holtman that itmself jusified in asking for the removal to the patient, inasmuch as!omethingd bost'five children ofhis own 'outtof eight frohm dpvery thinfectio e case. Thaware e timewas boitnes bla tell the railway son the 12th master;July, and on ias for, pngermitthe housegit to travel by train .tl31 r'esponsibiltgy of that should vening,more properly rest with the polie t's-fagistrate said there wed the other to take it home todue warNhillning d beYoun given. It w as necessary thad the ptb lic thould b e proteterd and tho lar. Louiserved. oIt man's. house ibeen Hor to gam,w here she was isolated frot the ofher takildret by'thereain was' riseckle efor, s Mr. L. ou oltzman to savded hise sick 'child' and had of-coiurse `:to' mix own family from rik. ,of fueardthat itnfe wa~s'intenided to rere 'the patient to Nhill, and told MIr. L: Holtzman that ;it was "not- lawf/ll to" do so, d lefendant replied that:the mother,.was cming for ion, the child: notnd he would leave the re sponsibility-of-the removal to the parents; be, also:saidsomething about theild bench aing flicteward a fintthe of sh and hospital';-witness' told:!liim : it "was a: witnesd costs inhe child was on the 12th: Januly, andon isiting the v. Gehouse agai thappearvend forg, found theiff patienth casesd been removed. The police magistrate said there wer of t same extenuating eircmtai in the latter case, but it had been a serions breach A verdictd wabeen given. It with 1 7necessar tha th£20 pblic a houldbe susprteced and the larpobserved by theIt may have been a natural desire on lhe prt ofthe parent. to get the washild home,d for, but theion of taking it by, train was.* reckless one; and'although it was also natural forlir. Lmagouis: Holtzmrate an to save hi own family from rhisk of further infesummon tion, be should not have done so atin the possible risk to others. on behalf of whom The bench inflicted a fine of, £1 and .4 5s Gd costs in 'each case. DEBTS. D. Nfc N. Clark ". Patrick Moneg han, e, goods wereand Same v. Georg ordan, te 12s 9d, goods. t Mr. Ireland appeared for the plaintiff in both cases,, and there was'no'appearance of the defendants in either.aw In the lattei case the:defendant,'had paid in £1. A ring erdict forwas given, wither for 7 6d costs, in each case. DAMIAGES BY A DOG. Jabez Harper v. Joseph. Fehler, £20, damages" sustained 'to' Susan Harper by the dog' of defendant's attacking.' Mr. Ireland for the plain tiffand Mr. Twigg for the defendant. In Mr. Twigg's unavoidable absence an adjournment was asked for, but the police magistrate "said he was not satisfied in his mind that the summons should not have been made out in the name of the person on behalf of whom, the damages were actually claimed. After .some argumet ' ir. Ireland 