The Brisbane Courier. FRIDAY, AUGUST 31, 1888. In the LEGISLATIVE ASSEMBLY yesterday, A petition was presented praying for the construction of a railway from Dalby to St. George. Mr. BARLOW made an explanation with refe- rence to the deposit of sacks of clay in the Brisbane River at Ipswich. Tho Postmaster-General said tho telegraph lins would be extended to Camooweal with tho lonst possiblo delay. Tho Lunn Bill, mid Regulation and Inspec- tion of Mines and Collierios Bill, were intro- duced by Mr. Machossan and rond a first limo. A Committeo of tho NVholo decided on an address to tho Governor, asking that £1000 might ho given to Achilles nud party for their discovery of the Eidsvold goldfield. The rnblio Works Lands Resumption Bill was passed through, committeo with amend- ment p. The Valuation Act Amendment Bill was further considered in oomiuittce, and thoro being n difference of opinion as to the power of justices to adjudicate vvhero claims aro mado for remission of rates, or in other words exemp- tion, tho Minister in chargo of the bill consented to progress being reported. The House adjourned at S.40 until Tuesday. Tiik spirit of the happy family which characterised Parliament for a week past fled yesterday. There was not tho same disposition to agree with all the Government proposed although ia the comments made by the Opposition thero was as a rulo nothing which could bo described as out of humour. Naturally the occupants of the ministerial benches might have regarded the discussion of some of their political opponents aa hypercriticism. It however for the most part served a good purpose. It is an undoubted weak- ness that the Government bas not iu the Asseraby the benefit of the assistance and advice of a legal Minister. This was especially manifest iu the discussions on the Public Works Land Resumption Bill mid the Valuation Act Amendment B»'\ The early part of the sitting being devoted to private members' business, considerable de- bate took place on a motion by Mr. Jones, member for tlio Burnett, for the payment of a reward of £1000 to the discoverers of the Eidsvold goldfield. As usual, when pioneer- ing and prospecting are made the subject of discussiou, a good deal that was interesting as to the early history of mining in the colony was elicited, but it appeared that after all lhere was little difference of opinion that the reward Bhould be jiaid to the prospecting party led by the gentleman with the classi- cal name of Achilles. It was when the Government bills came to be considered in committee Hat the difficulties arose. The PublicWoiksLandsKesumpUonBillisasliort but most valuable measure. In practice it has been found that the principal Act is not sufficiently explicit as to the classes or kinds of public works for which lauds may be resumed»/', and the. main chiue of the amending bill sat forth detail a very large number of such public works. The leader of the Opposition pointed out the omission of rifle ranges and drill and parade grounds, and these "were added. But the same hon. gentleman ob- jected to the inclusion of "future railways" as too problematical a species of works for which, to give power to compulsorily resume lands. Both at the second reading and in committee some too suspicious members seemed to see in " future railways " a deep hidden and Uachiavelian hint at land-grant railways, but their fears were hlown into thin air by the admission from the Treasury benches that it was a mistake of the draftsman and by the statement made by the Premier that the words were supererogatory since they "would be inoperative. Consequently they were elimi- nated from the clause. An admirable clause drawn by Sir S. W. Griflith was accepted. It permits of an easement of land being acquired where for public purposes the whole estate in the land was unnecessary ; the right-of-way to a beacon for in- stance, or the right to lay a water pipe or to bore a drain-tunnel. The third and last clattao of the bill pro- vided that, for compensation purposes, the amount entered for the past year in the assessment-book of the local authority within which the lands are situated, should be taken as prima facie evidence of the value of tho lands. But from both aides of the House it was maintained that such a clause would be inoperative, that it might lead to frauds, and the Government wisely allowed it to be negatived, "What we really want is a provision in some amending "Valuation Act by which the valuations throughout the colony would be made on some uniform method. Unless they are bo they are valueless, worse than valueless for statistical purposes, The central authority is entitled to demand accuracy as well as uniformity ; and as it is notorious that the valuations of many local authorities are neither accurate nor uniform, the central authority might step in to secure such for its own protection, In doing so it could not bo urged that the central authority was encroaching upon municipal prerogative because the larger proportion of tho revenue of the local authorities is derived from the public treasury. Uniformity and accuracy, we contend, could be best attained by appoint- ing experts who should test or perhaps remake all the valuations throughout the country. It might bo said that that would interfere with the power of the people to tax themselves ; but not so. All that the Govemmont valuers would do would be to say " such and such is the true valuo of a particular property," leaving it open to the representativo local authority to levy Id. or la. in the pound at their discretion . and to impose special as well ns general rates-each not exceeding the maximum of Is. Local authorities in fact would bo abso- lutely unfettered as to the amount of taxa- tion ; all that thoy would be prohibited doing would be to distort values instead of modifying the amount of the rates to be struck. We have known many instances in which the valuations this year havo been made with a magnificent contempt for the Act of 1887. In fact, by a strict application of tho Act revenue Would have been lost ; and tho local authorities or their officers have simply put up tho value of land toan amount which would bring in tho former revenue. It has been found in some ciuarters too that the cry against the taxation of improvements is a rich man's cry and not a poor man's. In farming districts, for example, the poor man cannot alford to make any, or very slight improve- ments at the best, but ho is taxed at precisely the samo amount as his rich neighbour, who is enabled to sink largo capital in improve- ments, It need not be denied that the exemption of improvements from taxation encourages improvement. Possibly it does so . but it nevertheless presses heavily upon the poor niau, as tho rates on tho land have to bo raised to a sttllicient extent to com- pensate for the loss of reveuuo by the exemption of the improvements. This, however, by-tko-way. Tho whole of the evening sitting was devoted to the discussion of the bill to amend the Valuation Act of last year. Shortly stated, this bill, which is virtually of one clauso, proposed to give a right of appoal from the justices to the Supreme Court on questions of law as to the principle upon which the valuation of lands hud been made, ns to the admission or rojection of evidence, and ns to exemption from valuation. The lender of the Opposition, whose ability as a sound lawyer no one questions, showed in the clearest manner possible) that on tho first two points there was no necessity for fresh statutory pro- vision of appeal-that was clearly conceded by tho Justices Act of 1SSG; while an appeal on the other or exemption point was useless since the justices could not deal with exemptions at all, In the course of the discussion it appeared that many honourable members confounded exemptions from with reductions in valuation ; at any rate it was evident that there was no common agree- ment as to the precise definition of exemp- tion as used in the subsection of tho bil). Clearly a mistake had been mado in regard to the measure, although the Chief Secre- tary, with chivalrous loyalty, attempted the defence of the indefensible by arguments of considerable ingenuity. Progress was re- ported, and probably in its present Bhape the bill will not bo heard of ngain. The experience of the afternoon and even, in ". has demonstrated the necessity fur that which we have more than once pleaded- the appointment, namely, of a skilled Parliamentary draftsman who should hold permanent office and be inde- pendent of either side of the House. With the expansion of the colony and its Parlia- mentary business, the time of a professional draftsman possessed at the same time of sound legal training might be fully occu- pied. The labours of such au officer of Parliament would save an immense amount of time of the House, and prevent crude measures (immature as to form we mean) finding a place in the Statute- book. Although inCommilteeof the Whole valuable amendments may be made on the bill, it is almost impossible for an unscientifically drawn measm-e to be licked into symmetrical and logical shape, "When numerous amendments drawn by various more or les» unskilful hands are inserted in a bill it is almost impossible to avoid making the bill inconsistent or ineffective in some way. It would be the duty.of the draftsman to go over the bill and amendments before it passed ita Cual sUges ia eornpiiUee. to examine them thoroughly and suggest further amendments if necessary on recom- mittal, by which the symmetry and con- sistency of the measure would bo restored or maintained. The surprising success which not long since attended the formation of certain of the leading brewing businesses in the United Kingdom into joint stock companies is known to everybody who lives within the reach of newspapers, but very few persons have any idea of the widespread desire which exists in the old country to become a shareholder in a brewing concern. It has been very commonly believed that brewers made very large profits, but, however large these may have bee«, it is extremely doubt- ful whether they have in all cases been so tempting as the publie have supposed they were. If such were really the case, it is scarcely probable that the brewers would have displayed so great an eagerness to form their individual enterprises into joint stock companies. They have been most anxious to do so, and the price at which the public has been invited to participatein the profits of beermaking has not deterred the latter from taking up the shares with avidity. Looking at the figures which representthecapitalof recently-formed brewing companies it is impossible to suppress the suspicion that those who were once the private owners, find it to their advantage to be shareholders only, having of course received a large price for the goodwill of the business. In October, 18SG, the brewing business of Arthur Guinness and Son was formed into a joint-stock company with a capital of £1,000,000, but this was not the first com- pany of the kind that had been so floated. During the same year no less than seventeen other companies had been floated before Guinneas's, and although two of them wera very small affairs, having capital of £1500 and £2000 respectively, some of them were very considerable, five of them representing capital ranging from £100,000 to £300,000. In November of the same year the business of Ind, Coope, and Co. was converted into a public company with a capital of £1,500,000, and in all there were twenty-six conversions during the year, the combined capital of which represents £7,933,500. In 1887 the business went on merrily and thirLy-one other private concerns were converted into public companies with a combined capital of £0,728,175. Allsopp's, with a capital of £2,200,000, was the largest company floated in 1887, but there were eighteon others whoäo capital ranged from £100,000 up to £400,000. Nor did the rage for obtaining shares in brewing companies come to an end with the year 1887, for up to the 1st Juno of this year thirty-two more private companies had been converted, and the combined capital of these amounted to £8,070,000. With eight exceptions the capital of theso is not less than £100,000, and that of tho Bass, Batcliffe, and Grctton is £2,720,000. The combined capital of nil thess companies amounts to £21,737,075, but this gives no real indication of tho money in- vested in them ; for as the Statist, which supplies the foregoing figures, points out, many if not most of them provide for the issuo of debentures. The shares, too, of somoof them sell at a very high premium ; for instance, in June sales were recorded " at within a little of £330 per £100 of stock " in the Guinness "Brewery. The business of this brewery is said to havo enormously in- creased since it was formed into a company, but it is represented as "almost a pure monopoly." To its success, however, when it was put upon tlio market, is attributed " tbo creatian of all the various brewing undertakings which have since been floated," and some of these it is reported have been greatly overvalued, Looking at the long list of these new companies, occupying as it does a whole column of the Statist, there seems to be little probability of the beer drinkers running short of their favourite beverage. If the advocates of teetotaliam have any hope that they will ultimately overcome the national tasto for beer they must at least admit that their battle will be a formidable one. The shareholders in the com- panies which have been created in two and ii-lmlf years are a formidablo anny in them- selves, and the immense capítol they repre- sent is a pretty strong guarantee that so far as they are concerned the fight against total abstineuce will be a determined one. Not- withstanding the success of the temperance movement, it is evident that the British nation is not likely to accept the Blue Ribbon doctrine for some time to como. This year is noteworthy for ita centennial commemorations. The centenary of Australia, the tercentenary of the great revolution, the ter-centenary of the Spanish Armada, have all been celebrated. This day 200 years ago saw the last on earth of the "glorious dreamer," John Bunyan. The Puritans are frequently spoken of scornfully, but they had amongst them men who would have shone in the brightest periods of English literature. Baxter, Howe, Milton, Bunyan, not to mention others, ought to redeem any age from obscurity and any cause from contempt. It may be held that extreme puritanism was created by the extreme sensualism of the time, just as in every age oue extreme, creates or at least develops tho opposite estreme. Not now are we in danger from tho puritanical ex treme. Bunyan was a Puritan of the type which asserted itself iu the days of Crom- well and up to the time of the revolution. Ho was also a man of the people, one not bora to greatness, nor having greatness thrust upon him, but achieving the noble purpose of his life hy patient, plodding, toil- some endurance. Of an intensely religious tempérament Bunyan was an Episcopalianby training, a Baptist by conviction ; too large for any one sect, by evolution of thought and experience, he became Catholic in the noblest sense of the word. Living in and working for one age, his life and work have found adaptations to human nature, as such, and independent of times or places. The life of Bunyan, as set forth by himself and his numerous biographers, is intensely human, combining the realistic and the idealistic : complex in its unfolelings, but with wonderful unity in the heart of it. It is somewhat difficult to appreciate the dramatic realism of men like Luther who threw his inkpot at the devil, or of Wesley who believed in ghosts, or of Bunyan who heard voices and saw visions ; but those men could not have blfssed the ages if a chilling intellectual materialism had frozen their hearts or de- stroyed their imagination. Even their superstitious, as many regard them, were elements of power in* all they; spoke and wrote. Bunyau was a free-tliinker of tim devout sort, and one of the men whose sufferings helped to achieve liberty of conscience and freedom of speech for all He was a man chosen out from among the people, always comparatively poor, homelv true-hearted, a man of God, a seer a saint if ter knowing deeply what it was'to be 1 sinner, a preacher, a reformer, a pastor a counseller ind friend, losing his life in an act of Christian friendship, and an antbor whose worka hive given him a niche in th« temple of finie The woild is the richer every way for such a life, and m the rush and hutry of a new country it is well to remember him of vv bom Macaulay wrote "He is indeed as decidedly the first of illegorists as Demosthenes is the first of ontors, and Shakspeare the first of di amatista" The Financial Statement was to have been delivered on Tuesday next, but according to a statement made by the TreaBurer-Fremier m the Ahsembly last night it wiUin all probabihti be Wednesday or even Thursday before the fiscal proposals of the Government are made known Duo notice, will, however, bo given of tho day when it is fixed A petition boarmg 324 signatures, from persons interested in the construction of a line of railway from Dalby to St George, was pre seated to the Assembly yesterday, by Mr E J Stevens, on behalf of the member for the district, Mr Jessop. The petition pointed out that tho line proposed would possess great ad vantages over any other line between Brisbane and St Geotge, as the route was comparativelv free from engineering difficulties, the onlv stream repairing an expensive bridge being the Condaimno Uiver, and that would havo to bo ciossed but once. Trout the level nature of the country, tho gradients would be very easy, and tho quantity of freehold land that would havo to bo resumed was exceedingly small The neighbourhood of St Geoigc hud long established its capacity for the successful cultivation of wheat and other cereals, vines Le , winch with other products of the soil would require to be convoyed to market by as short a route as possible There wore many sites along the ptopesed line suitable for town- ships, surrounded by largo areas of land equal for agricultural purposes to that at St decree It would tend to settle also the outside country, on which during tho last five ypars nearly 2,000,000 of sheep had been placed An im- mense trafho would also be opened, which now found its way into New South Wales, and should a line be eventually oponed between St George and Cunnamulla, the distance between Brisbane mid the latter placo would bo shortened by at leist 100 miles. The petition was read and received The facts ohctted in oourso of the discussion m the Assembly yesterdny on the motion fot tho granting of tho £1000 bonus to tho dis- coverers of the Eidsvold Goldfield fully justified Sir MaoiosBan m his expression of regret that so much heat had been created by the discus sion of it on tho previous evening By the report of the warden of the field, supplied in accordance with a request of Mr Hodgkinson, the then Munster of Mines, it was clear that Achilles and his party of about twelve others aro in almost every rospeot entitled to the awaid, and that, as the warden expresad it, the previous incomplotod dtscovety of Mr Falconer was too remote to receive any con- sideration Tins was what both Mr Hodg- kinson and Mr Macrossan saw, hut ea"h refrained from making the award, but for different reasons As Mr Hodgkinson at la«t admitted j estcrday ho remitted the matter to his successor, as he did not think it right to pledgo the now Ministry to the payment of the monev, while Mr Maoiossan would hav e paid it at once, only ho thought himself baulked in conscienco by tho terms of the regulation, which necessi- tated one find being ti cortain distance from tho othot Although some sympathy was expressed for Mr Talconer, the wholo award wai voted to Achilles and i>aity, and Mr raloonor was left to content himself with his " gi eat expectations " A good doal ofdiff lonco of opinion was shown to exist amoug-t mining luotnbors themselves as to how miuy ounces to tlio ton are pnyitblo, and somo amuse- ment was caused by the conflict to thoso who are not skilled m such matters A very long discussion took place in the Assembly last night over tho Valuation Amend- ment Bill The position was mci eased in complexity, for whereas on the previous cveu- lin» it had been clearly understood that the " exemption ' wluch Mr Macrossan sought to establish appeal upon meant absoluto im- munity from rating, last night tho discussion turned rathol upon cases where a reduction w i» to be made upon one cause or other Sir fc> W Grifhth stuck firmly to his point He allowed that m reduction cases (auch as that at Charteis 'lowers of which Mr Macrossan had already spoken) thero was already a right ot nnpeal to the Supremo Court, but lnsietcd that in case», where thor«» vv as claimed to bo a total suspensión of liability to pay rates the pistices had no jutisdiction to net at all, aud conse- quently thero conld be no appeal where the} could not oven art in the first place Evei - tually the Government agreed to report pio gress, with a view to considering amendment« winch would meet tho views of member0 generally Thero is a good deal of courageous spirit in the person of Mi. Hunter, tho junior member for the Burke, but it is in most instances *.o badly applied m tho Assembly that it fails altogether in effect, and often does more, for it draw s down upon hnn a severo cistigation it the hands of some other member On Tuesday Mi Hunter chose to think that the Premier had attacked Mr Drake, and resented in his own cupaoity the fancied wrongs of the member for Enoggera but the force of his tirade was shown to bo entirely misapplied when the Premier denied having used tho word* attubutcd to him, and Mr Drake said he bed not understood such words to have been said So, too, yesterday, when Mr Hunter vv is posing ns a representative of the mining in dustry, and complaining of the insufficiency of the present regulations and of the wa it of assistance given to the indu«lr> bj. all Governments, he drew upon his head ti e rough but sincere comments of Mr AV bille, the member for Woothakata "Mr Hunt i a miner," said Mr Little mdiguautlv, " he might know something about scrip and au ja but he knew nothing about mining He shoul J not como there talking to men tv ho knew ibe.uf mining twin their bli th, but should wait ill something grew," and here Mr Little fiajer-»d onhiacvn face the wealth of gravish beare!. where Mr. Hunter is at present quite bare Of course the Houbo roared with delight, aid the delight was not lessened when Mr LitOe wound up by saying that Mr. Hunter mi^ht not have lead the Act and regulations of wh eh he had been talking, but, if he lind read them, ho evidently had not had brains enousrh to understand thom. If Mr Hunter is wise he wdl take a lesson from these two emly episodes .n his Parliamentary career Members of the A«embl} had their curiosity. if not their fears, very much exercised on "Wednesday evening by some remarks made bv Mr Barlow,one of the representatives of Ipswich, upon somo operations in connection with depositing clay in the nver near that township "Unfortunately Mr Barlow could not him- self set them right at the time, but last evenini? he had become better posted, and the fancied grievance turned out to be a very «imple master after alb The cauee of the anxiety was the btateinent of Mr. Barlow that latelv clav had beep thrown into the mer to raise it to a le\A sußaaeiitly high fur the pumpa to suck it up This did not sound airreeable but the explanation when it was given was ' much more palatable, and from the waterworks engineer's report, quoted by Mr. Barlow yesterday, it appeared that, at the commencement of the past fortnight,,the water in the river being fully loin, belowctho retain ing-wall, he received instructions .to.employ some men with the view of doing i something to stop so much water passing the end of the wall and Keeping as great a* depth at the breastwork as possible. Sacks of clay were used, and with Buch good effect that now there was a depth of Hin. of water flowing over the wall and weeds and rubbish were kept from collecting in front of the breastwork. This explanation fully satisfied hon. members. The Publie "Works Lands Resumption Bill was amended with less difficulty than the Vuluation Bill. In addition to the long category of purposes for which land maybe taken by tlio Government, besides railway constxuotion, tho words " riflo ranges and drill grounds", were proposed. Captain Foxton suggested the addition of " parade grounds" also, as they were of more importance, in his opinion, even than drill grounds, and ia that form the amendment was agreed to. The trords " future railways" wero also struck out from the clause, as they were, after discussion, deemed unnecessary. The clause making the sssessment-book evidence of value was rejected, and a new olause was inserted giving ' tho Government power to use the approaohes to land used for tho erection of beacons and Eimilar purposes. The bill, as amended, is set j down for third reading on Tuesday next. . Mr. Wraggo Issued the following special fore- cast yesterday morning:-"Expect bad weather shortly weft from Capo Otway, reaching also Bass Straits. Winds will bo very strong on coast between north-east and north wost, after- wards veering west. Kain will follow." Ilia Honour Sir Chas. Lilley, C.J., and a jury of four wero occupied all day yesterday hearing evidence in the caso of P. Dowling v. the Wambo Divisional Board, in which the plaintiff claims £1000 dinnagos for loss sus- tained through a diversion of fie Myall Creek, alleged to have been brought about by the dcfeiie'anfc board. Plaintiff submits that de- fendants so altered a dam which crossed the stream that D19 overflow-wator in flood-timo partially covered his land, Defendants deny ihnt any act of theirs has caused the flooding of the country in question, aud say that thero has not been in late floods more water on plaintiff's land than on former occasions. Por tho plain- tiff the evidence of one moro witness has yet to he taken, and it is probable that the evidence for the defendants and argument will occupy the whole of to- day. During tho trial his Honour was considerably anuoyod by tho whistling of steamers passing up aud down the river, and also by the noise from tho traflio on the North Quay. Before Iho rising cf the court he instructed tho uberin to soo that tho latter nuisance was nbatod for the remainder of the ßittings. The quarterly sittings of the District Court at Ipswich will bo commenced to- day boforo his Honour Judge raid. Tho following criminal cases have been sot down for hearing : \--Ah Chew and Ah Charlie, committed at Ips- wich for burglary, and James Dunn, committed at Boonah for horse-stealing and larceny. Tho following civil oases will also bo hoard ¡-De- fended Cases: C. S. V. Verr.au v. R. D. Graham, olaim of £39 lGs. Gd. for work and labour performed and amount of dishonoured promissory-note ; G. Minto v. John Rea, claim of £3G 15s. for professional services rendered ; and William Partridge v. Josoph Beasley, claim of £10 l"s. 2d. for ratèi alleged to be duo. Thero aro also four undefended cases, tho amounts claimed ranging from £2 10s. 3d. to £9. With reference to the stltemont mado in the Houso by Mr. O'sullivan to the effect that Mr. Lewis Thomas, of Aberdare, could make uso of fifty hopper trucks per day, .but the Railway Dopartment could not supply him with that number, inquiries at tho Railway Department show that for the last few days Hie numbers of empty waggons Bitpph'ed to Mr. Thomas and the loaded waggons turnoil out by bim were ns follow: - On 21th instant he received 52 empties and turnod O'.it Vj full trucks; 25th instant roeeived 42 implies and turned out. 60 full trucks; 27th hv.tant received 51 empties ami turnenlout 51 futl trucks; 2Slh instant received 80 empties und turnod out 59 full trucks; and 2!)th inntant received G8 empties and turned out GO full trucks. With reference to the offer of Mr. J. Watson, the contractor for the repairs to Victoria Bridge, to complete the work in two months instead of three, we understand that besides guaranteeing to open the bridge in four weeks under contract time he is prepared also to open it to the public four hours per day longer than he is obliged to do. The bonus required is £500. It is reported that Mr. Archibald Meston, in conjunction with Mr. J. Alan Metcalfe, who leaves by to-morrow's boat on his return to the North, will shortly engage in a prospecting expedition to look out for some good scrub land with a view to planting a small colony near the railway on the tablelands above the Barron River Falls. Mr. E. Torazzi, of Freshwater Creek, who is an Italian by birth, is also said to have received a commission from several of his countrymen who contemplate settling on those tablelands. Owing to the altitude and congenial climate it is anticipated that the fruits and vegetables of the temperate zone may here be grown to perfection, and are sure to find a ready market in the adjacent towns and further south. Some likely-looking stone was reported in these columns some time ago as having been discovered on Mr. Westaway's property, Oak- lands, situatce between Cleveland and Redland Bay. A quantity of stone was crushed at Messrs. Smellie and Co.'s works, but the result was not encouraging, the return being fcimcthing like ldwt. to tho ton. The tailings as-ayed 23'oz. of silver to the ton, but as tho steme tested was from the imrfaco, it is thought that by going further down better resulta may be obtained. It is intended, we believe, to thoroughly test the ground, and a party of gentlemen interested in the discovery will take the matter in hand. It ie satisfactory to noto that such a large steamer as the H.I.S.N. Company's R.M.S. Taroba, which will be despatched hence on Tuesday next for London, ria ports, will have "- full freight. The wool season has just cunmenced, and wool h coming lo hand much quicker and in larger quantitios than was anticipated. It is expected, too, that there will ¡io fully 25 per cent morr> wool for export ¡his year than was the case last season. The Taroba will take altogether upwards of 10,000 tales-1500 bales from Brisbane, from 5000 to 6000 from Rockhampton, and about 3000 bales frcm Townsville. In addition to thM, space has teen engaged for 100 tons of tallow from Bri¡> hace, 50 tons of fellow lrom Rockhampton, ..00 tons of sugar from Mackay, 50 tons of E*--.'ar from Townsville, 150 tons tin from Port Douglas, 60 tons tin ore from Cooktown, 350 ca«¡a pearlshell from Thursday Inland, ana 500 tons of cargo consisting of tia, rice, Tapper, and hides from Batavia. This bc-ing the wrong season of the year for passengers vudting the old country it was not expected that many berths would be secured, hut uevertlielesa 20 saloon and 30 steerage pa&sengers; have already booked. . ? u 1 Tbe " Joint Masonic Ball," which was held last evening in the Courier Hall, had been looked forwarA ?<> »a s treat of au unusual character, and consequently it was attended by' a largo number of craftsmen and also of ladies. Unfortunately the preparations for the gather- ing had been but indifferently managed, and in the early part of the evening the programme dragged tediously. The ladies and gentlemen rjretent, feeling that thero was something wrong, endeavoured as fax as possible to con- tribute to their own pleasure nnd that of their companions. In consequence o£ this aociablo spirit on tho part of the guests tno ball beoatno quite enjoyable as the evening progressed. That it was not a completo success throughout was certainly the fault of thoso who had under- taken the management of it. The Swiss singers and instrumentalists, who are still attracting good houses at the Theatre Royal, announce another change of programme and of costume for this oveniug. At a meeting of the Central Sports Ground Committee, held last evening in the mayor's room at the Town Hall, a proposal was received from the Bellevuo Gardens and Aquarium Company, requesting the co-operation and support of the committee in their undertaking to proparo a sports ground near Milton. It was resolved that as the committee was merely elected with the object of inquiring into tho probability of obtaining a suitable hports ground, it was not in tho power of members to identify themselves with any particular scheme, but merely to report to a futuro public meet- ing. Subsequently the meeting was ndjournod until 4 o'clock on Tuesday afternoon next, with the intention that the secretary should make inquiries concerning the purchase or lóate of the Albert Sports Ground front the present company. It wns a matter of congratulation among members of the committeo flint their labours are approaching a successful termi- nation. During tho past fortnight noticeable alterations havo been mado in tho Muni- cipal Council Chamber. Tho walls of tho room havo boon newly papetod with a rich paper, mid the ceiling has been kalsoinined in various tints and finished off with stencilled "croll work. The whole of tho furniture is being repolished. A special mooting of the Ithaca Shire Council washold in the board's office, Red Hill, ou Wed- nesday, at which Messrs. M'Lean, T. Forrester, W. M'Callum Park, 0-, Gibbs, and Horsfall were present. Tho only business to bo trans- acted was the confirmation of the rates decided to bo struck at the last meeting of tho board, and this was done without discussion. Robert Geddes, who was arrested at tho Molbourne Exhibition on a ohargoof embezzling £200 from Messrs. Hoffnung and Co., arrived in charge of Constable Sullivan by steamer yesterday afternoon. Ho will doubtless bo brought up at the Police Court to-day. The engine of the 4.35 p.m. train from Stanley-street to Boonloigh yesterday broke down between Spring Creole and Kingston, about fourteen milos from Brisbane A mes- senger from the train proceeded to Loganlea, tour miles off, whonco ho telographod to Bris- bane for assistance. On reof-iving the tele- gram, the traffic manager, Mr. Thallon, at onco loft with mi engine to take tho tr.un on to its destination. An accident, which it is feared will prove fatal, occurred at the Albion Railway Station last evening. A telegram was received at the Railway Traffic Manager's Department at about twenty minutes past 8 last evening from the station-master at Albion, stating that he had just found a woman lying in the " six foot," between the two lines near the level crossing on the Sandgate side of the station. She was badly injured about the head, and it was supposed she had been knocked down by a passing train. She was removed shortly afterwards by train to the hospital, where, on examination, it was found that she had re- ceived a severe scalp wound, and another bad wound on the chin. The woman, who is thought to be about 25 years of age, had been unconscious ever since she was discovered, and her recovery is regarded as unlikely. Nothing is known as to the unfortunate woman's name. A child, 2 years of age, son of Robert Patte son, a labourer, living on tho Bradshaw Estate, Lutwyche, was playing outside his father's house with his sister yesterday afternoon, when he was kicked on the head by a horse. The horse was roaming about the streets, and is owned by a drayman named Chesterfield. Mrs. Robertson, a neighbour, saw the affair, and called the mother, who picked up the little fellow in an unconscious state. Mrs. Patteson conveyed the boy in an omnibus to the hospital, where he was examined by the doctors, but the extent ot his injuries has not yet been ascer- tained. The mother was allowed to take the child home, but was instructed to attend at the institution next day. This is the third child kicked by horses in the neighbourhood during the month - Arthur Boylan, 3 years, and Georgiana Hart, 7 years, having sustained a split lip and a fractured arm respectively, in this way. At the last meeting of the North Brisbane Municipal Council the question arose whother the quality of the road metal supplied hy tho Bitrressful tendorcr, Mr. J. B. Jcnkinp, of Bun dauba, was equal to the satnplo pent in with his tondor, and in consequence of this Mr. Jonkins invited tho council to visit his quarry and inspect the metal. Tho invitation was accepted, and the mayor, several of the n'der men, and the town clerk vieilod Mr. Jenkin»'« quarry at Bundnnba yesterday. After examining tho stone and the cube« which wero ready for transport, the party were perfectly satUfied that there was nu foundation /or the report in question, the stone atthoquarry being quite equal to the sample supplied to the council. The settling in connection with the Rocklea J.C. Races took place at the Rocklea Hotel on Tuesday evening. Mr. C. Mortimer, vice president of tlio club, occupied the chair. The |irizes, amounting to £13.3, wero paid over as follows :-J. P. Jost, £50 : F. W. Robinson, £20; D. Trihey, £15; G. Strong, £lfl ; P. Grenier, Mortimer trophy £0 9s.; and A. M. Tliomas, £8. The amount duo to T. W. Frost, owner of Mornington, who won the Consolation Handicap, was ordered to be held over pending the settlement of an appeal lodged with tho Q.T.C. against the decision of tho stewards. Champagne having been provided, Envc-ra toasts were proposed and responded to, the various speakers warmly congratulating the club upon the success which had attended ita inaugural meeting. Mr. P. J. Byrne, tho lion, secretary, in replying to the toa^t of his health said ho had every reason to believe that tho foundation of a good race club had been laid. Ho suggested that the nanto of the club might do altered to the *' South Brisbane Racing Club," with a view to making it the represen- tative club of racing matters on the south sido of the liver. Tho followntr undefended cases wero heard nt the Petty Debts Court yesterday, before Messrs. S. Bolitho (chairman), J. W. Ays couch, and R. AV. Thurlow, JJ.P., whore vtrdJclh were enterpi for the plaintiffs :-H. L. K. Riithuing v. P. L'eliis, work, £9 14s. 7d.; Margaret Claro v. Mrs. Giicr, wa-ei, £3 ISs.; W. Lanley v. W. D.e'.Iitt, rent, £3 7*. CL; H. Smithers v. G. E. Dodd, money due, £3. The f ollowinfr defended cases were abo disposed of : -Jane Watts v. H. G arnon, detention of pio- ! perty, 14s. Cd., property to be returned ; Geo. Stead v. A. Cooper, vinge», £13 10¿., Mr. Smith for plaintiff, and Mr, Bruce for defen- dant, verdict for plaintiff for 17s. Cd.; Valley Brewing Company v. Caspar Ortb, ale sold, £3 i log. (17e. ed.'paid in), Mr. Eing for plaintiff, and Mr. Woolcock for defendant, verdict for plaintiff, willi witnesses' expenses ; J. 1\ Lonergan v. A. James, detention of dog, £G dog to Gs., bo given up (by consent). Tho usual monthly meoting; of the Burns Club was held last evening, when there waa an attendance of some twenty-five members. A proposition with reference to a dramatic enter- tainment in connection with the club to bo held nest mouth was considered, and it was decided that tho arrangements for it thould be left in the bands of the committee. Messrs. James Kerr, Alex. Campbell, James Gibb, Henry J. Twis*, and A. Ferguson wero duly ballotted for and elected as members. Robert Scott, stonemason, of Kelvin Grove, on the itpplifiitiun of Mr. ii. J. Corbett, and on his own petition, was adjudicated au iusolvent by his Honour Sir Charles Lilley, C.J., on Wednesday; also, John Gnthrio Pilbrow, sharebroker, of Brisbane, on his own petition, and on the application of Messrs. Lilley and O'sullivan. In the former caso the first meet- ing of creditors was fixed for 13th September, and in tho latter for Gth September. Tho plans of tho North Coast Railway sec- tions 2 aud 3 will bo ready on tho 17th Sep- tomber, iuste'iid of tho 3rd, as previously advertised. In addition to the grand international sonlling contest, the Aquatic Curuival Cominittoo have arranged for un intercolonial amateur four oarod rano for trophies of the valuo of £100, to ba ro A'ctl on tho Brisbane River ou or about the 11th Deeoinbor next in best-and-bost boats with coxswains, distance about throo miles. Ono of tlio conditions provides that at loast uno crow fiom the Southern colonies shall compete Tho Hon. A. C. Gregory, returning-officcr, attended at tho oilicos of tho Shiro of Toowong Council yostorday aftornoou to receive nomina- tions of candidates to fill tho oxtraordinnry vacancy oau-cd by tho resignation of his sent by Councillor Mathewson. John Gi ey M'Nnb was nominated by W. L. G. Drew, Dr. Bell, M. Rigby, John S. Thomas, and A. Huosmtui. Newman Sapsford was nominated by W. II. Miskiu, C. Highfield, Thos. 33. White, W. M. Tauuor, T. Burtenshaw, jun., T. Burtenshaw, sen., Jns. Stodart, and Wm. Kellett. The nominations will bo formally dcolarod at the same placo to-day at 12 o'olouk. Concerning tlio revolver tragedy reported to tlio Colonial Sooretary by Mr. W. S. Walsh, P.M. of Cardwell, in which n Mrs. Sahr was shot whilst attempting tp shoot hor daughter, tho Colonial Sooretary has rocoived the follow- ing" telegram, dated 23th iiihtant :-"Mrs. S. Sahr, the victim of tho revolver tragedy re- ported yostorday, died last night. 1'ost-morlem examination made to-day by Dr. Thorpo shows that death was duo to tho perforation of tho tho stomach and subsequent internal hemorr- hage. Magisterial inquiry alroady hold." Mr. Clement L. Wrnggo has received a letter from the sooretary of the Royal Scottish Geographical Sooioty, informing him of his re- election for tho cuiront year as an honorary corresponding momber of tho socioty tunned. Ho adds : " We in Scotland omi novor forgot your splendid services to meteorology in inaugurating tho observations on Ben Nevis, and wo watch with interest and admiration tho advances and reforms in Australian weather wntuhing piuco you havo takon it in hand." Tho following is tho medical superintendent's leport of th« state of tho Dunwich Benovolont Asylum for tho week ending 25th instant: In tho house at last report, -105 males, G3 females ; since admitted, 7 malos ; retnrnod from leave, 5 males, 3 fomaloa ; died, 1 malo ; absent on leave, G malos, 1 fornido ; total, 410 innlei», G5 females. Tho medical snporin tondent acknowledges with thanks tho rocoipt of parools of newspapers and periodicals from Mrs. 0. Notzlor, O'Conncll-streot ; Mr. J. K. Welsh, Loichhurdt- htrootjtherarliaincntary Librarian, and tho Government Printer. Tho doath re- port is that of Hugh Homing Soott, 53, minor ; adm'ltcd lilli Jauutiry, 18S7 ; nativo of Glas- gow, Scotland. A petition has boen filed by Russoll Wilkins, storukeoper, of Ipswich and South Brisbane, for tho liquidation of his ostato by arrangement or composition with his creditors. The total liabilities aro stated at £5047 17b. 3d., and tho principal creditors aroT. R. Ross, of Warwick, £L24l0s. 81.; A.M'Arthur, of Brisbane, £122 17s. Gd.; Kesulor and Co., £082; Scott, Daw- son, and Slowarfc, £303 ; A. S. Loslio and Co., £3G0 ; D. L. Brown mid Co., £701 ; W. Porry and Co., of Sydnoy, £143 ; R. Harper and Co., £I7S; A. Shaw mid Co., £132; Davis, Laird, and Co., £123; W. Stoolo and Co., £324 ; A..T.S. Bunk, Wnrwick, about £1500. Tho firht mooting of creditors will bo held at tho uflieo of Messrs. Wilson, Wilson, aud Brown on 13lh Soptsmber. Tho tender of M. Krebs, £1S79, Iisb boon accepted by tho Department of Works for an one, ino and carriage' shod at Southport. Tho standard lime as indicated by tho clock in tho 1'JIeclric Telegraph OHloo is now fur- nished daily to the Observatory nt 0.45 p.m. ' inntoad of once n week as formeily. This is dono in order that tho timo may bo given ns correctly as possible. Four valuable Aberdeen-Angus polled cattle arrived in the Bay on Tuesday in the Tsiunn for Mr. William Hogarth, of Balgownie, having been transhipped to that vchsel ut Sydnoy from tho s.S. Damasous, in which thoy arrivod from Loudon, After having boon examined by Mr. Irving, tlio Government Voteriuurian, and hy the Chiof Inspector of Stock, they wera transferred to tho quarantine stnliles at St. Helena in the Heather Bell, at which placo, after being thorougbly disinfoctod, thoy will remain for 120 days. Tlioy havo arrivod in splendid condition under tho caro of an attendant from Aberdeen. Tlioy consist of two bulls, a cow, and a heifer. One of the bulls is Dunnoltnr (5315). two years old, bred by Mr. Hannay, Gnvcnwood, by Rugby, a well known prize-takor, from Krisca, also an exten- sivo prize-winner. Tho other bull, Auckland (ÓS48), bought from tho ISatl of Strathmore, Glamis, ono year old, bred by Mr. John Grant, Meihliok, is bv the double Unca bull Proud Eric, from Mabel 16th, of tho celebrated Pride of Abe'rdcen ti iho. The cows ure a tbrco year old Jacobina 4th (10,704), mid a two year old (in calf) named Thalin II. (11,903), both bred by tho well-known breedor Mr. G. G. Walker, of Portlethen, and by tho bull Hatton (3313), by Young Hero, which was fold for tim highest piled paid for on Aljerdeen-Angns bull at unv public; i-nle in Scotland. All tho four nnirirls ure of uplemdid bhapcii, heavy well-proportioned bodies, well (¡«ton (.hört legt; of great substance, with creiít depth cf firm c1 »stio flesh. Ai beef producers perhaps no finer lot of cattle was ever intro iliieod into Qm-en'land. They wero ficiooted by Mr. Iingar *h nfkr inspecting all tho hot known heid* in Scotland. This U the first importation hinco the opening of the ports. "A Lover of Prudence" writes Bomewhftt hitteily, but wo believe not without reason, on tit« aunoyiinco suffered by_ residents of Ade Inide-ttreet on Wodneiday night in eon-wjuecio of the noise at the Cjlumbia Skatintr Rink on the occKbion of tho combined rowing clubs' fête. The band was playing from 7.30 p.m. till 2 a.m., bo that it vvus a kloepk'M night for people who havo the misfortune to live in that part of the city. Even when the cnterUimnent was over, and the poople left the rink at 2 o'clexk, .' the men were bcreaming for cigars in the strict, and the to-called ladies were skipping along the pavement and laughing to the extent of their powers." Our correspondent adds a protest against tho undue attraction exercised by thn ruJit. in ..'encrai, and purtioulsriy aguinft Ibu proposal to hold a juvenil« carnival, and in coutlm- ion, remarks that people are Imiutr driven out of tho neighltourhood owing to the frequent mvpo-tibility of getting a night's rest. Tho usual weekly meeting of the Defeneo | I.O.G.T. Lodge was held last evening in the Temperance HalMEdívtírd-streot. The lodgo j was called to order at^-V.oO o'clock by Bro. T. Watts, C.T. A lady and gentleman were pro- posed for membership, and ou a collective I ballot being taken they wero duly admitted to membership. A short recess was then granted for the purpose of congratulating tho now members. On tho j lodge resuming business, a communication ! was received from Bro. Parker on matters affecting tho good of the order. A solo wns I given by Sister Paul, and the remainder of tho ovoning was spent in singing snored songs and solos. A hearty vote of thanks was accorded I to the visitors and to Bro. Holmes for his kind- ness in presiding at the piano. Representa- tives of tho following lodges responded-Tnio Blue, Hopo of South Brisbane, and Star of Bethlehem. Tho lodgo was closed with the usual ceremony by Bro. T. Watts at half-past 9 o'clock. The usual weekly mooting of the Hope of South Brisbano Lodge, I.O.G.T.,'was held at No. 5 Upper Melbourne-street, on Tuesday, the 2Sth instant, Brother Muir, O.T., presiding. Thero was a good attondunce of members. Three candidates wore proposai!, aud one was initiated. Tho progrnmmo for the evening- I impromptu spocohos-was thou gouo into ; i-hort spooches were given on a variety of subjects, ' and wero thoroughly enjoyed by those present. Tho usual voto of thanks was accorded to Hie visitors and responded to on behalf of tho I following lodges:-Star of Peace, Good Samnritau, and the Defence. Tho session was closed at 9.30 p.m. The fourth annual meeting of the New Farm Cricket Club was held on Wednesday evening, in the Valloy Hall, Mr. J. D. Campbell in tim chair. Tho report which was rend by tho secretary showed that nineteen matchos had I boon played during the season, of whioh the club won cloven, lost bix, drow one, and mado a tío oí one. The second oloven played sovou matches, won two, and lost five. It appeared I that Mr. A. Burton had taken both the butting and the bowling averago, but us it was not competent for bim to roceivo moro than 0110 I trophy ho decided in favour of that for tho batting ; his averago was 10-30 for tvvolvo innings. The bowling trophy went to Mr. G. Eaves, whoso nvorago was forty-five wickets at 4 "SO. lu tho sooond elevon the trophy for tho highest battiugaverogovvaswoii by Mr. J.D. Len, 10'3 for ton innings, and tho bowling trophy wau won by D. J. Puimon, with eleven wicket« at 3-2. Trophies for fielding in both elovons bud boen offered by Mr. P. P. Aaron and Mr. Hector Ogilvio, tho captain, and upon a ballot I being talton tho winners woro declared to bo Mr. J. W. Parsons in tho first eleven and Mr. E._ W. Parsons in tbo second. Tho following officers woro elected for tho coming season :- ! Patron, Mr. Hiram Wakefield ; president, Mr. John D. Campbell ; vice-presidents, Messrs'. R. L. Armour, Pring Poborts, and J. L. M'Kollar; secretary, Mr. William Welsby; treasurer, Mr. Wm. lloldstook; committoo Mosbrs. J. W. Parsons, C. Musgrave, H. Ogil- vie, - Burton, and - Siuclair ; delogulos to tho association, Messrs. C. Musgrave and W. Holdstock. After somo further business, in oludiug the revision of tho rules, a gold albert ohaiti was prcsontcd to Mr. Wm. "Wolsby, tho Bccrotary, as an acknowledgment of his hervíaos to the club. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the mooting to a cIobo. A correspondent .writes :- "It may not be generally known that we have a real live baronet in Queensland, for the gentleman is too modest to assume the title. I refer to that well-known and popular official, the late C.P.S. at Rockhampton, Mr. (but actually Sir) Stanley Grantham Hill, Bart. The Hill family is a very ancient one, being descended from Hugh Hill, who lived in the time of Henry II, and was married in 1160 to Eleanor, daughter and co-heiress of Sir Hugh de Wlonkeslowe. The first known baronet of the family was Sir John Hill, of Houston, in the County of Somerset, who was several times High Sheriff of Somerset and Dorset, in the reign of Edward III., A.D. 1341. The family residence is called ' Poundsford Park ' and was built by Sir William Hill in the latter part of Henry VII.'s reign. It is now in the hands of a Mr. Wiseman, but the family crest ' Dove and olive branch' still remains on the stained glass windows of the great hall. Stanley Grantham, born in 1843, is the oldest surviving son of Captain Frederick William Hill, of the 1st Life Guards, who received for eminent Service in Egypt gold and silver medals. Mr. S. G. Hill was urged by his friends in England, now that he has become a wealthy man, to buy back Poundsford Park and assume his legitimate title, but those who know him best do not appear to think him likely to take that course, as he prides himself rather more upon the fact that he is the architect of his own fortune than that he is the heir to an ancient baronetcy." A correspondent writes complaining of dis- graceful scelles which ho witnessed during Wednesday liud lhiirsdny evenings in Mary street, not far from tho Metropolitan Hotel. According t<| his description, tho attention of the police ii very urgently required in tho uoighbourhotdof several shanties in this part of the city. | * A fire brolto out on Monday inVht (saya our Southport oiirroHpondont) about 12 o'clock in a furnished |hoiiso bolonging to Mr. Biggs, situated on ii ridge overlooking Nerang Creek and not fur from Summer Place. Tho uro porty was known not long since as Winchester Collo««?, ""d hud booti rented and used ns a sohool successively by Mr. Wrench und Dr Sutton. Mrs. Biggs and family, who aro at present residiug in uu adjacent hoitsu, snout tho evening of Monday in ono of tho rounis of tho houso in question, leaving everything apnn routly safe,1 at about 10 o'clock. Towards midnight, however, somo fishermen discovered flames issuing from the promisos, but it was at once apparont that, in the absence of appliances, nothing could bo done to havo tho house from destruction. Nor wns it possible to rescue anything of vuluo from the nitwit« mass, and (ho houso and furnituro wero entirely consumed. Fortunately the wind shiftod, or there is no doubt that the ndjaoont wihoolhouso would havo leen consumed. Tho houso and furniture were insured in tlio Now Zealand Fire Office for something Uko £430. A gigantic ancient well has been found in the middle of tho Place of St. Mark Venico It was evidently sunk in the 16th century and is choked up by immense masses of sand. 