Selected Poetry. How the Mohawks Set Out for Medoctec. CHARLES D.G. ROBERTS. Windsor, Nova Sootia. [The following poem (published in the Century of June) tells of the heroic self-sacrifice of two captive Indian women, survivors of a massacre, who, trusted by the Mohawks to lead them to a fresh slaughter of their people, pilot thorn instead to h p-jint iu the viyer whore theircanoc-a, tethered together, me swept, with all ou board, over the Fall*. The ver.«es jcera to vt of such striking merit that we reproduce them in full.J I. Grows the great deed, though non» Shout to behold it done! To th<» brave deed done by night Heaven testifies iu the light 1 Stealthy and swift as n dream. Crowding the breast of the stream, In their paint aud plumes of war And their war-c»nocs fourscore. They are threading the Oolmt'jok Where hit cradling hilU o'erlook. „ The branchy thickets hide them ; Tha uustartled water? guide them. 11. Coracs night to the nuiet lull* Wheiv the Midawaski spills,— To hi? x] umbering but* no warning, Nor mirth of another morning'. No more shall the children wale* As the dnwns through the hut-door break; But the dogs, a trembling; pack, With wistful eyes steal back. And, to pilot the noiseless foe Through the perilous passe*, go Two women who could not die— Whom the knife in the dark passed by. 111. -Where (h° shoaling wa'»r« frofh, Cnitrnod thick liko devil's broth.— Where the rocky shark-jaw waits, Never a bitik that grates! And the tearless captives' skill Cuuteots them. Onward still! And the low- voiced captive* trll The tidings that chcev thvtti well: How a clear stream l;ads them down Well-nigh to Medor.toc town, Ere to the great Fulls' thunder The loug wall yawus aauuder. IV. The Hear stream glimmers bofore them; The faint lii^ht falters o'er them ; Lashtd lightly bark to b.irlc. They glide the windless dark. I.nte prows the night. No fear While the *kilful captives utter! Sleeps the tired wiirrior, sleeps The chief; aud the river creeps. V. In the town of the Melicetc The unjurroil peace is sweet; On on grows the rorn and great, And the hunt is fortunate. This many a hecdloM year The Mohawks come not near. The lodgc-f?»ti? stands unbarred ; Scarce even n dog keeps guard. No mother shrieks from a dream Of blood on the threshold stream,— But the thought of those mute guides Is where the sleeper bides! VI. Oet3 forth these cayerned wnlls No roar from the giant Fall.*, WhoM: mountainous foam treuds under The ttbys.-i of awful thunder. Hut—the river's sudden Kpeed! How t he ghost-gray shores recede! And tho tearless pilots hear A muttering voice creep near. A tremor! The blanched waves leap. The warriors stait from sleep. I'aints iu tho sudden blare The cry of their swift despair, And the captives' death-chant shrills. Ltrl afitr, remote from ills, Quiet uivli'i- the quiet skies The SL'.uete village lie?. Cuuadiun journalism is well represented iu Parliament. Many of itH leaderd were or ore identified with the newßpapor profession. The Secretary of State, Hon. J. A. Olmpleau, was oonncitod with newspaper interests in Mon treal, wliilo the Minister of the- Interior, Hon. Thomas White, in the proprietor of the Mon treal Gazette. Sir Hector Langovin reprcrenta tho newspaper interest of Quoboo. The Minister of Marino, Mr. Foster, ia the owner of the 67. John's (N.8.) Sun. Several years ago tho Miuister of Finance, Sir Charles Tupper, porfonned significant editorial work on tho Halifax Colonist, an important local journal in in its day. Tho high esteem in which the daily workers in journalism are held by all classes in Ottawa is especially noticeable. A newspaper man's card is answered in person by the Go vernment leaders and others, no matter how important may bo tho recipient's duty. I could not but think of tho contrast that this suggested with nowspapor man's attempt in Washington to summon a Cabinet officer from his duties, or a Senator from his seat.—Ottawa rorrespondent New York IForld. 