CHRISTMAS NUMBER OF THE OBaEi\ VJSti. The CHRISTMAS NUMBER of tbe ADELAIDE OBSERVER will be published on SATURDAY, DECEMBER 22. The contents of this number will be snch as to maintain the high character and popularity which the CHRISTMAS OBSERVER has enjoyed for so many years. The reading matter will consist largely of tales by Australian writers, bat several specially appropriate stories from the pens of English authors have been secured. There will also be a special budget of Poetry, Generalities, Riddles, Pozzies, Charades, <&c.; Among the literary attractions will be the following :— " An Australian Galatea." A story of Exploration and Strange Diaoovery, by Heron Shaw, whose , previous contributions to the Christmas Numbers of the Observer have been so much . appreciated. "Mies Nomer's Nonsense." A tale with a very novel plot, by E. D. CJleland. "Fleetwood's End." The story of two Christmas Eves, by Miss Adeline Sergeant, author of " Jacobi's Wife" (published in the Observer and Journal), "Under False Pretences," &c.;, &c.; "The Black Hoss Mystery." A Christmas mining story, by Monk Foster, author of "A Poor Man's Tragedy," "Jodith's Romance," Carchester's Vengeance," and "A Miner's Million," now being published in the Journal and Observer. "The Falling Cross. Two Christmas Days," by Ichor. "The Strange History of a Christmas Card," by Lindsay Duncan, author of "MisBDainty," "Up the River," "For Mab." &c.; "His Certificate of Freedom." An Australian story, by Alex. Morrison. " The Ghost of the Prince Rupert," by W. Gaunt. " An Australian Ghost Story," by M.P. In addition to these attractions a HANDSOME COLOURED PICTURE will be presented with each copy. This is entitled, "THE LAST IN THE MARKET," and is by Mr. RALPX HXDLEY, the well known North of England Artist. Mr. Bedley is a native of Northumberland, and his paintings are well known for their m&rvellouB; truth to life and the naturalneBS of their local colour, Mr. Hedley Is a constant exhibitor at the Royal Academy, and is also a well-known exhibitor at the Royal Institute of Watercolours, and obtained first medal at the Kennell Club's Exhibition of Do Pictures in 1882. The scene depicted in our Coloured Illustration is ine well known to vial tors of the Bigg Market, Kewcastle-on-Tyne. The Carrier, whose Covered Cart fills the picture, has probably come from one of the many wide districts stiil untouched by railways. In the early morning he wended his way over many a distant bleak Northumbrian Moor to the busy city on Tyneaide. His dog keeps faithful watch over bis young master, who sleeps whilst awaiting the return of the Carrier, who is the last to leave the Market-place. In the left- hand corner la seen the graoeful crown of St Nicholas's CathedraL 