A host interesting and amusing lec ture was given In the Presbyterian Church last night by tbe Rev. J. Pater Bon, wbo was the first ordaiued Presby terian Evangelist iu tbisoontlnent. Mr. Paterson gave an Instructive account of his extensive travels through Australia, New Zealand, Tasmania, India, Europe, United States, &c;, explaining tbe peculiar habits of tbe inhabitants of the different placeB. Among a number of amusing stories which happened during bis missionary work, he related one of when he was travelling with a bullock waggon in India, He fell off to sleep, waking up to find bitnBelfin front of a tiger, and being much afraid, frightened it off witb bis umbrella in the same style as an old woman would frighten away a cow. At the conclusion of tbe lecture a collection was taken up, and the Rev. J. I. Kuipe In a few remarks, moved a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Paterson for bis capital account of bis travelB, which was accorded witb acclamation. Herr Nicholas Fadst gave an ex hibition of bis washing fluid at tbe rear of the Melbourne Hotel yesterday morn ing, and it was pronounced by those who witnessed it as something miracu lous. Half a pound of soap cut up was thrown into a copper of water, and when it boiled three tabiespoonfuls of tbe fluid were added. Tbe clothes were then put in, and after fifteen minutes boiling were taken out, rinsed in tbe usual way, and hung out to dry. Two boilers of clothes were washed in rbiB way, tbe effect being wonderful, the clothes coming out as white as driven snow, without any rubbing, Another exhibition will take place tbis morning at 10 o'clock at tbe Queensland Boarding House. It will be noticed by our Brisbane telegrams that Mr. Tozer's opponent at the Wide Bay election— Mr. Flood— bas not given up tbe ghost, but means to try and upset tbe successful one's election. Six living ceratodi are wanted by Mr. G. W. Roebuck, as Inspector of Stock, for the Melbourne Exhibition. Mr. Fbed Hampson has started share broking »nd a commission agency in Gayndab. The report of tbe Commissioner for Railways for tbe year ending 31st De cember, 1887, is now ready, and contains a great deal of valuable information. The total expenditure to date amounted to £12,482,575, being £11.320,384 on lines open for traffic, and £1,162,192 on lineB under construction or survey, tbe interest on which is £524,807 per annum. Con tracts were entered into for the construc tion of 76 additional miles of line during 1887, this being below tbe average of tbe previous five years by about 110 miles. The average cost of the opened lines is £6414 ; £29,000 was Bpent in surveys dur ing tbe year. The gross earnings for tbe year show an increase of £85 217, or an increase for tbe year over 1886 of about 12} per cent. The report of tbe traffic manager of tbe Southern and Western line iB generally of a satisfactory char acter. The imports of maize into New South Wales from Fiji during last hair-year were 10,081 bushels. The total imports from all parts were 272,104 bushels. Tbe exports from New South Wales during tbe same period were 295,725 bushels. 