THE OLOSET SCENE IN HAMLET. By tub Booklover. Tiio Inst word lias not yot bocn written about- not Shukspoaro's alone, bub tho world's, ' dratnatlo masterpiece. Liko human lifo, or which thp play is so mnrvoliouly faithful ft mirror, Hamlet is inexhaustible. It may bo compared to a magnificent and far- extending landscape, which, viowed from a lofty elevation, presents to tho gazer's oyo nn infinite variety of aspect?, as soon undor varying aspects of sky nnd cloud and season. Or (to chango tho figure) it ia a pure diamond uf incomparable sizo and lustre, cut by tho hand of tho lapidary into a thousand fucots. Tlio dovout study of 0| lifetime docs not exhaunb this supremo triumph of human genius. Something new in tho drama strikes the mind of tho meditative studont— sodim subtlo shadn of meaning in tlio dramatist's words, or somo deoply significant purposo in a particular attri tion, not cnught before— every timo ho oponq tho fnmtliar pages. In this respect Hamlet resembles tbo "Divine Oomcdy" of Dante, Milton's Paradise Lost, or tbo Apocalypse of St. John tho Divine. On this acoount nq oharge of presumption lies against even tho. , humbloflt Shalccspcrian scholar who ventures upou suggesting a now point iu what theologians term tho oxegosia of tho play. The samo liberal rulo absolves from tlio accusa-. tion of pedantry a capable actor— of tho stamp, lot us Bay, of Mr Oharlos Warner—, who come? forward UPQR the stElfeo wltlT a preseutatojs of tho molancholy Princo of Denmark, differing in somo points from that given by any of his famous predecessors. A oloso and minute examination of tho. character as represented on tho Molbourno' stags by every leading actor, from G. V, Brooke down to Chnrles Warner, had deepened ou tlio mind of tho writer of theso papers tho conviction that in ono particular sceno tho full, meaning nnd Intention of tho great dramatist lias not yet been fully apprehended. A- toler ably oxtcnsivR acquaintance with tiio critics; and commentators, both English nnd Gorman, on theplay, similarly convinces mo 'thnt they also havo failed to catch tho full import of tbo very powerful Olo?ct scene. Let it, therefore, bo allowed tc examine onco moro tho incidents of that part of llainlob with careful psycho logical analysis. When tho play opens It is clear thnt Hamlet's mood of mind toward? his. mother is simply ono of doop resentment at h0r hurried and shameless inarriago with his uncle. But the Princo has no suspicion of foul play on her part, although lio is Just beginning to Iiavo a dim suspicion, as ngatnac the uncle, tlmt thcro may have been some dreadful deed, executed privily with tiio design of sending his father prematurely to tho grave. Tiiosubso- j quont revelation mado by his father's ghost' raises tho suspicion into certainty. But then ririscH tho terriblu question in the Prince's mind, was hismothci privy to tho tnurder 7 Thu words of tho ghost nro uot vory clear on this jwnnt, and Hanilot is nt first unwilling tg believe her an Accomplice. Iu this dubious mood of mind lio watches his mother'? behavior with microiOpic inquisition. Tho result, is tlmt his suspicions of her complicity in thii' tremendous crimo are gradually deo;»encdA And these harden into certainly in tho whirlwim and tcinpcxt Or feeling Induocd fu him by tho abrupt oloso of thu play in tho palnco hall. His flippant language used to Gmldcnstcrn tt reforeuco to tho Queen and her mosiage, fn tliq, scene that follows, is thus charged with q. bnloful significance. Certainly nut to the1; courtly spy sent to entrap him, of All inon, ' would Jlatnlct havo spokon scornfully of thq Queen, hi? mother, if tho vory durkest sur-; misefl were not present ia bis mind. Aud Ills', remark, "Wo shall obey, wero sho ton times our inothor," distinctly indicates biq, imvard resolve to reveal everything to her, tliore and then, and to tax hor plainly, to her face, ; with her damning guilt. Fired with thia re- j solve, iiu goes to tho closob and confronts tho Qucon alone. Tho very first word? ho speak?, ' parodying her own words, denote his thoughts nnd his intent, " Motbor, you bavo my father I much offended;" and, "Go, go j you question with a wicked tongue." Alurmud by IiIb wild manner und daggur-liko auswura, slm is filled with tho double terror that lis has discovered some criminating circumstances to conu&ocioiri; with the death of her first hu&afid;, of which she knows nothing and that he is bert on tnk/ higher lifo upon tho >ot as au accomplice; j both before and in tbo fact. " Whaftj wilt thou do? Thou wilt uot murder me?".1 Then follows the stabbing of Poloniu?, behind thu arras. AU aflame with passmnnto oxcito; .meat, he replies to his mother's horrified ex-, clnmniion, "What hast thou done 7" by tho startling question, "Is it the King !" But ib is only the poor old pedantic, prying chamber-: lain who ha? been thus summarily sent to his account. Then she, "Oh, what a rash and bloody deed is this I" As with a flash or revealing lightning that lays bare tho imnosli recesses of her soul, ho instantly retorts, "A bloody deed ; almost as bad, good mother, as ' kill a King and marry with bis brother." Hero the Imputation is couvoyed in tho mostdirecb term? ; the implication being that tho Queen ' herself war tho chief actor iu the inoustrons crime. Aud tho purposo of Hamlet in thus cltarging her homo with the criiuo' 1 plainly is to wring from her n con- ' fession of tho wholo infamous transaction With the rapidity of thought, and with all tlio ' illuminating power of the clestrio light in its -most dazzling effect, comes tho Qliotm's reply.; Tho simple echo of hor son's appalling words, delivered in n tone of thunderstruck nstouish- , mcnt.fiupplii'S the deciphering oraclo to the un-( paralleled situation. " As kill u King 1 " Her, heart evidently stand? still with paralysing j dread of what is to follow. The awful revela- ! ' tion sweeps down upon her soul, a? if the voiao ! of the aoousiog angel himself had uttered tho words. Siic know? it all now ! She had been, 1 then, an unconscious accomplico in her hns" baud's murder, and shohnd not ulouc condoned, , but rewarded the unpnrdonnblc sin by marry'.: ing tho murderer 1 It is a? if th very pit of hell had . suddenly becql opened to her agonised gaze. But amidst j the lurid glnstlincss of the vision j thus unexpectedly raised octnro uer ligimng j soul" there is discernible ono bright gleam of Bolnce nnd hojH?. Sho was not guilty of com- , plicity in the murder, and the visible agony j that shakes hor whole frame whilst sho echoed I tho dreadful indictment convoyed m her son's ; words, proves that she was innocent. . Intui- ) tively thi? consolatory truth is caught by. Hamlet. He reads her inmost soul, nnd she/ ' with equal penetration, divines his ultimate.; thought. Not ono direct word moro ou thoM horriblo thotno is spokou by either of them 1 1 but in tho dialogue that onsucs Hnmlot tacitly j assumes his uncle's guilt and his mother's in-i uoccnce. Tho ghost's nppcnranco breaks thej | colloquy, but confirms Hamlot'a final infer/ once ; and the exhortations ho addresses to liiaj v mother when the gho3t lias vanished have solo' reference to bcr guilty compliance with tiio will of the grossly sensual and murder-' ously villainous uncle. 1 Thus Interpreted, tho Oloset sccno become the crowning iioiut of tho dramn, and tho climax of the tragic evolution is reached in the : Queen's echoing exclnmntiou. It is also thd ! climax of tho world's tragio art. Never in any : drama written by n human pen— not even fri tbo " sweeping pall and sceptre " tragedies 0? . the ancient Greek drams itself— was there any- S: thing shown to parallel tbis pcerlcsa aud cou- - snmmatc effort of Shakspoaro's genius. Hera ! it ib indeed that, in Dr JohttRsn's beautilu language, our greatcso English dramatist has "exhausted worlds and then imagined new." Tho mind of man never did, nnd novcr can, es- . say a loftier flight. Tlio trcmondona sccno is illumined by tiroad lights from, tho super-! natural world, and thcuo reveal to ti?, notalono a visitant from that uuution world, but also ! Sh&kspcare;'s all but sui>eruatural knowledge of tho human heart and its most secret work- itiRi- - 