'rH ZEN' PIiRATE P V. WCLA.KE RUSSEILL, .Autbsr ist 'Tho Wrock of the -Gre venor,' -`"The t1~aLy Maud,, ' A Sailor's Sweet-. C IL.-(CoomsonxsE.) I cann to'you how:the very soul within mesahrank from putting to sea in the 11ittlo boat, .There was nolonger the support of,, the excitement and terror of escaping dromn a sinking vessel. a stood upon an a~lahd as solid as land, and the very sense of sec urity.,itplhparted rendered the boat an y ect of errr, and the obligation upon me 4oi'aunch itoyonder niightyspace as fright .il ca a sentce of death. Yet I could not but eonsid~r that it would be equally shock ing . to me to be locked up in this slowly runmbling body -of iico-nav, tenfold more shdcking, and 'that, if I had to choose betwee th boat and this hideous solitude •and s?are starvation, I would cheerfully accep fifty times over again the perils of a -iavigation m my:tiny ark. This re teeon comforted me somewhat, and 'whilst I tl mused I remained standing 'with my exyN)on the little group of fanciful .fsnes '5.i ' a- of ice on the edge of the .abi I iw- t had been too pre-occupied to. t?.znoti_; on a sudden I started, amazed by an appearance too exquisitely perfect to'be credible. The sun shone with a'.fine white frosty brilliance in the north east; some of these spikes and figures of ice z?efloeed ths radiance in several colours. In places where they were wind- swept of their snow and showed the naked ice, the hues were wondrously splendid, and, mingling upon the sight, formed a kind of airy, rain •bow-like veil that complicated the whole con gregatiohi of white shaft and many- tinctured spire; the marble column, the alabaster steeple into a confused but most surprisingly dainty and shining scene. .It was whilst looking at this that my eye traced, .a little distance beyond, the form of a wship's spars and rigging. Through the labyrinth of the ice outlines I clearly made out two masts, with two square yards on the foremast, the rigging perfect so far as it went, for the figuration showed no more than half the height of the masts, the lower parts 1 being apparently hidden behind the edge of the hollow. I have said that this coast to the north abounded in many groups of beautiful fantastic shapes, suggesting a great rariety of objects, as the forms of clouds do, but nothing perfect; but hero now was something in ice that could not have been mcompleter, more syrmuetrical, more faultlessly proportioned had it been the work of an artist. I walked close to it, and a little way o around so as' to obtain a clearer view, and then getting a fair sight of the appearance I halted again, transfixed with amazement. The fabric appeared as if formed of frosted glass. The masts had a good rake, and with a seaman's eye I took notice of the furniture, -bserving the shrouds, stays, backstays, braces to be perfect. Nay, as though the spirit artist of this fragile glittering pageant bad resolved to omit no detail to complete .the illusion, there stood a vane at the mast head, shining like a tongue of ice against the soft blue of the sky. Come, thought I, re covering from my wonder, there is more in this than it is possible for me to guess by i staring from a distance; so, striking my t pole into the snow, I made carefully towards * the edge of the hollow. The gradual unfolding of the picture pre- a pared my mind for what I could not see till 7 the brink was reached; then looking down, I beheld a schooner-rigged vessel lying in a sort of crale of ice, stern-on to the sea. A 1 -nan balkdl out with frozen snow, so as to t make his slmpe as great as ,a bear, leaned upon the rll with a slight upwards inclina- t tion of his head, as though he were in the r act of loo1 ng fully up to hail me. His posture w .'-°u more life-like than that of c the man ui?':- he rock, but his garment of r snow r ?'hi ;_ of tlhat reality of vitality which h : 1l me in the other, and the instant - i?x.na I knew him to be dead. i :He was 3nly figure visible. The whole body of th- vesel was frosted by the snow t into the asy aspect of the spars and I rigging, it d the sunshine striking down r made_. a bautiful prismatic picture of the .silent hip. She was p very old craft. The snow ht-d moulded itself upon her and enlarged with t a spoiling her form. I found her age in the a structure of her bows, the headboards of -which curioed very low round to the top of the stem, forming a kind of well there, the afterpart of which was framed by the fore castle bulkhead, after the fashion of ship building in vogue in the reign of Anne and I ,the first two Georges. Her topmasts were a standing, but her jibboom was rigged in. I ,could find no other evidence of her people -having snugged her for these winter quarters, in which she had been manifestly lying for years and years. I traced the outlines of six I small cannons covered with snow, but resting with clean-sculptured forms in their white .coats.; a considerable piece of ordnance aft, .and- several petararoes or swivel-pieces upon the .after-bulwark rails. Gaffs and booms were in their places, and the sails furledupont rthem. The figuration of the main hatch showed a small square, and there was a com panian or hatch- cover abaft the. mainmast.. 'There was no trace of a boat. She had a fRush or level deck from the well in the bows to a-fathpin or so past the main-shrouds; it. was then broken by -a short poop-deck, -hich w4nt .in a great spring or rise to the stern, that was after the pink style, very marrow i nd tall. Thongts' I write this description coldly, let it riot supposed that I was not violently Iagitated ud'astonished almost into the belief t hat, wht I beheld was a mere vision-a phenomenon. The sight of the body I Sxaniined did didnot nearly so greatly astound \- mas the spectacle of this ice-looked schooner. it was easy to account for.the presence of a dead man. ; My own situation, indeed, sufficiently solved the riddle of that corpso. B·at the ship', perfect in all respects, was like a stroke of magic. She lay with a slight list 'or inclinatiofa to larboard, but on the whole tol b right, owing to the corpulence of 1er ile. The hollow or ravine that formed her bdwent with a sharp incline under her stern the sea, which was visiMble from the top of the cliffs here through the split in the rocs. The shelving of the ice put the wash ot the cean at a distance of a few hundred feet the schooner; but I calculated that Sthe v l's actual elo-titon above the water l ?ine, posg you to measure it withll a p i'p aud down, did not exceed twenty Smuel, the hollow in which she Sabove twenty feet deep. ery evident that the shooner had is no by gotembayed in this ice when it to te southward, andhad in course of ,tm been built up in it by floating For how old the ice about the poles mes who can tell ? In those sunless wor e frozen continents may well possess the uity of the land. And who shall iaea monarch who filled tile throne of when this vast field broke away from the ia and started on its stealthy naviga awards ? TiX?Ern IX.--I Loss xY BOAT. I erd, I daresay, asovo twenty ; contoImp ting this ingular crystal i ship,and considering whether I down to her and ransack her for might answer my turn. But sho y secret under her white garb, r was something so terribleo in the Sthe motionless snow-clad sentinel sod upon the rail, that my Iheart and very easily persaided myself ht, first, it would take me longer 1? ?nd search her than it was proper -.. away from tlhe boat; thalt, ;e,- acaroo to be supposed her crow provisions in her, or that, if mcre, they wouhl lie fit to neat; \- - .usly, my boat was o simiall it ras to put into her the mostt ili matter thalmt was not essential to the ration of my life. uctu ding to have nothing to do with ti 'i parklinkg fabric, I started for the o i- the rook, isnd, witl solos pain \- d ,,'ing, the ie behing very jagged, am iundooeitful to the tread,. arrivcs) 5y5iL 51seesV~(~Ii flssqi55mtn L lstbesiee ulo. ss0;~dr Nothing but the desire to possess the fine warm cloak could have tempted me to handle or even to cast my'eyo upon the dead man again. I found myself more soared by him now than at first. His attitude was so lifo like that, though I knew him to be a corpse, had he risen on a sudden the surprise of it could hardly have shocked me more than the astonishment his posture raised. As a skeleton he could not have so chilled and awed me; but so well preserved was his flesh by the cold, that it was hard to persuade myself he was not breathing, and that, though he feigned to be gazing downwards, he was not secretly observing me. His beard was frozen as hard as a bush, and it crackled unpleasantly to the movement of my hands, which I was obliged to force under it to unhook the silver chain that con fined the cloak about his neck. I felt like a thief, and stole a glance over either shoulder, as though, forsooth, some strangely-clad companion of his should be creeping upon me unawares. Then, thought I, since I have the cloak I may as welltake the watch, flask, and tobacco-box, as I had before resolved; and so I dipped my hand into his pockets, and without another glance at his fierce, still ace made for the boat. I now noticed for the first time, so over whelmingly had my discoveries occupied my attention, that the wind had freshened ,and iseps blowing briskly and piercingly. When I had first started upon the ascent of the slope, the wind had merely wrinkled the swell as the large bodies ran; but those wrinkles had become little seas, which flashed into foam after a short race, and the whole surface of the ocean was a brilliant blue tremble. I came to a halt to view the north-. east sky before the brow of the rocks hid it, and saw that clouds were congregating there, and some of them blowing up to where the sun hung, these resembling in shape and colour the compact puff of the first discharge of a cannon before the smoke spreads on the, air. What should I do.? I sank into .a 1 miserable perplexity. If it was.going to. blow what good could attend my departure from this island? It was an adverse wind,:. and' when it freshened I could not choose but run before it, and that would drive me clean away from the direction I required to steer in. Yet if I was to wait upon the weather,' for how long should I be kept a prisoner in this horrid place? True, a southerly, wind might spring up to-morrow, butit might be otherwise, or come in a hard:gale; and if I faltered now I might go'on hesitating, and then my provisions would give out, anid God alone knows how it would end with -me. Besides, the presence of the two bodies made the island fearful to my imagination, and nature clamoured in me to be.gone, a sum mons my judgment could not resist; forxeason often misleads, but instincts never. - I fell again to my downward march and looked towards my boat-that is to say, I f looked towards the part of the ice where the little haven in which she lay had been, and I found both boat and haven gone ! t I rubbed my eyes and stared again. Tush, thought I, Iam deceived by the ice. I a glanced at the slope behind to keep me to my bearings, and once more sought the -haven ; but the rock- that had formed it was .gone, the blue swell rolled brimming past the line of. shore there, and my eye, following :the swing of a fold,'I'saw the boat' about three cables length distant out' upon the water, swinngng steadily away into the south, and show and disappearing with the heave. The dead man's cloak fell from my arm; I uttered a cry of anguish; Iclasped myhands and lifted them to God, and looked up to Him.' I was for kicking off my boots and plunging into the water, but, mad as I was, I I was not so mad as that; and mad I should I have been to attempt it, for I could not swim twenty strokes, and had I been the stoutest a swimmer that ever breasted the salt spray, the cold must speedily put. an end to my misery. ' ' What was to be done ? Nothing ! I could I only look idly at the receding boat ' with t reeling brain. The full blast of the wind was upon her, and helping the driving action b of.~e billows. ' I perceived that she was b iirrcoverable, and yet I stood watching, a watching, watching! my head burning with r the surgings of twenty impracticable schemes. s I cast myself down and wept, stood up r afresh and looked sit the boat, then cried to i God for help and mercy, bringing my hands I to my throbbing temples, and in that posture t straining my eyes at the fast. vanishing y structure.' She was theonly hope Ihad-my sole chance. My little stock of provisions c was in her-oh, what was I to do . ' 0 Though I was at 'some distance from the place where what I have called'my haven a had been, there was . no need for me' to approach, it to understand how my mis- t fortune .had come about. It was likely 1 enough that the very crevice in which' I had: I jammed the mast to secure the boat bywas a c deep crack that the increased swell had wholly split, 'so that the 'mast had tumbled when the rock floated away and liberated the boat. The horror that this white and frightful scene of desolation had at the beginning filled 0 me with, was renewed with such violence a when I saw that my boat was-lost, and Iwas r to be a prisoner on the death-haunted': waste, that I fell down in a sort of swoon, like one' partly stunned, and had any person come along and seen, me, he would have thought. me as dead as the. body on the hill or the corpse that kept its dismal look-out from the deck of the schooner. - ' -. ' My senses presently returning,' I got up, and, the rock upon which I stood being level, I fell to pacing it with- my hands locked be hind me, my head sunk, lost in thought. The wind was steadily freshening.; it split with a howling noise upon '.the ice-crags. and un equal surfaces, and spun with a hollow note' past my ear; and the thunder of the breakers' on the other side of the island was deepening, its tone. The sea was lifting and whitening ; something of mistiness hailgrown up over the horizon, that mado.a blue dulness of 'the junction of the elements theorn ; but though a few clouds out of the collection of 'vapour in the north-east had floated to the zenith and were sailing down to the south-west heaven, the azure remained pure and the sun very frostily white and sparkling. I am writing a strange story with' the utmostenandour, and trust that the reader 'will not judge me severely for my confession of weakness, or consider me as wanting' in the stuff out of which the hardy seaman is made, for ownling to having shed tears and, booeen stunned by the. loss of my little boat and slender stockof food. You will say, 'It is not in the power of tile dead to hurt a man; what minore pitiful and harmless than a poor unburied corpse?' I annswer, 'Trut,' and declare that of the two bodies, as dead men, I was not afraid; but this mass'of frozen solitude was about them, and they took a frightful character from it; theycommuni cated an element of death to the desola tion of the snow-clad island; their presence made a principality of it for the souls of dead sailors, and into their lifelike stillness it put its own supernatural spirit of loneliness; so that to my imagination, disordered by suffering and cxposure, this melanchloly region appeared a scene without parallel on the face of the globe, a place of doom and madncess, as dread:lful and wild as the highest mood of the poet could reach up to. By this time the boat was out of sight. I looked hnd looked, but she was gone. Then came my good angel to my help and put some courago into me. After all.' though I, 'what do I dread ? Death l It can but come t,, that. It is not long ago' that Captain Rosy cried to me, " A Imani can die ba or¢. e'll not perish f/e qticrkear for o I templatling his end wit/uh a stout heasr." He that so spoko is dead. The worst is over for Shim. oe he a babe resting upon 'his mother's breast he could not sleep more sosundly, be mnore tenderly lulled, nor be Sfreer from such anguish as now afflicts 'me rwho cling; to lifo, as if this--this,' I cried, Sloooking around mo, 'were a paradise of warmth and beauty. I must be a mns, ask SGod for courage to meet whlatever may betldo, iand stoutly endure what cannot be ovaded.' io not anide at tice eunplo thoug?tsu of a poor eantaway sailor. I hold themn still to be good reasoning, andil hald y insh beein as strons as my spirit they had availed, I don't doubt. lBut I was chilled to the mnsrrow; the more knowing that there was nothing to eat sharpened my appetite, and I fi6 aii if I Shad not tasted food for a- woeeko ;and cqre' 'then" were phydicial oondithfOns~ihtihi htoo' ruinously into' philosophy: and staggered religious trust. My mind went to the schooner, yet I felt; an extraordinary recoil within me when I thought of seeking an asylum in her. I had, the figure of her before my fancy,,viowed the form of the man on her deck, and the idea. of penetrating her dark. interior and seeking shelter in a fabric that time and frost and death had wrought into a black mystery was. dreadful to me. Nor was this all. It seemed. like the very last expression of despair to board that stirless frame; to make a dwel ling-place, without prospect of deliverance, in that hollow of ice; to become in one sense as ddued as her lonely mariner, yet preserve all the sensibility of the living to'a condition he was as unconscious of as. the ice that enelosed him. It must be done nevertheless, thought:I: I shall certainly perish from exposure if I linger here; besides, how do I know but that I may discover in that ship some means of escaping from the island ? Assuredly there. was plenty of material in her for the building of a beat, if I could meet with tools. Or possibly I might find a boat under hatches, for it was common for vessels of her class and in her time to stow their pinnaces in the hold, and, when the necessity for using them arose, to hoist them out and tow them astern. These reflections somewhat heartened" me, and also let me add that the steady mounting of the wing into a small gale served to reconcile me, hot indeed to the loss of my boat,' but to my detention; for though there might be a miserable languishing end for mo hero,'I could not but believe that there was certain death, too, out there in that high swell and in those sharpening peaks of water off whoseo foaming heads the. wind was blowing the' spray. By which I mean the boat could not have played in such a wind ; she must have, run, and by running have carried me into the stormier regions pf the south, where, even if she had lived, I riust speedily have starved for victuals and perished of cold. H_ ope 'lives. like , a spark: amid,:the vcry. blackest embers of despondency. , Twenty, minutes before T had. awakened from a ,esort of swoon and was overwhelmed with misery; and now here was I talhng a collected 'view of my situation, even to the extent of being willing to believe that on the whole it. was perhaps as well that I should have been hindered from putting to sea in my little egg shell. So at every step we rebel at the shadowy conducting of the hand of God; yet .from every stage wearrive at we ,look back and know the road we have travelled to be ' the right one, though we start afresh mutinously.. Lord, what patience . hast Thou . * I turned my back upon the clamorous ocean and started. to ascenid the slope once moreo: When I reached'the brow of 'the cliffs I observed, that. the' clouds 'had lost" their fleeciness and taken, a slatish tinge, 'were moving fast and crowding up. the. sky, inso much that the sun was leaping from one edge to another and darting a keen and frosty light upon the scene. The wind was bitterly cold, and screamed shrillyin my ears when I ?met the full tide of it. The change was sudden, I but' it did not surprise me. 4I knew 'these seas, and that our English April is not more capricious than: the weather in them, only that here the sunny smile, though sparkling, I is frostier than the kiss of.death, and brief as the flight of a musket-ball, whilst the frowns I are black, savage and lasting. . I bore the dead main's cloak on myarm and helped 'myself along with the oar, and presently arrived at the. brink of the slope in whose hollow lay the ship as in a cup. The wind made a noisy howling in her rigging, I but the tackling was frozen so iron hard that not a rope stirred, and the vane at the mast head was as motionless as any of the adjacent steeples or pillars of ice. My heart was dis- I mayed again by the figure of the man. He was more dreadful than the other because of 1 the size to which the frozen snow upon his head, tr~ t and limbs had swelled him; and the half- rise of his face was particularly startling, as if he were in the act of running his gaze softly upwards. That ho' should Y have died in that easy leaning posture' was strange; .however, I supposed, and .no doubt '1 rightly, that he had been seized with ' a sudden faintness, and had leaned upon the rail and so expired.' The cold would quickly i make him rigid and likewise preserve him, and thus he might have been leaning,' con templating the iea of the cliffs, for years and years r . ' r Awild and dreadful thing for one in my condition to light on and boe forced to think '1 of! t My.heart, as I have said, sank in mo again at the sight of him, and fear and awe and superstition so worked upon my spirits that I stood irresolute, and would have gone back had'there been any place to return to. I plucked up after a little, and, rolling up the cloak into a compact bundie, flung it with all my strength to tho vessel, and it fell cleverly just within the rail., Then, gripping the oar I started on the descent. .. .. . 1 .The depth was.not great nor the declivity sharp; but the surface was formed of.,blocks of ice, like the collections of big stones you sometimes encounter on the sides of mountains I near the bdso'; '"id Iliad again and again to i fetch'a compass so as to gain a smaller 'block down which to drop; till I was close to the I vessel, and here; the snow had piled, and 1 .frozen into a smooth face. The ship lay with a list or. inclination' to' larboard. :I-had- come down to her on her starboard side.. -She had small channels with long plates, but her list, on my side, hove them somoewhat'high, beyond my reach, and 'I perceived'that to get aboard I must'seek an entiauce on the larboardhand; This was not hard to arrive at ; indeed,' I had" but to walk 'round her, , under her bows.: She was so coated w.ith hard snow I could see' nothing of her ,tinbers,; and was 'therefore 'unable to guess at the condition of her hull. 'She had a most absurd swelling bilge, and her buttocks,. viewed on,a line with her.' rudder, 'doubtless presented the exact appearance of an apple. 'Shio was sunk' in snow to :some planks above the garboard-streak, but her lines ',forwadd :.were fine, making' 'her almost wedge-sliaped,' though the 'flair of her bows was great, so that she swelled up like a balloon to the oathoads. She had some thing of the look of the barca-longers of half a century ago-tchat is, half a century ago from the dats of my adventure-but that which in sober truth a man would have taken her to' be was a vessel formed of snow, sparred and rigged with glass-like frosted ice, the artistic caprice of the genius or spirit of this white and melancholy scene, who, to complete the mocking illusion, had fashioned the figure of a man to stand on deck, ivith it human face toghlenoed into an idle eternal contemplation. Un the larboard hand tono se pressed close against the vessel's side, some pieces rising to thle height of her wash-streak. The face.of the hollow was precipitous hero, full of cracks and flaws and sharp projections. "In deed, had the breadth of thie island been as it was at the extremity I might have counted upon the first violent commotion. of the sea snapping this part of the ice, and convertisig the northernm part of the body into a sepriete berg. I climbed without difficulty into the foro chains, the snow being so hard that my feet and hands mide not the least impression on it, and samewhat warily-feel'ng shs govern ment of a peculiar awe, mounting into a sort of terror indeed-stood awhile peering over the rail of the bulwarks; then entered the ship. Iran my eyes swiftly here and there, for indeed I did not know what might steel or leap into view. Let it bo lememberedl tlharl I was a sailor, with the superstitious feelings of my calling iin me, and though I do not know that I actually believed in ghosts and apparitions and spectrums, yet I felt as if I did; particularly upon tihe deck of this silent ship, rendered spirit-like by the grave of ice in which sie lay uand by the long years (as I could not doubt) during which she had tins rested. Hence, when I slipped off the bulwark on to the dock and viewed the glhastly, white, lonely scene, I felt for 'the mnoment as if this strangeo discovery of mine was not to be exhausted of its wonders and terrors by the moro orietenoo of the ship-in otlher words, that I nmust expect something of ithe supornatural to eater into tlhit oy p napulclre, and be prepared for sights nloro marvelloss and terrifying than frozon corpease. . 'Bo. I stood- looking forward ad aft Tory a htly, and lin a way I deresay thiat 4 apso ' iit'i.'would hdvb thought laughable enouseh; nor was mn imagination soothed by the clear; harping, rnsing sounds of tho'wind'seething, through te rzen rigging where the maste rose above the shelter of the sides of the hollow. Presently, getting the better of my per turbation, I walked aft, and, stepping on the. poop-dcck, fell to an examination of the com-: pamon or covering of the after-hatch, which,: as I have elsewhere said, was covered with: snow. c ae.) (to 1119 CONTINUUM) 