AN AUSTRALIAN COMEDIAN. MB. H. R, HARWOOD. I That celebrated "drameitio li_t," in whioh Poloniua set for th the merita of the players whom he recom mended to My Lord Hamlet, might be thought to have no little application to the exoellent aotor whose likeness we give this week. Mr. Harwood, thongh latterly exercising his talents within stricter limits, has, in fact, been distinguished in a very wide range of impersonations. In many, he oan eoaroely be said to have an equal on the Aus tralian atage. The grotesque seriousness of manner whioh he oan asaumo renders him perfect in certain departments of comedy. Whenever he has had to interpret a oharaoter whioh has admitted of treat* : ment of that sort he has really made it his own. But he haa been singularly effeotivo in an infinite variety of comió parta besides, and has figured with more than ordinary orodit in Berions ones as well, his effortB in the latter direotion comprising not a few notable illustrations of Shakespearian tragedy. For inatanoe, hie Ghost, his Richmond, and his MaodufE may be mentioned as thoroughly legitimate performances. And even the amall part of the physioian in " Maobeth " will not have been forgotten by thoße who saw Harwood aaeume it in Melbourne, on the memorable occasion of the gréa*; ßistori'a appearance aa Lady Maobeth in the sleep walking soene. When the olassio English oomedies need to be regularly produced in thia country Mr. Harwood, too, waa found conspicuously to tho fore, and proved a worthy colleague of suoh fine oomedians as the late G. H. Rogers and J. C. Lambert. Sir Oliver Surface in " The Sohool for Scandal," and David in " The Rivals," were among the oharaoters in wbioh he waa always looked for in those days Mr. Harwood was horn in London, and arrived in . Australia early in the fifties. H ia debut took place in Sydney, moro than thirty years ago. Thia was during G. V. Brooke's first eeaaon here. It may be worth while to note that Mr. Harwood's oarly professional experienoea inoluded-aa, by-the-by, did Ithose of the peerless , tragedian, Edmund Kean-a praotioal acquaintance with oirous life. He was for some time a prominent member of Mr. G. B. W. Lewis's equestrian troupe. Manya droll reminiscence of that portion ot his carear haa been suggested in the acting of the popular comedian. However, having ehakon tho B iwdust from his feet, ho acoopted an engagement from Brooke in Melbourne. Since then he has boon almost oon Btantly identified with tho theatrical history of ¡ Australia, and aaaooiated, either as aotor or managor, with nearly ovory omincnt porformor '? who haa visited those colonies. For about ten years he waa one of the lessees of tho Theatre Royal, Melbourne. Meanwhile, he oontinuod to work hard and suoaeaafully on the boards; The ?'. Bouoioault dramas afforded him some good opportu nities for increasing bia reputation. He was tho original Australian Feony in " Arralr-na-Poguoj" Mo. Davie in "Tho Flying Scud," and Sam. Boker in "Formosa;" and he made an immonso hit in eaoh. He Boorod brilliantly in burlesque ; and, with a power whioh .occasionally recalled that of the famous EngliBh actor, Robson, he could ab ono momont be extravagantly humor ous, and tragically anggostivo the next. Re tiring in 1877, ho Bottled down as heat of the Oxford Hotel, Sydney ; bnt ho eoon returned to his firBt love. It ia not neooBPary to make moro than a passing allusion to. Mr. Harwood's later perform ances in comic opora and faroioal oomedy. Hia Duke in "Tambour Major," and that equally funny poten tate whom he dopi tod in " L_ MaaoottO," aro com paratively freah in tho rooollootion- of ali playgoers. Still frosh aro his Uuolo Cuttormolo in " The Private Seoretary," and hia Gregory Grnmbleton in "Tho Piokpooket." His recent appearanoo in Sydney hap pily oonvoyed tohianumorouaadmirerBtho gratifying aaauranoo that ho waa quito likely to add to the pretty extenaivo oollootion of portraits whioh ho had already furnished for their entertainment-a good many more of tho aamo quality. 