WALLAROO V. MOONTA. The return match between these clubs was played on Saturday last on the ground of the former. The visitors arrived shortly after 2.30, and the coin was immediately spun. Fortune favoring the Moonta skipper, the home team was sent to the wickets, Farmer and Tomlin donning the pads. Causby, from the south end, opened to the former, and succeeded in getting his third ball past. Hiscock's appearance caused runs to come freely, when Tomlin succumbed to Causby, who was putting in a good balL Herbert's association with Hiscock brought the total to 40, when a good one from Wilkinson disposed of the former, after playing a nice innings for 11. including a big hit out of the ground. Seeley was the only other man to get double figures, although Snook's was a nice game. The innings totalled 98. Hiscock's 53 was made by very correct cricket, his hitting being clean all round the wicket, I.ut not at all hard. He gave an easy chance behind the sticks, which was not accepted. Causby. after clean bowling him, disposed of tbe remaining three with three consecutive halls, thus beating the hat trick. Parkes and Wilkinson went in to commence the task of wiping off the required number, but a f ter getting 3, the former was unfortunately run out, Wilkinson contributed 7, and Francis and "Causby soon left. Four wicket* down for 15, when 'Lewis and Roach began t> make things lively. Frequent changes were made m the bowling with no effect, each batsman hitting out with great vigour. Donnell went on with • slows and Boach made some sensational hits, including one out ef the ground, 21 being scored off the over. Lewis was at length given out l.b.w. to Tomlin. This innings of 37 was a very good peiformance, tbe hitting being clean and hard, and not giving a ghost of a chance. After Learmond left there were four wickets to fall and a few runs to get. Three went for nothing, and the score was brought within 2. where, unfortunately for the visitors, it remained. Roach was well set, and might have made more, but in his eagerness to pile on runs by big hits he lost his wicket. The game resulted in a win for thtf seasiders, their first for the season. It was very close and exceptionally interesting. The fielding on each side .was >ery fair, and the wicket, which improbably the best in the district played well, and is evidently well cared for. Messrs Keats and Chappell carried out the duties of umpire. The following are the scores:— WALLAROO- Farmer, b CAusby Tomlin, b Causby Hiscox, b Causby Herbert, b Wilkinson Donnell, c Learmond, b Lewis Snook, b Lewis .. Seeley, c Harris, b Roach Keeling, not out O'Loughlin, b Causby Harman, b Causby Kiely, b Causby Sundries Total MOONTA. J. Parkes, ran out Wilkinson, b Tomlin Francis, b Hiscock Causby, b Tomlin Lewis, lb.w.. b Tomlin Roach, b Kiely Learmond, c Seeley, b Tomlin Cocking, run out - Harris, b Kiely Hill, not out Murphy, Lb.w., to Kiely Sundries Total 0 8 53 11 7 7 10 3 0 4 98 3 7 0 4 37 35 5 0 . 1 . 0 . 4 . 96 