THE DEATH SHIP:' A STRANGE STORY; as account of a cruise in the flyin« dutchman, collected from the papers OF THE late MR geoffrey fenton, op POPLAR, master mariner. By W. Clare Russell, Anthor c( 'Ike Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Golden Hope,' etc. Chapter VI.— The Captain Speaks Again of the Death Ship. I had the first watch on the night of the day on which we left Table Bay ; that ! from eight till midnight ; and at two bells— nine o'clock— I was quietly pacing the deck iuu oi iacoies struck into me by tbe beauty of the stars, among which over the starboard yard arms bung the Southern Crosa, shining purely, and by the mild glory of the moon, that, short of a day or two of being full, taissil down a keen light that bad a bint of todoees in it, when Captain Skevington Came out of the cabin, and stepping up to tee siood aminnte without speaking, gazing earnestly right around the sea-crole. There was a small wind blowing, and the ship, under full sail, was softly pushing toathwards with a pleasant noise as of the p aying of fountains coming from the direc tion of her bows. ' A quiet night, Fenton,' said the Captain, Presently. 1 Aye, fir ; quiet Indeed. There's been a email ehow of lightning away down in the Se fTt"' "e hangs steady, hot a ' The Bort of night for meeting with the Demon Ship, eh, Fenton !' cried he, with a that did not sound perfectly natural. There's no chance of sooh a meeting, I fear, sir.' 1 You fear V M! exclaimed, struck by his quick catching op of me, I mean that as the anion Ship, as you term her, is one of the wonders of the world, the seeing of her WOGlfl nfi e m!li _ Ait — a wjjyuiy experience — sometning g enough in that way to keep a m an talk- tog abont if all his life 1 iiw« l-aT,er sac a meeting .1' said be, the efare 8 aDd tnrn'n8 P kis face to bought I, that our drawing' tmu, « J BeRB n which the Phantom afresh rre P superstitions fears: awiyo BP8ab t0 anyone at Cape Town ?StJerdeoken,sir?'saidI. full frA ®, fln>wcred. ' I had got my hel'y-' of the «" What is shipT£ter oterB kave lately sighted the tKWnf' JS. mlght have inquired ye whst n?1 1 n,fc flater ®F T®1,» our ohat tSifS, jenton a Su remember ovfilid ai2?Ik!fty aboQl bodieB bdn8 the lew/ „. . ey pBBa an age, when fay 'Perfpft« a|.natDre beY skonld die?' weU, bit.' fsw be» 1 was in company onmlius 6 where there was one yeus old k prBEent» person ninety-one wlties wl wand in all his Wioil48i8ht- pi"olD«. his hearing Ww i DoTbK t L00 8' and 80 forth. He "fffUCTrrif"'' h" rlri"""" "" t eptci<u »rr ,uj(c,uie j a with lbs author coloured by the hue cf the flag flping at Cape Castle; I mean he would take the King of Great Britain and the Sfcates- Ganerai as they cams When he left we talked of him, nd this led as to argae about old age. One gentleman said he did ; not know bnt that it was possible for a man to live to a hundred and fifty, and said there were instances of it. 1 replied. Not out of the Bible," where the reckoning was not ours. He answered, V Yes, out of the Bible and going to a bookshelf, pulled down a volume, and read a score of names of men with their ages attached. I looked at the book and saw it was honestly written, and being struck by this collection of extra ordinary examples, begged the gentleman's son who was present to copy the list out for me, which he was'so obliging as to do. I have In it my pocket,' said he ; and he pulled on t a sheet of paper, and then going. to the hatch he called to the boy to bring a lamp on deck. _ This was done, the lamp put on the sky- light.;and patting the paper close to it, the captain read as follows ; — Thomas Parr, of Shropshire, died 16th November, 1635, aged one hundred and fifty-two ; Henry Jenkins; of Yorkshire, died 8th December, 1670, aged one hundred and sixty-nine ; James Sands, of Staffordshire, died 1770, aged one hundred and forty ; Louisa Truxo. a negress is South America, was living in 1780, and her age was then one hundred and seventy-five. X burst into a laugh, He smiled too and said, 'Herein this list are thirty, one names, the highest being that ncgress, and the lowest one Susannah Hilliar, of Piddingion, Northamptonshire, who died 19th February, 1781, sged one hundred. The yonng gentle man who copied them said they were all honestly vouched for, and wrote down a list of ths authorities, which-,' said he, peering, and bringing the paper closer to his eyes, 'consist of 41 Fuller's Worthies" "Philo sophical Transact ions," "Derham'a Physico Theology," several newspapers, such as tbe "Morning Post," "Daily Advertiser," "London Chronicle," and a number of inscriptions.' I could have been tolerably sarcastic, 1 daresay, when he mentioned the authority of the newspapers, always understanding that those sheets flourish mainly on lies, and I could have laughed again had I not been restrained by the sense that Captain Skevington was clearly 'bitten' on this subject, actually worried by it, indeed, to such lengths, that if he did not mind his eye it might presently push into a delusion, and earn him the disconcerting reputation of being a madman ; so I thought I wonld talk gravely, and said, ' May I ask, sir, why you should have been at the pains to collect that evidence In your hand about old age?' ' A mere humour,' said he, lightly, putting the paper away,1 though I don't mind owning it wonld prodigiously gratify me if I ooold be the Instrument of proving that men can overstep the bounds of natural life by as many years again, and yet possess their own sonls and ba as true to their Original as they were when hearty young fellows, flashed with the summer colours of life.' Some fine rhymes earning into my head, I exclaimed : Cowley has settled that point, I thick, when he says : — " To thing- i<rmorU! time ran do no wror g, And tb»t which nev.r Is to die far ever must be young." ' A noble fancy indeed !' or led the captain. He refleoted a little, and said, ' It would make a great noise among sailors, and perhaps all men, to prove that tbe mariners who man the Death Ship are not ghosts and phantoms as has been surmised, but survivors of a crew, men who have outlived their fellows, and are now extremely anoieot, as these and scores of others who have passed away unnoticed have been,' said he, touching bis pocket where the paper was, ' When, 6ir, did Yanderdecken sail from Batavia?' I asked. ' I have always understood about e year 1650,' he replied. Then,' said I, calculating, ' suppose the average age of the crew to have been thirty when tbe ourse was uttered — we'll name that figure for the sake of argument — in the present year of our Lord they will have attained the age of hard upon one hundred and eighty.1' 'Well?' said he, inquiringly, as though there was yet food for argument. I shook my head. 'Then,' he cried, with heat, 'they are endeviUed, for it must be one of two things. They oan't be dead men as the corpse in the grave ir dead. ' One conld only judge by seeing with one's eyes,' arid I. 'I hope that won't happen,' he ezolaimed, taking a hasty torn ; ' though I don't know. —I don't know ! A something here/ pressing his brow, ' weighs down nppn me like a warning. I have struggled to get rid of the fsney ; bat oar being abased by the Dntoh- man shows that we did not meet that Plymouth snow for nothing ; and, by the thander of Heaven, Fenton, I fear— I fear one next boat will be with the Speotre' Hie .manner, bis words, a gleam in hi® eye, to which the lantern lent no sparkle, sent a tremor through me. He oaused me 1 to fear him for a rJnnte as one who talked ' with certainty of futurity through stress of prophetic craze. The yellow beams of tht lantern dispersed a narrow circle of lustre, aud io it cur figures showed bkok, each with , two shadows swaying at hi? feet from the commingling of the lampFght and tbe moon shine. The soft air Btirred in the rigging like the rustle of the pinions of invisible night-birds on the wing ; ah was silent and in darkness along the deoks, save where stood the figure of the helmsman jut before the little round. honee, outlined by the flsmes of the binnacle lamp ; the stillness, unbrc ken to the farthest corners of the mighty plain of ocean, seemed as though it were some mysterious spell wrought by the stars, so high it went, even (so one might say) as a sensible presence to the busy trembling faces of those silver worlds. Chapter VII. — I Converse: with the F hip's Carpenter about the Death Ship. And now for six days it veritably seemed SB if we were to be transformed into the marine phantom that, unsubstantial as she might be, yetTay with the heaviness of lead upon Captain Skevington ; for, being on tbe parallel of Agulhas, a little to tbe south of that latitude, and in about sixteen degrees west longitude, it oame on to blow fresh from the sooth east, hardening after twenty- four hours into a whole gale with frequent and violent gonB, and a veering of it easterly ; and this continued, with a lull of an. hour or two's duration, for six days, bb I have said. 'Twas a taeta of Cape weather strong enough to last a msn a lifetime. The sea lay shrouded to within a musket- shot by a vapour of slatish hoe that looked to stand motion less, and past the walls and along the roof of thiB wild, dismal, cloud-formed chamber, with its floor of vaults and frothing brows, the wind swept raying, raising a terrible lead.ooloured sea, with heads which Eeemed to rear to the height of cur maintop, where they broke, and boiled like a cauldron with foam, great masses of which the hands. of ths gale caught up and hurled, eo that the lashing of the spray was often like a blinding snowstorm, but so smarting that the wind was as if charged with javelins. We lay to under a storm staysail with topgaliantmaBts attack, yards on deok and the lower yards stowed on the rail, the hatches battened down and everything as sung as good seamanship could provide. Our deoks were constantly full of water ; by one great sea that fell over into the waist there were drowned no less than six of the sheep we had taken in at the Cape, with a hog and many fowls ; the carpenter's leg was broken by a fail, and an able seaman Was deeply gashed in the face by being thrown against a scuttle-butt ; 'twas impossible to get any food eooked, and throughout that week we subsisted on biscuit, cheese, and such dry and lean fare as did not need dressing. In short, I could fill a chapter with our sufferings and anxieties during that period. But on the eixth day the gale broke, leaving Gur ship considerably strained ; by which time, in spite of tbe current and the send of tbe sea, we had contrived to make forty miles of southing and easting, owing to our pertinacity in making sail and stretching away on a board at every lull. I? was shortly after this, on the Tuesday following the Friday on which the gale ended, that, it feeing my watch on deck from eight o'clock in tbe evening till midnight, I carried my pipe, an hoar before my turn arrived, into the carpenter's cabin, which he shared with tbe boatswain, to give the poor fellow a bit of my company, for his broken leg kept him motionless. It was the second dog-watoh, as ws term the time 'twixt six and eight o'clock at Bea, the evening in differently fine, the wind over tbe starboard quarter, a quiet breeze, the ocean heaving in a lazy swell from the eontb, and the Bhip pushing forward at five knots an hour under fore and main royals. The carpenter lay In a bunk, wearing a haggard face, and grizzly for lack of the razor. He was a very sensible, sober man, a good artificer, and had served nnder Lord Howe in the fleet equipped for tbe relief of Gibraltar, besides having seen a deal of cruising work in earlier traps. He was much obliged by my looking in upon him, and we speedily fell to yarning ; he lighted a pipe, and I smoked likewise, whilst I sat upon his- chest, taking in with a half-look round such details as a rude sketch of the bols'n s wife nailed to the bulkhead, the slush-lamp swinging its dingy smoking flame to a cracked piece of looking-glass over against the carpenter's bed, an ancient horny copy of the Bible, with type pretty nigh as big as tbe letters of our ship's name, a bit of a shelf wherefrom there forked cut the stems of some clay pipes, with other humble, furniture such as a»sai!or is used to carry to sea with him. After a little, the carpeater, whose name was Matthews, says to me, 'I beg pardon, eir, but there's some talk going about among .the men concerning the old Dutchman that was cursed last centory. My mate. Joe Marner, told me that Jimmy — meaning the cabin-boy — was telling some of the orew this morning that be beard the captain say the Dutchman's been sighted.' ' By anyone aboard ns ?' I asked Mebbe, sir, bot I didn't understand that.' Now, as every hour was carrying us further to the eastward ot the Gape, away from the Phantom's cruising ground, and as, more over, the leaving gossip to make Its own way would surely in the end prove n?ore terrifying to the nervous and superstitious on board than speaking the truth, I resolved to tell Matthews how the matter stood, and with that acquainted him with what the master of the snow had told Captain Skevington. He looked very grave, and withdrew his pipe from his lips, and I noticed he did not efter to light the tobocoo afresh. 1 I'm sorry to hear this, sir,' says ha. Bui/ said I, ' what has the lovely Nkaey's meeting with t;he Dutchman got to do wtb ns?' ' Only this, sir,' ha exclaimed with his face yet more clouded, and speaking in a low voice, as one might in a sacred buildirg, I never yet knew cr heard of a ship report iag to another cf having met the Dutchman without that other a-meetiug of the GhcBi, too, afore she ended. her voyage.' ' If that be so,1 , 1 cried, hot liking fo hear this, for Matthews hacLbean to sea for thirty- five years, and he how spoke with too much emotion not to effect me, 'for God's sske don't make your thoughts known to the crew, and least of all to the captain, who is already so uneasy on this head that when he mentions it be talks as if his mind were adrift.' . 1 Mr, Fenton/ said the carpenter, 'I never yet knew or beard of a ship reporting to another of having met the Dutchman with out that other meeting the Ghost, too, afore she's ended her voyage/ and thus speakiug be smote his bed heavily with his fist. I was startled by the emphasis hi-, repeat- ing his former words gave to tbe assuracoe, and smoked in silence. He put down hi: pipe and lay awhile locking at me ss though turning some matters over in his mind. The swing of the flame, burning from the spout of the lamp, pat various expressions, wrought by the fluctuating shadows, into his sick face, and it was this, perhaps, thai caused his words to possess a power I could not feign to you by any art of my pen. He asked me if I had ever seen tbe Dutchman, and on my answering ' No,' he said that the usual notion among sailors was that there is but one vessel sailing the seas with the curse of Heaven upon her, but that that was a mistake, as it was an error in the same way to suppose that this ocean from Agulhas round to the Mozambique was the only place in which the Phantom was to be met. There's a ship,' said he, 'after tbe pattern of this here Dutchman to be found In. the Baltic. She always brings heavy weather and there,s small chance afterwards for any craft that sights her,' ' I've been trading in the Baltic for five years without ever hearing that," said I. ' But Its true all the same, Mr. Fenton ; you ask abont it, sir when you get fesok, and then you'll see. There's another vessel, of the same pattern, that to be met down in tbe mouth of the Gbannel, 'twixt UnshanS and tbe Soillies, and thereabouts. A man I know, called Jimmy Bobbins, saw her, and told me the yarn. He was In a ship bound heme from the Spice Islands; they were in soundings, and heading round for the Channel ; It was the morning wafeb, just shout dawn, weather slightly thickish ; suddenly a vessel comes heaving out of the smother from God knows whers! Jim Bobbins was coining down a rope alongside the mate, who, on seeing ifce vessel, screams out shii 1, like a woman, and fails fiat on a sweat d J Jim, look ing, saw. it was the Channel Death Ship, s large pink, manned by skeletons, with a skull for a figure-bead and a skeleton captain leaning against the mast, watching the running of the snd in an hour glass l a held. She waB seen by twelve others, besides Jim and the mate, who nearly died of the fright. And the cocseanenca of meetinc her wan that the Bbrp Jim Rabbins wi>s in was q&b;£ away on the following n-gkt. on the French coast, down Saint Brihos way, and tbirty- three souls perished,' The gravi y with which he related this, and his evident keen kelef in tbeeo and the like supersi it-iecs, now rpndeFtd the conversation somewhat diverjirg; for, as I have elsewhere said. though I never questioned the exlEtanoe cf the cne epecirsl efcip, in a belief In which ail mariners are united, holding that the deep, which is full of drowned men, hath its spirits and its apparitions equally with the land, yet when It came to such crude mod fancies as a vessel mat sed by 8' eletons, why, of oourse, there was tothicg for it bat to laugh, which I. did, heartily enough, though in my sleeve, for seamen are a sensitive people, easily affronted, more especially in any article of their faith. However, he succeeded before I left him, in exciting a fresh uueasinesB in me by asserverating, in a most melancholy voice, and with a very dismal face, that our having spoken with the snow that had sighted the Datohman was certain to be followed . by misfortune ; and these being amongst tbe last words he exohanged with me before I left his eabin, I naturally earned away with mo cn desk tbe damping and desponding impression of his posture and appearance as he uttered them ; which were those of a man grieved, bewildered, and greatly alarmed, (to IB oobtisvbp.) 