^derttb f otify. THE UNSPOKEN MESSAGE. Is that you, mate ? Oh, ay ! I see. Gome near to me, old man ; Jast tuck the blanket round my knee, Fve bumniat to tell you, Sam. There, there, don't worrit about me so ; it's the common lot of all The parsons say, and then, you know, some must be best to tall, And I'm the first to give account of the evil an' the good. I'm feared the latter will never outweigh the first. D's e think it could ? Don't know ? Of course, how could you know ? That's for a Higher Jud&a; ; I know you'd give me a pass, old man, without the ghost of a grudge. Many's a time we've Lumped our BW*g3 along the wallaby track, And tramped without the aid o nags when goin'an'comujg back. But there was summat else. Ah, yea ! 1 d nigh forgotten, mate ; I'd better tell you quicsi 1 guess ; tha day seems getting late, And strange, and dark. Ab, well ! Ah, well ! Jest let me grip your hand, And let us take a good long spell before we _ croajs the sand. ? It a hard to die in cms rougn way : an, no, my friend, it ain't ; I love the scrub on such a day— the gum benghs' honeyed scent, The song of birds, tbe hum of bees, the Watties' scented bloc in, The whispering of the sheaoak tree3 around the old lagoon ; The blue sky through the sunlit bough3 looks bluer through the green. Would you be feared to die, old mate, beneath so blight a screen ? I always loved the open air, the sunshine, an' the tiro's ; So let us have juBt one short prayer, an no vain tears or words. We're born, an' bo we've got to die ; an what begins mnst end, A&' mine is near, so let me lie in this quiet spot, my friend. We never drank what waan t ours, nor begged & meal of meat, Nor closed our parse to some poor mate that seeded standing treat. Small deeds to build great hopes upon, but litUfs make the whole; An' maybe these will help us on when we shall teach the goal. It's nearly over, Sam. my lad ; the sunlight s growing dim ; Hatk ! how the wild birds sing o'erhead the bnshman's requiem ; Come closer to me ; closer yet, yon're alippin out of sight; An', Sam, be cure yon don't forget to give my message eight. I haven't told you yet ? Oh dear, my memory's on the break ! Just lay me in the shadow here ; 111 tell you when I wake. 