LADY DAMER. CHAPTER II, What were they whispering about, those grand old trees ? They had been the great glory of Avonwold for many genera tions past. No one knew their age. They stood there as giants guarding a fairy home. Stand underneath their spreading shade some summer's day when the wind is high, and you will hear such music as makes your heart thrill. Sometimes the tall heads are" all bent together, and they speak in a mournful, weird voice, as though they knew some awful story of a murder done in the woods, and were won dering when men would find it out. They seem to be telling secrets, not translatable to mortal ears; secrets borne on the wings of the wind, and only told by the silent, dreamy, watchful trees. Then a gentle breeze passes over them, and each little leaf thrills, as it were, with sweet laughter-that is, when the sun shines very brightly, and the flowers are blooming. What secrets of ours these same trees know. They were there long before we were born, reader. Perhaps some of the sweetest hours of our life were passed under their shade. They stood still while the one we loved best fell sick and died. They will stand as dreamy and un conscious when we die ourselves. No trees were like those blossoming limes at Avonwold; they were taller, more full of luxuriant foliage than any other trees, they knew more, they had watched so many generations. What were christen ings, marriages, and funerals to them ? They had watched golden-haired babies grow up into lovely women, go away to be married. and come home to die. Thev had whispered together of the love affairs of beautiful young girls and brave heroes. Nothing was strange to them, nothing could surprise them; they were used to the grand secrets of life and death. They put off their leaves with a mournful dignity, all their own, and the great bare branches sang dirges over them ; they resumed them with the joy of a bride who puts on her wedding dress. No music on earth compared with the music that never died amongst them. There was one thing about these blossom inglimes at Avonwold; they had whispered to each other of love, hope, sorrow, death, separation, joy and despair, but their green leaves had never murmured the words shame or disgrace. They had watched fair-haired young warriors go forth to meet death with a smile; they had seen bright faced girls leave home to share the lot of a soldier or sailor husband; they had drooped their long branches as the corpse of a young maiden was carried in mourn ful procession from amongst them, but they had never whispered to each other of dishonour. Dishonor and Avonwold- what had the two in common ? Who ever named them together? That grand old race, that stately home, the birthplace and burial place of some of the greatest of England's heroes. They were worth watching, these old limes, on this the night that my lady came home., They formed a long and shady grove at the end of the lawn. They could be seen from the western windows, and heard, when the wind was high, all over the house. Did they know, on this event ful night, that my lady was coming home ? The sunset cast a beautiful golden glow over Avonwold; the roses and lillies had stopped awake to see her, the white jessa mine was peeping out with its starry eyes the birds were singing, the fountains played; one could have fancied earth looked fairer in honour of my lady's coming home. The little group in the garden were growing anxious. ' There had been so many railway ac cidents lately,' said lady St., Julen, 'that I feel quite nervous when I have friends travelling.' ' I should never feel -afraid of any Darner being. killed in a railway accident,' said Isabel Darnmer. 'It seems to me, after all, a.'very'plebeian:kind of. da'th.' There was a general dissent, :'.nd Mr. Trench began to enumerate the numerous. and most -illustrious victims who had perished from accidents by, rail: ,., ' Nut at all the. death for a lDamer,' she persisted. 'If Pmay'be allowed sucth an expression, they' always die in state. Hark; there, is the carriage; you see I am right.'. It was my lord and my lady.: They could see the carriage through the trees they could hear the distant chiming of Avonleigh Church bells. 'Thank God they are here, all safe and well,' 'said Audrey Darner. " I wonder what the bride is like ?' 'We may prepare for something start ling,' said Lady St. Julien. ' Mr. Atber told'me he had met them on the Con tinent, and that Lady Damer was, without exception, the loveliest women he had ever seen.' They heard the carriage stop, and went with one accord into the house, to be there to welcome the bride. Now look at the limies; they are stand ing quite still-not'a leaf moves; there is not a thrill in the :bra.ches. 'Silent motionless;, yet every leaf seems to be an eye. The sunset has cast' a lurid red shade over them-they are no longer green; the giant stems, the mighty. branches, the thousands of leaves are all dyed red in the crimson sunset. So .red and so silent they stand, while the bells ring, and the whole household assembled to meet, to greet and to welcome the bride. She looked up in silent wonder at the magnificent old mansion, then turned to her husband with a smile. ' I had no idea Avonwold was so large, or so beautiful.' she said. 'I know no place in England that sur passes it, he replied. They went up the broad marble steps together. The great entrance hall was opened wide, and she saw that it was lined with servants in livery. 'Many brides have passed this thres hold,' said Lord Darner, ' none of them more fair, more loved, or more welcome than you, my wife.' She smiled, and thanked him. Did no thing rise from that threshold to greet her ? No ghost of a dead lover ? no memory of a dark, passionate face that had once made light and sunshine for her ? no memory of a low, deep voice, whose whispered words had filled her heart with music, and her soul with love ? no fevered dream of an guish ? no memory of an hour of mortal peril, when a little head lay for a brief space on her bosom, and then vanished from her sight ? no spectre of fair fame tarnished, of honour grown dim ? Did none of these things rise from the thres hold to greet Florence Lady Darner, as she entered her new life, and her new home? Who shall say ? One may read the stars, read the sermons written in babbling brooks-but who can read that greatest of all mysteries, a woman's face ? Eyes and lips have smiled before now, while the life blood was dripping from a broken heart. The brow has been fair and smooth, the face calm, while the soul half dead with agony has made no sign. Men are wise and clever, gifted, keen, and strong-yet few among them can read the book half human, half divine, ' a woman's face.' Lady Damer looked around with a well pleased smile. Her beautiful face seemed to fill the hall with light and sunshine, her violet eyes, so calm and serene, had in them nothing but pleasure. The lovely mouth, with its proud, sweet lips, wore a gracious smile. She acknowledge the greeting so respectfully offered her, and passed through the enterance hall, tollowed by her admiring husband, leaving behind her warmest admiration and lavish praise. ' There has been many a beauty here,' said one old servant, ' but she is the queen of them all.' ' We have a few friends assembled to meet us,' said Lord Darner to his wife; the sound of voices reached her ears, and she had looked enquiringly at him ' Audrey Damer and his wife. You re member my speaking to you of them? I hope you will like Mrs. Damer.' 