Nctus. ' At the Working Men's Mutual Improvement Society's meeting on Tuesday evening last„ Mr. A. Carson, read a; paper on " Longfellow."' Next week the Rev. T.. Loach. wSl deliver a lecture oa '-Words." Splendid rains have fallen throughout the- district during the past week, and as a conse quence of those late rains the crops every where are looking much more promising Ding they did a few weeks back. Our settlers will be cheered by the iotelli- genee conveyed in our cable news; to-day of the brisk competition at the wool sales, which opened early in- the week, and at the satisfac tory prices which those who have any wool in. the brokers hands are likely to obtain for it. The Geraldton Lignite Company havo deter mined to thoroughly test their seam and with a view to this sent out a new boring- apparatus on Monday last, and are setting- men to work at once. From information re ceived from the Government Geologist they are, we understand, encouraged to hope that, coal will be found on the land they have taken up. The Australian Trading World of August the; 10th saj s : — " Tbe Shipping Agreement of the. West Australian Brokers is to terminate at the end of this year, both Messrs.. C. Bethell & Oo.„ Trinder, Anderson & Co., and the West Austra lian Shipping Association, Limited, having given notice to that effect. The trade at best, is a small one, and it seems really a pity that the agreement could not be maintained. Our Roebourne correspondent telegraphed to- us on Wednesday last that a man. named John Sullivan had found on the Pilbnrra gold fields a 39 ounce nugget. This is the best find iu the shape of alluvial gold yet found in Western Australia, and is strong evidence jff a pay able alluvial field existing in the district named, and will probably cause a rush thero within the next few months. We have been informed by Mr. M. H. Lowe that what credit is due for the discovery of the stones recently brought in by himself and Mr.. F. Maley, which have been pronounced rubies, and garnets, belongs to Mr. George Vince who directed the gentlemen referred to to the Locality where the find was made. Messrs. Lowe and Vince intend leaving Greefiough in a. day or two to make a longer inspection of the: place ; and are in hopes of finding precious stoi.es which will prove of some real commer cial value. Me. James Mitchell, of the West Australian. Bank, returned to Geraldton. by the Rob Roy from Bunbury on Thursday evening last a. better man by half than when he left us a few weks ago, iu other words, be has come back with all the responsibilities of married life upon him. We gladly welcome Mi: and Mrs. Mitchell to Geraldton, and join their many friends in wishing them happiness and pros perity. A motion for a rule absolute for a new trial, on tbe grounds of excessive damages, of tte action recently brought by Mr. Hensman. against the West Australian, came before the Full Court ou the 18th inst. Mr. Burt, Q.C., appeared for the defendants. Aft.nr hearing the arguments Jof the plaintiff, and' the coun- . sel for the defendants, the Court refused the application with costs. The result of the ballot on the proposal of the directors of the Australian Mutual Provident Society to set apart £25,000 to establish a. pension fund for the officers of the society was made known on August 21. For the proposal there were 527 voting papers, representing 27,284 votes : for Mr. M'Eihoue's amendment, . to the effect that no money should be appropriat ed for pensions or retiring allowances, there were 855- papers, representing 12,467 votes. The Rev. P. 0. Thomas, Chairman of the Wes- leyan District of W.A., was a passenger to Ge raldton by the Sob Roy on Thursday evening last.. The. care of all the Wesleyan churches iu this colony devolves upon Mr. Thomas, and he is now makiug his visit of inspection to the Geraldton Circuit. : lie will preach at Wesley Church, both moving and evening, to- inorrow. On the afternoon of the same day he will con duct service at .the Greenough Institute, and en the Monday, Tuesday, and. IVednesday follow ing hfe will be at Dongarra. On Thursday next he will speak- at a Home Mhision meeting in Wesley, Church to which the public are invited. About nine o'clock on Wednesday mernin (says the Adelaide Evening Journal of August. 29) Mr. Herbert Stonehewer Cooper a well- known London journalist and litterateur (who. recently visited Fremantle and Albany) was seen wandering about the streets of the city, aod when he tell down a constable went to render him any needful assistance. He said he wanted to go home, and when the constable asked him where he lived, he replied " in Heaven." The constable took charge of him, and Mr. Cooper was brought before Mr. Beddome. In court he said he was a saint of the Holy Catholic Church He was referred to Dr. Mayo for examination. A pleasing little game at Harbor Works was (says the Morning Herald) carried on within ,the bar of the Swan River on Sat urday last, under the superintendence of the Director of Public Works. There were two nice loud explosions, and a very pretty column of water was thrown up, the spray from which slightly wetted some of the players, much to their delight ; some stone and sand was shifted from one part of the river's bed to another, and a quantity oflitile fishes were killed. Evervbodv agreed that a very pleasant afiernoon had been spent, and that the amusement was very innocent and harmless, though rather expensive. This paragraph properly belongs to our sporting column, but as this is the only piece of- local sport we have heard of we have j alio wed it to take its present position. A GBAMMATicAL insect takes exception toour nSe of the word "lesser1' instead of " less" as the comparative of the adjective little in these columns a few weeks a pro. We admit that according to Lindley Murray we were wrong, as ou.r office boy would no doubt have informed us if the matter had been of any consequence. Tn extenuation of our fault we may mention that it is evidently a characteristic of both past and present writers on the Times to despise the trammels of grammarians in this -.little matter. J8se oro- : from the correspondent of the Times on board H-M.S. Ajax during the recent naval iianonvres. " At about 3.45 in the early dawn this morning the irrepressible Eattlesnake, ac companied by two lesser' snakes in the shape of torpedo boats," &c.; With regard to the habits of past writers on the Times in this con nection the following sentence appears in the latest Government Gazette extraordinary, and forms a part of His Excellency's despatch Ho. 139- " I do not see how business can well be on with a lesser1 number." It will be seen therefore that we offended in the very best of company. Dr is pleasant to feel assured that the charge of "killed by the critics" cannot be laid at our we have given encouragement unconsciously though it be to budding Keats, who sent ossome " lines" from Dongarra, a few of which we selected for publication last week. It is not often we are so cordially thanked for oar edito rial advise as we have been by the Dongarra poet, who writes to us as follows under date of Tuesday last; — " Permit me to acknowledge with best thanks your courteous answer and accept ance of my " lines." and for the unenviable CMlftg»nm upon them, also for yonr proposition and explauatory/emarks, which I may act upon, although believe me I bad not the faintest idea it would eall forth such action, prominent afrinn as you would credit it does. Wishing you great success, and again 4 thanking you,1 I beg to ascribe myself," etc., etc. This is heap ing coals of fire on our head with a vengeance. nfg Silvester's dramatic entertainment, the .date of which is not yet definitely fixed, should secure him a good house. The wo pieces he intends producing with the assistance of some local amateurs are " Christmas Bells" and the Haunted House," both of whieh were written especially for Hr. Silvester's father by the late Garnet Walch. The former, as we stated last week, is founded on Charles Dickens' inimitable story of the Christmas Carol, and is a most affecting little dramatic sketch with an excel lent moral which, let us hope, will not be lost on a Geraldton audience. The "Haunted House" is a fareial sketch, the fnn of the piece centreing round a journeyman baker who -is out for a holiday prior to his marriage with Arabella Jane. Stopping at a roadside inn he gets into company with a party of strolling players whose conversation is confined to Shakespeare's |i»ys. Mr. Slackbake, the baker, when he retires for the night has to vnake shift with the only spare loom in. the house, one which has not been, occupied fur years, in fact never since a terrible tragedy occurred in it. The latch of the door leading to this room happens to Ire on the outside, and the baker on entering discovers on closing the door that he is locked in. He is visited during the night by phantom cats which cause him much annovanee, by the ghosts of Hamlet's papa, Ophelia, -Julius Caesar, Lady Haebeth, Ac., and he is not released nntil the mysterious 'Boots" calls him at an early hour to catch the .coach to enable him to reach his destination and in time for his montage with las Arabella. The entertainment will conclude with Mr. Dellair's " Burgomaster," a sketch of which jiece he has given elsewhere in this issue. Me. James Carson left Geraldton for Berrim Wednesday last, taking with him, for the use of the Mulga Mulga Gompany a portable forge, an outfit of blacksmith's tools, and the aiecessaty means to enable them to rudely .crush and extract gold from the stone now on bae surface. They have no doubt that by this means they will be able to pay working expenses until the reef itself is reached and fr-iced far enough, if gold-bearing, to enable the present owner of the claim to float a large company to work it. With regard to "Mr, Gale's description of the country as given in the Victorian Express a few weeks back, Mr. Carson asked us to state that there are clearly defined reefs on the field, that there is any .quantity of slates oh their edges, and that on Banbury's claim, which joins the one original ly taken up are two parallel lines of slate in just such a way as geologists and those who have a practical knowledge of gold-mining say gold bearing reefs are frequently found. Wherever the English language is spoken (says one writer of an interesting article in A loyd's Weekly Hews) the account of the open- in i of the Melbourne Centennial will have been received with a glow of pleasure and pride. And no wonder. The Exhibition is a worthy testimony to the energy, the resource the pluck, the skill, the unflagging enter prise of the Anglo-Saxon race. If Australia is io progress in the future as she has pro gressed in the past, the prospect is truly dazzling, It is wonderful, under such cir- ,cu instances, that the hearts of patriots should, yearn for the time to come when the boid which now unites Great Britain "with Gr ater Britain beyond the seas 1 shall hare been made practically indissoluble ? The Me -bourne Exhibition can hardly fail to advance enormously tbe sentiment of Imperial Federa tion. In that sentiment the democracy at home has "every reason to share. It has been the backbone of Britain's working men and women which has made the colonies what they are ; and the ties of blood and kinship will, we believe, emuoth tbe path— slowly perhaps, but surely— to that consummation of Empire which every consideration of hislory, of honour, and of self interest renders desirable. ACOobdikg to the Star Lord Brassey has just fitted up and furnished a most interesting addi tion to his house in Park Lane, In the shape of a collection of valuable cariosities gathered by him and Lady Brassey during their voyages round the world in the " Sunbeam/' Tbe museum is erected on the site of the stables, and the decorations and paanellingg of tbe room are made at the Darhartcnt which was one of the most attractive and interesting ob jects of the Colonial Exhibition. The wood is sandalwood and teak. Tbe room is deliciously fragrant, while the sutxlued colours of the walls and a.sles form a beautiful back-ground- The collection of shells, dried sea-weed and trea sures of the deep is perhaps the most interesting of all, and the electric light is arranged' so as to shine behind large pieces of coral, delicate shells, and transparent sea-weed giving them a beautiful and iancy-iike appearance. The wonderful feather cloak given to Lady Brassey in the Sandwich Islands is also exhibited, the on'' other one in existence being the one given to Captain Cook, and now in the British Muse um- The mus'-um is intended to be a memorial to Lady Brassey who collected must of the things, which she always hoped some day to gather together in London, where they would be. of interest and amusement to the many peo ple—rich and poor— to whom she was a good friend. THE Church of England at their vestry meet ing held last Tuesday determined to lay out in paths their cemetery. The ground is to be cl-ired and paths are to be made in a manner as orderly as possible, taking into considera tion the 'position of the present graves. The vestry have no intention of interfering with any grave definitely marked out as such by means of stones or railings. There are, however, some graves in ho way indicated, andothers of which the indication has been almost obliterated. An advertisemeut appears in another column re ferring to these graves and calling upou any friends or relatives to state any objection to the proposed scheme. We are assured that it is the wish of the vestry to respect to the full the feelings of relatives, and Mr. Turner of the Union Bank — the people's ckurchwaiden — who has been requested by the vestry to act in the matter will be glad to listen to any statement or request which may be made to him. Referring toour editorial on the proposed new constitution in our last issue, it will bave been noticed by those who have carefully read the Draft Bill and the Governor's despatches on the subject that we were slightly -at fault in presuming that there would be no division in tbe fifteen electoral districts which would be represented in the Assembly. It will be seen, as we ourselves found out on a careful perusal for which we had not time before going to press last week, that His Excellency proposes single member constituencies. We would pointfout, however, that the error does not materially affect the tenor of our remarks on the point, as, after all, so far as we are able to gather no provision is contemplated whereby towns and country districts will have separate represen tatives in the same sense as boroughs and counties have separate representation in Eng land, for example, the Governor in the 2nd clause of bis despatch No. 152, states : " For the election of the Legislative Assembly or Lower House I would recommend single constituencies." Thus the proposed three members for Perth would each be returned for a separate sub- division of the city. From this it will be seen that the note cf warning we sounded was perfectly justified though partly based upon a misapprehension. We shonld feel glad of the" error rather than otherwise if it have the effect of drawing the attention of the community more closely to this matter of detail than would otherwise have been the case. Inspector Rowe has, says an Albany contem- porary, received from the police of the Victoria District a very graceful recognition of the re- gard in which they held him while he was in command there. It consists of a handsome siver stop watch with the following inscription upon it: — " Presented to Inspector Rowe by the police of the Victoria District, on his removal to Albany, — July, 1888." Accompany- ing the presentation watch is a handsomely illuminated address, which reads as follows : — " To Inspector Bowe. Dear Sir, — The members of the police force in the Victoria District sincerely regret your departure from Gerald- ton, and heartily wish yourself and family health and prosperity in your new home. The police of the North District will ever remember with feelings of the warmest respect and esteem, for yourself the term during which they have served the Government under your immediate supervision, and as a mark of these feelings, they beg of you to accept the accom- panying watch. Signed on behalf of the police of the Victoria District. — WILLIAM WALDECK, Sergeant." The presentation was not made before Mr. Rowe's departure from Geraldton, as owing to the great extent of the Victoria Police District, some weeks had to elapse be- fore the promoters of the presentation received replies from the distant stations. Mr. Rowe was held in high esteem amongst the settlers in the country and the residents in Geraldton, as well as by his subordinates. THE Melbourne Punch referring to the New castle coal strike says : — " The most prominent feature of the coal strike seems to be the fact that nobody knows what it's all about. It is certainly an extraordinary state of things when old communities are divided, and, what's worse, left in the cold and the dark, over a quarrel, the points of which they are utterly ignorant of. No sane person In these days denies the right of any number of industrious persons to com bine together for mutal benefit and defence. Trades Unions are a« genera) ly accepted fact and their power for good has of tea been demon strated, but perhaps no better instance than the present one has ever cropped up to show how they may be used for ends that are not benefi cial. That workmen should stick together is one thing, but that they should do so bliodly is another. We do not say that if the facts con cerning the present strike were fully known, the working men of all tbe colonies would not be justified in upholding the miners. We simply say that at present such facts are not generally known, and that to act upon assumed or half-known , cases argues anything but an intelligent wish to benefit the community at large. The moment the worker of this city says : " I am with my fellow- workers else- where, right or wrong, he places himself in a position of dependence, the dangers of which hitherto only been partially developed. Those who pay shonld vote, and if the tradesmen of one community are to pay for their fellow-colo nists' strikes they should be permitted to first intelligently examine the cause of the rupture, and record their opinion as to its desirability. If strikes were . to be authorised by a more general appeal to the councils of the various colonial labor organisations, it is probable that cooler and calmfer-judguient, far removed from local influences, would sometimes intervene to stay what is often lieatea and ill-considered action. For instance, it is scarcely supposabie that any outside trade organisation would have advised our local tramway employes to enter upon their late strike. Had their case been considered in councils removed from the reach of petty and local influences, it is almost certain that the frivolity of the strikers' position would have been instantly made plain and foolish action stayed at once. The working-man claims to be a thinking being, and he should he one. But he cannot make good his claim while he refuses to exercise his own judgment upon the merits of a case which involves his own and his family's comfort and needs. Acting in cod cert, after due examination and deliberation, the working-men would gain in dignity what they now lose by groping blindly in the dark, with only the one cry of " Down with Capital I" From the tenor of yet another leading article in tbe Morning Herald on the subject of the Grcenough Belief Fund it would seem that one of the Perth Belief Committees is the only body to which Mr. Brown is responsible for the ad ministration and distribution of the monies collected. Our contemporary in the most em phatic manner states that Mr. Brown was ad ministering a charitable fund subscribed to by the people who had appointed a committe. The italics are ours. The statement would be nearer the truth if it ran thus : " Mr. Brown was administering a fund subscribed to by the pi-ople who had appointed twenty committies. If the particular committee our contemporary refers to was that one in Perth whieh lias taken exception to Mr. Brown's methods of administering the fund its remarks lose their point altogether for the " appointed distribu tor" has not bad an opportunity to administer the funds which were piaced in the hands of that vigilant body. We would like to assure the Morning Herald that we do not "wilfully "mis understand it, or endeavour in this or any other matter to "pervert" its meaning. Our Only desire has been to point out how unreasonable it is for the Perth Committee to expect Mr. Brown to make an exception in their case by keeping them posted up in what he is doing, or to sup ply every committee in the colony, and even individual subscribers outside the colony with similar information. And surely the Morning Herald would not claim that the Perth Com mittee had any better right to the report than other committees whose funds had been actu ally disbursed, or would not contend that Mr. Brown should ignore all these other bodies. Unless it " wilfully misunderstands" tbe na- ture of the work which that gentleman lias undertaken it must recognise how obviously unreasonable it is to expect him to send bis report to all mediums through which the funds placed in his hands have come. The recent action of the Perth Committee in deciding to forward the monies in their possession, to Mr. Brown with a request that they be distributed as gifts at once can have no other effect than-of creating complications and dissatisfaction. If Mr. Brown accepts the Perth committee's funds on these terms it will necessitate his carrying out two methods of administration at one and the same time and. mast inevitably ifiake the work of distribution more difficult and more .un pleasant than ever We regret veiy much the action of the Perth Committee in this matter, as it expresses in a covert manner a want of con fidence in the administration of the Belief Fund hitherto. ======== The following is the text of the congratulatory address which is to be presented to Mr. Keane upon his arrival in Perth, on his return from England: — "To Edward Keane, Esq., M.L.C. Sir : — On behalf of the workingmen and citizens of Perth, we tender you a most cordial welcome upon your return to Western Australia. During the time of your residence in this colony you have not only practically proved that you have the best interest of the workingmen at heart, but have been ever foremost in endeavouring to advance the progress of the colony at large. The railways already completed bear emphatic testi- mony to the ability and fidelity with which you have carried out the large contracts undertaken by you in this colony. While at the same time your possession of an elected seat in the Legisla- tive Council incontestably proves that your arduous exertions have been practically recognis- ed. While deeply regretting the very sudden and totally unexpected manner in which the construction of the Midland Railway was so abruptly stopped, owing to circumstances over which you had no control, we unite in commend- ing the prompt and energetic course of action you adopted in at once proceeding to England, to arrange for the earliest possible resumption of this great undertaking. We are aware that your most strenuous efforts were for many months unsuccessful, and we congratulate you all the more heartily on the success with which your indefatigable energy has at last been crowned. For, sir, your return to Western Aus- tralia at this time of universal industrial depres- sion means the resumption of a large and useful Public Work, and an increased permanent acti- vity in all sections of the workiug community, together with improved communication between the capital of the colony and the Victoria Dis- trict. It is for these among other reasons that we wish to accord you a most cordial reception on your return and we trust you may long be spared to enjoy the health, prosperity, and happiness you so richly deserve." 