Sb* Itetatc &m;\xm. THURSDAY, AUGUSTO, 1SSS. Tnj. tendency to subdivide authority ia not always to be encouraged ]f some ofhcious persona liad their own way every block in the city would be under i separate administration, and every penny of rates would be swallowed up m official salai íes Other persons would en in the opposite dntction, und would hold the Governor in Council responsible for the discharge of the pettiest local government functions It must be admitted, howevei, that the localisation of authority is often conducive to vigour in administration, and tint nothing ia so powerful a stimulant to íesidents of any place as the consciousness that the discharge of public duty will, b) luipioving their own properties, put mont,} into thoir own pockets So long as tlie atea and popula ¿ion ait sulhuent to movido the sinews of win it may bo admitted that the moie loealmtion the gnatei eihcicncy m local all ins Hie city of Biisbane fin nisi os i case in pontt The alkira of the ltte municipality, embracing the most thickly populated parla of the mctiopolis, bad in recent ye irs out grown the capacity of the avei ige city alderman It is quite true that as a city grows, md is its loe ii air tu a become of in creasing importance, s the quihtv, of its public men ought to lmpiove 3 ut nnfor ¿mutely t pmence does not always justify the assumption iii it suth will be the eise, md better men aie often found adniiiusteiing the allans of suburban municipalities oi divisions than can be in iltited to accept metropohtin civic honours Iletico, t-lien i few months ago i movement wasstaittd foi uniting the South Wai d of the cit> with the division of Woolloonptbba, md constituting them an independent minority under the title of the Loiough of South Busbant, wo were not among those who oileied opposition to the scheme It was impossible to deny the grievous shoit comings of the city corporation and it was difhcuLt to «sume that the aiTurs of the South side of the city would suflei by sepaiation And although some disap pointment his resulted from the first half y eat s pioceedings of the borough council, it is far too eaily to assume that the newly created body will be a failure Tho troublesome ti itulence which marked ita bnth seems lo be gridually passing oil, and ere long the public maj expect it to develop into a useful and vigoi ous corporate uistitu tion One not unnatural anil not altogether un desiiable characteristic of the new council ia its independence of spiiit and its dcteimina tion to run alone. A young man just starting in life delights in self-assertion and is jealous of bis privileges and rights ; and a young corporation ia influenced by similar aspirations. Within i easonable limits it is a good thing for public bodies to magnify their office. But carried beyond these limits the spirit of independence often makes itself an object of ridicule and becomes a public evil. The South Brisbane Council has more than once gone perilously near to ex- hibiting itself as a spectacle to make fools laugh and the judicious grieve. In its treatment of the Brisbane Fire Brigade Board it has certainly not been discreet. Not content with embroiling itself with the metropolitan council, it must pet force get into trouble with a body whose proceedings furnished no rational justification for a quanel. The conclusion hastily arrived at was that the South aide having its own municipal council must also have its own fire brigade boaid ; in short, must have no connection whatever willi the people on the other aide of the water. It may be hoped, however, that reflection will induce caution, and that the cost of the desired luxury will be ascer- tained before it ia finally determined to pro- cure it. From the repoit of the Brisbane Fire Brigade Board for 18B7 we find that the total expenditure for that year was about £4500. Of this over .£1000 waa for steam fire engines, and therefore exceptional. But the expense of any efficient fire brigade must he coiiBiderable, and, even if the pro- posed South Brisbane Brigade were estab- lished on a. modest scale, it would press rather heavily upon the ratepayers. The present brigade has accumulated a large quantity of plant, and it U on the whole fairly well organised. It has admittedly given just as much attention to South Bris- bane as to North Brisbane -when fites have occurred; and the board has shown a dis- position to do justice to both sides of the river. In the superintendent's report for 1887 the claims of the South side to consideration are recognised by recommending au additional fire station at Woolloongabba, and there seems n0 reason to doubt that had the new borough council contributed to the funds of tho brigade, the suggestion would have been cheerfully adopted by the board. There would apparently be economy in the management of a single or joint brigade, whose entire force, in a time of emergency, might be concentrated on cither side of the river wherever a fire oc- curred. The plant of the existing board appears to be sufficient for all practical pur- poses; if so, its duplication hythe forma- tion of a second board would be a needless expense. And such a board would most likely uot give due weight to the consideration that emergencies might arise in which it would be desirable for tho two brigades to work together. In such case it would be imperative that the size of hose and threads of couplings should be uniform, while it would be evidently desirable that the joint brigade should bo guided by one competent and responsible Superintendent. Possibly it may be argued that a separate brigade on each side of theriver -would induce rivalry, and that efficiency would be guaranteed by the natural desire of one to excel the other. But experience teaches that rivalry en- courages jealousy, and that delay would inevitably result from divided command in the event of a calamitous lire demanding the most prompt and vigorous exertions of all the trained firemen in the city. The present Fire Brigades Act ¡3 a very crude and inadequate measure. Passed at a time when local government was not understood in the colony, it makes no sufficient provision for condi- tions as they now exist. What appears to be wanted is an Act under which the entire metropolitan district would be pro- claimed a fire brigade area, and its affaira administered by a joint local authority with well-defined powers and responsibilities. Pending the introduction of such a measure we suggest that it would be wiso for the South Brisbane Council to stay their hand, and to make temporary arrangements for securing the services of the existing brigade whenever requisite. There ia far too much other important work to be done in South Brisbane to justify the borough council in spending a large sum of money in the establishment of a separate fire brigade which cannot at the present time at any rate be deemed a public necessity. THE success attending the Polytechnic Institution as a technical school, to which we called the attention of our readers some Bhort time back, has led to the formation of a plan for the purpose of providing several Bindiar institutes for South LondoD. The Charity Commissioners are willing to con- tribute pound for pound up to ¿150,000 out of the fund created by the surplus of the City Parochial Charities. With this noble capital of £300,000 it is intended to erect three principal institutes, together with smaller aililiatcd ones, where the youth of the working classes may obtain industrial training, mental instruction to supply the dcliciences of early education, and " reasonable opportunities for healthy re- creation and social intercourse." A scheme to raise the quota of capital by public sub- scription according to the conditions laid down by the Charity Commissioners, was inaugurated by the Lord Mayor at an in- fluential public meeting held at the Man- sion House. The Prime Minister moved the resolution approving of the plan which had been formulated. He made some pregnant remarks on the occa- sion, which need to be pondered by Australian social reformers and educa- tionists quite as much as by British. He considered that this movement marked au era in the development of secondary education. While much had been done for primary education, the commuuity had for the moat part stopped there. When the child turned his back on the elementary school he was left to the sport of any chance influences that might arise. "Referring to the secondary education which had hitherto been provided, he said that " it had mainly been directed to the culture of the mind, to tho ornamental, and what might be called the supplementary parta of education." Henceforth it is not to be limited to these. It is to bo much more comprehensive and practical. " It must develop for each man the faculties that nature had given him, so that he might be as active, profitable, and prosperous a member of the community as possible." His Lordship also commended the combination of recreation with tech- nical education, which in the cuae of the People's Palace had been attended with mo3t gratifying results, The movement which has commenced so auspiciously will unquestionably give a great impetus to techuical education in the British metropolis. The deficiencies which, since the partial breakdown of the apprenticeship system, have become increas- ingly apparent in the industrial training of our skilled artisans, will gradually disappear in London when this scheme gets into working order. But moro than this, it will set an example and supply a standard for technical education for even distant parts of the Empire. Just as the mechanics' insti- tutes founded by Lord Brougham paved the way for the moro modern school« of arts, so these in turn will probably give placo to the technical college anti industrial club. New wants require new provision to meet thom, and the arrangements which were satisfactory yesterday may become obsolete to-day, and be superseded by fresh ones to- morrow. One thing is clear-namely, that society cannot afford any longer to neglect the after-life of its youth when they have left the primary school. 'Iii- industrial and moral interests of the State .ibkc deniaudthat these children of toil should le mkenin hand, and be systematically trained .ir their busi- ness as workers and their duli ;vs citizens. It is in this direction that we nitwt look for a solution of the problem iuvol ved in our colonial lurrikinism. Hitherto tbo practice has been to let our youth spend their even- ings on the street, to the detriment of their morals, and to the formation of idle and lawless habits. The places of amusement open to them are too expensive for nightly use, and having little taste for reading they cannot be attracted to our schools of arts. They have thus been left to shift for them 1 selves, to organise in bands under the ) ' leadership of those who possets the spirit of adventure and tniBchief most fully, and thus they proceed from rough horseplay to some breach of the peace, which involves them in a collision with the police, and punishment by the magistrate. The lads are often lesa to blame than society which does so little for them in their leisure hours. In some of the other colonies, however, a few tentative efforts have been made to draw this class of youths from the streets. In Melbourne, "Excelsior Try Societies" have done something, but chiefly by way of amusement, to raise the more neglected boys above the level of lawikinism. In Sydney a similar movement has been set on foot with considerable success, and now a project has been formed under the pat- ronage of Lady Carrington, Mr. Justice Stephen, and other influential members of society, to provide a home for youths where good food, reading-rooms, a gymnasium, and other advantages for mind and body may be obtained at a moderate cost. Such institutions are good so far as they go, but they are not competent to grapple on a large scale with the dangeis to which we refer. What is wanted ia a national scheme for the secondary education of the artisan class in the shape of technical instruc- tion, and to provide recreative occupation for leisure hours. In default of Charity Commigsioners with a large surplus we must look to Government to supplement the subscriptions of the benevolent. A general Act might be passed to enable auy munici- pal or other local authority to raise a fund for the purpose of establishing a school somewhat on the lines of the London Poly- technics, and appointing a moiety to be paid out of the general revenue. On some general plan of this kind we might hope to cope with the evil of larrikinism, as well as offer facilities for the development and training of the mechanical and artistic talents of the youth employed in industrial occupations. It is quite time something was done in this direction, or the evil will grow to much more formidable proportions than it has yet attained in Queensland, and wo hope that the vigorous manner in which the leaders of society in England are dealing with this reform will incite our legislators to follow their example. IFIF report of the Benevolent Asylum at Dunw ich is a brief document, but it contains several facts of interest concerning the aged poor who are supported hy the State At the end of last year there were 471 mmites, namely-407 men and C4 women The re mai kable disproportion between the sixes which has obtained for several years past jtill continuel, and is not easily accounted for The relative numbers of the sexes in Queensland dunng 1887 were 71 females to every 100 malea If the female inmates of the Dunwich Asylum hid i etched the sime proportion theie would hive been 2S8 in stead of only C4 It speaks well for tho self reliance and independence of our female population that so few avail themselves of this place of refuge It is also remarkable that but one native of Queensland is to be found there Turning to the ages of the inmates we find a taree proportion aie under GO years, but Dr Smith accounts for this by the fact that they are all mote oi less debilitated by diseise Some slight addition to the accommodation has been made during the past year, but not at all equal to that required to meet the number of appioved applicants In view of the necc'stty for a huge increase in the number of waids we think the time Ins am ved to consider the question whether it w ould not bo better to establish a similar institution foi tho noithern part of the colony rather than enlaige the accommoda lion at Dunwich Already aome seventy inmates come from Rockhampton and the districts north of that town, and as the colony increases m population still greater numbers may be expected Several ad\ an tnges would anse from placing an asylum 8.1V at Bowen or Townsville, not the least of which would be the lessening of expense in convej mg these people from their pi ices of residence to the institution There would also be a great advantage in having the m mates neaier to their relatives and friends The solace which a visit from these brings does much to relieve the monotony and d13 sipiite the discontent which so often becloud the declining days of those who are obliged to accept the charity of tho State In many cases, too, the nearness of their former homes might lead to their leaving the asylum, to the manifest relief of the public exchequer Among the ra qutrements set down in this îepott there are one 01 two ol împoi tance which should be supplied without tiela} One is a ' covered connecting way between the different wards, which could be constructed at no great expense ' And another is 'al workroom for mattress making, Bhoe making, and tailoring Both these requisitions are important, both for the health tud useful occupation of the inmates Dunwich is veiy much exposed in bid weather, 10 that these mfiim and semi invalid old peop'e need special protection against its îuclemency The religious nitei eats of the residents are well cared for by diflerent clergjmen itpresenting the Church of England and the ftoman Catholic Church, and by the agent of the Dunwich and St Htlena Mission, a non sect man society The cost of main tenance is remarkably low, being only £14 10s Ojd per annum for each inmite, or, if we deduct the sum of ¿251 12s Id collected by the Curitor of Chai liable Institutions from the ptoperty of deceased inmates, the net cost is only £11 ös iPd It is to be hoped that this economy 13 not due to a nieagie table, or to the refus ii of those comforts winch aie specially needed 111 old age His Excellency Sir Anthony Musgrave and Lady Musgrave wero passengers by the special train which conveyed Lord and Lady Carring- ton and other members of the vice-regal party to Sydney from Melbourne yesterday. Sir Thomas M'llwraitu and the other members of the "Ministerial party arrived in Brisbane last night. The specinl train left Singleton, Now South Wales, after supper, about 9.30 p.m. on Tuesday. In the run through New England about ¿wo boura' time was lost on account of tim frequent heating of the carriage axles. Wallangarra was not reached till li yesterday forenoon, when a short ttay waa in ade for breakfast. Toowoomba was gained at 5 o'clock, and a largo but un- demonstrative crowd was on the platform. Dinner was served in the station refreehinent room, and tbo 'special left at half-past fi, reaching Brisbane at a few 'minutes before 10. The Hon. H. M. and Mrs. Nelson left the train at Toowoomba, and the Premier, Lady M'Tlwraith and Mit-s M'llivraith at Auchen- flower. Tho remainder of the party, who came on to town, were the Hon. H, M. Black, the Hon. A. J. Thynne, the Hon. A. Norton, the Hon. W. Forrest, Messrs. J. "Watson, W. Stephen*, T. Plunkett. E. Palmer, A. Laya, and G. Agnew, MM.L.A., Colonel French, Messrs. Radford (Clerk of Parliament»), Stoddart, W. Robertson, and J. F- Thallon (trafilo manager), Mra. Thynne, Mrs. French, Mrs. Agnew, Misj Black, ant) Miss Dempster. The journey from Sydney waa accomplished ," thirty hours la The uncertainty with reference lo the muri longod-for ram still continues, though it will be seen from the official weather report that showers more or less heavy havo fallen at sever places in the southern coast distncts t Brisbane heavy ram clouds wera apparel m the south and east during the early part of the afternoon, and be'we J and 4 o'clock a hght shower nil in town, though it was barely enough to la» the dust Tlie western suburbs were t equally favoured, but beyond Bowen BridT rain fell smartly for something like half an hour, and thero were indications of a "..ii heavier downfall m the direction of the P,7 Diver. we The police authorities are busily enzai>,l making inquiries into the outrage alleged te have been committed on a young woman m th< Woolloongabba district on Saturday m^t J, last et ening thej arrested a man named Ham Payne on suspicion of hating been concerned m the crime Payne, who was eomo month* abomthoemplojment of the Tramway tom panv, ia not unfavourably known to tho police Annie Isaacs, tho young woman in question H eenouslv ill, and there can scarcely be a doult that she has been bitttally assaulted "No m formation of the as«ault was conveyed to the police, andth»yare acting on the informad j» published in tho County of yesterdav the ooirectness of which it is believed wul bo horne out by the investigations of tho oiheers of the jaw Mr Sqmer, superintendent of tho Eastrn Extension Telegraph Company, telegraphed to the superintendent at La Perouse yesterday to tho following eflect - " On the morning of the 6th instunt tho s s Recorder restored com munication with the duphcato Java-Darwin cable, and both cables are now in perfect work vug order The manager on the ship, speak« from mid ocean, stated that the break was duo to volcanic disturbance Tho broken end toward tho cast had not beon recovered the cable being buned, and a now piece was put in to complete tho repairing " TheRailway Arbitrator (Mr EW Curtis'will leave Bnsbano on tho 30th instant for the pur pose of rehearing sixteen cases connocted with the Southport, Logan, and Beaudesert hue» which were adjudicated upon by the former arbitrator, and have been reopened in accor dance with a memorial to tho Governor in Council Theso cases will probably occupy Mr Curtis untd about the middle ot Septem ber, when ho will return to Brisbane to deal with Bomo other cases which aro set down fot hearing The necessary plant for watering the Break fast Creek road and the streets m tho Booroo dabin division has been fixed, and operations will be commenced to morrow On the Booroodabin side of the temporary bridge over tho creek a galvanised iron engine-shed, 24ft by 12ft , has been erected, and m this is a Manchester ram pump capable of throw ing 8900 gallons per hour, worked by a vertical boilei, with three Galloway tubes Thero is a patent firo-box BO as to economise the fttol "Four inch iron pipes havo been laid irom tho creek to tho Break'sct Creek-road, i m John-street, and thence to the intersection of Wickham and Ann streets Three stands havo been ereoted, ono at John street with two tanks, another similar one at tho corner of the Board lloseive, and tho third with four tanks at tho intersection of Wickham and Ann streets Fire plugs have been faed along tho route five chains apart, with a view to flushing the watortables when constructed, and also so that a good stream of water may bo obtainable va. caso of fue There will bo three w nter-carts, ono for each subdivision The Post and Telegraph Department notify -" Aden advises next mail for Mauritius closes thero about noon Satin day, 11th instant " Tho hoanng of tho caso Wil«ono v Con grot e, which has occupied the attention oi tho Supreme Couit for several days, was concluded j esterday The action was brought by Charlea Ronald Wilsono to rescind a deed of partner ship enteied into with William M'Intosh Cou grève, tho proprietor of Clifton station, neat Rockhampton, and to recover £4000 paid under alleged misrepresentations for a share in tho station also to recover interest and compel i>a tion The defenco was a denial of thoallegi tions The Chief Justice, befoio whom thoca o was tried, has reserved his judgment Letters of administration have been issued in the following willa -Joseph Dodson Owen musician, Brisbane, poisonalty £200, to Mar) Owen, widow Henry Brown, manufacturer, Buckholni Bum, Selkirk, Scotland, personalty £1250, to J II riow or, of liisbane, solicitor John Minaguo Kelly, miner, Gympie, ¡ir sonnlty, ¿¿10, realty £2S0, to Alargarot kells, of Gympie, tudow , David Bowen, labourer of Brisbane, personalty £110, realtj, £1S0, to Margaret Bow en, of Busbano, widow, Alfred Andeison, minor, Ravenswood, personally £320, to A W Chambeis, of Brisbane attor noy for W A Bowles, of Wisbeoh, England Mario Bachert, wifo of Henry Bachert, lîoelc himpton, realtj £00, to Henry Bachert of Rockhampton, draper John Woodland, yeo man, Iiungdule, personalty, £1S0, to Arthui Tohn Woodland, of Irvingdale, selector Pro bato of tho following wills has been granted -Benjamin Pastle, Pittsworth, farmer, per sonnlty £llot, to John Joseph Daniel aud Ebenezer Daniel, both of Pittswoith William Ilolhday, fat mer, Sherwood, personalty ACt> îealty £240, to T and W Holhdav, both of Beenleigh Ann Bradburn, widow, Warsrio», perbonalty £70, to William Burns, of Warwick earner Robert Trancis Hassall, surveyor, Esk, personalty £G70, to Helena Hannah Hjesall, of Esk, widow, Jamos Gibbon gentleman, Brisbane, personalty £191 3ob to Henry "Wortley Lamb, of Brisbane Ludwig George Bauer, Cooktown, Government oflicer, personalty, £oo0, to Otto Bauer, of Busbane The Curator of Intestate Estates was granted leave by Mr Justice Hatding m Chambers on Tuesday to administer the following e tates -Win Gordon Bell, Robert M'Kee, M Toonoj, and Stuart "Workman George Norman, of Eddistown, Mount Jones, hairdresser, and John Albert Bolde man, of Rockhampton, clerk, were on Tuesday adjudicated insolvents upon their own peti- tions. Tho following small debt cases were decide I yesterday at the South Brisbane Police Court by Mr Day, FM -Graziers' Butcherag Company v Mrs Mary Porter, £1 la Si, goods sold, verdict for plaintiff with o co t» City and Suburban luel Company v R H Mann, £1 Is , goods sold \eidict lor pi utii with 5a posts H Horns y Weir, £3, j»« "y duo Tordictfcr plaintiff loi £2 Ma 0d wi h Cs costs Tho two last-m«ntlonel ca^es ssere defended The monthly meeting of the Brisbane Coi-j ber of Commerce, which was to have been beM j esterday in accordance with the rule» of tee chamber, again lapsed for want of a quciiu this being the third timo m succession the stn e thing has occurred It wau stated that t'p president, tho Hon John Donnld-on, \sa»asvty at the Toowoomba show, and that a large n in . ber of other members liad speeial business i n gagemente The secretary had, previous ti ti « time fixed for the meeting, called upon a,«« many of theraeuibersinordertO'=ecureaqu ru l if possible After waiting half-an-hour cn y fire members of the Oharaber were prccnt out of a ht,t of 110-namely. A- J Cat i (.vice-president), T E White, J P i} "Winton, E Bland, S M. Caf, and the secretary, Mr. Sidney Larard. The meeting was then adjourned for a week. j A special meeting of tho Piro Brigades Board was convened for 11 o'clock yesterday morning at tho Town Hall, for the pnrpoje of consider- ing tho proposals discussed a few days ago by the meeting of joint committees of the board and the South Brisbane Municipal Council on the subject of handing over the South Brisbane plant to this latter body. After waiting for half an hour, thero not being a quorum present, it was resolved to adjourn the meeting until 3 o'clook on Friday afternoon. The only members of the board who attended were his worship tho Mayor and Mr. B. Mac "Donnell. The secretary of the hoard (Mr. Sayce), and Mr. Hinton, the superintendent oi the Brisbane Fire Brigade, were also present. The programme of events for the Exhibition next weok will be found in an advertisement on the front page to-day. It will be seen that the interest will be well kopt up throughout. Monday will bo devoted to judging tho various I classes of exhibits, with tho exception ol' the «pecial prizes, which will be distributed as fallows :-On Tuesday, tho opening day and tne whole holiday, there will be parades from 11 to 12 o'clock. The gentlemen's and ladies' hacks will be judged from 12 to 1, and in the after- noon the walking prize. Ladies' hunters (pre- liminary stage) and heavy-weight hunters are r-ot down for decision. The parades, both of horses and cattle, will continue throughout tho week from II to 12, and as the ring is now so largo and commodious, all olasses of stock will "bo able to parade at the samo time. On Wed- nesday morning, after the parade, tho single harness horses will bo judged for paoe and aotion, and in the afternoon the trotting ponies, ladies' hunters (final), and trotters' sweepstakes aro tho events ior decision. On Thursday, after the parades, the polo prizes are to bo contended for, and in the afternoon boys' ponies and miniaturo hunters from 2 to 3.30, and then the large class of light-weight hunters have to be disposed of. As a salo ring has been erected on the hill opposite tho grand stand, sales will bo able to take place on Thursday, though Priday will be the day more especially set apart for the auctioneers. In the afternoon of Friday there will also be the trials of sheep-dogs in the ring1. It has been determined to keep the Exhibition open during the evening, that is to say from 7 to 10 J o'clook, and there will doubtless be the usual attraction in the way of baud and side shows to amuse the visiting public. The usual fortnightly meeting of tho Articled Cleiks' Association was held in the Civil Court, ! Supremo Court Buildings, last night. Mr. Virgil Powor presided, and the question for ! debate was the advisablenees or otherwise of I the abolition of breach of promise of marriage actions. Messrs. Atthow and Stumm spoke in the affirmative, whilst Mossrs. A. Smith and C. Boland supported tho negative view of the proposition. After hearing the varions argu rients adduced, tho chairman complimented tho members on the excellent manner in which thoy had spoken and the research their words showed. Tho question was then put to the meeting, and tho negativo was carried by a large majority. On tho motion of Mr. Douglas, a vote of thanks was unanimously accorded tho chairman, who expressed tho pleasure ho felt in being prosent and his willingness to attend on any future occasion. A meeting of the committee of tho School of Arts was held at that institution last nicht. Mr. R. Galley ocoupied tho chair and there weio present Messrs. J. M. Myers, R, S. Hurd, J. W. Sutton, P. T. 1?. Keogh, and R. Reudle. The minutes of tho previous meeting having been read and confirmed, correspon- dence was road from tho lecturer in building instruction and two of his pupils in reference to an approaching examination, and from tho teacher of meohanical drawing. Tho letters were referred to tho Technical Collego Com- mittee. Accounts amounting to £79 ISs. 4d. wera pa*sed for payment. It was agreed that tho auditors should bo paid £2 2s. each, but that as the Pinauco Committee checked all the accounts with the cash-book, tho auditors should in future act in an honorary capacity. Tho chairman said that tho sub- committee appointed had made arrangements for holding a meeting in reference to the for- mation of a literary circle, but it had been adjourned until a sufficient number of names had been procured. A number of the members interested would not bo ablo to attend a meeting this week. It was agreed to adjourn tho meeting until next woes, on a day to bo fixed. It was stated by tho chairman that tho whole of tho specifications of patents were nt present lying in the museum, where they wero entiroly inacooseiblo, and it was rosolved to ascertain if the removal of tho patents to the School of Arts could not bo effected. The monthly general meeting of tho Toowong Volunteer Fire Brigade was held in the Shire Council Chamber, Sylvan-road, Toowong, on Monday evening. Mr. James Valentine (superintendent) was in the chair, and the other members present were : Messrs Sweat- man (lieutenant), Horn, Derbyshire, J. Butter- field, Smith, Shaddock, Rendall, Tull, Richer, Moffat, Hodgson, Knight, Cattle, Edwards, Hill, Dore, S. Butterfield, Pierson, and Eck- ford (hon. secretary). The minutos of the pre- vious meeting were read and confirmed. The following correspondence was read :-Outward: To R. C. Ghest and Co., Sydney, accepting tender for twenty-five axes. To Mr. J. F. Thallon, traffic-manager Southern and Western Railway, thanking him for permission to erect bell, &c.;, in railway goods yard, , and informing him the brigade had been offered more convenient premises. Inward : From R. C. Ghest and Co., advising axes, and enclosing receipt and list of prices. From Mr. J. F. Thallon, granting permission to widen door of railway goods shed, &o.; The secretary's report of fires was received and adopted. Lieutenant Sweatman handed in a donation of £2 2s. from Mr. Wm. Hicks, and the secretary was requested to thank bim for samo. It was decided that tenders for erecting the new fire station (labour only) bo confined to members of the brigade. The following wore appointed a concert committee:-Messrs, Derbyshire, Horn, Edwards, Dore, and Eck- ford. It was decided to inspect all the fire- plugs in the shire on the 20th instant. The pocretary was requested to convey the thanks of tho brigade to the following :-Mr. Moffat, for use of his yard as a fire station ; Messrs. Lahey Bros., Woolloongabba, for timborforbcll stand; Mr. Thos. Lea, Queen-street, for donation of £l ; and Messrs. KUngner and Sons, for bolts. A meeting of the committee of the Brisbane Engineers' Rifle Club was hold on Tuesday WKhl at the Adelaide-street drill-shed Lieutenant Hutchison presiding. The business M the meeting was principally confined to the discussion of arrangements for the future corn Petitions of the club. The chairman expressed his willingness to contribute £5 towards a trophy to be competed for by members of the club on such conations as might be deemed »oit likely to conduce to the interests of the club in the promotion of rifle shooting. The committee decided to add another £3 towards the cost of. such a trophy. It di t IA., that ln futur° the club should, hold monthly matches, and, so far » pncbmUe, on tho second Saturday in every .onth, the first competition under the new wrangement to be held on Saturday, the 8th of Kel ember next. It oould not be finally ÎÎÏ. uvW ÜU5 meeÜnS whether the trophy U-ouM be ,Tw r the ^ ot ¡gfV year s shooting or whether it ahould he toeited « a challenge trophy, which fa ^ ££%£ must be won by the samo man two years in succession or any threo years. It was, however, considered, if not decided, that unless such additions should bo mado to the Prize Fund as would enable the committee to givo an annual prize for tho highest scorer, and offer a chnllengo trophy in addition, that tho trophy now offered should bo awarded to tho man who might make tho highest aggregate score during tho year in BÍX out of the twelve monthly matches, the highest score in each successive two months to count, so that a man failing to attend two matches in succession would miss ono out of the six scores ho would otherwise be entitled to count. The arrangements for tho trophy of the year, or the challenge trophy, would not however affect the money prizes at each monthly match, srhicli would bo awarded upon the one event only. Our Thursday Island correspondent tele- graphed under Monday'silate:-"Somecurio-ity is felt hera as to when tho immigration depot will be commenced. Tho tenders closed in May last, mid tho Government hollis tlio tenderers' deposits. It is thought that the Government should at ouoo declaro tho accepted tender and return tho other deposits." Upon inquiry we find that these statements are incorioct. The tender of Thomas Hannah was accepted somo finio ago, and tho deposits of tho oilier ten- derers wero returned. The bond is now signed, and the balance of tho deposit is expected to arrivo shortly. There will, therefore, be as ittlo delny as posïiblo in tho erection of the building. Tho "Colleen Bown" was given at the Theatre Royal last night for the last time this season, and this evening "East Lynne" will be produced. The ediliou played will bo different from thoso bet>t known to Brisbane playgoers, being that originally given in London when it was first dramatised, and introducing a number of characters not generally seen. Miss Marian Willis should have full scopo for her varied powers in the part of the unfortunate Lady Isabel, and the cast is in other respects a strong one. Mr. Bland Holt's production of thesensa- ] tioual drama, " The World," continues its successful career at tho Opera Hoiiio, and no chango of programme is announced at present. Jack Burko has completed his engagement with tho circus, and has mado arrangements with tho proprietors of the Crystal Palaco Skating Rink, at the Centennial Hall, to givo four performances there, commencing to-mor- row evening. On that occasion Peter Newton will encounter " Starlight," and O'Lenry and "Finney will decido who ia to rocoivo the gold medal offered by Mr. Burke. A skating contest between two amnteurB, A. Brasch and T. Milne, for a trophy, took placo at theSouth BrisbanoRinkoiiTuebduynight, and was witnessed by n largo crowd of people. A very bad sturt was made, Brasch getting away first, and about tho third lap Milne tell. His opponent drew away from him, and won easily, tho time, which was not very fast, being about fivo minutes. A large uudiencoattonded at tho AlbionPublic Hall on Tuesday night to listen to a humorous lecture by Mr. J. M'Intyre, entitled " Popping tho Question." Mr. M. B. Gannon, M.L.A., occupied the chair, and on tho platform with him were Alderman Galloway, Councillors C. Ryan, A. M'Nish Fraser, K. M'Lennan, W. H. Lane, and G. G. M'Lennan, Messrs. H. Powell, and A. Ferguson. Tho lecture was preceded by a number of songs and musical selections, including a pianoforte duet by two ".ady friends, which was very well rendered, und a bolection of Scotch airs on an Knglisli concertina by Mr. J. Gregory. Mr. A. Fergn 8011, Scotch vocalist, for his song, " Jolly Shepherda" received an enthusiastio encoró. Tho lecturer gave a description of the difi'oront modes of popping the question from tho Garden of Edon period down to the present timo, describing the poouliar marriage rites among tho different races of mankind. At tho con- clusion a hearty voto of thanks was accorded to him for his lecture, and to the chair- man for presiding. The proceeds are to bo dovoted to assisting tho building fund of the Lutwyche and Albion School of Arts. Thero aro on viow at tho shop of Mr. T. Rorke, cabinetmaker, Queen-street, two very "joautiful ottomans, whioh. havo boon prepared for the Melbourne Exhibition, The needle vork has been very artistically executed in wool tnd beads by Mrs. D. G, Stewart, and consists of flowers and birds. The frames, which have leen constructed on Mr. Eorke's premises, aje of Queensland pine, stained in imitation of vahuit. Tho Bulimba School of Arts Dobating Class net at tho institution ld°t night, tho president (Mr. Bartholomew) ocoupiug tho chair. Thcro wero fifteen mombers present, The subject« for discussion were "Water Conservation," 'Drainage," and "Recreation Grounds," but after the minutes, lmd been read it was thought by some of thoso present that tho class should ba mado a parliamentary one. It was con- tended that such a chnncjo wo,i«d prove benefi- cia1 to the mombers, and tliat moro interest in tho class would bo oxcitail. After soino discus- sion, it was decidid that the class in future, should be styled the Bulimba Sohool of Arts Parliamentary Debating Clats, an amendment th>t tho words " School of Arts" beomlttedbemg negatived, nnd Mr. D. T. Lyons was deputed to form a " Miuistry." A paper on " R-acrea tioi grounds" was read by Mr. Blojr, and briefly discussed to fill up tho time. The Presbytery of Brisbane met on Tuesday night in Ann-street Church, the Rev. J. Carson, moderator, occupying the chair. It wad re- poned that tho Rev. P. H. Laird had been in- duced to tho charge ni Harrisville on tho 22nd July. A call from the church at Esk was pre- sented to the Rev. James M'Queen, a recent arrival from Scotland. Mr. M'Queen cordially accepted tho call, and the induction was fixed to tuto placo on Tucday, 21st August, at 4 p.m. Mr. M'Queen has ministered in the district with much acceptance for some time, and there la every prospect of & very happy settlement« -A- committee was appointed to moke arrangements for centennial evangelistic eerTices and a Presbyterial prayer meeting. Mr. Robert J. Wallace, a student from Glasgow, was introduced to the Presbytery and recommended to the Home Mission Committee for employment. Rev. J. Ewen goes to Tallo bndjfera to open the new church on the Suth instant. An action has boen commenced (says tho Argita^ of the 1st instant) by tho Victorian Cable Traction Company against tho Melbourne Tramway Trust to recover damages for an alleged infringement of a patent for the work- ing of a cable tram. The defendants, among other defences, pleaded that tho invention olairaed by the plaintiffs was not a novelty; that it hut been used in London, in Paris, and in California. An application was mado yesterdaj to Mr. Justice Holroyd in the Supremo Court on behalf of the plaintiffs to strike out this portion of tho defence as being embarrnsiing. It was contended that the fact that the tram had been used in other places than Victoria was no defence to an action for infringement of a patent granted in Victoria. For Ino defendants it was submitted that tho defence which had been pleaded, and which was objected to, was material, as showing that there waa no novelty in the alleged invention. His Honour reserved his decision. Mr. Hodçca appeared for the plaintiffs ; Mr. Hood for the defendants. the* Q^Ä110*Sl T"**1^ °f snareholders of CÁS^J^S^S^^^^ the 