BLACK -BLOOt i t A PECULIAR CASE. By GEORGE MANVILLE FEN, Author of-" The Master of the Ceremonies," "The Parson o' Dumford," Etc. BOOK II. CHAPTER L. (CorninEsD.) Shereeled and would have fallen but .for DMargery's strong arms, but she was quite insensible when they reached her room. Meanwhile, Jack Thompson paced up and down in the barracks, with his shadow growing longer as he receded from the lamp, and becoming shorter as he approached it again, till it became that of a pigmy, a mere blotch -about his feet, when .he passed under the mp .anbove the entry, and began once more to increase the end of his beatin the other direction, which he had justreached, when he observed two dark figures rising apparently out of the obscurity, " What ! you're back again !" he cried. But it was a different voice whic h ex. claimed : " Hush !" " Why, Chip Tarn, I thought you were ill a-bed."' " I have been, but.I was obliged to getup, I couldn't lie there with a mate in such troiible as poor Rob Black's." muttered Jack. Then aloud - "Well, what is it 7" "Don't make a noise, Jack, " ' Now, look here, Chip Tarn, you ought to know better than to come here," said Jack, in an ill-used way. " And who's that girl ?" " It's me, Jack Thompson," saidNelly, in a piteous voice. " Don'tscold him, please, He wouldn't for ever so long, but when I said I'd come alone if he didn't, he came with me." " What for 7" said Jack, roughly. "' Only to ask you to let me see him for a few minutes." " Have you a pass ?" " Pass 7 No," cried Nelly. "Who'd giveo me a pass ? Let us go in, please," " Chip, my lad," said Jack, reproach fully, " this is cruel to everybody, and you oughtn't to have done it. No, my lass," he continued to Nelly, " it can't be doneand you know it." " But only for a minute, Mr. "Thompson. Pray-pray do." Chip sighed bitterly as he stood a few steps aside, " I can't, my gal, I can't." " Not if I'm with her, Jack Thompson ?." said Chip, hoarsely. " No, not if you're with her. Why, con founmd you for a reckless young scoundrel, you ought to know better than to tempt a mate away from his duty." -..' But you will let me go," cried Nelly, piteously. Jack placed his carbine across his breast once more, and then uttereda sigh of relief, for there was the distant; tramp of feet heard. " Sergeant Slack with the relief," hesaid, abruptly. The name of the non- commissioned officer acted like magic on Nelly, who turned and fled away into the darkness, leaving Chip with the sentry. " Who will relieve you ?" he said. " Don't know, my lad, so I can't say," cried Jack Thompson, shortly. " There, I don't want tobe hard, and I know what a deal you thought of the poor chap, though you always had a hard word for him lately ; but soldiers can't afford to be soft, my boy, not even when they goes toea funeral. So it will be to- morrow after the volleys are fired. Poor Rob Black will be covered over, and then we must go on as before and lullo ! the poor boy has gone." Two minutes later Jack Thompson was relieved, and the stepsof the sergeant and his men had hardly died away when the trumpeter came forward out of the darkness and strove by every movement-bribery, eajolery, and threats-to obtain admission to where Rob Black sat waiting for the morning which was to be his last. But the efforts were all thrown away, and after pacing'the barrack yard the night through, and seeming to forget there was such a thing as fatigue, Chip Tara stole back to quarters just before daybreak, and, un Iheard, crept back to the sick bed, but with fever mounting higher in the brain, and a disposition to begin, muttering in a way that would have startled any one who could have heard. CHAPTER LI. A dull, cold, leaden-grey morning, with the birds which appeared here and there hopping about disconsolately; and giving themselves a fluttering shake to get rid of the morsture which, had fallen during the dawn. Rob had slept little during the night, and morning had found him.seated upon the edge t of the rongh bed, gazing at the faint grey light which slowly filled dis cell. Hislast morning upon an earth which had had few charms for him. Hle had prayed, and as he had prayed he had wondered why he should have been born to so much misery and despair. HIe had seen others happy and joyous, but his life seemed to him. to have been not only a curse to himself but to all he en countered, and with a bitter laugh he told himself that it was better that he should die. - Suppose his plans had succeeded, and he had escaped with fulda, what would it have meant l Poverty and degradation forher, to satisfy his selfish love. It was better as it was. lie wass to die,. and the sooner he died the sooner he would be at rest. The chaplain had been to him again and again, and spoken lovingly and kindly to him of repentance, and he had looked at him with wondering eyes, for he could only feel a sensation of delight when he thought of the crime forwhich he was to.suffer. He had. beaten Miller itill his enemy could hardly crawl, and after his own sufferings at his. rival's hands, repentance for his crime would not find a place in his.breast, so that the chaplain found no hope there, but came away sad and discomfited. There was but one regret in Rob's breast,. and that was atpiarting with so many, good fellows in the regiment, where his. enemies could be numbered upon the fingers of one haild. And then there was poor old.Dick, the. faithful, true companion, who hadimplored: him again and again for permission to send for D'Alton, but only to receive stern refusals and commands that he should hold his peaoe. "Why should they know, Dick 1" said: Rob, laying his hand kindly ortho faithful fellow's shoulder. " My mother cared very little for me, and it would only make her miserable, while my father would bitterly feel the disgrace of his son being shot for a deserter and onewho had struck his superior officer." " Buthe could do something, sir, to save your life," Dick pleaded again, without avail, andat last he had to leavo the prisoner alone. And now the morning had come-that dull, leaden morning-and Rob said bitterly to himself that it was far better to say good- bye to the world at a time.like this, than when all was bright and cheerful, and everything hide him live and love It was. all over, and nothing was Ieft'for him to do but forget Hulda--everything-aind let Miller see that he could die like a soldier. At last, after what seemed an interminable time, there was the. tramp, tramp of the guard, and he was to be marched out to his death. No: the men were halted, and it was merely the change of sentries. The order was given, the steps died away, and a heavy ace echoed in the passage outside the prison door.. " . "Pst! Pat!": There was a sharp sibilant sound, but IRob hardly heeded it, and it was repeated. "Pl't ! Pet ! Rob Black !" "Who's there?" said Rob, movingtoward the door, for there was the faint hope in'his S'ublishedbyapecialrrange?mtwith theauthor. brain that it might be some message-some kindly farewell from Hulda. \- '`Me, lad -Jack Thompson." "You? Well, what is it?" said Rob, !" 1ome closer to the window, lad, orIshall be hard." Rob, moved nearer as requested, but in a dull inb'ifferent way, for he was mentally stunned, :.and asked for nothing better than to be allowed to finish his last moments in pence. "I only wanted to say a few words, my lad," said Jack.; "You and me never hit it off very well together. becimse I was a thick headed, fool, and took fancies again you. But they're all gone now, and I wanted to say God bless you, my'lad, and how sorry I am, and that's what every lad in the regi ment feels.c " Thank you, Jack, thank you," saidtRob, calmly. " We've talked it over and over, msy .d; and we're most ready to mutiny, only 'o haven't got no head." " Hush, man, hush !" " No, no, it arun'a thing to be hushed, and` the men feel it bitterly." "No, no; say no more. I was tried and condenmned. Tell ie where Dick is. Why does he not come tePsy good-bye 1" " Dick, my had?' Haven't they told you". - S"Told me what?" eat?ed'Rb, for the first tnme- growing excited. - ___ in being 1 my' lad. Broke down about you; and it's lirainever, they say." " Poor old Dick !" muttered'iRob. " I saw Mother Dann last:night when she came home to see young Chlipas is ill in bed too." SChip Tarn ill ?" " Ah, very bad, and talks wild, Dann says, and he's been much put about because he has to sit with hhnim instead of going to the canteen. And Mother Dann rays if there isn't a clhange soon he won't get over it." ' Her boy I" " No, my lad, poor Dick White,'.and him raving about the shooting and-- What a fool I am," he said, giving himself' a slap aeross the mouth. "Rob Black, mylhad' ' " There was no answer from the cell; and Jack Thompson waited a few minutes and then his voice came again. " Rob-Rob Black !" Still no answer, for Rob was seated tupon his truckle bed with his face down on'his hands, weeping bitterly for the only friend lie seemed to )iave had through his boyish days: Theopaee of the sentry and the clank othis spurs began again and then ceased, and the big bluff fellow's voice arose. " Rob;.my lad, I'd hard work to get on sentry again, and I did it so as to say good bye to youn Can you hear me, lad 1' Rob wcs- still too much stunned -by this Last news to, reply, and Jack Thompson said softly: " I'm trusting to it that you can hear me, my lad, and I'll say it out loud for self and comrades. Good-bye and God bless you!" Rob heard the-valedictory words, but he could not speak. lHe waved one hand as if it could be seen, and then sat motionless till there were stepsoncemore inside the military prison. What followed: ecemed to be part of a dream. He knew that ho was offered food, and dhat the chaplain came and prayed with him, but lie was stunned.and seemed hardly to hear a word. ITe answered mechanically to all that was said, and when at last the chap lain shook hands with him he stared-at him wonderingly. " Good-bye, Black." "Good-bye, sir! Are you going away?" "My poor boy,"' cried the chaplain, in a choking voice, "have all my words been thrown away ? Do you not realise what is about to take place?" "To take place? Oh, yes. It seems to have p:ssed away, sir. Yes. I am to be shot. Well, sir, I am ready." He drew himnself up stiffly, and at that moment there was a sharp tramp of armed men, short orders, the grounding of carbines, and the bolts were once more shot back for Sergeant O'Roulrke and a squad to enter the cell. The dreaminess carne over the prisoner once more, and it was as if through a mist that lie eaw the red face of the sergeant, blotched and mottled with white, and his eyes looking swollen and strange. Then, still as if in a dream, he took his plice when ordered and was marched out into the cold grey light, to find the regiment drawn up on parade, forming three sides of a sware. His first glance was at the colonel's house, where the blinds were all drawn down, and f, in a confused wondering way he asked him- s self who was dead. a A smile crossed his pale face directly, as he realised that it was a token of respect for 1 him, or of sorrow for his death. His next glance was at the barracks, and then back at the colonel's house, to see a t blind drawn aside and a sash slightly opened, a and as he gazed there wildly he saw that the conservatory window through which he o had paseed that night was also open, and it t brought up a flood of thoughts. "Poor Chip Tarn!" he said to himself, s " but he was staunch after all." Still all dreamy, and he wondered at his t want of dread as he found that lie was placed c in the centre of a group of men drawn up s ready. In front were the provost marshal and escort of fourmen : next the band; and after a short space he knew that he was standing I in the rear, with the chaplain at his side and 1 a guard on either hand. Behind him came Sergeant Slack, and the t rear was brought up by a party of a dozen 1 men whom he knew to be the firing party, deputed to end his life. And yet it did not seent to be his life that was to be brought to an end. .Ie could not realise all this, but with the utter absence of I dread which comes to one whose nerves are t stunned as it were by the near approach of death, he felt that he was taking part in 1 some dramatic show. Ile heard the orders given, and the first strains of the band thrilled him with a strange shudder as he realised they were Splying the " Dead March" from Saul, the weirdly mournful strains echoing from the distant buildings,. as in slow time the procession moved on. As the procession moved on a low hissing sound rose from the ranks, as if the men Swere drawing their breath hard, and more than. once a low murmuring arose, as one comrade spoke to another without turning his head or seeming to move his lips. Sb strange and yet so real: the strains of the. banal, the echoes from the walls of the barrack buildlings and stabling, the murmurs of the men; all striking strangely upon the keen senses of the prisoner, who heard and saw everything, and still with the peculiar dreamy sensation maintaining itself so that it appeared to be all in connection another man. Once and once only did the terrible scene seem real to the prisoner, and that was when the cluhplain, walking on his right, began to repeat the service for the dead. Rohalmad once stopped by a country church to witness a funeral, and.had reverently followed, after the clergyman had been down to the lychgate to meet the coffin. And now this seemed to be tle same, only that there was no coffin visible;. and yet the chaplain spoke on the various offices for the dead. With a slow formality that was appalling the procession completed its march along each side of the square, as if the authorities who planned the formality of a court-martial had determined that everything should be of a fitture to impress the spectators, and awe every turbulent spirit in the forces, so that he might hesitate long before he attempted the crime for which his comrade was to suffer. By a refinement of cruelty peculiar to these proceedings, the prisoner was halted by the open grave dug ready to receive his remains, and close to the edge of which lay I the rough coffin.' There was no tremor visible, no look of dread in Rob's face, as he gazed for a moment at the terrible preparations before facing round to listen to the next proceedings. In due form one of the officers read the l acoount of the court-martial with the prisoner's crime and sentence. The proceedings were read in a loud voice; and in the midst of the painful 'hush the last words died out as the sentence was named, the officer's hand fell to his sides and he stood gazing at the prisoner, who alone seemed unmoved. For what had he to live for I he asked him self. This was only the last scene in an unhappy life: and the sooner it was over the better now. The proceedings seemed endless, COnse quent upon the slow formality observed; but for all that they advanced rapidly, and in another minute the provost-martial had taken charge of the doomed man, and placed him close to the edge of the grave. The prisoner now looked sharply round, fully observant of what was taking place, and his eyes lit upon the stern countenance of the colonel, then upon those of the various officers with whom he had most been brought in contact. Suddenly he encountered the eyes of Captain 3Iiller gazing at I1m with a strangely eager look of hate and satisfaction that could not be misinterpreted. The two men looked full in each other's eyes for a time, dlitant as they were, and Rthen Rob turned his calmly away and watched the clhaplain and escort fall back, while a quick movement in ansmmwer to a hearse order seermed to- awaken him for a monient to the faci that the party which had mrched' behind him'in the procession about the'qinre were taklag up a position in front. "'The firingm party,' he. said-.tb lhimself; and the entee of 'th in-: t the stemn sp-iit-ti ringmah seemed to be once more hll throughim through and'through, while the deep roll of the drums- sent a shudder througihis frame. Iob's- eyes sought Miller's again, and- as he gazed at him, past the firing party, new going through tie dreadful preliminaries with the precision of disciplined men, he forgot the ndmisig end to think of IIuldh. " She will never maarry you," he said, softly. " I am spared that bitterness, and this is no time for hate." He forced himself to gaze away from- his enemy, and once more Iis eyes wandered round in search of that which was not on the way-the reprieve. Then the quick rattle of arms brought-him back to that which lie had to face, and- he scanned the ashy- countenances of the men drawn up in double rank. Huh ! A thrill of joy ran throughlhis breast, and the stunned sensation seemed to pass away like a cloud. He was too young, after all,to die-and he would live. - That something white-which he had' seen for a moment in the sergeant's hand even in the hand of the man who had been' one of his most bitter enemies; Fate -had' ordained that he was to be the bearer of the reprieve. Yes: lie did not want to die! He must he would live, and his life-blood seemed to surge wildly through his veins at the sight of that white paper the sergeant had dis played. In the midst'ofhis revulsion of feeling, Rob could hardly keep down a smile at what seemed to be a mockery. "'They have kept me on the hooks of suspense to the last moment, even to making this theatrical display of coffin and grave," he said to himself ; " and now, on the brink, I am to be snatched back !" A curious sensation of giddiness came over him, and he felt he was about to fall. By an effort of determination he recovered himself so that he should not be seen to show the white feather before his -comrades, and he stood erect, gazing at the sergeant; and then once more he grew fixed and stony, face to face with death, for it was a mocking illusion of his brain-a straw of-hope at which hoL had tried to snatch as he was drifting -fast away upon the great flood-tide that wasto bear him to eternity. " God -help me," he wispered to -himself, "to die as a brave man should." And-,he gazed once more at the. white paper the -sergeant- deliberately unfolded now. No. It was- not a paper, but a lwhite handkerchief being unfolded ready to bind his eyes.. CHAPTER LI? I r DICK iAS A lDAD NIGfn. tc " If -Iwasn't such a coward-ifI wasn't p suchacoward!" cried Dick Sogdcn, as lie t paced up,and down his room. " Howmany a times have I seemed to see it all,-haunting me-haunting me ? "IThey.say there's ghosts and the spirits of murdered men rise against them.. as kill them; : and it's just as if he was: alwaya coming to me. " " It wasn't murder. I was only fighting. for liberty, And I've seemed to see him ever since, and it has been as if I had never had f a happy hour all these years. " What I've suffered-what I've suffered I And I'msuch a coward, or I should go and speak outa:rnd save him. C " No,' no, no, I can't. They. wouldn't n believe a word of it. They'd say I was mad,. t and if they.did believe it-Alih !" He wrung his hands, and the great..drop. tl of sweat gathered on his brow as he mut tered in a harsh, angry, whisper : " And who wouldn't be a coward I Isit such an -easything to be hung? Oh,-the N times I've seen it all-the constables and t the handcuffs-the nmagistrate and the evidence-and then the trial, and the judge O speaking low and solemn and sentencing me. to death. 0 " If I wasn't such a coward ? "Poor Muster Rob. And himso trneand brave and staunch. Such a lad as he is. p I'llgo! I'll tell everything, It'll save him, and I'd betterbo hung than holdmy tongue when a word would keep him from s being shot. a " No; that devil would say it was all a lie; and then he'd hunt me down, and I should be hung-- unmg by the neck till I was dead. And I swore l'd be true to him, and a keep it all a secret. I swore I would. What didIsay P" t He shuddered as he presedhis hands tohis1 burning brow and gazed wildly round. " I don't know now. It seems all gone, but I swore it, and I've kept my oath. " But I didn't know it would come to this, and it's too horrible-too horrible for aman to bear." He stopped short close to the wall, with his head bent forward and eyes staring as if he were gazing into space, his lipsmoving the while, and at. times they were the mut terings of delirium. And then he seemedto be struggling hard to collect himself, and shook his head and passed his hands over his eyes again and again to sweep away the dimming mentad mist which confused his intellect. " Can't think-can't seem to think clearly," he muttered angrily. " Things get mixed up altogether." He stood gazing -straight at the wall againrand he burst out now in afierce denunciatory way. "Yes, I will," he crid, " I dare tell everything. He's a brave, true, noble fellow, and you've been a curse to him. Yes, you. A brute.. I've seen you lashhim like a dog, as you've lashed me with your tongue. Like a dog.-treated me like a dog treatedus alllike. dogs. But I'vekept my word. I swore I'd do everything you said, andI've done it, Ah!" He rushed to the side of the room, poured out some water qqickly, and bent down to bathe his brow." " Seems to clear one, like," he muttered, as he held the towel to his face. " 1 can think now, and there isn't that black cloud pressing down upon a man's head." He began to pace the room again. " If I only dared speak-if I only dared speak i" he groaned,.as he sank down in a sitting position on the edge of his bed, and began to reek limself to and fro. " What did he say? That so sure as there was a God.n above he'd denounce me and leave no stone unturned to send me to 1 the gallows--and lihe would-he would and I'm a coward, a- miserable coward. I always was. " Never mind, Master Rob,. lad,"and he spoke in a light, half-piteous way, as if.the person addressed were. present-" its only a short and a sharp sting. You're a soldier, e and it's what he might expect some time or a other. You gave it him. well, and can. feel happy about that; and: It can tell. you one thing, lad;. mucholder, asl. am, that. life ain't worth having; it's been .to me almost a curse. Better out of it, my In'd, and go to sleep-eh F'" ho bent forward Thd'smiled as 1lhe vacant look uponhis face increased . " Why don't I goout of it ? W don't I tell the truth l Hah I- That's it. I'm such a coward, my lad, such a coward, I daren't speak,, not even to give you yon, own, Ah, it's weary work, hid, when you've got something like this on your mind. bleeping or waking, it's always there. His cgyeslooking at you, and telling you that you killed him. I've seen him pointing lots of times to a crowd on a dark msrneng, and when I looked there was something swinging to and fro above the crowd,andI darcn'tlook any more; and then he has seemed to" laugh and. jeer at me, as if hawasrpleased that I should be punished and suffer as I do." Dick leaped up with an angry scry, and looked wildly round as lie pressed, his brow. " 'Tain't drikl" ie muttered thickly. " I haven't touched a-drop,, but it's just likoit was that time after the whiskey. Seemse.Ul real-like, and asif I. was talking to him; Seems to be sitting there and looking at me with those bright eyes of his and asking me to save hit: Said he was so young and didn't want to die like that. " Poor lad," he saidafter a pause, "Why should he when threm'sonly me in the way I I willspeak. I'll goto hsholond and tell him rctb t ifr i cTlykeeep myhead and 'reme?eir iai's dwan'Ltesay, but it keeps going from me. Seems like- walkingstraight to the gallows, and they'd'try me and hang me for it. What of that ?: It would be the saving of as true a lad as cirr stepped and it would make those old people happy two who never did me lotiin. I will tell them. I'll make a clean breast before it is too late, and before he comes. '"No, no, I cannot," groaned the hmbappy ramn wildly, and lie stood pointing before him. " As soon as I say I will, le seems to e lying out therein the copse, among the wetleaves aud dripping grass, andl he opens his eyes and looks at me, andi-there he is again. Don't-don't--don't, master-doun't look at me like that. It was an accident-the gun went off in the tussle.' Dick sank upon his knees and strefched out his hands as he gazed into vacancy. "" I couldn't help it-you knowIcouldn't help-it,. and that I'd sooner have cut-ff,my right hand than pulled the trigger. Don't look at me like that. Help-help I What shall Ido 1" The wretched man sank down from where liehad cast himself upon his knees andlay grovelling upon the floor. "'It isn't that I'm afraid to die. I''e suffered. so much that my Pfe has been a hell upon earth, but it's that- it's that. ISgi always there, seeming as if he'd drag me down-drag me down, and I daren't-I daren't face that. It is too terrible to bear:' "'WhatshallI do? Let that brave, young fellow die, or speak the truth ? "'lNo, Idarm not. When he comes he'll tcllSirPhlilip;.andit will allbe stopped. How ong will it be before he comes ? The letters must reach himin;.and I've sent them both, in spite of all he said. Poor lad-poor lad!" Dick at last rose from where he lay with the intention of going to Sir Philip's room, waking him and making a full confession of iis sins ; but as soon as he reached the door, it seemed to him in his over-excited state that the mlrdered' gamekeeper stood in his way, threatining him with extended hand, and he shrank back with- a wild cry, to cast himself, writhing in agony; irpon'the bed. Afiw' words bravely spoken would have changcd the current'of events; and Richard Seglden fought hard to speak those words. Hour succeeded hour with determination to act coming and coming again and again; but it was always the same as the wild fit of delirium increased. There stood by him the figure of Rob, despairingly pleading that he would save his life, and on the other hand, like some mocking fiend, the form of the dead keeper standing in his way to drive him back. " It's so that I shan't do aught that might tellformoby-and-bye," groanedDick. "It' to make sure of me when I'm trying to do right. Mlilster Rob, lad, I want to save you. I'm ready-to die so thatyou may live, but it's too late-too lato now. Look there," andhe paused, as he pointed straight before; " he's topping me-hlie won't let me go past him, and it's too-lite." CHAPTER LIII. b DOCTOR 8 OPITON. Dick Sogden was not the only sleepless one in that house. - d The hours passed slowing on, and Sir a Philip Cope lay thinking and jealously care ful not to move, lest he should cause Lady e Cope to speak.. h or he was convinced that she was awake. i Over and over again a smothered sigh had escaped her lips, and there had been a faint movement asif a handkerchief were passed to two weeping eyes. "I'd give anything," thought the colonel, t "to save him, but it cannot be. What's that ?" He listened attentively, for he fancied that r he heard a sound in the house, but itwas not repeated, and he lay thinking again for a f time. l Then there was another sound as of a loud cry, smothered by passing through wall and door, and, glad of the opportunity for chaniging the current of his thoughts, Sir Philip hastily rose and began to dress. He left his place very quietly, but he had proof positive directly that Lady Cope wa?s "Is anything wrong, dear?" she said, softly. "Are you ill? Can I fetch you anything"'. - "Ill? No, no," he said, hastily. "Don't be alarmed." " What is it ?" she cried, excitedly. "A messenger from town 1" " No, no," he said angrily, as he grasped the bent of her thoughts, and it exasperated him. "I thought I heard a noise down stairs." " A noise ?" "Yes. Lie still. It maybe nothing, but I'll go and speak to White." " There is something wrong," said Lady Cope, excitedly, for at that moment there was a pquick tap atthe door. "Yes! Who's there?" "3rargery, Sir Philip. Would youplease to get up !" lie threw on his dressing-gown and opened the door, to find the confidential servant waiting with a candle in her hand. which she held over the balustrade above her head as she gazed down. " What is it, Margery 1" "I don't know, Sir Philip; only that I have heard something again and again. I could not sleep." The execution met him at every turn, and lie gave an impatient stamp as he said hastily: "The sentries; or. something, perhaps, at the stables.' " No, Sir Philip,. I have tried to think it was that, but it is downstairs. Either poople have broken in or White is taken " White 1" "Yes. I heard i noise not many minutes ago, as if some one had fallen against a door, and I'm afraid it must be White in hiL room.:.' " I'll be there directly," said Sir Philip excitedly. "Only. an. attack of colic, or something of that kind,. my dear," he said to Lady Cope. "Don't be ahmnned. He went out, to find Margery very pale and trembling; and, trying to reassure her, they hurried to the man's room to find the door fastened on the inside. Sir Philip knocked sharply. "White!" he exclaimed, " is anything wrong 1" A.deep groan.was the only answer. " Stand aside,"' said the colonel, and stepping back, he made a rush at the door, I bursting the lock from?its hold. White lay on. the floor moaning, and with his lips.moving fast.. e Sir Philip looked: round i . searc of signs e of forcible entry, and" then at the servant for a injuries; but it was plain enough to see that the poor fellow.w as suffering from a seizure, r and as the colonel bent over.lin hle caught 1 from time to time some of, the incoherent : exressious.wliieh.fellfroim.Wites lips. 0 l I could;make nothingof: them, however, and after vainly trying to make the sufere. partake of a little water, Sir Philip turned tq; ra,"in, I' afaid," he said. "The poor fellow is the friend and companion of Privato Black, and this terrible business has been preyingupon his mind." Shall I fetch the doctor, sir? . " No: I can't send you out in the middle of the night," said Sir Philip, shortly. "Stay with the poor fellow till I return. "Brain, sir, brain," said the doctor, when had been fetched. "Good heavens! a, v the poor fellow keeps on wandering aite,! death and punishment."' ab ,? wonder," said Sir philip, shortly. " He 's poor Black's friend. "h Oh'' said the doctor, quietly. "That accounts' for it. Poor fellow I I suppose there is to .be a reprieve, Sir Philip 2" ,,For B ".kl No." " Oh' c e, sir. You'll excuse me, I know but t aurn ly that case might be met by a few montias' pa nshment." "I7o, doctor, the court-.3nOAD will h,~o to be cav"ied out." " BO ",DB; really-,T would plainly, but Bln got not no m deserear d rip, "The private sh or struck hrs. offiLet andi: sslhere Inornh afterward then bA s she certainly wilm 'e for disciplin tYou think it is train, then ?" "arrieUndout tel? brou t on a l n asnth Tis doctor en k ris dearte, di his wandl," erin ndthe elig halfstartly, Icn ntimes by the n t xtito ed tt a'tf murdsht of n ow:eimn'n I feel'itties tioe't.m .p rotest." - "we did hrot mak,7nmars'i t-kr ; we are oilly dreits ad of pntis, nd and v of so don't yo think eusworne; but isiely iball down rren nature man's delirim, and w n hour th aher wcto shreliggedy the coming of M.' s if itwasLb t ou r oitientu ife theb "alLet of be inere the morddli othe night,.hen must hare liini in hospitals, ns 'so her ladyship fsrbids his rci'evaI_" "s she uncertinlyed ai pron whic shl took think ita capaciousin, the, "and putit on aft "Undouttsa' k; brought on- ty' ? sontal anging herety I shawl say. Ib muset nup hind efth I'll send in oensof the wormen~-Jars: ]Iim oor.he doctor tok his departure, di Philip sat by t;i sick ml's sides lhandtc upn hi his wadebrow.ing-c feeling half tartled at times by the wild eixited talisef murder- -s hd been sworn;s but he set id."Srll down 'to" the man's delTrinma , and witlcshan hour thoi watcher was relic-:ed by the coining of - Mrs:. Dano, quiet, grave and compswear it edwas alooking as if it was part-ci her reguisr -life to-hoe called out of bed irsthe inoddle o'the night,. as she unrolled an 'epmn whic's shi took: from a capncious pclled the u and it on caughfter hanging her shawl r, bonnet up ldn't ind eedth, door. Hon't do for you nsir. Don't tell saidir servant's shrot-he'dead! "Sir hilip's thatlip que id, Sir Phiturip?" "away his eyes, ncount. rin'hose of theu? "I'll confess now. 'll tell you all. Loet t hey 'listed toetlihe. Tsir, shan't shootr - Ohim. , no, no,sir. Iboy wearto be it was an?" accident. Yourlyull and, more deeply mod it caught in tho sblckthorn bush. Iwalked ouldn't oft hurtm: hair of your head, ir, I wouldn't indeed,.oor sir. Don't betray mo, E-r:- It was an accident, sir, 'pan foy it-was. oc'll be like your do, si my. Tdear. Tsn ranythingr, - wouldn't do fb r you ir. Dont the pill, sir.. Ah ! lie's shot-he's dead "" Sir aches, ailip' lip qyouivre all, in troube tured tr away his eyes, encounterin- the se of the - - "They 'listed toghe sietker, sir, and his poor head's running on Robert Black's execution. Oh,aiser, is that poor rooy to be e not?" "Silencc, woman !" said Si'-, Philip,'. sternly, and, moro deeply moved than ho cared to show, lie dowlkedn out of the kisom:he Dick watchd himstar wildly til the door - closedh, and then turned and-involu stared, bu-t Mr-icks. Das dsaed her. "Hand gone-to foathe polild man. h, ho- hicloser. It.wa an accident. Poor fellow "NShot, no, no, my deashotr. There; athnd the lay your poor brnI'd head doive on the pill-o'd - It aches, and you're all in trouble, but' try - ha' kd go to sleep. n as she bent down over the hbed frond hid-her hand upon the sick man's forehead;s yo raised when I s, claspd the fever o bad e. D nckyo. drawing her fac owe f to his, and issedr her fellow," said. . D , softly. "No no; Th"So ormanrible to s sthooarted ack anrily, .and-hero hand was- invotarily raisey, butno speaDick'sk." " Bords disarhoed her. " BuThn they, motll-her," he said, -. gentlheyll ."That's like . d timelles. I seem to havwould, dreamed that you were dead and. gone-dead'. and gone-to tme.me old man. Hush, comad way closer. It-was ci accident. Poor fellow V Shot, you kniew-shofrant, other; and thboy he Alway wit te blood runnings. from hi alsoftly. n ut there. I'd haou' gve theeworlmy-or Iad,.and ha' killed niyelf, to bring him back. Don't;: you believe it of on, dear." "His poor -head !" said ? rs. Dana, softly, .a s sYou bcarbine, lack Dick's hair from hack, s brow. "That's nice," he sighed. . "Just-assyo . did when I Yd the fever so ad. - Dbeacon rackyo remember %'. "Ho t a piece a evfor his mother, poor fellow," said.Mrs. Dann, softly. "No, no; e still-lie still.'" "It' o hoeasyibl to shoot a man, wand. you sDicktand byrher anrm. " One pull not speakof th." " But let's hlps they will not,. my.dssr." "But they will-yes- they -will. - They'll hanrigerus m a .touch, andd tell. here he' would, Deand he -naded sw- dear. oord ! Always such a nicefrnk, hany case.s and I've listened do now," muttr' aid Mrs. Dannu.. softly. "But there, you go to sleep,.my -lad, annd you'll he btter soon." up." Dick's ed atcloseder wilthe, and he droply. "Where'lips mygn?"oved said, shrploke in a heincoughtherent mhanerd. "his wshortds alwayg." relatinYour carbine, and Ithe waontcher culdk, I thcreli Yes,; hid it in thly beac onf ck. t'sentence rang piecin ver ars, and . I more kill with it."! fully thand you ma:i thank your stars thate you haven't to use it, my lad," said for. Danrs. D had sat thrugh t long, dreary hour eas watchingoo a man,'.' wdap-re break Dick seemed to be sprinhrrm. Oeping peacefully of the room straight, the nurse went down o thios kithe un, partook ofis some breakt 'fo ast witf he wiad bn apeakingg of herselfy you did that.e expre sion would have ineei verys approprnd I've listen, fore fever face was of a pit, lbu:tr sallow, and theI never felt . do nwere.'dark. muttered ar:. Dr nu. "Poor The two w en iiL y spoke aft u rwardsp." Dbut t in the daclned kitc, and hen, with tdroppe window bi lindi dvawn ved n, and h e spoke uin-a incohereigt nin., in thie place. wio repellenting to dhat she ,id not venture, contuld hearnt. herself.with i sippin t her ea, and wondef Io howseemed to chip . wais, and then about hiow s cBlack was comporting hims, cd as sh m "befi'l ln, airclhe oulet lieand diface like a soldin her hmshe aldsudded as she had nt sbbefor ye . ars. -start. I----beg Star pardon. I did not tnestk," faltt.ei lrs. Dann. " You did-vou horrible woman," cried iarge.y " You people think no more of a mtunn life that if it was a stone." " lt-" " Don't speak to me,' cried Margery, xriitedly. "So long as you can have o'nMu' glory and show, that's all you care for; e-hile the poor boy ii to be led out this -,ruing and die, and you begin boasting and ay ' like a soldi, r.' " " I thought I was speaking to myself," oid Mrs. Daun, humLly. " Im sre Id give anything to save the poor lad's life." Margery made no reply, but left her untatstsi breakfast aind hurried upstairs. " I'd no appetite before," said Mrs. Dann, ?s.lly; " I can't eat now." She rose, too, an'ilwent back to Dick's rto:m, and fohnd hini still apparently asleep. 'ia-. D:a:.ln at dm:n to liten to her patient's bre?shtitg, and as she listened she 2hard more. For there wa:s the trumpetcall, ith trtmpling of horses, and as the old s,oldier's wife sat there, she pictured in her mind everything that was taking place, till finally she cbuld sed in imagination the. troops drawn up, the group of officers, and the prisoner, bandaged of eye, waiting for his loom " I can't stanl it any longer," she said to herself, as she crossed to Dick's bedside and aound that to all appearances lhe was sleeping "noundly. "I'm a soldier's wife, and I haven't been all these yt'rs in the regiment without taking an'interest ini everything." -'" .to the door but stopped short. ,I can't. I don't want to .---- . _ · ? t too cruel ; anid yet some eht to sco him standing up S - all. Poor lad ! Poor ihave been my Chip." n tnrnd pale at the " t:.n?,"gle went on in c::riosty and her bitter I' Ihouse wettllenough to could see all, whilnthe utter silence of the place, and tholmowl?-ei that the colonel had gone, and that the women would be certain to shut themselves up till all was over, encouraged her to try and gnatifv the intense 'desire she felt; and at last, after another glance at the man she was setto watch, she ?stolo cautiously out of the sick room. (To ue. COSrISir..) 