■CHAPTER'II.' It is London', and It is November. Wo bate .boon ranrried just ft woek, and Are boglrinlng to grow ■ accustpmod to the fact, and to realist} that wo are not the very first people in tlio world who over ontored into that holy estate. Sydney lias, at Inst ceased to start and laugh wlion 8he comes into breakfast and finds letters addressed to "Mrs. St. Maur" at her plate | already the hotel waiters have cc.iscd to grin furtively at the sight of us, and stray hansom cabmen no longor look for an extra tip. The lirst obtrusively newly mar ried look is beginning to wear off. As for me, I spend ray days in wondering what I ever did in all my unworthy life to deserve the blessing that has como to mo, and in marvelling how I lived through all the dark, weary, aimless years before it came. Perhaps, we shall have thirty years more of just ouch happiness ; perhaps forty or fifty, wo are yet so young. London is delightfully empty. I have not seen half a dozen psonlo I know, and those I have successfully avoided. But to-night wo go to a drum, or something at Lady Susan Stanley's. • " l'eoplo might leave ua alone until our honeymoon is fairly over, but Sydney's tender little heart is afraid of offending her old aunt if wo do not go, so we are prepared for a night of pennnco, and tnako up our minds to tho worst that can befall. My Sydney is in I hor bridal dross—sheeny satin and forest-like lace—and I have' claspcd on the diamonds mysolf, though she laughs at mo for wanting hor to.wcur them, nnd says they arc too fine for Lndy Susan. I hnvo a fanny for seeing her just as she was on her marringo morning, but »ho looks even swootor, for she Is not bo pnlo. 1 could look nt hor nil night and never I tiro) And it Is just as well that I have that "ratification, for other amusements at Lady Susan's have I none. It is all very stalely, very dull, very awful. " Respectable and stupid. What did 1 tell you ?" says Sydney, wisely. A little bad music, a great deal of dreary conversation; twice as many people as the rooms will hold, who como and go in bril liant attire. Sydney need not have been afraid of being too gorgeous. I elbow my. way with difficulty to the refreshments and procure a tepid fragment of pink ice, floating upon a 6ea of its melted self, and this delicacy I grimly bring back to Sydney. Poor little sweetheart 1 While I am still afar off I see her sittingdcsolatoand pensive, with a tired and perplexed look on her dear " My poor child, you arc bored to death, and no wonder I" I say, as I reach her side. " Let us make our escape as soon ospossiblo. She looks at mo dreamily and asks in ail absent sort of way,— "Harry, what was that extraordinary noise ? Did you hear it just now J" " Noise ?'' I say, with mild Irony. " well, yes, I should think so ; the infernal gabble is enough to deafen one." »Oh, no, not that; I don't mean any ordinary noise, but such a.strange, sobbing sort o£ cry that sounded above everything else, a wild kind of wail—the very saddest thing I ever heard—it almost made me cry, and yet so sweet and clear. What could it have been?" "Tlmt bony woman In blue and gold, like an edition of the poets, who was singing ' Roberto', just now. Her voico was certainly high enough and melancholy enough, but I must say its sweetness never struck me." " Oh, no, Harry, I don't mean that at all j It was when no one was singing, nnd it was not liko singing in tho least, but more like a cry at a wake than anything else. 1 wonder you did not hoar it, and it is odd no ono else seemed to notice it, though I heard it so plainly, nnd it was so loud and high, I wish 1 know what it was." Something in the street botow, no doubt, unless you fancied it, which would bo no wonder; this Bort of thing is enoii'jh to give one the blues. But come, Sydney, let us cut the whole thing nnd go to the thentro for an hour; you know Aunt Susan offered us lier box, and L bear there's something rather good going on." "Oh, yes, I should like that. It has been rather stupid, has it not?" and shebrightenB directly. So wo retire from the festive scene and go to the theatre, where people are in convul sions of laughter over goodness knows what. For my part I ean seo neither head, tail, nor plot to the whole thing; our pursuit of pleasure is not crowned with bucccss to night.'' Sydney laughs a little, but docs not seem much interested; and presently she turns to me, looking pnle and unhappy, and savs, im ploringly,— " My dear boy, don't be voxed with mo; I know'you will think me a dreadful goose, but just then I had such a fright. I am almost sure t saw Mr. Fitzgerald in thnt corner by tho wall; be was looking tip with those dreadful wild eyes of his, and tho moment I looked nt htm he turned and went out. Ho was in some kind of n dark cloak, and looked so odd I But I am almost Buro I could not miBtako thoso oyes I" " But, my darling, I thought you said ho wasn't in England," I remonstrate, " Neither he was ; he was abroad, but it was so like him, and it gavo mo such n tor riblo shook I Don't think mo a gooso, Harry, please." "I'll tell you what I do think. I think you aro tired out, and we should bo far better off in our own comfortable room than in listening to all this rubbish; come along, there's a dear child and I put her fleecy wraps around ber and take her nway. But midway along the corridor she stops short, and looks, np into my face. "There, Harry!" she says, earnestly— "there it is again, that long, wailing cry. How very strange I Surely you must have heard that V " Why, Sydney, it is mere fancy 1" I say, shaking bor gently. "If I don't mind I shall havo you ill. You'ro nervous, tired, nnd excited. , I shnll not bo easy in my mind till'you aro at homo, and have takon somethingand without more ado I get her down stairs and back to our hotel as quickly as I can. Once in our cosy room, Sydney recovers her usual spirits. I make her drink a glass of wino and sit by the flro.nnd she is laugh ing. merrily at her own foolishness, when there isa tnpat the door, rind a 'waiter comes to tell mo that ono of my brother officers in waiting to seo mo In tho coffoe-room on im portant business, and refuses to coino up stairs. ''y,: " Oh, bother Frampton !" I say, with a groan. " What a time of night to como and' disturb one! Gome up hore, indeed ! [should think it a'gieafc plecu of cheek if he did I I don't like leaving you, Sydney!" ■ " Oh, don't mind tlmt, dear boy, I am all right now. I'll tell you what, I will putawny ,the'family jools* and tako down my hair while you are gone, nnd then como bnck and brush It here while you havo a nine. May I ? " > 1 " May you ? Of course you may anything; that is, If if you don't object to tho smell of tobacco amoug your golden locks," " Oh, no; and wo can have n nice chat over tho fire. Don't bo gono long." " Not a second longer than I can help." " If I grow slcopy before you como back I shall Ho'down and wait for you ; but mind you wako mo, I want to sit with you while you smoke." "All right. Has your maid gono to bed ? " " Yes, I told her she need not sit up." . " Very well, thon ; I'll go down to Framp ton. Mind, if a ghost should make its appear ance you ean receive it with the colebratod dagger; 1 saw it onyourdresslng- table when we went out, I took it to cut tho string round your flowers." " Don't be silly I " and she pauses with her hand on her betl.room door, to return the kiss without which I cannot yet Icavo her for ten seconds. Frampton is waiting In the coffee-room profuso in apologies for troubling mo. " At such a time of all others, my dear fellow! Wouldn't have had It happen for tho world 1 What will Mrs. St. Mnur think of mo?" etc. ' However, his business really is important, and do what I will, it is nearly three-quar tors of an hour, and very near midnight, when I see his broad shoulders take themselves off. Poor little Sydney I sho will be tired to death waiting for mo, nnd I dash up stairs to make up for lost time. Sydney is not in tho outer room, however, and I pause for a moment with my back to tho (ire, and smile ns I think I need not havo meed so frantlenlly after all. Then I re moraber what sho said about lying down, nnd I move towards tho bod-room to see if sho had fallen as|eop, when my oyo falls upon tho "family jools" lying in a dazzling heap tipon tho.tnblo, Carcluss little womnn ? Any one nilght havo como in and carried them oil and she not a bit tho wiser. I stoop to gathpr them up. Something else is lying near thorn —something almost as bright as thov. With an indescribable sensation I bend nearer and seo that it is tho Corsican sheath I know so well—the quaint, curious black nnd gold ' sheath wound nbout with a long shining tress of golden hair, so smooth, so fine, so sunny it can only bo from ono hen-t in nil tho world. Why does ray blood turn to ice. and my heart censes suddenly to bent ns 1 take it in' my hand and seo that something in smeared upon tho freshly sovered udges-something wot and warn nud red,... ; 00© . Somehow I rcnuli (ml- U'-xi, nxrn nnd dash open tbe door ; soinc'liun* 1 cruse the (lour and am beRidu the while bed, wiicru, all lu her pure, dainty bridnl robes, bur beautiful. Jjftir floating about her like n golden veil, lies my love, my treasure, my blue eyed darling, my bride ofaweek, so still, so silent, so deathly white, with a long, sharp knife in her heart I 