A LADY'S LETTER FROM LONDON. London, 26th October. The public reception given by the people o Bolton to Henry Irving recently has never been parallelled in England before. This busy manu facturing town was quite en fete — even the working men took a half holiday and turned out to welcome the great actor. Tlio streets were gaily decorated, and such mottoes as, Come Back Soon, AA'elcomo to Our Actor, All the Al'orld's a Stage, &c.;, streamed from the builditig3. It was a fitting tribute to the man and the art he so worthily represents. I had the pleasure of seeing one of your Melbourne actresses la3t week — Miss Liilic Bryor — who i3 acting very charmingly at the Strand Theatre with her uncle, Mr. Willie Edouin. Mr. Edouin and his wife, the fascinating Miss Alice Atlier- ton, always take care to have something to make their audience laugh heartily. And, after all, a good laugh is what one wants when out for amusement. Kleptomania and the bur lesque of Aladdin, which have just come to ah olid at the Strand, are both most- amusing. In Aladdin, the dresses and musio are very pretty and the piece abounds in allusions to and skits upon the x>opu!ar pieces and subjects of the day. " Aladdin's old mother drop3 on the stage with a parachute ci la Baldwin, and the wicked uncle is a mixture of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde. It is a groat pity that a respectable theatre like tho St. James's should have opened with such a risque play as the Dean's Daughter. It is one to which no mother would like to take her daughters, and which few women can sit through without a blush. Tlio dialogue is bright and sparkling and the acting very good, which make3 one all the more regret that tlio piece should be spoiled by much that is more than questionable. Mis3 Olga -Nethorsole, will, if I am not very much mistaken, bo in time ono of our leading emotional actresses. Her acting is exceedingly good, and if she lias only been a year at the theatrical profession — as is said— she mu3t have quite a genius for it. It Mr. John Lart's Monk's Room ever goes to Melbourne, I advise those who like a " sen sation" to go and see it. There is a -weird, old haunted room, ghosts, murders galore, ancient armor, and wind whistling through tho old corridors in the most " creopy" fashion. Tlio interest of the play is kept up from first to last, and all the parts are well sustained. - I visited our new Shaftesbury Theatre last night. It is very handsome, with white and gold ornamentation, torra cot- ptush hangings lined witli pink Bilk. »"rt' poacock blue seats. It is said to be perfectly safo ; everything that can be mails fireproof is so, and there are ever so " many avays of getting out in case of accident. Mr. Lancaster is tho lessee, and liis charming wife—Miss Wallis— the cliiof attraction. Sho i3 playing Rosalind -in As You Like It, and, of course, ' playing it very- well, though I prefer her Juliet. One pf the dresses Worn by Rosalind is very handsome, being an amber shade of rich silk, embroidered with emeralds and having a train of red velvet. Another pretty are, S3 1Y118 worn by Miss Beatrice Cameron, at the Lyceum. consisted of white net ever pink skirt. All the trimming was ot tiny roseouus. anero were trails of these on the skirt, and tliey formed a pointed bolt ; a niching round tho sleeves and bodice, a collar for tlic neck and a pretty little wreath for tho hair. This is a charming idea for a young girl's gown, and could be carried out in daisies or any other small flower. You will have heard by telegram that tho fascinating Mrs. Gordon Baillic and hor sot- ditant husband, Sir. Bromly Frost, have como to grief. Tho lady has got five years' penal servi tude, tlio gentleman 18 months' hard labor. Ho appears to havo been a dupe in tlio hands of the very clever adventuress. Mrs. Gordon Baillie— or, rather, Mrs. AA'liito— as I boliovc, when olearcd of hor numerous aliases, sho really is — appeared in court, as usual, fashionably dressed in brown, with a handsome mantlo of many- colorod plush and lille ; but, strange to say, she wore neither hat nor bonnet. Tho rrinccss Fredoriea of Hanover is getting up a doll show for tho benefit of tho Hospital for Siok Ohildron." I am sure it will bo well worth seeing, for dolls have been evolved into very magnificent and complicated articles since their . first appearance in ! the. rough wooden or rag stage. Most dolls are made on the Continent, but thoro is a protty ddrgo home trade too. The Birmingham manufacturers sold in" a year £5000 . worth of 'doll's eyes. Tho blue eyes aro specially made for tlio English market, and the black are proparcd for little foreign inaiden3. Thoro is always ft great display of dolls at Christmas, and it "is as good as visiting an exhibition 'to inspcot tho arfcado'3 and shop windows. .As you aro so anxious to got rid of tho Chinamen, it' may interest you to know that Mr. Gladstone lias recommended their im portation to 'those countrios "to teach English agriculturists how to grow vegetables," so you seo what tlio new world despises can bo of somo use in tlio old. Tho Londoners are beginning to go in for "theatre parties," which havo long been usual in Australia. Tho one or two which have taken place have been mentioned in the society papers as a new anil m03t original departure. I sur prised somo of my friends vory much by telling thorn that the same theatre parties were almost a nightly occurrence in Melbourne when I was there a year ago. Monday last was the Boid anniversary of tho battle of Trafalgar, and the old ship A'ictory, u which Nelson lost his life, was, for tho nonce, transformed into a perfect bower of flowers, garlands being suspended from tho yardarms and wreathed round the masts, wheels, ko. Tho great grandson of -Mr. Peake, who built the ship 126 years ago, went on board and laid a < wreath on the spot wli, ere Nelson fell. Tho old Victory nearly came to pieces last year, and many utilitarians were for letting her go, but the patriotic spirit is not yet quito ,deacl. in Englishmen, and tho Australian descendants of those heroes who made such a plucky fight for their country at the beginning of this century will bo glad to hear- that this venerable relic was sent into Portsmouth Dock— wlicro she now is — to be repaired. Unfortunately? much of her will bo now; ' but the Victory will still be tho "Victory," and nj all events, if the decks and -sides of tho ship are not the original ones— the guns' aro 'the identical guns which did such '-brisk-' work . against' the French on the day of Trafalgar. A very different sort of craft to the ricketty old Victory will bo tho wonderful 4 house boat ordered by an American millionaire, 'which is contain 15 good sized bedrooms, a c large drawing room and (lining room, with a ballroom, wino cellar, &c.; The accommodation offered by tho ark itself will sink into insignifi- ; cance beside this monster aquatic mansion of our i trans-Atlantic Crcesus. From America also comes the idea of an "International "Wife Supply Association" by means of which the ' surplus marriageable female population is to be sent to those regions where the masculine element predominates. The idea is nota new one, but if elaborated and carried out as suggested it will be a very new and a very daring pro ject indeed. A more sensible association, and one which, if it succeeds, will afford employ ment to many educated women, is the Lady C4uides Association. These ladies aro to supply really useful information to travellers, telling them the cheapest and most convenient routes, the cab fares, what to see, where to shop, where to put up, and to generally advise, and, if needed, accompany tourists. The fees are to be in proportion to the services rendered. The guides are all to be ladies of acknowledged experience and respectability, and they are on no account to accept commissions from hotel keepers or shopkeepers. This association ought to prove a real boon to those travelling for the first time, or who are ignorant of foreign lan guages. Mending offices will very likely soon be opened about London. In them will be ladies always ready to mend anything brought to them. If anyone's dress comes to grief in the street, or if-anything lias to be done in a hurry, these : mending offices will be found very convenient, i At some of the ladies' colleges, the students have formed themselves into afemalcfire brigade, They go through tho regular fire brigade drill, and have been complimented upon their agility. It is to be hoped when the hour of trial comes the courage will be found up to the agility mark, and that the fair "firewomcn" will acquit themselves more manfully than the defenders . of the castle in the Princess., as represented by GUWt and Sullivan. . r Sonic hug, .buildings are now having iron . stair cases, outside A»y vhich tlio inmates can ; escape in case of fire. ' lJolielors'; balls have long been famous for their superior excellence, i. but : "Spinsters' balls " have, yet win. tlieir spurs. : The spinsters of "Worcester are going to net the example of entertaining their friends, ond have announced a " Rose Ball," which will doubtless be a success. t , I should like to have a peep at the Queen's plate. I believe there is . £500,000 worth of plate in the gold pantry, at Windsor alone. Tlicroynl dinner table on state occasions is, I have been told, a sight so dazzlingly gorgeous that it must bo seen to be at all believed. The flower decoration of tho Queen's table is in the hands of one aitist— called the table dresser— and upon his shoulders, or rather hands, rests the respon sibility of ornamenting the royal table wherever the court may be. I went to Manchester for tho. Church Con- gicss, and was well repaid for ray trouble, by hcaiing somo of tho most eloquent orators of England and some of the profoundest . thinkers discuss various social and religious questions of tho day. Your old friend, Bishop Moorliouse, presided at the congress, and yielded to none m terse, powerful speech and clear reasoning, though unfortunately he lost his voico beforo it was over, and could not speak. I have been told that tho Manchester folk are jealous of their bishop's high opinion of the colony, and one person told ino he was rather given to exalt the new country at the expense of the old, but this is not likely. Such a clcar-lieaded man would see keenly the weak and strong points in each community, and naturally, when told of any failing proper to either, that community feels sore — at least for the time. The bishop has a difficult card to play coming after such a favorite as tho late Bishop Fraser, but in time he will, no doubt, establish his hold as firmly upon tho affections and respect of Ins flock. He has lately been presented with a new pastoral staff in the form of a handsome gold shepherd's crook, which was carried before him in the procession when the clergy went to the cathedral last Monday week. It was a very grand affair altogether, though the weather was abominable bcjrond all descrip tion. Tho Mayor of Manchester, Sir. J. Har- wood, received all the members of tho congress early in the afternoon, and then conducted them in full state, with bands, police, fire brigades, &c.;, to the old cathedral, whore they were received by the dean and choir. It all formed a . mo3t imposing procession. There were hun dreds of clergy in full canonicals, archbishops, bishops, priests and deacons. Tho music was very good, and tho Archbishop of York preached tho sermon. There is a decided change in favor of wearing the hair lower down the neck and more loosely arranged. Long curls aro making their appear ance again. Somo interesting statistics have lately been published about fnlso hair. It seems there is a regular hair market held at a place called Morlans, in the Lower Pyrenees. Hero come country damsels possessed of good heads of hair dispose of their tresses for from 6 to 20 francs each. Those so fortunate aa to havo hair 4 or 5 feet long can got almost any pric'o they like to ask for the same. Pure white hair is valued at from £15 to £20 an oz.; and a fine head of blond fetches from £40 to £100. The Empress Eugenie gave £40 for an ounce of fine gold hairto match herown. Reading this makes one long to have a head of pure white or fine blond hair that would renew itself quickly from year to year. Ladies' cricket is becoming more and more general in England, and we shall soon hear no more of those ridiculous matches where the men play left handed and -with broomsticks against their fair opponents. Mrs. Saunders' team beat Master Saunders' team of boys by five runs, and a most exciting and well contested match be tween Mrs. Saunders' and Miss Havener's team resulted in a tie. Miss Lottie Dod, the champion tennis player of England, is a pretty fair haired girl, barely 16 years old. She began to distinguish herself when she was 13, and by this time has quite a considerable little fortune in jewellery aiuVothcr prizes that she has won. "NYehave now in England 68 duly qualified lady doctors, and I hope Australia will not be long without adding a fair number to the list. Of course, America still keeps ahead in respect of women, who take the lead in everything. A lady in "Wisconsin is making a handsome fortune in lead mines, through a way of working them which she discovered herself. A Miss Orr, of New York, has won the prize as quickest typo writer, having turned off 987 words in 10 minutes. If her speech is proportionally rapid, she must be a credit to the country that raised her. Lady Butler — Miss Thompson — the artist, has made lier home at Killarney, where she will have plenty of scenes worthy of her brush. I see it announced that Ruslcin is to be god father to one of Mrs. Arthur Stannard's (John Strango Winter) little twins, so that the "Bootlc's Baby " will not bo the only infantile celebrity in that family. The new Countess of Berkeley was formerly an actress — Miss Edith Braddon. The female peerage has often been recruited from the stage and has certainly not suffered by it. I am glad to sec that the Church Emigration Society is going to send out to Australia on the 26th October by the Orient line a number of well trained female cooks, laundresses, dressmakers, etc. Theso are the sort of women who are wanted in a new country and who arc sure to do well. Governesses, clerks and authors are already too numerous with you, and would do better to remain at home. 