The Mysterious Letter. A party of travellers on an Intercolonial steamship were telling ghost stories. The Rev. Mr. Cryder of the Church of England was of the party. He listened, but did not talk. When all the others had exerted all their ability in the production of goose pimples, a facetious youth urged Mr. Cryder. who was « man of much dignity, to tell his ex perience. No one thought he would comply. But he did. ' Ten years ago,' he said, ' I was a poor curate in a small Berkshire village, where through the influence of some friends, I re ceived an invitation to preach a trial sermon at one of the London churches. No time was to be lost, for I had to provide a substitute, arrange my ideas, pack my things, and every thing being at last in proper shape, I hastened to the railroad station to take the lightning ex press for London. ' So absorbed was I in my thongbts, for a call to London is an event in a young curate's life, I may say the event, that I paid no atten tion to the surroundings, but suddenly I noticed a person walking before me on the plank road whom I had not seen before. He was a stout, square built man, with red whiskers and a bald head, who seemed to suffer intensely from the heat, for he carried his hat in his hand and pulled oat a larsje blue handkerchief, no doubt to wipe the perspiration from his brow, for it was a very sultry August day. In taking out his handkerchief he dropped a letter. I picked it up to give it to him, when sud denly I saw that die address was in my mother's hand-writing — my sainted mother's, who had been dead for more (ban five years. ' I stopped in surprise, I rubbed my eyes ; bat there it was, my dear mother's well known hand-writing, and the letter was ad dressed : ' ' To the Rev. Benjamin Crydbb, '?Stonebridge, ?? ? County of Berkshire, '?England.1 ' That was I. ' There was no postmark on it, and I did not know whether to open it or ask the red whiskered man for an explanation, when I heard the shrill whistle of a locomotive and saw the train roll into the station. I ran as fast as my legs would carry me — ran, as it were tor dear life ; for when I reached the station the train was gone, and so was the letter. I thought I must have dropped it. I hastened to the very spot where I had found it but in vain, and after an hour's needless search, could do nothing but telegraph to Lon don and resign myself to my fate, for it was the last train on Saturday night, and I thought I had lost my only chance of life. ' ' Thy will be done,' I prayed that night, ' and if I am to remain a poor curate, let me thank Thee for Thy great mercy to have kept me away from the wickedness of the great city and its manifold temptations.' ' When next day I went to church, bright with cheerfulness, my parishioners stared as if they had seen a ghost, and the sexton rushed forward, grasping me both handg ' ' You alone saved, Mr. Cryder ?' ' ' Saved from what r° ' ' From the railroad wreck.' ''I don't know of any railroad wreck. Has there been an accident ?* ?? * Why, the train on which you meant to go to London has been thrown down an embankment, and nearly every passenger lulled!1 r—~* The ghost story tellers were speechless, and even the facetious youth did not dare to doubt the reverend narrator's truthfulness. ' Did yon ever obtain a due to that mys terious letter ? Mr. Cyder was asked. ' Never. I regard it as an interference of my departed mother by special permission of Providence.' 'And how did it end ?' ' I preached in London on the next Sunday and was installed as rector of St. ? Church a few weeks afterward.' — Exchange. 