LAiTEST INTELLIGElNC. TBY CABLEGtRAM.] [(FJOM OR OWN CeaaRrPONDENT.] LONDON. Thursday, August, 2. Speaking in the House of Lords, to-day, Lord Knutsford, Secretary of State for the S.Colonies, said hopes were entertained that the ' insurgent Zulu chief, Dinizulu, would surren der. He further stated that the rebels were dispersing. , .Friday, August 3. Owing to the spread of anarchism, the Aus trian Government have decided that, in fifteen districts of the 'Empire, anarchists shall be de prived of the privilege of trial by jury for one year. The race for the Goodwood Stakes was run to-day, with the following result :--A. Tay lo's b.h. Stourhead, 1; A. C. Barclay's b. or br.c. Clan Chattan, 2; Duke of Beaufort's br.L Fealty, 3. A clerk, named trant, has been sentenced to five years' imprisonment foc forging Mr. Barsmith's name to two letters of credit for £200. The Rev. Mr. Hunter, of Stornoway, has cabled to Mrs. Jessie Campbell Brown, who offered to assist 1000 crofters and their families in the island of Lewis to emigrate to New South Wales, that he cannot entertain the scheme until details have been received. The Right Rev. J. Moore, Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, will return to his diocese in October. Itihas been arranged to establish a branch of the Order of Sisters of Nazareth, and of the Fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost, at Ballarat. Saturday, August 4. * Freights to Sydney and Melbourne have advanced Es. per ton. The Italian Government have informed the various European :Powers that the Italian flag has been hoisted at Zulla, in Annesley Bay, on the west coast of the Red Sea, and a ': bhort distance south of Massowah. It has "bePn officially denied that Her "Majesty the Queen will visit Baden, where it Swas stated she would meet the Emperor of * Germany on the 13th of September. " The Ciizen, a London newspaper, publishes a paragraph stating that Lord Carrington has intimated a desire to resign the Governorship ":- of New South Wales before the end of the y.: ear. S.It is announced that Germany has assumed the protection of Pleasant Island, one. of the Marshall Group, in the North Pacific. A-tameeting of persons interested in several j o?? the Etheridge mines, which have been i. "?flbeat&d; in England, it was decided to amalga .. ma?.e the various interests. ':T,.. ..•".he Right Hen. H. C. Raikes, Postmaster s?t ?lgn?Oral, replying to the protest of Sir Graham t: ?L rry, Agent-Oeneral for Victoria, states that pt,? ,.?tsImjperial Government cannot alter their .?.-, decision with regard to the day of departure to! tof'?he- English mails from Adelaide, and he , hbf !.?hiis 't he Agents-General will induce the *'?,?,a?riou colonial Governments to accept the ..gituatio. . - ,j,,?.. The Law Committee, of the House of Com ; -mona, has cancelled the clause, in the Liability o' n ... f:rstees Bill, which empowered the invest \- j.nrntme' of trust Tunds in colonial stocks under cq;7ertain ?ondutions. A .. report of the proceedings of the Pan <' :,?Anglican Conferene,-at Lambech, has been :' pibliaed, from which itappears that the con "-? ference fesoblved not to recognise divotce ex , e, pt on. the ground of adultery, and to. refuse .....i;· re.?aarnrage to a person divorced on any other •" .: ,rounds ; also, that a person re-marrying under s?s?: suc conditions would be regarded as a poly .. aist. The question of conferring the title of arehbishop on colonial primates has been reporteda~Lvourably upon but not yet decided. 