AN IMPORTANT ADMONITION. w Sermon preached by the Rev. V. Roberts, at Wesley, Chureh Geraldton, on Sunday evening last : — " Takeheed to thyself" Deut. ii 9. One of the chief excellencies of the Bible is . the advice with which itfurnishes men : advice that is suited to all persons, adapted to all j circumstances, and intelligible to all classes. | Thin is the book that with equalpropriety may j be fori"" into the bands of king and peasant, advice will be found in it suitable to both, ami relating to time as well as to eternity. | Among the vast variety of sententious and admirable counsels with which we are favoured I in God's Book, we venture to think there is j hardly another that deserves our careful at- ' tentio" more than tbat we have now read in j your hearing "Take heed to thyself." This piece of advice though thousands of years old; though the bodies oi tnose to whom it was first spoken have long ago mouldered into the dust of the tomb; yet the duty of implicit obedience to this precept is as imperative now as ever. In taking these words and applying them to ourselves I would consider them, Jirst, as bearing upon the subjeet of health " Take heed to thyself " in thematter of health body. Now it maybe some will be ready to say that i In taMng up and discussing such a point we are j going beyond the province of the pulpit. Bnt . 3 think I shall prove to you that in applying the text in this way I am not going beyond I the proper office of a preacher of the gospeL j Of all earthly blessings health of the body I Is the most valuable. When this is gone a 1 great deal of the sunshine passes from us ; life I becomes tasteless and tedious ; and we sit at 1 -"the. poisoned springs of existence," to bewail j the past. How many there are who are call- | ed upon to bear aente and severe pain. In the night hours turning and tossing wearily on I the sleepless p31ow they ioug for the light of dHy, and when the daylight comes still fever- | ed and suffering they long for the darkness of J the night. And to' many the knowledge of sweet rest will never come until the eyelids «re sealed in the sleep of death. But it is in disputable that rnnuinberienB instances some of the severest afflictions to which mankind are subject are the frnits of the sufferers own folly. The human body is " tearfully and wonderfully made." yet how many refuse to care for it as they should. Why is it that there are so many mho . just when they attain a fair age begin to '"break up" so quickly and sink into mere wrecks of manhood and womanhood ? Why, because they have not remembered their duty to their owu bodies. In youth, rushing into every kind of excess and gratification, they quickly drained the cap of health and now they Gink in to a premature and conscience stricken old age. Many worldlings are fond of talking of "a short lite and a merry one." Ah, but if God spares j as to, live fourscore years that will be bnt little I time to prepare ourselves for the eternal ages of the spirit world. Young men, young women, prize the health and vigor of yonth, and so con serve it as to build upon it the superstructure «f a useful life and an honoured old age. I have now a very solemn question to ask. It as this. Why is. it there are so many of our young men and young women at the time when they ought to develope into fill manhood and wowanhood fading away into consumption and decline J Why, In a large number of instances because of sin,secref rial There is a sin, we dare not name it here. helDinsr to oeonle the I lunatic asylum, and causing the green sod to be apturned for many a young life blasted just When it should flower into full manhood or womanhood. Remember, fast young man and citing youth, sin though it may be secret shall cooner or later stand confessed to man as well as God, and sooner or later outraged nature will 1 make ns pay the penalty. Then, brethren, take j heed to thy health. Gar bodies are designed to he temples in whieh the Holy Ghost may dwell. | Therefore to serve God as we ought, the body I anost be kept in subjection, and oar diet, rest, j tempers and dispositions so ordered as to tend ! to the health of the human frame, not its ! destruction. j I would consider the words of our text, I secondly, as bearing on the subject of charac- : Aer. "Take heed to thyself " in the of character. Nothing is so. important to a man ! as character. Character is the only thing we i can really call our own. We may amass ! money, we may gather property, bnt when we 1 come to pass through the valley of the shadow of death we leave these things. The only property we can take with us into the other world is character, and it is that that will determine ohr condition throughout eternity, j Now every man possesses some ln«d of character. One has that of a niggard or ! miser; this man heaps up riches without j. knowing who shall gather them. Another hag j the character of a .libertine or prodigal. He " wastes bis substance by riotous living." j yet another has the character of an extortion er, who drives to take mean advantages of Lin j heightens ignorance or necessity. And so we j see niany and varied characters around, but ' among them all how few have any I true claim to the noble pJmrnfor- of Christ- Ian. This character it is whieb we earnestly and importunately urge you ell to seek, as it comprises all that is excellent in this world, or as one puts it: ' A Christian is the highest .-style of man." There are many afraid of religion, afraid of seeking the ' character of the Christian because of a miscon ception. To them religion is something that brings gloom to the home and a chill to the heart Many of oar yonng people axe shy about this subject because if we «nti«i» the matter they think we are going to propose to take away their joy and mirth. Not so. If we honestly give ourselves to God and. Ms Christ, if we become Christians in deed and truth, we chafi find ihat xeligion instead of taking away the brightneas and sunshine of life shall add Ao it. The inoEuing of life and our youthful Joys shall beeome all the brighter and sweeter because of the presence and sanction of the Master. In the third place let us consider our text na bearing upon the . subject iff the souL We all befceve in the possession of a living princi ple called the souL The body is the seat of sensation, of motion, by which we see, hear, feel and taste. The soul empowers us to think reason, and reflect, judge, choose and act. Bat though we have the strongest and most incon trovertible evidence of the existence of a soul, yet to estimate its value is impossible. It is not/rom everlasting, but it is to everlasting. . It will either sparkle and shine in the heavens it must perish everlastingly in the pit of woe. Baxter once said: "Write on your ohimney pieces — I must soon live in heaven or hell for ever." " Take heed," then, to ysnr souls, and con- aider the state in which they are found. They ore dark, and must be enlightened; guilty, and must be pardoned ; enslaved, and must he redeemed; polluted, and must be sanctified; in danger, said must be saved. Therefore the salvation of the soul is the first business of life._ And yet how many by the way in which they live seem to think thie matter so trifling that they can afford to defer it indefinitely. That wp may see the importance of this matter allow me to use a homely illustration. Sup- poring in your business you were in danger of imminent rain, and that this danger might be completely averted by two or three months careful watching aud working. In that case should lor any one, even your nearest friends, be able to entice you ajvay for two or three weeks or a month to make holiday and your ease, forgetting business and the cares peculiar to it ? Nay. Immediately aud firm ly you would reply " No." You would think of the business, its danger, and show that by a little prompt attention you would rectify matters. In so doing you would be quite right. Now let me remind you of a still more important business than any that pertains to pounds, shillings, and pence. I refer to the great business of the salvation of the souL Take heed to thy soul, for " what is a man profited if he shall gain the whole world but lose Ms soul P " Oh, is this matter one of sueh trifling import that we can afford to be putting it away from our thoughts again and again ? Nay. Gold help me to feel the solemnity of this business, and God help you. Aud i beseech you, brethren, when you retire presently from the sanctuary, do not trifle, do not strive to banish high and holy thoughts bom you breasts, but think on these things, and if yon have not yet given your heart to j I God decide to-night. And may you sincerely i say, j "High heaven, that heeda the solemn vow, That vow renewed shall daily hear ; j Till in life's latest hour I bow, And bless in death a bond so dear." 