VMP STORVTFB 3 FR TO WHOM MAEBIEI);? CHAPTER I. - :??;???' ' i. TUBN 01? FORTUNE'S WHEEL. ? .' . , ' Now, Slab; my darling, don't be foolish 1.' Dry your eyes, and give rne a smile to speed me on ray way. ; Why, one would think I- was about to set out i on a voyage to the antipodes, instead of going up to Lon don by the 11.15 1 ? I'll trouble you for one move cup of coffee, and then I expect Jukes Will oe ready ; no is uo come ruuiiu wiwi the dogcart at eleven. That's better.' ' ;' The young wife to whom these words were addressed managed to wreathe her lips into a smile :' but she- could not' pre- vent her hand from shaking as she poured out the coffee. . ''],'??? 'Steadyi my dear, steady !' laughed her husband. 'Look, there1 :uV goes, half ; into the saucer! What a goose you must be ! Don't you know khow.thatthisemotion — this exhibition of affection, however natural and proper on' the part of Mabel 'Motterham, is sadly , but of place in Lady She! brooke? It is quite time you began, to assume all the dignity and repose that belong to your new character.' The idea, now, of a countess behaving in a manner only fit for a love sick schoolgirl! 'I dm surprised at you— 1 am indeed !'? he added, banteringly. ' Don't tease me, John I Don't, say any more, please ? don't! My head aches,' and' I am quite out of sorts this morning. 'You' laugh so when I talk about dreams, but, dast night 1 ? 'You: dreamt something dreadful no' doubt, and which as a matter of course will ; come to pass. There, I am satisfied; You liave,had!'a bad night's rest 'and will be .right in an hour, or two. Now, where :baby ? Where is the noble scion— where : is ..the' illustrious little son and heir' to ? the.(t'itle and' domain i of Shelbrooke? Who 'would have thought,' now,' that the ..little '-rogue was [going to open his baby eyes in the grand ancestral home, and all that ? sort of thing— eh, Mab ?' ' ^ , ' What absurdly 4iigh spirits you are m this morning, John ! Now, don't wake ? him1 — let him be! I suppose you are so delighted at going that you can't control' your elation?'7 'Now. tliat's very unkind of you, wife, and you ought to be punished,1 only. I' know you don't- mean what you say. 'if I am a little boisterous this morning, it is only because I want' to cheer you up, and you know it. .Gome, now, give men kiss and help'me- to put on my overcoat,' just' like you used to do in the pleasant old times when'we lived in that pretty little house at Brixton, and I used to go quill-driving every day at Somerset Honse, ' with no more thought that T should ever be Lord' Shelbrooke than that Ivshoiild bo Emperor of Morocco.' .' Those were happy days, John,' said 'his wife,' with a half sigh, as she leant her che'ekngainst his shoulder, just as she 'used ] to do in the times to which he had referred. ' Happy ! of course they were ; but these are happier,' or ought to be !? No more tqii till-four business ! As for this journey to London, 1 have a great mind ' to put it off,' that I have!' ' ' ' No, no ; I know you ought to, go.' ' 'Well,' I ought; ? there's no doubt of it. You see, an important division is expected' to come off this afternoon or to-morrow, and I must bo there to vote with my1 party. You know I have thrown in my lot with the present Government, and I must sup port it steadfastly. It was 'but a sort of barren honor to come in for the earldom of Shelbrooke;' the estates are so imprbver iahed, and the revenue so small, that if we had not learned economy in1 our earjy days' we should have been worse off than we' are. But if I am rewarded with a post about the Court,, Mab, then the salary attached to : it will be a great help for us. Don't you un derstand that, wife?' : ' Of course I do.' ' There, now, you smile again ! Good-bye dear one. Jukes is coming; lean hear' the wheels on the gravel, and there will only be just time to catch the train !' A kiss — a hasty embrace— a caress for baby— a few words of parting—and Lord Shelbrooke sprang into his dogcart. Mabel ..watched , the retreating vehicle until a bend in the drive hid1 it from her aiglit; and then she went back into the hall feeling very lonely and sad, although1 she had baby for. company. V '''! It was by a strange caprice of ' fortiine that John Motterham, a Government clerk, with a very modest stipend, succeeded to the title and estates of Shelbrooke. He had heard, as a sort of family tradition, that;he was descended from a title' family ; but the relationship was so remote, that he was never able to: trace it. He was a tall, fine, large-hearted, hand some young, fellow, with a geniality of manner- which won him friends everywhere ?? and when he had. no other prospect than that of remaining at a clerk's desk all his life, :he : committed -what all his friends said was a. grave indiscretion— to wit, he married' ?? a . girl ' some fifteen years or ' so younger than himself, who had no money or position; but who was well educated, extremely beautiful, had a graceful figure, and a warm heart, which was overflowing with -love for ? ' Handsome , Jack,' as J,oh*n Motterham was often called by his intimate friends. r ? And they were as happy as any married pair everwere since'the world began' ; and when' he was told that he ought to have secured: i ;weal th and position along with a wife, Jack only laughed,; and loved his wife the more. ' . : ' ' Then, about three months after their marriage,, came the news of the death of the Earl of Shelbrooke. He was in his ninety-sixth year when he died, and he had outlived; the j whole of his family ; he seemed to-be the last ;of his race. ? .-???.:? But search was 'made, and the inextof kin was discovered in a cous'in-^-it was hard to say how many times removed— of 'Hand-, some Jack's.: ?.. ' '' '?- '{ ' ' This distant cousion was somewhere about Jack's age— thirty-five and unmarried; He had led- rather, a wild life ; had seen a great deal of the world ;'and was^ Syhat is commonly; hut: expressively called ai'ne'e'r do-weeli''..,; : ;.-.::?! ? ' ' ? ? '? '???? ???'''' The accession to .the earldom wasagreat triumph for, him, and he. avowed ? his inten tion of taking.innt'ohimself a'rich wife, as soon as he had the'opportunity; '?'?.: 'v'' But. alas for, the intentions. -of- .mortals' -JSojsoonerihad':he -become .fairly^'installed '? ?Jbisli-.'ti/i.-vlr-v .!?'.?/?? ????' into his new position, than one ovening, as he whs riding home 'from cover,- his horse made anugly stumble, and after a desper rate attempt'to save itself, fell heavily to thogroimd/ The' new onrlwas -hint; it .was at first thought not seriously, but un favorable, symptoms set in, and' his death followed in a few days. Now, many years before, upon the faith of this cousinly relation, he hitd sought to borrow fifty pounds from Handsome Jack, and had succeeded. But for this, probably, the latter would not have thought of him. But he made close enquiry when the fatal termination of the accident was made known, and the result was that John' Mot terham, of Somerset Mouse and Brixton, was the immediate heir to the earldom. 'Such a change of fortune was almost enough to turn the heads of the recently married pair. But they behaved splendidly and only took possession of the oW family mansion in Hampshire just in time for an infant son and heir to open his eyes beneath its roof. ' Of course there were the usual rejoicings; and then the new earl began to' form' a better estimate of his position. The rent-roll showed a total of close upon twenty thousand per annum; but there were so many charges upon' this in come; that by the time they were, all met the amount left for the nominal ''cfwnei1 was loss than a tenth of the original sum— plenty, #f' course, to live in fine stylo* at! Brixton, but nothing like enough when there' was the great mansion, of the Shol brookesto be ko.pt' up in' anything like de cent dignity'. !'.'?''? ' ' \- : CHAPTER II. ? ' : , ^ . ,,; THE W0JU.N IN; BLACK. When the dogcart disappeared, a feeling of great loneliness and depression came over Mabel. It was the first time she had been left, alone in the great old mansion; and: though she told herself over and over again' that she had nothing to fear, yet her nervous dread that something was about to happen prevented her from settling down to airy'of her usual pursuits.'' 'I will go on1.,' she said, as she rang the bell; 'and baby shall' go, too. The fresh air will do me more good than any thing.' ' ' ' And in a few minutes afterwards, at tended by the nurse; she was walking slowly, down the carriage-drive. : It1 was a delightful summer's day; the sun shone,- the swallows skimmed swiftly through the air, and the soft breeze brought upon it the sweet fragrance ; of n'ew-mowii hay; '''? ' ' ' We will go down i to the . haymakers, Jane'.' 'Yes, my lady.' ' ? '? Accustomed 'from her birth . to a town life, Mabel felt a keen pleasure in the novel ties which the country life presented to her ; and this visit to tiie hnyfiold changed the current of her thoughts. She' sat down upon the liny and watched the busy scene witli child-like interest. . , ' Before' ''her, stretching through the park like' a broad band, was the carriage-' drive. ' ' ' ,''..,, A dark object in motion along this drive . presently attracted her attention, and in a, few -minutes she made it out to be a female figure clad in black. . , Mabelcould never understand the, sudden interest. the appearencejof'this 'woman ex cited. ' With her 'eyes fixed, she watched her intently as she gradually approached. The' woman in black walked with a slow and faltering step, and every' now and then she stopped, either for the purpose .of looking about her or recovering a little strength.- ' ? ' As she' came nearer, Mabel saw that her dress was. poor and old— that it was dusty arid ?travel-stained; Her age probably did not exceed thirty, yet her cheeks w.ere thin and wrink'lecU-f her forehead 'furrowed — her eyes lustless. Despite this, however, and her, ghastly pal lor, there.1 w;ere signs left that this poor, forlorn-looking creature had once been beautiful.' '' ?'.,''. It was 'with a strange, skrinking step that she came'forwaid when she saw she wns observed ; and she glanced with some apprehension towards the hay makers, as though she feared she would be ordered to be gone';1' '.''?' . ; '? Jane, do you know who that, is ?' 'No, my lady. Someone begging, I think.' 1: ??.'?','. ' Give me baby, then, and go, and see.' The stranger was only a few paces off. ' Who are you ?' said the nurse, accost ing her somewhat gruffly. 'What do you want?' '??'???? ; -. '?''?? ?' ? ? ; : 'I am weak and ill,' was the answer. ' Walking so far lias ovprtaxed mystrength. Is it far ,.to; the 'Hall-^Slielbrooke i Hall I . mean ?' ' No, it is quite close at .hand.' As soon as you pass the- bend in the drive you can 1 see it. But what isyour business there ?' ' I want to see Lord Shelbrooke.' ' Lord ?Shelbrooke !' - repeated ' Jane, in a voice that fully showed ? her astonish ment. ' Yes ; js ho at home ?' ' No,1 he left this morning for London.' At this intelligence, a terrible look of despair; came into the haggard ' face. The lips: moved.Mbut no sound came ^through them. :.. ? . : --.';. i- ' ' : '. Lady Shelbrooke, my mistress, is here ; you; hatr better speak to her; you seem '? quite ill.' At this moment Mabel advanced. ' What^-what'did you say !' cried, or rather shrieked the ? stranger. ' Lady Shelbrooke— Lord Shelbrooke married. No, no'!' ' ''? ' ?'??-???? ? ? ' Yes,' said Mable, calmly. ' I am Lady Shelbrooke ; what is- — -' ' ' ; ? But the stranger, dashing her 'hands to gether with a gesture of despair, uttered a low/, moaning cry; and before 'Mabpl could finish speakingi sank insensible to the ground. ' . ? ? : Jane looked from her mistress to the 'stranger, and then back again, bewildered; and for a moment Mabel herself was at a loss what to do. ? ? ' The whole occurrence was so extraordi nary and unexpected, and suggested so : many painful arid perplexing thoughts; that it was no wonder she' lost: her customary presence of mind. . ' ? ' Beg pardon; my lady,' said one of . the haymakers; touching -his,, hat respectfully.: 'I see this young 'oomanifall, and— —':? : . : 'Yes,1 yes,' interrupted Mabel. 'She is evidently exhausted,' but, as far as I can 'make out; has come here' on some' business. ' She must have help. Can you take, her to tiie'house?' .':;; .?..:?;'?:??'.??! ''???'?' ;''','; \\. ; ' Yesi'riiy lady. 'We -can put some, hay ? on; a ??! hurdle;1 and carry 'the 'poor.' 'thing easily ? enough. It will be just like a bed.' ' . 'At once, then, please— at once; and let someone nni on and toll the housekeeper, so that she may be in readiness.' 'Yes, ray lady.' . * ,? A. portion of the park had been tempoiv tirily divided with some wooden hurdles; one of these was now taken up; it was quite six feet in length, and when strewn over with some of the hay, us the man had suggested, it' formed about as comfortable a litter as could well be imagined. All work wns suspended, mid willing hands engerly came forward. The stranger was gently placed upon the hurdle, which was then lifted up by four men, by whom it was carried easily! Tliou, at a slow- pace, they made thotr wny towards the Hall. ' Jane hud again taken charge of baby, and Lady Shul brooko, with a pale, anxious face, iind ii look of pain in her dark eyes, walked beside the hurdle, where the stranger still lay, to all appearances dead. CIIAl'TISR HI. JOHN IIOTTUIUIAM'S WIFE. On reaching the Hall, Lady Shelbrookcs herself superintended the efforts 'made to restore the stranger to consciousness, until a violent headhake compelled her to desist. It seemed, however, that exhaustion was what i(iled the stranger. She partook eagerly of the refreshments offered to her, and then foil off into a heavy sleep, which lasted till sunset. , Coming in at twilight, the housekeeper found her weeping silently, i ' 'Many thanks for all your kindness,' she said, in a low, calm tone. 'I remem ber now that, hungry and tired, [fainted in the park— I have been brought to the Hall, have I not?' . ....'...,-. 'Yes, by my lady's orders, ,she says you are to remain hero quietly nil .night... In the morning you can see Lord Shelbrooke on his return.' . ' 'Ah! yes — yes! I recollect!, London! Where is L— Lady Sholbrpoke ?' . ' Here,' said Mable, in a faint voice. She walked gently mto-tho room us she heard her name pronounced. Poor Mable! Her eyes were burning. Slio was as pale as a ghost. The stranger raised herself, in a halfsit ing posture on her coiich, and looked long and earnestly into the face of the yomjg wife. : ' A girl ! ' murmured the stranger — ' a mere child ! Poor thing — poor thing !' 'What do you mean?' Mable asked, sinking helplessly into a chair ;,for the eyes riveted upon her seemed to hold her with a strange kind of fascination, i ' I wish to speak to you ; , and— and alone.' ?'Shall I go, my lady ?' asked, the house keeper, in ajnanner that said plainly enough I would rather stay. 'Yes, yes— oh! yes. Leave us.pleiise. Then turning to the stranger, she added, 'You have some private communication to make ?' . ' 'T have — oh, Heavens, I have! AV'oulcl that I could leave here with the words unspoken, but I cannot — I dare not!' In obedience to a sign from her mistress, the housekeeper left the room, and closed the door. The stranger now assumed a sitting position on the couch, and putting her hand .into. her. pocket, drew forth a small leather purse.'. '' It grieves me to come here upon this ' errand,' she said in a chocking voice . ' I. know I bring a blight with me, but it is my duty, and I must do it !' 'Speak!' said Mabel. 'I am listen ing.' ' Is it true,' continued the stranaer. ' that you are married to Lord Shel brooke ?'' ' Most certainly ! How can you ask ?' ' Pardon me ! How long is it since the, ceremony took place ?' ., '? Nearly : a year,' was the halfvchockod answer. ' Alas !— alas !' ' Wh'y do you cry alas?' ' Because Of the misery I am obliged to cause. Your fate would draw pityfromaheart of stone ! But I did no wrong ; the fault is not mine. It is , my duty — my plain duty — to speak. Summon up your strength to hear what I have to tell you !^' The ceremony you speak of was a mockery ! Lord Shelbrooke had a wife already ! , He , married me nearly six years ago!' . ;; ''Married you!' exclaimed Mabel. 'You must be mad or dreaming to] say ; 'such a thing ! or are you attempting to play off some terrible imposture upon me ? . He — he is incapable or such an act, quite— quite incapable !' . The stranger shook her head, and drew from the purse a small piece of folded parier. Mabel's heart seemed to turn to'iee as she beheld it. . ' ' Unfortunately for you and for him,' she continued, as she unfolded the paper,'! have proof of what I say. Take this. Look it is ii copy of the certificate of our marriage !' Merchanically Mabel stretched forth her hand, and took the paper. A mist came before bet eyes-— the lines twined them selves fantastically together. She could read notlnng. Still she stared blindly at the paper. Had it been her own death-warrant it could not have affected her more terrible. ' ' You see,' said the stranger, coldly, and yet with some compassion in her tones, 'it is in due form. There is no mistake.' ' But there must be a mistake— a dread ful mistake!' wailed Mabel. And then, ?catching her breath,1 as a sudden thought occured to her, she ejaculated, 'Yes, it is all a mistake ! Why did I not think of it before ? My husband, how I wronged, you by entertaining such a thought !' '' The stranger gazed ~ at her in amaze-, meht. ' Surely you must know,' continued Mabel, now hardly able to speak from ex citement, ' my husband has only ^recently succeeded to the.title. If you married Lord Shelbrooke , six years ago.it could not possibly have been my husband. Yoii must see that at once.' . ; - ' Excuse me,' was the regretful answer; 'I know that tact well. But it was necessary to ask for him under that name. When he married me he was a young man, and — ' i ' ; 'And his name ?' gasped Mabel, pain fully. ' ' Was John Motterham !' '? I With a faint scream, Mabel slipped off 'the chair, and fell upon her. knees. She clasped her hands in an agny of 'entreaty, asshe cried': . ' . ' .; ' ;y . ?' 'Heavens .help nie;have mercy upon mei' or I shall go mad— -mad !' ' \- X ? ?*?!'? -?'?'' -'???'? ? ' ?? '? ? '?'?' '?? lj. ??'? '; *-';- ?'' - - A burst of tears came to her relief. ' Poor girl !' said the stronger, in a voice of deep ? compassion. 'It cuts me to the heart to inflict this misery upon you ! Yet whaf'could I do — how could I know?' Mabel wept hysterically. She had felt so sure that she had satisfactorily solved thu mystery, that when her surmise was thu^ rudely shattered, the disappointment was doubly bittor. 'Listen to me,' said the stranger. 'T have suffered much, and can feel keenly the sufferings ofjanpther. Listen and judge. Me you cannot blame. Let me tell you my sad story.' Mabel said not a word — made not a sign ; but the stranger took her silence us per mission to continue. ' Six ye:irs ago,' she began, ' I was a girl almost as young and beautiful as you are. There was one who said— but no,' no ! let thut puss ! My name, as you will see by that paper, was Lyclie Quiirtier. My father was a descendant of the first IiYpncli settlers in Canada, and we lived at a short distance from Toronto. It wns at the house of a friend, on the occasion of a marriage, that I met the one who ufterwards became my husband. ' Duscribe him,' said Mabel faintly. ' Toll me, if you can, what he was like.' 'I will, so far as I am able. Ho was then nenrly thirty years of age— tall, hand some, with thick wavy hair, and whiskors of a slightly darker tint. He had bright brown eyes, and a hearty, jovial laugh, that to me was music. His. name as I have told you was John Motterham !' Mabel did not cry out now; her last hopo was gone. Stunned, and more wretched than she had believed it possible for any human being to feel, her head sank lower and lower ujion her breast while the Canadian girl went on : ' There is up need to tell you how we loved each other. He paid me the closest attention, and asked my father's consent to our union. It was given readily, for my 'iithfir whs crrowiiifr old. and ho was mv sole surviving relative. : Naturally he was anxious to find one who would protect me. Although not rich, John Mottevham told mo that he had powerful friends in Eng land who would help him in the future; and so, as you will see by that certificate, wo were married. ' Oh ! what a time of joy was that ! — all the more intense, perhaps, to me because it is the one bright spot in all . my dark unhappy life. AYe had been married nearly six months, when my husband received a letter from England. It. brought the, to him, welcome; information that his friends hud succeeded in procuring for. him a Gov ernment situation with a handsome salary, and that it-would oe, necessary tor him to return to England without a moment's de lay. I saw from the first that he was bent upon going, though I, for niany reasons, did not wish to leave my native land ; but he pointed but to me that such a chance might never occur again — that if he did not avail himself of it his friends would naturally feel offended. 'I pleaded my own health and also the condition of my father, who was then on a sick bed, which the doctors told me he would never leave again alive ; but all wns in vain. He was determined so it was ar ranged that he should leave by the next vessel, and that I should follow him as soon as I could. Oh ! that parting — that dreadful parting I I might havelinown. then he did not love me, or he would not have left me under such cruel circum stances. Had it not been for my dying father! would'have gone with him, but to leave my only parent in such a state was impossible, and so— and — he went.' ' And did he desert you so heartlessly ?' anid Mabel, with neain reviving ^liorjes. ' Now, I feel that, after all there must be . some mistake. My John— my husband — could never have acted so !' ' Do not judge him harshly. He wrote to me as soon as he arrived, letters that were full of love and hope, and which bellied to cheer me in my desolate condi tion. He had procured the situation. He was impatienfrfor me to join him. Every letter begged that I would come. ' At last my father died, and I, with my little one— for I had become a mother in the interval— started on our voyage to England. Oh! how impatient I. was as, day after day, I watched .the' waves go rushing past. How I wished, for some power by which 1 could hurry the vessel; oiiward 1 — for now, except .my babe, I had. no one save my husband to cling to in alii tlie world. ,, ' Then came an awful night. The vessel, drived far out of her course by a furious wind, came suddenly into collision with a hugh mass of floating ice. The crash was terrible. It rings even now in my ears ! the waters rushed in — the vessel was a total wreck ! ' . . ? , : , . ? ' Maddened with terror, and clasping my baby tightly, I knew scarcely what was going on. I remember that one of the sailors bound me securely to a large piece of wood. It was my only chance 'of preser vation, he said ;. and the next moment I found myself dashed hither and thither by the dark and cruel waves. ' ? . . ' More 'dead than alive— now submerged — and then driven along the surface of the water — ! knew not where I' went. Of the vessel, of the boats, of the.' unfortunates that were aboard, I saw nothing. I re member after an interval that the sun was 'shiningon me. I seemed to have passed suddenly from night to day. Then 1 knew I had lost my senses for.some time, and. at thesame moment realised that it! was/npt' all my loss. My babe, my li£tle' one had gone ! ? He had doubtless (beeni'wdshed cout of my arms\luring my insensibility; - ' After making that, frightful discovery, there was a total blank; / IXy next con sciousness was that of a white-washed room. I was lying on a narrow bed. I looked around me, at the white walls, the massive door, the small window, until my eyes ached, and then I closed them and tried to think ; but recollection eluded me. Then my attention was attracted by the opening of the door. A woman entered, who, as soon as she saw' met, gave a' start of surprise; then. after begging me to lie quite quiet, see left me once more alonel ? 'It would take too long to relate all that followed, but afterwards I was'able to fill in the blank space in -my life. .' I was; picked1 up' by a vessel bound for Australia. i was believed dead. Oh ! why was I not ? Life was restored to my numbed body ; but the light of reason could not be brought back to my brain., I came to life again, but I was a maniac ! , .' . ,, i 'Oii reaching. Melbourne I was admitted into dir' asylum th'qre^where 'I, ^remaihecl 'without: a gleam of .reason,, or the' slightest, recollection of who or whore I was, for nearly four years ; then, as I have told you, I woke up one day in full possession ot my faculties. ' Alone, friendless, and dostitue in that distant land, my lot wus pitiable enough. The. doctors, wlio were much interested in my singular case, pronounced me perfectly sune. As I had no money and nowhere to go, I was kindly allowed a home in the asylum, in return tor which I rendered what assistance J was able, until in time I became a regular attendant, on the inmates. ' In the meantime, I had written to my husband in England. By the advice of one of the doctors, I wrote also to my native place for a copy of the certificate of' my marriage. This duly came, but no nn sw('ar name from Kngliind. In that long, interval J -thought my husband might have ; died. But, iv powerful impulse continually, urged me to make my wav to England ; and by the assistance of kind friends I was en-y ubled to set out on my voyage, with a little ; money still in my pocki:t. I would not \ give up the hope of finding my husband,' nor were my spirits daunted by the diffi culties before mo. ? ?'/- 'It was almost by a, chance circum- . stance that I learned it was little use to sunk my husband under the name by which , I had known him. Ho was recognised now, as the Earl of Sholbrooke! ' Without a moment's pause I set out as : soon as 1 made this discovery. My money was nearly gone ; I had not enough to buy a . ticket to take me to'Shelbrooke station.: I had to alight nearly ten miles from here, ' and 1 had walked that distance when you-: found me in the path. ' ?', ' You have heard all now, my poor girl,'* she added in a tone of deepest sympathy, r ' Tell me if I have net ed wrongly. Can you blame me ? How was I to. know— to/ guess even — that in the meantime my hus band had married again ? ; ? ' No — no !' gasped Mabel. ' I cannot — I' do not ! We must wait now till to-morrow. Remain here, and obtain if you can a little ? rest. I will try to do the same. But oh M how my brain burns! John — John! how ? could you do me this cruel wrong ?' ?, il And with a burst of tears, she went, with trembling steps, to her own room. ' CHAPTER IV. ? ?;? A DOUBLE SUBPItlSB. Tho great clock in the stable-yard was just booming forth the hour of midnight, ? when Mabel, with a firm determined- ex- i pression upon her pale countenance, opened ? the door of her bedroom, and listened anxiously. All was still. During the last few hours Mabel had . giyen herself up to deep and painful thought. One by one she had gone over the occurrences of the1 day, and now she had resolved upon the course she should porsue. . ? . . That there could be the slighest question as to the truth of the events which tho unhappy stranger had related to her she ' did not for one moment beliove. The narra tive, strange and thrilling as it was, carried conviction with it. Yes, it was true. She had schooled her self to repeat those words4o herself, until she could do so without wincing. John, no doubt, believed that the unfortunate,. Lydie . and her infant had both beenr drowned when the vessel went down. She would do, him tho justice to think that. But wliy, had he kept the occurrence to himself — why guarded the secret so care- - fully ? It was not like him to be so reticent-? yet perhaps put of a mistaken kindness he he had kept this episode of his life from, his wife's Knowledge. But she had speculated upon his motives until she was heartsick and could think no ; , mpre. Now the time for action had come,, and she , nerved herself to carry out ? her purpose. That was to leave Shelbrooke Hall at , once aajd for ever. Where she should go, i what she. should do, she had not thought out. There would be time enough for .all that in, the wretched future ; but for ; the : helpless ;child that would be the companion ? of 'her . flight, the. contemplation of that, i future would have been intolerable. After what had happened she and her husband must part. That fact stared her in the face, and could not be put aside. Under no circumstances now could they hold any sort of communication with each * other. Why, then, have the pain of another meeting? Why, go through that dreadful -j interview, with him,- when, .the result must be the same— a .life-long separation ? No ; it was better,' much better, that she should go at once, .'..,.. Satisfied. with the complete stillness that : reigned about her, Mabel put what money and valuables she had in her pocket, .., shrouded herself in a long waterproof cloak und, then went to the cot where her little.; one was slumbering. She had already attired him in readiness, for going out, and now, with a last look around her, she took him in her arms. Down. the broad, .well-carpeted staircase she crept. , as .noiselessly as , a spectre. Through the long window came bright beams of moonlight. How she shrank from , passing, the spaces , so lighted up, fearing lest she should be seen and her purpose in- . terfered with or, interrupted! . But, the great front door was reached, without the least alarm, and she placed her. i hand nervously upon the lock. Just then. a faint sound, comingfrom the. upper part of the mansion, reached her ears. 7 ;A sudden pang of alarm shot through her breast.. ? ? Shrinking back ,into the doorway, sho listened attentively. The sound ' came again! Late as the hour, was, it was evident that someone was moving about, upstairs.1 Who was it ? The first pang of alarm.over, vexation began to take its place ; for Mabel did not wish her departure to be wit nessed. . , The top ofthegreat staircase was wrapped in gloom, but the wide landing on the first floor was partially, lighted up by the moon's rays. . , ' '-,?. ' , .. ? ' . There was a faint rustling sound .just audiblo in the intense silence— a kind of half-smothered' sigh— and then upon the -- landing appeared a female figure : clad in black. . It was the stranger who had brought Mabel so much woe. 1 What.cjmld it mean ?— what wns her ob- : ject ?; Evidently she was anxious to escape? from observation, for she crossed over the ?» .lighted 'portion of the staircase with ,;a, rapid yet stealthy tread. ? Had her tale been only a portion of some ,' carefully- concocted scheme of villany — a means only, to gain admission to the house ; — and was slie now on her^ way toiadmit 1 her accomplice ? Or— anil this was the most frightful supposition of till and the Wood soeined to stop in its course through Mabel's veins as it occurred to her— had somu fresh accession of madness come over the suffering creature ? If so, what might she not attempt? Mabel felt sick and f flint. But her conjectures as to the destination of the stranger were quickly set at rest, for having reached the foot of the staircase she advanced towards the hall- door. At this moment the infant set up a low cry. ' Ah 1' exclaimed the stranger, stopping short as soon as she heard the sound, ' what is that ? Who is there 1 Who watches me '/' .' It is I,' said Mabel, who, summoning up all her fortitude, advanced a few steps, and allowed the moonbeams to stream upon her. For some moments the two women stood' gazing at each other in silence ; but though theyspoke not, their thoughts were busy. ? With a calmness that astonished even herself, Mabel said, at length— ?' You owe me an explanation. Tell mo ?why it is that I find you creeping cautiously down the staircase like a thief ? What motive had you for gaining admitt ance here?' , For -just one instant an angry gleam sprang into the stranger's eyes ; but it faded away almost instantly. She clasped her hands together, and let her head droop in an attitude of deep dejection. 1 ' Do not be harsh with me,' she said, in a low, gentle voice. ' I little thought that I should. encounter you again to-niglit. For give me for all the pain I have unwittingly iriade you suffer. Forget me ! Let me go in peace i' ???.'?-?'?' ' Go ?' exclaimed Mabel. ' Go ? Where would you go?' : -'I know not, and it matters little. Uo not oppose me. Let me leave the house.' You shall never see or hear of me again.' ' Then, have you come here with a false tale to deceive me, and almost break my heart ? Why have you poisoned my peace of mind? Tell me, or I will alarm the house!' ? ? ' 'You have no need to threaten; nor have! spoken one word that is not true. But let me — oh, let me go ! ): ou shall never see me again !' '? But why ? I must know your, reason for wishing to creep away thus.'' ' Alas ! is_ it not clear to you ? Since (left I have had time for deep and earnest thought. I have wept for you, and reproached niyself for the misery 1 have caused. Therefore, I say, forget ! — forgive ! — let me go. You love John Notterham, and are loved by him. You have a child dear to both. While as for me ? ' She struggled hard with her emotion, and they went on, mournfully : 'Me lie does not love — never did love. By him 1 am now forgotten, or can be no thing more than a shadowy memory of the past. And I have asked myself what will be his feelings if I come forward now. Will he not hate me for my inopportune appearance ? Will he not always look up on me as the destroyer of his happiness? Ah! yes, yes! there is no hope for me— none— none! If you will let me go I will give him up to yo3 ; and if you will keep a secret what has passed between us, I pro mise you by my most sacred hopes, that you shall never hear of me or see me again — never — never — !' How Mabel's ? pulses thrilled while she listened to these words. Truly indeed did this forlorn creature love her husband since she was ready to renounce all her happi ness for his sake !? Not for one moment, however, did Mabel hesitate ; her purpose was as firmly fixed as ever. ? ' ? ? ' Listen,' she said. 'You see me here dressed ready to go out. My little one is well wrapped up too. You or I must leave this house, I know it. But not you — not you ! By all right human and divine your place is here, and here you must remain. Do not interrupt me or hope fora minute to induce ine to change my purpose. ? I be lieve all that you say— your story carries conviction with it. I do not blame you in the least for what you have done ; it is im possible for you to 'have acted rightly and to have done otherwise. My husband, John 1 mean, is likewise absolve of all blame. When the vessel went down, and 80 long a time elapsed ' without having heard from you, he would naturally con clude you had perished. It was unkind of him to keep that part of his history a secret 'from me. He did it for' the best, no doubt ; and I forgive him for that too— - freely and entirely. Let me usk the favor that you will, with your own lips, assure him of my entire' forgiveness. Make known to him my last request— which is, that he shall take no means to discover ?where I have gone or what has become of me. We must never meet again. To see him, to he with him— once so great a hap piness—would now cause me more anguish ' than 1 could bear ; and so you — see— I — I have resolved to go away — to hide myself. Go back again to your room. Farewell !' 'No — no!' cried Lydie Quartier, dis tractedly. ' I cannot — will not permit it ! Oh! \Vhy— Avhy did I ? come here at all? Why did you speak kindly and gently to me? Had you behaved differently my task 'would have been easier.' 'Hush— hush! It is in vain to say a word ! you cannot change my determina tion ! I — '?' 'You shall not go,' cried Lydie, grasping Mabel's cloak. ' If you persist in the at tempt, I will arouse the house. I—' Her voice was interrupted by a furious summons on the knocker ot the hall-door ; and scarcely had the reverberations ceased, ?when they were followed by the loud ring ing of a bell. For an instant that strangely assorted couple clung to each other m ' speechless terror ; and before they could recover from the shock they had sustained the knocking was renewed. ? ? Voices now were heard above— the hur rying of footsteps and the flashing of lights. The entire household was astir. Completely overcome, Mabel | as 'soon as' the stranger let go her hold, sank half fainting; on the floor. 'Hulloa ! It is all right. Open, I «ay!' ??:??. . It was John's voice. : With a sudden bound the stranger darted towards the door. She was unfamiliar1 with the fastenings, but yet was successful in undoing them; ' With a clang the : iron ' bar-fell on the stone floor ;,and then, by the rush of cold air, Mabel1 knew the door was' open. ' ?;? ?''' ' '. '?'? ' ?/. ? '1: Guessing the stranger's motive; she sum mnnecVxip all her energies, as she cried ; \ 'John — -John ! stop ''that' wbniah — stop' JierKDon't let herescape!''; ?? '! ' The unexpected appeal bewildered Lord Shelbrooke for a moment ; but he stretched out his arms and seized the diin: figure, which in another second would, have dar ted down the stops. 'What does it all mean ?' he. asked. ' Thieves — or what is it.' He carried the half insensible form of Lydie into the hall, and slammed the door behind him. ' Now !' he said, ' what is the meaning of all this ? Are you dumb, or what ?' iSy tins time cue servants naci de scended the staircase, and stood, a motley group, with the greatest ? amazement depicted on their counte nances. Several carried candles in their shaking, hands ; and by means of this illumination Lord Shelbrook looked about him. He had heard Mabel's voice, and was full of anxiety on her account. To his unspeak able surprise, he saw her crouching down on the 'pavement, looking up at him' with horror-striken eyes. He let go his captive and came towards her. ' Koep back !' Mabel shrieked. ' Do not come near me ! Do not touch me ; never— never again! Keep back, I say! There is your place, by the side of your first wife— the girl you married in Canada six years ago ! Yes, you look surprised, incredulous. But she lives! She was saved from the wreck. She is there 1' And Mabel pointed to Lydie Quartier, who with returning consciousness, was striving, as well as the uncertain light would lot her to look into Lord Shelbrooke's face. Then ensued a dead silence. The servants, bewildered by all they heard and saw, looked vacantly at each other. Mabel had sunk down on the floor again. Her sobs mingled with the wailing of her infant. . . As for Lord Shelbrooke himself, he stood for a space of time, during which perhaps a hundred could have been counted, us though by some magical process he had been changed from a living, breathing man . into a stone statue. 'What on earth is the moaning of all this?' he vociferated, at length. 'Am I in a dream*, or are you all mad? Is this home or bedlam? Speak, somebody! First wife— Canada — wreck ! Preposterous ! I- was1 -never out of England in 'my life!' Stooping down, he raised Mabel in his arms. She had heard his/leclaration, which if true, effectually disposed of the claims of Lydie Quartier. ' Now then !' ho explained, ' can no one give me a word1 of explanation ? ? ' I can,' said Lydie, stepping forward! ' 1 came 'here to-day to seek the Karl of Shelbrooke, who, when ijlain Joliii Motterhain, married me— Lydie Quartier— in Toronto, just six years ago.' '? But T claim both the 'names you have just uttered, and I am absolutely certain I never saw you in all my life before.' . Mabel crept closer to him. Her breath came and went with sudden gasps. ' No, you are not the man I sought,' said the Canadian, earnestly and sorrowfully. ' There is some likeness, but you are not the same John Motterhain that I knew in Canada.' Oh, what a exquisite sense of relief those words brought to poor Mabel ! But her whole attention was now absorbed in what her husband was saying. , ' ' I think, madam, I can throw a light upon this strange affair. You probably are not aware that I only succeeded to the title Shelbrooke between two and three months ago. Before that the title devolved upon a ?cousin of mine, who enjoyed it for a short time only he was thrown from his horse and killed. ' His name, like mine, Ayas John Motterham.' 'Oh, John!' cried Mabel, almost over mastered byjier joy, '.forgive me for having wronged you by a doubt. I ought to have known that it was impossible for — — ' ' Hush ! ' hush ! dear one — no more. I feel half crazy when I think what distress these disclosures must have caused you. 1 'don't understand at present why at 'this time of night, or rather morning, 1 find you and this stranger dressed as though on the point of going out. I came back by , the last train, with the idea of giving you a surprise, and met with a surprise myself with a vengeance. I should have been'here almost two hours ago, only there 'was a break-down on the line.' ' Thank Heaven you were here in time that you came when' you did,' murmured ' Mabel, faintly. ' ' Oh ! this great joy — this happiness!' It is more than. 1 can bear. J ohn — John, I thought you were lost to me for ever t' * * : * ? -. '# ? # The candles in the ' drawing-room were, lighted, and the, servants, full of wonder,' were once more dismissed to bed ; but the faint light of coming dawn was' streaming through the windows before .Lord Shel brooke and Mabel seperate'd from 'the unhappy Lydie Quartier. Subsequent inquiries proved that. tlie Earl's surmise was the true explanation of the affair. The claim of the Canadian girl was fully established, and slie became by right the Dowager Lady Shelbrooke ; but she does not care to claim the .title.. She prefers a life of quiet retirement in her native -land.. We need scarcely., add that Lord Shelbrooke has been careful to make an ample provision for her, out of the estate. . . .:.....'? ,f .-.. . : ? ? ? , .,' Edwabd. ?: 