HERR PAULUS : HIS RISE, HIS - GREATNESS AND HIS FALL: , . (NOW FIRST PUBLISHED. ' '" BY WALTER BESANT, Author op "All Sorts axd Conwuosb m AU.v," &c.;, &r-; The Right op Trahslatiox n bsoragj BOOK THE SECOND. Chapter V. (Continued).— The Secoxd Function. The Professor looked at the paper suspiciously. He marked the brown coffee stain, ho read the telegrams — they were dated four weeks ago— the date at the top o! the page was four weeks old. Everything seemed genuine. Yet he doubted. "It seems to be— I suppose it is," he said, "the paper of the date named. ' He gave it to Tom Langston, who examined it with equal care. " It is very odd," he said, glancing quickly at Herr Paulue, who received the look and the remark without apparent emotion. "It is extremely odd — it is, in fact, wonderful. The paper has been lying in the drawer of tho safe for a month ; it camo oversky, so to speak, all the way ; yet it smells of the shin or of the letter-bag just as Iadian papers do always smell. Foreign letters have all got a double smell in fact," — ha smelt tho paper curiously. "Oue of the pluce where they come from. There's a Calcutta smell and a Bombay smell, and a Delhi smell that I cau detect ; of course every city bus its own peculiar smeli. Aud there's the smell of the voyage as well. Now this paper lias never been on a ship at all and yet it bus this smell of the voyage. How are wo to explain that ?" "As forme," Paul replied cheerfully, "I explain nothing. 1 am not responsible tor tho paper or for the way in which it'eume," " Why try to explain 7" asked Air. Brndenel. "Tho fact is before us. Everyone here can testify to that. And now," he looked round with an air of assurance and triumph, "I presume that no ono will doubt my state ment of tho cose. And I hope — I trust — that this miracle, I can account it as nothing less- will remove the last shreds of doubt if any remain as to the mission of my young friend here." All those who had any right to be considered persons of authority hero stepped forward and shook hands, first with Air. Brudenel and then with HerrPaulus, It was at this point that Air. Brudenel delivered himself of tho speech which lias already been mentioned. It was a purely spon taneous and unpremediaied speech, springing straight from the joy and triumph of his heart. And everybody felt that he had a right to make that speech. Sibyl, who preserved her presence of mind aud remained unmoved, looked inquiringly at Tom, who only shook his head mournfully. The case was beyond him. It seemed lor the mo ment as if tho scoffers were silenced. Certainly, his laboratory contained no such secret as would enable him to annihilate time aud space, except by means of the electric spark, which does not convey a book and parcels. The Professor, however, rallied. Ho was beaten down hut uot conquered. "I admit," ho said, » that you have a very strong case, particularly if it could be shown that no one could receive a copy of ihc paper by post in time to placo it in the safe. Uutil that is proved I cannot acknowledge the genuineness of this miracle. Wo must not uccept the impossible us accomplished until there remains no room for dcubt, Have ysu anything to add, sir? He turned to Herr Paulus. "I? Nothing." The young Philosopher was standing carelessly, as if he was not at all interested in the case. " Nothing at alh If you cannot accept Mr. Brudenel's statement, it is waste of timo adding mine byway of corrobora tion. Perhaps, as you say, tho safe has been tampered with. Yet the tampering must have been effected between tho earliest possiuletime when the paper would be received, and 9 o'clock, tho time when everybody here arrived. Let us get our limits of time exact. I ought to add, however, that it is not my business to perform conjuring tricks, even of this kind. But it was thought necoesary to impress upou people by some such manifestations tho reality of cer tain messages. I am not a medium in ths ordinary sense of the word. " " You aro not," said Emmanuel Chick. "Aly Friends converse with each othe? freely, whother they aro dead or alive ; whether they are together or apart. " Are we not mixing things ? " asked ths Professor. " No — if I succeed in showing yon exactly what I claim to bo and to do. If you come hero expecting the ordinary raps and things, you are mistaken. Tho arrival of this paper it not due to any spirit, but to a living person." "Humph 1 " said tho Professor. " The original intention of that living person has been carried out. Mr. Gyrus Brndenel has no longer any doubt at all'" " None," said that gentleman ; "none what ever. We stand upon the Solid Rock — upon the Solid Rock." The repetition of this assertion unfortunately weakened its strength. It seemed as if the ia credulity of the Professor had takon something from the Solidity of the Rock. " There, pre Borne," said Herr Paulus, " wha . are so prejudiced that they will never believe. Come, sir," he turned sharply to the Professor. " What is it you wonld like to have 1" "Give me this day's paper." "Well, I gave it Mr. BrudeneJ, but yon won't believe me. Still, if you are not oon« tented, and if my Friends are willing to gratify a sceptical mind— not that you will believe a bit the more— but still — — " Ho said this very slowly, and with meaning, insomuch that there was once more a hush of expectation, and all oyes were turned npon him. " See I " he cried, throwing forward his right arm with the same gesture that he had employed on the first evening. Then he raised his left hand caught something folded — how it came or whence, no oue saw. It was a folded paper, and he handed it to the Professor. " What is it ?" he asked. Tho Professor opened the paper, looked at the title and at the date. " Good heavens !" he cried, " it is TO. DAY'S PAPER." " Oh 1" Everybody said that "To-day's paper," he repeated, again look" ing at the title and tho date. " Tho Friend of India published at Delhi this very day. U : it possible?" Herr Paulus took the paper from his unre sisting hand and gave it to Lady Augusta, who gavo it to Hetty, who passed it on to another, and so it passed from hand to hand, for everybody wanted to see for them- selves this most wonderful thing. "Tom," Sibyl whispered, "I feel as if my head was going round. What does it all mean ? Can there bo any reality in it ? " I believe," Tom replied, " that we are all mesmerised, and that ho makes us see and say and testify exactly what he likes. Keep your head steady, Dodo. Tho Professor looks like tho proverbial stuck pig. Put a pin into me if I begin to look that that. "I should like," said the Professor, recover- ing a little, "to seethe paper again. Afay I' tako it away and keep it ?" "Certainly," Herr Paulus replied. " Whirl,- i9 it ? Who has got the paper ? " Wonderful to relate, nobody had it. The; paper had vanished. Some there were who. thought that the Rev. Benjamin Badge: had taken it for literary purposes, but he declared tbat ho had done no more than read the title and the date, likd the. rest. Others, again, thought that Mr. Etn- mannel Chick might havo slipped it into hie pocket in order to hide the evidence of superior skill ;. but he denied the charge. Everybody- hadieeen it ; everybody, had passed it on ; end no one could find out who had it last. ItJBt— gone— lost— and it has nerer been seen ibce. . ; " Shell we offer onr pockets to be searched ?" asked Herr Paulus. "Oh! nonsense," said tbe Professor. ; My dear sir,'" said Herr Paulus', "those who sent the paper here could take it away again. Understand, : sir"— for the first time this evening he abandoned the easy half care less manner and became grave and admonitory understand that my Friends do not suffer dictation. They have chosen to show you this wonder. Bcli . it or not as you please. Put any construction npon it yon please.' And now there will bo no farther manifestations." "Herr Paulns," the Professor replied, "I have no reply to make and no explanation now to suggest. But I always remember Dr. Siade's slate," he added in a whisper. '""Herr Paulus," it was Mrs. Hauley Tracey — "Remember, you promised to seek ns out ou Sunday eveniug9. Come next Sunday." '"Dear Lady Augusta" it was Mrs. Medlock — "You must keep him here. Oh! that college of which we spoke. How gladly would would 1 hellup 1 I have been asked to lecture for the new Society for the Extension of Psychical Learning. It is a most interesting and attractive subject, full of ghosts. But oh ! how much rather would I hellup your college ! " " Old man," it was Tom who laid his hand on Paul's arm, and whispered, "it was wonderful— truly wonderful 1 It was beauti fully done. How the D£vil did yon do it? And what became of the paper ? " Chapter Yl. — Beaumont-street, Mautle- bone. If yon walk np that street, now well nigh forgotten by the fashionable world, called the Alarylebone High-street, just after you pass the old Parish Church, and before you come to the stately new. church of St. Marylebone, yon will come upon a small row of little houses running eastward. A street called Beaumont- street begins here, bnt long before there was any Beaumont-street these houses were erected. They are two-storied houses, and painted drab, and always look as if they had been " done up '' last summer, and their shutters — they still haTe shutters — are green. If you keep one eye upon the old Parish Church, and another npon these houses, they are Quite in place, and harmonise perfectly. If yon think of the great new church, and of the opposite houses, they are incongruous. The little old Parish Church is just exactly now as it was when Hogarth painted the service in it, save that they have cruelly removed the old three decker— indeed, I know not where to look for the three decker now nearer than Whitby. There used to be one at Lyme Regis, but 1 hear that it has been removed; If you go to this church on a Sun day morning, and shut your eyes to the con gregation, which, somehow, seems to consist chiefly of gentlemen's gentlemen and of ladies' ladies, you may fancy yonrself hack ia the days of wigs and commodes, of purple satin coats aud hoops. Moreover, if you contemplate this little row of houses steadily, you are presently enabled to remove all the houses aud streets opposite toi them, "and to restore in their place the dear old Marylebone Qardens, beloved of Pepys, ' frequented by Captain MacHeath, hy the roystering blades of London Town, by the sparks from the Temple and Gray's Iun, by grave citizens who brought their wives and daughters for an even ing of innocent amusement, and by riotons young noblemen who came with Cynthia and Chloe. At the back of the church was the work house, whither, in due course, Cynthia and Chloe retreated, a good deal battered by the Joyous Life ; and south of the work house lay the great burying ground, oldest of the London cemeteries, which is now a garden Cynthia and' Chloe hoth lie buried here without any tombstones. ' Oh, the tales that these houses could tell 1— the nights they remember,' when the horns resounded in the gardens, and when the men sang at their suppers, and Kitty and Jenny and Polly pranced around with their gallants, and the highwaymen swaggered within, and the footpad larked without, and tho gamester and the pluck-pigeon prowled about in search of their prey. But their jnstoriettes would be more amusing than edifyiug. ; ' The gardens are long since shut up and built over, like Cupid's Gurdeus, aud Ranel&gh;, and Vauxhall, aud Cremorne, for there is to be no more innocent happiness allowed to anybody, on account of the serpent who gets into all the gardens and tempts the young folk with that apple. Streets cover up these gardens, as they cover up the great Queen Anne-square which' lay beyond ; the turnpike at the end of High-street is gone, and there is not'a single remnant of fashion left from end to end. Vet if a man wanted a quiet corner, unfreqaehted and unknown, there is no more likely spot for him in all Loudon than this little bit of Beau mont-street, Marylebone High- street. | One afternoon there walked slowly across the church yard from the, Euston-road to High- street, a young gentleman dreBsed in a most beautiful and expensive fur-lined coat. His hat was new and glossy ; his gloves and boots were good, and he carried a new and very slim umbrella; a young gentleman clearly of fashion and fortune, if outward seeming be worth anything. i.The old woman opened the door for him in one of the little old houses, let him in without question, and he entered the front room on the gronnd floor without being announced. Clearly, therefore, ami de famille, or perhaps a son of the family. There was sitting by the fire in a low chair, his feet upon a cushion, a man well strickon in years. He was asleep wlien the door opened, bnt woko with a start and sat upright, clutching the arms of tho chair. ".Paul," he cried. "I thought you would come to-day. I felt you coming." He was certainly enjoying a green old age ; bis shoulders were rounded, his beard and bis abundant bair were both long and white and venerable ; his limb9 were thin, and looked as if they would tremble under him if he stood upright; but his eyes' were strong and clear; there wa9 no sCnility in those eyes ; and his face, once awake, was full of life, and interest in life. Some of us, the happiest among us, die upwards, slowly ; others, more unhappy, die downwards from the top to the trunk. This eld man was dying upwards. " Paul, it is a mouth since you left us. How nave you fared ? Sit down, you have mnch to tell. Sit down and begin." There was something in his voice and way of Sneaking which resembled the manner' of the yonnger man ; a winning smile ; a soft voice ; a 'gentle tone ; a sympathetic and earnest look in the eyes. Had the younger man caught his manner from the older, and improved it after capture ? Paul removed his coat and sat down. " Pirst, then," ho said, " I found it easier tb succeed than ' I thought. My success has been wonderful. Now I will tell you all about it " "We know how hehad succeeded, andcanthere- fore omit his narrative, ihongh there were many points in it omitted in onr own. History is nothing but careful selection, and were all the tfath told there would bo nothing dramatic and nothing interesting. For a beginning, Paul," said the old man, ilyon have done welt Nay, my hoy, you have shown genius. But how will you keep it P?"' " By genius agaio. At present I have only just begun. Oh ! It will be the most splendid thing out. And it is all so simple, so simple, so wonderfully simple." .- ".Simple, indeed — to you. But there is no one in the whole world who has your powers, Paul.'' -The idiots 1 The clumsy idiots! Why, moro mtracles havo been performed in that'one house during the last month than by the whole of the' Spiritualists since the "rappings :first bfegun, with the Esoteric'Suddhists thrown in I JjtajmUJadthjjgooBjoraictiujtheir tricks add little crafty cheats, and people go on believing in them," "Good, lad, good." The old man gently rubbed his hands. ' This is the right spirit- contempt for the inferior practitioner; You have your powers; he lias his tricks. You have your secrets ; he has his machinery. Yes, you can drive him out of the field. And after that?" " I shall found a new system of Philosophy," Paul went on, with enthusiasm, "I shall become the Leader of a great School. I call it the Ancient Way. ' I have a Sacred Book — I am writing it now — it is the hook of the Secret Wisdom of King Solomon, taken to Abysinnia by his son Menelek." " Very good. Abysinnia is good. Thibet is played out. Abysinnia is very good." ' 'W e shall have a College and chosen Disciples, Only there will be the Illuminati, who have powers corresponding to my own. There will be degrees — from the Initiate to the Adept. Oh ! I see it before me clearly. And when this College is established, and my name is made for ever — and I am in the midst of my power — I shall vanish suddenly and be no more heard of, and so be a problem far all ages." "Ye-yes." Tho old man received the con clusion of this programme somewhat doubtfully . " Ye-yes, Paul, The College and this School of Philosophers are very good ideas, because you would be the beau of iiits Cuilrge,!oUd they must pay their head. But it would be hard work — very hard work — keeping it up. And if you were to vanish my dear boy, how about the dollars ?" The young man's face, which had been glow ing, fell, and ho changed color. "The dollars — ohl the. dollars! — it is the curse of being an American, that one is never permitted to think of anything bnt dollars." "Yon are yonng, lad; you are youug. When you are old yon will think aa I think. There ts nothing bnt dollars worth considering. Where is yonr independence if you have got no dollars ? What is your glory worth ? What will yon do in yonr old age if you have no dollars ? I have got few enough, because, like you, when 1 was young and foolish, I wasted myself in idle display of powers to make the world open its mouth and gape. It is glorious, my son. Yonr scheme is splendid, and the secret history, if it were ever revealed, would be more glorious to you tbau the belief of your disciples and the foundation of a Sect. Bnt you are young. A few years— perhaps a single year — will do all that you wish to do here ; and then— you have a long life before you. There is nothing that you can do to make yonr living. How will you live ?" " Liko the sparrows." " On crumbs and worms. Will yon like it ?" ' Well then — I will keep on the College. I will attract students by hundreds. I will take all their fees to myself and build up a great fortune." " Now you talk sense, Paul. Better still — go over to America and fouud a Sister College. If you want to make a very large fortune, give ont that the Younger Sister is going to surpass the Elder, by reason of the enormously superior intellect of the Americans. There are plenty of credulous people in both countries, my boy — here they call them mugs or jugginses. But there are more mugs in tho States than in England." " I do not like the use of slang," said Paul, coldly. " No ? Let us not speak of mugs, then, There are more Enquirers in the States than Great Britain. Will that do ?" Besides, there is another reason why I think I could make money — only sometimes," he said, apologetically, " one gets carried away. There is a girl " "Paul ! Paul !" The old man sat upright, holding tight to tbe arms of his chair, and speaking earnestly. " I have warned you again and again. Yonr power depends upon you keeping brain clear and heart cold. If you suffer your brain to be filled with the thoughts of a woman ; if your heart beats at the sight of a woman ; if you fall in love, you are lost. You can only work that Power so long as you remain nnmoved by any woman. It was a woman who destroyed Samson. A woman will destroy you. Let all the women love you; pretend to love them in return ; but never, never let your imagination dwell npon one of them. Take care, take care." " This is not a common girl. And I am not talking of love at all" — yet he blushed — This is a girl whom I have discovered — one girl of a thousand. She is to other girls what I am to other men. She has the Power, daddy Yes, she has the Power ; she does not know it, though she knows that I can at any moment take her out of herself. She has the power in a wonderful measure. Oh ; if you had had the luck, the special luck, to have fallen in with such a girl a long time ago, yon would not have been contented with advising New York mer chants, and consulting spirits about the price- of stocks. Yon would have gone lor higher game. There is no better clairvoyante in tbe world, 1 am certain, although she suspects nothing of her powers. She is the daughter of a low class medium, three-fourths humbug, one-fourth sensitive, and she bates the thing because sbe bas long since found out her mother's tricks. But in my hands " he paused aud sighed. » Is she young, Paul ? Is she young and beaatiful ?" " She is young and beautiful. In better dress she would be — yes — she would be the most beautiful girl you ever saw. She believes in me, too. Perhaps, perhaps," — he blushed again — " perhaps she loves me. I do not know. You never had such a woman in your hands, I guess." ' Perhaps not. Perhaps I have. Well,, and how is the girl to help in the College ?" "Sou ask me such a questiou ! What are the things which would most attract the people? The Manifestations. Only a sensi tive like you — and your pupil and my pupil — could manage these — to call it managemeat. Then think of Clairvoyance — I know what that girl can do. 1 have experimented upon her with nobody looking on. And there is Thought Reading. I could teach her how to read thought — 1 am certain I could— better than I can do it myself. And there is Prophecy. There is a clear field for you. I don't mean spotting tho winner, but high class Prophecy, which has never yet been attempted. I am quite sure that anyone who knows all the facts, that is, more than the inquirer knows, can pre dict what is going to happen. There is Tele pathy. That is a new subject which requires to be developed. There is plain and sirnplo Mesmerism, with mesmeric healing and mes meric anaesthetics. Can yon ask what such a girl could do for J the College ? Why, her example alone would create a crowd of clair- voyantes." " Paul, yon are indeed a genius." " There are plenty of girls like her, thongh not so wonderful. There is Cicely Langston, for instance." " Who is she ?" " " She is the blind girl. I' have as mueh influence over her as I have over Hetty." His voice dropped a little as he pronounced the nameof tho girl. This was a bad symptom, properly understood. "Does she, too, believe in you? Is she, too, iu love with you, Paul ? "Love? No, I think not. She believes in me and she trusts me. Now, daddy, be sympathetic. You used to be sympathetic enough in the old New York days." " Yes, because I had a pupil who promised wonderfully well, and only wanted encourage ment. I gave him that, aud all the help I could. And now, I am happy to say there's not a man in the world can show a candle to him ; not a man in the world who's got a greater influence over people, or who's more highly sensitised." " There isn't, Daddy," said Paul." , " Thanks to you there isn't one." He laid his hand affectionately on the old man's arm.' - , "Bnt don't forget the dollars, PanL 'Re member the people are longing to pay over their dollars to some one — any one ' who can make them laugh or cry, or frighten them." " I believe that is so," said Paul thought fully. " Of course it is. They make their money only to give it away in exchange for pictures, or statues, or to buy laughter, tears, terror, comfort and hope. We find these things for them, Paul, my boy. I have taught you how to do it. Catch their eyes and their minds, and hold them tight Hold them with a Grip. The man who has got the quality of Grip is the successful man, whether he is actor, or novelist, or dramatist, or conjuror, or whether he knows the secrets of the occult philosophy. Grip is the thing— Grip." " You are always right, Daddy," " Hold them with a Grip, and don't let go till the dollar's are all raked in." "Well, Daddy, bat let me have my little play first"' ' "No, boy, no. Don't .waste time." " Think of the splendid position, the College of the Ancient Way, the Book of Wisdom, tho troops of Illuminati, and the Adepts and the Clairvoyants." "If you will only stick to it, Paul. But you won't. I am afraid you will want to play a deeper game." "And then think — only think — of disappear ing suddenly, leaving not a trace behind ex- cept, perhaps, a postal address to' Abyssinia." " Yes, Paul, if you could afford it. But you can't. Besides, there is another danger. " "Oh! I know.; have no fear, Daddy." " It is a terrible danger far so voong a man. Your Power, I tell you again, is like the strength of Samson, and when yon fall in love with a woman you will lose it. Samson's is a very instructive history for you, Paul. Keep your heart free and cold and your brain clear. Else you will lose your power as Samson lost his strength." " Never fear, Daddy. I love my Power too well ; whether I disappear or whether I stay on, 1 shall keep tbat, even if I have .to! tarn my thoughts and my eyes from the contem plation of beauty. Any way, my college would be better than telling New York operators when to buy and sell. Fancy wasting such a beautiful gift on bulls and bears !" They talked ail the afternoon — the master and the scholar, who had long gone beyond anything the ' master could teach him — and soared upwards iu flights isr beyond the old man's powers of imagination. Yet the master had his points. They talked of many thfags : bnt one thing they avoided. Two of a trade always agree to avoid one subject. It' is that side, of their business which they do not present to the world. Outsiders may talk, generally, aud with an affectation of knowing them, of the secrets of a trade ; those who are actually engaged in any trade avoid the 9ubject ; they knew that secrets may be called by another and a much more ugly word. So many trades so' many secrets. So mdny secrets — so many — no — let them remain secrets. Thus shall every craft havo the power of reforming itself, and of becoming honest to the smallest detail. Those who are in the line of Spiritualism, Theo9ophy, Occult Pbilosopy, and the like, have like drapers, grocers, aud the whole tribe of trade, their trade secrets. Even those who dwell upon the highest Planes, and possess Powers to which the general practitioners only pretend, avoid speakiug with another of the machinery, so to speak, by which those Powers are illustrated. A certain amount of stage man agement, ia fact, is absolutely necessary before the higher flights of creative genius can be attempted, la all art. of any kind, there must bo grouping. At last Paul got up. "I must go, Daddy," he said. "1 shall come to sec you again before long, now that thfags are going on so well." "Do, Paul, do. By the way, I've a letter here from a man called Medlock. . He says you know him." . " There was a man of that name went ahont with Kate Flight, the medium. He was her secretary or clerk. Whut does he want?" "Business. He is over here. Says he could run you — he doesn't know where yon are — on advantageous terms next winter. " " We'll see. Medlock — Haynes Medlock it was — 1 wonder if he is Hetty's father, who ran away. Medlock 1" Paul started. "Daddy, find out all you can about the man' aud tell me when he comes." "I will, Paul." " Don't forget, Daddy. It may most be useful to me to know all about the man. Do you think you will be able to walk soon ?" " I could walk now, but this cursed east wind keeps me at home. " "Do you think you could make just one little expedition for my sake ? " " What is it ?" "I have often thought that if the learned Abyssinian, the Falasha, Isak Ibn Menelek, he who possesses Solomon's Book of Wisdom, and is the chief prophet of the Ancient Way, would come to the study some morning and present the Book in oerson it might have a good effect." The old gentleman laughed merrily. " ionr hair and beard are beautiful. Your eyes are as keen and bright as any philosopher could desire. I would provide a robe, and as for the Book, it is nearly ready. It is in parch ment — a Roll, you know — venerable with age, but written in modern English, because all languages are alike to us. " " I will come, Paul, if you will arrange for me to come and go unseen. " " That will be very easy. You can keep the cab waiting close to the house, and — oh ! yes, it can be easily arranged." ' Then it shall be done. Have your fling, my dear boy, and fouud your College. But for making the dollars we shall have to establish tbat other Institution which is to surpass and outstrip her English sister, . because of the enormous intellectual superiority of the Ameri can people. Next to Grip, Paul, comes the Spread Eagle." (To he continued.) 