AN AUTUMN EVENING IN WHITE- CHAPEL. I (Daily A/cu».) ! Whitechapel and Spitalfields are always interesting neighbourhoods, and recent events have marie them decidedly more interesting. They have afforded startling illustrations of the dreadful possibilities of life down in the un- fathomable depths of these vast human warrens. At all times one who strolls through this quarter of town, especially by night, must feel that below his ken are the awful deeps of an ocean teeming with life, but enshrouded in impene- trable mystery. As he catches herc and there a glimpse of a face under the flickering, uncertain light of a lamp the face perhaps of some woman, bloated by drink and distorted by passion-he may get a momentary shuddering sen6e of what humanity may sink to when life is lived apart from the sweet health giving influences of fields and flowers, of art and music and books and travel, of the stimulus of interesting enter- prise, the gentle amenities of happy hours and intercourse with the cultivated and thc cultured. A mooientary sense of what human nature may become may here and there flash in upon one as he gazes out upon the dark waters, but it is only when tbe human monster actually rises for a moment to the sur- face and disappears again, leaving a victim dead and disembowelled, that one quite realises that the momentary sceDe is a dread reality. Just for a few days the mass of the people of Spital- fields and JVhitechapel themselves seemed to be realising the awful possi- bilities of the uaturo that belonged to them. Thousands of them were really shocked and sobered, by the last tragedy especially. One could see in the people's faces, aud could detect in their toneB and answers, an indefinable something which told plainly that they had been horrified by a revelation. Many of course were terribly frightened. Mr. George Holland, whose remarkable work has been going on for so very many years in premises occupying an obscure position in George Yard, Whitechapel where it wi!) be remembered one of these unfortunate women was found with thirty or forty stabs-says that the sensation has effected his institution very greatly. He has some hundreds of young women connected with his place, and many of them have been afraid to stir out after dark. He is under some anxiety, too, lest ladies who have been wont to come down there on winter evenings to teach and entertain his young people, should be deterred by this latest addition to the evil reputation of Whitechapel, and he is earnestly pushing on alterations in his premises which will give him a frontage out in the main road. On the other hand, Mr. Charrington, whose great place stands out boldly on the Mile End high- way a blaze of light and cheerfulness, \ thinks that people have more than ever thronged out of the dark and silent by- ways and back lanes into the broad pavement and into the glare of light thrown upon it by shops and public bouses, and entertainments, and the in- numerable hawkers and salesmen of one sort and another who line the " waste " along thc Mile End Itoud. Since these outrages the dark places of Whitechapel and Spitalfields have undoubtedly been a little darker and stiller, and more depressing. Some streets have pre- sented, even to those familiar with them, quite a desolate and deserted appearance after nightfall. But the nine-days' wonder has passed, the effect of the shock hus visibly subsided, and people are beginning to move freely again. Turn down this side street out of the main Whitechapel Road. It may bc well to tuck out of view any bit of jewellery that may be glittering about ; the sight of means to do ill deeds makes ill-deeds dona The street is oppressively dark, though at present the gloom is relieved somewhat by feebly- lighted shop-fronts. Men are lounging at the doors of the shops smoking evil- smelling pipes. Women with bare heads and with arms under their aprons are sauntering about in twos and threes, or are seated gossiping on steps leading into passages dark as Erebus. Kow round the corner into another still gloomier passage, for there are no shops here to speak of. This is the notorious Wentworth street The police used to make a point of going through this only in couples, and pos- sibly may do so still when they go there at all. Just now there are none met with. It ts get- ting on into the night, but gutten, and doorways, and passages, and stair- cases appear to be teeming with children. See there in that doorway of a house without a glimmer of light about it. It looks to be a baby in long, clothes laid on the floor of the passage, and seemingly exhausted with crying. \- Listen for a moment at this next house. There is a scuffle going on upon the staircase-all in the densest darkness and before you have passed a dozen yards there is a rush downstairs and an outsurging into the street with fighting and screaming, and an outpouring of such horrible blackguardism that it makes you shudder as you look at those curly-beaded preternaturally sharp witted children who leave their play to gather around th<\- »nelie. God help thc little mortals ! How can tbey become anything but savages, "peateof society," the "da-igerous liasses," and so on. How black anil unutterable gloomy all I the houses look ! How infinitely all the ' moral and physical wretchedness of such localities as these is intensified by tin? darkness of tile streets, and the houses, lt is «¡se and astute of Mr. Barnett to ¿;¡ve emphatic expression to the cry that 1ms KO often been raised for " more light " for lower London. If in this one matter of light alone, thc streets and houses of the West End were reduced to Mi«! condition of the East, what would life become there? Oh, for a great installation of the electric light, with which, as the sun goes down, to deluge the streets and lanes, the dark allies and passages, the staircases and rooms of this nether world. Homes would become cleaner, and more cheerful and attractive ; fife would become healthier, whole masses of crime would die out like toadstools under sunlight, and what remained would be more easily dealt with. The Cimmerian' darkness of lower London indoors, and out constitutes no small part of its wretchedness, and the brilliant lighting of the public-bouse gives it much of its attrac- tion. Even the repute of many of these shady localities is due in great measure to their impenetrable gloom after night- fall. There are many of these doorways and staircases into which a stranger might venture with perfect impunity, and many of the people are harmless well meaning sort of folk, but they are all enshrouded in that murky obscurity which in the apprehension of adven- turers from more favoured regions converts them all into possible assassins and thieves. It is a relief to get out of this vile little slum, and to work one's way back into the life and light of the great highway, with its flaunting shops, its piles of glowing fruit, its glittering jewellery, its steaming cook-shops, its flaring gin palaces and noisy shows, and clubs and assembly rooms, and churches and mission halls, its cheap jacks and shooting galleries, its streaming naptha lights and roar and rattle, and hurrying throngs and noisy groups, and little assemblies gathered together under the stare and thc street lamps to iisten to some expounder of the mysteries of the universe or of the peculiar merits of a new patent pill. Here are the news- paper contents-bills spread out at large with some of the newsvendor's own additions and amplifications, telling of new murders or further details of the old ones. The young man with a bundle of papers under his arm is evidently OD the friend- liest of terms with the neighbouring shoeblack. One or the other of them has picked up half a cigar, and the two are getting alternate pulls at it with evi- dent enjoyment. Up in a retired corner there ie a little mob gathered round an almost inanimate looking figure beating! out with a couple of quills what he takes apparently to be music from a son of ! home-made dulcimer. A few yards I farther on, a boy without any legs is thc i object of attention ; and next comes a : group thronging curiously round a four wheel cab. Nothing can be seen, but as the vehicle drives off towards the hospital and thu mob disperses, it is ¡ generally understood that " shu lins been I knocked about." Tho only question ! about which there serins to bu any un I certainty is as to whether she is nearly ; dead, or only very drunk. Nobody up ? pears to be greatly concerned, and the 1 peopb turn from this mild sensation to j listen for a moment to a eulogy on the everlasting qualities of new troupers at nine and sixpence a pair. A hundred people at least are clustered round the salesman, who decants hom se'y on the unrivalled qualities of his goods, and winds up by flinging a pair out into the crowd for closer inspection. A few yards further ou there is a waxwork show with some horrihlo pictorial repre- sentations of the recent murders, and all thc dreadful details are being blated out into the night, and women with children in their arms are pushing their way to the front with their pennies to see the ghastly objects within. Next door is a show, in which ghosts and devils and skeletons appear to be the chief attractions ; and near at hand is a flaring picture of a modern ! Hercules performing within. Then comes a gathering of sorne fifty or sixty people around a preacher, who is evi- dently desperately in earnest, but who somehow manages at every step to ruffle, up the feelings of his congregation. He is what cabby would call a harbitrary gent, and he comes it over his listeners just a little to strongly. " Never heard nobody go on like 'im in all my days," said a little dame on the fringe of the j crowd. " There ain't nobody right but 'im and he's al'ays the same, a pitchin' into everybody. I declare there ain't no chauce for none of us." Certainly the people round were sparring and fencing with him on all hands, and the controversy at one point ran so high that it looked as though the preacher would have to take off his coat and turn up his sleeves. Not fifty yards off was Mr. Cbarrington's great assembly room, where Mr. Henry Varley, who looked to be mounted on a bank of flowers reaching half-way up the fine organ, was quietly haranguing some hundreds of people, the whole place looking bright and attractive, and the audience very attentive. Out again into the great thoroughfare, back a little way past the roaring salesmen and the hideous waxwork, and round the corner. This opening here, where thc puMic-house, til« bar of which looks to he full of mothers with children in (heir arms, Mases at thc corner, leads down to Huck's How. Nobody about here M-I-IIIS at nil con- scious of tim recent tragedy, the only suggestion of which is a lull in the public-house window, offering, on be- half of au enterprising newspaper, a rc ward of a hundred pound* for tho con viution of tlu- criminal. A little way down out nf the public-bouse .»lan', ami Huck's Un« lnoks lo be a singularly desolate, out of-the-way region. Hui there is a piano oigan grindiiiü out the " Men ot Harlech :' over th - spot where the murdered woman was found ; women and ¡jirls are freely coming and going through the dailiness, ami the rattle of sewing innchines, ant the rush- ing of railway trains, ami thc noisy 1 horseplay nf a 'jang of buys, all si-em to lie eoin' ii ii'ï wi'li the (listín grimier to ' drown tcenll. ction amt to binish all un- pleasant reflection. " There seems to i lie little appii hension nf fm ' lier mischief ! hy this ii.s-:is-in at lame," wu, au nli-er , viition aihln^st <1 to a resp.-, table-looking 'elderly mau within a fe« janis of the house iu ll.iiiliury-stree.t, where the latest victim was found. "No; very ; little. People, most of 'em, think he's gone to Gatc>head,'' was the reply. 