CHAPTER XLI. A BOYAL master of fiction laid it down as au axiem that wheu everybody eau tell how a story will end, the story is euded. Hore, for the rounding of this history, there remand but t wo or throe tilings to tell. Mary and 1 returned to town to- gether that same day, and Clara nursed her for a day or two with great assiduity, for now the strain was over, she proved quite overwrought. She was soon herself again, however, and we fell into our own ways of lifo at home, with somo few differences. Pole had never once crossed my threshold since my marriage, and his reason for absence had been understood all atong. He came for the first tims about six weeks after Lady Worborough's f uu oral. He was serious at first, but he had always been a mau to whom affectation of any sort had been intolerable and hateful, and when in the course of our talk we happened to strike a comic fancy, lie had one of Iiis old bright aud charming smiles in readiness for it. His troubles had aged him, and, young as he was, there was a touch of grey about his hair. The attitude of his mind had grown habitually serious, but he was not at all the mau to cling to a departing shadow. * I don't kuow,' he said, 'whether I have acted properly in coming here so soon. I have been guided by you so often, that if you will allow me I will take your advice once more. Mary is still staying with you?' 'Still,' I answered, 'and will stay, until the only person who has a right to take her away shall come and do it. I have been looking for you for days past.' ' That sounds,' he said, 'like approval.' ' It ought to sound,' I answered him, ' like complete approval. The fact is that if you likwl to think so, your position for a time might be embarrassing and delicate. If you do not choose to trouble yourself at all about it, it may grow natural in a day.' Clara, who was of -course' aware of his presence ia the house, came in at this juncture to welcome him. She stayed but for a moment or two, and on retiring ' Tea will bc ready in five minutes. You will come and join ns John, and bring Lard Worborough with you.' This indicated clearly enough another opinion on our side, aud we followed Clara upstairs. Pole glanced about the room but Mary was not there. He lookci dis- appointed, and even a little nervous, but almost immediately she entered. They shook hands and we all sat down, Clara talking at first with rather a forced vivac- ity. She soon conquered this, however, and the ice once being broken, we got on without farther trouble. When wo had takeu tea, Clara moved into the adjoining room aud 6at down to the piano. I also sauntered through the foldiug-doors, and stood to listeu to her playing. It was by no moans as firm as usual, aud I was not loqg in discovering that she was crying softly lo herself. But I kuow that* her tears wove very far from being unhappy, and foined to take no notice. In about au hour Pole said his goodbyes and wont away. He came again, axd continued to come, not half as often as I should hare been glad to see him, or I supposa a twentieth part as often as he would really havo cared to call. I remember that whilst these visits were going on, and whilst indeed they were comparatively new, Clara aud Mary and I dined together with that genial old Dr. Fish, of whom I have once or twice fouud it necessary to make mention in tho course of ray story. 1 met at his table the lady ef tho poor dear Hottentots. It appeared that they had changed their allegiance, aud the poor dear Cypriotes were now in charge, after a fashio.i as mysterious as their predecessors. She hinted to me after, dinner that Lord Wor- borough's visits were just a little-now didn't I think so ? Were they quito ? Didu't I fancy, uow, that they were rather premature ? Did I think that they were absolutely and entirely?-:Well, she might say delicate? * Dear madang' I respouded, ' Lord Worborough and Miss Delamere suffered I horribly as the result qf a ivifkcd and ! shameful rclot. They behave^ throughout like persons of delicacy àud Honour, aud [ they are actiug sow like people of cotumou seuse. It was I who took upon myself to advise Lord Worborough, aud Ir's visits to my house are at my invitation.' Whether the general Mrs. Grundy had moro to say upon tho question I never loavned, aud certaiuly never took the trouble to inquire. This particular lady was moro abashed thau I meant lier to be. She audictod from lier proprietorship of the poor dear Cypriotes, for thc rest of that ovouiug, and wont away carly, with effusive ' my dcariugs* aud handshakings for Miss Delamere. When we had quite settled down to the new order of thiug-i, aud when that sor- rowful past had at last sunk from tho surface of our lives, we undo a very happy qua tat to. From my dignified height of a married man, I looko.l upon the two dearest friends I had in tho world with a profound satisfaction and thanks- giving. Clara, from our extra elevation of dignity as a married woman, surveyed them with a pleasure as genuine as my own. The ghastly dead post must have floated up sometimes in thair remembrance as itdid iu ours, but tho great equal stream of time went on and drowned it deeper, hour by hour aud day by day. The haunted mau, iu his bargaiu with the ghost, lost all Iiis memories of sorrow with the natural result we know of. It would be as sad to lose our memorias of trouble as to lose our memories of joy. But we may all thank God that joy grows brighter in the retrospection, and that sorrow fados. It was about this time that I received an unexpected visit in my offi ial room. Mr Delamere turned up there, as distin- guished, as well bred, as condescending, aud urbane as ever. ' My dear Denham/ he said, ' I have called upon you with regard to an affair of the utmost delicacy. I hate never been able to refrain from a certain feeling of contempt for those people who .tinko a lavish display of the emotions. I have, in fact, now in preparation for thc pres*, a lecture delivered some year i ago ou tho Control of the Emotions as a Sign of the Perfected Man.' I thought within myself that the con- trol of the emotious was no doubt au admirable thing, but that thc aspect of power in that direction might be less estimable where there wore un enio ious to control. But 1 held my te ndue, and Mr. Delamore streamed ou, calm, urbane, forgiving. ' I have uecer,' he pursued, ' closed tuy eyes to the fact that your charming wife and yourself havo of late considerably in flueuccd the career, the character, aud the resolutions of my child. I do not inquire whether her resolutions to divide her lite from mine were, or were not, arrived at as a result of that undoubted iuilueuce. I even applaud that fineness of sentiment, that high sense of honmr, in my daugh- ter, which led her to sacrifice the inst iucte and the cherished associations of a life- time. I presume that the instincts were inherited, and I cannot, and I do not, blame Mary for acting upon a sentiment which I have found only too considerably active in my own career. Sim has au erroneous conception of I he circumstances of the ease. But I authorise 3 011 to inform her-I should rather say, perhaps, that I beg yon to inform her, 1 hat I applaud her feeling, but that I consider thal she has by this time moro than sufhVieiitly justified her owu posit i m. . I come to you because I e.iuuot again endure to bj ou.iouiited with coldness by my daughti r. I appeal to yon as a mau <>f honour to pro eat my case as I have stated it. It is possible,' he added, with a touch of dignified p ithos which would have imposed upon me com- pletely in the early days of uiy acquaint- ance with him, * it U possible that my very whereabouts may ko unknown tq her. You will find it indicated herc' With this he produced a card, and laid it delicately up ni tho table, like an artist and a geutlomau. Ho tonk up his hat like au artist and a gentleman-he really had the most perfect aud finished manner I have eyer kuowu-aud rose to ga. I promised that I would do my best, and told him I was certaiu that Mary would be tho happier for a reconciliation. He thanked me, aud wont away. I took the message homo that eveniug and to ba brief, Mary consented very wil- lingly to call upon him, and next morning paid him a visit. As a result of this I wrote to him saying that she would con- tinue her residence with Clara, for some little time to come, aud asking him to visit her aud us as of ten as he pleased. I expressed my joy at the reconciliation, aud made myself a great deal ruqie agree- able on paper than I telt internally tor wards him. Sebas'ian had been upou our household list almost from the beginning, and it was like old times to hear him aud Delamere, when they met together, orating one auother with all their origiual solemnity. Sebastian had turned to architecture, and had a theory that the reformation of the world from the great doctrine of ugliness was more easjly to bo effected in that di- rection than auy oilier. ' Tho very streets of Loudon strangle and suffocate the wayfarer,' he Would say, i ' The dull, eternal, unbroken, straight Hue wearies the soul wirk its iafiuitn monoton; of répétition. The poisonous fallacy o utility has been the death of beauty.' _ I suspect that he wrote these thing down, and committed them to meinorj unless when they came freshly fron the paternal pump spout and he repourei them. ' I speak of tho fallacy of utility, and protest that I find uo exaggeration in th phrase. The inst essential in a thing i that it shall not be hideous. The seconi essential in given cases is that it shall b useful. Because you eau pack inori squares or oblonge than circles or oval ioto a given space we sit in tho soul f reez ing rooms of ours, among flat walls ant ceilings/ Pole was there, and asked him if lu wouldn't keep the Uoors level, if only as i concession. Not to speak it unkindly Sebastian bad grown more tóleraut ol Pole's form of humour since tho latte had come in for a great fortune and i peerage. I daresay that was true of many people, and I am not disposed to be seven ou Jones. He smiled allowingly, and proceeded with tho development of bis theory. .ltis very heartbreaking/ he said at last, ' but nobody appears to care much. 1 dined last night with a contractor. One neets such people now and then. He jeered at my contention in a way which I felt to be quite tasteless and almost per- sonally injurious. Ho pasitivoly told me that I need only exceed ray average al- lowance of wine at dinner, and "top np/' -that was the contractor's expresssion with a dose of Old Tom hot water in order to see the lines .of any street arranged ia as varied a pattern as I could desire. Of course, that closed the conversation. One can't talk with such people. They veil themselves in their own coarse contempt against the light of thoughts beyond their understanding But Sebastian was oven more enjoyable on one occasion when only Pole and I were present. It appeared that Dela- mere and he had clubbed together, and had resolved for the sake of society, to dine iu common when not otherwise engaged. * And do you know,' said Jones, ' I be- gin to suspect Delamere of being a trifle selfish in an almost unbelievable directiou. We have dined together, I should sup- pose, since this compact was entered upon, no fewer than a score of times. Now it happens that the man who caters for us at the Albany, though otherwise excellent, is possessed of but little re- source or variety with respect to desert. He has always served up a mere half dozen of a kind of niacaroou of which I am-one confesses to this kind of trifle with no shame-particularly fond. 1 ap- propriated them, of course, with Dels mere's express consent, on the first even- ing. They became, so to speak, my pro- perty, and I looked forward to them naturally as the close of my repast. Now last night, aud positively also the night before, Delamore deliberately, aad with obvious intention, appropriated them all/ Pole said that this was simply brutal, aud Sebastian thought the term too strong. Really, he thought it unwarrant- ably strong. Pole was sorry, but regret- ted that he could not modify it, and Se- bastian expressed his regret at having told the story. He valued Delamere aud bad no wish to give his friends a poor opinion of him. For his own part, he was contented to describe the act as un- expected idiosyncrasy. I delighted in all this, not merely ba cause it was charming within itself, but because it showed that Pole still had a laugh left in him, and because he had had a more relishing perception by nature of the fun than I had. Nothing was said of the one event which we all regarded as inevitable. Clara was full of wonder as to when the news was coming. It came out at length that Pole and Mary had decided between themselves to wait a year, and that they had resolved upon a very quiet wed- ding. To mo, the time seemed to pass swiftly, and I look back to it now, or at least to all but the earliest mon'hs of it, as the happiest of my life. Tii< re are few men who can beast of nine mouths so free from care, so tranquilly, uneventfully hopeful and content. To see the patient look of settled resignation fad« from Mary's face, and to see the dawn of posi- tive happiness in it, was, in itself, a joy which any man might envy. To see the same change in Pole, to watch the quiet hearty humour of the man growing more suple and more at home within him day by day, was another and an equal pleasure. 1 thought Pole the best fellow in the world.. Almost everybody has that opin- ion about somebody, but I am prepared to this hour to back my mau, and if anybody should prove so fortunate as to win against tue I shall never know it, and the winner will have a friend who is indeed worthy ol his best affection. I am getting very near thc end now, and bave little more to tell. But when I saib, revolving this old history in my mind A year ago, and determining to write it, I fixed upon a title for tho story, as it ha4 been ft UOTCI. I deqdîd to pall \t1 The Weaker Vessel;' and that, if ever it should see the light of publicity, is the name it ought to bear. The episode, the remembrance of which decided me upon that title, has still to be told. The title itself has passée into a sort of byword be tween my wife and me, and we have grown familiar with the name. It was only a week before the wedding when Clara the younger had been con- ducted, on a chill but sunshiny day, upon a walk by her nurse. This same Clara the younger lias filled but a little placo in these pages, though she was known to all hands aboard the family craf«. as com mauderess-iu-cliief. We were all stand- ing at tho drawing-room windows at home, chatting and looking out on the fine bright weather-Clara, Mary, Pole, myself, and Delamere. Clara, Delamere, and myself, were at oue window, Pole and Mary at the other. The tittle Clara was suddenly discerned in the street, toddling forward* with outstretched hands and somewhat uncertain footsteps, treating the ridges of frozen mud as if they were half her own height. She had evidently escaped for the moment from her nurse, who was scudding forward in a stooping posture, either to pick her up or to sus- tain her footsteps, when-a wildly driven hauBom came tearing round the corner, and dashed in between them. The child was absolutely touched by the wheel, and thrown forward. The nurse girl, recoil- ing with a shriek,, tripped and sat down upon the roadway. By a happy wonder neither child or nurse received a hurt worth mentioning, but for the moment my heart was in my mouth, and by the time that Pele and I had tom down-stairs together, got the hall door open, and dis- covered the pair to be undamaged, I was sick and faint. I carried the litte creature who was not at all alarmed by her tumble, into the drawing-room and there was Mary in an arm-chair in a state of perfect collapse. She had fainted clean away. There was a mighty hubbub for a moment, but we all calmed down, and in half an hour's time Mary herself, with a rather white face and tremulous manner, apologised for her weakness. She had imagined that both the girl and the child had been run over. Delamere was very gorgeous to behold and listen to as he expatiated upon this incident, and turning to Pole with his courtly and coudescending grace, ho said, ' You must have pity on the weaker vessel.' An hour later when Mary had quite recovered and Pole and I were aloue together, he delivered his mind of the thoughts which this utterance awoke in him. 'Jack, you heard Delamere speak just now about the weaker vessel.' I remarked that I had noticed the phrase, and that I had had some fancies about it. ' It set me thinking,' said Pole. ' The weaker vessel ! In all thiugs worth while to be strong in, much the stronger vessel, to my mind. How dares that hollow sham to condescend to a creature so infin- itely his superior P Did she stoop to touch money dishonourably borrowed ? And what did I do F Is it vanity to say to you who knows her as well almost as I do that she loves me ¥ Is it vanity to suppose that she felt the separation as bitterly as I did? I know she did, Jack. I know the shame of beiug public talk in such a business, made that sensitive heart bleed many and many a time. And whilst I was away in Paris, gambling and racket- ing, and hating my kind, and eating the husks that swine do eat, she was tending her sick and her poor, and strengthening her soul with holy thought and pious liv- ing. Jack, my lad, they're better than we are. They're purer and stronger, and more patient to endure.' He was not talkative for a long time after this outburst, but several times in the course of the afternoon I heard him muttering to himself, ' The Weaker Ves- sel !' in a tone of wrathful incredulity. In the old tales the hero and heroine always married and lived happily ever afterwards, and this strange episode in my own career shall end as so many other stories have ended-to the sound of wed- ding bells. Their happy riot has long since sunk into silence ; but I know that so far peace and honoured usefulness and deep content follow their music. The wedding was a very quite affair indeed, as it was long since arranged it should be. There were not more than half-a-dozen peeple present at it as spectators. Dela- mere gave away the bride, and Sebastian whs there in his character as friend of the family. Sebastian, by the way, brought the only strange lady present. He had so far relented from his theory of beauty and utility as to sacrifice himself at the shrine of a conspicuously plaiu and out- rageously doUared young woman from Oleoville, Pa. She was related to the Dodges there, and, as everybody knows, the Dodges are financially big fish even among the biggest. I was particularly pleased to get a visit from Mcllray, on the very morning of the wedding, as I was in the act of dress i iog for th© ceremony, j 8«w Win iu my dressing-room for an instant, and he was pleasantly excited by the news I had to gire him. ' Ah'ui glad,' said Mcllray, ' that the good lad is going to be happy. I'll tell ye ! Ef I may be permitted, I li just get away to the church, and have a look at the cere mony from the gallery.' He made his way thither, and when the wedding was over, and tho handshakings aud congratulations were ail over likewise, and tho wedded pair had driven away, I found him waiting at the church door for me. There was no wedding breakfast, for Pole had too activo a horror of the possibilities ot Delamore's eloquence on such au occasion to endure moro than the bare prospect of it. I know this to havo been the working factor ia hit mind, aud ia all seriousness I am not disposed to be surprised at his decision. I should have been glad to meet Mcll- ray at any time, for I had learned to have a genuine regard for him, But with Pole and M%ry gone I felt lonely aud a little dispirited, and he came doubty welcome. We sat and talked about the chase in Paris, and I told him something of what had happened since. Then the conversa- tion languished a little for a time, until his old unconscious watch-cry broke the silence. It sounded to me, in an odd way, as if there were a philosophy in it, as if it even reconciled discrepancies and ex- pressed a sort of wisdom of generality in little. ' Ay, ay, Denham,' said Mcllray. ' Ay, ay, lad Î Ay, ay !' THE END. 