i f.eicner. h j « ( j Keeping Up Appearances. j I There 'is no more reprehensible fault than that of keeping up deceptive appear ances, especially among young men who are commencing to battle with the world. That is just the time of life when, if they are dependent upon their own exertions, they will cither make or mar their future. We have in view several cases that may servo as a warning to others, in whose j interests we refer to them, assuring our readers that the personages have an actual existence ami that the events re lated have actually transpired. o > The first was a case of a youth who had been potted and pampered by an over-indulgent mother. He received the too common college education which re sulted in his having acquired no know ledge of any kind, save on the subject of dress. In this respect he thought he was j an adept. Without any knowlede of busi ness he nindc his start in life with a good j firm. Here he had every chance to make j a man of liimscll, to acquire useful and j valuable business habits and knowledge, | arnt to work his way up in the world. The j drawback to liis success consisted in his j great admiration for himself and for the j oneor more girls whom he condescended to j patronise. Dart of his ullleo hours would be occupied in corresponding with then:, and another part in obtaining the iiiucn j needed rest of which he deprived himself at night, for this youth was a man abous ; town, a habitue of leading hotels and a lounger at the bars. Of course such liabits could not conform to those re quired by a boy in business. Ho lived in a fashionable boarding house at the ex pense of his parents, so his little salaiy was his pocket money. But it can be readily imagined that ibis did not suffice for such a spark, and he was soon in the habit of borrowing from his fellow clerks. His want of sleep by night made liim stupid by day, and of course he, officially, proved a failure. His memory was like a sieve and lie was practically useless. Finally he associated with sports, and then the downfall was more rapid. ' He remained away from his office for a week or two without pernussiou, and as a natural sequence he remained away for ever. How what will become of this youth ? In his ease a good administration of the birch would be advantageous. His parents are also to blame lor permitting him to grew up in such a fashion that an impecunious youth will start out in life by apeing a man and a millionaire. ILis end is not difficult to foretell — dissipation, de bauchery and death. In the second case we refer to, the being has passed boyhood and should have acquired sense. If anything his case is the more hopeless of the two. Imagine a man on a fair salary, living aloae and with no family ties. Yet lie can hardly be called a man as men are considered. He is imbued with more of the elements of womanhood, finicky, namby-pamby, a sort of dancing jackass — this at least is how he is regarded by men who arc men. His" sole aim in life is to be a leader in ; society, the chef among the boil-ton. He has no male friends, but is ui ways to bo found in the boudoir or in the drawing- room. He is a first-nighter at .the theatres, a leader in the germ an, an usher at fashionable weddings, in fact a dude among. dudes. How can any man with a spark of mauly feeling pass such an ex istence? Ho association worthy of the name with his fellows, who rather shun i and sneer at liis ways, lie wraps himself I up in his self-conceit and the cvor-cxist- j ing consciousness of a too intense admira tion on the part of the fair sex for his beauteous figure ami shape, his moustache, the touch of his hand, and his elegance in dance. 0'n, horrors ! How such an ex istence is to be shunned. U'e can im agine this being as the recipient of choice bouquets and scented notes, a spotless moi- tal too good fortliis sphere and who should soar to higher realms seated near the throne of God. Vi'hat his business habits and recommendations can be, it is diffi cult to imagine. The wear and tear oi late hours and dissipation must toll 111 time. The necessary expenses in connec tion with intimate association among lean ing society must amount to a large share o fj'a moderate income, and leave but little for the necessaries of life. A careful em ployer would do well to keep a w atchf ui eye upon such a one, and examine his ac- j counts with pertinacious regularity. 1| or j ourselves we would not keep him 1ne minutes, for the association of swell doiu must needs be costly, and no man of moderate means has the right to mingle with the rich. He cannot afford to do as they do, and is but a base imitation of the richer metal, and a veritable snob. A searcher after truth wants to knew " why it is. with so many negroes dying, nobody ever sees a black ghost?" He : " My darling, I really believe my rlieunia- iism'lias wholly disappeared." She : " Then I s'poso we shall never know when the weather is going to "b eige? ' Ax Irishman hearing of a Mend who had a eionc coiiin made for himself, said, " Faith, that's good. Sure an' a stono colli u 'uu la-it a man a lifeume." Footb, on his re-turn from a visit to Ireland, was asked if he lied seen Cork. "No, he re plied ; " but when I was m Dublin I saw a great; many drawings of it." He : " But ain't you afraid your patents will ue angry if we get married V ' Sue: "No, they won't care, M'liy, they are married, too." " Sure, I'mjheirltojan immense estate under my father's will. 'When be ordered my eldest brother to divide the house with me. by St. Patrick, he did it ' — for he tufc the inside linnself and gave mo the outside." Her Cousix : " I must say, Emma, that you've grown quite handsome. There, now, can't you j give me a compliment in return j lfis Cousix : " Well, I should say that you are i a gentleman of excellent taste." j At the theatre. Miss Barlowe (who is some- j i what short-sighted) : " Oh, mamma', look at that i beautiful whilo bonnet in the front row, centre j aisle." | Mamma : " Sh-li, child. That is old Mr. Wai- i son's bald head." — I Young Mr. 3r.--.sv (to his pretty cousin): "I | say, Maud, how die my song ' Home Again from a j j Foreign Shore.' seem to impress iSn: company?" I Pretty Cousin : ' Well, some of them, Charley, j j looked as if iht-y v. en: sorry that wo ever came j I b:lek-" j A lady graduate, being out in the country, ! went into the stable of a farmhouse. "Dear me, how close the poor cows are I crowded together," she remarked. I " Y'-s. mum, but we have to do that." I "Why so?" j " So they will give condensed milk." I Brown : " I say, Dnicley, Robinson has threat ened that the first time he' meets you ho proposes I to knock some horse-sense into you. You want I to look out for him." j liuMi.KY (i;o:iter.ipluou>.h''. : " iV,o!i ! It would j take a dozen moil like Kohinson to knock any i h'Tsoieiire into me." 