The Brave Fireman. Ho3eewa3id past tlic fire-escape, I mark its tall fantastic shape. As it leans against the sky ; The fireman stands by his quaint machine "With folded arms, and an easy mien, As if to say, *' There's none to be seen More free from care than I." Does his wife, methinks, as careless seem; Or does she lie in her bed and dream Of the shouts, and cries, and rat tie I When the engines thunder along. ami a glare For her husband in midst 01 battle 1 Weaving such thoughts, I go to bed; But I cannot rest, for my whirling head Keeps harping on conflagration ; I sec a mighty city oh fire ;* And as the ilamcs mount higher and higher, I hear the thrill of the deep sea wire Fraught with the grief of a nation. I wake—Did t dream ! I cannot stay L'o consider, for yonder, over the way, Is a house all smoking and burning; And dismni figures, drapeu in wbitc. At the upper windows, like ghosts of the night, Are shrieking shrilly in dire atfrighi Of tho bourne whence there's no returning What a dreadful shock to awaken thus !— To bed all wearied out with the fuss Of a city shopkeeper's day; Dreaming, maybe, after scanty prayers, Of worldly caius, and of worldly cares. And then to waken, and find the stairs In a blaze, and melting away 1 Useless, like me, the crowd below, Swaying and surging to and fro, Docs litt le but shout and gape ; A mere unorganised nibble rout. Useless, but lull ol' heart, no doubt, For hark ! what a peal of joy l ings out, *• Hurrah for the fire escape i " My fireman comes with his quaint machine, A burning house is a nightly .scene To him, so he's not perplexed; lie climb- for the bees of this smoking hive, He clutches them— one, two, three, four, five ! lie has saved all these unhurt and /dive! Aud now ho mounts for the next. .Horror t an envious tongue of fire Darts', like a snake, through the netted wire; • The canvas is all adiunc! Ho falls I he falls I is there none to save 1 ' All I cruel, to think that one so brave, Who snatched five souls from a flciy grave, Should perish by the same I Not really cruel. If Providence, In place of our dull earthly sense, 3Iore godlike eyes had given, Like Jacob's ladder, years ago, Perchance that fire-escape would glow With angels passing to and fro To uoint the way to Heaven. * In allusion to the Great Fire of Chicago October 8,1871. 