PARIS LETTER. (From Our Correspondent.) Paris. June 9. France will exercise uo reprisals against Germany fur closing the Alsatian frontier to French subjects. Perhaps it is bettor to render a kiss for a blow. This proves that France is not at all anxious to pick a quarrel that might bring on the cataclys mic war between the two peoples, so much dreaded by both.' There are 30,000 Ger mans livibg in and by Paris, and one-third of the foreign, indigents relieved in the city are j&errihhs.;" " Bismarck . replies send them all back to jthe place from whence they came." "Of the total number j of foreign pobr-i-7,000 relieved in the j capitals-there are 71 English and Aiheri- j cans. The " latter are chiefly persons who li&ve; come to Paris with a cargo of notions to" sell, but meeting with no purchasers drift into the depths pf misery and will not go homo, Thq, English poor are chiefly the ^widows apdlarge families -of the jockey world, Whose bread ." losers" have _ __ ___ ___ ____ .... _ _ or ^ahisin^pfiyate relief tO; keep .such poor •■in Paris ou'giit to ship. tHeT., sufferers back to their native iahc|3 at the expeuae of their'Governments. The racing for the . Grand Steeple at Autenii was a very brilliant affair, the last horse, in the estimation of the prophets and the dealers in the straight tips busi ness, proving to be the first. Such was the case with Parasang. The crack horses displayed as great a dread at the water jump as if tbey suffered from hydro phobia; Perhaps the terrible beat may explain why some others preferred to roll on the ground with their jocks rather than face the ha! ha 1 hedge. Everything ap peared to be of an outside character. The winner was an outsider, and the grand stand visitors were nearly being, included in the outsider class also, as by the: complicated arrangements for vehicles, a terrible round bad to be made before arriving at the entrance door. Even President Garnet and the Ministers had to reach their seats by the drag and omnibus entry. It was M. Carnot's first appearance on any race course, his connec tion with the horsey world is limited to rocking horses for the nursery. I remem ber some years ago his placing his boys on wooden horseback in the merry-go round, while the organ ground the " Nan tene SaDDers." The .Grand Steeple la far the fashionable world a kind of rehearsal for the Grand Prix—which ever comes off the Suuday ; following. The ladies did make amends i for the long and dreary winter which de ] prived them of spring wardrobe glories. < They have taken it oat of fathers, and j.husbands1 purses by treating themselves to a doable summer supply. What a triumph for milliners and dress . makers. The dominant dress material was foulard with ! small designs, sprigs or spots. Colors, | slate grey and rose, sea green and violet. J The Queen of Naples, who is sister of the Empress of Austria, was the plainest dressed of-, all the big folks ; while the others hardly touched the strawberries . and ices handed to them for fear of de stroying toilettes, her ex-Majesty dis played no such fastidiousness. It is to be ;feared that the victory of Parasang will add still ■ more, to' the demonstration .of young citizens, who never put dowp more than five fraucs on^ahorse. The who did sopn^^^ng!TOJrpj366§f. Being*allies naturally the French were the favorite "guests at the opening of the . railway ;to Samarcatid. Our " special" had a conversation with a Muscovite on the expected war, who Admitted;, in that ' event France could gain something beyond . doubt, but that on the other haud she j"mighfc lose everything. Being very rich ! and populated she could not hold out long, j Unlike Russia which could lay waste her I territory on the approach of the enemy, France could do no such thing, it would be her ruin, while Russia.could, hold put ' for three years by the.desolation tactics. "The Popes of Russia' recall a class ; of de-, | yout old women, or beings of no sex. The • special hopes that the distant for allowing the French, clergy to marry, aiid' if the latter ever took a wife, he recommends ; them before doing so to cast a glance at the Russian popes. The captain of a Volga steamer explained why all the wines' served on board had French well-known names, but with a Russian termination. French commercial travellers came to the Crimea and purchased the vintages, after blending these at Bordeaux, they were re-shipped to Russia as French wines. The-Russians now blend for themselves, but pay the compliment to the French of retaining only the name. Some of the Caucasians on board, when they want to light their cigar, will, if you, or the Em peror even were enjoying a whiff, take your cigarette, light their cigar, hand back yours and depart without saying a word. To grumble at that free-and-easy manner might secure you a stab in the back. Th ft railwrav ftnufinoorfl in P ncoic green coat collars having embroidered thereon, a pickaxe and a spade crossed. General Annenkoff, vrho constructed the wonderful railway to Samarcaud and in tends to connect it with Herat had the official world against him. But the Em perdr was his fast friend. The non-com missioned Russian officers, if a traveller speaks English or Herman, will spit on the ground to show his contempt, and will remain silent; if ho knows the voyager is a Frenchman he will show his delight at once, even to accepting a drink, perhaps also to borrow money. In the early part of the century the troubles at St. Domingo and. Cuba hid' throwtra- Vast number of French lads' oil New York streets. The French Embas sador, Coihte-de Neuville, did his_ best to aid the boys. Oue, who was specially intelligent, he "sent to "Franca to! study medicine. This was Dr.-.' Ricord, ;torday in his 88tli year,/ Ricord "has -quite a palace in the rue"do Tourriou. , Time rolled on, and oneday Cointe de Neuville called to see Kicord. " What splendors,i -what magnificence !" observed the Count. "How have - you "effected 'that 1"; "It was youwho erected all," replied Ricord. "After M. de Lesseps Ricord. ia thpmost, decorated/ffiEh. ih.Franpe. .,When jQueen . Yictoria: visited parts' the, patioiial'; guard Jined theistfeets..'/EYfio is. that, ge"nerab iaR tftje;^.jand borders bh? his ibrekst'?" the Queen of.Napoleon ILL ihrtrt^' general .replied, the Em peror, ' laughing!'■ !"ELeis, Dr,. Ricord, commander. of the' National Guards" ; - ; Raisingthe wind : there are, not lessthan -fiftSeli- 'fdrtnhe tellers whoadVartiso daily in the'"Widest circulation- Jul .the wqrld" journal, and which"costs tb'ein for a; single line":6fr.-^-Th«»e"-46f -sbine busiuess thus brisk in France.. ' ; But here" is a proof of hard...times. ..-A dentist is willing to supply artificial; teeth, to be top a I'd in nvoutlily instalments ; or he will-take, which is drbll, "second hand teeth in exchange for payment." At St. Cloud, when the Municipal band plays 011 Sunday mornings hefore the mayoralty, the joy bells of the church close by eminence to peal. Of course the h 'rmony in the street has to stop. At Saint Lo, a boy, aged 8 years, was found lying 011 the edge of a field in a pool of blood and throat cut from ear to ear. Oue of his compinions, aged 14, was suspected. He at last avowed that the deceased contiuued to steal birds' nests when told not to do so, and so lie plunged a knife into his throat. Paris, June 16. The making of corpses was ever the chief accessory of the pride, pomp and circumstances of glorious war. At pre sent corpses serve as a caw material for testing the efficacy. of modern arms. France has tied a score of dead bodies, Saint-Sebastian like, against as many posts, and then riddled them with the newLebel rifle bullet, as propelled by a latter day explosive. The anti- vivisectionists can not discover cruelty in turning, certified dead men into targets and bull's ,eyes. When a patriot gives ids life fatiiie Co'un-" try he can, with less self- sacrificed be-\ queath his remains. Several eminent men have beq ueathedthl eir bodies iojscienCe. Gambetta, by a duly notarial act,,left his ! braia to the Biological Sckiety.'"Thereij£ nothing base in such use'as JBVance has just made of twenty ex-ihembers Of the sovereign people. Were;, their.jdust em-1.. 3 ployed to plug1 a buhg-jiqlfe^ tSS ShhkeB^ peare supposed Alexander's blight"liWvfe3 j been so.used, or Tike rmphrihl CSesar's to atop a hole to keep the wind a#ay,_ public, opinion- would1 eertkihly-*bh^e protested. •As -it is, ■ those'-fated--to -sthp perhaps"a Lebelbali drib "of7' those days, say .When the IOOjOOO Frenchmati shall 'be landed iu the "South of -Ehglandj must feel thai the, subject is one ""that conies Tiome' to their, bosoms' if not -to-theirffihsioess. ; General: Failly-7 in- 1§6T reported that" the Ghassepot rifles "did"wonders" on'the Garibaldians at7 Metftanh.1 -' The lbebef bullet did -more than '- wonders ort. the - 20 corpses that the Academy of Medicine, - under Dr. Delorme, employed to be potted at within a series -of ranges varying from 220"to 2,200 yards. He examined "the >' wounds" inflicted " the hole made by the bullet was very wnall^ Very dangerousand very difficult to "heal." The ball-when fired at a short rauge ^ produced its worst effects. If it hits one of our marrow bones direetlv it will bass through- iF it ntrib-a tangentially the .hone will crack1—splinter like a pahe cf 'glass -after a bullet has passed through. Th» TJebel ball also pushes before it, -and into the wound itSelf a few bubbles of air.' The. rifle, makes relatively little noise on being fired, and consumes its own smoke like a loyally worked factory chimney.- Natives of Germany and Tonquin, if ever destined to do corpse duty, can at all events see the coming danger. Better to- be killed full light than in a smoke cloud. The rifie has no sights : among its other advan- : tages it is guaranteed - to 'shoot' straight. What next, and next ? Fold up thqmaps of Europe, as Pitt' would say. Can nothing be done to securg. soldiers with ironsides— Cromwell 'had Something like that one thing needful—as! weR as iron constitutions 1 A hew prli-h&8Jbden-' brought out in France claim in|f £o ha*e iroa clad virtues.' The Academy ofMedi- . acine mightS experiment wftti it. Angela Matta, the Italian' savant who has. just. died, had, like his predecessor, Seg^to, a secret for metallizing the humah body, not by petrification,-but by electrotyping process, just as spoon, forks and soup* ladles are subjected. to. .Segato ■ was bi-metallist, Matta 'was 'an euthbsiasiic. monometallism who hoped, Had life been spared to him and- promoters forthcoming to launch his project, Certainly .to Sbe able, to clothe soldiers with ~the:'gaJyac<>phU'bic'* armor, .that wonUJiqg,,them like ajtlesifiS shirt, *and-secute"t1ieir/.being clad; in plete "steel lik'es /fhe" Ghost in" ["Hamlet.-. But he lias taken:his secret'-'-w'itli, him to the -gra^e.; ■ -iMaraihir's -bt^y waa'mbtallixed^ and.has had as.ltnaujK^ips aud ,do«m3 ,a^ i Eonisetti's^skitll-j -iwhicb vdid duty; as ; in a grocer's shop. Alas,' poor Yorrick !' - ' . There will .soon be as many ; nu-lin • ites as original. Farina eaux de ^Cologne.. M. Turpin says he is the inventor of the real-Melinite, and which has cost him teu years of study and experiment, tie lives at Colbmbes, -.outside Paris, on a little es-; tate, whtre he practises daily all kinds of " blowings up" The people regard him, as the. most peaceful of neighbors, and he " is, like Pasteur, a life member of. .the So ciety fbY~thh"Pr6te<ft'iq'te-6f ^mih^s. His fellow, cptihtfyci'eh accuse hinirqr treason; for having seld -hifcsecrei; to the Armstrong. Company, the 'English "Erujip:1'' [furpiu replies that since; 1885 beou 'din-' ploring the French, authorities to pur chase his discovery ; that they Jiurned; the adder's ear to him, and that, it was only after legally serving a notice on ;all the Ministers and authorities^ President Car not iiicltided; of hisdntentioii' to sell bis " ite" to the more intelligent foreigner if they did not purchase - it within a fixed date, that he . negotiated with . Armstrong aud Co. He added that he... had as good a right to sell his new explosive as Col. Bange his new cannon or Firming his new bomb shell to other governments and reap the commercial advantages of his inven-. tion. The War Office told him he was free to '* raise cabbages and radishes" if he pleased with his melinite. He intends - if further annoyed to publish all his cor respondence with the Government. It. is the old story : a prophet has no honor in his own country. 'M. Turpin states the German explosive " helloffite" is composed from an old, but now superseded dis covery, also by him. England theu pos,-, sesses the real Pandemoniiimite. Why not test its wonders with a corpse-target down among the dead men ? The '■ Revision of the Constitution" is interred till the 25th of next October by the deputies. The republicans since .1884. have again and Again unanimously asserted that it was an imperative and Urgent duty" to proceed with .^ther revision. ' The .late Cabinejk Tirard was kicked out for timidly suggesting its postponement. " Nbw^tfe weathercock lias swung round to... the"1 op'-i • posite pole. They air adore the''revision; 1 but on condition that th&~matter be never more mentioned;1 That -fidelity breeds-" broad 'grins. It remains to -be seen if the by-elect-ions-wiH back theBoulanger can didates. and so pretest against, the Par liament and the fusion of the radicals-with - -the Opportunists. Jules Ferry is; again-' becoming the " ferect card", in the Chain--' her at-feast; Ontshie Lhe fc?ad'e politician and the-'journals the 'peo|>l6:-seieriv '»pa-* the tic towards -all isoristifcutioria-eave-their jowhy which '.8iadldT.hHsiUeas^:'.smail:profits without-the qujckjrejurr^' afed<dimiii$alfed^ work seriously effect. Happy the patindf51: diiys.. '<severe5 ib thfe'^wigglb'fdr' life becom ing With ;tha iFfenelP t^3£tth&r;<>ua: hr-5 tizans^who_fabricate^knick-knacks in their own homeB nowJ.selkthese-articles; them selves in -the; suburbs, and even; in the provinces. . They, have -beconie pedlars and cheap .jacks—not a fair, "not a' vil-' lage fete, not an agricultural show.urany local gatfaeaing, but they-'will'-be there, aided, by lads or men out-of work' dres sed in the most imt-lundish of eye-striking ;Gostames, vociferating the wares or thrust ing handbills into your coat pocket, or droppiug them on your hat. Impossible for the citizen who seeks during three months of summer a pastoral home with the song of birds in the morning and only the watch dog's honest bark at night, to secure that ideal. Paris noises seem to follow liim and the Paris gamin to tread on his heels. The tranquility of rural life is at an end ; the country is but a pro longation, an Appian way of the capital with all its chariatauism, its blague and its cries. Alcestes will have no where to re pose. Expect the Pyramids of Egypt to be farmed out for hoarding advertise me n^ and the Sahara to be the future site fo Kiosques and fancy bazaars. The running for this year's Grand Prix had everything in>fayor»qf the fete. The day was magnificent in point of tempera ture, a torrid, sun screened off by zephyrs from the direciion pf tbelJorth Pole. The ladies were thus able . to, risk the 'most vapoury toilettes and score success. There was next to no dP-Ubthbout. the .winning horse. The tsrowd pf ^spectators equalled that of a similar" event junder tbe Second Empire, when ; His Majesty smoked a cigarette, twirjed hia moustache, and grin ned a welcome td.cosmopolitan' visitors. And' Pre^idept's^rnqi; involuntarily ap plauded when, the Prericb horaewon the blue ribboo." ^erd' "wbre/SOIpbD persons who paid fot^missiohpitherip the field, tbe firetj S^pnd aud stands, or "fo thel paddock. . .There 'were as many outsidens.in. the '.wopds^p'r lolling on the. thaife those .who' had paid.'' The^rpeeipts at the wickets aihouhied to 'S40y(S)ttfri^ The bot tiugi.or gambling ,being„now..'dfflcial, the amounfc ofj business ,dbhe the racecourse was nearly twb' million1 francs"in the tbree totalifcers,"^ 'Or booths.' forregisterini^ sukes^3yt0 and 20fr. reach for ticket* This Babbage ..arrangement for working: ,ttip(jth.ecd^:4^rt|^pi]Rnni^|^t very-exciting: on Sunday, laat, as the yast.majority put. their money ,<fow,i£ ou the' favorite, and so. there" being V'reTatively few hiSers there was but little to 'divide 'hd/th'e' winding 'up> of the'investment. "j,Thns ^ you-took'at 20fe ticket, you received. 22fr. as- pool dwidehd jsthat - fei -you won 2fr.., or J0» per pent, for half-an-hour's investment of .your capita^, pica the chance of losing, the? latter. When much money changes: hands ak the' racecourse' th-e '"-isprees'*' indulged ini during the eveningu are J»umeroua and) extravagant. On the . present' occasion they-were dess. l&e-difitereiwe-; between the Derby aud> t%e Grand Prix is welt marked., At,-the former the- fun on the road Is' wholly fuh- j .afc. the- Grand Prix it is all poser and) where thte-' male sex seen# to- have only one aim-—td drive fo cab, trap, coach, or- mark£t?-c*r£.-dike lunatics te astonish tbo -hativaav i» -the Champs Elysdes seated in -hired-iron chairs to view the" multitude- gratuitously executing this circus whirling. - The.; ladies are excused for imitating Solomoh, and arraying them selves fo all theirglory. ' Madame Chrnot, whoreally dresses-'weHy'jdid- not like to» appear fo heirdeep --mtfornwifg, ho she wore a 'pretty '-failJe toilethof black and white stripes,-h' toque hat - with-a diadeBi In jefc mixed-with white . daisies. ,aa trimming. Green foulard and . bquque^&.^pf white roses constituted dominant "materials 4n dress cifbles. yTbeie "were afeo- a great ^jhany'* whrte-dresses- and1 other toilettes were in bright cuWs/1 The ftrnksmn am bassadress, wore-a grey pearl robe, Mad ame Eloqaet was inmauvef Madame G>is map Blanco,-.also ja Jw«sida>«te, wore a jcrearo.cplored .toilette . tpim>»ed with Ghantiliy., ; The u craejk" toilette was one in satin and violet surah. After giving the list of the virt»oiJs! ladies, anne salon joUPiials-duly record the-stars ofthe demi monde. The. Grand -Prix- was ,T»n in £1£ minutes over a distance ©f 3,3Q0' yards. As,.all; relating .to . Stnjirfc, .i|ie winning horse, is interesting. _£a^porting.life paper informs as),.he was' squanied hr honor of the unfortunate Mary,'* daughter of James f i;., who died'aiSt. Germain." -!-Each'year-the 'Prtiicdsae-de'Sigan-gives a monster fete to tbevccu'at 'of Parisian society- oil;.the-,,eve gfidthe^rand Prix. -Thi? tiuie. it w as, more. tjiay .eXU-aord i nary. Her., re:siflenjcd, or -palace is .the largest private mansion in Paris, it has a park for a'garden and. adjoins' the' grounds of .the exhibition. .'The fete commenced with Ja diii«iOT party-of sixty guests, the .dinner was served under a tent in the- garden, the, ladies worefuU. bodieddresses and -eapate hat. Each guest .was served by .a special foptman. The Princrsse herself wore adiouis XV. demi-decollete robe i» embroidered jsilk, color, old rose, with garlands hf-swan f&thers.;"" At nine o'clock the tent and its interior fittings, were re rmo vied,land*tlien commenced a "garden -party^'^whioh did- notbreaknp till four in -the . morning. ; .There,was .dancing in the -> saloons, on. the green, in, the. halls and on 1 the vas^landings of the marble stair-cases. 'Electricity; Was'iLe. oillylight, save from the ladies'-ejres-'31 Only Iionis XIV. could surpass the festival.; : 'flic- family plate, bought out-for the-supper tables, was Valued at four million-^francs. After the cotillon, the Princesse de Sagaa, armed with an immense piu-cushiou in white satan, .and filled, with.gflld pins with real oriental pearl heads, -presented the gentle men and ladies withoue, .then succeeded "a distribution of real "Birds of Paradise in gilt wicker cages "and then other costly souvenirs. At last a carriage was an nounced, and in drove Flora in her chariot filled' with bouquets of roses and charming orchids, which the. goddess distributed to the young folks with a cornucopia gener osity. There is -one side of the- race that is quite forgotten. -The prtvate vehicles as well as public cabs, etc., Are Tanged like a border"round' the Outside' alleys of the race course. -It is the? animal meet for couch men and drivers; they are All free for four boors,"so they repair to a tavern to have-a banquet or arrange to picnic on the grass, y A' few tsabs are iitold off that con.v.ey * drivers - to' the - rendezvous and back. Tt is their, only professional outing ' in tho.year, ' ... -i " if.' Bitierwahts. 550 million francs to cx'ecaitefiisjmwb 'i^ilBd^pTOject, that of a)ipplyH»5iE^ri?ia\is^Ttb',^&e;'vf;ater. He inSwitzer iauv», ouu vy" .^j/r^^OOO^faibfc yards of wafbr n33ilV H8_nie capitai^ ^Thfe would imply canma^ 'cSrer^ ^ ;cEstainca of 235 faneS1,7 hnd'ft'tnhoeF' 'through the Jura ThcGSetmn'iie Fef<Iu Nord has con brfaihirhS of iSefaishjoiiff ia^a^ihe beating oE^hje ^rpfetaW the1 railway.^ carriages by ^bni^ery.9' jn^ afarted a com it ajso efeipftT ^oS^h^ ^bere^pJisher and ■client lai^^fail to "*atj 'hnihb. ^V^?0 client 'atfent at?:f?Kv^ml;1^jfite' tfaxuWiiihiy while hiiT^'^eH^'o|>CTat'ed\Wp^»h t'he puts a rircjiftV 'iitu'thB, iWtoBSfic.'iSbhbco' seller. S.&¥e<SWW^Ttf^ with a newspaper wr¥^d,;;Free.:;of charge. Ah arbofiuii!fits Jbatfis brushed.5 Every year,F.rance cdr\defahis 125,000 to 130,009' persons' to piieou, involving a fatal" expenditure of _ 32 million francs. One ; half of" the condemned have hardly been Ub'efated «he i they commit crime's-to bore- admitted. The recidivists numbered 98,000 in 1886, the latest sta tistics 'being 1,500 more than in 1885. Iu the case of robberies the courts'allowed " extenuating circmii'stahces" to 88 out of every 100 convicted thieves. . A. grocer, during a'qu arret, struck his wife and kiiled her. Frightened, at the act he fled. He was found in an empty sugar hogshead, dead from the operation of the happy dispatch. Germany has 1,284,703 tons of mer chant shipping, steam and sail; France, 933,29 L tons ; Italy, 945,877 ; The United States, 3,019,256 ; and the United King do ii, 7,361,816, more than all the rest to gether, their total being 6,243,327. 