ACTA POPTJLI. ? ^ ? By THE FLANEUB. WoinaH.lika princaa, find fow real friends. ? 'LYTTIiETON. It has been truly said that once a man com mences to go down hill everything seems to have been specially greased for that particular occa sion. And if any proof of this were wanting to day, it could be found in the case of our unfortu nate Premier Parkes. Broken promises would Seem to be the chief charges brought against him iiow ; though, by the way, he never was ostenta tiously fond of keeping his word, and surly Thersites hit his character off well when, speak ing of Diomed, he said, ' A false-hearted rogue ; I will no more trust him when he J .leers, than I will a serpent when ho hisses .- he will spend his mouth, and promise, like Brabler the hound ; but when he performs, astronomers .foretell it.' Day after day some fresh pieco of political perjury on the Premier's part ia brought to light, and in dealing out his deceit the ?wily old Premier would seem to have treated both friends and foes with a strict impar tiality T/orthy of a better cause. Like the ghosto that struck terror into the crook-backed Eichard's ?guilty soul on Bosworth's field, Sir Henry's vic tims pass before him now, and lift hio un barbered locks straight up with fright pb they Sternly recall his brokan pledges and prophesy the vengeance that is about to fall -upon him. *f Let me sit hoavy on thy soul !' cries the spirit t-£ Jawbone Neild, ' and remember the thanks you gave we for the nine houro' speech I made in order to save thy political bacon !' ' Think upon Goodchap and the railway vote/' murmurs a second gho3t, ' and lot thy soul despair of ever holding office again.' ' Think upon me,' exclaims the 'Free-trade shade, ' and upon those locomotive building contracts, and then, despair ing, die/' ' The first was I that help'd thoe to power,' hisses McMillan's ghost, 'and the first I'll be to boost thee out again. Think of Calico Jimmy, drop thy portfolio, and ' rat' over to the Opposition ranks once more.' Then a whole graveyard of phantoms, with flaming eyes and beery breath, and who hold electoral rolls under their arms, rush along and shriek ' Down with Parkes !' ' Eemember the man who fooled us all.' And then the guilty Premier starts up and ?wildly yells for a horse, or a goat, or a donkey, or anything else that will bear him away to some back-slum borough by which he may once more sneak into power, as he did through the shelter ing sink of Whereat. In the midst; of all this turmoil Sir Henry should, with gratitude, remember that there is one broken pledge with which he has never yet been upraided. Speaking at St. Leonards last October, this very promising old ' deloodhur ' de clared, 'I do not hesitate to say that one cf the first reforms I will ask Parliament to sanction will be to give the elective franchise to the women of this country, and the privilege of entering the House.' Afew days after this I took the liberty of pointing out that there wore quite enough old women in the House already, and somo one would appear to have conveyed the gentle hint to Sir Honry, for from that day to this he has never once opened his capacious mouth upon the subject. It is always the unexpected that turns up where women aro concerned, however, and true to their eccentricity not a single matron or maid has yet come to the front and denounced the Premier for his per jury. Considering the great otress laid on this subject by Sir Honry, the gallant O'Connor Dan, and a few other women worshippers -it the time, one would naturally imagino that the box's bump of self-esteem would have been so tickled that they would have worried themselves bald-bonded in their wild dosire to make the Premier stick to his promise, and confer upon them the glorious privileges of being able to pone before the admir ing gaze o£ Mv. Speaker, of slangwhauging a M'Elhone, of wheedling an amorous Henson or a pious Clarke, and of running up a .£35 grog bill which they never intended to settle. Not a word has ever escaped lovoly woman's ruby lips on this score, hxmavcr, and our female relatives seem, to take no inoro interest in the matter than they would in the shape of last year's Sunday bonnet. But it waa ever thus with the fickle sex. A cer tain American town once boaated of a female sheriff. Upon one occasion she arrested a man for burglary, and he, in his trusting, man-liko innocence, ? hoping to flatter her so as to allow him to esca.pe, told her she was the handsomest woman he ever saw, and could give points to Minerva for wisdom, and to the Paphian Queen for beauty. Do you think she allowed him to slide off after that ? Not a bit of it. She wouldn't let that man out of her sight for a second, but kept him repeating his compliments all day long, and before he had tune to realize the awful fact he waa married to her, and then he wished that he had either been hanged, or had taken the law into his own hands and blown out his brains with a bow and arrow. In like manner it is quite probable that had Premier Parkes emphatically declared that he would never sIIoy? the franchise to be extended to the ladies the whole sex would have risen as one woman, howled him out of power, and then strung him up to a sour apple-tree with a rope made out of corset-strings and garters. Sir Henry would do well to let the ladies alone, for they have toppled over far more powerful potentates than he is, or ever will be. By a majority of two votes only, the Legislative Council haa protested against the Imperial re fusal to assent to Jawbone Neild's inspired Divorce Extension Bill. This is terribly significant, for we all know that women, old women especially, have considerable influence over the votes of the Legis lative Council, and it would therefore appear that not only are the ladies indifferent as to whether the blessings of the franchise are forced j upon them or not, but they actually do not seem to be very mad about securing1 the priceless boon of a divorce bill either. One of the chief objec tions raised against the Bill was that it would establish an undesirable sort of Free-trade in the marriage line, and induce persons to flock down here from all parts of the world for the sole pur pose oi being unhitched. Offices for facilitating the buesiness would be i'ound in overy street ; clergyman, with, slim consciences, would be found in readiness at all hours to do the unbuckling business, and leather-lunged touts would stand outside and invite passers-by to 'walk straight in and have your divorce granted while you wait 5 witnesses kept on the promises, every satisfaction given, and all for the small charge of halfa suverinV Strange to say several lawyers actually ' took a shingle off their own roofs' by voting against the Bill on this ground, but I don't see that the little amendment which was passed reflects very much credit on the collective wisdom of the colony for all that. This amendment provides that a domiciled person is eligible for divorce. And a domiciled person shall be one who has resided for a specified time in this colony, although the legal domicile of such person be elsewhere, and ' provided that such person shall not have resided in this colony for that purpose only.' How on earth the authorities -will be enabled to discover what purpose a person really has in. residing here is a matter which, I think, would confuse the head of a nail-keg-, or even the knowledge- box of an Australian senator, and I wouldn't envy the luck of the man whose duty it was to interview a strong-minded and able bodied woman, and cross- examine her very closely on the subject either. By the time she had done expostulating on his head with the family poker, and he was hauled off for repairs, he would be quit8 agreeable to resign not only his billet, but his share in Paradise as well, rather than ever again undertake such a suicidal job. Another little difficulty connected with this peculiar amendment comes in with the term ' legal domicile.' As Sir Boyle Eoche truly remarked, no one can bo in two places at once, unless he happens to be a bird, and con sequently, it a person has a legal domicile in, say, Tipperary, or Timbuctoo, how in thun der can such a person have a legal domicile here as well ? Then again, a man may live in Parliament (some hon. members arc very near that deplorable stage now), or he may be a littlo more fortunate nnd live in gaol, and it would be 1 interesting1 to know if either of these asylums con atitute a legal domicilo according to the Act. Al together, Mr. Neild's wonderful piece of reform is so hampered and tangled up now that even if it should be carried most people will prefer to bear those ills they have rather than fly to the very doubtful relief promised by the bungled Bill of the hairy man from Paddington, j Everywhere it is found Irioh native wit is the naine : freah as the bloom on a Colleen's rosy chook, and quick and bright as the sparkling eyes of the boy that loveo her. Shortly after ho waa fired out of office, the Queensland ex- Premier, Sir Paalmyell Griffith, took a deep and dire revenge on the country by blasting her with the appoint ment of 87 brand-new J's.P., and having delivered this Parthian shot he seemed relieved, and made way for the far batter man who had very pro perly been placed above him. Connected 'wi+h this there is a good story told of a certain commercial traveller, who having visited a a town in the far North took his seat at the din ner table of the leading hotel one day, and found himself surrounded by quite a crowd of the newly appointed Solona. Being blessed with a particu larly healthy and discriminative appetite, as most 'bagmen' are, the drummer looked wistfully at the roast duck before him and anxiously asked— 'Have i yon no graen peas up here at all?' Before anyone else could reply a jolly-faced squatter from the 'county Ireland' at once ex claimed, ' No ; but, begorra, we have plenty of J. P.'s now, an' God knows they're rjrecn enough to tempt the very goats to rush up and ate them.' All the non-interested guests fairly shrieked with laughter, but the verdant magistrates glared at the joker with looks that fairly said they would like to give him 350 yeara in gaol without the option. Major- General Eichardson has just hit on a new way to pay old debts, or rather he ap pears to have discovered a decidedly original, if not a first- class way of helping to wipe out our big deficit, which like a rolling snow ball seems to be increasing daily. The gal lant Ivlajah's modest proposal is that the Govern ment should hand over JGGOOO in order to allow our military forces to be ' adequately represented' at the Melbourne Exhibition carnival. This is simply lovely, ?nd it is impossible to overesti mate the good that would follow the acceptance of the mild suggestion. Of course all the officers would volunteer to once more ' inure themselves to the hardships of the battle field,' because it is a long time since they had a bully old picnic at the people's expense now, and no doubt if they didn't feel competent to get away with the whole of the .£G0OO they might take a few full privates over to groom their chargerB, and polich up their masters' war-gear, as we'll. The eyes of all Europe would be turned on our gallant band. Of course Bismarck' would shako in his shoes, and his hot-headed young pupil, William II., would cool down when they read o£ the formidable fron^ our fire-eating braves displayed (especially at the refreshment stalls) ; the Russian bear would shut off his growling apparatus and creep into a hollow log for shelter, and the Chinese dragon would crawl down its own throat in fear and trembling, when they learnt how our doughty Majah draw his Invincible Fall-backs in stern array, and bade them remember that the empty boor-barrels and sandwich-bags or forty blooming picnics then looked down upon them. Cocky Burns should shell out the paltry six thousand at once, for it could not be more profitably employed— except in packing off the whole of our war de partment, for good, to Kerguelen's Land or the North Pole. And this reminds me that considerable prepara. tions are being made for strengthening the de fence force of the colony, and wiping out the rash invaders of Russia, or Yackandandah, or Dead Dog Gully, or any oivher hostile caitiffs who may feel that they have a. call to swoop down and kill all our braves, and oarry off all our squaws, and loot our money-bags at their leisure. Lieutenant^ Colonial Crack nell has got up to his ears into particularly dirty water over cer tain affairs connected with our Torpedo Force ; but it was really too bad to expect that this: branch of the service was anything better than a nice little toy provided for the Saturday half- holiday recreation of a favoured few in tb.e Telegiaph Department. The terrible TorpedoLsts used to have a nice little outing, and whenever the torpedoes were obliging enough to go off they killed lots of fish, the officers subsequently enjoyed hearty dinners thereof, and all was getting along beautifully until Dr. Creed stepp-ftel in and atarted to ask a lot of absurd and annoying conundrums about insulation, and resistance, and ohma, and all that kind of tommy-nonsense, ju3t the same as if the Torpedo Force wan expected to be of any earthly, or even waterly, use during a time of real war. At the close of 1885 only .£30,000 had been expended for Torpedo stores, and about all we have to show for our cheque now is a lot of explosives that wouldn't explode even if you hammered them with a hot poker for a year, and a lot of non-explosives which, from some unex plained cause, are liable to go off at any moment, and blow us all to the back end of Jupiter or Japan. The Torpedo force's little amusement has now beon summarily squelched, which is very hard indeed, for it never hurt anyone yet, or ever meancto do so. While in the martial vein, I would also draw the attention of our War Department to the in vention of a diabolical weapon which threatens to decimate the armies of the world, and which must, if used here, prove most disastrous to our own troops. This fiendish affair is called the 'Torpedo Chicken,' and is made of zinc, fashioned to resemble a plump young pullet, and filled with rackarock, dynamite, old iron, cstones, nitroglycerine, etc. When leaded it is fastened by theprudGnt poultry raiser to a roost, and just as the midnight chiino haa sounded, a foraging party, consisting of two men and a three-bushel bag, comes along ; the first warrior cautiously sneaks to the roost, while the other follow holds tho wallet ; a tug is made at the false fowl j a torrible explosion shakes the district, and when the smoke clears away not the slightest vestige of that foraging party can be found, for even the very maker's name on the potato sack has been blown away to tho everlasting Jingo. This kind of foolery has a tendency to demoralize all poultry-loving brigades, and if Major-General Richardson suceeds in grabbing the .£6000, I hope he will spend some of it in a series of lectures, which will enable his trusty braves to distinguish a real, live, juicy pullet from the diabolical bogus article. 