SOCIAL EVERTS TO COME. Thealrs Royal, 'ErmtuhV' evert night, Her Majesty's Theatre, "Sth night of Ta'rte Ranks." Criterion Theatre, "Sophia," eTery night. Gaiety Theatre, "The Slave," tonight, Onrra Hmis#. I'rnfotcr gunnpilFt »«n£f»rt»inmf»nfc. Centenary Exhibition, every day aud OTenlng. Fiak Jubilee singers, to coa.e. Coogte. Bcadi aud Manly Aquariums, every day and cveuiug. Lord Carrincton was present at the annual meeting of the Y.M.C.A. on last Tuesday night. Lady Carringlon Is still at Mossvale. Social events are still f-tagnaut in Sydney. Many of the leading families are still at their country retreats among the mountains, and with the exception of au occasional dinner or theatre party social gaiety is at a standstill. The friends of the late Mr. Hngh George, were very much shocked on Tuesday last to learu that hia third daughter, Miss Mina George, had succumbed rapidly to an illness contracted while nt Bowral. The poor young girl, who was only 23, was interred at Waverley Ceme tery on Wednesday. Great sympathy has been expressed for the grief-stricken mother, who during tbe past two years lost her husband, her son-in-law and now bor daughter. Some idea may be gained of the great popu larity of the floating paiuccb which the P. and O. aud Orient compauies have lately introduced into their Australian fleet from tho fact that every first-class berth for London on tbe Orinaz has long ago been engaged, and she sails on April 10 a full ship. So it was with the Brit- tannia and Victoria on their homeward pas sages since the beginning of the year, so that, from these facts owners may learn a valuable lesson. The preparations for the Women's Fall go merrily 00. In every suburb there are - now central working committees and weakly meetings aro carried on, when work, tea, aud cbat pass a useful and pleasant afteruoon. Everything is going ou smoothly and well, and by September we shall have such a Women's Fair us will astonish all those who have tried to throw cold water on an excellent scheme. " Humming Bee " writes that another shop is about to be added to tho numerous drapery establishments of Sydney. This time Messrs. Cecil Hordcrn and Hugh Ritson are tbe aspirants for public patronage, and they will trade under the name of Hordcrn and Co. The new shop is situated centrally in George-strcct, opposite the markets and ucxt to the upper arcade. Largo win dows provide ample show accommodation, while inside special attention has been paid to the lighting of the large shop, so tbnt a brilliant light is obtained. I was not able to look at costumes or millinery, as tbe place was not in a sufficiently advanced condition to permit of them being shown, but good rooms are being prepared foe their necessities. A new and very fin a assortment of goods has been provided, however, in other departments, resulting in a goodly show of simplo and rich materials, all new, fresh from the manufacturers' hands. The newest designs in broken chocks, hair-line and flno checked tweeds, together with a varied collection of new moires and water-striped silks, with some lovely brocaded velvets, make a handsome display, and Indies will find much to repay a visit. The opening day is Monday next. "Sophia." is drawing large and fashion able audiences at the Criterion Theatre and tba parts are so admirably filled in every way, big or little, that tho play goes with wondrous smoothness. It is not often given to Sydney playgoers to see a good comedy with a com pany combining such men as Mr. Titheradge, Mr. Beck, Mr. Boucicnult, Mr. Ward and Mr. Cntbcart, while in the ladies wo have such popular actresses as Mrs. Brough, Miss Myra Kcmble and Miss Pattie Brown. Miss Keinblc, who looks strikingly handsome in her part as Lady Bellaston, wears a very rich costume, presumably of the Georgian period. Perhaps the over-dress would best bodescribcd in modem style as a low-necked, sleeveless rcdingote of rich lizard-colored velvet. It was caught just at tho bust with a diamond spray and then fell away to tbe ground in rich folds, further en hanced by a wide bordering of fur. The wide armholo. seemed but a slit in the scam, which had anarrower. bordering of fur also to the bottom of the skirt. At tho back this velvet over-dress fitted into the figure, falling in wide folds to tbe ground. Beneath the velvet was worn a tight-fitting gown of whito satin embroi dered with gold and having a friuge of gold at tbc bottom of the skirt. Of this rich under dress nothing was seen hut tbe embroidered front and the tightly-fitting sleeves of satin. Miss Kcmblc wore superb diamond ornaments, and on her poudre wig was placed a jaunty little headdress of velvet and gold aigrettes. Mrs. Brough's handsome dress, which it may be noted was made at tbe shop of Mr9. M'Cathie, in King-street, was of pompadour silk, a fawn ground covered with single sprays. It had a large sacquc at the back going into the neck, while the back widths fell in a short train to the grouud. Tbe front tablier over which the pompadour silk oucned was a series of tiny pink'silk flounces divided by little frills of whito lace and continuing up to the waist. On either skto where the over-dress opened, over the petticoat, was a thick ruche of pink silk. Tho little flounces, it should be mentioned, were pinked out, as is the latest fashion of finishing llouuccs intended to take the place of hemm- iuff. Dr. Schwarzbach, the popular German doc tor, left Sydney last Wednesday by the Zcalan- diu en route for Germany -and his year's holiday. Ho went away immensely proud of his magnificent gift — :t gold chronometer and chain — presented to liiui, the united gift of 40 or 50 grateful palicnta, ladic3 or admiring lady friends. It doe3 uot orteu fall to the lot ot a gentleman to have a number of ladies com bine to make hi in a rich gift, but it has de servedly become the experience of Dr. Schwarz bach, for never was there a- kinder or more hospitable bachelor in Sydney. Messrs. Robert Joliey and Co,,, the Sydney agents for Messrs. Prang and Co., of Boston, forward some very handsome Easier cards. Of these the most attractive are floral aud ever green crosses from the facile pencil of Mrs. Whitney, beautifully mounted on white velvet cross to imitate marble, the veiuing drawn oa the velvet cleverly assisting the deception. Au easel attached makes it a pretty table orna ment. Some buttcrilie.-, blossoms, and a tiny landscape prettily painted on white sarin, form tbc Bubject of a very dainty card, mounted ou au Oxford frame of white plush by means of gilt screws. Sweet, too, is a aaiiu mount decorated with some little children singing Easter caroU, with sprays of yellow and purple pansies about them, and bcueath. the words " Christ has risen indeed." This delicately-perfumed, prettily-decorated satin cushion is mounted with an easel back, on a thick card of white crocodile. Attractive among the small cards are some with appropri ate mottoes enclosed in parchment envelope with formidable-looking red seals. So are soma prettily got-up cards like diminutive books, with several leaves having printed on thein some beautiful. Easter hymns and delicious little pictures. Another book, with ragged parchment edges replacing tho more out-of-data triuEes. has Bible verses as well as hymns, with crosses iu silver on the outer sides. Novel, too, are tinted backgrounds of parchment with pretty cards attached by bows of silk. "An Easter Greeting" has an 'angel child floating through space with a shadowy cross for tbe background and bearing to the world a bunch of Easter lilies, but it ia impossible to give particulars of them all iu detail ; suffice it to say tbey are as good, if not better, this year as ever they were, aud suffi ciently varied to please all tastes. A very pleasant and enjoyable fancy dress party was given by Mrs. J. Dwycr at Per resi dence, " Oakwood," Forest Ix>Jge, on Friday, the lGth inst., on the occasion of tho departure of Mrs. L. Hag6 for Queensland. At 9 p.m. tho guests had all arrived, nnd dancing then com menced to the strains of the piano, violin aud cornet. The palm for the handsomest fancy costumes was taken by Mr. and Mrs. Dwyer— tbe latter as the Ghost in " Ilamlet" and tha former as Butterfly. Mrs. Hagd, as Spanish Dancer, in black lace and cardinal satin, looked charming, while Miss Little and Miss Allen, as My Sweetheart and Red Riding Hood, looked equally so. Miss GUburn, as French Peasant, Mrs. Tait, as a Gipsy Queen, and a young lady a9 Folly, ail looked nice. There were also some very pretty evening costumes donned, the most noticeable being a cream color silk and lace worn by Miss Dauke, and a pale bine silk and white lace by Mias L. Cohen. Among the gentlemen Mr. Redman, as a Naval Officer, Mr. Murphv as Courtier, Mr. Knight as an Officer of the Red Cross, and Mr. Tate as Siebel, from " Faust," were the most noticeable, while there was a fair sprinkling of sailors, cricketers and gentle men of the 19th century. One very pleasant feature of the evening was tho reudering of some recitations and songs by Messrs., Danks and Smith and Miss Walsh. Mr. N. Levy acted the part of M.C., and ho is to bo compli mented on tbe energetic manner in which ha carried out his duties. Mr. and iMrs. 'Lloyd gave a very enjoyable daucc at their residence, "Broffipton," Summer- hill, on tbe evening of Thursday, the 22nd inst., when about 30 couples assembled to partake of the hospitality of the genial host and hostess. Dancing commenced at half-past 8 and con tinued until about 2.30 a .in., with the usual intermission for supper. The hostess was attired in a very pretty and becoming dress of pink, eatin, adorned with loops of cream pearl beads and pink net waterfall. Miss Harris looked pretty in a white spotted muslin and pearls draped with pale blue, as did Miss Fttie Wood in a white net skirt and cream surah satin bodice, relieved by heliotiopc ribbons,. The Misses J 'rice looked well in cream net, with waterfalls and satin bodices. Miss Smith wore pink ttillc, with satin body, looped with deep red roses ; and Miss Hopkins & cream dress of like material, looped with cream roses. Noticeable amongst the black dresse3 was the silk and broche worn by Mrs. Lancaster, and a black tulle skirt, with red pompoms ami black satin body, worn by Mrs. Eraser; also a black net over a tnoirc antique skirt, relieved with pale blue ribbons, worn by Miss Wood.) The members of the Western Club, Summer- hill, intend holding one of their popular smoke concerts at the club-rooms on Wednesday evening next. Only a limited number of invi tation cards have been issued, for which there has been a great demand. t The Messrs. Needs have i?sned invitations for their opening social of tho season, to take place at Nithsuale on Wednesday, April 4 next. The opening dance of the Redfern Socials is announced to take place at the Kedfern Town- hall on Friday, April 20. Some few months have elapsed since the Petersham Owls have occupied their perch ; but ou Wednesday evening lu«t thoy resumed their periodical hoot'i at the local Town-hall, and ilrcw-a fairly lame audience. A nntnber of visiting crows gave their valuable assistance and furnished some really capital music, both vocal and instrumental. TheMayorof Petersham (Mr. Jno. Wheeler;, who is president of thecuib, occupied the chair oil l he rise of the curtain, which, by the bye, was nearly an hour late. The proceedings commenced with a piano solo by Miss Jianken, who acquitted herself exceed ingly well. Mr. O. J J til then followed with a capital ftong. ' Herr fSehmellitsehck then ap peared and played a violin solo (Herr Ghcde presiding at the piano;. This was a skilful performance, ami aii'onled the audience an un usual treat. Tho Owls arc fortunate in obtain ing the nervines of two Kiich prorniricnt musi cians. Mrs. G. 15. Foster sang " Dear Bird of Winter" and " Poor Miss Trim," unit was greeted with loud appiati.se. Messrs. Bodd and Bradley gave " Love and War," and did 'fall justice to that popular duet. Later on Mr. Bradley sang the " Bedouin I.ove Song" with fine effect, and Mr. Jlodd appeared with Miss 33. Chapman in a pretty duet, entitled "Maying." Herr Uhedc contributed a piano forte solo, " Nigger Dance," and was encored. "Flowers of May "was very sweetly rung by Miss 13. Chapman, and a scntetto from " 'Lucia " concluded the musical programme. The hall was then cleared for dancing, in which the majority of the guests took part. In the matter of dress there was nothing of a particularly striking character — light materials, with an abundauce of lace, of course predominated. A social evening under the auspices of the Rcufern Young Mud'm Mutual Improvement Society was held in the Regent-street Church lecture-hall on' Wednesday last. The hall was crowded to its 'utmost capacity by a large and appreciative audience. Mr. \V. Duncan pie- aided and opened the proceedings -with a short address. A scene from " lticheiieu " was then enacted with considerable' dramatic effect, the cbatactcr of Julia, a ward of Richelieu ; Richclion, tho cardinal I'riinc Minister of France: Joseph, a monk ; Clermont, a ser vant of the king, and Baradas, .an officer of the .'court, were well sustained by Miss Monro, and Messrs. A. Weaver, Finlay, Shocbridgc and Logan. Later on in the evening a humorous piece frofn the "Mer chant of Venice" was given, in which the characters of Launcelot Gobbu, Old Gobbo and Bassatiio were well sustained by 'Messrs. Shoe- bridge, Weaver and Finlay. Mr. T. Davidson gave a humorous reading "from "Mark Twain." Mr. Hill gave a humorous recitation nnd "The Wreckers" was well recited by Mr. Logan. Music and singing interspersed the several pieces. The solo. " Chiming Bells" was very nicely rendered by Miss Spence. Mr. Weaver sang " True till death" and Mr. .Hawkins gave "Sailing" with good effect. Mr. Finlay gave some nicely rendered violin selections. Mr. JL Chandler presided 'at the harmonium and played the several accompaniments, in his usual efficient manner. 