OUR -NEW YORK LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORHMPONDSIIT.] In the neighbouring suburb of Staten Island resides the Rev. T. B. Bott, t> Baptist minister not unknown to fame. He will be remembered SR having created a profound sensation a few years ago by eloping from Philadelphia with the organist of his church, leaving behind him a wife and two little children. I don't know exactly how it was that this clerical beat was allowed to keep on preaching, but he did, and up to last week WAS pastor of the Central Congregational Church in Tottenvillo. Early last week frightful screams issuing from the Bott mansion alarmed the inhabitants of that peaceful village, and the people rushing out discovered Bott giving Mrs. Bott what Paddy gave the drum. Mrs. Bott was found with one eye in half mourning and two of her left molars and one bicuspid badly loosed, and Bott, getting ready to give her dear number two ; the village postmaster rushed up to expostulate, when the minister gave him to understand that he would chastise his wife if he liked, and intimated that he wouldn't mind having a go at the postmaster, provided he would waive the Marquis of Queensbury rules and take it rough and tumble. Mrs. Bott eventually sought refuge in a drug store, and Mr. Bott, catching sight of the editor of the local paper who had published an account of his escapade from Philadelphia, chased him into the post office. Yesterday he was turned out of church by the trustees. Exit, Bott I Overtoppiog all other excitements of the week was the arrival of James G. Blaine. "The best laid plans of mice and men aft gang ago," says Burma, and so it proved in this case for the man in whose honour the parade was intended was many miles away at sea, and as many of the delegations had come hundreds, and not a few thousands of miles to see the fun, it was found impossible to hold them together any longer. So the chairman of the Republican League, under whose auspices the parade was given, was compelled to have it then or not at all. Like all affairs of the kind it was not without its hatreds and bitterness. Many prominent people, who felt they were entitled to it, failed to get invitations to the reception steamer. and numerous outside delegations, who thought they would be the cynosure of all eyes here, were completely overlooked and unnoticed. Then the procession did not reach the reviewing stand till after 10 o'clock in the evening, and it was considerably after midnight when the last division passed. Still it may be fairly said to mark the opening of the campaign of 1888, and from now to November we may look for thunder all along the line. A circumstance took place last week in Brooklyn which, though not much apparently in itself, may possibly turn the Presidential election. When it is remembered that a change of GOO votes would have elected Mr. Blaine, you can understand how important this local quarrel may be. From time immemorial the ruckmen and back men have stood with their trucks and vans around the City Hall. A couple of weeks ago the Superintendent of Street was notified by the Mayor to remove them. Notice was served upon them, but the men refused to budge. Then the police reserves were called out, and after considerable resistance the men were driven off. About the city, attendants and all, there are nearly 3,000 of them. They were Democrats to a man, but now they swear that on the 6th November they will make Rome how, The man who takes a stroll through Printing House Square after an absence of two or three years, will have to inquire his way around or get a city guide to pilot him. It is true that the ugly Tribune steeple shoots upward to the sky in the same place, and the majestic figure on top of the City Hall looks benignly down on the hoodlums pitching pennies under the Mayor's windows in the Park while waiting for the evening additions of the "The Nooees," Telegram," "World " and " Sun." The Park is there, that is what remains of it, and the Post office stands as solid as: Gibraltar' to the front. The statue of Franklin reminds the reQectivo.Amerioan.and the"nnrefleo tive foreigner that we had some great men once. Save and except those all else is changed. At the junction of Nnaenu street and Park-road, massive and grand rises the magnificent new building of the New York Times, which has been built in the most peculiar manner in which any building was ever erected in the United States. The outside walls of the old building were taken down, but the inside rooms were retained intact, and the work went on just the same, although a new building was put up from turret to foundation stone. The shares building promises to be one of the finest newspaper offices in the city. But the most radical change of all is that now taking place on the corner of Frankfort- street, right opposite the Sim office-the historic building which was formerly " Tammany Hall ;" but of that a son. On the other corner was French's Hotel, a famous hostelry in its day ; never considered first-class or hardly second- class, it nevertheless had a large clientele of tradespeople and small country merchants who consulted economy by living while in New York on the European plan, lodging at French's and feeding at any of the cheap restaurants with which this neighbourhood abounds. Years ago a famous victualler Mas ouo Gosling; toothsome were his wishes, savory his puddings and pies. A large platoofcornedbeofandcabbagofor 123 cents was one of the luxuries that tempted our country cousins, and five large buckwheat cakes, done to a turn and smothered in molasses, for a like sum, helped to herald his fame through the length and breadth of the Union. But French's- Hotel in coming down the past few years have been most ruinous to the property ; the heirs got fighting among themselves, each one bent on ruining the other ; the property got tied up with mandamuses, injunctions, writs of certiorari and other legal dynamite bombs on which lawyers fatten and clients ore blown sky high. When they were all nearly ruined and thoroughly exhausted, Puli'ser, oz The Woi he stepped in and gobbled the whole thing for 800 600dol., and he proposes to rear on its foundation such a newspaper office as you may possibly have read about in story books, but certainly never have seen in granite, marble, brick, and iron, in this country before. The site is historic ground. Forty eight years ago a celebrated rough-and- tumble fighter named Billy Harrington kept a saloon called " The Cosey," and here most of the noted prize fighters of the day could been seen. Fighting was the fashion then. Soap locked " Fire laddies " travelled about the city looking for a mas." and to the honour of the city be it recorded they did not have to travel far to get accommodated. There were nearly 50 fire companies, and all of them were schools for sluggers ; the follow who couldn't slug had no business being a fireman, so as a consequence the Fire department took: in most of the roughs and toughs of the city. Tammany Hall, now the Sun office, was on the opposite corner from French's, and this was the headquarters of the' Empire Club, of which the late Captain Isaiah RynderB was the chief. To say that this crowd was a terror, but faintly describes what they were bad as we are now, thank fortune we have no organised gang of the proportions and toughness of the Empire Club. Their members varied from 1,200 to 2,000, and they were so thoroughly organised' and drilled that no police force could cope with them. Next adjoining Tammany Hall, and right under the north-east corner of the Tribune office was " The Pewter Mug,", the resort of thieves and low ruffians,' some of whom died in that cellar with their boots on Right back of French's was old St. John's Hall, which was the oldest Masonic Lodge in the city, and it was - here that, Henry C. Atwood and some other reasons started, St. John's Grand Lodge in opposition to the Grand Lodge of the State of New. York's breach that was fortunately, healed almost 40 years ago by a grand reunion at Tripler Hall. But as I said,! French's is being, torn down, and in at a - a . a few months the World office will look down in silent contempt upon the office of the Sun I can almost hear Pulitzer, as he sits in his magnificent quarters looks ing down on Dana dingy sanctum, too, whooing like the owl in the fable who sat above the gallows of the murderer who had put out her little one's eyes, " Revenge is sweet I Revenge is sweet I" The revelations before the committee now engaged in investigating emigration matters have been somewhat startling. First we went for the Chinamen, but a strict investigation proved that there was not comparatively a corporal's guard of them in the United States. Then we gave the Indians a shake up, but bad as they are they are evidently not the worst. Now the immigrant deluge that threatens us is from Russia, Poland, Hungary, and Bohemia, The Italian does not enter into competition with our labour element except in its i lowest forms of street cleaning, digging and railroad work ; but these miserable ' races are driving American men and American women from many forms of skilled labour. Ten years ago in one clothing manufactory girls were exclusively employed, and they made from 8dol. to 15d. a week. Since the advent of the Russians, Bohemians, Hungarians and Poles, men have taken the places of American women and girls and the wages have fallen one half. , Aside from every other consideration 1 the men are brutal in their habits and a disgustingly filthy in their persons and I altogether offensive for civilised women to mingle with. It is among this class of immigrants that you find your anarchists, i dynamiters, and other desperate characters. Few of them can speak our ,, language, and they don't want to speak it. They want to become citizens because they find that the franchise has a market i value on election day. Just think of 5,000 of such beings poured down on us i in a single day We are confronted with a terrible problem in this labour matter, and the further we go with the investiga- tion the worse it looks. Gradually and quietly those unsavory elements have undermined the labour L market, till it has come to be a choice for thousands of women, and girls between i degradation and starvation. Notwithstanding . our stringent laws against the importation of contract labour, thousands of these isTÍeorable wretches are unloaded here every week, their passages and all their expenses being paid by ; their American employers, and afterward i deducted from their wages with 200 , per cent, interest. We have also a law which compels the captain and officers of all sea-going vessels belonging to the United States to be citizens of the United States. But here we have bands of perjurers who, in consideration of a lOdol. bill, will swear a captain's papers through the Customs though he only 1 arrived in the country yesterday. A party | has just been discovered who made a regular business of this kind of perjury, receiving Edols. for every set of papers so worn through. I A handsome young girl, who swore to the condition of herself and asso- ciates, said that she and eight others slept in a room six by nine in one of those tenement hells that disgrace New York. The mere thought of the horror of such a thing these sweltering nights is dreadful. No wonder the poor creatures Seek the sidewalks and the roofs ; even the cold flagstones must be paradise in comparison with the i , One night this week the police raided the tramps, who make a business of sleeping in the parks. They got about 180 of them, and when they were brought up before the sitting magistrate next morning he discharged them all, as he considered it perfectly justifiable to get a nap anywhere this weather, and the fact of a man being asleep in a park was no evidence of his being a vagrant or a tramp. I suppose in your time you have heard of instances of cheek, but I think there is nothing cooler or more adamantine recorded than this A man crossing Union square was attacked by a footpad who made a grab for his watch ; the man held his watch while the thief had the chain, and by a sudden jerk he broke the chain and was about to make off when he was seized by the man, but with a quick movement he slipped out of his coat, leaving it in the hands of his would-be captor, and made off with the piece of chain. About a half hour afterwards he came up to the gentleman who was standing in front of his hotel, and demanded the return of his coat ; the gentleman refused to give it up, and the thief threatened to sue him for stealing his coat in the first place, for felonious assaults in the second place, and for getting property into his possession under false pretences in the third place. If you can beat that for cheek out your way, walk up and take the head. Politics are just a bilin' here, though it is rather amusing to see the different esti- mates that the respective party papers form of each other. "Take up the Tribune and the Press, and you learn that all is quiet at the Democratic headquarters that Scott has been practically laid on the shelf, and that Gorman) running the Come mittee and that a prominent Democrat was heard to remark that Cleveland hadn't the ghost of a chance, and that apathy reigned supreme in the Democratic Committee, for they felt that Free Trade had drowned the party. Then take a look at the World, The Times, the Herald, the Star, or the Telegram, and you there learn that Harrison has virtually retired from the race, and that Mr. Morton had refused to open his barrel, as he knew it was money thrown away. The World's most reliable reporter was sent to the Republican headquarters to interview Mr. Quay,' but finding him absent, learned from a clerk that Mr, Cleveland's popularity with the masses, and the firm stand he had taken for Civil Service reform and protection made his success so inevitable that the Republicans had concluded to throw up the sponge and make no further fight. The plain facts are that both parties are thoroughly organised and working like beavers. For working efficiency the present Democratic Committee has never been surpassed ; it is perfect in every department. The same may be said of the Republican Committee. At the head of every bureau are gentlemen of great ability and experience. A more able body of men never guided that party to victory or defeat. It is a fair race and a square race. Which will win i Let us wait and see. ACE, sickness, and sorrow make the hair grow gray. Uso Mrs. S. A. Allen's World's ' Hair Restorer which never fails to restore the youthful and natural colour. Sold everywhere. j SIMONS AUsTRALIAN ASTHMA CURE is near uni really known throughout the Australian Colonies to be an infallible remedy in the most chronic cases of Asthma or Bronchitis. By its use no one need suffer or lose a night's rest. Sold by all Chemists. HATTON £ LAWS. Sole Agents for Tasmania. SCOTT'S EMULSION OF PURE COD LIVER OIL WITH llvporiiosruiTEs, Is prescribed by Physicians all over the world. It is a remarkable remedy for consumption, scrofula, and wasting diseases, and very palatable. Head the following :-" I have much pleasure in stating that I have tried ' SCOTT'S ESIDL HION in a case of impoverished blood, with Scrofnl ons disease, and found it to be a very evident preparation. It was taken without the least dysentery.' A. TEMPLE Minerva, 22 Lordship Park, Stoke Newington, N. England. All Chemists sell large and small sizes. ' Price 5s and 2s. 6d. Wholesale atL. FAIRTHORNE AND SON, Launceston SOME PEOPLE WILL TAU: OIL Well I Cod Liver Oil can be taken and digested, everybody knows its nutritious properties are very rich, but how many people really get the value from the oil ? We say very few, for it requires most powerful digestive organs to split up the facts. The best way is to take Cod Liver allies form wherein the oil globules are all subdivided and ready for absorption. This is found even under the microscope, in the " Kepler Cod Liver Oil" Solution with Wait. Nearly every medical man knows this preparation thoroughly, has for many years it has been extensively prescribe!. 