varieties. A Haunted &hip.; what officers and crew thought they saw in HDD-ocean. ' Ifc is ghosts ? Well, I declare ! Now, just listen and X will tell you a story, every word of which is true. It happened to myself, and I can therefore vouch for it.' JLne speaker was Captain Charles Munson, formerly for years captain of a large clipper ship in the China trade, but at present purser on the Ward Iiine steamer Saratoga. He iB a man who has seen the sea of every clime, and who has dined in almost every large seaport of the world. The' correspondent listened with the closest attention to the following story, and here gives it to the reader, believing it will prove as interesting as it did to himself. In the latter part of the year 1882, I was Bailing in the ship A. B. Parker of Boston, of which I was oaptain. She was a fine, large vessel of 1800 tons, built expressly for the China trade. We had a cargo out for the Sandwich Islands, where wo were to take a new cargo for Hongkong. Therefore, instead of going around the Cape of Good Hope, which is the usual route to China, we went around the "horn" (Cape Horn, | South America). Our voyage was unevent ful and pleasant until we were in south, latitude about 25 deg., and west longitude 93 deg. 30 min. The day on which we took t.hia observation was clear and fine. But it was the last fine day we were destined to have in over a week. A storm came on that night with the utmost sudden ness. The second mate of the Parker was a young man named Hilton. He had been with me in this berth three years, and I was greatly attached to him. On the third night of the storm, before going on deck to head his watch, he said tome: ' Captain, my day has come ; I feel it — I know it !' I tried to reason him out of the idea. I insisted on his taking an extra glass of Santa Cruz, but he was awfully down in the mouth. Just before leaving the cabin, he gave me his watch, saying : ' I want you to promise me, if anything should happen to me to-night that you will see that my wife who lives in New Bedford, Mass., shall get this, and that you will tell her and the chil dren that I died on duty.' I detained him, and said: ' Tom, you take things too seriously. "What ails you ? Stay below. I will head your watch myself.' Then he laughed and said : ' "Well, I suppose I am a fool. No, no, oaptain, I guess that will be all right, but I have had suoh a aueer nresentiment. I dare say nothing will come of it.' Thus reassured, I let him go on deok. I was engaged in writing up my diary, and the first mate sat at the same table with me, writing up the ship journal, when we heard a strange, booming sound, like heavy surf on a rock shore. Both of us ran up on deck in the utmost haste. The gale was increasing in violence and the sea was running mountains high. Evidently we were not near any surf, for there was not the least sign of breakers, nor did we hear, the sound again. Suddenly, as we stood at' the companion hatch, holding on to the ropes to steady ourselves, we saw the second mate turn toward us and point seaward, then make a sign for us to go down the stairway. In an instant more we were boarded by a huge bowler that swept the ship from stem to stern. In our haste to escape the rush of waters we loBt Bight of the secend mate, and we never saw him alive again. A sailor who was at the mizzen-cap saw him disappear with the flood of water as it left tne vessel into the deep blackness of the storm and ocean, a wild yell coming from his lips, soon to be for ever closed with toe ocean over them. The storm continued to ra go with undi minished fury for three days after this, and during this time our attention was all taken up with handling the ship. On the first fair night after the storm the full moon was up in toe sky and now stood guard above the Southern Gross, a faint, phosphorescent glimmer flashed now and again from the wave-caps, and a dolorous wind moaned and sighed through toe cordage. The night was glorious. As I walked forward and back on my watch on deck how lonely it seemed ! If you have never been on board a ship in the South Pacific Ocean you cannot realise from any description the feeling that comes over one on a midnight watch — nothing but a frail ship beneath you over a desert ocean, with a great starry vault above. All on board asleep save only yourself and the watch. Thus I felt rather in the temper that ghosts prefer to have their friends in when they ap pear, and I am not sure but I almost expected to see a ghost when suddenly, as I turned in my solitary pace up and down, I saw that I was not alone on toe quarter-deck. A man was coming toward me, but did not seem to recognize, my presence — ho evidently was on watch too. It was the second mate, or, as I soon saw, his ghost. Yes, it was his ghost ; there could be no doubt. I tried in vain to approach and! lay hand on the figure but it always eluded me, and suddenly, after pacing up and down the deck an hour or so, toe figure disappeared as suddenly as it had come. "Well, I was not a little horrified; but for obvious reasons did not say a word to anyone about toe matter. A haunted ship is about the worse thing on earth. Next night about midnight there was a great" commotion in toe forecastle. All the men were out on deck quicker than you could say " Jack Bobinson." Terror was in their faces ; some were shrieking and others acted as though they would jump overboard. I ran to the forecastle as quickly as I could. On entering it, there in the centre of the floor stood the ghost of the second mate, with a belaying pin in his hand. " Jack, go below !" I commanded, addressing him, and to my astonishment he disappeared like a puff of wind. I reasoned with the sailors, but all in vain. They had seen the ghost. That was enough, and nothing would induce them to return to the forecastle ; they preferred to sleep on deck. Well, this kind of thing con- . tinued during the remainder of the voyage, mid daily it became more terrible. I do be lieve we would all have jumped overboard rather than stood it had we not been so near Honolulu when it commenced. At last.the welcome harbour was gained and the crew discharged. The Parker lay there thiee years afterward, and could get no cargo; no captain, no crew. Every one knew of her . story — she was haunted. At last she caught fire and was burned to the water's edge. As remarkable as this story may seem, I assure you it is the truth. I don't know much about ghosts and spirits (other than good old rum). I never have seen any but toin one and I hope I may never see another. — Cincinnati Enquirer. 