Triumphant Democrat:?: FIFTY TEARS-MARCHOFTIIE ltEFUBUC. lit AN DUE CARNEGIE. TuUielicd by Arrangement with David I'roudfoot, Esq. CHAPTER XIV.- (Omlfancd.) In 1HS0 tho number of periodicals of nil classes published in tho linitod States was 11,000,314, Of theso raoro than four fifths oru dovotod to news. politics, and family reading. Tho remainder are tech. r.lcal publications, relating to trade indus try, tho professions, science, Ac. More than throe-fourths of Uio whole are weekly Suldicatlons, 10 per cent, are monthlies j ally nowstm|H!rs form lather less than 10 jkt cent. Tun thousand five hundred and fifteen periodicals am published in tho English longuago and iJOi in German. 'Iho remaining porccntogo is contri huted in tho following languages, in this orders French, Scandinavian, Spanish. Dutch, Italian, Welsh, Ilohcmian, nnd Polish. Them i. moreover, a Portuguese paper in Now York, a Chinese paper in (fan Francisco, nnd a Cherokee ono at Tnhlequab, Indian Territory. In nono of these languages docs tho proportion of periodicals reach ono per cent, of tho whole. Iliecomtnned issue of the perlntli. cal press exceed lldrty-ouo million. Thu copies printed aggregate, ill a your, otio biltionthrco hundred nnd forty-four mil lion, giving an average of two copies a week to every family. Tho growth of American newspaper literature is no less nstonhhing than tho growth of so many other thtug Aururieiti. tho lint census of tlio press was taken in 1850, though Mulhntl gives anestimat" for 1840\. Tho number of newspapers in 1850 was About eight huudrcd and thirty i t-n years later It luul increased to two thoucAnd flvo hundred and twenty-six. In 1Bi0 it reached four thounnnd and flfty-onoi In 1870 Ato thousand eight hundred and seventy- one, whilo ten years later it had nearly douhlod, reaching the number of eleven thousand three hundred and four teen, or mora than four times m many at , in 1850. In circulation tho increase hu ; been even greater. In 1850 the average circulation per Issue was fivo million ono hand red and forty-two tlionaand ono hundred and seventy-sevens it looped to thirteen million six hundred andslxty-three thousand four hundred and nine in IBttO 1 to twenty million eight hundred and twenty-four thonraod four hundrod and teventy.fivo in IHTO.nnd in IKSC it reached tho enormous number of thirty-onu mil lion suvon hundred and Bovcnty.nina thousand six hundred and eighty-six. Tho morning newspapers of tho principal eitiofl consist of eight pages, like those of London, nnd are sold at tins same price, 'J cuuts (1 penny). Tho republican sheets are ch.aroctorNeil by g renter vivacity tlian tho monarchical — mora spicy news, nnd, above all, si much more nttmctivj mode of displaying it. A leading English editor one remarked to tue : " Wo havo no 4 editors ' who rank wiUi the American, but rainy writers who excel yours." This was a jiu>. criticism. W« sec. bowovor, in nuthluc mora strongly than the newspaper preii of tho two countries, tho operation of that law of assimilation which tends to mike their products alike. Tho American pre' is rapidly acquiring greater dignity, utul tho llritish press more sparkle. They will icon be as like ns two peas, nnd thoch ingi toward each other will improve both. There am tuany things other than tho press. In which a tnl.xturo of tho old and new would bo equally advantageous. Tho falsest impressions of a oonntry arc created )u tlio minds of foreigners by itc newspaper presa, because people forget that tho press deals in tho uncommon, tho abnormal. A column is given to some startling monstrosity, a thre'o-headod calf for instance, but it doesn't follow that American calves, as a rule, possess mire than tho usual number ofhcad-pluces hcui in Europe. All unruly refugee with twonty aliases kills a Texau rowdy in a bar-room, farther away from Now York than Cairo b from I.ondin, nnd tho press on both sides of ttio water gives tho fullest details, it isn't a corollary at nil that human life is not respected in tho Republic. A defaulter absconds, nnd the world is filled with tho news, not a word is said about tho thousands of mon in positions of frost who guard their chargo to tlio last penny. My cxpericnco with nowspapurs upon both Hides of tho Atlantic hai shown mo how incorrect ideas nro instilled of the ono land In Iho other hy tho press. A Nuw York sheet, referring to tho meeting of u few hoir- bralned cranks in Hydo 1'ark, n motley crowd, whoso nppenmnco matlo mi- feel as Falstnft did about hissoldier.i, " I'U not march with them through Coventry, that's flat," lays this episode liefure ito readers headed in largo type: "A Gu\md ltxrunucAN IUllt." And many re id -re think tho i'rince of Wales has not thu ghost of a chance. I wish it wero so indeed, and 1 honour theso cranks very much— all real reformer aro cranks in their day. i'ym, Hampden, Cromwell were, and John Bright hiuHoti was a very pronounced one till ho lironghf tho nation up to hin level i now ho U a re gulation stnteimnn n " good form." Hut truth compels mo to say that tho republican rally in Ilydo 1'ark was not much of a rally j it was liko tho great ball ivhijh the Princess wfslied to give in Ottawa upon court lioeA of etiquette, and oould not. In Canada society was all in vulgar trVlu There was not enough left to tinko a ball at nil. In Hko manner, a Socialists' pro cession inarches through tho streets in Chicago, prolmbly not an American in tlio array— a parcel of foreign cranks whoso Communistic idoas are tho natural growth of the unjust laws of thoir natlvo land, which deny theso men tho privileges of equal eltixon ship, and hold them down as inferiors from their birth— and forthwith Euro|x»ati papers alorui tho timid and well-to-do masses of Europe by picturing this threatened assault upon property as tb<> result of r« pubhcanUm, Iho truth being that in no other country aro tlio rights of proicrty hold ho sacredly as la America. Legislation to fix values of anything here, oa values of land nro fixed in Ireland, for instance, would bo decried from one end of tho land to tho other. Tlio only true and abiding uonscrvattsm Is that en gendered by republican Institutions— con servatism of what is just, whntisgjod— for theso no party socks to destroy. In Uko mannar tho books of travel written by visitors to any land umit In thoir very nature bo misleading. What strikes too stronger is not tho thousand and ono matters which are allko to those at home, nor the thousand occurrences which aro common to him at houio or broad j it Is tho ono exceptional ui liter, thing, or uvent which ho notes down ut onca and says, " I can work that up— it is ro strnngo." Very true, only it uny Ik? just as exceptional, juBt ns Blmngo to the nativo. Tho falio Improreion is conveyed fo tho public, for whom lie writes, by im plying that it is thu common and usurious- tom.ovorcurren.-c. Few t iaveller<knm» how tcsrrivu nt the real every-doy lifeof p»opl«\ and yet from this :tl-me is n jtnt estimate of that people to be obtained. As tho two divisienn get t«i know each other iK'ttur, they will understand that in tho main, human life is very much the name on belli sides of tho Attnntic. It is aft ?r wo cross tlio Mississippi and como io tlio " gru.it West "—that new region which thu hardy pionoeris rapidly bringing into civilisation —that lifo takes on different f rituics. As might be expected tho difference in tho press there gives tia tho best idea of tlio chasm which still divides tho sililud State from tho unsettled Territory. When u party of proap"'tnrs have found n mineral vein in the West, about tho first thing they do after deciding to build a city, is to start a nowsp iper. With cliaracturietlu Western eccentricity this is named thu l.r.aiHiuLcu Schraukii, <-r the I'ccK-a- lloo Avalanche. Tttcn a press and type are brought In, the most iitcnit«- of the gang invests in a table, nn urru- cbnlr, and nn inkstaud, and being already furnished with a revolver, lie begins to " run " tho paper. As tho town grows, competing editors come in, ami soon the struggle for existenco sets in with nn acerbity of feeling not excelled in those poctlo "Dragon" of tho prims Who torn «-och other in ttielr limn." Specimens of " slime" «rc carefully collected by European bookmakers nnd quoted as representative of American journalism. After tint rough pioneering hiiH been done, the gentler evidence of white civilisation noon manifest litem- selves. Fine htrect lined with liandsome buildings and towering churches spring up on the site of thu wilderness i and literature takes ii|Min it«o1f n milder form. Present editors in Western towns which have originated and grown in this way, areuieuof culture, often graduates from Eastern universities! nnd these are not the turn who pea the articles ho largely quoted from by bookmakers. Dickons' amusing representation of the editorial couibat in " Pickwick" will keep In memory the fact Hint a few years ago British editors used inks of concentrated gall and venom. (TO lie CONTINUED.) 