HUiNED AND DEiSE&TED.; (ntoit OUR OWH OORHESPONDflNT). I Melbourne, Saturday.' , A child three days old, found in tho porob of St Francis Ohuroh (R.O.) was brought up, and ordered to be sent to the Lying-in-Hospital. Inquiries at this hos pital gave a clue to the mother who had abandoned it. What bor agony and frame of mind must have been is revealed in the following letter:— " The Clergyman, St. Francis' Church, Great Lonsdale-street, Melbourne. Oh, kind father, pity a poor heart-broken girl, lam leaving my child in the Church's care. God help me. I am driven to this. What is a poor girl to do, rained and disgraced, while the father of my child, the cause of mjr ruin, forsakes meP Oh, God, keep me in my eenBes. I feel going mad- Pray forme, clergyman, pray for me, a poor heart-broken girl at the age of 20. I have made enquiries if I could get it into any of tho convents through others, but they won't toko them so young. What am I to do ? But this parting ■with it is nearly driving me mad. But I know dear father, some of the convents will toko it in for yon. I shall alwayB send something to the presbytery for its support. But how can I part with it P But yet I must rather than have the pcor child suffer want or have my name dragged through tho courts. Oh, please have it christened for me. I have no money, or else would havo had it done. God forgive mo for what I am doing. Pray for me, and call the child Robert Aylword, Pray for me as yon have never done before, for I am heartbrokem Care for my baby. One day I will claim him, ahd pay others for their Care. Now I am not in a position. God for give me for what I am doing, and don't for get to pray. Tours in misery, once a pure and happy girl, God help me. I leave bim, and shall pray and trust ir God for his future safety. If only Father. O'Meara were alive ha would help me. I cannot writo, bo 1 will leave him in the church-yard, in the name of the father. Son, and Holy Ghost—Amen." the letter bore neither signature nor date. 