rHB <xOl.OEiST HOPE/ 4 ROMANCE; OF THE DEEP. X dreamt » dream tiini w>) not all a. dream.' By W. pti K RxjBSStii. Ohafteb xl V. —The Buhiae op the Baby. Breeches granted as though satisfied. bat 'me hoarse wbi-perert comments were ottered by the otftere, which must have Inotred hands into a long dieoaesion, had 5' 5 been impolitic enough to overhear ri.I« Saon aciu. however, the subtle sub- HninE influence created by -he little Bilenfc hod» under the tarpaulin was felt by the men. Their thoughts went to the infant and they a ke 0f bitn ; then Mtrrin Goldsmith re membered a creepy and chilly etory of an pnnreuiice who had been at) --rph»a and was cat to sea by an ancle whom he had talked of L an harah and cruel man. Thia lad died tbronvh a fall from ttw masthead. They laid bim one. and that same night an able seaman aimed Moses Bozles, goiug uft to take the wheel and passing by where the body lay, eaw oka anneritiOD of a female with her fingers locked upon h-r forehead, leaning over the body and e digesting by her at-.ica-ie that she had discovered who the boy had been, end _j3 in wild anguish. 'Bogles was so tightened,' said Goldrmith, ' that he ran back into the fok'sle, wofce up all bands, who came on deck to see the apparition, but the fears bad disappeared Yet there was not the ledBt doubt that Bogles had spoken tho tintb, for his sincerity was shown by the effect the sight produced upoa his mind. He had been a drunken swearing fellow before, but from fcbst night be read the Bible regu- larlyaud became a pious man.' Anson, the cook, bad also hiB little yarn to deliver. Archer likewise tuld of a ghost, and old Breecbe?, never to be bear en when it cams to spinning twisters, narrated in a gruff bat tremulous voice bow his mother had been visited in the dead of night by an elder brother of his, who c»ma to the street door when the enow was a toot thick with nothing, on but a pair o' drill trousers. 1 There waB a moon,' 'aid Bill, 'sod she saw his face plain, but ae she'd only reoeived a letter a fortnight afore— be was in --he Royal nayy, was Joseph. \- saying that the frigate had reached Kings-, ton, Jamaica, and was like to be kept on that there station for Bnme months, she wa9 CD confounded, not more by bis turning up in iL.t «< »Uon ho hta fnentnnr nn of. oil fhot ID&Mlft; l»U«U ««» «ir i.s «W.A, vaaww aha tumbled down in a fin, the noise of which alarming & lodger that had a wooden leg who slept in the back parlonr, he 'hipped bis leg and come out, and seeing nothen but mother a laying in a awuoud noon the mac, he shatg the street door and carries her on toaeofa, where, after a bit she rewired. Well, what happened 7 B»id old Breeches, turning bis lace, dim in the starlight,, round upon the men, the glistening of whose eyes was the only discernible point in. their dusky coun tenances. ' Same time after Bhe got a letter from the Admir»lty stating 'hat her son Joseph had been d'owndd by falling over board st uight in Kingston harbour, and it tarned ont that at the very time he wa9 under water the knock came at the door, end his mother see bim.a standing in the enow.' But it was hard upon eight bells ; Stone had finished his pips, aud drawing himself up with a look round at the sea, he said, ' Well, we live in a fantas ic world ; but there's no nee a growling.' and.. wi-.h chat be walked' quietly aft. pausing a moment when abreast of the tarpaulin and looking at it, and then moving on afresh with a sigh- The men after talking a little broke up. The first watch had begun; half the. crew went below, the others, who had to. keep the deck, bang together walking in twos and twos, one pair in the gangway, another on the -forecastle. The shadow of death was on the little ship, snd where the tarpaulin was the darkuees bung deep, and as often as the spot was passed the footfall was softened, the low voice sunk lower yet into a whisper. It would be mere imagination, of coursa ; yet the whole thing appeared as though accen tuated by the night; by the Bteady Bolemn burning of the ata.ro ; by the delicate swell that underran the schooner with a melan choly respiration ; by the parting waters Stealing along in sounds of weeping ; by the spectral wings of canvas slowly fanning the darkness under the glittering heights ; by the light moaning noises breaking oat, from God knowa what part' of the interior of the gliding fabric. Even to thee, O tiny fragment of human els; there had come the. marvellous gift of death; the power of Bubduihg to the com pletion of thine inspirations whatever the eje could behold, whatever. the. ear could hear » - The triad shifted in the night. It blew, but without much weight, from the north- ward; and the eun'rosn upon the Golden Hope cio»e-han ed, leaning slightly, three points ofi her course; Fortescue, who, in accordance with bis regular custom, had turned the key in Agatha's door dvsrnight— with greater solicitude on this occasion thau he had before felt, for he greatly feared the perturbing infl tencs of the eorrowful events of the day upon b»r mind and the dominion of sorrow not less active in.' sleep than in waking— Mr. Fortescne on quitting his 'own berth lightly unlocked h«r door, and after listening intently for some moments, knocked; She answered by opening the door. She was fnlly dressed, bat hud not yet bound her h-ir up; it was like a sun-touched fountain raining oowu her back and over her shonidera, wondronsly plentiful and most daintily rich and radiant ; her beauty, pale and hard: with melancholy—with such melancholy as would possess a mind that was without memory, without s remembered past and the solace retrospection yields— met the vision of the lover with the nove'ry he wonld have found in a marble image of uis darling. There was a darkness uuder the ever gentle eyes, a! laognur in the droop of the lids". which told of a troubled night. He held her hand as he asked her how she had sleov Not well,' 'he answered;. 'I missed my h't'e oompanion1 — her lip quivered. ' Why, that was to be. expeoted, Agatha,' he said, calling her by her name, for there was something >n the stoninesa grief had out into her lace tna: to hia sene>tiverieae repelled the more endeariag terms he was used to employ ; but time that heals all wili soon' Mcnitom yon to the poor babe's absence.' Bhe looked down as though she disdained such an assurance ae 'hat, and said with BoaiMy movng lips, like one thinking atond ; i caused his death. Is w-b intended U should be so. Why waa memory taken irom me if it waa not meant I should be Blone— alone !' She raised h«r hand as though to press h«r forehead, bus touching her hair BnR floomarl J j r J I : mj k Vil l U U uuu 1L U4UKU1£ WUU »s j r' an< w''h a faint blush of confusion jne made as though to close the door upon ,8 cjergymaa , Will yon oome to the table to break- JCU? r aQa bring a tray here to i BiU oome . to. the table/ ehe.answered, i>ia said siftly, ' The little one willl be PteMt' 6'aven- it your wish to be 1 V t t enint ' raapoud'-d, with: an unusual vickneaa, turning towards him, ' certainly I Wlih to he preasnt.' - tni h» J®anoer checked him. otherwise he '3» .I0 a,|ked her to consider whether alin on' 'ha heart to witness the . '5®,nS of the little hammock off its plank, wnni a bL ar tbo 8za f 'ha men, all of whom hrALi?f wemb ed She came to the onl« ' table when the meal was ready, but n- 1' r®BPoniied very faintly end briefly to her 8 '''PM'tnl salute. Soring is was not aaif nmoQf to eperk, Wr-ek-, felt silent him- breakfast was got through with Mi ? ra un 0 dozen words between wa« A1"1 aui1 Ur Forte-cue- H«r manner h'ttrof- " WVks. who hart been re- charnrJI IIiaoy, "bservattons of a consolatory Willi. Jo ,B 'ru h is, be considered that of the ne eai>od too large a share ,vl-eBa "f advising th- clergyman and sioa reoue 1bUtferhirm, and F..X as OCCU- this ro J felt cbat bu "n parts in didJT0111 remain animsgined if he bim nnS jnf- bhe m'n<f ®0(1 bad given ' a delivered the opinions which formed W&kii.o; during his w.rch on deck, or his trsi «i,ni0I?en?ti beluw- However, there ttinv i„ I p ?r ,,t; Tbe 'nerp- esaihle some fleifroi . al tba,,'aC0 nd bearing that had lovim, i?ren Ln Fo- teacae th.i imua-sioned J10)68 bad hitherto csiled her by wn,1? 'e!t Weks also, as he Ofbaenn ktvg »way at a plate of rashers time 'onl ? uSty s9 of har ,rom time lye, to coruer of one protruding twain6 3alta9'. WM over 6be rose quietly, «tna kno8J S lrgym »n to say, ' Will yon the funeral?' ea %ta to 00010 on deck for T9j'ai0lv he answered. Hira® apn..8he went straight to her berth. tegsJnov.?! ding erect on bis compass- like debating v. u J Fo-tesca-:, as though' Passible for S' 1,9 speak; but it was 'Ef« said hi f k 0 keeP hl8 «'>ngue still. , 1 Never a ij?u8 8aw,f 'he. whisper taken to tw1fc 0 !i.evei ,'i,' 8ha had so; child, gadaha been ita: "own -" mother, thej.drowning of - it couldn ' have paused her more grief. Pityjt happened all tbi'a way down here. It wonldn't-so much matter if this sorrow had fallen upon her when we was evsn within a week's sail of England, for then there'd be all the interests of the shore close at hend to smother down her lamentations a bit, and, maybe, as Bill Stone thinks, to give her back her memory in which esse the joyBhe'dfindin racolieatinc of 'ee and beholding once again all them old satisfactions which Bhe can't now perceive, would make thia melancholy little job seem small enongh, thongh such is the natural gentleness of her heart that I don't mean to suppose she wouldn't always find it affecting.' Fortescne had too sweet a nature ever to show imoacience at the good intentions of others, no matter how distressing might be the form they took; bnt Agatha had inspired him with thoughts infinitely too deep for utterance to each a man as Weeks, and with fancies and fears which made him recoil from the mere idea of talking about h«r. Weeka's ambition to sblne as a philosopher and a moralist must therefore he baulked again. The clergyman, with a bit of com- mouplaca on hia lips, which, strive hia utmost, he conld not force into a smile, went to hia berth, and Hiram passing the back of nis nana wicn a long sweep over his month; and a slightly crestfallen look, fitted a mole- ekin cap to bis head and climbed on de k to relieve old Stone. Tbe morning passed quickly. It was now a quarter to eleven. The men were below ia the forecastle, cleaning themselves for the ceremony ; the young seaman, Joe Hall, was at the tiller, and Stone, in hia Sunday clothes, paced the deck with a sober, pions look npon hia face. The schooner, heeled to tbe extent of a stroke by the breeze, was sailing quickly but without noise, for the sea was smooth, and what small billows tbe wind set running were but li' tie more then larse ripples with carls of foam flashing out of their heads here and there, too light to breik with sound against the weather bow. The sun stood high and swung with glory over the foretopmast- bead in unison with the slow breattiiog of tbe ocaan. which kept the vessel regularly but very lightly swaying. The horizon went aronud in ice-Ilka eharpnesa of outline, for the morning air was extraordinarily brilliant' and transparent, bearing the eye to the nethermost horizon, whose distinctness magnified the cp3cious sphere of the light blue girdle, thus emphasising the loneliness . of the schooner upon that spacious field, by the immensity of the Burface that trembled in glittcriuzs under the high snd elsaminir heavens. There waB no bell to strike, but at 11 o'clock the word went along, and the craw by aft, collecting at tbe gangway, whither oae of them came— no other than William Breeches — bearing under bis arm a plank with the little body npon it, over which was spread the English ensign. One end of this plank he rested on the rail, the other he beld- Qe was . bareheaded, and kept his ragged, weather-seamed face bowed. They had, these plain merchant saiiors, bnt little choice of clothes among them ; their mourning must be gotten ont of polished faces and hair combed smooth, and clean shirt) washed in salt water, and, some of them, cauvas trousers who-e tarry Btaios defied tbe scrub, bing brash and tbe lee scuppers. They were promptly joined by Hiram aud Stone, the former, like bis mate, clad in his best suit, Upoa tbe skipper's long, gaunt, yellow face, grief, of a mate-like type, was nicety calcu lated to sit becomingly ; but had he been act ing sorrow all his life, no ezpre-sion of it he could have assumed would come near to a likeness of the manly, pathetic honesty of feeling yon saw in his eyes, wheq, after letting them rest for a few momenta on the' little harden, he tarned them upon the deck at his feet," gazing so till be had tautened his wide month ont of the twitchings in tbs extremities of it. In a few moments Fortescne came out of the companion with Agatha. The clergyman took his place close to the body. Tbe men backed away a little to make room, particu larly leaving a space for Agatha, facing the gangway. Her face was painfully white ; tbe most ignorant glance would have traced the marks of the grief the loss of the child bad impressed upon her. The hollows in ber eyes were noticeable for the darkness in them, and for the aspect of illnesB they gave to her. It was difficult to look at ber and not observe tbe fading that had happeued in twenty-foar hours, without guessing that there had been an artificiality in her island bloom, in the warm flashed tropic glow of beaaty tbat had amazed Fortescue to see in her, and that had lingered eoarce unimpaired down to tbe last week or two, when it began to dim to her secret fretting. She fixed her eyes on tbe ensign that covered tbe plank, and seemed utterly insensible to all things but the fancies tbat came to her trout the outline defined by the thin bunting. The Bailors looked at her slightly ; their respect waa too strong to suffer their glance to ap proach a Btare, and then again it was a moment to anbdue them and to sharpen their natural regret at the loss of the little one whom they bad watched, talked to, and learned to love, into briny pity' and a. rough sort of grief. Still they could not help peeping at her, for Bhe stood near; her colourlessness and fbrad gaze, her still, rapt .posture, invited their regard. It is frua that Archer had cleared their minds of the super stition she bad excited, in them, but the memory of the fancies they had had about her .'recurred. This was the girl, some of them thought in their own rude tonzue, who bad been beheld by that clergyman yonder, when at a distance <>f thousands of miles from her, kneeling upon the shore of the is'aoa, then rising and appealing to him to come to her ; from whom sickness had fallen aB a garment after memory had been shocked out of her by brutality ; whose past bad blackeued upoa her mind and was as dead to her as the infant npon the plank there, thongh in sleeping she could recollect, and standing under the starlight at tbe roil of the schooner look across the rounded sea to England from the Indian ocean, aud talk with her lover as if he were there inatead of being at her side, and appeal to him as if there were no sanity for her hut in slumber, though when she opened her eyes in' waking she tarned them like a blind woman npon him ! The schooner, swayed gently; at every man's foot his shadow swung, and in tbe . pause that fell, whilst Fortescne opened his book erp roiring it to read, yon would have heard nothing but the innumerable, whisper, ingsof the water, delicately seething and softly sliding past, as though there were spirits over the side answering in faint notes the muffled questioning of . the winds that hammed like the buzzing of flies heard afar amid the complicated cordage, and past tbe bolt ropes of tbe steady cloths. Mr. Fortescue began to read. It was a TftUlUini; uiuue vu uiuj, auu uio vuioo vraa iu»r, steady, and Bad, but sweet with cultivated ntteranoe. The moment be commenced, Breeche-i quietly pulled the ensign off the little hammock, ready for the final launch, since he eould not imagine when the word would be given ; having but tbe very Blenderent acquaintance, wrh the burial ser vice, and therefore seeing ' everything clear -' as a true sailor shonld, under all circum stances. It wa9 noticed tnat a shudder wrenched Agatha from head to foot, that her fingers cloBed into tbe palms as if tbe nail< would cut the fleh there, and that she let a breath fly from her in a passionate sigh that was like a faint cry to those who stood nearest when the hammock was exposed ; other wise she held herself steady with ber eyes rooted npon the little body. ; Bnt it was indeed a sight to melt any heart. Never had the blue: of heaven looked . down npon a tinier hammock. In its littleness mainly lay the appeal tbat stirred the men when the old seaman laid .bare tbe minbte ocean shrond. O'd Stone's eyes were wet, Hiram folded hiB arms tightly aorosB his breast aod hung bis head, and Archer, after a Bhort look at the baby outline, turned hia head aride with bis band over the face. '' Mr. Fortescne continued reading slowly, with a thrill running through hi voice for a j moment a- be lifted ois eves from the' book i aod directed them st the plank, bat old I Stone wae, observed to suddenly squeeze a i knuckle into his eyes and regard Agatha ! askant, but with a steadfast wa'chfulneas 1 of gaze that mut. have made you «ee hie I mind was wholly off the funeral, and that he | was thinking of nothing bnt wnat ne looked at A change had come over her. too She had : brukon away from her intent stare a the ' baby, and was now gazing at Mr. Fotteacue with a singular expression slowly entering her face, aod stirring in every twitch and line of it. and gradually dilating her eyes and lift ing her brows like a sl >w poison of madness working in her brain. No one appeared to notice this bat Stone. Mr. Fortescne rend : We therefore com mit his body to the deep to be turned into , corruption ' He p>iased.: 1'with a glance at Breeche, which the old man -instantly understood. With a quick movement he raised the end of the plank, and the - tiny white hammock flashed from the rail like a bird of snowy plumage taking flight. HaU at tbe tiller instinctively tarned his hesd to'look.over the : - quarter, bnt the passing water sobbing along I 'the bends had caught the bnbble and swept it \- into the ranshihe in the wake, and in :m breath ! h r symbolising the vanishment of j.p.e luile o.-.e ;u a manner fit truly to de-pn ,toe hope expressed in the words ' looking ? the resurrection of the body (when tbe sea ("hall give np her dead), and the life of the Christ ,t0 come' tbton8b oae Lord JeBua The clergyman was proceeding, solemnity i 'a rich voice now that the plank h,d been dlted, and the feeling was the nameless little stranger that had come to them for their love and ministration was at last truly at peace, and in the bosom of Him who had C illed him, when on a Budden Stone cried out, ' Mr. Fortsscue, look at Mias For. sirf Sue was standing as though . transfixed, with an expression on her of wildest as tonishment, that of ita own emotional force had given a colonr to her face. Her eyes were opened ro their fullest extent. Id was as if a spirit moved before her — something tnat had at first filled her with amazement like horror, though the terror was pa-sing, and the lustre of delight was dimiy sit ing through tbe astonished, half-incredulous, half-terrified Btare that she had fixed npon her lover. She tottered once or twice as if she wonld fall She Bought to speak, bnt her iips turued while at the eff'-rt, and her throat crimsoned as with strangulation ; bnt ere Mr, Forr-escue oonld spring towards her she had utt-red hie name, ' Malcolm !' at first in a choking cry, hot then ' Malcolm ! Malcolm ! Malcolm 1' thrice, in shrieks ; and with a leap she was npon his breaBt, her hands locked round his neck, her head upon his boBom. 'Agatha,' he cried, 'you know me at last. Your memory has returned to yon ! Beloved one, c-.ll me again by name !' H;r clasped relaxed. She fainted. "Tib the baby's doing,' said Stone, aload, looking round ; ' she loved him, and be repays her by giving her her memory back. It came with tbe launching of the hammock, I watched it working in her. Great God! how beautiful it i9 to think of a woman's happiness returning to her as a gift of love from the little 'an she'd been as a mother to !' and with working lipa and eye3 again brimming over, the old man stepped to the rail, and looked along the glittering fnrrow of the schooner towards the spot where the body uf the little one had vanished. Chatxek XLVI. — The New Dawx. It was the girl's second swoon in twenty- four hours, but - bis time there was a death- liness in.it that grew terrifying. The aabeu ptuur was ui njo grave, auu tnroiiga too parted lids the white of the eyes showed like a corpse's. For a moment or two Fortescne alone knew she had fainted; then Hiram, seeing what bad happened, sprang to help him, and between them they bore her below. Tbe momentary transport of joy in the curate turned to terror as he leaned over her, iooaening her dr-ss, whilst Hiram harried for water and other restoratives. Sue was pulseless Her bosom lay motionless as a piece of sculp are. He diew forth with trembling hand a little looking glass which he held to her lips, but it remained un tarnished. It was as sure as that tbe child was dead, as that the Bchoouer was npon the sea, as that the heavens looked down npon all, that she had recognised him, and that her memory had therefore returned. Was it possible that the mad leap of the revitalised faculty from the tomb in her brain in whioh it had been lying dead had broken ber heart ? Sudden joys, sudden griefs, have been known to kill, hut think of the power, the force of the emnr.ions which must have swept into her with .lightning, swiftness when the curtain was dropped from her mind, and her lover .-tood belore ber ! Minute after minute went by. Ceaselessly the curate m listened her brow, chafed her hand, did what he knew, with a prayer to God going np in every breath that left him ; whilst Hiram, grasping a etaucheon, stood erect, mute, and waiting. Once Fortescue fancied that there was a faint stir in the arm he held ; it passed, but it set hia agitated thoughts trooping along another road. 'Sup pose,' he aBked himself, ' that when she revives her memory will etill bo miesing, that her knowledge of me shall prove but tbe momentary glimpsa of a brain bo wrought upon by the nerves that its operation for the instant waB like the control it had held over her when she walked in her Bleep, aud answered me, knowing my voice, and pleaded to 'me, visible to her sightless eyes !' A whole half-hour passed, aa full to the clergy man of misery as a life time of suffering could have contained, and to the seaman stead fastly and silently watching of deeper anxiety that he bad ever felt in tbe wildest weather at sea Then on a sudden they heard a faint sigh, her fingers twitched, something of living colour entered palely into this time like the respiration of one dreaming sorrowfully in sleep - She opened her eyes, looked strangely about ber as though her rest had been induced by a powerful narcotic, until her eight comiog to Mr- Fortesoue, an expression of wonder, delight, amazement, brightened in < hem, aod she Bnddeoly eat erect, crying yet again with hands extended to bim, ' Malcolm 1 Malcolm ! My Malcolm !' He took ber in hia arms ; he conld not Bpeak ; hia full heart, gave way and he wept wi-h his face againBt ber cbeek aa he held her to bim. Captain Weeks walked to the com panion and stood midway on the steps with his head outride the hatch, where he was within call, though he could not bear their conversation, aud where he could act as sentinel. Fortescue mastered bis deep agitation after a little, but until he did so she did uot move. She felt his- need of conceal ing his face wbile he strove with his tears and even in tbat marvellous moment of tbe returnof her memory, and whilst still freeh and confused from her swoon, she soothed him with her cheek to bis, and left the sweet pillow of her ehonlder motionless for his comfort. But the instant he stirred, as if to lift hia head, she started from his embrace, and seizing bie hands, fell back to tbe length of her arms with a long, learning, searching "look at his face— a wondrous stare fir eyes bo foft and gentle aa here to fix, so fall was it of aetonisbment, inquiry, passionate delight conflicting with incredulity and breathless amazement. 1 Malcolm !' she said, in a low voice that thrilled with tbe feelings which her eyee looked.- ' M dcolm !' she repeated, in a tone that deepened bb it sank towards a whisper, ' ia it yon, dearest one T is it you, my own, fromWyloe? Where am II This is a ship; it is not the island' Bhe looked Blowly around, labouring to master the meaning of what she row, till she brought her eyes to rest again npon her lover. ' Malcolm,' she continued, letting fall his hand to press her forehead wi>b a gesture she had often used since hs- bad been on board the Bchooner, ' have I been sleeping ? .Do I still 'deep and dream? An expression of terror now swept across ber face, . obliterating its bright ex pression of intelligence, and she rolled her eye's hysterically. Forteaqne saw the taBk before bim. He had a will 'that had served him well on more than one ocoarion?" He exerted it to throat down but of sight and emotions which had overwhelmed him, and his fine intellect went swiftly to work to consider how he should act, how he should deal with the deli; cate, bewildering, dangerous problem that Agatha's condition of mind submitted. Tbe whole truth must craze her; he must speak with tbe utmost caution, for the pre>ent at least, since it was possible that the faculty of memnry might prove weak and treacherous after its long stupor; and it was certain, -at- all events, tbat her recent swoon must to a degree have enfeebled her miiud, which would require time and the growth of spirits in her, and nnstartled preception of the happiness that had oome b«ck from behind the veil to "recover its old tone. I 'Agatha,' he said, holding and caressing ber hand, 'you have phased through some strange experiences ; but it iB well with us both now, thanks be to Almighty God. Have no fear. All that bos happened is as natural at Borrow is, or the shining of the hud, or tbe darkness noon the earth when "the niubt comes. Your cleat eenee will pre- sently Bee all.' Shn interrupted him. ' Malcolm, the Veralam was burnt at sea, and I was placed in a b-at, the only woman in it — separated from my father. . The . boat . waa ewe -by-the boaMwai" of th ship, a man named Archer, who daring our terrible -offerings treated me with noble gondnes-. We reached an island. This man saved me <rom drowning ; f -r the b»at was overact io tbe eurf, and — and where am I now I Where i9 the island?' There wae again a look of consternation and amazement in ber wide- open eyes. ' Do not yon remember.' he said, gently, hoping to coax memory along in her, 'that I came to fetch vou from the island in this Bchooner, that I landed and found yon and Archer on theialmd, and bought ynu:»ff to this .vessel, telling yon that under God's guidance I had eongh and fohnd yon, and tbat we wer» going home, my beloved, going borne to der old Wyloe, and to our friends there, and to our marriage » v Hi hand trembled. He wonld have raited hers to his lips, but the bewilderment in -her face arrestedfhim and brought - him back to his.resolution of palmnnBi and self-control. ! 'No, I do not nmember.. Yon say yod found me on the ialuid. ' : Strange— I do hot remember !'< cud sue frowned in the fierce struggle with thought. - ' My darling,' he said,, etill speaking very softly, guessing the truch, ' tell me to what point does your memory carry you.' - She took her hmd fr ;m his, and leaned her temple) upon her fingers, shutting her eyes. After a little aha said slowly, and with intensity : 'I remember three men on the island. One was Archer; he was very good to ma Ha made a bed in a little cavern, He supplied me with foo 1 and water — suoh food as conld he got— taking care that I should never want. I remember the dreadful loneliness of thoBe days, tbe constant thunder of the surf, that would eound like a roaring of wild beasts whsn tbe night was still. I remember feeling ill — an ill ! and dreading tbat I shonld die before help conld oome, and that we shonld never meet again, Malcolm ; though I had but email hops that we should be rescued, for I often heard the men talk of the island being out of the track of ships — I remember that.1 There was a pause. She repeated ; ' Yes — I remember that. What has hap pened since?' Down to thia ehe had spoken with her eves closed, but when aha asked the Question she let fall ber hands and looked fall at her lover For some moments he did not know what to eay. It was as pUin to him by her manner ae was tbe silver splendour which lay upou tho skylight to hia eyee, that the revivicatton in her memory stoppsd short at her sufferings upon tbe island, bringing her down maybe— thongh he dared not inquire that — to her straggle with the seaman, and her swoon out of which she awoke with her mind blinded. All things this side, including that straggle, were a9 dead to her as her previous past had before been. He believed so, at least ; he could not look at her and doubt it. The mysterious mo-haniem of the ?itd had shifted i's burden of darkuees from one side of it to tbe other. Io was a marvellous thing for him -o witness in her, and he felt a nutnbuRPS comiog out of it into his heart, when with the rapidity of thought he con sidered that the recurrence of memory might be but a passing passional- effort of tbe soal ere it Iapted into a b acknesB that should stand aa a lifelong eclipse of- all recollection in her. Steadying hiB voice he said : ' My darling, you have passed through so much, eo much that ie heartbreaking even to think of, it t not wonderful that memory iu mercy should bide from you a portion of tbe oauviiugs vi yvue udu you reCdd any circumstance associated wi:h our pas« sage, bo far, from the island ?' She answered : ' 1 ,1o not know where I am.' - ' If I tell you,' hs exclaimed, ' that this is a little sailiog vessel bearing yon home to Wyloe, can you understand me ?' 'Ob, Malcolm, yes,' she answered, with a sweet smile. ' Do you recollect,' he inquired, ' a French ship asking ua if we would take charge of a little baby that her people had picked up at sea ?' 'No,' she answered, with a strained ex pression in hsr eyes. There was a shadow iog of tears, too, in tbe grey depths, with a hint of renewed terror growing. He oroke off in tbe sentence he had com menced, and cried ont : ' Agatha, deareBt one— some" things have happened which you cannot recall, but the true, the lovely, the Bacred p »st is with you again, with you with all its love, and sun shine, and hopes, with yon as I am, I who sought and found yoo, thongh you knew me not, and for weeks have not known me till this hour. It is eooogh for us, my precious one ! God has - answered my prayer. You know me — you remember me — you can pro nounce my name.' He flung biunelf on hie knees, grasping her round the waist, gazing np into her face with eyes of moving adoration ; while she, patting her hands upoa hiB bair, pressed ber iipa to biB forehead, and, speechless for many momenta, they gszsd at each other a9 though in a trance, amazement in ber sleeping for awhile nuder tbe brooding emotion of joy, slowly perfecting itself with the perception of the reality of hia beloved presence. Hiram, peeping down the companion way, enw them thus engrossed, and stepping on deck told Stone to keep clear of the cabin for the present, as thongh, for his part, he did not know much about love-making, he didn't need to be told that Fortescue and the lady were much too interested in the talk they had fallen into to desire to be inter rupted. . , ' D > she know him?' asked Stone. 'Like one o'clock, Bill,', responded Weeks. Guv him his name click out in a voice' like singin'.' . .. j ,, 1 T nlwava Raid »i littlA fhirifr 'rid dn'if: '' nald Stone. . ' A littl thing he wae, too. God receive him ! ae affectionate in his death as a holy angel, Hiram ; for take my word for it, 'twas bis love and gratitoo'd for all she's done for him as guv her back her memory.' ' . . , . The old man Bent a wandering glance into the blue distance over the stern. ' Ye'va made nse of tbat fancy- afore, Bill,' exclaimed Hiram,- ' bat I don't rightly, follow it.' Stone looked over the side : for a minute whilst he thought. - ' Well,' said be, ' I allow it's one of them fauoies bb must catch hold of the onder- standinz at once, because they 're too delicate for explanation. There's a good many idess aa is beat left alone if they don't make them. eelves intelligible right out of hand.' 'Aye, that may be right m-ngh,'. said Hiram, ' but see here, Bill ; I ain't a fool, matey ; and if a fancy's plain to you I don't Bee why it shouldn't be plain to me.' Now, old S'one exactly understood the fancy that had se'Z'd him, but when he came to trying to express it he was at a loos. As hs wonld afterwards say, ideas frequently occurred to him when" he was lying in his bank, or drowsily standing watch on a quier night, which seemed to him full of beauty and poetry. They were in bis mind, and be was able to think them out, yet he could ro more have expressed them in words than be could have transformed the reflection of a star into the- star itself How conld he make Hiram understand, having no language in which to share the notion ? ' His conception was that the devotion of Agatha had been rewarded by the baby in his death ; for' the coming back of ber memory at the moment of tbe child's bnrial was like a sudden ' spiritualising of her, and God's presence having been wondronsly visible in every passage of the schooner's tnisrinn, why should not a. miracle have been wronght throngh the instrumentality of the bairn — a miracle symbolising a woman's love and happiness springing from the ashes of the nameless babe she had taken to her blinded nearc, ana cnerisnea nut scone would nor. explain. He felt indeed, that if he should attempt to do eo he mast, flounder and per haps destroy to himsslf the fancy be was pr-'-nd of, and reckoned as . being highly poetical because it was his own. So he got rid of the subject by asking Weeks what Agatha bad said when she awoke from her faint, and this induced a cbat. abont the clergyman and MiBB Fox, incidents of the voyage, the time likely to be occupied ib reaohirig home, and so forth, which put the men elbow to elbow, and set tbem petrolling the deck with a sense of Sunday strong npon tbem, owing their being dressed in their best clothes, whilst the schooner, still off her coarse, pushed swiftly through the dark -blue waters with the shadows ever swaying like pendulums upon ber deck, and in the shining hollows of her Sails. . A long hour passed. Forward the men had finished their dinner, , shifted into their old tarry rigs, and . were at their , various employments. The cook with sulky eyes frequently peered ont of the galley in the hope of intimating by the expression on .his cbnntenanoe that the oabin dinner was. fast spoiling. Johnny came aft and wanted to know if he should lay th cloth ; but had the lovers chosen to remain together for the rest of thB day, Hiram would not have had them disturbed. At last Fortescue came on deck He was pale, but there was a look of peace and qaiet gladness in hia face which both Stone and Hiram instantly noticed. He approached them and said : : '.We have been selfish enough to occupy the cabin to your erclurion I find it ie long pa»fc the dinner hour.' 1 Ob, don't mention tint, sir,'. said Hiram. ' Mise Fox ia p'-w .lying Hon,', cm iuaed the c'ergyinan. 'I . doubt, if any girl ever went throngh more than she has. physically and mentally.' 1 San has her memory, sir,' said Stone, reBpectfnlly. ' Ay, Mr. Stone, thank God sbe has her memory,' exclaimed Mr. ForteBCoe. It has returned to her perfect down- to tbs dreadful eitcumetmce that caused ber to lose it, bnt of alt that ha happened since then she knows nothing.'- Nothing !' exclaimed Stone. 'Nothing,- repeated the clergyman; with solemn emphasis- ' Great thunder 1' bnrst out Hiram, comiog to-a'dead stand. , uf Don't she remember onr coming to her on the island, air f- cried Stone; No:' i-o 3 ' ' ;-! . ' Nor that whaling job r he continued ;. 'No.' weponded iheclsrgymsn- - - - ' Nof the "bd&y; T "Inquired " Hiram, in a breathless way- a : . ; ' It ia wonderful — .wonderful 1' exclaimed Fortescue,; clasping bis hands, yet . it is so. Sbe remembers nothing down to her swoon ing three hours ago- . Shs hag no recollection of the baby nor of its burial, which has just taken place, It seems incredible- I stepped into her berth before she entered it to conceal all memorials of the poor little one— happily, Mr. Stone, yon - had already removed the crib— so tbat the light questions I put to her to test the memory of the baby, and of other incidents connected with the passage from the island, might not win a significance to frighten her by proofs of the things I spoke to her abont, I will a)k yon, Captain Weeks, and you, Mr. Stone, to make no reference to the child, nor to anything whioh has happened since we left the island, in her presence. It is best that she should slowly realise that the memory which ought to cover the past few months ia a blank. There is notbieg to sore har in this, nor to alarm me ; indeed, I would ralher she should have the truth in in my own version of it. It is, I take ie, a special act of God's mercy that the horrible incident of her island life should be hidden to ber for ever, and aa a thing likely to keep her heart flftff it In wall narhnna Wp Sfnna ' looking at the old man witd. an emotion of affection kindling in his fine dark eyes, ' that the memory o- our poor little baby Btaonid ba sealed from her. Both Stone and Hiram knuckled their fore- beads in recognition of tbe clergyman's wishes, and then Stone said : ' If ehe has her memory perfect down to the point yon name, what more eould she need, sir, prowiding, of coarse, that she goes oa afresh from this morning without any more stupp.ges?' 1 Tnero's only this.' said Hiram, with a nervous look aloft - and a hesitating glance around, ' if Miss Fox has got no memory of tbie here woyage, ehe'il never be able to aDprsciate the way we made the island she was cast npon, nor the sailing of the G-ilden Hope, and her behavionr ia all sorts of weather.' '_0b, but Bhe will,' said Fortescue, smiling. 'Her present memory will enable her to preserve tbe reoolleotion of what I tell her touching the voyage, and that being so. Captain Weeks, it will be my fault if sbe doasa't fully appreciate the beauty of this little vessel, your skill as a navigator, and tbe loyalty and high qualities of our great-hearted old friend here,' and he laid his hand noon Stone's shoulder. _ rveti, sir, sata .stone, looaing as cnougo this condescending act of Mr. Forteacue would break him down. 'I cm only say from the bottom of my soul I'm glad — I'm glad things have tarned out as they have. I always felt as tbat a little thing 'nd do it.' 'Scone thinks the baby did it, Mr. For tescue,' said Hiram. ' Tbe lady's memory,' observed Stone, looking down upon the deck, ' a coming b >ck to her at the moment when the little hammock flrshed off tbe plank into the water, seemed to me as if it was tbe gratitood of tbe hinfant for Miaa Fox's cherishing of bim thac did it Hiram here don't understand,' continned the old man, with a glanca at the skipper, ' bnt that ajn't my fault.' 1 I understand,' Baid Mr. Forteacue, thought fully, and obviously impressed with the rough sailor's fancy. ' Well, it's beyond my laming,' exolaimed Hiram, Blightly vexed apparently by tbe clergyman's ready apprehension of Stone'B notion ; 1 but a ship's fok'sle ain't much of a oollege, aud so there's no call for me to 'pologise. Here, yon, Johnny !' he bawled, ' bear a hand now with the cabin dinner. How's her bead, Jim 2' The course wae g ven. 'Ha!' exclaimed Hiram. 'So she's come up to it. Bill,' said he, turning to Stone, ' if the tradeB ain't humming in onr rigging to-night yon shall call me a farmer, and watch'me pick me the hayseeds out o' my hair.' . (TO BE CONTINUED.) 