GENERAL NEWS The Concert on Friday evening last, the first of the series to be held fort nightly during the winter months, pas sed oft very pleasantly. A larger audi ence might have been desired, but those present seemed thoroughly appreciative. It iB not necessary, or perhaps desirable to go through the programme in detail' hut we may call special attention to Mrs. Craig's song " O'er the Hills of Normandie," Mrs. Horley's song " Old Fashions," and Mr. Parry's cornet solos '' Selections from LaSonnambula," and" Electric Polka." Mr. Morrell delighted his listeners with two of his popular comic songs, for one if not "both of which he was encored. Miss Wans - brough, Dr. Thomson, and Messrs. Hardman, Bower, Davidson, Spencer, and Lowe filled the other places on the programme. Messrs. Spencer and L"we introduced variety, the former by a Ghost Story, and the latter A y a recitation. Miss Monger with/ her usual ability performed the important part of accompauyist. Some of the mem bers of Mr. Morrell's String Band contributed selections during thejevening. The next Concert will be the usual one held on the 1st of June, as notified is our advertising columns, and for which a more extensive programme is in course of preparation. We hear it is intended to vary the entertainments of the popular Concert s by the per formance occasionally, ofjshort dramatic sketches. The W.A.G. Record of Thursday last, says:—The decrease which has taken place in our population during the first three months of the present year is anything but encouraging. No less than one thousand and four persona took their departure from West Aus tralia in the quarter which terminated on 31st. March while the number, of arrivals during the same period does not exceed four hundred and sixty three. This is to be regretted. It Bhows only to plainly that the colony is not advancing. When not a few of the people who settled down in West Australia are forced to leave it in con sequence of the lack of employment things cannot be said to be in a very bright state. It is irritating to think that, after we have spent large sums on immigration, several of those whom we introduced into the colony—as well as many others who came here of their own accord and whose assistance was equally valuable,—should seek " fresh fields and pastures newr" as soon as they have put together enough money to take them away. But no matter how much we may regret the departure of these people, we cannot blame them. They see no inducement to remain. Is it not natural, then, that they could go when they have an opportunity of doing bo ? We beg to direct the attention of the public to Messrs. Horley & Monger's advertisement in another column an nouncing one of their fortnightly •mar ket sales to take place on Wedr^sday next. The tenders for the erection of a footbridge over Bland's Pool close to day. The York cricketers have just ex perienced another disappointment in the way of cricket. A match was ar ranged to take place at Northam on Thursday, and the York team hitd, we understand, made all arrangements, However on Tuesday information was received to the effect that the Northam team could not possibly play. The footballers are following up practise here very closely, and muster in very good numbers. We understand a match is contemplated to take place very shortly between our local team, and a team from Perth, The tenders invited by the York Roads Board for keeping in repair the York- Guildford ana the Greenhills roads, close on Friday nest, As will be seen elsewhere the num ber of entries for the York Handicap to be run on Friday next are not many, unlike the Sheffield Handicap to be run for at Newcastle on the same day for wbicb have entered some twenty seven athletes. We have been requested to inform the public that Messrs. Horley's anjMonger's sale at the residence of Mi*. Thomas Davis will commence at 11 o'clock to-day. The work ill connection with the erection of theWeslev.-ui Chapel in this town is fast drawing t:»wards tion in a very satisfactory manner. The contractors hope to have the edifice completed within about two months time. Mr. J. H. Monger of thiB town is having a considerable quantity of fire wood sawn into cord lengths and des patched by rail to the metropolis for j RjUNis badly wanted in these dis tricts to assist the growing crops es pecially. Business generally is very dulL TpE Union Bank, Government Offices, and the Stores were closed on Thursday, the Queen's 69th Birthday. A well-known individual paraded the streets in the morning attired in his , Volunteer Uniform, with side arms etc. * Nothing of any importance took place to celebrate the occasion, beyond a game of quoits among the Railway em ployes, and a scratch football match Between the " small fry." Mr. Joseph Pyke reports that his eale at Maddington, the residence of Mr. James Wansbrough, was well at tended on Wednesday last, and bidding was rather spirited. Two draught horses fetched £47, and other lots reached good prices. A meeting of the shareholders in the York Gold Prospecting Syndicate was hoed at the "Castle Hotel:" athalf-past eight o'clock last evening. Mr. H. J. Horley occupied the Chair, and there were twelve others present The Chair man having briefly stated the business of the meeting, the Syndicate's Prospect or, Mr. Clark, gave a report of his re cent trip to Golden Valley, from which we take the following. He stated that soon after his arrival on the fields he pegged out a claim next to White and Stevens's, and sunk several trial holes but ultimately struck upon a well-de fined gold-bearing reef, seven feet from the surface, and 3 feet wide. He be lieves the reef to be one of the best yet discovered. Having remained at Gold en; Valley for some few days he pro ceeded some 40 miles eastward on a prospecting tour, but was compelled to return owing to the scarcity of water. The supply of fresh water on the fields is scarce, and has to be carted some 18 miles. There were when he left the Valley some 150 persons pro spec t l ing, and they appeared to be all highly pldaspd with the result of their labors. Mr. Clark is a thoroughly practi cal man in mining matters, he having had some twenty fyears' experience in New Zealand and Victoria. We un derstand he returns to the scene of operations some time next week. ___________ The remains of a human being were found a few days ago by Mr. G. B. Smith, at a spot about 60 miles east of Beverley. Information was at once given to the police at Beverley, who had the remains conveyed into York, which are supposed to be those of a man named William Smith, who left Beverley some five or six years ago, and was never afterwards heard of. ___________ The agricultural statistics for New South Wales (says an Exchange) for the year ended March 31 show that the total area under cultivation was 1,046 668 acres, being an increase of 60,204 acres. The wheat crop was over 389, 174 qcres, and yielded 4,694,646 bushels or 1,174,198 less than in the previous Mear, although the area cropped was larger by 60,000 acreB. The yiled was 12'06 bushels per acre. The area under maize was 171,656 acres, being slightly! larger than last year. The yield was 4,652,617 bushels, or 28.85 bushels per acre, being considerably below the aver age of the last 10 years. Very small areas were under barley and oats, which averaged 19 and 21 bushels per acre respectively. ' The hay crops "were much smaller than previously, the total yield being 220,000 tons from 170,000 acres. Potatoes yielded "61,407 tons as com pared with 45,803 tons in 1837, when the area cropped w:>» .sli»Mlv . less. Sugar caue was grown on 13.H / acres as compared with 5,9i.) in r.lie previa as year, and it yielded 23-3,oft! tons as against 107,969. The area devoted to tobacco increased from 1,203 to 2,346 acnes, and the crop from 13,G42cwt. to 22,5G4c\vt., while the vineyards pro duced 174,787 gallons of wine compared with 101,89.7 in 1887. The following are the handicaps de clared for the York Handicap to be run at the Athletic Sports on Friday next: 100\. 220, 440. J. T. Monger Scratch. i D. Jones 3 7 15 A. J. Monger 4 10 18 C. Mead 4 10 18 E. Husband 4 10 18 J. Bower 4 10 "25 J. Brand J 13 30 The following cases have been dis- posed of at the York Police Court dur- ing the past week :—William Turner, better known as "Chummy," was sentenced to one month's imprisonment for vagrancy. George Nicholls, better known as " To- by " Nicholls, was sentenced to three month's imprisonment for vagrancy. Thomas McGlinn, a young man, was fined 5s., for drunkenness. The following names have been add- ed to the list for whom unclaimed letters are lying at the York Post Office John Barkley, Robert Barkley, James Barkley, C. Bloom, T Candish, David Evans, P. Fields, W. Forbes (2). W. Gallamore, W. Mills, M. Merrick, and Patrick Sherry. The adjourned Annual Meeting of the York Mechanics' Institute was held I Igst evening, to which about a dozen members attended. The business of the meeting consisted of passing the' Balance Sheet, and electing Officers for the ensuing year. Eor the year ending; May, 1888, the Beceipts amounted to £46 Is. 10d., while the Expenditure I reached £45 15s. 3d., leaving a balance ' to credit of 6s. 7d., with the expectation of the annual Government grant of £10, Upon the proposition of Dr. Thomson, seconded by Mr. E. J. Mon ger, the Balance Sheet was adopted. The election of officers then took place, with the following result:—Patron : A. F. Thomson, Esq., B.M. ; Chair man : Dr. Thomson; Secretary .- Mr H. J. Hes, re-elected; Treasurer : Mr. F. W. Stokes, re-elected ; Committee . Bev. Bird, and Messrs. W. Dhisdale, G. E. Inkpen, J. Bower, K. Edwards, Jas. Hague, Jas. Hardman, A.Lowe, and H. Morrell. A vote of thanks was unanimously accorded the Bev. T. Bird for the very lively in teres tjhe had taken ( in promoting the welfare of the Insti tute while acting as Chairman. The Secretary's report as laid before the Committee • showed that the Institute had not made any progress during the past year as regards the iucrease of members, but that some twenty-five mines had been struck off the roll through non-payment of subscriptions, a^fact greatly to be regretted. There are forty-four members at present be longing to the Institute. [ A correspondent sends the follow ing :—An argument in favor of build ing a new church away from business thoroughfares. The Brunswick Street Wesleyan Church, Melbourne, is to be sold in consequence of the constant in terruption of the Sunday services by carriages and tramcars. An offer of £8,000 has been made for it, and a new Church will be built on a better site. We regret to have to record the death of a well-known resident of this town, which took place ou W ednesday morn ing last. We refer to the demise of Mrs. Tomkinson, wife of Mr. Thomas Tomkinson. The deceased had been lying in a very precarious state for some months-past, aud her death was expected at almost any hour during) the latter part of her illness. The deceased leaves a husband and six children behind, five daughters and one boy, to whom we. extend our, deepest sympathies in their bereavement. Her remains were interred in the Church of England Cemetarv on Thursday afternoon being followed to their last earthly resting place, by a mumerous and influential cortege. "We bave been requested to draw the attention of the public to the fact that at the conclusion of the perform ance at the Oddfellow's Hall on Fri day evening next a public dance will be held, the proceeds to go towards de fraying the eost of a a Piano for the Oddfellow's Hall. "We have been informed that two prominent members of the York Jock ey Club have signified their intention of resigning owing to the Race Course not being vested solely in the hands of the Trustees of the Club. DuEiNa last night some splendid showers of rain fell, which will he the means of renewing farming opera tions. which have had to be suspended owing to the dry weather. "We trust the districts generally have been blessed with a downpour. 