NOTANDA. T'icEnE are a good many things in our railway management that are not quit', clear to the average intellect: inter alia, why are the names of stations generally so placed that the light from the gas-lamps does not fall on them, no that they are ioditinguiost. able at night? Con. No. 1.-Why are tihe names of etations placed where passengers cannot coo them, by day or night, until right ti'reast of them, and when there is barely timre t,, jumnpt out ere the train starts agaiu? Would it oot be bleter if they were put in such positi os that at at a distance of say oue or too hundred yardns passengers could seo the name of thu station and gathe r tleir paclages ready to alight? Con. No. •2.-No doubt very many persons have wono di:red why these things are no; but it falls to omy lot to bring them under the notice of thle thousands who read your paper, in the fond hotpe that omrchow the conuntdrums may be brought within rauge of the colnlinio?nuer. The refusal on the ground of expenseo to send a contingent of our men to help Victoria in her cou tenary celebrations in too small nod insular in its nature to commtend itsoll to Auotralians who have anything likn the real union of the colonies at heart. Much " high falutin " iha been indulged in by both colonies as to the wisdom and advantago of federa tiou; but whenever the thing is approachecd in a practical fashion, we vie with our neighbours in the unmallness, the maninues, andti th pettiness of our motives for holding aloof. If the day should arrive, and there are those who think it is not far distant, when thie men of Australasia will be called upon to stald by health and home, it would be a poor policy fotr the difflrcu't colouies to endeavour to assumen an independent position, fighting as separate nations; and such a course could end only in ruin and disaster. Mir. Phil May, the prince of caricaturists and pencil genius of the Bullotin, has qritted Sydney for "fresh wiedo and pastures now," and in him the jonrnal has lost its bust and brightest spirit. About Mr. hMay's sletches there was always a freshuess and vigor combined with a delicacy very refreshing to look uponl. Lifelil;o in his caricatures, they were seldotm if ever offienive, oven when little poculiari tin, would be hit off, so that the subject himself could hardly fail in being amunoied. The bost effort of lbil puncil, " IIarmony," is a particularly happy and telling picture. Her Most Gracious Majesty thei Queen and P'ope Leo are represonted as playing an instrumncutal duet, her Mfajosty attuning the harp of Erin to his liolinesuu' flute, whilst "poor Paddy over. rore," who has rested his " caubeen" on the harp. standu on the left-haud eaorner in a most comical altitude, wholly unable to grasp the situation--a condition by the way shared by both English and. Irish sympathisers with the homo.rulo party. Twenty-soven goutlemon thirsting to serve their country nro said to have offered themselves as a hole. caret on lho altar of the now railway commission. Theor is soinnething exquisitoly touahing in this, especially when we remember that the offices are to be fat and well paid; at the smoo time no one doubts the beautiful disinterestedncss of the patriots who are willing to sacrilioo themolveos. It would, bo interenting, if not impertinent for the publio to be furnished with a list of the would.bo victims, with niames and addresses in full, so that some idea of fituess and qualification might be arrived at. It was once said of our colony " that whastuovr fails ill Noew South Wales, olo licks theo world for brains." Somo pIeople think the substitution of "oheck" would be more voracious it lona poetical. In any event it wotult seem that ihs importing of a man was a super l1uity wli-s wse have the ready-mnade article on hand ill such quantities. Thle frequent interruption of the cable, ospeoil.ly at a period wheu tlio gravest fearn nro entertninod of a Euiropasu complication, go to show tlro urgent. necessity of a duiplicate or double line betwoon Australia and London. The neod of this has boon so lften and so forcibly doemonstrated that no frenls arguments can be used in its favour. Some four or five years sinue the priopriotors of the Evening Nows. in conjunction with Mr. Henniker IHeaton, addressed a meimo. to our government advocating a duplioato line, but withll a better, ehoapor, and safor routo.t The proposal was listened to, some promises made then quietly shlved; sinceo this nothing has beeon done or orven aerinusly oianidered, and inl thbo face of the most tronuendous possibilities we are loft dopunding upon a roundabout method of communica- - lion liable to brealogo and interruption any day. Such is thei wy our rulers avail themoolvos of bthe means sociono has placed at their disposal l I don't oner a solitary dump about thae upar 'natural, for no doulbt Byron was right in dooming. \---- Tlhat sout nld body oi thel whol Are odds nat ainst oul dio n t sotl iod! soil. Accordingly I no pl1ropnrol tl t loltl any half-dozen ' ghiosts my own weight, tno down t'othlr comn on, and barring neither creed or color. All I stipulato in that they shall be real Ilhoss--ot flsah and blood impostors, who might be too many for me. You will find that when from evil motives live scoundrols try to panlm themselves off as ghosts, a revolver bllot hasn a wondrousely sonothliug offot on the tronlrlad spirit, and porhaps produces a real ghost, as hamlet would have done if he had boon lot. WY, all know the line . By heavetnI ltl lakt a gmi?bt of himn that lots ma; and thu excltmation Irom thie gallry And what will you do it Ihe won't t lt you ? Though not afraid of tho suporratuiral, I confess to feeling particularly weak nai nhuman in thoproa. sneoo of grand convulsions of nature, Lot a real up. olanding ghost appear, llnd you won't turn your banck; hl'll find you are thres ; but let an oarthqualte put in aou apearaune and whero are you? In the one case the ghost cn't help himseolf ; in the other you can't helolp yourself : whilch is tho differonce between a ghost anud an earthquakeo. The loader in your Saturday'n insue points out some objecrotions t, to the o-callod Property Tax Bill. Allow me to add another. It proposes to authoriso the ianlks to nlralnrglo to their customers thir nmount of theIl tax on deposits. The meaning of' the werd "sureollargo" in " to overload, to oveorchargo, to overstokl." Thorofore if thin pnosses without amendmnct, tihe blanks oeed not beo antisfld with charglng what is fair to their customers; they will' have distinct and positive legislativo nanction for overcharging them. This in thl first open and uudisguised attempt I have mot with in thi loginlah tion o(f uny country to legalino dishonesty. Even despotia governmnnts try to cloak thoir tyrannous edicts with thie nemrblntoo of justioa. Blt hlro we have a deliornto, rublrhlring attompt to longalia tim proticeo nf ovorclharging. In my tino I've had a deal to do with the eaorth rquak-or rallther hie Irns had a deal to do withi me. The firt timne I wans attacked was in Lime in 174l. whelon that olty wasn destroyed. IIHaring thant thP Portugnrese do not oneo for washing themselves, to Iro amongst kindred spirito . wont otaLisbn.. The oarthquakn foIllowed meo, and irt 6511 de?oroyed the city withl about 8h,00o of my (rtO, I got off how over; and fog twit rir thlrco ?onerPma'os, had only mminor Ibrnshos with the or:tmy. At last he oponod nIothing atirtling souhi. pImunibly hlrappn. But yostor. [Iay (Thursndy) lrorno won a -olt- and apron fair; and t.. .. mornng (.riaay) at 0.15 I wsa rudoly aineloned Uby my ultd onm y rumling along in osmlethiog likeo lila old fic, Grmaoo-oman n style. I don't know what Pro donn to b tbsr pornoonttud: I noover sold hina Iors. 1naow want panoo; no 8mg Iris pardon an..-wlatever it in-Ilornuio I ron't do it again. Can any ruoeonobl cam rllqanlto douiro more? Tie normvicou at theo anaig rink aro at tiros nun. doubtadly very ntortnmting nul oton f naffoird a great onal of adoneiun to a i itorse but I am told thelir ptrtitthtttrmntruo are not comparablo witi thone of a well. linown anrd ratlrer hurly oih-inn who Lire a prlvalt rooim and hroso retiring dispootlon will not allon im nto wlte part in prblir, nuhi lonss to interFior with thn floor-p?onao. Hi orthrtainmento are opsn only to ir fos, nwho nran pponcd to bh nonductoro and tol rolovu one nother at intervals. I hop veory Itortdly to son hibn mnlta in drbtrt. Bomr on nowot you a nmplo tio Pilgon-aEngIlorh: how will this do to iop thle ipurllo unhool nraduatoa goin ? "Now plheo s toll ma ndat are so long tIme you over gie n oane order to un I am very sorry oe tit I nishi er ahnd if haii asnit chop or not right of my priloa yoi may reply nhos I ans do it so tlat 1 like thosn do Ianicrnn isit you a long tIme But you- nln,1 getting at all to ie and yn ooming doawn Sydnoy to eoon mi rn rther day nud I very torry oannot to mno yru at thln thrn ploanso exuao mo I am obligel yourraolf thi iso prosntl at all." Commont i soupor flungu, 