TBE YlNBTOlv CONSPIRACY. HOW A GREAr MUTINY WAS STOPPED. (KEW TOBCBDN). Many yrars gi>, before the English gave up Tasmania aa a penal colony, I wee a cabin boy on lbs An- Italian packet Quern Bra-. 1m those Cays every packet to Australia wae crowded with emigrants, Boldiera, and adven- luirte, tr.ci OL'tbir occasion our parsrnger 1»b ban 11 grat. msDy ot tbe latter. .There aremt-d to be a irguLr heigra of bad mer Iron. Livetpcol am London about that date. aid I'll vriitur to eay we had fifty on board who bad no respect to r tbe law of tbe land or the btgb teas Tbiy were fighting among tb> nirrlvf s before we were out ot sight ot lunri 'nmi 1 hfiAifi fh« enntain nuwinn n V,<. firet mate that tbe haudcuffa and shackles should be made ready .and the brig over hauled, tor it was likely ihat some of tbe gentiy mue 1 soon be taken care of. The brig is tbe lockup on board of a ship, st.d in tnoee eaya every packet had one provided, and on long voyages tbe brigs were mucb UBcd. I was thirteen yearB old the day we left Liverpool, & 0 I bad already made one voyage tu Australia, and return with Captain Flemiiiing, While we carried three cabin hoys, I was engaged to wait on the captain June. H- waB very kind and fatherly to me from the firs' day I eet foot on his ebip, and I bad -'a much pleaeanter lot than usually falls 10 <be boy who takes to the sea for a living. I don't eay that I was any keener thau the average boy of my age, but some how when 1 came to look over our crowd as we were about ready to sail, I bow trouble ahead. Tw,. or tbree trifling incidents helped me to make up my mind to thiB. Most of tbe sailors who bad been the other voyBge bad re-snipoea Tor tnia one. 1 here waB one whom I positively bated— a tall, evil- eyed, hang-dog fellow — and on the nighi before Bailing, aB I was d< iog an errand for tbe fitBt mate, Mr. Cotton, at a public-bouse near tbe dock, 1 saw this, sailor and two evil- looking landmen in close ennversurion over their ale. It so happened that I stood near them while waiting, and I heard one of the men address the -alio with : " Now, Bill, it is all understood." " Yes." "It tbey come aboard we are to help 'em take the ebip !" " We are." " The women and children and ench others as don't care to ' join us are to be landed some where, and then for a free-and-easy ltfe." . " That's the talk, mate," exclaimed Bill. " And it is to be an even divide of cash ah around I "put in the second landsman. " It is. We »hall have to have officers, of course, butone man will be as good na another, and it Bhall be share and share alike." " Aud how many men have you Bounded?" Bill spread biB great, hairy band on the table and counted iff hie fingers : and Whistler — and — but I gues that's all. It's too early yet. When you want a man fur desperate work don't give him too loDg tu think of it." At this point I was called away, and when I returned to the ship I went 'direct to the captain's cabin and related all 1 had heard. Some Bea captaioB in their arrogance and conceit, would have covered me with eon- tempt. Captain Flemming listened atten tively nntil I had finished, and then he sent me to call Mr. Cotton and Mr. Johnson, tbe latter being the second mate. I had to repeat the conversation for their benefit. " What do you know about Bill, tbe sailor ?" asked the captain. . " He was in my watch on tbe voyage home," answered the Becoudmate, "and 1 put him down for a vicious, mutinous doe. Nothing but a blow from a belaying pin will kelp him alODg when he ia in one of hie moods." Mr. Cotton didn't take mnch stuck in my story. He was one of tnose opionionated men who never take kindly to anything coming Becond hand. Mr. RobinBon believed I had overheard all I said, bnt scorned the idea that there we any plan against the ship. They were ordered to keep their eyes open in every direction from the boar we sailed, and when they had gone the captain turned to me with : " Now, Albert, I am satisfied in my own mind, from the character of some of the passengers going oat with ns, that a plot of some sort iB hatching. You can come and go without suspicion. Beginning to-morrow, I want you to keep circulating through the ship. Keep your eyes and ears open a ay and night aud you need do no other work. Whenever you hear, or see anything sus picions let me know.' MoBt of the roughs and toughs came aboard at the last hour. Tbey had lots of friends to take a parting drink with, and four-fifths o( them were worse for liquor. I stood at the gangway and sized eacn one up as they came aboard, and I woudered greatly that tbe officers didn't seem to notice wbat a rough crowd they were. The fact that nearly all of them seemed to know each other waa in itself a sesi icious incident, at least to my mind I no ed, also, that in the first hour of sailing many of the toughs seemed to be acquainted with a round dozen of onr men before tbe mast. From the hour of sailing I was tbe ghost of the ship. I was engaged in a work which interested my whole nature, and I was too excited ro sleep more than an hour at a time. While I had access to every part of the ship, I spent mot of my time either with the sailors in tbe forecastle or the passengers in tbs steerage. I remembered the faces ot the two meu I bad seen with Bill in the public- heuse and realising that they wonld beat the head of any plot, I bung aronnd them like a coast fever. We had been out thirteen days before I picked up a single word, and by that time I had almost made myself believe that I had brought tbe captain a cock-and-bull story. Indeed, tbere were hours when I doubted if I had heard tbe conversation in the public- house which I reported. In going among tbe ateeiage passengers I put. on au old suit, and those people supposed I had parents aboard and waB goiDg to the new laud. I also assumed a trifling way and it was common enough to hear them eay to each other that I waB I'ght in the upper etory. I hung about the two men a great denl, and as I made them presents of tobacco and ran errands for them, they never drove me away. It was on the afternoon of the thirteenth day that the men were. sitting on their cbesta, nd I pretended to be asleep on a bonrfle of stuff near them, that they were were joined by three other men. The five were quite by- tbemeelveB. and they had no sooner come together than Bill Baid : " I have good news for you. We have twelve sailors won over, and there are men among the passeueera .fit to command a frigate who will gladly ioin with ub when the time comes. Ho maoy names have yon got down, Dick? " Thirty-eight," replied a gruff voicz, which I knew to briong to a short, broad -backed man with red hair and tbe look of a orize fighter. " Since we star'ed out some of the men have turned chicken hearted and are afraid of the noose, bnt as soon as we 9trike blow there are eix or eight more who will be with ub." " Thirty-eight and twelve are fifty," mnsed Dick. " Thai's crowd enough, if we move together, and move right, to caDtnre a man- of-w»r. It's too early to plan yet. We'll just keep onr minde made np. watch the officers and paseeueets, and fonr weeks from now will be time to eettle the details." There was lots more talked, and when I could get away and have an interview with the cptain in bie cabin I told him bodi things which made his eyes flash. He folly realised that a plot to capture the ship was hatching, but he had several weeks in which to prepare to checkmate it. and was not in the least rattled. He cantioned me to say nothing to tbe mates or to any of the passen gers, and ordered me to continue mv espio nage of the suspected passengers. We h»d on board, if I remember arigbt, about 150 soldiers aud citizens as fist-class passengers. The soldiers riiimhprnd nhnnt. tlnirt., Tk... were perhaps twenty young men who were going to tske Government pos's The re=t of the first-class paseengera were toui-t-. -p-cii lators, r&Dcbmen;, and women and child. I looked tbe lot over very thorouvHi. H,in made np my mind that we had from sixty to seventy men among the first class who could be depended on to etand by the captain. Tbe emigrants counted np folly 250. but tbere were no' over fifty men. A good thirty of the lot were single women going out to take service, and tbe rest were wiveB and children. I figured that there were on'y seven men in the steerage who wonld fight for tbe ship. They could not well be counted on, however, for a C"uple of the rnffi-nn armed with pistols, could hold them in check when the hour came. Wr-hnd eoroe twenty- six sailors, a carpenter, a boatswain, a doctor, a steward, fonr cooks, and two mates. If -II were loyal and tbe ship was no- taken by enrprire, tbere were men enough to nut the mutineers down pretty quick. But all were not Lyal. Twelve of the sailor, had a'ready been won over, and when the hour came to strike it was likely the number wonld he increased to twenty. I figured, and I think the captain did too, that it wonld be about an even thing in numbers. After I made my -fcond report to bin. lie' gave me ordera U clean np all the fire aims and load «!» »twb. TficM were ill kpt id hit cabic, ttftetbet with lot ef cd )&! Vzxi boftrdirp too I'tpect io rayt cn tbe aeapoi a without any one being the aiser Tbe hip fcad twmty mntki ta end as many cinLsi.es and piksa. The mnekets w'eie or oic pattens purchased at a safe of condemned sfore. and I couldn't ssy ety better of tbe cutitBs and pikes. The ship die noi pretend lu 1 e aimed for either wsr ut pire'es. I sot the weapons in the fciet shape, and then rtimi 'd to my fcrmtr duties. Wbn tethered the csptain «bb to know wtep <he attack was to be made, and be ccuid htrdiy see the object ol ,-re. No eene D-nii, no marier how tough be was, could think of capturing tbe ebip and playing pxaie wif ti her one nac no ctu non, and in b few days at most would he burned duan ) j some war vrseel. Mr. Cotton bel eved tb.re was some plot to which the capture of the ship w»b only a part, bnt, try bb bard as I could, Ict uld not get at the now until long weeks had passed, and the remainder of out toy age a as only a question of cays. Then, one day, 1 got it quite' by accident. I bad gone info the forecastle at noon 10 see what I ccuid pick up Bmong tbe sailors I crept into one of the bunks and puhed a blanket over me, and in about an hour, or after the w»tch below had eaten tbetr dinner, ib> ruffian who bad done most of the tblking with our Bill in the public-bouse came down to ii.e men. It was againet orcete; but he bad omehow slipped part' the mates. 1 now b.ard htm called Sam. It seemed 1 bat all the watcb below, aa well ae a tart of that on duty, weie in tbe plot, and tbey mare no noneB of speaking. My preBenca wae, of conree, unsuspected. Then came to light what was afterwards Lnnnrn »k»A«raknnf H!no1finf( do thffi ' ' Uiriuf/in Conspiracy," of wbicb tbe papers were toll for months. John Winston, a noted end weabby sporting man, wa convicted of robbery and sentenced to penal servitude. Be h»d a brothor James, wbo ir terea ed friends in an effort to rescue bim. Some were in for money and some for trie love of adventure. It took tbem a year or more to lay their plans, end the money nsed iip amounted to over £15,000. Three or four of the conspirators seenrtd places as guards in tbe peD&l; colony, a sloop war purchased of a coast trader, and when tbe Queen BeBS Bailed she took with her aa passengers tbe rest of the gang. It was to be calculated in Aus tralia when ehe wonld appear uff tbe coast. Winston and other hard characters were to make a break, secure the sloop, and Bland out to sea, When they met the Bhip tbey were to run her aboard, and, with the help of the gang in tbe steerage, capture her Women and children, and such as would not join them, were to be put ashore on some island »nd the ship headed for America. It was confidently expected sbe would reach that country in safety, and there was no law which would eive the pirateB up to justice. The Queen Bess wae now withm five days' sail ot tbe coast, and Sam had come down to arrange tbe particulars, be believed the officers were in total ignorance of the plot, and had no doubt of success. All were to be on the watch for the sloop, and as soon as she was sighted every mutineer wae to appear on deck. If the eloop showed signals of distress and a boat was sent off, then the ship wae to be taken while the boat was gone. If tbe sloop ran the ship aboard, ae if by accident, tbe fight was to be. in the moment the manoeuvre waa, pot into execu tion! Everything was given away, and I lay there and beard every word, and afterward got out of the forecastle without being noticed and reported to the captain. Hie first move wae to call the mates down, and afterwards such passengers as he felt certain of. Very luckily for ns, there waa a trader aboard who was taking a lot of revolvers out to Australia, with otber traps. Tbey were tbe American Colt, and were a novelty then. He had twenty- four of them in his trunk, and when they bad been taken into the cabin and loaded we felt certain what the outcome of the mutiny wonld be. The conspirators were no donbt supplied with pistols and knives, but we had eix shots to their one. Nearly every male passenger was taken into the captain's confidence, and it spoke well for their discretion that not one single bint of what was taking place reached the earB of the fellows impatiently biding their time in the steerage. There were no loopholes left for accident, Captain Flemming carried uchalook in hie eyes as I never saw before or after, and he had firmly made up bis mind that not one of the conspirators who raised a band against tbe ;sbtp should live to be tried for piracy. At 10 o'clock in the forenoon, when we were about a hundred mileB off the coast, a trusty sailor wbo bad been sent into tbe forerigging, ostensibly to make repairs, bnt in reality to watch for tbe sloop, came slowly down and reported her in sight from his elevation. In half an hour more she wonld be visible from the decks, and the conspira tors would then make ready. Daring tbiB half hour tbe revolvers were distributed, the loya1 passengers placed at advantageous points, and the eailors who were in the plot were sent aloft on one pretext and another. They had no other weapons but their sheatb knive, and one man with a revolver conld hold four or five of them in the riggiDg. When the sloop was at last reported, we Baw a movement among tbe conspirators and knew that they were making ready. They were sharp fellows, and I am free to say that bad we not known whet tbey were up to none of tbeir actions would have aroused euspicion. The eloop was coming down with tbe wind, while we were making long tacks to Btaroosru auu pur., uuuer iut»e uirunni stances she could not well lay us aboard. Up went a signal nf distress as soon as she thought we conld see it, and she was brought in to the wind to wait for ns. We made a reach to the north, and then as we came back on the otbpr tack we swnug into tbe wind not a cable's length from tbe sloop. Sbe wsb a umall craft, her decks not more than 2ft. above water, and there were seven men to be seen above her rail. Our captaiupicked up hiB trumpet and Bhouted — " Sloop ahoy I Wbat sloop is that ?" One of the men made a trumpet of bis hands and shouted back— " Tue Annie of Sydney." " What's your trouble?" " Sprung a leak and going down. Send a boat aboard and take ub off." The captain had planned for this, and the boat was all ready. There were irons and muskets under the seats, and the third mate and two of the disloyal sailors and five- true men were told off to go in her. No soonor bad tbey left the ship than the mnBketB were produced, the mate informed the two sailors that tbeir plot was discovered, and the boat pulled straight for the sloop. When sbe got alongside, tbe five armed men clambered up, nni) flr a brief conflict, in which Winatnn was killed, tbe other six surrendered. Meanwhile we had our hands full aboard the Bhip. As soon as the boat palled away Sm gave the signal for the uprising, and inside of a minute the conflict was raging from foreca title to cabin doors. The orders to passengers were to shoot to kill, and they obeyed. It is due to the conspirators to ssy they made a brave fight. Had we not been fully prepaied for them they wonld have taken the ship in fiveminntes. AsitwoB, they billed two men, wounded five, and kept the fight going for ten minn>es. - Then it waa devil take the hindmost while they songht hiding places. Only two Bailors actually participated in tbe attack on the ship. These two and tweutythree of the conspirator were shot dead, and of tbe seven others wounded five died before we got in. The rest of the gang were hunted up one by one and clapped in irons, and were trhd and banged on land. Three sailors suffered with them, and the teat were let off. There wasagteat overhauling of officials at Tas mania, a rigorous punishment waa meted out to the recaptured oonvicts, and for the next five years Captain Flemming and his good ship were the talk of the land and sea. He gave me due credit for my share of the ornrtr. fli fltan riiH t.ha nnhlin nrtri r>in nnnnsn " | » »» sua vnuoio of the Queen BeBS, and the voyage home was my Let I lelt the ship's cabin for a scholar ship at Eton. 