Grape Shot. Ban rises 4.52, sets 6.42. MOOD sets 2.56 to-morrow fall on.Monday next. morning; Holidays for 1886 over—till Christmas. Circuit Court draws near. Those Kopperamanna aboriginal wizard-killers to be disposed of at last. Our cricketers got soundly <!r. escd down at Wilmington on Friday. Aboriginal lunatic before Police Court on Saturday. Last of the wool abipfl gone. The Neleebee towod out the John Rennie on Monday morning. Mr W. 0. Bennett, of Port Lincoln, haB been gazetted Returning Officer for Flinders, trice Mr Brown, deceased. King Milan has divorced his wife at considerable risk. A popular revolt is likely to follow. England, France, and Germany have resolved to blockade the East African coast conjointly, with the view of completely suppressing the slave trade. Sir W. F. D. Jervois, Governor of New Zealand, has resolved to retire into private life. The Captain of the Port Melbourne Football Club was lately sentenced by a Bench of Magistrates to three months imprisonment for atsBaulling a policeman. He has appealed and got the conviction quaBhed, Rumored that Bismarck wants to resign the German Chancellorship on account of bodily infirmitioB. It is tolerably evident that he does not find Kaizer Wilhelm as easy to steer as the old Emperor. Dr Moore, Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, Victoria, has come back from Europe in the Ormuz, bringing with him four Redemptorist fathers, nine fathers of the Order of the Holy Ghost, and 23 Sisters of the orders of St. Bridget, Nazareth, and Loretto, who will undertake teaching work in the diooeBe of Ballarat. The Glenelgites complain that their jetty iB not lighted, now that the P. & 0\. j steamers do not call at the Bay. They | deputationise tbe Premier to keep the tire jetty lighted as before, because the I Corporation can't afford tbe expense (£54 per annum). Playford replies that he will hand the jetty over to tbe Corporation entirely, if Glenelg likeB. Glenelg does not tike. Poor Dinizulu is in hiding somewhere in Znluland, trying to dodge a warrant for bis arrest. Carious exemplification of tbe march of the times, when a savage chieftain is being bunted by a bailiff through the thorny scrubs which were Baldwin^ wild elephant hunting grounds a quarter of a eentury ago. The Victorian Assembly passes a Bill prohibiting Civil Servants from doing any outeide work. The Sydney Assembly has voted £699,000 for public works this year. An Englishwoman who married the husband of her deceased sister has applied for a decree annulling tbe marriage, and Judge Butt has granted a decree nisi. Twenty BtudentB of tbe Warsaw (Poland) University, a Polish Judge, and a number of Russian officials, ,have been arrested for conspiracy. Earl Onslow is to be the next Governor of New Zealand. Last year be was Under Secretary of State for the Colonies in the Salisbury Ministry. Poor Cleveland's Anti-British manoeuvres have failed to convince the United States voters that he bates England, and consequently they have voted for Harrison. No wonder Cleveland is wroth with Lord Sackville, tbe British Ambassador at Wash* ington, who, when Cleveland issued bis " Retaliation" manifesto against Canada, let daylight into the move by remarking that it was a mere electioneering dodge. Edinburgh University has returned a Conservative member to tbe House of Commons, unopposed. New South WaieB has spent £18,000 np to date, on tbe Melbourne Contennia Show. Boarke, on the Darling, haB been luxuri' ating in summer weather. Thermomete r llldeg. in the shade. Tbe Riverina shearers are not afraid of sunstroke, apparently. They decline to contribute to the Bourke Hospital, which is so bard up that it will probably have to shut up for want of funds. Tbe great pigeon match at Melbourne' first prize £500, twelve birdB each, first | miBB out, resulted in a tie of four. Smith and Houston, of Victoria, Ellis of N.S. Wales, and Grosser, of Gam bier, killed every time, and divided the stakes, taking £112 10s. each, and shooting off for the £100 trophy, which Mr Grosser won, at the 16th bird. The Government will consider the amendment of tbe Game Act during recess They do not however, consider it necessary to " protect" the kangaroo, or to make it penal for anyone to offer for sale tbe skin of a wallaby under two years of age, of a female sea!, or of a dog seal tinder 4 years of age. The Ashmore was got off the Troubridge Shoal undamaged last Friday, after tbe Protector, the Yatala, and tbe Eleanor had tugged desperately at ber for some time, after Borne lightering had been done, and the Yatala bad grounded also. George Syme, of Lilydale, Victoria, was hanged at Melbourne last Thursday, for shooting his mother-in law. The Govern- ment would not reprieve him, and he enjoyed the distinction of being the only man hanged in Victoria during the Australian Centenary year. There was a good deal of looting done at the Broken Hill fire. If tbe Electoral Bill comes up for a second reading (about which there are very grave doubts) Ebenezer Ward will move to refer it to a Select Committee. Moule asks tbe Government to provide water for tbe travelling public between Alice Springs and Paddy's Hole. Second reading of tbe Corporation Bill voted in the Assembly on Friday without division, and 140 clauses passed in Committee. Tbe House is beginning to wake ap to the fact that Christmas is close at hand. Fifty nine electors in the Gawler Plains district petition against tbe Barossa water scheme. They need not be afraid that the Government will adopt the scheme. Playford declines to say whether, in adopting the Civil Service Commission's recommendations with regard to the Destitute Board, he means to cast any reflection on that body. He wants time to think over an answer to thia question. Tbe Hon. David Murray has got four months leave of absence from the Legislative Council, and requests that during his absence his Parliamentary screw be paid over to the Adelaide Hospital. The Government propose to bring in a Bill next season to amend the compulsory clauses of tbe Defence Forces Act—in what direction tbey depljqe to state. Land Bill finally passed by the Assembly after a closing protest from RounBevell and Howe. Truth Bays that the Queen is retrenching her bonsebold in order to save money for her grandchildre n. She has aboiished the Royal Hunt altogether. The CzBr has dismissed bis Minister of Railways on account of that train accident which very nearly finally disposed of the Autocrat of all the Bossies. The Newcastle strike, nftrr a run of 7G days, has ended. The strike puy was 1B. Id. per day to 5,000 men. The Czar, the Emperor'of Austria, and the King of Italy, will pay a return visit to Kaiser Wilhelm next spring. The Druids of Adelaide " demonstrated iaBt Friday. Great show of horsehair beards. Somebody who had backed Mentor for the Cup, sonde £2 to the Register for " charitable bestowal—a poor widow preferred." Municipal election time coming on. No signs of rabid excitement. Essie JenynB is retiring from the etage and going in for matriiuouy. The Central Australia!) Exploring and Prospecting Association disbands its party. Reasons—no discoveries, quarrels between Browne and East, and drought. Thirty Union Bbeerora made a rnid on Woodlands station, near Warrnamboo), Victoria, last Saturday ni^ht. Tli* pqatt-1 turned out revolver in htind, t>u't did not fire. He was disarmed, knocked down, and brutally beaten about the head. The non Union shearers were then carted 12 miles away and warned not to go back. The Victorian Rifle Association's meetting commenced yesterday. The Hamburger ebip Theodore Rugen bound for Sydney, collided with the Aberdeen steamer Nantes in the British Channel last Friday night. Both went to the bottom in a few minutes. Only two of the steamer's crew were saved. The Chinese Emperor is reported to be very wroth about the Australian Restriction Bills, and Lord Salisbury proposes to let him cool down before he openB diplomatic negotiations on the subject. The Mayor of Melbourne's inaugural banquet ^ was attended by the Governors 0f Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia, who all preached federation A new steamer for Australia has been launched at Middlesboro, and christened the " Eohuca." TEACHING THE CHIMPANZEE TO COUNT. —Mr George J. Romanes F.R.S, has sent an interesting letter to the Time*, from which we make the following extracts, in connection with recent discussions on tbe powers of counting displayed by savages and inferior animals :—About a year ago I began, with the assistance of the keeper, to instruct the chimpanzee at the Zoological Gardens in the art of computation. The method adopted was to ask her for one, two, three, four, or five Btraws, wbicb she was to pick np and hand out from Ptuong the litter in her cage. Of course, no constant order was observed in making these rtquests, but whenever she handed a number not asked for, her offer was refused. In this way the animal learned to associate the numbers with their names. Lastly, if more than one straw was asked for, she was taught to bold the others in hor mouth until the required number was complete and then to deliver the whole at once. This method prevented any poBsible error arising from her interpretation of vocai tones—an error which migb well have arisen if each straw had been asked for separately. After a few weeks' continuous instruction the ape perfectly well understood what was required ot her, and up to the time when i left town, several months ago, she rarely made a mistake in banding me the exuet number of straws that I named. Doubtless she still continues to do so for her ;t>eper. For instanc-, if she is asked for four straws, she successively picks up three and puts them in her mouth, then she picks up a fourth and handB over all the four together. Thus, there can be no doubt that tbe animal is clearly able to distinguish between the numbers 1.2,3,4,5, and that she understands tbe name for each. But as this r hiiupanzee somewhat capricious in ber moods, even private visitors must not be disappointed if they fail to be entertained by an exhibition of her learning—a caution which it seems desirable to add, as this iB the first time that the attainments of my pupil have been made known to tbe public, although they have been witnessed by officers of the society and other biological friends. I have sent these facts to yon, sir, because 1 think that they bear out the psychological distinction between sensuous estimation and intellectual notation. Any child, a year after emerging from infancy and not yet knowing its numerals, could immediately see the difference between five pigs and six pigs, and, therefore, as your writer indicates, it would be an extraordinary fact if a savage were unable to do so. But if the savage had to deal with a larger number of pigs, the insufficiency of his sensuous estimation would increase with numbers until a point would be reached at which, if he were to keep count at all, be would be obliged to resort to some system of notation—that is, to mark off each separate unit with a separate nota, whether by fingers, notches, or words. Thus there is counting and counting — distinguishing between low numbers by directly appre- ciating the difference between two quantities of sensuous perception, and distinguishing between numbers of any amount by marking each sensuous percep tion with a separate sign. Of course, in the above instances of animals counting, it must be tbe former method alone that is employed, and, therefore, I have not sought to carry the ape beyond the number five, lest I should spoil the results already gained. But a careful research has been made to find how far this method can be carried in the case of man. The experiments consisted ascertaining the number of objects (such as dot6 on a piece of paper) which admit of being simultaneously estimated with accuracy. It was found that the number admits of bein& largely increased by practice, until, with an exposure to view of one second's duration, the timate admits of being correctly mane up to between twenty and thirty objects. In the case of the ape, it is astonishing over how long a time the estimate endures. Supposing, for instance, that she is re quested to find five colored straws. She perfectly well understands what wanted, but as colored straws are rare in the litter 6he has to seek abont for them, and thus it takes her long time to complete the number ; yet she remembers liow many she has successively found and put into her mouth, so that when the number is com pleted she delivers it at once. After having consigned them to her mouth ehe never looks at the straws, and, therefore, her estimate of their number must be formed either by the feeling of her mouth or by retaining a mental impression of the successive movements of ber arm in picking up the straws and placing them in her moulb. Without being able to decide positively in which of these ways she estimates tbe number, I am inclined to think it is in the latter. But, if so, it is surprising, as already remarked, over how long a time this estimate by muscular peose endures, 