A NEW DEPARTURE BY THE SALVATION ARMY. ? ♦ ? From All The World, a monthly publica tion of the Army, we extract the following appeal by General Booth : — ' For some time now the starving condition of great num bers of the Australian poor has appealed imploringly to us for help. Not only are there thousands who walk the streets of this great city, with its palatial mansions, abounding wealth, and costly luxury, not knowing where to find a meal of bread, lintf' f.liavn ova miniTiai.o mnvn ottIia linvn ?.« where to lay their heads save in the shadow of the railway arches, in the recesses of the; bridges, or on the seats in the public parks and squares. To help these poor, hungry, helpless crowds, for both this world and the next, has long been our earnest desire, but how to do it with the slender means we can command h?s been the puzzling ques tion. We have now decided to do some thing towards alleviating this dreadful misery, and have taken large premises in the West India Road, Limehouse, in wliich we propose to establish a very cheap food depot, and also to furnish a sleeping shelter in the night. We propose to supply a basin of soup to the children for a farthing; soup and bread, ditto, for a iialfpenny; soup for an adult, a halfpenny ; soup and bread, for one penny, together with other food — coffee, tea, and cocoa — at similar prices. It is also proposed to find a man a warm and clean sleeping place for a night with some little refreshment for a penny. In conjunction with this alleviation of the temporal miseries of these hungry, home less ones, it is intended by meetings held morning and evening, and by the most direct personal dealing, to seek their salva tion. Perhaps a more hopeless class than this wretched crowd, which lives continur ally in the land of the shadow of death, does not exist. They are ordinarily con sidered beyond help, but the Salvation Army has faith in the power of the Holy Ghost and the devotion of its workers to reach some, at least, of thoEe who have long since abandoned themselves to despair. We hope, by the exercise of the greatest care, to be able to make tills scheme very nearly self-supporting, the feeding part of it entirely so. But we find the alterations, fitting of the building, supply of steam apparatus, and other appliances will cost us about £600. This we ask our friends to supply.' w^^^^____^_mm_ 