THBj BAPTIST DIVISION. The disjuto started by tha Eev. 0. Spurgeon, and which at one time threat ened to produce a serious rupture in the Baptist Union, has fortunately been settled without that result. At the annual meeting on April 23 the Eev. Charles Williams moved, and Eev. James A. Spurgeon seconded, the following resolution, which was carried almost unanimously, there oeing oniy gsyon aissontienis : — , That the report »f the council, with the exception of clauses 1 and 8 of the decla ration of the council, and the word 'but' in clause S, be adopted, and that in refer once to so muoh of it a« ralatai to rocent discussions respecting the evangelical oharacter of tho Union, the assembly places on record its judgment that there has been sufficient vindication by the declaration of the council and other wise of the evangelical ^character of the churches of the Union and of their pastors, jand that additional tests of membership are unnecessary, inasmuch as the council and the assembly have ample miae 1 all questions of membership, and therefore can deal with the case, of any okurch »r peradn^ that m*y not hold evangelical sentiments. . , ' '.,' ) i [The deolaratipa of the cpunoil, to which the abave refers, was. as follow*, and is inserted here . for' .the sake . of clearness. The words proposed te be omitted are in itrfic*:— 1\. Thmt tha ?doctrinal &«tte/s of tht Unitn are, and must he, determined by tha doctrinal beliefs of the Oliurches and Associations of ?which the Union is c»mposed. .. : . 2\. That the council of Me Onion therefore disclaim altogether onj/ authority io fotmu latea now and ?addition*}' standard of thoo logical belief as a bond of union,' to. Hhich assent sh II he requirtd. ? :??'?.?. .- 3\. But whilst expressly disavowing and disallowing any power te control belief ^or to restrict enquiry, yet, in view of the uneasinesa produced in . the: ChWrches by recent disou8sion», and to show' our agree mont with one another, and with .: our fellow Christians on the great trutha of the Gotpel, the coumcildeem it right to say that ? ? '??:???-.'?,.' ' ??? (a) Baptised into the name of the Fathar, and of tha Son, and »f the Holy Ghost, wo have avowed repentance towards God and faith in the Lord Jesus Christ— tho very eloments of- a naw life ; as in the tJupper wo- avow our uniom- with oae another, while ^partaking of tha symbol of the body of our ' Lord, broken for us, a*d of the . blood shed for the , remis sions of sins. The Union, therefore, is an association of Churches and ministers pro fessing not only to believe the facts and doctrines of the Gospd, but to hava under 'gone the spiritual change expressed or im plied in thorn. This change isthe funda mental principal of our church life. ? .'. (b) The. following faots and' doctrine's are commonly believed by the Churches; of (1) The Divine inspiration and authority of the Holy Scripture as the supreme and sufficient rule' of our faith and : praotice; amd the right and duty of ef individual judgment. in the inter pretation of it. , ??! (2) The fallen and sinful state of man. (8) The- Deity, the Incarnation,.; the ''? ? . resnrrectioa of; the Lord Jesus. Christ, ? :»nd' his Baoriflbial and/- 'mediatorial ? ? .work/ . ???'' ??'''???'? ?? ' '?'?'' .? -.? ??? :- ?. 1 (4) Justification by faith— a faith that works by love and produces holiness. . (5) The, work af.the: Holy Spirit in the ' cenversion of sinners, and in the sahoti , fication of all who believe. ' (6); The Besurrection : The Judgment at . ; the last day, according to the words of our Lord in Matt xxv. 46. , Referring to the last paragraph,^ the editor of the journal ,froi»'. which wa extract tha foregoing remarks:— 'It should be stated, as a historical' fact, that there have been brethren in t bo Union working cordially with it who, while reverently bowing to the authority of Holy Scripture, and rejecting the dogmas of Purgatory and Universaliam, have not held tho common interpretation of tha words af our Lord.'.' The s»«e paper utakes the following comment : — -'-It ii with unspeakable thankfulness that we record the alose of the controversy which enly a few days ago threatened to break up the Baptist Uaion, and with it tho great missionary and other organisations dependent on linptiot support. It is notorioui .that the meatiag of the Union, held last Monday, was anticipated witk the mast painful forebodimgs by many whose character, position, and experience impose. on them the duty of advising their brethren on the affairs of tha denomination. Indeed, «a nna anaatav aff.*^ a«nt^«r Btia.fald An Monday, the practicability of a common agreement was sot ascertained until about an hour before it was announced in the assembly. But tha fraternal deposition was lateafc on each tide, and only waited for a, favourable occasion to manifest itaslf.. Im tho conference of leading mo* of both sides, held » littlo bafera the after noon, meeting, explanations were givea, misapprehensions wers carrected, Hnd thus tho adoption of a batis agreement bacame possible. Wo repeat, tha rastoration of harmony in the Baptist Union will bo a matter of joy and gratitude wherever the spirit of Christ rules tho heart. Agreement of itself, however, ii xbi enough. Iven peace may ba bought tos dsar, but truth, while it should be bought, must on no account be sold. It ii, therefore, important that the resolution passed by the Union should be rightly understood. It has bean suggested rather than affirmed that peace and harmony have been obtained by means of doctrinal compromise. That is not the case, nor would it havo, been permissible. Mr|( Charles Williams could say in pro posing tho critical resolution of the day, ? My creed is my own ;' but no man can say that truth is his to truck and traffic with. Happily, tha language of the mover and seconder of the resolution left no doubt on that point. The basis on which both parties to tho recant controversy have met one another, ia that of brotherly confidence and respect for Christian liberty.' 