THE GREATEST BUILDING EVER BUILT. (Ties TIMNS) Baving begun work wish the firet day of the year, and oarrie?d It on through the almost . intolerable heat of. the firoest Egyptian spring known for at least the last decade, Mr W. M. Flinders Pettle bas at length brought his ardno a saynm oatpasign to a olose, At Hawar there tea dilapidated briok pyramid, whibobh enjoy the repotatlon of ever baving been openedl and so extensive area of level ground thickly honeycombed with the foundatione of brick- bnilding. These foundation and this pyramid werecooaeotarally iden tified by L1peia nearly fifty yers age with the remains of the Labyrinth and thetcmb of the founder. The meanness of the rules and the poverty of the material have, how. ever, ceused his identioiation to be received, at all events of late years, with eonliderable mistrust ;'ad it was with a view to settling this Interesting question that Mr Petrie migrated to Hawark on the 24th of last January with a following of fthyethres men and boys, and pitched his tent in the shadow of the pyramid. As far as the Labyrinth was conoerned, a first glance at the ruins in the plain was enough. His practical knowledge of epoohs of building in the le Valle Vaey, and of the date of brckse as determined by their dimensit na and quality, showed him at once that these foundations repri seated an extensive vtllage o' t'-e period of Roman role In Eaypt. He hesitated, neverthelese, before entirely rejecting Lepdels' bhype theasie. The geuerl aspect of the site one. responded well with the description of the Labyrinth in Herodotus and Strabo. and thin, at all evente, could be said of no other place in the Faym Strabo says : " W. have here in the Labyrloth a work aqua to the pyraml as sad adjolining it the tomb of the King who constrnoted the Labyrinth. After prooeeding beyond the first an rsnee of the canal about thirty or forty stadia, there is a table*shaped plain. with a village and a large palsoae omposod of as many palaces as there were formerly homes. ... At the end of tbs buildig, which oonupies more than a stadium, is the tomb, which is a q'sadraogular pyramid, each side of wh'bh is about four plethra in lannth and of equal height." (Book XVII., obhp. i., seotlon 37.) So also Herodotus, at the eand of his famonu description of this marvellobe builds log, which in his opinion surpassed all the greatest works of the Greeks, expressly says :-" At the corner of the Labyrinth stands a pyramid forty fathoms high, with large figures engraved on it, which Is enter, d by a eabterranesanpassage." (Book fI. chap 148) Here, -hen, was the table land ; and here, on the verge of the table land, was the pyramid Stripped of the stone easing with which It must have been osvered when Herodoltu saw t esnraved with "lasrge filures,"- it still answered, without more disorepanoy than night be all-owed for surface lose, to the measurement given by Straho Toat is to say, the fIn- p ethra . f the Greek geographer equal 400ft,, and the present dimensions of the square of the pyramid are about 348ft. each way. So Mr. Petrie decided to lay siege to the place by opening the pyramid add exoavatiog below the Romsa remain in the *table laod.' The re.alts of this lint test were extremely Inte resting. The Roman homues proved to avy- been built upon a foundation composed of a mass of the fire. white limestone ehips, cEarly the ddbrls of some vast bulilding Digging through this ddbris, Mr Petrie everywhere. discovered, be'ow th4 chips, a most careftlly prepared fquanation-such a foundation as was never dreemed of in Ramesdde time.-conistli g In some places of a kind of ooncrete made of rammed stone chips, and in other splace of clean, levelled sand. He then iacked out to the edges of the site. and scertained that the building mu t have covered on immense area of some forty or fifty acres in extent Lepslus was correct as to the site, but wrong as to the ruins; and it is now alear that, after having served for many centurieeas a quarry for th. arohiteots of Maedint el-Fpynm, the m-at renowned nild ng of all antlqalty has so utterly perished that only its foundation remales to measure Its greatness. Mr. Petrie has also explored a vast emetery, hitherto unkoown and untouched, which ha discovered in the Immediate neigh' hourhood. It proved tobe entirely of the Greek and Grmaoo.Roman period, and must avhebeen theeosorolisofthoetwn batt over the site of the Labyrl th. The graves reach to on great depth below the surface. He has sxhumed many thundreds .f mummies, and found an extraordinary number. of Interest ing objeots burled with the dead, as funereal vanes in alabseter, terra-otta, and glass ; toilet -ornaments, tools, toes, cins (ohbfly Roman), amule , mirrons, beads, moulds, a casket with panels of carved Ivory, hundreds of fragmentary papyri, conslsting mainly of lists and son nconts; a ghost store of funereal wrapplngs of beautifnl embroidered and woven tqx tiles; and, most Interesting of all, a splendid fraoment of the Seaond Book of the liad,' wret ten on papyrus a the finest Greek hand, before the rounded unoal or cursive scripts came into use. Tbis precious dnoe. meat was found rolled upunder the head of a mommy. The date of the manusoript is about the second or third century. The mummies found in this cemetery are. a s sual, of all classes, some parts being crowded with poor Interments, and others reserved for the tombs of the richb. By for the most valuable posresrlonl whi b these good Egyptians of RBoman tim carried with them to their graves were their portratt--portraits painted on panel, the pigments being laid on with a wax medium, and in many instances as fresh as the day when they left the easel of the artise. Of these Mr. Petrie has found no , as than sixty-men and wom. n,yntihs and maidens, and children of both sexes; some admirahly free aend bold in treatment, some delosately and even minutely fnleished, others stiff and hard, thus showing the work of various hands, and testifying to the existence of a loeal school of art in this r" mote prooinoial town of Upper Egypt which can have'been lIttle, if at all. inferior to the oontetrporaeeos rechools of Rome and Pompeii. Twelve of the fine t of t enae portraitt bave been olailmed by M Ore. bant fir the Boulk Museum; but amo gthe orty-eight whlih Mr Petrle brings so Eng. land are some very bheanlful speatmens. The beat of thee" together with a lsrg; anmber of the richest sllded mommles and many bondrrds of interesting antiqu ties rm the Hawara cemetery, will, It is under tood, be exhibited in London during the present seaKn 