A Haunted Castle. Mr. Vanderbilt not long ago bought the lease of the famous castle of Lindenfels the favour ite residence of the late King Louis II. of Bavaria. A few weeks ago the lease was dis solved by the mutual consent of the contracting parties — viz., Mr. Vanderbilt and the executors of the unfortunate monarch. The ostensible cause of this sudden change of plans was a ghost. The millionaire and his wife, de siring the experience of what it felt like to sleep in a Royal castle, made an excursion to their Schloss. intending tn re main a day or two. They brought a few servants with them, and engaged theremainder among the Bavarians in theneigh bourhood. It did not take Mr. Vanderbilt long to discover that most of the people in the vicinity regarded him with the most bitter animosity. He was considered a usurper who had come to desecrate a monument sacred to the happiest years of their late king, who was as dearly beloved as the £ resent Regent, Luitpold, is disliked. On this occasion Ir. Vanderbilt's lines had not fallen in pleasant places. At night the new proprietors occupied the Blue room, the one most frequently slept in by the king. It is a palatial apartment, decorated throughout in the Louis XIV style, and full of mementoes of that monarch, for whom the King of Bavaria himself had such a deep reverence. Having retired, and the lights in the castle being ex tinguished, strange noises began to be heard. Mrs. Vanderbilt was alarmed, and insisted on her husband's rising and instituting a search. This he did, while greatly deploring the absence of a 32-calibre American revolver, and of conrse discovered nothing. He endeavoured to reassure his wife, but the strangeness, not to say weird ness, of the surroundings made her thoroughly nervous, and she was unable to sleep that night. The next morning Mr. Vanderbilt, quite confident that it was all some prac tical jpke of the Bavarians, made an investigation, which ended in nothing. They spent the day in looking over the castle, and that night again retired early. Soon after, tbe same sounds which had disturbed them before began again. Mrs. Vanderbilt in a fright dedared that, ghost or no ghost, enemies or no enemies, nothing would induce her to remain in the place another day. The next morning they started for the Bavarian capital. 