MR. COPELAND'S SPEECH ON THE LAND BILL. {Continued from last Friday's issue.) Mr. Copeland: There is no provision •whatever for it in the bill. Not long since I was travelling in company with a ; member of the land court in Queensland, and he explained to me the working of their land laws. From what he told me I am quite convinced that at very little cost indeed—I am not sure that there would be any additional cost—we could establish land courts of appeal in such a way that they could go from one district to another, and deal with cases on the spot. The cost to the parties concerned would be greatly reduced, because under the present system they are compelled to ; come to Sydney and employ counsel, and perhaps wait for weeks. I hope to see ; the bill amended so as to give effect to I this desirable principle. ■ Mr. Garrett: That is intended ! j Mr. Copeland: It will mean giving ef- | feet in another degree to the system of , land boards ; we should have the adminis- J tration of the Act decentralised, and we should have it administered on the spot, where persons would be the most likely to ! get information which would make them thoroughly acquainted with the duties which they have to perform. In clause 20, sub-clause 1, there seems to be some thing new, not only to our land laws, but to any law ever passed in any British community. I do not profess to be much of a lawyer, but it certainly appears to be at variance with "English law. It must be borne in uiind that an applicant for land is merely a purchaser—merely a person desiring to exchange his own good coin for the Government land, and is in the same position as a person going to an auction room in the city to buy an allotment of land. So long as he deals with private land there is no necessity for the provi sion I am going to refer to. But when the public begin to deal with the Government of (he country—who loudly proclaim their desire to settle the people on the land, and talk a great deal of bunkum on the sub ject—we find that a man is placed in this position : That he is practically forced to criminate himself. Take the case of a boy or girl, of 16 years of age, who is per mitted by law to become a selector. A dispute may arise on various questions, and the boy or girl is put into the witness box to be badgered and cross-examined by lawyers. Perhaps it is the first time this child has been in a court of law. Forsooth this bill provides: If any such holder (not having any law ful objection allowed by the said land board or land court) shall refuse to pro duce any document in his possession, or I control, or shall refuse to be sworn— j I do not know whether the hon. mem- j ber has made provisions for Quakers and ; others who object to be sworn. Mr. Garrett: There is another act which makes an affirmation equivalent to an oath ! Mr. Copeland: That should be re peated here. The clause goes on to say : or to answer any lawful question put to him by such land board, or land court, or shall , refuse to sign his examination so reduced into writing as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said chairman of the said land board, or the president, or acting presi dent, of the land court, by warrant under his hand to commit him to such prison as he shall thiuk fit, there to remain without bail, until to submit, to produce document or to be sworn, or to make answer to such lawful questions as shall be put to him, or to sign such examination as aforesaid. I say that that provision is simply a dis grace to the hoa. member who introduced it. This will be very rough on rate — Mr. Garrett: It will be rough on per jurers and dummies I Mr. Copeland: It will be rough on other persons. If selection were restricted to adult persons it would not be so bad, although persons in the country who have never been inside a law court are easily confused, and may be made to swear any thing by contending lawyers. Perhaps before they go into court they may try to get a little Dutch courage, in the shape ef a glass or two of grog, so that they may scarcely know what they are swearing. Under this clause they inay be committed to gaol without bail, and they will remain there until they convict themselves. I do not think this clause is likely to be passed, especially when it is remembered that a girl or boy of 16 years of age may be placed in such a position. There is a provision in sub-clause vm, clause 22, that lands in any part of the colony,' may be described as inferior lands, and that leases of those lands may be given. There are lands in many places which will come un der that category. Mr. Garrett: They must he under lease! Mr. Copeland : I understand the Min ister proposes to grant leases of this infe ' rior land, the whole of which may be in the coast districts, and their selection will, be barred for the continuance of the 20 years lease. This will hare to be amended. There are many places in our coast dis tricts where, although the land Is gene rally of an inferior character, still there are small patches of good land which can be utilised to the extent of 40 acres or 200 acres, and which people would be very glad to obtain. Mr. Garrett: We hare power to re sume any part of the lease for that pur pose ! Mr. Copelaud ; The lauds are not likely to be resumed, and if they, are compensa tion has to be paid. A more objection able feature is contained in the next sub clause, which provides for the continu ance of the exemption of what improve - ments from selectien during the term of the improver's lease. It says : Should the improvement cross a front age creek or river, the exempted area shall be defined on each side of such frontage, in areas equivalent to a moiety of the value of such improvement, but no such exempted area shall be leas than forty acres. % exempting these lands and continu ing the old principle of allowing purchases to be made by reason of improvements, squatter will obtain a monopoly of the whole of our water frontages. In view of the great question of irrigation, the country should very jealously guard the river frontages, and should not allow j the pastoralists to obtain even by ever so | small a title control over the water front ages. We know that at present all the best sites on the rivers and creeks have | been monopolised by reason of so-called j dams being erected on rivers and creeks. When that is doue the squatter is able to secure both sides of the river bank. The question of irrigation will completely over shadow the question of railways or any other public works j and when it becomes the leading question it will be found that we have sacrificed the whole of our water J frontages. I shall be very careful to see i that no further privileges shall be granted i to these who throw darns across a river, perhaps only for the purpose of securing j these particular water-frontages. ! Mr. Garrett: That only means that another man shall not select! j Mr. Gopeland : It gives him virtual pos- j session. The Minister proposes in this j bill to increase the area open to condi tional purchase from 640 acres to 1280 acres in the eastern division, and to 2560 I in the central division. I am strongly op- j posed to that provision. There is another provision which may be considered in < connection with this one. That is, where j two applications are lodged for the same I land, one being an application for a condi- ! tional lease, and the other for a condi- j tional purchase, the application for a con- j ditional purchase shall hare preference. In j other words, the person possessed of most money, who finds no difficulty in plank ing down the deposit necessary to make a conditional purchase, gets the preference over the pooror man, who can only afford to take land under conditional lease. In the one case there is a deposit of 2s. per acre, and in the other only a deposit of 2d. per acre. Mr. Garrett: You must say who is to have the preference 1 Mr. Copeland : I am - pointing out that. this is distinctly a plot to overthrow the land into the hands of the moneyed classes. This will come in exceedingly useful when a reserve is being cancelled in the eastern division; and it is only in the case of reserves being cancelled that there is a ghost of a possibility of a person being able to purchase 1280 acres in one block in the eastern division. The pas toralists have taken very good care by' means of " peacocking" that there shall | not be a block left of 2 miles by 1 mile. Whenever a reserve of a few thousand acres is about to be cancelled, the banks and the pastoralists will be prepared with one or two dummies to immediately lodge applications to purchase 1280 acres. If a poor selector comes along, and he cannot afford to make a conditional pur chase, he will.have to stand aside The ' man with the biggest money bag will get the preference. That is why I object to the law being altered in this respect Section 31, dealing with special areas, reduces the minimum price from 30s. per acre to 20s. per acre. £ can see no good reason for this change. I never heard anyone object to the price being fixed at 30s. per acre for special areas, but what people did object to was limiting the spe cial areas to 160 acres. If the Sinister made a special area of any reserve with the view of throwing the land into the hands of selectors, and preventing its be ing grabbed by the big-landowners, he was placed in this awkward position: The land might be worth 30s. or £2 an, acre; but if theMinister made a special area of any such cancelled reserve, a selec tion would be limited to 160 acres. The selectors rightly grumbled at this provi sion. To limit a selection to 160 acres in a grazing country, was simply an ab surdity. No man could expect to make a living out of 160 acres of grazing land. It could be done no where, except, per haps, on a river bank, or some part where the land was suited to agriculture. While i the Minister increased the area, in those special caseB, up to the maximum area, j under other conditions the minimum price should have remained at 30s. That is not too much to pay iu instalments when the land has a special value. I know that some hon. members take the view that we can afford to give the land away for no thing. I would not be willing to do that. I would be no party to keeping up a large department to survey and administer the land, and to protect landed interests, at the cost of persons who do not purchase land. 1 see no reason why the country should not obtain a fair equivalent for those portions of the public estate which it parts with for ever. I think th^t, while increasing the area, the Minister should hare retained the minimum of 30s. per acre. In clause 39 the hon. gentle man proposes that all kinds of condi tional purchasers and conditional lusew shall pay the cost of surrey. I think this provision will be found to operate very injuriously, because it is well known that the smaller the area the greater will be the proportionate cost of surrey. The selector of 40 acres will be required to pay double or treble the amount per acre paid by the selector of 1280 acres. I hare before me a paper which was given to me when 1 held the position of Secre tary for Lands, and which is marked " not official." I hare kept it because itf gives accurate information as to the cost of survey. The gentleman who supplied me with the information was drawing my attention to the actual cost, and seemed to be under the impression that land could be surveyed for a quarter ' of the | money now spent if we adopted tire prin ciple of survey before selection. There is i no doubt of it. The hon. gentleman com i plains of the cost of admistering the land I venture to say that the whole of the , land could be measured for one- quarter of ! the present cost, if, for instance, portions of the resumed area suitable for settle ment were set apart and measured for se lection. By way of illustrating the effect of the Minister's proposal upon those who select land, I will refer to a case in which the snrrey of 160 acres cost £5t 17s. 9d.» or Is. 8£d. per acre. The effect of the ; proposal, therefore, in a large num ber of cases will be to almost double the amount of the deposit. In the case of very small areas perhaps the amount would be more than doubled. I do not feel quite sure that we are justi fied in asking the selector to pay this in creased price for the land. The best land in the colony is all selected ; there is no land within any reasonable distance open to settlement. Mr. Garrett; I thought that all the • good land loft was contained in reserves and forfeited conditional purchases.!. , Mr. Copeland : There is, no doubt, » good deal of very good land in the re serves ; but it is not open to selection. It rests with the hon. gentleman, and with, his successors iu office, (to say whether these reserves shall be open to selection. But, if this bill is passed, there will be very little land open to selection in the eastern or any other division. Ism deal ing with the bill as it stands, and, as a matter of fact, the whole of the best land in the colony has been already selected. Mr. Garrett: No ! Mr. Copeland: There is nothing hut rubbish left behind. Mr. Garrett: No 1 Mr. Copeland : I challenge the hon. gentleman to point to any part of the eastern division where a person could se lect 1280 acres. I have been over every inch of it, and I know that I am speaking the truth, and that I shall be supported by any hon. member representing a se lector's constituency. The best lands la the colony have been sold at £1 per acre. Mr. Garrett; I deny it 1 Mr. Copeland: As only inferior land remains to be selected, I fail to see why we should increase the cost of the land to the selector. Moreover, the Minister pro poses to increase the cost of the land at the very time when the selector cau least afford to meet it. The proposal of the Government would not be so objection able if the cost of survey were added to the balance of the purchase money and were paid off in instalments. A selector at the outset should be dealt with le niently. He has to build a house and stockyard, and he has to fence his land. If he is an agriculturist he has to clear tho land ; if he is a grazier he has to purchase stock. He has in either case to make & large expenditure. If the Government were to adopt the course adopted by pri vate owners the cost of survey would be much less. The private owner of 10,003 acres or 20,000 acres would in the first in stance have the whole of it surveyed and cut up into suitable portions. Advantage would be taken of the formation of the land. The owner of such a piece of land would not before surveying it allow Dick, Tom^ and Harry to take any portion they re quired. If he did so he would be treated as a lunatic, and his friends would run. him into an asylum. (To be wntinucd in <ntr next mue.) _ 