THE CHURCH OF THE APOSTLES. ? ? ? THE BISHOP'S JUBILEE. At the Church of the Apostles yesterday there were special celebrations in honor of the jubilee of the Right liev. Dr. llurphy, it being 50 years since the prelate's admis sion to the priesthood. The church was gaily decorated for the occasion, gar lands and wreaths throughout being profuse. The decorations around the tem porary episcopal throne were particularly graceful. The chancel arch was conspicu ous by an enormous scroll with letters of an immense size, conveying the words ad multos annos, which was the peculiar greet ing to bishops, which in English means, ' Many happy years.' Several other scrolls were hung throughout the church, bearing inscriptions 'God bless our Bishop,' ana ' Jjong may ms Liorosuip reign. rue celebrations of the day commenced at 8 o'clock, when mass was celebrated by the very Reverend Dean Beecbinor, who distributed the holy communion to a large number of worshippers, among them being the members of the Society of the Children of Mary, the members of other sodalities and the genera! public. The communicants offered their prayers for the Bishop's prosperity. At the termination of the mass, the Dean preached on the gospel for the day, the text being taken, from St. Luke, 5th chapter, 1 to 11 verses. The rev. preacher, in a most eloquent and * earnest discourse, dwelt specially upon the words ' Fear nf-t, from henceforth thou ahalt catch men; and having brought then- ships to land, leaving all things they followed him.' The sermon lasted about a quarter of an hour. The Dean dwelt particularly on the duties of Catholics in giving good example in every cominuuit5', as they were the fishermen of their own children, inasmuch as they had a constant gospel to preach to them, not alone by precept, out wnat was lar more eifacacious, good example. The way of precept was long, but the way of example was short and most efficacious. Their mission of preaching the gospel went beyond the family circle, and permeated not only to every class of their coreligion ists, but to every class of society they owed a duty. The true Catholic was a benefit to the community at large. Catholics were too nrone to think that the duty of preach ing was confined to the province of the pulpit, but the duty of lessening this burden rested upon 'all. The words of eternal life would he of no avail if the people did not come to hear them. It was their d uty to carry home the lessons and instil them into others. Very many worshippers frequented the early services because there were no sermons, and it was on that ac count that he had commenced to cast out his net at the early services to catch men, as he desired to bring all into the net of his church. The preacher next referred to the necessity of the continuation of the Church of the Apostles, and the completion thereof, ?which he hoped would be effected and ! opened about nest Raster. Although it was a laudable undertaking, to him it was a terrible responsibility. The Dean then spoke of the chancel about to be built, and stated that lie had funds sufficient to continue the work until about Christmas, when he had no doubt that his flock would again liberally respond to the appeal he would then make, as it would not be for the benefit of their priests, for any surplus they re ceived was returned again in works of charity and benevolence. The second and more solemn celebration commenced at 11 o'clock with a procession of thurifer, acolytes, and general altar attendants. These were followed by the book, crazier, and mitre-bearers, next came the celebrants of the mass (the liev. J. Murpuy; arrayeain a set of beautiful green vestments peculiar to the festival of the day. Next came the Dean, wearing a soutane sash and Roman eotta. Last of all came His Lordship the Bishop, attired in full pontificals, and bear ing the crozier or pastoral staff, which, by the way, was the gift of the late Earl of Shrewsbury to the diocese of IfobaTt, as well as a precious mitre which is used only on solemn occasions. The mass sung was Haydn's So. 2, except the Credo, for which that in No. 3 was substituted. There was a ?f.,n nrMipat.ni. the soloists being Mrs Raepple, Misses M'Mahon and Harvey, Mesas, H. Green, J. Galvin, and E. Keon. ' Zingaieiii's Laudate ' with chorus and orchestra was sung during the offertory by Mr II. Green; Mr T, If, Bosworth con ducted, and was subsequently compli mented by the Bean, as well he might be, for his efficiency. Miss Ellis presided at tlie organ with much ability. At the con clusion of the mass, His Lordship imparted with the usuaj ceremonials the Papal bene diction to those assembled. At the termi nation of tbjese functions, His Lordship stood on the step of the -iUroue, and while holding uis crosier, lumiraocn a. »??? ^.i«-* words to the assembled multitude. He sai# he could not allow the opportunity to pass without tendering to the good people of Launceston his heartfelt gratitude for the maiiiieitation of theirgoodnessandthought f ulness In Uis regard. It was in connection with the 50th ye&jr; of his priesthood. lie understood that it was only the begin niB' of other manifestations wht&U; Ti-ere 'o follow during- the week, and for all these lie woii!4, in anticipation, thank them most cordially, lie grayed that God would bless them, their children, aui tfce whole com munity with heaven's choicest gitt6. Jfass Uein« ended, the procession returned to tlie sacrist™ in the same order as at tlie begin ning of' the service. At the High Mass the very Rev. the Dean acted as general master of ceremonies as well as general assistant at the Bishop's throne. THE KBW CHANCEL, At 3 o'clock in the afternoon the cere, mony of laying the foundation-stone of the new chancel was performed. Previous to that hour there were congregated in tne church, under thesuperintendenceof MrTon nison, the schoolmaster, about 150 boys and 100 girls, in addition to the young ladies of the High School. The young people were from tlio Society oi the Children of Mary, tile Sodality of the Bed Ribbon, the 1'ott.ulani.s of I lie Sacred Heart, the Infant School, the Children of St. Mary's, the in termediate schools, and the young ladies of the High School, who, veiled in white, en tered the church, singing an appropriate hymn. The procession left the church with the younger lads in front, followed in order by the girls, the young ladies of the High School, Father Murphy, the acolytes, the Dean and His Lordship, wearing the mitre and carrying the staff. As the im posing procession marched out of the church around the street to the scene of operations, the hymn 'Hail, glorious St. Patrick' was sung, the organ and St. Joseph's band outside playing the tune having a very nice effect. The pro cession having reached the rear of the building, where a dais was erected for the accommodation of the Bishop, the ceremony was commenced by sundry appropriate prayers. The following were read:— Psalms S3 and 50, 'Miserere,' the 'Litany of the Saints,' and several others. The Bishop then walked over the foundations, and having duly blessed them, with the usual formali ties well and truly laid the foundation stone. Then mounting the dais, His Lord ship addressed the thousand people as sembled from the words ' Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace to men of good will.' His Lordship said the words had been pronounced by the angelic choir on the occasion of the coming of the Divine Lord on earth. At the time the words were uttered, the whole of tke Jewish people were buried in darkness and idolatry. Men had effaced the image of God in their natures, and had everywhere erected altars to false divinities, and diverted their wor ship irom tne Supreme uoa. The con sequence was the general depravity of mortals. It was to apply a remedy that the Divine Lord left the bosom of His Father, assumed a human nature, suffered, and died on the cross. It was to restore to God the glory of which He was robbed, and to re-instate man. It was for this purpose that the Lord preached throughout Judea, and confirmed His preaching by the sanctity of His life and wondrous miracles. For this purpose Jesus established, the grand institution of the Catholic Church, which ha meant to represent TTim and teach His doctrines as the only way of life and salvation. It was that the Church might never fall into error that He promised to remain guiding, directing, and teaching it, and to send His Holy Spirit to it. They had the privilege of being mem bers of the Church. For this purpose, also, and to preserve unity amongst its mem bers, CUnst appointed as the head St. Pater, whose successor was Pope Leo XIII., who has had given to him the supreme pastor ship. It had always been neceisary to erect temples to the glory of God in which people might assemble, the word of God be preached, and the holy sacrament be ad ministered. It was for this object that they were going to complete that portion of the present building. Within its -walls mass would be offered. Within a few paces from where he . then stood, Jesus would descend. Around the altar rails people would receive Jesus under the ap pearance of bread. The adults would re ceive confirmation, and be strengthened in the faith, and receive the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost. The sacraments of penance would be' administered, whereby they would receive pardon for their sine, and strength for the future, no matter bow many or great their sin* might be. -The priest had received power from God. There nlcn thp nt.hftr sacraments of the Church would be performed. In an eloquent perora tion he called upon all to assist in carrying out the design of Jesus. The ceremony was concluded by the recital of AT«* Dominus and Fundamenta ejus. THE EVENING SERVICE. In the evening His Lordship presided, having for a deacon and sub-deicon the very reverend the Dean and the Rev. Father Murphy respectively. After Vespers Father Murphy — having first stated that His Lordship was highly gratified with all that had taken place that day, und especially at seeing such a large concourse of people— gave instead of the usual sermon, a very interesting sketch of the Bishop's life, which he designated as a ?'singularly eventful career.' Having been born m the ' island ot saints ana Scholars,' he gave early signs of being called to the ecclesiastical state. 'Was educated in the National College of May nooth, where he won his way by sheer ability. He wished then to go to Tas mania, but was dissuaded. He, however, determined to go as a missionary to foreign lands, and volunteered for Bast India, where he faithfully labored as a priest seven years, chiefly to the natives and soldiers. To the hitter it was mainly owing that the Catholic religion was spread in that part of India. At length no one was found more meritorious, and Dr. Murphy was consecrated the first Bishop of Hydera bad. When he arrived in India he had no church and no school, only a rented bunga low. When he left, after 35 years' labor in that hot and trying climate, there was a beautiful cathedral, schools, and an orphan asylum. The diocese of Calcutta was offered to l»r. Murpny, out uis neaiiu being much impaired by his long labors in such an enervating clime, he was obliged to return to his native land, where he was offered a bishopric, but having a great pre dilection for missionary labors in a foreign land, he was eventually ap pointed to Tasmania, where he arrived ?22 years ago as successor to the first Bishop of Hobart, the much -venerated Bishop Willson. Many of you know (said Father Murphy) better than I do, how I our Bishop has labored for Catholicity in I this fair land. He had a very serious diffi culty at first, not having a penny to begin -critli * hp lmd almost entirelv to rebuild the i Cathedral at Hobart, and to provide accom- I modation for the nuns. AH, however, had been successfully accomplished. This I Church of the Apostles was begun during His Lordship's episcopacy, and we all hope he will live to dedicate it when completed. I Singular interest attached to the bishop's consecration, 42 yeara ago, as he was then I the youngest bishop, and he bids tan: to be I the oldes' of the entire episcopate : in seven j years' time, if he lives, he will be 50 years a 1 bishop, which is an experience almost I unique. Let us earnestly pray, dear I brethren, before we leave this church this I evening, that our beloved Bishop may long j be spared and blessed abundantly with God's grace to be a blessing to us and the I whole church in Tasmania.' After the ad- I dress the BishoD concluded the service by giving the benediction of the Blessed Sacra- I ment. The ' O Salutaris' was very sue- I cessf ully rendered, as a duet, by two ladies J of the choir, and the 'Tantum Ergo,' as a bass solo, by Mr Eeon. The church was I again crowded, the children of Mary enter ing in procession, many Protestants being present. 