A GREAT WRONG.; OR, THE :MYBLTEZLY OF BILACOK c HOLLOW GRANGE. BY EMMA GARRISON JONES. Aulethr of "A Terrible Crinme," "A S'outh. en Prisa," A' " Ruby," "T7'e I;, ing j I S Bride," etc. I IICHAPTER III.-(COeNTINIUED) SI should have to give It all up," he mut. tered. lir Geoiffry Trovethon, bnronet,with' Sfifteen thousand a year I Think of that! I won't give it up." . I Ile leaped to his feet with a hoaeso cry and r'lshed at the boy again. a ' li shanl not live to thwart my plans,"he ,yelled.' "le shall die I" t : Ilestruck the child a brutal blow full on 1 the temple. a sng an igly wound,and felling I him to the fluor, where he lays bleeding an ti insensible, while Clotilde and Andre shrieked with terror. t But Bruce soon silenced both with threats and oathes. Take him op and carry him into the kit. y chen," he commanled. " When It grows tdark I'll throw him into the Loire." Clotilde obeyed without a word, shivering Ii in every limb with mortal terror. She laid the child down on the lounge, covered Iis n .ghastly blood-stained face,and then crouched t down herself with her son at her knees, r watching her maniac husband,assho deemed t him, with affrighted eyes. h Bruce looked at her, and broke forth into I, amused laughter. ' You think me mad t" he asked,divining her thoughts. Well, I am mad-drunk with a my own good luck, Clotilde I There's nc need to tremble so; the fit Is off now; it was the eight of that boy there that brought h it on; but he lies quiet enough. He won't a arise between. me and my good fortune a again I Bit still, Olotildo; I have mysenses baok now I I won't hurt you, my girl ; I'm awfully glad to see you and. I have a v wondrous story to tell you. But get Andre al Ssnug in bedl, and fetch out some cold meat f and a bottle of wine before I begin, that'sa t good lass 1" h ColuttlInl arose to her feet, but her limbs n refused to support her. "Itun away to bedl, Andre," she whispered, b 'Inging to tihe window.sill for support, Imut away, like mother's gool boy." n ,, Ilerson, sill in terror of his father, crept n it casting a wistful glanecu at the coech a here his utn'onneious playfellow lay. Then Sowifu turned iher glastly tace upon her islsnu . t SAndrew, for theo love of leaven, swnlt is h I Wh\Vat hs come over you f" shoe faltered e .'re you mad 1" lie Inughed again, that ugly, murderous a t tl0nk ant," loanewered, "and so will ,tu be when you hear what I hIvu t, II. Yetch out the meat and wine, Clo Ihe I my good luck hasn't hnpnaired my np. h ettie l' l lint the child there 1" she cried; " the I ',r little lad, he'll tdie if we do nothing for S\Willlhe? So much the better." Ct STito look In Itor husislln's eye turned i her t .ni, tender and gallant, when ills hot iteel. ,or was under control, astil site lovedi 1io to u .ldoration; but now she recoiled troot Ila i 1 shuddering fear. si Bt much the better," he repteated. "As soon as it grows a little darker I shall throw him Into the Loire." " But you will be a murderer," she shriekedl out, "and they'll iang you." d "I shan't give them teit clhance," hle n. swered, coolly. " I'll throw the boy Into the Loire to-night, and befor tie t day btrea:ks we shall be on our way to Itngland. Sit down, I OIotilde, and hear my story; there's no time to lose," The woman dropped into a neat from shieer ezhaustion. Il am not over fond of eitchi jots," her husbanl continued, as In oncrked il?s wilnt t"but once in a while thle Iiend justlel's the deed. You should not htie Slaved tile boy from the wreck. Never nIiddil with whlat does not concern you. Clotllte, hoiw would you like for your ston tit le a aonitt ii -a baronet of En.glanid, with an lllueeu of tfteen thousand poLnds per annumll 1) "Andrew l" " l)on't call me Andrew, ilee?ti," hii reion. tinued, coolly. "I hvl o'hingeitd 1i'y ni e as w ell as m y fortune, ll cniwe llrf o ?r t ] n Geoffrey Trovetllt, tht)i lahto lie tIillefr'y'se only son ndi heir, and toC.tiorrt)ow I o) to sEngiatit to claltt lilty tith u aud ental's I Fact, Clotilde, l1 on ay osiu--ood Ilnt boy yotlder whose j Ii ynol have beIn no ,o nuhltute 'l;a ,t that ?toy wottl(l icle h elwteet ie, all etween /tulea altlr me, and Iit this goil fortuqe. lustC thhluk if /Mat" Iuhe lookedl at hiIi with wide, wilil tyes. "Andrew, Andrew, you aore ImaId," Sile gaspeild. 'lhltiw ciull i thit e 1 i" " No mataorI it wil Ii,, tnd tlst stlt. flees." "ic r (eollrey Trtvetlhnti I Whnt ltiti Ihavuoyot to I tItl lI d tii islinlt', I hlve I hlard'ybu leiy that he niever mtnrrlid your mother onCit ari otl ly ,-" l t Uttprltst your torll,' Ito otly,'ll'.t t ntruua !t it yll0 evcr nlhlut o to Iilit n)atli ryou are a t t 'ti nh In 'Mir (Il 'tlr.i. lit'C u,-. .1hon'd hi' d i l' m 'rry my mt ither. 1iut wits a poor actress, ana he an English baronet, N " matter; his title and his wealth shall be mine all the same. Woman, beware how you-" r in"lhst,"gasped Olotllde, some one Is com. 1 ing I" He released her, and regained his scat just c as a penansant woman came in. " Why, what ail thee Clotilde 7" she cried, shrilly; " wearing the face of a ghost, and thy good man but just returned ?", "The poor girl Is iii," answered. Andrew, a quickly, giving his wife a swift, warning C glance. "I found her in bed when I came home ; and the lad there is sick, too," hecon. tinued, pointing to the lounge. " What, Andre sick ?" asked the woman. "No, no; the other lad; he's a weakly b child, anil I'm sorry Clotildo picked him up ; but she's loath to part with him; so we must take him with us on our journey, I sup. pose." Clotllde glanced at her husband In amased awe. Not a muscle of her serene, smiling 5 face moved. " What journey? Yoe are not leaving t here ?" qllestioned the neiglhbor. "That'sit," responded Andrew, pleasantly. " We start for England in the morning. tMy business calls me, and Olotildo is too delicate to be left behindl." The night came on, and after some little chat, and many regretful adieus, the woman took her departure. Andrew accompanied s her to the door, locked it after her, and n pocketed the key. Ito lifted the handker. chief from the child's face as he crossed the v room. It was ghastly white, and to all ap. c pearances lifeless. ,He is all right this time," he muttered, with filendish content; then he turned to his wife. " Clotlde, get your cruciflx," he com. manded. Tremblingly she produced the cruciilx, r and while he held a pistol to her brow, he forced Iher to swear that she would never be. a tray him. "Remember," he added, "I am your hus. t band no longer; neither is Andre your ion. I am Geoffrey Trovethon ; my son is called v Richmond, and you are his nurse and com. panion. Swear also to this I" She looked up into his merciless face with r imploring ej cas. "Oh, Andrew, I cannot swear to this. Would you cast me oil forover ? Think of the past, and how we have loved each I other." " Old things have passed away, all thingsa have become new. As to the love between us, no need to meddle with that ; you can be my wife all the same, only the world mtstIa not know. I am Sir Geoffrey Trevethon's banished son and heir, and my wife died t abroad. Do you comprehend? Of course you do; and If you are a good girl, Clotilde, and love me at all, you'll be willing to help me to bring this about." "But I am not willing," she replied. " It t lo all a wicked lie. Your wife did not die abroad; and If Sir Geoffrey Trevothon was your father, you are only an illegitimate b son-" Crack I went the revolver; the flash blind. ing her, scorching her very face, the bullet e whistling within an inch of tier head. The poor c sature uttered a wild shriek. d Her husband caught her by the shoulder, and shook her till she was breathless. " Silence i" be thundered. "I missed you this time, but my aim will be sure next. Woman, make your choice at once and abide by it. Will you do my bidding, and go with me and your child to-morrow, or will you b die like a dog, here at my feet 1 As sure as there is a heaven above us, I mean to kill you, unless you swear to aid me in the work i have in hand. Come, now, you can have your choice I I would sooner take you along, and I'll do well by you. What do you say? Take the oath, or in one minute your doom is sealed I" Thile kneeling woman, with the crucifix against her quivering heart, glanced toward the window, The night nhad fallen dark and rainy, there was no help witlhin hearing of the lonely cottage. Site looked up at her I husband's face which mocked her with fiend. lab cruelty. t "One l two-" 2 "Oh, Heaven pity me? Yes, I will swear."f Thu pistol was lowered from her head. "That's a sensible girl now," commented b her husband. "I'll take you along, and you c shall share my good fortune ;and you'll lead II a jolly life Clotilde. Even if I marry again, as no doubt, I shall, when I come into pus. session of my title and estates, I will pro. a vide for you handsomely ; and I'll not for sake you either, for in spite of all this, I'm S fond of you, Clotilde. Andi you will have t the satisfaction, too, of seeing your son the a heir to a baronetcy ; for I shall make the lad v my heir and successor." She leaned her head upon her clasped p bands, and made no movement or answer. "Well, now," itho wenton. "One thing b more, and we are done. You must swear 1 never to leave me. You are to stick to me 9 and my fortunes. Come-swear." Thiecold steel touched her throbbing head g again. It was a bard oath to take-to stick to this man and his fortunes, to aid and abet c him in Ills crime, and yet not even be his wife. But she did not hesitate; after that other oath, by which she surrounded both s wifehood and motherhood, nothing could move lier. "Yes, I swear," she answered, quietly. Hle returned the pistol to his breast, andi buttoned up his coat. Ololtilo looked at hint, nas she still knelt, wondering vaguely if tl he could be the mall whvl woo'ed and won her girlish love? lie hadll chnged terribly in the brief timeno since bie Inl oteircdured hie soul to the po0wer of siln. But hlis voice brought her tohil feet. and haver the bhy all ready, atl I will call uop , l rocee, olci ilillocthi n,, vtowht atilit. peviltsitn t" mno ks of wha tt we have behi n du its. B.tl this job, ,u st be drone lilt ." , lie turrud to, the loulnge ntul looked at tlhe Lhti lie erulpt a istep nearer and looked down upon the pretty lface; it wa0 cohl andll still; bill a fi olt oler presentlcy oseto thh l Ir, 1l+h ek s , Ua td sw h c o u lld s e U t ile ey , 'l( I n q ui v e !r , Tlhelotilleus bieat tit red with ini itullit r, I ty mild te:mtehroIcs. i '" 0, Anirw," oie cried, celsidtg her hunls. bandl' nAr1, "he ia alive. I will do all you0 ask, only spre the buoy, and lot 11hl1, go back " 'lit hi, iiny alpear by-.andbye, like tile hiero of a tnovel, tIII wre'st liy IIue and lily weihllh I111 mue1 nswerel, with a horsre Inaug " N'N. 'Iitit uIclhu a 11fool asI tlhat. I'll lake Oev cry tllllg sticll asl I go." '1lhl,t A elllrlw, nol 1111e kolhwn. Oh,, foI l li'eavn''s tiki I dI nthlul aniiU yiur soull with Ills foce whitn''d and iils li s lwitehed,u lI, wavil n L wh lle y li rlll; but g l i siteehldol Ih v,', i inliui thl Iha'h liv hI iile ftrIu if halln l' t I " Iit I ' u''iiorie'I l ' alt [llUUli' l in ou ie tol k lie tan, h,, ledh, r'' ' wi o, lie It It il lrliec ('Inhllentha lt wlhdh , nll d l n llth hen s fr au I +t i hiI'd *wre e t?|tt:t[ ot hcrt dkl, bu lt l ml bit e a, tl (1r 1 mii'l, i inl h l itu, ' I l 1'1u rluti tlR, dlnirk tI nl l i ii,i HIIIh rcull',I 'ihl" i,,,,,kb i lf h ,ii l.ire even1 5 w in 1111 1111o1 Iih. , line', ,,?,r~ hl f'dt.,h,?.el| '-/ fHe raised the light bundleand hurled it far out into the darkstream. As the body struck the water, the guilty man turned and fled like one escaping with his life. Clotilde arose like a spectre, straining her eyes over the black riptpling title. " I murst save him," she murmured. " Holy Motlher, do thou help me I" Then she plunged n ; she was a ilsherman's daughter, and in hergirlhood could swim like a fish. She hadl not forgotten the art now. She struck out for the place where the body went dovn, ier eyes watching every ripple with agonising eagerness. Presently she uttered a tremulous cry, for something arose to the surface just beyond her. "Holy Mother, help me I" she breathed again, as she darted towards it. A few more strokes and she grasped the rising object, and, panting, she made lier way to the shore and was soon safe upon the sands'. Uttering prayers with every breath, she tore away the blanket and lifted the child's bead to her bosom. " eIe breathes I he lives I" she exclainmed.I '' The water has restored him to conscious. ness I " She rained tears and kisss on the little white face. "IMydarling l Oh, thank HIeaven, I have savlt my hbusband's soul from the sin of murder I" Tihe dip of oars was now eard. She wrapped the child in the dripping blanket, I clasped him close to her panting bosom, and I tlin laid him softly down upon the moist, warm sands. " Help Il help I " she cried. "Then, as a boat's keel grated on tihe shore beyond, and the sound of voices came to her ears, she bounded up and darted through the rainy darkness like a lapwing. And the little lad, the wait of the wreck, all stunned and wounded, and half drowned, I yet still alive, lay abandoned by the brinkof I the swift.llowing river. Clotille sped on over the sodden fields I with a strength and endurance altnot super human. Her cottage was closed and silent when she reached it, yet site quivered with terror as she crept to the door, lest her husband should I have returned. Despite her terror, however, she entered, for within, in his little cot-bed, lies herson, the one child of her wedded love; and no peril, no danger could cause her to for. sake him. She crept in and found that her husband was still absent. Looking down upon the sleeping boy a swift thought came to her. She would take her child and run away, no mat ter whither, soasue could escape from her mad husband. Swift as lightning she tore off her wet gar. ments and put on her best apparel; then she took the sleeping boy in her arms and daited towards the door. She was out, and the summer rain was fall ing on her throbbing iead before she rement bered her oath, never, under any circuam stances, to desert her husband. A piteouscry came from her ashen lips, and she reeled like one in a faint. " 1 swore by the crucilix," she moaned " I dare not break my oath." Hcerhusband's laugh ofexultationanswered her. " rNo, you dam not break it," he repeated. " You are a dead woman if you everdo. Take the lad Into the house, and bestir yourself; we have no time to lose." Sue obeyed ,him without a word ; and before break of day they were on their jour. ney. 