SHORT COMIO OPERAS. A JAPANESE ELECTION. (Wcrds and Music by S1nNoot TADPOLINI, of Sprinkrik.) DnAMATIs PERSON.E. Mung Tung ... ... A Candidate All Tom ... ... ... A Candidate Jojo ... ...... A Journaliet ''Tee Gee ... Solicitor-General of Japan Bill .. ... A Politician Taddy A Supporter of Munog Tung The Puddock of Puddock A Supporter of SCENE.-A town in Japan. Public house and Mechanica' Institute. Villagers and Electors. Chorus of Electors, VWe are Japanese electors Of our rulers and protectors, And we chosoe the men that suit us you may take your solemn oath; But the olen that we go in for As a rule don't care a pin for Our claims, or our requirements, and they shut their eyes to both. We went for separation, Having failed-made preparation To scratch the men that slighted us, and laughed our scheme to scorn. For the proverb plainly says Every dog has got its day So our day is surely coming, and to scratch themll have sworn. Enter Musa 'fro ni Jo.rn. Mno T'rosa-Good gentlemen electors I ask you for your vote, And, if you should return me I'll honestly devote Both time and work to help you, And I will even dare To hint that of the revenue You want an equal share. No man, however humble, need come to me in vain. I'll treat him as an equal and not with poor disdain ; I'll try to see wrongs righted, and money fairly spent, And paltry party dodges I'll gladly circumvent. Joao-He speaks the truth good people, And I would have you note That, if you should return him, We row in the same boat : The estimates allew clearly The policy of Jojo, Anl oe who tries to change it Will quickly find it no go. TADDY-Though bad the rhyme, the sentiments are good So, with your kind approval mates, I Would, Propose a vote of confidence, and say Let's vote for Mung Tu.g; on election day. VILLAocns-'Wo'll vote for him with pleasure, we'll quaff the flowing bowl: Tns PUDDocK-No you dent. VILLAoERs- Long live our friend good Jojo, and tuay Mung Tung head the poll. Tni PUDDOCK- But he wont. Enter Au Tom, accompanied by TEE GOs, and BILL. An Toa sings, and accompanies himself on accordion Froggy would a canvassing go, Heigh, ho! says Rowley ; Whether his business would let him or no, With a hokey, pokey, ganumon and spinnach Ileigh ho I says Rowley. TEE GaE-" Mllsic hath charms"-yon know the rest, And surely now each savage breast Is soothed by Ah Tom's ditty : So e'en to miako the spell complete nlhn'll plaw a plast so wondrous sweet (prorlarces pipes.) VILLAGERn-flavo pity, oh I have pity. BILL-A bland persuasive tongue is best To influence the savage breast Combined with nips of whisky. I have the tongue, I have the blend, The one will charm, the other send You home convinced. TADDY-Its risky, For coppers hot are often got From pure election whisky. An To-m-I am a frog, no tadpole I, to ape the frog's ability: In me you'll find, all them combined, power, genius, and gentility. BILL-Now, there's a speech, so vote for him say I, Te?n GEE- Calllachie, Ecclefechan, Auch termochty and Mulguy. TII PUDDOCK--My mind's tmade up, for Ah Tom I will vote, I promised Mung Tung, but I'll turn my coat. Villagers all join in nautical chorus, pulling at an imaginary rope in time to the song. Vote for him all, both great and small, Heave, oh I roll a man down. Come join in the chorus, thero's liquor before us, Give us some'time to roll a man down. You're welcome Tom for your nine months stay. Good bye, fire yo well : good bye, fare ye well: And then for another you'll have to make way, Hurrah I my boy you're outward bound. Enter Ghost of railway delegate, (lime light, gongs, etc.) GHosT SINGS.-AIr " holden Shore." I rememnoer, I remember, in days long passed away, We asked Ah Tom, and Ah Tom's mates a delegate to pay, But Ah Torn and his mates refused and hurt our feelings sore, So we said, hold on I we'll meet you soon upon the Golden Shore, And make things hIot for somen of you upon that Golden Shore. BILL (anxiously)-That song will hurt All Tom. Ton PoDDoc--It din'na gilo a dom, Lot's gang an1d hae a beer There's nao use bidein hero. VILnAoEns--Hurrah I roll up! Tile Pud dock's shout. The Puddock knowse what he's about The Puddock's mother knows ho's out We'll vote for him in August. Alt disappear into public hIouose at back of stage; ghost considers, then removing a piece of b'ue ribbon from his button hole, slowly follows. CUITAIN. 