COLONEL QUARITCH, Y.C. A TALE OP COUNTRY LIFE. By h. rider haggard, Author of " Kino Solomon's Mines," " Allen Qu atrrmain," " Jess." " Shu," Ac., Ac. Now First Published. All Rights Reserved. CHAPTER XLL— How the Night "Went. Still ho dug on at hia grave for a little longer. It was by now becoming a matter of exceeding labor to throw the abovelfulB of soil clear of tVialmln Then ho determined to BtOU. AQll with this view scrambled not without difficulty outof tho amateur tomb. Once out, his eyes fell on a stout iron crowbar, which was stand ing amongst tho other tools, such an implement as is used to make holes in tho earth wherein to sot hurdles nnd stakes ; and it occurred to him that it would not be a bad idea to drive this crowbar into tho bottom of the grave which ha had dug, in order to ascertain if there was anything within its reach. According!' ho once more descended into thoholoaud began to work with the iron crow, driving it down with all his strength. "W hen he bad got it almost as doop as it would go, that is about Hit., it struck something — something hard — there was no doubt of it. Ho worked away in great excitement, widening the hole aa much as he could. Yes, it was masonry, or if it was not masonry it was something uncommonly like it. He drew tho crow ont of the hole, and, seizing the shovel, commenced to dig again with renewed vigor. As lie could no longer conveniently throw the soil from the hole he took a ' skip" or leat basket which lay handy, and, placing it beside him, put as much of tho sandy soil as he could lift into it, and thiin lifted it and shot it on the edge of the pit. lor three- quarters of au hour he labored thus mojt manfully, till at last he came down to tho stonework. Ho cleared a patch of it, and examined it attentively by the light of the dark lantern.- It appeared to be rubble work built in the form of iui arch. Ho struck it with the iron crow aud it gave back a hollow sound. There was a cavitv of somo sort underneath. His excitement 'and curiosity redoubled. By great efforts he widened the spot of otono work already laid bare. Luckily tho soil, or rattier sank, was so friable that there was very little exertion requited to loosen it. This done ho took tho Iron crow and inserting it beneath a loose flat stone levered it up. This was a be ginning, and hating got rid of the large flat stone he Btruck down again and again with all his strength, driving the sharp point of the heavy crow into the rubble work beneath. It began to give he could hear bits of it falling into the cavity below. There I it went with a crash, more than a square foot of it. . , , i He leant over tho hole at his feet, devoutly honing that the ground on which he was stand ing would not give way also, and tried to look down. Tho next second he threw his bend back coughing and gasping. The fnul air rushing up from the cavity or chamber, or whatever it was, bad half poisoned him. Then not without difficulty he climbed out of tue crave and sat down on the pile of sand he had thrown uo. Clearly he must let the air in the place sweeten a little. Clearly also he must havo assistance if he was to descend into the groat hole. He could not undertake that by himself. . Ho sat theren upo the edge of tho pit wondering who there waa that lie could trust. Not his own gardener. To begin with he wonld never como near the place at night, and besides such people talk. The squiro? No, he could not rouse hiin at this hour, and also, for obvious reasons, they had not met lately. Ah, he hud it. George was the man ? To begin with, he could be trusted to hold his tongue, and tho episodo of the pro duction of the real Mrs. Quest had taught tho Colouol that George was a person of no common powers. He could think aud he could act also. , He threw on his coat, extinguished the large stable lantern, aud having passed out, locked the door of the summer-house and Btarted down tho mount at a trot. The wind had risen stpadily daring his hours. of work and was now blowing a furious gale. It was about a quarter to 4 in the morning and tho stars shone brightly in tho hard clean-blown sky. Bv their light and that of the waning moon h« Rtruorcrled on in the teeth of the raging tempest. Aa be passed under ono of the oakB ho heard a mighty crack overhead, and guessing what it was ran like a hare. Ho was none too soon. A circular gust of more than usual fierceness had twisted the top right out of the great tree, and down it camo uuon tho turf with a rending, crashing sound that made hie blood turn cold. Alter this escape he avoided the neighborhood of the groaning George lived in a neat little farmhouse about a quarter of a mile away. There was a .short cut to it across the fields, and this ho took, . breathlessly fighting his way against the gale which swept, and roared, and howled in its splendid might as it camo leaping across tho ocean irom its birthplace in the distances of air. Even the stiff hawthorn fences bowed before its breath, and tho tall poplars on tho sky-line bent like a rod beneath tho first ruBh of a salmon. Excited as ha was. the immensity and gran deur of the sight and sonnds struck upon him ayith strango and awlul force. Never before had he felt bo far apart from man and so nenr to that dread Spirit round "Whose feet millions of rolling worlds rush on for ever, at Whose . word they aro, endure and aro not. He straggled on until at last he reached the house. It was quite silent, bnt in ono of the windows a light was burning. No donbt its occupants found it impossible to sleep in that wild gale. The next thing to consider was how to make himself heard. To knock at, the door would be useless in that turmoil. There was only one thing to be dooe — throw stones at the window. He found n good-sized pebble, and, standing underneath, threw it with Biich goodwill that it went right through tho glass, lighting, as he afterwards hoard, full upon Mrs. George's sleeping nose, and nearly frightening that good womnn, whoso nerves wore already shaken by the gnlo, into a fit. Next minute a red nightcap uppeared at the window. " George," roared the Colonel, in a Inll of tho gale. "Who's there?" came the faint answer. . "Mo— Colonel Quaritch. Come down. I want to speak to yon." Tho head was withdrawn, and a conplo of minutes afterwards Harold saw tho front door begin to open Blowly. He waited till there was space enough and then Blipped in, and together tboy forced it to, "Stop a bit, sir," said George; "I'll light the lamp," and ho did. Next minute he stepped back in amazement. " Why, what on nrth hev you bin after, sir ?" he said, contemplating Harold's filth- begrimod face and hands and clothes. "Is anything wrong up at "the Castle, or is the cottage blown down ?" "No, no," said Harold; "listen. Yon'vo heard tell of the treasnre chat old Sir James de la Molle buried in the times of tho Hound- heads ?" "Yes, yes. "I've heard tell of that. Hev tho golo blown it up ?" "No, but by Heaven I believe that I am In n fair way to find it." George took another 3tep back, remembering the tales that Mrs. Jobson had told, and not being by any menus sure that the Colonel was not in a dangerous condition of lunacy. "Give me a glass of something to drink, water or milk, and I'll tell yon. I've been digging aU night and my throat's like a lime kiln. " Digging, why where ?" "Where? In Dead Man's Mount." "In Dead Man's Mount?" said George. " Well, blow me, if that ain't a fanny place to dig at on a night like this," and too amazed to say anything more, he went -off to get the milk. ' Harold drank three glasses without stopping, and then sat down to tell as much of his moving tale as bo thought desirable. George sat opposite to him, his hands on his knees, the red nightcap on bis head, and a comical expression of astonishment upon his melancholy countenance. "Woll, he said, when Harold had done, "blow me, if that nint a master ono. And yet there's folks who say that there ain't no such thing as Prowidence — not that there's anything prowided yet — p'raps there ain't nowthing there after all." " I don't know If there is or not, bnt I'm going back to see, and I want you to come with me now." " Now ?" said George, rather uneasily. " Why, Colonel, that haiut a very nice Bpot to go digging about in on n night like this. I nirer heard no gcod of that there place — not as I holds by sich talk myself," he added, apolo getically. "Well," said the Colonel, "yon can do as you like, but I'm going back at once, and going down the hole, too ; the goB mast be ont of it by now. There are reasons," he added, ".why, if this money is to be found at all, it should be found tbis morhing. To-day is Christmas Day you know." " Yes, yes, Colonel ; I know what yon mean. Bless you, I know all about it ; the old Squire must talk to somebody ; if he don't he'd bust, so be talks to me. That Cossev'a comiog for his answer from Miss Ida this morning. Poor young lady, I saw her yesterday, and she looks like a ghost she du. Ab, he's a mean one, that Cossey. Laryer Qnest wnrn't in it witb him after all. Well, I cooked hia goose for him, and I'd give sum- mnt to have a hand in cooking that banker chap's toe. You wait a minute, Colonel, and I'll come along, gale and gbostcsses and nil. I only hopo It mayn't be, after a fool's arrnnd, that's all," and he retired to put on his boots. Presently he appeared again, his red nightcap still on his head, for he Was afraid that. the wind would blow a hat off, and carrying nn unligbted lantern 111 his hand. " Now, Colonel, I'm ready, sir, if you be," and they started. (To be Continued.) 