The New Parliament. Mn. Matthew Mellor. Mr. Mellor is a Staffordshire man, and that is saying 11 great deal in his favour. JHo is about 50 years of age. His early life was devoted to farming pursuits, and 011 his arrival in Queens land ho took to his old calling, on the Logan. Ho became 0110 of the first residents of Gympie after the discovery of gold thero, and was tho first Mayor of that town. Ho has long hold a considerable interest in some of tlio prosperous mines ut Gynipio. In 1S83 ho was returned as senior member for Wide Bay, and. lias now been returned as junior member for - Gympio. In tho House Mr. Mollor watches all things, but actively en gages chiefly iu mining and farming matters ?which eomo before the Assotnbly. Ho is a self possesBed, quiet man, of practical ways, and a faithful supporter of tlio Liberal party as at present composed. Mit. A. Mokg.vn. Mr. Morgan has hardly yet lost tho bloom of youth. He wasstilloatiiigpapanddrinkinif milk when somo other colonists— when Mr. Groom for instance — first entered Purliainent. Ho is uativo born, 0110 of our own rearing. His father was propriotor and editor of tho Vunvick Argus : so is tho son. His father represented Warwick in Parliament, so docs the 6:111. Ho was returned for tho first time to the last Parliament in tho placo of Mr. Horwitz, resigned. Mr. Morgan has yot to show what is in him. In his first contest lie beat Mr. Allan, a popular man. and now ho has beaten another local celnbrity. Plainly Mr. Morgan h;u somo force of character, and may bo expected to make a good inombor. Ho thoroughly believes in the via recta — tho ghost which haunts Toowoomba — and in Sir S. W. Griffith. This is only a note, not a chapter in Mr. Morgan's history. Wo must make history beforo it can bo written. Mb. William Smyth. Mb. Smyth is a Sydney boy, and ia a genuino Smith, though I10 spells his niuno with a 'y' instead ot spelling it in the usuil way. He is 43 years old. At the early ago of 23 ho made liis way to Gympio, determined to carve out his fortuno or die iu tho effort. From engage .ments in mines he beoamo a mining manager, nnd a mineowner of the moro successful sort. Ho also took kindly to ths timbor businoss. He was returned as a representative of Gympio in 1883. In tho House Mr. Smyth Bits behind the Treasury benches as at present occupiod, and well up to fore, to show that he gives no h«lf-hoarted support to the Liberal party. He usually confines his addresses in tho Assembly to those questions of whioh llo has a thor oughly practical knowledge, always speak- ? ing forcibly and to the point. He re cently visited Europe to promoto sorao mining ventures, and ou his return it was ro purted that he had lost tho confidonco of his constituents. That has proved to be 0 mistake, sinco at his present election ho heads tho poll, severely defeating the Opposition eandidato. Mn. E. J. Stevens. Mr. Stevens, who has now been returned un opposed for tlio Logan, represented that elec torate in the Into Parliament. At his election then I10 pulled .1-15, against 429 polled by his opponent, Mr. M'Lean. But his career in Parliament, havirg been so BatiBfuctory to his constituents, there was no contest this time, although tho eleetorato lins grown, and tliero now uru iu it 1,001 voters. Mr. Stevens, who is in middle life, has for 6ome years boon ou traged in squatting pursuits, but has never allied llimseif closely with what is known us the squatting party. His seat in tho House has always boon as far down on the Opposition oross-bonohos as possible, sopuruted from the Ministerial orosa benohes only by tho passage. It is generally understood that his personal sympathies aro with the party in power. Ho has buen returned us an Independent member, bat his indepen dence is not robust. Mr. Stevens is a man of gentlemanly bearing aud of known commercial uprightness. Ho seldom speaks in tho House, but when ho does it is with tho intolligenco and quiet mauuer wliiuh otherwise mark the man. Ho is a useful representative, and in personal character a credit to Parliament. Mb. JV F. Ahnkae. Mr. Arnicar is n host in himsolf, ho is a typical 'cousin' Jack. Ho is ? 40 yoars old, and one bas only to see him to note that for tuno made some inistake in taking up the work of nature, when Bhe took up Mr. Annour. Bo is ono of tlioso undeveloped forceB which one occasionally meets with, and which cause Burprise that thoy havo done so well, and still more that thoy have not dono better. Nature in tended Mr.. Aunear to bo a speaker, and in ull gravity it may be stated that lio lias Bomo of. tho marked and indispensable qualities of a great orator. Tho wouder is that they . ure . generally used so .wollin the absence of their complementary and balancing forces. Ho, years ago commenced the business of a contractor ut Maryborough, and . is . beyond dispute tho most popular man in that town. lie was first rnturned to Parliament during tho lifotimo of the lust House, and always Bat well up on the Govern ment benelieB. His great influence in Mury , borough has had not a littlo to do with the defeat of an old Parliamentarian, Mr. King, nnd the victory of his present oolleagne, Mr. \- Hyno. John. Annear is not a talkative mem ber, but when h^ does speak, it is aB if ho believed every woid spoken und oxpeoted everyone lis tening to do the, same. Mb. W. Paitison. Mr.^PattiEon. is said to have bpen born in Tasmania, and the name in ono or other of its ^?spellings is well. known thero. A beautiful stretch of the ; country on the northern Bide is, if wo mislakb, riot, called Pattison's Plains, und a principal street'iri Liiuriccston is balled Patti son street. - We are not quite sura about tho spelling. Mr.-' Puttison for muny years pursued run honest , vocation, up northward, und by one of those raps of fortune said to come onoo at eve ly man's door Mr. Pattison obtained shares in tho great Mount Morgan mine, aud hence the uoouinulutiou of a large fortune. Qu Mr. Archer's ' .resignation of liis soat in tlie; la^ Parliament - for Blaokall, 1 Mr. I'atti ton was returned, and , now. , the it wo aro letunisd;;: for- Rockhampton proper. ' Mr. Fattiimn , jsitH ; on tho ., Opposition side of the Blouse. Ho is said to have a great admiration for Sir 8. W. Griffith, but not for I his polioy ; and not to havo a groat liking - for tho other leader, but to admire his polioy. This is, perhaps, a doubtful oomplimont to. Mr. Pattison, for it is well known that tho Premier's polioy is rather a oomprohonsivo ono, whilst 110 ono has over seen tho othor. Mr. Pattison when in the House confines his attention almost exclusively to municipal subjoots, aud ' not having in any fair Heine tho gift of speech usually treats tho Houso to golden silence. Mb. A. Aiicuuit. Mb. ABomnALD Anoiren is from Fife, in Soot land: thoonly country thatowussuoha Fife. Mr. Archer was born in 1820, audoamo to Australia so long since as 1812. Subsequently coming to Queensluud, ho enguged in pastoral and com mercial pursuits, making himself so woll known and esteomed nt Rockhampton that he was re turned us a member for that town in 1887. Under tho lato M'Hwraith Govornmont ho was Colonial Treasurer and also Seorotary for Publio Instruction. Recently ho visited Europe, having first resigned his seat in Parliament. On his return ho wns at onco thought oE ns a oandidato for hiB old oonstituoncy, and for it lie has been returned hy a substantial voto. Ho may he relied upon to .support Sir Thomas, but is not a demonstrative follower. Those who know Mr. iroher best ostoein him most as a man of more than avor.igo power, education, and experience. Ho does not fre quently speak 111 the Houso, but whon ho. does ho iu sure of a hearing. Ho is clear, s ife, and sincere. If it is a fair thing to divide mem bers by any Booial rules Mr. Archer is always safe to bo ranked amongst gentlemen. There is a family of Arehor brothers, all of thom mou known in responsible positions. Mr. Archer has, wo believe, nevor married. Mu. J. Macfablane. Whoever even looks at Mr. Macfarlane may judge him to be from tho land of cakes, oatmeal, and universities. He was born at Glasgow, and is now just on tho sunny sido of CO years of ago. It is 20 years since ho came to Queensland, pitching his tont at Ipswich, where I10 is as widely respected as known.- In 1877 he was returned to represent that town in Parliament, aud although lesB popular by a fow votes than tho now senior member, ho still has a healthy hold on h's constituents. Amid much discouragement the Opposition party set up two candidates at Ipswich, entertaining a forlorn hope that perhaps Mr. Macfarlane's seat might be knocked from under him. Thoy are a good deal discouraged to find that thoir supposed victim is to-day orowned with the laurel of tho successful man. Mr. Maofarlane is a stanch teetotaller, not tho only ouo iu the House, but one of tho most pronounced. ' It is indisputablo that his personal examplo has had no small effect upou hon. niom hers, tlio most hardened toper treatiusr him with marked respect for liia princi ples, if unable from long habit in another direction to follow his example. He is a considerable power in certain debates, and can always bo relied upon for cloar and forcible advocacy of popular measures. Ho is a good way more than an average member of the House, though as to his party ho tikos tho cross-bench position in honour of the old Ips wich bunch idea. Mb. M. Hume Blaok. Mr. Black must havo boon born within sound of Bow Bells, uud though born nearly 5'i years ago, ho still retains' somo of the genuine cockney brogue. Ho is a fairly tall, well-mado, vigorous man, with plenty of head; andaneyo that reaps harvests whero some othors see nothing to reap. Ho lately sat on the Op position Eido of tho House, but has now been returned again for Maskay, though flying an independent flag. Its precise character ono docs not know, it has both stars : und stripes, and he has always been a party man. He first engaged in pastoral pursuits in South Australia, and isnow, and for a long timo has boon, en- ? gayed also in the, sugar industry. Last year ho proceeded to London to represent tho cause of northern separation. Ho still believes in that cause, but is not unwilling to soe tried somo of tho proposed measures of Sir S. W. Griffith, giving moro local power to northern districts. Mr. Blaok is a good member of Parliament, and wculd ;be of auy Parliament ill theso lands. He contains all the possibilities of a good Minister of tho Crown. [Wo shall bo glad if members of the new Parliament will send us notes for our bio graphical sketohes.] 