SYDNEY LETTER. [FBOII ODB OWN CORRESPONDENT.] I The old saw Quern Dem vail perderé, prias demtntal was never better exemplified than by the present action of the Premier of this colony. With a large majority at biB back, and an Opposition which has given every indication of a desire for getting quietly through the work of the session, Sir Henry Parkes has suddenly sprung a motion upon the House, which bears " job " so plainly opon it, that it will be impossible for a mern ber, who bas any self- respect left, to vote for lt. The motion, which is in itself a direct statement of want of confidence in the new Chief Hallway Commissioner, is that "it is expedient to commission a properly qualified person to visit Europe, America, and parts of Asisto inquire into and obtain information on the construction and management of rail- ways," and so on, Why, in the nsme of all that ls sensible, was Mr. Eddy appointed, if it be necessary immediately on his entering on bis duties, to appoint another person to post him up in the Information necessary for their performance. The supporters ol the j motion contend that Mr. Eddy was so busy with his duties in England he could not collect information with reference to foreign railways, but in the face of this we were told, on his arrival in this colony, Mr. Eddy bad several times visited America to study ths singularities of the railway system of tbe United States, and had also exhaustively inquired into the manage- ment of the railway systems of the different European countries. The motion goes on to say that the Commission is not to last more than two years, and the salary of the Com- missioner is not to exceed £1500 per annum, with all expenses. It is an open secret that Mr. Goodchap is to be the travelling com- missioner, and that it is a put-up job to com- pensate him for not having been gi» on the Chief Raliway Commi<sionership, in addition to the handsome pension of £950 a-year which he already draws, If the Government persist in poshing this diBgraoeful motion through the House, which they can do if they wish, it will be the means of wrecking them and their party at the general election, which takes place in a little more than twelve months. As a little compensation for the stock he had given to the moral nerves of his followers, Sir Henry immediately afterwards introduced a notice of motion, which will go a long way towards strengthening the hands of Sir Thomas M'Il wai th in his dealings with Lord Knutsford on the Governorship question. It is to the effect that an address be sent to Her Majesty that only persons of experience in tbe conduct of public affairs, high political office, or in the Imperial Parliament, should in future be appointed to the Gover- norship of these colonies, and that the Governments of the colonies should be in- formed of any intended appointment, before such appointment is made. The notice of motion was recived with lond cheers all over the House, the only dissentients apparently being the leaders of the Opposition, who, with the exception of Mr. Fletcher, maintained a moody silence. Mr. Fletcher was very en- thusiastic in MB approbation, calling out " Bravo, Sir Henry ! this is the noblest work of your life." Well it is a step towards placing Australasia on a footing of absolute equality with England, The fire«, which are continually breaking out at Broken Hill, are aa mysterious as the London murders. They are evidently the work of an incendiary, yet he cannot be dis- covered. A man Damed Charles May was ar- rested on a charge of arson ; but tbe only practical result of his arrest is that all the magistrates of the districts have been set by the ears, and two retired from the Bench in a state of lachrymose indignation against the Argus, which bas insulted them, they say, and deeply wounded their feelings. Meanwhile, " to show the folk they lied " whilst May was being tried by the last remaining Magistrate, Mr. Butterworth, J. 1'., a fire broke out near the Duke of Cornwall Hotel, but was extin- guished without doing much damage. The Sydney yachts which are to take part in the races in I'ort Phillip at the end of this week, had, most of them, a very lively time of it on the passage down to Melbourne. The Bra, which arrived first, twice carried away tho jaws of her gaff, and had to roturo to Sydney once, and put in for shelter twice on the passage, once at Eden, and again at Waterloo Bay, uoder Wilson's Promontory, but could not set away from the wind, and ran back to Eden. Making a third attempt she sustained some damage to her bowspait, and bad to put back again to Eden. Her skipper is BO discouraged now that he will probably return to Sydney, and not go on to Melbourne. The little 7 tonner Assegai had to put back to Eden twice, but by laet reports passed Green Cape, beating south, and bids fair to arrive io Melbourne in time for tbe regatta. Of the open boats three only have started for Melbourne, owing to the uu expeoted alterations made in the racing regu- lations as to limit of crews. On friday last Mr. Paul's Varuna left in the s.s. Victoria, and on Saturday the Ellie and lloma, left in the Elingimite and Adelaide respectively. On Sunday last, during a southerly gale, which sprang up without any warning, clouds, or haze, there were probably more boating accidents (luckily none of them fatal) than ever before took place in one day. Ko less than thirteen sailing boats were upset, four of them between the heads, and three rowing boats were swamped by the rough water in the higher parts of tbe harbour. Good folks are just now considerably agitated in Anglican and Roman circles by the approaching return of Bishop Barry and Cardinal Moran, who left Australia at about the same time, and are now closely following each other back. Neither can trust his flock to bear np under the attractions of the other. Influential reception committees have been appointed and as usual large sums of money are to be collected by each church to show, in a practical manner, the joy occasioned by the return of its bead. Bishop Barry arrives in the P. and 0. s.s. Parramatta, and the Cardinal in the 0. s.s. Cuzco. The Sunday Concerts at the Theatres, which were the occasion of such a fuss about twelve months ago in Sydney, but which were i luckily not suppressed, are still being given at | the Criterion Theatre to crowded boueeB. They are now very much more high- class than was the case, when, owing to competition of othor theatres, the managers had to try and draw all sorts and conditions of men. But though the audiences are eminently respectable they never will unlearn the bad habit of applauding loudly between the verses of a song. This was specially noticeable on Sunday last in the case of sacred songs sang by Frances Taville and Dora Wiley, of which the effect was entirely spoilt by the ill-timed applause of tbeir too appreciative audience. The Coast Hospital, at Little Bay, is at present the subject of some discussion, owing to the presence of two rather objectionable inmates ; thc first is a white leper, who has been there now for some time. Leprosy is not generally regarded BB contagious for the white races, but until the question is settled with certainty, the Government Bhould certainly take steps to have the leprous patient properly isolated. The second objec tionable inmate is not quite so tangible SB the leper, but is sufficiently horrible owing to its mystery. It is no less than a real ghost which comes, and sits near the head of the patienta. No fewer than seven patients have been so terrified at its appearance they have insisted on leaving the hospital. Both matters have been brought up in Parliament, very properly, by Mr, Ninian Melville, who from his profession of undertaker, may be expected to be well able to bury the leper and lay the ghost. The Centennial sixpenny stamp is to be issued on the 2flth instant, and ia said to be very pretty ; but judging from the descrip- tion it must be more crowded than the penny stamp even, and that is so cramped that it is hard to tell which is the top and which the bottom. The sixpenny stamp is to be rosine in colour, whatever that may be ; on the left hand corner is the Queen's head, in the centre the ebietd of New South Wales, surrounded by Iwaratahs, wattle bloom, and ferns ; at the top of the shield is a bar with the legend "one hundred years," and at the bottom another bar with "New South Wales," and "postage sixpence" is legibly fitted in somewhere else. If that is not enough to put out the small surface of a pottage stamp, it would be hard ta find room for more. Bydney, 21st November, 1888. 