FICTION. -:0: From Riirfll.li, American, nnd other PcrforilcAli. -:0: The Usurped Inheritance. CHAPTER XXVIII. OLD MONA SEES A GHOST-VIOLA'S PROMISE. On this day Mrs. Malone ordered luncheon sent up to her room, as she wished to detain Viola near her, and she spared no pains to interest her by dis- playing to her the various objects of art, on a miniature Beale, which sho had collected while travelling in foreign lands. Lovely mosiacs, rare jewels, the settings of which were even more ex- quisite than the gems themselves for the skill with which they were wrought ; and beautiful wood carvings brought from Berne, and other points in Switzerland. There was also a fine collection of engravings, and with these to aid her memory, Mrs. Malone sketched portions of her travels in so graphic a manner that Viola was charmed. Mrs. Malone finally said : " Some day I hope we shall make up a family party and make an extended tour. When Hugh recovers wo will arrange our future plans. He will require a chango, and as the winter comes on, we will probably make arrangements to spend the cold months in Italy. There you can find both fine , scenery and noble art." Viola put down the engraving she was examin- ing, and abruptly said : " If you expect me to go with you as Hugh's wife you will be disappointed. Papa has spoken to me about his wish that we should bo married, and I have thought of it long enough to know that it can never be." " And why not, my dear?" asked Mrs. Malone, softly. " Dear child, if you only knew how delusive the thing called first love is, you would not cling to the belief that you can only ho happy with the person who has awakened a passing interest in your mind. I say a passing interest advisedly, for Mr. Malcolm must Boon become to you as a mere myth, | parted from him, as you are, for all time." Viola flushed crimson, and then grew very pale. " If ho submits to be parted from me in that way I can forget him, hut it will not be that I may give my hand to Hugh. He loves Georgia, and if press- ure is to be brought to bear on both of us to bring about the union papa seems to have set his heart on, that union would promise very little happiness to either of us." " As much as attends most marriages, I fear," said the elder woman, sadly. "I rushed into a secret marriage with the man I madly loved ; he seemed oven more passionately attached to me than I was to him, yet see the rtsult. Years of hitter penitence on my side-of disenchantment on his, and only at this late day has he set my conscience at rest by what took place yesterday. Marriage is truly a lottery, Viola, and those who are suited to each other in position and culture are far more likely to find happiness together than the wayward ones who ask more than it is human nature to give -a desperate passion which will not soon burn itself to cold ashes." Viola gazed on her with dilating eyes, too much touched and suprised to speak. She had thought only of the romance of the long concealed marriage, not of the blight which it had caused to fall on two lives, matched, but not mated. Mrs. Malone went on, in the same sad tones : " From your infancy you have been designed for Hugh's wife, and your father will not falter in his purpose to make you such, for he knows it is for the ultimate happiness of both of you. Hugh's infatu- ation for Georgia is over. He knows since yester- day afternoon how heartlessly she haB led him on, with no intention of redeeming the pledges she had i given him. They had a fearful scene on the hill- side, and parted forever. The poor boy came back to me broken hearted, and in the state of excite- ment which led to his subsequent attack. Georgia acted wisely in going to her new guardian for this house was no longer a possible home for her." Viola listened with bowed head and drooping lips. All the brightness seemed to have gone out of her sweet face, all joy from her young heart. She firmly said, though : " Neither papa nor any one else shall coerce or persuade me into a marriage I do not like. Hugh is but a boy, and we scarcely know each other." " So much the better, my dear. You can get ac- quainted, and learn to like each other in the pro- cess. Hugh is no boy ; he is several years older than you ; and he has many noble and attractive qualities. You are a far more lovable person than that young firebrand who has withdrawn herself from him, and a few weeks' association will enable him to see how much more lovable you are than Georgia. If they had not been thrown so constantly together, Hugh would never have thought of her." ' " But-but even if Hugh should take a fancy to me, I have no intention of allowing myself to be- come his second choice. Even if Georgia has gone to claim the protection of her now guardian, it does not follow that he is faithless to rae on her acount. For weeks Mr. Malcolm and I were thrown together in most intimate association, and papa must accept tlie results that flowed from his tacit encourage- ment of our love for each other. I have promised to marry hire, and until I am released by himself I will not give him up. I have thought it all over, and that is my final decision." Though surprised and annoyed by this candid statement, Mrs. Malone was not discouraged. She said: " Your father thought you perfectly safe with so honorable a man as he then believed Mr. Malcolm to be. He considered 'him bound to accept the provisions of Mr. Aiken's will, and never supposed that he would iake the advantage he did of the friendship that was allowed to spring up between you. Robert had not apprised you of his views for yourself, because he wished you and Hugh to meet and form such an attachment as would have been surf» to spring up between you but for the un- fortunate entanglement into which you had mutually fallen." " Mr. Malcolm has acted honorably throughout i the whole affair," said Viola, resentfully, " and I will not he induced to think evil of him. Papa should have guarded me better if he had other views for me. I will not marry without his con- sent, neither will I accept the husband he has chosen for me, even if Hugh can be brought to sub- mission, which I doubt." Mrs. Malone smiled faintly. " You aro very positive, my dear, but stronger people than you have had. to succumb before your father's will. As to Hugh, I have no doubt as to what will happen when he is himself again. The true diamond will be recognized and valued far above the paste imitation, and he will ask to claim it as his own. We will not discuss Mr, Malcolm, for I only know him through what Robert has told me ¡ but I should like to make an agreement with you, Viola." " Of what nature ? I can promise nothing." " You can promise me this, dear, that if nothing further is heard from Mr. Malcolm you will at least take into consideration the plans of your father, and if, in the end, they are not too repug- nant to you, you will try to make us all happy by doing as we wish." After a brief pause Viola said : " I may safely promise that, for if Mr. Malcolm lives I shall surely hear from him. He is not a man to be easily driven from his purpose, and I known that he loves me." " It would be a wonder if he did not, charming | and fair to see as you are, Viola, for it is not often that one meets with a lovelier girl than you," said the flattering voice, tuned to its gentlest tones. " I rejoice in the fate which gave you to me as my daughter, and I will hope that the boy I love very dearly moy yet be BO fortunate as to win you for his wife." Viola shook her head almost defiantly. | " You are very good to estimate me so highly, but that can never bo. Hugh and I may bo good I friendB, but nothing more." " Remember your promise, dear." " So I will j but that will amount to nothing. I shall hear from my lover as certainly as the sun will rise to-morrow." "And hear no good of him either," muttered Malone to himself, as he came in through the open door. " Only wait a few hours, young lady, and see what fate has in store for him." His wife looked up at him, and asked : "Has Father Jerome aroused from his heavy sleep yet ?" "No; he must have been keeping awake for a month past, I think, to sleep as he does," was the gruff roply. "I've stayed by Hugh until I feel fagged and wretched, and I think I'll go out and walk about the place. I've hardly visited all my old favourite nooks yet. You are quite sure that nothing can happen to Hugh while I am gone ?" " Quite. Do you think I would have left him if I had any apprehensions as to his safety ? He will not wake before the hour named by the priest, and this long magnetic fleep will prove the salvation of his life and reason. I have often seen its effects before, and I am only surprised that you should know so little about them." " I have nevor investigated it, because I thought it an absurd humbug. Such marvellous stories have been told about it that I refused to believe in anything that was stated. If I had been in Hugh's .room, I think I should have refused to have it tried on him ; but he was asleep when I went back to him, and his condition is so critical that I feared to insist on having the influence removed. You should ? have sent for me before you allowed the priest to have his own way ; and if evil, in place of good, comes to the boy from such charlatanism, I shall hold both you and him responsible." " I accept the responsibility," said his wife, coldly. " I take as warm an interest in Hugh as you do, and I believed that Father Jerome's skill could alone save him from a terrible attack of brain fever-perhaps from insanity itself. I knew your prejudice against magnetism, therefore I did not summon you to object, as you would have done, to its use." *' You took a great deal on yourself, I must say," he almost rudely replied ; " but you are not to act again without consulting me. I choose to be the head of my own house, and nothing is to be done in it without my approval. If Hugh is ultimately benefited-good-' all is well that ends well." If not-ah ! words fail me to express the retribution . I would call down on your head if evil results to him from this blind tampering with agencies with which we are imperfectly acquainted." | He seemed to have forgotten the presence of Viola, and she listened in amazement to such words and tones addressed to the woman she had be- lieved so dear to him. Malone caught the expres- sion of her face, and spoke almoßt as brusquely to her as to bia wife : " You need not look so strangely, Viola ; a man cannot always be making love to his wife, as you will find out some of these days. And Pauline thinks because of what took place here yesterday that she is to act as she pleases, and get me under her thumb as completely as I have held her under mine for so many years." Mrs. Malone only looked at him deprpcatingly, and Viola, in a shocked voice, said : " It is strange to me to hear you speak in this way to any one, papa; I thought you the most considerate and kind-hearted of men." " To you I always have been such, because you have never placed yourself in opposition to me. Remember one thing, Viola : I will not be thwarted in anything I have set my heart on, and guide yourself accordingly. I have been soft with you, but I can bo hard as iron, as Pauline can tell you." He went out, as he finished saying this, just in that desperate humor which leads men to commit any act of^vjolence_which"a"br;i,tal_,,and »nrp-1. and bli ,..tive. Sfops nair coming out ; strengthens, cleanses, heals lp. ' 8ltf N 