CHAPTER XXm. But now the hand of fate is on the curtain And gives the scene to light. If the morning that tire some headache is 'worse than ever. Norah manages to get down to breakfast, bat only to play with her toast and to refuse with a glance of distaste any thing offered her. " How ill you look, darling," says 3Iadam some hours later, meeting her in one of the anterooms, equipped for walking. "Like a little pretty ghost. I am us distressed about it, ana your "father coming to-morrow, too! It is dreadful; he will say I hare not taken any care of you." "Who could hare taken more ?" says the Duchess sweetly, slipping an arm round her neck. " Tou hare made me feel always that you lore me." "Hare 15" rcry pleased. "That is as it should be, then, and only the barest truth. Every mother should lore her own little daughter." She smiles and kisses the girl with a lingering fondness, and smoothes back the soft ruffled locks' from her hot brow. "Tou are quite feverish, darling. Do you know I am growing really uneasy about you ?" " It is this headache." "But what a persistent one. Will you 6ce Dr. Morgan?" " Ho, no, indeed," laughing. " What non» sense, auntie., I'll tell you, though, what I think of doing. Of going out, and staying out for quite ever so long. Hake an excuso for roc at luncheon, and don't expect me again until you see roe. I feel as if a good doso of tho strong wild wind ouUido is the one thing that can blow these cobwebs out of my brain. " Then go, by all means, dearest. Try your own medicine first, mine afterwards," says Hadaui. " But, before you go—& biscuit and a glass of hlftdcira. Come now, I insist, and for reward, I'll tell any pretty fib you like about you at luncheon." The doll and cheerless suu, that &U; day long has been making so poor a pretence at jollity, has ut last sunk behind tho hills. Already daylight wane*, and the heavy gusts of wind that, rushing through the fir tops, stirred tho wide air since curly dawn, have now gained in strength, and arc roaring sullenly with a sub dued force, that speaks of a violent outburst later on. One or two heavy drops of rain fall with a quick, soft sound atHoran * feet. They rouse her front the reverie in which she has almost lost herself; rouse her, too. to a knowledge of tho fact that day is nearly dead, <&nd; that the air is full of i-igus of the coming storm. So busy have beeu her thoughts during hnr long, swift ramble thrqugh the woods anil over the hills, and thcnco into unknown woods again, that to her it seems as though it is but a little while wince she walked i:o:n the broad stone steps thut lead to th« «ntranee door at Castle Vcntry; find yet, ii> rcitlity, how Jung has it beep? . i-.<8h0 pauses to look round her to notice for tho flrat time how, swiftly tho darkness is be ginning to fall; to see, too, with a vague yet sharp touoh of fear, that the place .wherein she now stands is strange, unknown to her. Whither have her restless feet carried her.; all the landmarks by which she had been used to guide herself are now behind hor, lost to her, unless she can retrace her steps to some spot familiar. A huge black cloud has gathered overhead, and is covering all tho heavens. - A little fine, white mist begins to fall, a shadowy sort of shower, that presently declares haelf mere, openly, and becomes an honest downpour. Larger and larger grow thq drops, darker and darker tho atmosphere ; and now the - first mild sense of fear gathers In force and becomes uncomfortably definite. Turning, she begins to walk briskly in the war sho believes she has come, bat which in reslity is only taking her the more deoidodly from Ventry; when she had walked in this direotion about 20 minntes, she pauses and looks around her, only to find herself hopelessly astray. _ -Blacker grows fhc leaden sky above, as seen in irregular patches throngh the arching brunches over her head. Slowly, steadily rises the storm; already the wind begins to rush past her with a fierceness thnt makes her limbs tremble.* Standing still, with her arm round a sapling oak for support, and feeling a very natural thrill of terror as she acknow ledges to herself that sho scarcely knows where to torn, she happens to lift her head and there on her right she sees an old broken-down cottage, or hut rather—close to a tall fir tree, that appears to bend over it as if offering pro tection. It will give shelter at least. Running towards it- she steps quickly, thankfully, into the miserable one bare room of which it can boast. Bead leaves blown in by many winds strew the earthen floor. A wide open chimney holds on its hearth the grey ashes of dead fires old and gone. The Bnchess, with a sense of rather uncanny loneliness, looks with ungrateful backward glances at this spot that alone has held out to her the arms of pity. How long has it stood here a prey to ghosts? Hot so long, apparently. In ono corner stands a pile of rotten fir logs, and near it a handle of twigs, or l< kippens," as the peasants call them, that suggest a desire on the part of the late tenants to light one more fire before they should leave this dilapidated home for ever. Through two large holes in the thatched roof the rain is falling with a quick steady drip, and Jtorah, avoiding it as best she may, leans dis consolate against the open doorway and gazes with many misgivings on the dismal scene without. It must be now about 5 o'clock according to her calculation—in reality it is considerably later—and they will all be now in the library, somo gathered roand the welcome tea-tray, others lounging in the pretty tea go wnsin tho softest chairs to be fonnd. . .Deilis, too, will have come in long ago from his shooting, and perhaps—perhaps will now be thinking of her and wondering where she is. ! little uneasy too, it may be. She can almost see his handsome, rather melancholy faco of late, with tho eyes turning so constantly to the Well, well; why think of it? Ho may wonder and watch, and long for her coming; but of what avail will it all bo There ia So | mid to it bnt one. She will not dwell upon it. Let her rather fain her thoughts to tho fact that she is imprisoned here until the storm shall cease, and that even after that she will not know what direction to take to roach Vcntrv. How dark it grows, blacker and hlacker irown the heavens. The dimmest twilight ia 1 all that is left of tho day just done. What will they think of her at the Castle? With [ what o contemptuous sneer Katheriue will hint at the barbarous bad tasto of these who can plunge so unreasonably a whole household into a state of apprehension, for tlio sake of their | own idlo whims! And besides Great Heaven! what is that ? Only the report of a gun. But coming through -he gathering darkness of the descend ing night, it strikes ^with a cold terror at her heart. And then all at once, she scarcely knows why. that past scene upon tho gravel sweep, stands out before her mental gaze once more. Once again the dog's yelp of agony sounds on tho air: once again Moloney is felled to the ground: she bees him rise, and marks agam tho deadly threat of vengeance in his eyes. I A fear, born of nothing, as truo fears somo- ' times are, becomes strong within her. Her heart beats fast, her hands grow cold, her cheek pales. How if that murderous, though silent threat, has been even now fulfilled! even if now he, her soul's beloved, lies, powerless*, dead with the heavy, cruel pattering rain fail 1D?I ,,r always on tho dull, insensato body. It is but a littlo thing after this to picture tho white, ghastly upturned face, with the dead, staring eyes, tho parted lips showing the gleaming teeth just a littlo. Oh,beavcn ! Oh no! Oh .' no, no, no. ' Sho shudders violently, and flings out her hands as though to ward off tho awful sight and sho thus stands trembling all over o'-aiu that sharp sound rings through tho darkless. She clutches tho doorway, and with diluted eyes stares outwards, straining sig'bt and hear Again. close at hand it now sounds—rin-6 out the sharp crack of a revolver, and following on it, the hang of a breech-loador To l.er H0,b,"""ids nro alike, but for all that, instinct is alert within her, and holds tol a nnd not for one moment fs S'"",11! «"> reasonable solution of tho problem that Benis on his homeward wav has just knocked over a brace of birds. Conquertog a sickeaing sensation that comes »!re rushes impetuously rain „„ S V0"*' a,,d thruu"b tt»> blinding to i" way to tllp "I'°t from whence ha,v<: ajm°- To her surprise, a f'? ''""yxher toariv-in the ground that 1 a trays to h.-r tho fact, of a vr.ud thai, lies 4 "e,!iw "!l" '* H'ouiin-.. A hi-:, J I.m>.. lopivd by fur/.- ' bushes, M,)cs purt or* tho wood ■ where - ehu ■ now. stands from the 7 public .way, though a dilapidated gateway lower down permits tier to nee where the road runs. As she draws nearer to it she becomes conscious that broken sounds are beginning to. fall upon her carp' panting breaths, muttered curses,' the swaying move ments of feet. In this moment she knows, aa • well nB though Bho can already see him, that Denis is on the rood, close to that broken gateway, and that he is fighting fiercely for dear life. All at onco her faintness leaves her. A cold nhill rushes through her, hardening every nerve. Springing to the top of the high bank, she looks through tho furze trashes, down on to the road beneath, and sees . 