Wesleyan Church Shep parton. LAYING THE FOUNDATION STONE. The Wcalcynn portion of our com munity was in high "Ice on Friday lost, nnd turned out in largo mimbors to witness a pleasing event in connection with their church, viz., the laying of the foundation stone. The Sunday School children were arranged in double tile at the Sunday school in Stewart-stroet, nnd under the supervision of Mr Archbold, ue.e marched along Maude-strcet, to the scene of the interesting ceremony. Here ttiey were met by a large number of visi tors of all denominations, nnd when the llcv. Aldny announced the singing of hymn 700 by the choir, there must have been an attendance of over two hundred. The h'evs. Alday, Clements, llarninglinm, nnd the Captain and Lieutenant of the Salva tion Army occupied the stage. After prayer had been engaged in the children of the Sunday school sang a hymn. The lion, sec., Mr Ford re td a report of the church and showed that it was in a very satisfactory condition with regard to tinanee. The llcv. Clements stated that ho hnd a hr.ttle containing a copy of the ITc/orion /•awtees’ Gazette, Advertiser, A'eics, Daily Telegraph, lTcslcynn Spectator, and other papers; also the report read and a few sp ire co ns, together witli a list of all the lending statesmni, townsmen, Parliamen tary members for this district, merchants, stores, places of worship, public buildings, the picsidentof the shire, contractor and architect, the gasworks, nnd waterworks in course of construction, etc, in n bottle which he intended to bury under the stone, and which would tend to show those who come after us, ns to the condition of the town hip and the colony generally nt the time the stone was laid. The rev. gentleman stated that he was sorry to say that llcv. E. I. Wntkin, H.D. president of Wesley College, who it was announced would undertake the pleasing duty of lay ing the foundation stone, had forwarded a telegiam stating that ho was so unwell that lie could not fulfil his engagement. However he was pleased to say that Mrs Longstuft had consented to come forward and perform the pleasing tn-k. Mrs Lnngstail then stepped forward, and with a beautiful silver trowel spread the mortar for the reception of the stone, nnd when lowered to its place, she lightly lapped it into proper position, ami declared the foundation stone of the Wesleyan Church faithfully laid in the name of the Father, Son and Holy Ghost. The llcv. Mr Aldny said the absence of the liev. E. I. WntUm hid nlnced him (llcv. Aldny) in a rather awkward pre dicamcnt. ns it was fully expected that that gentleman would do the talking part of the business. However, lie would do his best. He congratulated thm e who had worked so hard to have a new church built, nnd was pleased to sav they could now see their endeavors carried to a suc cessful end. The church would be fitted with the latest improvements with regard to ventilation, sitting accommodation, and tile general convenience of those who attended divine worship. He pointed out that tile church had been built on the one side of the ground belonging to them, so that at some future time they could build another far more extensive one, nnd use Lie present church as n Sunday-school. The rev. gentleman concluded an impres sive ceremony by appealing to those pre sent io contribute their donations towards defiayiug the expanses of the building. Donations quickly started to eomo in nnd when tlio stone was cleared the amount turned out to be £00. A tea meeting was held in the Public Hall at lialf-past five and was well attended. There was nil abundant supply of eatables of excellent quality, nnd the tables were laid out in really first-class style. 