TALE. K*m ? The Belle of San Miguel, By I^OKIIES IIliLIlMANS. II. [CteCLUDED,] Bofore sunrise next morning the Don left the Horseshoe V 3 Ranch. He lnd passed a sleepless night, thinking ever what he had licard, and as he pl.iccd his foot in the stirrup and mounted liozinanle, he swore a reverential oath that, come what might, Mirandy should be saved. Ii was true he had not been well treated, cit'icr by the widdcr or Mirandy, he told himself again, yet— love ycr enemies— lic'd heap coals of fire on their heads, and do Ihem good for evil. That had been his principle, ever since ho reformed. Besides, what man of spirit and honor could see such an outrage committed, and not inter fere ? Even if the girl '.vere a stranger to him, he could not do less than shoot the vil lain, and restore her to her weeping family. But when she was his lieai t's-ease— Mirandy ! Rejoice, for the hour is at hand ! ,He pulled out his eaibine from its holster under liis leg to see if it was all right. And yet, wasn't shooting too good for a man who would treat a woman as Bob Green was going to treat Mirandy ? Shouldn't he be hanged ? Then he examined the raw-hide lasso that hung from his saddle-horn, in painful doubt on this question. He would intercept the party at the Monte zuma crossing, he told himself, and show Bob Green that there was one man of honour and courage still left in San Miguel County : and lieM do the deed single-handed; perhaps Mirandy would smile upon him a little for that— perhaps she'd— mairy him. B'hold tli' bridegroom comelh— perhaps. His head grew dizzy at this thought, and he pushed his horse into a hard gallop, and rode out of sight of the ranch. When the sun rose that morning, it lit up a perfect day. Here and there on the rolling mesas stood a sentinel cactus or pinion that split up the yellow light into long lanes that lay softly on the lea. As the day grew older and the shadows shorter, one might have no ticed a small cumulus clou I in the west, hang ing close to the line where land and sky joined. This cloud grew larger and darker as it sailed up toward tlie zenith, and others fol lowed it until the blue was hidden behind the gray. Then swift zigzag- streaks of gold darted from one part of the heaven to an other, und dull, rumbling peals of thunder followed the flashes. There was coming a storm in Apiil— an extraordinary occurrence in New Mexico. Down the road that skilled Los Tanos I might have been seen two persons — a man and woman— riding at full speed. : The man sat I bolt upright in liis saddle— a perpendicular ! line from his shoulder would have touched his j hip, his knee, and his heel— and he stuck as close to the leather as if he had been tied there. Beside him galloped the woman, ' mounted upon a spirited chesnut mare, which she rode oil a side-saddle. Upon her head she wore a huge white sombrero, tied tightly under her chin, and from beneath this her hair had slipped and hung i' masses down her back. Her riding-habit was a long flowing skirt of some dark brown material, and her left foot— although concealed by her dress — carried a spur, with which she now and then urged her steed onward. Tiie man looked anxiously up at the sky, and turning to his companion, said ; j ' Can't you git a little more outenthe marc, Mirandy ? 'We must git across tlie Monte zumybog afore the ruin coines, if we want to git married this year. Least bit o' water there *11 make the mud loo soft.' 4 I don't 'low I kin do nnythin' better, Bob,' said Mirandy; 'still 1'U try.' She spurred again and again. To each prick of the steel ? the animal responded with a few vicious jumps then settled back into the lope. i ??Its no use, Bob,* she said; 'I can't git ; her outen this gait.* 4 'Well, we must take our chances, then/ ! fcaid Bob. ''We can't turn back now; the bidder '11 be after us in two hours with a j possy.' Before them stretched the low, flat expanse of the marsh, extending to the right and left for beveral miles. To look at, the surface of the bog appeared to be a hard crust, baked dry and still, and covered with a while coating of alkali, through which grew no manner of living plant. So parched had the land become that it was split and seauied with cracks that yawned for moisture. Down through the middle of this desert flowed the sluggish streaip.4hat came from the Montezuma spring, a curious natural, phenomenon that yielded a I watcr aa-bitter and 'lre^vy^s Uuvt ol the Dead ^a, ,yet,- sir^!)g0'-f-r*5uy,iii0urished a row of i tree§, wiciKiw^u4'pinc, with her^and there a spaly, riaVrow-fcfceftcd cyprcss that grew along the edgoa pf thfe creqk. ft'tesa ticcs\wcre the only gaeu 'hiJ?gs for triJib— the I&nd; else where ptesented & bare, ciesofetc^ppcaranco. Across- -this^bog -there .-was' a faint path which could be traversed^ Lhe dry season ; but once let the crust become wet, and it Xurned to a slimy mud that yielded to the weight of a man or horse, and gripped so tightly what it seized thut self-relief was impossible. Just before the two riders reached the edge of the bog, the storm which had been gather ing all the morning, suddenly burst upon them* Sharp flashes of lightning darted from one teack cloud to another, and loud, rumbling thunder answered the flashes. Then came the rain.' The man hurriedly sprang from his horse, and, untying his ' slicker/ which he had carried tightly bound to his saddle, wrapped tlie huge yellow oil-cloth coat about the girl, and mounting again, pulled liis sombrero down over his face. ' Wal, we got to go on, Mirandy. No use stoppin' here. Jn half nn hour the creek will be up so's wc can't cross anyhow. How's your mare ? Skittish, least bit ? ' ' 'Wal, I reckon I'd better slip a hackamorc over her head an1 lead her, then ; jest give her a loose rein an' she'll go all right.' Thus they advanced across the bog. The rain poured down in sheets, as it docs in tho tropics. The water soon obliterated the path, and the dry earth greedily drnnlc up the moisture. Tlie ground grew softer and softer every moment. Twice Bob's horse sank to the knees, and once the marc narrowly cscaped. But at length they reached the stream that flowed through the marsh and gave it its name. It was perhaps fifty feet wide; shallow, sluggish, and evil-looking, with rocky banks that gave refuge to innumerable rattle-snakes and lizards. Pausing a moment on the edge to assure himself that that his companion was all right, Bob started to ride iuto the creek/ * Don't you toiler me, Mirandy/ he said, 'till I pull on th' tug; the bottom's nasty 'long here, special since this rain begun.' All this time the Don had been concealed in ambush a few yards off, nnd dripped dis consolately in the rain which was falling. He had reached his present position with great difficulty. The trail across the bog was quite unknown to him, and he had been obliged to dismuiml nnd lead his horse. The storm that followed had washed out hia tracks, and pre vented those who came after from suspecting his presence. He was too far away to hear what Bob said to Mirandy, but he could see her sad face — her eyes seemed big with tears — and her long brown hair, which hung down her back, resting in wet masses on the yellow ' slicker/ gave her the look of some lonely martyr maiden in the grasp of a vicious giant. He burned to distinguish himself, to rcscuc helpless virginity from the power of the monster. Not only was hero an innocent female being carried off by force, but she was his inamorata— the Dulcinea del Tanos whom he had so long worshipped, silently but faith fully. He watched Bob ride into the stream ; ho | saw his horse lifted off' his feet, and carried down by the flood current; lie saw him recover his foothold again ; then he heard Bob shout to Mirandy : ' Go back ! go back ! ' and he realized that the horse was fast in the bog— Jor Bob was cutting him right and left with his heavy riding whip, while the animal was churning the water into foam in his frantic efforts to escape. Now was the Don's chance. There was the wicked monster helpless to harm his Dulcinea, while here was he, her saviour, free aiid unfettered. So touching Rosinante with bis heel ho dashed out from behind the cliapparal, and rode straight at Mirandy. She gave a little scream when she saw him coming; it was not like Mirandy to indulge in such feminine weakness, but just then her nerves were quite upset. The Don endeavored to reassure her. ' Fear not, maiden— fly with me. I will save you/ he said, and lie laid his hand upon her bridle-rein. ?'Halt!* cried a voice. The Don looked up, and his eye caught sight of a shining object tbat seemed suspended in the air without support, like the coffin^pf Mahomet. It appeared to occupy space to the exclusion of everything else/ for the Don could sie nothing but the sinister-looking weapon, except the more sinister eye of Bob, which glistened behind it. ?' He saw it was a pistoJ, and although -lie - showed no emotion, he mentally raved at Ins own rashness. He had stupidly put 'his head' in the lion's mouth ; Bob had got the drop on1 with a forty-five, at fen yards. A nice predi cament truly, for one who wished to appear well before Mirandy. ~ 'What you monkeyin' 'bout here lur?' asked Bob, sternly, and his gray eyes looked wicked as he snapped out his words. ' Put yer hands up — put 'em up, I say !' The Don reluctantly obeyed. It was a most hnmiliating position for a knight like himself to bo placed in— just as he was:about to rescue his own Dulcinea — but what could he do ? He was not afraid, he was simply yielding to cir cumstances — Bob's persuasive air and six shooter — when he raised his hands and sat there on Rozinanle, dripping from every angle. Bob studied the situation a moment. ''What hed we better do, Mirandy ?' he asked. '? I've a notion to turn my forty-five loose into him — fur mixin' himself up in fam'ly affairs How'd he get here anyway ?' ? 'Better outen that quag first, Bob/, said Mirandy, with great good sense : 4 you kin shoot him most any time/ 'That's 'bout so, I guess. Look hereiyou, he said to the Don, 'what you harigiu' round here fur, anyhow ?' *' I came here to roscuc Innercence — from a villain, an' to lmve — Vcngeancc/_ said the Don, witli an effort, /orchis* position, with his hands above his head; was a tiresome as well as a ridiculous one. ? Haw ! haw !' laughed Bob, hoarsely. 1 You seem to be doin' it in §reat shape. None o' that ! Put 'cm up-J'- he adde'd, 'sharply, as the Don lowered hitching arms a little. s ' Wal, you^ire a tenderfoot/ said Mirandy/, looking at him scornfully. 'Fust place, .1 ain't innerce{lt, an' Bob ain't a villain. We're, on our waj{to Santy Rosy to get married !' Married ! VClie Don was thunderstruck. He- had not expected this. It was not an abduc tion, but an elopement after all. Here was he blocking the wheels of Love's chariot when he believed he was pusliing'.tkom out ofithe Slough of Despond. Mirandy going to marry Bob ! Then slip' could no longer be his Dul cinea ! What {should he do ? At first he trembled with indecision and doubt, but- in a moment, like the true knight he was, l;o bowed to the lady's choice, and saluted her grace fully. Mirandy watched his face attentively, and, as he bent forward in obeisance, said : ' I reckon you kin put up your gun, Bob Ho'b all solid,' and Bob returned his pistol to its holster. Thou tho Don sot manfully to work to' smooth tho pnth of true love, whioh thus far had been rough onough. If he could not bo tho very heat man, ho would bo tho noxtbosfc, und ho hurriedly untied tho raw-hido lasso that hung in a. neat coil from tho saddle horn, just in front of his right knee. 'All this timo Bob had beon seated on hio mired horflo, iu midstream, quito powerless to help himself or hia animal. Tho Don rode to tho' edge of tho bank, and said : ' I oal'lato to ehuok this over yo, Bob, and git ye outen thar. Look out !' Bob nodded his acqiucseeaee. Very deftly tho Don swung tho loop about his hoad, opening it at eaoh turn with a gentle raovoment of his wrist ; then, when it had acquired just tho right momentum, ho let it slip from his hand. It wont weaving and twisting through tho air, nnd settled down overBob's shoulders. Taking a turn of tho free end about his saddle-horn, tho Don baoked Rozinanto away from tho stream, and in anothor second Bob, wot and muddy, stood by Mirandy's side. Tho Don did nothing by halves, aud when ho saw Mirandy jump to tho ground to greob hor lover; ho disoroetly turned his hoad aside, and endeavored, though ineffectually, not to hear tho sounding sinaolc that followed. That little matter ovor, onoo more ho swung his lasso, and onco moro it shot snakily through tho air. This timo tho opon loop dropped ovor tho head of tho horse. Now tho don had his hands full ; tho animal ' reared, and struggled, and snorted, but tho effect of tho strong, steady pull was apparent in timo, and at last the horse stood upon tho bank — muddy, trembling, and weak. About four o'clook that afternoon 'a party of tlirco rodo into Santa Rosa. In spite of their wet and bedraggled appearanco it was plain that two of them wero in excollent spirits. The third .was silent and preoccu pied. Tho rain had long since oeasod ; tho warm sun had dispersed tho clouds, and tho bluo sky was without a spot or speok. The party rodo straight to tho littlo adobo church — built years ago by an ovor-sanguino mis sionary* but now a long timo unoccupied. It stood gable-end to tho plaza, its ridgo orna mented with a bell-tower whioh sheltered a voiceless bell. To tho rail in front of tho ohurch wcro hitohed threo or four saddled ponies, while loitering in tho shade were as many men, dressed in their best, with freshly greased boots nnd clean- shaven faces, that showed whito by contrast with their sun burned necks and foreheads, '.Well, boys! here wo be!' cried Bob, oheorfully, as ho drew up. ' Everythin' all right, Bill?' 4 Yes/ said Bill Ransom, as ho .stopped up and laying his hand on Mirandy's rein, helped her to clisirount. 'How d'ye do, ma'am? You're lookin' well.' Then noticing tho Don, ho leaned over to Bob and whispered ; ' Good Gawd ! Bob ! 'What's that? Some new kind of fam'ly ghost ?' ' He's my hated rival/ said Bob, compla cently; 'an' he's goin' to givo the bride away, owin' to tho unavoidable absence of her mother/ Hero ho winked at Bill in a very facetious manner. 4 Givo us all away, you mean/ growled Bill. 'Looks 'b if io'd bin locoed/ but no ono seemed to hear him. ' Wal, come on now, boys/ said Bob, as he gallantly tucked Mirandy's arm tlirough his. 4 Come along 1 Less get this littlo exper' mentover. Is the Hon'able Justice Parker on deck an' soborj Bill ?' 'The Hon'ble Justice Parker, I rogrot to say,' Baid Bill slowly, 1 is on deck — remark- ably so — but far from sober. Ho attempted to olean out the 'Maveriok ' at exaotly two . p.m., an' we had to tie him an' put him to bed, whore he now is, a ravin' maniac, from too much strong drink.' j I Bob uttered a very profane ejaoulation. ' ' Curse him I I give him five dollars in advance 'cause ho promised to keep straight till alter tho weddin'/ ho said. 'What wo goin' to do P Tom Davis an' the widder '11 be hero in an hour with a possy, an' I waut to git married fforo they come. There's sure to be a fight, an' I want to leave Mirandy all right in case* I git hit.' ' The Don stopped forward. * If you'ro lookin' fur somo ono to marry yo,' ho said, ' I reokon I kin help ye out — do good fur evil —as I'm qualified to that extent, hevin' a license to preach an' marry.' ; r. It was a vcry'.-short ceremony as the Don performed it, and he brought it to a close in a style that some of the guests thought a little abrupt. 'Walk ye in 'the narrer rud — I pro nounce ye both one an' the same.' Indeed, Bill Ransom was much dissatisfied with the whole affair. 'Le's make him do it over again/ he said,; ?'taint more'n half bindin' as 'tis now. I could've done it better'n that myself.' But Bob would not hear of it. 'No, siree!' he said; 'we're married, an' thet's enough. There's no double or quits about this. I'm satisfied, if Mirandy is,' and Miraudy said she was, entirely so. 'An' now, gen'lemen,' said Bob, a few moments later, standing in front of tlie Mave rick bar, ' here's my thanks to all, an' good bye.' He slowly, raisedius glass, and held it an instant between his oyer and the light. 'Mirandy an* I cal'Iatc to rid over. to Porty de Luny. to-night ; its only twenty-five mile/ anr we've borrowed a couple o' fresh hoss^, an' to- morrow- we'll go on, up to my place on thr 'Lupy.ereek.- A week from to-day we'll lie v. a dance, an* you're all to come. By.that rime the widder. '11 be all solid, I reckon. I'm sorter glad wc did not meet her to-day ; she's so devilish sensitive^ she'd shot some one, sure.' . As Bob and Mirandy rode away, they were sped on their journey by a salute from a dozen revolvers. Bill Ransom, who felt that he oc cupied the- position of best man, was deter mined that the affair should come nothing short of complete success, and he hurriedly pulled ofF his huge riding-boot and threw it after them, spur and all. ' 'Not hevin* a slip per,' he said, 'I fired my boot — fur luck — though it's God's mercy it didn't hit 'em.' * * * * * _ A year from that day saw very fow changes in San Miguel County. The widder and Tom had long sincc forgiven Bjb and Mirandy, who were living at Bob's ranch on the 'Lupy creek. With what Mirand) hacl brought him, added .to his own, Bob found himself owner of three ' hundred and fifty cows, which mado hiin quite a man of property. But then, there, was every reason why he should be, since he was a man of family also. ' Yes, sir ; it's a boy, just as J certain as tho world,' lie had announced t at ; Sania Rosa; 'but lie's redder an' softer'n i what I sposed babies gen'rally was. I'm | sorter 'fraid to touch him, fear he'll break in I two, but he's a healthy breather.' j This addition to his responsibilities made ! Bob more sedate and steady-going than before. , He worked hard, early and late, and his only | play-time whs at night, when he took his seat by the fire and watohed Mirandy and the baby. | lLord! it's the quccrcstcst thing, to set here an* see you fixin' that thero kid, Mirandy, just, as if you'd neyer done nothin' else all yer; life. Whrre ever you learned it, I can't think ;' and Mirandy would look up at Bob and - smile, but not in her old coquettish w ay. Another expression, moro thoughtful and tender, had taken its placo now. Sho was still the samo buxom, stalwart Mirandy she had ovor beon, but now sho had a now objeot in lifo; sho felt that now responsibilities required now manners, was .quite a pioturo to seo thoso threor Mirandy seated in a low rocking-chair boforo tho hugo, opon olay firo-placo, filled with a roaring wood-fire, with hor baby on her lap, and Bob by hor side, watching hor with a smilo of gratified prido, as ho fussed and ooood ovor tho boy. 'It boats all,' ho usod to say, ' whioh likes it tho beat — you or him — or mo.' Somotimes the Don would rido over from tho Barzoo, whoro he was still attached as 0D0k, and spend tho ovoning1. His regard for Mirandy was as dcop as. over, but sinco hor marriago it had takon a different form, being now more of a paternal naturo, for ho had now oomo to look upon hor almost as a daughter. Tho Don — ho was still known by that namo— had appropriated that littlo chapel at Santa Rosa, wherein Bob and Mirandy had boon married, and ovory Sunday morning during tho winter, ho had ridden ovor irom the Barzeo Rinoh and preached thero. His success in that direction had beon no bottor than hia attempt at cooking, but ho was not j castdown, and persevered faithfully. ' San Mikoll is pretty stony ground, but it aint all | rock/ he would say hopofully. The now spring oponcd promisingly. Tho . prico of cattle was unusually high ; a vory I sovord winter had raged over tho northorn ranges in Dakota, Montana, and Wyoming, j and tho losses nmonc tho cattlo thoro had been enormous, in some instances entiro herds having died from cold and starvation. Tho stockmen, of San Miguel County wero jubilant, for their own losses had been very fow, tho Barzeo estimate being less than two per cent. ; und, this, added to the fact that three-year- old steers wero bringing j thirty-dollars, and likely to bring thirty fivo dollars, mado ovory one happy, and i prospectively rich. With tho return of spring, as in former I years, mon started out over tho rango on I preliminary surveys, in preparation for tho round-up. Thus it happened that Bob left Mirandy and the baby at hid ranch ono morning and rode away. He had kept no assistants all winter ; ho did his own work* Imowing it was his duty to economise for hor sake, and so Mirandy was left alone, but thoy woro neither troubled about this. Mirandy stepped out to see who it was, but not until sho had shaded hor oyes with her hand did sho recoirniso tho Don. 4 Wal, Iadeclar' !' sho said, ' ef taint you ! Won't yo 'light ?' but tho Don declined tlio invitation, rather abruptly. 'Mirandy,' he said, ' I hearn down on th' Pecos that there waa a band of Injuns out from th' Reservation, loose, and- ? ' 'Injuns!' cried Mirandy, inoredulously ; ' why, thero ain't no Injuns within two hun dred miles of this yero ! ' 'Ef you'd seen tho things I've seen/ Mid the Don slowly, ' you'd say there was Injuns within ten miles of this yere — broke out of tho Mescalero Reservation — they shot atRnbe Friday, an' thoy'ro runnin' off st ck, an Irillin' any one thoy kin kotcb. You must git* pour baby an' como with mo to the Barzeo till this thing's settled.' ? Mirandy demurred at first — ' she warn't if raid of no Injuns/ she eaid — but tho recol lection of her baby decided her, and in a few minutes they were riding rapidly towards the Barzeo, twelve miles away. Very tenderly the Don carried the ohild, wrapped in a heavy blanket, whilo Mirandy rodo at his side, hor 3yo3 constantly on tho bundle. Aq they reached the top of a mesa, two miles from their destination, thoy loused a moment to breatho thoir horses. Suddenly tho Don aoticed a commotion in a bun oh of cattle be hind him ; they wero running in ovident ilarm ; then he heard a rifle-shot and then another. His keen littlo eyes instantly de tected tho cause of tho disturbance. ' Thero thoy be ! Rido ! Mirandy, rido !' and away thoy dashed down tho hill. Spur, 3pur, and spare not ! Ride, ride — for your lives, ride I Thoy had a good half mile the start, and if they could only maintain it they wero safe. Mirandy's liorso was fresher and speedier than the Don's, and sho had con stantly to slow up for him, but ho rode steadily along, giving his entire attention to the child. And yet they had to ride carefully, too, for if a horse should step into prairie-dog's hole, or even ; stumble, it would bo fatal. On thoy went through the dust — their pursuers very slowly gaining on thom, and keeping up a continued firing. It seemed as if they must bo hit, but they rodo on and on, never swerv iiig nor halting a moment. Onco a rifle-ball furrowed tho brim of Mirandy's sombrero; onco tho Don's light stirrup was splintered ; but still thejr kept on, or-, on, 'with tho yell ing fiends behinl them. At last thoy nearod tho rauch (tho dusk was slowly turning into night), and onco there they woro safe, for it was garrisoned by a dozen men — good shots, well-armed, and daring, every ono. As they dashed along tho trail, thoy came to a placo where it forked ; tho main traok ran around a mesa bluff and down into the valley where tho houso stood, but thero 'was a shorter path, leading over the cliif, down which it was possible, with great care, to lead a horse. It was rocky and steep, thero being a straight jump of fivo foot in ono placo. As thoy approached tho fork, tho Don motioned Mirandy to take this path, and without hesitation sho rode for tho bluff, and disappeared over tho odgo with the Don closo after. How they ever reached tho bot tom alivo is still a mystery in tho county, but thoy did, aud a fow moments later pulled up in front of tho Barzeo Ranoh. Tho mon orowded to tho door — ono bearing a lantern — to sco who tho now arrivals were, and to learn what the firing had beon about. No ono suspected then that the Don had beon hit ; he still boro tho baby vory tenderly on hiBleft arm/ while with hia right he stoadied himself by^tho saddlo-horn. It was not until his charge had been transferred to Mirandy's caio that ho reoled, and Rubo Priday had just timo to catch him us ho lurched heavily from his horse. As thoy laid him gontly on the ground, ho fainted and the blood welled through his lips, which he had till then kept tightly olosed. Thoy carried him into tho houso and endeavoured to staunoh the blood, but it was a hopeless oaso — ho had been shot through tho lung. It was a solemn sceno that tho dim rays from tho smoky lantorn lit up in tho Barzeo Ranoh that night. Around tho dying man wero grouped tho stern-faced riders, whilo at his head knelt Rube, vainly endoavoriug to forco somo stimulants pust his lip3. After a littlo ho revived, aud looked about him on the familiar faces. ' Boys,' ho said, vory faintly, ' thoy'ro safe, Mirandy an' th' baby — deliver mo from — miue offences— an'— forgive ? 1 That's all. Ono of the mon turned to tho couoh whore tho baby lay. 'Ho's asleep J' ho wbisperoJ. ' So is tho Don,' said Rubo, as ho roverently drew tho rough blanket ovor tho poor old fel low's fa'co. 