? Thkkk are no fresh movements, so far, at the Theatre Royal, where " Hands Across the Sea" continues to swell the managerial bank book. The present production will probably gallop up to Christinas. Should by any pos ibiiity a chauge be iie> med necessary, " Never Too Late to Mend " and other Warner revivals will ti 1 up the gap, after which Charles Warner intends resting, the guest of one of Melbourne's prominent citizens. Already great preparations are being made for the grand Christmas pantomime, of which more anon. Notwithstanding t e cast-iron resolution on the part of the management of the Princess' Thtatre to produce their operas fur such and such a time, they have already broken their (printed) word. We dou't grutnb'e, however, neither do opera lovers, judging by the way they 19II up night alter night. Mr » oward Vernon's Ko-Ko was really such a capital performance at first that we question vtry much if the dashes of burlesque with which he now sprinkles it is an improvement. Of course this exaggeration i3 due to his efforts to please the holiday folks, aud puitomime season is coming on. 1 he " Mikado " will continue the attraction for the remainder of 'the week, when it must positive y (really aud truly this time) be withdrawn to make way for the other delicacies of the season. A "Mikado ' matin e is announced for to-morrow. The Brough-Boucicault Combination continue their excellent performances at the Bijuu Iheafcre, where " Sophia " holds the fort in the presence of large and fashionable audienceB. The Co are actively engaged at rehearsals on furthe novelties. By-the-way,' our old friend, Mr. Chas. Arnold, wi 1 nuke his reappearance shortly in " Hans the Boatmau,"and a powerful support hasbeenengaged, including our-own-and-always popu'ar Mi^s Myra Keinble. On Saturday, the 17th November, Piuero's drama, " The Squire," will be staged. Th is piece was put up in Melbourne some time ago by . ybert Reeve. Marti v Simons en's people have pinned their faith to " Carmen " duriug the week, the result being fairly-filled houses. We notice trat Joe Gordon has been secured to further strengt en the forces at this house, and (judging by past permances) Martin has acted wisely. List ni^ht "The Bohemian Girl" was to make her appearance, but of this \oung lady more anon. We may mention that Mrs. Beaumont is fairly excelling herself in the costuming. The novelty on Saturday will be the initial production in Australia of the four-act tragic opera, " II Guaratay," of which great things are expected. Mkssrs. Macmahon and L ons, of Wirth's Cirque, have no cause to co.nplain for want of patronage during the holiday season. Patrons certainly get their money's worth, and there is general rejoicing all ound. Messrs. Montgomery and Wirth, the bounding jockeys, are received with enthusiasm, and the two families of W s, the Wirths and Walhallas, are all thorough iriists in their businesss. The balloon and hurdle acts of the V isses Wirth will well rep -y a visit, and the ponies are perfection. Fo • the especial benefit of the missus and twins, tlm mm lament are wisely giving afternoon matin a. whio ,,s might be expected, *re well attended. The Circus°is located 111 Swanston-street, just above the Public Library. Iff consequence of a mild demonstration of public favour, that soleful proceeding, "The World Again-t Her," will carry on relentlessly till Saturday next, when it drops off into che limbs of past events and things that are gone before to make way for another attraction of a local . 1 one. "The World Against Her" has given us no reason ty go b.ick on our previous stitements ; its sentiment is dog-eared and thread-bare, the p'ot is rambling and strained, and takes longer to reach a given point than is compatible with patienbe and peace of mind, and the things that happen happen without any rational reason, and, fourthly a< d lastly, dearly beloved brethren, the world isn't against "her" at all, only one bloated individual who owns a foundry, and whom she pounds on the ear and overwhelms with derogatory remarks, and scorn and contumely, and other objectionable features calculated to make a man of his standing cut up rough. Nobody is against her half as much as she deserves -she is a hare-brained female, devoid of stamina and common sanity and, when she is fired out, she immediately falls in with a humble individual who carries a theatre about the provinces, assisted by a fat woman and a dog, and this galaxy of talent take her up gently, and do her washing, and share their last baked potato with her, and nurture her tenderly throughout the proceedings, whilst she spends her time weeping copiously and whining dolorously about all he world being against her and wanting to tread on her ear. We expect to he excused it we disclaim all sympathy for a female ot this stamp and complexion. Be ond Mr. Datn- war 8 part, that of the blighted husband of the above-mentioned lady in distress, which is actcd invehted witJl some j interest, the sayings and doings are only of a medium character, some of them being very medium indeed, and having a tendency to make grave-yards and other solemn features yawn quite frantically. The Twins, Hughes and Jinkins, smile, and no wonder, for we doubt very much if they ever touched a more profitable investment than thenpresent spec., the Jungfrau Kapslle. Not content with working wonders at the Atbemeuro, the Mountain Singers are taken by H. and J. to the Exhibition. Nor do they stop at this, for, bless you, they indulge in Government House parties. It is rumoured that when Hughes and Jinkins do finish with the Swiss people they will retire, having made their for tunes. ^T. George's Hall was fairly fifed on Saturday evening to witness the latest effort, "Patchwork,' a tailor-made production by Mr. Espin ass. As a curtain -raiser the management handed round a " Cup of Tea," Johnny Gourlay being the lump of sugar dropped in to sweeten it. As Scroggius he made the most of his opportunities, and Alf Holland extracted no little fun out of the small part of Joteph. Mr.-Harry Cogill and Miss Lena Salenger also, appeared in the cast. "A Cup of Tea" should he set on the hob to "draw'' Theatre goers as a 1 ule like something stronger than tea. We're theatre-goers. The musical extravaganza followed on and at times caused much merriment, though on the whole we prefer "The Brook." {Egad\ wliat a capital white-face comedian Charlie Cogill proved himself in this production. His Tramp is one of the best things ever seen at St George's Hall.,) " Patchwork " the lion's share of the show falls on r. Gourl y's shoulders and he holds it up manfully, never letting slip any opportunity to score. Harry Cogill is cast for a part in which he is fairly smothered. With one solitary exception, in which he does a spec ality turn, he has absolutely nothing to do, and, for all the audience see of him, he .might just as well be taking the money at the doors, or over the way at the Opera House making a book. Alf. Holland is very much ditto. Alf has always proved himself a reliable and good man no niitter where you put him, and his song, "The Postmau," catches on. By-the-way, how the company have heen studying h s nibs, Shakespeare. Charlie Cogill as the ghost and the cook liasn t a ghost of a show, still he gets there just the same. As Betty, Miss Lena Salenger has but little to do, but even at that she is sadly overweighted, and appears quite out of her element. What has little Tilly Lake done now, we wonder, that she is not cast for the sculleryninid? As Ch.rlotte, Mi.«s Tilly introduces some of her deservedly popular terpischorean specialties, which find great favour with. the audience. " Patchwork ' willtbe produced again this evening. ^ The Hiscocks-Friedman Federal-cwm-London " A ! 1 Star" Co. are still merry- making at the Hibernian Hall, Swanston-street. And what a list of favourites, tried and true, old and new, this constellation embraces. What with the Beaumont Reads, the Parleys, the N. Feuillades and the Brahams, not forgetting that genuine little comedian, Johnny Gilmo;e. Then again Sullivan and ISilveua, the Borani Brothers, who, when they come out,-evidently leave their bones at home, p obably on the piano In addition, there is Lily Laurel, a passable n ale impersonator, and Hugh Dempsey, the Hibernian song and d„nce man, a good performer, albeit at times a trifle vulgar. Friedman has a capital company gathered aro.und him. A SPECIAL programme was put up for Saturday night last at the Victoria Hall. They have a bit of a novelty (for Melbourne) in the first part, in the shape of four cornermen, who, footballfashion, change ends at" half-time. This may be an improvement. Che most successful first part contributors are Mr. Wad ley, Mr. Matlock and Miss Roberts. The sentimental cornerman, Mr. Adson, the comical Cameron and the whimsical Whitburn also assist. The finale "Two Bobbies," by Wilson and Cameron, is very funny, and even sets the so'.emn visaged usher, who so zealously guards the door, on the giggle. In part two Fred Garnett leads the way, followed by Tracy and Adson, described on the bills as " the Connewarra cuckoos," though for what reason Heaven only knows. The " Connewarra cuckoos" do a bit of clog-wolloping, after which they gracefully retir e in favour of Whitburn, who has evidently a loan of the audience, for whilst on the stage he's only to hold up his little finger to set ths whole house in a roar. Cameron and Wilson give one of their excellent double acts, and Miss Ro«e sing-. Miss Lee Erroll and Al. Filson, whom we are. glad to welcome back again, give us one of their charming sketches. Little lady Roberts chips in with soml sen- -comic tinging, and one of Shakespeare Whitburn s button-bursting tragedies winds up a good night's show. —" Hans Across the Sea," we mean " Hans Across the ? r^hat "Hans the Boatman "-at the Bijou on the 1st December. , . • -Mr. Frank Thornton, the " Private Secretary ," who caused many a hearty laugh in our city by bis clever impersonation of the character of the Rev. Rbbert bpalding, arrived from London by the R.M.S. Ormvz under engagement to Messis. Brough and Boucicault' and will open in Sydney. Melbourne, < c. He has secured L De !'°, e lateBt P- nd greatest success. ' Sweet Lavender " which has attained a run of over 300 nights at Terry's Theatre, aud is still attracting crow ded houses. He is to play the part of Dick Phenyl, an impecunious barrister He holds another trump card in the shape of " Mamma " .in adaptation by Bvdney Grundy of " Lee Surprises d'u fVrt?^' a j^n-aming comedy that is now being played under nf ^v C T°"i rt P ea i re^Lo „", don ' the management of Mrs. John Wood. Mr^Thornton says He is glad to be able once more to brftfche ibe clear air of Australia alter the smcty atmosphere of London, and sneaks in glowing terms of " Sweet Lavender," which wiJLbe feels sure, from his previous knowhdge of Australian audiences, prove as "taking" here as it has in the mother countrv. 