BEM3 MAN'S ROCK. A ROMANCE. BY Q. [The Telegraph Newspaper Company, Limited, nayo. ficcured nil tbo Quccnslnucl rights for thU work. tuo copyright of which belong* to Messra. Cassell iuiu Company, Limited.] ' BOOK FIRST. THE QUEST OF THE GREAT RUBY. ? CHAPTER X. — [Contitiuo.l). - 11 I tbust I did not betray my ssorofc in my landcringa. . Mr. Evarsleigh tolls me I' talked \ eatrangeBt etuif at times— about rubies aud ✓ eletons, and a certain dreadtul face from ?which I vas Btrugglmg to cscapo. Bufc ttio security of my Journal -and tlio golden ' clasp, 'which I recovered to-day, somewliat' rotseurcs me. I am allowed to walk in tlio 'garden for a Bhorfc Rpace every day, but not until td-duy haro 1 found etronirth tn rli.-» far mv }-r-orA T can hardly desmfco my omotions oil finding it eafo and bound. - ' ' Poor Margery ! How anxious alio mu^t bo. getting at my silence. I will writo ; hei' to- morrow— at least .X will begin my'lotter to morrow, for I shuli not have Btrongth to finish it in^ono day. Even® now l oughfc iiot to ba writing, but I cannot forebear making an entry . in my recovered Journal,1 if only to rooor.l my thankfulnees to Heaven for my great ' dolivor- j anco.' ?. -| 'Juno 22nd. — I havo written to Margery. . but torn tho letter up on second thoughts, as 1 had hotter wait until I hoar news of a vessel in which _ I can safely travol homo. Mr. Evera leigh, who.ig vory kind to me, though not so hearty as Mr. Sanderson, will not hear of my starting in my present condition. : I wonder in what part of the world Collivor is travelling now. . 'VJuly l£t. — Oh, this weary waiting ! , Shall I never see tho shores of England again I The doctor says that I only mako myself worse with fretting, but it is hard to linger so — whon at my journey's end lies wealth almost beyond the imagination, and (what is far moro to mo) tho si^ht of my dear ones. ' July 4tb. — In answer to my entreaties, Mr. Eversleigh has consented to mako inquiries about, the homo ward- bound vessels starting from Colombo. Tho result is that ho has at onco allayed my impatience, and compassed his end of keeping mo a little longer, by selecting — npon condition that I approve his choice— nn East Indiuman due to sail in about a fort night's time. Tho name of the ship is the BeJle - Fortune, and of tho captain, Cyrus Holding. In fpito of the name the ship is English, and is a barquo of about 600 tons register. Her cargo consists of sugar and coffee, and her crew numbers somo eighteen hands. To-morrow I am going down with Mr. Eversleigh to inspect her, but I am pre pared beforehand to find her to my liking. T1.A r.r,Kr pit.y is that tjliQ dpos not start earlier. 'July 6th'. — Weak as lam, oven yesterdays short excursion exhausted me, bo that t tolt unable to write a word last night. I havo boon over tho Belle Fortune, and am more than E leased,' especially with her captain, whoso onest face took my fancy at onco. I have a most comfortable cabin next to his set apart for me, at little cost, since it. had been fitted up for a lady on tho outward voyage ; so that I shall still havo a little money in pocket on my return, as my living, both hero and at Bombay, has cost me nothing, and the doctor's bills havo not exhausted my store. I wrote to Margery to-day, making as light of my illness us I could, and saying nothing of the business on Malabar Hill. That will best bo told her when she has me home again, and can hold my hand, feeling that I am seeuro. ' July 8.« — I havo been down again to-day to see the Belle Fortune. I forgot to say that she bclcngB to Mepsrs. Vincent and Hext, of Briitol,' and' is bound for that port. Tho only otlur passengers are a Dr. Concanen and his wife, who are acquaintances of Mr. Eversleigh. Dr. Concanen is a physician with a good practice in Colombo, or was— as his wife's delicate health has forced him to throw up his employment here and return to England. Mr. Eversleigh introduced me to them this morning on tho telle Fortune. The husband is almost as toll as1 my host, and looks a man of great strength; Mrs. Concanen is frail and w;orn, hut very lovely. To- day she seomed so ill that I offered to give up iny cabin, which is really much more comfortable than theirs. But she. would not hear of it, insisting that I was by far the greater invalid, and that a sailing voaaol would ^quickly set her right again — especially a vessel ' bound for England. Altogether thoy jromife to be most pleasant(compani6ns. I for-' got to say that Mrs. Concanen is takiug a native maid homo to' act as her nurse. 'July U.—VVestartin a weed's time. Iliad a long talk with Captain Holding* to-day. Hp hopes to make a. fairly quick passage, but says he is short of hands., I have not seen tho Coii cancns since. - v ? , 'July 16.— We sail to-morrow afternoon. I havo been down to make my final preparations,! and find my cabin muoh to my liking. Captain Holding is still short of hands. 'July 17, 7.30 p.m. — ^Vocast of! our warps shortly after 4 o'clock, and were quickly ruuning homeward at about 7 knots an hour. The Con oanens stood on deck with me watohing Ceylon grow dim on the hoiizon. As tho proud cone of Adam's Peak faded softly and slowly iuto tho evening mist, and so vanished; as I hope, for ever out of my life, I could not forbear returning.thank8 to Providonce, which has thus far watched over me wonderfully. There ia a fair breeze, and the hands, though short, do their work well to all appearances. There were only fifteen yesterday, three having been missed for about a week before we sailed ; but I have not yet seen Captain Holding to ask him if he mado up his number of hands at the \- last moment. Mrs. Concanen has invited me to their cabin to havo a chat about England^ 'July 18th. --Iam more disturbed than I care to own. by, a very curious discovery whiuh I madfl this morning. As I issued on deck I saw a man standing ty the forecastlo whose hack eeemed familiar to mo. Presently ho turned, and I saw.-him;to be Simon Collivor. He has most strangely altered his appearance, being dresFcd now.as a common sailor,- and wearing rings in* his ears, as the custom is.' Catching sight ot.mo, ho, came forward with a pleasant. ? smile and explained himself; V ' ' ' 1 It .is no. manner of uso, Trenoweth ; we're fated to, meet. You did not expect to soo mb heroin this get-up ; but I learnt last night you wero on board. . Y ou look as though you ' had 8cenr a ghost. Don't stare so, man— I should say, V sir,' now, I suppose —it's only another of fortune's rubs. I fell ill after that journey, to. tho peak, ! and although Railton nursed mo-likea woman — he's a good fellow, Railton, and not as rough as you would expect — I woke uj). out of my ,f ever at last to .find all tho monoy gono. . I'm' a fellow' of resource, Trenowoth, so I hit on tho idea of working ray ua&sago; homo ; by good luok found tho. Bello lortuDO was short of hands, offered my sor, viccs, waBraccepted— having been at sea before,' you kho?r— sold my old olotkes for this costume »— must dress .'when one is aoting a part— and hero I am. V. v „ ' 4 Is Railton with you ?' I asked. Oh, yes, bimilarly attired. I did not b?o' you ypBterday, being busy with tho cargo, so that it fi!,all:the more pleasant to meet hero,' But work is the order of tho day now. You'll* givo mo. a good character to tho captain, won't you? Good* byo for tho present.' , ' I cannot toll how much this meeting has depressed mo. Certainly I havo no reason for disbelieving' the man's story, but the frequonoy and strangeness of our meetings mako it hard to believe them altogether accidental. I saw Railton in tho afternoon ; ho is greatly altered for the worso, urd, I should think, had been drinking heavily bofore ho shipped; but the captain was evidently too short of hands to bo particular. I think I will givo the Concanons my tin box to liido in thoir cabin. Of course I can trust them, and thia will batflo thoft ; tho olaep I will wear about ine. This is a lmppy idea; I will go to their cabin now and ank them. It is 9.30 p. m.^ and the wind is still fair, I believe. ^ ' July 2C.— 'We have 60 far kept up an avcrago epeed of 7J knots an hour, and Uaptaiu Holding thinks that wb .shall make oven hotter sailing 'when the hands aro moro accustomed to thoir work. I fcpend. my time mostly with tho Con cancns— who readily, by the way, undertook tlio caio of my tin box— and find them the most agreeable of fcllow-travollors. Mrs. Concauen has a very sweet Voio.o,.^d.h.^.hv^B-. ? hand has l^St:to'^a^mpany*iV on tho guitar, ? to. -that' altogethtriwo -p(5nd'ivory? pleasant' (To bo continued .) % 