Through North Gippsland. FROM TRAFALGAR TO BAIRNSDALE. BY "BACKWOODSMAN." In these enlightened times, if a person wishes to get on well down here below, the correct thing to do is to travel as much as possible and find out for yourself the goings- on of your fellow-mortals. This being the case, I recently resolved to take a trip to North Gippsland to see the country and enquire into all matters pertaining to agri- culture and otherwise. I was the more strengthened in this resolution, as I resided ten years in South Gippsland, and knew every inch of it, so to speak, but as to the North I was as completely ignorant as if oceans divided us. In these days of ad- vanced literature, a person who takes a trip to another part of the country is expected to draw out a statement re- specing his travels, of what he saw, and what he did not see, but should have seen, etc. On setting out I felt much as did our local poet when he wrote - Farewell Sunny Creek, my time is o'er, No longer can I remain ; Farewell, if I return no more to view thy hills again. Oh, verdant last ; o, mossy vale, I bid once more adieu; Farewell to all - farm, acre, dale, And distant hills so blue. A GLIMPSE AT MOE. After leaving Trafalgar, Moe is the first place reached. This township has lately roome into ' prominence through several valuable seams of coal having been discovered in its vicinty. Should three turn out as expected the future prosperity of this district will be assured. The land immediately around, Moe is poor and heathy, oat improves greatly as you proceed south. The general nature of the country is carboniferous. The Narracan shire is said to be one of the richest in natural resources to be found in Gippsland, but the greater portion of it has yet to be opened up. The richest of this land i is to be found in close proximity to the: following townships :— Trafalgar, Yarragon, Childers, Narracan, Darlimura, Thorpdale. Mirboo North, and Boolara. The area of the shire is 890 square miles, and supports a population of close on 4,000. THE TOWNSHIP OF MORWELL Morwell is the next town entered upon, and a pretty little town it ie. It is situated o.i the Morwell River, and the scenery around ia wry picturesque. The nature of the country is carbonaceous Grazing , is the principal business of the settlers, as the land >b not adapted fox cultivation. . Morweli is visited by numbers of tourists and sportsmen, who find it much easier to get aboat than ia the tangles and scrub farther south. SOME NOTES GATHERED AT TRARALGON. Traralgon is the next town reached. it is the chief town of the Bhite of tbe same name, audi the junction of the Sale and Bairns- dale railways. The town is well laid otr, and the buildings substantially built. sacral fine brick edifices are in Course of grccitro, and tbe place presents a prosperous a pr-ar- aoce. a number of fiae hotels, stores, wi e- houses, including tbe inevitable Undertaker, are also to be found. The country around is level, and of a sandy nature.-- i"grows good native grass, but is not very-suitable for cultivation, The area of thisxshlreT& 461 square miles, and boasts a popdlati>n of about s 500. The districts of Gallignee, Flynn's Greek, Morwell, Yinnair, and Mirboo; noted for is rich land aod coal mines, are all included in this shire. TRARALGON TO ROSEDALE. After leaving Traralgon on the line to Sale very little cultivation ie met with. The land it of a light, sgody nature, jwodtwing a rank powth of native grawea, chiedy ixmeistingof kangaroo aad native ptaine grasses. We aext enter Rosedale situate in the midsf of a nob pastoral and agftohl tnral d is triot. This town containc several fine etoue build, togs, and ie otherwise well provided for, The shire of Reeedale has . an ' area of 950 square miles, and a population of close on 3,000. a stranger- travel ling 4ntbeshp«rta u apt to draw unfavourable oompari-ohs between these towns and the towns of the south j bus it must be remembered tha thae-toyvns have been in existence f>r w great - n amber of years, while the towns of the -eoutb ar ooaha p&rativeiy; of recent growth. ba i foresee that the towns of the south will nlSmately o vet take these towns, as their resource are almost unlimited, whfle the notrtbsrn towns, having now reached the height of . tbaif ptceperity, &od; exhausted all their av vilable resource?, will remain comparatively at a standstill. The farmers and squatters of the north had the advamtage over the southerners, as their land was clear and covered with rich natural grass, so they had simply to fence it in, turn in their stock, and-pocket the profits: The selectors of the south complain greatly of the hardships of cleaving and gettieg into working order the almost .impenetrable forests that constituted their holdings,' tmt they leave out of question the faot that if aha south had been clear and open like the north, it would have been snapped - up by the squatters long before the present owners would have bad a chance of getting a slicei The squatter paised hy the rleh' fqresta beek-" inn some place more congenial to his tastes where he could make money more m»i'f than by clearing large tracts of country. Thus it was left to the working-man to hew out for himself a home in the wilderness of South Gippsland. And perhaps it is as well that it was so. It is an ill-wind that does not do somebody good. - PASSING THOUGHTS AT ROSEDALE. At Rosedate the " last, of my feUow- paeseogers alighted, and"! found mysblftne sole occupant of a large 0p?,l.r,ilf0il< taiaing font oomparimsaiA. far from displeaaiog me, gev? w satisfactiou, as i was now monarch al . mrvsyed, and c»nid take restorative— which, w to he provided with whM travplfing--fn- t shocking Abe morals of ome. tsctotsi-r. thojugh the number bf theie ija ?ssass«i»(awg through the windows. occasionally are very beneficial to the human frame, especially Where the nerves are weakened by overwork orjftng realdehce m a wet idimato, fermps ittfnot gtnjlhuj known that certain foods, pfclftWy bread. od «oit, oontain wnl o aaijtiAa ft quantity of alcohol is necessary to bring on the state of insenaihUity called.; WWfc;. -Mj a healthy -state of the body, sufficient is extracted from the food we eat, but if the digestion gets impaired, the necessary follows Here is the Jaa stimclaut will- «iyyl.me atrengthendigestloD. Great are- ahonlob® aken, however as too much hWoholmo?® aMMu ''h-.wwSw.T'- from tj j0skdalh to balk. oip1iro?oap!ld'biobns,?l0..lh!'®t,tl » pin- imabtoadt ,hf s «'. a ;a«Bwnoew.Si8 35 «. <«m»WwafelB »«na d&»ar"ri|&,,rn c2nt«» tban tha Jrooa which I conSnda .Si? Q'PP.Bito, »' Li.' -,i."ht' and ; tha w535k£'5 jwwhf.whttb grass h visible whilt iw c .i. not spkoe to explain it here r'mnlf wlth a MCrefAvoura&e; ta??fcr whit till lloqs to turn. ' In Bale -hownver « «!. n. wSSferassai w»r Statfbn you Are -almrmfc into street, where everything is |w entsh ? rfntict '.?dha p»w» row in Othej town,; Along tide through the bracing air of the fi lk«9 \hto a shop that had as it8 blgq m0&18 ht flh iotirfl 4int t anni Plstely staggered the good peoble therein by asking for vegetables; bot -knon - in 8als ®ff8 i6 aimosfc ruanowi < in Male. "We have no veeetahloh sis. "v jis'hh 'ob wiu t f 6 happy t0 attend yon."- i, declined pasny, as i always have a sna- ?hal0nfls3' is. ayio1®'. « b»t made ber"a,: tbe. flpd that Noaba Ark brave 1' ho: tteis'ron! ea8t at no very remote period! ttterefrom. However, i made a tolerable1 betnl «rc0meb"a5 and.baef. this latter ton»s tafkf a1 - macb superior to the 5 herfe «et ln the south. Having satisfied my hanger, i took a stroll about tbe town, where i found great rejoicing, and' on asking tbe reason of the same. i was told the Salvation Army had jast succeeded in converting tbe last of the publicans i was very pleased to hear this, as it is a step in the right direction, and i foresee, if they succeed as well elsewhere, it will completely do away with all necessity for local option. the town op sale. ' Salet> i believe, i? the most religions town in Victoria, and the people are -famed for hospitality and benevolence Sale is a very scattered town, much resembling Brighton or Geelong— large villas surrounded by beauti ful gardens all, ronnd the outskirts of the- town These villas ate the residence of the squAtters end landlords, who, having made a competency, are content to settle down in . a town where all the conveniences of life can be found. The streets of the town are well laid on, drained, and watered. The town ia watered from the Thompson River, a water scheme having just , been orried out, the totm now being tally reticulated. Artesiana wells also help to water the town. The population of the borough of Sale is 4.700 The Sale Canal is nearly completed. This will be a great booh to the! town, as sea- going vessels will be "able to come much nearer to the town than previously. some heavy work has to be encountered in making the eanal, consequent on the gluey nature of the cl&y.; .The. only way to manage it is to plough it up wUh bullocks, -then cut it up into small pieces with a bai-p cp|ide, and pick it up with the hands, and throw iv into trucks jast the same as you would bricks.The sticky nature of th' clay reminded me of the glae-rpots'in Sbuth Gippsland hf a few years back, where a person was reckoned lucky if he ©shaped " with .oaly the loss of his boot?; The country abound Sale consists of rich plains, weil sdapted to grazing and cultiva- tiori. . "Very vlitgd agricaltura,. hpweyr. is barrisd on, as ahe land is .principally ,pwned hy equatters, whoae large areas nreolnde them i from goingmfor mpoh cnltivafcion. In fact; fhese large holding? aripi'onb of the' greatest dra whacks. to. Sale: , The people, however, are beginning to find out that large' esthtes will not teod to advance " their hatereata, with' the result that the runs are being rapidly out Up . into blocks of reasonable dimensions. ' The steamers of the Lakes Navigation Company— the d irgo, Omeo, and Tangd— plf betweoh'sale and Bairnerdale, and do a good trade. s everal smaller craft are also at work', Uofably the " Little Stranger," getting un loaded ofa large quantity of. sawn timber and. otb'er commodities. . on board the dabgo. Having bid adieu to Sale, we beard the good5 little steamer Dargo and are borne; rapidly down the Latrobe RLver into the &ue8; the' scenery here is magnificent. : Xhe difference between a ran on tbe Latrobe - tb a rpn on the Yarra is something remarkable. i believe a better, pleasure trip oonld not be found in Victoria than "the trip from Sale to Bairn ad ale. The speed of the "steadier ib surprising, and we are soon into the lakes '' 'There 4a not much to descrftm in the takes but water, and as that is rattier a watery subjeet." i leave it for som© wetter-£en than mine. We hitGhed on to several steamers tod sailing boats en route, pnd exchanged oasssngSrs . and greetings. The steamer anchored awhile at Lakes TEntrancs and n_. tofa liakshn 4 villftoflr. wfl then leave the lakes behind and steer np the Mitohell River. The country along the . Mitchell eivea evidence of, successful cultivation. Hods and- hiaize sare Abe Staple crops gtowo ; thousands of acres of maize extend baoklrom the rivay all directions we missed Irfhe beautiful sight tof the hop gardens, as the hops had just been .-picked, ; and the poles were ftfcsckod np much resembling Indian wigwamt. th? shades of night were now faUiog, so we missed the view ot the upper part of the nv%arensdalb and its subroundtngs. . After a ooupie of more houra'.ride through the darkress, wa lanuin. Bornsdale about s o'cibck. signs, of .fife .are now aonerent hy rows of "Cabbies14 drawn up on ist wharf, and the shrill cry of kep, kep rroouads onfall kWes. a stroh p«g htu-aud We ore in Ahe town of Batrnedale. It being Saturday night, all. the sjsmd an rn fin buefnese, and the town nrvenntn ft ffysly appearance. .qns wonld & yae-ln- bourkeittott %fJ¥ ctyjoljete tofre seeih ebpeciavkug ladie .bairndals'beipg quit® fajheiibx thete would not ioutbetn bachelors to pome up this ay nnls E1«"?SSS — t vy riaaiii ltotot.hwuh TXdtoainr,f9tre'9a fi"d garden laid not n« u r anoeatorB R IgSKlpig .jtiS'Wsrviaass ffi v f the _town wne is close on pae3viluv jj.u?kli0 Sarafifeid, add »ncr ra i - ali "filnir township8f belong; nrfnninal t!rnf Bruttien ie fcbe f. l of the 8ttire of Tambo.iand ts road toGmed. Gunfainghame sstju&s;" snowy River district' is a rich egri maize and root chief tovrn; and is a rll 'i 81 p1?0®- 1 took a trip f cord tsaurnsdale to Lindenow. with a view of seemg abe cbuntry. i ioquired of" a' jolly looking gentleman some particulars of the country, but7 with very little effect. " Excuse me, aaid he, " .bat would you mind apeaking . u-er m l am a hit deaf ?" After t shouting at him Bome time, i gave up in despair.; 4 men tried another of my fellowpasseogers, who wx>pe&red; to be quite sound in his hear 'nculfciea, but 1 soon found he was a Bhiogle Short. . his conversation ran on ghosts. It was in vain i asked him queetionB respepting his district,- what crops succeeded best, etc, he would answer a' brief Ysb or No, and then launch out into one of his hir- sta«d on-eud .ghost stories, to the greats 'musemeht of _our fellow-passengers. ' By this time- we had arrived at Lindenow station, the site of the fature town. - The old Eettlhnient bfLindeaoWorCdongulmerang, as it ia ; bfficially etyled, is situated about three miles from the' railway station, and: clcBe to the Mitchell River. the -land along i the river is very rich, 1 but does not extend' baok from the river on either 'side for 1 mor©1 ban a mile. The backcountry is composed1 chiefly of pictureeque sagarloaf hills, covered ' with loosh stones. : This country grows good kangaroo grass, on which stock of all kinds ! thrive. The vegetation beto is cfuite different i from that found in -South Grippsland. The scrub Consists of Wattles, wild cherries, | honeysuckle1, Bheoak, and a miscellaneous: collection of undefgrowthi . The ! frees- ate! rodgum, ironbatk.stringFbark, and box. This! latter is quite cRttioct 1 from 'the "peppermint' tree; errhneotisly called box" in 'South Gippsland. The farmers here do not depend' solely upon one crop; Hops, maize, ohicory, 7 arrowroot, etc. , are all extensively gro wh. \ Thouaands of acres bf maize afe to -be sfeen here extending all along the river to Bairns-: dale. Several farmers i was speaking to had' Over 100 acres of maize eaoh. Picking has just7 commenced. From 4d. to fid, per bag is paid for picking the maize cobs. an1 energetic picker can make from 83. to loj. per day. Some farmers have as- many as' fifty- pickers. As white labour Is scarce,1 Chinamen are chiefly employed at this work. - a few of the maizengrowers ' employ alv Chinamen, as they find the whitee wed the; Cbinamen do not' work well -together.5 Where both are employed,, the white mem fnake if Warm for ! b'oth fche- Cbinamen and' their t employer. This part is a regular .paradise for the working man. Contract! 'work iSplentiful, and men receive as high hs 10s. a day. Consequently if- the farmer requires a man he is -obliged to= pay to the tune of 30a. per week with board; - . - j The climate- here is altogether different from the south. Daring my stay of a month in th» part. we did not have a drop. of ram, but cleat sunny days> week afterJwesk. thq fanners are begiuniog to fesl ihemeedof rain astheobqntrybas aquite brown nndp arched appbar&hce.; After coming froima parewbere wehsvasn Average of three 'days a week of wet weather. sach a state of thingsj to ssy the least- of it, seems a little out- of order,7 How ' the Goongulmerangers manage - tq subsist pitfabut ene day 4 good soaking ' rain every week%is beyond my comprehension, .. s Fruit andvegetables araexteneively grown in this part, And are likely' to be moce-eo iq the fdthre, asa fruitand vegetable-preserving companv arejutt aboutto stattopexatipna Sairnedale. the Pompany are the proprietors of a patent preserving 7 procees, by which fruit and vegetahl ab, . after -being dried, will keep for an ipdefinifce period, jxnd after being soaked in wator, swell to their original size. Fruit and vegetablfel treated in this manner are said to retain ;all ttieir qualities, and after being soaked add cooked are equal to the frash article. Several samplea have recently been tested, 4uad have turned out all thai could be desired. there is every' prospect of the venture -turning out a' euccteeful and profitable concern. It has long been a puzzle to me why this industry -has not long since been started in-South Gippsland, where fruit and vegetable's can be grown in illimitable quantities. That such an industry would be a profitable undertaking is beyond tbe shadow of h doubt However, now the enterprising peofcle of Bairnsdale have led" the 'way, the southerners, doubtless, will begin fo w ke ttp and do likewis. , and we have reason to hapfc -that in a f e w years preserving - factories will be established throughout the whole 0? Gippsland. 