CHARTERED SCOUNDRELS." Under this heading the Licensed Victuallers* Association has issued a remarkable rejoinder to recent strictures by Mr Tale, a few extracts from which will be read with interest. The writer signs himself " Publicola," and says :— "Mr Vale, who ie now travelling all over the Colony in the interests of the local optionists, said at Warrnambool, on Februaty 15th last, as reported in the Warrnambool Standard, that Hotels were conducted by Chartered Scoundrels. This I take to be a direct reflection and insult, not only to the whole body of Licensed Victuallers, but to the Licensing Bench, the Police Magistrates the Police Inspectors, the Police Sergeants, and even - other officer, of the force in Victoria. Before a license is granted a most searching investigation is made by them into the character of the applicant and also the house for which the application is made. It is said that a saint in crape is twice a saint in lawn, this being so, it follows that a brewer, who both makes and sells Beer, must be a Double Distilled Villain for he is not only the aider and abettor of the publican but the author of all his delinquency : he is * the ocean to their rivers.* Men may come and men may go, but Beer goes on for ever. (Read Tacitus.) Ï will now proceed to dissect some of the ' Chartered Scoundrels ' as aforesaid :— The head of the firm of Bass and Co„ of Burton-on-Trent ; this ' Scoundrel ' built churches, chapels, and schools by the hundred, all over Staffordshire, Nottinghamshire, and Derbyshire. He gave money for every charitable purpose. He now sits in the House of Peers alongside the Prince of Wales, the Archbishop of Canterbury, and the descendants of the heroes who fought for the ' tight little island * centuries before Local Optionists and Teetotalers came to trouble the world with their absurd and impracticable theories. The like may be repeated of the great firm of Allsop, of Burton, some members of the company are in the House of Commons, and the principal of the firm when living, had a seat in the House of Lords. Turning to the ' green isle* what do I discover? St Patrick's Cathedral in Dublin, which the pious and liberal teetotallers had allowed to fall into decay and ruin, raised to its original beauty and grandeur by the head of the porter brewing firm of Guinness & Co., famous all over the world. Mr Guinness having given a Quarter of a million sterling towards this and other churches that needed restoration. Dr Johnson, certainly one of the greatest and best men England ever produced thought it no disgrace to act as brewer's broker : did he not officiate as auctioneer when Thrale's brewery in Soutliwark, the present Barclay and Perkins 1 establishment, was sold : did he not dilate upon ' the potentiality of the buyer of t'je brewciy becoming rich beyond the dreams of avarice,' and have not the great Lexicographer's words become true ? (ask General Haynau's ghost about it, or any of Barclay and Perkins 1 Draymen.) Moreover, the learned doctor lif:s left it on- record that when on his tour to the Hebrides he was looking on a beautiful landscape from a towering eminence, and remarked that ii was very pretty and all that, but thai he would rather be sitting on a chair in a Fleet Street tavern enjoying a bottle of old Port, and the companionship of kindred spirits. But I suppose Dr Johnson is considered very small potatoes when compared with such shining lights as Munro. Vale, and Co. Singularly enough, despite the fanatical bowlings of the Local Optionists. the present Lord Mayor of London, Alderman de Keyser, is a licensed victualler and the proprietor of several hotels in Loudon and elsewhere : and the previous Lord Mayor of London, Alderman Staples, was another of Vale's Scoundrels, having been for many years proprietor of the Albion tavern, Aldersgafe St foot ; lie cillectej £SO.<j(l0 for ihe London po.tr. which is more than Munro, Vale, and the whole confraternity of local optionists have done, or are evei likely to do. The magnanimity of the Corporation of the City of London held their trade to be no disability. I may instance another 'Chartered Scoundrel.* in the person of Mr Latham principal of the Carlton Brewery, Mel- bourne, who has erected a palatial residence at Quecnscliff for the sole use and and occupation of poor clergymen, and endowed a hospitable home for them " by ihe long wash of the Australian seas," a sanatorium where they can recruit their health, and where their wives and families can breathe the unpolluted aii fresh from the South Pole without money and without price, and where, while listening to the music of the " sad sea waves,'" they may behold Orion in his majesty, or meditate on that wondrous constellation the Southern Cross. Still another " Scoundrel " most people know, and everyone has heard of, Alderman Sommers, sometime Mayor of Geelong. This man's misfortune was to have been a publican. I !o not wish to trumpet forth his fame, > r does lie desire it of aie I am quite certain ; but the truth has to be told. Did any man ever ask him for bread and receive a stone ? I will not mention names, although many of them are green in my memory, of people to whom he has acted the part of the good Samaritan. I never heard of his passing on the other side when lie saw a case of real distress in Geelong ; I know well enough and so do many more, that he has often done good by stealth and blushed to find it fame ; I know of men that he has comforted and smoothed the passage for down the datt valley of the shadow of death : I know of widows whose hearts have leaped for joy, but who would have gone supperless to bed but for his unsolicited charity, and, I might say, princely munificence. I do not wish to exalt Mr Sommers above any other man. or setof men : he considers, no doubt, ; that he only did his duty to his fellowman ; but in this woiid how inanv are there that ilo th virduty ? As Tar as I can discover in ».=t po .pie seem intent un playing .the universal all round game of 'grab,' and • <T._»;y mm appears to be tiring \- 1 • • re m - ii and rust br«;.ik 