VARIETIES. Dangers of the Deep. A derelict is anything that has been forsaken or abandoned, and, as applied to the sea, it is a vessel that has been abandoned by her crew, and left floating on the ocean. Derelicts are much more plentiful than a casual observer would imagine. Besides vessels sunk near the coast in sufficiently shallow water to make their protruding masts danger- ous to passing ships, there were, on an average, seventeen floating derelicts in the North Atlantic reported to the Hydrographic office for each month of the year 1886. A larger number of them was sighted in the late fall, winter and early spring than during the other seasons of the year, no doubt because there were then more dangerous storms on the ocean. Some of these derelicts drift around, month after month, at the will of the wind and current and are reported time after time by passing vessels. The most interesting wreck that has been reported for some years is doubtless that of the derelict schooner Twenty one friends. She was abandoned on March 24, 1885, about one hundred and seventy miles east of Cape Henry. Being lumber-laden, she continued to float. Her masts were carried away close to the deck, so that there was but little surface exposed to the wind, and her progress was almost entirely due to the current of the Gulf Stream. Her track across the Atlantic was directly in the route of the European steamers, by whom she was sighted many times, and whose captains doubtless grew to regard her as worse than twenty-one enemies! The last report received placed her about seventy miles north of Cape Ortegal, Spain, on December 4, 1885. She was probably towed into some port by the Bay of Biscay fisherman, who must have regarded her as a rich find. During her long cruise, she covered some three thousand three hundred miles, which made an average of about four hundred and twenty-five miles of progress each month. The bark Rowland Bill was abandoned on February 27th, and last reported on November 12, 1886; the derelict schooner Ida Francis zigzagged between Bermuda and the east coast of Florida for nine months; the schooner Livin S. Melson was wrecked on February 27th, about one hundred and fifty miles east of Cape Hatteras, and was last reported on October 3, 1886, about two hundred and fifty miles south of Cape Race, Newfoundland. Each of these vessels was lumber-laden; each, has drifted hundreds of miles and reported many times, and one or all may be sighted again. A number of similar cases could be given where derelicts have been reported month after month in the highway of com- merce. Fogs and icebergs are encountered only at a particular period of the year, and within certain limits of the ocean, but derelicts are liable to be met anywhere and at any time. A ship striking one of these water-logged wrecks would be apt to sustain about as much damage as if she ran upon a rock. An in- hospitable coast is known at night by its lights, the presence of icebergs by the the water in their vicinity; but during darkness or fogs there is nothing to indicate the presence of a derelict. Sometimes, when it is found necessary to abandon a vessel, her captain is thoughtful enough to set her on fire. Sometimes, if the sea be smooth and the weather favorable, a captain, on meeting one of these derelicts, will lower a boat and send some of his crew to fire her, but this is also a rare occurrence. Reports are occasionally received of ships being injured by striking wrecks, and no doubt some of those that have left port, and never been heard from afterward, have been lost in just this way. During the year 1886, one of the smaller steamers of the navy did good service by blowing up sunken wrecks on the Eastern coast. It would be a harder undertaking to destroy derelicts in the middle of the Atlantic, but in a recent annual report, Commander Bartlett has recommended that the government take the initiative toward bringing about an international agreement for an efficient ocean police. Perhaps the most novel derelict on record was that of the great raft which it was at- tempted to row round from the Canadian coast to New York some months ago. The attempt failed, the towing steamer broke away from the raft, and the great mass of logs was left to float about directly in the path of vessels coming into New York. Fortunately, the raft was speedily broken up, and the logs were scattered, and no serious casualty is known to have occurred from col- lisions with them. A word on the subject of buoys which have gone adrift may not be amiss. While most buoys are small and insignificant, a few are large and heavy, and might do considerable damage to a ship if run into at full speed. There is a small number of lighted, whistling buoys at important points on our coast. These are of mammoth size, and act as beacons, and at the same time, they give warning by the noise they make. The whistle is automatic, and is sounded twenty or thirty times a minute by the action of the sea. There is a chamber into which gas is forced, and it is lighted by means of a lens-lantern at the top of the buoy. Of course the gas must be re- plenished at regular intervals. One of these enormous buoys was driven from its moorings off Cape Hatteras, in December, 1885, and, after taking an involun- tary journey of about twelve hundred miles, it was, on the twenty-fifth of the following May, captured and towed into Bermuda by an English steamer. It was in good condition but evidences of its long trip were found in the large barnacles adhering to it. When it started on this cruise the gas was soon exhausted, causing the light to become extinguished, but doubtless the whistle con- tinued to pipe lustily with every rise and fall of the sea. Imagine the dismay of some superstitious mariner, whose ears should be greeted by a half-dozen violent whoops in the small hours of the night, when he comfortably believed that no object was within miles of the ship.— Lieutenant E. B. Underwood, U. S. N. A recent biography tells a good story of Henry the Fourth of France. A certain M. de la Vieuville, in the service of the Due de Nevers, constantly importuned his chief for some order in recognition of his services, and finally, at Dr Nevers's request, the king con- ferred on him the blue ribbon of the Order of the Holy Ghost. When De la Vieuville, as the ceremony of investiture required, said: 'Domine, non sum dignus (Sire, I am not worthy)' Henry pleasantly replied, 'I know that very well; and it is only to please my good cousin De Nevers that I give it you.' Once 'Doc' Smart, a noted Western ban- dit, with two confederates, bought all the playing cards in El Paso at Goldberg's sta- tionery store, paying for them seventy-five dollars, and when questioned what they intended doing with them, said they were going up to the mines and expected to do a great business, but if they failed, would like the privilege to return them what they did not use. Goldberg con- sented, and in a few days they returned with about half of them. This same Goldberg was in the habit of furnishing all the faro- banks in town with cards and upon receiving orders from them, and having none on hand excepting those returned by Smart, he divided the lot between the different 'banks,' and on the same night, every 'bank' in El Paso was 'busted' by Smart and a few of his con- federates. The last 'bank broke' examined their cards and found that every card had been 'pinched.' An investigation at each bank showed their cards pinched in the same manner. It was found out next day that Smart had returned these cards to Goldberg, and of course it was decided that Smart and his gang 'pinched' them. The town was too hot for him for several days after. It was estimated that the winnings on that night were about one hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars. 