Salvation Army, Warwick. [By a Salvationist.1 On Tuesday, abput noon, Captain Jfonagan waited upon the Eev. TV. G. Taylor and atled him to give an address in the barracks that evening, which lie kindly consented to do. Tuoadnj-B being for soldiers and Christians only, the captain and lieutenant went round the town in a spring cart with the drain and cornet, and invited the public to the meet' iiiR, which was called (or eight o'clock; but some time before this all the front state were occupied, and, while the hall was being filled, the captain, with a number of blood and fire soldiers, gave Bome of their favourite choruses. Just as they were rolling the old chariot along the speaker came, when the cap tain sang out "Everybody that's gU to see the llcv. Mr. Taylor, fire a volley." They fired one, too, is proper Salvation Army style. The meeting "was opened with singing and prayer, after which Mi. Taylor addressed to'meeting on the subject of "Holiness." He said; "Christian friends and soldiers,—I am sun tny subjeot to-night is one'that we all need to study more and more. Jf we could only get oar | churches to live holy lives they would be filled with the Holy Ghost and with power, men would be raised from darkness to light, and there'would be a general awakening and a real revival break out." The speaker dwelt on thn word saint, as taken from Corinthians, and said that" some people thoughtthat to be a saint was to go about with a long face, melancholy like, n'evor smile,'and thereforenever'be happy i but this was a mistake, as he himself was the happiest man in the world. He was full of joy and gladness and was always singing, and when he died bis earnest wish was tnst he should die singing, and whfcn be got'home to glory be shoold sing the new song for ever and ever; ho had obtained the blessing of a clean heart for many years, and at all bis ser vices (week nights and Sundayto) be bad seen souls saved." He then proceeded to give the portrait of a saint. " A man who was a saint was one who belonged entirely to God; bis hands, brains, time, and everything, and through giving ourselves ti ^bd oiUV hearts and souls were filled with goodness." He then proceeded to give a true ideal ot a Christian character. " It was not neoessaiy to tell tveiy. body Ah at-we were hbly, tromofe than ft was to take a bunch of violets to ascertain their name. Just as the violet sheds its fragrance through the house, so should we let people see oar holi ness through the face; if the heart was right it would show itself through the face, for uod who commanded light to shihe out M darkness hatb'sbinedSn onri)tiLrtato4p*e the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Christ Jesus. It was hot right for a man to pray and.profe»i toii*VB-this Wsiilng in the meeting, and go bome «nd soold his wife; it should make him a better- husband." He told of women wbo used to leave the dirtunder the mats, but now they believe that eleanliness is a part of godliness, and keep tlieir houses clean; then, too, a man should be lietter in every respect, not io his work in a clip.shod manner, nor go to a boliness meeting iu his employer's time. .He spoke on restitution, and told of people who bad been in debt over twenty years, and, after receiving the hleMing, had paid all they owed. . 'VWlrae to be csrefol how used these boiija jetotir* to ken them {aura, 'fts wetl as our. BWls!.lf soy msnlshall .defilewfciempleof <Jo4fhiin Bhill'Godflastroy, for the temple of Go8 fo4ibly? which temple ye are. What know ye not that your body ia the temple of the Holy Ghost, which is in you. We were exhorted to five out the Christian lite character, obtainIhis bltabing, aniltenbyour consistent lives and by tlw^JWerifcf the Holy Ghost sinners would be convinced of their sine, give themselves tp God, backsliders reclaimed, and God's name glorified;, ' 