COUNTRY HEWS. Apoll was taker, throughout thiiBeUavir.eiiire on Jlondav on the proposed loan of £10, COO for shire improvements, and resulted in nniajority of 33 forbidding the council to borrow. The lad John Baker, who was accidentally shot near Hamilton on Saturday, lEtli ult.. had Deen prusitints ll" —vi y gTinptoms of tetanus manitcsted themselves, and on Olomlay Drs. Heam aud Sandford amputated the Ictt foot above the ankle, but the bov gradually sank and dieth A fire occurred at Mount Prospect, Creswick, on Sunday morning, when a cottage, owned and occupiedliyUIiristopherdeFnigo, blacksmith, at the Hepburn Hocky Bead Company's mine, was reduced to ashes and the wholeof the furni ture destroyed. It was with difficulty that De Fra-o and his wife and three children escaped through a window. There was a small insurance upon the property. It is intended to establish a Roman Catholic College and Orphanage at Ballarat. The first- named will be conducted by the Fathers of the Holy Ghost, and the latter by the Little Sisters of h'azaretli. Both priests and nuns will arrive from England with Bishop Moore in November. The site for the college is in Sturt-street, and was purchased from Mr. Gaunt, barrister, for £4000. The orphanage will be on the eastern side of LakeVTentlouree, and will be open also for the aged and distressed of all creeds. The police and a large number of residents are still working the river in search of the body of the y oung girl, Jane Xichol, who was drowned while attempting to cross the river on horseback. Bynamite was freely used on Friday and Satur day, but the body has not yet been recovered. Tlie father of the girl had constructed across the river a wire netting in the hope of catching the body should it be Boated by the force of the explosive. The hag which Miss Xichol had in her hand has been found five miles away, also a shawl and piece of ribbon she had round her head. It has transpired thai Herbert Beattie, a resident of the locality, immediately lie heard of the occurrence, ran to the spot and plunged into the river, diving many times, at great i isle to his life, in search of the body. 