ALTERING THE TEXT OF SHAKESPEARE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE HERALD. Sir, Few will be disposed to deny the enormity of any man, be he who he may, tampering with or altering in any way, the sacred text of Shakespeare. To do this is nothing short of the very highest treason to the memory of the immortal dramatist, and would not be tolerated for one moment, even if it came from the commanding genius of the great Milton himself. The man who attempts this will, among enlightened men, toll under a crushing con- demnation, and this is about the only result that will be attained. I make these obs' ovations from reading a critique in the Herald of date the 8th of this month on Mr. Main's performance of " Hamlet " other Majesty's Theatre. I have never myself, seen Mr. Miln's performance, and therefore all I have to say is derived from the critique mentioned as touching Mr. Mine's treatment of the text of Shakespeare. I can, of course, say nothing as to his ability or power as an actor. According to the writer in the Herald in repeating the lines, " The time is out of joint, O cursed spite that ever I was born to set it right," we are told that Mr. Miln stops short at born, leaving out the words which alone give the sentence any meaning, " to set it right." What could possibly induce any man to make so mischievous on omission it would be in vain to ask. The words omitted are full of meaning and involve the whole history of the play. The awful revela- tions of the ghost of Hamlet's father threw so terrible a duty on his son, namely, the duty of revenging his father's murder by the murder of his uncle, the King, that under the unbearable torture of this thought he bursts out in the pitiable exclamation, 410 cursed spite," not that ever I was born, but " that ever I was born to set it right." The CUMO applies to the terrible duty of " setting it right," and not to the innocent fact of his being born. Hamlet only. considered it of cursed spite that he was born because his birth laid on his shoulders the frightful duty imposed upon him by the awful words of the ghost,-"If thou didst ever thy dear father love, revenge his foul and most unnatural murder." No wonder that Hamlet should ejaculated,-" O cursed spite that ever I was born to set it right." Hamlet aims all through the piece at " setting it right," but from indecision und hesitation never succeeds, and the catastrophe which the ghost directed Hamlet to effect immediately is only brought about in the last scene of the play, and more by accident than by the direct action of Hamlet himself, and certainly not in consequence of the revelations of the ghost. It will be seen how necessary ere the words " to set it right" which Mr. Miln omits, and how entirely unjustifiable is the omission. After the revelations of the ghost, Hamlet only lived for one purpose, and that purpose was to set it right" and when the silent Shakespeare makes him expressly say so, it is certainly a liberty and n I presumption for any man to deduct so seriously from the true meaning of the play by leaving out the words in question. The next alteration mentioned in the critique is to this effect: " Why, let the Devil wear block, for I'll have a suit of scarlets." 43A suit of BobleB" is the proper test, and the other is mere impertinent conceit, destitute of either sense or meaning. We are next told that when Ophelia gave Hamlet back his presents to her, Hamlet BOSS "I never gave you aught;" Mr. Miln laying the emphasis on you, surely most erroneously. To lay the emphasis on "you would imply that Hamlet has! been in the habit of giving numbers of presents, publicly, to all the people about him, but omitting Ophelia, and the emphasis on " you " would seem to say " it is true I have given many presents to the people around me, but I never gave you any." It is simply another piece of conceit and absurdity. We are also" told that the fine passage where Polouius advises his son was left out; also the prayer of the King, and Hamlet's remarkable speech in surprising him whiles engaged, lins speech give a us an insight into a part of Hamlet's character not obtained in any other port of the play. We see from this speech that Hamlet would not be satisfied by merely killing the king, he aimed at the destruction of his soul as well as his body, and therefore he would not kill him while engaged in so righteous an act as prayer ; he would take him in some act " that has no relish of salvation in t." Then trip him, that his heels may kick at heaven, and that his soul may be as damned and black as bell, whereby it goes." There is a diabolical inveteracy of hatred here not often met with. Poor Othello is different in the last scene with the pure and innocent Desdemona while asking her to seek the mercy of Heaven. He says to her " I would not kill the unprepared spirit ; no, Heaven forfend ! I would not kill thy soul." Our actors would do well to remember that there are no two meanings to be put on Shakespeare's great work. He is plain, clear, decisive, and easily understood and while some men labour to achieve on ephemeral distinction by adopting strange and uncouth readings of the plainest of writings, they cannot but observe the extent to which such practices cause the " judicious to grieve." - I am, c, < DAVID BUCHANAN. Oct. 16. 