. STORY BY HELEN JACKSON' (. H.) Author of "Verses," " Bits' of' Triavel," " Bits of Travel ?'rit.Home," "Bits of Talk abodt Hoime Matters,"ete O;CAPTER. XT I.--(Continued.). .Rumonis about Felipeo rian swiftly throughout ther'egiorn.e 'The presence In the Cahuilla village of tarich Mexi cua: genfI?eman?iv o, ;spenti gold like wate r;: ndi kept mounted men -riding day and night tifter everything, anly thing, he wanted for his sick sister, was an event which in the atmosphere of thtt lonely country loomed into colossal proportions.: .He had travelled all over California, with- our horses, in search of her. He was only waiting till she was well,' to take her to his home in the souith;. and then he was going, to arrest the man who had murdered her husband, and have him hanged,-yes, hanged! Small doubt about that; or, if the law cleared him, there was still the bullet. This rich Senor would see h;im shot, if rope were not to be had. Jim Farrar heard these tales, and quaked in his guilty soul. The rope he had small fear of, for well he knew the temper of San Diego County juries aid judges; but the bullet, that was another thing: and these Mexicans were like Indians in their vengeance. Time did-not tire them, -and their memories 'were long. Farrar cursed the day. he had let his temper get the better of him on that lonely mountain side;:how :much the better, nobody but'he himself knew,-nobody but he and Ramona: and even Ramona did not know the bitter whole. She knew that.Alessandro had no knife, and had gone forward with. no hostile intent; but she knew nothing beyond that. Only the murderer himself knew that the dialogue which he had reported to the judge and jury, to justify his act, was an entire' fabrication of his own, and that, instead of it, had been spoken but four words by Alessanidro, and those were, 'Senor, I will explain';' and that even after the first shot had pierced'.his lungs, and the blood ivas choking 'in his throati he had still run a step or two, farther, with his hands uplifted' deprecatingly, and made one more effortpto speak before he fell to thoe ground dead. Callous as Farrar was, and clear as it was in his mind that killing' an Indian was no harm, he had not liked to recall the pleading anguish in Alessandro's tone and in his face as he fell. He had not liked to: recall this, even before he heard' of this rich Mexican brother-in-law who had appeared on the scene; and now, he found the memories still more un Spleasant. Fear is a, wonderful 'goad to 'remorse. 'There was another thing, too;, 'which to his great wonder' had been: apparently overlooked by 'every body ; at least, nothing had been said about it; but the bearing of it on his case, if the case were brought 'up a second time and minutely investigated, :would be most unfortunate. And this was, that the only clue he" had to the fact of'Alessandro's "having taken his horse 'was, that the poor, half-crazed fellow had left his own, well-known i;.gray pony intthe corral in place of the bhorse he took.' ,A strange thing, surely, for a horse-thief to do! Cold sweat burst out on Farrar's forehead, more than once, as he realised 1io'w. this, coufpled. with: the 'well-known' fact of Alessandro's liability to attacks of in sanity, might be made to tell against him, if he should be brought to trial for the murder. HeHe was as cowardly 'aslhe' was cruel': never yet. were the two traits separate in human nfature; and 'after a few' days of this torturing suspense and apprehensioui he suddenly 'resolved' to'. leave the .couiitry,;if not for ever, at least for a' few yeas,' till :this brother-in-law should be .out of the way. He lost no time in carrying out his resolution; and it was well he did not, for it was only three 'days after he had disappeared that' Felipe walked into Judge Wells's offico one morning, to make inquiries relative to the preliminary hearing which had been held there in the matter of the murder of the Indian, Alessandro: Assis, by James Farrar. And when the judge, taking down his books, read to Felipe his notes of the case, and went on to say, 'If Farrar's testimony is true, Ramona's, the wife's, must be false,' and ' at any rate, her testimony would not be worth a straw with any jury,' Felipe sprang to his feeoot, and cried, ' She of whom you speak is my ioster-sistoer; and, by God, Senor, if I cm find that man, I will shoot him as I would a dog! And I'll see, then, if a San Diego County jury will .hang me-ofor ridding the country of such a uite I' aed Feline would have been as good.as his word. It was a wise thing Farrar haiddone in making his escape. When Aunt .Ri heard that Fairar had fled the country, she pushed up her spectacles and looked reflecti-'ely at her- informant. 'It was yopng Merrill. ' Fled ther country,;hez'he ?'"' she said. 'Xall, he kin flee ez many countries ez.helikes ..an'. 'twon!t?dew. him no good :-I know yeor folks'iiyar. don;'t seem ter think killin' an Injun s. enny -murder, .but--I say 'tis; -an yeow'llill l git.it.brung home ter yer afore : or diie :;f;'te: amin'.brung' one `way, 't '11 le another; yeow jest .mind what Isay, 'n' don't yeow furgit it. Naow this miser'ble murderer, this Farrar, thet's lighted out er hyar, he's hothin';iiore 'n'a skunkl ' liut' h's. got the Lawd arter him, naow. It's jest: 's well. he's gawnp I .never did .beleeve' in" hangin'. ,I never could. :It's jest-tow, men dead 'stead o' one. =I don't wait 'to see no man hung, no ,marter what .he's done, 'n' I don't ?want to see no man shot down, nuther, no marter what he's done; 'n' this hyar Feeleepy, he's thet high- strung, he'd ha' shot thot Farrar, any minnit, quicker 'n :lightnin', ef he'd ketched him,;, so it's better. all raound. he's. lit aodt:. But I"'tell 'yeow, naowi, he hain't made much by goin'! Thet Injun hle murdered '11 foller him night 'n' 'day, 'till he dies, "'n' lng arter; he'll wish 'ie 'wuz dead afore he does die, I allow he will, naow. Hb'll be 'jest like a man: I khoi ed back i$ n Tennessee. I wa'n't but': I mite then, but.I:never forgot it. -Its's a great country, for gourds, an' East Tennessee is, whar I wuz raised; 'n' tlhar wuz two houses, an' 'a fence between 'em, an' these gourds a run iiii' all; overfthe fence'; an' on&b;' other childruiin picked one '-o themi gourds, an' they fit aabeiit::it";" an' then the women took it iip, ?-ther.. childrun's mothers, `yer 'know?--an they 'got fightin' abaout it.; an. then at the last 'the men took it up; an'. they- fit; an' Rowell he got his butcher- knife, an' he ground' it 'up;: an' he' picked a querril with Claiborne, an..he cuit him inter pieces. They 'ied him up for it, an' somehow they clared him. I don't see how they ever did, but they put it off, an' put it off, an" at last'they got him free; an' he lived on thar a spell, but he couldn't stand it; 'peared like he never hed no peace; an' he come over ter our 'us, an' sed he, ' Jak,' they allers called daddy '"Jake, ''or ' Uncle Jake,'--' Jake, sod he,.'I ('aa't stand it, livin' hyar.' Why,' sez daddy, 'the law o': the country 's clar'd ye.' Yes, sez he, ' bhit the law o' God hain't ; an'I've got Olaiblorn'e allers with me.. Thar ain't any path so narrer but he's a walkin' in i;, by my side, all day; an' come night, I sleep with him ter one side, an':my wife t' other; an' I can't stand' it !' Them's ther very words I heered'him say, an' I wuzn't ennythin''but a miite, but I didn'tforgit it: Wall, si, he went West, way aout hyar to ?ali forny, and he couldn't' stay thai, huther, and he come back hum. agin; and I wuz bigger then, a gal grown, and daddy sez to him,-I heern him,-Wal sez he, ' did Clailborne folleryer ?'. 'Yes,. sez he, the folýered me. I'll never git shet of him i this world" . 'He's allers clost to me e ery whar.' Ye see, 't was jest his' con scienceer wgipping him. Thet's all it wuz., At least, thet's all I thihik it wuz; though there were those thet said it wuz 'Claiborne's ghost. An' thet'll be the way 't '11 be with this miser'ble Farrar. He'll live ter wish he'd let hisself be hanged' er shot, er erry which way, ter git out erb his misery.' Young Merrill listened with un wonted gravity to Aunt Ri's earnest words. .They reached a depth in his nature which had been long i un touched; a stratum, so to speak, which lay far beneath the surface. The character of the Western frontiers man is often a singular accumulation of such strata,-the training and' be liefs of his earliest' days overlain by successions of unrelated and violent experiences, like geological deposits. Underneath the exterior crust of the most hardened and ruffianly nature often remains-its forms not yet 4uite fossilised-a realm full of the dovout customs, doctrines, religious influences, which the boy knew, and the maa re members. By sudden upheval, in some great catastrophe or struggle in his mature life, these all come again into the light. Assembly Catechism definitions, which he learned in his childhood, and has not though't of since, ring in his ears, and b is thrown into all manner of confusious and inconsistencies of feeling and speech by this clashing of the old and new man within him. It was miuch in this way that Aunt Ri's words smote upon young Merrill. He was not many years removed from the sound of a preaching of the straitost New England Calvinism. The wild frontier life had drawn him in and under, as in a whirlpool; but he kas New Englander yet at heart. 'That's so, Aunt Ri !' he exclaimed. 'That's so ! I don't suppose a man that has committed murder will qver have any peace in this world, nor the next nuther, without he repents; but ye see this hoses-stealing business is different. It ain't murder to kill a boss-thief, any way you can fix it; everybody admits that. A feller thht's caught hoss-stealing had ought td be shot; and he will be, too, .I toll you, in this country !' A look of impatient despair spread over Aunt Ri's face. 'I hain't no patience Left with yer,' she said, ' er talkin' abaout stealin'-'hosses ez, ef hosses wuz more 'n human boin's! But lettin' thet all go, this Injun, he wuz crazy. Yoe all knmowed it. Tlhet Farrar knowed it. D' yer think of he'd ben stealin' the boss he'd er left his own hoss in the corrall, same ez, yer might say, leavin' his kyerd to say 't wus he done it; 'n' the hoses er tied in plain sight. 'n front uv his house fur ennybody ter see?' ' Left his own horse, so he did!' retorted Merrill. ' A poor, miserable, knock-kneed old pony, that wa'n't worth twenty dollars; 'n Jim's horse was worth two hundred, 'n cheap at that:' ' Thet ain't nuther here nor thar in -what -we air sayin',' persisted Aunt Ri. : I ain't a speakin' on 't ez a swap er h:osses. What I say is, he wa'n't tryin' to cover 't up thet he'd tuk the hoss. We air sum .used ter hoss thieves in Teinesse?' but I never heered o' one yit thet left his name fur a refference berh ind him, ter show which road he tuk, 'n fastened ther stolen critter ter his front gate when he got hum! I allow me 'n yeow hedn't better say anythin'. much -more on ther subjeck, fur I allow we air bound to querril ef we dew;' and nothing that Merrill said could draw another word out of Aunt Ri in regard to Alessandro's death. But there was another subject on which she was tire= less, and her speech eloquent. It was the kindness and goodness of the Cahuilla people. The last vestige of her prejudice against Indians had melted and gone, in the presence odf their simple-hearted friendliness. ' I'll Inever, hear a: word said agin 'em, never, ter my.longest day,' she said. 'The way the pore things hed jest stripped theirselves to git things fur Ramony, beat all ever I see among white folks, 'n I've ben raound more 'n most., 'N they wa'n't lookin' fur no pay, nuther; fur they didn't know, till Feeleepy 'n me cum, that she hed any folks ennywhar, 'n they'd ha' taken care on her till she died, jest the- same. The sick allers ez took care on among them, they sed, 's long uz enny on 'em hez got a thing left. Thet's ther way they air raised,; I allow white' folks might take. a lesson on 'em, in thet; 'n in heaps uv other thihgs tew. Oh, I'm done talkin' agin Injuns, naow, don't yeow furgit it i But I know, fur all thet, 't won't make any. difference; 'pears like there cuddn't nobody b'leeve ennythin' 'n this world 'thout seein' 't theirselves. I wuz thet way tew; I allow I hain't got no call ter talk i but I jest wish the. hull world could see what I've seen! Thet's all!' It was a sad day in the village when Ramona and her friends departed. Heartily as the kindly people rejoiced in her having found such a protector for herself and her child, and deeply as they felt Felipe's and Aunt Ri's goodwill and gratitude towards them, they were yet conscious of a loss,-of a void. The gulf between them and the rest of the world seemed defined anew, their sense of isolation deepened, their hopeless poverty emphasised. Bamona, wife of Alessandro, had been as their sister,-one of them ; as such she would have had share in all their life had to offer. .But its utmost was nothing, was but hardship and depri vation ; and she was being borne away from it, like one rescued, not so much from death as from a life worse than death. The tears streamed down Ramona's face as she bade them farewell. She embraced again and again the young mother who had for so many days suckled her child, even, it was said, depriving her own hardier babe that Ramona's should not suffer. ' Sister; you have given me my child,', she cried; ' I can never thank you; I will pray for you all my life.' She made no inquiries as to Felipe's plans. Unquestioningly, like a little child, she resigned herself, into his hands. A power greater than hers was ordering her way; Felipe was its instrument. No other voice spoke to guide her. The same old simplicity of acceptance whirh had characterised her daily life in her girlhood, and kept her serene and sunny then,-serene under trials, sunny in her routine of little duties,-had kept her serene through all the afflictions, and calm, if not sunny, under all the burdens of her later life; and it did not desert her even now. Aunt Ri gazed at her with a senti ment as near to veneration'as her dry, humorous, practical nature was capable of feeling. 'I allow I `donn'o but-I sh'd cum ter believin' in saints tew,' she said,' ef I w.uz tar live 'long side er thet girl. 'Pears like she wuz suthin' more 'n human. 'T beats me plum out ther way;she takes her troubles: Thar's sum would say she hedn't no feelin'; but I allow she hez more 'n most folks. I kin see 't ain't thet. I allow I didn't never expect ter think 's well uv prayin' to picters, 'n strings er beads, 'n sech; but ef 't's thet keeps her up ther way she's kept up, I allow thar's more in it 'n it's hed credit fur. I ain't gwine ter say enny more agin it, nor agin Injuns. 'Pears like I'm gettin' heaps er new idears inter my head, these days. I'll turn Injun,. mebbo, afore I get through !' (To be Continued.') 