r- HE GOLDEN HOPE. , A BOMANCE OP THE DEEP. *I ''drea a dreIm tbht ws noat %ll a dramr.' BZ W. CoL.i RCSSZLL. CHArPTEm XLV.-THr- BUnrIL or TIu Breaches granted as ihogh satisfied. but Om0e hoarse wtl'pered commenta werd atle wi by the ottere, which musst have :plunged all hands into a long discuasion, h d 'Bobue been impolitic enough La ovorhear them. Soon again, however, the Lubtla uub -: dadolg i fluence created by the little eileut 'bod4 unaUr the tarpaulin was Ilit by toeo monn. Toeir thoughta went to the infatt anid 'hey -Bpke of hnm; then Martin Goidaui;h r. mnembered a cree-py and chilly -tory if .In apprentice who had been an irphbu an I w,, put cs sea by an uncle wbom lir hai talk-d of as an harsh and cruel mmn. This lad diae through a fall from the mrathead. They laid 4aim out, and that name night an able -e..mnr o'amed Moses BoDles, going saf to take ithl "Wheel and pasalon by where the bodi lay, saw the appari:ton of a female with her fin>ees locked upon her forehead. leaning over the body and aun.estii.gy hy ,'er ab:titje that sha bad dsiuovvredi wli,, t bhi b)y had boon, and " ;WM in wild anrtnish. 'lBoles was so frightened,' said Go.d.mith, 'that he ran back into the fok'ele, woke up all hands, who came on deck to see the apparirion, but the figure had disappeared Yet there was not Sthe leat doubt thua Bogles had spoken the truth, for his inucerity was shown ny the effeet the eight produced upon his mind. He hal been a drunken swearing fellow b,'foe, but from that night he read the Bible re.cu Ihrly aod became a pious man.' Aneon, the cook, had also hie litild yarn to doliver. Archer likewise told of a ghost, and old 'Breechee, never to be beaten when it came to Iinuning twisterd, narrated in a gruff but tremulous voice how his mother had been visited in the dead at night by an elder brother of hi, who cime to the street door when the snow was a foot thick with nothing on but a pair ol drill trousers, ' There wos a moon,' said Bill, 'and she saw his face plain. but as she'd only received a letter a fortnight afore-be was In the Rloyal navy, was Joseph -?aaiing that the frigate had reacbed Kings' ton, Jamaica, and was like to be kept on that there station for some months, she was no conloundod, not more by his turning up in that rig than by his turning up at all, that bhe tumbled down in a fit, the noise of which alarming a lodger that had a wooden lng who slept in the back parlour, he chipued his Ing and come out, and teeing nothen but mother -a laying in a swoond upon the mat, he shuos the street door and carries her on to a nofa, where, after a bit ehe rewived. Well, what 1 happened?' said old Breeches, turning hi I face, dim in the starlight, round upon the I men, the glistening of whose eyes was the only discornible point in their dusky coun tenances. 'Smue tine after she got a letter t from the Adnmir,.lty statiun that her son Joseph had been drownded by failing over board at night in Kirngs'on harbour, and it c tamed out that at the very time he was H under water the knock came at the door, and t his mother see him a standing in the snow.' But it was hard upon iight bells; Stone I had onished his pips, and drawing himself up f with a look round at the sen, he said, ' Well, I we live in a fantas ic world ; but there'i no 9 use a growling,' and wi h that he walked I quietly aft, pausingt a moment when abreast of the tarpaulin and ilooing at it, and then moving osn ifresh with a sign. The men after talking a little broke up. The first watch I bad begrun; half the crow went below, the t oltere, who had to keep the dock, hung h together walking in twos and twos, one pair I in the gangway, another on the forecastle. n The shadow of death was on the little ship, o and whera the tarpaunin was the darkness hung deep, and as often as the spot wa t paseed the footfall was softened, the low I voice sunlk lower yet into a whiep:'r. It would he mere inmaination, of couraa ; yet I the whole thing appeared as though accen- 9 tuated by the uight; by the steady solemn burning of the star, ; by the delicate swell that underran the echooner with a molan. choly reaspration ; by the parting waters stealing along in sounds of weeping; by the spectral wings of canvas alowly fanning the darkness under the glittering heights ; by the T light moaning noiose breaking out, from God I knows what part of the interior of the t gliding fabric. Even to thee, O tiny fragment of human 1 clay there had come the umarvellous gift of i death; the power of subduing to the com plexion of thinie inquiratins whatever the t ere could behold, whatever the ear could hear The wind shifted in the nitht. It blew, but without much weight, from the north. ward ; and the uin roas upon the Golden Rosto close-hau'ed, leaning slightly, thre .points off her course. Fortlecue, who, in a'ccordan:e with his rpgular cuetom, hal *-turned the key in Agatha's idoor overnight with greater solicitudlo ,n this occteion than he had before felt, for he greatly feared the perturbing influence of the sorrowful events of the day upon her mind and tie dominion of sorrow not less active in sleep than in waking-Mr. Forlescue on quitting his own berth lightly unlocied h-r door, n tl after listening intently for some moments, knocked. She answered by opening the door. She wi.a fully dressed, but hid not ret boun:d her h ir 'up; it was like a san-touched fouuntain raluinug o?u liher back andover her slouldero, wondrously plentiful and moat daintily rich and r diant; her beauty, pale and hard with ' melancholy-with such melancholy as would possess a mind that was without memory, without a remombt-red past, and the solace estrospection yields-met the vision of the lover with the novelts he would have found In a marble image of hil darling. There was a darknesa under the ever geitlo eyes, a Iang.nr in the droop of tho lids ,hich told of a troubled night. He held her haud as he asked her how she had eleut 'Not well,' ohe ann?ered; 'I missed my .tttle companion'-her lip quivered. 'Why, that was to be expected, Agatha,' ihe said, calling her by her name, for there was something in the stoniness grief had out 'Into her face that to his seentiveness repelled n the more endearing terms he was used to o employ; 'but time that heals all will soon b accustom you to the poor babe's absence.' S he looked down as though she dindained i s'uch an assurance as ilht, and' eald with "oarcely moving lips, like one thinking 'aloud : 'I caned hisl eath. It. w s intended t should be so. Why was memory taken, h ^ from me if it was not rmeant I should be '0lone-alone I' She ruised llr hand as though b ot press her forehnad, but toneaching her hair 'sbhe seemed atartled to find it hanginl wild f t'albotic her, and with a faint blush of confoaion e ,he made as though to close the door upon e the clergyman. I 'Wlll you come to the table to break- li 'fAtLAgatha, or aball I bring a tray here to 'I will come to the thole,' she answered. He"' 1 said ?)(tly, * The little one willl be 'tibtled at eleven. Is it your wish to be a '·present' 'Yls,' bhe reapond-d, with an nnanusul qunlcknes, turning towards him, ' ertainly I t S«wlb to he present.' Her manner cLheked hmu, otherwise be I inilght have asked her to consider whethe' 'a·he wuutd hero the heart to witnes the ' ;llipplng of the little hammock off its plank, end to beer the gaze of the men, all of whom I would be asiembed Sre came' to the .breakfa t tble when the meat was ready, but 1 * only responded very faintly and brelllv ti) .'Hiram's rspectful salate. 8enain it was not 'lhatr humour to lspek, Weeks felt silent bim * relf, and breakfrat was got through wilb h s. earoe more than half a dozen words between 'the skipper and r. Fortecae- H. r maonner i'aS a blow to Weeks, wbho had been re 'lbhersing many observations of a enneslatory * ehshactrr. ' The truh is, he considered that * .rWlliam Stone bad enjoyed coo large a share *fte the privilege of advising th? clergyman and : armoniint both him and lMiss Fx as occa -?amon reqotred. He felt that bin own parts in Ithis reespct wonlt' remain unnimgined if be r rildmot, brush up toe mind God had given fima. and delivered the opinions which forned n him durine his watch on deck, or his: 'waing moments noeiow. However, there rwa'n"'he'o for it 'he inexp-essih'e o me "thing in Agatha's laco and boearns that hnd 'allenceJ eren in Fotescue the im '. sioned elloving names he bad hitherto ca led her ny rw*s. acntely felt by Weeks also, as hbe teat 'workiog away at a plate of rashers of bacon, with a hasty ogle of her from time qt9 time ont of the corner of one protruding .,. ,Wham br'akfast was over she rose nistly. I ,pMing near tha clergyman to say, ' Will you ,'let mekno' whna I am to come on deck for :ehasfuneral?' 0-'.,'e*prtaiflri' he answernd. i hereneon she went straisht to her berth. ..tyam. sandilnc 'erect on hbs compes-illIe , I looked intently at Fo-tesca', as though , ..datita whether he should speak; hau it was ,?- iseible for himu tokeep bra tongau still. d, -S ld in a harsh, saw.like whisper r s'oY 'SmTeys could have bexived, air, she had so ; ,,i 'hto -that there child. Bad bhe heen.lts Ui 5l5l 5n5 0eo'.a s.gn..u 'so ar'r m' slaber. own mother, the druwnmz cf It couldu t hlve ca wied lhr more griof. Pity I h-plrned all this way down here. It wouldn't so much matter if this sorrow had fallin upon her "hrn we 'as even within a week's sail of ]i..liland, for then there'd be all the intereoit of the shore close at hond to smother down her lamentations a bit, and, maybe, as Bill Y'one thinks, to give lier hbck her memory, r: which case the joyllhe'dtinl in rucolteititn Af 're rid beholding once again *ll theim .d eati factions which she can't now percaivo, ; outl make this melancholy lit:le jjb so in ltuillt erinugh, thoulh auch is the notural i-ndleio.e if her hn?rt that I don't meaw to supaose she wouldn't always find it affecting ' F.orte"ene hid to', sweet a nature ever tCo sho? -m 'na ience at the aool irntnlone of Ottfiro, n') matter how dlitrseing might be h. form they to.k; ,it Aa' ha had inepired hien w*ih thonghta infliri'elr tO) deep for utto a.10c to «uch a o a.o as Weeki, and with faincie and feari which male him recoil Iruui the mure idea of talking about her. W\Veki's ambihtion t-o thaie as a blilosopher and a moralist mau t therefore be biulked ,sain. Tau cL.rgyin m, with a bi: of corn um,,ipace on hi lips, which, strive his u most, tih could riot force into a smile, want to his berth, and Flirnm passieg the nack of hie hand with a long sweep ov.r his mouth, ian I a slightly creatfallen look, itcte, a mole. .ki, cyp ,?' hbi hoad and climoed on de k to relieve old ttoie. The m:,rnin4 parsed quickly. It woe now a quarter to eleven. The men were below in the forecetole, cleaning themselves for the c-remony ; ihe yeonuK asamril, Joe RHll. lwa. at the tiller, and Stone, in his Suanday clothel. paced the dock wjth a sober, pious look uponi his face. The echooner, heeliud to the exrent of a atrako by thb breeze, was sailing quicklI but without inoie, for thu sea was smooth, and what small rillosr the wind set runoin I wure hut li'tio more rh'n Itrin ripple, with curls of loam flashing out f their herds here I and there too light to tb'ek with tonsu I again-t th %esather bow. Theeun stnod high I at.d awuUo with glory over the foretopmast- i head in unison with the slow breathing of I thoe ,coan, which keot the vessel regularly t but vey lightly 'waiuog. The horizon waet I around ilo ice- like sharpness of outline, for i the moroing air was extraordinarily brilliant t and traneparent, bearing the eye to. the I netherm,,st horizon, whose dlstiactonu? maonitud the crpacionus ipere of the light blue girdle, thus empharsieing the loneliness of the -chooner upon that spacious fild, by the immensity of the surface that trdmbleo il glitterlngs under the high and gluaming heavens. There was no hell to strike, but at 11 o'clook the word went along, and the crew lay aft, collecting at the gangway. whither one of them camo-no other than William Breeches -hearing under his arm a plank with the little bhdy upon it, over which wes spread thu Eaugeah ensign. One end of this plank c be rested on the rail, tlieotler he held. He was bareheaded, and kept his rugged, we ither.eamed face bowed. They had, P these plain merch 'nt sailors, but little cloice t of clothes among them; their mourning t must be gotten out of polihole faces and hair h combed smooth. nod clean shirts wBshed in t' salt w.,ter, and, some of them, cenivas trousers who-e tarry stains defied the ecrob. hing brush and the lee scuppers. They were p'omptly joined by Hiram and Stone, the former, like his mate, c-ad in his beat suit. Upon the skipper's lonr, gaunt, yellow face, grief, of a mute-lik type, was nicely calc INted to sit becominrly ; but had he been act ing a irrow all his life, no expre-nion of it he ' could have aseumed would comie near to a likeness of the manly, pathetic hone-ty of feeling you saw inhiseyes, when, afterlertinz them rest for a few moments on the little burden, he turned them upon the deck at his feet, gazing so till he had tautened his wide I mouth oat of the twitchings in the extremitiee of it. In a few moments Fortesone came out of W the companion with Agatha. The clergyman took his place close to the body. The men h backed away a little to make room, partiia larly leaving a space for Agatha, facing the gangway. Her face was painfully white; the most ignorantglance would have traced the marks of the grief the lo'e of the child had impressed upon her. The hollows in her eyes were noticeable for the darkness in them, and for the aspect of illness they gave to her. It was difficult to look at her and not observe the fading that had happeoed in a twenty-four hours, without gueseing that " there had been on artificiality in her island t bloom, in the u?rm ilnohed tropic glow of a beauty that had amazed Fortescue to sea in h her, and that had lingered scarce unimpaired I down to the last week or two, wien it tegan a to dim to her secret fretting. She flied her eyes on the eosign that covered the plank, I and seemed utterly ineensible to ull things B but the fancies that came to her from the h outline defined by the thin hunting. Tho t sailoro looked at her slightly ; their respect was too strong to suffer their glance to ap- 1 proach a stare, and then again it was a moment to aubdue them and to ph.rpen their natural regret at the lose of the little one whom they had watched, talked to, and learned to love, into briny p'ty and a ro)th e sort of grief. Still they could not help t peeping at her, for ahe stood near; her colourleaesnes arid fixed gaza, her still, rapt a posture, invited their regard. It is true that ' Archer had cleared their minde of the super- t stition sho had excited in them. but the r memrory of the fancies they had had about her 1 reunried. This was the girl, some of them thoutght in their own rude tongue, who had c b-oan beheld by that clergymen yonder, when 8 at a distance -f thousands of miles from her, a kneeling upon the shure of the island, then d rising and appealing to him to come to her ; 1I from whom eickneoe had fallen as a iarment a after memory had been shockedout of her by r brutality ; whooe past bad blackened upon a her mind and was as dead to her as the b infaut upoi the plank there, thouth in P sleoping ehe could recollect, and staldingi under the starlight at the rail of the schooner 1 look across the rounded Ber to England from a the lidian ocean, anid talk with her lover as if he were there instead of being at her aide, I and appeal to bim as if there were no sanity for her but in slumber, though when bshe opened her eyes in waking hle turned them c like a blind woman upon him I The schooner swayed gantly ; at every man's foot his shadow swanr, and in the aanse that fell, whilst Fotescue opened his book ere railing it to read, you would have heiard nothing but the innumerable whisper. inogtofthe water, delicately seething and softly sliding past, as though there were spirits over the side answering in faint notes the mullfle questionings of the winds that hummed like the buzzing of flies heard afar amid the complicated crrdage, and past the bolt ropes of the steady cloths. Mr. Forrescue began to read. It was a familiar oifice to him, and his voice was low, steady, and sad, but sweet with cultivated utterance. The moment bhe commenced. Breechoe quietly pulled the ensign off the littlir hammock, ready for the final liunch since he could nor, imagine when the word p would be given ; having but the very, elendere.t acquolntance wl'h the burial er-. vice, and therefore seeing ' everythg clear ' as a true sailor should, nnder all circum stances. It was noticed that a shudder wrenched Agatha from head to foot, that her ( fingers closed into the palm as if the nnil' t would cot the fle.h there, and that she let a breath fly from her in a paseionate sigh that was like a faint cry to those who stood nearest when the htmmook was axposod ; other. wise she hell b-rself steady with her eyes rooted upon the little body. But it was iudeud a sIght to melt any heart. Never had the blue of heaven looked down upon a tinier hamm-ck. In its llttleuea , mainly lay the aBpelt that stirred the men when the old eeaman laid bare the minute ocean ebrouid. Old Stone's eyes were wet, Hiram folded his ardr, tightly aer~nae his breast and hung his head, and Archer, after a short look at the baby outline, turned his he'sd a-ido with his band over the face. Mr. Fortescue continued reading slowly, with a thrill running through his voice for a moment a- ba lifted his e>ea from the book and directed them at the plank, but old Stone was observed to suddenly squeeze a Sknuckle into his eyes and regard Agatha askant, but with a steadfast wa chfulnees of gzea that mnst have made you .ee his mind was wholly off the funeral, and that he was thbkiklng of nothlng but wat hbe looked A change had corpn over her too She had hrkoen away from her intnot stare •a the baby, and was now g·zing at Mr. Forteacne with a singular cxprsasion slowly entering her face, and stirring in every twitch and line of it. and gradually dilating her eyes and lift ing her brows like a al iw Doiron of madness working to hrr hrain. No one appeared to notice this hut Stone. Mr Fortecuae read;: ' We therefore com mit his body ti, the deep to be turned into corruption--' He p used, with a glance at Broeches, which the old man instantly understood. With a quick movement he rained the end of the plihk, and the' tiny white hammock flushad from the rail like a bird of sn--wi plumnage taking flight. Eall at the tiller lnstinctlively tarned hlI head to lonk over the quartsr,'sb t the pilnila wateer otbing alint the bends had caught the bahble and swept it into the aunhine in thaewlke, ua d In' breath it was gone, aymbollelsg the vanishment of *e Ir'le oe-c t.o . fninner r"l trn'y t? d--pen i the hope expreascd in the words ' looking for the resnrrection of the body (when the tee shall give up har desdl, and the life of the I .rld to come, tthouoh our LorJ Jesus Obriet.' The clereyman wao pro:ending, solemnity rathering in hie rich voice now tht the olankt h.d been tilted, and the feeling was tie numeleds little atiauner that bad come to .hem for their love and moiistration was at laut truly at peace, and in the bosom of Him rite ha b t ied him, when on a sud;lon Stonic cried out, ' Mr. FJritacee, look at Mics Fox, air I' She was atanding as though transfixed, with an erpreesion on her of wildest as ronishment, thae of its own emo:tonal force had given a colour to her face. Her eae. .ere opentd to their tUlllet extent. It was as if a esprt nwved before hor-somothing toat h.d at birat tiled her with amazement liie horror, thongh the terror was pa'itin, and thie lustre ,.f delight was dimly -if tog th'ough the astoolahed, half-incredulous, h.!f-tcrrified stare that Ph? had fired upon her lover. She tottered once or twice as if she would fall She sought to speak, but her tipe turned white at the eff -rt, and her throat crimeonert at with strangulation ; but vre Mr. Forreecae could spring towards her Ithe had utt red hi rna:tm, ' Malcolm!' iat ara: in a choking cry, but then ' Maloom I Mla'colm! MalcolIm ! thri.e, in thrieke ; .nd with a leap she was upon his breast, he, nanda locked round hia neck, her head upon his hosom. ' Agatha.' he cried, 'you know me at last. Your memory bas returned to you I Beloved one, cll me arain by name !' fE-r clasped relaxed. Sne fainted. "*ti the baby's doing,' said Stone, aloud. looking round ; 'ase loved him, and he repays her hby giving her her memory hack. It come with the launching of the hammock. I watch-d it working in her. Great God I how beautiful it to to think of a woman's happiness returning to her as a gift of love fr rn the little 'un she'd been as a mother to l' and witht working lipse and eyes again brimming over, the old mon s'ep;ed to the rall, and looked along the glittering furrow of the schooner towards the spot where the body of the little one had vanished. 