JACK AND BESS. SCHOAPTER XY I-(0ontinued). Aaron obeyed, his cheeks ashy white, and his heart in his boots. It was no ghost, however, but the Lieutenant in the flesh, tall and gallant, and apparently none . the worse for the night's adventure, who walked in, followed by Mr. Brinjes. He was arrayed in his great wig and velvet coat, in honour of the Club whither he was going. This splendour added weight to the words which followed. 'Aaron,' said the Lieutenant, 'or Cain the Murderer, if you like the name better; there was, last night, a purse in my pocket containing, as near as I can remember, the sum of five guineas and a crown. Your frieinds have taken it from me. Give me back those five guineas and that crown.'. ' What friends ? I know nothing abi6dftany friends or any five guineas! What: mea?i you? I know nothing about the matter. It .was not I that knocked you on the head, Lieutenant.' ' Why- see-you are self. convicted and condemned! "Who spoke of knocking on the head ? How should you know what was done unless you wore one of them? Five guineas, Aaron, and a crown, or '-here he swore a groat oath-' you go before the magistrate to-morrow with your friends, the crimp's men, and answer to the charge of highway robbery, and thence to Newgate. And so,. in due time, to Tyburn in a comfortable cart. Five guineas, Aaron.' He hold out his hand inexorably, while Aaron trembled. This man was worse than any ghost. 'Pay the money, Aaron,' said Mr. Brinjes, ' and thank your good fortune that you have so far got off so cheap. So far, Aaron. Not that we have done with you. Look for misfortune, friend Aaron.' He said this so solemnly that it sounded like a prophecy. 'Men who get crimps to rob for them and kidnap for them cannot hope to prosper. Therefore expect misfortune. You have many irons in the fire; you can be attacked on many sides; you build boats, you run across to the French coast, you hell your smuggled lace and brandy. Misfortunes of all kinds may happen to such as you. But you must pay this money, or else you will swing; you will swing, friend Aaron; and when-you have paid it do not think to escape more trouble. I say not that it will be rheumatism, or sciatica, or lumbago, all of which lay a man on his back and twist his limbs, and p.inch and torture him. Perhaps-- biut look out for trouble.' Aaron lugged out his purse and counted five guineas, which he handed over to Jack without a word. '"What?' cried Mr. Brinjes, his ;eye like a rod-hot coal, 'the Lieu tenant forgives you, and you think you are going to escape scot-free! Not so, Aaron, not so; there are many ,punishments for such as you. I know not yet but you must swing for this, in spite of this forgiveness. ",?Many punishments there are. I know not yet what yours shall be. Come, Lieutenant, leave him to dream of Ne'wgate.' CHAPTER XXII. THE PRIVATEERS. STHE time allowed to a sailor in which to make love is short, being no more .than the interval between two voyages. (He generally makes up for brevity by the display of an ardour unknown to landsmen.) And now the hour approached when Jack must tear him self from the arms of his mistress, and go forth again to face the rude blast, the angry ocean, and the roar ing of the enemy's guns. Regardless of his former sufferings, he desired nothing better than to put to sea once more; and he was not one ,to go away , crying because there would be no more kisses for. a spell. Among the King's ships laid up in ordinary at Deptford, during the seoven years' .peace, was a certain twenty-eight-gun frigate called the Tartar. I know not what had been her record up to this period; but that -matters nothing, because it will be allowed that she is now very well known to all French sailors, and rd garded by them with a very peculiar terror. She was built on lines some what out of the common, being -sharper in the bows and narrower in ,.the beam thr.n most ships. She rode deep, but she was so fast a sailer that nothing could escape her when she orowded all her canvas and gave chase; a beautiful ship she was, to Smy eyes, oven while laid up in ordinary, with the lower masts taken ut of her, and a mere hulk. ''.But,' said Jack, 'you. should see such a ship sailing. What do you landsmen know of a ship, when you have never seen one running free before the wind, every inch of canvas set--studnin' -sails, flying-jib, sky scsapei s, and all ? You draw ships, Lueke; but you have never seen a ship at sea.' That was true; but, on the other hand, I never attempted to draw a ship sailing on the ocean, nor have I ever painted waves on the open sea. ' Wait till you have seen the Tartar in a brisk nor'-wester, her masts bend ing, she sailing free, and answering to the least touch of her helm like a living thing-for that matter, a ship at sea is a live thing, as every sailor knows, and has her tempers.' Jack became enamoured, so to speak, of this vessel from the first day when he revisited the Yard and saw the carpenters and painters at work upon her, and desired nothing so much as. to be commissioned to her; for it was quite certain that she would be manned and despatched as soon as they could fit her out. (At this time they were working extra hours,. and from daybreak to sunset,- the men drawing increased pay, and all as happy, as if the war was going to last for ever.) ' She is,' he said, ' a swift and use ful vessel, and wants nothing but a fighting captain, who will not wait for the enemy, but will sail in search of him and make him fight. I would she had such a captain,, and I was on board with him.' He presently got his desire, as you will hear, and the ship got such a Captain as he wished for her. Meanwhile the days passed by, and still his appointment was delayed, so that, in spite of his amour, he began to fret and to grow impatient. The great man on whose word he relied had made him a clear and direct promise from which there could be, one would think, no departing. 'Trust me, Lieutenant,' he -said; '1I assure you that you shall be appointed to a ship.with as little delay as possible.' Yet appointments were made daily, and his own name passed by. What should we think, I humbly ask, of a plain merchant in the City who should thus disregard a straight-forward pledge ? Yet what would ruin the credit, of a merchant is not to be blamed in a great man. By the advice of the Admiral, Jack once attended the levee of his noble patron; but, being unaccustomed to courtiers' ways, ignorant of the creeping art, and unusod to push himself to the front, he got no chance of a word, or any recognition ; though he says his patron most certainly saw him standing in the crowd; and so came away in disgust, railing at those who rise by cringing, and swearing at the insolence of' lackeys. He then made a personal a ,plication at the Navy Office, where tho clerks treated him with so much rddeness and contempt that it was a wonder he did not lose his temper and chastise some of them. So that his affairs looked in evil plight, and it seemed as if he might be kept whiting for a long time indeed, and perhaps never get an appointment or promotion. For though the Peace Ettimates had reduced the Navy from thb' footing of 50,000 officers and men to' that of 10,000-so that, when the war broke out again, the Admniralty were wanting officers as well as men \--yet, as always happens, the appli cants for berths were more numerous than the berths to be given away; anrd the favouritism which is every where unhappily in vogue, at the At miralty hath always reigned supreme.' ' Of one things,' he declared, ' I am resolved. If I do not get my appoint ment before many months, I will seek the command of a privateer, or at least the berth of Lieutenant on board of: one. There is, I know, no discipline aboard a privateer; the men are never flogged, and are generally a company of mutinous dogs, only kept in order by a Captain who ca.n knock them down. But they are sturdy rascals, and will fight. I hear they are fitting out a whole squadron of privateers at Bristol; and there is a craft building at Taylor's yard, in R?driff-I saw her yesterday-which is' never intended to carry coals between Newcastle and London, or sugar. between Kingston and Bristol. Sl4e means Letters of Marque, my lad. Perhaps Icould get the command of her. I am young, but I am a King's officer; and if you come to navigation- well, one must not boast. I 'kill not stay at home doing nothing -what! when there is fighting? No. I baust go too, and take my luck. If they will not have me either in the King's service, or on board a privateer, or 'in the Company's navy, why, my ladl, there is nothing left but ,to volunteer and go before the mast. They would not refuse me there, I warrant, and many a poor fellow has done as much already.' It is true that, on the reduction of the naval force, there were many un fortunate young men, chiefly among midshipmen, who saw no hope of employment, being without interest, and therefore were obliged to give up th' King's servico, and either to get boths on merchantmen or to take coinmissions in the Company's service; or' oven, as certainly happened to solene, to volunteer for service before the mast. Some became smugglers; soino --but these were chiefly officers frcm the disbanded rogiments bebame town bullies and led captains; somne strolling actors, and some high-. waymon. The fate of these poor follows was much in the mouths of the young officers waiting, like Jack, for a ship, who met and talked daily at 'he Gun Tavern. for'tunately, our Lieutenant wams not called to embark on board a privateer, 'for he found a friend who prcved able and willing to assist him. T waas the R?osidont Commissioner of the Yard, Captain Petherick, who took up Jack's case for him, and that so effectually, though I know not in what way, that he presently procured for him the appointment promised him, and which most he desired-namely, that of third lieutenant to the frigate Tartar, to whom Captain Lockhart was now appointed. And he was a fighting captain, indeed if ever there was one. I am sure that on the day which brought him his commission there was no happier a man in Deptford than Lieutenant Eeasterbrook. He had now been in the service for nearly ten years, and for seven of them had been, through no fault of his own, debarred from every opportunity of distinction. Behold him, therefore, at last with his foot well on the ladder, albeit very near the lowest rung, holding His Majesty's commission as Lieutenant to H.M. frigate Tartar. On that .day it happened that the bells were ringing and the guns firing -to commemorate I know not what event. To Jack and to his friends it seemed as if the bells were ringing and the cannon were fired in his honour, and to celebrate. his appoint ment. . As for her orders,' said Jack, 'I care little whither we are sent, be cause it is certain that there will be hot work to do, wherever we go. The French, they say, are strong in North American waters, and they are reported to be fitting out a great fleet at Toulon; they are also reported to be collecting troops at Boulogne and at fHavre for embarkation, no doubt for the invasion of the English coast, if they pluck up spirit enough. Well, Boss, we shall be among them, never fear.' (To . o conatnued.) 