THE " CHURCH TIMES" ON THE PRIMATE, (From The Australian Record of to-day.) We had hoped that we might be spared the notes "lv f". some time at least, of making further reference 2. 2s Church Times, and the highly acidulated articles it is' lishes whenever it refers to the work of the Church in the colony. It never had a kind word for Brother Darker M he lived, and it constantly sneers at his work now that he! is dead, but the memorial of his goodness and faithful ness, of his untiring zeal and able administration 12s to-day. His name and ministry are lovely choriS by thousands, and his unselfish devotion and mm example continue to shed a holy fragrance " HO W dead yet speaketh," and the story of his life wri2 by such a loving and able hand as that of a Venerable Dean has rekindled within the breasts Z many the remonstrance of a Bishop full of faith and the Holy Ghost Then, when the Church TOZER church work in the Diocese of Sydney, it invariably exhibits bad temper, Wings inside charity and brotherhood and rushes into unchristian strife. It can fortí every heresy except that which will not accept its war of any. senting doctrine and ritual. This, to it, is an unpardonable sin, and the Diocese of Sydney has committed it' Amid, however, all its enervating' rant, it is well to remember that, in these days, as in the days of our fathers! sturdy, honest, aspiring souls, with enough of spiritual life in them to make them capable of enjoying freedom find it impossible to receive the interpretation which the Church Innes gives of what it calls the Anglo-Catholic faith. In the struggle which is going on there is much ignorance, blind zeal, and intemperate bigotry on the one side; culture, intelligence, venerable experience of eight of counsel, and most of the earnest piety of the church on the other and where those are the contending elements the outcome despite the scornful words of the Church Term may be confidently predicted. But its latest scheme and fulminations deserves an answer. The wickedness of the suggestion it contains is inconceivable if it has been deliberately intended, and we cherish a sort of forlorn hope that the editor will see that he has grievously erred in blotting his page with falsehood: It seems the wore a. traordinary from the fact that when Bishop Barry- was consecrated to the See of Sydney, the Church 'limit con. gratulated the diocese on having obtained one of the most capable men of the day, and now it soils its columns by speaking of him in the most cruel way, and saving his Episcopate has been a failure. We quote the paragraph in full as it appeals in the issue of August 10th last : " The condition of Bishop Mackarness, whose illness, we are sorry to learn, was so severe as to prevent him from executing his formal resignation, has sufficiently improved to enable him to sign the necessary papers and it is announced that the Bishop of Chester is to be translated to the son of' Oxford. This is an excellent arrangement, Dr. Stubbs being a prelate better fitted than perhaps any other member of the right rev. bench to preside over the University see. The rumour that Bishop Barry is to succeed him at Choir will not, we hope, prove well founded, for we object altogether to filling home sees with colonial prelates. A good deal might, no doubt, have been said in favour of the appointment of Bishop Selwyn's Lichfield, but it may be doubted whether even in his case the colony did not lose more than the mother country gained. Again, it is perhaps possible to defend the translation of Bishop Moorhouse. ' It seems to have been thought desirable that Bishop Fraser should be succeeded by a man of somewhat like mind, and so far as our own information goes, the appointment has proved a great success; baths are not sure whether it was not a distinct loss to the diocese of Melbourne to replace him with Dr. Geo. Besides, each avoidance of a see brings in a more or less inexperienced administrator, and it is, therefore, most undesirable to multiply vacancies unnecessarily. But, be that as it may, we fail to see any reason which would make the translation of Bishop Barry desirable. He has failed in Australia, and his action in the Lambeth Conference is not likely to win their confidence hero if he fill the vacant see. 'no trust we have within the realm five hundred good as he.' " The Church Times says the Primate has failed in Australia This statement is grossly inaccurate, is positively untrue. We have not hesitated to say, when duty demanded it, wherein we have differed from the Primate. We have had, as lovers of justice and righteousness, the courage of our opinions, and as friends we have expressed them-, and no man knows better than the Bishop that the wounds of a friend are better than the kisses of deceit. Has the Primary failed to gain the ear and impress the mind of the colony? There can be but one testimony given by colonists at large concerning the Primate, viz., that in his ministrations be possesses the power of presenting old facts in fresh form bringing them out with all the life and force of present-day realities. Those facts have not only been brought out by him but applied, so that the Church might be, as a fruit tree, . bearing its seed in itself, and that at the very time it began to look old and weary that was the very time when the young seed is about to burst into new life. Under his administration fresh air and daylight have been let in, and a sense of reality has been the result. His calmness and wisdom, and power of gaining the confidence of all classes of the immunity, are acknowledged. He has spoken with frankness, he has asked for candour, he has been wise enough to be fair to each section of the Church and friendly to all From a gentleman of such profound scholarship, possessing; such, broad, sympathies and quick discernment, whose associates have been some of England's most gifted sons, the diocese in particular, and the province generally have received a quickening impulse. The Primate commands the respect of all right- thinking men in the colony, for, as a true leader of public opinion, he has fearlessly spoken upon those social problems which have caused earnest, thoughtful men looking into the future, no small degree of grave and anxious fear. He has reminded us that this colony, like an individual, must ever cherish the courage Is do what is just and right, and he has counselled that when wrong steps have been taken we must not be afraid To retrace and start anew. As citizens, as churchmen, as Christians we have sought to be loyal to such a roll. leader, and believe that he was sent to this land some who, amid conflicting counsels, would do what was right in the sight of God, and urge all men whatever their religious or political creed to be just and true, and fear not, New South Wales with one voice denies the statement that Bishop Barry has failed in Australia " He has failed in Australia," says the Church The Let us now gather together a few diocesan facts and figures, which will prove how untruthful this is At Easter, 1881, there were 116 licensed clergy At Easter 1-88, there were 139 At Easter, 1884, there were seven catechists At Easter, 1888, there were 16, and 37 licensed local lay readers beside At Easter, 1881 there were 197 churches and buildings used for Divine service At Easter, 1888, there were 260 At Easter, 1884 there were 86 parishes and conventional districts At Easter 1888 there were 96 There were 53 parsonages at Easter 1881 and at Easter, 1888, there were 68 The estimated number of communicants has increased by 2000 Sunday schools, scholars, and teachers have also increased the number of persons confirmed was 5000, or at the rate of HOt) a year and the Church income for the diocese had increased from £67,000 in 1884 tenderly 75,000 ia 183 And yet the Church Times talks of failure ' We had also to speak of the income of the Church hocictvincreasing from £59 So in 1884 to £0219 in 1887 of the fund to pre vide religious instruction in the Public schools Quercus s? from £41 in 1884 to £769 in 1887 , the Board of Missions doing more effective work than it ever did w ash an meten ing revenue Failure indeed with the centennial fail only a few months old yet having succeeded in obtain as in the diocese nearly £40,000, and in the province TOWN besides And what about other organisations that have either been inaugurated strengthened, orrovived during tussore pate, such, for instance, as the local lay readers as they Helpers' Association, as the Church of England lepper ance Society, as the White Cross Union as the M Andrew's Choir School, and the Cathedral daily Cheal Service, the King's School improved, and a chapel a course of erection, the Clergy Daughters School at Waverley, enlarged and doing better work Bishops Court repaired and enlarged, and churches all over Its diocese, providing more accommodation for broth papers the Chapter House, erected as a memorial the beloved Bishop Barker, to which much value aid was given by the Primate Failure indeed ? has a new ~ diocese-that or El vonna formed mine the province, and another pleading for erecUnj its need being its greatest eloquence failure india While steps are being taken for the establishment of, Church of England Grammar School at North Shore new residence built for the warden of St. Pauls T« Besides all these works which have received such helps stimulus from the Primate think of all the work w outside-how he has been the strength of the Curot'i Evidence and other societies, and how within he mine the stopes which are loading onward to holdings Church Congress during extent it may be said that some of these things which we have cited as proofs and illusing: t»> of progress might have taken place under me] But may it not also be said that where there is a maiden there is encouragement to work and this acts as on our individual machinery of the diocese, making it run sugar and work without friction Mnchofour progress i I do unit worn, without include humorous i at.?- - to the happy influence of synodical governs' minds by Bishop Barker, which our Primate has maintained and strengthened On all social and moral questions are no stimulated progress and (given a bright example R J every one may follow We repudiate the storminess of Church Times which speaking failure We are things to Almighty God for the successes of the past and press We congratulate the Utirrh June: upon its drovers in the realm five hundred "odd as lo I fearlessly hope and firmly believe that it is Wore the Church in 1 England as we are »«»wjw IB UUJUIU LIFE VUUIUU 111 _ UglUUU so as ?.? I says I is before the Church in the colony, a still more his future " 