Wroiigly Supposed to feo Bead. A Startling laeMenfc. An elderly gentleman residing in the Hue Rochechouart, Paris, who was supposed to ba dead, has suddenly come to life. He ha3 a nephew in Paris, who being duly informed of hiB demise repaired at once to the house with his wife to keep watch over the mortal remains of his uncle until they should be borne to their last resting place. The evening after their arrival at the house of mourning, as the lady was tired, her husband sent her to the drawing-room to take some repose on a sofa ; and a servant having placed some wins and broth on a_ table, he threw himself into an arm-chair in the bedroom and soon went soundly to sleep. On awaking at 4 ta the morning he found that the broth bad disappeared and that the bottle of wine was half-empty. Becoming jalarmed he went to his wife in the drawing-room, roused her, and told her what ihad hap pened. She returned to the bedroom with him, but the pair had hardly reached the door when they heard a noise. They paused on the threshold, and to their consternation a voice bade them not to be afraid but to come in. The husband entered thercom, but soos rushed cut with his hair standing oa end. He had seen his uncle's ghost, The old man was sit ting, enveloped in a sheet, ou the gMo of his bed. The supposed corpse had the utmoat difficulty in getting his panic stricken relatives to understand that he was not dead after all. '£ I am alive!" he repeated, adding that the preparations for his funeral had not escaped his notice. He had been in a lethargy, and, waking up, had helped him self to the broth, which bad done him good, Hearing some one approaching ho had jumped into bed, as he was anxious not to cause any alarm j but Richard was himself again, Ha felt perfectly recovered, and certainly on closes examination the uncle's appearance by no means belied his words. The refreshments had come in most opportunely to restore him, and, as he was much pleased with the affec tionate attention which his relatives had shown him after bis supposed departure from this world, everything was soon made happy aud comfortable all round. The doctor of the quarter had not yet officially confirmed the demise of the worthy uncle, who seem3 to have taken a new lease of life. 