BAPTISM OF THE QUEER'S GRANDDAUHTER. THE BEV. DR. CAMERON LEES OFFICIATING. An .event or some historical interest . took place a few weeka ago at Balmoral . Castle, the occasion being the celebration of the baptism of the infant daughter of his Royal Highness Prince Henry of Battenburg and her Royal Highness the ' Princess Beatrice. The young princess, . the second child of their royal highnesses, was born at Balmoral Castle on the -after- noon of Monday, 24th October, and In: announcing the event the ' Court Cir cular' stated that the birth was the first that had occurred in the Royal Family in Scotland since 1600. On 19th November of that year the ill-fated Charles L, second son of James I., was born atDanfenriline. Probably the baptism of the Princess Beatrice's little daughter was the first under the Presbyterian form that has ever occurred in the royal family since the Union. The baptism was celebrated In the drawing-room of the castle, a spacious apartment, possessing characteristics of a Highland home, the furniture being up holstered in tartan cloth, of which material the window drapery was also composed. The room was specially em bellished for the occasion. The font was placed on a square pedestal, encased in crimson cloth. The font was the large chastely-ornamented gold one which lias being used in the baptism of all the mem bers of the royal family. At the base of the pedestal, and arranged around the - base of the font, there was a chaste dis play of leaves and flowers, comprising white chrysanthemums, Cape jasmine, arbor vitae sprigs, white lilies, and maidenhair ferns. The water in the font came from the River Jordan. While the Royal party entered the drawing-room the Madrigal Choir sang a choral by H.R.H. Prince Consort — In life's gay morn, ere sprightly youth By vice and folly is enslaved ; Oh, may thy Maker's glorious name Be on thy infant mind engraved. This verse was also being sung while the infant princess was brought into the room by Lady Biddulph and two nurses. Dr. Cameron Lees then performed the cere mony of baptism according to the simple order of the Church of Scotland, her Majesty holding the infant princess while the water was sprinkled on the child's face. The names given were — Victoria Eugenie Julia Eva. Immediately after the baptism, the choir sang ' St. Francis,' by Sir Arthur Sullivan, the words specially arranged being — O, Father, Tbou Who hast created all In wisest love, we fray Look on this babe, who at Thy gracious call, Is entering on life's way ; Bend o'er her in Thy tenderness, Thine image on her soul impress— O Father, hear. O, Son of God, who diedet for us, behold We bring onr child to Thee ; Thou, tender Shepherd, take her to Thy fold, Thine own for aye to be ; Defend her through this earthly strife, And lead her on the path of life, '*? O, Son of God ! O, Holy Ghost, who broodesl o'er the wave, Descend upon this child : Give her undying life, her spirit lave With waters undefined ; Grant her, while yet a babe to be A child of God, a home for Thee— * O, Holy GhoBt ! Dr. Cameron Lees then offered up prayer, and thereafter the choir sang 'Mow thank we all our God.' Dr. Cameron Lees then pronounced the Bene diction, and the ceremony was over, having lasted about twenty minutes.. The scene presented was very picturesque. Her Majesty wore a black dress and white cap. The keepers and gillies wore High land dress, and the bright hue of the tartan, as well as of the scarlet coats most of the men-servants wore, added color to the scene and enhanced Its effect. Most of the servants wore jubilee medals. After the ceremony was over all those who had been invited to ?witness it had luncheon in the ballroom. On the above ceremony the London Presbyterian of December 2 has the fol lowing remarks : — ' The baptism of the infant Princess at Balmoral by a Presby terian minuter has produced a great com motion among the High Church party in England. True it is that the Rev. Dr. Cameron Lees Is a minister of the Church of Scotland, to the maintenance of which the Queen is pledged by her coronation oath quite as much as to that of the Church of England. He is, moreover, one of her Majesty's chaplains,. and Dean. of the Chapel Royal and of the Order of the Thistle. All that, however, is nothing in the eyes of those arro gators of a monopoly to all clerical functions. ' We may believe,1 says the Chwrch Review, c that the child is validly baptised, eicee the church recognises lay baptism.' How exceedingly condescend ing it is of the Chvrch Review to make that admission when the layman in ques tion is a Presbyterian minister and royal chaplain. The Ghwrch Times cannot find any language at all adequate to express its emotions, and consequently prints the announcement of the baptism in the most conspicuous part of the paper, merely pre facing it by saying;— 'We give the greatest possible prominence to the fol lowing astonishing paragraph.' Fortu nately the nation at large has not the slightest sympathy with churchman of that sort, and their outcry is more likely to excite ridicule than to gain apprecia tion from any but their own .exclusive clique.' 