Shreds and Patches. THE time a man most needs a vacation is just after he returns from one. HEAVEN is not reached at a single bound ; and still men will step on tacks and try it. A RAY of light tr»vels 11,100 000 miles in a minute, and is no relation to the messenger boy. IT would not be surprising if some society women were to set apart a day upon which to receive their children. BLOUSON.—Don't you think that Dempsey rather plays the fool ? Popinjay.—No, sir; I think that he works at the job. JONES (to Robinson weary and footsore).—Been fishing, Robinson ? Robinson.—Ya'as. JoneB.—Catch anything ? Robinson—Naw; didn't even catch the last train home. OLD LADY {to street Arab).—Boy, you are a dirty little fellow. Why don't you run home and ask your mother to wash your face and handB ? Gamin.—Me mother ain't got time, mum, to-day. It's wash-day. PAPA (hearing a crash in the jelly pantry).— Here, Tommy, what's up ? Tommy (with charming innocence).—Papa, I cannot tell a lie According to grammar " up's " either a noun, adjective, or preposition. " A FOOLISH philosopher inquires, " Will the coming man use both his hands? He will, dear brother, he will, but not to drive with. He will drive with one, as usual, unless he is alone. Then he may have to use both. " I HAVE here," said the solemn looking, longhaired man with a roll of manuscript under hU arm, aB he entered the newspaper office, sat down, and removed hie hat, "a campaign poem, or rather song, which I would like —" " My dear sir," said the editor, impatiently, " we are bored to death with campaign poems. We can't possibly use anything of that kind, sir." " In that case," rejoined the solemn-looking man, rising and putting on his hat, "I will not trouble you with it. My object in coming here was to have 10,000 copies of it printed in bill form, but they can doubtleBB do it at the printing office across the way. Good morning." "WHAT is meant by this paper," asked Mrs. Easyone, "when it speaks of spirit pictures'? ' "Drawings of cork, I reckon," said her husband, who wasn't much of an artist, but pulled stroke in the cork's crew. OLD LADY.—I hope, sonny, that a nice-looking little boy like you had nothing to do with tying the kettle to that poor little dog's tail. Sonny.—No, indeed, I did not, ma'am, but (rapturously) "my word! didn't he git over the groun'faBt!" MISTRESS (to cook).—Vour name, Mary, and my daughter's being the same makes matters somewhat confusing. Now how do you like, say, the name of Bridget ? Cook.—Shure, mum, an' it's not mesilf that's particular. Oim willuu to call the young leddy ony-thin' yez loike. A GEM. I HAVE a wife, a gentle wife, Of beautiful form and face. She sings and plays with wondrous ease, And dances with sweet grace. In science high degrees Bhe takes, In art full sway she owns, And yet, alas ! the pies she makes Are just like paving stones ! " POLHEMUS, you look like a ghost. Have you had a Bpell of sickness ?'' " No, Magruder; there's nothing the matter with me but my microscope." Your microscope ? What do you mean ?" " I was a happy man, Magruder, until my lastbirthday. My wife made me a present of a miscroscope, and in au evil hour I took it and began examining the different articlPB of food we eat and drink. It ruined my appetite. Magruder I've lived for two weeks on distilled water. It's the only thing that isn't full of nameleBS horrors If you never see me again remember my last words. They will be engraved on my tombstone : ' Ignorance is happiness. Knowledge is misery. Bettor he a clam than a scientist.'" And with a wild, maniacal laugh he waB gone. SMOKELESS gunpowder is the latest addition to the science of war. Now let somebody invent a smoke less cigarette and peace will have her victories no less renowned than war UNDER a spreading apple-tree Ye maid'and ye young man sate. His arm was round her slender waist With clasp affectionate. " Jane," called her mother, who wot not Ye swain was sitting there, "Tramps are abroad. Come in. 'Tis late. Don't stay in the chill night air !" " 'Tis not so very late, mamma; Night air I do not dread, Nor fear I tramps. I'm—quite-well—' armed, Ye maid demurely said. MRS. CHIST.EY.—I see statistics show that 75 per cent, of male criminals are unmarried. Mr. Chisley.—Which shows how many men prefer the penitentiary to matrimony. And the ensuing silence was eoi deep that Mrs. Chilsley could hear herself reflect. DUMLEY. —Who was that gentleman that touched his hat so politely to you just now ? "Hardeash 1 HardcaBh—my tailor." Dumley (with an envious sigh).—'" Ah, it must be a glorious experience to be treated in that way by one's tailor." A FRENCHMAN saw a negro sitting close by a fire, which wasBO hot that it seemed almost a certainty to him that the man must be melted. "I zink I know vy he seet so near ze fire," said the Frenchman, after looking wonderingly at the coloured man. " He make himself into one white man. ' " How can he do that please ? ' 1 Ah, you see, he heat nimzelf to ze white heat." TEA and coffee are well termed " luxuries of the grocer kind." THE typewriter is the only woman who takes kindly to dictation. SUPERINTENDENT.—Well, my dear boy, how do you like your new teacher? Boy.—Putty well, 'cept when alio takes me by the collar 'n cuffs I AN old man pretending to be reading in a tramcar does not mean to look over his glasses at the pretty girls opposite. If he does it is an oversight on his part. WIFE (proudly). —I made this pound cake myself, John ; what do you think of it? HuBband (critically)-—Well, my dear, I think it will run fully sixteen ounces to the pound. MINISTER (dining with the family).—So your mamma doesn't want you to eat more than one piece of pie, Bobby? Bobby.—No, Bir; except when we are visiting. Then I can have all I want. THE mistress was reproving the servant for " nicking " the dishes. ' Thare's a nick out of that blue preserve dish," she said. It was there whin I come," apologised the girl. No, this iB a new nick," Baid the mistreBs. " 'Deed thin, ma'am, if you'll lookye'll see that it's the same ould Nick that's in it. HUSBAND (out of humour). — Well I never saw a tooth-brush wear out like this one—only had it a week, and here the bristles are all gone, and it taites like the dickens; I wish you'd take better care of my things." Young and inexperienced wife (jpoutnig).—" I do, and I'msure I cleaned it thoroughly after polishing the silver with it. I did my best, and you shouldn't complain." HE had told her that business called him to Europe aud that he might be gone a year. With a pale face and beating heart he nervously awaited the effect. Finally the girl Bpoke: " You seem a trifle nervous and excited, Mr. Sampson, she said. " Are you afraid of being seasick ?" HOSTESS (to young Mr. Sissy).—You will kindly favour us with some music, will you not, Mr. Sissy ? Young Mr. Sissy.—Well—aw, I'm not quite my usual self to-night, Mrs. Hobson ; but I will—aw, sing a little if you like. . Hostess '.graciously)—Oh, thanks, you are so kind. Even a little of your singing, Mr. Sissy, goes a great way you know. BLITHER (who lives in the next house to Jinks).— Say, Jinks, I see that you got a new parlour organ last week. . Jinks.—Yes, and it's a mighty fine instrument, too; why, Blither.—Say, I could listen Jinks, to it has all the. night. organ got any stops ? Jinks.-—Why, yes ; both ends are covered with 'em ; why? Blither.—Oh, nothing, only I like to retire aboutlO, and if you could work a few of those stops about that timo maybe I could get to sleep before daylight, (They no longer communicate as they glide past.) LITTLE GIRL.—Mrs. Drown, ma, wants to know if she could borrow a dozen eggs. She wants to put 'em under a ben. Neighbour.—So you've got a hen setting, have you i I didnt know you kept hens. Little Girl.—No'm, we don't, but Mrs, Smith's goin' to lend us a hen that wants to set, an' ma thought if you'd lend us some eggs we've got the nest ourselves. " WHAT is a diamond ?' asked a teacher. " Carbon," replied the class. "Yes, a diamond is pure carbon; but you muBt remember that coal is also carbon. That was taught in the last lesson." "Yes'm." 11 Now, how could you be sure to tell the difference between " Ask the the price," two kinds piped of up carbon a small ?" boy. CLAKA.—I had such a pleasant call last night from Mr. Paperwate, Ethel. It was fully twelve o'clock before he could tear himself away. Ethel.—I hope his coat didn't suffer, dear. 