CHEAP LODGINGS. ONCE in the course of our journalistic duties it fell to our lot to have to pass the night in a Bourkestreet restaurant. We will shoot the first editor who asks us to do anything of the kind again, but as we never published our experiences on that occasion we do so now for the benefit of tne stranger in our gates. There was a drunken man lyingin the bed above us two feet above us if an inch—and he was rolling around, throwing himself about in the most reckless fashion. When we were last weighed we brought down the scale at nine stone ten pounds. This man must have weighed sixteen stone and more, If he had fallen upon us we must have either gone down through the floor together, or the brigands who came up to clear the place in the morning would have had to sweep away our ruins. The gentleman on the other side of us leaned over and asked us what our " kiy " was. He was evidently disappointed when he learnt that it was neither card-sharping, thimble-rigging, match-box trick, or any of the lines of business he himself took an interest in. If we had not felt so tired we would have entered into his vein with enjoyment. We a-e convinced that if we had only given him the sli htest encouragement he wouhf have planned a burglary with us and we would, probably, have gone gaily to gaol together. The daylight stole grimly into the room. It was a ghost of daylight. " The time was half- past four o clock. W 7 e counted fourteen forms lying in all sorts of attitudes, some on the high beds, some on the low. We were very tired and stretched ourselves out for another two or three hours' sleep at any rate. Suddenly a gang of miscreants tatne clattering up thfefctalra,rattling lirootni against tin pails and began to clear out the room. Thee was p&ndemomiuni; on a small, but particularly maddening, Fcale till >-ix o'clock. '1 hen there was a yell from the leader of the marauders —" Moo, hoo .' (jet up now ! You must get up.' Now, we thought, there will lie a scene of carnage. But there wasn't. To our complete astonishment, every one in - the room, una< lultera'ed vill a l n s though they seemed to be, g- t up as quietly as lambs and put their exasperating clothes and drew their hisjh-heeled hoots on. Such an evidence of the power of authority we never saw before. But we were much too s'eepy to care lor authority of any kind just then "\Yhy," we said to the Chief Pirate of the crew, "why do you turn people out at this unearthly houi ?" " Because, lie replied, " we has to clear the tables for breakfast.' Then the awful solution of the mystery of the high beds burst upon us. It had no need to hurst on lie, however—they were elucidating it before our eyes. Those beds were made on the restaurant tables, and they were ge.ting them ready for the morning meal I Now, gentle stranger, you have some idea of what you may expect in at least one Bourke-street restaurant if you ever have the had luck to go there. 