A BLACK. SHEEP: SOME, rEPIr SODES JN HIS LIFE. ' ... ' By A. a , ; j \ . Chapter XLIX.— The "Wages of Love. Before tlicy, separated, Suo asked her father, a laughing question. "And 'what liavo. you been doing all the time? I have been giving you a full account of . our adventures, but you have told us nothing." , " There is nothing to tell," ho answered. V They wero dawdling in tho hall, lighting their bedroom caudles ; as tho yellow flnme raged upward ovor his fnco she noticed that he'wasa little greyer, hut otherwiso as alert and bright rind handsome as ever. " Constance and I have been standing stock still, simply." " Haven't'you done anything ?"' " Not a mortal tiling. Wo didn't want to." " Fancy, two people doing nothing . for two . wliolo years ! " exclaimed Constance, who was drooping on his arm, looking rattier white and weary, though smiling still. "Oil, Dick, it's dreadful ! We ought to lie ashamed of ourselves,". " It seems to me," said Sue, " that though we've talked so. much about paying hack, we've .done nothing but run into debt the whole time. There is not ono of us that lias earned his salt, so far. Noel, dear, now that wo are home again", we must bestir, ourselves, and set tliese idle people an example." "She has done her work," said Richard, covering with his own his wife's beautiful hand, .whioh loohed very white nnd slender ou his coat sleeve. " I'd like to have ns good n record to show. And she shall do 110 more. She wants to rest now, and she has honestly earned het rest." " But you havn't.", " J'erJiaps not. But I am going to take it, because if I ilon't rest she won't. I can't be bothered with your schemes, Sukey. You must work thorn by yourself." " But I havn't the money for iny schemes. You have. All that money lies on my mind, father — when you think what it might do !" . " Take it, then, and do ' what yon like with it." " Oil, 110 ; it is yours, nnd the responsibility h yours- — " W ell, go to bed, old girl — go and talk about it to Noel. Here's Constance looking as white as a ghost— she's had a heavy day of it, and .she must go nnd sott lo to sleep as quickly as possible. Good night child, good night. It's good to. have .you back again. But you mustn't be too severe 011 us poor old folks, who liavo never had a real holiday till now." ' , When lier father liad kissed lier, with all the old lov'erlike warmth, Constance followed with - .a. maternal eflibracc that wns not less dordinlly responded, to. , "You see how it, is," said .the older woman. " You, will have to pay back for him as well as for yourself. Remember it when the time comes and the money and everything is yours — that ho left liabilities behind ' him ; and he his stewardess anil deputy, and discharge them in his name." She said it lightly, with a smile : but her stepdaughter understood tiiat she , meant it very seriously, end answered her with another close and silent hiss. Then they said garni night all round, and separated. Sue climbed the stairs with a lagging stop, hanging to her husband's ann, and Constance was conducted to her spacious ground floor chamber by her. in separable companion, who was .still clie only maid she liad or wanted. As for poor Annie — if we look facts plainly iu the face, a proceeding quite contrary to civilised custom, the place that liad known lier literally knew lier 110 more. Her 25 years of domestic sovereignty simply went for nothing.' What else could be expected iu the case of u husband who had regarded himself as lier captured' bond slave from the first, uiiU in tlio case of a child who liad taken the part of tiiat conventionally unfaithful spouse against her? In her lifetiriie she liad had but the letter of tiicir allegiance,, and not tlic living spirit ; arid now tlint she liad been a few years dead, though tlicy kindly and tenderly remembered' her from time to time, tlicy did not mourn for her any more. -This to the general reader, will prove, not that' Annie was in fault; but that she imd a'bnd husband and a liad child ; anil indeed 110 excuse is offered for tliem, except that tlicy are here set down ns they really were, arid not as they appeared or. as they ought to have been — which is a cruel process to which wo nre never subjected in the world of real life, and which therefore -does tliem a certain injustice. In tlio world of real life a legal mother who conforms to rule is never nllowedto he judged oil her intrinsic merits, never required to reap what she lias sown, like 'the poor folks who are not hedged with tiie divinity of a like status. She is to lie revered' by her intelligent grown up family, whether she lie haril or tender, selfish or 'unselfish, 'noble- or ignoble; and if tliey don't revere lier tlicy are never to own it, even to themselves. This is all right, of course— everybody feels it so— hut at tho same timo it is not quite' sincere or natural ; and .Sue, like iier father, was terribly prone to lean to. nature rather than to the supreme authority whioh regulates om- affairs. Faitli was once defined by a Hindoo Christian convert to his missionary teacher as "believing what you know to ho untrue;" and the people who can perform that feat can, no doubt; love those whom they know they cannot love ; hut our two poor friends were morally too simple and clumsy to do either. And it is still a question whether, in the general process of examination and judgment to which all our institutions are being brought, tiie conventional mother may not have to justify her claim to filial duty and lioiior, which slio has done littlo or nothing to deserve. At any rate, tlio melancholy fact remains that Sue did not miss lier mother very much, and had no sense at all of wanting her. She went to bed feeling as happy as slio had recklessly described hercolf whon her father L warned iior tlmt she iv as tempting fate, but she wns niucli more fatigued than slio supposed ur Allowed, and inclined to be wakeful anil restless. 'Her' bedroom arrangements, devised liy tiie tlioughful stepmother, were such as to make sleep easy oven 011 a Sydney midsummer ' night. Four brass pole3, fastened to tho floor, held ri gauzy canopy about 12 feet square over lier head, and from tlio light roils connecting them hung the airiest ' film of mos quito curtain, enclosing lier as in a large trans parent tent. "Within this siie reposed ' in spacious comfort, witli that room to breathe which she always needed for body arid soul alike, arid witliout the windoivs stood wiile'open to the night breeze. She could see the mnori- liglit on the 'water as she lay, without lifting her head from the pillow— slio could feel the wandering airs that came up from tiie sea— tlirouglu the light veil tlmt "protected her from the tormentors. After the cramped quarters she had occupied in. ships and trains, the space and softness and delicate purity all about her were deli cious. -She talked to lier husband for a long, time, ; in spito of his gentle ' xemou- strances, until the sound of his breathing indi cated tlmt he could no longer take part in con versation.' Then she looked at the harbor lights, watched tho r'evolutioiiHofthcSouth Head beacon, thought about her schemes, littleand big, liowslie and -Noel could begin to pay hack for value received ".during the last two years, and where she should look for a monthly nurse, rind so on, and instead of growing drowsy; as the night wore on became mor acutely ' wido awake and active minded every ssoment. Her -admirable nervous system was a littlo strained by tiie 'ex citements of the day,- following' lipoma long railway journey: ' - Towards 3 o'elock in tho morning/ when feel- ing.the first symptoms of approaching slumber, she was startled by the sound of a banging door downstairs, a hurry of feet, a bell ringing loudly, and lier father's voice calling to some body in a voice that mado her heart stand still. ' She knew iri n moment what tlmt wild shout meant, ringing through the- silent Iiouso in the dead of night; only one cause could account for it. Springing to a sitting posture, she shook lier husband violently, and, as the cry was rapidly repeated, .lie' too heard itf and. came to full consciousness of its meaning with a hound. "Run, Noel, run. Constance is ill; and father is calling 11s," she cried, and she 'got out of lied and groped tremblingly for the candle.; ' He promptly put her back again, and implored her, if slio loved him, to stay there — not to come down stairs unless lie sent for lier. Then he snatched nt his dressing gown and ran, as she hade liim, closing her chamber door behind liim. \ He was almost oveipoweringly tempted to turn' the key, but did not, knowiug the tisclessness of brute forte to preveut her from injuring . herself if persuasion would not do it. He could exriiss'e, RWfffor not tlriukine of his 'daughter/when! ! :.' Ka tfifide th&t; terrifying noise, but It was natural that bis own first anxiety should be on her account, lest tho rude shock should upset her. Of course Sue found it impossible to obey him. When she was left alono sho lit tho candlo at the little table that stood within the gauze tent, and pnt on her slippers and dressing gown, her heart thumping, her hands shaking, her ears (trained to catoh every sound downstairs. The wholo liouso seemed alivo in half a minute. Tho servants wero calling to ono another and running hither and thither ; tho front door banged, and the front gate ; nil tho sigus of a dreadful catastrophe were audible. Sho felt it frould bo maddoning to remain alono and idle Wheu she might be of more uso than anybody, nd that at any rata sho must learn tlio worst. &> she blew out tho candlo, lifted tho tent cur- and by the light of tho moon mode her way downstairs, wliero gas was flaring in all direc tions. The door of hor stepmother's room was open, and all the windows thrown up. At tho further end, in tho recess of a large window that over looked tho bay, was n littlo group of four people —her father, Noel, Hannah and poor Constance, who was fighting through tho last hard two minutes of lior life, trying to breathe, while something clutohcd (it hor hrcast and strangled her. She was sitting in a large arm-chair, just as ' she hnd been lifted from her bed, gasping for a»r, but otherwiso making no sound, while lior husband held her up in his arms and howled— no other word could describe tlie noise ho made — howled liko a wild beast tortured, not loudly, but with a concentrated force of savage anguish that was indescribably dreadful. Ho was trying to get her to drink somo brandy — a supply of which lie always kept in cupboard noar her bod — while Noel held the glass, and Hannah wildly flourished a bottlo of smelling salts ; all thoir efforts being ob viously futile. Tho po or woman was past help ; she could neither speak nor swallow. Sho looked up at her husband with a pathetic helplessness and consciousness of their mutual agony ; and ho clasped her and cried ovor her with that terrible howling cryj as-if ho, and not bIio, wero in tho tbrOcs of a cruel death. It was n scene that haunted Sue for many a long day, like a fright ful nightmare. J-'ut. it was only for a minuto. As sho ran through the long room towards thorn, Noel and Hannah calling to her to go back, she saw the end of the struggle. Constance lifted her arms to her faithful mate— a sudden, desperate sort of gesture— and he caught her up bodily, carried lior a step or two, rocking hor as he went, ns one sees a mother rock a child in a paroxysm . of pain, and then laid her on a sofa— that sofa which lie had had mado on purpose for her, to lie bettor than all other sofas— where she had Iain in the afternoon, (ind prophesied that sho was going to be a tougli old woman after all. As he laid her down she gently sank out of his arms, sank hack upon the pillows, limp and still ; her delicate head rolled a littlo to ono side, and there rested as if sbo slept ; her pretty hands fell open, palm upper most. They smoothed her whit© gown over hor placid form, and Richard, looking at her, ceased to howl, for he saw that sho had ceased to suffer. . It was not yet daylight when the doctors, who had come too lato, wero shown out of tho houso. Mr. Delavol spoke to them quietly and< ration ally,' and thanked them for the useless efforts they had made to rovers a the decree of fate ; then he desired tho servants to return to lied, kissed his daughter and went back to his dead companion, locking tlio door behind him. "Now, come upstairs," said Noel to his wife, wearily. " AVe can do no moro for him." " And donJt como down again," added Han nah "for it'll do you harm and do him no good. As for comforting him, you'd comfort him about ad much lis that flybuzzing round that candle. He'll stay thero with lier to the last minute, and he won't want anybody else. It's my belief lie won't let us lny a finger on lier now she's dead any more than ho would when she was living. Ah, dear mo, it was only yes terday that I w anted to brush lier hair, and lie wouldn't let m c. He said ho liked to brush it for her himself. "Well, I don't know what he'U do, I'm sure." \- "It will kill him," said Sue. CHAPTER L.— The Wiud Beast's Lair. Sue lay on a sofa in her own ohnmbcr, shattered out of all self-control by the shock she had gono through, and it becamo clearly ap parent to her husband as lie looked at her that the tragedy of the day was not yet over. 41 Look hero," ho said, holding her hands, and gazing at hor with on appeal in his eyes that no words could express, "this is tho greatest call on your courrge that you have over had, or pro- bubly ovor will have. If things go well with you now there will be consolation for all of us —the only possible consolation for him — not to speak of me. I can't help you, my dearest, but you can help us — him and mo, anil yourself, too —beyond all measure if you can brace yourself tip to be calm and steady till the crisis is past. You were never, liko common women, Sue, to give way when others depended on you. And you will not lot your safety bo threatened by dangers that you can keep off by being bravo and resolute — will you ?" At ouco sho sat up and rallied whatever heroic spirit sho had in lier, controlling the sobs that hud boen shaking her frame. Sho promised him she would try not to givo way, aud bado him liavo no anxiety on her account. Then alio whispered to him that she wns afraid she was not well, and would liko to speak to Hannah. Hannah, being summoned, was constrained to recognise the fact that troubloa seldom come singly in this world. She discovered, not at all to lier surprise, that she was kept from going to her father by something more tiian an anxious husband's wish; that out of tho great deep which had just nbsorbod ono prcrious life, another might como to tho mourn ing household bot'oro the day was ovor; and tho kuowlcdgo roused her in a wonderrul way. No boreavemcnt, however terrible and overwhelming, can dull" that strongest woman — instinct, that mother nature, that deep sex sympathy to which tho girl's circumstances appealed ; and in a moment Han naii had dashed away her tears, and cou- . centrated all lier solicitude upon the heroine of the great exporicnco that was so hear at hand. Tho grief-muddled brain cleared as by magic; the trembling fingers became quick and capable ; all that coulil bo done to meet the sudden emergency sho thought of, and did without fuss or delay— producing from various mysterious sources tlie necessaries for the occasion, which could not be disinterred in timo from the European luggage. "When tho official person who had been summoned, aud of whom she was bitterly jealous, arrived to tako command, there was notliing for lier to do, but to look round and signify her august approval, -and then retire for lunch and gossip to tho ser vants' hall. Noel came upstairs towards noon, and found the two old women making a slight commotion, and Sue in the thick of her struggle to be cour ageous and calm: " Don't mind me," sho said with a wan smile, when she beheld his anxious face. "Tell me how he is." "Well," said. Noel, when after muoh ques tioning an answer was got out of him, " he has great pluok. He's very quiet — quito himself, and talking rationally. Ho is eoncerncd about you. Ho will bo coming to see you presently. But not, I think, until she is gone." " "When will that bo ?" " To-morrow evening. I wanted to attend to all that for him, but ho won't let me. He'd rather do it himself. Ho said I was not to leavo you. And ho wauts us to keep Hannah— ho says she would he a comfort to you just now ; but I think wo'll send Hannah downstairs. . It's not right that he should bo without somebody he can speak to." 44 Oh, yes, wo'll send Hannah down at once." She rose to call Hanuah, who had left them t&te-b-tute;, whon ho checked .cr, and drew a letter from his pocket. 44 Here, he sent you this," said ho. 4 4 What, a letter ! Ho was ablo to writo mo a letter 1" She took it with trembling hands, as if afraid of it, and tore it open. Yes, it was in his own bold handwriting, and just like tho otters she had hnd from him before. Dear Sukey,— Don't grievo about what has happened. She's out of pain — it only lasted two or three minutes — and I was never moro thankful in my life than when I saw tho end of it. Noel tells mo you are not well to-dny, and he thinks moro troubles aro at hand. lCccp up your heart, old girl, and don't fret about mc. iVe been expecting this any time for tlireo years past, and" was quite prepared for it. Don't let it upset you, my old girl. If anything can comfort me it will bo. to hear you aro all right. Sua laid it down with A mopn, 44 That is just i a shaft," slid said; "a pretence, to try and impose on me. As If he could impose on me, knowing all I know ! He lias dono it to ease my mind — to help mo through. Oh, my poor, poor, poor old daddy !" She broke into wild sobs, that went perilously near to being shrieks, . for about a minute, and then resolutoly calmed herself nnd sinilcd in Spartan fashion at hor distressed husband. 44 However, if ho can bo as bravo as that for my sako it's tho least X enn do to bo brave too," said she. "Don't you worry yourself about me, Noel, dear ; I shall bo as right as possible." And so she was. For a long aftornoon sho boro her sorrows and sufferings without com plaint, drawing more comfort from her own lioroio mood even than sho gavo to those about hor. To liavo something to do was tho first need of body and soul under tho circumstances, and sho couhl not complain that lior task was - a light or unimportant one. Until tho shades of evening fell bIio uphold herself for the sako of upholding tho men sho loved; and then nature forced her to rest, and forced lior also to feel cou'xnous of a simmering happiness in tho depths of hor heart, under all tho weight of black disaster that ovorshadowed her. As tlio dinnor tablo was being laid — that function which seems so much more important than life or death— Noel, with a full heart, crept stealthily downstairs ; and Riohard camo out of the room where his dead wife was lying to rcoeivo tlio information that Suo had a dftughfcor, and that mothor and child wero "doing well." Ho was quite composed and quiot, but Ins son-in-law did not daro to look at 44 Give her my love," ho said. 44 It's bettor for her not to seo mo now, but tell her I'll como soon. Tell her not to. worry about me. ' And take caro of her, Noel— tako caro of her while you cau." "No fear of my not doing that," said Mr. Rutlcdgc. And then Richard congratulated him per sonally, asked a question or two about the child, said good night, and locked himself Up again. To bo brave under the circumstances of tliat tragical day was not&uo;'s hardest task, though it seemed so. Tlio day that followed, when sho lay still in hor bed, with tho sweetest baby that ever was seen cuddlod up to her breast, was an infinitely greater trial to her. It was tho day of tho funeral, and it was sultry and stormy, with tempests of rain driving upon tlie windows ; and to liavo to lie in hor utter powcrlessncss and think of what her, father was undergoing made consciousness a torturo that pain and effort would have relieved. She was kept in ignorance of tlio fuueral arrangements, but, though she was sure ho would evade tho ghastly customs of his kind is far as the law would allow him, she know there wero cruel neccssitios that ho would have to tend to — necessities that ho had calmly accepted in tho oaso of poor Annie, to whom established customs only wero appropriate, but which would seem to him to put a sort of public indignity upon tho sacred person of her successor, tho beloved woman on whom tho wind of tho vulgar world had hardly been allowed to blow. He could not carry her in his arms to the boat and row lior down to the camp by tho light of tho summer moon, and dig hor grave in the seashore scrub, and lay lier where no ono should know of her resting placo but himself ; lie would have to see that precious body treated like common bodies, and to expose his anguish to tho gaze of tlio streets. And the day was wild and wot ; at the hour when she would bo taken from, him the ruin would bo driving into his storn, set face ; and whon he camo back to liis empty rooms at night — oil, what a vision of desolation aiid loneliness rose in his daughter's mind as the night drew on ! And sho could not bo thero to remind him, with her arms enfolding his down beaten head, that ho had still ouc little shred of something left, poor and trifling ns it might be. The next and few following days were still worse to hear. She was all thti timo watching aud listening for her father to como to her, and he did not come, and no one could or would give her any clear account of him. The nurse and Hannah and Noel himself all answered her appeals for truthful information in that pal pably insincere, would-be soothing manner which is so maddening to helpless invalids ; and then it was dragged out of Hannah that her master had gono to tho camp immediately after the funeral and had not been heard of since. 44 Why couldn't you have told mo so at once ?" moaned Suo, who had a toucli of fever as the result of their well meant tactics. 44 Of course I know ho would go to the camp. It is tho natural place for liim to goto." But she wad disappointed that lie liad gone without seeing her first, and she soon began to worry herself as to what he. was doing there. Sho begged Noel to go and sec, aud several time ho iinxdored her to excuse hini on the ground that ho could not bear to intrude on tho suffering man who had gono away from them all to be alone with his grief ; but at last bo yielded to her importunities, and ono morn ing set forth in Richard's outrigger to Middle Harbor, He was gone all day, and when he came home at night he was very reticcut and grave. After questioning him till she nearly lost her temper, Sue got out of liim by degrees that hor father was not very well. 44 It's just a bad cold," said Nool, witli that nffectation of ease and cheerful ness which lie supposed to he good for the nerves that it set quivering with irritation( 44 He must have got a chill at the funeral — ho was wotted to the skin as ho stood by her grave ; and of course ho hasn't been taking carfc of him self, and it lias settled on him." 44 A chill!" echoed Sue. 44 Yes, I 'should think so ! It's a chill in his soul — in all tlio currents of his life — that lio'H never shako off in this world." 44 And I thought it would bo better for him not to bo alone any longer, being so seedy," Noel continued. 44 So I'vo sent Hannah down to look after him." " You've Hunt Hanuah down ! To llio oump? Oil, lio'll never boar to have her there, Noel, . even though she is Hannah. A woman servant at the camp ! "What a preposterous notion !" 44 Well, of course lie can send hor back if he likes." " And so ho will, fast enough." She was Bilcnt for a littlo, and then a vague suspicion of the truth came into her mind, and sho looked at her husband earnestly. "Nool, you don't mean that you have sent down Hannah Be cause lie is too ill to come back to the house ?" 44 Oh, no," he replied carelessly, And thereby perpetrated the first downright lie of his life. He hoped it was not. a lie, but said to himself that if it was he couldn't help it. 14 He prefers to stop at tho camp now." "Ah," said Sue, only half satisfied, 44 tho camp is to him what liis lair is to a wild beast ; he always goes there when he is hurt. But I'm sure he'd rather bo at homo at Darling Point than at the camp with servants waiting on him." The days passed and Hannah did not return, and Nool was absent from morning till night. He said ho had to attend to business— another lie in intention if not' in fact, committed for the sake of the sick wife who was not thought to be yet in a condition to hear the truth. But presently his business kept him out at night too, and then sho divined the sort of business it was —that it had no connection with Pitt- street. The truth was 44 broken" to her at last, as, in spite of all drawbacks, lier naturally fine health camo rapidly back to lier, and she learned thnt-lier father had not lost his cold, that it was rather worse, indeed, much wurso ; that doctors had visited him at tho camp, where several servants were now installed in addition to Hannah ; that, in short, his condition wns considered critical, though of course there wns always liopo wliilo there was life. Then Sue took matters into her own hands, and defied husband and nurse to prevent her. Sho put on a hat and cloak, wrappod lier fort night old baby in a shawl, and bado Nool straightway get out tlio boat, and tako them with all speed to Middle Harbor. The nurse mutinied, and would havo resigned her office on tho spot, or been disoliarged for impertinence, had not Noel interceded and propitiated her; he mado no protest on liis own account, but only set himself to minimise the risks of the expedition as far ns human means could do it. In tlio strange way that things happen in this world a messenger arrived with a telegram a few minutes before thoy set off; and when the telegram, addressed to Richard Dclavcl, Esq., was opened by his son in law, who had authority to conduct his business corre spondence, it was found to bo dated from London, and to be a communication from the legal advisors of tho great Dclavri house. The message ran thus:— 44 Roger Delavol dead. Return immediately." J . To bt Continued,: .... - i. 