A ICGAMOUS LSTRIGUE. There was not a better or older family in Doltshire than the Deverels. They were not rich, but the three thousand odd acres which formed their patrimony had been theirs for four centuries, and as far as connections are concerned there were few families in England which surpassed them. Socially they ranked with the greatest land owners in the county; the Blunts, the De Oellars, and even the Eustaces had always received them as their equals. The head of the family was Sir Henry Deverel: A more perfect man and gentle man it would be hard to conceive. Hand some in person, dignified in manner, honour able in behavior, he was everything that the representative of an ancient race should be. His character, family, and age secured to him throughout the country a respect and affec tion which many of higher rank and greater fortune might have envied. Sir Henry was a widower but not childless. .He had two sons. The elder.was like himself fin appearance and disposition, h good-looking and rather delicate young fellow, of high character and unimpeachable conduct. The younger was unlike him in everything but looks. lHandsonme with a beaute du diaile he was a rake, a ga;mbler, and a drunkard. His conduct had done imore to whiten his father's head than time. From the time he left home Charles had been a source of trouble, anxiety, and shame to Sir- Henry. He was never out of hot water. His father, who regarded him with more than paternal affection, had for years borne with him, paid his debts, arranged his disputes, and shielded his misconduct. Whei he was cashiered from his regiment, Sir Henry, with 'a' very sorrowful heart, welcomed him home. lie had tried his best to reform the lad, to show him the folly of his behavior, and to awaken him to some sense of his duty towards himself, his family, and his. country ; but it was all in vain. Charles continued in his profligate career, uninfluenced by the advice and pleadings of his father. At last the cup became fulL What the act was which finally determined his father to disown him, was never known. Some said that he -had forged Sir Henry's name, and very possibly that was the truth. But what ever the crime was, it must have b'een of a bhenious description, for Sir Henry nIever mentioned it nor forgave it. He allowed the reprobate two hundred a year, but only on condition that he resithed out of Engla;Ld. .'-er-tel.ry, thºtoui, u v':ry iutdulgeltl father was not of a weak or undetermined character. He had borne Charles's misconduct for years, but when at last lie broke with him the breach was irreparable. John, the eldest son., was of a softer and more gentle disposition. He grieved over the ; quarrel between his father and brother, and would have given much to see it arringted. Though Charles had treated him in a very unbrotherly fashion, he willingly forgave him all his misdeeds, and tried' to obtain for him forgiveness from Sir Henry, too. But it was useless. Sir Henry had made up his mind, and when he had done so it was vain to try to influence him. Seeing this Johnny did what was in his power to make his brother's lot less miserable. He kept up a correspon dence with him, and often out of his own allowances supplied him with money to pay his debts. ! Charles, when repudiated by his father, went to Paris. There. following his nature, he picked up with the very worst part of the IEnglish colony. Broken-down gamblers, bankrupt stockbrokers, and fugitive swind lers formed the bulk of his acquaintance. They were a merry, reckless set, men 'who fortune's buffets and rewards had taken with equal thanks.' They ate and drank luxur iously as long as they had money ; whenl they had none, as was most often the case, they lived on bread and water as contentedly :as they could. Captain Deverel, who shared their disposition, enjoyed their companly. Charlie's principal chum among them was a person called Captain Dunrook. Cap tain Dunrook's name was not on the Army Lisc-a fact which he seemed to think unde serving of explanation. How he lived , nobody could exactly tell, but it was very shrewdly suspected that it was partly on his l: wits and partly on his friends. He played cards uncommonly well, and had a most fortunate tendency to turn up Saces. He played billiards uncommonly well, Sand had a strong desire to put money on the I game. He imitated other people's writing uncommonly well, and it was said that he Shad once or twice got into trouble through ment. This, however, Charles Deverel denied, and so it was probably untrue, as Charles was admirably qualified to give an opinion on questions of forgery. One evening about three years after he had arrived in Paris, Charles Deverel was sitting in his shabby lodgings in company with Cap taid Duurook, when a letter was handed to him. Charles had been for some time oin very low water; hehad had ,run of bad'luck at cards, and'he had written to his brother for help. The letter was the reply. It con tained a cheque for forty pounds. After showing the draft to the delighted Dunrook-he and the Captain had a com mon purse-Ohkaries .proceeded to read his brother's letter. Wi, n he had finished it, he flung it down in an impatient way. ' Who would have thought it,' he said. 'The fool's going to marry.' ' Indeed !' said Dunroolk. 'Yes, he says that father has long been anxious he should. The old cock, you know, is implacable; the estate's entailed, and if Johnny doesn't have children it will come to le • t; h i(? th,- iu, ; i.s:.U r 1.. ? ....i ,. , l.' S. ._ ;oing to untr'yn a womc. i tit a h!!LturV. He says that the lady of his choice, though living under her maider. name, was married to a scoundrel who deserted her, and after wards got killed in a railway accident. Upon that happy event taking place the rejoicing widow, eager to forget her lost lord, resumed her maiden rgrne.' ' Elih !' cried Captain Dunrook, with great interest. ' You don't mean it? ? oes he mention the lady's name, ' ' Yes, Martha (:reenlees.' ' Whe !' whistled Captain Dunrook. ' Here is a go ! ' What is the matter ' asked Charles. Why, only this-Marltith Greeniecs is my wife ! ''What ? Don't tdlk bosh. Her husband was killed in a railway accident. ' Reported killed,' said Captain Dunrook, ':ounld have ieen more accurate, You see it happened this way. I was passing under the name of Charles Goodall when I met pretty little Martha Greenlees at Oheltent ham. She was accompanied byv a foolish old mother, who took a great fancy to ure. \Vell, I liked little Martha. and I liked her little fortune, and so I married her. I never knew exactly whether she was willing or not ; but her stupid old mother was mad on the point, and so she had to give way. 'You don't means it, said Charles, in amazement. ' It is a fact, my boy. I married her and spent her fortune-had doused bad luck at the tables, and it lasted no time-and then -well, thein, 1 drewr on a frien:d of mine without mnr:tioning the circullistrllce to hinl, and would you believe it '-the reactchi.d creature, when lie found it out, talked wildly about forgery, and sent a detetive after nmt-, I therefore resolved to pay a hurried visit to France. With my usual ill-luck, the trail: I took was smashed in a collision. In my comnpart meut there was only one other man, an Ame rican, who ingeniously confided to me that he was very rich, and wasgoing for a month's burst in Paris. These railway collisions are funny things. When this one was over I found that I was only a little bit shaken up, while the Ameri can, who had been seated beside me, was nmade into a meat jelly. I was scrambling as well as I could out of the rubbish, when it oc curred to me that in his present pulvtrised condition my American friend would not want the money he had with him, so I ap propriated it. Not wanting to be dishonest, I put into his pocket as an exechange my pocket book-there was nothing in it but my name- and some letters with me. Then I left and continued cvy journey to Paris. Well, when the papers came out I was surprised-very surprised-to find my namle among the list of those killed in the collision. I did not contradict the statement. -natural modesty, you udierstandbul?t Ssettled down in Paris, and resumed my ori ginal name.' 'By George.,' cried Charles, who had listened to the story with profound atten tion. ' And so you married Martha Green lees '1' 'Yes, I did ; anl she wasn't a badl little woman either. What will you do ? Tell your brother [L'r still alive and kickinez ' 'Well, I don't know,' answered Charles, Sthoughtfully. 'It strikes me there's some Sthiing in this thai we might pull off if we're Sonly sharp enough. Let nme think, now. ,Why shouldn't we let him marry, and then r you levy blackmail on her? [ fancy we might make somethling comfortable that way.' S' Rather mean behavior, don't you think 1 Sespecially to your brother, who has been so kind to you.' r 'Look here, Dick,' saidl Charles,' im patiently; you rmay be a parson in dlisguise, ,but please doni't preach to me. I'm uat war Swith the world-with Johnny the samle as the rest-and all's fair in love and war.' 'All right, Charley,' answeret d Captain Dunrook ; 'do as you like. I'll not spoil Sgame. But, remember I'll not hlackmail ,poor Martha; I've done the poor little body 1 evil enough already.' 'How chicken-hearted you've grown! But · we'll see. Hlowever, whether you'll profit by the business or inot doesn't matter. I'O sure , to do so. LetJohry miar'y his ,rass.widow, and live with her anrd die with hlier, and when he dies 1i'm in for the estate. You se,; hrc s children won't be legitimate, and so can't \- inherit, and I'm tile next heir.' SCharles lay back for a moment in his chair Sand reflected. S 'Yes, that's the job,' he said,' I know SJohnny's a sickly fellow; he can't live, very s long. If all goes well, I'll be owner of the Gregories inside of ten years.' I 'Gad, you're a credit to your family !' said Captain Dunrook with a sneer. John Deverel duly miarried Martha Green lees. On his wedding-tour he-visited-Paris, and, when there, he ferreted out Charles, and asked hiri to dinner with him. Charles went and saw his brother's bride. He talked to \- her all the evening, but, of course, never once hinted at what he knew about her past lie was very well satisfied with thie way things Swere going; John was looking paler and more delicate than ever. 'COan't live long,' Oharles thought. ' Would I not be surprised if he were dead within a year. S Charles continued his dissipated life, and John continued sending him assistance from time to time. Captain Dunrook remained the rake's chum, and together, as before, they shared a couummon purse. Though tIhe gallant Captain had no private income, still his contributions to the treasury were prob ably equal to his companion's. By his skill at cards and billiards hIre managed as a rule, to scrape up enough to cover hIris expenses. Fortune, no matter what skill may back it, is proverbially lickle; and so it proved with the firmi of Deverel and Dunrook. They both had a long run of bad luck at playi. Deverel wrote to his brother, asking urgently for assistance, but to his ciharini and disap pointumenit, he received no reply. Dunlruooek tried agatin and again to retrieve his position, but only with the result of putting hituself further aid further into debt. ~'---r , ~,when ss e . .. . ..pe . - . ,-t,:., -. that iLd 1 mnatters ;: :I as of le.e, he knew that he who lwsitates is lost. Dunrook had just mgade ,p his mind to blackmail hiis it" wife when '"c,.arles Deverel suddently burst in ulon hit,. lie had that mnolletnt ri-eeived . ttlgt ram anntouncing: the death of his brother, which had taken place a few days :iater the birth of a son and heir to the De erei 's'ates. \'hen the couple had sotimewhLt tv,.rcomie their sudihn surprise, Charl-s p:ose.-I to D uro,:k tihat they sho-uild both intuediateiv start to ~n.uiidu, go to the Giego;ieSris, awl comfin'ort the supposed widowv of the late John Deverel. i Dou rooks pre-tence she could not dert that her eabb.uid was still alice, and that thei marriage with Joltn Deverel was illegal and i:.alid. This aeknowledgedm Charles would be th-, undi:L puted heir to the estates. They were valu able and unencumibe:red. The J.ews would advance on them on post-obits to almost any amlount. Captain Dunrook did not altogether likt. the business, hut Charles was peremptory and circumstances were pressing; so he re luctanttly legan his journluy tcoEnglaad. \When they re-ached tie Greugories they found it a house of mourtnieg and of sorrow. John had been dead uniy a: week, his boly had just l.-en pilaced in the vi-ige church yard, anil his oh I f-utier anod young, widow were over-w.hehaed with griet Dut Charles was not apl.p:lied by the it=cry. l it was one of those stony bciigs who neitiher fear nor feel. OU, thir r' riin,, erh-ris sent up his i?iine to his ftath--r n, a.?,:,i -r .:n in r?iew.r Sir iHIr y ch.L'telned ail.d sui.tf t;td by his great .orrtowI, c?ustettedtl to see his wayward and erring son. ie f.elt in his heart the, vanity and Useliessness of all rest.-uinent, and a desire ti. oorgi:t. Chart- for the wrongs lie ha:ul done hin ntil tih shame he lat: L.i brought upon an honored Inam;e. Chtriles etntered the library where his father was, leaving his fri.ie-l Captain Diii rook in the hail. His father, who looked very ill and great!ly ' ed. rose to receive hiiu as lie entered, and ,heId out a rtreinuiiig hatnd. Charles took it in a careless, nolutehltlxtit faish io. So Jiohnny's.deul,' he said flippantly. His heartless tone startled Sir Henry, wiho did not reply for a moument. Then he said slo Iy,' Yes, your irotlier is kead.' ' Wasn't a bit ;ul prised,' hliarles went on. ' Last bite I saw himi he l',iked like a ghost. Thought then it wouldn't bi- long before he shuttled oilf this mnort.d coil.' Sir henrys eyez, it;lhued with. rage as he heard these sneetring words. Ch' Oarles,' lie saul. sternly, ' I saw you with the intention of forgiving you for all you ha'.e done to injure ntu, and for what 1 have (Gtod help mne) mluch wore trouble in forgiving, all you hai e :lout; to disgrace nly ti-:t" - hut you have rt:ined your lath ltiance. The heartless nm:ant:.er i, which y(u speak of your dead brother who al ways love'd anl hulped y,,u, rt-.oi'its 1t"e. L.e t:o this lhoiust; this lnutlt-lt, and. nevt"_er agait pt f-ut across its threshold.' ' sot u quick, old bo,,' r.pliXd Cl;,'res.. calmly. ' Yott don't know, perhaps, that I have was lnuu-h interest in. this house as vote have S un. net i n the entail.' Sir Henry ',k: d. ~ C -ri-es in surprise. ' Are you twia,.,' hne ? k~d, " that Johnny left ;t son 1,,:hind ' : Q?',-s, i ;uu, of course o, but the brat's not. legitimate. As theie-t words were uttered the door opened, and. Mrs John Lieverel etlieretd Size heard what Charles said, and turned ghastly pale. Sir Henry noticed this, iaud hurrying to her, helped her, lhtif-fainutng, to a seat. Then, coming close to Charles, and raising his clenched list to his i:ce, h," hissed out: 'you coward and liar! Are you coroie here te insult the weak and suiacitn I 'o this in stant or I will do you comee injury. ' NotL o quick agtin, I tell you,' replied Charles, as caluly as ever. ' ino neither a coward nor a liar, and I'll ~he" you ' And lie stepped to the door. ' l ick, Ih- cadled out, ' come here. With dotuvcast looks C(iptamn Dunrook entered tii library. At the ight of him, Mrs Join Devcer-- rose to her feet with a shriek. Sir iHtenry gtzed from her to the Captain inf .A.?i ," a'. aiiir. = Yen s-e tii'- -i-e i-': of this geltiem,.ea ? said C(harles, ;.iti t :..,er, ' upon this so called widow. She is ',it quite ai widow vet. She hit-i only 0.e-,. ,., et in-,- husliantis.' Withi an .egui ised cry1 Mrs John Deverne turned and rushed ou.) - of the room, 'w hile Sir Henry stood gazing iat_:fr her, datzed with sur prise and horror. Lz a izi',nmeftt she returned with her baby in her arm.u. Agin auid again siLe kissed the child pa-siona'tely, while the bitter tears ran down her cheeks. * Oh,i my darling, Iuy dar?ing,' sli': sobbed, 'iwhat evil have you done that you should sufter I 1 could hear everymhiii., anything, but that you should b3 disgraced--my child, tmy child I' 'Yes, madam,' said Charles with a cruei smile, ' it's a - well, really I'm ashamed to leontion the word in the presence of a lady.' Charles IDeverel,' cried Sir Hlenry, fur iously, 'you ni-my he heir to this house, "ut you are not its master yet. and out of it you shall go. Regone you coward, and scoundrel -leave, I tell you, or 1111 miot be reapoasibl for what I do 3 Charles, a! ittle appalled, was retreatig towards the door" when Mrs .Johni l)everel rushed wildly towards Captain l)herok, who was standing silent in the middle of the room. 'Dick ,oodali,' she cried, 'explain how it is that you are here- that you are still alive. You seem not only to have deceived me in life but in death, too. After we married, you first robbed anid then deserted itie. Ilave you not done enough ? Why come here ta ruin this innocent child ' What harm has it ever done you ? Wihy .hould you wish to brand it with disgrace h d ' I do not, replied Captain I)unrouk in low tone. 'Not at all,' put in (h:irles. He otly eauto to speak to you. No harm in that surely You nre his wife. ' Slet-'s nrlhim:g of the kind, ans'.iered Can tlain .bunie'jk, ' What-what on earth do you mean? de mandled Charles excitedly. ' Why, wh _t I sa. Yo t" - p ti;u : mind gi'ing you a hand, but I thought you would play it like a gentleman, and not like a brute. Now I will out with the whole truth. That lady is not, and never was, my wife.' ' That is no use, Dick, said Cha les ' She herself admits she married you. ' Quite true, but you see, when she married me I had another wife living and well Sheis living and well still, I believe. Her last ad dress was 21 Babbler-street, Rottenborough, England. 'You are a liar ! cried Charles, pale with anger. ' Not on this occasion, my friend. You can find her for yourself-Mrs Dick Dunrook, Parisian milliner. ' By heavens, then, I will have you prose cuted for bigamy! 'Come, come, Charlie, said Captain Dun rook, with a sickly smile, ' fellows like you and me should not talk of prosecuting--men in glass houses, you know. Let us go back to Paris.--Truth. Julia--' I hear that you are engaged to le married.' Maria-' Yes, it's a fact, and my future husband is the handsomest and hest of men.' ' Then it's purely a love-match, J suppose ? ' Oh, entirely so--entirely !' 'Has he got money r ' What an absurd q'estion ! Of course he has got money-lots o: it.' Alcine-- Are you kissing your hand to that silly old man who followed us T Marie ' He think I am ; but it is to his handsome nephew, Charlie, who is just behind him. Charlie understands.' A contemporaly asks--, How shall women carry their purses to frustrate thieves ! Why, caTrry them empty. Nothing frus trates a thief more than to snatch a woman's purse, after follnowin her half a mile, and then find that it contains nothing but a recipe for plum puAdiig and a faded photo graph of her grandmother. Patrons of husbandry-Wives. Running a new drug store is up pill work. The conductor is a ladies' man. He is always after the fare. There is no place like home; after one has spent all his money travelling. The old chaps that wore armor were the first mail carriers. The cool wave-when the girl's father waves you to the front door. The professor of a swimming-school is very properly a doctor of dive-in-ity. It is a lonely day in a yellow dog's life when nobody kicks him. 