ROY'S REPEN TANCE. A NOVEL. Ev ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of "Jacobi'B Wife," "Under False rretences," " No Saiut4" &c;,, &c.; [Published by special arrangement with the authoress Ali rights reserved. J Chafier IY.-(Continued.) She broke forth again into the wild I.UK'htr-r that Roy disliked. "Why should I say what is not true !" she said, " Uo ia not hero now to threaten me and torture me. \ou don't know what he was-a gambler, a thief, a wretch-you don't know how he used to treat me . He forced me to aay that I would marry you : but I thought- I thought-he would have died firat! I never loved yon never. I hate you now. ^ I wish I might never see your faco again " "You do not know what you are say* in?," said Roy, with extreme agitation, "Rose, think again-spare me ' " Why should I spare you {?" she cried, springing up and facing him, with a fierce light in her eyes and a hot red spot of colcr fn her checks. _ " Was I ever spared ' 1 have had a miserable life-nob that I care-but I will pretend and lie and fawn no longer now that the old man is dead. 1 hated him, and he hated me. He wanted to make me miserable for ever, and so he forccd mo to marry you." " How could lie force you to do what you did not wish " Oh, he had ways and means. 1 never thought that he was going to die. I thought that he wa3 just making-believe, to work upon your feelings. 1 expacted to see him get up and go about again in a day or two. If 1 had known- oh, if I had but known !"' _ 7 ... '? You would not have married mo ' laid Roy, in a very quiet voice. He felt as if frozen - turned into stono by this revelation. " 1 would have killed you cried she, as if goaded into frenzy by the ques tion. She looked wonderfully handsome as she stood before him with her hair loose floating over her magnificent shoulders, her eyes aflame with her indignation and her diedain. Unwomanly she might be, but in her passionate recoil from the man that she did not lovo she was also half superb. But reaction followed close upon excite ment, She suddenly burst into tears and sank down upon a low couch, covering her face with her hands, and weeping like a child. Roy fancied that this show of emotion meant remorse, perhap3 repent ance, and returning tenderness. Hia love had been terribly wounded, but it wa3 still alive and strong. He bent over her, calling her by fond names, promising to make her happy-promising to make her love him before Ions, vowing all the thou sand and one things that he thought might perhaps avail to stop her tears and soothe her grief. But he felt all the time like one who has received a stunning blow. The future was dark before him, the world wa3 blackall that he could think of was to console the beautiful, sobbing creature that he had unwittingly entrapped against its will. Bla efforts at last seemed to be crowned with some success. She became silent and calm ; Bhe allowed him to hold her hand and to kiss her still averted cheek. He was cheered by the sight of her pa38ive ness, for he was young and hopeful, and did not knoAv that in a woman tempest iB less to be dreaded than sullen calm. He left her alone, at last, as she expressed a wish to sleep, and he, after a melancholy stroll in the garden, Hung himself down on the horsehair sofa in the parlor, and there fell at into a deep slumber the dumber of an utterly exhausted man. The sun was high in the heavens when he awoke to find his landlady regarding him with perplexity and amaze. " Oh, Mr. Joscelyn, sir, and what met ye here ?" she said. " I thought ye were out wi'your wife." '? Js she out '(?" said Roy starting up. " Ecs, indeed she be. An' her bed not bin slept in neither. She dutake the oil gentleman's deathio heart, aho du " " I'll go and meet her. She's gone for a walk," said Joscelyn hurriedly. '' Get breakfast ready, Sirs. Powell ; we'll be back soon." And away he went into the sunny mornirg air, with a cold weight at his heart of "fear that ho could scarcely understand. The fear gathered form and substanse fast Fiiough. For, though he waitad and .watchcd and searched for her-patiently, at first, and then with a fury of distressful pain-Rosamond never came back. What became of her nobody seemed to know. There wa3 a great hunt for her on the hills-where they thought she might have lost her way-and among the low rocks ; and oc/.e o£ the Eca beach, where many a : man and woman had been betrayed to ! death by uncertain footholds andtreacher- ; oua sands-but they found no trace of her. 1 She had left Roy J oscelyn for ever. ; One cannot help pitying the poor lad at , this portion of his career. He had given up everything for love-friends, home, portion-and love and had failed him, publicly and igtiominously. The strange , disappearance of a beautiful giri could not j easily be hushed up, and before many days had elapsed the event was com mented upon in all the newspapers. By the time that it was made public, how ever, there had been ample opportunities for Rosamond to leave the country, if &he; were so inclined. For, after the con versation that he had with her, Roy did not believe that she was dead. He haunted the place like a ghost, in the vain hop3 that she might return, for some little tune after Mr. Carew'a funeral. Be avoided ail his friends ; would not speak to the clergyman in the village streets; refused to notice the b)y3, Neil and Godfrey, to whom he had once been carelessly kind, ^eil used to watch lum curiously, but kept out of hi3 way. God frey, on'the contrary, hung about at his heels like a dos, and once attempted some blunt word of sympathy, but Roy simply | looked at him blankly, as though he did i not understand, and went on his way be- i fore the boy had finished nig blundering, i ill . constructed sentence. _ No wonder , people said that he was going out of his j mind. It was such a sudden downfall, lie | had been so buoyant, so bright, so intoxi- j cated with love's young dream ; and now | he had found, all at.once, that love could betray, that women were sometimes false, and that treachery might meet him on every hand. It WAS a terrible ordeal for a roan ; lie did not come out of it un scathed. Old Sir Kenriuk relented when he heard of Roy's trouble, and wrote hi:n a friendly letter, bidding him come back and take his old place at home. But Roy took no notice of thla communication. He did not care what people said or thought of him ; he was only quite cer tain that he would never again iooic into ; tho face of thoae whom he had once as- . counted hia friends. Ho woukl go to a ! new country and win his way there eitaer j to fortune crto death ^ i Within two months aft: r his ill st.irrtu ; marriage, therefore, he started f^r the ; antipodes, with the remainder -of hia j small fortune in his pocket, arid a full determination never to yet foot in^the old woild 8gain. With hii ^ wanderings in distant janda '-ve have nothing to do. IIj r,aintd money, and he h'ss nmuoy 4, he had many adventures of different kinds ; he went r,<> Kew /'eahirid. and Australia, and America, but he did not st.iy long in pi y place. On the \vh<;le lie WAS an unsuccessful man. _ _ It was when lie was in America that the news oi his wife a death came to him. He had letters from a solicitor about ifc, the certilicate of her death and burial, and a few trilling relics of her possessions. And then he lirst felt conscious that a nosy life might jet brgin for him, and that the I courage and energy which he had BO miserably wasted in his youfch were yob existent and might be turned to good account. What should he do? Should he go back to England and try to retrlevo the past ? But ho was a poor man still, and he had been nine years abroad, What career was open to him in England I While ho was hesitating a letter was put into his hands. He tore it open hastily, for, although the handwriting was strange to him, the postmark was that of Rotherston, the town near Sir Kenrick'a house. And this was what ho read : "Sir-I write at the request of Sir Ivenrlck Joscelyn (whose hands are dis abled through illness) to beg you to piv him a visit. He is old and feeble, and wishes, he says, to see you once more before he dies. 41 Yours faithfully, " Lai'Iienc)-; EI;T,k." " His secretary, .1 suppose. Poor old man," said Roy to himself. " Ah, here's a postscript-can Laurence Erie bs a woman -4 If this appeal does not touch you, let me add that 1 am sure you would feel it your duty to return at once, did you know all the circumstances of Sir Kenrick's present life.' What does that mean, I wonder ? Have the Desmonds got hold of him ? I'll start to morrow." (To be continued.) 