Litigation. CONSIDERABlLE surprise and indignation have been expressed in various quarters'of the towr, during the week, since it became known that the'long-threatened action against Mr. Clark; as printer and publisher of the Indepfedent, for its comments on the omisdoings of the Town Council, was set down for hearing in the Supreme Court, on Monday next. The mattes has, no doubt, almost faded from the public mind, but 'it will 'be rementmbered thlat in September last, we were put in possession of particulars: as to how.a resolution of ten years standing, admitting t!e Press to all Commaittet meetings of the Council, had been secretly re scinded some months previously and we exposed the manner in which it had been done. That public feeling is with us we are certain, anti we have to thank many;friendis for their ex pressions of'approval and oifers of linancial support. In addition to greetings from private persons sucl as " Well, I'm fairly astounded ! put me dlown for £2o for the defence fund." The following pnthlie: letter has been, for warded to Mr. Clark:: TO W. M. CLARK, ESQ.,. M.L.A., SPublisherA!nddcu/dcti, Footscray. SSt.-I am directed by: the Footscray 'Scnitairy and Improvement Association to convey to you the sense of a resolution that was passed at its last meeting, to, the effect, thiT the Association has always admired your manly, fearless, atid justiliable exposure of public, wrongs, in the Ilndeendenl and other wise, and would.now tender you its sympathy, and also its support, both monetary and moral,' in your defence of the case 'instituted against you by the Mayor of this town. I have the honor to be, Sir, ' Your obedient,servant, Sd.), S. T. WATERS, HIon.-Sece Buckley Street, Footscray, S st February, 888. • It is gratifying to know that. in our. en deavour to keep the Council up ti the marki: we have the ratepayers witht us, and' whether .'successfUil or otherwise in legal' points,;.we must, in' justice:, to ourselves and the public; endeavour to prove the facts on which our :remarks were based:" It' irnot"ouir fult if we . have to drag up out of their graves occurrences. \- which' would-be mnuchlbetter left buiried, or to \- bring unwillingly into Court the ghosts of past transactions, but being forcedinto the position we must endeavour to do so thorioughly. 