LADY DAMER. By this time they reached the drawing room where the little party had assembled to meet them. Another moment and they were gazing with delighted eyes at the loveliest Lady Darner who had ever reigned at Avonwold. Lord Darner in a:few well.chosen words introduced his wife to Mrs. Darner, and St. John; then to Audrey and Dr. Trench. Isabel's welcome was stiffly and coldly given. In the beautiful stranger-she only saw the probable mother of sons who would inherit Avonwold, leaving her husband out of the succession altogether. Lady St. Julien kissed the lovely face. 'My dear.' she said, if all brides were like you, I should never be tired of seeing them.' ' We are late,' said Lord Darner; ' that is the first dinner bell. You will not have much time for dressing, Florence,' 'I must make good use of the short timd I have,' she replied. Isabel turned to her with a cold smile, ' Is your name Florence ?' she asked. 'Yes,' replied Lady Darner, smiling. 'I hope you like it.' ' We have never had the name in our family before,' she replied. 'I am not sure whether I like it or not. It is ro mantic, and reminds one of a three volume novel.' 'I hope it will have pleasant associa tions for you before long.' she said, with winning grace. Isabel's cold face relaxed. 'I do not doubt it,' she said. ' Shall I show you to your rooms, Lady Darner? Your maid will be there, in all probability. The two ladies left the drawing-room together; the gentlemen remained to ex change a few words in praise of the bride. 'You waited some years, Karl,' said Audrey Darner; ' but we must all own you have not waited in vain.' 'Thank you. Thank you, Dr. Trench; your kind wishes touch me ; of course, we cannot foresee events, but I think I am justified in saying that I am the happiest man in the world, and have the happiest life before me.' CHAPTER 1II. Mrs. Darner, whose keen, critical eyes could judge so quickly and so well, looked with no little anxiety as the drawing-room door opened again, and Lady Darner, dressed for dinner, entered. 'I shall soon see to what style she is accustomed,' thought that astute lady. But when the mistress of Avonwold entered, even her keen eyes could discover no flaw. There was no over-doing of magnificence-no attempt at grandeur. Her toilette, like herself, was simply peer less. She wore a dress of white silk; her beautiful neck and shoulders gleamed marble-white beneath the white lace that covered them. She wore a band of pearls in her beautiful, golden-brown hair, and a bracelet of pearls on one rounded arm. There was nothing to mar the exquisite taste and purity of this rec/terchr dress, it harmonised so well with the lovely face. Isabel Darner, looking at her, was obliged to confess that she had never seen a face one half so fair-words could not describe it; they are weak and inapt to paint such marvellous beauty. There is a face something like it in one of Georgione's most famous pictures, banging in a famous gallery in Rome. A fair, queenly face; the brow low, with golden-brown hair rising from it like a crown; straight, clear brows, delicate as though marked by an artist's pencil; violet eyes, whose expression none save one, and he the loved one, could ever fathom; proud, yet gracious ; full of fire and passion, so seldom shown; eyes that look as though they were always turned upon another world no one else can see; long, dark, silken lashes, that veil the fire and hide the tenderness; per fect features; a lovely mouth; haughty, yet sweet lips, that can command and promise, that can denounce and plead, caress and threaten-little dimples hide around it; the chin perfect in shape; the whole face exquisite in colour, with a faint rose-leaf bloom, that sometimes deepened and again grew paler. Nature has so favoured some women, making them masterpieces of lovieliness; fate often mars what nature has done, by giving them unhappylives. Isabel Darner could find no fault with Lady Florence; her voice was low and sweet, her laugh like the silver chime of a bell. Nor could she find anything to criticise in her manner. She looked very young, but she was perfectly self- possessed, per fectly at ease. She took her place at that magnificent table as though she had been accustomed to sit there all her life. She was as courteous, as graceful, and as attentive to guests as though she had been in the habit of entertaining them for years. It was a very pleasant dinner, the lovely, graceful hostess seemed intuitively to understand what topics of conversation each one preferred. 'High life,' with Mrs. Damer; ' Home affections,' with Lady St. Julien; the ' Used-up state' of everything in general,, and 'himself in par ticular, with Audrey; 'Church politics,' with Dr. Trench. Her husband listened with charmed ears. How clever and brilliant she was. How fortunate he had been to find this lovely, peerless wife. .Dinner and dessert were both over, yet the sunlight lay golden on the lawn. Lady Florence turned to her husband. ' Of all hours in the day,' she said, ' this is the most delicious, and I love it best.' 'Then you shall enjoy it,' he said. 'I will show you our Avonwold trees, Florence; there are none like them in any other part of the world. Isabel, will you come ? It is not cold. Lady St. Julien, will you venture?' 'Yes,' she replied, 'I like the lawn, Lord Darner. I never see such flowers and trees anywhere else.' A few minutes later and the whole group were once more out upon the emerald lawn. The sky was covered now with crimson clouds, and the strange red light yet lingered on the lime trees; the birds were singing their vesper hymn, and the flowers were falling asleep. Lady Florence uttered a little exclama tion of surprise as she saw the beautiful trees. Lord Darner smiled at her delight. 'How grand they are,' she said, ' and what a strange hue the sunset throws over them. Oh, Karl, let us walk down that grove-there is nothing on earth I love so dearly as trees.' They crossed the lawn, and stood under the cool, leafy shade. 'How Hope will admire:this,' said Lady Florence; 'it will be her favourite spot, I know.' Seeing that Isabel's cold, curious glances was turned upon her, Lady Flqrence, said : ' Hope is my sister, Mrs. Damer; she has been sister and mother both to me. She is coming to live with us.' Isabel's face grew colder and paler. ' Another interloper,' she thought, 'another to share what might have been all our own with us.' They stood at that moment just at the entrance of the lime grove; a sudden, brisk wind arose and rustled among the trees, the mighty branches moved in the wind; it seemed as though every little leaf cried out with a sudden and loud voice as Lady Florence walked for the first time between them. She looked up at the shining, rippling foliage with a smile. 'Those leaves are all talking,' she said 'They are saying, ' Welcome, welcome home I'" Her husband laughed at the pretty fancy and as he laughed another wind made the branches shudder. What were they saying ? It was well for him he could not hear. Well tor the man of high descent and noble race, well for the bearer of a stainless name that he did not know what the wind was telling the lime trees, and they were shuddering to bear. 'I hope, Lady Darner,' said Isabel, 'that you are fanciful or nervous.' 'I am not nervous,' she replied; 'I cannot say that I am not fanciful.' 'Then you will have a pleasant time of it. Avonwold is full of ghosts. Iam not sure but that this very grove is haunted.' ' I have no fear,' said Lady Florence. Mrs. Darner turned to her kinsman. 'Lady St. Julian gave us all a terrible fright this afternoon,' she said. ' She de clares that she heard the sound of rain drops pattering on the terrace last night.' All the smiles died from Lord Damer's handsome face. Lady St. Julien made a gesture of silence, which Mrs. Darner took care not to see. ' That is another Avonwold superstition,' she continued. 'But, indeed, this is no idle legend-it is a real fact.' 'What is the fact?' asked Lady Flo rence, looking from one to the other. 'I cannot tell you how far back the legend dates,' said Mrs. Damer, fixing her keen glance on Lady Florence's face, ' but it is this; before any great misfortune occurs, or any disgrace threatens, or any dark cloud lowers over Avonwold, the sound of falling raindrops is heard on the terrace. Strange, is it not? nevertheless it is quite true.' 'And this sound was heard last night?' asked Lady Florence in a low voice. 'Yes,' replied Mrs. Darner; ' I felt quite nervous at first, but we must hope that the legend, for once, will be untrue.' 'Was it the shadow of the limes that made my lady's face grow suddenly so white-even the lips lost their color. ' Last night,' she repeated, ' the night before I came home--is it an evil omen ? I am frightened, Karl.' Lord Darner looked very angrily at his accomplished kinswoman. ' It would have been kinder not to have told my wife this story, Isabel; everyone is not gifted with the same strong nerves you possess.' A little thrill of delight gladdened Mrs. Damer's heart-she looked with affected anxiety at the pale young bride. 'I beg a thousand pardons, Lady Darner. I never dreamed of frightening you. Why should you feel nervous? There can be no possible connection between the warning always given to the Darners-and you i' 'Certainly not,' said Lord Damer, soothingly, 'I cannot comfort you by saying' Do not believe it,' for, unfor tunately, the omen has always proved true; but, my darling Florence, this warning is not for you.' She looked gratefully at him, but he saw that her face was still deadly white. ' Your coming home,' he said, ' is an hon our and glory to the Damers-there can be no misfortune connected with it. Only God knows what the future holds; but of one thing I am quite certain, it, holds nothing hut what is bright and beautiful for you, Florence.' 'I am so very sorry I named the incident,' said Isabel, complacently. ' It was very thoughtless of me, and I shall not forgive myself until you look blooming and smiling again, Lady Damer.' She made a great and evident effort to shake off the gloom and depression. that had fallen over her. ' I shall not allow you to hear any more Avonwold legends,' said her husband, with a smile. ' You are not brave enough for them.' 'They are so terrible,' she replied, with a slight shudder. 'Nay,' he continued, 'what sweeter sound is there in Nature than the pat tering of rain drops. I listen;to it .always with pleasure.' 'Not when it fortells sorrow and dis grace.' ' I did not mean the ghostly rain drops -I have never heard those. And, Florence, there has often been sorrow at Avonwold, deepest, bitterest sorrow; but I thank my God, standing here this calm, sweet summer's night, I thank my God that disgrace has never been near us-the word is not known amongst us. Now come and see our fernery. My mother; Lady Clare Damer, had a perfect passion for ferns-do you care for them ?' She answered 'Yes,' and tried to look interested; but Isabel Damer, alwayswatch ing, saw that the lovely face was long in regaining its colour, and that the interest she took in the ferns was but feigned. Later on that evening she found Lady Damer in the conservatory quite alone. Coming upon her quite suddenly and unexpectedly, she saw the beautiful face of the young wife wet with tears. CIIHAPTER IV. "Against all the skill and lore of men, I wager woman's wit." ' You may laugh, Audrey; of course, you always do laugh at what you are pleased to call my discoveries. Wait and see. If I am not right this time, I will never pretend to wit or wisdom again.' 'Women are all alike,' said her husband, carelessly; 'they cannot keep from speaking and thinking evil of each other; it seems to be inherent in them.' 'I do not say that I think evil of her,' retorted his wife, quickly; 'you are going too far. I merely say that I am sure she has some mystery or secret.' 'What does it matter to us if she has ?' he replied, lazily. 'It may matter nothing at all, or it may bq something so serious as to make your succession certain after all.' 'Isabel, you talk arrant nonsense,' said her husband, angrily. 'Just imagine the consequence if Lord Darner heard you.' 'If Lord Darner were even near me I should not speak at all on the subject,' she replied. ' I am speaking to you, Audrey, and though you may laugh and sneer as much as you like, the time will come when you will say ' my wife was quite right.' The persistency rather impressed him. ' Alter all,' he said to himself, some of his wife's prophecies had turned out to be quite correct-why not this?' He felt just a lazy, indifferent wish to know what she had to say. 'Perhaps you are right, Bell, after all. I am not quick at reading people. What is your opinion of this lovely lady ?' A smile of quiet triumph played'around Mrs. Damer's lips. ' I agree with you, she is very lovely ; but I'say, 'All that glitters is not gold,' and, for all her youth, her beauty, and her fascinations, I firmly believe there is a mystery in her life.' * Nothing worse than a mystery ? Now, tell me, Bell, what makes you think so ?' 'You were not with us under the limes when I told Karl that Lady St. Julien had heard the infallible warning. She did not understand it, and I told her the story of the legend.' ' Well?' said her husband, seeing that she made a long pause. ' If anyone had told me that story quite suddenly I should have been, perhaps, a little incredulous, a little impressed, and certainly very much interested; but I should never have felt afraid.' ' Was Lady Darner afraid ?' he asked. 'Indeed she was; her face grew per fectly white with fear, and though she tried hard, she could not recover herself. Now I-being, I flatter myself, a sensible woman-asked myself this question,' LW hy should Lady Damer be a/raid ' If her life is as clear as a brook at noonday-if she has nothing to conceal, nothing to dread, why should she fear ?' ' he might simply have been nervous and impressionable,' he said, thoughtfully. ' Nonsense, Audrey. I know what tear is, and I saw it in her face. I am not mistaken-it was deadly, livid fear, and not nervousness or anything else. I tell you Lady Damer has a something iti her life.' 'Take that for granted,' he said; ' what do you imagine that something to be ?' ' That is the question,' she replied, with great vivacity. ' A woman may have a hundred secrets in her life that no one guesses. She may have married for money, perhaps, loving some one else all the time. She may have loved someone who is dead; or, as I said before, there may be a darker secret- perhaps one that will make your succession sure.' 'I will not have you repeat that I' he cried. 'It is not probable. Why you should say such things of her, I cannot imagine. She is so young-quite a child.' 'She istwenty-four,' replied Mrs. Damer, sharply; 'though, I must acknowledge, she does not look more than eighteen.' 'Then you must see the absurdity of yoursuspicions. Twenty-four-she has not had time for any great mystery, Bell. 'O BE CONTINUED. 