The Oath of Doom. CHAPTER XII. One of Earl Fairvale's favourite amusements was riding on horseback. He had a passion for fast horses. He might often be seen mounted on some spirited and superb animal, riding in the 'low' by his daughter's side, who was herself a finished horse woman. Sometimes he drove a four-in-hand. Often he might be seen tearing along at a wild and break-neck pace on some fiery- looking horse that ordinary people would shudder to look at. But the earl did not know the name of fear. HIe seemed to take a reckless delight and gloomy satisfaction in those wild, John Gilpin-like races, at which others trembled with dread. Holaughedat the fears of his daughter and her friends, and disregarded their entreaties. Sir Harry Olive came home one day, his fine face clouded with anxiety. 'The earl has bought a new horse,' he said. 'It is a beautiful creature, black as night, glossy as satin, elean limbed, superb, but with the most vicious eye conceivable, and a fiery toemper. They call him King.' ' I suppose there is no danger to the earl,' said his wife. He has a marvel lous control over his horses. They seem to obey the least touch of his hand or sound of his voice.' 'This animal.he has now is not like to be tamed so easily,' Sir Harry answers, gravely. 'It is said that he threw his last master and killed him. Indeed, Nella, you could not imagine a more devilish-looking creature than this beautiful King. I told Fairvale that its true name ought to be the Black Devil, for I am sure he looks like one.' Lady Clive shudders. 'Has the earl tried him yet?' she -inquires. ' He started out upon him an hour ago,' Sir Harry answers. 'There was a score of us who tried to persuade him not to mount the fiery creature. But he laughed at our fears, and went off in gallant style. King tried to prevent him from mounting, but he succeeded in first.rate style. Yet I doubt,' gloomily, 'if he ever returns alive.' ' What will Lady Vera say? She has been so anxious over him, so nervous of late,' sighs Lady Olive. 'You need not tell her,' be answers. 'No need to alarm her needlessly. After all, our forebodings may be in vain. Fairvalo is the most fearless and accomplished rider I ever saw. He may oven conquer King.' But even then the loud and start ling peal of the door bell rings like a wild alarm through the house. Sir Harry's fears have had only too good a foundation. They have picked up the earl from the hard and flinty pavement, where the maddened brute had flung him, and brought him home bleeding, senseless-mortally injured, all the surgeons agree. And Lady Yera ? The shock of the awful tidings had almost rent her heart in twain. Passing from one swoon into another, she lies on her couch,. white and horror - stricken, shuddering sighs heaving her breast. At last they come to tell her that the awful stupor is over. He is conscious, and has asked for her. 'How long?' she asks, faintly, for, they had told her that his hours are numbered. ' Calm yourself, for he cannot bear the least'excitement.' But when Vera goes into his presence, and sees him lying so marble white, with the black hair tossed back from the high, pale brow, and the eager, asking eyes fixed upon her anguished face, a great, choking knot rises into her throat-it seems as if she will choke with the violence of her re pressed emotion. 'Father,' she wails, with a world of grief in that one word, and falls on her knees by his bed.side. 'I am going from you, dear,' he answers, with the strange calmness of the dying. 'The black river of death yawns at my feet. The pale and mystic boatman is waiting to row me over. Already the cold waves splash over me. Vera !' 'Father,' she answers, placing her hand in the cold one feebly groping for it. His hollow, dark eyes roll around the room. 'Are we alone ?' 'Alone,' she answers, for all the kindly watchers have withdrawn, leavr ing father and child to the sweet solace of this last moment together, uhdisturbed by alien eyes. The dark eyes seek hers-sad, wist ful, full of vain remorse. 'V Yora, I was reckless, mad, defiant of fate. I have thrown my life away -my poor, blighted life. Can you forgive me, my poor, orphaned girl?' Only her stifled sobs answer him. 'Idid not mean it, Vera. I was tormented by my burning thoughts, and I only sought diversion. I thought I could hold the fiery brute in check. But the devil threw me. No matter; I am to blame. I was tooreckless. But you forgive me, darling ?' Sho kisses him because she cannot speak. 'I have lost my life,' he murmurs, sadly; 'lost it before my work on earth was done. IMy daughter, you recall what I said to you so short a while ago ?' - She shivers, and lifts her dark, foroboing eyes to his face. ' Yes, father.' ' Bring me the Bible. from yonder stand, dear. You must swear a solemn oath.' The beautiful young face quivers with nameless dread ?nd fear. ' Oh, fathor,'-sho prays with. iifted kande and streaming eyes, 'leave it to Heaven !' The dark eyes, fast glazing over with the film of death, grow hard and stern. 'Vera, child of my martyred wife, will you be false to your father's dy ing trust ? WVill you refuse to obey his dying commands ?' 'No, 'father, no,' she weeps. 'Then place your hand on this Bible, my darling.' Silently she obeys him, the pale, chill light of the waning day glim mering in on her ghost-like, pallid face, and the dark eyes full of pain and despair. And the voice of the dying man rises strangely on the utter stillness. 'Swear, Vera, swear by all your hopes of happiness, that you will punish Marcia Cleveland through her dearest affections, that at any cost to yoursolf you will avengeyour mother's wrongs !' A gasp; the words die on Lady Vera's parched tongue. 'Speak, my little countess. Repeat my words,' he urges, anxiously. With a terrible effort she murmurs them over: ' I swear, by all my hopes of hap piness, that I will punish M]arcia Cleveland through her dearest affections; that, at any cost to myself, I will avenge my mother's wrongs!' She glances down at the loved face for his smile of approval. An icy hand seems to clutch her heart. Her father has died as the last words left her lips-died with a smile of triumph on his marble-white face ! One piercing cry of anguish, and the Countess of Fairvale falls lifeless across the still warm body of the dead. CHAPTER XIIr. Long days of illness for Lady Fair vale follow upon the tragic episode of her father's death. Nights and days go by like -utter blanks to her, with only slightly recurring intervals of con sciousness. It has been a great shock to her, this swift and terrible rending apart of the last filial tie earth holds for her. Near kindred she has none. Her father's death has seemed to leave her utterly alone on earth. It is true there is some distant cousin and heir at-law who would, no doubt, take it as a favour if she would die and leave him title and estates, but him she knows not. 'There is no one living who has the least claim upon my affection,' she thinks, forlornly, to herself that day, when, with agonised heirt, she bends to press the last farewell kiss on her father's marble lips; but even with the words a sudden memory stabs her heart and crushes her senseless to the floor with the silent whisper of one name -Leslio Noble ! That feared and dreaded name has power to blanch poor Vera's cheek and drive the blood from her heart at any moment. 'What if, dazzled by my wealth and title, he should come and claim me ?' is her dreadful thought,.never dreaming of that stately monument in fair and flowery Glenwood, on which Leslie Noble has caused to be inscribed the simple name of " VERA, " WIFE OF LESLIE NOBILE. "Died ---th, 18-; aged 17," thus trying to atone to the dead in some slight measure for the pitiful, unmanly cowardice that had driven her desperate. But after that terrible brain fever, that great struggle between the op posing forces of lifo and death, Vera lies still upon her couch with wide, dark eyes that look out from her small, white face drearily upon the world-the great, wicked world in which, though she has so much wealth and power, she cannot claim so much as a single true friend. 'Unless Lady Clive be one,' she muses, 'and-and,' but then she stops, and 'takes herself to task be. cause she has so strangely thought of Captain Lockhart just then. 'Where can he be ?' she wonders. ' Perhaps he has taken himself off to livelier quarters. The house must have been as dull as a tomb while I lay so ill. I wonder if Lady Clive will ever forgive me for spoiling her 'season' like this.' She propounds this latter question gravely to Lady Clive herself, who responds with an encouraging smile, and the gay little answer: ' I will try.' But when she sees how pale and wistful is Countess Vera's lovely face, she folds her in her arms and kisses her. ' My dear, do not give a thought to that,' she says. ' There is nothing to forgive, believe me. I am very glad that you were with us when you fell sick. I have nursed you with all the onvve and tenderness I cnlrl hnna, i given a sister.' Why should Countess Vera's heart beat so fast at the thought of being Lady Clive's sister, and why should her pale cheeks flush, and the grateful words falter on her lips? ' We all love you,' her friend goes on kindly. ' The children have been dolorous over you. "When will Vera come and see us again ?" they ask every day. Have you looked at the pretty bouquets they sent in for you this morning ?' Lady Vera smiles assent. Fresh flowors are brought to her room every morning, and they tell her the child ren send them. But there are only three children, and always four bou quets. Vera asks no questions, but she knows that the fourth one is always the largest and sweetest. To day it is of crimson rose-buds, mixed with heliotrope and pansies, for there is always some blending of her favoiiite flower. (To be continuhed.) A.aL "inds of English aind Foreign Watches ronired and accurately timed by F. PuAnoa, Hunter.street. 6599 