NEEDLES= "Short, Sharp, Shiny." A.N.A. Cricket. "Our Boys." Hot. Hotter. Hottest. Look out for large scores. Improvements at the Zoo. Australian Eleven v. S.A. Natives in the Town Hall. Reaping becoming general. Australian freights increased. Big cricket match on the oval. A small fire early this morning. Women's suffragers hard at work. Shade yesterday, 105.2; sun, 151.7. Professor Baldwin at the Semaphore. Music on the Semaphore jetty Fridays. A splendid bore in the Bourke district. Oh, why don't we live at Cold and Wet? Welcome back to the Australian Eleven. Another attempted Whitechapel atrocity. Last night but one of "The Golden Ladder." "Man giveth up the ghost, and where is he?" Crops in the Gladstone district turning out well. Sir Henry Blake interviews Lord Knuts- ford. Deputation at the Buck's Head, Stepney, to-night. Lyons and Jarvis looking all the better for their trip. Civil servants had a successful smoke social last night Now then, Australian natives, rally up at the Town Hall. "Probably squally and rain," says Clement L. Wragge. Cardinal Moran felt the weather too hot to be interviewed. Broken Hill Water Supply Bill read a first time in Sydney. Splendid flow of artesian water struck in the Bourke district. Mr. J. L. Purves will speak at the A.N.A. meeting to-night. An aboriginal sentenced to death for murder at Port Augusta. Farmers in the settled districts are wearing quite happy faces. There are 4,000 women in Government em- ploy at Washington. This year New South Wales has spent £3,000 on the unemployed. South Kilkerran farmers have reaped 15 bushels to the acre. The teacher of chemistry at the Agricultural College has resigned. Home Ruler Harrington has been fined £500 for contempt of court. Melbourne and Sydney freights from London increased half a crown. The jury have again failed to agree in the Botany poisoning cases. Fourteen vineyards in New South Wales are affected by phylloxera. Would it not be as well in this weather to migrate to Cold and Wet? A cohesion of the English speaking races is predicted by Hosea Biglow. Mount Morgan gold mine have banked 25,000 oz. of gold this week. James Russell Lowell characterises Im- perial federation as a dream. A suggestion for a plucky speculator—Erect a coffee palace at Cold and Wet. An immense and excited throng at the burial of one of the Whitechapel victims. Sir Thos. McIlwraith trying to get Sir 'Enry Parkes to join the Federal Council, Turner and Ferris make their first appear- ance on a South Australian cricket ground. Truth recommends Queensland not to vote a salary for the Governor if her wishes are dis- regarded. Draughts players have had a banquet in Mel- bourne. The draughts were very deep on this occasion. Lord Carnarvon doesn't think the colonies should be consulted in the appointment of Governors. Vancouver physicians consulting Sir Andrew Clarke in London by cable as to Lord Ennes- more's condition. Mr. Nash was nervous yesterday, and kept calling Cardinal Moran "your worship." The corporation still sticks. One of the steamer Murrumbidgee's firemen jumped into the Port River and tried to escape, but he was recaptured. In London most of the large hospitals and many institutions devoted to good deeds, are worked by "sisters" belonging to certain re- ligions sects, who are so extremely High Church that people of moderate views regard them as being very little removed from Roman Catholics in matters of faith and dealing. They devote nearly all their time and energy to the furtherance of hospital and correspond- ing work, and the nurses who work under the sisters are expected to conform (in outward de- meanor and profession at least) to the religious example set by their superiors. The idea that a low temperature begets an instinctive craving for alcoholic tonics seems disproved by the teetotalism of the Patagonian ravages who horsewhip every Spanish stimu- lant-monger without benefit of clergy. The Lesghian mountaineers, too, observe the inter- dict of the Koran in the icy summit regions of the Caucasus; but there is no doubt that the bracing influence of a cold climate affords a certain degree of immunity from the debili- tating effects of the alcohol vice, and that a Scandinavian peasant can for years survive the effects of a daily dose of alcohol that would kill an Egyptian fellah in a single month. PARLIAMENTARY POINTS. Stonewalling. Ebby's field day. Castine on fingerings. Ward on the rampage. A victory for the Federalists. Divorce Bill before the Lords. Land Bill through the Council. Stonewall Homburg talking ahead. Yesterday was Mr. Ward's day out. Had the general got hold of the wrong "yarn?" His "fingerings" were weak. Mr. Bray was testy and Mr. Ward was argu- mentative. Federal Council Bill read a second time by eight votes. The Hon. Henry knows the trick of the pastoralists. A new duty for Mr. Homburg to undertake —stonewalling. Mr. Bray has proved a teaser For the wild- haired Ebenezer. Tomky opposed the opening of a polling place at Renmark. The great anti-Federalist Ebenezer was left in a large minority. Mr. Homburg saying that he scorned ob- struction, obstructed. Ebby finds it is a mistake to come into collision with the Speaker. Ward says he encouraged native industries long before Cone was thought of. Second reading of the Divorce Bill will be taken by the Fossils on Wednesday. The Fossils will have more work than the talkers for the remainder of the session. The Duke of Parawurlie in his tantrums is an unpleasant sort of man to encounter. Mr. Kimber stopped a useless discussion yesterday. For this relief much thanks. What reason has Hop for opposing the Federal Council? Does he understand it? Another legislator obtained leave of absence on the ground of "urgent private business." It was too hot for a row yesterday after- noon or there would have been one safe enough. Stirling is afraid the Minister of Educa- tion will have too much to think about in recess. Big Ben "would not do anything to jeopardise local manufactures." That's right, Benny. The Speaker sat down on the member for Frome, And made him regret he was not quite at home. The truculent Ebenezer poses as a supporter of some colonial industries. Who'd have thought it? Hop wanted to discuss sugar, but Mr. Bray stopped him. Sugar is best discussed at the end of the month. When he feels strongly about a public ques- tion he gets nervous. No one would have credited it, Ebby! What a remarkable acquaintance with swindles and conspiracies Ebby must have. The words are always in his monuth. Mr. Ward equipped himself for yesterday's fray with a volume of English Acts, the stand- ing orders, and an Imperial dictionary. Nothing delights some members so much as to badger the Alphabetical with questions, and to see him mop his fevered brow afterwards. 