A LADTSI^tTEE FROM LONDON. LONDON, FEBRUARY 17. "February fill dyke" is justifying its old name. Snow and frost have possession of London, pnd the accounts from all parts of the country are of the eame weather being prevalent T*bwn is very fall; more so than usual, just,at the beginning of the session of Parliament, and the " movement" is decidedly brisk. The politic&l; atmosphere is troubled, bnt to mere' lookers-xra ij&rt;%ahreya-gin .ftgr vantage, y*8d- the sensible abatement of anxiety acguttiae Uiyopeaii sitnadon makes things much pleasanter; although nobody seems to know exactly the cause or reason of that abatement. Mr. Gladstone has re turned from his trip to Florence in excellent bealth and spirits ; Mr. Morley is quite well again, Lord Randolph Churchill looks a great deal better for hiB not ver? clearly- delined " mission" to iiussia; Lord Charles lJeresford is "ready, aye ready," to explain himself end tackle his opponents: Mr. Farneil is in much .better health than was expected ; Mr. Sexton is convalescent; 4fr. Labouchere lias got over a severe attack of goat just in time to put fill the questions to which he is resol ved to get answers; iu fact, everybody Who is any body .iu a Parliamentary eeme is velUp to the mark, and the session is likely to be as interesting as it is sure to be historically im portant. The condition of the German Crown Prince is reported to your readers as faithfully, or as unfaithfully, as it is to ns-i need only «y that no confidence whatever is felt in the medical reports, which are always contra dictory. The only doctor's opinion which: has been confirmed by the result is that of Dr. Schrotter, the great Viennese physician, who predicted on the 9th November that in .three mouths the operation of tracheotomy ?would be Inevitable, and who has proved right to the exact day. That the operation ; cap only afford relief to the illustrious ofttieat, and save him from suffocation while tbedisease pursues its terrible course to the Meritftble end, is, I fear, only too plain. Tb? deepest with the Crown Princess prewwls. Her health and strength * .'xmt.wonderfully, but she no longer ? a xiore which has been from the site,. The aged Emperor received of «afe performance of the Jitftites after itspompletion; he li^yed BtMP time, but has been ' ' ~J" eVer since. "[Since our "* " ' ftliam has remarkable I,,.,has be bealth Jii®, be 'tone of Always the best informed, and steadily ab stains from the contradictions in which the telegrams to England abound. Anecdotes in which " Fritz" figures are circulating freely ; here is on authentic one. During the siege of Paris, while the Crown Prince was at Versailles, he dined with Prince Bismarck on a erand occasion, and the talk turned at length on the excellence and variety of the dishes served to the guests. Being a very frugal, plain liver himself, as becomes a sol dier on a campaign, the Crown Prince in quired how snch good fare was procured, and remarked that Bismarck and his entourage ! looked remarkably plump and well fed, with ' the exception of one official who had recently i joined the circle. Bismarck informed the 1 Prince without any reserve that the Foreign | Office was constantly in receipt of presents I from sympathising friends, a fact which ac ; counted for the good tare. Apropos of this | wholesome custom of useful presents; " all Paris" is talking of a present, consisting of twenty pounds of caviare of the first quality, wnt by Count Schouvaloff to the German Chancellor the other day before their inter view, and which ia spoken of as caviare de la paix. Any light of romance shed upon a royal life is as interesting as it is rare ; therefore, the marriage of Prince Oscar, the sailor son of the King of Sweden, with Miss Ebba Munck, which is to take place at Bourne mouth very shortly, is attracting a good deal of attention. The young lady is not at ail handsome; there is nothing remarkable about her personal appearance ; she has quiet manners, a pleasant voice, and a steady glance; her face expresses good_sense and kindliness. The Queen of Sweden is much at tached to her daughter that is to be, and the arrangement is in every way deairable and sensible. It is to be hoped.that the example of allowing the younger members of royal families to make marriages of inclination will be generally adopted. Prince Oscar is a fine looking, well-grown young man, of simple manners and good bearing. The strongest opposition to the marriage was attempted by 1 the Danish Royal family-a somewhat un gracious proceeding considering _ how that family has bettered itself by marriage. The Queen of Sweden is now in tolerably good health, but she is obliged to use a stick in walking, and her face bears the traces of the severe illness through which she has passed. Princess Christian is in improved health, and has resumed a portion of her accustomed work It is expected that the first drawing room of the season will be very numerously attended, and some beautiful dresses are in preparation for the occasion. The prevalence of for as a trimming for court trains and petticoats strikes one, also the profuse employment of silver braid and lace on grey silk and satin. Mme. Pontz, of New Bond street, has just made some exquisite dresses for Li&dy; Edmund Talbot, to be worn at the Vice-regal Court in Dublin. One of these is a white satin evening gown, of a " tone" 6uch as I liave never Been out of a picture by Ter bursr, with " robings" of the darkest Russian sable, and bodice trimmings of the same; the latter cross die figure and join the long lines of far at the waist, where they are fastened by large diamond buckles. One sleeve is made of satin, with a loop of sable, over which falls a little tail on the shoulder, the other is made of azophane embroidered in floss silk, and the floating folds are confined on the shoulder by a diamond crescent. A tea-gown of ivory plush with inner sleeves ol satin and square-hanging sleeves of plush lined with sable, the loose front of the dress being formed of old Mechlin lace, ia a work of art I have seen some very pretty trains of white moire, bordered with twisted gold and silver cord. The girdle and tassel ia a revived mode, and gold and silver cord is to be nsed for bouquets instead of the broad ribbons of last season. Madame Isabel (Mrs. Cooper Oakley) has some marvellous hats this week. They re mind me of the hats we have seen on the effigies of King James the First, with their broiui goldbands and buckles. The 'new French President is a decided social success, and11 all Paris" is in high good humour. Entertainment succeeds to enter tainment at the EHysee, and ail are well done. The drama is patronised, the arts "are encouraged, literature is patted on the back; everything is going well tor the present, and M. Grevy is almost as completely forgotten as if " the sharp attorney and Bhrewd peasant" ;(fbr this is the neat phrase in which the late Paesident of the Republic has recently been reckoned up) had never practised hia economies there. The " affaire Wilson," too, has ceased to amuse the world, and GeneralBoulanger is nowhere. Al together Paris is very gay and good humoured. The carnival presented no un iisual features, except the Elysee entertain-; meats. ." # inspecting the - health of " Mr. j Watts "Contie8-4rom Malta*- For some time j after his arrival at the island the-dtstia eruTBhed irtist derived great benefit fromthe change of climate, but be was suddenly attacked by congestion of the brain, and the latest accounts leave no hope ot his recovery. Mr. Watts is one ot the very few artists who have retained their powers in full vigour to the period of old age. His latest works are in all respects equal to those executed in his prime of life. Indeed, I do not think his " Kndymion" is equalled by any of bis former paintings, and the beautiful group of the godde&ses; on Mount Ida has all the charac teristics of his art at its highest mark., I was much struck by the general appreciation of Mr. Watti's pictures by the local visitors to the Manchester Exhibition ; one's hastily formed notion would have been that their [ideality and poetic meaning were "over, the heads " of the working-men in general; .but this waspotso. I observed groups of quiet 'gazerp, whose dress, and accent indicated their condition of life.', closely regarding I the graceful allegories on canvas, in which our great artist has most happily revealed I himself. ThfeGrosvenor Gallery schism has received a.further development in the seces- j sion of Mr, Beck, the clever and popular sec retary, who has been as inseparably identified with tbe exhibitions as Sir Contts Lindeay himself. Mr. Beck has cast in his fortunes with the malcontents, and is to act as secre tary to Hears. Carr and Halld at tbe New; Gallery. He will ;be much missed atthe Grosvenor; hie: information was inex haustibjivand biB courtesy was unfailing. I hear of great activity in.tbeBtudioa. where, I with the exception ©! ihe ipnemEtnorable week of dense tag ia last month, the paintera have been free from tbe pUs?? of. darkness' with which they were afflicted iast year. The < prospects of act will po dpubt improve with the passing awajr of .the t°aK period of de pression. The painters have had to suffer a good deal with the "general,'. and«« tbgy are not all either eo idealistic ;pr j»o rich as Mr. BarneJones.^ho, however, _ likes as Veil as anybody el«? to selljaja pictures fand for. toe very best price},: they bail (he *' looking op" of things with all the gladnesa of ortinBiyWortalaTbe litera tareofarthtslnstt«eidv»da<ralaable wldk tionintbe publication of* onlqbs*4>rkon mlni&tnres;, fayDr, Propert, whose jonmeroBB profession*! would be lioft than .officteafwock tot aottnen start jrt^: found time and energy to produce a History of Miniature Art, wbicb is, I imagine, ao tar as English minatures are concerned, com pletely exhaustive. Its price is, unfortunately, almost prohibitive. The illustrations are done by a new process, invented by Mr. Fleming, of Ealing, which does away with the exaggerations and the hardness of photo graphy. Portraits of the five fathers of the i English Bchool of miniaturists are given in the frontispiece, these are Hans Holbein, I Nicholas Hilliard, the two Olivers, and I Samuel Cooper. Among the most interest ing of the illustrations is the portrait of Henry VI., from the Kind's celebrated Psalter, and that of Alfonso V., of Portugal, from his prayer-book; the latter is one of the finest examples in existence ot Spanish art j Dr. Propert'a own collection ot miniatures is a celebrated one, and there is no famous artist (in England) from Holbein's time who is not represented there. Dr. Propert dis claims complete knowledge of the Trench school of miniature painting, but his book contains some exquisite examples in .fac simile. j _ The Mirliton'a Annual Fine Art Exhibition I is now open at Paris, and is ot unusual merit, i A portrait of Alphonse Karr by lionnat, and two Meissonniets are among its gema. The I snow-white hair, sunburnt face, and bright gleaming grey eyes of the author of Les ! (Snipes and the cleverest amateur horticul turist in existence, are admirably rendered by the master of "realism." Gerome eend« a " Marchand de Tapis au Caire," a subject of which one is ao tired that even Gironae can not make it acceptable. The Meissonniers are very Bmall and exquisitely painted; one is a pasguale playing a mandoline, the other a | young girl, not good looking, and very angular, painted in harsh, cold tones. Cabanel, Cazin, i and Constant are well represented. En ! attendant the salon, this little exhibition is an appetising iors tTceurre of the new drama by Count Tolstoi, " La Puissance des Teniibres," played at the Theatre Libre, which is largely patronised by the new school ot criticism, opinion, and taste, has been eagerly welcomed as an embodiment of the much desired "/ormu-'e nouvelW' -the bitter cry of Paris being for something new ia drama. From all that I have read and beard about it 1 am disposed to believe that it is simply a rery coarse and revolting melodrama, Which is accepted because the names and the localities are Russian, and the diction isu like that of M. Zola's horrible peasants as possible. The present craze for everything Russian explains the success of a piece in wbicb' there is a rapid succession of crimes-including achild murder, perpetrated by the simple expedient of the murderer's putting the supposed infant between two boards and crashing it to death by sitting on the upper one-and a sensational repentance and self- denunciation on the part of the cri minal. Hie tag of the piece seema to be fur nished br the phrasp, Des que la patte s'esl cnylute Voisian est pris." We do not need a ghost or a Tolstoi to tell as that of all " for mulas" |t is the oldest 