FAITH AND WORKS. TO TIIK KlUTOIt OP tllk herald. S.'R,1 havo no desiro toiiitcrferowitli tno mi- citfoiioii that has been going on in tho columns of The IIekald between "Agnostic ium Mr HutchiuRon on tho aursliou of Relisiotf and Morality, for tlioy aro able, nnd willing doubtless, to conduct that fiuht on their own line?, lint ns I tlo not bolievo that a umu is saved by " faith al'me," or 111 tlio crjv of "Only taliuvo and yuu Hhall bo saved, jior in tho theory that moral conduct, meritoriow and coininendablo ns it may Ikl (and is) shall bo considered a all sufiienmb to constituto us worthy of tho full approba tion of God. I would bo pleased with a littlo space in your liberal sheet. , Without reference, therefore, to tho arguments of these gentlemen, I would say a little, however, upon a tbeuio diroctly connected with tho subject of thoir dispute, and that is, aro wo warranted by thu Scripture to assumo that n tijan ran be saved bv "faith nlono," or by sunply and alune, bdioviug that Christ is pur Saviour, and that by accepting that ns A living truth, wo aro thiiii and there saved, freed from sin, mado holy, ami fit for celestial glory? Or, to piri it ill another form, i tho doutrmo of "justifica tion by faith only?" tho doctrine of Clu ist and apostles of old, It is sometime moro needful to defend Christ and hi dootrino from tho assumptions of his professed friends than from tho attacks of his avowed enemies. I for ono cannot ndmit the fairness of the clinrgo that Christianity is answerable for tho various crime committed in its namo by its prufeased adherents in any ago of tho world. To my mind it isa heaven daring presumption for any man. or any clnsa of men, to attempt doing nnylhmg fiirac mitaeof Christ that tboy havo not been commanded by him to do, and wliich fa positively contrary to his plain and positive teachings. That no man can murder, steal, b'o, defraud, misrepresent, prosecjite, or do any maimer of immoral deeds, by virtuo of authority derived from Christ or liin doctrjno (which atuiav \Z Christianity or tho Christian religion must lw evident to any thinking per sort who has read tlio now Testament. And I unhositatiugly deny tho ritrlit of any man to Iny claim to being a Christian who iu worel or deed dciiios tho doctrino of Uliust. And, without entering Into an extensive oxamination of hi teachings, tho eimiihi com mand to "Lovo your enemies " forbids all thought of hatred or ill-will toward them, much U-33 of doing them any moral, temporal, (Kcuninry or physical liana ; therefore, jwrso- cution, lmnislinient, nud imril of lifo and limb, committed in tlio namo of religion, may ta dono by tho spirit of tho devil, but not by thu Spirit of Christ. What ihen is his religion? 1 answer, that of good works. To bo a follower of him is to do as ho did. And lin "went about doing good." As to moral teaching, he not only denounced ndultm-y in tlm net, but' oven 111 thu divire. lie nob only condoimu-d murder, but forbade haired. Ho did not cnnntonmico rosUtauco to ovil, much less ruturning evil for evil, llo required his disciples to do more than others diu ; that is, not only of doing g«K>d to thoso who did good to them, but to do it to all men ; and to thojo even who hated them. Hu commanded them, when thoy mado a feast or a banquet, to not call in their particular friends nnd their relatives, or thoo of their " set " or particular " circle," but tho poor, tho cripple, tho blind, etc. Now, that a man is justified by works, and not by " faith oiUy," iu clearly laugh t by .Tamos, for hu pays, " Yo seo thorn, how that by works a man is justified, and not by faith, only." (Tlio italic nro mine.) Again, liu ask?, " What doth it profit, my brethren, though a man ray ho linth faith, nnd havo not works? Can faith save him ?" Why, yes, of course, say many to day, in various churches, "Only belicvo and you shall bo savod.'1 "Saved just now, thn very moment yon behove, ftc.. &c.;" But without works, we inquire? I" Oh, yes; thoro is no merit in works." But then rejwUance is nrcetsnry, i it not? "Yes, wo cannot bo saved in our rIiis— wo tuu?t riMient." But is it nob a woodwork to repent? 1 thero not any merit in ceasing to do evil, and learning to do well, which is rcpentancons wolf ns is sorrow for bin? But let that bu ns it may, Jesus Christ showed moit clearly that there wa merit in good works, to the oxtent of declaring that, " Whosoever shall give t-> drink unto ono of (lipso little one, a cup of cold wator only in the namo of a disciple, verily I say unto you, lin shall in 110 wine lose his reward." And nlso that thoso who feed, and clothud, and protected, ar.d administered to iu sickuos, ono of tho lcat of his brethren, that it was not only donu unto him, but that thoso who did it, arc to bo called tho " cleaned of my Father," nnd are called hi " t>bcc|>," aud are toinherit tlio "king dom prepared from thu foundation of tho world." Again, ho co.umnndud a certain man to aril nil that ho had, and "distribute uuto tlio >oor," and raid ho should havo "treasure in heaven." Again, Paul onid "For wo must all appear before tho judgment seat of Christ ; that erery one inny receivo tho thing donu in hi tad, according to that ho hnth done, : whether it- i good or bad." And Christ said, "Behold, I como quickly, and niv reward is with mo to give overy man according us his work shall be." tfoso was said to Iiavo refused tho honor of boing. called tho sou i.f I'haroah' daughter, ftc,, kecauso "ho had respect unto tho rucompcnso of the reward." , And finally Paul say that God "will render : to every n.r.n nccortiing to lit deed, to thorn who by patient coutinuauco in well doing souk for glory, honor, immortality, eternal life — " that t?, "otornil life" will he given to thoso who continue patient "in woll doing." Now it is nowhoro raid in tho Scriptures that man canbu or is saved by "faith only," hut it is said that a "man is justified by works and not by faith only." And again that "Faith without works is dead, being alone." But says one, do wo nut read, "Not by work of righteouinoM which v/o linvo done, but according to his incrcy ho saved u." Yo, but why not read the remainder of tho quotation, viz., "by tho washing oi reguueratinn and renewing nf tho Iloly Ghost." This " washing of regeneration " evidently re fers to tho birth of water, or baptism, a Peter says, speaking of tho Ark, etc , "The liko figure wher&unto; oven baptism doth also now savo us," ami Hint is a work. Tho " works of righteousness " that lie refers to nra evidently thoso works which constituted the righteous ness uf the Pharisees, in their own unauthor ised work?, or works of their own devising, but such works a repentance, baptism, and doing good in divers ways which God hus commanded, are not works of our own, but are thu works ot God, or works ordained of God. And the argument supposed to bo found in Paul's say ing, " Therefore, by tho deeds of tlio law, thero shall no flush ta justified iu his sight," 1 not applicable to tho works or deeds required by thuGospcl ; but refers totho various ceremonial observances, or tho deeds dono under thu "Law of Commandments contained iu ordinance#." In tact, tho idea of a man being saved or justified in tho Bight of God by mmply believ ing that ho is saved by tho Blood of Chmt, irrespective of doing God's will, in continuing in well-doing, or doing good, is a fallacy. Tho blood of Christ cleanses a man fr-un sin if he walks in the light— ns God 1 tho light. And, "If we say that wo havo 110 sin, wo deceive ourselves, and tlm truth i not in us." And what ia light > It is truth, intelligence, wisdom, knowledge, etc. "llo that raith ho is iu the light, and hatoth bis brotlu-r, is in darktic, oven until now " mid mnny do that. And many who nro claiming to bo cleansed from nil siuby the blood of Christ, etc., reject many 1 of tho plain toaohings of Christ or Y77 >' tlio light thn, ho cumo Into tho world to lnnko in.mfort. They K>y thero la no virtue 111 lx-Imr b»)iti»cilt for In- stance, and deny that it ban anything to do with roinigHlon of sins, in tho fnco of what Peter taught en tho day of Pcnticost, aud wimt Ananias fold Paul. If ypw ti td! 1 ' them that Jesus said tliat certain signs should follow thoir buhet tboy answer, " O, they are all donn nwny, wo have 116 need uf them to-day. Aud when you Bay that in auciont days tho Holy Ghost was given through tho laving on of litmus, tliov ridiculo tho idea. And so when men read tho Now Tofltamont, and then hear much of tho fondlings of professed Christians, and seo tlio nbsonco uf Scriptural warrant foi much that they tonoh, and also observe tho fniltirn to teach much that tlio former day church believed and practiced, I do not wonder that thoro are Agnostics, or uvoii Attaints in world. But no to tho two classes,!. an Atheist, and one who professes to belicvo in God, and claims to reverence His word, yutjleniea ic tatli in word and net, nnd i, therofoni, a hypocrite, tho lnttor's clinuco of "Salvation' nro tho f liimucH of the two, particularly if tho fortuor is a mural man, " full uf good works," nnd, _ at least follows Clivist to" tho extent of going "about doing good." Tlio religion of Joins Christ presents tho most completo codo of ethics tho world can need. By that, I do not menu so-called orthodoxy, or thn doctrines of mon, which tlicv mistako for tho doctrino of Clu ist, and what lunkt-s void llio law of God by traditions. Tlio troublo is, that many - in telligent, lilxiral- minded men mistake thnso doctrine of men for the doctrine of Christ, and m»ko his religion tho bulb of ridicule bnenusu of this error, whcreis, tboy should read fur tlu»mnulvoB. hii teach ing, mid they would discover that they would have to look far to find n class of people who nro practising tlio Christian ro- iigiun fw.cx|Kiumlod by Jesus of Nazareth, ami by Paul and Peter, and yet they might find it whore least expected. Tho truth i found not iu thu doctrino of salvation by fnirSi only, nor justification bv works only ; but by faith and works. Tno devils be lieve, and doubtless they have a better under standing of (ho mysteries of tho God-head, etc., than most theologian - but, like many ot tho latter, they do not tlio work of God, If moil are savod by faith only how is it that Christ said, "It was eternal litu to know Thou —thu only truo God— mid Jesus Christ, whom lie hath aent ?" Now, faith i not knowledge, fur kuowledgn is greater than faith, it embraces faith nud Ab sorbs ic. and goo far beyond it. llero is whore Asuoticism and Christtanity conflict. Tiio former nwort (nu tlio term mguifius) that God cannot ta known. And licio tlm creeds shako band with it, for (hoy say in plain words that God is iiicomprctansiblo, both tho Father, Thu Bon and tiio jfoly Ghost are incomprehensible, not, however, threo incvimprriicutilbU-x, but onu incomprehensible. Thin is Agnosticism, pure and simple, but I ray that Christianity affirm that God am bo known. ButaGud without body, part, passion, etc., is simply nn incoin- prelunsiblo indeed, and therefore in this lino of thought Agnostics ought not fiml fault with thoir orihod.jx brethren. I do not claim that tho religious world know God, Fur thoy ns a rulo deny thu only way or means by which Ho may ba known, i.e., by direct revelation from Him. Tliis, thoy affirm, is a matter of tho past, liko other oxpL-riunccs nf tho pnmitivo and genuine Christians. But tho point I makoia, that Christianity— I mean tho Christianity of c-ighteon contuiic ago— taught that it wan kuowledgn ami not merely faith that was tho sine qua 71 on of Clmstian character. But I fear tliat I havo trespassed too far already upon your valuable sixteo, and will closo with tho thought that, in my mind, as between nn heterodoxical Agnostic who imitates Christ in good works, and tlio orthodox Agnostic who, with Id agnoticism, chuata his creditors or hi workmen, and who misrepresents liis neighbors doctrine, and slanders hi? character, and who i nvnriciuiiB, covetous, Hclf-iightcou?, proud nnd arrogant, etc., tho professed Ag- nostic is tho better man of tiio two, but neither aro Christian?, 111 tho scrifttural Ron»o of tho term.— Your?, etc., Haxtliigs, 20th May. CHRISTIAN, 