RELIGIOUS AKD PHILANTHROPIC. Anglican Church Syuod. The annual Beaflion of the Anglican Church Synod was opened at St. Peter's Cathedral on Tuesday morning, May 1, when the com munion waa celebrated. There was a laree attendance of clergy and laity. Dean Makbyat, in. the absence of Bishop Eennion, delivered a charge from which we extract the following :— My Reverend Brethren and Brethren of tbe Laity— I propose bringing before your atten tion the subject of 'Constitutional Episco pacy,' or more strictly the ' Internal Consti tution of the Church.' The early colonial Bifhopa were appointed under letters patent, ifisued by the Crown, which professed to confer certain powers, Borne of which were on the face of them absolutely groundless, eg., they declared Trinity . Church in Ade laide the Cathedral Church of the Diocese. The Crown had no power what ever ~ over. Trinity Church or its trustees. Possibly letters patent may have been useful for a time, but there can be no doubt that they brought with them many evils. They served to raise questions both, within and without the Church, from which no good could arise. They tended to put the power of the Crown over that of the Church, and to. assert an authority which could not be enforced. The decision in the case of tile Bishop of Caps Town v. Long forms to my mind the Magna Charta of the colonial clergy. So far as I remember, it laid down the prin ciple that tbe rules of the Church to which obedience could be enforced were Bet forth in the Fi. j ; r-bcok as well as in the trust-deeds of the various Churches. Outside those rules obedience to the Bishop could not b9 enforced under penalty. The main point of interest is what is involved in the title 'Part of the Church of England.' Possibly nothing but a Court of Law can decide many points which may be raised, but so far as we are concerned we have defined the limits of our cormestion by the words of our Declaration, ' The Dioces9 of Adelaide doth maintain the Doctrine and Sacraments of Christ as the Lord hath commanded, and as the said Church of England dotb receive the same, together. with the Book of Common Prayer and of ordering of bishops, priests, and deacons.' Of course even with this limita tion there is plenty of ficqpe for anju iss£t aa to hoar far we are bound bs be ecclesiastical lawB of England and by the cancDS, What 1 would point out is this— that now that letters patent are no longer in existence, the Church _ has full power of acticn beyond thoae limits which ahe has placed upon herself, and that there is no power but that which cornea of and from the Church. It is well that our actual position should be clearly understood. We are now entirely free from letters patent, and' all the present Bishops hold office order the constitution of their respec tive ChurcbeB. The Bishops at home are far more bound by State laws and prece dents than colonial Bishops can be, while in other respects they may be more autocratic. Since Convocation was silenced in 1717, the Bishops sitting, as they do, in the House of Lords, naturally became the only representa tives and mouthpiece of the Church. And as in a living body some one must speak and act, they have had to assume powers which belonged more to the Church than their own special office. Again, very little study will show how ecclesiastical law in England is in a state of confusion. As I have said. Convo cation was silenced since 1717 until a few years ago. Previous to the Reformation the practice if not the law of Church govern ment waB constantly changed as the Crown, the Papacy, or the Church itself gained the upper hand. The history of the Church frem the time of the Conquest to a great extent consists of the struggle for power between the Crows, the Papacy, and tbe Church. We trace the same kind of straggle in the Anglo-Saxon period, when, the Papacy was developing ita full assumptions. But even before the rise of the Papacy, Church govern ment waa not aa free as it fihould be under the influence of Constantino and his successors. We thus go back to tbe Council of Nice before we meet with a free and indeDendent Church. Hence in England questions of Church government are decided by precedent rather than prin ciple. In the colonial Church we are bound to go back to first principles and traoa bo far as we can those principled -which underlie tbe laws of England, but; which, as in the case of tbe cong& -X dire, in tbe election of Bishop, may now be no more than a shadow. In a general way we muBt as a Church follow the analogy afforded by the colony under its con stitution. Hence many things which the late Bishop did and claimed to do under bis letters patent, as distinct from the Church, must now be done witb the approval of Synod ; also possibly many other things which bishops in England practically do from precedents arising during the long silence of Convocation. In this Diocese many matters have been settled by trusts— eg, the Cathedral, St. Barnabas College, the Dean and Chapter (Incorporated), which in other colonial Dioceses have been deter mined by Synod. Some of these trusts have been partially recognised by Synod, but they form no part of its constitution. For the futuie all matters connected with the organization of the Church Bbould be brought before Synod, unless already provided for by SynodiJal regulations or trust-deeds. We have already acted upon the principle that any Act of the English Parliament or of Convocation affecting the Church to .be of force in this Dioceee should be accepted by the Synod. But the principle which I am advocating should extend to all new prayers oi services additional to those of the Prayer bcok if they are of a permanent character. Our Prayer-book waa the work of both Houses of Convocation. So should it be with new services. It should not Lo in the power ot any one man— even a Bishop— to set forth prayers which are not acceptable to the poaBe cf the clergy. I remember that in the early days of Synod the late Bishop need sometimes to eay that it would be his fate to see tbe last of Ephcopacy. Practically I dqdbt whether he gave up a single principle. Still, possibly, he had good cause for anxiety. The experiment of Church government with the voluntary principle waB new to the great mass of Churchmen. Popular viewB of the Church were also most vague. But now fears of that kiud have passed away. Full confidence may be shown in clergy and laity, and the greater confidence shown cannot fail to product greater unity of sentiment and of action. two principles are wanted to do justice to our position— 1. A bold policy suit able to and growing out of our colonial circumstances ; and 2. United action on the part of Bishop, clergy, and laity. We shall never attain our true power bo long as the Bishop, clergy, and laity shrink from bsstiming their proper' responsibility, so loDg as there is a tendencv in Diocesan Sjnods not to face their own difficulties, but to shift them on to the shoulders of the Geneial Synod, while the General Synod lasses them on to Lambeth, while Lim beth can only speak with bated breatb, bound as Lambeth is to the State. Take the question of Church union. Oar late Bishop thought that it could be better discussed in the colonies. So far as he was concerned tbe discussion did nothing to promote the obifcet which he had in view ; but bis judg ment was right in this — that addud to the. difficulties which beset the question in ail lands in England is added that of the, Established Church. What the Churches of Australia, whether separated in Dioc2aes or' united in the General Synod, now want is a. clear definite knowledge of their powers and privileges and ; boldness to make full, nee of them. The Australian 'Church must advance, and cannot ba con tert to' be wagged, as the tail of the JEhteb-: liahed Church. We Have wants anaVre'4uiic, rrients which no State Church, pan supply. Nor in providing for our local wants need we -, witHour limitations jeopardize or even weaken ; in the least degree our connection with the i old well-beloved mother Church, the Church of England. It.tometimea appears to me as ii Borne had a. dread of the living Church. They [ speak aaif the Holy Ghost were no~ longer; given .to the. Church, as a body, as if , the Church of the present day cannot - be trusted. Alas for us if we live in a time when we cinnot r?pect or depend upon guidance from above, and when truth is supposed to lie alone in the long past. Happy ia ths Church, happy is the Bisbop, happy the ckrgy, happy the la?ty wiio with, a lively faith in Gcd have perfect confidence one in the other, for with parted coi ' fJence there must follow, under Christ, thai union, which, whether in Church or in State, is and must be a tower of strength. The Synod met at the Church Office, Leigb-Btrett, in the afternoon, and concluded ts Eeeeion on Thursday. Tbe Yicab-Gknebal read a report on the slate of the Diocese, from which we take the following:— The Cierfcy. — The rnmber of the elsrgy in this Diocese is now sixty-seven. Three na?e been removed by death during tbe yeir, yiz.:— The Rovb. C. G. Taplin, A. Sells, jun., and Edmund Jenkins. In addition to the Bishop there are absent from the colony on leave— Revs. J. M. .Donaldson, Canon Wbifc icgtoa, and Car on French. The iollowin2 clergyman have left the Diocese :— Rev. C. G. E. Ashworth, of St. Augustine's, Port Au gusta, and tbe Rev. EL Mason, of Holy Trinity, Melroee. The Rev. B. C. Stephen son went home with the Bishop. The Northern Teniioiy.— Ju this Mission the Bishop hopes to make some satisfactory arrangement in conjunction with the Prim? It and the Society for tha Propagation of the Gospel, which makes an annual grant of £300 Der annum. If the hones of the progress of that settlement, which have been deferred for so many years, are at length fulfilled, and its resources are duly developed, more interest in it may be excited. At the same time we may be well assured of this, that prosperity and population cannot fail to produce a demand for separation. The ordinations during the year hare been as followp :- Rev. -W. G. Blackmore, Rev. M. Couch Vv »od, Rev. M. WilliamB, Rev. S. S Moncrie ff, Rev, G. E. Young, and Rev. W. Cooke, to the order of priesthood ; Rev. G. S. Bowyer, torthe order of deacon. New Guinea Mission. —The Primate has- stated generally that it was esti mated that £2,000 a year would be re quired for five yeaiB. Of this it -was hoped that Sydney could provide £300, Melbourne £500, and the other Dioceses make up the remaining £1,000. It may be that the call for the New Guinea Mission comes in addition to what we are already doing for the Melanesianor other missions. Diocesan Statistics. — Last year the Bishop pointed out that some of the statistical re turns had been affected by the number of persons who had left the colony. The returns this year are as follows :— 1888. 1887. Communicants ... ? 5,i'S3 . 5,273 Acts of Communion ...» 4D,13a - 40,787 Confirmations ... ... .-. $'*$ 553 Marriages ? .' ... bio ;.-. 356 Baptisms ? .......2,383. '.? 2,638 Chnrchings... ~ .;.-. ??: .v. ,560 ? 549 Burials ..: - .„ :: i .sr- ; 488- ?: 557 Sunday-schools— '^t -;ir-;.r h Teachers.;: ..'.'- -r-^-D 944 ' 916 Scholars .,; ^. -?2_?£UMK* 9,764 OfferiDRS and collections' -is ... £24,049 SittingB in Church .;. 22,583 22,083 SittiPgBlet..... ... ?::., 7,253 6949 The Secretary of Sjnod informs me that there is an evident increase of care on the part of the clergy in making their returns correctly. The following officers were elected:— Standing Committee,— Clergy— The Lord Bishop, the Very Eev.Dean Marryat, M.A., Ven. Archdeacons Morse, M.A., Dove, M- A., Farr, M. A, Revs. J. W. Owen, M.A., Canon Green, Canon Poole, M.A., P. R. P. Dodd, M.A., H. M. Pollitt, Canon Andrews, F. W. Samwell. Laity— Messrs. W. Barlow, LL.D., J. H. Cunningham, J. C. B. MoncriefE, P. flaJcomb, B.A., G. W. Hawkes, C Lyons, E. N. Wigg, W. S. Douglas, E. G. Black more, J. H. Thornley, J. Salmon, D. Gar lick, G. A. Connor, C. H. T. Connor, H. E. Downer, A. Spence. J. C. Wharton. F. W. Pennefathpr. W. Pope, A, Boult, C. IS. & StiaicF.H. Stokes.' Representatives to General Synod.— j ergy —The Very Rev. Dcau Marryat, Rev. Canon Green, Ven. Archdeacon Farr, LL.D., Revs. J. W. Owen, Canon Pools, Canon Andrews, and Canon Howell and Ven. Archdeacon Farr emergencies. Laity— Messrs. J. C. B. Monerieff, G. W. Hawkes, J. H. Cunning ham, C. Lyons, F. Halcombf-J. fl. Thornley, F. W. Ptiinefatber, and W. S. Dougl&a.; Committee of Appeal. — Clergy — Rav. Canon Andrews. Laity — Messrs. W. Bar low, LL.D., and E. G. Blackmore. ABseBBors. — Clergy— Revs. Canon Green, J. W. Owen, Canon Poole, Canon Andrews, H. M. Pollitt, Canon Howell. Laity— Messrs F. Halcomb, J. C. B. Moncriett, E. G. Black more, J. H. Cunningham, G. W. Hawkes, C. LyonB. ' Auditors,— Messrs. J. H. Cunningham and Cf Lyons. Treasurers.— Messrs. G. W. Hawkes and W. S. Douglas. , Genekal Assembly of the Presbyterian Church. ;, ',] { _ ._ . ? The annual meetings of the Generaf. -As- sembly of the Presbyterian Church of South Australia, Incorporated, were duly opened in the Flinders-street Church, Adelaide, on Tuesday, May 1, and the sittings closed on Thursday. ? ? ' i - . Upon the report frcm the committee ap pointed to nominate the Moderator of the Assembly for 1888-9 the Rev. W. F. Main moved— 'That tbe Rev. Dr. Paton be now elected and asked to take the chair of this Assembly.' The Rev. A. Law seconded, and it was unanimously agreed. After thanking the brethren for the honour conferred upon him, the newly elected Moderator delivered an able address on the constitution and functions of the Church. | J Messrs. J. H. D. Davison and G. M. Henderson were appointed the Auditors of tlie Assembly. The Rev. J. Lyall moved the motion of which he had given notice, with an addition that was allowed by * the Assembly. The motion was as follows :— '2 hat this Assembly, recognising the great importance of the issues involved in the ques tion of the powers of the Federal Assembly's Board of Mibaicns, and especially in view of the declinature of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of Victoria to accede to the decision of the Federal Assembly on the subject, is of opinion that that Board should for the present occupy the position of a Board of Arbitration and Advice, on the under standing that the heathen mission operations of the federated Churches are eventually to be placed under the supervision and direction of the Federal Assembly, in accordance with clause 10 of the formulated basis of federation already approved by this Church.' The Rev. R. Mitchkll seconded. Agreed. The Australasian VVesleyan Mkthodist Chtjrch. — The fifth triennial General Con ference of the Australasian Wesleyan Me thodist Church in Wesley Church, Mel bourne, is watched with great interest. The majority of the delegates appointed to represent the South Australian Conference have left for Mtlbourne, the delegates being the President (the Rev. James Haslam), the Secretary (the Rev. O. S. Wylie), the Reva. S. Knight, H. T. Burgess, R. M. Hunter,. J. Y. Simpson, C. T. Newman, J. Nicholson, R. S. Casely, and T. Lloyd, the Hen. A. Catt, M.P. (Comtnis sioter of Public Works), and -Messrs. D. Nock, W. Lock, J. Mitchell, W. Shierlaw, and J. P. Swann. Four other delegates were appointed, but they wtl1 probably be unable to go. The business t,; 'be Conference ia legislative, principally on the basis of recom mendations from the anneal Conferences. Some important business ia to be brought forward. Test of membership will be one of the foremost questions, whilst the Tonga difficulty, New Zealand separation, 'and miBEion work in the South SeaB will be re viewed. The advisability of altering tbe constitution of the annual Conference so at- to eDable the lay representatives to vote witb the ministers in the election of Presi dent and Secretary will also be referred to. Tbe subject of Methodist Union is also to be reported on and discussed, but the consensus of opinion is that the question is not yet ar.SJciently ripe to legislate upon. A recom mendation of local interest is that bearing on uhe desirability of altering the boundaries of the South Australian Conference 83 aa to include the mineral district of tbe Barrier Ehneep, which legally belongs to New South lA'nli.o 