THE CONTRIBUTOR. NOTES NOW AND THEN. Bt J. M. ON THE LEADS. At ordinary times I can maintain my wonted attitude towards labour, and can wonder why men should choose to toil for that which Batisfieth not, and live such poor lives in order that they may be rich. While things are going on in their customary courses I can eye the man of action with pity, and say to him with Attar, the Moslem saint:-"Come, I will show thee what the world is like. It is like a phantom which a man sees in his sleep, and when he awakes no profit remains to him of bis sweet illu sion. So when death awakens us from this dream of lite we carry away with us nothing of the good things we have enjoyed in this world." I can warn him, in the words of the Wanderer, in the Earthly Paradise, that for him, even as for the slothful man, there is a gate of exit called death " Within whose dude the ghosts of dead hopes wait To call upon him, as he draws anear, Despoiled, done, and dull with many a fear. ' Where is thy work ? How little hast thou done ! Where are thy friends ? why art thou so alone?'" But on a day like Wednesday, the 1st of August, I feel that such musings are an im f>ertinence, and my wonted attitude towards abour is chided by everything around me ; for the triumph of labour is proclaimed by the thousands who throng the streets, and waved by the flags from the high places, and thandered by the guns of the artillerymen, and incarnated, so to speak, under the lofty dome, where the harvest of the nations has been garnered. On such a day I feel inclined to slink, like the bats and the owls, to a solitary place, and doze till the day is done, and it is through lack of a better retreat that I find myself about 11 o'clock "on the leads" which overlook Collins-street 1 bad hoped to be alone, and I groaned in spirit when I found that others had choBen the same place as a vantage fround from whence to view the show, [ad I been the only occupant of the " leads" I might have taken shelter behind a friendly chimney-stack, and have tarried till the even tide, unseeing and nnseen. But I find Potts and Tommy Spex there, with other " slaves of the lamp," besides some fiendish boys who make my brain reel as they while away the time by walking on the parapet or "doing Blondin" on the roof-ridge. The pressmen, as in duty bound, are not enthu siastic about the Exhibition. If the trnth be told, a pressman's life is not a happy one, for it early forces npon him a mean opinion of the world and its doings, and a feeling tiiat the bloom has been rubbed off everything. So we laugh grimly when Tommy Spex Bays " I had old Nobbs the other da v. He's being doine the Exhibition Notes for *The Growler,' you know ; and for the last three months the Exhibition has been the breath of bis nostrils, and be thinks it Bhould be the breath of everybody else's. Well, when the old humbug asked me what I thought about the quarrel between the Chief Justice and the Exhibi tion ceremonial committee I said, ' Don't be trivial, Nobbs,nor mysterious, and tell me what Chief Justice and what Exhibition committee.' When he bad half finished the word ' Centennial' he changed his mind and went away using most awful language-fit to make your hair stand on end." Surrounded by the satirical Spex and his confreres, I deem it inadvisable to retire behind a chimney-stack, and take my stand at the parapet with the rest To the man who is inclined to take gloomy views of things I would strongly recommend a course of treatment uon the leads." You are for the time being raised above the noise and turmoil of the street, above your rivals and detractors, even above your superiors. There is to be found on the roofs of onr houses an upper world of calm and Bolitude, where the spirit is soothed into forgetfulness of its sorrows, an urban Olympus from' I which, like the Rods of old, one can look flown upon the " ironic procession " below, and listen while "News from the humming city oomes to It In sound of funeral or marriage bells." Placed so, we can feel that we have no part or lot in the street below, and can view with supreme equanimity the struggles of the surging mass through which the Exhi bition procession is painfully threading its way. I suppose there are in this one street at 11 "in the forenoon of this 1st day of August orer 100,000 per sons, who are testifying by their presence that my life's philosophy of laissez-faire is a sham, and that he who labours best prays beat. I am too late to see the procession of , the trades, but there are thousands of stal wart artisanB with their wives and children in the crowd below me nevertheless. There . are also young men and maidens, who will be husbands and wives anon; there are boys, who are perched on trees and lamp-posts.and on every other place where it is dangerous for 1 a boy to be ; and there are youths, who seize ! the opportunity to huetle the people in front of them, and " bonnet" persons of inoffensive ' and amiable aspect. There are, as usual, women with babies in their arms, and when the policemen back their huge horses into the crowd when it encroaches on the line of route their shrill 6hrieks rend the air. But, on the whole, it is a well-dressed, well-fed, ' prosperous crowd, and its murmur, as it comes up to us over the parapet, is as the voice of a good tempered giant at his pastime. ' The air "on the leads" bites shrewdly, . however, and at 11 of the clock an j opinion becomes prevalent that the man who has come up provided with a whisky ' flask deserves well of his country. No such 1 benefactor is present, however, and we can only hug our alsters more cloBely and affect an indifference to malt and spirituous liquorB to which we are utter strangers. It is perhaps through the bitterness of dis appointed hopes, therefore, that I am in- . clined to be satirical upon the tail end of the trades procession. The banner of the United Masons on ordinary occasions fills me with genuine admiration, but now I want to know the significance of the group representing a young mason chipping a slab of freestone, a contractor taking notes in a pocketbook. and an old gentleman in a frock coat and white trousers lying asleep at their feet. Even the banner of Brickfields, with its Btalwart followers, awakens in me no tender memories, and 1 notice with satisfaction that the tobacconists' trophy, and the sea men, with the lifeboat's crew, have drifted out of the main current into a backwater alongside the Coffee Palace, where they stay till the pageant is nearly over. Two Chinamen next appear, walking down the centre of the open space, but they have no part in the day, and are hailed with shots of mocking laughter, as they shamble along in fear and trembling. But no violence is offered to them, for, as I said before, the giant below is good tempered, and inclined to regard even Chinamen benevolently. The strainB of a military band now fill the air, and there marches past, steady as a wall, and grimly warlike in their dnrk uniforms, the rillemen of Ballarat. They are sturdy, staunch, sinewy fellows, and make a brave show as they tramp past, amid the cheers of the populace. But a sight to be remembered is the departure of the " Recorder," with the Mayor and councillors in their official robes, from the Town-hall. As carriage after car riage drives off the crowd cheers lustily, and, when the Town-hall door closes with a bang after the last batch has departed, 1 for one feel that the edifice has been emptied of all that makes it significant and imposing, and that the people at the windows are only bo many dummies and "dead heads," 1 have placed the Recorder first, because he is the most august and awful figure in this por tion of the spectacle. Though the Mayor takes off his cocked hat at intervals to acknowledge the cheers of the multitude, 1 feel it is really the man in the wig, the Kqo et rex mens, who is the hero of the moment. Coming after the Recorder and his suite it is natural that the Castlemaine and Sandhurst volunteers, though clothed in scarlet, do not excite the admiration they deserve, but it must be remembered that peace bath her victories as well as war. After the men in red have filed up the street a hitch occurs, and for nearly an hour the living panorama is arrested in its onward course. To the west, as far as Queen-street,banners and standards are seen, and at the Elizabeth- street corner a large patch of white lights up the prevailing black of the crowd like a collection of plumed hearses. But they come no nearer, and for nearly an hour mounted troopers come and go, the crowd closes on the open centre-space and is driven back again, and women and children shriek in the press as if they were all parts of a wild dream. After a space the boom of artillery comes from Government house, and presently a wedge of buff glides swiftly between the dense mass of black which stretches away to Spencer-street In another minute the vice-regalities rattle past us, escorted by the mounted infantry, who look in their picturesque garb like fol lower* of Gotz von Berlichingen or banditti out of Schiller's "Robbers." A gallant array, truly, are these pro-consuls and their follow ing, and fitted to make the most thoughtless ponder on the world-wide empire of which we form a part, and the future awaiting the British race under the Southern Cross. After the Governors have gone, the pano rama is again set in motion, and there pass us by the thousand to the music of fife and drum Oddfellows and " Noble Grands," St. Patrick's Society men in green, Good Tem plars, male and female, wearing richly jewelled horse-collars; Orangemen, preceded by their banner, on which sword, crown, and Bible are emblazoned; firemen with liower adorned reels in numbers sufficient to put out all the fires of the universe. The crowd is dense everywhere, but is most " congested"! at the Swanston-street crossing. Here, also, | the big policemen muster in force, and they throw themselves against the dense black mass in vain to keep the passage clear. The rear of the procession mingles with the crowd for nearly q chain, and it filters its way pain fully through, till with disarranged gear and broken array it struggles up past the Town* hall, and again forms into the semblance of order. 'Tis nearly 1 o'clock when the Druids flit past us like a troupe of sheeted ghosts, and the lifeboat crew and the tobacconists trophy-laden wain are pulled out of the back water to close up the rear. Rain is falling, and the clouds are gathering, as we descend from the leads, and we hear in the distance the thunder of the guns, which tell that the Centennial Exhibition of 1888 has been thrown open to the world. That the lowering clouds and the drifting rain be not ominous, but that the Centennial Exhibition may be as successful as the most sanguine of its promoters expect, is (he honest hope of the writer. As protectionists, the workmen of Victoria should frown upon International Exhibitions, but men are generally better than their creeds, thank heaven, and therefore they can welcome their brethren \from all parts of the earth in friendly jrtvalry, in spite of their economic opinions Many yean ago Carlyle penned this famous passage:-" Venerable to me the bard band-crooked, coarse-wherein, notwithstanding, lies a canning virtue inde feasibly royal, as of the sceptre of this planet* .... Hardly entreated brother! For us was tby back bo bent; for as were thy straight limbs and fingers so deformed ; thou wert our conscript, on whom the lot fell, and fighting our battles wert so marred. For in thee too lay a God-created form, but it was not to be unfolded ; encrusted mast it stand with the thick adhesions and defacements oE labonr, and thy body was not to know free dom." Carlyle wrote in the bad old times, when protection was " the eettled policy of the country" in England, and when there was only too much of truth in Sheliey'd bitter lines Many faint with toil. That few may know the oares and woe of sloth.* But in this favoured land labour is king and tears no oppressor. Rather does it need to be remindea of Compte's wise words, " Pro gress can only arise oat of the development of order." The time mny come, but, alas ! it is not now, when the words of a large-hearted Christian worker like Charles Kingsley will not be as though of one crying in the wilder ness to ears that are closed " Do what thou dost as if the earth were heaven.v And that thy last day were the judgment day." Working in this spirit, we should find the old fend between capital and labour vanish ing like a spectre at the day-dawn. The " sweater" who now grinds the face of the poor that he may be rich would learn to be just and merciful, and Labonr would not, in ure wantonness of power, and with light eart, throw the whole framework of society out of gear by strikes like that which now menaces the mother colony across the border. 