Ghost Scare at Castle Hill. SEARCH PARTIES ORGANISED. NOT LAID YET. Foil a short time since intense excitement has prevailed at Castle Hill throngh the appearance in the district of an alleged ghost. The present festive season, with all the legends of spiritualistic manifestations appertaining to it, haB lent its aid to the scare, and the principal topic of conversation at Castle Hill has been that of the supposed ghostly visitation. The following incidents, recorded by our reporter, who has viBited the scene, will be of interest, and enable the public to decide in their own minds whether the supposed apparition is a reality or merely a hallucination. On the 2nd December last, a company of five engineers, with their cook, pitched their camp just on the border of Castle Hill and Duralin an uncleared paddock belonging to Mr. Curtis, but generally known as "Ancy's paddock." This property formerly belonged to a Mrs. Blackall, regarding whose family somq 20 years ago Btrange rumours were afloat; indeed, it was popularly believed that Blackall decapitated his wife, and flung the carcase into a creek running through the paddock. This story, however, nas since proved unworthy of credence, as Mrs. Blackall was Been in the flesh by an old resident of Castle Hill less than five years ago. But it is not generally known that Mrs. Blackall had thuB been " resurrected," so the Btory still holdB good, and is UBed as useful food in connection with the present event. On the night the camp waB pitched strange noises were heard in the dense bush around; but they were taken as nothing out of the ordinary, as there are two or three homesteads within easy distance, so that there was every opportunity for animals to stray in the direction of .the camps. Moreover, native bears are by no means strangers to that part, besides other nootumal prowlers such as wallabies, barracoota, and the like, who may at any time be about. The camp is pitched in a very picturesque dell. As a background there rises a lofty hill covered with bush trees and foliage of every description. In the foreground runs a creek abounding in many excellent varieties of the fein species. Steps have been cut down the bank, so that the inmates of the camp may easily procure water from a deep hole which just here reoeives a large body of water. For a long time past this hole, which is four or five feet deep, has been utilised, by the rising generation as a bathing plaoe, it always being full, whether a drought prevails or not. On account of this hole the story told concerning Mrs. Blackall suggests that, had she been hurried away from this world, her body would have been deposited in this rocky cavity. Dnring the present moon the camp presents a somewhat ghastly appearanoe. Luna, striking through the forest timber, casts a somewhat eulphuretic sheen upon tile white canvas, and glints off on to the silvery waters of the oreek, oreating many forms and shapes upon the rippling stream. To one naturally inclined to call up phantasmagoria in hiB mind, a more suitable nook would perhaps be hard to find. So it happened a few days ago that Mr. Ernest BarneB, one of the surveyors, was placidly standing afront of the camp fire, about 10 o'olook in the evening, when he suddenly exclaimed to the cook, "There it is!" and pointed along a track leading parallel with the the creek. " Oh! it's there, is it P Then I'll soon find it," exolaimed the cook, and the man of saucepans darted off in the direction indicated. His mission was, however, fruitless. Mr. Barnes afterwards Btated that he had seen a ghost, and stories have been since circulated that the being assumed the appearance, first of a dog dressed in velvet and with a pair of diamonds for eyes; and, seoondly, as a headless female with bare breasts. Naturally, the matter soon became circulated, and, whether credence was attaohed to the story or not, two or three large search parties were formed, the members of which postied themselves in various places in the immediate vicinity; but up to the present no result has accrued from their investigation. The inmates of the camp, one and all, have heard strange sounds in the bush on several occasions ; these noises having been put down to some stray bullock, horse, or other animal; but, with the exception of Mr. Barnes, no ;one haB beheld this unearthly nooturnal visitant. However, the neighbouring folk do not appear to reliBh a *~ : rit being in their district, and are determined, there is such' a thing, to sift the matter to the bottom. Another party is to meet on Thursday (to-morrow) nigbt, when a large gathering is anticipated to soour the place; but it is to be feared that, unless Mr. Barnes can be convinoed that he has been suffering under a temporary hallucination, no other praotioal results will ensue from this seven days' wonder. A correspondent writes from. CaBtle Hill; —Last Thursday night the Railway Survey Camp (near Dural) was taken by surprise. About twenty men came from all parts of the distriot to see the ghost of old Mrs. Blaokall, who, it is said, was missed a number of years ago from this particular spot (where the camp is pitched) and has never been heard of since. Notwithstanding the wild night it turned out to be, these brave men, armed with revolvers and rifles, determined to solve the mysteiy, as it has been rumoured that the ghost has been seen lately by some of the survey party. After one or two -false alarms some asserted they either saw something or thought they did; the remainder declaring it was all bunkum and that there was no ghost at all. Nevertheless, it vras : quite noticeable how anxious enquiries were made as to ''who is going my way home f" and " No; I'll wait for you." There is to be another search party shortly, as on the last occasion, the weather be. ing wet, her ghostship^did not care about a ducking. A BOAT RAOB, one mile, in dingies, has been arranged to take place on the Berowra Oreek on Saturday next, for £2 a-side, between W, Newland and W. Jay, both of Oastle Hill. The former has been backed at 2 to 1 and 6 to 2. THB Fawn CEOFB in the Castle Hill district are slight, a great deal having been spoiled by the heavy rains of last week. What fruit has found its way to market has secured good prices. Castle Hill people have "got 'em again." Ghost or indigestion P 