A RUSSIAN GHOST ! ! STORY. i ; When the Winter Palace was finished the! Empress appointed a. day for taking possessionUî it ; and the elite of the guards, arid a corps which was composed entirely of noblemen,'"guarded the new ca«,tle. A! long, dark corridor led to the white or jhrone-room. In the corridor tffii youii" noblemen were It was approaching ten o'clock and tin.' arrival of the empr< =s was momentarily expected. Suddenly the attention of the young men were attracted by a bri^lit streak light which seemed to glide between them m the! dark passage. Their eyes followed the: light. :iud they saw that it streamed through the keyhole of the throne-room. Who could have any business at such an unusual hour in 'a room which was designated only for the reception of foreign ambassadors ? One of tlie voumj men considered it his duty to investigate the matter, an Î'approached the door for that purpose, b it as soon as he had glanced through il e keyhole he called to his com- panuiu in a. whisper to conv nearer, ' jl'lie ' nprcss has already arrived.* whispered he ; 1 slh' is seated on the ihrcine, direetiv opposite to the door." Theothk also looked through the aperture and soon verified this to be a fact. The; empress was seated in tranquil dignity onj an elevated goldeii stool under the ted relvet canopy, richly adorned with the imperial arms of Russia, a double eagl e. The room was brilliantly lighted : but impossible to ascertain if any other'persons were present, as the. thickues-j of til ' door-lock allowed no side-view of tjlie apartment. The young, men re- j lunied to! their posts and waited. Xoi Jong alter one of higher .«flicers ap- ]>eaije.d and said.— ' ffou can a]J novr retire : the <-ujpre.-.-> w'! 1 |ii<>t come to-ui.elit.' • Dut her majesty is aliva.lv lu.r<:-.' "* What ? Who ?' ' tier iiiaiesty is iu the throne-room.' • tmposHÎIiIe !' ' |\".m <'au see for yourseliV Tihe ofiiicer looked, ami iinmediafeïy recoiiijijced îlie emjiress, anil said w<Mnh"-ri'sjiiy. j . • |. canrilil undersiaiid what the marshal means. llle has Just arrived; and ordered ihaç till tiîie «ruards wiilidrawn ; the eiiijiress ha-ciianyed JUT mind, and will not jarrive to-night. Xevert,hele>g. I see 1 ]i:tll she " here. Could shi; have oomt s-créilv At. :iii events I will ascertain wliàit new lorder tiie niarsliaî !ias issued. Meanwhile ilo you rem;,in here as the empress may pass this way.' ljlie m rshal. l'rince lv unit in, was iortunatel in the palace, and as soon as he lleard o the nivsterkui- report husteii. d to the corridor, and peqml in liis turn tlirojlgll ti e keyhole. My Uid, it i- the empress ! Her muiestv herself ! What can it. mean ?' pxelikimed he. ' How cau this be por sihle, when I Iraye just left her presence .She . was jdressejl in her eVery-day altire, and 1 «ee her in her own royal robes ami jewels. T here ÎIÏUK some mystery behind this. Letiall entrances of the throne-room be guarded ! Let 110 one jro 111 or out î 1 will jhasten to report at once.' The distance between the two houses being quite short, the marshal soon reached the small plecj*, temporarily occupied by tiie empress. • Where}is the empress ?" • In her Isleejiing apartment/ Tjhe prince looked at the lady of honor with suspicion, aud said sharply.— ' Are you .sure that- the empress is here ?' ' Of course : she is preparing ro retire." In a few minutes Prinee lvuratin, much excited, wajs conducted into (he empress' chamber. jThc empress stood he fore liim in niglit negligee. lvuratiu turued pal.-. ' Well,' said the empress, ' you look as if yjiu had seen a ghosr. 'What in Heaven's - name is tlie matter wir.h you ; Is tiiere.âny news froin the army ?" . îîuratin [hurriedly related what he had semi ' It is a knavish trick,' cried Elizabeth..: We will take a nearer look :n these tinned iajjs. j I will go in your sleigli, Kuràtin : vou can mount behind. Hurry.' j Arrived at Winter Palace, the cantellan was Ordered io bring the key of the throne rooni : six grenadiers were commanded to load liheir guus, and led by the empress the liittle tiioop betook themselves to the corridor. i The lighjr shoné as l>efore through the key ,'hole. ] The. door was! cautiously reopened ançl a flood of light filled the corridor. The empress stepped within the room followed by her guapds who placed theniselves round lier. . The room was brilljantlv illuminated, but empty. On the throne iras seated a shape, the counterpart! of Elizabeth, arrayed in purple and ermine, covered with diamonds, and crooned with the royal diadem. One instant Elizabeth gazed steadfastly at her double, then moved forward a few steps. Situjiîtaneously the apparlion atood up, stepped dowirfrom the throne, -and then remained standing-as immovable still as the fempres.k It was a thrilling -moment ! f Fire ! pried the empress. Tpie gaardB raised their guns and all six aimed direclly at thé ghostly visitant. Thflip triggers snapped.. At the sanie instant the figure- clapped its hands together, And the room jnraB .suddenly plunged into intense] darkness, then followed a great commotion land confusion, white:the empress called— ' Bring 1.gilts.' j irere BDeedily rrodueed. and •h co!rner wa thoroughly searched, ut absolutely ijothingi was found to •lucidate the mi stery. 1 Every door was oiflcd and guat ded. The guards had n li'o me leave the place. The empress or leivd n more thorough search to be ide, luit in va: were all efforts made to dijscovcr j the per letrator of the trick, if tr ck it \vcre. The occurrence made n deeper impression on Elizabeth than the would admit, K «hi weeks aite -wards she died. 