WHAT DOES IT MEAN AGAIN ? It would soem Hint tho speech nmuo by !Lord Salisbury, In tho liouso of Lords, on Thursday lust, tins made a favorable impression on tho Continent, followed us it was by an nssuranco m tho Commons front Sir James Forgusson, tho Under- Secretary for Foroign A Hairs, to tho oHhct that ITcr Majesty's Government was not pledged to render military assis tance to any of tho Europeans Powors in tho ovont of war breaking out. But, ns wo pointed out on Saturday, Lord Salis bury's faith in the pacltic out look would appear to bo founded on " assur ances " from lUissia that she would bo no party to any illegal interference with Bulearia, drc., Ac. History has taught tho world how much Russian " assur ances " may bo relied upon, and tho Ozar's idea of "legality" may possibly bo very difl'oront to thoso of tho othor Powors who wore partios to tho Treaty of Boriin. Moreover, tho assistanco that can bo givon by Great Britain to any Continental Powor may not necessarily bo of a " military nature." Tho tortn quoted has a restrictive as well as a gcnornl sense, nnd ono of tho leading nowspapors in Vionna states emphatically that Great Britain has positively entored into a dotinito agreement with tho nowly allied Powers of Central Europo to dofend with her floot tho coasts of Austria and Italy against attacks by Russia and Franco. Thercforo, in policy, as in racing, ono never can toll until tho num bers aro up. Thero was a good deal of " sudden surpriso" with referonco to tho Crimean "War. Great Britain liorsolf has been caught napping half-a-dozen times In tho courso of her history. Tho ghost of Louis XIV. might toll us how Strasburg was originally takon by tho Froneh. Thoro were pacific assurances innumer able In 1870 ; and yot within a few weeks after thoso utterances were de livered the streets of Paris wcro echoing with shouts of U.A Berlin /" and tho Gor man troops wcro ready massed to turn what was oxpcctod to bo a promonado into ono of tho most crushing dofoats of modorn times. Matters in tho East wore boliovod by cavalry Bubnlterns to bo "very grcegy" for months boforo tho Aram business; but tho actual war broko out almost promiscuously. Prince Bis marck's language to tho Reichstag is almost childlike and bland in its hopeful ness as to peace, and yot military pro- ?nratlons proceed with ronowed vigor, 'ho Czar may professedly bo filling tho calumet of peaco ready for Bmoking, but his troops aro novortholess still massing on tho frontier ; while oven from England comes tho intelligence that tho Secretary of War is hurrying on as fast as he can a Bchemo for mobilising tho ontiro military forco of GreatBritain In forty-eight hours, a rapidity of movement which is eorlainly very much above tho published expecta tions of tho exporionccd military authori ties who havo recently writton on the sub ject. As for Great Britain boing mixed up in a secret treaty, thero would bo no wonder in that. Secret treaties havo oxistod evorsinco diplomacy was started, ana will probably continue to do so, even nftcrtho establishment of that international tri bunal for conciliatory settlomont advo cated by tho Peace- at-nny-prico party. Treasons havo also existed, and thercforo tho rumor maybe correct, that a British officer has been arrested on a charge of divulging sccrots conuectcd with recent oxperimcnLs in ballooning. Such mon, unfortunately, exist in all countries. "Wo can only hope that thero aro fow in Great Britain, for, say what diplomatists will, tho horizon is very cloudy, and who can toll what time tho surcharged electricity may burst into flnmo? 