OUR NOVEL* THE LAJDIES' GALLERY. A NOVEL. BY JUSTIN MCCARTHY, M.P \- AND MRS. CAMPBELL PRAED. CHAPTER 1. 'COOEE!' A low, hoarse cry for help went out, so strained.so guttural and iuhumau in souud,' that it blended naturally with the wild howling of the diugoes in the scrub, aud became indistinguishable from it iu the ears of the oue white man who might hare sent au answering call. lt was night iu the Australian bush. CouldJ0fe^>ue man's eyes have pierced the maze of guin-treos and the dense wall ' of vine scrub, they would have discovered no faintest sign of humanity within the horizon circle.' , Forward in the dim dis- tance, stretched' tho trackless arid waste, with its aisles and vistas of mottled euca- lyptus stems and its mysterious network of shadows all faint and blurred,'so that a little way of f it was impossible to tell which was form and which wiä shadow.. Behind and to the right that ,'low dark wall abutting in curves aud angles and showing a gentle upward slant, behind which the watcher knew, lay the. range of mountains dividing tho coast track ; from tho, iu this northern region, nuex- ? plored interior ; and,,beyond tue mount- : taiuaylirere lay-pthe uuknown, the possi- ble. * v« ,'. ? r In all this vast solitude there was but one tiny camp-fire, lt was more lonely ? than the desert, niora desolate than the ocean." Northward was the . wilderness, peopled only by Myall (savage) blacks. Southward, the last shepherd's'hut, the ." last outlying cattle statiou, had beeu long left behind. . Straight overhead, iu the dark. clear blue, Orion stioue; and there was Aldebaran-the glittering A--and, lower ' down, the curve of the Scorpion and the brilliant pointers of the Southern Cross. Close rouud the watcher rose the sparse' forest of taüíauky tree-trnuks, some white aud scaly .and spectral looking, others rough aha brown, with the red ' gam ooz- ing from their almost leafless branches, and dropping in stalactites which, catching the flickering glow of the fire, had the appearance of congealed bio jd. A young moon, slowly mountiug from the west, threw all those fantastic shadows ou the parched ground, bare except for stunted ' tussocks . of rauk grass, and scattered'twigs and fallen logs. A clump of the curious grass-tree, which only grows, in- barren country, stood Hear, looking like a group of sentries. Their thick; rough stems bulged out at the middle, aud «ach supported a juggled £lome, from the centre of which a great rown spear rose to the height of four or five feet. Two or three gigantic ant- heaps of pale brown clay, behind which a mau standing, erect could almost have hidden, gave an odd ghostly touch to the wild scene. A rolling ridge .sloped very gently down to the immense plain ; and it was the «rest of the rid>*e that was irregularly outlined by the dense scrub of vine and brigalow, from which came the unearthly wail of the dingoes, or native dogs, rising in ferocious crescendo, and dying down in melancholy dissonance-a sound that might well strike terror into the heart of a lonely traveller. But JRichard Ransom was used to campittgout, and the howl of the native dogs Had been for many years a frequent accompaniment to his dreams. He was glad to tiearjhesound of the dingoss. lt pnt hope into his heart, for it told him thad thens must bc a water-hole or a creek somewhere, at no very great distance. It waa a waking dream in which he was indulging now, as lie sat smoking bis pipe, with his back against a young gum- tree. He watched the fire eat slowly into the heart of the big iron-bark log. He had fej&pretty; safe in lighting a fire to night-4t was the first time for several days ; but foi? same time he Had sean no signs of natives lurking about, The log might bupn. all night, and so be might j save his supply of matches. He had j eaten his evening meal-n=damper «nd a hard junk of wallabi flesh, the remains of which lay on a pieee of freshly skinned bark beBide him. His billy ot tea, barely quarter full, for the store of water had been, hoarded in these last days, was warming, not wasting itself simmering, just outside the embers. His gun lay within reach; and ho had arranged a bed with his blankets, InVswag for a pillow, and his saddle tilted to form a .bolster. The hobbles of his two horses clanked with a monotonous souiid,. as the beasts browsed on the dry grass at the foot of the ridge, uttering every now and then a piteous kind of whinny, as if they were ill-satisfied with 1 heir fare. Richard Ransom was thinking that he had gone two dars now without finding any water, aud that the ridge upon which Jip ||ad como that fivoning ^fli ft hopeful sign, and that if he followed it he must strike upon a gulley which would lead to some watercourse. At any rate, he had got away from the dreary plains, and if his horses only held out, lie must soaa get into the mountains and be out of danger of deatli by thirst. There were certain indications that mide him believe he was nearing his El D.irado. - For he had the gold fever upon him, this man. He had come in search of his El Dorad), and ho meant to reach it or die in the attempt. His. two mates, contented with a claim nearer civilization which promised a moderate yield of gold, had dropped oif from him, but he had pushed ou. El Dorado was flirt nor yet. There was a legend brought down by the blacks, and handed on from oue white man to another, that gold was to be found iu great quan- tities hi a certain spot iii the unexplored country beyond the plains audx across tho Binbian Mountains. . Giild had been found on the other side of a spur of hills leading fwin the great range a little further south, aud this was accepted as the foundation of the legend. But Ransom believed otherwise. Thoie hills were not the Binbian Af ouutaius ; it was the Binbian Mouutain* that he had bouud himself to cross. He seemed te see his goal ahead. To- morrow he felt coiiain that hesoald come upon water. Ho waa not afraid of thc blácks whom he might, expect to fall in with wheu he Iud left behind these saudy, sun baked plains. He had his gun and his revolver and plenty of ammuuitioii; and he knew their roys, and had no in teutiou o' Itt iug thom stalk his camp and spear him sleeping. Oh, if he had but a good mate to aliare the watch, or even a black tracker from the more civilizad south upon whom he could depend as a scout ! ?Still perhaps in mauy respects ha was better alono, grautiug the risks of fever, -want of water, attacks forom hostile natives. Ho liked the idea of owing nothing td any man, of conquering fats singie-hauded. His heart ross with the intoxication of youth, of hope, of keen 'vitality, and bf iuteuse faith in himself. He was following his star. Yes, he felt certain that deütiuy was leading him. He was not intended t » grub along-30 he phrased it- inspecting telegraph wires He was uo longer au animal ; he became a man. He raised his baud and pushed j the matted hair from his forehead, and drew a deep breath, .throwing back his head, as if it were a breath of ease and freedom. Ransom Saw that there was about him a kind of rough comeliness, i Somethiug of emotion" passed over the outcasts features, rendering- them more hutnau aud sympathetic. You're better now ?' said Ransom. 'Yes/ said the ether, gruffly; Tm better now.' j Thora was silence. Ransom was bury- ing the water-bag agaiu. Presently he said, ' Wo can yaru now. Would you like a pipe ? Baccy isn't as siiort as water, luckily. Let us hear how you got into this mess, aud what has become of your norse. I suppose you had oue r" The rum did uot auswer at ouce. When he spoke, it was not *o tell his tale. ' Grog is better tasting thau snake's blood,' he said, witli au odd grim laugh, ' but it's wor^e tliau snake's poison to many a man. I killed a black snake a while ag«) and ate it raw. I'd nothing to make a fire with. I was sorry it hadn't bitten me aud made au cud of me. 'Oil, coma,' said Ritisoin, cheerily; ' you shouldn't *ay that now that you are safe in camp. I'm not sorry, auyhow. A fellow feels precious louely out iu the bush like this, witli the chance of blacks being arouud him, and tho knowledge that no one would be any thc wiser if his bones retted away undera gum-tree. Just when I hoard your coo-ee I was thinking th it I'd give a good deal for the sight of a white face. Tha man bent forward aud looked at Ransom intently, as the young fellow sat with his head bout, cutting up a fig of tobacco with his clasp kuife. The stranger seemed to be examining his face with a view to ascertamiug his character and preseut seutimeuts-with a view to dis- covering whether he were worthy of con fideuce. lu the desolation of the bush, a man gets quickly to the heart of things, aud confidence is a matter of seconds, Ransom looked up and caught the scruti- nizing giizo. He, too ; looked sharply at his companion for a moment or twq ; and he, too, formed his judgment. He decid- ed that the mau was genuine, and that lie was t > be trusted. As quickly and intui- tively, he decided also that the mau was or had been au outcast from society, and was on his guard. ' You noedu't be afraid of me, ' he said abruptly. 'Ah!' returned the man. ' I seo ! You have takou my monBure.' And then (here was silence again. 'It's not a bad ono, mate,' said Ransom. ' If you'll tell me your story squarely, I'll t oil you mine. As far as I know, there isn't another white mau within a hundred mites of us, aud if you haven't got a horde of your own, it would bo as good as leav- ing you to dio not to give ygmny aopoqd one. We can manage the pack between us. My conscience wouldn't let me leave j ou here when I start to-morrow. I'd be expecting your ghost to haunt me. You eau look at it in that way if you like.' ' What do you mean P' said the mau. * You are by yourself, then ?' ' I left my mates a week ago,' returned Ransom. ' I'm as much hy myself as you are; aud who knoffs but what, if we don't come upou water, we may both be in the same plight before many days that you wore au hour ag J ? There's no water bahind rae for a long two days' journoy ou horseback, as far as I know ; so you may judge of your chances, if you are thinking of making for the settled country. I nieau to go on. You had better take my offer and go with me.' » Stop a moineut,' said thc man. He seemed to bo t hip king over what Rausoui had said ; aud all tho time he looked at Ransom. Suddenly ho lifted up the pannikin and drained tho last drop ; then as suddenly dashed it to the ground with a muttered exclamât ion. ' Look here,' he said. * I want to know-Did you ever in four life make a soleuau oath to yourself, staking every tiling there was in life tor yon, upon the keeping of ¡t r" ' I P' said Rans im, suapriseJ. ' Well, ' I have made a so t of oath to my seit that I mean to keep. But I can't say that it is quite the same as that.' ' Listen,' said tho man, striking his fist upon the grouud, and making the empty pannikin and the half-burnt twigs on tho' edge of¿the fire jump, so energetic was the movement. * I made just such an oath as I've told you of, and I've broken it to- night. I swore that my lips should never know the taste of grog again, so help me God, if I was spared to become au honest man. So help me God, it is my wish and determination tobe an honest mau and a saber man. Aud I've brokeu my oath to-night. Ransom looked at the follow with au expression of wonder aud pity. ' You've buen a drunkard then, mate P' * Yes,' rejoined the other, doggedly.. ' I have beeu a drunkard, and I've, been worse. I've boen a coward and a bully, for I've ill-treateA a woman ; aud I hare been a thief.' ' I'm sorry for you, mate.' said Ransom, quietly. ' I'm sorry that you have broken your oath to night, siucé it seams to weigh upon your conscience. But J don't think you need take'it to heart under the circum- stances of the case. It was more my fault than yours. * Perhaps,' .»aid the stranger, 'you are one of those who don't believe iu God, aud don't belivein'an oath. I didu't myself once. A man has need to go down into, the very blackness of ^desolation to find the « »ul he buried in Iiis evil days. But when it wakes and speaks to him hs never can forget the voice again, a*d ho kn J wa forever tl at God is, and that the seul cauuot die,' Again Ransom loiked closely at his compaaiou. He fancied for the moment that he had come across a case of religious madness, or of delirium brought on by want and exposure. But thora was some- thing in the outcast's face that impressed him with his sanity aud his sincerity. Tiie man made no attempt to raut, but sat quite stillaud thoughtful. Ransom answer- ed slowly, * I'm not good for much at that sort of thiug, mate, aud 1 don't pre- tend that I'm a religious fellow ; but I believe in God ; 'and iuvoluntarily Ran som took off his old cabbago-troj hgt with a reverence tint was absolutely simple aud uuconscious, aud laid it down on the ground beside him ; and then he j went on cutting up his tobocco, and filling th? littlle mdiarubber pouch that was in thc palm of his left hand. ' This is how 1 look at it,' he 6aid. * I think the chaps that are always hammering on abont re- pentance and atonement and. forgiveness of sius have got hold of the wrong end. The sins were forgiven longa*o, if there's anything in the Scriptures. I don't know what it means, if it dees not mean that ; and there's no need for us to be bothering about doing what was done for us a great deal better eighteen hundrod years ago. I believe it was meant for us when the world was made,' added Rick. *I shouldn't like to think it wasn't. To will to be honest is to be honest, iu my think- ing. Yon could never make me believe in a God that would be hard ou a mau fqr a thing like that to-uigkt,' cried the young man, more excitedly. ' Now I'll tell you what you had better do. Take a new oath straight away ; and l'ü be witness of it-: and s'arfc fresh. I've a feeling that it'll be a fair start this time.' With a simplicity and a sincerity that might have seemed strange anywhere but in this lonely place, Ransom put down his tobacco and knife, aud, going to his swag, uudid the straps, rummaged about in it for a few seconds, and then brought oui a Bible in a somewhat worn b^own-leather biuding. He handed it to the man. ' There,' ha said. ' I don't suppose it makes much odds how one does the thing, but 1 think it is better that it should be dote in the gool old way. Take your oath on thia Book» mato, aud it shall «ot be my inuit it you WI bftßk. J'JUBO y^u ^rpu^h with it io tlie best of ray power, if you'll make up yeur mind to cost in your lot with mine.' and poles. His vigorous manhood was not' to waste itself in the crude hard life of the Australian wilds. Faust craved for youth ; Richard Ransom craved for j richea. Not with mere vulgar avarice, but with the eager, passionate yearning of a nature rich in tho capacity for enjoy, meut, full of ambition, thrilled with the longing to have the best which the world could give liiui. He had long ago decid- ed within himself that the b¿st was only to be had in an old civilization, aud that such experience as lie wished for could only, bo bought with gold. To him, gold represented the key to a world from which in his present conditiou, he wa« shut out as completely as though it had been beaven itself. Dot tho world of adventure-that was within his roach now. Not the world of vicious pleasure. Ho was as true, as pure, as honest hearted a youth as ever Nature nursed. His instincts wore chiv- alrous, aui his aspirations were not ignoble. Tho world ho wanted to enter was the world of rouiiuce, of poetry, of .fair, aud high- minded women-such wo- men as heroines were made of ; aud these were the only ones for whom he had a yearniug-ihe world of groat men ; the world which was written of in history and consecrated by traditiou. This was tho wonderful world of which he had read and dreamed. He had even theorized upon the mending of its vexed problems, af ter tho fashion of imaginative provincial boys, whose knowledge comes from read- ing. Ho had fancied that if ho had but moaey enough, he might do something towards brightening it« dark places. He had7 thought of how he would travel and study; of how he would go into Parlia- ment in England; of how he would buy an ostate and work it upon improved socialistic principles ; of how lie would befriend the poor, and be the good genius of those who were ambitious and struggl ' ing ; and then of how he would love the one gracious and ideal woman, and of how. he would marry her, if she would descend to hifu from lier 'chief dome.' . . . The phrase caine to him. And- Ah! there is no telling of all tho dreams and the visions that flitted through Rick Ransom's Wain. ?Cooee!' That harsh agonised cry sounded agaia ; this time above the night sounds, for it was nearer. Ransom, all on the alert now, , started up and seized his gun. He glided rapidly .iuto the shadow of a uoig'uhouriug gum-tree-with tho glow of the firelight upon him, he would have made au eas j mark for n black's spear, In au instant, however, it occurred to bim that a black fellow would not coi ce in that way ; and, besides, he used have no fear-they never attacked when there was moonlight. He waited for the call to be repeated. It caine once more-a hoarsa struggling groan, brought out with difficulty, as though the throat wore parched and the tongue swollen. Ransom kuew the sound. He had heard it ont in the plains. Once in extremity, he himself had given utter- ance to just such strange coo-ées. The man who called him was dying of thirst. 'Here, mate!' he cried out cheerily. ' Pluck up. I'm coming to you.' ' Water!' moaned the voice as if from the ground, ' water, for God's sake !' Thc voice was quite close now. It seemed to como from h-twoen the camp and the dark liu-i of brigalow trees. Ransom peered about. But sound has an odd way of shifting in the bush. The next impatient groan drew him down below the camp, and he had to turn again, and then he darted along the side of the ridge to an outlying clump of stunted gidia trees. There, dragging itself along, half crawling, half walking, he saw the bowed form of a man, which, shaggy, shrnuken, discoloured, and bout as t was, seemed rather to resemble that of an ourang-outang. Ransom ran to the creature, seized it by the arms, and supported it in a stand- ing posture, The Crimean shirt, tattered and rotted by frequent soaking with per- spiration, almost gave way at his grasp. He saw iu the moonlight an embrowned emaciated face, shrivelled into a mutumy ish appearance, tho lower part of which was coyered with a thick growth of coarse unkempt black hair. The eyes were bloodshot and protruding. The blackened lips fell apart, aud the purple, swollen' tongue hung out from between them like that of a panting dog. It was impossible, in his present state, to imagine what the man might ba under ordinary, conditions. The young bushman, with his firmly knit, athletic form, his noble head, and his refined, vigorous face with its silky gold- en beard and its bright smile, tasked, as he forc»d his way through the shrubs, like a radiant god coming to the deliverance of some be8tialized outcast. 'Water!' again ejaculated the lost man ; and then he added with an immense effort, his voice breaking in the rattle which his dry throat made, ' I have not had a drop for, three days, for the lore of God, gire ' You shall have it,' said Ransom, ' though I've little enough to spare just now. Come along, mate. Take heart; you are all right now.' Still holding the man by the arm, he half led, half carried him to (he camp. He put him down on the blanket which was spread out for a bed, and gave him tho billy of tea that had been standiug among tlie embers. 'That's much botter for you tlian plain water,' bo »aid. The man drank it off in a gulp. It is marvellous tho change which ono draught of liquid eau make iu a tliir*tiug mau. Mis ey es seemed to lose their terrible straiued look, and already his fae J to fill out. It was pitiful to seo him suck his touguc ; but now his mouth looked less like that of an animal. He held out the billy again ; then s jeincd te f oree upon his mind the necjssity of self-restraint, and drew it back. He looked wildly rouud, bis gazo piarciug tin shadows and the darkness. ' I thought I hoard the sound of running water,' he said. ' lt isn't possible.' ' No,' replied Ransom. ' There's no water of any kind near here. I haven't ssen any for forty-eight hours,' The man's eyes fell upou the wallabi steak aud the damper. Ho clutched the food, tearing it apart with his fingers. Ransom openod his swag and gave him some more tint he had covered up in readiness for the morrow. The man ate this also greedily. 'I want some more water,' he said. ' I could drink a river dry ' Rausom wcut to the water-bag, which he had buried in the ground to its neck, and covered with leaves. Alas ! it was flabby aud flat, not more than h:ilf- full. With economy it might provide a drop for the horses, and leave enough for himself for a day aud a half louger. He paused for a moment, while the man, who Iud left off devouring the steak, watched hi xi aud made a movement as if he would sei/.e t io bag. Rausom put out his arm authori- tatively. 'Yoii8top still,' he said; '1 shall give you just as much as 1 eau sparc aud no more. He poured some out into a paunikiu, and (lieu, taking a flask from his pouch« added a dash of brandy and handed it to his strauge guest. The t>i¿ht and smell pf the spirit seemed to have upon the mau something of the effect t-tat til j «Lrht and smell of blood have upou a fer»clóü* beast. A curious eager glare carno iuto his eyes. He raised the pannikin to his lips swiftly, vet with the utm st care nut - to spill a drop. As he tasted it he uttered a sort of savage grunt af satisfaction. Thou Homethiug seemed to strike him, and he lowered the pannikin again in augry self-denial, His hesitation, which puezled Rausom, was only for a moment, Once more he lifted tue pannikin and slowly drank the liquid-not as he had swallowed the ter. but pausing between the sips in evident intensity of eu joy meut. The dram seemed life-giving. His face ffrew larger ; ho straightened himself ; tis client expanded, Iiis skiu smoothened. Tho wanderer's fae j was a curious study at that moment. It did much to couviuco Rausoin that he had beau right in yieldiug to his impulse of trust. Some- thing aliuust of ecstacy flashed over it, so intense was the momentary expression of relief. Then it gave place to a kiud of dreary hopelessness, and thou to a watch- ful suspicion. He put the Bible down ou the blanket, aud said nothing more about his oath. Wiien he spok >, it was to ask, ' How far are wo from a township p' ' A township /' repeated Ransom. 'Good Ljird, man? Suppose you wore to draw a straight liue down thc middle of Gape York Peninsula-say, follow the line of 143 degs. E. loug. donn about to 15 dogs, : S. lat.-well, as near as I eau make out we are about half-way between the Pacific anujthe gulf of Carpentaria, with Cook- town for oar nearest coast township, aud the Palmer diggings for our nearest settled point inlaud. What do you say to that P Unless you are a better bushman than I take you for, I wouldn't give much for your prospect of makiug a iewmUip.' The niau laughed rather grimly, but without any dismay in the note. ' I'm uo bushman,' lie said ; ' and if you had told nie I had got down south of the Palmer. I shouldn't'have been any the wiser. Bid you mean what you said just now about giving me your second horse P' Are there really no more of you ?' ' Yes,' I meant it,' replied Ransom. ' 1 am by myself. I left my mates pegging out a claim just outside the Palmer limits. It wasn't good enough for me and the sort of oath I told you I had' made to myself was, that I'd strike out and nqt come back till I had found what I was \n search of.' The man gave a start and bent over quickly to Rausoin. ' You are on the look- out for gold, then P Have you any reason to believe it lies so far north as this P' 'I've got no certain knowledge,' auswered Ransom, slowly. ' Prospectors would tell you that payable gold never breeds ou scrubby country. But I've heard stories that Ijave come dowu throijgh tho blaofea wliloü make me, certain lix tn y o Wa mind that wo are not far off a big find. You're heard the kind of legaud, too, I dare say, of the rich mino that most people hare taken to mean the Palmer diggings' I have been a good deal abrmt among the coast blacks in the last few months, and have been at some pains to collect all tho information I could get hold of;1, 'I'm convinced that the 'mine ii some^ Where in ;tl<e hilly country. You 'kiinw that Bell's exploring party sighted abd' christened tho Binbian range; but they never weutfnr emugh inland to eros's it, or even tb get to its foot. Well, I moan to reach tho Biubiau rango ; for the gold is there. í know it. Tho feeling is borne j in upon me. I can't explain it. , I've 'a ¡ presentiment that thy luck is leading -me! tb ïJië'place.; 'Wow ' you know, as much about it all as'I dh. ' âlud'!whàt is'móre)' since yon turned'up I've got anothër queeï?: {ifes'entimént-tliat thô saving of your lifé tas something' td do with tho finding- of 1 that mine! ? 1 - "! (To he Continued.) nit '.>;". i ' .'M- M '.j ;i tri, ?. ? ?? . ' 