MARK VERNON. CIIAPTER XVIII. '!m doctor glided from the patient's side and searched the box with a conjuror's rapid fingers, looked round the room and the bed room behind it, had completed his investi gation, and was tending Milly again before Miss Vernon's return. " She had better not see me when she recovers," he said hastily, giving his bottle into Miss Vernon's hand. " Bring her to and put her to bed, and I'll send round a tonic," with which this strange doctor turned his back upon his fainting patient and abruptly left the house. liss Vernon looked after him in astonish ment, exclaiming " Well, if those are the London doctors, give me the country ones I" and then sot to work to revive Milly as best sheo might. Meanwhile the doctor had not gone far, but was lurking round the corner of the street, patiently watching through a time long enough to wear out anybody's per severance in the most wearisome of all occupations-waiting. It did not however affect him in the least; he watched with the same unruffled calmness from first to last, till at length a tidy little brougham came down the quiet street and seemed to afford him what he wanted. Hoe sprang forward very quickly, and as it was stopping before No. 16 put his head in at the window, rather disconcerting a middle-aged gentle man who was the solo occupant of the carriage. " What's the matter ?" he asked, staring with all his might. "Have I the pleasure of speaking to Dr. Smith ?" asked the intruder. " That is my name." " May I have a word with you in private before you visit your patient' here ?" ' " Really, sir, this is rather extraordinary." "It is extraordinary," returned the other soothingly. "I feel it to be so, doctor-no one more than myself; but if you'll lot me get in a moment and speak to you, while your man drives on a little bit and back again, I won't detain you five minutes, and it'll be as right as a trivet." The mixture of earnestness, self-posses sion, and vulgarity in this man astonished the doctor, as well as the authoritative manner that seemed as if it would not be refused. Uncertain whether he was going to be robbed or confided in, Dr. Smith allowed the stranger to slip into the brougham, and called to the staring coach man to walk the horse on a few paces. " Thank you, doctor, that's all right, and I can explain the seemingly queer way in which I've intruded on you in half a twinkling. The fact is, I'm a detective Inspector Johnson, at your service-and I'm after the young lady you're going to see on a charge of jewel-robbery." G" ood heavens t" cried the doctor un easily ; " this is a very odd thing." ` "You may say so, sir. I've been half over Europe after that young woman. Happened on her at last in Florence among a lot of nuns in an hospital-traced her through her disposing of a diamond ring of which I had the description. Thenou I found she was coming home along with the nuns, so I thought I'd keep quiet and see if she oamen to anybody that might be in the robboery with her. But no I she comes to a soft young farmer, an old lover of hers that I know all about through following up her story. It's a strange one altogotheor." .' " But what do you want with me ?" put in the doctor. ' "Well, sir, I went in just 'now as your assistant." Dr. Smith gave him a look of wrath. W" hy, bless you sir, I have to be any thing and everything by turns, and I'd make up into as good a dootor as anything else- bar prescriptions-and I had a little bit of a search; but the young woman looks uncommon bad, more like her funeral than anything else. So all I wanted to ask you, sir, was to do your boast to pull her through, and not split on me. If there was a row and she took mad and died (she looks like it) it would have a bad look, and this is a oaso that's sure to come very prominently before the public. If all goes well it'll got your name up immensely as well as mine." " Thank you, you need not trouble about my name," said Dr. Smith, though his practice was not so exceptionally large as his family was, and the idea was not un-. pleasant to him. " Well, but you'll see to her and not split on me, won't you now ? And lot muo know when I can break it to her gently, and I'll manage everything quiet and com fortable." ' Dr. Smith promised prudence, appointed an hour at which he could see the inspector the following morning, and goeting rid of his visitor by these means, stopped once more before No. 16. Punctual to the monment Inspootor John son prosoented himself at the doctor's door next day; that goutleman met him in the passago and led the way to the study. " Well, sir," boegan the inspector cheer fully, " what do you say to the patient ? How soon could she taklo her trial without detriment to her precious hoaltlh ?" S"Porhaps in a few days, perhaps never. She is in a singularly weak, exhausted state," and the doctor, who was kiud, thought sadly of the fair suffering face, the young man's hunugry eagerness about the girl's lifo, and the terrible disclosures that awaited him, Dr. Smith could lhardly wish to save as it was, but lhe must do his best. " I am doing all I can to revive liher," he said stiffly. "I will not betray your secret, but privately I must advise you to wait. A sudden shook would probably bd fatal." "All right, sir I No fear of me. I'm all for making things pleasant and easy. Why, if I had to hang a man he'd never find it out till the excoution was over." ' In a few days I shall be ablo to give a moro decided answer," said tihe doctor, do alining to discuss the inspector's doxtority. "I'll keeoop an oyo on the house and you'll soo fair, sir," and porceiving that lie was not rogardod with any peoouliar favour, he do parted and wont on waiting patiently during those days, whilo the doctor's skill was fanning the little spark of lifo till it fliokorod into a flame. Milly was very quiot;' hardly ever spoke, never smiled; eomotimes lay thinking, while the tears rolled down her chooks unheoodod. Onoo when Miss Vernon loant over her, wipod the tears away and kissed her, the irl toused herself into something like terror, "Don't - don't be kind to me I" she whispered, shuddering; "that will kill me." Another day she asked where she was, and looked about her as if in perplexity when Miss Vernon Easid in London ; but she made no answer and asked no more ques. tions. She had no snspicion that 'Mark was near, the other thought, as to her own recovery she seemed not to care, and never spoke of it but once when Miss Vernon smiled on her and told her she was better. " Better ?" she repeated. " Oh no I It's worse for me to live," and Miss Vernon turned away to hide her tears and try to forgot the look of heartbreak in those blue eyes. Dr. Smith, too, felt a strange pang when he looked at her, and an earnest sympathy for Mark, about whom the inspector had volunteered a good deal of information picked up during the inquiry. The doctor found himself more interested in No. 16 than he had been in any case for years, and his kindly voice and manner broke pleasantly through Mark's lonely watch, and made this stranger soon seem a true friend. But one odd thing about their good physician struck him very much; there seemed to be no expression of pleasure as he declared that the patient was really regaining strength; that she had recovered the immediate effects of the shock ; that she would soon be in her usual state of health. Indeed, when the doctor said that, he looked more sad than over, and stopped into his carriage shaking his head and sighing. At last the day came when the inspector could be kept off no longer, when Mark must know all. With a feeling of painful apprehension that was quite now to him, Dr. Smith followed him into the little sitting-room and shut the door. " She is really better ? " said Mark, un easy under the thoughtful, sad look fixed on him. " Really better. As strong as she is ever likely to be." "I think," Mark went on, trying to win a more cheering look from this man-" I think you will be dismissing us soon, Dr. Smith--sonding us to the seaside or some where to recruit." The answer was only a strange look, a murmurod " Poor fellow I " that seemed to come from the man's heart. Mark winced a little; he know too well that he was to be pitied not to find pity bitter, and ihe merely repeated what he had said before with some little reserve of man ner. " I fear "-the doctor could not help hesitating-" I fear there will be some most painful explanations necessary before it will be possible to remove her." "I do not understand you." The doctor looked at him again with that striking expression of compassion in his eyes, and then said, very hesitatingly " Mr. Vernon, I fool that I owe you an apology, somehow, for knowing more of your affairs than you are aware of." " At any rate we need not discuss them," said Mark, turning away in displeased sur prise. "Upon my soul I " cried the dootor, "I would give a great deal not to have any nooeed to discuss them with you, but I cannot help it." Mark faced him again, standing like a bravoe man prepared to be shot. " You have something painful to toll me, I suppose ? " he said. " What can it be ? 'I have known the worst some time." " One never knows what is the worst," bogan Dr. Smith; and then slowly, falter ingly, with true reluctance, he brought out the truth'about the storm that had gathered over them. Mark listened in dead silence, standing steadily to take the blow, clutching a chair back near him as Brutus clutched the ourulo chair. He hboard all; the doctor paused, and there was a silonoo between them. "1 cannot understand this, sir," hbe said at last, speaking low and heavily. "But so it is with half those things. I must see this man myself." The doctor explained who the man was, and a bad sort of gleam lighted Vernon's oyes. " So I he has been spying here already I HIo has. soon--" He could not end the sentence; it was too much that this enemy who was hunting her had soon her in the extreme of leer weakness and distress. What l was there to be no end to her sufferings ? No mercy for her-no rest? With a little gesture of excuse he left the doctor hurriedly, to be aloneo with a struggle onceo more, to try to face this neow horror, to understand it a little, to find out what could be done to save her still. The first thing must be to make an appointment with Dr. Smith autd the inspector, and they mot that evening, whenia the dootor was surprised to seeso the iron firmness with which Mark faeood them and entered on thee business at onoo. Nothing but the most matter-of-fact hard ness was in hIis tone as he followed out all the details of the trouble that woro presented to him. His one thought was to hlavo an inquiry managed privately without Mlilly's know lodge. Hio would sutbmit to any super visiou; tie inspeotor might lodge in his lhonsoe; hle would offer any monoy soourity they oould demand if only she might be spared. It was impossible that she could be guilty; of course her innocence would be established ; but could it not be established without intlictiug more terror and indignity upoin hler ? Inspootor Johnsoi was oxtremoly civil, and conscious that they owed him a great deal of civility too, for his past patience. His duty must be paramount now, hle as sured them. There was no cboice, no pos sihility of compromise ; the young lady must onme with him and explain to a magistrato hlow she obtaiuod posossesion of that ring. " And as to seoourity, you know, sir, if shlo's committed you could offer bail thon." Markr turned round with a sudden floreo oss that leaped up and was repressed in one moment, oven astlhe man started at the lchange. " I'm suro theoro's nobody wants to malke things pleasant more thnn I do," he groumbled. " Thero's not many that would have waited asno I've done, or kept still asno I've done." The doctor said soothingly they woro mnuach obliged, and Mark was quiet. "Now I'll toll you what I'll do," the ice specOtor wont on: "I have the warranut gainet heor, and I can take her when it's convenient. Now let's call down the old lady and break it to her pleasant- like, and then she can take her own judgment about telling the young one. Bless you I the ladies know how to do these things-they have that nerve and delicacy, that's what it is-and then to-morrow morning I'll have a cab round and take her away as if she was riding in her own carriage. I'm a husband and a father, and I know what's duo to females, and to prevent unpleasantnesses I'll i?ccept Mr. Vernon's offer and pass the night here." Heo was out in the passage next moment, requesting the servant to ask Miss Vernon to come down and speak with the doctor, waiting outside till she appeared ; and then leading her in with a very considerate air, he placed her in a chair, and stood before her talking. She glanced in a fright at Dr. Smith, who shook his head gravely ; at Mark, who was leaning on the mantelpiece with his face turned away ; then at the speaker, who was saying a great deal she could not under stand. He talked much of his own civility, of his patience, of the excellence of his bo haviour, then, as she gazed at him in utter bewilderment, he became distinct all at once, gave her his own name and the facts of the ghastly story. " No I no I " sobbed Miss Vernon, in credulous with distress. " It's not true I Hilly never took anything. Poor child, she was led away and deceived. It's not true, Mr. Johnson. Mark I Dr. Smith I why don't you tell him it's not true ?" " Well there, ma'am, don't flurry yourself. I dare say it isn't true. I only want her to come before a magistrate as a matter of form and explain it herself. You've a deal of good sense, as I can see, and knowledge of what ladies like. That's what I want of you. I want you just to break it to her gently. Lot her know, then, she'd better go through with it quietly, like a girl of spirit." " Oh, I can't tell her I I can't toll her I" sobbed Miss Vernon. " But she's afraid of me already," said the inspector. "If you don't it'll have to be the doctor." And it was to him that the tolling of this dreadful news fell at last. He went up. stairs while these throoe remained below, silent, listening. " I want to ask you a few questions, my dear, as a matter of business. You must not think me impertinent," lie said, sitting down beside her. She looked up gratefully with her tired eyes, and said he was very kind. " That diamond ring, my dear, that you sold in Florence. Can you tell me where it came from ?" Her cheeks flushed painfully. "The rings were given me. Travers gave me a diamond ring," she faltered. "It was of more value than she thought." " Who is Travers ?" " Miss Grant's maid. Sho-oh I don't ask me about it all," she exclaimed with a burst of tears. The doctor soothed her as well as he could, but the necessity was inexorable. Little by little he was obliged to tell her all. It was very hard to make her understand it, and le had to put it in the plainest words at last, and told her exactly what the accusa tion was. She sprang up at the words and looked round her like a hunted creature. " What I they will say I am a thief I they will take me to prison I" she cried out, then suddenly throw herself down on her knees before the kind man. " Save me I save me I save me I" she shrieked. " Hide me some where I Don't let them find me I Kill me yourself I Put me out of my trouble I" " Hush my dear, hush I" and lihe raised her very gently, " You must calm yourself my poor child, and try to remember how it all was. Don't do like that I The more you shriek and cry the less you will really know about it all. Sit down here and try to re call the circumstances. How was it you had the jewels in your charge ? You will be still, I'm sure, and think about it; and then by and-by there is a lawyer, a friend of mine, a clever man, coming to see about it. He will take care of you; don't be afraid; there is justice in this country, you know; they will not condemn the innocent." Hilly crouched down in a corner of the sofa where lie had placed her, trying to obey him-trying to think. She pressed her hands before her face, and tried to force her mind back to that dreadful past, but nothing would become clear to her in this whirl of misery and fear. It was all the confusion of some sulffocating dream; that strangers came and spoke to her; that she was taken away from that place of shelter ; that she found the man who had frightened her by her side again ; she know it all but dimly. In the police-court, before the magistrate, she was so quiet and passive that it seemed almost she was unconscious of her position, The inspector, proud of his achievement, had allowed the discovery and arrest to be proclaimed by the papers, and considerable interest was felt in thie oease. By the stranuge magio of rumour overybody seemed familiar with the story in an hour, and the bolntiful maid who had run off with liher mistress's lover and her jewels was a theme of publio disoussion at ouce. The court was crowded with ourious gazors ; all eyes were on her; but she did not hoed even when the wit nossos wore called, and a pale woman with glittering eyes appeared in the box. Milly did not seeoom to notice heor, nor hood Travors' glib story of the theft and utter de nial of liher gift to the prisoner. The inspector had privately deoolared that "his ease lay in a nutshell." Frightfully clear it seemed to the doctor, as he listened in an agitation that surprised himsolf. The public felt a little disappointed at the quiet, matter of-fact-way in whhioh the talo was proved; no oxoitomoent, nio sensation; the men felt a little resentful, as if they had boon dooecoyed theoro for nothing. But theoy wore not to disperse without the ploasing exoitoenmontof some visible suffering after all; for when the ease was over, and a tall, stern-looking mau stoppod forward to offer bail, the prisoner started with a lookle of tho wildest terror, looked up at last, and met his eyes. She had had no thought that he was theoro, and now he stood so near, yet so utterly parted from hler, that it soomned like a meeooting in the hopeless world, and in the suddenou horror of it she uttered a shriek that mnade the whole crowd stir and heave, " No I no I" shoe cried out, " send me to prison I Don't let him see no I don't lot him help me I" and with a great outburst of sobs she covered her face. There was sensation enough then. Warders moved forward hastily, womon cried and stared, reporters eagerly gathered up details of the scene; even the magistrate looked disturbed. But the cry of human anguish had soon rung through the official place and died away. Bail was refused, however; but to Milly that pl:co was best which would best hide her from Marl;, A minute more and she was removed, and another case was called, while Milly, her hands still pressed before her face, was led away out of sight. Dr. Smith toolk Miss Vernon back, and Mark went into the street. There the rare winter sunshine was pouring down brightly ; people were walking rather slowly, as if they lingered to enjoy it; a barrel-organ was grinding out tunes at the corner, and some little children, dirty and merry, were dancing to it in the road. Carriages rattled past with prosperous-looking people inside ; there seemed to be so much everyday happiness and peace about, and all so strange to luhim. The contrast between her fate and all this common life pressed on him heavily; this self-satisfied, calm prosperity was choking him, and with an instinct of escape he strode on more rapidly, for it is long before we learn that from some pursuers we have no power to fly. CHAPTEI XIX. In order to visit Milly as often as was allowed, Miss Vernon remained near, though with little benefit or comfort to either; and Mark, whom business had called him home, returned in a few days with start ling news for his aunt. " Going abroad again, Mark! Those changes harass me to death I" said Miss Vernon ; and indeed, all the small comforts and cosinesses that had brightened her life had vanished with Mark's happiness. As we have said, the lesser personages in a tragedy must suffer as well as the greater. "I am very sorry, my dear," lie said, looking down at her as she sat, and putting a hand on her shoulder. He had been very gentle and submissive of late, so lie had experienced the usual fate of the strong at the hands of the weakl-as he gave loss to complain of he hoeard more complaints. "I am very sorry. You should be spared all the trouble if I could manage it, but I can't. I must go myself to Malta. I think that man must have the missing link. They tell me he lies very ill at Valetta." "But the lawyers are seeing about it. You told me they were sending to Malta." "" Yes, but there are questions I must ask myself." Mark turned away, and began walking up and down the room for awhile in silence till he suddenly stood still before Miss Vernon again. " She said nothing to you when you saw her last ? " ho asked abruptly. " No; she hardly speaks; she seems stupefied." Miss Vernon hesitated, for she had written and told him all about that visit. Did he want it repeated No; he only gave a little sigh and changed the subject, and very soon lie was on his way home again. There was much for him to do on the eve of his departure-a poor paralytic was to be sent to the hospital, endless directions to be given to his lioutenant John, a battle to be fought on behalf of one of the men, to whom lie was giving for the sixth time "one chance more," and whom John wanted to dismiss summarily. Mark Vernon went into it all earnestly, but with an effort that would have made John yield more readily had he known of it; anyhow Mark gained the victory at last, and next day found him hastening towards South hampton. Not many months before, bravo men had gone that way home the Ripon or the Orinoco swept out of the Chan nol - brave men who were fated never to see their English homes again. Mark thought of them as his boat sped on -thought of the bright hopes crushed, the loving hearts left desolate, the many mourners in the land he left behind. " Suffer-suffer I " was that life's toeach ing to them all ? " Love, hope, be gallant, beautiful, and gay, that you may suller the more and cause more pain. That is the only price for all that man may be." The journey was prosperous and quick, but it seomed long to Mark ; hoe might have boon months away from home when the bright evening light showed him at last the forts and ramparts of Valetta. The sky all round was dooply blue, and the sea almost as tenderly tinted ; the rod sun was near its setting, anrd the light fell upon thIme dazzling rookl, white as a snowy mountain, with the forts and lowr-roofed buildings and batteries above that seemed part of thie solid stoneo. They entered the harbour; boats were darting about in the water; swarthy men with bright-ooloured caps aid sashes made patches of colour hero and theoroe ; crowds of boats with white awvings woro rookling on the waves, looking like a camp upon the sea; thie boatmen were swarming round the steamer, soreamning and disputing in a mix. turo of languages. It was a gay, exciting sooeno, the castled walls, the stone ourtains, woro rising nearer and clearor. Markl found himself landed at last, and standing in sort of bewildermont; various men were snatching at his portmanteau, beggars woro whiining about their having " no mangiaro," and the ground beonoeath him seemed to be swaying and shifting like the ship. At last lhe allowed a gipsy-ooloured follow who addressed him in something lilko English to obtain possession of tIle coveted luggage, desiring first to be conducted to theo nearest hotel to deposit Ihis possessions, and then to tohe house wheoro Baltiro was lying. He had obtained the address from Mr. Adamson's ofice, and also the informa mation that thie good solicitor was already in Malta. Indeed, the news of Saltiro's dangerous condition had occasioned hisn faithful friend no little distress; that the young man should be " out thoro," dying porhaps amongst strangers, had so worloked upon Mr. Adamson's feelings that lhe made what oxcuso be could on account of business, and startled the patient one day by appearing unannuounoo at his bedside. Suffering had altered Sir Harry, as it daily alters better men ; thin, haggard, and worn, he looked scarcely the shadow of his former self as he lay asleep; but when he woke and recognised his old friend, the surprise brought a flush to his face, and then a smile and look of amusement in his eyes restored the man that Adamson had always known, and, in spite of everything hateful in him, loved. " Well," Saltiro began when he found breath enough to speak, "never let the world rail against friendship again Is that really yourself, Adamson? But I need not ask : you have too much practical good sense to appear as a ghost." The voice was faint and hoarse enough; the hand he held out was a mere skeleton, and Adamson's eyes filled as lhe pressed it. " Don't bewail me," said Saltiro in an odd sort of way, " for I am bewailing my self. It's all over with me old fellow ; the Russians have done for my lungs, it ap pears. The doctors say so, and they mustn't be contradicted. I'm going fast." That seemed to have tired him ; le shut his eyes and remained still for some time, though he held Adamson's hand in a tight clasp. By.and-by he looked up, and said in another tone " I like to feel you here; a human hand -a human heart near me at last. A little more pity now; I shall never know any more- never any more," he repeated softly, as if he wished to realise the words. "For heaven's sake, Saltire I " Adamson was boeginning in an agitated voice; but he was stopped by the old mocking smile, or the ghost of it, on the pale lips. "Bad taste to speak to me of heaven I " The other gave him an imploring look. " Mayn't I torture you now ?" said Saltire with something of the winning persuasion that used to charactoriso him. " It is for the last time, you know, and it's more force of habit. I always did. I say, what a riddance I shall be to you I Something like having a bad tooth out, isn't it ? " Then lie desired to have the curtains drawn, and lay for hours afterwards watch ing the evening lights and solemn night sky and enduring the misery of his failing state in absolute silence. (To be continueed in our next.) 