THEATREROYAL.—MR. BARNES Oh " / NE W YORK. , This tiieatrc was' crowded to oxcoss on Safcur \ ; day evening on tho occasion of tuo first pcr- | forma/ice of a now four act drama founded upon . of Hew York. Tho dramatist, in the present in- stance, modestly hides his liarao from fame, ; though ho might, with right good reason, take , cretlir for having given an excellent dramatic drca∈ to an already dramatic story. It is open to qucHi-ion whether Mr. Guntcr's' book or tho drama based upon it is the more interest-', ing. The former perhaps lias the advantage m respect to details, winch are neces sarily compressed into tho merest frag ment by tho exigencies of tho stage'; but, on the other hand, Ibo rapidity with which the plot unfolds itself, and tbo'striking tablanix. aid in making tho drama one of thrillihg in terest. It is a romantic tnlo of lovo and death, and so skilfully is tho plot worked out that -tho sympathies of tho audience aro in a mensuro awakened both in tho injured and injuror, and sustained until the final scone of tho driinui. A Corsicau vendetta is tho pivot upon which the ; plot turns. In the first act, while Mr. Barnes, ' . one of tho numerous army of wealthy Americans. ' who have invaded Europe, is about to leavo i Corsica, whoro he has been tho guest of Count j Daneila, he is mado tho spectator of a I misunderstanding between two high-spirited youths, tho ono a lieutenant in the British and . tlio other in tho French navy. A duel follows, which Mr. Barnes endeavors to. prevent. The French officer has only just re turned to Corsica (o rejoin his sijtcr, who is a ( ward of Count Daucllu. Brother ami sisicr aro deeply attached to each other, und Mr. Barnes, having met tho lady, in her intercut seeks to delay the encounter until Marina I'aoh arrives, when he thinks her brother will not fight the foolish duel aiuUuu the risk of blighting her young lifo by early sorrow. Mr. Barnes is somewhat of a notoriety. In addition to his-, wealth ho is talked about as a " good , fellow " and ono who lias douo some impossible riflo aud pistol shooting. Bui tlio amiable intentions of thiy cool-headed « American towards tho duellists result most dis lustrously, and tho Frenchman falls mortally wounded. Ho expires before bin sister arrives, who over his corpse swears, with a true Corsicau ferocity, a vendetta against tho man who has killed her brother. She. docs not laiow tlio name of tho English oilicer, who immediately after the duel went onboard his sliip, wliich.was on the point of starting for Egypt, to take part in tho bombardment of Alexandria. Thither Marina bostons, but fails to find the duo sought for. A different fato awaits her. In tho hos pital she nurses and falls in love with an Eng. lish naval officer, Gerard Anstruthcrs, wounded . in tho bombardment. She flys from him to fulfil her vow of seeking her brothers murderer and, in turn, slaying him. In this tigerish search she is aided by her amiable guardian, Count Danclla, 'who loves the beautiful Corsicau, mid hopes to win licr by ministering to her consuming passion for revenge. At Nice all tlio parties meet, and tho plot begins to thicken. The count lias picked up a clue to the murderer, and Mr. Barnes is mado unpleasantly awaro of tho fact. that tho English officer is tho brother of Enid Anstruthcrs, a charming girl, to whom Mr. Barnes, of New York, has fallen a victim and i3, in fact, on the point of being married. Hor sailor brother unexpectedly arrives at Nice, where ho meets Marina aud wins her heart. Under the new spell woven of lovo the fair Corsican reuounces her vendetta, much to tlio horror of both tho count and her foster father, one Toiuaso, also a Corsican. When Count Danclla learns that Marina proposes to wed the very man who, lie believes, fought the dueV with her brother, ho conceives the diabolical idea of being revenged by not revealing his knowledge until tho wedding night, which ho ' arranges shall bo in Corsica, and that tho too 1 faithful Tomaso shall then also bo acquainted with tho discovery, and if heeds bo give tho gallant English captain his quietus ero tlio marriugo is consummated. Mr. Barnes, having been called away to London to arrange his own marriage, is only informed by Enid of her brother's betrothal after tlio pnrty have started for Corsica to celebrate tho mar riugo. He hastens in pursuit to provent tho catastrophe which follows. Tlio last scene of tlio last act is laid in tlio bridal chamber. The absence of Captain Anstruthcrs has been secured on pretence that ho is required to discharge some final formality on tho ceremony. Marina then loams that slio has married tho man who slew her brother, and both the count and her foster father demand of the distracted bride to give effect to the vendetta. Tlio conflict between love and revenge is terrible, but in tlio end the hotter part of her woman's nature gains tho mastery. As she hears her husband's footsteps approaching the bridal chamber she de clares that sho will not bo liis destroyer, and thereupon tho enraged Toinaso wrenches tho stiletto from hor, and as tho curtains are being raised stabs tho man behind thorn. Mariun becomes insensible, and Mr. Barnes rushes breathless into tho chambor with Enid. It is subsequently discovered that tho count, niul not tho husband, lost his lifo at tho portal of tho bridal chamber. Captain Anstru thcrs next appears upon the scene, and to Marina's distracted brain bo seems a ghost ; but that halluciuatkm is soon cleared away, and also the history of the duel, which was not fought by Anstruthers, but by a brother officer to whom ho bore a remarkable resemblance. Tho curtain falls upon tho happy union of man and wifo and the joy of Mr. Barnes, who has now only to think of his own future as tho husband of a beautiful aud bravo English girl. After many months' absence from Melbourne, Signor and Signora Majeroni mado their re appearance in this play, and received a cordial welcome. Tho character of Marina, sustained by Signora Mnjeroui, enabled her to give further proof, if uny wuro wanting, of lier powers as an artiste who combines intelligence with histrionic aptitudo in no common degree, "NVidia scono is afforded by such a character as Marinas to depict nice gradations of feelings and passion. In tho opening scones Marina, as tho grace ful girl, whose sunny nature knows no moro anxious feeling thau the plcasuro of living in day dreams ; then alio is striken- with a grief too deep for tears by the loss of hor brother ; and this emotion is speedily replaced by a bar- barious ferocity to have lifo tor life, in tho pur suit of which mad rovengo sho seemed ready to sacrifice even herself, until a. deeper feeling touches her heart, and the future opens up vistas of happiness in which suck vile passions us. aro born of a vendetta find no place. Only an artiste or Signora Ma jerom's powers could depict with such fidelity to naturo as not to seem counterfeit tho tempest of passion in tho bridul clwmber, th.o conflict between lovo and the savage instincts deoply implanted in the Corsican hearc, the ' wild ' despair upon realising what a miserable shipwreck her life threatened to bccomo, tho awaking as from some horrid nightmare aud the touching reconciliation -stith her husband. Tho best traditions of tho binge found voice in Signora Majerom's acting, aud tho audience showed that they esteemed tho artiste's powers at their true value. Signor Majeroni was seen to equal advantage as Count Dancl!a;but Mr. G. Davrell, who played Barnes, could hardly have taken tho pains to read tho part so ill did the genial American fare at las hands. Mr. Darroll pencilled him as though lie woro the advance agent of a circua. Mr. H. Flcmming gave a fine manly rendering of tho naval hero, and Mr. H. H. Vincent was more, than cffecivo as Tomasso, tlio picturesque but bloodthirsty Corsicau peasant. Miss' Violet Ellicofcfc, Miss Flora Anstend and Mtes L. Clitherow also, appeared in the cast with advantage to themselves and tho audience. The subsidiary parts .were filled with moro. than ordinary merit. The piece was beautifully staved, and Mr. G. Gordon received a special call for a charming ficcne of Nice from the gardens of tho Hotel' des Anglais. It will bo desirable, however, in future representations to make some curtailments', as the performance on Saturday evening was not concluded uufcil close upon midnight. 