THE TRAVELLER. THE AUSTRALIAN IN ASIA AND EUROPE. J3y J.H. IN ANATOLIA (ASIA MINOR). TURKISH DELIGHTS. The Turk has given, and yet gives in] various ways, much trouble to the rest oi the! world. We must therefore look about for any compensating benefits derived from him. Chief among these we find that his country— this Asia Minor—has given us the poppy, " welling, and with it the wondrous power dw'el genii-like, in the poppy head. The Turks divide honours with other Asiatics in the use of opium, but Turkey has the higher claim as the original producer of it When everybody gets their rights, and rewards shall be justly distributed, what shall be done to the discoverer of opium and its uses ? The fields around Smyrna are bright with the flowers of this source of the king drug of the pharmacopoeia. Nowhere does it grow to anch perfection, and yield a juice of equal flavour in its morphine and narcotine ex tracts. By the smooth flowing and classic Meles are gardens in which the Smyrniotes take their coffee and smoke their chibooka in breath-saving silence. To other resorts are inner rooms in which this evening relaxation may be brought to its happy ending. This is to be found in the, opium pipe in which the | * j of it' Turk has that biiBsful titne of it which, if as epigrammatical as the Frtnch.^ he might call hiB "good quarterbf an hour. le Turks " !i The Turks know the secret of growing a tobacco which is to the American production as the light champagne of France is to the heavy stout of Dublin. This most delicate of tobaccoes is a highly-developed and ethe realised thing in the weed way, and one in which the m-osserqualities of it seem to have no part It was this divine product which extracted from Byron the iexclamation, "Sublime tobacco!" when he burst into song over it, as he did ovee the Samian wine, and over much else that was good only in his way of thinking. The golden leaves of this tobacco are jressed into cakes or cut into fine shreds. Jn the latter shape it .is usedt largely for cigarettes! which form of Btnoking had here its birth and a long time of usage before its common adoption elsewhere, and everywhere. In the shape of the ogarette, also, it obtained and holds that feminine patronage so gene rally given to it in Turkey, Greece, Egypt, and elsewhere. The Turk reduces tobacco-smoking to a fine art, much as De Qoincey proposed in that way to consider murder. He spiritualises his tobacco, and having got a soul into it, be doubly purifies the scul in fashions purga torial. . It passes not his lips nntil it has j passed first through fire, and secondly through water—a putted and sublimated ghost of a smoke in which those accustomed to tobacco elsewhere can hardly recognise it. The coffee cup is with the Turk what the shake of the hand is with the English", and the exuberant" kissing is with the French. There are many .< who will think it the better fashion of 'the three, ami who can account for such their 'taste in the matter. This drink of welcome is brought to one in small! brasw cups; which - might insize afid appear ance serve as thimbles for a giantess. It is drank sugared, but without milk. .The sraall iiess of the cup excuses' the oft-made request that bine wilt have it replenished, which, aided by cigarettes, it the Turkish idea of hospitality and sociality ~ "Oaive Smatla," which is, the order for coffee at the cafis, brings with it always a narghilehor hubble-bubble water-pipe. These are in plenty about with those sitting at the tables, and to use them is of Smyrna's fashions everywhere. This pipe begins, to commence at the bottom, in a decanter of water Bhaped as an hour-glass or huge egg-, boiler. From the lower division of it issueB at the side a long indiarubber tube bonnd around in coloured silk thread. At the top of this water-holder is what resembles a brass pepper-box with flat perforated top. On this grating, so to call it; is laid a cake of the golden-leaved tobacco of the thickness of a biscuit, had on top of this cake the attendant n6w places two. Qt three pieces of burning charcpab, V '1 ' * Anatolia is not a country for those of a tender cuticle. The Sybaritei'whose Bleep was troubled by the doubled rose leaf in bis , mattress stuffing would haye harder times of it in Smyrna. The troublera of one's rest rise superior to insect powders, and neither change of hotels nor rooms affords respite, j This latter word brings to mind Poe's use of j it in double form, 'followed by "nepenthe." Something of that'sort, I fear, will be re quired to get any sleep. The strong light of two largecandlea kept burning all nl^ht i fails to frighten away the enemy. , Wild J creatures only are to be scared away by light | and fire, and these carnivora of Smyrna are i very tame of tbeir kind—quite too familiarly ; so. I The cookery of all the Eastern world is alter one fashion, known to. ns mostly as that j of the French. It has run down !rom Asia; into Europe, and finiahes there at Frafice— the channel stopping Its -farther progress England adopts the northern jwprid fashions, with.my blessings on it. fordoing ao. . All i through Asia jfchia . E^tcwp^W9|m^_^kerjr. mid-daj1, and ttii?twd 'mea'fs only "during the 2^ hours. The daybreak cup of coffee and the Ea^Sut^Si^hMdly^be-h^^an^^ as a meat ^ Great BritaiQ<nrri£P the day with its ingdress seen. But Britisb:vfaahion.stdya|' its influence .with these exterior changes.,'.Itaffects not the cookery, hoy What ia cooked, nor the number ot meals, nor the time of taking ihein. As a table mattes it noticeable here that arti chokes replace pouitqen—:replace.,$hem asfar Bathe table goee.'fmr pyery.f^ie cannot relish this very earthy ana tobacco-flavoured escu lent. Troupe has Vlslte^Binrroa In every shape, and form at one time or ahpther in its long life. , It. bwr been a plague clly, and one; much Bjjectefl by, earth^^cea ,Just a drifts hither from the shores of the Black Sea, whence, at Trebizond, the chief Beaport of Armenia, he has most probably migrated down to these Mediterranean quarters. Like the Greek, he is all a trader and nothing of a producer; but,: unlike the Greek, he is chary of displaying his wealth. The richest Arme nian here, one Sparlata, lives in a very un pretentious way, and -in a habitation not to be dignified as a "mansion." When the time comes that I can travel only for change of air I shall join a party of Cook's tourists. I shall then be dry-nursed right through the tour, and taken through the streets like one walking in a procession of schoolgirls out for exercise. When I arrive in a port I shall wait for the boat and the boatman who bear Cook's name on them. On shore I shall be " personally conducted" to the hotel chosen for me and tor the dozen or fifteen others of the party. By this per sonal conductor we shall be then, and by contract, banded over to a local guide and bustled through the sights of the city as sheep taken to market- i shall thuBfool away no time in making or receiving calls, or scribbling notes by the way, or indulging a fancy in examining or sketching anything. Before I can at all realise where I am I shall be whisked away to somewhere else. In this way I see these parties of thoughtless tourists come and go, and iu a way which makes one feel unhappy and as left behind. I endeavour to get information from some of them who have come from where I have been or where I am bonnd for. It is all breath wasted, however, in asking questions of them, They are singularly alike in their semi-Bourbon characteristics of having either leamt nothing or forgotten everything. They have been saved all tronble and care on the journey, and are in the happy condition ot thoBe. to whom such things are saved in everything else—the condition of children. One excuses himself for not knowing whether he visited Corinth when in Greece, ny saying that he kept no diary. Another, questioned about the name of the vessel by which he lett Athens, says that he never takes notice of such things. Asked where they are bound for next I am referred for certainty to the personal conductor, as opinions on that question greatly differ among them. Of those quartered at my hotel I see some thing mostly at meal times only. I seek then to interest some of these dry-nursed tourists in the great subject of Australia and its attractions. Whether going as travellers or settlers 1 urge the value of a visit to the Sunny South, and its lands of wine and wool, milk, honey, and money. Snch a journey is not, however, in any of them, nor can I get the thought of it into them. Nothing that I can tell them seems so to surprise them as the idea of going so far solug and to land among strangers. That I personally did so raises a suspicion in their genteel minds that it was against my wiil I went out the volun teer I bad professed myself. One little indi vidual, who owns seemingly but little more than his title, privately hands me his card with some pencilling at the back of it It is, 1 find, a notification of .his willingness to venture oat to Australia if his expenses be paid and a Government situation of £2,000 a year be provided for him. The sister of this cautious gentleman has understood, he says, that letters of introduction to the " Govenor of Australia" are essential, as there is no fit place for a lady to stay at except Government house. These be of those for whom Cook's care is needed. Cook's offices, wherever they may be, pro vide information for all inquirers, and, in that way, are all to the good. They provide: through tickets also to those who can make up their minds on certain routes, and feel satisfied in resisting all second thoughts of diverging by the way. Cook's paper—his promises to pay, called "coupons, are taken by most hotel keepers as cash for the amount specified on them, and the tourist, apart from the personally- conducted batches, can often thus save trouble in change of coinage and in the vexation as to valnes of same in different countries. Cook gets the benefit of all tickets and conpons issued for ready money, and, for one reason or another, not used by the taker of them. A tourist starts with great inten tions and tickets to 20 places en route. He tires down and ^visits only a dozen of them, the unused tickets being all to the profit of this new banker and financier—the great Cook. In this Mabommedan land I may use its language, and say, in Turkish idiom, " Cook great, and combination and commission | e nis pi are his profits!" Decision of mind is a great comfort to those who possess it, as saving trouble when a choice comes., To one side of Smyrna lies the road to Ephesus, with its calls across the I ages from, the Ephesians, their great Diana J and greater St. Paul. As a counter attraction! and matter for choice, my guide suggests a. journey of a like distance in another direc tion. He says, " Come and see Niobe and Magnesia!" ' The novelty of the mixture of such names was very funny. We recall magnesia in a chemical sense only, and mostly in conncc-| tion with rhubarb, and the tastp of it as a white powdered covering jor pilld,,. This new association of if with a wbmahly.hajne was« bewildering for a while, and ft .was hot onto { one had considered it that the question came ob to what it meant "Magnesia,*' it' is explained, ''is an up country town, 40 miles distent, and known ah Sipylum in Homer's time—taking snch name from a neighbouring mountain. Niobe is a rock-cut .womanly figure, 20ft high and 8ft across the shoulders, standing in a niche of the rocks py the roadside, with head in a, bowed attitude. The rocft pbove heria porous, the water' filtering through:.it cob-. tiftnoOSly ih drips, which, tailing on the head and running do wn thence over tht faoe, give the fighre the appearance of perpetually weeping It is of ,pnimown antiquity, and is now as'Homer saw and wrote ot >t" This whs quite a discovery, and made one anxious .and inquiring about the subject of it Magnesia or Mauisa, for it is known by both names, lies between.the, ancient Lydia and Phrygia backed by Mount Sipylus, on a spur of which Niobe sat and-wept herself into the state of stone in which she> is now to be Been. Some rock-cat tombs about the. figure are 'snppoaed to ,he those, of her murdered children.. . My guide.gives thestory as heard from many whom he has accompanied , on the journey, Niobe was a matron too proud of. her progeny. Biographers ^differ, as usual, ire ana ahd.as mapy. 