MELBOURNE GOSSIP. T^}?ao| . || $ r ' .&^ri>iidfiy,'{Xpm9. . ]i’0r tlio first time in my life I sympathise with tho Sabbatarians. They seem at last to have a legitimate grievance. -Vi jl meeting of tlie Geelong Presbytery, held last week, the' '• Eevl ‘ Mi-.’! Houston Unburdoned himself. He called attention to the .fact that two "Subday, stemiiers were '“trading” between 'Melbourne and Goelon<° Tho trade consisted in tho carrying of live stock.; Ho, complained that thoy “ disturbed the quiet of tho town.” Now, Geelong is proverbial for its quietness. Cough at the wharf on tho busiest day of the week, and „ the. grass-grown streets aro suddenly • alive with “ disturbed” humanity, anxious to know if an earthquake has devolved itself on the shores of Corio Bay. To intensify tho griovnneo we aro informed by the reverend gentloinan that the Protestant Ministers’ ■ Association renionsti*ated witli tho owners of tho steamers, and that tho only ‘ response '. with which thoy wero favored was ‘the 'putting on of two additional at earners ! . Tho. Rev. Mr. Baird' protested ...against 'this, affirming tliat one of the steamers was for tho purpo'sd1 of 'carrying''the church-goers of Geelong to. the metro politan churchos. He further added that, in his opinion, tins was a desecration of tlie Sabbath!.- Tho Rev. Mr. M'Dougall supported his friend, and said that tho arrival of three steamers from Melbourne attracted a number of sorvnnt girls to the wharf on Sunday, The Geelong Presbytery lias my glowing sympathy. For tho godless of Melbourne' to invade “Sloppy Hollow” on Sunday after this fashion is a real desecration of the Sabbatli. . Advance proud liberty oil tho wings of freedom! When will this miserable and con temptible jealpusy, that confronts us at'every turn, cease. If' wo want to excludo tlio Chinese; to have our defonces reported on by an experienced British officer, or oven to exterminate' tho bunny, wo are encountered with difficulties on every sido by Sir IleiiEy Parkes. The wisdom of our proposals are admitted, , the expediency of prompt action not denied, but tho result . is an interminable ^ delay ; bocause tho proposals have originated in Victoria, and not in tho fossilated brain of tho great Sydney freetrader. Unanimity must prevail, or all attempts at-, greatness prove futilo: Caii'the sin all-pox, or phylloxera,, or the . rabbit, ,or, thousands. of other common plagues be effectually dealt with if this miserable policy; of 'little-: mindedness bo pursued by the states-! men of,tho sister colony?,;..Every-day convinces us still more that^he advent of Parkes to pbwei\\.\yas [a groat and fatal mistake, and one that 'should he remedied' with : all [possible .cbnvoui j, Matthew Cook... who(‘has attained the.maturo ago of 40," is not .disposed tb, /[yield1' the • fididus/. privileges att'oii'daiiViip.on'.g dining out .” to.; tlio bloated •;white' i-inair.j., [Matthow • is , a nativo,; of . Calcutta,[/and. of 'spblo cuticle. ‘ He started' at one o’clock to ape tho wild freaks of-ye young bloods of society.'"'HeK smashed several Windows,.in thenewly-erected town hou?e of -Sir • William Clarke. He performed his great '.work of demolition wi'tlr - an'1 iron ^bhr: ■ He afterwards proceeded, to, ■ the: .'Melbourne cricket ground,: and pulverised nearly every window in the pavilion. After this he proceeded on liis way of devastation. The 1 telephone was ; brought into requisition, and ' Matthow’s career abreviated accordingly. When brought befdro . the' court ho admitted his delinquincies with an admirablo can dour that puts to shamo tho prevari cating, white limn. Ho said that on passing Sir William’s mansion ho saw them eating chickens inside, and ho felt mudlhat lie should not be in it. Very natural indeed, Mr. Cook! .1 have often had-tho same fooling take possession, of me when I heard tho popping of corks from some banquet ting hall,' as I wended my serpentine way homewards in the-early morning,, with no bettor supper awaiting mb than bread and cheese, and a miser able half-pint of half-and-half, with tho anticipated dread, of hearing a falsetto voice remind me that I liavo had “ quite enough already.” I have always sanguinary intentions when I behold a fisherman. A fellow nearly lost his lifo a few days ago iii the Yurra by jumping in to ovado me when ho behold tho murderous glare iu my oyo, as I dropped across him, quietly ; seated on. the bunks of the pellucid stream.' I. have been the •victim of fishermen sinco I, wits a boy. There isn’t! a"' spot in,the country I havu’t visited some timo or another upbn ‘ tlio'' representation of. thosp romancing1 cheats. I look upon ji fisherman as tho biggest liar in creation. I take it that tlio genus must h‘ayo' libd1 its • origin .iii Yankee land. Tired of* lying in the beaten, track, they have shifted the sqene , of opera tions to the clouds and the dry land. The- latest tiling we hear in the1 way of1 ii “ big14cafck ” cbines this 'time froiinNew South Wales, ,It appears that a shower of fish has .fallen at Giudoe, .and-.that tlie inhabitants are now engaged iii''sending up■ balloons anil kiteilj'b'aited with' worms, for the ■purpose of i \ developing, the., “,pow industry,”;,f|, ,i;;-a • . This , |iatest, [ “ crammer” of, Isaac ’ Walton’s disciples lias had "its due effect already.- ■: A pobr '■ -‘ devil at Ballarat last week was brought before tlie court ,under .unusual .circum stances, .induced, no doubt, by‘reading of tliis' fiyiiig-fish racket' uC'Gindeb. He was fodiid in the Yarrowee: Creek perfectly nakedj., There . was ,nothing unnatural'in this, nor "was'there any indication of'iunacy. Ho said, how ever, that lie was fishing for trout, and that ho dropped his tongue out for bait. Thu bench considered that tho Faster festivities had brought them on, ■ and' the poor “ wretch was remanded for medical treatment. For my part,' I think that'ovbry fellow that handles a rod and-line;;,ought to bo sent to Giudoe. Thesis very holidays I went to a place where I was told “we’d catch a curt-load of fisli.” . Due preparations were made. Provisions 'of all kinds, including a liberal [vintage, were duly- secured, and a start made. In three nights and two days ;I- got Atop bites and. a nibble./ These two bites and a'nibble cost mo about £7 10s. The fellow that pro poses a fishing excursion to mo, again had bettor make provision promptly, to prevent the legacy duty falling too heavily upon his heirs, executors, and assignees. Faith, wo arc going the pace in latter days with an alarming impetus. Wo are not content to do things after the fashion of our fathers. This im patience of restraint, this dosiro to ignore the good old customs of our forefathers, has become an epidemic in Australia in latter days. An old follow at Williamstown the other day made a desperate attempt -to cut his throat, because lie was dying of, a galloping consumption ! Everything is worked at such high pressure in latter days that follows can’t actually wait for nature to do its work in its own way, without hurrying on the process themselves. [ It seems almost a pit}' that those impatient explorers are not allowed to have their own way. Thoir departure on the grand tour would leave more elbow-room for a hoalthior class of colonists. Tho mimic war at Easter was an unparalleled success. The troops and fleet were in action, and tho heart of the colony throbs with glowing patriotism at tho result. Wo have had demonstrated to our entire satis faction that if the Heads are lighted up with the electric light, and the entrance illuminated as if it were broad daylight, that the enemy wouldn’t have the ghost of a show of entering the Bay—the day and hour of thoir proposed ontrance being, of courso, duly notified to tho defenders, as it was in .this case. This is eminently satisfactory. Tho thousands of pounds oxponded for tho purpose of proving this fact havo been well and wisely expended. Tho plan of tho whole thing has been drawn up by tho defenders, of courso; but that, however, doesn’t materially alter tho aspect of affairs. Tho Kussians are a courtoous nation. They would even allow the defenders luncheon, and would as nearly as possible adliero to the invasion scheme projected and observed by our local warriors.. We are a long-sutforing public ; but there is a limit, however, to human endurance. A movement is on foot to connect * Footscray with West, Mob bourne by a shortor route than' lias hitherto obtained. Anyone who has entered tho “ Queenly City of the South ” by any of the northern routes must havo been struck by tho vilo odors that permeate the ether between Footscray and the city. Hitherto the Footscray stinks havo had to wander over. aiCircuitpusjroutebgfororeaching the city. Any student of; chemistry knows that this was to our advantage. Now, however, that the truculent residents of the odoriferous suburb exposo their malignant designs thus openly, our patience is /[at length exhausted, and wo look' upon the benefactors with; natural -suspicion. There is such a thing as an excess of friendship; and this is ' quite, as dangerous as the most sinister dosigns of a secret enemy. The peoplo of Footscray arc too generous. Tho noblest profession may be de graded by tho unpopular'taetics of its disciples. And so it is with tho profession of burglary. What tho ornaments of this profession may think may easily be conceived, when it is known that tho bakery of Mr. Slcarr, Little Lonsdale 1 street, was broken into ou tho night preceding Good-Friday, and all; -his stock-in trade of buns carried oif. They took nothing - but buns——hot cross buns. This is tho meanest burglary on record, aud ill-calculated to givo a tone to tho profession. A bun burglary is as contemptible as it is rare. Apart from-the injury inflicted upon the baker, these mean specimens of a noble profession inflicted an irremediable wrong upon tho residents of Little Lonsdale street, who wont to sleep on Thursday in happy ignorance of a miserable awakening.;. 