iSTOYRAMONA.. .a STORY -BY HELEN JACKSON (H. B.) .'.uthor' of "Verses," "Bits of Travel," "Bits of Travel at li6me;"" '"Bits of Talk about Home Matters," etc. OIIAPTDRIXXYV-:(Continued.) . Except for', their sad ::errand . both Felipe aind; Aunt 1Ri would: h'ave' es p pii?iened..a keen delightira thiis ascent. Withheach fresh lit .on the piecipitoius terihies,:the viewoff to to the south and west,:broadened, until the whole San Jacinti" Valley' lay unrolled at their feet: The pines were granid; standing, they seemed shajely columns; fallen, the upper curve of ptheir huge.yellow: disks canme above, a maii's:head, so -massive was their !size. -- On :manyI of theni the: bark' had lb'een" riddled ifroii root to top, as b3y m}y raids of bullet holes. -In each hole had been cunningly stored :away ,::an acorn-the wood pecker's granaries. " Look at thet, naow !' exclaimed the observant Auntit Ri; ' an' thar's folks thet sez dumb critters ,ainlt got : bir'ins. They arii't noways dumb. to each other, -I-notice.; an' we air: dumb aourselves when we air ketched with turriners. I allow I'm next, door to dumb myself with this hyai" Mexican I'm er travellin' with.' 'That's so!' replied Same Merrill. ' When. we. fust got here, I thought I'd ha' gone 'clean' out. o' my head iryin' to make these Mexicans sense my meanin'; my'tongue wis plaguy little use to me.: But now I .can talk .theirlingo fustrate; biut pa, he can't.talk to 'em nohow; he hain't learned lthe fust word; 'n' he's' ben -here ggoin' on The miles seemed leagues to"Felipe. Aunt Ri's drawling tone, as she chatted volubly. with 'younig Merrill, chafed him. Howi could, she chattor ! But. :he thought this,' it would chance that in a few moments more he would see her claiidesti'nely' wiping-' away tears, and his. hearts would :ward to; her sgain. .., hey slept at aumiserable, cabin in one of the clearings; and at early dawn pushed on, reaching the Cabuilla village beforenoon. As their carriage came nl sight a great running.to and fro of people was to be seen.:: Sheh:" an event as the arrival of a comfortable carriage drawn by four horses had never before takea place in the village. The agitation into which :.the people had been. thrown by the murder of A::lcssandro had by no means subsifledi they were. all on the' alert, suspicious of each new 'occurrence.(. The. news . ad only just reached the village that F'arrar had .been- set at; liberty;', and would no tbe punished' for his crilne, and the flames of indignation _and desire for vengeandoe; whicithe(' aged COapitan had . so muc.i difficulty. in allaying in the outset, .wero-,bursting forth :again' this ?morning. It was therefore a crowd of hostile and lo?erc ing f.aces which gathered, aroundi the carriage as it :tbopped in. front of the .Capitan's house.. . Aunit Ri's face was ailudicrous study "of ;mingled terror; defiance; and dcohn tempt: . : Uv all: ther lo do n; no-'count; beggarly trali ever ..lTid eyes .n,' she. said, ina low :tone to "Merrill;, :Iallow 'these yere air the whst'! :But I allow. they'd flatten us all aIout 'ini jest abut ai mniinniteof they wuz to set .aout tow !.:,Ef: shoe ain't hyar,ive air in as drape? I??illow.' .-.Oh,:: they're, 2friendly ..;'enough,' laughged. M.irill:.',`ý"They' all 'stirred up, now, abiot,, the. :killin' o' that Injun'; that's whatmnakes 'em look;so fierce. I doi't wonder ! :'Twas a derired mean thing Jim Farrar did , a firin' into the man after he 'was 'dead. I don't blame him for killini' th::ouss, .not a bit; I'd have shot any man livin" that ad taken a good horse o' mine up that trail, • That's the only' law "we :stock "men y'e got out ifi this country. ieWe've ot to protect otirselves. But it was a mean low-lived trick to blow the feller's face to pieces after he was "dead ;but Jim's a rough felleri'' I aspect he was so mad when hie see his horse that h9 didn't know what he did? Aunt Ri was half paralysed with astonishment at this speech. 'Felilpe 'had leaped, out of the carriage, and' after a few words with the' old Capi tan had hurried with him into his house. PoFelipe had evidently for-' " gotten that she was still in the ear.ringo. His going into the house' lodoked as if Ramona were, there.: Au??t Ri, in all her indienation and! astonishmeus, was conscious of thisi train of thought run?ing through her mind; but not even the near prospect of seeing Ramona could bridle her tongue now, or make heir dofer ro p lying to the extraordinarystatements h had ~just heard. The words seemed to choke her as she began. 'Young man,' she said, 'I donno much abaout yeour raisin'. I've heered yeour folks wu? great on re ligioni., 'Nao, we ain't, Jeff 'n' ine; we warn't raised thet way; but I allow; of I-. wuz'ter hear my.boy, Jos, -he's abaout yeour age, 'n' make tow, though his narrerer chested,-ef I should hear him say ..what .yeow've jes tsaid',I allow I. sh'd .expect. to see: hin struck by lightnin' 'n' Ish'cdn't think he had gotmore 'n hisidesIorts; I allow sh'dn't !' What more Aunt Ri would 'have' said to Itlio aistouinded Merrill -V as never known; for, at. that instant tlioe? old Capitani, returning to the door, beckoned to, her; and springing from'" her seat to othe ground;, sternly reject in g; Sani's offeired'hand,she 'hastily entered the i siiso. As she crossed the thieshblildFelipe turned an anguished face .ntowards her and- ;said;: Come, speal to hlier.'i He-was on his kniees` by a wretched pallet: on" the floor. Was that ' ,Ramona ?.hat pi ostrato? forni hiair dishevelled; eyes glitteing, cheeks scarlet, hands playing mian inglessly, like the hands of oneei crazed, with a rosary of gold beads ? Yes, it was Ramona; and it was like this she liad lai n here now ten days; and the people had;'exhausted all their simiple skill for her ini vain.'" ;,4Auut HRi burst into:'iters. I" ' Oh htawd!' she said. 'Ef" I' hiad some'' ' oldman' hyar,. Id bring her aout ?r thet fever! I dew beleeve I seed some on 't growin' not more 'n er mile back' And. without a second look, ol0another word, she ran out of the door, -and .springing into thieo cariiage, said, speaking faster than she. 'had. been heard to)ispeak .for thirty years : ' Yeow jest turn raoun:d 'n'-drive me back a piece, the way we come. allow I'll get a weed thet'll break thet :fever: :! Faster, faster.!' Run yer' hosses... 'Tain't above er mile back, whar I seed. it,'. she cried. lenaingo out~ eagerly soritinisingi each inch of the barren ground. ' Stop p Here 't is !' she cried. ' I knowed I' smelt the bitter on 't somewhars along; hyar; and in a few minutes more she had a mass of the soft, shining, gray, feathery leaves'in her hands, and was .urging:the horses fiercely on their: way back. ' This'll cure her, of enny thing will,' she said, as she entered the room again; but her heart sank. arisshe saw Ramona's eyes roving. restlessly over Felipe's face, no sign of recognition in them. 'She's bad;' she said, her lips trembling; ' but ' Never say die !' cz allers our mottod; 'tain't never tow late fur ennything but oncet, 'n' yer can't tell when that time's come till it's past 'n' gone.' Steaming bowls of the bitterly odorou'inifusion she held at Ramona's nostrils; with infinite patience she forced.; drop after drop of it between the unconscious lips; she bathed the hands and.. head, her own hands blistered by'the heat. It was a fight Before night Ramona was asleep. Felipe and Aunt Ri sat by her, strange but not uncongenial watchers, each taking heart from, the other's devotion. All night long Ramona slept.. As Felipe watched her, he re membered his own fever, and how she had. knelt by his bed and prayed theie`. He glanced around the room. In: a' nicm e in the mud Wall was a cheap .print of the Madonna, one candle just smouldering out before it. The v'illage people had drawn heavily on' their poverty-stricken stores, keep ing candles burning for Alessandro and R?amiona, during the ast: ten -days. .The. rosary had, slipped . from Ramona's. hold; taking it cautiously in his hand, Felipe -went to the Ma donna's.,picture, and falling on his knees, began to pray as simply as if he weor alone. The Indians , tanding on the doorway, -also fell on their knees;:and a low-whispered murmur was heaid. .For a momenit 'KAunt .'i ilooked at the :kneeling' figures .withi contempt. ' Oh Lawd :! she thought, 'the pore heathen, prayin'.ter a pictel!' · Then a sudden irvulsion seized her. 'I allow. I ain't :gwine ter be the unly one out er the hull .inumber thet don't :seem" to lhevy nothin' ter '.pray:ter'= I allow. I'll jiiie .in:prayer, tew, but I shan't say niine -to no picteir'! And Aunit iTh fell'on her knees and heni s'lipped a rosary into her hand,; Aunt Ri' did: not' epulse it, but hid:'it 'i the folds of her gown till' tiio 'prayers 'were done.: '.It was a momeift dnd?.a l Auson t? A i neve or forgot..: CHAPTER XXVI. TTn Cgapitan's houtse faced, the -east. Justs as day.: broke, anid "th' ''light '?stiearnedlin at the open door, Ramona's .:eyes unclosed . Felipe and: Aunt?Ri i:were both by her side. W'ith a'look' of bewildered terror she gazed at the6ii. '. Thar, thai, naow ! Yer jest shot? yor eyes 'n go right off ter sleep agin,g honey,' said Aunt.. Ri, composedly,' playing her hand.on Ramona's eyelids,: and compelling them down. 'We air hyar, Feeleepy 'n me, 'n we air goin' ter stay. I allow yer needn't be ateerd o' nothin'. Go ter sleep, honey'. _.The eyelids quivered beneath Aunt .Ri's fingers. Tears forced their way,' and, rolled slowly down the.cheeks. The lips trembled; the voice strove to` speak, but it was only like the ghost, of a whisper, the faint question that' came-' Felipe?' ' Ye, dear! I am here, too,' breathed Felipe; 'go to sleep, W,.e will not leave you!' And again Ramona sank away into the merciful sleep which was saving her life. 'Ther longer she kirn sleep, ther better,' said Aunt Ri,. with a sigh, deep-drawn like, a groan. ' I allow I dread ter see her reely come to. v'T'll be wus 'n the first; she'll hey ter live ; it all over again !' But Aunt Ri did not know what forces of fortitude had been gathering in Ramona's soul during these last bitter years. Out of her gentle con stancy had . been woven the heroic fibre of which martyrs are made;' this, and her inextinguishable faith had made her strong, as were those of old, who 'had trial of cruet mocking, vandered about, being destitute, af flicted,'tormented, wandered in deserts and in mountains," and in dons and ..caves.of the..earth.' :W'hen she i\aked the second time, it was with da calm, almost beatific nsmild' thait:slihe' gazed on Folipe, and whispered, ' How did you find me, dear Felipe ?' It was rather by the iotioisifo:sof her lips than by any sound tha. he knew.the w.nords.' She had not yet strength .enough to make an :audible, sound. When they laid her baby oiin-her breast she smiled again, and tried to embrace her, but was too weak e 'Pointing to the baby's eyes, she whlisper'ed, gazing earnestly at Felipe ' Alessandro.'. A convulsion assed over her., face as she spoke the ;word.: and the tears flowed. : Felipe could not speak. le glanced helplessly at -.Aunt Ri, who promptly responded, "' Niiow-. lioney, don't yeow :talk: ''T aintr good .fur ye; 'n Fee leepy 'n me, -.we air in a powerful hurry3ter git: yor stfrong 'n well; 'a tote ye out or this'='' -Aunt Ri stopped. No- siibstantive' 1in' hei. vocabulary "answered her' ineedat thlaf moment. 'I allow3;yekin go 'n aweek, ef nothin' don't.go agin .y moren' I see naow; but ef ycr 'get-ter talkiri', thar's no tellin' when yer'll git up. Yeow jest shet, up,.i lnie? '."We'll look arter everythin'Vi y Feebly Ramona tuirned her grateful inquiring eyes 'ont. F~lipe.: Her lips fiamed the woids, With you ?'.. 'Yesi dear,' home with me,' said Felipe, clasping. hed~ iand in his 'I have beeon seiarching for you all this Ananxious look came inti the sweet face?_.. Felipe .knew. what it meant. .How often he had .eon it in the olden time. !t.He.feared 'to shock.:her by the uiidddenomention of the Seno'ra's death ; yet :.thaht "wouild harm. her. less than co0ntinued anxiety. ' I am alone, dear Ramona,f'he whispered. 'There is no one now but you, my sister, to take ciare of me. M? .mother has been dead ' "Phe' eyes dilated; then filled with sympathetic teiars. ' Dear Felipe !' she,: sighed; .but : her heart took courage:.,: Felipe's phrase was, like onfe inspired,? another duty, another work,,' aiother, loyalty, waiting for i.ifmona. Not only her child to live tor, but to ' take care of Felipe l' Ra mona would::not;.:'die ! Youth, a mother's love, a- sister's affection and dulty; .on thl side 'of life--the battle was w-on, and?oi- n quickly too. To' the: simple i;ahuillas it seemed like a miracle; and they looked on Aunt lRi'?. weather-beaten face with something o'akin to a superstitious reverence.' They themselves were not" ignorant: of the value of the wrought thoinarvellous cure; but they had made repeated experiments with it upon Ramona without success. It must: be that :there .had been some potent spell in Aunt Ri's handling. They would hardly believe her when, in answer.to their persistent question ing, she reiterated the assertion that she had used nothing except the hot water and ' old man,' which was her name for the wild wormwood; and which, when explained to them, im pressed them greatly, as having no doubt some significance in connection with the results of her preparation of the leaves. ('o beo continued.) 