CURRENT NOTES. WE understand that the Government are very particular as to the qualifications of gentlemen whom they place upon the commission of the peace. Education, however, does not appear to be a necessary qualification, if we may judge by the following, which is a fac simile, of a letter written by one of .the brilliant bands of J.P.'s recently appointed by the good Government:—"Oct. 1887.—deer sur — Fpies to forwade me the poelice asks I lentt you laste mounthe for us j Pass (?) want em nexte corte day." THE art of advertising is a great one, and he who can take advantage of unforeseen misfortunes, and turn them to advertising account, may lay claim to genius. Such a one is Mr. Tar- Paving Jones, of Abbotsford. By some mistake the announcement of his death appeared in the newspapers, whereupon Mr. Jones had his photo, taken to show that he was still in the flesh, affixed it to his business cards, and added the following note : —" Having fortunately been able to postpone my funeral in consequence of the non-production of the ordinary medical certificate, I now propose, notwithstanding my evident decease, as per quoted advertisement, to continue to solicit orders for tar-paving as here tofore ; to promise prompt and satisfactory execution of same; also a rendition and collection accounts, in every respect as if I had not left this mundane sphere, For convenience of identification, and to prevent any Unauthorised Ghost from successfully personating me, my photo, is attached." Mr. Jones, it may be added, is a son of Mr. C. E. Jones, M.L A.., so that it will be seen he is a chip of the old block in losing no opportunity of getting a little profitable publicity. THE cable brings us news from the old world of an interesting but not altogether disagreeable nature. The publication of the terms of the secret treaty entered into between Germany and Austria in 1879 is said to have aroused extraordinary interest throughout Europe. That interest is not confined to Europe, but extends even to Australia. In anything that affects the Russian Bear, Australia feels a deep interest, for there seems to ha\ r e been a feeling that Russian invasion of Australia was one of the probabilities in the event of any European war. The terms of the treaty should, however, tend to allay that fear, since it seems tolerably plain that in case of a ' ruction," Russia will require all its offensive and defensive power at home. With the German eagles tearing at his eyes, the Russian Bear will not have much leisure to think of worrying the distant Kangaroo. THE Privy Council has given its decision in the the case of Coultas v. The Railway Commissioners. This case, it will be remembered, arose out of an accident which took place in May, 1886. Mr. Jas. Coultas and,his wife were driving in their buggy along Swan-street to the railway gates, near Burnley station. The gates were closed, but the gatekeeper opened them for the buggy to pass through. The buggy was on the up rails when a train was seen approaching from Hawthorn. The gatekeeper called to Mr. Coultas to come back, but, believing it to be safer to drive on, he did so. The train just missed striking the buggy ; but Mrs. Coultas, who was in delicate health, received a violent shock, and was much prostrated. In November of 1886 Mr. and Mrs. Coultas brought an action for damages against the Victorian. Railway Department on account of Mrs. Coultas' injuries, caused by the gatekeeper's negligence in allowing tli em on the line when a train was approaching. The jury found a verdict of £742, of which £342 was awarded to the husband for loss of services, and £400 to Mrs. Coultas for injuries sustained. Ihe point raised by the Railway Commissioners, that as there had been no impact there could be no injuries, was reserved for the decision of the Full Court, which held against the view of the Department. Against this decision the Railway Commissioners appealed to the Privy Council. The £nvy Council lias reversed the finding of the Full urf c > and has upheld the contention of the Commissioners that without impact there can be no legal injury. If there is no mistake about the cable m< ssage, we can only say that the finding is an extraordinary one, and onenot based upon justice. Shock, fright, mental injury, even death,may be caused by a narrow escape from accident as in the Coultas case, and the Railw ay Commisioners will not be lieble, however great the negligence, because no actual " impact " took place. The contention is opposed to all common sense. The English law recognises the fact that there can be assault without battery, but its Privy Council maintains that there can be no injuries without impact. Mr. VV. S. Gilbert nee i not go further than the Privy Council for the subject of his next absurd coinic opera THE recent election of the honorary staff of the Melbourne Hospital made it manifest that subscribers to our charitable institutions take a lively interest in them, and endeavour to secure the best men for the places. The post of honorary surgeon or physician to an hospital is coveted by medical men, for it enables them to gain much varied experience, and it further carries with it a position that gives eminence and increased private practice to the occupant of the office. The charitable public will be called upon next month to elect additional honorary physicians for the Women's Hospital, and we trust that the subscribers to that very deserving charity will see that the posts are not given to old fossils or raw, inexperienced doctors. The Women's Hospital is one in which there is great need of specialists—men who have had a long experience of the diseases peculiar to womenkind. Such men as Drs. Balls- Headley, Burke and others may be singled out as gentlemen specially qualified for the posts which they hold. These gentlemen are already upon the staff of the Women's Hospital, and it is to be hoped that the election next month will give them so able, worthy and fit a confrere as Dr. Felix Meyer. Dr. Meyer is a specialist in feminine ailments. He has spent many years in active and energetic work in the Women's Hospital, and it is a matter for congratulation that now, when he has acquired a large private practice, and already made his name celebrated as a woman's doctor, he should be willing to devote his skill as honorary physician to the institution in whbh he spent the earlier days of his profession and made his name. We look upon Dr. Meyer as one of the very brightest ornaments of his profession, and one whose name will yet become famous outside the limits of the colony, for he is not only a clever medical man and a specialist, but he is a deep and di*iginal thinker, possessing not merely the medical lore of past workers, but the originality to think for himself. He has the skill to conceive and the courage to carry out his ideas for the alleviation of suffering humanity. In saying this much we are but repeating well-known news to most of the subscribers to the hospital, but there may be one or two who do not know that Dr. Felix Meyer, the candidate, is the same Dr. Meyer to whose skill and attention the Women's Hospital in the past owed so much of its high repute. Though his election as honorary medical officer may be regarded as almost certain, it is yet advisable that that election should be such as to indicate the esteem in which tried ability is held The state of the poll, based upon the relative merit and fitness of the candidates for the posts, should place the name of Dr. Meyer easily first. THOSE in our midst who make woman's world and work their special care will be gla» to hear that the sphere of woman's labour in America is being " widened by the process of the suns." In the approaching month of March there will be held at Albaugh's Opera House, in \Vashington city, an international council of women to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of the woman suffrage movement-. Every department and branch of woman's work will be represented at this council, and it is thought that it will be the biggest woman's meeting ever held on earth. Literary clubs, art unions, temperance unions, labour leagues, missionary, peace and moral purity societies, charitable, professional, educational and industrial associations, will all be represented, and these women delegates will have a grand jubilee over the advancement and increased rights and mights of the sex since the first public demand for equal industrial, professional, educational and political rights for women was made at Seneca Falls, New York, in 1S48. The council will continue for eight days, and there will be sixteea public sessions, at which will be received reports of woman's progress from every part of the globe. The American papers generally devote a good deal of space to tliis "'emancipation of woman," and some useful suggestions are frequently made in the Press of the United States. Here is one, for instance—" Every day se s some lovely and gracious and refined woman forced to lay aside her social duties and take up the harder task of supporting her family. It is strange that of these numbers there is not one who becomes a caterer and conductor of dinner parties, suppers, etc. Many ladies would be glad on sucli festive occasions to transfer the care of their drawingrooms and diningrooms, the decoration, table setting, etc., etc., to some one of experience, refine' ment and unimpeachable taste." When, too, a little outspoken language is wanted those papers are not found behindhand Thus says a New Orleans journal:—" It looks very much as if the day would come when all the doings of womankind, all their charities, works, studies, would be conducted in a club. Nowadays young ladies do not think they can read poetry, practice music, study art, visit the sick, give charity to the poor, except by organising themselves into clubs. It can almost be said that lovely woman is a club, A lot of lazy young ladies have copied an English fashion, and have joined an Early Rising Society, pledging themselves to abstain from lying in bed later than six o'clock, and to perform certain commendable duties before breakfast. A society that will trundle a healthy young woman out of bed early in the morning, and have her to make up a pan of rolls or an omelette for the family breakfast-table, is worth twenty societies for the sudy of Browning, and should be encouraged heartily." There is a good practical flavour about this suggestion, to not only get girls up early, but to give them something useful to do when they are up that will commend itself to all fathers of families. WITH regard to the sphere of politics, as well as ot labour, we may, without expressing any decided opinion at present, call attention to the fact that an American judge has paid a high tribute to the ladies as voters. Judge Adams, secretary of the state historical society, has just completed'a compilation of the recent municipal vote, which was the first one taken under the new law giving to women the right to vote. The compilation shows that in 232 cities of the state which voted there was a total of 90,194 votes, of which 64,840 were male votes and 25,348 female votes Judge Adams' report is accompanied by the following statement: - " I have been most thoroughly impressed with the conviction that the people of Kansas at last springs election completely solved the woman suffrage question. It is no longer a question whether women want to vote—they do want to vote. This is proven by the fact that they have voted at the first opportunity given them, i'hey voted with an intelligent, zealous, earnest interest in the good of the community in which they have their homes. If the issue involved in the election of any town was one affecting merely the local material interest of the community, they voted with good judgment and for the common welfare. If the question was as to better school management, they voted for the best, if it whs for the street, sanitary or other reforms, they voted prudently for what seemed to be the good of all demanded. If it was for a change of an administration notoriously involved in speculations with waterworks or other corporations, they voted to deliver the city from such corrupt entanglements. If political parties, controlled by saloon influence, put up candidates with the odour of whiskey on their garments, the women rebuked the party managers and voted for candidates who would better promote the moral welfare of the community ; in every instance they voted for home and fireside, for the freeing of the community from those deinoralising influences and temptations from which every good woman would deliver those of her own household. I have been impressed with the reports received showing the orderly and quiet character of the elections. There was no dissent from the testimony on this point." He comments upon the unexpectedly large vote of women and upon the healthy influence of their presence in banishing riot and disorder from the polling places. He remarks upon the courtesies everywhere extended the lady voters, and gives statements as to how the men of all parties vied in escorting the ladies to the polls in carriages ; how the ladies came to the polls accompanied by their husbands, sometimes in groups, and quietly deposited their votes and retu ned to their homes, and how sometimes they came by scores and fifties from points of assemblage, and in some instances from churches, where they had met and prayed together before coming. The next "boom" in Victoria is expected to be female suffrage, so we give Judge Adams as a powerful weapon to those who advocate " the ladies." IF the public health is to be preserved it will be necessary to adopt more drastic punishment than a fine for the offenders. On Tuesday, at Coburg, a corporation nightman named Bull*was proceeded against for depositing nightsoil on the premises of a Chinese gardener named Sam Ah Pow, situated at Moreland-road, - on the night of the 30th January. According to the Herald, defendant in a rather jovial manner said, " [ plead guilty ;" and turning to those present in court, made an oration about the council, and said he must put the stuff somewhere. He capped this piece of impertinence by saying that he could prove is was not a nuisance. The posing of a nightman as a sanitary authority would be amusing but for the fact that the pub'ic health is not a laughing matter. The chairman of the bench said that as this was defendant s first offence, he would be fined 30s., with 10s. costs, but if the offence was repeated he would be subjected to a very heavy penalty. "How much, Mr. Clerk?" said defendant, and on being told, said, " Right, that's not a great deal." This levity shows that offenders do not regard their practices in a very serious light, and the sooner that a little imprisonment—without the option of a fine—wakens them to a sense of their misdeeds the better. The method adopted by this offender and his Chinese friend, Ah Pow, was both ingenious and disgusting. The inspectors stated that the wily Chinese gardeners had a pit made, 8ft. by 10ft. wide, and 4ft. deep, constructed about six feet from the boundary fence. An entrance to the same w*,t effected by a wooden trench about 3ft. wide/Avhich led up to the fence, and this enabled the ni$itman to shoot the soil into the pit without going oil to the land. The assistant-inspector stated he saw two men going to the pit after the load had been deposited and take bucketsful of the stuff out and put it over the vegetables. The pit was covered over with weeds and rubbish for the purpose of secrecy. The care taken to hide the offensive matter plainly showed that the offenders could not plead ignorance of the law, and if the offence is repeated it will be due to the absurdity of imposing lenient fines upon the defendants guilty of these filthy practices. IT will doubtless be very pleasing to our Chinese fellow-citizens to learn that the Emperor is about to decorate some of his subjects in Victoria. He has created three prominent Chinese residents of .Melbourne mandarins of the sixth class, these being the first resident mandarins we have ever had in Australia. We have thus another fountain of honour started flowing in Australia. The Queen is the original fountain that fertilises Colonial Chiet Justices, Premiers, Speakeis and open-handed wool-growers. Tlien comes the Pope, who rewards loyal and faithful subjects of the Church with ' a ribbou for dolls to wear." Next come the Masons and Friendly Societies, who please themselves ami harm nobody by bestowing on each other such high-sounding titles as "Most Magnificent," "Noble Grand," and such like, and now we have his Celestial Majesty, the blood relative of most of the heavenly bodies, including the sun and the moon—the light of the world—the terror of the barbarian - the sniiter of the unfaithful—starting a line of Colonial honours of his o« u, 