DEAD MAN'S ROCK: A ROMANCE j BY Q, {Published by special arrangement with Messrs. Cawell & Co. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER VII. - TELLS HOW U>'CLE LOVEDAY MADE A DISCOVERY ; AND "WHAT THE TIN BOX COKTAIXED. An hour afterwards I was sitting at the bedside of my dying mother. The shock of that terrible meeting had brought her understanding-and death; for as her mind returned her life ebbed away. "White and placid she lay upon her last bed and spoke no word ; but in her eyes could be read her death-warrant, and by me that which was yet more full of anguish, a tender but unfading re proach. 1 his world is full of misunder standings, but seldom is met one so despe rate. How could I tell her no w % And how could she ever understand 1 It was all too late. "Too late! too late!" the words haunted me there as the bright sun struggled through the drawn blind and illumined her saintly face. They and the look in her sweet eyes have haunted me many a day since then, and would be with me yet, did I not believe she knows the truth at last. There are too many ghosts in my memories for heaven to lightly add this one more. She was dying-slowly and peacefully dying, and this was the end of her waiting. He had returned at last, this husband for whose coming she had watched so long. He had returned at last, after all his labor, and had been laid at her feet a dead man. She was free co go acd join her love. To me, child as I was, this was sorely cruel. Death, as I know not, is very merciful even when he seems most merciless, but as I sat and watched the dear life Blosvly drift away from me it was a hard matter to under stand. The pale sunlight came and flickered and went; but she lay to all seeming un changed. Her pulses' beat was failing failing; the broken heart feebly strug gling to its rest; but her sad eyea were still the same, appealing, questioning, re buking-all without hope of answer or ex planation. So were they when the sobbing fishermen lifted her from the body, so would they be until closed for the last sleep. It was very cruel. My father's body lay in the room below, with Uncle Loveday and Mrs. Busvargus for watchers. Now and again my uncle would steal softly upstairs, and as softly return with hopelessness upon his face. The clock downstairs gave the only sound I heard, as It marked the footsteps of the dark angel coming nearer and nearer. Twice my mother's lips parted as if to Bpeak, but though I bent down to catch her words I could hear no sound. So, as I sat and watched her waxen face, all the sweet memories of her came back in a sad, reproachful train. Once more we sat together by the widowed hearth, reading; once more we stood upon the rocky edge of Pedn-glaa and looked into the splendors of the summer sunset " for father's ship ." once more wo knelt together in Polkimbra Church, and prayed for his safe return ; once more I heard that sweet, low voice- once more? Ah, never, never more ! Uncle Loveday stole into the room on tip-toe, and looked at her ; then turned and ask id " Has she spoken yet i" "Ho." He was about to leave when the lips parted again, and this time she spoke " He is coming, coming. Hush ! that is his step!" The dark eye3 were ablaze with expec tation, the pale cheek aglow with hope. I bent down over the bed, for her voice was very low. 41 He is coming, I know it. Listen ! ! Oh, husband, come quicker, quicker !" | Alas ! poor saint, the step you listen for has gone before, and is already at the gate of heaven. " He is here ! Oh, husband, husband, you have come for me !" A moment she sat up with arms out stretched, and glory in iier face ; then fell back, and the arms that caught her were the arms of Gud. After the first pang of bereavement had spent itself Uncle Loveday got me to bed, and there at last I Blep:. The very be wilderment of so much sorrow enforced sleep, and sleep was needed ; so that, | worn out with watching and excitement, I I had not so much as a dream to trouble i me. It was 10 o'clock in the morning i when I awoke and saw my uncle sitting j I beside the bed. Another aun was bright j in the heavens outside ; the whole world . locked so calm and happy that my first : impulse was to leap up and run, as was 1 my custom, to mother's room. Then my ' eyes fell on Uncle Loveday, and the whole dreadful truth came surging into my awakened brain. I sank back with a low moan upon the pillow. Uncle Loveday, who had been watching me, stepped to the bed and took my hand. "Jasper, boy, are yon better V' After a short struggle with my grief I plucked up heart to answer that I was. "That's a brave boy. I asked, because I have yet to tell you something, I am a doctor, you know, Jasper, and so you may : take my word when I say there is no good in what is called ' breaking news.' It is always best to have the pain over and done with ; at least, that's my experience. ! Now, my dear boy, though God knows yon j have sorrow enough, there is still some- ! thing to tell; anu if you are the boy I ] take you for, it i3 best to let you know at cnce." , Dimly wondering what new blow for- i tune could deal me, I sat up in bed and : looked at my uncle helplessly. j ".Jasper, you think-do you not-that ' your father was drowned i" j " Of course, uncle." j "He was not drowned." i " JSot drowned !" "jSO, Jasper, he was murdered." \ The words came slowly and solemnly, ; and even withtheiirat shock of surprisa the whole truth dawned upon me. This, then, i explained the tifecfc my name had wrought : upon those two strange men. This was the reason why, as we sat together upon Dead Man's Rock, the eyes of John Eailton had refused to meet mine ; this was the reason why his murderer had : gripptd me so viciously upon B.sady- ; Money Beach. These few words of my | uncle's began slowly to piece together the ! scattered pu^/.le of the la3t two days, so ; that 1 half guessed the ans wer as I asked- ' "Murdered! How.-'' j "He was stabbed to death." { I knew it, for I remembered the empty ! sheath that hung at Khodojani's waidt, I and heard again Hailtou's words, "Cap tain, it -was your knife." As certainly as if I had fitted the weapon to its case, I knew that man had prompted father's murder. Even as 1 knew it my terror of j him faded away, and a blind and helpless j hate sprang up In its stead ; helpless now, I but some day to be masterful and worthy ' of heed. That the man who called himself (Jeorgio Rhodojani was guilty of one death I knew from the witness of my own eyes ; that he had two more lives upon his black account-for the hand that struck my father had also slain my mother-1 knew , as surely. "And the devil has got hia due, my laia !" No, not yet ; there was a till one priceless ' soul for him to wait for. j "Be wai stabbed," repeated Uncle : Loveday, " stabbed to the heart, and from behind. 1 found this blade as I examined your poor father's body. It j was broken oil' close to the hilt, and left j in the wound, which can hardly have bled j at all. Death must have been immediate, j It's a strange buaimas, Jaspor, and a strange blade by the look of it." 1 took the blade from his hand. It was about four inches in length, sharp, and curiously worked ; one side was quite plain, but the other was covered with in tricate tracery, and down the centre, bordered with delicate fruit and flowers, I spelt out the legend " RICOKDAT;." "What doea that word meanV' I asked, as I handed back the steel. My voice was BO calm and steady that Uncle Loveday glanced at me for a moment in amazement before he answered " It's not Latin, Jasper, bub it's like Latin, and I should think mast mean 'Remember,' or something of the sort." " 'Remember,' " I repeated. "I will, uncle. As surely as father was murdered, I will remember-when the time comes." They were strange words from a boy. My uncle looked at me again, but doubt less thinking my brain turned with grief, said nothing. " Have you told anybody f' I asked at length. '' I have seen nobody. There will be an inquest, of course, bat in this case an in quest can do nothing. Murderer and murdered have both gone to their account. By-the-way, I suppose nothing has been seen of the man who gave evidence. It was an unlikely tale ; and this makes it the more suspicious. Bless my soul \" said my uncle suddenly, ' 'to think It never struck me before ! Your father was to sail in the Belle Fortune, and this man gave the name of the ship as the James and Elizabeth." "It was the Belle Fortune, and the man told a falsehood." " I suppose it must have been." " I know it was." " Know How do you know ?" "Because the James and Elizabeth is lying at this moment in Falmouth Har bor, and her captain i3 down ab the 'Lugger.'" Thereupon I told how I had met with Captain Antonius Merrydew. Nay, more, for my heart ached for confidence, I re counted the whole story of my meeting with John Railton, and the struggle upon Dead Man's Rock. Every word I told, down to the dead man's legacy-the packet and letter which I hid in the cowhouse. As the tale proceeded my uncle's eyes grew Avider and wider with astonishment. But I held on calmly and resolutely to the end, nor after the first shock of wonderment did ho doubt my sanity or truthfulness, but grew more and more gravely infcg rested. (To le continued.) 