Brief Mention. Cardinal Manning is upwards of 80 years of age. At Brisbane maize is selling at 3s 7d per bushel. The Hon. Edward Flood died in Sydney on Sunday last. The Hon. Thomas Holt, of Sydney, died In England last week. A large area of potatoes are being planted on the river this year. Frost last week on the Clarence spoiled a great deal of the potato crop. Through the rise in price of maize a great quantity is now leaving the river. Ball under auspices of the Coraki L. O. L. at the Bridge- street Hall to-night. A company is being projected in Melbourne to supply a real ice-floor skating rink. There are at present no less than 680 prisoners confined in Darlinghurst Gaol. The Princess Sophie of Prussia has been betrothed to the Crown Prince of Greece. The want of confidence motion in the Vic- torian Assembly was defeated by 51 to 25. The Macleay is, Mr. See thinks, pretty well looked after as regards steam boat services. The Legislative Council of South Australia has passed tho Totalisator Bill through com- mittee. Tenders close on the 24th instant for the erection of a classroom at the Broadwater Public School. Church of England tea meeting and enter- tainment at Coraki on Wednesday, 26th Sep- tember. Prayers were offered up for rain in several churches in this district and on the Clarence, last Sunday. The crossing in Shaw's Bay at the Richmond Heads is reported to be in a worse condition than ever. A heavy fall of stone took place in the Wallsend mine last week, by which two men were killed. The Canadian Government are taking steps to place the defences of the Pacific Coast on a sure footing. Many Macleay River farmers have finished planting early crops ; some have the maize above ground. Mr. J. Dunsmore's tender has been accepted for the erection of a new hotel for Mr. W. Leese at Casino. A Cork band employed at the Irish Exhibi- tion in London recently declined to play the National Anthem. The Oceana, which left Melbourne for London last week, took away gold and specie valued at £43,927. A searcher after truths wants to know "why it is, with so many negroes dying, nobody ever sees a black ghost?" During the month the Melbourne Exhibition has been open the attendance has been 312,272 and receipts £15,620. Hewart, for the murder of Park, in the police court cell recently, was executed in Sydney on Tuesday morning last. Rev. Dean O' Sullivan will probably succeed the Rev. M. Callery, as pastor of the Casino Roman Catholic Church. Sequestration Orders — Thomas M'Fadden, hotelkeeper, Broadwater. Thomas Clarke, North Lismore, labourer. Reserves No 6, parishes Broadwater and Coraki, 700 acres, an No 6, parish Riley, 800 acres, have been revoked. Mr. See, M.L.A., who last week visited Port Macquarie, received a hearty reception and was entertained at a banquet. Holders of converted preleases and annual leases are reminded that rents for the ensuing year must be paid this month. In the case Thos. Coughran (of Casino) v. A. J. S. Bank, tried in Sydney on Monday, a verdict was given to the Bank. Mr. Gladstone hopes that an alliance between the Welsh and Scotch members will secure Homo Rule for both Wales and Scotland. The wharf labourers at Melbourne have voted £100 towards the assistance of the strikers, and other societies have given smaller sums. In two days at the Grafton Land Board, Mr. Chairman Trollope dealt with 65 cases. This is decidedly an improvement on the old system. A sale of Crown lands will be held at Ballina on the 28th instant. At Casino on 10th October, and Lismore on 10th and 24th October. Over 13.000,000 million feet of American timber will be landed in Sydney during the next few months. One of the benefits of free- trade. The Commercial Banking Company have moved into their new promises at West Mait- land, whioh have been erected at a cost of £17,000. Intelligence has been received by the Vic- torian Minister for Mines that a seam of coal 60 ft. thick has been discovered near Latrobe in that colony. Dr. Campbell, of Warkworth (N. Z.), who committed suicide, left, a letter asking that his head should he forwarded to Professor Halford, of Melbourne. A diver named Byers, at the Balls Bridge, Melbourne, was buried in the silt for three quarters of an hour, and was nearly exhausted when rescued. Says the Macleay ARGUS : — The blood of the editor of the lower Clarence ADVOCATE is thirsted for up Lismore way. Why do the heathen rage ? The Farmers' Union at Orange his disband- ed, consequent on frequent discussions of Free- trade v. Protection, the majority of the mem- bers being Protectionists. A meeting of Roman Catholics at South Aus- tralia has entered an energetic protest against the Divorce Extension Bill now before the Parliament of that colony. A rather stormy meeting was held at Lismore last Saturday night in reference to the action of the Council removing the street lamps from the centre to the footpaths. Sir Daniel Cooper, in a letter to the TIMES points out that the agitation for the abolition of the sugar bounties is merely a desire for free trade in the sugar industry. Queensland is threatened with an influxion of Chinese. It is stated that 100 Chinamen intend crossing the border from the Northern Territory about a month hence. Dr. Roderick Macdonald has been appointed Government medical officer and vaccinator for the district of Tweed River, vice Dr. Armitage Forbes, who has left the district. The trowel used by Governor Sir Dominie Daly in laying the foundation stone of the Adelaide Town Hall, has been some time in possession of a pawnbroker there. The Hon. J. H. Young, in addressing his constituents at Taree, last week, referred to the probable legislation for next session, and was awarded a vote of continued confidence. At the inquest at Tamworth on the body of Keenahan, the victim of the Moor Creek tragedy, a verdict of willful murder was re- turned against Coulton, who shot the deceased. Mr. Rose, the protection delegate, addressed a good meeting at Tenterfield last Thursday evening on the fiscal question. An almost un- animous vote was recorded in favour of protec- tion. Mr. P. Hogan visited the Macleay in com- pany with Mr. John See last week. The ARGUS says :— Mr. Hogan wished it to be particularly understood his visit had no political significa- tion. Oh ! certainly not. Mr. John Gollan, of Wilson's Creek, recently suffered a heavy loss by the death of his draught stallion King of the Ring. Young Muir Lad has been purchased by Mr. Gollan to fill King of the Ring's engagements. In reply to a deputation, who pleaded for a commutation of the death sentence upon the prisoner Howart, the Premier said that his impression was that the Governor-in-Council would not be justified in interfering with, the operation of the law. The appeal of the prisoner Holt, ex -bank manager, against the decision of Mr. Justice Owen dismissing his application for an inter- locutory injunction to restrain the trustees of his estate from transferring his interest in the lease of the Rosehill racecourse to the bank, was dismissed by the Full Court on Monday. A late cable states that five colonies of Crof- ters, to comprise 8000, are being organised to settle in New Zealand. The capital required is £500,000 ; the public of New Zealand to contribute £150,000, and Maoris £50,000. The Government is to supply , the balance of the amount, which will be raised by debentures. 