riiflE HOLY SPIRITS THREE- X, FOLD CON VIC HON OF MEN. A Sebwon bt O- H. Spubgegn, And when Be 1 come, He will reprove til 3 world of kin, and of righteousness, and ot jadginent j of sin. because they believe not on tie 7 of rlghteons- oe s. btc»u.-e I go to my Father, and ye tee Me no more ; of judgmeat, because the prince cf this world it jadgei.'-Joha xvi. 8—11. The ApoatleB bad a stern task before them. They were to go into all nations and pro claim the Gospel to every creature, beginning at Jerusalem. Remember that only two or three years before they were simple fisher men, engaged upon tb8 Galilean lake— men of little or no education, men of no rank or standing. At best they were but Jews, and that nation was everywhere despised, while these peasants were not even men of repute among their own nation. Yee, these men were to tarn the world upside down. They were told by their Lord that they would be brought before rulers and kings for Hie sake, and that they would be persecuted wherever they went. They were to proclaim the Gospel in the teeth of the Imperial power t f Rome, the aocient wisdom of Greece, and the fierce cruelties of barnario land#, and to Bet up the kingdom of peaoe and righteousness. At the very time when they were about to receive their commission, they were also to lose the bodily presence of their great Leader. While He was with them they had felt no fear. If they were puzzled at any time by the Scribes and Pharuees, tbey resorted to Jesus, and they were rescued from bewilder ment. Never man spoke like that man ; never did such wisdom and prndence dwell in any mind as dwelt in the miod of Ohrtsi. His presence was their segis, the broad shield bebiud which they stood eecurely, whatever ehaftB might ba shot at them by their adver saries. But oow that He was to depart out of the world unto the Father they would be deprived of their fortrees and high cower ; they would be &s; children bereft of their rather, or, at best, as soldiers without a general. Here was a Bad case . Work given, and power withdrawn ; a battle beginning, and the conqueror captain leaving. 1\. First, we believe that a promise is bare made to the servants of Christ, that when they go forth to preach the Gospel fcbe Holy Ghost will be with them to reprove meu. By this is meaot. not so much to Bave them as to silence them. When the minister of Christ stands up to plead his Master's cause, another advocate appears in court, whose pleadings would make it hard for men to resist the truth. Observe how this reproof was given with regard to sin. On the day of PeutecoBt the disciples spoke with divers tc gues, as the Spirit gave them utterauoe. Men from all countries under heaven heard themselves addressed in their native tongues. This was a great marvel, and all Jerusalem rang with it 7 ad when Peter stood up to preach to the assembled multitude, and told tbe Jews that they had crucified tbe Holy One and the Juec, the tigne and wonders wrought by the Suirit iu the nme of Jesus were a witness which they could not refute. Tbe very fact that the Spirit of God had given to these unlettered men the gift of tongues was evidence that JesaB of Nazareth, of whom they epoke, w«s r<o impostor. It was laid down in tbe old Jewish law that if a man prophesied and his prophecies did not come to pass, he was to be condemned as a falae prophet ; but if that which he said came to pass, then he was a true prophet. Now, the Lord Jssus Christ had promised the outpouring of the Spirit, which bad also been foretold in reference to the Me«Biah by tbe prophet Joel. When, therefore, that mark of the true Messiah was B-t npon Jesus of Nazareth by the coming of the Holy Spirit and the working of miraoles, men were reproved for having refused to believe in Jesus. The evidence was brought home to tbem that they had wi n wicked hands crucified the Lord of G ory, and eo they etood reproved. AU the subsequent miracles went to prove the eame thing, for when the apostles wrought miracles the world was reproved of sin, btjause it believed not on Christ. It was not tha < a few disciples testified to the sin of the race, bat the Holy Spirit HimBelf made men tremble as by Hie deeds of power He bore witness to the Ljrd Jesus, and exhibited th fact that in crucifying Him the world had put to death tbe incarnate Son of God. Do yon not see the terrible power with which the first disciples were thus armed ? Io was more to them than the rod in the hand of Moses, with which be smote Pharaoh with so many plagues- It needed all the wilfulness of that stiff. cocked generation to resist the Hoy bpirit, and refuse to bow before Him whom they bad pierced. They were lull of malice and obstinacy, but is their secret hearts they were tore put to it, and felt that they were fighting against God, These twelve fisherman could not of them- eslvee have exhibited a new standard of righteousness among men. They could not on their own account have eec before all natiuad a higher ideal of moral excellence hut when the eternal power and majesty of the Godhead vouched for the righteousness of tbe Lord Jesas, the coarse of the apostolio church became like tbal of tbe eun in the heavens. ' Their lioe is gone out through all the earth, and their words to the end of the world.' None oould stand against them ; for, At when the morning breaks tbe darkness files, and tbe bats and the night birds hasten away, so when the messengers of mercy pro claim the righteousness of God man's hypocrisy and self-glorying flee away. II- Tbe Holy Spirit was to go with tbe preaching of th? word to convince men of three gre»t prominent troths. Toia was to be a saving worj : hey are to bB so convinced as to repent of sin, to accept of righteousness, and yield themselves to the judgment of theli >rd. Here we see as in a map the work of tbe Spirit upoo the hearts of those who are ordaiaed into eternal life. Those three effects are ail neceeeary, and each one is in the highest deg-A important to true conversion. First, the Holy Ghost came to convince men of Bin. It ig absolutely necessary that men should be convinced of sin. The fashionable theology ia — « Convince men of the goodness of God ; show them the nnivereal Fatherhood eud assure them of unlimited mercy. Win them by God's love, but never mention his Wrath against sio, or the need of an atone - meut, or the possibility of there being a place of punishment. Do not censure poor creatureB for their failings. Do not judge and condemn. , ® not search the heart or lead men to be lew-spirited and sorrowful. Comfort and encourage, but never accuse and threaten.' kes, that is the way of mn ; but the way of the bpirit of God is very different. He comes 4B purpose to conviooe van pi sin, to make hem ieei ihat they are gailty. greatly guilty „ —so guilty that they are lost, and ruined, ana undone. He comes to remind them not only of God's loveliness, but of their own anloveli- 4 ness ; of their own enmity and hatred to this God of love, and, consequently, of their terrible sin in thus ill-usiog one eo infinitely kind. The Holy G boat does not come to. make sinners confortable in their sins, but to cause them to grieve over their eins. He does not help them to forget their eihs, or to think little of tbem, but He comes to convince them of the horrible enormity of their iniquity. Itia no work of the Spirit to pipe to men's dancing ; He does noc bring forth flute, harp, dnlcimer, and ail kinds of music to charm the unbelieving into a good opinion of themselves; but .He comes to make sin appear Bin, and to let ua Bee i«B fearful con sequences. He comes to wound so that no human balm can heal'; to kill so that no earthly power can make us live. Tbe flowers cover the meadows when the grass is green ; but lo ! a burning wind comes from tbe desert, and the grass withereth, and the flower thereof falleth away. What is it that makes the beauty and excellence of human righteousness to wither as tbe green herb? Itaiah eays it ie ' becanee tbe spirit of the Lord bloweth upou it ' There ia a withering work of the Spirit of God which we must ex perience, or we shall never know His quicken ing and restoring power. This withering is a most needful experience, and just now needs much to be insisted on. To-day we have so many built up who were never palled down, so many filled who were never emptied, so many exalted who were never bumbled, that X the more earnestly remind you that the Holy Ghost must convince ua of ∈, or we cannot be saved. The next work of the Spirit is to convince men of righteousness — that is to say, in gospel terms, to show them that they have no righ«eouBneBB of their own, and no means of working righteoasufces, and that apart from grace they are condemned. Thu" He leads them to value the righteousness of God which is upon all them that believe, even a righteous ness which covers sin and renders them acceptable with God. Lend ine your ears a moment while I call your attention to a great wonder. Among men, if a person is convicted of wrong doing, the next step is judgment. A young man, for instance, has been in tbe service of an employer, and he has embezzled money. He is convicted of theft by process of law, and found guilty. What follows next? Wby, judgment is pronounced, and he must suffer penalty. But observe bow our gr -cious God interpolates another process- Truly, His ways are not our ways 1 1 He shall convince of ein — The next step would be judgment ; bat no, the L?rd inserts a hitherto unknown middle term, and oonvinceB 'of righteousness-' Be amazed at this The Lord t»kee a man, even when he is sinful and conscious of that sin, and makes him righteous on tbe spot by putting away his sin and jas ifying him by the righteousness of iaitb, a righteousness which comes to him by the worthiness of another who has wrought oat a righteousness for him. Cantbatbe? Brethren, this seems to be a thing so impoBgibie that it needs the Spirit of God to convince men of it. I may now 6et forth the great plan whereby the Lord Jesas is made of God unto ue r-gbteoueness ; I may show how tbe Son of God became man that he might fu ly keep the law of God for ns, and that having dns so, and having added His passive obedience to His active service, He preB8uted to His Father a complete vindi cation of His injured law, so that every msn vhat believeth on Him Bhall be delivered from condemnation, and accepted in the Beloved. I might also tell bow Christ's righteousness is set to our accoant, eo that faith is reckoned unto ns for righteoneneeB, even as was the case with faithfal Abraham. Yet all my labour will be in vain till the Spirit shall make it plain. Many hear the gladsome tidings) but they do not receive the truth, for they are not convinced of it. They need to be persuaded of it before they will embrace it ; and that persuasion is not in my power. Did I hear one remark, ' I cannot see this way ot righteousness ?' I answer, ' No ; and you never will until tbe Spirit of God convinces you of it.' Nofca weU the great point of 'he Spirit's argam nt— ' Of righteousness, because I goto MyFa-ber, and ye eee Me no more.' Our Lord was eeot into the world to work out a righteousness, and here He says, ' I go but He would noc go antil He h>d done His work, He says ;al«o, 'I go to my Father but Re wmld o"t go back to his Father till He bad fulfilled His covenant engagements. I go to My Father ; thc i, I go to reoeive a re ware and sit upon My Father's tbione and be could not have received this glory if He had not finished His appointed work. Behold, 1 then, Christ has finished a righteousness, which is freely given to all them that be lieve, and ail those who trust in Chriat ar« for His sake regarded as righteons before God, and are ia fact righteous, so that Paul Baitb, ' Who ia he that condemueth?' His ground for asking that question is the same as that which the Spirit use# in my text. He says, 'It ie Ohrist that diedt yea, rather, that is risen again, who L even at the right hand of G id, who also maketh interosBsion for us.' He quotee, as the Holy Spirit does, the resurrection, ascension, and enthronement of the great Intercessor as the proof positive that there is a perfect righteousness for all believing sinners. _ I know tbat many will say, 1 This is making people righteous who are not righteous,' and beoce they will raise many objections. Just so. This is the glory of God, that He justifieth the ungodly, and saves sinners by Christ. 'Blessed is tbe man unto whom tbe Lord imputeth not iniquity.' ' I do not see it,' cries one. And our answer is, 1 We know you do not. We are not in tbe least surprised that you reject our testimony. We never expected you to receive it unless the arm of tbe Lord Bhould be revealed, and the Holy Ghost should convince yoa of righteousness.' No man comes to Christ who is not drawn of the Father and enlightened by the Spirit ; but if the Spirit convinces you we shall soon bear you eing— Jesus, thy blood and righteousness, My beuty h«, my glorious dress ; fl-miog wends, ia tbesearrayed, With j jy shall I lift up my head. De»r people of God, pray bard that the spirit of God may even now convince unbelievers that the only true righteousness for mortal men is that which comes not by the works of the law, bat by the hearing of faith. Many »ho are convinced of the righteous ness of Christ are not yet full? oonviuced that evil ie judged and coodemned and cast down. They are haunted with tbe dread that they may yet per; eh by tbe hand of tbe enemy. Oh, my brother, eee the need of the Holr Bpirit to advocate in the heart the cause of God and truth, and make thee believe that the Lord Jesus hath supreme power over every enemy. I somvtimea meet with a Christian brother who tells me the world is all going to tbe bad, the gospel is being utterly defeated, Christ is routed, the devil ie waving the biaek flag and shouting viotory. I know how tOrribles the conflict, but 1 believe that my Lord Jesus has jSgedthew ahdiri that fac- - 1 se Satan tali - like lightning from 1 heaven. Our Lord muit rign. His enemies muet.lick the dust. We shall judge th» fallen angels at the last great day, and meanwhile a believing life is a life of triumph over the arch enemy. Ia the power of tbe Spirit it shall ba proved that truth ie mightier than error, love ie stronger than hate, and holiness is higher than sin for tbe Lord's right hand and His holy arm have gotten Him the victory Behold how the ascended Savionr leads capi'ivi y captive. See bow He comes from Eden, with dyed garments from Bozrah, for He. has trodden sin and hell in the wine press, and now He travelieth in the greatness of His strength, speaking in righteousness, mighty to a ive. And, next, may He convince you of judg ment — namely, that you bave been judged, and yonr enemy has been judged and con demned. The day of ju igmeut ie not a thing to be dreaded by a believer. . We bave stood oar trial, and have been acquitted. Oar repre- sentntive has borne tbe penalty of our sin. Our rhastisement is passed, for Jesus ha borne it ; He was numbered with transgressors. There Is now no curse for us ; there c-.ri be noue ; heaven, earth, hell, cannot find a curse for those whom God has blesBed, since the Lord Jesus ' was made a curse for ua.' May the Spirit of God come on you afresh, my dearly beloved, and make you confident and joyful 10 Him who is the Lord our righteousness, by whom evil has been judged once for all Ill Last) of all, let ns read our text by rendering it ' convict — ' The Spirit of God will convict the world of ein, of righteousness, and of judgment.' There is the world. It stands a prisoner at the bar, and the ch&roe; is that it is and has been full of sin. - In oonrtsof lew yon are often surprised with what comes out Yon look at the prisoner, and he seems to be a quiet, respectable oeraon, and you say, ' I should not think he is guilty.' But the advocate who h&B; engaged to plead the cause of right eou- ness etands op aod gives an outline of the case ; and yon speedily change your mind, until, as the evidence proceeds, you say to yourself, ' That ia a villain, if ever there was one.' Now, hear the Spirit of God. Tbe Spirit came in»o the world to make all men know that JeBus is the Ghriet, and He attested tbat fact by miracles that ' could not be que tioned, miracles without number ; He has, moreover, attested tbe truth of the gospel by the con version of myriads, whose happy and holy lives bave been a proof that .T-bub Obrist was indeed sent forth from God But what did this wicked world do with Christ? Tbey gave him a felon's death. They nailed Him to a crops. By this the world is condemned. We need no farther evidence The world ie convicted, self condemned, by the slaughter of Him who was incarnate goodness and unbounded love The world is base enough to desire to slay its God even when He comes on an errand of love Take 'he accused away. The world's guilt is even proved beyond question. The wrath of God abideth on it. What follows upon this? The trial is viewed from another point. The world has declared that the gospel is not righteous — hat tha system which onr Lord has come to establish i cot true Up to this dsy the world ie continually raising objecrions, trying te confound believers, and, if possible, to defeat our most holy cause. But the Spirit of God, by Hie teaching, proves that the go»Del is fall of righteousness ; and by all His operations through the Word He proves that the gospel is holy, and just, and good, and, and feeds to make men pure, godly, peace able, and holy- . By sanctifying men though ho gospeL so that they lead gracious lives, the Holy Spirit proves that the gospel is righteous This process grows more and more com pie' e as tims rolls 00. Were not the world unrighteous it would long ago bave yielded co the holy message and its holy messenger But it will he forced to own he truth one day. The Holy Spirit makes the world koow that Ohrist is righteous by flashing into its face the fact that Christ has gone — gone no to glory, at the right hand of God— and this could not bave been bad He not been the righteous One. When the world shall see Jesus enthroned at the last, and all mankind »hall behold the Son of Man in the clouds of he&ven;, wha' conviction will adze on evry mind ! There will be no agnos-ics then ! Not. a scept c will he found in that dav ! Christ seen at the Father's right hand will end all unbelief I Men and brethren, will you be convinced by the Holy Spirit now, or will you wait till then ? Shall it be the conviocement of grace or the conviction of wrth? The Spirit bears witness still with us who preach ihe gosoel— will you yield to that gospel, and believe it now? or wi>l you wait nntU the blaze of the last tremendous day ? Which shall it be ? I think I heat you say, The gospel is true.' Why, then, do you not be'leve it? If you co-Jess 'ein.' why ate you not washed from it? If there be ' righteousness.' why do you not seek it? If there be ' judgment,' why do you not ask to be eo cleansed that you need not be afraid of it? Oh, sirs, tbe most of meu act aB if they were born fools. If they were sick, and we had . a sure medicine for them, they would rush to us for it If thy were poor, and we brought tbem g dd, they would tread ns down in their vehemence to snatch at wealth. But when there is Christ to be had, tbe divine remedy for sin. Christ to be had as a perfect righteousness. Christ to mke them stand securely at the last dread day, they tnra their backs npon the heavenly boon. Oh, Spirit of God, win these madmen Bring back these fools, and make, tbem sane and wise, for Christ JeBus' sake. Amen. 