souftTRY mm, Beaconsfield. Mining gives me nothing startling to record. The Tasmania cleaned up for a magnificent four weeks' crushing— the best, I believe, this mine has returned. A break occurred in the part of the claim known as the Lefroy on Tuesday. One of the sweep rods of the engine snapped, and some few ilnyn will elapse ero the damage can be repaired. Tho Phoenix, West Tasmania jiiimi^iiuiiiLuu, .txuuiiii^iiu, iinu L/eimuir.K are going on without noteworthy alteration. The Ophir ' christening ' was, of course, the event, par excellence ot the week : the claim is now in full swing. . Death has been playing sad huvof; in Beuconsficld of late, ho less than 1! ree having occurred inside of 24 hours this week.' besides three othera during the past fortnight. The dread presence is ever felt keenly, but in one case the bitterness is terribly enhanced by the fact of seven small children being rendered motherless. On -Monday evening the wife of Mr Joseph lliue.-!, while engaged about some domestic dulic.;, suddenly 'went into a faint. Tho little son ran up the street for the father, but he only arrivtd i'i time to hare her die in his ami3. An inquest is to be held on Ihtirsday. Much indignation is expressed by the public at bodies having to be kept two and three days awaiting'the convenience of the coroner. There can be no valid reason for not appointing some local resident to the position. We have twi J.'sP., either suitable, besides numerous otliiir.*, and the sooner the (invornment ap point a coroner for Beiicoiu-flcld who can be secured at an hour's notice, tho sooner will a glaring instance of mismanagement be rectified. AVe have nothing to say against Mr Glover, the present coroner, except that liU numerous duties, and the distances he us Mat travel in the pursuance of them, entirely unfit him for such an office. Just wh-.'ii he is required, he. may be at Lisle hearing a Court of Mines case, and there arc two days' travelling before he can runch Beaconsfield. Several females have been much scared lately by the appearance of a 'ghost.' Whoever the contemptible cowardly hood lum is that is thus amusing himself at the onrpoose of timid women, 'tis a thousand pities he could not bo detected by someone willing and able to administer tho reward such idiotic conduct deserves. When somo delicate creature is frightened to death, the guilty wretch will probably be sorr.y, if such a brainier animal is capable of liner The skating rink was well filled on Mon day night, whi-ii Mr Hook's company of fancy and trick .skaters appeared. Little May was much applauded for her clever feats on wheel?. Our -champion rifleman, P. Jr^ally, isto fire a match aaaiust Private John Frost, tho self- styled champion of tho North, 011 Wednesday next, on the Lnuneesfcon Range, for £10 aside. M'Xally is not very enthu siastic about, journeying to Liiunccston for such a small sum, but Mr Frost would not consent to a larger stake. An agitation is on foot about having the ijoundarieH of the district re-dellued. A public meeting will shortly be called, at which delegates from Frankford, Glen garry, etc., will be present, and I may have something more ou this question in my The Rillo (Hub have secured tho Alfred Hall for drill purposes on Wednesday even ings, and it is to be hoped the members will encourage iff 15a3tian by mustering in full force. At the Police Court on Saturday (before Mr T. Q. Williams, J.P.) W. Worthy was arraigned for larceny a3 a bailee. A remand wa9 applied for by Sub-Inspector Hayes, and granted. 