deaj^Vman'^rock.^ * , ['?; ? A ROMANCE. BY Q. ' :?? ? , ? ' '??'? tXhoTele(rraph,NeW3pnper Company, Llmitpd, 1 havo 'wvurvd all: the QuuimBbmd riwhts for this work,; the copyright of which belongs to Messrs. Oasjell ana Oouipaiiy, Limited.] '...,.' BOOK II. THE .FINDING OF THE GREJV.T RUBY. (: ' \CaAVTSsX.—(C'i-iitiiiucil.) '? ,, He stopped at last, mastered by his ferocity and ahnost panting. But I, for tho sound of Claire's name had'maddened me, broke: out in fnry— .:?-??????:.-. --??-: :? ' ? ?:-: ? -' ' .''? 'Dog and devil! I shall be lying with all the other victims of your ueoiirsed life ; dead ns my/father.,whom, you foully murdorod within sight of his homo ; dead as thoso other, ptior oreaturos you slew upou the BbIIo Fortune ; dead as my mother whose pure mind fled at 'sight , of ,; your haudiwork ; doad as John RmHou whom you stabbed to deuth upon-; — -'?' 'Hiish, 'Mr. Trenoweth! As for your ravings, I love to hear them, and could listen by die .hour, did uot.timo press. But I cannot have yoa talking bo' loudly, you undorstaud ;' and ho toyed gently, with ;his. knife; 'also remember I must be at Dead Man's Itock by half-past ll'to-night.'J: ,'.,',,;., ; ''vl'iend !' I continued, V you can kiUmo if you like, but 1 .will count your oritnes with my last bri- ath.;'. Takd Vny.lifo.as you,, took \ my f friend Tom' Loveday's' Hfo-rrTora whom you knived in Ihe dark,, mistaking him for ? mo. f Take it an you took .Claire's, if ever nvm-^— '', ?' ;' Claire— Claire dead !'. Ho staggorod back a jstep, and almost at , tho same 'moment I' thought I caught a sound on the other side of. tho partition at my buck. I listened for ; a moment, then concluding that my e,us had plaj ed mo some trick, went on again — 'Yes, dead — she killed herself to-night at the theatre — stabbed herself — oh, God ! Do you' think I care for your knife now ? ;NVhy, I was going to kill myself, to drown myself, at .; tho very moment when , I heard yourivoice and came on board. I camo to kill you. Make tho most of it — show mo no mercy, for as thoro is a God in heaven I would have shown you none!' .What was that sound again on the other side of the partition? Whatever it was, Colliver had not heard, for he was musing darkly and . looking fixedly nt me. \ 'No, I will, diow you no mercy,' ho answered qiiiotly, ' for I have sworn to show no mercy to your race, and you are the last of it. But listen, that for a few moments before jou.die you may shake oft' your smug com-. ? jiluccney and learn what this wealth is, and what kind of brood you-.Trenoweths are. Djg! The treasure that lies by Dead Man's Rock is treasure weighted with dead men's curses and stained with dead men's blood — wealth won by black piracy on the high seas — gold 'for which many a poor sonl walked the plank and found his end in the i deep wators It is, treasure sucked from many a galfunt ship, stripped from many a rotting corpse by that black hound your grand'ather, Ames Trenoweth. You guessed that ? Let me tell you more. ! ' There is many a soul crying, in heaven and hell for vengeance on your race ; but your death to-night, Jasper Trenoweth, shall be the peculiar joy of ono. You guessed thnt your grandfather had crimes upon his soul ; but; you did not guess the blackest crime on his his account — the murder of his dearest friend. Listen. I will be brief with you, but I cannot' spare myself tho joy of letting you know this much before you die. Know then that when your grandfather was a rich man by ; his friend's aid— aftor, with this friend's help, he had laid hands on the secret of the Great Ruby for which for many a year he hnd thirsted; in the; moment of his triumph he turned and slew his friend in order to keep tho Ruby to himself. 'That fool, your father, kept a journal— which no doubt you havo read over and over again. Did he tell you how I caught him upon Adi!m*H PhhTv.1 sittilif?: -with tbiH nln«n in hin hands before a hideous,, graven stone? That stone was cut in ghastly mockery of that friend's face; the/ bones that lay beneath it were the hones of that friend. There, on that very spot where I met your father face to face, did bis father, Amos Trenoweth, ' strike down rny father Ralph Colliver. 'Ah, light is beginning to dawn on your silly brain at last ! Yes, pretending to protect the old priest who held tho Ruby, he stabbed my father with the very knife found in your father's heart, stabbed, him bofore his wifp'a eyes on that littlo lawn upon tho mountain side; and, when my helpless mother callod vengeance upon him, handed the still reeking knife to her and hade her do her worst. Ah, biit she kept that knife. Did you mark what wos engraved upon the blade? That knife hud a good memory, Mr. Jasper Tronowoth. ' Let me go on. As if .that deed were not foul enough, he caused the old priest to'carve— being skilful with, the chissl — that vile distor tion of his dead friend's face out of a huge boulder lying by, and then murdered him too for the Ruby's sake, and tumbled their bodies into the' trough together. . Such was Amos Trenoweth. Are you proud of your descent? ' I never saw my father. I was not barn until threo months after this, and not uutil I was 10 years old did my mother tell mo of his fate. ? ; , '...,,. ' Your grandfather was a fool, Jasper Trenoweth, to despise her ; for she was young then and she could wait. She was beautiful then, and Amos Trenoweth himself had loved her. What is she now?; Speak, for you have teen her.' ? f, '.'?? . Aa he spoke I seemed to see again that yellow face, those awful, soulless uyes, and hear her laugh us she gazed .down frcm the box upon my dying lovo. ; , ??'Ah, beauty goes. It wentfor ever on that day ivhen Amos Trenoweth spat in her face mm utumeu iier assueoiung to tno oouy.ot ner husband. Beauty goes, but revongo can .wait ; to-night ithas come ; to-night a thousand dead men's; ghosts shall be glad, and point at your body as it goes tossing out to sea.. To-night — but let mo toll the rest in a word or two, for tine presseB. Howl was brought up; how my mad mother — for she is mad on every, point but one-—ti ained me to the sea, how I; left it at length niid became an attorney|s olerk, all this I need not dwell upon. But all.tluB time . the .thought of revenge -never left me. for an hour; and if it hud, my mother would have local led it. ...;.;., , ...;? . ;.-? ,V; ,,. ,ji'.. ,-' .,'i '.Well, we. settled in Plymouth' ,. and I was bound a clerk to ybur.graudfathor'B'attbrnoy,. still .with. the; iiaine purpose. ,, There .1 learnt of Amos Trenovfeth's' affairs, hutronly to u cer tain extent for .of. the. wealth which he had- so bloodily won jl, could discolor nothing; and yet I knew lie possesed riches ;whichiniike the heart faint 'even to think upon. . .Yetfor all I could discover, his possessions were simply) those of a struggling., farmer, ,. his bumneas absolutely nothing1.- J I wesj almost ; desperate, when one'duy.!,a tall,. gaunt',' arid aged man stopped into tho office, asked for my employer, and gave the name of Amos Trpnowpth. On, how- 1 1 longed 'to kill him' 'as hontbod thera!' And how little did he gue'su'that the clerk of ' whom ho took no more notice thuu of a stone, would' ono-'day strike his descendants of 'the face, of- the earth'and' inherit' the/ wealth, for whiclrhe had sold.his'Boul— the- great Riiby'of Ceylon! ' '?;-'- ??'? ? V ??' . . .' 'My voice trembledf -witri hate as I an noiinced him^Hiid'-Lilibwed hiui into the inner roomr^Thenril blpeed'thefdobri and listened./ He was uneasy about his.Wiil — tlie fool — and! did not.iknow,; that all ;his ^possosions would; incei-sariiy(,becpni,o hisiiBon'H., i In my heart I, hiughc-d at hisiiguorancc ;- .but I learnt, enough — tiipugh to wait .patiently for yearB,andi finally to track Ezekiel Trenoweth to his death.1 '.' lt.was'aboutthis^mo Ithat I fell in lovo. Ini this :aB iireverything else through life I , hu vo b'rtn curecd with .the 'foulest liick; : hut |ih 'thif'ns'iri everything else my 'patience lm's'won ^'n 'Ihe cud. Lucy Luttt'ell loved another man '.called ? Euilton — -John. Railton. He; .was * , another fooW-you are: all fools — , but-. she married him und had ,a daughter.. yjwondori ?if you can guess -who that daughter waa?' ,, . He broke off. and looked atm'e with fionaish' malipci '? .'' '?',''''' / ' ' '? , ''v;-'. ? ;'.Yov(fhonnd.!' I; cried. ,-,'She,,was Janet. ? Railton— Clu.iro, L,uttrell ; and . you . njurdereji ! her father as you, eay Amps Trenpwoth mur-; . dercd'yours.'-' — -??-?? ? -.- ?.--—, — .™... ?'..,,^ \ ,','.. J ! . 'A '?'! 0(Tobeeb»linued.y- '.l i .r. ' ? This wnsheMd1 ata receiiii.'Dari :— He :' ''WiU ?you dance this waltz .with me?' ,8ho: 'I ?wouldlike «o, but I can't rMherohe;'* Ho did not prew Ihe potot,,^^,^ '^,-) Ul .%i] ?\ .*.-«: ye K.I 