SIFTINGS. Tn?n is a very ancient and respectable aphorism -much quoted in general eiteles-that h6nesty is the best policy. We regret to say that the proverb ijemore quoted than observed, and in some of the deductions drawn in his speech the other night Mr. Rose quietly ignored it altogether. In political conteoveroy, especially over the comparatively barren issues, as far at labour is concerned, of freetrade andprotection, it is hopeless to expect a rigid adherence to truth. Figures are twisted ounuingly out of all recognition on both sides, most silly conclusions are drawn, rash and wild assertions are made with the utmost gravity, and an amazing amount of very cheap, thin, debating club clap-trap is employed. There is nothing so effective in fetching the house as a vigorous bangat'an unexpected moment on the rhetorical cymbals. The audience that will sit mum as ghosts under a keen logical analysis of a policy will explode with enthusiasm when the speaker brings his hand with a bang upon the table and gives vent to some familiarbut very indeterminate catchpenny phrase. Nevertheless we believe that the old proverb, fusty though it is with continual handling, 'expresses a solid truth. Mr. Rose several times fell into that common, easy, and' fatal error of putting forward a half truth and basing an argument upon it. He said, for instance, that the Victorian farmer was obtaining is 3d per bushel for his wheat, leaving his hearers to infer, both from the fact itself and the way in which it was expressed, that the tariff had done it all. We will not stop to enquire whether high prices to the consumer are an advantage at all times, seeing that Mr. Rose ignored the complementary half of this question, but the speaker was acting disingenuously in leading his hearers to draw such an inference. To have been thoroughly honest he should have explained that theb Victorian harvest is likely to be a failure, that the English wheat crops will be mush below the general level, thatin manyof the grain-growing districts of America early frosts have destroyed a large acreage, that in Now South Wales the prospects, owing to the drought, tro of a most gloomy character, and that on the top of all these things the American market had been operated upon by a set of crafty speculators. Hazdly a solitary syllable on these points, but a naked unsupported statement that wheat is so much, the inference being obviously that the tariff is the main cause of it. The process of reasoning is as follows: - Victoria has a protective tariff on wheat; Victorian wheat is 5s 3d per bushel; therefore the tariff is the cause of the price. No doubt the tariff can affect prices under certain conditions; but those conditions, by Mr. Rose's own showing, are absent. The argument in just as logical a form could be stated thus:-Victoria has a surplus of wheat; Victorian prices are higher than New South Wales prices; therefore a surplus causes high quotations. The advance is clearly owing to causes and conditions altogether independent of the tariff, viz., the sabort supplies of the continent. Much unpardonable ignorance or pretended ignorance exists on the effoots of restriotive legielation. It may be predicated, without the alightest hesitation, that when there is a heavy snurplue of any kind of commodity, a tariff on that commodity cannot raise or even maintain quotations, except there is a ring who have complete control of the market. Take a local illustration, and one familiar to everyone in Goulburn : Last year, for many weeks, butter was almost unsaleable at bd and Gd per lb. Why? Evidently because the supply was far in excess of the demand. A tariff as high as the Himalayas could not have altered matters one iota. To-day butter is up'to ls 8d per lb., and will probably be higher. Why? Evidently because the wasting of feed is lessening the supply. Suppose, however, thatthe season were to change, and copious rains fall. Grass would spring up immediately from the steaming soil; astock would pick up condition rapidly; butter would be plentiful, and prices would again recede. Now, carry the illustration a point further, and apply it to sundry inferential or direct assertions made by Mr. Rose. Suppose a local farmer should be dissatisfied at the fall in price, and send his butter to Sydney. He pays, we will assume, in freight, commiseion, and other charges,-the sum of 2d per lb. Now, is it not evident that, unless the metropolitan market is 2d. in advance of the Goulburn market, he must lose by the transaction ? Now, we very often hear of the Victorian farmers flooding our market with their produce, while at the same time we are told that the Victorian market is higher than ours. There is something contra dictory on the face of the matter. If the Victorian farmer has his own market at, say, to, and chooses to pay freight cand commission in bringing his produce to the Sydney market, where the price is, we will say, 4Is Gd, he loses exactly Gd per bushel, plus the cost of carriage. When confronted with this dilliculty the controversialist deftly changes his ground, and asserts, with an air of triumph, that what comes here is surplus stock ! The farmer first supplies the home demand, is the assertion, and then he looks abroad for a market to take what is left. This is a very nice way of getting out of the difficulty, but it pro-supposes two things which the controvereialist would immediately deny It pre-supposes that the law of demand and supply as affecting current prices is inoperative in Victoria, for it must be clear, from the butter illustration above, that when a burplus exists and men are pressed to find a market outside, internal perices on the average will fall to the level of those outsido. No wriggling will onablo a souist to escape the conclusion. We see it confirmed every hour of overy day. If, however, the deduction is denied, then thero is theo other alternative-that a ring, able to control the market and creato an artifioial scarcity, exists, and that they find it mere payable to sell at a ow price outsido in order that higher pricesmny be netted from the people inside the tariff. Where no surplus exists, then it is quite true that the oseller behind the tariff can force the buyer to give the outside price, phlus the amount of the tariff ; but not otherwise, except on the hypothesis of a ring. By pitting different protectionist speakers against each other, or spoeeches by the same individual delivered to different sections of the community, we gather that the tariff eonables tihe seller to sell at a high figuro to.'men who buy at a low one, and men who buy to buy at a low price from men who soell at a high one. Thus the farmer gets a higher price for wheat than he could under frcotrado, according to the statement made to the farming population ; while the artizan population is informed next day that under protection tie loaf can be hiad for next to nothing ! There are many things in connection with the complexities of modern exchangeo which are not easy to understand, but that suchb a tissue of inconsisten cies as that a certain article can, at the same moment of time, be high priced to the seller and {ow priced to tihe buyer trhould be swallowed reely transcends ordinrry human credulity. It is swallowed, neverthelesse, and the fact that no evil effects follow the idiotic gocgo is proof that thoe r salloweor hias the stomach of a camel, and could digest one of Baron Munchausents impossiblo yarns. On Monday evening our Mayor, in presiding at Mr. Rose's lecture, launched into thei ques lion of retaliatory dutles, which he defended on the ground that they were necessary in self defence. This was an assumption which covers a great deal, and if granted would practi cally settlo the question of freetrade and protec tion for ever. Lot any country once admit that she cannot compete with other countries who are leagued against her-and all protective countries are by their tariff leagued against those who have only revenue duties-and the position of the freetradere at once becomes un tenable. When the thing is all summed up retaliation is simply a desire for revenge. The New -South Wales producer naturally does not regard the customs barrier at the border with feelings of affection. It is sufllicient for him that his trade is restricted, and though the consumers on the other side have to pay for it that is no balm to his feelings. Human na ture suggests that it would be swoeet if he could also erect a barrier, and as that would par ticularly suit him as a producer the revenge would be doubly sweet. Those who believe in freedom of commerce, however, assert that be cause our neighbour chooses to do some thing which they regard as foolish it would be equally foolish for us to do the same, merely to deal a blow at our neighbour. " Cutting off your nose to spits your face," is the simile they usually employ. Advocates of tihe policy of ro taliation have, therefore, to fight a big battle. There are some members of the community who would, like the men who go to law at great ex pense merely to make an opponent's pocket suf fer, be glad to go in for revenge and be pre pared to pay something for it; but there is a large sotion whi-h objects to be called upon to suffer a loss to gain nsatisfaction. Retaliation, we repeat, may be summed up in the phrase-a desire for revenge; in fact, the word itself in dicates that. We entirely n,;reeo with the Sydney Morning Herald that i: has become the duty of the Government, in view of thebo depressing outlook and the prospect of a number of men being thrown out of employment, to at once make provision for the carrying out of public works of a reproductive charactor. Our contemporary points out that very little railway construction is at present under way, sixty miles, if we re member rightly, being the length now being laid down. In Victoria the state of things in this respect is very different, employment being afforded to a large number of men by the railway lines in progress, which little circumstance may have something to do with the good time the residents of that colony are having. Particular attention should be paid to the character of the works. All public works, should be reproduc tive. whether they be public buildings, railways, or anything elso. To erect a court-house at s cost of £40,000 when one at £5,000 would do just as well is a clear waste of public money, although there are some people idiotic enough to suppose they are doing good in having as costly buildings as possible built in the particular town in which they live and move and have their being. They apparently have a hazy idea that Government bhas a Midas-like power of ereating gold, and that therefore it is the bounden duty of every good citizen to get as much of it as pos sible spent in his town. Poor fools, they do not think that the groueat bulk of the revenue is de rived from taxation, and every .0100 uselessly spent means si much loss to every man, woman, and child in the colony. There are many chan nels open to the Government for the profitable employment of capital. Irrigation, for example, offers a wide field. It would be as absurd to ex pect isolated individuals in certain parts of the country to provide water for their own use for irrigation as it would be to expect them to build the railways they require. By embarking at this juncture on works which would return good interest on capital invested the Government would be doing good in two ways-they would, in the first place, provide employment at a time when it is scarce, and, secondly, would, by the return from the works, relieve the taxpayers. The construction of wharves, the cleaning of river channels which are at present a barrier to trade, the erection of smelting works, would surely be a better means of relieving the condition of the people than throwing away thousands of pounds in subsidizing agricultural societies in little tinpot villages, or spending terns of thousands in the ornementation of public buildings, or sinking millions in the ereotion of costly edifices when a substantial shod or a plain honest brick building would answer the purpose equally as well. Retrenchment is a most desirable thing; hut there is a right way and a wrong way of going about it. It is better to reduce largo salaries than to dishobarge at a moment's notice hundreds oftoilers on the lowest rung of the ladder; but too frequently the litter course is pursued and the former shirked. Retrenochment will not save us at the present time; to do good it must be equitable and it must be backed up by a vigorous and at the same careful expenditure in right directions. 