W-day the first set of contested elections takes place, and ere the end of the month the polls will all be taken and the winning party proclaimed. The great.Liberals hope to rash to the seats of power in a whirlwind ofdusc. They cannot appeal to their past ■ record; they cannot proclaim openly their present policy; they dare not attempt to show that they have kept the promises made at the last election, and their only chance is to distract the attention, stifle discussion, and blind the electors by opening the graves ol the dead and buried past and kicking out the dust which is mouldering in them, vainlv hoping that by such a proceeding * they bide their own deficiencies, obscure the real issue at stake, and make the worse appear tbe tetter cause. The dust of the dead .iimriififWii.idiH^ nm\ mlrv qgesfclODS w loti cuis Liiey cover me ueau car cases of their own legislative and ad ministrative failures, and with this they try to hide in forgetfulness and oblivion the onward rush of progress and pros perity which the colony enjoyed dur ing Sir Thomas M'llwraith's administa . tion. Let us now clear away the dust and look at things as they are i What . is the past " record of Sir Samuel ■ Griffith's Government ? Sir Samuel claims credit for defeating the coolie and land grant railway proposals; but •_ the country settled these questions at the last election; all that Sir Sanrael did ^ln the matter was to make stepping stones of the unpopular proposals from 1 - Tvhicb he could vault into power. But being there it was his duty to put in operation a successful alternative policy He had that pat enough on paper and on his glib tongae at thelast election. A continuance of the borrowing policy was Sir Samuel's alternative, and the interest for the new loans was to be provided out of an increased land revenue. And what was the result? The money was borrowed—ten mil lions—and spent as Mr. Kelson, the elected member for Murilla, says, in bribery of constituencies. Some of the • bribes are so glowing as to be the ob ject of adverse comment in the very districts in. which the money is spent. •The Fortitude -Valley railway is an instance of this. To get this line passed in the Assembly it is said that the Premier inveigled his colleague in the representation of North Brisbane— Mr. William Brookes—outside the bar of the House and kept him there talk ing antil the division bell rang when he rushed in and Mr. Brookes was left jgttfetheb«'being shut down in his Valley or the country. It has been called a link to connect the Southern and Western with the Great Coast Kail way. But there was no gap to fill in between these two lines, the Brisbane end of the Sandgate railway being a sufficient connection between the two lines mentioned. It is simply a useless loop line, and is a laughing stock even in Brisbane where the wasted money, voted for its construc tion, is spent. The Land Act, wHch was to provide the money to pay the interest on the Griffitbian loans, is curtailing rather than increasing the land revenue. Thus we owe to Griffith, lavishly increased expenditure on the one hand, and a rapidly diminishing revenue on the other. Among other items of useless and corrupting expenditure is the pay ment of member's expenses. This is a . consideration which is not without its effect npon men of soch calibre as that of some of the Liberal dummies who ■figured motelv and inoWi'""'1- -- jI V —o v "* last Parliament. They are men who think it a sin to quarrel with their bread and batter, no matter bow it is earned or where it may come from. In fact the easier it is earned the better they like it and the more they stick to it. They will pass as many Land Bills and Loan Bills as Sir Samuel may propose, so long as they can draw their screw on the Government stroke principle, i The Land Act, the Ten Million Loan, and Payment of Members Expenses were the chief measures passed by the Griffith Government, and every one of them is likely to - prove a millstone round the neck of the country. Already there is a large deficit, although fresh taxation " haff~~5een imposed. And frantic efforts have been made to stop or reduce Government expenditure where it is most wanted to accelerate progress and the improvement of the colony. How does all this accord with the high fainting promises made at the last election? The Griffith Adminis tration was to be an era of unfiTnm«i<^ progress. Immigrants were to be poured into the colony at the rate of 40,000 a fear, and railways and settle ment were to be spread thickly over the ciriintiyat an incredibly swift pace. But the proof of the.pudding is in the eating, not in the promise. An extract from one of the election speeches of one of the great Liberals will show how the promise of pudding in the matter of immigration has been kept. Speaking at Maryborough on this subject, Jack Ajinear said:—" He had been often asked in the streets by working men why immigration was not stopped. Look at Sir Samuel Griffith bringing hordes of people into the colony, well, 1885 there were 12,625 people brought here by the late Government; in 1883, 26,7*25; in 1884, agreements made during the previous year, the British India Company brought 16,486 immi gnantsiiito the colony, mostly assisted. In^l885, when the preaent Government were able to operate in decreasing the arrivals, there were only 10,907 ; and in 1886, when people came to settle on the land, and suitable people were selected by Mr. Randall, the number was 12,684, a great decrease as com pared with 1883, during the last Government." At the last election Sir Samuel promised to increase immigra tion, and at this he takes ciedit for reducing it from 26,725 in the last year of the M'Hwraithian Administration to i 10,907 in the second year of his own reign. The promise of the Griffithian land legislation has been also falsified. It has miserably failed either to promote settlement or as a contributory to the Treasury. There was no hue and cry | against immigration amongst working men when Sir Thomas was Premier. There was no jostling then, or soar looks exchanged between the old hands and the new arrivals. There was work and pay for all hands, and land in plenty for those who wanted it and could make use of it. A.t the last election Sir sanmei Griffith was taken on trial. He would *—mmm1.1 mil WM *"n lias not even an acceptable policy or a plausible promise to offer to the electors. The situation is unique. Sir Samuel comes before the electors with a past record of dead failures and falsified promises. He has nothing to offer in the future, but increased taxation. New burdens are to be bound on the shoulders of all the colonists. Sir Samuel's imaginary mind is on the rack | to devise new expedients for getting money out of the people. Once he was a free-trader ; now he is a protec tionist. He will tax the necessities of life to bring grist to his ever- grinding and consuming mill. He will tax and and re-tax everything until he has screwed the uttermost farthing out of the pockets of the people. He added 50 per cent to the ad valorem duties during his term of office, and imposed taxes which hinders rather than pro tects important branches of colonial industry. In fact, if Sir Samuel is saddled on our backs again, we may as | well give up the ghost, and let him j take the land as it stands, and make a church or a mill of it if he wills it so. The poor selectors who take up land under Sir Samuel's Land Act will find j themselves between two millstones, j The land is under them, they are chained to it for ten years before they | can obtain a title to it, and the Gov I ernment is above them, squeezing the j rent out of them in flood or drought, j although the heavens should be as brass above them and the soil as iron I under their feet, with never a drop of water to moisten their parched lips ; or although the roaring floods should sweep their crops to the sea. This is the Land Act which the great Liberals say is the most liberal and glorious land grab-all practices of the Great Liberal Party! Another term of power to them will mean nothing short of sheer ruin to the country. Bat the fates have not so ordered our destiny. M'Dwraith is the coming man. 