TUfcF GOSSIP. Br Auoub. Mr. Barnard did not wait until Monday to poat his handicaps, .but hfcnded them to the press so that they, might appear in Monday morning's papers. Oi course, there has been the ttanal cavilling, and certainly some of thei brilliant performers have been let off lightly in the Newmarket Handicap, Yellow Jacket* Moprbooae,. Blairgowrie, and Don piovan, for instance. The first-named has mord than poricdt. displayed rare galloping ^bUity,'>nd'-"h^3toH Moorhouse, who last seastoh "whs'blft "Of -the beat of our two-year Old*; In' t]ie Lady Carrington Plate he beat Huntingtownn .Abercorn (71b. penalty), and other% nt|d ran the: five furlongs in lmin. Saec,, an4httbs Y-&C.; autumn meeting he earned fish lib., jftha fairly romped home for the Nursery Handmpo That he has not lost hks;fprm he Drq^gbfgst] Saturday, when he caxtMd 8at. a-good third in the Centepnial iSsdt^hjae": she furlongs being ran in lmin. 14|j*i£.v-which is faster than ever has beea wfteanplMhed in the New mark ettiandicap;: .WattEowrie last year as adhreeryear-old,:with 8at. 6tb.1 made a bold byi for victory,.*ita_,nowwith 7atl01b. he looks as well as anything engaged. Both his owne* and trainer deserve'a'slice of luck. Don Giovan. eo nay those.-who hare got up .in. the Diddle -of the him gallop at. FiegqiogiofV; ia a. veritable wonder, and msnyiieeUre that be ought atleatt.to hare hfhnrnbcpod to Mozart on New Vea^a Day> .In Mr. - Thomas Wilson's hshdsfie wjll hntbe called uppnto rise so e&rly.-ajfei;,with the veteran's Dowling Forest polish opop faifn, In may do all that his most ardent admirers declare he is capable of, yet I ^roold strongly ocge upon the public not to to' tobitapcitnbna in their desire to back him. Itlshetter t6 thkieTor 8 to 1 at the post than 12^nl4 now;. . •Thffg are the four horses that struck me as belhg heatin when I read my Atfjiis in bfed bnMoaday morning, and after ac&hhlhg; the weights oVCr carefully again I nee no reason to my opinion. ' Harking MUKjin tEe'^fcp weight, we dad 3>itn in: oor pmiflfcaa Main a, who has now •dofoet WQor thllffjil Skuas at the fitnd, and if nll^f h^Jown^M^mmieihg as one Mr. has b«n on thb riddooam^ ^ ^tSK <& no reason why he shbUfd hbttti for J^jhneeding is equal to for it mnhtM maSpitoii" . a the rnihi mum u hoiwt. ,.i. \Y. Lphgis for taaat^ three other er'cepuonaUy fast homes. n HpueydeW, and 4bners)pl o*w|to^Ml»%ett fair share of wei^L and so. have, Acpne", Mozart, and Spade tpitt.Nijtahnot underatandwhy not that'w^^^mrll in,' but that he is. QaintfA fd&tsep; doht. not strike me as a wall-treated. enimil; bat ho fault can hb foahd WUBtbe Weight apportioned to Bravo," thontfq hehaa nbt appeared in public for tomb cbhhvuirable time. The. dis tance p.,perhaps, A trifle short for Oakleigh, but Mitrailleuse aOilBen. Bolt both ought to ije'sefyed byjt] TJortouse is not badly off at '8sl lib,, fOrebo ptasnhden tably a neat two year bio. FrOin' £knil& down to Thunder bolt- I • aee - nothing 'to find fault with, hna'.xbe others down to The Forsaken aeeta to" tap* to, he held safe enough by. .Don piqvtto,. Moorhouse, and Blair go}m£'~ XJiice'&mbhtanhAt; Tst.Sib., for he pbaseskes'a btllliipf rtuTn of speed, and can Stof tanch b^ttirmhlUMhe peoplegavehita creditfor. .Boa'sEft.Laya'areamongotbeto tbatltaVeh fhnb*to^!imd then away db.wh -w—^r.tTv.J- A|Ieh, X see Tbesecolta have been v Anitashohld 1 : Swlvallerj and' ohcept twice ran aye beebfar.better; dObn'.'lXtirlbor bwtamoni kef's d&sh; ftoh rsakmvB Boas* Lavs,: Yetmaiv "" " borough, *pd. CMoiat ... Trenton and Nelson head the list in the Australian Cup ;witb 9et 12lbi each, and neither, would beoutof it if in their old form. -f-Last year, when the minimum weight was Sat 71bu, Kelson carried Bst 71b., and was only Just beaten by Trident, Set 71b. Now he nas .51b. more, while- Trident has 9at 71b. jf the last-named amid by any means be brought back to that form which enabled him to do such great: deeds as a tbree-year-old, I should be very hopeful of his chanca ; Dpnlopissaid to bare broken a blood-vessel in the race for .the Anniversary Handicap in Sydney, otherwise I should fancy he had a show at 9st 71b Mr. W. Gannon's pair, Arsenal and Australian Peer, are not overbnrdened at 8et 101b. and Bat: 91b. respectively, for it most be remembered that last year Todenh the best three-year-old of the season, was receiving only a stone from Nelson, while Australian Peer baa I7ih. lees thap fhe great New Zealsnder, who ought to hp?e had 31b. lese than he has. . Maloa with the same weight (9ab 91b.) that he carried to victory a couple of years ago, is wonderfully well in, and if Mr. Inglia suc ceeds in giving him a thorough preparation, and the horse has not lost his.pace. then the other cracks will go down to a certainty. Spade Guinea is not overburthened with 8sb 81b., nop is Mozart at Sat 7ib-, though I doubt, if we latter, can get the distance. Abercorn and Niagara aremuch about the same animal, andMr.Barnard baa- dime the cor rect thing ip placing,them upon an equality. Oaklejgh's clever victory,in the Bagpf Uandi ckpjentitled him to the weight. h® boa been allotted, and as be ranlike a stayer on New Year's Day, he may be able toget to the end of two miles, find a quarter. Braya baa been so long upon the shell that . 1, don t knpw what to think of hjpi, bnt if stamina is his forte he should have,, a look-in. with 8st 61b. Ben Bolt, who made such an extraordinary ran from the heme turn in the big race run, at Sydney last Saturday, ia well in at 8*t, but I doubt if two miles and a quarter will -suit him aa well as a mile and a half. Remem bering how easily Carlyon defeated Oakleigh u tite spring, heseema to me to have been leniently treated at 8at 21b. There.are many people who regard this brother to Uralla us the beat all- round tbree-year-old in Mr. White's stable. He should have improved several pounds since he appeared 'here in November, and this being so, it is quite probable that he may prove the beat repre sentative of the whits and blue. The worst [ treated horse in tbe race is BocaM* who has cost his Ballarat friends many thousands of pounds. Staying is not his forte, and if be conld notgeta'plaoeinthe Canlfield Cup or Melbourne ' Cup with less weight, I don't see how he is to have the ghost of. a chance in the Australian Cop, the distance for which is two miles and a quarter. Blue Mountain is a wonder over hardies or fences, and in his time has won several flat races in company which could not by any stretch of the imagination he considered above mediocrity. How he will shape in such a field as fie will have to meet in the Anstralian Cup remains to be seen. Now that Enfilade has come to bis proper form, there is no telling how good he ia, and as 7st 111b. is a nice.racing weight for a three year old of superior quality, this fine son of Musket should give a good account of himself. The family from which he descends is noted for stamina, and this being sq, I expect hind to inake a bold bid for victory in tlie autumn. Affluence I take to be, a very uaeiul animal, and at 7at. 91b. he reads well, but 1 prefer Moor house af Tat fib., pro vided the latter can stay, and he is built upon linea which Justify ope in assum ing that he can. Thunderbolt, was blistered some time ago, and it is doubtful U ,he will be quite himself. Morok at.7at. 6lb. is not badly used, and Cyclops at 7sb 41b. would h&veachance; if .he were aslwell as when he ran second iortijg Champion Stakes, Storno way nas been sopq^lme upon the shelf, but if bis legs stahA'ft preparation we may hear of him again. Damtyas wonderfully well in, seeing that she is about the best three-year old fflly of the season, and when it is borne in mind that Gaslight, at the same age, won { with 8sL 51b. on her back, this filly of Mr. Long'a looks all the better treated. Mentor, Bowmont, Dick Swiveller, Lara, and Lord Allen 'appear to be tbe most likely-looking , of the others, and I shall select the follow ing halt-acore to provide the winnerMalna, j Australian Peer, Abercorn, Niagara, Carlyon, Oakleigh, Enfilade, Moorhonae. aha Dainty. . In apportioning the weights for the Oak j leigh Handicap Mr. Barnard has raised moat of the Newmarket Handicap horses from 3tb. to 41b. To. me nothing looks better in than Anarchy and Maggie, neither of whom ia engaged in the short race of the V.R.C. I like Cinderella too, at fiat 111b., j and Louise Berta at 7et In the Hawkaburn , Handicap, Moorhoase, The Nun, Dividend,j Escutcheon, Meteor, 1.0. U., Iroquois, and Dexter look beat upon paper. Monday next is the day appointed for the receipt of tbe general entries for the Victoria Racing Club autumn meeting, and as the programme is the ricbest ever provided by tbeclubforan autumn meeting, Mr. Milea will be kept busy. Of tbe events which have not yet closed, the Essendon Stakes, of 250 sovs., is first on the list. .This is a mile and a quarter weight-tor-age race, which is cer tain to bring toother, some of tbe most Brilliant among tbe cracks. The Hopeful Stakes, of 200.aov&, is for two-year-olds that, have never received 60 govs, of public tnonqy in any one race. • The Brunswick. Stakes, of 350 so vs., is the fad race of the first day,, apd .being a handi-: cap Pf 'a mile and a. quarter, is, bound- to attract a - numerous entry. The Mgiden Stakes of 200 sovs. is first on the list for the second day, and owners of horses will observe that the competitors will h&'vg jo carry special, weigh ta A Hurdle Race of 250 so vs., "Public Auction Stakes of 209 sovs., and- the fiourke Handicap of 300 Bpva, fill up the dmr!s bitL There is a Second Hurdle Race Qt 200 sovs. on the third day, the distance being-half a mile less than the previous one. A Nursery Handicap of 300 sova .and the Autumn Handicap of 300 sovs. precede the Champion Stakes, after. which cornea the • Special Juvenile Stokes of 300 sots,, a mile race lor two and three year old geldings, weight for age, with' penalties. The Free Handicap ot -300 sova winds npthe third day, km) the fourth opens with the All-aged Stakes of 250 sovs., one mil&wetght; for age. iSecofid nn the < list is the .Unnlaoad T*a.s«myoM Handicap oi S&f;) have taevet been placed at tune $jg#r" a»«s thit ihoold iw of 600,at»Va.«.#i peaaltieafM . _ . ed taring the present season. aThe mm of OoUntoiigb, It trill be remembered, wori the Ilawkesbary Handioap andlheMetropo. litan,. lament his ill Inpk at having parted With him. This last victory, was a vefy near squeak, I believe, bnthe got hone, and Acme made a brilliant performance by running an excellent third with. fist 121b. upon her back. Dnnlop had bis chance pnf out by being kicked £t tUe. ppst, and it ia arid that he - broge, . a email blood-vessel, which moat have militated against bis chains? of Bucceps. There seems to be a prevailing opinion that if Sen Bolt had been kept near his, horses daring the earlier portion of the race he wonla have won, bnt I am told by one who wee there that the jockey declared heeonld not get him.to race ontil he eptered the straight when he took hold of hie bit and galloped in his beat form, passing horse after horse, and finishing close up with the placed horses, fihe meeting eeeips- to have been a the great success, and Mr. Cubborn, who is i main .spirit of . the Sydney. Turf Ciub, well deservecl so satisfactory a result It may be remembered that Mr. Henry Madden left for India last month with a very fine shipment of horses selected by his partner Mr. Krcrouse. The Bhundara made a splendid run of 21 days to Madras, and the horses were landed with a lose of only one per cent. Messrs. Krcrouse and Madden have been singularly fortunate in the Indian trade, having almost invariably had the good fortune to escape serious loss at sea, and to be able to land their horses in first class condition. ■ It is not generally known among sporta-' men that Mr. James Lowther, who makes' each forcible speeches at the OimCrack Club annual) dinner,-is a statesman as Well US sportsman. ' Before he was 40 years of ' age he - waii. Under-Secretary for the Polonies, and subsequently Chief Secretary for Ireland. He is a Vorkshireman, has been bred to hounds, is passionately iond of shooting land racing, but never beta: Whtid' in office he conid- get through heavy official arrears better than most men, and then hasten down tc> Hewmarket and enjoy the sport. The same evening he wonld be in his place in the House, and ready to Answer pleasantly any of the numerous questions pat to him by Mr. Parneil or any of his party. Mr. Lowther's annual speech at the Qtmcrack Club is always looked forward to with pleasure by the sportsmen of the old conn try, tor it touches upon a subject which they are all interested in, and is generally to the pointy for Me. Lowther is possessed of strong Common sense, end his views are expressed in «' manner which goes straight to the heart pf ah Englishman. At the last Glm. crack dinner, Lord Durham, during a forcible.. speech, dealt in trenchant -style' with the" abuses of the turf, a' question Which bus ; been discussed ad nauseam. Mr. LoWthey,' who toilbwed, .was more of the optimist, ' and though he deplored the existence o| some of-the evifs that Lord Durham ha referred to, he in tfce-conriSe df hfa remarks said:—"Ithink the tnrt.-asdtf institution. can compare not unfavourably with many other institutions of the realm. - 1 know there are those who consider it necessary to speak in apologetic tones when they refer to these matters, but: I venture to say that the tutt is Conducted on perhaps as honour able prindples.as those-on which any occu pation'In this .country a carried on, aha I say that ki ttrif circles, honour Btanas quite as high' qs if dofea in political life. ,^! hay that the morality t>f the turf tsquite^as high as the morality of politics, ibd 3 in' the walks of the'turf a person perfbnSwa' sutffi acts as are feometimes committed. in political life that peredn would tie ecouttd for' the rest of his days* The general entries fof, thet WO Taamahian meetings are fairly numerous' .Among the Victorians noipinSted are . ltobyf "Viqtim,, Shark, Mistletoe, Harvester, Bihnch&tt;&de;,' Boz, Morok, Violet; and Childe H^lfL'Soi that we are likely to be pretty Wen tepcri seated at both places. Mr. Moriafchan has submitted what appears to be aftodd handi cap for the Lkuncelton Cup. *Hflt^eeter, who has shaped very well in Victoria,, has. been awarded the pojst of honour with 9st, and at the company opposed to him is not anything approaching-first class, he may annex the prize for J. Cripps, who is' always pretty Straits. I doubt if Morok lucky across the Straits. % will go to the po8t, .&ndThB; Nun probably will be an absentee,'thbu'gh either Would have a show in Such a field as this. To^kbdntas is almoBt certain to'face the starter, and fts She seems to have improved in Stamina Mr. Agnew may have the Batisfactiouotseeing her land the strike for the AVaverley Stoblj. The distance is too far for Boz.and wit m«~ prove for Vision, but Ruby fian ) notwithstanding that she has Ihtelri fined to steeplechasing, she .if All ' on the fiat/aa 'ahe opce jMoYfcd w! Ida ran. second for the Adelrid. reads well at 7st 4lb., but I . amongst the others that ri>peam dg except perhaps Merlin. PrdbabiyTo and liv&i; wiii |urpi8h the wi&t;" The welshing case which aiioitotL the re macks of the Lard Chief Justice of England referred to lastosceek occurred; ah AecoS Races, and wfi tbe; Berks County Quartet Sesrions two weishWeiwere convicted of the crime of .larceoey bystttifice." There were two separate pntoeeations. end in. each ease the. jury JpqjUd ns a feet rind: the prisoner induced the prosecutor to pert withiris money by nurettifioe, with theintentioa of appropriating!* te tna own uaet, and With no intention of mAkirutatiybet- On these facta, it waa conteodedthat; the offonpe amounted tolarcency by artifice, and not $6 friaepre tehees, According .to the critmnslehnr, On an indictment r'tor t falsegretannes, II the evident* discloses. whet a amounts to a theft, the prieonci.cau be.convicted oi the latter, though thufcriso pmrmoe break* down; but.the coaveranfeaya the jVefdjdoec not hold good, i.e., if;on On indiotment foi larceny it appeats that the offenoeisaimplj onp of false pretences, the cnlprit .escapes. Hence the poiutlor the defence wee Simply to .show rest these wotahere had at most, beenjcnilty of tales pretenaos only, apon tht evidfoce addncqd.. The. question, for the superior court was whether there had beenimy .evidence on Which a-jury eould' be justified in finding-M verdict of larceny (by * trickl fibs evhtance iweg that .Quae webbare in each caee hrid tbemeeWea fatth as bookmakers in theeyesof iootarejot thfctthey offered tobet, toqk deporita4§ aoeoant «f bets weds, and dkren anealnad otfantati liaaitiaitwulLw ■ tli at ■hen *ftd Mtasd to I 4eotali«ll kw»wie^se *>f tUttk tk«Mtootothei«vi««me.ttHttu , to I|wm not* {Battel: «fcr»er»^ oteUfapkab jraoNft ";*> — ,*»b»ch no criminal lav < Pollock, and Justices Manisty, Hawking and A. L. Smith, who unanimously agreed that the evidence amply justified the finding j of the jury. Australian legal Idtainaries now have a precedent from the highest tribunal in the British dominions, and it is to be j hoped they will profit by it ^ The proprietor of Moonee Valley is pror' verbially lucky iu having fine weather for his pleasant little meetings, and Saturday last was no exception to the rule, for a more glorious day has not been enjoyed this ' summer. As a natural consequence there was a large attendance, and good sport was the order of the day. A. DavieB evidently has a very useful gelding in Paikakariki, a son of Darriwel! and Typhoon, whoetruggled home most gamely, though had he! not had the luck to get np on the inside Wyvis wonld certainly have got home first. Baron's Court, a son of Petrea, also' promises well, and 1 shall be surprised if he does not some day win a good race for Sir William Clarke. Walhalla would appear to be a first-class hurdle-racer over a mile and a halt, for he carried his 12at Sib. and beat Aristocrat with ridiculous ease. There was a slashing con test between Major and Little Dick for the La Rose Handicap, and the former just got home. He hung on to the favourite rather too closely, and yonng Redfearn was not able to use his whip. A protest for interfering was overruled. Equally close was the set-to between Maroney and Success for the Corin thian Handicap, and the former had nothing to spare at the finish. Wairarapa made an exhibition of those that opposed him in the Selling Race, and he was cheap enough at the £110 which he was bought in for. Everybody was glad to see Sir William Clarke's colours in front in the Le Roi Handi cap, as much for Yeend's sake as the owner's, for no trainer is more assiduous, bat he has | not been very fortnnate. Daring the day a couple of bookmakers who resorted to. i fisticuffs to settle an argument were removed i from the conrse for the day. Two weighers | were brought before the stewards, and while one was merely removed from the ground, the other was given into custody. Australian horses were in great form at the Calcutta meeting, which commenced on the 22nd of December. The Hastings Plate, a hurdle race of 1,500 rupees, was won easily by i Major Prior's Chatsworth, who beat six others. ' The Trial Stakes fell to another Australian named Bolero, who beat the English gelding Eitzwilliam and three others. Dr. Sandera Antler carried off the Dealers' Plate, beating Bhnkman, Lonis II., and others. Then the Australian pony beat an English pony named Balzac, Lady Loch, and others. The Viceroy's Ciip of 7,000 rupees, the great race of the meeting, fell to Lord W. Beresford'a Aus tralian gelding Myall King, who was only i recently purchased Tor his present owner by | Mr. E. Weeks. The Australians Canlfield, Kulquine, Bon Accord, Mistral, Gold finder, and the English horse .Goidfinder were the other starters. The victory must have been of a ridiculously easynatrire, for the Indian Planters' Gazette's record is "Won in the commonest of canters by a street" The time tor the mile and three-quarters was 3min. 9£sec., so that the winner muBt.have taken them along, though in the remarks it is said the pace was slow, and the winner was never extended. There most have been a mistake somewhere. Commenting on the race the writer says:—" The individual most flighted at the result of the race was our gentle friend Mr. K Weeks, who had selected the horse for Lord Beresford, and who remarked that he wouldn't care to call the Queen his aunt after such a proof of his judgment He shook hands in the kindest way with his lordship, and stood drinks all round." Goidfinder started favourite, but be never came near, and the Johdpore stable is reported to have lost 25,000 rupees by his defeat Myall King was bred atGlenonniston, and is by King Cole from Queen of the Forest, so that on the score of breeding there is nothing to be desired. Lord Bereaford's stable showed form again in the Vizianagram Brakes, which was won by Proto-Martyr's son Primus, who beat Timotbeus and others in cluding two English horses named Campanile and Victor. Dunn rode both winners. The ; English horse Padlock won the Welter Cup. On the third day Mr. Weeks won the Ballygunge Stakes, a hurdle cgce of 1,000j rupees, with Mustard, who was ridden by i W alL The thief race was the Cooch Bebar j Cop of 5,000 rupees, presented by the Mahara- j jah of Cooch Behat Lord Beresford had two in it, Myall King, who bad to cany fist 4ib., and an English mare named Yitarba, 8st 21b. He backed the latter, but she failed to get a place, the situations being filled by the Australians Botefo, Goidfinder, and Myall■ King. Albioore, another Australian, won the Welter Selling Race, and Bqgr Accord, so well-known at Kensington-park, then wonthe Sandown-p&rk; Stakes of LwOtupees. beating Edith, Aibicore, Bassanio, Merry England, Timotheus, Fishwife, Esmond. Primus, ana { the English horse Victor, j The fourth day's racing commenced with ; the Grand' Annual Hurdle Rice, of 2,500 rupees, which was won easily by Goldfinder, ridden by Elliott . The wihner' is hf King -Cole from Mtepah,hy Angler, and formerly occupieda'box in T. Jones's stable, 'Most. intereqt*ras centred in the Durbongah Cup. whichTSfmght oat the good hordes, and Myall Kingwas once nunc victorious, though Canlfield, who was second, wonld probably have won ted hfe wot broken down.' -Edith appropriatedtheChowringheePlate, and every i open raoe of the meeting except one Was! annexed by Australian homes. . ■ j As was expected, Ringwood succumbed to ] the attack of fever which he was suffering from when the last mail left India As is . pretty generally .known, Ringwood was bred ; in Tasmania by Mr. John Field, and was bin 6c. Albans from Deception. ~ He was a good ! performeriih'Australia both over htnalesq and onthvflet,hie chief victory having beeh■ accomplished in the Australian Cup of 1885, in which be gave Slhianda' beating to Sheet j Anchor. In India he was never within ' stonfes'of h«a proper form. Some v«7 interesting notes by the English aporting correspondent of The Australasian, " Robin Hood, will be found on page 248,He UnlA At length with the Durham-Chetwynd t conhcpVcruf^jm well as the fight between the Iriatwaan Kilrain and the Englishman . " ''I "Sortie' mirprise was expressed at the' Y.A.T.G. meeting that telegrams of the inter stotonWcricket match were not posted ipsure. - Mr. - Bond informed had made arrangements with . - Sir. Manders Mot receive a ■ telegrams, the : three tickets for _ I would not (due . afc youth to post the clob havetlie Lfheateeple ilastweek, ITwomaa or nothing for him. The lucky stock-broker was successful, and so obtained a very useiul animal without paying a shilling for him. Mr, H. Smith has resigned his position as a steward at Moonee Valley and Elsternwick park. This is to be regretted, for though Mr. Smith may have been a little too aggressive to suit the tastes of some horse owners, he endeavoured to keep matters straight, and if there were many more stewards like him, perhaps there would be less of,the pulling and hauling which seems to be a crime in the case of little men, bat only cleverness on the part of the bigger lights of the turf. I have always maintained that the handicappers have a lot to anewer for in acting bo lenieiTtly to men who are known to be consistent shunters. They know them as well as anybody, but not one of them has ever had the moral courage to treat them according to their deserts. Mr. Smith always had his eyes open, and what ever his enemies may say, I, who am pretty well behind the scenes, can tell the public that in losing Mr. Smith they have lost one of their best friends. At the annual general meeting of the mem bersof the Hamilton Racing Club last week the hon. treasurer, Mr. U. Hamilton, announced a balance of £155 Is. 2d. to the credit of the clnh. A strong committee was formed, and it was decided that the annual race meeting should take place on the 11th and 12th April. Mr. Featherstonhangh having resigned his position as judge, Mr. J. R. Learmonth was appointed his successor, Mr. G. Hamilton was re elected honorary clerk of the course, Mr. W. J. Austin starter, Messrs. D. A. Skene and J. Wiggins handicappers, and the following Were appointed stewards:—Messrs. Willis, M'Lellan, D. A. Skene, W. R Skene, J. R. Learmonth, S. W. Cooke, T. Robinson, J. Robertson, J. Cameron, G. R. Rippon, J. Thomson, H. Bloomfield, E. Twomey, W. J. Austin, and J. Wiggiiis. The programme framed includes a Hurdle Race of 60 sovs., Hamilton Cap of 110 eova, Bracelet of 40 so vs., and Racing Clnb Handicap of 60 bo vs. Mr. William Trainor, who was once well known as a jockey in Victoria, is giving np hotel-keeping, and would like to take charge of a private training establishment or a racecourse. The Talbot Race Clnb meeting will take place on the 29th February instead of the 7th of March, as previously announced. James Ledger wood has published a challenge at Bonrke for £100 to ride seven unbroken colts or fillies against any other man. The horses to be mutually chosen, and each one to be ridden fonr minutes without a fall. The committee of the Ballen Jockey Club held a meeting on Saturday, Mr. F. Cantwell (vice-president) in the chair, when the follow ing programme was agreed upon for the race meeting to be held on the 21st March next Trial Stakes of 10 sovs., one mile, weight for age; Ballon Handicap of 25 eova, one mile and a half ^Selling Race of 10 sovs., one mile, weight for age; Handicap Flying Stakes of 20 sova, six furlongs; Handicap Htirdle Race of 25 bovs., two miles; Selling Hack Race of 7 eova, one mile. The secretary was instructed to apply to the Railway depart ment for a special train on the day of the race meeting, and immediately on a reply being received the programme will be published, The meeting to consider the new rale proposed to legalise certain nominations by the V.R.G was not a large one, less than 40 members being present. Messrs. James Paterson and E. M. Bond spoke strongly in opposition to the rale, ana Messrs. C. B. Fisher, W. Leonard, and J. Wbittingham in favour of it' Eventually it was passed by about 25 votes to eight. On the side of the majority were the whole of the members of committee present as well as several members who were directly or indirectly in terested in the rale being passed, but it can have no effect, for it is not worth the paper it is printed upon, inasmuch as no illegal entry ean be made legal by any rale passed after sucb entries have been received, except as provided for by the rules in force when Bwm entries are received. It was gratifying, however, to hear the chairman declare that in future Rule 45. which compels the owner's name to be given in the entry, would be strictly enforced. I would point out though, as Mr. Donovan mentioned in his remarks, no punishment is provided, in case of an infringement of this rale. The Victorian Tpotting Clnb has determined to adhere to its original resolution with respect to licensing bookmakers. Conse quently, instead of restricting them to members of the Victoria Betting Club, all bookmakers licensed by the Victoria Racing Club will be allowed the privilege of being licensed at Elsternwick-park. The mates sold at Mr. L. L. Smith's dis persal were dirt cheap to those who cot them, and so was Liberator, one of the handsomest horses in Australia, but most of the horses in training realised good prices, it isn't often that a three-year-old gelding realises 600 gnineas, but when Foulsham bought Epicurean for Mr. W. Cooper he doubtless bad his eye to the £300 gelding tace which is to be ran at the V.R.C. autumn meeting, as well as the Newmarket Handicap. $ don't think Gladstone'changed bands. It is gratifying indeed to know that New Zealand is to be represented at the V.R.C. atitnmn meeting. Nelson and Pearlshell were shipped at Auckland dor Melbourne a few days ago. They will come via Sydney. Nelson is engaged in the Australian Cap and Champion Stakes, and Pearieheli, who is the crack two year old of the southern colony, js in our principal two-yfear-old races. The Leolinos—Titania colt, is a passenger by the same hoat-snd be, I believe, is the .property; of Mr. G.Barnett. 1 - • '■ : Capital entries have been received for the Elstern wick-park meeting,-which takes place on the 11th Febrdary. For the,Trot there are 26, Hurdle Race-20, February Handicap, 34, Steeplechase 8, Selling Race l6, and Brighton Cop 30. - Them is to be another meeting'at Hurling ham-parkon Monday, when the usual mixed programme will be disposed pL J. Carey left fori Tasmania.laat week With Mr, S. Gardiner's Shark, "Branchiopoda, Loyalist, and Lord Bnndbora) 1 J. Scobie and J. Cripps foUo# with their respecti ve teams. TbeMoriner 'Will' take Ruby and Victim, and Cripps will probably be accom panied by Mistletoe and another. - R, Sevior may also take n couple over. very fair entries bate been received for the Sale meeting; 'whirii iB fixed forthe 22nd and 23rd February. Severalhorsea in metro politan stables hate been nominated, and with good handicaps a ple&eaat; zDeeting is sore to follow; ■ - " "' " The - ~ at up ol " "The: 'Sf.ir" conch grass have been called for, and close on Monday. Specifications may be seen at tne office of Mr. J. L. Reiliy, 40 Collins-street east. Mr. Jenkins has also called for tenders | for preparing his Epsom course at Mordialioc. Entries for the Yarrawonga Handicap, Railway Handicap, Hurdle Race, and Murray River Handicap close with the secretary, Mr. W. M'F. Kidaton, at Dignam's Hotel, Yarra wonga, at 9 p.m, on Saturday, February 11. The general entries for the events to» be mn at Ararat close on Tuesday next, ine meeting commences on Wednesday, and ex tends over Thursday. Chief amougst the items to be disposed of is the Ararat Gup. for which I fancy Teuton, Kitty Fisher, and Digby Grand. For the Ladies Bracelet, Karma and Princess Alice Btrike me as most worthy of confidence; and Vinaigrette, Kitty Fisher, and One Pop look like filling the places in the Grand Stand Stakes. Kitty Fisher, Teuton, and Dick Swiveller may do the same in the Flying Handicap; Yarraman, Yet Again, and Glee in the Hurdle Race: and Murmur, Vinaigrette, and Kitty, FiBher in the Settlers' Purse. . . James Scobie's younger brother arrived in town on Wednesday with Ruby and \ ictim, who were shipped on the following morning in the Flinders for Launceston. Mr. W. Glasscock has joined the list of benedicts, he having been married on Tues day last Surprise, by Countryman—Venus, has gone into R. Sevior'e Btable. Middlemarch and Mercury have been struck out of the Oakleigh Handicap. The Williamstown programme for the meeting, to be held on the 25tb February appears this week. It contains five events, j viz.," Hurdle Race of 75 sova, Laverton ] Stakes of 75 so vs., Selling Race of 80 so vs., Steeplechase of 75 sovs., and Newport Han dicap-of 100 sovs. Entries close on the 13ih February. . Mr. Fred Woodhouse, jun., has forwarded a very neat Utile card in memoriam of the late Alee Robertson. In the centre is a capital picture of Robertson mounted on Silvermine, and it is accompanied hy some appropriate lines by Mr. Henry O'Donnell. | In the advertising columns of this journal I will be found the fnll programme of the Hawkesbnry Race Club meeting, which is to be held on the 22nd and 24th March. In ] addition to the Rowley Mile, Glaret Stakes, and Hawkesbnry Handicap, it contains a Hurdle Race of 150 sovs., Public Auction J Stakes of 100 sova. Railway Handicap of j 100 nova, Shorts Handicap of 100 bovs., Selling Plate of 200 sovs. tor two years old, Disposal Plate of 100 so vs., and Sportsman's Handicap of 100 sovs. Entries close on Wedueaaay, February 22. The next meeting at Sherwood-park is fixed for Thursday, the 23rd inst Eddington races will be held on the 17th March. The programme will be found in the I advertising columus this week. The Ed dington Open Handicap and Stewards' Purse dose "with the 'secretary, Mr. W. H. Tissot, on the 25th February. The Colac Tort Club haB issued a capital programme for Thursday, March 15. It con tains no Iras than eight events, the rlohest prize being the Colac Handicap of 100 sovs., one mUe and a half. The other items are a Hurdle Race of 60 bovs.,.Steeplechase of 50 sovs., Maiden Plate of 25sov&, Handicap Pony Racer of 20 sovs., Flying Stakes of 30 soys,, AmateUr Hurdle Race ot 40 sovs., and Hall-mile Handicap of SO sov& Entries close at the Railway Hotel, Melbourne, up to 5 p.m., -and with the secretary, Mr. H. M. Hearti, at Colac, up to 8 p.m. on the 23rd February. The Wyndham Racing Club has published the conditions ot two stakes to be ran at the April meeting. To the Wyndham Cup the club adds 200 sovs. It is a handicap of one mUe ud a quarter. The other is the Mam bourin Handicap of 100 sovs., six furlongs. These events dose on February 27, and as the nomination for each is a sovereign only. Mr. Wall may rest assured that he will have a hearty- response from owners of horses. Mesarn. Brown and Seward announce by advertisement that they will hold their second special sale of horses at Echuca on Thursday next, February 9. The Bryan O'Lynn yearlings will be dis posed of on Friday, March 2, the same* day as the St. Albans yearlings. They are rSostly by Slanderer from the best of Mr. Phillips's mares; Mess re. Campbell, Pratt, and Co. announce that they wilt hold their annual sale of all classes of trotting stock at the City Horse Bazaar, on Friday. March 16. . Toe Pyramid-hill Jockey Club programme has beenpublished,and it will be seenthat the meeting takes place on St Patiick'a Day. Entries for the Pyramid-bill Handicap,, Hurdle Race, and Flying Stakes close with the hon. secretary, Mr. R, H. Crowe, on Saturday, February 18. a Middlemarch has been placed in Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co.'a bauds for private! eale. j The attention of bookmakers is directed to the new byd-IAws bf the Victorian Trotting Club published in the advertising columns this -week. ' Betting has not /airly set in as for tbe Newmarket Handicap or Australian Cap. On Monday, when the weights appeared, Don Giovan was backed to win a litHe money at 100 to 7, as also Master John at 100 to fi, Chicago at lOO to fi. and Mozart at 100 to 4 for the short-distance race. It is not likely there will be :any stable movements till after the Geelongmeeting U over. Mr. W. Brown having disposed of Wonga whole of the homes will be <fis at that place on Wednesday, Mr. C. BanpUter (in conjnnc- ] ... Synnott and Mack) will ict thesale. The lot to be disposed of lea Hightand Chief, Noumea, Beeswax, _i"eLapder, "Maid of Longford, ana | several btber well-bred animals, alBo 00 head iof'One. two, three, and four year old colts and fillies by Napoleon, Rapidity, Kong M«ng, and Ambassador. The hill of fare provided for the compli. mentary meeting to Mr. Thomas Haydon will regain attention on Monday, as tbe entries'close at 100 Bonrke-atreet, at 4 am, Tbe Homeward Round Handicap, of 200 I sovs., is tbe leading prize; but the Time j Handicap Trot, flordle Race, Ladies' Brace- i \- —■ - " se. and Selling r " let, Steeplechase, and Selling Race have also1 been liberally arabsidiaed. ; Ata sale olE tbortngbbreds on MondAf by' Mr. T. CClibborn; In Sydney, tbp following I were the principal Jiorsea disposed ot: f, 30 guinea The Knave, Mr. Palmer, 90 guineas; SiSfef' 80 Rtocklng. Mr. J. Wood,1 & M'Elhone, 39 JjcdiiBop. ] Mr. Mi_Palioer, SO Mr; Condren, 75, 9loy(ir« T. Pay ten, £151: Hon. J. White, £150: Mr. J. Cannon, £146 ; Mr. T. Daly, £100; Mr. J. Gough, £94; Mr, E. Keya, £50; Mr. J. H." White, £20; Mr. P. Gilroy, £20. Total, £2.851. , . ' Our Sydney correspondent telegraphs The Sydney Turt Club have reconsidered their decision in reference to the disqualifica tion of Belviaere and his rider, A. H. Mayo, for suspicious riding at Rand wick on Satur day last They have decided to remove the disqualification from the horse, but declined to mitigate the sentence in reference to the jockey, A- H. Mayo, who ia disqualified for life as an amateur and for 12 mouths as a professional. Entries for the Seymour Cup, Hurdle Race, Maiden Hurdle Race, and Flying Handicap close with the hon. secretary, Mr. W. a. Tristan, at 9 p.m. ou Tuesday ne*t A meeting of the committee of the Warr nambooi Racing Club was held on the 1st inst., when Mr. R. Urquhart was unani mously appointed president of the club for the ensuing year. The club was reported to be in a very sound financial position, there being a credit balance of £417 2s. 6d. The time for holding the Winter Steeplechase Meeting was fixed for the 24th and 26th April. The principal events in the programme are the Junior Steeplechase of 60eova., the Wan goom Handicap of 75 so vs., and the Handicap Hurdle Race of 80 sovs., on the first day, and the Railway Stakes of 100 sovs., and the Warrnambool Steeplechase of 200 sovs., on the second day. Impetus, Discovery, and The Levite have gone into Morrison's stable Ragman has again changed hands, Mr. W. T, Jones having sold him to the well- known trainer H. Yeend. Mistake, by Dante—Stockdove, has changed hands, ana will go to the stud. It is. reported that Mr. M. O'Shanassy is about to take a trip to the old country, and that his stud of racehorses will be shortly disposed of by auction. Our Ballarat correspondent reports that on Thursday James Scobie, the welt- known cross-country rider, was married to Miss Patterson, step-daughter of Mr. RobertOrr, who is equally well-known as an owner of racehorses. Middlemarch, Mercury, and Trojan have been struck out ot the O&kleigh; Handicap. Mr. C. L. Macdonald has given up racing tor the Stock Exchange. His training stables will be occupied by Mr. A. h. Johnson. At a meeting of the Maryborough and Cari9brook Racing Club, held on the 2nd inst., it was decided to .hold the annual meeting on the 18th and 19th April. \- A meeting of the members of Bowes's Clnb will be helq on the afternoon ot the 7th inst., " to consider the advisability of raising the entrance fee for bookmakers to £25, providing they have not previously beeu members of the club.". The sales of Mr. L. L. Smith's racing l stud; also the Alexlea breeding studj ana j yearlings will be found on page 38. 