,:| -= I IN A CHINESE THEATRE. WEITER. . in 31 ac mi lian1 s Magazine thus describes his experiences of the Chinese stage. To see the ^ whole play y ou ^*'will have to come at four in the after- noon and stay till midnight. " yTou must not stir : there are no inter- vals, and you might ' mar all by this start- ing.' You must watch intently tlie exits and entrances, note the disguises and transformations. An actor who has \ gone out scantily clad may reappear in llowing robes fourteen feet in circumfer- ence, with a gorgeous helmet two feet high ; but you must bc able to recognise ! him: you must look beyond the streaming beard and moustache that hang so oddly in front of his face like a veil. Tou must not be deceived by appearances. That hero is not necessarily dead because his head has apparently been cut off-it may be , he has only suffered enchantment. " Do not allow yourself to be annoyed by the set, stalking gait, thc short, quick i stride, and the ridiculously sudden wlieel ; ing about of thc men, nor by the distres- singly affected and mincing airs of the ! ladies. Heed not that constantly recur I ring, rapid, curving fling of the leg wrhich seems to twist that member almost into a knot. Learn to And pleasure in the lithe ? neatnesses of the actors, and in the quick, i delicate movements of the wrist and hands with which they follow the music-for there is music, and much of it, and a very ?j important and characteristic part it plays. It is a mass of sound forced from gongs and cymbals, from tom-toms, from curious loud liddies, from mouth instruments that emit a blare louder than a trumpet, and from twanging instruments with strings." The author thus describes a tragedy : "A maiden sits weeping on the stage. Her father, once a powerful mandarin, has had i to fly with her from bitter enemies who still pursue them. She had fallen blind through the witchcraft and wicked spells of their persecutors, and, in the long flight, has been guided by grasping the shaft of her father's spear. Now they have come, without friend or follower, toa desert place, and she has sunk down ex ; hausted. Her father goes out to recon 1 noitre ; and she sits chanting a mournful song, meanwhile moving her hands aim- lessly over the ground. Her fingers touch something; it is the handle of her father's sword, and as she clutches it her song suddenly stops. She shivers as she raises it. and tries its keen edge ; and then once again her song commences. But it is soon stopped for ever, for she suddenly drops her neck over the edge of the sword, and quietly dies. Her father, who is close at hand, rushes frantically forward to pre- vent her, but too late. In his wild grief he snatches up the sword, stained Avith his darling's blood, and turns back desperately to meet his pursuers. Soon he returns, with an arrow buried deeply in his shoul- der, Avhich he painfully draws, and dies, and so thc scene ends." The author thus describes a comedy he saw in San Francisco:-"The hero, a sea- captain, comes in and seats him- self at a table to write ; but he is heavy with sleep, his head soon drops,and befalls into a peaceful slumber. But scarcely has his nap begun when he is disturbed by thc hasty entrance of a breathless fellow who begins, Avith an air of great consequence, to pant out a long tale of not the slightest importance. The captain listens for a time Avith wide-open eyes ; but when he linds that the story has settled down into an uninterrupted sing-song Avhich SIIOAA'S no prospect of reaching an early conclusion, he tries to break the thread of the narra- tive. All in vain, for the tedious felloAV represses his interruptions Avith a depre- catory wave of the hand, and goes on his monotonous Avay Avith head thrown back and eyes half-closed in an ecstacy of delight at haAring secured a listener. After a time the captain, submitting to the inevitable, adopts the Avisest course in the circumstances, and dozes off to sleep again. The bore is so satisfied Avith him- self, and so engrossed in his tale, that he never notices this, and still goes on, with never a stop. But a mysterious avenger is at hand. A limping ghost of horrible ap- pearance, Avho remembers his own suffer- ings on earth, hops in un seen* to befriend the captain. He squats silently behind the chair of the story-teller, holding the club he carries in readiness to strike, while that Avorthy is still quite unconsciously jabber- ing interminable nonsense. Once the club is raised threateningly over him, and twice, and yet he goes on : then a thundering stroke decends on his shoulders which stops his voice so suddenly that it leaves him Avith open mouth iu the middle of a word. In comical terror he gazes about, in vain attempts to find out whence the bio AV came, then in amazement seizes the sleeper and rouses him to tell of this terrible new affair. But the captain listens with hazy inattention, evidently thinking it some more of the same tale, and doses off im- mediately. The bore, abandoned UOAV to the tender mercies of the sceptre, runs hither and thither, adopting first one plan and then another to discover or avoid his invisible assailant ; but the ghost craAArls after him Avherever he goes, now clubbing, UOAV clutching him, until at last the poor Avretch makes his escape half dead Avith. fright, and the captain is left to sleep in peace, Avhile the ghost curls up by his side like a faith- ful dog whose labors are done." 