" Tristan " in Melbourne. V.B.O. AUTUMN MKHTINQ. Tho V.R.C. Autumn Meeting of 1888 may not inappropri- ately bo described as " White's benefit." 1 believo the V.lt.O. aotuaUy lost ínonoy hythe meeting. But that is of littlo moment to tho club as long as good racing is pro- vided, lor tho grout success of tho spring meeting amply makes up for any falling off in the autumn. Mr. Whito'8 success was phenomenal. To wlu such Important races as tho Essendon StakoB, Ascot Vile Slakes St. Leger, Newmarket Handicap, Siros' Produce Stakes, Australian Cup, Champion Stakes, All-aged Stakes, and Loch Plate is a performance unparalleled in any part of tho world. The winning horses, too, were all bi od by himself ; a fact which must amaze publie breeders^ who cannot compote with such wonderful results. The victors were turned out in splendid fettle by Tom Payton, and wore all ridden by that contmramate horse- man, Tom Hales, who eclipsed all his previous efforts by riding no fewer than eleven winners. If tho tmccess of Mr. White's horses was remarkable, thenou-BiiccesB of Mr. Long's was equally BOJ for, although he had a fine lot of horses to his name, ho did aot win a single race, which means also that Gorry did not ride a winner. Wûen My Lord and M >orhouse wo» tho Oak- leigh Handicap and the Hawkesburn Handicap at Caulfield botweeu thom, their success was lookod upon as an indica- tion that there was as jood a time in storo for the Chipping Norton stable at the V.R.C. Autumn Mooting. But tho promise wau rudoly dispelled. Mr. S. G. Cook won three good races with Tho Yeoman, Remus, and The Charmor; and no one begrudges him a turn, for tho mns> or of Pytohley Lodge is a good sports- man, and always tries to win. Mr. Donald Wallace appro- priated tho Brunswick Stakes with Mentor, who is a real good colt; but tho more-thought-of Enfilado hardly did justice to the magpie jacket. A bettor time is in storo for him, however; for I am assured ho is a good horne. Evorylody was glad to BOO M>-. Whittingham have a win; aud the success of Mr. W. C. Cooper's uolors in tho Nur- sery Handicap was wellrecoived. The "birdcago" waspretty well patronised ; but I regard it only as a doubtful benefit. If .it was erected for tho purpose of pro venting the people from crowding round a hors'o while ho is undergoing his toilet, it must bo put down as a failure, for the crowds dotted hero and there wore just as lai go aB they would have beon had there boen no barrie . But tho " temperance bar" is worth copying at Randwick. There tea, coffee, coona, chocolate, soda and milk, àc., wero obtainable at moderato prices, together with a tasty snack, and it was thronged most of tho duy. Tho pressmen 1 found kind and obliging, and I owe thom my th» uks for many little sorvicos. Tho second day's racing showed Tho Queen in a new charactor, for sho led ott' by winning tho Maidon Stakes in a canter. Lord Allen was the favorite, but ho could not make Tho Queen gallop ; and, although tho distano» was a milo and a quarter, it is evident that on this form Tho Queen ought to have been second in tho Newmarket Han- dicap. Tho Queon had run 13 times previously, but al- ways witho- t huccess. I dou't think Mr. Mayo backed her for.raucb, for 5to ¿was alwuys on offer. Notwithstanding that Volloy mot Lady Betty and Pearl Shell on worse termB than on tho firut day, she won even more easily than bo¡ ore, and placed the rich Sires' Produce Stakes to Mr. White's credit. Lonsdale is a nice colt ¡ but, judged by this run- ning, ho is not up td tho best 2-years-old form. Ruby was tho favorite for the Hurdle Raoe, but whoa it came to racing there was nothing in it with Leporollo, & woll-namod son of Don Giovanni. Ho was a great duffer when ho was first put to tho business. But he hus im- proved in a marvellous dovroo, and has both paco and j jumping ability. If I remember aright, Loporollo was wt ll backed for the Victora Dorby in his year. Those con- nected with him havo only just discovered his forte. Tho Au.it alian Cup waB a one-horso race. Hales, on Carlyon, rode a waiting race in front, and ultimately won by half a length from Arsenal, who had a bit of bad luck in not bomg able to get through sooner ; otherwise he would probably have been hei aided the winner, for he wa* going groat guns at tho finish. Dick Swiveller ran a good, game colt, an<i finished third. Tomlin lost his whip soon after tho start ; and although I do not think ho could havo won, thero is no telling what a little persuasion might bave done. Dick Swiveller is a rare shaped ono, and I hear thathis joint owners havoro/used £1300 for him. Hehoswon a good number of races in tho country dist icts of Vic- toria, and so far has not had a shoe on. Enfilado disap- pointed me, for although at the distanoo he was second to Carlyon, be immediately dropped back again. Malua seems to have had lin dayexcoptas a stud horse; and Muorhouso is overrated or unreliable. Dividend was served np with the hottest Indian condiments for thc Public Auction Stakes, and in tho belief that ha would procure a better price, Mr. Cook put upa stable boy. But the plan failed ; for Dexter, a 4 t > 1 chance, beat him easily. By tho time the distance was reached Dividond was going as slow «s a poach, and tho boy was of no assist- ance to him. Tho jockey, Davis, was haled boforo the stewa ds for suspicious riding, but ho satisfied them that ho did his best to win, and he escaped scot free. Chicago, a Tocal bred horse, by The Drummer out of Corisande, did backers a good turn by winning the Bourke Handicap, but only after a great raco with Acme, who ran him to a head with Ost 71b and Hales in the saddle. I It is often said that bookmakers aro not desirable racing men-tirat they don't run their horses straight. But there are exceptions. Take, for instance, the Second Hurdle Race, I with which tho third day's card bo,'an. Yarraman's owner, I a bookmaker, did not fancy his horse's chance, and laid nearly £20iO against him 5 but Yarraman won, muoh j to the chagrin of tho Ruby division, who would have landed a nico little bit if Yarraman had'boon out of the way. Carey, Scobie'* head man, rode Yarraman ¡ while I Scobie him elf steered Euby. Ravensworth ran well with his big woight ; but, considering that ho has only won one hurdle ruco in his life, ho ought have boen lot off a bit i lightor. Halos seems . to be equally successful whatever ' colors ho dons, and on Lady Betty he won the Nursory < Handicap in tho oran e jacket of Mr. \V. C. Cooper. Tho ¡ Gift, did not disgrace herself, but as tho » osult proved she ! had n » chanco of beating Lady Betty at 121b. The j Roman, an unruly brothor to Bristol, wanted to play ! pranks at the post, and he was loft there when tho flag droppod. Spade Guinea started favorite for tho Autumn Handicap, and was backed for heaps of monoy. Had her day como at last ? No, it was a falso alarm j for sho finished absolutely last in a flold of soven. She ran like a rank bad one, and it hardly seems likely that she will show tho grand form in Australia which so distin uished her career in New Zealand. Thoso connected wita the mare have lost a nice littlo pcuny ovor hor, and I am not surprised i that Mr. Oxenham ls wishful to got rid of her. The Quoen. I who ran fifth, is anothor of tho same sort, and will never I do. any barm but to her backers. Tho Yeoman was a strong I tip, and after Moorhouse hud made most of the running j tho big son 01 The Englishman landed Mr. Cook's colors first past thu post. Seeing that Tho Yeoman won tho Graud National Hurdle Race, ho must bo considered a good ono, whothor over hurdles or on tho flat. Bon Bolt came too lato as usual. There was not much betting on tho Champion Stakes. Muny a punter tried to place thom, and invariably picked Aboreorn first, Enfilade socond, and Nolsou third. But Nolson upset thoir calculations by running second. The result proved, as it has always ' proved, that old horses have not a ghost of a chanco with j a good 3-yeaiB-old, and it might bo advisable to alter tho weight-for-airo scale, as applied to tho autumn at auy rato. The public again backed Knightsbridge for tho Special Juvônilo Stakes, n t withstanding his "display" ia tho Hopeful Stn koa, in which race, with 2 to 1 ou him, ho ran last. Ho improved a littlo on that exhibition, but was not equal to tho task of winning; tho raco fading to Ambition, who showed a bit of form up Wa<¡ga way in tho Spring. Ho was pilotod by tho popular jooltoy Halos, who thiiB rodo throo winnora during tho after- noon. Epicuroan was second: and but for a 101b penalty. Fielder would just about havo won, Thoro was a groat rush to «ot on Whnkawai for tho Freo Handicap. Tho rip was in everybody's mouth, Some of tho " talent" thought there wa* somothing auspicious in tho natno, and pronounced it "Walk-away." Dackors wer« again disappointed, howover, for both Roinus and Mentor boat the popular fanoy, M>. S. G. Cook's colors thus proving successful for tho second timo. Cranbrook .javo us auoihor tasto of his quality in tho All-agôd stakes, which ho won in tho commonest of can- tors, notwithstanding that ho was o posed by such (loot footed beasts as My Lord, Lonsdale, and Lady Hetty. Cranbrook is a big plain-looking horse ¡ nnd, to look at him, ono wonders whero ho stowB hiB extra- ordinary spcod. If Halos had so wished it, tho raco might havo boon a caso ot Eclipso first, and tho rest nowhere, for I fool certain that Cran- brook could havo distancod tho lot. I was glad to soe young Fioldor sooroa win on Alphington, who placod tho Onplaced Two years-old Handicap to Mr, Whittingham's crodit, Tho colt played up a bit at tho start. But tba youncBter etuok to him, and brought him hom« victorious. Kangaroo won th» Steoplccbase. But foul riding on CorrU'an's purt lost him cha stakes, which went to Scottie's mount; Ruby. Scobio's grounds for ob- jecting to Kangaroo'wero that Corrigan had crossed him at tho homo turn before Kangaroo was two lengthB in front, as required by racinir law. After hearing tho evidence tho stewards disqualified Kangaroo and gave tho raco to Ruby. Carlyon iollowed up his success in tho Australian Cup by winning, tho Loch Plato, backers having to lny 3 to 1 bu. Tho connections of Enfilade seora to havo como to the conclusion that O'Brion could »ot do justico to the horso, who is,.very lazy ; and Power was substituted for his accus- tomed jockey. Power "worked his passage" the whole journey ; but tho tactics adopted singularly failed to bring ab<>ut an improvement in Enfilade's form, for although Power sont him along with tho inten- tion partly of stealing a march and partly to find out a weak spot in Carlyon, tho result was ncvo<\- in doubt when onco thoy had enterod tho straight. But a formidable opponent cropped up in tho unthought-of Cyclops, who, coming with a wet Bail from the distance post, got within n lon-th of the favorite, who was ridden out. Malua and Nelson performed very badly. Nelson seems to havo gone off, and Malua's placo is at tho stud. Bon Bolt won tho Place Handicap like .a racehorse. This horse could have won many good races, but for bad jockoyship. On this occasion Saunders always had his mount in tho front rank, and when it came to racing, thero was nothing in it but Bon Bolt, who carried the steadier of R.13. His victory was duo en tiroly to Saunders, who rodo with great iudgmont. Yel- low Jacket was supported in earnost for tho Farewell Handir ap, hut lio ran as disappointedly as over, and ia evidently not as good as is supposed. The winner tuned up in Tho Charmer, who was brod by Mr. John Ealos, at Duokonfiold Park, Tho " maroon and silver" of Mr. S. Gr. Ccok was thu3 three times successful during tho meeting. Among tho successful jockeys Halos stands out liko a Triton among minnows. In all bo rode eleven winners. His successes were achievod on Carlyon (throo times). Abercorn (twice)-, Cranbrook (twico), Voller (twico), Lady Butty, and Ambition. Campbell comes next, with throe wins on Forest Queen, Tho Yeoman, aud Remus, and those who wer o once successful were O'Brien, C. Gough, King, Williams, Power, Carey, Fielder, Scobio, Saunders, and Huxley. Chester, of course, heads tho list of winning sires, with, that extraordinary trio Carlyon, Cranbrook, and Aber corp, who went through tho ordeal unbeaten. Mus- ket, had. two successful representatives in Vo'loy and Forest Queen; and Tho Queen and Chicago kept up The Drummer's reputation. Tho other winning sires at tho moctin* wore Swiveller (Mentor), Don Giovanni (Loporollo), Mercury (Dexter), Breadalbane (Yarraman), St. Albans (Lady Bel ty). The Englishman (Tho Yeoman), Hastings (Ambition), Gang Forward (Remus), Motea (Alphington), Lapidist (Ruby), Newbold (Ben Bolt), and Honchman tTho Charmer). 