mmx kws. BEACONSFIELD. Mining gives me nothing startling to i record The Tasmania cleaned up for a magnificent four weeks' crushing — the best, I believe, this mine has returned. A break occurred in the part of the claim known as the Lefroy on Tuesday. One of the sweep rods of the engine snapped, and some few days will elapse ere the damage can be repaired. The Phoenix, West Tasmania Amalgamated, Moonlight, and Denmark are going on without noteworthy alteration;' The Ophir ' christening ' was, of course, the event, par excellence of the week ; the claim is now in full swing. Death has' been playing sad havoc in Beaconsfield of late, no less than three having occurred inside of 24 hours this week, besides three others during the past fortnight. The dread presence is ever felt keenly, but in one case the bitterness is terribly enhanced by the fact of 6even small children being rendered motherless. On Monday evening the wife of Mr Joseph Hines, while engaged about some domestic duties, suddenly went into a faint. The little son ran up the street for the father, but he only arrived in time to have her die in his arms. An inquest is to be held on Thursday. Mueh indignation is expressed by the public at bodies having to be kept two and three .days awaiting the convenience of the coroner. There can be no valid reason for not appointing some local resident to' the position. We have two J.'sP., either suitable, besides numerous others, and the sooner the Government ap point a coroner for Beaconsfield who ean be secured at au hour's notice, the sooner will a glaring instance of mismanagement be rectified. We have nothing to say against Mr Glover, the present coroner, except that bis numerous duties, and the distances he must travel in the pursuance of them, entirely uiifit him for such an office. Just when lie is required, he may be at Lisle heating a Court of Mines case, and there are two days' travelling before he can reach Beacousfield. Several females have been much scared lately by the appearance of a 'ghost.' Whoever the contemptible cowardly hood lum is that is thus amusing himself at the expense of timid women, 'tis a thousand pities he could not be detected by someone willing and able to administer the reward such idiotic conduct deserves. When some delicate creature is frightened to death, the guilty wretch will probably be sorry, if such a brainless animal is capable of finer feeling. The skating rink was well filled on Mon day night, when Mr nook's company of fancy and trick skaters appeared. Little Ma3r was much applauded for her clever [ feats on wheels. Our champion rifleman, 1'. M'N'aUy. is to lire a match against Private John Frust, the self-styled champion of the ^Mirth, on Wednesday next, on the Launceston Hange, for £10 aside. M'Xally is not very enthu siastic about Journeying to Launceslon for such a small sum, but Mr Frost would not consent to a larger stake. An agitation is on foot about having the boundaries of the district re-defined. A public meeting will shortly be called, at which delegates from Frankford, Gien garry, etc., will be present, and I may have something more on this question in my next. The Rifle Club have secured the Alfred liali for drill purposes on Wednesday even ings, and it is to be hoped the members Wi l . encourage Mr Bastian by mustering in full force. At the Police Court on Saturday (before Mr T. G. Williams, J.P.) W. Worthy was arraigned for larceny as a bailee. A remand was applied for by Sub-Inspector Hayes, and granted. 