rw r _;VARIETIES. A H.aunted hisp. .WIMT OFFICEBS AND OREW THOUGHT THEY SAW .IN MID-OoEAN. 'It is ghostsP Well, I deolare! Now, .just listen and I will tell you a story, every 'word'of which is true. It happened to ?myself, and I can therefore vouoh for it.' . h' hie "speaker was Captain Charles Munson, formerly for years captain of a large clipper ;ship in the China trade, but at present purser on the Ward Line steamer Saratoga. Hee is a man who has seen the sea of every colime, and who has dined is almost every ,:large seaport of the world. The correspondent listened with the closest attention to the following story, and here gives it to the reader, believing it will prove as interesting as it did to himself. 'In the latter part of the year 1882, I was uaeling in the ship A. B. Parker of Boston, of which I was captain. She was a fine, large vessel of 1800 tons, built expressly for the China trade. We had a cargo out for the Sandwich Islands, wherew we wore to take a new cargo for Hongkong. Therefore instead of going around the Cape of Good Hope, which is the usual route to China, we Swent around the "horn" (Cape Horn, South America). Our voyage was unevent ful and pleasant until we were in south latitude about 25 dog., and west longitude 93 dog. 30 min. The day on which we took this observation was clear and fine. But it was the . last fine day we were destined to have in over a week. A storm came on that night with the utmost sudden ness. The second mate of the Parker was a youngmannamed Hilton. He hadbeenwith me in this berth three years, and I was greatly attached to him. On the third night of the storm, before going on deck to head his watch, he said to me : ' Captain, my day has come; I feel it-I know it !' I tried to reason him out of the idea. I insisted on his taking an extra glass of Santa Cruz, but he was awfully down in the mouth. Just before leaving the cabin, he gave me his watch, saying : ' I want you to promise me, if anything should happen to me to-night that you will se that my wife who lives in New Bedford, Mass., shall get this, and that you will tell her and the chil dren that I died on duty.' I detained him, anid said: ' Tom, you take things too seriously. What ails you P Stay below. I will head your watch myself.' Then he laughed and said: 'Well, I suppose eIam a fool. No, no, captain, I guess that will be all right, but I have had such a queer presentiment. I dare say nothing will come o it.' Thus reassured, I;let him go on deck. I was engaged in writing up my diary, and the first mate sat at -the same table with me, writing up the ship ,journal, when we heard a strange, booming mound, like heavy surf on a rock shore. Both of us ran up on deck in the utmost haste. The gale was increasing in violence and the sea was running mountains high. Evidently we were not near any surf, for there was not the least sign of breakers, nor did we hear the sound again. Suddenly, as we stood at the companion hatch, holding on to the ropes to steady ourselves, we saw the second mate turn toward us and point seaward, then make a sign forustogo down the stairway. Inan instant more we were boarded by a huge bowler that swept the ship from stem to stern. In our haste to escape the rush of waters we lost sight of the secoend mate, and we never saw him alive again. A sailor who was at the mizzen-cap saw him disappear with the flood of water as it left the vessel into the deep blackness of the storm and ocean, a wild yell coming from his lips, soon to be for ever closed with the ocean over them. The storm continued to rage with undi minished fury for three days after this, and during this time our attention was all taken up with handling the ship. On the first fair night after the storm the full moon was up in the.sky and now stood guard above the Southern Cross, a faint, phosphorescent glimmer flashed now and again from the wave-eap3, and a dolorous wind moaned and hed through the cordage. The night was glorious. As I walked forward and back on my watch on deck how lonely it seemed ! If you have never been on board a ship in the South Pacific Ocean you cannot realise from any description the feeling that comes over one on a midnight watch-nothing but a frail ship beneath you over a desert ocean, with a great starry vault above. All on board asleep save only yourself and the watch. Thus I felt rather m the temper that ghosts prefer to have their friends in when they ap ar, and I am not sure but I almost expected to see a ghost when suddenly, as I turned in my solitary pace up and don, I saw that I was not alone on the quarter-deck. A man was coming toward me, but did not seem to recognize my presence-he evidently was on watch too. It was the second mate, or, as I soon saw, his ghost. Yes, it was his ghost; there could be no doubt. I tried in vain to approach and lay hand on the figure but it always eluded me, and suddenly, after pacing up and down the 'deck an hour or so, the figure disappeared as suaddenly as it had come. Well, I was not a little horrified; but for obvious reasons did not say a word to anyone about the matter. A haunted ship is about the worse thing on earth. Next night about midnight there was a great commotion in the forecastle. All the men were out on deck quicker than you could say "Jack Robinson." Terror was in their faces; some were shrieking and others acted as though they would jump overboard. I ran to the forecastle as quickly as I could. On entering it, there in the centre of the floor stood the ghost of the second mate, with a belaying pin in his hand. "Jack, go below I" I commanded, addressing him, and to my astonishment he disappered like a puff of wind. I reasoned with the sailors, but all in vain. They had seen the ghost. That was enough, and nothing would induce them to return to the forecastle; theypreferred to sleep'on deck. Well, this kind of thing con tiniued during the remainder of the voyage, and daily it became more terrible. I do lbe Heve we would all have jumped overboard rather than stood it had we not been so near Honolulu when it commenced. At last the weloome harbour was gained and the crew disharged. The Parker lay there three years afterward, and could get no cargo, no eaptain, no crew. Every one knew of her story-she was haunted. At last she caught re and was burned to the water's edge. SAs remarkable as this story may seem, I assure you it is the truth. I don't know mtoch about ghosts and spirits (other than wood oldr ma). I never have seen any but this one and Ihope I may never see another. -Cinoculim, REuirCr. 