[CO.NTOH, FJIOM r -MEXSr,] LADY BRANKSMERE By the Author »>f %Ph\\-ttt.» u lr CHAPTER £X1 II "" My soullicsMd in shades of grie'f." Upon the "broad stone flagged terrace g'i tubs of odorous evergreens arc clotted 1 and there casting fclusir perfumes into i «3owy darkness. A little harmless Hi: shower had fallen from heaven aA ft6At ; and still the large shining leaves Ave wet V; it, and sparkle softly in tl\6 moonbeams, above, the pale drifting clouds lmvc b scattered by a Wandering wind, and now Queen of Night is sailing calm and tranq in the blue ether. Bowii in the gardens the tall wluteliK'ci nwdding their drowsy heads, and the sw< trailing roses arc easting shiUiows on t closely shavon sward. The air seems burden with the warm scent oi them. Pale discs light are lying irt soft patches on the mos turf, and now and.again a sleepy cow frc the distant rookery in Branksmere \V<W ♦lmt border on the town, is all that iVUUQs fcreak the unutterable calm: of the hour. The tender-colored night draws hard breath. It seems more like a sweet tw light than the soft bordering on the lin of n new day, and through the scented dar iiess a little loving breeze is rushing wii gentle petulance. Far tjeyond again lies' the fountMiV i sprays rising and • falling' 'fa h. laz; suggestive of the musical fashion, thougl ith'it it' would: fain slumber, but driven into action by some tyrannical Pixi' lying laughing at its basin where the bi white flowers are glistening amongst the swaying leaves. Muriel centring to a stain still beside it, seats herself dreamily iipfjVfl' marble edg©v And dreamily still, jSvSIIr oil' hi glove and lets her fingers play 'amongst tl •opening buds 'that lie on tlvi, water's bosom. Statues seating hin»solf beside her watcln Iwr "with a curious intentness. Never befoi perhaps has hsi felt so keenly the power,.an perfection of her beauty. The'mystic hov fKo cvaf™!- i ^ ■ —the sdsfosfc breathing of the night—fcho sense of famess; only rendered, more acute ibjr Mw swelling'and.dying, of tlio.' slumberous waltz that comes to thorn, every now and then upon the;, midnight.. wind—all tend to firing passion into life. It seems impossible) that anyone/should be awake save they two! All, the .world, might indeed be de,irt.!.,'t><'<A uh;ifc sveeet mournful' music' theii,'X;ft\tieiiiij with caul^ fcwo to hear it! ■ t-, . IHo human voice comes to them; no whisper, only, the sighing of the rustl'iVg grciss, and Wwfomlcpoing'of the^eed doves. The pcrfame ofthe JUic? vraft'ti'A to them, aud.'sliti fairer'tliah any lily, is sitting.motion less ujjon the marble basin, her head half turned aside. •• 1 Her white gown, with its touches of gold, is i making a .vivid blob against: the <lark background of firs. The moonbeams . have descended,--and caught her, rand 'are:' encir cling her with their white flames, playing amongst the folds tliat deck' her gown/ and glancing off the gems that deck her.. "Diamonds to fasten the h&ir; and diamonds rto fasten the sleofjs. t • . .»• . -r,yn » laxies .to {drip from the.rays, like- a ipowder ■of sbow from the eayes." ..... I'resontly, (is though the silbnefe his reached 3ier even through' the Atittour of strange thoungts that, had1 clo-theil her, 'sh'e lifts her head and looks rrtttnd,her with an air of ofie suddenly startled.' ■. How A.part we seehi tobe," she says dis contentedly. . •"I am:glad: of it," returns ' StMi\es jin' a manner'iliurried, impulsive 'tt;. seems to attract'her. r . , ' , =" ,i '" You are ehangedy* she says,, leaning-for ward and regarding him curiously: " What is it? The moonlight? It always makos me too, long to be alone." She sighs as one waking from a rapture— aud a certain'little^sdifse'ofHvigue'Jlfut joyful rest that lias' sweetened' her lips flies. She looks once again cold, loveless, impassive. He checks the eager words lie would lsnvo uttered, and instead, .stooping towards <lier, puintsto'tlie white flowers' sue Kolds,' "I hardly dared hope so much." " So much?' " That you would,wear my flowers.'' " You mistake," she' says coldly.' " These are not yours. _ You will understand," quickly, with icy courtesy, "'that I thought yours charming; that I was muclr.'.gKitified; but I have not used them." "How then!" with an admirably puzzled air; " you received two bouquets the Sime?" ■ • ' '■ : 1 - " In effect, yes. But the,, flowers are dif ferent. Yours were 'lilies', if you remem ber." ,1 "Pardon me," smiling pleasantly, " mine ware Jioatli. Whose, the lilies nvere I am at a loss to conjecture, but my bouquet was com posed of heath." Lady Branksmerp flushes slowly. She feels perplexed, uncertain. Had she made a mis take? Surely Bridgman had given these flowers last, .with his lordship's compliments. A sudden frown wrinkles her forehead. "I do not comprehend," she says. "Of course there is a mistake somewhere. But, stoadily, "I regret, I had no idea I was wearing the flowers you so kindly sent me." " Ah ! That knowledge I liave taken to heart. Pray do not be afraid I shall imagine otherwise," returns he, with a touch of pride that is yet sadly humble. "I must express my regret that that sorry gift 'of mine," glancing at the flowers, ' " has., occasioned you some annoyance. Whoever sent you the other flowers,",with meaning, " is to be envied." His'tbne is almost a qiiesticm/arid it gets its answer. >,| " Lord Briuiksmere sent them," returns she quickly, if indifferently. Something in her manner that Staines chooses' to translate to his own satisfaction sends a sudden light of triumph to his "eye <7 To Him her hasty answer is equivalent to a desiro on her part to relieve-, (himrof rail', jealous' fears. r-She would haT6-hun assu're'd*that i!o"other man's flowers had .been-chosen, in, lireference ;to hi^,i)ut that'Branksmerp's. had; been worn through a niere, : sense, of; mingled fear , and duty. : -■ Her fingers are still in a listless fashion rippling the calm .water of the fountain. Seen by the'rays of the ghostly 'moon, they look like the fingers of a dead hand floating there iu their-sltender whiteness. Staines, stooping over the basin, takes possession of thenij- and forcibly draws them from the ' water. • The large drops falling from them glisten like jewels. Muriel seems surprised by his action, but not inordinately so. "Let my hand go," she says, haughtily, disdaining to make any physical effort to re lease'herself. " In one .moment." Carefully, and with the utmost tenderness, yet with au obedient haste, he dries the hand ho holds—the hand that once had laid in his idly, contentedly, for hours, yet that now chafes and frets at his touch. Perhaps the impatience that thrills through it is not altogether displeasing to him a3 he lifts his eyes and intently scans the lowered lids and silent face before him. A sad face, pathetic in its studied coldnoss, that hides as if with a mask the workings of its owner's heart. Have i. her thoughts travelled backward, too, to those old days of despised freedom, when poverty was :he ohief sorrow with her,, and she lived in the ilidst of a merry tangle of boys and girls, ana when there was one outside who , She comes back to the present with a diarp sigh as Staines lays her hand now dry upon her lap. " Don't put it in again," he says quietly. " It is still early in the year and the water is chilly. . You may catch cold." " I never catch cold "—absently—" as you may remember." She regrets the words even as thoy pass her lips, and the opportunity they afford him. He seizes upon it eagerly. ' " Remember ?" he repeated in a tone of strongly repressed passion. ''I have at leaat one solace in my desola tion," says Staines, in a low tone. '* And that is the knowledge that I suffer alone. It is, it shall be," vehemently, lasting com fort forme to know that' you ai;e as free from regrets as I am overshadowed by ,them." , ■/'Shadows are movable things," .with a f'i«t shrugg of her shoulders. "It seems to lnp Miat at times you can emerge from yours with^ very tolerable success." but thoy always follow one. In reality (Uiough one may deceive one's self at t nnos) there is no escape from them. But be happy in thought; that they do not trouble yon that those old days so dear to me, are 'W you remembered but as a foolish passing dream." \ : 'Would j-3u have mo believe you un . wppy," demands she, scornfully, . . - I would i-ave you believe not& dis pleasing to you. Mould your Belieldcord ing to your fancy." , 1 "Il'UVinonc. I have lost nlbliefs," declares she. with a rather reckless £ance. " But don't waste tirno over thaipeech. You look as though yon had soiling to say. Say it." * . " You are wrong. Iiiovcr feltinoiohgue tied in my life, I could tell you norig that is not already old and weary rievrtp. yo\i-. That I have loved-, that X ui lov.that I shall love .yortftiVfl y oil only—for fer and 'eVer. . ■ ■/. His tone 'is so calm, so entirely uting in the vehemence that disturbs', tli.it J ^oonis scarcely called upon to riso and .'bid his further utterance. She sits qui; iiUltS} with hor oyes do\vnpi!s^, iiiid H fingers tightly laced. lylHg in her lap. ;> 1 . " It $S tin interesting tale, is it f?" con tinues he, quietly. "All on the «; string. Yet for me it has variations. I cumake my < torture a little keener now and ail by a t careful reminding of myself that ii woman ) for whom I would have bartered try hope I possess—doKberitMy—-tii lier o\free will s.—severed between us overy tie." I <■ " l?oV whom you would havbartcred I'all ?' WhjT did you never proteajo much as that in those old days you are .'fond of recalling ?" enquires she with a sden cold isncer. , . . , <; . «' "I thought I had protested ni5\ I 1)6^ liicved my soul as ojicn to yotajkae, fts I riuuully dreamed VoUi'S Was to' irtj. . 1. saw itgo iVeefssity for words. I"—jcctedly— \vas mistaken upon bothpointsly failure itvas my own fault, no dou'ofbut it is qibne the less bitter for that." j [hi "If, indeed, you feel as you w pretend, i'OU should never have come to /is house," ivSleclares she with slow distinctlj.s, but he )igvn see that she ia tmttMthg. " ciii" I know that now, but =n. How id^uld 1 tell—ho^y. be svue hafr ifjis with me hefttil 1 saw you'agftin."-, lie isieaking with leistreine agitation ; at this moint, indeed, heei is sincere enough, and the Jinan before i. tai, standing gazing at him wtv head erect, ies:|all lier cold, imperious be«y, seems to rem the one desirable tiling j earth. He id id almost denied the truth tiMadamc von uriirsk—had rofilsnd at least tacknowledue jyet certainly the honestc lovo he liad er known hatl been called ito existoncn [(Muriel Daryl. Tlio girl luatl accounted Rrniinp, u nme Worthatly wihhliii* ^tho lh'sb Ictve of his httil ak into"insig loaVvtV lioaido blic pussioiie admiration ll'itl felt on seeing her asjady Branks ?e: The gorgeous setting 1J11br new life liso suited hor nsl'd enhaed her every' iut.y Mi at the memory of tlgirl grew dim ^ii'e the splendour of the •uhan. To admires her—finding T; fresh charm a in her Every insolenceawards him— Bts her daily, encourages 10 a settled de ation of the man who, )< use his own lights, has stolen her fm him. That sis mistress of the best afction he has to <^is beyond question—bu 'that affection j/falls short of what ft trf-lover's should oil-that his love for liimlf is by many dios stronger than his lifl? for hor could 0'| be. Still his l'ogiird ir lior. is great ;Cigli to throw passion intilis voice and a jCt^n fire into his jlandsoisj E',v#. i seem^W i^c',";l\e VehenVently, '"shoxViriVI snould come is though with "Mni eyesI must see yis! If only once ;aHj" He pauses. . i'j . , : j •. ind V Her tone is stcijf almost bitter, ibiibr lips are white. : $ : : J"-' tow I know-," tetiutfj he^ 1 Brokenly, j". 'love' still lives—nay jst. grown a thou .si»^)ld;in! its vain strong! :Il»ayp learned jinifihe holds no hope folne. That I am ,as i ; of'life as a man mavvell. be ■!" ! ' hy do you stay hereflyou ares.oun haj 1" cries she, suddetr]' " Why, .don't you ?" She rises and ;cetched oiit her ihan ith a quick impubiiineaning; " Go, I be ch you-,-"..she excliwi feverishly,1 and witl ch an eager desire if her tone that one jht'easily believe Ir"fco be entreating mor ir herself than hhr't ,:: j " mnot ! Some; poveiJhairis me tb this spot. :t is a fear, undeSiiJ tW'yfifc' but'lt> is' poo Sng-for itte^it hoic^ttlS lieW.'1 i lere morbid faiuj'j Returns she, re i'ardi him fixedly. " : should despise vagiii arnings." 'j ' ' , ;; , " ij when they poirtdwards you V She pales rce'ptibly and wild have.spoken, but sag the liaughtj iiifvfe iitii- lips -have takenlhe scorn in hiir res of all danger for herse|and yet uni'ijafch all that the lurkiiierror that hisvods have called forth, to theory blanching cfier face, he prevents tier ai^er and hurrie. a- deliberately. . " Ifcould manage :cforget, or to be in differe! I might indie','make my escape ; but thjjis impossible. Nor would I care for sucoblivion. Fa:-" with ail impatient sigh—| t | " E\J> though I've' sattered my skiff on | | Kicks, r ■ T; ; The page was sweWhilc ifclasted."'' No ! I (uld not forgjtfl Tlid very voyage that.wiked my haipjiibss will always be the dealt memory I hie.'' : | "It fplly—madncs:'] cries she, angrily. " You sUl go." . , " Ardiose your oiers ?" .demands he, sadly. Do not enforaj fchem. And there is anoth thing"—he daws nearer to her in ail agitai haste, andiis voice, sinks to a whisper,-how can I gfiand leave you here alone, siimnded' by iise who—at leant— bear you'o irood will 0 He brus oil" abrupty;asif in sure distress, but in relty to mark he effect of his words. She has spped back rom him and her hand hits dropd downwrds and is clinging ' tightly tojle cold ed</of the marble basin. j "Givejice to whaever is in your mind," she comnnds him, .ri a high, clear tone. But thougher tone i steady, there is some thing wildind straiud in the glance that accompanf it. Wht'is it he is about to say to her ? " ie you iiraid to put your in sinuation ixi plain ;ords ? The worst ene mies, theyall us, arithose of one's house hold—wins it you ould bid me distrust? Speak !—Ianksiner'f His grandmother ? —or perlns " fho draws her breath sharply, anthe squroness of her mouth be- , conies nioi'.pronoriced "Madame von ! Thirsk ?" u . <\- . ' i " You givme 111 ^opportunity," exclaim he, eagerly " Mnlfeme von Thirsk ! 'Do not trust ho.^ I kiyiv but little, I have no right to jmh, but-do not, I implore you —place faitliu tha woman." A deadly hill psse3 over Muriel. Her own suspicicS fchiu.bchoed by another, seem to enlarge tlm at once to a gigantic size. But yet lie ny kww nothing of that darker fear of hers, of tot shameful doubt that possesses he'soil by night and day; A terrible longig tint this last indignity may be spared lie5 iierfes her to answer him. "I fauciui-jyoi-'were Madame's friend," she says, in ,'ooneshc vainly strives to render careless. " Id Inot see you talking to her just now Itijipcired to me that you held very amictb).: illations with her. I was wrong V' " How an '.(say .whether you are l'iglifc or wrong ? She Lis Jgiven me 110 reason to he otherwise tlai;o«fcwardly friendly with her. It is only sum! hidden instinct that bids me watch her, f>r your sake." He hesitates openly, am thai leans towards her in an impulsive Miytl.it adds a double and most sinister mesiiiigfco his words. " I would be rid of this aeursd doubt," he says in a low, condensed t>ne," tell me—you, who should know—whaiis i there is—" between her and -—Branksme-e'! Muriel leav. .eavily against the fountain no answer fillsfrom her lips. It is all over then I The dsgice is known ! Those miser able fears ;f hers were only too well grounded. Isoso of suffocation threatens to overpower lur.ihe feels giddy, and a strange buzzing noisi> ringing through her brain distracts her. is not conscious until after wards that ii tiis instant of agony she has unconsciously fujig out her hand and. laid it with a torribe iroinbling: in it on Staines' arm, a tromb'in!, 'that betrays hor. Instinc tively as it vei'a.sho has turned to him for support, for sjcour. His pulses throb with unusu;il force af he recognises this fact, and closes his owi fngers firmly over the beauti ful slender oi<s that came to him of their own accord. Then in a moment it all passes away—her agitation—thj anguish—the deadly shame. All is gone from her, and she is herself again, save fj: an additional pallor in her, cheeks and i strained passion of fear in the grey eyes. '' Must no l.ian dare to have an old friend?" she asks, -vvitli an attempt at lightness that is only a miserable failure. Her strength is insufficient hi 'her whilst his eyes pierce her thoughts, and after a la3t vrild struggle with herself she breaks down utterly, and'buries her face in h;r hands. ".My beV.ed !" That you should have to endure all this i murmura Staineo in a tone so low,'so-replete with all the • lover's foncl indignation, that it is barely nudible ; yet it thrills through her. And then in a moment as it were his arms are round her, and he has pressed her bowed head down upon her breast. She lies there passively. At this time when her very soul is sick within hor it scorns to hor as if thore was nothing at all that mattered. What are honoilr; loyalty, faith 'I Words—all Words! Nothing remains but; Hip knowledge that Jill fchi). wlh'ld ut liberty iiolv td jfiUi* ilt lidi'; and point thelinger of scorn at her—the d.'j.ijjised info! Good heavens can such things bo for her—Muriel Daryl ? O, the old days. Tito happy days:: When she roignc.da» 11 iiiipoiMluoon ovqr thorn all. When lov6 brightened lief jpatlu Oj to )J0 ltMd Ajfftiu; .-To-lte able' td, idfgct tliid fjitfb that has boon assigned hoi-—the role of a woman noglected.by him who should be her guide, and guardian, and protector. .' And this man lovos her. This man whose affection had soomod to her a lifctlo oold, 11 littio eat'olessj lri the pusbi Slid had wronged hint tliei'R. Now in thft lidiir of her desolation it seems good to hor that love sRotilil ildii i'fi altogether denied her, that it may yet bo hers, no matter in how sorry a disguise it comes. To hor, love is a pure and holy thing —passion has no part in it. To be deemed tho 0110 thing needful, the best, the dearest possossion life can afford, by one human oroature, is all slio desires, Ghosts of a doad sWctitnosfsS rifio before her, springing to lifo agiliii lienttftth tile. BUr/leit of.hct gripf; .Must She With Hor owil ll.iiids ririislj. LHuiii back iiMxf their graVOS . .agahil. Is., everything to be denied her? Why . should she , so greatly dread the world—what can it "give her save its pity! She literally writhes beriepith this thought; andit,shrifcp^dBeddiitfeSjfe'r! Oh 1 tt) fiirig it all froni tier; Td rush into another, freek life. Td breathe again ! Alia .here is a' dt>or open to her—a, iuQaris of escape. , All at once a revulsion seizes upon her ; she drags herself out of his arm and stands back from him. With1 slow, shuddering gasps she catches her breath. Of what had she been thinking—she? A terror has fallen upon her, strange, vivid, horrible ; a looking into herself that has changed and darkened hor face, and made her look like an incarnate fear ! Whithor is she drifting 1 " Muriel, you shall not feel it liko this," crios Staines, shocked at tho expression in hei' eyes'. Hoar mo I". •'..Nay, sir./, %sa"!i' .teat-has ,ahe, hcuviiyi HBBt aSgraiiba'Siioujjlj'?: your, bidding all was. forgotten!. i do ,i;ob see, how I am to look anyone.of them in the facie again."; 1 '' ' '" ' ' ' • She is not-thinking -of. the!' guests i-ithin;> but of Margery—pure,^sweot,.. merry Mar ,gery—and of all the other, girls.arid boys, who call her sister " Let us talk sense," says'Staines, with, a sudden roughness, that under: the ■ circuiii-: stances is only kind. "'The. question now is how. I .can. help you. I havenothing to offer1 —nothing save my devotion.'!. ; ■ ■ "I want'nothing front' you;'' cries she,, passionately. :" That least of all. Did the,' whole world combiiio, do you think, it coiild ; aveiigc such a enso as mine I And you, of all others; lid.H' iW&jftlU; dtfer. 1118 jillijJi ? Ydiij-to' WliiJnl I have shown SWtlirir Wjrirci? refuse to.jiasS her lijis, aijtl 'lie ; jierliaps slightly misuridoi-s^ind^ tlife |jijng . she would have,laid. No-ttiIq Help from .you to nie is possible," she says, .> presently. iMBe sure of that. I will accept'nothing at your hands." ' She is white as- death!" 'and' heV grfeat' stormy eye3 are flashing. Tliey fall upon the , flowers she is still niechaniriically holding, and, wibh; a gesture . of: intense ! scorn she dashes them to the ground tfnd treads them under foot;' She turns, upon hirri lilce an outraged queen. . , r , ■ ,. V ."Qli, jthat I coiilcl sotrample out of , sight all/that troubles,lne,''. she: rcries, ;her < firiger' plucking convulsively at the soft lac.e3 that ■lie upon her bosom. 1 .' 1 ' ' : . As she so stands, beautiful in her grief, and her cruel self-contempt,, a soft, low laugh rings through the shrubbery upon her left.-..-. •: •■■[■■■ :: ! J' - ; y 'iM ';(To be Gontriiuedi) ' 