FOREIGN TELEGRAMS THE SCOTCH CROFTERS. London August 3. The Revd. Mr. Hunter, Presbyterian minister at Stornoway, states that he is unable to entertain Mrs. Campbell Crowne's scheme for assisting the emi- gration of Scotch crofters until he has been placed in possession of fuller details. [Mrs. Campbell Crowne is probably the Sydney lady mentioned in our issue of July 26, who offered to bear the expense of trans- porting a thousand crofter families from the Island of Lewis to the colonies.] A CONVICTION FOR FORGERY. London, August 3. A clerk named Grant has been sen- tenced to five years penal servitude for forging Mr. Barr Smith's signature on two letters of credit tor £200. RETURN OF AN AUSTRALIAN BISHOP. London, August 3. Dr. Moore, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, returns to Victoria in October. He has arranged to establish in the colony the orders of the Sisters of Nazareth, and the Fathers of the Con- gregation of the Holy Ghost. AUSTRALIAN MUTTON. London, August 3. The mutton per O.S.S. Liguria has sold at 4¾d per lb. THE P. & O. COMPANY. London, August 3. Mr. Edward Duncanson has been elected a director of the P. & O. Steam Navigation Company. COMMERCIAL. TALLOW. 1,400 casks of Australasian tallow were offered at auction today. Mutton tallow fetched 25s 6d per cwt. and beef 21s 6d. TIN. The tin market remains firm. Straits Tin is worth £88 5s per ton, and Austra- lian £89. COPPER. The copper market is steady. Chili copper is quoted £81 10s. IRON. The pig iron market is dull. Scotch iron is fetching 44s. 9d. per ton. SUGAR. The sugar market is depressed, and few transactions are reported. German beetroot sugar is quoted at 14s. per cwt., and Java sugar at 12s. 6d. per cwt. WHEAT. The English wheat market is strong in tone and prices remain unchanged. The Continental market is inactive and the American market declining. The spot quotation at New York for No. 2 red winter wheat is 96 cents. Austra- lian wheat is quoted at 34s. per quarter. New Zealand long berried wheat is fetching 36s. 9d. For forward ship- ments of Australian wheat buyers offer 35s. 6d. per quarter. THE MONEY MARKET London, August 4. The money market is advancing con- tinuously ewing to an expected early advance in the rates of discount. The Bank rate for discount on three months bills is 2½ per cent. The bullion market is very firm. Bar gold is selling at £77 10s. THE AUSTRALIAN ELEVEN. AUSTRALIA v. THE SOUTH OF ENG- LAND. London, August 3rd, night. The match between the Australians and the South of England, which had to be postponed yesterday, in consequence of the heavy rain, was commenced to-day. The visitors went first to the wickets and at luncheon time had scored 99 runs for 7 wickets down. After luncheon, continuing, the remain- ing Australians ad led runs to the score, the last wickets falling for 168 runs. Of this Macdonnell got top score with 3; Lyons made 32, and Jarvis 23. The South if England were easily dis- posed of, on going in for their first innings, their total only amounting to 53. Turner took 8 wickets of the Southerners for 13 runs. Being 115 runs behind, the South of England had te follow on, and at call of time had one wicket down for 6 runs. 