A. TIFF. It was their first serious one, for Mr. and Mrs. Dasson were a:warmly attached couple, on whom two years of matrimony bad not palled, nor had the effect of lessening their affection. Yet sweetest bells will jangle sometimes, , and the chords of thehuman'mind cet out or . tunc. Mary, the maid, began the mis chief. _ Stio could not bo induced to love early rising, consequently the' breakfast was lato. 3Ir. Dasson, who had aniengagement, chafcd at losing a train, and Mrs. Dasson rebelled against the blame beinglafd on her. They parted in anger; hot words had been said, cruel reproaches uttered ; the rolls and coffee left untouched ; Mr. DassOn stalking out of the house viithout his ovcrcoat, and Mrs. Dasson flying upstairs to throw hciself on her bed nnd cry stormily till her head ached and her eyes'wer/swollen.. '?What a fright I look 1' she exclaimed, when, an hour nfter, she rose and caught sight of her wan, tear-stained face in the glass.. ' My cousins talked of calling this morning, but not for worlds would I let them see mo iti this state. If I told Mary to say I am ill, they would insist oncoming up Btnirs; and if thoy should suspect that Alfred nnd I have quarrelled, they would spread the news far and wide. What shall I do? I will go out,' she finally ;determined. 'A-long walk will relieve my head, and I should feel fit for nothing if I stayed at borne. I am miserable. How could Alfred be 60 unkind 1' This ejaculation was followed by another burst of tears, but they flowed more quietly, and before they were wiped away, Leia Dawson came to the conclusion that she had not been so free from fault as she had declared herself. Who. could be more kind in general, or more forbearing than Alfred ? And if ho had spoken irritably ;shc could not deny thnt her duty ns ai wife was sadly ignored when she retorted iri the same strain. j But he had said— and then her bosom heaved angrily as she repeated to herself his captious speeches. If she had erred, he had been unjust; and as for Mary— ., Never had that culprit seen her young mistress look so stern as when she camo down stairs f dressed for walking ; never before had Jin. Das3on so sharply lectured her 1 One phrase the lady murmured, in faltering accents, that filled Mnry with remorse. 'Your want of punctuality has caused me great unhappiness.' * Her voico choked by a sob, Mrs, Dasson walked quickly away, leaving her hand maiden, to whom she was invariably kind aud considerate, quite conscience stricken. Tho park to which Lela directed her steps was not an inviting promenade, for the gravel was sloppy with recent rain, and the shrubs half hidden by mist. However, she persevered in pacing the most sheltered walks till good resolutions camo to her aid, and she could return homo in a happier frame of mind. Before doing so, however, she went to a Bon Afara'it nt no great distance. She had just remembered that Alfred was in warit of a new pair of slippers. She would buy him the prettiest pair she could procure, and this gift should, be.her peace-offering when they met in the evening. A showily- dressed woman followed her into the department Bhe visited, standing by her side while she mnde her selection j and turning over the Blippeis as if she were as sisting Mrs. Dasson in her choice; but 'when-; the Bhopman chanced to be off guard, the horrified lady saw her appropriate s pair.of the most expensive ones. On seeing .herself observed, she dropped her booty, nnd with n familiar nod walked away, saying,— j : ' I'll wait, for you outside.' But ere she reached tho door an assistant, whoHhad wit-' \- nessed the theft, sprang forward arid defined her. . , 6-' After -1 struggle sho.wns brought liack to the counter where Mrs. Dajson, terrified and disgusted, wns still stautfing,, arid' [to U19 horror aud dismay of the young, wife, she heard herself nccuscd as a confederate. Fortunately for her the proprietorf of the emporium was quickly, on the spot; aud by him she was recognised as a frequent cus tomer. Appeased by bis apologies, she would have paid for her purchase nnd ^departed,' but when sho put her hand in her pocket her purse— Alfred's present on her birthday — ' was gone. The polico now made their appearance, the thief was searched, and Mrs.- Dasson's purso found upon her. Satisfied at having regained possession of it, she made another attempt to escape from n scene which she rendered intolerably pain-' ful by the howls and protestations of the prisoner. But her evidence was -required ; she was - the most important i . witness in tho . case, and in spite ;of her ^absolute refusal to prosecute, and extreme re luctance to tako any part in '.the' affair, she was compelled to yield to the requirements of tho law. . i - - ? A cab was. called, nnd nnich apainst her will, Mrs. Dasson was driven tojth'e nearest police-court. It was crowded on that day ; somo local rejoicinjj had , ended ; in a street row ; and so many were the rioters, so con flicting the testimony, that very faint and weary Old the unwilling witness become ere tho shoplifter wns place in the dock. Tho painful ordeal oE giving', evidence against her was over at last, nnd -Mrs; Dasson freo to depart; but- as, with the aid of a policeman, she was edging her way through the throng hanging nbout the doors, a few words reached her that made her heart stand Still. . . .:V - ' The worst aocidunt they've over had on that line,' one man wns saying to another. ' You see it happened just-ns the train was full of city gents going up to their 0 dices. I did hear that there was ton dead and no end of wounded.' ?? ? '? Is it— is it tare ?' gasped Mis. Dasson to tlio policeman who wns piloting her. ' And where did it happen? ' ' Well, yes, mum, I'm afraid it's true enough I A collisston, you know, some whores between— ' and he named tho station from which her husband travelled— ' and the next. Happened about nine-twenty, I reckon.' Oh 1 agony that it was to hear this I— to bo forced to tell hetsclf that if her husband bail gono earlier, ns ho intended, he would have escaped. Sho looked bo ill that the policeman civilly offered to procuro a cab into which ho assisted her, asking .where ho should tell the cabman to drive. ''To tho city,' was the reply. And, accordingly, thither she was taken, trembling, weeping, praying ; now yielding to despair, and feeling convinced that sho should find her husband at soma hospital frightfully maimed ; now hoping ho had cscaped injury ; but always haunted with a dread that ho was amongst tho killed. And thoy had parted in anger 1 Sho should novor bo nblo to express her patience and receivo his pardon. How should she enduro life if he was taken from her, or how forgitc herself if ho wore among those who would linger out n miserable cxistcnco ernshed, crippled ? ?JJut.the cab was at the door of tho ollicc, and a junior clcrk, catching sight of a palo, pretty face at tbo window of the vohiele, officiously rushed out to iintcrview its owner. ? . J- Mr. Dasson? Ilshadn't bqon at the oltlce ?all day. Believed the governor had received a telegram — , \ 'Lela fell back almost prostrated by this coufirmnt-.on oE her fears.; Sfjc contrived to givo, the now compassionate clork her address, and 'bo : bado ; tho cabman -. takes: her to her homo as quickly as pcssiUlaii * ^ ^ ; The dnor (lew open ns sho tutlercd towards it, nnd Mary appeared, he apron at ' ® ma'sm, I'm so thankful you've come 1 the girl sobbed. 11 My poor master 1' ' . She threw open the dining-room door, and there, (its arms flung out on the table, bis head resting on them, sat Alfred Dasson, his hair dishevelled, his boots muddy, bis, clothes drenched with the rain that for the last two -rrri ee *,oa.r8 l''l been falling steadily. Ihe opening of the door aroused bim ; he sprang up, beheld Lela, who flew .- towards 111m, and they were rapturously clasped in ; each other's arms, and Mary closed the door upon them. Then he was safe— unhurt ! Ob, Heaven be thanked 1 But where had he been ? Look ing for her ? Why, what was she to under stand from that ? ., „ ',^r''cn I 1°^ kerc'' ho explained, 'the. first thing I heard of wns the accident that had happened to the train I missed, and someone told me that poor Tompkins — you have often heard me speak of him — was one of the sufferers by it. So I helped to carry . him to the nearest hospital, and then hastened to his wife — she was staying with friends at Richmond — broke tho news as well as I could, and took her to him. While thu3 employed, it struck me that my own wife might hear an exaggerated account of the affair ; so I wired to the city, excusing myself there, and came home to find Mary in great distress. You had gone out, she said, looking like a ghost, and accusing her of having ruined your happiness. You had ' gone away as if you never meant to return, and I have been rushing from place to place ever isince I heard this to find my darling, and entreat her to return to me. I have but just come home, so worn out with fatigue1 and misery that I could hold up no longer.' Lela insisted on deferring her explanations till he had changcd the wet garments in which he was Bhivering. Need we say that they were satisfactory, ? or that the anxious hours spent by both husband and wife taught them that in , wedded life even 'a tiff' should be care fully avoided 1 