'Variora. [By mis Staff.') Gentlemen Footballers, it bohoves you to take heed unto your stuns, and promptly to turn from the error of your ways, or you will wise sucli a storm o£ public dis approbation about your ears as will go far tp upset your, apple- cart. The Association game has been devised specially to avoid f.hp hnrsn nlnvvnn nrn nnnnrnnflv lionh lmnn re-introducing ; and if you continue, the game will first of all be denounced, and then suppressed by the force of public opinion. Already you have contrived to get to the denunciatory stage, vide the protests against rough play which have recently appeared in the Telegraph, and the recrimination it has evoked. It is not a question o£ whose fault, because the evil is not confined to a single club or a single match. The special case referred to was that of the Union and City Second ; but on the same afternoon the horee play was equally noticeable in the senior match played on the Association Ground. In fact, so apparent did it become that at half time two prominent members of the Association interviewed the umpire, aud caused it to be checked in the second half. It's a good game if you play it fairly, but if you cause it to degenerate into an exhibition of bru tality, a disgusted public will simply stop it. If the Association: would make ft few Bevere examples by 'serving it out' to those who 'serve it out' to others, the matter might be r«m«died. **? There is a brainless idiot about Beacons field who has evidently devoted himself to studying the exploits of the Cock-lane Ghost, Spring-heeled Jack, and other worthies of that class, and has been seized with an insane desire to emulate their illustrious achievements. In pursuance of this laudable ambition', he has done his best to permanently derange the nervous system of many timorous women, and to drive a number of children into drivelling idiocy. A Telegraph correspondent writing on the matter, significantly informs this dangerous combination of miscreant and madman that ' public sentiment is against him.' That is an admirable way of putting it, if the one to whom it applies has sufficient sense to read between the,lines) During the reign ;of tlie Most rfigii and Mighty Prince James Hex Brit. Fid. De/., and talented author of taat super-emmentiy oruuanc treatise on Deo'monology, public sentiment was de cidedly against witches, and it found ex pression in dragging them through horse ponds, drilling holes in them with brad awls, whipping them, roasting them alive, and in otherwise adopting gentle corrective means to convince them of their folly. The Beaconsfleld night-haunter affects the stereotyped winding-sheet covering, and it might, perhaps, be awkward for him to find that tender hands had suddenly sub stituted a suit of tar and feathers, and that a public company had taken a contract first to whip him at the cart tail through the township, and then to ride him on a rail out of tho district. Such a breach of good manners would, of course, be ab solutely inexcusable ; and it is merely suggested as tho course which, in the event of their catching the ghost, the Beacons fielders must be ever so careful not to adopt. * * The Australasian has discovered that what it terms a ' great bobbery ' has been kicked up in Tasmania.because the Governor, the Chief Justice (who acts as administra tor when the Governor is absent) and the Slinistry, all but one, left the colony, and there was no one to 'run the show' in the event «f the Victorians kidnapping the members of the duly accredited com pany. It is only fair to say that the Aus tralasian, startled by its own. use of an expression of such doubtful etymology as 'bobbery,' cautiously adds— 'We believe that is the correct word.' Well, this all depends upon the idea to be conveyed ; but so far as the fact is concerned, it is very far from the correct word, as the subject was only ? i:_nfi nn/1 «-?» ' hnhhortr ' wnfl (* Icifikfi,! up.' The vivid picture drawn of the troubled people who were ' running about Hobart looking for a temporary queen bee,' is creditable to the imaginativefaculty of the Australasian scribe, but is utterly subver sive of tUe old saw ex ni/iilo nihil fit, since out of nothing tho literary artist of our big Victorian brother has made a half column leaderette. I3ut apparently there is going to be a big bobbery kicked up, not to retain, but to get rid of Governor, Ad ministrator, Ministers, Chief Justice, and the whole cumbrous paraphernalia of a separate establishment, and, by joining hands with Victoria, work the business on lines at once more economic and more ad vantageous. It. won't bo done in a day, nor a year; and it won't be done at all, if those who have hitherto enjoyed an exclu sive right to the first- fruits andfatlings; tlie largest', share of the' remainder and a perpetual lien on all the high places, can prevent it. They have a knack in Victoria of making land pay its fair share of taxa tion, and protecting the worker, so as to give him a chance in the race, and this will not suit those who have hitherto secured for themselves all the big handicaps. The postman is generally regarded as the walking directory of his district, and the telegraph messenger is supposed to stand next in order, Tn London -they bonst about being able to ferret out anyone whose name and address is ever so indistinctly indicatud, and truly their recorded per formances in this respect are sufficiently surprising. A Melbourne postman is tolerably persevering, but the Ilobnrt telegraph runner must be able to give all other competitors a distance and win hands down. Some few days ago a message was sent from Xaunceston to a Hobort business man giving his name in full, liis trade, and the street in which his shop is situated. Some hours after the sender received the following communi cation from the local office : — '.Hobart advises your telegram addressed to ? , ? , watchmaker, Argyle-street, is un delivered. He is unknown there, and the messenger cannot find him.' Now the point of the matter is, that the person who could not be found was born in Hobarti has been 25 years in business, runs two different places of business, can boast of four brothers in the city, and is as well known as the parish priest — to all but the ceiegrapn messenger, jveuenwy tno juiyermi Government paid a large sum of money for an invention called the position finder. This is an expenditure the Tasmanian Government need never incur while it retains so smart an officer in its service. ' £1 a ton for cash,' says the Mercury; ergo, a ton of cosh for, a Jubilee effigy. ' Here you are, mister, take all yer got.' ;* £1 a ton for cash'— it makes-one perspire freely, even in this icy atmosphere, to think of it. Perhaps it refers to 'Best Mount. Nicholas Coal.' Bless me, what a pitch the art of advertising has attained. It beats ' Terrible slaughter of Mexicans,' brown holland, 4d a. yard ; ' Serious colli sion, and loss of life,' damaged calico, lid ; ' Great advance in the price of Tin,' tin tacks Id per box. There is nothing like being convinced in a substantial way. On Wednesday last, Belinda, a popular domestic at one of our best-known hostelries, thought she smelt a smell as she was going her ordinary morn ing rounds, and traced the odour of gas to a small apartment set aside for' private use. On opening the door, as the Yanke said of Naples, ' the rstench was awful,' and Belinda, fearing; there- was. a serious i escape of this combustible, called Mr de Unnt.o. wlin. to solvfi the miestion. struck a match. When he was sorted from the( splinters of the door and about three panes of glass .picked out of him in pieces; of various sizes, he said thero was. ' *% The daiger of cigarette smoking is a question which has arrested the attention of some of the best medical authoritiesin England, and has led to some admirably written articles on the subject. In tho colonies this effeminate habit has taken groat strides, especially among the juvenile classes, who are silly enough to imagine ft curl of smoke lends a status to their pre sence. A gentleman, who has noted this, speaks with much logic when he says: — ' Scarcely less injurious, in a subtle and generally unrecognised way, than the habit of taking ' nips ' of alcohal between meals, is the growingpracticeof smoking cigarettes incessantly. We have not a word so say against smoking at suitable times and in moderation, nor do our remarks at tins moment apply to the use of cigars or pipes. It is against the habit of smoking ciga rettes in largo quantities, with the belief that1 theso miniature doses of nicotine are innocuous, that we desire to enter a pro test. The truth is that, perhaps owing to the way the tobaeco-leaf is shredded, coupled with the fact that it is brought into more direct relation with the mouth and air passages than when it is smoked in a pipe or cigar, the effects produced on the nervous system by a free consumption of cigarettes are more marked and character istic than those recognisable after recourse to other modes of smoking. A pulse tracing made after the subject has smoked say a dozen cigarettes will, as a rule, be flatter and more indicative of depression than one taken after the smoking of cigars. It is no uncommon practice for young men who smoke cigarettes habitually to con sume from eight to twelve an hour, and to keep this up for four or five hours daily. The total quantity of tobacco used may not seem large, but beyond question tho volume of smoke to which the breath organs of the smoker are exposed, and the characteristics of that smoke as regards the proportion of nicotine introduced into the system, combine to place the organism very fully under tho iiilluence of the tobacco. A considerable number of cases have beeu brought under our notice during tho last few months, in which youths and young men who have not yet completed the full term of physical development have lxid their health seriously impaired by. ?the practice of almost incessantly smoking cigarettes.' -? ., Tho man who labors under the impression that the funny man on a newspaper can churn his jokes as easily as shelling peas, is about as far from tho truth as we are from getting a clean wash in the Corpora tion baths. This is what Harper says : Who is that man who sits and bites His pen with aspect solomn ? He is the funny man who writes The weekly comic column. By day he scarce can keep awake ; At night he cannot rest, His meals ho hardly dares to take — He jests, he can't digest. His hair, though not with years, is white, His cheek is wan and pale, And all with seeking day and night For jokes that are not stale. His joys are few ; tho chiefest one Is when l»y luck a word Suggests to him a novel pun Ilis readers haven't heard. And when a Yankee joke he sees In some old book — well, then Perhaps he gains a moment's ease, And makes it do again. The thought that chiefly makes him sigh Is that a time must come When jokes extinct like mammoths lie, And jokers must be dumb. When every quip to death is done, And every crank is told ; When men have printed every pun, And every joke is old. When nought in heaven or earth or sen Has not been turned to chaff, And not a single oddity Is loft to make us laugh. | 