OBQAS: OR; TBE TRIALS; OF HRISTIANITY SIXTEEN HUNDRED YEARS AGO. A 8T0BT OP PRIMITIVE CHRISTIAXITT. BY NATHAN BEN NATHAN, AN fiSSKNEAN.; (AUTHOR OF " ARIOS 'THE LIBIAK.") CHAPTER XVI.—IN WHICH EUSEBIDS OFFER- ETH THE SWADDMNG-BANDB ONTO-TBS CHURCH. Continued. ' - To him Epapliras thus replied : " Brethren, I marvel greatly (bat any Christian bishop should even speak to you of earthly honor, wealth, power and glory; and marvel more that he should advise you to follow after all these things, for which, indeed, the heathen seek. Will some one tell me what business we Christians have with any honor 7 except that of the Lord?- With any wealth' except the unsearchable riches of Christ ? With any * power' except the power of the Holy Ghost ? With any * glory ' except t6 glory in the cross of Jesus Christ our Lord, by which we are crucified unto the world and the world unto us ? They propose an ' alliance' between the church, the bride of Jesus, and the Roman Empire. Let us consider what is involved in this proposed blending of light and darkness ; this concord between Belial and Christ! " So far as spiritual truth is concerned,. we must blend the faith of Christ with that of pagan Rome—a thing impossible for Christian men to do—or Constantine must subvert the whole vast machinery of heathen law and religion, and I ask you to consider whether that is possible for him. " So far as the sociology and politics of the kingdom of Heaven is concerned, either the church must abandon the gospel of Christ and be conformed unto the world, or else the Romans must subvert the empire before any such alliance can be possible ! Unjust wars, prosecuted for gain and conquest through the four quarters of the world, are the chief glory of Rome, embodied in her laws and customs, in her traditions and religion. But ye all do know that our Lord Jesus Christ had forbidden Christians to bear arms at all, and ye know that from the sorrowful night in which Peter smote the high-priest's servant and cut off an ear, for which our Lord rebuked him, no Christian, and no body of Christians, hath ever lifted up a carnal weapon, even in selfdefence. How can these antagonistic principles of action unite? W»H the empire abolish war ? or can the church consent to see her redeemed sons enrolled among the butchers and 6tabbers, paid and trained to murder other men for whpm also oar Saviour died ? " Ye know also that the greater part of the people of the empire and of Italy, and of Rome especially, are slaves, and that the slave-code is rooted in the laws, customs, traditions, and religion of the empire. But ye also know that Jesus teaches the inevitable personal responsibility of every man—a responsibility based as much npon rights for man as npon duties—a truth which is, logically and spiritually, the antithesis of' that enslaved condition in which our Lord's advent found the human race ; ye know that under the power of the Holy Ghost slavery hath faded just in the ratio that the church hath triumphed* because Jesus promised that the truth should make as free, and the liberty of the gospel is a charter of freedom to the slave. How can there be concord or alliance between this gospel and the Roman slave-code? Dare ye to sfefcl with the precious blood of your crucified Redeemer a compact giving the sanction of His church to human slavery ? Or think ye that the ruling classes of the empire will voluntarily abolish this inhuman wrong, and of their own accord surrender the profit which they have by the ownership of men, and the convienience and consideration they derive therefrom 1 " Ye know that the laws, customs and religion of the empire are founded upon this false and cruel social and political distinctions which grow, like poison-weeds, out of accidents of rank, prerogative, and wealth ! These are the redl gods of the idolators, these the rewards which Mam' mon offers to his votaries ! But ye also know that our Lord Jesus required all such distinctions to be abolished among all those who believe; that they may be brethren, that they may call no man master, since one is their master, even Christ, and, therefore, to hold all property by a communal title, and not by any individual right or claim. Ye fcuow that when some, through want of faith, endeavoured to gain admission into the church, and at the same time to evade the binding obligation of that fundamental law of the kingdom which required them to put their private wealth into the common fund,.Peter declared that their crime was an attempt to deceive the Holy Ghost and to defraud the church, and the wrath of God'fell on them so that they died ; and ye know that all the countless idols of the'heathen bur Lord denounces by one name—Mammon,, rtd worship whom is only to adopt social and .political systems which recognize and maintain individual right to acquire, hold and transmit; property, thereby making all.pagan governments inure to , the benefit of the few and to the oppression of the many, and rendering trae liberty and religion impossible for the masses of mankind, flow ipaA there he alliance between Christ's common phorch and the RomanEmpire? Think ye that unconverted: men will transfer their-riches to the church, and consecrate unrighteoHS mammon to the good of all, in order to gain admittance thereto ? Verily a camel §hatt sooner pass through*a needle's eye ! Or, will ye dare with sacrcligiotis hands to seal a compact binding the church to give her sanction to property-laws, directly antagonistic to the fundamental law of the church—laws that practically make riehes God ? If ye.shall induce the church of Christ to adopt and endorse the social, political and religions system of Rome, that is simply to abandon Jesus, and there are many who will refuse, at any hazard, to follow yon one step J If ye shall induce the church to make a covenant with Constantine that he will shove" pagan gods aside, and substitute for them a secularized church, bearing the same relation to the empire that paganism now sustains, that is only to set up the Anti-Christ; and Con9tantine is he J " Moreover, brethren, ye all know that to abandon communism of believers is to surrender, also, the thaumattorgical powers which are appurtenant to the common church only, and can only be exercised for the common good of all Christians ; and the ecclesiasticism which ye shall have substituted for the gospel will be a human institution that must be perpetuated by only human agencies or fail; because when ye accepi this allowance ye abandon all of the gospel except the single spirital truth of justification by faith, which truth alone may save some souls of men, but never can convert mankind. " I, therefore, counsel that we at once decree that the church cannot make any alliance with any temporal government without abandoning the gospel of Ohrist, acd that this we will not do preferring rather, if need be, the sword, the fagots, and the cross, as from the beginning our fathers have always done." Then a clamor arose, many crying oat: " It is enough !" " Take a vote!" " We will die for Christ, but will not betray him I" "It is too much to pay for peace." And Eusebius, well seeing that if a vote was taken then, the proposition of Epapliras would prevail by the common consent, arose, and with his wonderfully persuasive voice and manner, spoke as follows : " Brethren, if, indeed, the acceptance of the emperor's proposal should involve any such consequences as have been urged by the most pious and learned Epaphras, I freely admit that we ought at once to reject it. But if we be agreed that we cannot accept this proposition, ye all see that there can be no need to affront the haughty and powerful Constantine by roogh and precipitate action. On the contrary, as far as in us lies, we should endeavour to live peace- ably with all men. I therefore counsel that the matters be not finally determined at this time, but rather that we leave it undetermined (which, indeed, seemeth sufficient to accomplish all that the excellent Epaphras desireth), and that in the meantime we take proper steps both to furnish the emperor with the information which he has very kindly and courteously desired, and also to learn with preciseness just what he would require of the; church, and that we carefully consider h0w, and to what extent,that which he may really desire can'effect the spread of gospel truth. And. I counsel this all the more earnestly, brethren, because I have both seen and conversed with the man Constantine, and believe that he is intellectually a greater man than any other Roman. He is most temperate, studious and chaste. He is very favourably inclined to our holy faith, acd we should not quench the smoking flax. Let us, therefore, delay ; and if we should find it proper to reject all overtures that may be made, let us so act as that the emperor may perceive our refusal to. be -of conscience only, and not of pride, hatred or uncharitableness. For I yet hope to see this emperor a Christian." Then, cried out Epaphras in a loud voice: " Thou knowest that no emperor can be a Christian; for a Christian must be the brother, not the legal master, of other Christians. The church can recognise no king bnt Christ 1" But, nevertheless, the moderate oonnsel of Eusebius prevailed, and Christ--suffered again from the Unchristian spirit of compromise which made the Procurator Pontius Pilate seek to wash his own hands clean of the innocent blood ! And so the bishop was instructed to send an embassy to Constantine, with accurate information of the numerical strength and other resources of the church; and to learn with exactness what blight be those conditions on which a heathen emperor would take under his protection the church of the living God. (To be continued.) Exeter Hall was crowded with an audience in full sympathy with the Home and Foreign Mission work carried on by Mr. and Urs. H. Gratton Guinness at the £ast London Institute, Bow-road. One special feature of interest arose from the fact that Miss Geraldine Guinness, their eldest daughter, was one of the band of eleven missionaries present who are leaving for foreign shores. She sails per the Eaisir-i-Hind for Shanghai as an associate of : the China Inland Mission. Mr. Francisco Castello, a Spanish^student, goes to the ^hillippine Islands as an agent of the Bible Society, Mr. G. Irvine accompanies him to Singapore; Mr. G, Smit^i proceeds to Sonth America, Mr; I). D. Munro to Ontario, Mr. A. Lewis ahd Mr. T. Morice io Minnesota, jU5r, W. Smith to tbe^estemiStates; Mddle. Paliinet, a ,]F«nch lady, returns to her, work in the South of Prance, M iss dessie Monro departs for Paris, and jlliss BaitdforFesnambaco. 