FICTION. \--O: From English, A merl cr» ii, find other Periodical!. The Usurped Inheritance. CHAPTER XIX. rnEPARINQ FOR A DESPERATE STRUGGLE. Malcolm was slowly adding fact to fact to prepare him for the confirmation of his doubts, which was soon to come to him in the most unexpected manner. Samson came in at this crisis, looking much as usual, and quietly said : " I hope you will pardon me, my friend, for giving way to my temper, as I did just now. It's a hard thing for a man at my age to find himself a floating member of society with nothing certain to look forward to. I've served Malone well, in moro cap- acities than one, as my friend here knows, and got into trouble more tlian once on his account, so it's no wonder that I feel hard toward him. That's my excuse, and I think it's a good one." , The priest bowed, and Malcolm said : i " You need no excuse to me. I know that you have been more 'sinned against than sinning' .< yourself, and if you will nccept the employment I can offer, I will prove to you that I have confidence - both in your ability and integrity." t Samson wrung his hand with sudden vehemence, \ and precipitately left the room again. í Samson had indeed suffered at the hands of tho . unscrupulous man who had lured him into evil, î and had then left him the burden to bear. Malone t had been the head of a gang of counterfeiters who had many secret fastnesses in the mountains of Georgia. This was the discovery made by Malcolm ¡ when the death of Aiken, in the absence of his Í partner, threw his papers into the young lawyer's f hands. i These two men. thrnnerli «Wlloil an-on+c v,o¿ ...... i cavern among the hills where Malone was to meet i him alone, he found him struck down by sudden ' illness. i Disguise, so far as he was concerned, was at an end, and Samson was amazed to find as the chief of this outlawed band a man in so prominent a position I as that held by Malone. \J ...-.. .... .»,.,.»...., ~.v. ...a secret,v and, as his reward, was received into the Aiken» household, that a constant watch might be kept? ; over him. Suspicion at length fell on him in some j way, and he was arrested a3 the disseminator of ¡ false money. The trial would have gone badly for him had not Malcolm at that juncture become the temporary guardian of Aiken's estate, and discovered such evidence as implicated the dead man more deeply ? than the one in prison. He was, at the time, dis- trict attorney, and ho used his power as such to save the reputation of the man who had educated and' advanced him in life, by failing to make too strict an examination into the case, and Samson was allowed to escape the punishment he merited. He had betrayed nothing, and as a reward for his fidelity, Malone took him to Undercliff, and estab- lished him there as manager of the place. Ho was too strict to be popular among the negroes, and the one in his house was a spy upon him, who listened to and repeated to her master all that passed within her hearing. When Malone left the over- seer's cottage that morning Rhoda stopped him as he was passing the garden in which she was gather- ing vegetables, and repeated to him what had lately passed between Samson and his guest. Believing himself too secure in his present posi- tion to be'injured by anything Samson could say, his determination was at once taken to dismiss the overseer without ceremony, and leave him to discover why he had acted so promptly. Father Jerome left with the understanding that he was to meet Malcolm in a gorge at the foot of the hills and conduct him to the Hermitage before nightfall ; and Samson went out co attend to the last duties he expected to devolve on him as manager of the people on the place, who, he felt with bitterness, would be glad to have him go, though, in many respects, he had improved their condition. Malcolm wrote a brief note to Malone, refusing to accept the accounts rendered him of the ex- penditures on Georgia's estate. He intimated that he was on the wing from the valley, and would soon seek evidence on the plantation itself as to what had been done there to impoverish the heiress to the extent Malone represented. " I shall leave Mr. Samson's house at five o'clock," he wrote, leaving Malone to infer that he had gone to the station in time to meet the train which would take him on his way to Georgia. To con- firm this belief, a brief message of farewell was sent to Hugh and the young ladies, and Georgia was to be told that he would write to her as soon as arrangements could be made for her removal. Having thus, as ho thought, provided for his in- cognito among the hills, Malcolm prepared to leave with his host. His valise had been sent down that morning, and when the horses were brought to the door he was quite read to mount and seek his new lodging. They rode briskly forward till the squads of negroes comiug in from their various tasks were left behind, and when a curve in the road shut them out from the plantation, Malcolm began to speak confidentially to his companion. " You can go back to tho old place, Samson, and no one will think of bunging up against yotjT charges that were not proven. You are in a posil tion no w to li ve themdown, and make a new departure ii life. I am ceilain that I can trust you, and you . I cm Le of immense service to me by making the in- vestigations I have spoken of to yon. I begin to lelieve Malone capable of any baseness, and to- gether wo can follow him up through all his wind ügs till, I ardently hope, the young girl he claims ts hi« daughter may be proved the lawful heireaâ '<f Undercliff." "It wouldn't surprise me in the least, Mr. Mal .olm, and I've takon au oath to myself to make 3ob Malone sorry for what he's done to-day. I was oyal to him. I never gave a hint to anyone that ie and Aiken were banded with those counter biters, though I could so easily have ruined them loth. And this is my reward." " Why should you care for it so much ? You aid this morning that you thought of leaving .ourself." " Aye j but to bo sent adrift without a word of xplanation is quito another thing. I wonder the ellow wasn't afraid to try my temper so far. But 'li pay him «mt for it yet. I'll be even with bim, f I die for it. " The only way to accomplish that is to do as I cish. You know a great deal of Malone'6 life in he last twenty years. Find out where that first narnage took place, where hiB daughter was bom, ind also seek evidence of the death of Tom Malooe'a :hild. As there is a heaven above us, I believe ,hat the girl whose hand he has refused me so ¡avalicrly is that child. The conviction has come lowly to me, but it is a conviction, and I am going o act on it." Samson gloomily said : " I'll do my best ; but he's covered up his tracks, .ou may bo sure, and it'll be hard to follow in the fake of such an old fox as he is, It'll take mc some nne to do that job, and when it is finished I'll , hink of your proposal to go back to Georgia and Dok after the Aitken place. I led a jolly life there nee, for the old sinner that cheated your father iut of it wasn't bad company. I always liked him letter than his partner." " You may or_maV-Tint foin r,~n+liin<T hu tmñnrr . iv- * - f"V»/CAUOr yUtOU UV, JAC4.1A *-L*w«"-.. j The road wound upward, «ad the two he left Imovcd with lithe and vigorous stops over the rough EaCe°f the Pathway thmsh whioh the P»iest some,hol8i!la shorter'route."11« said, «and from some ot i.T r-^ ïa/i5)U(tt>Aloi^_.-_~ place you have just left. I «sve at home a fine ^lass through which I can took over at Undercliff, lind almost recognize familiir faces on the lawn in front of the house. If there ¡b any ona there in whom you take especial intcroät, you may caro to look through it to-morrow." " Indeed I shall be glad to do so, for there are several thero I should not only be glad to look for, but to speak with, if possible. I will be frank with you, father, and tell you that I linger here in the hope that I shall find an opportunity to have a few moments' conversation with Miss Malone. It was on her account that I was so discourteously treated ; but I must see her once at least before I go away." The priest shook his head, "Better leave her alone j no good evor came yet of a man pursuing a iroman against the will of her family. Robert Malone is. the last man in the world to allow his daughter to have her own way if it is opposed to his ; and he broadly hinted to me this morning that a marriage between his daughter and nephew would soon take place. I must say, thongh, that neither of them looked very happy in its prospect. The young lady was pale as a ghost, and Hugh, I believe his name is, seemed to me like a man on whom some crushing blow had lately fallen. I never saff a sadder face than his." " And Georgia Aiken-how did she look ? If Hugh is wretched, she is the cause." ** Miss Aiken was the only one of the party who appeared to be in good spirits. She seemed to take a vivid interest in all that was going on, and she kissed both bride and groom when she offered her congratuations." " Kissed Malone ! Oh, the Judas ! How could she do such a, thing as that before Hugh, when it is Malone who stands between them, and will seperate them if he can ?" " It is a pity if, as your words imply, these two young people love each other, for ho will separate them I fully believe." " Hugh is desperately enamoured. As to Georgia, I cannot express my positive opinion. She is fickle as the wind, and thinks more of her own interests than of anything else, Poor Hugh ! I pity him with all my heart," The path curved suddenly here, and the broad valley lay beneath their feet with Undercliff in tho distance, looming up grandly against its rocky background. They paused at several points to admire the scenery, but finally came in sight of the Hermitage just as the sun was setting. It was a rustic cot- tage covered with moss and climbing vines, which Btood in a cleft between two hills ; but its most attractive feature to Malcolm was that it almost overlooked the stately mansion in which Viola dwelt ; and through the transparent atmosphere of this summer evening it did not seem to be more than half a mile distant, though by the road it was fully two. (To le continued.) Cigarettes (Something New).-Dixson's No. 1 Cigarettes (choicest Tolaccos, equal to lest im- ported), Early Bird (second quality), all made by the only perfect Cigarette machinery known, same i 