HRRR PAUIUS : HIS RISE, JfZS GREATNESS AND HIS FALL. NOW FIRST PUBLISHED.) | BY WALTER BESANT, I At'Tnon or. " All Soiits and Conditions or I . Men," &O.;, &c.; I Tub Rtou'i' ov Translation is Reserved. | BOOK THE THIRD. Chapter VI. — The Third Blow. In tho silent watches of .tho night tho words of Sir Purcival camo bock to tho unfortunate Paul. Tlioy were shouted into his car. " A Medium's Cad." To be called a Cad of any kind, even in the Eton boys' sense — that all jicrsons who aro not old or prosont members of that seminary aro Cads — is humiliating. It seems as if no one who is really a Cad — say a "Gym" Cad, or a Bucket Court Cad, or an Omnibus Cad, or a Tout ing Cad — could ever bo tible to hold up his head. - But to be a Medium's Cad! Is it possible to doscetid much lower? When one actually is a Medium it is certainly best to magnify tbe olfico, and bo Medium tho Magnificent. Paul had been such a Medium- he had retired ; tho post had already lost its imaginary splendor, and to bo called a Medium's Cad I All- his own doing — his own officious de sire to provo his power — it was nono other than himself who had brought this blow. Why had ho over assisted in the res toration of this man to his sister? Why, when ho found and proved tho mannor of tho man, had ho not left him alone ? He cursed his own shortsighted meddling — he rolled about in his bed a prey to tho most poignant reproaches and tho vainest regrets. Because, whatever had been said by Sibyl in her newly-born kindness, everybody know now that he had beou a Medium's Cnd. Ho might, of course, dress up the situation,- but there was the plain statement, and they all knew it to be true. When a man stalks about solemnly, wrapped in a cloak of Authority, puts forward claims to supernatural' power, aud to wisdom derived from other sources than those accessible to the ordinary student, he is raised above their gibes, even those of such .a fanatic as Sir Pcrcival. These things may be said behind his back ; they generally are said of every person who has riBon above- his fellows. But Paul was now no moro than an ordinary man ; worse off than most, because his past history was a load upon his shoulders which made him sturablo and stagger — every stumble a fresh disgrace, and cTcry fall a new humiliation. More humiliations wore to follow. Next morning, for instance, he was con fronted by a house maid, her face tied up with a handkerchief. Bcsido her and behind her were other maids, anxious to witness a miracle of hcaliDg. ' " Oh ! sir," she cried. <' I've got tho tooth- I ache dreadful.", I Ho turned pale. Twico already he liad cured t this damsel, in Loth cases, assuaging the pain I so that minutes afterwards she tripped it I merrily, and would havo sung as she tripped it I but for fear of Lady Augusta. Now he could I do nothing. I "You've cured mo twice, sir;" sho said. " Oh ! please sir, it's worse than either of the times before." " I — ! can't cure yon any more, my good girl;". Paul replied, looking foolish. . "'l'in vory sorry. Bnt I'm really unable to cure you." "Oh! sir, it won't take a minute for you. It's nothing for yon to do. La3t time you only looked at me and it was gone." " I can't — 1 have forgotten tho way — I mean, I can't, do it. . Goto the dentist and have it out. I shall never ho able to cure anybody again." Ho fled, leaving the afflicted one over whelmed with disappointment. What had sho done that ho would not heal her as before ? What did he mean by saying that ho could not cure anybody any moro ? . But Paul was humiliated. It was a small thing, but up to this day' the' servants find regarded him with the awe and wonder which be long to him who worksmiraclcs. - .Now he would work no more miracles ; he was no better than an ordinary visitor. It-is sad' indeed to take the lower place. ' ' This was before breakfast. After that meal, was it fancy, or was Lady Augusta distinctly colder ia her manner ? He proposed to go out and spend tho day somewhere. At the door he encountered Emanuel Chick. The worthy creature was in a rage ; he was in one of those rages which are called blind. Now, in a blind rage a man does not heed his speech. He says what comes uppermost. " Oh !" — Emanuel Chick roared this inter- 1 jeetion. "Oh! It's you, is it ? And it is all your doing 1 You made up your mind from tho I beginning that I was to be shoved out of the I way. Oh! yes, the old friends wore to be I shoved out of tho way to make room for you. I Aud, if need be, we were to bo ruined. Now. Mr. Paul, or Herr Paulus, whatever you please I to coll yourself, I'm going to see Mr. Brudenol, I and you will como along with me— or I'll drag I you nloug." I " Mr. Brudenol, I daresay, is in his study. I You will find him there. I will go along, Air. I Chick, without any compulsion." IIo was curious to learn' what Mr. Chick wanted to say, and followed him into the study. Ho observed, as the medium wont before, that ho walked with bead dowu, swing ing his shoulders and squaring his elbows, as one who is resolved ou sometbiug desperate. 1 Mr. Brudcuel was not alone. Sibyl and ! Tom were with him, and they were conversing < cheerfully about dances, weddings,' festivities and such things long forgotten in this House of Silence. "What is it, Chick?" asked Mr. Brudenol impatiently. The study was not a place where be was accustomed to interruption. " What do yon waut ? What does ho want, Paul ?" " I'll tell "you, sir. in one moment. Give rae a minute; I've run all tho way. I've been out of town. On business, and most beautiful manifestations were the result. . Aud on my return I learned tho dreadful news." " What is it, then ?" "I am ruined, Mr. Brudonel. That's all. Ruined is tho word. And through you. Oh ! Nothing hut that. Ruin and wreck. And through you. No doubt to oblige (his young smooth spoken villain who came from America or somewhere to delude and cheat you out of your money — smooth spoken as he is. Yah 1" " You ruined ! Through me !" " I had two thousand pounds saved. After a hard life — nobody knows better tbau you — I'd managed to scrape together two thousand pounds. I was goiog to retire from business. Thiuk, eir, what it was to me when every young bantam cock who could play a set of new faugled tricks was preferred to the steady honest old medium — and low I've lost it all. " " Good Heavens !" said Mr. Brudonel. " Yon don't mean to tell me that you had shares in the company, too ?" "Why — didn't you advise me? Didn't I act on your advice only five weeks ago ? I have your very letter! I've got it in my pocket." Liko Mr. Athclstan Kilburn, Chick pro duced a letter. " Here is your Jotter, Sir. I've kept it, fortunately. Now, Sir, I don't think you will deny that this is your own handwriting. And the very day after you wrote it — I heard from a young gentleman in tho city — tho very day after you wrote thiS letter, your own shares, all your own shares were sold. Oh 1 ho knows it' for a fact. So that while you were actually writing tho Jot ter yon knew that the company was going to bust up, and you were going to save yourself. Oh ! Mr. Brudenel, to think of the many many times that we've sat arouud tho table in a circle while tho blossed spinets scut us their messages, and the spirrut music played, and our hearts were warmed ! After all these mani festations that you — you — above all men, a gentleman and all, should play us such a turnl" . Mr. Brudcndcl said nothing. "1 will read your letter," the man went ou. " PorhapB tho hearing of it will refresh your memory as to the writing of it. " " ' Dear Chick. " Dear Chick. ' lu tho friondlinoss of it— who would have suspected? " "If, as you say, you aro dissatisiiod with tho safety of your mortgage and have called up your tnonev, I am sure you cannot do better than buy shares if you cau get them, in my old Compuuy — Brudouol and Company. Tho shares have been going up steadily, over since tho Company was started, and even at the present prices I boliove you cuu get a trifle over five per cent. Any stock broker will find out for. you if there are shares in the market. "Yours faithfully, Cyrus Biicdenel." " This is truly terrible," Mr. Brundcnel cried, looking at the letter and tho date. "Yes," it is quite unaccountable — quite. I remember it now — and the lettor to Athelstan Kilburn in the aftoruoon before dinner. And on tho samo day, tho very Bamo day, I wroto I the letters which I do not remember, for the selling out of tho shores. It is truly wonder ful. No — Chick, I've no explanation to offer. I have nothing to say." Ho sat down, aud rapped his knuckles with his eyeglasses. " That is, I havo on explanation," he added, "hnt you would not accept it." It was by some inscrutable working of in stinct that Mr. Brudcael arrived at this know ledge. Mr. Emanuel Chick would certainly not accept tbe explanation offered to Mr. Kil- I burn. No one, in fact, is more stubbornly incredulous concerning supernatural forces — 1 other tbau his own — than tho ordinary medinm I of commerce. You might as well look for I b'olief in magic from a conjuror. He believes nothing; he has no kiud of feeling, for I instance, as regards ghosts ; ho would set up I his tent calmly in the most ancient and lonely I churchyard ; he would wrap himself in u I blanket, and go to sleep in a charncd house I with a lighted candle stuck in a skull, and I hundreds of skulls griuuiug at him, ' miles I away from any other human creature, without I tho slightest tremor of his nerves. To toll I Emanuel Chick that his old patron had been I made to write that, or any other letter, by tho I spirits would have been an insult to his under- I standing. I " Well, sir," said the man roughly, " what I are you going to do for me ? You have ruined me. That you can't deny. Yon sold out your own shares while you recommended mo to put iu my money. That you cau't, deny. 1 And me, grown old in your service, though I you've left off employing me now, what, aro I you going to do for me ?" I "I don't know." Tho justice of . the claim I was not to bo disputed, nor tho uccuracy I of the statements. "I don't know, Chick. I I can't any. I will think. Go away, now." I The man mado 110 si?n of rroinn awav. " I haven't got tho money," he said, sullenly, " for tho quarter's rout, which is seven ponnds five. I owe for a ton and a half of coal, which is thirty-fivo shillings. I've got no engage ments ; business is terribly 6lack. And yoa'ro ruined me." Mr. Brudenel sighed and took a cheque book from his drawer. "Here," lie said, take this cheque. It will serve you for the present " Two thousand pounds, at 4 per cent Mr. Chick replied, looking at the cheque, " is £80 a year. .This is the first quarter. I will call again, Mr. Brudenel. Yon and- me have been very friendly, and a lawyer between us .would break friendship, as one may say. Good morn ing, sir." On this occasion no one looked at Paul. When the message of tho bank book revealed tho sequestration of the money, everybody iooked at him. Now everyone looked away from him. It was as if a look would have been construed into a reproach. ' " If ouo man saves his money, another man must lose it," said Tom. ' " We have saved £35,000, therefore other people have lost exactly that same amount. Mr. Athelstan Kilburn has lost, it appears, £8000, and Chick £2000, by our action. ' and, pur advice. It seems to me, sir, that reparation, will hnvc .to be made to. Chick, at any rate,." . Mr. Brudenel shook his head sorrowfully. Why, when the Spirits made rhim sell those, shares, did they not also prevent the writing of those letters ? It was true that his feet stood at last upon the Solid Rock, but still . . . I there was. a sense of incompleteness. Paul I offered no explanation/but he looked unhappy. I At this moment a card was brought to Mr. Brudenel. ' I "Gentleman says he won't take a minute, I sir. ' Wants to see you aud Herr Paulus together." ' It was, Mr. James Berry who followed on the heels of tho man and stood at the open door, hat in hand, bowing pleasantly. " Berry !" cried Mr. Brudenel. "Hero is auothcr of them ! Aro you hero to say that you are ruined, too ? " " No, sir, no. It is only this morning that I learned, to my great joy, that you had been advised to sell out of the Company in time. No doubt it was this samo advisor — my benefactor — who saved mo .from ruin" — he waved his hat gracefully in the direction of Paul — "Herr Puulus. And I came round, sir, to thauk him— in your presence, Mr. Brndenel, sir." " 1 don't quito understand, Berry." "I'd been in your service, sir, your father's service and yours, and ia the servico of tho Company for 50 years. If anybody except the Spirits had told me that the Compuny would fail I should have laughed iu his face. But I've always been accus tomed to ask tho Spirits, through Mrs, Med- lock, and when I was warned day After day by a man who ought to have kuown, being in tbo general manager's own office, and when I could get no satisfaction at all from the Spirits, hut entire silence or silliness — as nobody knows better than you, sir, will happen at times — I grow fidgetty first, aud frightened next. And Laviuin, who is truthfulness itself, confessed that she could do no more, but offered to give my enso to Herr Paulus." | " How loug ago ?" " Some weeks ago." This was two weeks before Mr. Brudcnol's salo was effected. "Aud ' I wrote my case, and gave it to Luvinia. And j uoxt day I got my orders. . I was commanded to sell at once. " ' "Did you," asked Tom, "tell Here. Paulus tho name of the Company ?" , "I did not, sir. It wohld have seemed black treachery in me to hint in a lettor that I had suspicions of this Company, which has been my livelihood. No, sir, I put the case and 1 got my auswer. Herr Paulus did not know the name of the Company, and I understand that he is a complete stranger to London. The advice was given by the Spirits, bis friends, without his knowing anything -of the Com pany. " Paul coughed gently. It was not in human nature to avoid calling attention, however gently, to the trinmph of tho momeut. He had not kuown anything of tho Company. "It was my little all that was saved," Mi-. Berry went on with emotion. " As for my peusion, of course that was stopped with the Company. It is oulv three per cent. 1 get on my money now, and it's a sad blow ; but I can live on what I've got, and I'm saved from the workhouse — saved, sir, by Here Paulus, I whom I desire to thank in your presence, sir, I and ia tbe belief that he has saved yon too, ' I "Indeed he has, Berry," Mr. Brndenel re plied. " Wo owe everything to Herr I Paulus." I "Sir," Mr. Berry addressed the blushing I Paul, " may I venture — so far — sir — may I I presume to touch your hand. Ah I sir, yon are young yet, and havo a great career of useful ness before you, with the help of the Spirits— a great career. Go ou, sir ; scatter blessiDgs ; do good all uround ; bring their help to bear upon sufferers, ward off dangers. Oh I Wliat would one give for a day — only a day — of snch powers as yon possess." " I'm . glsd — truly glad," said Pan!, "to have been ablo to do something for yon at least." " Something, indeed 1 And not to know the n&mo; of the company 1 Next day, to be sure, talking it over with Laviuia, she found out that you had put two and two together." Paul withdrow his hand, and suddenly betrayed every sign of confusion. " To be sure," this foolish old man wont on, " whon you'd bceii told that I was in tho service of a shipping compauy, formerly the property of ouo man nnd thon of his two sons and then turned into n company, it was easy. to guess, " '' Yes," said Paul. " You think so, I dare say. Good morning, Mr. Borry." And again nobody looked at Panl when Mr. Berry had gone, and Mr. Brndenel in his chair rapped his knuckles with his eyeglasses- one who is mentally wrestling with the giant Doubt. And nobody looked at Paul. Chapter VH. — Tnu Fourth Blow. I do not quite know bow Paul got off the stage after that situation. Ho did not koow himself. Qe only remembered that ho looked up and met Sibyl's eyo9, and they wore fall of pity, and that tbo others were not looking at him. Then he murmured somethiuir aud wont out of tbe room with Mr. James Berry, whom ho left at the door. It is not enough for a man to say that the past is gone, done, finished, over, Every mau'a past — his boyhood, his manhood, his old thonghts, his old deeds, his words — livo in his memory ami ciiug to Uiiu liko tho fabled shirt which could not bo torn off. Sometimes that Bhirt hums . and tortures and eats iuto tho quivering flesh ; bnt it cannot bo taken off. Sometimes it is a soft, warm and comfortable cloak with which to encounter cold December blasts ; and it cannot bo blown off or taken away. ' When the man dies, what becomes of the living past ? . Everywhere be saw detection, exposure and contempt, and always from some nnsecn and unsuspected hand. It was known that ho had been coauectcd with a New York spiritualist — a Medium's Cad — oh, yo gods, to have been called a Medium's Cad ! It was known that ho bad learned before the sale of tho shares the shaky condition of tho company, and all along he had posed as tho most ignorant man in the world concerning companies 1 Tho very ser vants looked at him with eyes of contompt ; from every quarter he felt tho cold, nipping wind of contempt. Men have proved. themselvc3 capable of beariug any kind of misfortune except one. They cannot bear contempt at any age. Con tempt maddens. To escape contempt Spar- tncus and his friends braved the might of the Roinau Republic. To cscupo contempt meu will march to tho cannon's mouth. But when contempt is served out as a ration or a lielpiag of Pate, man bows his head and dioB or he slinks into n corner and hides. And no one, certainly, is an object of greater or more universal contempt than the pretended trafficker in things supernatural wheu lie is found out. Many things may bo forgiven. The author of a piny that is dauincd is presently allowed to walk with head erect. A man may steal a pig nnd yet redeem tho respect of his fellow creatures. A statesman may eat all his words and vet contrive to find'n faithful follow ing. . But a man who has been found out in spiritualistic trickery remains an object of contempt. And Paul saw in himself nn object of this contempt. Dace outside the pretences' with which he had clothed himself, as a starving player struts the stage aud believes himself to be king, &c.; — Paul had believed in those pretences — be was as quick as any others to see the past in all its trae ugliness. The contempt did not oxist in two hearts at least. As one pretence after anothor was laid bare, one woman's heart whs filled with pity and another's with love, hnt there was no con tempt. Since he felt that way it was natural for him to turn his steps in the direction, of Bcanmont- street. That tie should be broken at once and for ever. " Yos, " ho concluded, " I will not hear a single word. I have left the horrible, detest able, coutcujptible profession. " J1, So.?" The old man had listened without a word of interruption, . though his face grew darker and darker.. '.'So ? . You haTe left the profession, Paul ?" "I havo left it.. I wish .to heaven that I bad never entered it ! Better haTe gono be fore the mast — or weighed out sugar ; better — anything — anything." " Ungrateful Paul ! " "It is over at last. I havo done with it. Oh ! what a relief — what a relief to feel that I have done with it at last 1 " "Yon hate found some other profession, Panl?" " Not yet, There is plenty of time. I can look about mo." " Ton have found a patron witli money, then ; as well as a wife without ? " " No. What need of a patron?- I am come to draw my money ; give mo my money ; I will take it away with me. Let me regulate my accounts." "Your money? -Your money?" Tho old man looked him steadfastly in the face from his whito shaggy eyebrows. "What money? What accounts ?"...' "Mymouej- — my share," "Oh! your money? This is interesting. Wait a little : we will come to that question ufterwards. Now Paul, do you thiuk — I ask you seriously aud without nny anger ou account of your hot words — do you think you arousing mo well in this matter? In your new fangled notions about truth aud liouesty I think you have forgotteu my claims ? ."What arc your claims?" " Let us examine the position. Seven years ago you cauic to be quite poor and quite igno rant. During that long time you have been my pupil. I have kept you and clothed you, I have taught you all you know — nay, I have taught you things that you could never have learned except from me. Is this trae, Paul ?" Ho spoke gravely and earnestly. "It is quite true. I do not deny it." " I fomfd in you the germ — only the. germ — of that power which you have developed by my assistance, into the highest kind of magnetic influence. . I .made yon what you are. " "What I was, what I am no longer." "You do not deny, then, that yon owo everything to rae." , j"Ia all tho arts which you profess and I have practised, I acknowledge my debt to you." "Do you suppose that I havo taken all this trouble for nothing ? Do you think that it consists of pure love that I gave you my time and imparted to you my knowledge ?" " I never did snppuso.that." "On tho contrary, I looked to making mv profit in tho. future. I thought that common gratitude would attach you to me, and that when, as has now hap pened, I should be laid on tho shelf, you weuld carry ,011 the business still, the business which I made, and which I taught you as my partner instead ol ray assistant." " Your assistant ? I have been your partner " "I thought that tho timo would come when I should say: "Paul, hero are deeds of part nership. Let us sign them, aud henceforth share." Paul jumped and turned pale. 'Henceforth share? What do you mean? Why, we have shared all these years, we have been partners." "Partners? Oh! no. Certainly not. Partners? Indeed, my gifted young friond, you are carried away by your imagination. Never partners. Yon entered the house as my pnpil. You rem&iued; as my assistant You were my hired help. It remnins with you to determine whothor you will, in good time, be come my partner." "Oh! This is monstrous. Why, I have dono the lion's share of the work for six years and more. You have spoken of the business a thousand times as one joint concern." " So I have. So I have. Tho joint concern of Master and Servant — as wo say in England." "1 was your partner," Paul cried, angrily. " As your partner, I demand my share of . the money. I never had auy money. You kept it all for mo. Where are tho books ? Givo me my monoy, I say, and let mo go." ' ' Reach mo my desk. Thank you, Paul, thank yon." Tho old man sat up in iiis chair and opened tho desk. " Now, here, my paid aud hired assistant, is a paper in which I havo jotted down, as near as 1 could make itout, a statement of our position as regards each other." Paul, otligrwt.io Paulas, otherwise Paolo, In account with Professor Matchers, Spiritualist. Cr. Dr. Dels. Dols. Str years' salary as Board and lodging Assistant splritu- In the best aryje, alist at 1000 dols. 6000 atl500dol. aye'ar, ...... seven.years ..10,500 Tuition feus for seven years, at 1000 dol. a year 7000 Dress, chlrlly In black velvet and lace, In the best style, at 1000 dol. a year .. .. 7000 Moneys advanced for seven years, d:c., exact uccount In cash book .. 2100 Eel an re dae to Prof. Enropcnn tonr for Melchcn .. ..23,600 eight months, say 30 DO Total .. 29.000 Total ..29,600 "Here is the account, Panl," He handed the document, which was very neatly written on a piece of note paper. " I think that no one can find fanlt with any of the items unless, perhaps, the charge for maintenance. Bat that is balanced by the enormous salary which you have received — and consider tho luxury in which you lived. Tho tuition feo is moderate indeed." " Oh," cried Paul, » this is monBtrous ! " "Not at all, not at all Quite regular and moderate. Should'you accept the partnership which I now offer yon, the little debt would soon be wiped off. I might oven make a re duction." ; 1 "I deny everything— every thing," cried Paul, "You have called me your partner a thousand times. You have always spoken of one business. As for tuition, what bad you to teach me after the first few months?" He tore up the paper aud threw tho fragments on the tablo. "Give me my money," ho said, hoarsely. " Give me my own and let me go." "If," eaid the old man blandly, "if I said words of encouragement it was in order to make you zealous, aud I will say that you becamo very zealous. There is not a trick of. tho trade, not a knot in tlio groat web of deception whicii we weave, but was familiar to you. I took prido in my assistant.. My old friends congratu lated mo upon you, Paul You liad your little weaknesses, such as inordinate vanity aud <41 foolish desire to become a great man, which you could never he, and a con stant craving for flattery. . But I. did take pride iu you, and for tho three years that you worked for mo I did very well, very well indeed. The dollars rolled in. That is not to be denied. I had need of them iu order to pay myself hack something of that awful load of debt." "Oh! Debt! Debt! I will not hear of it. Come, are you going to give mo my share ?" " I am not, Paul. Once for nil, I am not. If you persist in giving up a glorious business, aud sacrificing my future as well as your own, not ouo solitary dollar do you get. That is my last word,' Paul.. Think'it over. Think what it means." Pan! sank into a chair. He had not looked for this. The old Professor was his banker. If ho wanted any money ho asked him for- it, He had always considered himself a partner, and he knew that the income . of tho firm was very large daring tho three years when ho worked for it. Aud now — to be told that he was only an assistant. To be shown a sheet of paper by which it was mado to appear that he owed his instructor three and twenty thou sand dollars 1 " It is my last word, Paul," the old man re peated, looking at him steadily with his keen eyes under his white eyebrows. " I shall pro ceed to consult a lawyer on tlio recovery ' of this debt." ' Paul made no reply. " Consider, my dear boy," his purtnerwenton "Yon have lost your Power because you have neg lected .my warning, nnd suffered your mind to become wholly occupied with a woman! "Well — I have no objection to your marrying. . I will eTen see that you start ' handsomely. When you have been married a month your mind will begin to recover its balance again, and your old Power will gradually come back. Then wo will all three go back to New York. I will have a deed of partnership properly drawn up ; vou shall conduct the active part of the business. I will sit by and advise. You will keep your wife in style and luxury ; you will be always learning more and more, and you will be always becoming a greater power in tlio land! Listen now. Come dowu from your stilts aud be reasonable. I have matured a scheme for getting at the private affairs of every man of standing in tho City of Now York : it is a scbomo absolutely safe, which shall never by any accident he counccted with you" and me. And you shall work the scheme. Come, Paul, I offer you the most enviable, the most delightful, tho most honored way of living possible, and yon think of throwing it over for a mere scruple." Paul made no roply. " I confess, Paul, that I am loth to let you go, if by any persuasion or offers I can make you stay. I like you, hoy. 1 have always liked you. Aud I admire you. I could uever find, anjiwliere, another boy who would quite so well answer all my requirements. Indeed, I am too old now to look for another. You will ben.verv great, an irreparable loss, to me." Still Paul mado no reply. " As for tlio money I have saved," the old man kept his eyes on Panl, watching the effect of liis words, " that will be no morothan enough for my own simple wants. If I wished to be generous and -to givo you money, I conldnot afford it. " Paul's face refused to show the least sign of being tempted. " And all for a wretched little scruple 1 Paul, it makes mo sorry for. you. I have told you over and over again that in our profession we do ' no more harm than in other professions. They want our advice ; wo sell it. They want counsel on all kinds.of subjects, wo profess to givo it. Very well. Sometimes it is good advice, sometimes it is bad. ' We do our best. Meantime, we learn and watch, and keep oyes and ears wide open. A laborious profession, Paul, bqt not without honor." Then Paul arose and spoke with dignity and saduess. " Yes. It is hard upon you, after all your expectations. I will not work with you or for you any longer. I am sick aud ashamed of tho whole business. Whatever happens to mo i will no longer be a cheat and a rogue by profession."' » Words, Panl, words ; empty words." " People did not como to consult us ; they camo to consult tho Spirits with whom we professed to communicate. I will have no more to do with it." Then, Panl, let us waste no more words Go from me — as you came to me — a Panper! " (7'o be Continued.) 