A Dissipated Ghost. An Amehioan Stoby. I wm a book-keeper in Chicago at the time «*’ofi,the. great fire; and, like many others, was left by it homeless, pennileBs, and friendless, my employers being too crippled by the ^ calamity to continue business. ’ Unlike many "’others'/though, within a week I had the good •dprtuiie to accidentally meet a civil, engineer whom I had known slightly when I was a lad, and/on making myself known to him he offered me work as. an assistant on the pre liminary survey of a projected railroad which'1 he was then on his way to -'take. It goes without . Baying that I’ accepted gladly, the more so because 1 was young and vigorous, detested office slavery, and coveted open-air employ then t. The party to which 1 was attached was ex ceptional, in that the entire staff were edu cated gentlemen and good fellows, ,good natured and jolly, with an unlimited capacity .for making amusement, while the'laborers, \- •the “ hewers of wood and drawers of water,” Beemed to follow their lead, aud cheerfully took their hardships like pleasures. In faat, ; I believe that the hilarity aud urbanity of the Btaff had attracted the very choicest of the : laborers to seek employment with the party. At any rate, except while at work, there was small distinction of rank, and many an even ing did we make 'the quiet night ring with the united shouts of . the party as we laughed over some comical story ana bandied jokes with one another; and often aud often did ’ •the llames' of our camp-lire Unp in unison 'with a tuneful‘-chorus, whose notes floated off into the wilderness-a round.us and wafted strains of the joys of civilisation to the untu tored salvage in the far distance. The chief of our patty Wtv? a a engineer named Jones (of course, that waau’t his name, : but it will serve), a short, fat, cheery little man, with an imperturbable acceptance of circumstance^, however adverse, which often struck me as an attribute of a fatalist. 13 very " one called him major, tnough nobody could tell why. There waB nutbing in his bearing to inspire the application of a military title —rather the contrary—but still we all called • him major, 1 never saw another man so full of straightforward energy, so thoughful of -•the welfare of his subordinates,so faithful to his duty, and; withal, so merry aud appar ently light-hearted, Ho -seemed to like the wild life of a preliminary survey, and once told l us, as we layabout our lire at night talking of home aud our ultimate return there, that he would like to die without ever Beoiug the settlements again. This remark set us all to talking in a re* ' minisceut Btrain, nad from mothers, Bisters,, abd'sweethearts we passed on to the, rosy V 'joys of the opera, the ballet, and the circus ; of;'Nilsson as Lucia^ Lucca as Zerlina, Aime3 in “La Jolie Parfumeuse,” Dan Bryant aud : Charlie Backus, Sothern, Jcffersou, and Booth. One fellow exulted over suppeis ’'With daihin^ i blondes of thovariely stage; A another lamented the passage of his successes "“its a leader of society; another gloated over all-night,sprees,.and discoursed’'of absinthe as aHnbrning healer, Many were the recol “ lectibns of the Argyle Booms in New York, of nocturnal adventures in thu streets behind Covent Gardens in London, of wild nights in Baris, Vieuna, Venice, or San Francisco ; 'and the dancing-girl of Honolulu, Yokohama, and Delhi were descanted upon till a gsneral indication of envious discontent warned us to change our topic. Then we talked “gour ■Imahdise,” nnd compared whisky aud bacon • with omelet soullld, f rogs a la poulette, and 1 champagne frappd, *We were all wiseou the ’ merits of the various beers, and some of us ' could talk’of Chambertin, Olos Vougeot, ! Chateau Yquern, and Johannisberger, whicu 1 we ignoiautly flittered ourselves we knew sometniug about. Finally, Jack Saxton got up‘and lazily stretched himself, remarking : “ Well, gentlumen,-you may all' talk about •?.delicious drinks, but 1 tell you that in the ■. pld days the finest drink 1 ever tasted was a • big pull out of my soft-water pitcher about five o’clock in the morning.” Mo3t of us ; knew something about that, too, and the boys said nothing, but drifted quietly utf to their blankets, leaving Jones and me to finish our pipes by the dying fire. We smoked in silence for a few minutes, ana then the chief turned ana-looked intently at me, with a far-away look in his eyes that I*had never seen there belore, i’resentlyhe ’said “’My boys, you were all of you wise to take the good things of life When they wrero 'within -your reach, for the time will come, , alive or later, when the ashes of remem brance ’will be all you 'can hope for out of 'the glory'of existence. X enjoyed those 4 things once—enjoyed them so that I don’t like to talk or even think about them. Thank your.stars, old fellow, that you ate still here to 'embrace the fragrant delight of them,”, He leaned back oh his elbow and looked off into the:sky/ di 1 igeutly'shooting great mouth fuls of smoke at a cloud which swuug aioug. the horizon,. .''At length he said, half to him-1 self and almost defiantly : “1 think i will tell you my- story. 1 don’t know why 1 ‘shqiiltih’t.1‘Pknow yoif Nvill rfcspect’.my con fidence, and lt will serve to ‘ hrihg me1 to : mind sometimes'When ‘ you are a Staid bid ” citizen and Turn a rbtting skeleton.”: 1 said nothing,, but refilled my pipe, threw a chunk 'ofwood on thb fire, and stretched myself out "“again where 1 could’see his’pleaiaut'faceiby the flickering firelight. ■ After a Hew more' smoke^puffs, he com “mehced ; “Sdon after the began 1 left ' colltfgb &ith; my* civil engineer's degree in hiy pocket, add 1 immediately enlisted iu—call 'it the One Hundred and Fourth llhode Island, I went out a? first lieutenant; wai ebon made captain, add was With my eOm • p£tay'at the battle of Antietum. ■ During the day‘I Was hit in’the face by a fiagment of a .'shell, tyhick knocked- me down aud stunned ' tne' for a few'm omen is, but 1 soon came to myself, found that 1 was not seriously hurt, ’“and hurried on aftef t'ue cbmpauy, which had “'gone‘ahead.'"When Icaughtmp with-them, 1 the1 meu told "me that the same shell "Which had upset me had killed a private named “ffbha^P^Weed, completely aisembbweUmg him. 1“had passed the poof fellow’s’frag 'mdhtafbat didn’t look' to "see who it wai. ;"Y6ii!'know that in the volunteer-Service'the separation' between' officer and private waa 'taot 'very marked, and T . had‘ come to know 1 Weed pretty'well,1 but”in the heat df'battle herb “wasn't time t6“be ;Bbrry f Jr his death. t! 1 took that-out TohgJafthfwai u. He was a | que£f,-*piritualis tic’sort of fellow; with no ‘“direct belief in-any thing, ana'entirely with* ■ 1OUC'respect:for1 the 'moial laws of the niue “tednth ceiitqry. ‘ WC often talked'together, and ho had-told me that he had no kin in the -/world, aind'hcliBed'tb'wonder", if ho'shuuld be f‘ killed; What would*'hedonic-of about fifteen hu'xklred-dollars'iwhich lay to hiB* credit in, the; a-ioeerd* and‘Chemists’ 'Bank of - New, 'York. ■Hehad'been a Ooiiviva.'it in all ways, -ail'd it*seemed:to grieve1 hnh that he hai not, bad' time to'creditably spend it'iu: luxurious ;‘,UiBfliphtioii‘before he enlisted, “Well, 1‘Berved througb’ihe war and came ” out a" major, and; by the way,'the title is the '* only remnant'of my old Tile‘that clings to • ’ meho^andlhan’c get'rid of that. , 4‘ '“‘After’'the war! didn’t'thmk of"going at my'profession, for T*was- toorusty'in it, and 1 Obtaihed a clerkship*iu the Grocers’and 1 'Ghbrnista’ Bank;'through the “influence of, friends. With'*the vagabond instincts of a ' fldMidr ‘still in me, T devoted1 my nighia pretty '“ghuefally to“the illicit pleasures witu whicn '■thu'/clty abounded, but T stuck by my work -diiring the day, ana was eventually-nmde ^pityingtellof.^Of course, i couldn't raise the ; ddUcC'’at nightr-wituout spending a lot of ‘u*in6hey; bo my‘fcalary was atwaya'Overdrawn, ■"'imd T'Wfta ihdebt besiats. One day'i got to ’^thinking of Weed, add i Went to' the nooks • aud' fdhudraure' hcotfgh,-the fifthen hundred /-and 4:6dddolla rtf "stUrvjh is1 credit. ‘ Alter • that, X used to brood over it a gdbd’deal, and think what a pity it was that somuch.mpney, should lie there in the bank.forever, nbver to do any one any good, and whafca godsend ii! would bo for mo if I had it, "One night I got into a game of poker, and lost to one of my fellow-clerks a good deal more money than 1 could pay, I gave him my IOU for the amount, and he promised me my revenge whenever I chose. The next day, just as the bank was about to close, a man walked] up'to the counter and put out his hand Baying : ‘ Hello, Captain. Just: identify ,me, will you. so I;can draw mv money.’ Great God 1 dt was John P.‘Weed himself! I stared at him in amazement, and said’feebly : 4 But look here, you know* you’re dead.’ ; * I may be dead/but I’m alive enough to want you to dine* with me to night, and he drew a check for fifteen hun dred dollars, and’I, dozed with the shock paid it, knowing his signature well enough 1 Now, put on your hat and come ont rind take a arink with me,* he said, and, ray duties being over fof the day, I wont. Wo had a drink or two, and then went out on‘the Bloomiugdale road for a drive, after which we dined at Dalmonico’s. I tried bard to ■ get him to explain his astonishing reappear- I ance, but he put me off' with : ‘ Never mind I that now ; tell you to-morrow.' After din uer, both of ub rather "excited by' drinking, ! I Weed said : 4 Now, X want to do the tdwn to*riight, and you've got to come with me ’ I protested weakly,'saying that I bad’no money. 4 What of that?;-<T havo p!ebfcy,.< and it’s my treat.' -But here, 'if yoh’re squeamish, take1 this and we’ll go and copper the ace, andaee if wo can’t win. enough-for you. I’ll Btand’the losses/ arid ho-"handed me fifty dollars. That suited me to death; so we went tolMsike:Murr&y;,B;'aud in half an hour I had won several hundred dollars, with which we pulled out; ' As w.j turned into Broadway, I saw my poker creditor on the other side of the street,' and I excused myself for a minute, and ran over to Him. 41 say, Stone, I want to take Up my I 0 U.* ‘All right; but IJthought1 you were broke,’ I' was just.tipsy enough-to bj cunning,‘so I replied, ‘Neveryou mind that ; I can always find a way to pay my: debts of honor/ t gave him the money, and rejoined Weed. " That was'the wildest 1‘ever put it. ‘We had a box at a theatre for a little while, and then got a carriage and ‘took in the town/ spending our money like crazy men. I left him at Six o'clock'in thc! morning, at1 the Hoffman house, where he said he svas stop ping. * " I was date at the bank that monriug, and when I got' there was told that the cashier wrinted'me. I, of course, expected a reprimand for being-late; and Iliad concocted a yam about a sick friend ;' but when 1 went in I'aaw that lie' had - Weed's check in his hand. 44 ‘ Mr. Jones,1 did’ you payfthis check ?’ 44 4 Yes,‘air/ 444 Was1 the p^rty'identified to'you by any ‘‘‘No,sir; I knew him, lIXeMWas!ial rhy company during the'war/ ‘“ Was it to'Mr. Weed himself, then, that you paid the money?’ ‘“H^m-m. ' This is very strange,* Have you ever seen him since you left the army V f"N<t until yesterday/ 414 Did you not know that he was supposed to bave been killed in the army'?’ 144 Yes, Bir—tbatik, I thought he waB killed at Autletam/ ‘ 44 ‘‘Were you not there at the time ?’ 11414 Yea, sir; 1 was struck by the Bame 44 * That will do, Mr. Jones. This requires looking into. You. will, consider youraklf suspended for the present, and I would riot advise you to attempt to leave the city/ 441 was horribly indignant at his implied suspicion, and went out' in speechless rage, ! hurrying to the Hoffman House to 'find | Weed and take him to the bank and triura I pbantly clear myself'of• any accusation-of dishonesty. My boy, they told me there was mo.such man there. Almost paralyzed by the scrape 1 found myself in, 1 apentthe next three dayB in scouring the’eity for-him, but he hhd disappeared and left no trace. The hack man and othcr'people who bad seen us- on that cursed night could not remember him1 dis tinctly onorigh to think1 they would know him again. "On the fourth day I was summoned to ! the bank, and found the directors dll as sembled in the bank parlor. 1 was given a seat and the president addressed me : 44 4 Mr. Jones, a Very grave charge has been made against you, and; after' due investiga tion, we find the evidence strongly-in sup port of it. On’ Monday last you claim to imve'paid this check to its signor,'John iP. Weed. We/cam from the War Department, and from some of his many comrades, that Weed was killed at the -battle of Antietnm. He has never been seen alive since, and his back pay has never been claimed from the Government. You Were his commaudiiig officer, were familiar with his signature, arid 'knew that ho left no heirs. We ’have had your .habits of life investigated, and- we find that you have been addicted to gambling and other evil associations, thatyou are in debt, and have been living beyond your meaus. We find that on Monday-evening you had paid Mr. Stone quite a sum of money 'which you Owed him, although ou that day you bad told him you were unable to pay the debt. dTou were not seen to pay - this check, although all the other checks were in the bank as usual until after you left on Monday. Mr. JoueB,1 there is only-one conclusion that we can draw; unless you can bring Mr. Weed himself before us, we shall believe that, yielding to what we 'hope was a mo mentary temptation; you forged this check to provide the means for the iniulgenco of vicious propensities. Have you anything* to “ What could I say ? I could not produce Weed ; and the temptation to gat some one to personate him was quickly put aside, dor discovery would have be=n oertain, 1 told them. The president said that out of con sideration for my friends- they would not ! prosicuto'.me, gave me some friendly advice about my future Ufe, uad I went out of the bank a disgraced man. My bondsmen paid the money; -had 1 came West and went engineering. 1 heard afterward that Stone was also discharged for playing poker.” Ikjor old Chief P He was killed soon after ward by a border ruffian in North Platte, Was it the ghost of Weed, I wonder, or-? | 1 doh’tdike to speculate upon it. I liked | Jones,'and never knew him to tell an ua. truth. / _ 