Our London Letter, (From our own Correspondent.) London, October 17. The sale of 'Madame Midas,' though not equal to that of the 'Hansom Cab,' has had, by virtun of the success of the lat ter, a good ruo, having reached within the eight weeks whioh have elapsed since its appearance a total of 121,000 copies. Nego 01a' ions aw going on for the sale of the dramatic rights ot this piece, ana it ib pro bable that ib will be first produced at the Adelphi Theatre, This, however, will de pend chiefly upon tho acoeptanco by Mrt Willard of tho role of Guston Vandeloup, the escaped French convict, who is the villain— or at least tho principal villain— and indeed the most prominent oharacter in the story, Mr. Trischler, during the short time that ho has been in London, Uas displayed an amount of pushing enterprise that does credit to his oolonial training. He promises shortly a book by Mr. Trauy Turnerclli, of the ' Beaconsflnld Working Men's Tribute' fame— 'A Russian Princess' and 'A Russian Ghost Story.' The author's father had, it appears, certain privileges regard ing the procurement of information in the Russian Empire, and was enabled to enter etato offices and inspect old documents, so that we aro led to anticipate a singular and sensational account of Imperial crime ana frailty. Tho work is to appear early next month, V The first announcement of what might havo provod a fatal accident to the Princess of Wales and her daughters during their stay at GmUnden was made by tho Sunday Times, which is, as you are awave, the pro porty of an Australian lady, Miss Cornwell, As only a few of the papers who have mentioned it, and their accounts are all inconsistent or incomplete, Igive'you briefly the statement of the journal above named, which has special facilities for get ting at the truth of Buoh an incident. It appears the Prinoess was driving in tho mighbourhood'.when the carriage approach ed a level railway crossing, proteoted, as is usual in Austria, by drawbars, which are lowered or raised to olose or open the pas sage, These are worked from distant sig nal boxes, and the falling is notified by jleotrio bells. Tho bell rang as tho car riage reaobed the line, but the Princess did aot stop the pony. The first bar fell im mediately after the carriage had passed, knooking off the hat of tbo Princess Maud ind placing a barrier between the carriage ind the equerries, The bar on the further side of course fell also, and the carriage jould neither advance nor retreat. The next moment a train was seen approaohing ind the occupants were in the greatest peril. Colonel Clarke, however, who was in ittendance, had the presence of mind to lismount, duok under the bar, and, taking the pony's head, to pull tbe oarriago off the line into the fence, just as the train, with brakes down and whistle blowing, passed the Btartled ladies. The Princess, who shewed great courage in tbe trying circum stances, was able to drive buck to the Palace, Tho horrible murders whioh of late have been committed in the East End have natu rally caused an intense exoitement through the whole of London, though nothing like apanio has taken place. Various plans have been suggested and various theories proposed having for their object the dis covery of the criminal, One feeling is, howevor, very general, namely, indigna tion at the obstmaoy of the Home Seore tary in refusing to offer a rewaid, Ia passing, I may say that it is currently remoured he will retire before the end\of the year, He is certainly the most unpopular minister that has held office for many years, and his relations with his original patron, Lord Randolph Churchill, aro reported to have materially changed, Very general dissatisfaction is felt that the polioe have apparently no plan of aotion in the emer gency, To appease this feeling, Sir Charles warren has written a letter to tho White chapel Board of Works, wbioh recently passed strong resolutions on theinuotion of the police, in one passage he says 1 ' 1 no very fact that you may be unaware of what the Deteotive Department is doing, is only a stronger proof that it is doing its work with secrecy and efficiency,' The idea of no results being a proof of efficiency is certainly tho most startling paradox I have over met with. In another part of this lamentable production he betrays his help lessness to proteot the poor victims ia terms which speak volumes 1 'I have to request and call upon your Board, as popular representa tives, to do all in your power to dissuade the unfortunate women about Whitecbapel from going into lonely places in the dark with any persons, whether acquaintances or strangers,' When, some years ago, it was suggested that tho vice whioh parades our streets till they present such an aspect as would not be tolerated in any other European oity should be localised, bo that its followers should be alike amenable to and under tho protection of tus law, the 'shrieking sisterhood' and a number of old women of the other sex opposed to the measure on the ground that tbe State could not recognise prostitution, Now it appears that officialdom is compelled to do so by acknowledging that these unfortun ate women are outside the reach of tbe froteoting arm of Justice and must look to hemselvefl. It is rumoured that Sir Charles Warren is shortly to retire from Scotland Yard, but whether tbe rumour has a good foundation or not I cannot say. 