MY UNCLE'S GHOST. BY FUATsCLS FOOTI | One rainy eve;,ing ia»t week I lounged i into my uncle's bachelor apartments at the | hotel for a. talk and smoke. One of my | uncli: s hobbies was to be surrounded at afl I times by young men ; and. indeed, lie seemed litile more than, a boy hluiseif in feelings, j although lie had passed bis liftieth birthday. [ And we were ail devoted to the major/' as ! we called him-I believe that was his title ! during the war. [ _ There was no one so willing to oiier a j helping' band when we were in a, college | scrape; no one who woald loan money so S readily when an allowance fell short; there j was no one with such a fund of experiences : rrom which to draw for amusing or thrilling | tales: and then his wines and cigars were j unimpeachable. j On this particular evening I found him ! stretched out before the lire, his eyes fixed j reilectively upon the ceiling', as he blew | huge rings of smoke from bis pipe. ! " How are yoa, Tom lie said, lazily : i " you ve saved me from myself by coming in. I It has been such a nasty sort of a day, and an ! evening like this I always mope, and think of iny ghost." I " Your ghost ?" I echoed. ' " Why, yes : you know I hare the pleasure | of owning one. Do you mean that I have | never toid you the story ?'. j ^ I say " ISO," emphatically, and the major's i face grew radiant with the anticipated | pleasure, for the one thing which he enjoyed | above all others was a good story told by him i self : and they were always good. I " Order whatever you wish, Tom." he said. | " I 11 take a. drop of brandy straight, and i you will llnd the best cigars on the top i shelf." I At last we were comfortably settled, and i after a preliminary swallow of brandy he i began. j ' It was about iifteen years ago. and I was I on my way to Chicago. The trains didn't go i right through as they do now. and stopped i oftener. It might have been live o'clock in [ riie evening, and we had one more nijrht to i ride, when the train began to slow up. finally I stopping at a small station, and a young j woman came into the car. | " The sea's were pretty well occupied, and i when she reached me she asked if she might i have the other half of mine. 0£ course 1 i said ? Yes.' There was plenty of room, and j she only had a bit of a bag with her. | " You know I never was much on women, i but I can tell a pretty one when I. see her, i and a lady. She was both, although her ! dress was plain and black, and her gloves had i been neatly mended in several places. I had i a numb?r of books ami papers, the most en ! jertaining of which I offered her, and when ! she thanked me, her voice was the sweetest I have heard-low soft and musical. By Jove 1"' said the major, excitedly, as be reached for the brandy, '*"1 know that I woman would sing with her whole soul; she I couldn't have heiped it with that voicc. ! "Well," he continued." she took up a ; book, but she didn'i read much : just turned the pages at random, and sighed softly to i herself every little while, as if she were un happy or in trouble. When the conductor I cauie through she called him and asked I about a berth. I " . I am sorry," he said ; ; you should have | telegraphed. We are very full, and there is j nothing but an upper one left. You would like a whole section ?' "* I would,' she replied ; 'although a lower berth would do. You are sure you cannot ac commodate me?' ".I'm sorry, miss, but I don't see how/ and that burly conductor didsejm sorry., out or sympathy, as he saw the troubled expres sion in the gir's face. " Then 1 spoke. ";I have a whole section to myself,' I said, 'and I always prefer the upper berth ; so if you will take the low I shall be most happy to resign it to you.' This was a lie, for i had never slept in one before, bat she was pretty enough and unhappy enough to warrant a lie of that kind. " I shall never forget the glance she gave me. i bad not noticed her eyes before, but now they lit up her whole face, They were a deep violet, almost purple, with dark depths, and thick black lashes which cast shadows on her pale cheeks. Yes, she was very pale, you would iiave called her ill until you saw her lips, which were like a strip of scarlet on the snow. Another thing I noticed was a tiny scar, which louked as if it had been made by some sharp instrument, just below her left temple. " 1 tried to talk with her. for she interested me deeply, but although she answered mc pleasantly, she said, nothing by which I could discover who she was, where she was going, or why she was travelling alone. "Just before it was time to make up the berth she grew very nervous, twisting and untwisting her hands, and tapping her foot. Shtt glanced at ine once or twice, but to all appearances I was deep in my book. '?' I've eot to do it,' ! heard her say in the faintest possible voice. Indeed, poor child. I don't believe she knew that she spoke i aloud, so occupied was she with her own thoughts. ?' In a few moments she spoke again, still talking to herself, ?' Thc3T must never find liim about me. It ? vvimid spoil ail, and I would never-' .' I lost the next two words, but they i sounded like ' disgrace him.'. She seemed ! aware then that she had spoken aloud, and 1 looked quickly at me. I turned a page of i my book and settled back farther into my i corner. « Then she opened her little bag and toon | from it a -picture. As near as I could make j out it was the likeness of an aristocratic i young man with blue eyes and smiling I lips. f Sue looked at it for about fifteen minutes ! iongingly, passionately, then she kissed i it fervently under cover of her bandker i chief. | " After that, she covered it with both ; hands, gave one little sob. and then began to j tear that pic lure into inch bits. { 41: Ah, ah, a lover's quarrel!" I thought: j and yet it didn't seen like that. It was too serious ; like a parting forever. "In a little while she turned to me. She was paler than ever, and the old scar was brighter. '"Will you please open the window?" she asked. ' I have something to throw away.' | " i did as she wished, and she scattered S the fragments of that photograph to the four I winds. She drew a breath of relief. I" . Xo-.v iha1., is over the rest will be _ comparatively easy," she said this time to 1 ma. I " - What will be easy," I ventured, j "1 Pardon me for speaking my thoughts to i a stranger,* she replied. * I suppose I mean ! life will be easier while we live, and death i when we die.' j " ? Life should always be easy for one as J young as yourself/ 1 said, gallantly. J " She turned her beautiful eyes toward me i again, and her glance was like a shock from I a battery. In their depths I saw both joy I and sorrow, passion and pain, while she said, j slowl v. j *-? Life to be easy must be sweet. Mine I has been sweet,' with an emphasis on the I 'has been' 'too sweet to last; but now I well, all will be ri<rht in the future, I have no I fear.' And she turned away. { " After that 1. could only make her speak 1 m monosyllables. ! At last that whole car full had settled i down for the night to try and gain the little ) rest which might be found. Everything i was tolerably quiet, and I shut my eyes and ! tried not to notice the jar of the train, or the | occasional groan of the engine. | '. There wos a little, seraggly, pale Xovem I ber moon, which gave me a chill as I looked i at it, and made me imagine all sorts of i creepy things. I thought I heard a stifled i sigh hbcc or twice from the berth below. I i even, seemed to notice a faint, unpleasant i odor. All my senses were abnormally : active, and as I was an old traveller I was i very much ashamed of myself. ] ' When finally I did sleep a little it was to | dream of a frightful accident, in which that i pale, yellow moon and I had a hand-to-hand i tight to see which of us should save the j pretty girl, and during our struggle she had i neen crushed under the car. ' " I had important business a few statious j ihis side of Chicago, but I had made up my i mind that I would have a little talk with the j young lady before I left the car. In the i morning when I arose I went to the front | platform for some fresh air. When I entered j the car again almost all my fellow-passen I gets were visible, but that berth under mine i was just as it had been all night, the girl had ! not yet appeared ; could she be ill1 was ! very near my stopping-place-I could not go j without saving good-by. The porter passed | through. 1 cailed to him and told him that I there was a lady in that berth who had not ! yet been heard from. She might be sick. ? lie went to the berth directly, and made i one startled exclamation. The passengers | began to crowd around. There she la\\\ the ! lashes resting thick on ber cheeks, her lips 1 still that wonderful dash of red, but her face j was like marble, her bands were ice, and her : j heart-ah ! there was no action there. She i i was dead! ' " By her side was a bottle half-filled with j I laudanum, which showed that she had taken ! her own life. ! j " 1 did not wait for anything more, to hear ! the criticisms and the questions as to who i ; she was, and why she did it. I just took one ; | lona-, parting look, and touched her pretty ; | brown hair: then I went -jut to the platform i again, and remained there until 1 reached my j ! station." j The major smoked violently for a few j | moments. ! \ ' But where does the ghost come in?" I ] i asked at length. j ! " The ghost V' lie said, with a suggestion of j | passion in his voice, which i had never heard i ! there before : "she is the ghost. Jler pale j | face, black dress, and violet "j'es, have j i haunted me more or less ever since, j. can | I hear her sweet, musical voice as plainly to- i I dav, when I will allow myself, as I did then, I ' and it ivas fifteen years ago. There is a place 1 in my heart now for those poor little mended '? \ cloves, which were in themselves a pathetic i i story. ^ j I " ' am never on duty at night that she does j j not stand before me with that little troubled i | expression, and that pleading look, until I j reach otic my arms to touch her, then she i vanishes, and I kuo'.v it was-you will say an j illusion, a fancy-I call it her ghost. j "llow many times have 1 wished that in | j gome way I had gained possession of that j i man's picture. I would have pasted them ! ; together if it had taken half a lifetime and j then I would have found him. I would have j revenged that poor girl for the wrong he had j done. Yes, wrong, fur I. know that in some | way he had driven her to her death. Per haps that is why I have never married. I can't tell. I only know that I have never yet met a women who could be to me what her memory is : and I saw ber but once : she was not even a name to me ; of herself, her j character, 1 know nothing, and l am called a j man of the world. j *' And yet, boy," he exclaimed, turning to j me. his face gray witli passion," I am happier j on a dark, stormy niaht like this, in the j prospect of coming home to be with her- j spirit, her memory, if you will, than I should j be if I knew another, a real woman, was j waiting to flim? soft arms about my neck, to j kis? me with 'tenderest lips. Forgive me, | Tom : I seldom speak of my own feelings and i emotions, but perhaps now you can faintly understand how much reality there can j>8 even in a sihost." The major had gained complete control of himself <mce more, and was nodding good bumoredly over his .pipe as if romance, women and. he had always been, as they always would be, strangers. 