A Visit to Sarah Bernhardt. BrF. C. PHILIPS. It is New Years Eve, and ttiscotta'B tas ?nut fallen on the fonitb act of ' La T-sea,' iTthe Port St. Martin Theatre. The ToBca Jm elabbe^ the *iP«'n S-arp-», wN- l^s mnk to the floor, mortally »round_--l Scarp'a to a great cleric ; the Tosca, like most Italians ie very devout, and. as the eminent churchman's spirit passes aic*y, she takes from the wall a large creeffix, lays it on the itai man's breast, and then places a lighted -Mife on eitberride of him. The act being Z^a I went, by invitation, to Sladamn Bern'hardfs loge, an elderly la-iy preceding me Mi* entering the bcx aVmut the saur: n'lneot. Sarah Bernhardt was strttched jntonachair. tba emfcorTiracr.t, dot eo mnch of an eibaa^-t^J wonun bs of one from whom £Very veatige of enfrgy and every spark of litel force had vanished. As the tragedienne. then Ifant back in her XA° fautevil, three of her maids were doirp th-ir utmost to ' bring ierroond ;' one was bathine Madame Bern jjsrdt'e head, another chafing her hands, and s third trying to pour s-sme tot bouillon -)o«n her threat. I was watclsirg tMs ftrenge Eccne with the gr. at»ft inlercs', irifn tie elderly !aiy whom I had noticed Etartled na slmcst out of our w its by suddenly cjcJaiming in sgonUing accents, ?« Oh, my darling, Jtu've beenov(id- ing it I You're Kliiop jonttself 1 You must nally not work jrihard. Eight performanccE a i»-efk I Von jDBEttikea nst. via eherie.' Aid all ILis in s breath, without girirg &sjsb; B:rn imdt the ghost of a chance «-f g- tling in a trordof fxpostnlatioa, ev^n ed-;ev Us t fn a occluding burst the old Saav remarked, in stone of utmost concern an! of even pat ronising cordiality — '' JEK &»'?» ; f vrou'c keep jcu waitirp any longer. 1 51 po back to my place. Good-bye, dearest V kissed the ToBCaonboth checks, and departed. No tooner bad tl e door of the bos closed on this pffihiug dame than Eaiab, extautteda? she was. gathered all her sl-»wly retnrr ingtnergy together, leapt to ber feet, a- -I, exasperated si what lad haprered, ebritbed ' Quelle ett etttefrmmr ? Jr we Vai j-zmai* rue— januzis, jama'i'.'' It vras certeiiJy one of the most amusing things I ercr saw. I may mention tiat during the tboit lime I »-m in Madame B««ik-Lrai's l-i?e. a sheaf of tcJegraniB arrived —one of them Item a dietinguiefci d London editor — wisticg tfce tragedienne vne bonne cuter. The next a'lercoon I went to make a call upon Madame Sarah, at her bot°I, Bcii.'cvariJ Pereire, No. SG.The dcor was opened by agi gai)ticniaD-wnant,staEdingEome6ixl-:elsix —a Patagonian or Brazilian, I imagine, whom Euab Lad brought back from South America on her return fccm the tour which ca-Jftd to much talk. The talon into which I «a- whtred by (his fai?c-;ocary isdefervinpa more deiauca acrcnpnon ttsn i can mier rpon btre; bnt I will sketch its ra'itnt points. Over the n?ac*.lfp-: ca is a lares lit - size drawing of Maurice Bernhardt, Sarah 'e recently married sen, by -whose side is a big dog, BtgnifictiJtlT printed. Tfccre are no windows to the 10cm, a!l the l;ght coming in from the top, ae in an srtiet's studio. On the left, as jou cr.ttr *his characteristic room, is a life-size figure in clay, on which Saiah Berhlatdt vas «rik;nea- tflrn a* 6he could eia(cb an Lcur fr- m he' bey day. A. etriking fvatuio of the room is a large divan covered with furs, standing to the right of the low hearth, on which a glorious fire of pine logs was blazing and £IJiD£ tbe room with the fragrant edenr which some hw yon never notice outride a French koBEe, Any number of flowers were scattered about, bud tome enormous wreathe or tB*ronius, lorently presented to the grrat artirte by enthusiastic admirers of tbe theatre. Here and there yoo ses a variety oi curious figures and bizarre knickracks, omeof tbereEaltsot the fiou'.h Ameiican tmnwr. The enmhU of ecctnSiicity is to be found in the far comer of tre room, in tbe siape cf a buge cage, rising from the floor to the ceiling, containing Sarah's young Uodc. When I fcadl somewhat recovered frcm my first feelinge of enrprise at this singular development of room deooiatioD.Iapproacbed the cage wherein ' Tigrette,' Madame Be m- tardt's tigrera, was formerly confined and which now wasUnantedbya leonine br( od, and stood looking intently at their gambols not however, I am free to confess, without puny inward tremors and qnakings cf fpirit, lor tbe bin of the cage seemed very elipl.t,»nd 1 recollected having been told by Bidel, the famooB domptmr, that tbe large carcirora when reared in captivity are far more dan gerone than their wfld brethren. ' Are they quiet fluked. 'Oh, yes,' answered the rwagonuai Uciades — 'veryqmtt, eBpecaUy Scsrpia.' Thae emboldened, I stretched en t my hind to pat Sc&rpia;'s head, and was re warded for my temerity by a snap which Bade me jump backwards with the tgility of » pantomimist. 'I thought yon s«id they were very quiet?' I observed to the Pata gonian, who was smiling, enjoying the scene. 'OK yes, sir, so they are— all very quiet. That wm only his play when be grabbed at. Moneietir. Sosaying, and leaving itto me lo believe at much or as little of it aB I cbOEe, he left the room, returning in about a quarter of an hour with » great bowl of milk. To nnUsten the cage was the work of an instant, «nd before I could rave myself by precipitate night, tbe mad things were galloping all over me room, jumping from chair to divan and Irom divan to chair, dancing round me, enmching at my feet as though meditating a spring at my throat, and then, to my inex pressible relief, dashing off again to tbe other «w of tlierocm, where the milk was waiting tot than. Madame not appearing, I took »d 'Jitage of a favourable moment to place the stUo*. door between myself and tuese pretty oeatures, which 1 admired in exact propor «on to the distance -which eeparated us. When I called again in the Boulevard Fere we a few days afterwards, I found that the 'ms had been removed, and their places ratal by between two and three hundred ??i wh--S8 warblingB and chattering* made K almost impossible to hear yonrself speak, fcmh Bemhvdr was this time cliez eOe— 2™Ji *° 8n art«* for her crayon portrait as ™* T-woa.' I had been asked to breakfast Wt the diva,m& with me was Pierre Bel ton, wuO Ifi not OnW an nftfcnrnMvmil t-n nnno hnl: A Wlliint scholar; and I amcarefnl to mention ttffi emuent man becaose I believe Uiat he Mil accompany Sarah Bernhardt to London r»a rammer and continue to play the leading ?**? ' la ToBca ' at the Lyceum. It was M ^Berton -who created the principal r≤ in Won, which had each s long ran in Lon «m to that admiia.'ble admption of M. Sar oon « work, 'Diplomacy, la the sallea wiMrr i foan^ beeiaes the invites, most of 'aoame Bernhardt'« clever dogs— eleven in 'Wnber— which with seventeen Berrante com - P'« her Uttle eetoblishment. Of theee can J™ PetB, two are greyhounds, one a Russian oarnound, another an English terrier, and me or two Scotch collies. The mattresse Ae -»uu eta at the head of the table on a raised ™jur, a kind of throne, and in her flowiDg ?'*« gives one the idea of a queen— a young ?wereign, too, for even now she doesn't look '«e than fire-and-tbirty at the very outside. «e breakfast talk taming on the absurd jeatence which had jnrt been passed on M. Jf^no, the director of the ill-fated Opera r™1)''* (who EDbseqaently suceesfnlly cp Kz*..'**11* »*). Sarah Bernhardt gave as ?n^* Bn^ mDBt amusing account of Hie ^emwhen she herself was 'burnt out' in JS* Kue ChansBee d'Antin several years ago. ?M m, uninsured at tbe time, and one '''«% recaved a visit from sn »gent at jfeortne companies who had broaght her I.* ''oeeaary formal docaments totjgn — in Wttepolicy ofinEurance. 'Oh,' Baid Sarah, J-mtoo bttey to go into it to-day. CM '»™. will you?'—' Certainly, Mademot ym with pleaenie. ril come to-mortow to pet roar S'gna'nre, Trt-ich is now all tha*-. r--. mains to bi done to complete tbe insurance.' '\VhatI'6h« fxclaimed, 'sisn ftnytHt-e «i a Friday ! Never in tl e world 1 I cmiMn't do such a thing ! CVme on Saturday mom- , ing. and I'll complete the matter.' Tbe next richt the braififni apparlmrut in Ihf Bne Coaus-5: d'Auliu was burnt, and with it every vtstigo of 6a ah'e property, while she lia-i to pay 25,000 francs compensation for tbe damage done to the goods and chattels of the other limUaires. She made ns scream with laughter as Bhe toll oe in her inimitable manner ot the rrsnue of her ol \ Grandmother, wbo ih n lived with her ; how the vieille dame was earned down tho burring a' airs by a young gamvunix in evening garb, wo m»Je her bettride his shou1dsrs. albeit she wai in the mnst complete dethabiUe ; bow Jittle Mamies her son, tben aVrat six, conMnt be peisiaded that the fire was anything hut & tpeetvele. got for his particular benefi1, and how, clapping his raids with glee, be gaily demanded, as he w«s being carried away fr-m the ecene of the ciinflagrition, ?' QiCestecqw e'e*t tjice ea, petite ataman — «n fat 4'tzrti ficcV It was, as I have shown, anything but a case of ' fireworks ' for Sarah, who wai, however, none the less determined to tell us the alplut and omeqa, of it. Yet anothi-r s!ory of tbie enfant gate she told up. It was the morning of his birthday, a few days after the fire, and with the first streak of dawn Manrice rushed \n'o his mother's room, with -l Boa jour, petite vtamanl Avjourd'hui j'ai sir anx, riest re jmt V ' Oni, wioas /is.' ' Eh hicn, on snnt men nix annj Ji: reux nun: six an* ! Bon:wz-m&i; mes six aits V1 ?' Finding it im. posible to explain matters to him,' addel 6arah, (t aud as he was making enough noise for a dozen children, I took him up in my ants ard — ' Well, yon will imagine what happened when I tell yon that Madame Sarah finished the sentence by an expressive bit of pantomime consisting of three sound ing slaps of the hands. It pleases Sarah B rahardt to be told that sh-? is getting stouter, as bqs undoubtedly is. Those who know the singular charm of her manner will not require any assurance con cornic» it on my part ; those who are un acquainted with M».dame Bernhardt would hardly realise her gaiety and her winning »aye, k-7 reading any wor.le of mina. She is richly dowered with tact, and makes you go away wilh the gratifying idea that yonr visit bas not only conferred the greatest poauble amount of pleasure upon her, bnt Las been the one solitary thing for which she has longed and which IB to her as the oasis in the desert is to the weary traveller. Sarah B irn hardt lik-s ro hear all about the Lrradoa ictr sses, sp- als in very flattering terms of Uq. Bernard-Beers 'e talrnt, and perhaps in quires what o-ir leading histrions make a year by the cxt-rcise of tht-ir art. She herself gets 1500 francs -£60) for each representation. As, including tbematinc-, there ate eight perfr;rmatic-. 6 in a week, that comre o the resp;c'a-jle figure of £180 par Kcmaine. Not so bad as times go, even for the leading tragedienne of the century. 