♦ ? THE WEAKER VESSEL. A NOVEL. '.By DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY, Author of 'Joseph's Goat,' 'Rainbow Gold,' ' Aunt Rachel,' -fcc. [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] Chapies XLI. A royal master or notion laid It down a3 an axiom that when everybody can tell how a story will end, the story is ended. Here, for the rounding of this history, there remain but two or three things to tell. Mary and I returned to town to gether'that same day, and Clara nursed her for a day or two with great assiduity, for' now that the strain was over she proved quite overwrought. She was soon herself again, however, and we fell Into our own ways of life at home, with some few differ ences. Pole had nt-ver once crn&ned; am threshold since my marriage, and his reason for absence had been understood all along. He came for the first time about eix weeks after Lady Wor borough's funeral. He was serious at first, bat he had always been a man to whom affecta tion of any sort waa intolerable and hate ful, and when ia the course of our talk we happened to strike a comic fancy, he had one of his old bright and charming smiles in readiness for it. His troubles had aged him, and young as he was there was a touch of grey about his hair. The atti-i tude of Mb mind had grown habitually' serious, but he waB not at all the man to cling to a departing shadow. 'I don't know,' he said, 'whether I have acted properly In coming here so soon. I have been guided by you so often that if you will allow me I will take your advice once more. Mary is still Btaying with you ?' 'Still,' I answered, 'and will stay until the only person who has a right to take her away shall come to do it. I have been looking for you for days past.' 'That sound?,' he said, 'like ap proval.' 'It ought to sound,' I answered Mm, 'like complete approval. The fact 1b that if you like. to think so your position for a time might be embarrassing and delicate. If you do not choose to trouble yourself at all about It, it may grow natural In a day.' Clara, who was of coarse aware of his presence In the house, came In at this juncture to welcome him. She stayed bat for a moment or two, and on retiring — 'Tea will be ready in five minutes. You will come up and join us, John, and bring Lord Worborough with you.' This indicated clearly enough another opinion on our side, and we followed Clara upstairs. Pole glanced about the room, bat Mary was not there. He looked disappointed, and even a little nervous, but almost immediately she entered. They shook hands, and we all sat down together, Clara talking at first with a rather forced vivacity. She soon conquered this, however, and the ice once being broken we got on without further trouble. When we had taken tea Clara moved into the adjoining room and sat down to the piano. I also sauntered through the folding-doors and stood to listen to her playing. It was by no means as firm aa usual, and I was not long in discovering that she was crying softly to herself. But I knew that her tears were very far from being unhappy and feigned to take no notice. In about an hour Pole said his good- byes and went away. He came again, and continued to come, not half as often as I should have been glad to see him, or I suppose a twentieth part as often as he would really have cared to call. I remember that whilst these visits were going on, and whilst indeed they were comparatively new, Clara and Mary and I diced together with that genial old Dr. Fifsh, of whom I have once or twice found it necessaryf to make mention ia the course of my story. I met at his table the lady of tbe poor dear Hottentots. It appeared that they had changed their allegiance, and the poor dear Cypriotes were now in charge after a fashion as mysterious as that of their predecessors. She hinted to me after dinner that Lord Worborough's visits were just a little — now didn't I think so ? Were they quite ? — Didn't I fancy, now, that they were rather premature 1 Did I think that they were absolutely and entirely? — well, Bhe might Bay delicate ? 'Dear madam,' I responded, 'Lord Worborough and Miss Delamere suffered horribly as the result of a wicked and shameful plot. They behaved through out like persons of delicacy and honor, aiid they are acting now like people of common eense. It was I who took upon myself to advise Lord Worborough, and bis visits to my house are at my invita tion.' Whether the general Mra. Grundy had more to say npon the question I never learned, and certainly never took the trouble to enquire. This particular lady #»UDOTB^hMhpdtb»n i hj^ meant her to be. She abdicated from her proprie torship of the poor dear Cypriotes for tha reBt of that evening, and went away earlft ?with effusive ' my dearings ' and hand shakings for Mibb Delamere. When we had quite settled down to tha new order of things, and when that sorrowful past had at last sunk from the surface of our lives, we made a ve*7 hippy quartet. From my dignified height of married man I looked upon the two dearest friends I had in the world with a srofonnd satisfaction and thanksgiving. Clara, from her extra elevation of digaity as married woman, surveyed them with a pleasure as genuine as my cwa. The ghastly dead past must have floated up sometimes in their remembrance aa it did, in our?, but the great equal stream of titna went on and drowned it deeper, hoar by hour and day by day. Tha haunted man, in his bargain with the ghost, lost all his memories of sorrow with the natural result we know of. It wc.uld be as ead to Icse our memories ot trouble as to lose our memories of jcy. But we may all thank God that joy grows brighter in the retrospection, aai tbat sorrow fades. It was about this time that I received aa unexpected visit in my official room. Me. Delamere turned up there, asdistlnguished, as well bred, as condescending and urbane as ever. 'My dear Denham,' he said, 'I have called upon you with regard to an affair of the utmost delicacy. I have never bean able to refrain from a certain feeling of contempt for those people who make a lavish display of the emotions. I have, in fact, now in preparation for the press, a lecture delivered some years ago on the ' Control of the emotions aB a sign of the perfected man.' ' I thonght within myself that the control of the emotions was no doubt an admirable thing, but that the aspect of power in that direction might be less estimable where there were no emotions to control. But I held my tongue, and Mr. Delamere streamed on, calm, urbane, forgiving. 'I have never,' he pursued, 'closad my eyes to the fact that your charming wife and yourself have of late consider ably influenced the career, the character, and the resolutions of my child. I do not enquire whether her resolutions to divide her life from mine were, or were not, arrived at as a result of that un doubted influence. I even applaud that fineness of sentiment, that high sense of honor in my daughter which led her to sacrifice the instincts and the cherished associations of a lifetime. I presume that the instincts were inherited, and I cannot, and I do not, blame Mary for acting upon a sentiment which I have found only too considerably active In my own career. She has an erroneous conception of the circumstances of the case. Bat I authorise you to Inform her — I should rather say, perhaps, that I beg you to ^inform her — that I applauded hex feeling, but that I con sider that she has this time more than sufficiently justified her own position. I come to you because I cannot again endure to be encountered with coldness by my daughter. I appeal to you aa a man of honor to present my case as I have slated it. It is possible,' he added, with a touch of dignified pathos which would have im posed upon me completely in the early days of my acquaintance with him, ' it is possible that my very whereabouts may ba unknown to her. You will find it indi cated here.' With this he produced' a card and laid It delicately upon the table, like an artist and a gentleman. He took up his hat like an artist and a gentleman — he really had the moBt perfect and finished manner I have ever known — and rose to go. I pro mised that I would do my best, and told him I was certain that Mary would be the happier for the reconciliation. He thanked me and went away. I took the message home that evening, nnd fn Via hripf. ATarir i»r»nflnntar1 ta» willingly to call upon him, and next morn ing paid him a visit. As a result of this I wrote to him saying that she would con- - tinoe her residence with Clara for apma ; little time to come and asking him to visit her and us as often aa he pleased. I ex preBsed my joy at the reconciliation, and made myself a great deal more agreeable ? on paper than I felt internally towards Sebastian had been upon our household list almost from the beginning, and It was like old times to hear him and Delamara, when they met together, orating one at another with all their original solemnity. - Sebastian had turned toarctdtectureandhad a theory that the reformation of the world from the great doctrine of ugliness waa more easily to be effected hi that direction than any other. ' The very streets pf London strangle and suffocate the wayfayer,' he would say. ' The dull, eternal, unbroken straight) line wearies the soul with its infinite monotony of repetition. The poisonous fallacy of utility has been the death of beauty.' I suspect that he wrote these things down and committed them to memory, unless when they came -freshly from the paternal pump spout and ho repoured them. 'I speak of the fallacy of utility, and I proteBt that I find no exaggeration in tha phrase. The first essential In a thing is that it shall not be hideous. The second essential in given cases is that it Bhall be useful. Because you can pack . more equareB or oblonga than circles or ovals into a given space we sit In these soul freezing rooms of ours, among flit walla and ceilings.' Pole waa there, and asked him if ha wouldn't keep the floors level, if only as a concession. Not to speak It unkindly, Sebastian had grown more tolerant of' Pole's form of humor since the latter had come In for a great fortune and a peerage. I daresay that was true of many people, and I am not disposed to be severe on Jones. He smiled allowingly, and pro ceeded with the development of his theory. ' It ia very heartbreaking,' he said at last, ' but nobody appears to care much. I dined last night with a contractor. One meets such people now and then. He jeered at my contention in a way which I felt to be quite tasteless and a^mbBt personally Injurious He positively told me that I need only exceed my average allowance of wine at dinner, and ' top up' — that was the contractor's expression — with a dose of Old Tom and hot water ia order to see the lines of any street arranged in aB varied a pattern as I could desire. Of course that closed the' con- versation. One can't talk with such people. They veil themselves hi their own coarse contempt against the light of thoughts beyond then: understanding.' But Sebastian was even more enjoyable on one occasion when only Pole and I were present. It appeared that Delamere ^ and he had clubbed together and had resolved, for the sake of society, to diua ha common when not otherwise engaged. *' And do you know,' said Jones, ' I begin to suspect Dalamere of being a ... trifle selfish in an almost unbelievable direction. We have dined together, I should suppose, since this compact was entered upon not fewer than a score of timeB. Now it happens that the man ' who caters for ns at the Albany, though otherwise excellent, la possessed ot but little resource or variety with respect to dessert. He has always served up a mere half-dozen of a kind of macaroon of which. I am — one confesses to this kind of trifle with no shame — particularly fond. I appropriated them, of course, with Dela mere's express consent on the first even ing. They became, ao to speak, my pro perty, and I looked forward to them naturally as the close of my repast. Now, last night and positively also the night before Delamere deliberately aud with obvious intention appropriated, them all.' Pole said that this was simply brutal, and Sebastian thought the term too strong. Really, he thought It unwarrantably etxosg. Pole -was sorry, but regretted that he could not modify it, and Sebastian exrie=set! his regret- at having told the story. Ee valued Belamere, a»d had no Tvieh to give his friends a poor opinion of him. For hia own part be was contented to describe the act as an unexpected idio syncrasy. I delighted in all this, not merely be cause it -eras so charming in itself, bat because it showed that Pole still had a laugh left in him, and because he had had a more relishing perception by nature of the fan than £ had. Nothing was said of the one event whicU tre all regarded as inevitable. Clara was full of wonder as to when the news was coming. It came out at leng'Ji that Pole sind Mary had decided between themselves to watt a year, and that they had resolved npon & very quiet wedding. To me the time seamed to pass FwjfOy, and I look back to it now, or sn least, to all but the earliest months of i- re the hsppiest of my life. There are J;;w uitn Tvho cau boast of nine months ao t r*-? irotn care, bo tranquilly, uneventfully J-.--p*-ful and on tent. To see tha patient }-'.fc of settled resignation fade froai ? U:j's faee, and to see the dawn of posi i .h happiness in it, wis in Itself a joy ?-? hich any nun might envy. To see the f -me change hi Pole, to watch the quiet hearty humor of the man growing oiora supple and more at home again within him day by day, was another and an equal pleasure. I thonght Pole the best fellow in the world. Almost everybody has that opinion about somebody, bat I am pre pared to this hoar to back my man, and if anybedy Bhould prove bo fortunate as to win against me I shall never know it, and the winner will have a friend who la indeed worthy of his bast affection. I am getting very near the end now, and have little more to tell. Bat when I sat revolving this old history In my mind a year ego, and determining to write it, I fixed upon a title for the story as if it had been a novel. I decided to call it ' The Weaker Vessel,' and that if ever it should see the light of publicity is the name it ought to bear. The episode, the remem brance of which decided me upon that title, has still to be told. The title itself lias paseed into a sort of byword between my wife and me, and we have grown familiar with the name. II was only a week before the wedding when Clara the younger had been con ducted on a chill but sunshiny day upon a walk by her nurse. Tills same Clara the younger has filled but a little place in these pages, though she was knowa to all hands aboard the family craft as com mandress-lnchief. We were all standing at the drawing-room windows at home, chatting and looking out on the fine bright weather — Clara, Mary, Pole, my self, and Delamere. Clara, Delamere, and myself -were at one window, Pole and Mary at the other. The little Clara waa suddenly discerned in the street, toddling forward with outstretched hands and somewhat uncertain footsteps, treat ing the ridges of frozen mud as if they were half her own height. She had evi dently escaped for the moment from her nurse, who was scudding forward in a stooping posture, either to pick her up or to eustain her footsteps, when a wildly driven hansom came tearing round the coper and dashed In between them. The child was absolutely touched by the wheel and thrown forward, The nurse girl, re coiling with a shriek, tripped and sat down upon the roadway. By a happy wonder neither child or nurse received a hurt worth mentioning, but for the moment my heart was in my mouth, and by the time that Pole and I had torn down Etairs together, got the hall door open, and discovered the pair to be un damaged I was sick and faint. I carried the little creature, who was not at all alarmed by her tumble, into the drawing-room, and there waa Mary in an armchair in a state of perfect collapse. She had fainted clean away. There was a mighty hubbub for a moment, but we all calmed down and In half an hour's time Mary herself, with a rather white face and tremulous manner, apologised for her weakness. She had Imagined that both the girl and the child had been run over. Delamere was very gorgeous to behold and listen to as he expatiated upon this incident, and turning to Pole with his courtly and condescending grace he said, 'You must have pity on the weaker vessel.' An hour later when Mary had quite recovered and Pole and I were alone to gether, he delivered his mind of the thoughts which this utterances awoke in him. ' Jack, you heard Delamere speak just now about the weaker vessel ?' .1 remarked that I had noticed the phrase, and that I had had some fancies about it. ' It set me thinking,' Bald Pole. ' The weaker vessel ! In all things worth while to be- strong in, much the stronger vessel, to my mind. How dares that hollow sham to condescend to a creature so Infinitely his superior ? Did she stoop to touch money dishonorably borrowed ? And what did I do ? Is it any vanity to say to you who know her as well almost as I do that she loves Hie ? Is it vanity to suppose that she felt the separation as bitterly as I did ? I know she did, Jack, I know the shame of being public talk in such a business made that sensitive heart bleed many and many a time. And whilst £ was away in Paris gambling, and racketing, and hating my kind, and eating the husk's tha swine do eat, she was tending her sick and her door, and strengthening her soul with holy thought and pious firing. Jack, my lad, they're better than we are. They're purer and stronger, and more patient to endure.' He -was not talkative for a long time after this outburst, but several times in the cenrse of the afternoon I heaed him mattering, to himself, 'The Weaker Vessel !' in a tone of wrathful incredulity. In the old tales the hero and the heroine always married and lived happily ever afterwards, and ^this strange episode in my own career shall end as so many other storlea have ended— to the sound of wedding bells. Their happy riot has long since sunk into silence j but I know that so far peace and honored usefulness and deep content follow their music. The wedding was a very quiet afiair Indeed, as it was long since arranged It should ba. There were not more than half a dozen people present at it as spectatars. Dala mere gave away the bride, and Sebastian was there In his character of friend of the family. Sebastian, by the way, brought the only strange lady present. He had so far relented from Ms theory of beauty and utility as to sacrifice M|n|lM^ at the shrine of a conspicuously plain and outrageously dollarcdyoungwoman who came from Oleo ville, Pa. She was related to the Dodges there, and as everybody knows, the Dodges are financially big fish even among the biggest. I was particularly pleased to get a visit from Mcllray on the very morning of the wedding, as I was in the act of dressing for the ceremony. I saw him In my dressing room for an instant, and he was pleasantly excited by the news I had to give him. ' Ah'm glad,' said Mcllray, ' that the good lad is going to be happy. I'll tell ye ! Ef I may be permitted, 1*11 just get away to the church, and have a look at the ceremony from the gallery.' He made his way thither, and when the wedding was over and the handshakings and congratulations were all over likewise, and the wedded pair had driven away, I found him waiting at the church door for me. There was no wedding breakfast, for Pofa had too active a horror of the possi bilities of Delamere'e eloquence on such an occasion to endure more than the bare prospect of it. I know this to have been the working factor in his mind, and in ail seriousness I am not disposed to be sur prized at his decision I sccnld have been glad to meet Mcllray at any tb££, for I had igarned to have a genuine regard, £o* him. But with Pole tad Mary gong I felt lonelj and * Uttle ciieprheo, aD-3 ]je came Scohly welcome. | Vv e sat and talked abost the chase ia Paris, and I told him something of what had happened Biuce. Then the conversation languished for a time, until his old un conscious 'watch-cry broke the sileaca. It soBaded to roe in an odd way as if there were a philosophy in it, as it even recoseilrd discrepancies and expressed a sort of wisdom of generality in litMe. '* Aj-5 ay, Denhaxn,' said Mclkay. '-*y, ay, lad! Ay, ay !' The Ekd. 