? ♦ ? The Native War in Samoa. The special correspondent of the Sydney Daily Telegraph, writing from Apia on the 2nd instant, says that the latest news regarding the native out break is a little reassuring. Mataafa's followers are still fortified beyond Natouta. Their numbers have been over 200 men from Monona. The latter are credited with being the best fighters on the water in ray part of the group. They brought two canoes up with them, which are mounted ready for use on the coast to windward, this side of Atua there are over 1000 followers of Tamasese, who are strongly fortified and. en trenched. They also have plenty of ammunition, which means a great thing in a war of tliis kind. At present the English and German residents have been notified that anyone selling guns or amunition, to a kanaka will be sevorelv dealt with. The Americans, however, are making hay while the sun shines, and are doing a good business at fabul ous prices. News is expected from 'Washington shortly prohibiting Ameri cans from selling firearms to the natives. There is one large American store keeper here who has abstained from trafficking firearms with the kanakas. His name is Mr. D. S. Parker, and he deserves the thanks of every well meaning citizen on the island by so doing. During the evening of 18th September a scars was raised that th e town was going to be rusehed by the followers of Tamasese. Forts were hurriedly raised at different parts of the beach to bar the progress to the attacking partv, a miniature rort being raised immed iately in front of the Government Printing Office. The intended attack did not, however, take place. The German Consul has kept faith with with Mataafa in regard to the neutral ground I wrote you about per Lubeek. Not so with the rebels, who had com plete charge of the town, and kent armed watches along the beach all night. They deserve great credit for the orderly manner in which they arc conducting the war. A resident of the beach can walk along at any hour of the day or night without the least molestation. What the white residents are afrasd of is that the natives may get excited by false rumours, and rush the town. A peculiar movement of the Mataafa people took place on 24th September. The people of Aana are strong followers of Tamasese, consequently the warriors are all at Mulinuu Point, leaving all old women and men and children behind. Some 500 of the picked men from Mataafa's party jouaneyed cown to Aana and killed all the pigs and chickens belonging to the villagers. Trees weru cut dowr^and the town totally ransacked So make matters complete they brought the old men, women, and children along with them and put them into Mulinuu, so that they should assist in eating the followers of Samasese out. It |was a very ingenious move on the j-art!of the rebels ; but they are not aware of the fact that in Mr. Brandris, the adviser to the king, who is under the German protectorate, they are dealing with a man who passed his examtnations in the German army till he attained his posi tion of captain. Consequentlp, the strategy aud brains of a drilled soldier are on the side of Tamasese. When theMullinuu people 'run short of food they take to their boats and ao out foraging on another part of the island. When noticed by the other side they immediately put off, and a fight at sea takeB place. On Saturday, the 22nd, two men were wounded, who have since died. On the following Monday fifteen boats crowded with natives left Mulinuu to assist souio of their followers who were returning from the coast with provisions. The townspeople crowded along the road to Matouta to witness what was expected to be a severe naval engagement. They wero dis appointed, however, for the followers of Tamasese kept well out to sea and did not pass to windward of Matouta Poiut. Mataafa's men did not go to meet them, expecting the Mulinuu contingent to go further down the coast. Late in the afternoon some firing took place, with the result that four more unfortunate natives lost their lives. Theueufral ground near the German firms was the scene of a scramble on Friday morning. Some of the TVTnlinnu drodIo enmn to the store to purchase goods, when they were set upon with sticks and stone, one poor fellow being very seriously injured. Fortunately the natives were not armed. Being so close to the heart of the town, serious damage would probably have resulted had rifles been brought into use. Last evening the natives were inclined for a row, as they had been warned by the German Consul to leave some of their villages adjoining tho Vitaeli plantation. The latter is one of the many properties on the island belonging to the Deutscher-IIandels Company. The rebels have been robbing the plantations of cocoanuts and bananas, besides killing a great number of pigs. Had the rebels refused to leave their quarters they would have been driven out by the German gunboat Adler. The German squadron is expected here within six weeks from now, when, no doubt, the matter will be practically settled. Yesterday morning some firing took place, with the result that a woman, who was fishing on the reefs at Viusn, lost her life. Although contrary to law, and cer tainly to the injury of the kanakas, some people on the beach have been supplying some of the rebels with strong drink. The result is that several of them were roaming about last night in a state of intoxication. The effect of this is impossible to forsee, for giving the natives every credit for the respect they bear the white population, when they get filled with the rubbish that is given to them for gin it is imposible to keep them from quarrelling. The formal letter forwarded to the three consuls reads as follows : — Eulers of Samoa, Faleula, 6th Sep tember, 18S8. To his Excellency, Coetlogan, British Consul, Apia. Your Excellency, — We, the chiefs and rulers of the Samoa, have elected in the person of his Royal Highness Malietoa To'oa Mataafa as our king. And another matter which we inform yonr Excellency that it has been decided by all Samoa that Samasese shall by removed from his appointment as King of Samoa, and also Mr. Brandeis, who is speaking without authority in the politics of Samoan Goverment, is to be removed this day. We, the whole of Samoa, have agreed upon this matter, and we have decided 1 hat prosperity and peace shall bo per manent in Samoa. Our desire and wish in those days that we could select three gentlemen of the Great Powers to direct and advise us in our present Government. We trust that you will accept of our letter as well as our wish. May jour Excellency live. We are Tumus, ruling people of Samoa ; Pule, second, rulers of Samoa ; and Aiga relation of Malietoa. Of Atua : Inu, Tuisamoe, Suttagaloa, Tuatagaloa, Leleisea, Alasiaso, Taflloa, Salonoa, Tuisila, Leota, Tagaloa. Of Tuamasaga : Fata,Mataia, Seiuli, Ama, Te'o, Tofaeono, Seumanutafa, Patu, fisisoi, Ama, Te'n, Tofaeono' Seumanutafa, Patu, Fisisoi, Selea, Pula, Luatuanuu. Of Manono : Leiataur Tuimaalealii i'ano, Mulipola, Futi, Punivalu. Of Aana : Tuimalealiifano, Fasavalu, Lemalu, Aiono Tuaifaiva, Taofu. Of Savaii : Palu, Leilua, Luiuiaanga, Lu, Lagaaia, Asiata. Some of the chiefs named in this list are at present at the headquarters of Tamassse. Native names, as regards similarity, are as the Brown, Jones, and Robinson family. From this it will be seen that the kanaka is equal to the heathen Chinpe for ' ways that are dark.' At present it is a well-known fact that the rebels are daily growing short of ammunition, as it is a common practice at night for them to fire a volley to scare ghosts away, for whom they have a great dread. There is no doubt, however, that further shipments of cartridges have been ordered by the dealers in this profitable description of merchandise. There is great excitement in town this morning consoquet on the arrival of two English men- of-war. At half past 10 o'clock the Calliope, with the Admiral on board steamed to an anchor age inside the channel, closely followed by the English gunboat Lizard, both from Tonga. At the time of writing tho beach is lined by natives, who are rushing about clapping their hands in great glee. They have been led to believe that the ' men-of-war Britannia,' as the kanakas style them, will help them in this trouble. They are simply false hopes, however, for from what I learn from an authentic source England has tacitly agreed to tho Samoan Government rule under the German protectorate. The outcome as regards native affairs during the next few days is anxiously looked forward to. 