TWINKLINGS. Ccntennl-ate— Centen-oratc. Sufficient for the Knight is tho K.C.M.G. thereof. Parke was taken for a Chinaman, be cause he's calkd Hi Horn. Several Rega farmers are shifting to Gifpaland. Can't live on I.O.U's. in Victoria a man is a working machine. In Now South Wales he is, from disuse, a rusty one. The King-street Amphitheatre would bo a splendid place to bold tho Uurke-Fotey bruising match. Tho Soup Kitchen and Model Lodging House are preparing for a vast influx of Centenary visitor. America is shipping bulk beer to N.S. Wales. And why no4, f ffbc sends us other sorts of oiL It is raid that Sir Robert Wisdom is coming out for Newtown. What thirsty weather we are having. Sir Alfred Stephen says ' that "Centen nial" is used for "centenary." And tho latter is used for jubilee. A Sydney botelkccpcr advertises that ho has sixty wire beds. Frobobly not barbed wire, but yet vermin-proof. Sawmills were first used in tbo fifteenth century. Which accounts for tho number of oae-legged veterans we meet with. 1'arkea has received Chinese distinctions from Qoong Tut. Probably a brilie to make him plait bis hair Into a plgtaiL John L. Sullivan has snubbed " Wales," rihnw! That's not much to blow about. Mary Anderson had the samo honour. Tho Rev. J. llargvavo, of BL David's, Surry Hills, has been lecturing on " The Land of the Pharaohs." This u the land of the unfair mi. The shark In a certain aqnorlum wore killed recently under the cover of night. Parkeaii a most unscrupulous rival— he brooks no opposition. Mayor Smith, of Adelaide, has boon knighted. His mayoral chain can now be dispensed with. The new Imperial chain U weighty enough by itself. "Sir Henry Parkes, K.C.M.G., 1m signified bis intention of being present at tbo Press Centennial Banquet." He may meet a few old— creditors there. A Sydney woman Insulted a ('male neighbour by getting bur dog to lick the letter's window. This lathe sort of law the magistrates have to grapple with. A Cootamundra woman fined for drunk enness the other day said sho hadn't been before a Court for 47 ycarj. Some people can keep tbe pledge a long time. IJvm of mca liko Parki remind tu Wo as foul endure. And, deporting, utra lebltd uo IllUs Uiat nerer will tutor a. Small boy, Tomlinson, of Grafton, stolo a melon from a Chinkie, and was sent to gaol for seven days. Serve him right, lie shouldn't have attempted suicide. Bj way of celebrating tbe Centenary King-street ought to be changed to I'arket-strect. Going up rorkci-streot would sound nice andauggestivo you know. Braces that sell fur 2s (id in Sydney can be bought for a tanner in America. That's why some Civil servants object to Protec tion i they wouldn't wear a sixpenny article. The Premier aocrta that ho will not take an Agent -Geueralship, nor wiU he if he can get anything better. How would a Colonial Governorship suit Faulcon- bridge? According to our Newcastle correspon dent, baths are conaidetod a " luxury" up at Newcastle. That account for the " high " tone assumed by Mr. Ellis in the House. Aldernrn Palmer desires the emptying of tbe Moore Park pond. Let it be di luted with whisky, then, and hold a can- Unary distinguished " dead-head " visi tor picnic on the bank. A telegram from Bonrke say:—' The weather u most infernally hot, and every body is disgnsted with life hero." It strikes us that somo of them would bo more infernally disgusted with death. Evknixo News aphorism:— "The first thing the country wants is a legitimate source of revenue for govermcctal ex- Sues." Exactly. Protection supplies e want, and fills the gap at once. They have a well-authenticated ghost upon tbe Manning who wears a tall hat. Vt e have a slullar apparition in Sydaoy. Ue appear in different parts of tho city in a toll hat and plays selections on&tiu; whistle. At Hexham (England) workhouse tramps are made to dot Id worth of work for tourpenayworth of food. In New South Wales relief workmen perform 7s Od worth of labor for 3j Cd. We will toon be as liko as possible to the dear old mothrr country. Tbe Minuter for Education refuses, "as a dangerous precedent," to kerb and gutter tho street and make the footpath in front of tbe Randwick Public School. If it had been tbe making of a four-mile rood ronnd the property of a colleague, the precedent would not bo at all dangerous. The Republican Union propose attempt ing to obtain the use of the vast King- street Amphitheatre for the holding of a mass meeting to protest against the virulent Imperialistic tone taken by those wbo planned tbe centenary ceremonies and festivities. Don't they wish they may get it. The "Smudgy" man say that, unfortu nately, all our Governments have been formed by Sydney or metropolitan men— I apeak of tne leaders, of coarse— and op from the country have come a lot of men who were as easy to mould a putty." quite to. and thus is tho ptaatlo majority that sit on the Government beaches ac counted for. Tbe Centennial Celebration Committee bare accepted Mr. J. Sheridan Moore's offer to write an account of tho festivities. Tho book will contain " an index, appen dices, and an ode." Tho writer says:— "I wish to impress on the commission that my work will not be reporting, but an his torical essay alter the style and manner ef the writer on the Isthmian and Olympian games in one of Knight's shilling volumes." What joy 1 From across the border there comes a significant little tale which may point a moral for ourselves. Six men, all stran gers to each other, sat down to dine at the same table In a certain country hotel. Juvt as the meal was over, the waitress csice to the door and said, " There is a gentleman in the bar who wants to see tbe inspector on particular business." In a second every one of the diner rose and rushed into the bar under the impression that be was the party wanted. Each as an inspector— the departments repre sented being the public works, education, police, mine, post office, and health— nnd. of course, all were travelling first-class, nod living on Ue fat of the land at the public expense. Tbe only circumstance wbich would prevent the above story from spplying to New South Wales is tbe . alacrity with which the inspectors left the Istle to attend to bushiest. 