Hamlet Hamlet, prince of Denmark, had a griev-; once. This grievance was caused by the death of his father, who according to Hamlet's idea, was'a man from the ground up; and one that you don't run across every day in the week, not even in Boston or Philadelphia.-' One day Hamlet heard of a'stray ghost, re sembling his father very much, prowling around at night, and as his father was in the habit of prowling around at night when he was alive, Hamlet came to the conclusion that this ghost must be his father's. Hamlet had a1 friend on the police force named Horatio, and as this ghost prowled around on Horatio's beat,! Hamlet laid for the ghoBt one night. . Horatio and Hamlet had a little conversation, and Hamlet had smoked a couple of cigarettes, when all of a sudden the ghost appeared on time. Hamlet was almost' frightened to death for some unknown reason. Probably he thought his father (the ghost) had seen ^ him smoking the cigarettes, and was going to give ~' * " filthy a lecture oa the bad effects of the filthy weed, and 'slam him against the fence, just as he did before he became a spook. However, the ghost said nothing about the cigarettes,'as he had more serious business in his mind,' so to speak. After ho had enticed Hamlet away from Horatio, he told him a tale that made each particular hair curdle in his veins, and his blood stand 'on end, and made him groan in a frightful manner. The ghost cleared his throat, and went on to tell how his own brother Claudius poured the juice of Hcbenon in bis ear one afternoon while he was gently snoozing in his own garden. This juice of Hebenon went through his system at & 2.10 gait, and when it pulled out at the grand stand, there was a dead king in Denmark. Claudius had won the race, but it was & mean thing for him to do. There is one redeeming feature in Claudius, and that is he evidently repented the ciuel deed he had committed, and thinking ho ought to suffer some for it, married the queen, andHlled his brother's place as weir as he could. « . . , ; After Hamlet heard the ghost's story he became very gloomy, and went around matter* ing. something about gardens that needed weeding, &c.; The consequence was that King Claudius smelt a mouse, and made up his mind to send Ham, as he was familiarly called, to. some foreign country for the first, little indis cretion he committed. He did not wait long, for Ham soon after killed an old idiot named Polonins, for which little pleasantry his uncle Claudius sent hiin to England. As Buffalo Bill was not in England at the timo of Ham's visit he did not care ti stay there long, and Claudius was surprised one morning at break fast to receive a little nolo from his nephew, saying he was back in Denmark " busted," and almost starved to death. . Besides all this trouble, Hamlet had a little family feud to settle, Laertes, tho son of Polonius, whom Ham had slain, was hunring for him aud talked about cutting his throat in a' church, stamping on him, and amusing himself generally at Ham's expense. (Editor's note: "VVo have made diligent research and find that the Tollivcrs, of Kentucky, arc descendants of Laertes.) Claudius became Laertes's business manager, and got Ham into a nice little bole by arrang ing a duet with swords between, him and Laertes. As Ham played the. treble he hod things his own way at the beginning, but in the finale, where it required good work by tlio bass performer, Laertes put Ham out of bis misery. All tho other parties implicated kill I each other, and the curtain descends while slow ! music fills the audience with anguish. Sifttnga. " T saw a pretty tiring in kid gloves lust evening," observed PHzpercy to his sister. " What was it?" "My best girl's hand." "Doi:s marriage change a man?" asks a writer. Depends on whom lie marries. Some women would make a man bald in six mouths. pHttoBOPHBBB tettius that we; should know one thing well. Among; the medical fraternity, however, it pays better to know many things ill. - ;; ''V " r 0'■ ; : " Advice," eays a philosopher, "should coma to as like a gentle fall of snow." Very true' j but we usually receive it as if it wore a shows? bath. i The five-act play is the favourite in New York just now, because it enables a man to go out four times to get a clove. • • Johnhie: " llamma, make Minnie put some e'lo'ne on my handkerchief, too." ■ Minnie: "No, mamma, it is full of holes and ain'tworth a scent." • ■ / '! •. A messenqeb boy brought a poem' to this offloe this morning entitled: " Why Do I Btill Live On?" It is an easy question to answer. Because you sent a messenger instead of coming yourself. ' ... Theee different waiters at a large hotel asked a professor ab dinner, in quick succession, if he would have soup. A little annoyed, ho said sarcastically to the last, "Is it oompul sory?" "No, sir;" answered the man, ;"I think it is mook turtle." , A TIPSY man should mend his sways, And go to shortening up his daze., "Bobby," whispered young Featherly, " what did your sister Clara say when the ser vant presented my card last evening?". Bobby considered, for a moment in order to get the exact words. Finally he got the matter straight. " She said: ' Oh, well, show it in.'" " Mith Thmitb," he asked, as he drew up his collar and adjusted his single eyeglass, " do you believe in the Darwinian theory, . be lieve that man is dethended from a monkey?" "No," she replied, surveying him from head to foot, " I believe the very reverse." A pinncpLAB old' gentleman, pulling'some thing out of his soup that should not have been included among the' other' ingredients, thus addressed the cook: "Josephine,;I-am much obliged for your tboughtfulness, , but next time kindly give it to me in'a locket''" Moket "talks "and money "tells,"' I. Yes—in money-syllables. ' A youko woman applied for charity' in Aus tin'not long since with a paper eontaining the following: "This unfortunate woman'/is the only daughter of an old "and ohildlegs fathbr, and she supports several young brothers by her work." r' " ' " '■•■■■■■• : •r-'.'.i I " Pa," inquired Bobby, who was reading the paper, "what is a stony glare ?V "It is the expression which comes over a mauls .face at ohurch," explained the old man, " wben;the contribution box is held before bim and he has neglected to provide himself with .10.'.cents, in change." ". .. ; •/ c.\ . THEgmngerwhotooklnacheque'::., r: . On a bank that had all gone to wreque ■. 1 "Was so whelmed with chagrin'.vn'e-.n '' ' That his barn be went in m " And lie hung himself up by; the necque. i-. - 