JRisnclIaiieous. Jnfrilipw. A discovery of human remains lias been made at Margate in a rather hnnnrkalile manner. A ninii was engaged , in -digging a hole in a field adjoining Trinity Church, when his pickaxe sud denly penetrated a cavity and fell from bin hand. He jwit managed to move when the earth gavo way and exhibited a large subterraneous chamber about 12 feet in height. Upon exami nation it was found to contain a number of hu man and other remains, and there is also a long underground passage, probably connecting the chamber with the seashore. Within TOO yard of the spot there are some very remarkable smugglers' caves, and there is little doubt that the present discovery is that of an obscure por tion of this retreat. 'When a man and a woman discuss the subject of matrimony, one seldom gets tiie better of the other. It usually results in a tie- A man may he a bad eggT but lie's all right till he's " broke." A. most iiappy contribution to the philosophy of dining was that by W. Gilbert:. " Itis-not what is on the table but what is on- the chairs that I consider." " Bb mine," be cried, with voice surcharged with anguish. "Jf you refuse me I shall die V That was 40 years ago, and the heartless girl re fused him. Yesterday he died. Girls beware. It is not true that Solomon got his reputation .for wisdom by his intelligent persistency in always letting the car window alone, even if the pretty girl in the seal in front did want open. No Foolishness About Him. — Aggie : " IIow did George propose to you 2" Nellie: "He rushed into the parlor the day after we had been introduced, flung 59,000 do!, worth of bonds in- my lap, kissed me eagerly seventeen times, and cried out : 'Darling, you must be raine.''' So I became his. 'I here is almost as muoli pathos as humor in the following story of 8 boy of tender years — Shortly after bis mother's death, with his father he visited her grave, being carried there by a horse which bad recently been bought by the father. The widower, standing apart, wae natur ally in a contemplative frame of mind, and the boy, when unable to stand the oppressive sil ence any 1 auger, lifted his childish voice in an interrogative tone, and said, " Ma, we've got » new horse.' A London correspondent states that, with only a few people knowing anything about it, Mr. Parnell lias far several years past beer, expend ing between £200 and £300 a year in searching for gold on hia estato at Avondale, County Wick- low, Ireland. Up to the present the discovery of the precious metal lias not been sufficient to recoup him for the outlay. However, Mr. Pai- nell keeps pegging away, because be says he is strongly cotiiinced that gold in paying quanti ties is to be found, not only on bis own estate, but in the adjacent mountains. Angelina (wife of Edwin lind her Bister, a lively Inssof 17, come to spend a few weeks with her. One night, as Angelina was sitting alone in the parlor at dusk, her sisteF passed down the stairs and along the unlighted hall . Angelina- thought it would-be a lovely idea to- give her sister a scare, and slipping out through the back parlor, flung her win round Alice's waist and administered a hearty squeeze. But her sister didn't scream, or faint, or anything. She. only said, " Don't, Ed win ! Angy is in the parlor, and I am sure she heard you lust night!" Alice is- not 6taying there now, and Edwin has slept on the parlor sofa for the last two nights. A uesident at Daylesford has a spaniel slut, who some time ago had live puppies. Close by was a hen sitting on a clutch of eggs, all of which were addled. The hen (a common barn- . - door fowl) Sliding her expectations balked in- reference to her own expected offspring, imme diately took possession of the puppies and caused the real mother to desert them, except that she gave them suck. Very amusing it is to see the heads of puppies popping out from under the shelter of the foster mother's wings, who calU them as she would chicks, and what is moro, the attachment between such unusual relations is mutual. The hen is very savage when the real mother DUtB in an annearanee. an siie is with anyone who conies near her would-be offspring. A year ago an extraordinary will was proved at Petb, whereby the testator, a physician named Goldberger de Biida, left half his fortune — about 250,000 florins — to accumulate for the benefit of posterity until the interest should suffice to relieve destitution universally. Ac cording to a calculation made hy the testator, his wishes might he cam'ed out when the capital represented 209,000,000 florins. The will is now contested by one of the legatees, and the case is to be tried next November, when claimants are expected from Loudon, the United States and Madrid. A thrilling balloon adventure occurred re- cently at ltockaway Island, which was witnessed by 10,000 people. An aeronaut named M'Ewan was sitting suspended to the balloon when the ft " parachute in which her intended to descend1 " ,;':V caught in the trees and wns torn away from the '' ".'-.ft- balloon. A cry of horror arose from the crowd as M'Ewan shot upwards witbont his parachut. His death was considered certain, as the balloon, which was inflated with hot air, rose to a dizzy height. It sailed in a northerly direction for nearly 2 miles, remained stationary for a few minutes, and then gradually descended as the hot air cooled. The aeronaut landed in a marsh, striking the ground violently en hia back, but was uninjured. He afterwards turned up at bis hotel covered with mud. AN elderly gentleman residing m the Rue Rochechouart, Paris, who was supposed to be dead, has suddenly come to life. lie hae a nep hew in Paris, who being duly- informed of bis demise on Sunday, repaired at once to the house with bis wife to keep watch over the mortal' remains of his uncle until they should be borne to their last resting place On Monday evening, as the lady was tired, her husband sent her to- the drawingroom to take some repose on a sofa, and a servant having placed some wine ami broth uii a table, lie threw himself into an arm chair in the bedroom, and soon went poundly to sleep. On awaking at 4 in the morning he found that the broth had disappeared, and that the bot tle of wine was half empty ! Becoming alarmed, he want to his wife in the drawingroom, roused her, and told her what bad happened. She re turned to the bedroom with him, but the pair bad hardly reached the door when they heard a noise. They paused on the threshold, and, to their consternation, a voice bade thein not to be afraid but to come in. The husband entered the room, but soon rushed out with Ins air standing on end. Ho had seen his uncle's ghost. The <1(1 man was sitting, enveloped in a sheet, on the side of his bed. The supposed corpse had the utino6t difficulty in getting his panic-striken relatives to understand that he was not' dead after all. Five hundred people congregated on August 22, near Deerness, Orkney, to witness the unveil ing of a monument erected to the memory of the Covenanters, who perished there on December 10, 1679, from the vessel Crown uf L.eiih, bound for Baroados. A bottle containing documents, newspapers, and coins was put in a recess closed in by a slab of Aberdeen . granite, bearing the following inscriptions : — " For Christ, His Crown and Covenant. Erected by public subscription " to the memory of 200 Covenanters who were V taken prisoners at Botliwell-bridge, and sen tenced to transportation for life, but wha perished by shipwreck near this spot oil the 10.tU of December 1676." From an American paper we learn that red hair is at premium just now in St. Louis, U.S.At owing to the intention of an auburntressed . beauty in the city to give a " symposium" to which none but those who can show a trace of "carrots" will he invited. In one respect the . - enlertniiiutent should be a feast of reason, foa? .'ft -ft/' all the guests will be well-read. - ' - . , ' ' ! 