The Tichborne Case. IN Omeo some years before "The Claimant" went to England, there lived a digger who went by the name of "Ballarat Harry." Dr. Fisher, now dead, was a man competent to judge, and he said that "Harry" was an educated man, and one who had been in good society, and that he spoke Latin and French correctly. Harry was very reticent, and would not tell anything of his past life, save when drunk, and then he would say that be tween him and a fortune there were some lives, but it might be that he would get his rights, and then he would remember his friends. At the same time and place there lived, and now lives, a man named "Tom Toke," a convicted felon. He had been tried for murder, but got clear, for want of evidence, Harry and Toke went prospecting, and Toke re turned alone. When asked where Harry was, he said that he. was coming, but Harry never came. A search party found Harry's hat on the bank of a mountain creek, now called "The Haunted Stream;" in the hat was a cut into which Toke's tomahawk fitted, He was arrested and tried for murdering the missing man. The trial lasted nine months, but Harry's body was never found. There are men living now who say they have seen Harry's ghost going over a precipice near where the hat was found; hence the name "Haunted Stream." Toke, when drunk, has been heard to say that when he died the Tichborne mystery would be known, and not till then. He has now ceased to drink, for the reason that he was afraid of confessing too much. He is now a very old man, and has been twice so ill that he did not think he could live till morning. When asked by the two men with him if he (Toke) murdered Harry he said that was best known, to himself and God. It is known that Tom Castro, " The Claim ant," knew Harry, and was very inimate with him. Toke he also knew. A man in Melbourne who knew them all found the money to take Castro to England, and Castro's failure ruined this man, a private detective. There are many other circum stances forgotten by the writer that make it probable that Harry was Sir Roger. Many of the old mountain men believe it. This is an old digger's story, by one who knew all the characters in this tragedy. Contributed to the Wagga Wagga Ad vertiser. 