NOTES UPON ADDITIONS TO MUSEUM. THE ENTOMOLOGIST'S DEPARTMENT. j Mr. Tepper has had some zealous j friends at work, and an immense number j of insects has been sent down. Unluckily i some of the most interesting and rare ! kinds have been uueu. "smashed" Buiauueu in iu trans- mission, I1UOOIUU, I think the best mode of send- I ing or packing would be in a mustard-tin, ' fruit or fish can, or something that will : bear a little pressure. Kill the insects first, either by wrapping them separately in a piece of psper and plunge them in boiling water for two minutes, or else by placing them in a close vessel with some { cyanide of potassium. Then put in ! layer of bran or sawdust, next a layer of ' insects, separated. Cover with a little j Eawdust or bran, and so on till the receptacle is filled. Cotton wool is a very bad packing for insects, because it gets entangled with their legs, &c.;, and breaks them into shreds. Zeuzera acacia; Is a large moth, closely related to that which devastates the ^ ^^ptsof ou^Parkktnds; b^nfi^ its attentions to wattles and allied species 0f planfe. It is much rarer than Z. , eucalypti, and not well represented in the Museum. Unfortunately the specimens sent were hopelessly mutilated and broken m transit on account of defective packing. ! Acropeza reticulata is a curious member j of^GrylUd., the males being gifted I with large and long wings, whilst the females are wingless, though provided ; with large wingcovers, which amply invest ; the bulky abdomen. When alarmed these j covers are raised suddenly, and then display the brilliantly red-and-blue banded body. As bright colours in the insect ; world usually denote inedibility, they serve as a warning to birds, «&c; , and thus ! protect the otherwise unarmed insect. ; The epecies extends at least aB far north 1 as Bundaleer, where it was taken many ! years ago, but appears to be very locaL I The large flies, resembling the common ones, bnt immensely larger, belong to the genus Rutilia, and comprise numerous species, some of which are adorned by brilliant metallic tints. The pupae resemble much- elongated eggs, are brown, and usually found an inch or two beneath the loose soil at the base of trees. The larvae, no doubt, live in the ground, but nothing definite is known of their habits, Liparis tristis (moth), presented by Mr. Pullman, Summerton, is one of the perfect forms of the processional caterpillars. While young these form by 8ph)Din BDinnine a Best-lik neat-like e web around aivmn^ them, H,«m 1 which they occupy by day, dispersing for f« fflina niohh V,nt r M,»» S mhi. I £ by ZTll ftUSS choked uobv Se^xudal and S S n TheShev „e auS tly gr^n to dispense S such belter, but congregate in larger and smAiler number in heaped up masses at tho foot or j D forks of trees ander bash or vithin tufts of grass. They are verv hairy and travef ^ W OI)e touching the other till strings, wheil they singly seek a mature, \- - - - nook. It would be very well if donors who kindly go through all the trouble of packing-up and dispatching specimens to the Museum would neither send them alive (except for very short distances) nor loose, or with cotton wool, for if several be put together alive they Weak each other all to pieces by their struggles; if dead and loose and dry, or getting dry, during transit they are shaken all to pieces, or at least badly broken, through the ordinary handling of mail matter. Cotton wool entangles the claws, &c;:, and thus they are broken off, and the specimen rendered comparatively valueless. The Gryllacris or tree-crickets include some of our most formidable insects, being gifted with rurtst efficient biting powers, though otherwise harmless for man, as they are predatious upon other insects. Some are about 2 inches long in body, furnished with still longer and very ample transparent and net-veined wings and threadlike antennae, exceeding the body two to four times in length, Tbey fly a^out at night, but seem alwaye to return to ihair selected Btation under some bat k during day. Mr. E. S A. Wiiiia, of Duwiiu^vule, sent a consiaciablo uuiubc-r of ii;eec?s, including some fifteen species of ParupsiB, whi-;h is a very large gi-nus of peculiarly Australian lady biro lika beetles, sotxie ivith brilliant but fading colours, but it lias not been eufiioieutly studied to sire the name with any. certainty. Among Ills others were tl,a fragments of a very in;greeting locust miaiiukinii thin twiga of certain shrubs, arid ot which (.lie Muasaut hii.3 uo good £peoii£i£-H. A number of beelike insect* were also received. There is no true bee among them likely to hybridize with the honeybee. Vi'^l'iy.tTKrils' DEriKXilENT. The Anlhi.zoa eneciinen sent in by Rev. t j ^ h ° W L ™ ^ft are called the fan-^, whi^h ratier commo 1 1 l " l our watert : oo There are soma very handsome species in X ort Lincoln Marljour. There is a large field for seme naturalists in describing the group Zoophj ta, as also in about a dozen other ditc-ctions connected with the auimal life cf the two gulfs of South Australia. In mentioning the ray (Urotophus testaceue) sent in by Dr. Wylde, tho first of the kiud that has been recorded for this locality, though known in ths eastern colonies, I am desired to state that the Museum is greatly in want of specimens of all rays and sharks taken in ourown watfcrs. Small specimens are better than large onea, unless new epecies. Of course by small specimens I do not mean such as are just born or from the ova. The jaws would be acceptable, taken from any kind, large or small, and of those that are too large to send a piece of the skin could be Eent. Whenever a jaw is taken out, a piece of the skin should be taken and tied up with it. Mr. B. Jagoe cent up the head of a fish, probably caught is, Indian waters. It is a relative of the humble herring, and is endowed with-a very, short upper jaw, which is compensated' by superior length in the under one. The teeth are long and snake-like in form. The Phyliopteryx foliatus is often called the seahorse by oar people, but that came really belongs to the Hippocampus—a much smaller animal. The Phyliopteryx foliatus of oar waters was lengthened in name by Count 3e Gntelnau, who added elongatus to it, because it was rather more slender than the varieties found near Tasmania and New Zealand. Another much larger species of Phyliopteryx, named eqous, exists in the deeper waters oat by the Wedge, Spitby, and other islands. A. specimen was caught near Edithburgh a few years-ago, and the catcher thought he would make a fortune from so strange a Museum WBB not rich enough to purchase so great a treasure, and. since then it has secured five specimens altogether. Four i of V these . D " were obtained "T 1 - a few days ? since , - dnraig a trawll n S- tri The anunal 1 P' about a foot or 15 inches in length, and profusely adorned with double streamers of blue, more like long blue ribbons than leaves. The carpet shack (Crossorhinus tentaculatus); sometimes called tiger shark, is said to be inoffensive, bat I had an experience once with a carpet shark about feet long which proved the contrary. It was beneath, a ledge of rock and as I stooped to pick up a shell the shark came forward to pick np my hand. Fortunately for me the space between the root of the ledge and the sand would not allow the shark to get its head high enough, nor could it turn on its side, It touched me upon the hand with its nose, and startled me severely. , Getting a boat I went back, and bad at lSaBt five minutes' close interview with ] his sharkship, during the best part of which time I engaged in a forcible argument with him cpon the impropriety of ! putting his nose where it was not wanted. ! The arguments were put very pointedly with the Bheer end of a 9-foot paddle or scull, bat notwithstanding they were directed at the most vulnerable part— namely, its nose—the shark ultimately j rushed , ,, off to ,„ the ... deeper , - , water. . I have . j . wiia snares ever since, a a £ormUlg a Shflrk Clab for i f^- H a ; e ® tr^cno p- . ! ^ - EobertB - s - - Dl ® meiu ? 8 P" (? rowtt snake) is very light in colour, and may. prove upon a close examination to be a new variety of this very common snake. Mr. J. R. Corp's Gymnodactylus Is the first of the species that has come in from Oulnina, though it seems to be common • nearly all over the colony. It was found j in a bucket beneath a joint of meat that was hanging up, but there is not the slightest reason for supposing that it was trying to get at the meat. The four eggs sent in by Mr. Reichsbeith are supposed to belong to the Yaranus or Lace Lizard, more often ' Sd ^ r a f e ^ ^Wter" olr : J j ^ t e S le wSTSroated | & or Varan of Southern Africa. Th| in queBti 0n are about 2 inchee : 1" bv ll in diameter white and of a leat B he^ <f onBiBtenoe. I haTO never before 1 seen J heard of the ora of ^ ]izaxd • being found, nor is at all certain that the I eggs no* pr^ed ^ Ao** of ou, . Varan, though it is probable, because wo " know of no other reptile large enough to produce eggs of that size. They are of the same diameter at each end. Mr. T. Dyke's AntennariuB, or Walking Fish, is one of a rather numerous family of extremely curious and comical fishes to be found in the warmer seas of this part of the world, Indian waters particularly. The pectoral fins aire unlike those of any other fish, because they have a kind of elbow joint iu them, and the fish looks as if Nature had provided it with armB aud hands. In swimming it appears to be paddling its course, and its head is a most comical one. One species found in St. Vincent Gulf, when Mr. Waterhouae so ably fulfilled the duty of Curator of our Museum, was named, by Count de Castlenau " Chironectes filamentosus"—I suppose after old Charon, who paddled the ghosts across the Styx. This fish is covered with filaments of grey colour, and has three curious appendages upon its head. There are threa small tubercles. One has a cresin the the next hw across, or X, attached ceDt upon it;, attached by a filament, n. same wlv and . the A thiS h ^, W "hb utin tt with f 2 I^T . upon ltj w . lth a J* 88 ® 1 «. the ottd i Th<5 Spedme ^ D ' aloD S ^ * S«at' returned to our Museum; ^ ^ ^ Waterhouse, resigned the lafeels and specimens got mixed up, lost,' or mislaid, and I have been unable to find them in the present collection of fishes, which is, however, exceedicely well kept by Kir. Zietz, and increasing in number and value" daily. A very doubtful zoological question has just been settled in Tasmania. It has been nitherto doubted if that island ever possessed a snake G feet long. A monBter 6 ft, 1 in. in length has jUBt been found however, and Tasmania is very proud of the discovery. Feeling that his death was near at hand, a Turk said to his wife, " Pac on your finest costume, the handsomest of your jewelB, your ~ mcst precious stones." "And why, my dear?" "Because, seeing yon BO beautiful, death might perhapB chcose to carry yoa off instead of me." . , Charles Lamb, says Moore, was sitting next - some chattering woman at dinner. Observing that he didn't attend to her," You doiTO • seem," said the lady, "to be at all the better - for what I have been saying to yon," "No. ma'am," he answered, " bat this gentleman at the other side of me must, for it all came in at one ear |tnd went oat at the other." An English solicitor who sued a steamboat Company^ that did not carry him to the illuminations at the Jubilee naval review has got damages out of it. It was very unfeeling of the counsel for the defendants to urge tn mitigation that BO old a man should havebeea engaged rather on his [knees saying Domintig est mea UhmimAio, than gadding about lo ee» MYftl Soffit 