CONFIRMATION AT ST. MARY'S. The sisters of mercy, no doubt, had a laboriosue task to prepare the several hundred children who kneeled before his Grac the Arohbiehop of Brisbane, on Sunday last, to receive the sacrament of con firmation. Of late, the grenade of -t. Bridget's Convent have been peopled with numerocs candi. dates, who caome from the town and the surrounding districts, to be instructed in the doctrine and the precepts of the Cbhorcb, a thorough knowledge of which is necessary before the sacrament is adminias. tcred. The final examination was conducted, on Friday and aturday, by Dr. Dunne. Shortlyafter the celebration of the 11 o'olock mass, when most of the congregation had vacated their seats, about 500 children and a few adults marched, in a long line, from the sbchool, the boys, wearing white gloves and souvenirmedals in satin bows attachedto theirbreasts, filing up the cave of the ch(ruh, and taking their seats on the epistle aide, while the girls, prettily attired in white, decorated with flowers and blue ribbons, followed, and filled the pews on the gospel, or opposite, side, Soon afterwards, his Grace Arbch bishop Dunce, wearing his rich canonicals, and attended by the Reva. A. Boran and M. Ryan, came on the altar, and, in a short address, explained the signi8fcance and importance of confirmation. The sacrament was, among other things, a ratification of the covenant entered into at the baptismal font-a covenant by which the children now agreed to be true' soldiera of Christ all the days of their lives. In confirmation they received the seven gifts of the Holy Ghost, were anointed with chrism, and sealed as members of the Church of God. Bis Grace then occupied the chair in the centre of the altar, an acolyte supporting his atsaff on his left, and the rev. gentlemen before-mentioned standing on either side of the venerable prelate, assisting in the ceremony. The girls then went on to altar in pairs, and, attended by Mrs. P. Landy, kneeled before the Archbishop, who administered the rite in the usual form,after which they returned pionsly to their seats. The boys were attended, on the altar, by Mr. C. Gorry, J.P. Owing to the attention of the nuns, confusion among the children, in their passage from the pews to the altar and back, was avoided. The ceremony, which was most imposing, occupied nearly two hours. Dr. DNNEg then gave an earnest address. They had now received the Holy Ghost, he said; but, in the words of St. Paul, they were destined to bear the treasure "in vessels of clay." The captain of a ship, having a valuable freight on board, dreaded the rocks, the sand-banks, and collisions with other vessels. If he navigated carelessly, he deserved to he punished; and so, likewise, they should be careful what course they followed in their passage through life. Idleness, bad company, and a neglect of God and their spiritnal daties were three dangers, or rocks, to which they were exposed; and which should be partioularly avoided. Idleness was the mother of all mischief-a?nd idleness was a habit the chil. dren would certainly acquire if the parents neglected to keep them at school. "eou have every reason to thank God," said he, "for living in the town of Ipswich, with such holy nuos and oealous priests. I don't think God could have given you a greater blessing than the care and devotion of these nuns. The more you consider it, the more you realise it. A man in a little country town, where there is a convent, recently said to me, 'The nons are worth to me £30 or £40 for the education of each of my children ;' but [ replied that they were worth ten times as mueb for the lessons of industry and morality they inculcated." By all means, parents should keep their hobildren regularly at school, where the youngest as well as the other children were continually engaged in occupations agreeable to their ages, while the interest of the school-house extended iuto the home, and regulated their actions. Within the speaker'e hearing. a lad, in Toowoomba, had said that he wished all the schools in the colony were buret to the ground, and all the teachers killed. But what had become of him? Before he was five.and.twenty years of age, he was imprisoned in St. Helenaon three different occasions I A person must live on his own work or on the work of others. Many a poor Irishman had said to him, " Father Dunne, I might have been as well off as others, could [ but reed and write. But I cannot read my prayser-book, nor a letter; for my father was a drunkard, and he reared me like an animal." And many Irishmen working on the railways would have been promoted could they but read and write. As on the previous ocoasion when his Grace ad dredsed an Ipswich audience, he urged the parents to bind their children to trades smted to their inclinations immediately they left the seminary. A younsg horse could not appreciate the harnsess at first, he said, and so it was with boyo on eutering the workshop. But they ohould be kept at it. Their girls should also nter on some useiful occupa tion-suoch as achool- teschiug-and they should strictly avoid idleness. Bad compauione, bad book, and places of amusement comnposed the next rock on which they might strike. The child poisoned by bad asaeociationes became the chill of the poor motbher's heart. The mother's heart felt the pang caused by her rebellious child till sho entered the grave. The amusements that necessitated thelir stopping out at nights should be shunned. Thlough these so many fell. But, in whatever course they travelled, they should never lose sight of their religi e. The grandest scene in the life of Christ was where He stretched His arms on the cross to receive everyone who came to Rim; and they should remvmber that they had no friend in heaven and earth like their Redeemer. His Grace, following the course begun by the late Archbisabop Polding, of Sydney,and prsctioed also by Dr. O'Quino, gave the children thle plelge to alstain fronm pirituous liquors, unless on special oceabione, till they rtached the age of twentytive. The ceremony then terminated. In the evening the choreh wsa crowded. The large gold ciborum, used only on special oonasions, was placed on the altar, which was glittering. The Ai hebishop conducted the rosary. When this anthem had been recited,his Graceasoeuded thealtar, and, taking for his Eubject the parables spoken by Christ to the chief priests and pharisees, as related in the 22nd chapter of St. Matthew, from the 2nd verse to the 14th, he preached an eloquent sermon. His Grace,in the course of hie addresnatter fully cim meeting on nany features of the parable, referred to the feast as the supper of man-the last me.al of the day-" when the light of the earth is setting upon ne'--an the ",Cidecmer ctme to the d'lath-bed whert Io was to get the noul He had purchased on Calvery-the lost shoop-free from the stain of sin, or clothed in a wedding garment. Yet lie found it with nothing on but its working clothLc-clothes saturated with impurities "'Then God chal. longes him," vaid the preacher, "and how fo?l of meaning is that challenge-' Oh, friend I how caneet thouinhither,nothavingon n wnddinggarment?'What have you done with the white robe I gave you at the baptismal font, and how often have I cleansed it with my sacraments ? Ho v have you trampled on Christ, and made a mockery of Him ?" But he was silent. This is the awful .ioment when the athiest trembles and the druukard's excuse is nilencil i How suddenly our gay chatter and laughter is silouced when in the face of a terrihle reality. And so the sinner before the face of Christ was dumb he could no longer utter an apolnogy. Like in aship wreck, when t.he passeng, re' gaicty was turned into a deadly stillness, or as at the recent great fire in Brisbane, when the cro?wd stood aghast at the calamity, one could have heard a pin fall. Then came the sentence : "Bind Hie hands and feet, cud cast him into the exterior darkness: there shall !ie weeping and gnashing of teeth." The feet re presented the means the man's soul had of cominng to God, and the hands of working out its ael'a:ion, the end had come, and there was no furthell t.us bility. Mary Magdalene had her chance, and she availed herself of it: Judas had his chbance, but he lost it. If man was merely excluded from the face of God, it was bad enough. But, no, he was cast intoexteriordarkness-deprived of earthly pleasures. 'le would see the glory of God, but he would nevsr taste of it. He was cast into a darkness greater thin that which surrounded St. Peter in his prison, or greater than that in which some of their noblest countrymen Suffered at the present time. It was: darkness outside of God-a darkness like thatwlhiP covered the earth at the crucifixion. "And lh.# shall be weeping and gnashing of teeth"-weeping for the God they had lost; and gnashing their teeth in the contemplation of their foolishness-in con sidering that they were the children of Christiansi. end brought up in the boosom of tsre Church. They had obtained a glimpse of the glory of God-a glorly which they could never enjoy. for St. Ligoria had related that, when a priest was trying to comfort a dying sinner, he ex claimed, "I realise the beauty of heaven, but therr is none of it for mo." The parables were spken t:, the multitudes, spoken for the enliqbhtenment of all men. They should make a resolution that their place at the banquet-table should not be occupied by others and that they would escape the terrible sen tence: "Bind his hands and feet, and cast him into exterior darkness." What would be the lot of those children whom he had confirmed that day? 'If thie persevered on the path of righteousness, God wolld send His messengers to protect them, and, b.y-and bye, when the banquet was spread, and Jeaus and Mary sit at the head, they could gaze into the ethereal hall, and see their Redeemer calling them to their allotted positions at the table, which was a blessing he wished them all that night. The choir then chanted the litany of the Blessed Virgin, and other hymns, after which the veapers terminated with the benediction of the blessed sacrament. 