THE1 SAVLATION ARMY. * . To he litor of the Queenrland TiWmes .SBa,-You will have observed that, aitoe th-a appearance in your valuable piper of my remarks on the Salvation Army, "A Protestant" and " Orange 4ihtd".'av tried 'to blow my 'light out, or to cover both ight siad trith under a busheL But, s we eanqot have too munchlight, air, yon would not like to see me cut to pieces ll at once, and will, there tife, gkhrn the'ag?An spae for'my remarks.' "'I Oinut cotses £ w4t gr'e?ay 'urprised at the re hdlis n'tod' ,to 'my letter. 1 stated facts, and ex leted then totbe contradioted by faots. I stated aiatltheibereft o. iommoad in Holy Scriptare to .atrantutneinoiseof the Salvation Army, whereby peopte,ronng, .orsokaor otherwise, who have to live .ear thole~aods or places regularly visited by the atycaio Army and .thei bhad, ae annoyed and ~,enentd.r.I expeteld sboh.a -peasage would be i?noo, batin. atead ot thiu, the rephe point oit tLbeood the Balvation Army i doing, and the-many IdenAd supporter it has, I But that good done -sa?ebtlt?tkieaaee it s cotnterbalaeod, to a great eSntby?e, t e;ieel attending or following it, My ne?aetfl obsrvations teach me that the Salva. tiOArumy iaboastingsoo much on n their uplifting ot alleRibsaaity, &o.;: 'I Godd that a large majority of th?effioer end 'nimembers of the Army have been ?eeheu, Lthe:diffcrntr, eapecially the Dissenting, -horoehm,.*lsre 'tL bare protessed to their con. iereiadloag before thealtaetion Army we at work. Ion nt ases thegood seed ha been sown by Church minters&id; lbdaysohool teaobere, parents, relatives, riods,-t eighboute, or other Ctistiana. Go over -ieiliatotlyor nearest corpe, see in what conneo lion the respective officers have been before the Army opened, and I bave not the slightest doubt e seelt .yoe come to will bear oat what I state. There couida lot more beeaidon this poit, but I .instihr'y ,.. ,, , ... S'"Ora? man"' efer to Daniel and his friends, to tlbr'tht sotffered at the stake, &. ; but all their •t0tioL' wsre supported by clear' commands of "od, ?id not hurtio to anyone. M Here is the differ noe A man m? !btoome a mrtyrfor hinown folly, or for obeying the oommands and rules of fallible AdaiDfl pea,, .and then bhe haa no olaims on the ympathy of other . R'Tbe other argumenator the Army, brought on by 'B'A-rotestent," is the many friends and admirers rrupporters :the Army ha all over the world. ont,' sslly, is the approval of those learned and venerable men, the hondreds of ministers of the ospel, ioanous, bishops, and the thousands of Chrtitane 'A Proteatant" spealk of, a proof that the. doctrine, rtes, and practices of the Salvation Army are right I if the favour of the people is the Atandard, amaitter has to be judged by and the verdict formed; then, what chance is there tor the 'delaratson of suth, or of the Gospel even ? Cannot heerrors of cPrtestantiem be proved in the same way anidabythes meetandiard? '"ly 'eobid 'aitiement was to the effeot that no prtohbwho pledges or ewears to obey all orders and intraotionb, 'bf another sinful and fallible fellow creatore, to aaaist him or her in everything-in faot, t"hblind,?bnobnditioit- obedience in temporal and pirital .mitten-ought to be called a hero, or to bq",dfnireds a snob. By referring to General ytb jrioned iatrnuctions, I proved that the .'nion'Ariny deniande of their officers to give ALZa PledgSg, and thus sacrifoe their personal libpett.oli onscience and reaso:; and I maintain at .aide before-"No man has a right to lower '4ioelf, ora woman herself, for anybody else to that 4tle..ot .,snbjeotion, and is against the Apostle Ps0al'a Jjanoatod , slt Cor., vii., *24-"Be not ye the rynat4,of. nen ;" and Gal., v., 1-" Be not en saonld ,gain. with the yoke of bondage." Both :Peoteatat'" annd " Orngeman" are silent on this oint, although it ii a rule which shakes the whole fuendatroono religions liberty, for which precious ihberty.o many asffered at the stake, as "Orange WP'" qalte trily remarks. SWith tregard to the "' Seret Book," "A'Protes Hant! says it islor sale to the public, te. If this is q? woiw O idbobligee m by getting a dozen for me II tried hard to get one, and have not eucceeded yet. I am willing to allow him a good profit; but, if ie canpot obtain them, willh be bkind enough to *tot so, and the. reason why Bt I mean the bpok he refers to- not that new book, which looks like i counterfeit of the original of 1881. That new e6it: UokýBls entitled "The Dootrines of the Sal vation Atmy; peparedl ortheTraining Homes by the teneral., It does not give the disipline, but pro. t4nds togive the dootrines. It pretends, I say, be cause you tookin vain for scoton 26, which containa General Booth's teaching on baptism and the Lord's Supper. What has become of that section I Is the Gentral aehamed. of it, or has he changed his views I J praotice, he has not; nor have I ever seenn a acknowledgment of his error. It is especially thatdootrine I have to fall back on in orderto prove that, otwithstanding that thousands of othenblavejnvetigated the Army teachings, and testiy that theyareaimnd(as 'A Protestant" says), their doctrine is antagonistio to Christ's and His Apostles' teachings. .It is also opposed to the eachings anf ractice of all the Christian Churches, In section ;'2 of the oigi nal "Secret Biok," the (General teiaiha :-?" Bptism is decidedly not a duty that must be performed; the duty of baptism by water was' neverintended to be binding on ooi prastioS and eonsienoes ; no more so than ciroum. ciasion, shaviog theh'ad, washing the feet of the saints, and many'other Jewish ceremonies were." Bft' Sod,. in Acts x., that the Apostle Peter com. i landed'Cornelius and those with him who had re ceived the Holy Ghost to be haptisee, and men tioned even water. Who is right, Bt. Peter or Booth? Indeed, it requires a great deal of inconsistency fto a Proteslaat to follow the Salvation Arimy, and to endorse theirdootrine and discipline. At last Ieome to defend my statement that the spirit of the Salvation Army is a spirit of ignorance. You, Mr. Editor, for one, I am sure, will agree with me when I say that the advice the Army gives on reading, in section 35-" It is better not to read secular (that is. ordinary) newspapere"-doee not.tend.to promote knowledge and underetanding. The reading of the War (ry and other Army puhit. cations only will not forthler tolerance and intelli gence, but rather the revere ; and surely the editor of the CYar COy would not insert this rpistle, and people had no chance of getting enlightened by LIGHT AND TRUTH. P.8.-In the congrees supplement of the War Cry, of Melbourne, dated September 16th, the " Lecret Book ; or Doctrines and Disciplines of the Salvation Army," is advertised for sale; price OG. This heows it is in force yet, and can be got in Mel bourne. L AND T. (The above letter was written previous to the pub lication of the one in our last issue, signed " A Lover of ?reed m.". -RD. Q.T.] 