HAUNTED BY AN INJTIAL I was christened Paul Grover. The pat ronymic was an inheritance from reputable ancestors, the prenomen a concession to my paternal grandsire, who oscillating between profanity and piety, had swung to the latter extreme at the date of my nativity, and in sisted on naming ie after the great apostle. I have never ft.; any disposition to quarrel with my venerable progenitor on account of his action. Paul is a good enough name, and I am more than satisfied with it when I consider what he might have called me had I been born when the pendulum was at the other extreme. But my mother, like all solicitous women, dreaded to think of her first-born starting out in life in light marching order, so she handicapped me with a superfluous name. And of all the names in the world, what do you suppose it was ' Ivanhoe. Paul Ivan hoe Grover. Is it necessary to state that she was of a sentimental cast, or that Sir Walter's heroes were the objects of her adoration ? I have no disposition to quarrel with her, either; she might have named me Osbaldistone, During infancy, while I basked in the blaze of motherhood, Paul was a suppressed title The chimes of maternal fondness rang out in maternal changes from ' Ivy" to 'Vanny,' and from 'Vanny' to 'Hoey,' though at times I was treated to a syntactic symphony of those diminutives, as ''Et 'er kiss 'e pooty toe Of mammy's Ivy-Vanny-hoe.' But when the cruel years had done their! work, and the fond arms unclasped them selves from the boy, no loiger her baby, to let him go forth in the majesty of a jacket and hoots to his first encounter with the world, my mother grew covetous or distrust ful of the pet name. With all the solemnity, if not the ceremonials, with which the an eients conferred arms upon their stripling sons, she confided to me that my real name was Paul. So as Paul I entered the lists. But the tones of maternal endearment had echoed beyond the nursery. My playmates were aware of my intercalary name. They re sented the attempt to foist Paul upon them as an imposition; they declined to accept Ivanhoe, as a whole or in its subdivisions; but with the full malignity of youth, they scanned my full title-Paul Ivanhoe Grover -and discovering the initidis to be suscep tible, of that coustruction, they nicnamed me 'Pig.' If the roll of lapsed experiences is ever called over again, the ghost of one wretched boyhood will be heard answering to the name of Pig Grover. The temporary indignity passed away, but the servility still adhered to me ; until man hood I reverently wrote my name 'Paul I. Grover.' " Then an awakening came. Wbv, I thought, should I burden myself longer with this miserable initial 1 It was given to me fortuitously, and has brought me nothing but humiliation and tears. My mother, be holding my childish misery, repented in sackcloth that she ever bestowed it upon: me; noceremony sanctified it, no record legalised it. I will cast it away forever. Henceforth I will he only, and will subscribe myself, simply, Paul Grover. And so I wrote it; but most of my cor respondents ignored the elimination, and continued to address me as Paul I. Grover. There is nothing so annoying as to be baffled in a cherished purpose. I had set my heart upon eradicating the redundant appellation from my life, but it rose before me constantly like a vengeful apparition. The sight of the obstinate initial at length so exasperated me that I prepared an encyclical letter in which I informed all whom it might concern that I my name was Paul Grover, and nothing else; Sthat there was no baptismal warrant for thrusting upon meany other title, and least of I all personal prononn I (by which I was stig matised with gratuitous unanimity), as I I never had any middle name of which it was Sindicative, and was personally so destitute of i egotism as to render it absurdly inapplicable Sto me. My manifesto had the desired effect. It laid thre ghost as effectually as the cus tomary holy rites could have done. I trium Sphantly subscribed mysalf Paul Grover; no sign of the murdered initial came-back to me from any lirection. SGlancing carelessly through the columns of a morning paper I came across the follow ing advertisement : 'If Paul I. Grover will communicate:vith Jordan, Setchel and Howe, attorneys-at-law, 3113 D street, he will hear of something to his advantage.' There was no doubt in my mind but that I was the person designated; but there was a doubt as to what was advisable to be done. After having ceremoniously abjured one de spised initial, should I confess it before the world, simply because it held out to me a promiseof advantage ? It would be a recan tation so base 1 felt 1 never could stoop to it. But, on the other hand, had I a right to revolt against the eternal -law of compensa tion? I wvasjustly entitled to reparation for the suffering the detested initial had caused me, and here at last might be my full indem nity. Could I, in duty to myself, r.eelt the proffered atonement for the sake of a mere prejudice ? With characteristie indecision, I was three days coming to a conclusion, IMr Jordan was just bowing a gentleman out when I entered the office. 'The papers will be ready to-morrow, Mr Grover, call at two,' he said. [ thought he addressed me and wondered why he should thus plunge headlong into business before I had even introduced my self ; but, looking up at his bland face, 1 saw he was speaking to the other individual. The identity of names caused me to examine the latter with some interest as he passed out of the door. He was about thirty-five, gaunt and sandy. I did not like his looks. 'Now, sir, I am at your service,' said Mr Jordan, confronting me. 'You advertised for Paul I. Grover to call at your office; that is my name,' I made answer. Mr Jordan gave a little start, which was suggestive that it might have been a larger start if there had not been a ratchet in him somewhere that stopped and balanced him at a proper poise. He made an inarticulate ex clamation---a qualified snort-- passed his hand aimlessly over his smooth chin, looked at me scrutinisingly, seated himself, and con tinued to gaze at me steadfastly. 'This is extraordinary-most extraordi nary,' he said, at length; ' the gentleman who just went out is Paul I. Grover, also.' 'Is it possible ' c ' It is a fact.' 'He came three days ago, proved his iden tity, and the business is already far advanced 1 toward settlement.' 'May I inquire the nature of the busi- I ness ? ' Certainly, there is no secrecy about it. A client of ours, who has lived the greater part of his life in the West Indies, is re cently deceased. He leaves the bulk of his estate to an only daughter; but he has also bequeathed fifty thousand dollars to Paul I. 1 Grover, of New York, in order to place him in such a position of independence that he can marry the daughter without any imputa tion of mercenary motives, though the, be quest is unconditional, and in no wise de pendent upon said marriage.'. 'Might I presume to inquire the name of your late client ? 'Yes, sir; Thomas Wackleford. ' The name is very familiar to me ; he was a revered friend of my mother. In fact- without designing to obtrude my confidence upon you-I believe an engagement existed between them at one time, but from some mischance it was broken off.' Mr Jordan gave another start, but the ratchet caught before it became noticeably manifest. Hestroked his chin thoughtfully. rose and paced the room, puasing at differ ent standpoints to gaze into. vacancy, as if endeavouring to obtain a parallax by which to measure the dimensions of some iemote contingency. ' I foresee serious complication in this matter,' he finally said. 'There is nothing in the will to distinguish the rightful legatee beyond the worde ' Paul I. Grover, of New York.' The other Mr Grover has established an indubitable claim .to that title; I doubt not but you are able to do the same; then will come the battle of the names. The out look is a promising one from a professional standpoint. You had better secure counsel immediately, Mr Grover: ' Is Miss Wackleford still in the West Indies ' S'No; she is stopping at present with a distant relative in the city.' ' Will you oblige me with her address ? I feel it a duty to call on her, entirely apart from the matter of the will. He gave me the address, and I bade him good-day. . As I turned to go, he said 'It might be well enough, Mr Grover, to let me know where a line would reach you in the event we should wish to communicate with you.' I handed him my card: He glanced at is and made a feint, but the ratchet caught before it developed into a fUll start. . ' I observe that your name upon this card reads simply Paul Grover,' he remarked rather dryly. ' Yes, I orcinarily put it that way for brevity's sake; but my full name is Paul ] Grover-or, I should say, rather, Paul Ivan hoe Grover.' ' Doubtless, 'doubtless,' he responded; .but it is inconvenient to say the least, to have your card misprinted when you desire to prove your identity.' The tradition of the pre-historie engage ment between our parents was known to Miss Wackleford as well as to myself. I called upon her in due course. By Jove-if it be permissible for an ortho (dox man to take even a pagan oath-by Jove'! she was a magnificent creature tall, lithe, animate-her feafa ures a field of snow swept athwart by swathes of night, and Sher eyes blazing with a brilliance they must Shave caught from a sun at the equator. She never stopped to look or think if the almighty and indespensible I was on my card or not. She knew me by intuition ; and the whirlwind in her nature, that levelled every thing else before it, swept the inheritance and our love at first sight, and the final union, in one great, revolting indistinguish Sable mass, onward to a happy conclusion. I sought an opportunity, when I had meas urably disengaged myself from the lovely cyclone to remark ' I append some difficulty in establishing my rights; another claimant.has forestalled ime.' SI was watching her intently, to see if my words aroused any doubt on her part, SDoubt ? There went a flash out of her eyes Swhich would have consumed any object it Shad encorntered like the blast from a com pound blow-pipe. E' Who has dared to thrust himself between us ' she exclaimed. 'I know nothing more,'I answered, 'than Sthat I called at your lawyers, Jordan, Set chel and Howe, yesterday, and was informed Sthan an individual calling himself Pul I. Grover had proved his identity, and that a Ssettlement of the bequeat was already in an , advanced state, 'The impostor. He must be dealt with summarily.' • 'Unfortunately I have placed myselfina a rather equivocal position. For reasons not Sworth explaining now, I have far some years,. Sdrepped my middle name, and it may not be San altogether easy.thing t., re-establish it.' 'What difference r she said, with one of/ Sher absolute gestures-'I know you to be the Mr Grover for whom my father intended Sthe legacy and myself. My voice will be listened to in this affair. The suit, should there be one, is mine both by right and feel ing-not yours. Give yourself no further concern about it.' There was an implication in her tone and manner that she thought me too weak to fight the suit, which I resented with the petulance of weakness. 'Oh, never mind,' I stammered; 'the thing isn't worth troubling yourself about.' 'Do you mean,' she said, sweeping down upon me in one of her hurricane moods, ' that I am not worth your trouble V 'I beg pardon, Miss Wackletord; I was alluding to the suit."' 'But I'm alluding to myself; doyou ob ject to me ' 'No; on the contrary, I like you; but you rather confuse and awe me.' ' Then you poor, timid child, we will fight this thing to the bitter end. I will stand in your stead throughout the whole af'air.' The case of Grover v. Grover, in re Wackleford deceased,' is one of the cele brated causes of the Surrogate Court of New York. I was the plaintiff. I established conclusively that I was Paul Grover-- there was a baptismal registrar to that extent; but when it came to proving my middle name, the evidence was only inferential. My parents-long deceased-eould not testify to the fact of bestowing it upon, me;. and old nurse, whom we fished oat of obscure recess, swore she had. always heard me called Ivy or Vanay, or Hoey, but admitted, on cross-ex amination, she never had the faintest idea what it all meant; and a former schoolmate deposed that I had been familiarly knownr in my boyhood as Pig Grover, but was forced to confess, under cross fire, that the epithet was conferred upon me without any rational motive, so far as he knew. In short we were compelled to rely on the fact that for some years I had used- an initial in. my signature: as our most material proof. The defendant proved his name fully. By the church record and by the blazon of his. whole life he was entitled. to be called Paul 1\. Glover. His middle name was Irving. I pardoned it, as less. romantic and., distin guished than mine; but maintained an un abated hatred towards its owner; After establishing incontestibly the false claimant's identity, the defence got in their most cruel blow upon me. They produced a copy of my encyclical letter. My own disinterested and deliberate statement rose up in evidence against me. and was received as conclusive; the case was decided' against. me; but by the only stroke of good luck in tIe whole affair, I managed to escapeindict ment for perjury. 'Well, they have got the fifty thousand, but they haven't got me,' was Miss Wackle ford's consolatory. remark at ire conclusion: of the trial. 'No, it might be worse even than what it is,' I acceded. 'May I ask you if you have any intention. of prosecuting your clgimi too the residue of my father's bequest ' ' I'm not quite sure, Miss Wackleford, that I fully comprehend you' 'The fifty thousandl,.you, know,. was simply intended- to place you in a position of com parative independence ; I and my fortune were considered the' principal legacy.' ' I fear I have so demeaned myself'ie. en deavouring to-prove my identity in. the trial just over that success..in the other- cause would be quite as hopeless' ' Now, don't be awkward, and- make re marks that ieflect upon me.. We fought. that case together, recollect. But the other suit hasn't to be tried before any stupid' magistrate or jury. I myself am to- be the. judge of the law and- the-factor in the case. Just institute the proper proceeding, antd see how quickly you. will get a favorable ver dict. i ' May I, then, Diana, indeed hope' ' Hope, indeed.! as if there was ever- a time. you couldn't have had me for the asking. SBut only on one solemn condition,. Paul.' 'Name i T. ' That you, resume the name- to. which the court has decided you. have no title.' ' I should, think you. would loathe it by this time.? 'On the contrary, I adore- it.. I hav' worshipped it all my life. I reverenccd your mother for conferring upon you. such. \- a charm. it filled mwy girlhood witlh. roman tic dreams of you before we ever met I Ivanhoe! Paul Ivanhoe! consider the por sibilities of. it. Paul I., that is Paul First;. Paul IV. is Paul Fourth ;. Paul Y., Paul Fifth. You will ble quite a, dynasty simply by virtue of your own title. Then, Ivan is: Sclaranic for Jolhn ;. and Paul John is equiv I alent to John Paul John, which will make you a namesake of Jean Paul Pichter. Really 1 cannot stop now to thinkof every, thing embraced in it; but itsa royal name; I and its potentialities will stretch on to in Sfinity, I'm sure? " The typhoon was- beginning to. rise; E: knew that I must finally be whirled -before it Slike chaff, soI hastened.to surrender uncon ditionally, ' You may lix it as.you, please; Diana.' ' Then order cards at once for Mr and Mrs P. Ivanhoe Grover.' And thus the name is written, both male and female, until this-day. First youtig person (reading from cata, k cgue)-' No. 49. Women of the- Stone Age. Second young person--' Why, they 1did?'t wear any clothes !' Third young t person-' Poor things l Whatever did they have to talk aboatV No one can realise how much money there is in the world until he reads the as sets of insurance companies printed on the backs of-the circulars. "Don't you dance at all this evening, madamn N?ot till midnight. ' Why so t ' because to-day is the anniversary of my, hushband's death." Tenor-' Sir, this music is a trifle too high.for me.' Manager-- Let as- take it a note lower.' Tenor-' Oh, half a. note wouldcdo. Manager (solemnly)-' Here, sir, we never do things by halves. Whateley once startled his listeners by asking: 'f the devil lost his tail, where would he go to find anew one ?' and without waiting for anyone to guess, replied. :.' To ;a gin palace, for bad spirits are retailed. i there. I Some one has invented a new style of i boy's trousers which is highly recommended, 1 They have a copper seat and sheat-iron. Sknees, are riveted down in tmhe seams, and r have water- proof pockets to hold broken eggs. S Saome thinks a woman doesn't know, of course, but one of them isn't .worth that. she thinks of another woman. 'If I cannot have the fat of the land. I can have a little of the lean,' said a. philosophysictal tramp, as he leaned against a lamp-post. iAnd thecountry would blossom like a rose,' said an agricultural orator. 'It 'd Sbetter blossom as a cabbage,' said an old farmer. ' I never could see any profit in \- them air roses.' Some malicious persons assert that the ' letters 'M DI,' which are placed after phy sicians ' names, mean ' Money Down.' b A brand new precious stone has been dis a covered by Prof. Hidden,and named after him. But are not most gems Hidden 1 The man who moves down life's path and Sfinds it strewn with sweet surprises is he I who knows just how it's done, who keeps a r store and advertises. 