Within an Ace A hot summer's day was drawing to its close, and the sultry, stagnant air'was stirred with the faintest possiole.breeze, as I sat on the Rhine Quay at Cologno, waiting for the arrival of .the steamer for' Rotterdam. Not that I was going to Rotterdani, but to Dord recht, a quaint, old, Netherlandish town, where I expected to join my mother and sisters The latter had been sketching all the summer among the old towns of Holland;' she has an enthusiasm for the Dutch school, an enthusiasm that is hardly shared by her brother, who had deserted the sketching party and taken a line of his own, leading up the Rhine and through the recesses of the Black Forest. The Rhine boat was late, hours late-a thing I had no reason to grumble at, for my. train had also been an hour or two late, and had the boat been punctual I should have missed it. And there was no hardship in waiting.; There was the Rhino in front, broad and mijestio, with its strong, impetuotis currbnt and swirling eddie., while gay Dutch barges floated down or were anchored in the stream, mixed up with huge timber rafts; and great, noisy tugs laboured up against the stream, with long strings of barges in their train. There, too, was the bridge of boats, its dark, undulating line running from shore to shore, and beyond the bridge long reaches of the river stretched out to the low horizon in a doubtful kind of huze. Out of the haze every now and then came a steamer with glittering lights, hooiung and whistling on its way, and then the bridge of boats would part in the middle, and the steamer come panting down. But not the right one.: Darkness came on, lights glittered everywhere on the stream, stars glimmered through the soft'haze, but still no Rhine boat. 'Hitherto I had been the only passenger. waiting on the quay, but now two ladies appeared, attended by an old, grizzled ser vant who carried their baggage-only one light portmanteau. As-urod that they were still in time for the boat, the travellers seated themselves on the saume pile of paeckinc, cases, where I had already found a a.;.. fortable nook, and dismisesed their attend ant, who saluted them respectfully' and departed. But the man, as he passed me, gave me a strange, searching glance, that seemed full of covert hostility. I met his glance with.a smile that was perhaps a little supercilious, for the man seemned to be lashed into a rage, and he half turned toward me, but thinking better of his purpose, what ever it might have been, alunk away, muttering and probably cursing under his breath. Then I looked curiously at' the, ladies, who had been attended by this.oross grained fellow. They were mother and daughter, no doubt. The elder woman' had a handsome, clover face, which time and probably trouble had rendered stern 'and worn. The daughter resembled the mother,. shlie was strikingly handsome, but there was a worn and sorrowful look in her face, and her beautiful dark-grai eyes seemed charged with unshed tears. Before long I felt myself in turn the subject of the elder lady's scrutiny, and, strange to say, my appearance excited the same antipathy as with the serving man. A stern, indignant glance was hurled in my direction, and then the mother turned to her daiughter with a few earnest words. The girl' started violently and our eyes mot. Never shall I forget that lookl; the love, reproach, despair that shone in those beautiful eyes, theo magnetio influence of which seemed' to penetrate my very soul. Still it was so evident that here was a case of mistaken identity, for the ladies: were ab-? solute strangers to me, that I' determnined to clear up the matter, and rising and saluting the pair, I made some commonplaooce remark in French to the effect that the boat was very late. The sound of. my voice, or perhaps the English ac,sent of my French, seemed to break the spell of some delusion. The elder lady replied quickly with a smile, and in excellent English; "dAL, you are English after all; we thought we recog nised 'a compatriot, formerly known to us.. The likeness is remarkable, is it not, Olga ?" turning to her daughter. The girl replied with a simple gesture of assent, as if she' could not irust herself to speck. Her face bad lost the glow, of exuitcntnt, arid had relapsed into its former pathetic calm. The lce was broken. I was soon engaged in an animated conversation with the celderlady, and the daughter was occasionally drawn to join the talk. They were evidently cultivated people, excellent linguists and acquainted with general European literature. Iun their sooioty,time flew so rapidly that it was some thing of a surprise when our boat actually drew up to the quay, just as the, midnight hear was tolled out from the great Domkirche, and echoed from all around. The steamer n-as crammed with fruit baskets, piled high above the deck, leaving hardly standing-room for pasesengers, of whom, however, there were very few. Carry ing the light portmanteau of my companions, as well as my own, I led the way to the fore part of the vessel, where a spaceao hd been kopt clear of fruit baskets. Thu night was calm and genial, and we agreed that it would be totter to camp out on deck than to dsecotnd into the saloon, atd, arranging rugs and shawls, camp-stools and portmntenauo, we settled ourselves comfortably to continue our talk. Soon tho boat wase on the move, and we passed awayfrorn the twinkling lights of the city, and from the roar and rattle of the trains on the great, lattiomd railway bridge, into the gloom and calm of the silent river; SFor a time wo looked back upon the huge cathedral towers, touched hero and there by eilvery.flakes of moonlight; but those soon disappeared in the mist of night, and the low and indistinct shores were lost altogether in the hazy gloom. Thus we travelled on, cut adrift as it were from the every-day worl--as far. as sight and' sounds..wero concerned we might have beeon sailing half-way betweon earth aiid'sky. And thus we three,' who had been thrown Ltogobler7.haphazard on this summer nigh?, seemed loosened altogether from all sense of earthly responsibility,. and 'fell into vague and dreamy talk, discussinig and questioning all kinds of theories 'touchiiig heaven : aid eaith;'and the mysteries and problems of lifeo and death. Hours passed quickly, away ; the light of dawn was already gilding the turbid waters of the river, whoti we were 'conscious of an unusual bustle on board. No doubt we woere ?;approaching the German frontier, where :there is generally some trifling OnCus tom House formality to go through. But this night somdthing more than ordinary was in, progress. A strong parky of German ufe?iohis had come on board, and with rattling arms. and gleaming lanterns, were making a minute survey of all the passengers: My travelling companions exchanged glances of alarm. -The chief of the officials was' ap proaching us, accompanied by the. ' con ductor" of ,the steamer. 'A?h, you have some Russian passengers on board,' 'said the former in the 'couvincod mtanner of a German offliial. The elder of my, compainions put, her hand appealingly upon my ar. ' -' 'We are lost, my son, unless you oan save us." ThoPrussian officer, tall and. stiff, was standing -over us, while his companion hold the lamp. 'This is an English party !' said the latter apologeti;ally, as if he were introducing some' epor,. wandering people to the notice of .a King. . SAh ! ' said the German, sniffing the air suspiciously and majestically. '.How do we know that? ' How, indeed i Imight'plunge into perjury, fath.mts deep, but .could I ever convince: this -ceptical, iron-framed' man that .I 'and my cotmpagnona de voyage were 'of "the same' nationality ? H'e would insist ben examination of papers, 'baggage and all' th rost'; 'and I should be. brought to shame and probably taken off to the guard-house to share tohe fate of my female friends, whatever that might be. Aniu yet one soft, appealing' look from Olga made mo'think that all this was ondirable in such company. And then suddeily it occurred to me, I have a passport. Yes; my mother, who is an old-fashioned. traveller, insisted' on our -haviitg a'Foreigi-oflice passport in our j.,int names when we started on our travels, and there it remained untouched in the note case, where I had first placed it. I sprang to my feet, and politely saluted the official. 'Pardon noe, I have a passport.' ' HIa, ha ! goot, goot ! he has a passport,' said the German, his features relaxing as, he, oxaminrd the document carofully by the light of the lantern. 'Alt, yes, the Graf von Salisbury,' he remarked approvingly, as 'he scanned the signature. ' Very goat man. So, so, Esquair, and Mistress Esquair, andc Miss Esquair-very goot.' '. 'was so much in accordance' with. the offlvial's sense of fitnees, this lucpky passport of mine, that the iron man at once relaxed: Yes, he became polite, effusive, especiaily, to the ladies, who bore the ordeal with wonder ful composure. But it was a great relief when the steamer slancened speed, and tho higl offimihl and his subordinates disappoured. over. the vessel's side. Still none of us spoke till the appear ance of sundry homely, comfortable fellows' in the uriforim of the Dutch Custom Heoueo assured us that we were fairly over the frontier. Then the elder lady, before, I could stop her, raised my hand to her lips' and "kissed You have saved us :from doath,.,or what as perhaps worro, tho prolonged torture of a Oonviot'?si life- Tho Germans,: had ithey ciug?ht u's, would:have senit us back td .the prisons of the Czar.' Yes, they were revolutionists, .these pleas lng,' interasti''g wmiolin-"iifdigeei - "froi. Russia:': Hiusbitnd, on; lover, all had' joined' the ranks of the secret brotherhood. The head of the family, -Count Ipsiloff, was on exile. The son had died --upon' the iocaffold. The fate of the lover.,was. still unsertain. He was Olga's lover, this young .an; whose features so' strongly resembled ny own," a certain Count Loris 'M'lukoff, cible, r?ch and generous, who had: sedcrificed everything for the cause,. . S"And yet some of the brotherhood suspected him, and as a test he was selected for an 'edterprise of great peril, thoe natareof whioh we need not iuqtireUaboult.' But,' on tihe ev' of the appointed day, Loris disappeared; the clue to the whole coxispiracy wras .in the hmandlt of the nheilin: wholesale tarrests mwre made ; numerous executions followed, and among them that of Olga's brJther, Stephen.. But of Luoris nothing was' Imown. ; Only:a torriblb report 'h.d: been circulated,":on the aiuthority of a prison 'ollcisal who 'was a osecroet sympathiser, to theo effect that Loris had been the traitor ; that his heart had failed him at the last, and that he had- givenr himself up to the police and rovealed the whole conspiracy. It was also said that ho would be soon liberated, and to save hir from the. ven geance of the brotherhood, conveyed secretly, in disguise, probably in the charactor of an Englishman, as far as London, where, lost in the immensity of the crowd, he might best hope to escape the fate that would surely dog him as long as he lived. Hence, when the Russian ladies saw the very fac-simile uf their former friend on the quay, the sight seemed to confirm the worst suspicion that had been entertained about him. Olga loved him, but she would rather that he should be dead than so dishonoured. She had always refused to believe that he had been a traitor. ' Now,' concluded PImo. Ipeiloff, "I am hoping to join my husband in Holland. Ho is growing old, las ! like myself, and has been compelled to retire from the active list of the revolutionary band.' They proposed to take ship for Amerioa. there to end their days in poverty and exile -they who had been once rioh, honored and happy. h All this, whipered rather+ than spoken, in low, earnest; tones, produced a profound foaling of sorrow and depression. But just then the sun, which was, not far above thr horizon, burst out from among the clouds that had hitherto concealed it, and lit up Ul1 the surrounding scene. Olga roused herself from her attitude of mournful dopreasion, and, as if inspired by the sunbeams, like the vocal Egyptian statue, burst into song. She had a charming rich contralto voice, and the old Russian, hymn that she sang, ad dressed to the rising sun, was fulol of pathos and charm. Soon after the town of Nimegen came in tight, quaintly perched upon a solitary bluff by? the river bank. A number of people were awaiting the steamer on the quay, and, among them, one who raised his hands and inade a peouliar signal in the air. ' Ah, we are awaited here ; good friend, we must part, never to meet again." A hurried leave taking followed, warm pressure of the hand, fervid good wishes. They were gone, and left behind them a blank sense of loss and pain-these people, whom I had known only for a short summer's night. .After my companions had left, 1 remembered, little about the voyage down the Rhine, till toward the afternoon, when the conductor warned me, asleep on one of the sofas in the saloon, that Dor drecht was close at hand. Here I met with a disappointment. The porter of the. hotel was vawaiting me with a letter from my mother. Bad nows had come fromtEngland, my sister Bell's jaanea had broken or other wise damaged his leg, and my mother had started with her for home early that mor.ing by way of Brussels, Paris, and Dover. Well, there was no need for me to follow 'them in hasto. I would go on to Rotterdam by the steamer and take the boat for Harwiok . on the following day.. It was not till we left the old town'far behind, and had entered the maze of .waters about Rotterdam-crowded with steamers and gay barges-that Iremem bered that I was vexatiously short of money. I hiad relied on getting a supply from my mother; anad now I found, after searching all my pockets, only just enough, with a very trifling margin, to pay my fare home. In a general way there would be no par tioularhardship in spending a night out or doors and avoiding the hotel bill in that way. But I was overwhelmed with sleep, having been travelling incessantly for several days, and I longed for nothing so much asto stretch my limbs on a comfortable bed. Well,: there were, no doubt, many decent places in Rot ordanim where one could get" a bed for a couple of shillings. I took the "conductor" of the steamer into confidence and he at once gave'me the cardof a kind of boarding-house, where the charges would be quite within my nargin. Presently we were alongside the Boompjeo, that pleasantest of quays, with its avenues of trees, its solid, old-fashioned buildings, and lively, bustling surroundings. The steamer was at once invaded by a crowd of porters, touts and other nondescripte, and one of the latter seized my portmanteau and made me his' chosen prey. I gave the man the card of my hotel, and grunting out ' Ja, Ja ! ' he led the way 't the shore, waving his hand in the. air as a signal to somebody on the quay, no doubt, that he had scoured a prize. Half a dozen hands were held up in different directions among the crowd,. and as we passed along the quay my. attendant was joined by two other. eon who helped him to carry the portnuanteua. We passed along several n;irrow, tortuous streets, we crossed a canal or two of dark and uninviting appearance, and at last turned into a gloomy, handsomely carved gateway, and stopped before a heavy, massive door, let into a kind of arched rcuess adorned with carvings of floral and heraldic emblems. - The door was opened by an old wvuman, with an elaborately-wrinkled face, w-ho was busy with brooms and mops and pails. My conductor led the way up-stairs up a narrow, curving staircase all done in red disteioper,' and reminding one of the com punion-litdder of a ship-up we went higher and higher, the stairs becoming steeper, nariower, and more gloomy. at aeirt y stageo. We came to a pause at.. last, and, pushiug opon :a door, my iptrter led the .way into a large, bire room-- bare off~ fi iture that is, for the ceiliug was richly decorated, and the pallUed walls. were adorned with frut and flowers finely carved, but much haoked and defaced.. ,Ther wore talbles all along the room, covered;:with :oil-oloth, where one, or two groups, seemingly : of. emigrants, were sitting with bags of provender beside them, drinkiiig beer out of huge mugs, and discuss ing bread and onions, oheote and garlic, with much apparent relilh. In one corner of the room sat a family group of careworn, homely people, who seemed to b in charge of the establhhment. A woman was nimending stokings; another was at work with a sewing machine; chil dren were busy over their lesson-books; and a pale and studious-looking youth, witn speo tioles, was making entries in a big book. To this last my donductor addoressed himhelf, evidently upoii the subject of my sojourn thbiro. I should have liked to join in the converesation but the pale youth spoke only I'Dut?h. Thus I was very much mit the mero, .of my nondescript porter from the' quay, who seemed to be taking carle tbla?r1o as to arrangements for my reception. The young man in spectacles looked puzzled, undecided; but at lest he handed 'u ky':'to tho 'porter, :who, forthwith, in a triumphant manner, shouldered my portmanteau and led the oway up more flights of stairs, ever growing; darkor and steeper. Then we came to a really handsome chamber, panelled and carved like the other, but muoh more elaborately furnished; vel-, vet couches, gilded chairs, mirrors, sconces,, clocks, all kinds of bric-a-brae cumbered the' room, leaving just space enough for a table' and a few practicable chairs, and two mas sive box bedsteads, each occupied by two enormous feather beds. These last two pieces of furniture attracted my attention most. There was not the vestige of any kind of accessories in the way of sheets, pil lows, or bolsters; but the feather beds were deliciously soft and inviting. Dismissing my managing porter with a gratuity,which, for a wonder, he received without grumbling, I locked the door with the huge key, and, kicking off my shoes, jumped into the middle of the feather bed. Next moment I was fast asleep. I awoke with a start and a strange night marish feeling about me. Iv was midnight, and all the clocks in the room wore chiming rhe hour, one after a,nther, in overy variety ,of tone. But late as it was, the narrow street below was full of life and noise. Never had I hoard such a babel of sounds rising up in the middle of the night, such shouting and laughter; street music, songs from sailors' taverns, a roar of voices every where-overywlore, that is, buht in this par ticular house, which seemed as silent as the grilvo. My room must have been seven floors above the street; but the houses opposite were equally tall, and every floor of them was lighted up and wide awake, and doing its best to swell the general uproar. Just in face of my window a supper party was going on, all in full dress, with choice dishes and flasks of wineo and liquors of every imnaginuble shape. The sight made me hungry; I was weak indeed, and exhausted from hunger, for I had tasted nothing since breakfast, and yet I had probably slept away all chance of getting anything to eat. It was a strange chamber, this of mineo; there was no bell-pull or other means of communication with the world below-plenty of gilt chandeliers, but no candles, nor gas, nor parafline lamp, nor even matches. There was just light enough from the street to show me the way about the room, and I made for the door, intending to rouse some body to give me supper, or, anyhow, lights. The room opened upon a narrow landing, and another door should have given entrance to the stairs, but that door was looked. Then I began to think I was in a trap. Yet surely they were honest people, those down below. The mild young man in spectacles, the industrious house-mother, had not the stamp of thief or murderer on their brows. The louking-up was accidental, per haips, or we will say the custom of the countr . I shook the door, but it was firm and solid, I listened intently at the crevices. Not a sound was heard. And-yet-yes--as I listened I heard from far below the measured tramp of footsteps on the stairs. It was a ghostly, eerie sound, muffled and soft as the footsteps mounted stage by stage. The sound scarcely increased; footsteps muffled and soft, and yet with a regular rhythmic beat, as if many were treading a kind of military march. Perhaps they where ghosts after all-the burgher guard out of some old picture march ing to supper in their former jquarters, or Rembrandt's night watch stepping boldly out of the canvas. The footsteps stopped on the landing. just beneath me, and no doubt passed into the room immediately below. After all, it was perhaps only a friendly party who had come to sup together. Anyhow they could have nothing to do with me. I returned to my room, locked the door, and took a seat by the window, feeling a sense of companionship and security in the noisy street, and the lights from people's windows. I think I must have dozed in my chair, for when I roused myself the street had become perfectly quiet, lights had gone out, and the whole city seemed to slooeep. Three o'clock rang out, most dismal and depressing of all the short hours. I could hear nomovement in the floor below; but then the timbers and beams were thick and strong, aud l'=tle sounn could peonw'r'' Then I certainly heard a sound, dull, J - distant, as if a number of people, sitting in company, had risen simultaneously, slightly pushing back their chairs. The noise some how appalled me. It was as if a jury had risen and were about to deliver their verdict. But what had that to do with me ? But there was a decided stir and movement below, and creeping to the door to listen, surely I heard footsteps ascending the stairs to my landing. Not so many footsteps this time, but still enough. The door of the staircase was unlocked and opened cautiously and footsteps advanced softly to the door of my chamber. From my post of observation I could hear the slow, regular breathing of five or six men, after which there sounded a knock upon the door, gentle, yet distinct. 'What is your business?' I demanded, in a voice I tried to render firm. ' Outvres?' was bellowed forth for `able answer. The knock was repeated ;,a regular ' som mation,' in fact,: and the delay gave me the opportunity of hastily piling some furnitnre as a barricade ; but after the third summons someone threw himself' heavily against the door. The screws of the lock gave way and the door flew open, scattering my barricade in all directions. I made for the window with the wild notion of raising an alarm, when I was seized, flung down and knelt upon by half-a-dozen men. But after the first attaclkno further violence was used than was necessary to secure me. A lamp was brought into the room, and while held in the chair by two or three pairs of powerful hands, a number of men came for ward, one by one, and examined my features attentively. They were dark-bearded men with strange, earnest, wistful eyes--not cruel-looking meno but rather tender and humane, you would have said-but they all shook theirheads and shrugged their shoulders as they passed by, as if to say that there was a hopeless ease. The last of all to pass me in review was one whose face I recalled at once as that of the old serving-man at ColognOe. SThen I understood what all this meant. iuuu unnyatirnr mnuu me Ior Yount Loris, the traitor and spy, whom I was said to resemble so much. This man from Cologne had no doubt come on by rail in much less time than the steamer had taken, and had prepared his friednd for my arrival. And then this trap had been laid. i ut not for me, I recognised' joyfully, and driel out with full assurance:' Ab, you aro all mistaken, gentlenion; I am not the inan you seek. ;Il am an English. mincii? fee my passport.' To'my horror theo:only reply was a general pitying a? ?ile. - ' We iknew' that you woiuld say that,' ro plied one. ' Ah, that you should have sunk so low !' Protests, threats, entreaties, all were of no avail. They did not leave me long in doubt as to their purpose. Choosing a ponderous beam with a strong hook affixed to it, convenient for their purpose, a noose was soon dangling therefrom. 'Courage, my friend,' said one of the men who hold me, feeling that my frame trembled. ' Courage, it is but a short journey, and will soon be over.' Short as the journey may be, it is still a dreadful one. I tremble even now as I think of that moment, and yet, terrible as it was, I only sought to prolong it. ''Give me half an hour to prepare for death,' I begged, 'if you insist on murder ing me.' It was acknowledged that the request was reasonable, and those about me seated them selves apart, whilo one or two of the hum bler members of the party knelt down and repeated a prayer or two in Russian. The time of delay pass:,d away, and again there was a general movement in the room us all present ruse to their feet. Just at this moment a rosy streak of dawn flashod througa the windows, lighting up the whole grim, fearful scene; a beamn of sun light stretched athwart the room and again, as if inspired by the morning light, a clear, sweet voice from far below trilled out a stanza of the strange, wild Russian hymn. 'It is Olga,' I cried, ' bring her to me.' Said a grave voice ; 'Yes, that is just, they loved each other; let them bid an eternal adieu.' Then I knew that I was saved, although I heard no more; for, overcomo by all the terrible experiences of the night, all my per ceptions seemed to desertmeo. Whoen I came to myself I found that two women were bending over me obafing my hands, bathing my temples and moistening my lips with some aromatic cordial. 'He will do now," said the voice of the elder Russian lady. ' Come. Olga, they are waiting.' 'Adieu,' whispered Olga, bonding over me : ' forgive us and forget us.' ard then she softly pressed my forehead with her lips. 'Adieu forever,' and she passed away. That evening I found myself in my mother's drawing-room in Kensington, giv ing her, and my uister, and her lover, a full account of my continental adventures; but keeping carefully to myself my connection with the revolutionary party. The other day by the way, I came across the old serving mnm accidentally in the Strand. Hlo stared as he recognised moe. ' You need be under no apprehensions now, monsieur,' he said : ' all has be n cleared up about the poor Count Loris. He died in prison and would not speak a word. And now wo revere him as one of the noblest of our martyrs; and n Mademoiselle Olga is happy, quite happy.' Baut the old rogue would not reveal the secret of her whereabouts, and was quite im pervious to bribes.-All the Yeam 1Romid.. 