-WAS JESUS A UNITARIAN 1" On Snndar evening in the Scots Church, tho pastor, tho Ror. W. Dill Macky, preached a ser mon on the above subject in answer to a lecture delivered last Sunday week by the Rev. George Walters in the Unitarian Church, Liverpool- etreet. At the outset the preacher said that had Mr. Walters' discourse been delivered to his own congregation, ho probably would never have heard of it, but as publicity had been given to it through tho columns of The Daily Ttleyraph , be felt impelled to take notice of the bold challenge thrown out. The discourae, bo maintained, was characterised by falseness of teaching und un soundness or doctrine. The exordium was a recuperative attack upon orthodox Christianity and on thoso whose teachings dillered from the dogmas enunciated by Mr. Walters. That gentleman had said that he was reluctant to enter into the controversy, but ho felt it was a " great aud solemn duty to protest against the superstition that had taken Jesus away from humanity— that bad shrouded His personality In a thick veil of mythology and that bad put a mask upon the loving face of the Great Friena of man." What, ho asked, was tlw superstition and what the mythology referred' to. Was it the Word of Gou or the doctrines therein contained ? For on the authority of these thoy proclaimed that Jesus was both God and man. it had struck him that through out Mr. Walters' exordium there was a de cided taint of the sectarian spirit which ho deplored so much, reminding him of the words of Burns, Oh wad some 'power the giftle gie us To see ouraelvc? as ithurs sue us,.; It would fruia umuy u bluuuur freu us ' v ' Aud foolish uotiuu. He did not deny that professors of Christianity of all sects aud crowds had been guilty of perse cution, but Christianity itself never. The re ligion of Jeaui taught thera to . loro their enemies, ami that no mau could be a true Christian who cherished and preserved a revengeful or persecuting spirit. Mr. Walters, he said, then proceeded to deal with tho principles of orthodox Christianity, but ho brought forward no proofs j from the beginning to the end of his discourse there was iiolhiug but statements made und deuials given. He (Mr. Walters) denied that Jesus was justly responsible for tho doctrines of orthodox Chris tianity, many of which lie never formulated or suggested or approved. .Mr. Vv'alturs asserted tnat Jojus was a Unitarian iu that "Ho taught the Fatherhood of God without auy such a doctrine as that of the brotherhood of man, with out auy statement of original sin and total depravity or the future blessedness of Heaven, without any hideous theory of eternal tormeuc in a -fiery hell." Hero wcro threo doctrines to which Mr. Walters took exception — 1, tho doctrine of the Trinity ; 2, that of original sin and human depravity ; aud 8, that of eternal punishment. Now, said the preacher, let us to the law aud the testimony. Fiistly, did not Josuti distinctly teach tho doctriuo of the Trinity of the godhead V To prove thi3 he only needed to quote His own words. Take Matthew 28, from verso 10, where Jesus gave his dis ciples authority to go and teach nil nations, " baptising them in the name of the Father aud of tue Son aud of the Holy Ghost." Was not the doctrine of the Trinity clearly set forth here — the ordinaucc by which admission into the Christian church necessitating belief in tue name of three distinct diviue personages ? In further proof of his allegation the preacher quoted Matthew 3-16, the scene at the baptism uf Christ; John 15-21, wnere three divine persons were clearly named, and maintained that ou theso evidences it was absurd to maiutuin that Jesus neither pro claimed nor suggested tho doctrine of the Trinity. It was'equally iucorrect to state that this great fundamental doctrine "came in after wards, when the early Christian church came into contact with the 'heatbou philosophy," as the doctrine was proclaimed iu tha very first chapter of Gcocsis, where tho plurality of persona in tho Godhead was distinctly affirmed, and also all through the New Testa ment, ue in I. Johu, 5-7, aud iu the Beuediction cujo'iucd r.pon the Corinthian Church. The second doctrine objected to by Mr. Walters was that of original sin. It would bo easy to prove tbal as Christ gave bis imprimatum to tbe Old Testament, be taught this truth. In Psalui li., 7, Ac., and again iu Psalm xiv., David spoke of man as born in siu and in wardly depraved. The Apostles, too, as wit ness Paul in Romans xii., 5, Romans, v., 13; aud Ephesiaus, ii., 1 ali insisted ou this doctrine, but to go to the sayings of Jesns himself oue passage would prove that He asserted aud proclaimed this doctrine. In the third chapter of John there was told the story of Jesus' inter view with tbe Jewish ruler Nicodemus. wherein Hcispoko of tho necessity of a new birth or regeneration, without which He said no inau could enter the kingdom of heaven. Again, not to multiply instances, :in Matthew xv., <19, Jesus spoke strongly of the natural cor ruption of the human 'heart. He (the preacher) would rather ba an atheist and dis believe iu the existence of God than that man a3 now constituted was the same being as God created in Hia own image. Thirdly, Mr. Walters objected to tho doctrine of tho final puuishment of the wicked, but. it was incredi ble that any man could accept the teachings of Jesus in whole or in part and hold that He taught uo such doctrine. Let them examine into the words of tho Master Himself. In Matthew xiii.— 47, in tho parable of the draw not, He said that the wicked should bo cast into the furnace of fire, and in ;Luke xvi— 19, in tho parable of Dive3 and Lazarus the same doctrine was vividly set forth. It was said these were but figurative, but what were they figurative of? 1 hey could not inquire into the nature of the fire or tho flame auy- more than could the engine- driver inquire into the nature of the danger ahead when he saw the red light flashing along the track. Then there was the plain statemont made by Jesns in His terrible description of the judgment con tained in Matthew xxv., from verse 31 to tho end of tbe chapter. If they could not believe plain unvarnished statements such as these, they- bad better pitch their Bibles into the lire, stamp upon thein with their feet and seek their religion elsewhere, for if thoy held the Bible to be true they could not refuse to accept the doc trine of a future hell. No fewer thau 57 times in the Bible God told tnau of the existence of a hell into which tbe wicked should be turned, aud thoy must either believe tbis or call Him a liar. The preacher concluded with an earnest appeal to hia hearers to listen to the warnings of a God merciful and gracious, slow to anger, who exhorted them to turn from their evil ways, as he had no pleasure in the death of a sinner Let God, he said, be true and every man a liar. Tbe preacher then announced that next banday evening be would deal with Mr. Walters' stric tures on the Divinity of Jesus Christ, taking as his text tho words contained in the first epistle to Timothy, 3rd chapter, 10th verso. 