l'.ui IX. Tho spring ana 6ummer and autumn bad paused monotonously, but more pleasantly, to LiBa than any time sinoo tUe first fuw months of her marriage. It was winter now again, just a year since Dennis West had dropped so unexpectedly into her life, and in all that year his friendship and never failed her. He was away just now-something had gone wrong with his businoss affairs, and he had been spending thu past week or two in looking after them. ! It was cold, bright, frosty weather now i < aud Mr. llailtou, who was certainly a hard ; working man, was talking advantages of one i of his raro holidays to give his family a day's skating. The children were al mustered in the hall, and Mr. Rail ton was looking them ovor io see if they woro in ovory respeot fit to go out with him * Liaa, look at that Gluld's gloves.' Lisa looked. . Put on her best glovou to-day, Paul!' 11 haven't got any boat/ 1 Yes, dear, you have. Where are thoy P I^bougbt yon a pair a fortnight ago/ So (the had ; but Jane had been surrepi tiously wearing them to sohool every day, and thie wag the result. .I haven't any but these/ Paul naid etolidir* with a hazy motion that either ho or Jane was in for a row, and that it had better bo he because Jane waa only a girl. i Yon naughty boy, you know I bought you a new pair. Where are thoy ? * There, there, don't Huold tbo poor child and fipoil hia day,' said Mr. Railtoo fretfully. 11 really think you might try to have the children deoontly dressed when I am going to take them out/ So it was mother who was in for the row after all. Woll, mother was always in rows . ttUll it seemed rough, on mother that sho should bo scolded becauso they had not obeyed her. When they reached Regent'** Park, they found the ioe bearing, and a good many skaters. The frost had not lasted long, and tlio Humane Society wan in full foroo with all its apparatus. Tho tight of the ropetj and ladders startlod Lisa, and she timidly suggostod that they should inquiro which was the shallowest part. Tho shallowest part' how ever proved to bo aleo tho most crowded; so Mr. ltailton decided to try clsewheru, where only a few skaters were disporting themselves, and ton minutes later they wore on the ioe. There is nothing like violent eseroise for driving away low spirits, and there is no everciso more dolightful than slating-so slight a motion of the muscles Nonda this heavy l>oriy, wbitih drags so wearily on foot, flying lightly along, the fresh wind blowing in the face, tho warm blood dancing and racing through all one's voins, in the intense enjoyment of motion wilh the fatigue of motion. We rise to tho levol of a bird when skating only Mercury-like, our wings are on our feet. Boforo loug Mrs. Railton was enjoying herself thoroughly, and Mr. liailton laughing happily with thochildron. Thochildron skated well and did not nood to bo dragged about wliioli was fortunate, for Lisa would cortainly huvo done snout of tbo dragging : and, ah it was, hIio was in u fair way to Hputid the aflor nuuu vpry pluauautly iudood. She uatcfacd her tall stylish daughter hkating about with hor iathor, and thought how well they looked together. So did tho younger ones as thoy dashed about in couples. ' Lisa was the odd onoos the party; but it did not occur to hor to lot that troublo her* Frobli p^oplo kopt coming on tho ice. Sho onjoyod watching almost as much aa ukat iug. Presently, hh she stood at the further ond of tho pond, her husband and childreu camo nkating towards her; they atoppod as they nearod her, and for a fow momenta thoy aU stood in o group watching the rest of tho skaters. A Htalwurt couple, both about six* foot high, camo skating olam&ily;, but happily, along, wavered, clutched wildly ntoach otbor, and fell, A fo# good natured people rushorl forward to assist tbom, whon there was hoard a resonant craok, and a long whito lino shot across tho entlro width of the pond. Thoro was a chorus of ' Oh«'-half laughter and half fear-and a general stampede for tho shore. Mr. Bailton was one of tho first to movo, bat in a second, ho recollootod, stopped, hesitated, then seized Kate in one hand, Paul in tho other and mode for the bank, calling to the others to oome on. Lisa stood breathless. She hud Boen tbo ! pause, the confederation-1 Whioh shall I save'-and that she had been loft, and the eight took away all desire and power to move. Next seoond, two atroug ormsseizod her shoulders, and she was hurled) ralher than drawn, into safety. Every one stood silent ou the bank, waiting to see the water bubblo up through the oraok. They did not see it. The ice looked as strong and as s»fe as ever, and presently people began to realise this and to feel foolish. Lisa heard a low, jolly laugh, uud, looking up at her rescuer, saw a big, black boarded man who took off his hat and began apolo gizing for his unnecessary roughness. 'No danger whatever; the ioe is jus settling down. I suppose you knew that and eo didn't move. I thought you wero too frightened to stir, and so I just shot you off. I hope I didn't hurt you; but I saw you were quite alone, and it took the disgrace o ff my own flight to rosoue somebody.1 Qe laughed again aad started on the ioe onoe more, followed by several others. ' I say, he thought mother was alone!' said Paul. * If the ioe had broken, aud you hadn't got wet, I should have boon glad he was there, wouldn't you, fathor ?' No one seemed disposed to follow Paul into these abstracted speculations. Mr. Railton changed the subject abruptly, saving: 4 Konsencc; don't let a little crack like that frighten you. Come along.' Mr. Bailton, was, perhaps just a little ashamed of himself and that made his tone all the harsher. ' I do not care to come.' 'You can't stand about all alone in the cold. If yoa won't skate, you had better go home.' *1 will go. Tell the children I am tired. I need not ask you to take carc of them.* 'I am sorry you are tired. Hind and lake a good rest when yon get home/ and he skated after the children round the comer, leaving her on the bank. A sudden turn brought bearded rescuer to her. He saw her struggling with her skates and stopped. A look of good-natured remorse overspread his handsome, kindly facc, as he noticed her colorless lips and trembling hauds. « Going ? Lfl me take your skates off, and lot me apologize again. I can sec I frightened you, though the crack didn't. Perhaps I hurt you, but we never havo any ice in Ireland, sol don't understand it, and I rtally thought there was danger, and, as you were alone-Pray do not be angry with me.' He changed his sentence, bccausc ho saw that for some reason his words troubled her, and supposed that she resented his addressing her a second time; though, indeed, the veriest prude living could not have taken offence at his frank, impersonal manuer. Lisa left a sudden rush of emotion to think only a stranger should care to dcprccalo her anger. < Indeed, I am not angry. I urn very much obliged to you.' ' Then I hurt you. You arc looking as while as a ghost.' ' No, not at all; indeed no, only I am tired, and not very woll, so I um going home. Thank you,' as he gave her her skates neatly strapped together, and she made an effect to look strong and independent as she walked up the low, steep bank. ' One moment,' he said. She turned. . I'm wailing for my wife,' be said,1 but she won't scold me for making her wait when I tell her what I have been doing. You must let me see you home or at least to the station.' 1 Oh, tUauk you no, it is not in the least necessary.' (Not in the least/ said another voice. 4 It seems I am come just in lime to be of use, Lisa.' 1 Oh, Dennis, I am so glad to see you back again.' ' That's all right, then,' said the stranger cheerfully. 1 can leave you with a easy con science.' 1 Thank you, very much/ said Lisa Tho stranger waited just a socond bo* oaupo, if tho new-comer wore the lady's brother or busbftud, it wan only natural be would want to mako some acknowledgment of his attention to ber; and suoh was tho frauk cheerfulness of his manner that Donnis found himself instinctively murmuring eomo indistinct courtesy. Thon ho aud Lisa walked toward the gale in sileuco. Presently LIMA Muid: ' Don't you thiuk he must bo rather u uioo husband ?* .Who?' * "Why, he; tho gontlemau who took off my skates. I was tired, and wanted to go home, and couldn't manage the straps.' 1 Didn't Donald know you wanted to go home f' ' Yen, of course I didn't go without telling him; but ho was at tho other sido of the pond. I dare say he didn't know I was go ing just at that moment.1 Poor Lisa ! between her seuse of discom fort at what «ho took for a rebuke in Dennis' tone, and 1 dislike of explaining her hus band's neglect, she spoke very lamely. But sbo W&b; mistaken. The disapproval woa not for hor, for Dennis hod reached tho bridge & moment boforo the ice orackod, and had neon and understood tho whole inoident. 11 dont think it was exactly proper,' ubn said, ' but he only meant to bo kind, becauso ho Haw, I moan, thought, I waR ulono.' 1 You wore alone,' Huid Dennta abruptly. ' Whan I urn uot with you you uro always ulono, whuu will the olhcrd como buck?' 'Oh, not until lata; they word going to a little party after tho skating. T hfl'l forgot ten that.' And who romemborud that no ouo had re called it to her miud, or aakod her if abo would join thorn when eho was rented. They walked uu iu silenco to tho Murylo bone-road; as they crossed it a sickly, hideous column of smoko rushed up through one ot tho ventilators of the underground railway. ' Oh dear,' she said, taking a deep breath of the olear frosty air, * we have to go down (bat to get home.' * We are not going home/ t&id; Donni*-, quietly, 'we arc going uoxnewhere, anywhere, it doLtj not matter; a picture gullery will d.«.' I ' 1 think I bhould like it,* said Lisa, heai | tatiug. ' 1 urn not wanted at home, the children will not be back until tho evening; and Donald will bo quite late, and a picture gallery will bo each & pleasant change.' ' That it,' sad Deunu shortly. 4 It'd time you had a change.' They walked walked on, on through the stroutsuntilthoyreaohodthegallery; butwhen they readied it Dennis led her past all tho pictures to a quiet Beat, and signed her to sit down. She looked up surprised. ' We came here to talk/ ho said (shortly, 1 Lisa, I was on the bridge just nowaud naw all that happened.' She saw something in his faoo whioh she did not understand. ' Then-it is no use pretending any more,' Bhe said. 1 No; no, it in no uuo pretonding any moro. Jjiaa, all tbis year jou havo becu pretending not to bo wretched, and I havo been pretend ing to believe you. But I have known ail the time how tilings were.' 4 Yes/ she said, 11 was pretending to be satisfied when I thought you believed me bnt that is no use now. It is often like that nearly Always when yon are not there.* When he was not there ! And he had come to tell her that he most go aw«y for good. That was the news he had brought back from his three weeks of inspection. His losses had been so great, his affairs had become so involved that nothing bat his own Eresence oould etavo off ruin. He must tell er that he must leave her-almost at onoe -leave her now she had grown used to his friendship-leave her without a friend in the world, to bear her troubles alone ? I Oh, Lisa! glad-hearted, bright-souled Lisa, were you only mado for this-to wear out your life as the despised drudge of a man who has tired of you r And must the man who loved you aB a child, and more deop and tender than die old, leave you to bear your burden alone f No, never. She had utt good a right to lovo and happiness as auy woman in the world. Why should die live this long, alow death, when be could give her far hotter things? 1 You want to tell me something,' she eaid. 1 Is it-is it that you ore going sooner than you thought f ' I am going at once.' She watohed him with parted Hps, waiting perhaps guessiug what was ooining, for his voioe had no sound of farewell in it. 'Lisa/he went on, 4when I first came baok I tried in tnr blundering way to show you that my ohfldwh lore lor my pretty tyrannical cousin was gone, outgrown/ * Yes, I understood; if it haa not been so, you would not have come/ ' I would not, Lisa. I came baok to be your friend, and I stayed to be your friend, and I saw your sweetness, and your patienoe and your suffering. And now I love you ton thousand times more than ever you were loved in your beautiful youth.' * Oh, my beautiful youth 1' It was a cry of bitter regret for good things hopelessly cant. ? There is no woman on earth more to be pitied than you. Your youth is gono, and your beauty is (rone, and y<ju liavo nothing instead of them.' ' Why do you toll me F' »ho a&id;, wearily. 1 Do I not know ?' ' Lisa,' bo went on, ' noine women have to bear poverty, and hear it beoaune their husbands love them. Sumo have to bear neglect, bnt their liven are pawed in ease, and they do not mind it; others, who have neither love nor oomfort, have pride and pleasure in their children. What have you P I alone love you, why should you not love me P I alone want you, why may I not have you? Lisa, I ewear to you that if your husband loved you, I should not; if tbere had been any hopo in your life, I should have been oontent to have paawd out of it in silence ; but you know as well ns I do, that the shook once over, no one will oven miss you. Remember what happened just now.' It was true, she know it. If she bad died that day, sho knew how little difference it would have made in her home. * Your husband, whom you trusted in your youth, foils you now. Cau you deny it. 4 No.1 ' And to wbioh of your olnldron can you turn, Buying : 'This ono afclea«it, will be tbo comfort of my ago P'' 1 To none of them.' ' Lira, will you oomo with mo to-night to Mergui ? ' Thoy stood feeing1 oaoh other, & few feet apart. Thero wan no passion in their voioca or thoir eyes. Sho only waited while he spokn his uaaltcrnblo conviction. 4 You havo no idea what it will be like,' he said. 4 Instead of your life hero, with its: endless slights aud loveloss patience, instead oftho burden which has worn your poor, weak hands and bruised your dear, true hoart, you will havo rest and perpetual Bummer, and soft airs, and ondle&s; love and tender ness/ 41 will oomo.' ' We will go to-night/ he said. 11 have had news wbioh makes it absolutely necessary that I should go at once. If you como with me, Donald will never guess where wo arc. He will not think I have gone to Mergui, beoaube 1 havo so often spoke of going thero. He will think that woe only a blind.' 41 dare say.' * The train starts at 11.30. Will you comc to my rooms ? That wili be better than your going to f lio station. Stations arc so orowded. 1 should not like you to bo in a crowded blation at night.' 41 will come.' 4 Ho-Donald, I moan-will not be back until late vou say ? The steamer will have startod befuro ho finds that you havo gone/ 41 tiUppOFO 1*0. * Till to»nighl, thou. Wo must part now. I have tbinga to arrange. Do not be la to.' 4 Grood-by.' * Good-by, Lisa my lovo. I will make you so happy.* ' I hope do, I thiuk so; and I should liko to bo happy before I die, and no one wants mo here.' She roBo as she spofee, and ho put her into a oab at tbo door, ' Do not be later than 11 o'clock,' he said. .No.' She did not look up as the oab drove off; tfhe sat as in a dream. So it was all over the long bitter, joyless struggle-she was going to bo happy at but. One person in the world wanted hor, she would go to him, and her place here would simply close up. No one would miss her; no one would even be surprised; whatever she did had always beeu displeasing. Sho bad tried so hard to bo good all these years, and what was the utto P Tbo harassed servant showed no surprino bh she re-entered, only inquiring if, sirce she bnd oome homo, she woula olean the plato as she usually did on Wednesday afternoons. Lisa puid, 'yen,' and put on her apron to begin, lnughtng softly to horwilf an h)»m polichod tho bopt ten-pot and iho not very nuuiorouM KpouiiH aud forks, to think Uuit she was novur to do such work again, for *ho was to be a happy* wom^u, Imiug and loved. The time pasted quickly, ulio v-un an tonihbod to find liow Ute it wan. W'nun t he < hildrou returned from thejpar.'.y tlmy wore tired, which wan fortunate, tor it iux.lo Uieui inclined to go to bed, a ad they went on her suggestion without any opposition. Tho oldoHt girl h.id stayed with her fathci. liUa was annoyed ADd dwlroasod, for grown* up parties at>^ lato hours were even moio harm ful for JCate than for moat yaumr tzirhi. Thou eho remembered that nothing Kutodid ueod concern her now. There was pueitive rest iu the thought already. > Poor Li*a! Astrnng-minded, high-upiritod woman Mould have known bettor, would havo known tho road ehe wan taking had never yo.f proved tho road to happing. A wise woiuuu would have seen the weakuetM of Dennis* nrgument^, would have understood bettor what. ehe was doing. Dut poar LUa was not wife, and had no strength ot wind or will. That was not her fault. Ronald Railton had ehosen a foul, uud, listing married hor. had bluntad her faculties and dulled the littlo intelligence she had by n«glect and harshness; so she had gut into the way of doing what she was told when it waH unpleasant, now she would do what she was tola when it soemed very, very iileasant indeed. Who among her family could re proach horf Who of them deserved that the should still sacrifice herself to them ? It took her tory litttle time to make her lew preparations. It. was 10.45 o'clock a* she stood on the lauding ready. The door into the boy*' bedroom stood opes, the gas was still full on; mechanically she eutcrod to turn it down. The youngest boy was in his crib; she passed by him almost carelessly. Paul lay asleep with one hand grasping a crumpled paper. There was a oortuin boauty in his stolid, chubby faoe after all. Hid mouth, too, looked actually pretty whou it was shut. 4 How I would have loved my children if they had cued shout it,' she murmured standing over Paul's bed, and hslf-ashamod of offorinr unsought tenderness, she Btoopcd and Idssoa hiin. . Mother,' ho started awake suddenly, rub bing his eyes with his left hand. 'Yes, it's mother,' and he held out the crumpled paper toward her. ' What it this, Paul f and unfolding it aho saw two crushed taioaroons in the last state of heat and stickiness. 'Thcro'rc from the party you didn't go, and I thought you'd like some.' ' Paul, did you think at me at the party V ?Yes, lots. I've been thinking a long time. I've been thinking ' ' What havo you been thinking f ' You're always doing things for us, aud nobody is good to you but DeuniB, and he's going away, and then won't bo anybody; so X am going to be always like Dennis tu yon.' Young as he was, be was thoroughly Eng lish, and he looked mote ashamed of hiagood impulse than it he had been caught steaung jam. His mother was looking at Urn in eager wonder. He vent on, mumbling his words, Boarlet-faoed, and rubbing his eyes with both bands; now both were free. 'Father's always eoolding you, and we bother you, and Tommy Brent's mother isn't halt as nice as you; but they are all good to her, and wo'ro horrid ; but I won't be any moro. ' My son, my sou!' she cried, 1 do you un derstand what yon say P Ton wfll not forgot to-morrow P You are so young, you cannot understand.' She flung herself on her knees by the bed, gazing with piteoua eagerness into bis half awakened feoe, and, as she looked,' The soul of the ohild stood up in his eyes,' and she know it was no dhildish whim, but the begin ning of a great joy for her. He put his warm aims around her nook, Ton minutes to 11. She wouid eoon be with him, and everything was ready. .Dennis paced up and down his room in a fever of impatience, more muoroble than ever hit had been in his life. Ho had triumphed-that is, he had fiuociedod in making tbo woman he loved other than aha might have bean, SUo was worse, and not better, for knowing him. Ho had persuaded her to do wrong in the hopo that, toifether, they might find happi ness! and his misery had begun already. Lisa, the patient, gentlo saint. Ho. had mado hor no longer a saint. Ho, who Lad meant to be her best friend, was now her worst enemy. He had laved her for herpority, her eweet patienoe and enduranco. what if he ce&eed; to love her cow he himself had dea troyed those qualities ! It would not astonish him ! Nothing would astonish him that he found himself doing now. He had thought himself honorable and upright, and he was noither. He had thought himself a truo friend to Lisa, and he was none. Now, when he thought himself a faithful lover, how could he tell that ho was not mistakon P He felt himself so false and contemptible that no further discovery of baseness in himself would have surprised him. It grieved him to think that Lisa had trusted herself to one BO contemptible. He rememberodhow ho hod always seen and known that such actions as his ended in wretchedness. He quite bulioved that now. How oould he trust his good in tentions to Lisa when those other good iuton tious had broken down P How oould he bo sure of his love when hiB friendship was snoh a miserable failure t The clock struck II. He started. She must bo (here in a minute, and there would be no going bock. Tbo thing was ilono already. Just then he heard the door open. He groaned and hid his face. He had realized his own fall already ; now ho knew that Hho too was in the mire with him. ' Telegram, sir.' It was the landlady who entered. Dennis took the cnvolopo, and rood tho oontent* : ' Do not wait for me. I osnnot oome. Paul loves me. iou have taught hiw to love me. Good-by.' ' Thank Qod I' he cried. ' She is safo aud iny spntloes saint is spotless still.' Donald Railton fa getting on in the world He is in a fair way to become Attorney* General, and is more satisfied with himself than ever; ho nover know what an eaoape ho had had that Deoeti .ber evening, whioh waa as well, for he wan iuoapable of understand ing! he story had he heard it. He notioedthat hi* wifo grew daily brighter and stronger, and probably tl ought that ehe was growing wiser as sbo prnw older. The other children noliccd that l'.bul never contradiotod mother now; and, inoroovor, that he punched Will's head for to doing, and when his mother re* buked him for it, listened quietly and said ho would not do it ugain. All this roused thoir aai^ni^hinont nt first and thon their reaped;. They jrraw to underntatid that mother had u champion now, aud that tho clover one of the family. Thoy grew to »ee how eagerly Iheir mother waited for Paul when he was out, and what u pleasure it was to Paul to tell all hit* news to her at the end of every day, until at laft they, too, began to change their manners and to see all tho beauty and lovablenees of their mother's character. Kate, indoed, will always be her father's daughter, and none of them will ever be to Lina what Paul is ; he is her 1 Rtrength and joy, e >mething daily to thank God for. Satisfied with his love, her hus band's bitter words grieve her no lonuor. Now that she has & defence against thom ho ban naturally ceased to speak them, and any advasoo he makoB nhe meets muoh more than half-way. She hafi resolutely turned herbauk on Ihc past and life grows dally brighter and brighter. But perhaps, years honoe, since Oourin Dennis will probably soon be married to the Consul's daughter, whoso name has been tin often in his tatters lately, perhapB, when Taul ppeaks to her of some woman he loves, and whopc love ho ban won, nho will, iu warning, tell liira of that dangerous moment in herlifo and nbow him n orunhed ornukor pnjKir hold ing two crumbling luacarooua.- All the I'tar Hound, 