AUNT POWELLTS WILL.. S- *----V---. . That very night she sent for a lawyer, and before she went to bed we knew that a new will bad been made, and Sarah and Ward i were left out o-it. Of course Aunt Powell feltso strongly in the matter we couldn't well go against her, She refused to see Snrah or her- husband, or go where they were, and' so.- we ha4 to leave them out of all the. family gatherings, and cut then) dead on the street it we met them when Aunt Powell was with us. They acted very unreasonable about'it, and ignored the rest of us everywhere :: all except Lem. Lem visited there just as usual, and, told' Ward be intended to divide his portion of the Powell fortune with him.. - Well, our Aunt lived, with Hamer Powell a year., Hamer was a teller in the Gloster bank, and it was through, him- we.' learned. that Aunt Powell bad' a big tin box, locked and sealed, deposited in the. vault of the bank. Sh.egot along pretty well that yeart for Hamer and Alice were. young. people,, very lively, and had lots of young company, andi didn't mind Aunt Powell's, ways very mochk. They had no settled ways.of their own to, be rooted out of,. and no. children for Aunt Powell to. train, and on, the whole, they seemed to have an easy time with her. i rom.Hamer's she went to Ellen Bradleyk' quarrelled with Ellen straight along: every day for. months, and then. lived qpietly, ienough for the rest of the year ; au?ld then went to Maria Blake's, revolutionised every thing about the house, scolded the children,. .qnaelled with Maria, and: bullied; Jasper, and just as I was beginning to hope she. was coming back to us, she -melted into her sweetest temper lived like an angel for a few. months, and died one morning with her head pillowedin Maria's arms. Well, the day after the. funeral" we. all .gathered at Abner Powell's to hear the will read. I know my. heart was full of- real sorrow, but if- there was one throb of genuine. grief in another heart in. that. , oom, their. faces didn't show it. SJennie. Powells countenance was:the very impersonation of greedy eagerness, and& I thought'Siah Bradley wasgoing to snatch the *will outofthe lawyer's.hands... Lem sat with. his. face buiied, in his handkerchief;, andw was. really, delihted: w.ith. the way he was ber having ntilsaw him. wink: at Ward: Martin "-4for Ward and Sarah wereboth with.us now,, Qoer the. top, of his, handkerchief;. For my ]ar .?1 think such an occasion,asthat.afully as.solemn. as the funeral.. Ward. and. Sarah, as we.all: know, got, one dollar. apiece.. The: seven, trunks, with all i their, contents were. left to. the French maid, The rest of the will. dev.ised; all her. property in, Maine.. Abner. Powell. got some. pine. lands,, her close, carriage. andi black, horses, and Jennie got a pearl necklace, andi 1.0,P0' dol: inbank stock.. Hamer.got s180 acres ofi pine landsoon the St. Croix River. and:4000O dol:.in,mining stock,, and Alice.was: left two, houses in Bangor and 500:doll She-gave,-to, !miyself and. Lem. 40,.000dol.,. 15,000;dol. in, money, and the. rest in, Boston, and Maiee. railroad stocks. Ellen. Bradley and:'Siabgot the. r oqor-house and;grounds at Skenadoquo npooksis, with.all the contents.and: appurten ppces; thereunto- appertainingi save. a; few. tir T.??ar tna -itsv oturniture. especiialy. bequeathiedi to 'bd: servants.. Maria Blake. got 10,000, dol., and Jaspar got the yacht and four town.lots.in.Bangor. It, did: seem; toogood. to, be true, I-cried as: I thought of, the. dear, loving soulwho had: planned; all this. happiness for us, and' wished; I! could; have known her and loved he.r in, the. earlier..years, of her lonely; life. ' The. rest. ofthem: tried' to.cry,. but it was. easy to,see. tjat if. wase.false,,strained.effort, _ andinpne ofethem.succeeded very. well' except Sarah.. Poor Sarb !:e. were all;so sorry:.-br her. They. all! seemed: to.think: Ii should do. something for her, but . didn't, see how. I could. spare .100,000 dok from. whatt we.got. when we had such a family on our hands.. Our first duty was to.our. children, ofecourse.. Hamer said he couldn't say what he could do. until he found what his.pine lands and; mining.'stock were worth. Ellen and 'Siah had. no ready, money, and they couldn't tell yet whether they would sell the manor-house. or live in it; and Jasper said he could let them. have one. of. his town lots in Bangor :for, a.reasonable price and on long time, if' they wanted: to go there and build on: it. And so Ward, got up by-and-by, and took ,Sarah home with him, and Lem stepped to the front window and fired a wink at' them as' they went down the steps.that brought a, grateful smile-through Sarah's tears and a. grimace to Ward'Martin's.rough face. All :the same, I made up my. mind that Lem :Wasson. wasn't going to rob my children so !long as they had a mother to love and care ;for, them.. And, after- all, it was Ward 'Martin's own fault:, we all agreed that if he hadn't acted the way he did about the trunks, •Aunt. Pow.ell couJd have been reconciled. Then, after Ward. and Sarah went away, the .French maid came in. She protested :and, stormed: and vowed- she would contest the will, and threatened all sorts of dreadful ithings, and at last she became hysterical;andi screamed- until the. neighbors, began. to run 'out into. the street.. Finally the boys.had us 'pack all' Aunt Powelts trunks, and th.en they ga.ve the maid fifty dollars, to take them. 'away and be. satisfied, and so.they sent-the hateful: thing a.way, and we.saw her no more. In due time Abner Powell: and: Lawyer Bonney started away fpr Maine to.: take. possession. of. things,. I wanted Lem to go too,. but he.said it wasn't the thing for re-. cruita to. be too. fresh, and he would, stay home and lit up: with Ward. The. rest 6o us 'whiled: away the long- days. of? Abner~ ;biserice.byplanning and quarrelling in, the moost. excited' manner, now an&d; then tor mentedi by the sight of- Sarahs disappoint ed face, although, she. seldom, met: with. us now. Before.Abner went away. he. resigned Shis place as superintendent in.the paper. mills, • and Ward, who needed: it so,mucbh,wa?.ap pointed:in his place. ' So that after all,' said' Sarah, '.we.hav.e got something out of Aunt PRowell'.wil Seven long,. Ipng, weary days, eight days, nine days. and no Abner. We began, to :speak darkly, in separate groups, and: watch iJennie.closely, for we suspected. that Abner 'had: embezzled, all. the property. and: ran aaway. to,Eprope,. wlere-Jennie. and.the.chil :dren, would join.him.. But on. the tenth.day., 'wjien± most ofi. the family. were assembled; in, Abner's house, the stage. d rove up from the.1 station, andAbner- staggered. into,. the house. }Haggard,. pale as a. ghost, his; beard un -shaven, his eyes sunk in his head and glar- I ing -like a: maniac's, his; hair- tangled, his I clothing rumpled. and awry, and his whole i appearance rough and unkempt, the. man ooked so, gray, sand ghostly, that. we were afraid !, ' What is.it 1 screamed,: seized with a 1 banible fear.. LAbser Powell, what have you 1 done with my forty thousand dollarsP. ' Where is, my bank. stock t shrieked ' Where is mywiey . dollar t- roared Ward Martin.. 'Man,' shouted iamer-Powel,. seizing him by- the. collar, '. don't tell me you. have- been gambling. on the cars, for 1ll, strike you. dead, 1 if you do.' 'Where is- our-awpt'tegaecy t roared 'Siakh Bradley,. collaring the haggard man, on the i other side, The. wretohed creature gasped' twice, on thrice,, and theno said,. iAn a loarse,. strange. voice : ' Thereain't none. 'Then what have you-done with it, you, wretch. ' we. all: screamed,. gathering: close. around him. he very.life seemed to die out of his face, and only the glaring eyes turned toward us as he groaned : '-There never was any.' 'Liar !' everybody _shouted. ' Oh, 'you. awful liar:!- You robber-! You thief ! Oh, '!you: miserable scoundrel! You..dreadful thief.'" And Hamer Powell started; Alice's.boy oA on the.run'to bring a. policeman and the bur gesser and the.bank watchman. to arrest the. brazen-faced embezzler. But just before the policeman made the. arrest,. Lawyer Bonner,; who had.. stopped at Sthe' bank on his way to get Aunt Powell's. tin box, came in and told us everything, for. Abner- was. now- incapable of. coherent, speech, - Aunt Powell's ' manor house''af Skenadob quonooksis. was a little- four-room: cottage,. swallowed up. clear. outne oft sight,. Lawyer.: Bonney said, by.. two. mortg;ages. and a. tax title.and that was all, She.never,- had:a- dol: lar.in:the- world- beyond' her savingsfrom, her salary- as a school-teacher, and. these were all spent since.she came to, Gloster. . The. pine. lands:on; the. St Croixi the- railroad and' mining stock and: Bangor town lots.described. in the will,. were. pleasant fi.ctions. of. Aunt Powell's. brain. There.was one hope left.. he- sealed' and: brass- locked.tin,box. While-we sat stunned and dumb,. lookingat each, other,, the box was opened.. Zt contained: all.our letters of years past, written to her. when. we thought she was very wealthy;. Only these and nothing more., There was a hollow groan, run all round the:r~om, '-For. mercy's. sake, said. Alice,. S'do,pull.down the. blinds.somebody !' n d' then the. boys.and Lawyer Bonney c,; ou?pted:up.alhthe expenses of the funeral a ?d Aýbner'strip.and. the lawyer's expenses and foes. and. we-had to.throw in, and make~ t up the.amoupnt. All but Sarah's husband, he only grinned when, Hamet-told. him, what hisashare-w.ould be. '-Not a cent he protested, shaking his head: 'Aunt Powell didn't leave me e.I any~thing in her will. 'Jt seems. to. me,' said Lem. by-and-by Sibreaking an awful silence with the welcome sound of the human, voice, ' that our aunt Powell. kind of played it on us.' d 'That. ain't the worst of it,' groaned d Abner, rolling his hollow eyes up towards us -' That ain't the worst of it?' * We caught our breath and waited. ] 'Tell us the worst, man,' said Hamer. ' She ain't our aunt Powell, and never Swas,' said Abner, speaking like a dying man. 'r 'Father's sister Lucy married a ship 0 builder and moved down to Bath fifteen years.ago, and,she's living there now. This woman, was.her housekeeper when she lived \- If he finished the sentence nobody heard di him,. her four women faint and one goes ; into.hysterics.at the same time, nobody, in Sthar,o~rnpays ys mch attention to conversa Well imR?w?s-tender as.a mother to me it that niglt.. Only once, after he had put me to.bedand got, me: quited, down, and- was smoothing downmy headache, he said, ' Well, I'xnponly aowell; by, brev.et, and'I never can Stake full"rank, baub--- But I guess I lpooked:too-miserable "to be teased; for he-smiled; stooped, to.kies me, and t suddenly-chaiging his:tone. d 'Andafter-all,2 he said;.'-Ward and:Sarah I are the only ones-who got edaything out of n Aunt Powell's will,. The. guerillas, are in lack~' \- e-u n u 