NEWS AND NOTES. Mass will be celebrated in St. Bridget's Church on Sunday next at 11 o'clock. The South Maldon Football Club desire to acknowledge the receipt of t»»1f a guinea from F. Cavenagh, Esq., to whom the club tender their hearty thanks. A series of pigeon matches were held at Baringhup on Friday. The winners were J. Mudge (2 matches), Winn, and Cameron- . For some time recently scarcely a week elapseE, but that it has been our painful duty to chronicle the demise of "another old identity." In this issue we record tbe death of Mr. Edward Temby, of Templeton-street. who passed from this world into the Unseen on the morning of Monday last, at 4 o'clock. Mr. Temby was bom at Camborne, Cornwall, in 1834. He came to this colony 29 years ago, and lived at Fryerstown for a few years, his avocation teing that of a miner. After that he removed to Maldon, and experienced the usual vicissitudes of a digger's life; ultimately, however, he became a shareholder in the old Alpha Co. (situated near the present Great Western Cymru Co.) and which proved rich in fbe extreme. Messrs. Vivian, Polsue, and .others were his co-partners, and the claim," when " Old *saacson," the Jew was located here, was looked npon as veritably a " jeweller's shop." Since then Mr. Temby has lived an unostentatious and retiring life. Latterly he had not been seen as much in public, no comments were, however, made in regard thereto, the family only knowing that the end was approaching, for some four weeks ago deceased had taken to his bed, knowing that dissolution was at hand, and his presentiments proved only too true, the result being that he passed away without a struggle on the day and hour before mentioned. Dra. Farr and O'Neill were in attendance, and certified the cause of .death to be that arising from heart disease. Deceased lea res a widow and family of fi»'e (the youngest of which is seventeen) to mourn their bereavement. The remains will be .interred this morning at 10 o'clock, Dr. Green being the officiating clergyman. Mrs. Langtry (says St. James's Gazette) has delivered her mind on tbe subject of dress improvers to a New York journalist. She objects to them in toto—or we should rather say, from the shape of the article in globo—and if she bad her way would banish them 'altogether from the ladies' armoury. Their place is to be taken, it seems, and their elevating function discharged by the ideal dress of the future. Mrs Langtry is clear as to the back of thiB dress, but is still in doubt as to its front. This ideal gown, or the back of it, should faintly suggest and indicate the "Greek curve" of the spine, and in extreme cases— presumably when the curve is a good one— should boldly define it Then as to the skirt. In Mrs. Langtry's own words, " From the hips, the skirt of my ideal dress falls to the ground, not full enough to be clumsy nor yet scant enough to be round ; but just full enough and round enough to follow the wearer and not go with her." The percision of this utterance is admirable, but to the plain man, and even woman, its meaning is sadly obscure. Not to go with her! A skirt which does not go with the wearer must—but Mrs. Langtry cannot have meant that. However, whether the ideal skirt goes or stays, there will be no difference of opinion as to the expediency of the dress improver going, mid going at once. On the late Jenny Lind ! 6 first appearanct in Boston she did what all the celebrities of the day who visited that town did—she attended one Sunday the service of an eccentric preacher, then famous, known as the "lar," his real name being Father Taylor. The church was so crowded that some of the hearers bad been pushed up the pulpit stairs. While preaching the erratic parson referred to Jenny Lind, not knowing that she was one of the congregation on the occasion. He spoke of her as the " sweetest of singers who had just recently lighted on our shores." A man at the top of the pulpit stairs at this juncture raised his voice on high and asked the rev. gentleman the following connumdrum: " Would aChristiango to Heaven if he died at one of Jenny lAnd's concerts V The old preacher, turning to the untimely speaker, said :—" A Christian will go to Heaven when he dies, wherever he dies, and a fool will be a fool wherever he is, even thoagh he be on the top of the pulpit Etaiis." A characteristic story at the expense of Sir James Loritrier, the Minister for Defcnce, is just now going the rounds. It is said that during the Rynda's visit to Melbourne, the defence Minister, anxious to show hospitality to tiie visitors, invited theGrand Duke Michaelovitch and the officers to a marine picnic. Finding on enquiry that the marine picnic was intended to take the form of an inspection of the fortifications, the Russians politely declined the invitation, and doubtless feeling that to take advantage of Sir James Lorimer's "kindness" (thoughtlessness ?) would be a contemptible method of obtaining information, certain to come in useful in the event of a war between England and Russia. Ivan the Terrible of RuBsia forgot neither his devotions nor his diversions. For his pastime bears were brought from Fovgorod. When from his window he saw a group of citizens collected, he let slip two or three of these ferocious animals, and his delight on beholding the flight ofjthe terrified creatures, and especially on hearing tiie cries of the victims, was unbounded, his bursts of laughter being loud and long continued. To console those who were maimed for life, he would sometimes send a small piece of gold to each of them. Another of his chief amusements was in the company of jesters, whose duty it was to divert him, especially before and after his executions. But they often pud dearly for an unseasonable joke. Among these jesters none was more distinguished than Prince Gvosdof, who held a high rank at court. The Czar, being one day dissatisfied with a jest, poured over his head a boiling basin of soup. The agonised wretch prepared to retreat from the table, but tbe tyrant struck him with a knife, and he fell senseless and weltering in his blood. Dr. Avenolp was called. "Save my good servant," said the Czar; "I have jested with him a little too hard." "So hard," said the doctor, "that only God, your Majesty, can restore him to life; he no longer breathes." Ivan expressed his contempt, called tiie deceased favourite a dog, and continued his amusement. Another day, while he sat at table, tbe Vbyvod of Staritza, Boris Titof, appeared, bowed to the ground, and saluted him after the customary manner. "God save thee, my dear Voyvod! Thou deservest a proof of my favour," said the Czar, and he Beized a knife and cot off an ear. Titof thanked him for his gracious favour and wished him a happy reign. A novel case has been the means of amusing the New York courts recently, which is an admirable illustration of the trite old adage. Fools • and their money," etc. Miss Emily Guion bad weathered the storms of thirty-five years and had never secured that inestimable blessing, a husband. How this occurred it is hard to tell, for Emily was bar to look upon. And her avoirdupois was one hundred and eighty-two pounds; her family was very respectable, she bad a go*d healthy appetite and twenty-five hundred dollars in the bank. Now a treasure of this kind ought not to have to hunt very long for a husbond. But after waiting all those long weary years and not finding' a fellow, in an evil hour her eye fell on the deluding advertisement of one Wellmau, who promised to furnish eligible wires and husbands at 5 dollars a head. Miss Gnion invested five dollars in Mr. Wellman'e Matrimonial Bureau and three days later she drew a prize in the person of Frank Leroy. ' It is true lie was redheaded, be had lost three of his front teeth, his left leg was a little game and his right eye off color. But a woman who has waited thirty-five years is not supposed to stand upon trifles. Theold adage of the "bird'in nand" struck her with the force of Sullivan's right duke, .so she froze fast to Mr. Leroy at the first meeting. . Leroy was not loth to be frozen to; so after vows of eternal fidelity and fixing the wedding-day, he struck her for a thousand dollars; and then, perfidious brute that he was, he vanished like a ghost! During the few blissful hours that passed between Paradise and Hades, Mr. Wellman struck Emily for fifty dollars, and as she considered her Frank dirt cheap at that price, she paid it without winking. But when he didn't come to time, that was another thing, so she had tiie matrimonial agent arrested for swindling. She may send Wellman to the Penitentiary,- hut her lover Leroy and her thousand-dollars hare "gone where the woodbine twineth." " Broadbrim," in Bendigo Advertiser. A terrific storm, accompanied by high tides, was experienced on Wednesday throughout the coast-line of both North and South Islands of New Zealand. A tidal wave swept along the coast, causing great damage to property. Railway lines have been completely wrecked for many miles, and houses have been levelled to the ground. At Sydney the captain of the steamer Changhsha was fined £120, being a fine of £50 for each Chinaman he allowed to escape from his ship, and in addition -the "sum of £10 per head poll tax for the eEcaped men. D. J. Duggan & Co., auctioneers, of TarnaguUaanaDunoUy, report:—We held an exceedingly successful clearing sale on at account of Robert Cay, Esq- "Elmsford," Newbridge, on Thursday, the 29th ult. The attendance was the largest ever seen at any sale held in the district,_ fully 600 persons being present. The bidding throughout the sale was animated, and competition very keen. We sold pedigree stock (cattle) up to 31 guineas, heavy draught horses to £33, medium to £23 10s., buggy sorts to £16, unbroken colts and fillies from £8 to £12, store cattle (outside stock) 2 to 3-year-old steers, averaged £4 5s. per head, yearlings inade £2 5s. each, and calves (weaners) sold at £1 Ss. per head, fat cows made £6 2s. 6d. each, and springers £5. The Btation plant found ready buyers at -rices beyond the vendor's expectations, as Jd also the household furniture. Buggies sold from £12 10s. to £36 10s., and every other line in proportion. Our Mr. D. J. Duegan wielded the hammer, and became so popular with those assembled that, at the conclusion of the sale, he was awarded three ringing cheers. We are in reoeipt of the current number of the Illustrated Australian Kews, which is of unusual interest. In addition to being a double number it contains a coloured supplement, entitled "Please Buy," in which a flower-girl is endeavouring to dispose of the roses collected in her basket. The other engravings comprise:—Funeral compliments to the late Emperor of Germany—the firing of tbe minute guns from Government House Domain Battery; a beautiful bit of waterscape scenery in New Zealand; seven sketches of how a suburban dairy-farm is carried on; view of the new Queen's Colj, founded by the Wesleyan body, and iated with the Melbourne University, to., &c.;, which make up a very good number. - The April number of the Australian Journal is to hand, and, as usual, is an interesting publication. Mrs. Harrison Lee's Australian story, " Tempted and Tried," is continued from the ninth chapter. "A Reminiscence of the Convict Hulks," by " The Baron," is an attractively written reference to an episode of Australian history. The novels, " Tressellian Court," and " Old Wilis' story" are continued, and, " A Musical Romance," by Southern Cross, is introduced. Mr. Joseph Fraser's able papers on " Phrenology and Physiognomy" are continued. A quantity of other original matter is also afforded space, the whole constituting a very readable number. The report of the directors of the Colonial Mutual Life Assurance Society, Limited, as presented at the last annual meeting of the society on Monday last, has reached this office, and shows that extraordinary progress was made during last year. For the 12 monthB ending 31st December 6,OSS new proposals were received, for sums, amounting in the aggregate, to £2,109,668. Of these 872 were declined or withdrawn, 764 remain in various stages toward completion, and 4,392 were completed, and policies issued amounting to £1,469,7S6. The increased annual premium income from new policies issued during the year was £42,346 10s. 9d. The'chums matured by death and otherwise for the same period, including bonuses, additions, aggregated £47,230 10s. 9d., being within the expectation under the tables of mortality used by the society. These claims were under 156 policies on 150 lives. The returns, from whatever standpoint they may be regarded, are eminently satisfactory. They show that the society's business during the period under notice was larger than during any 12 months of its existence, and place tbe Colonial Mutual office in respect of new business, fourth on the list of all life assurance institutions in the British empire. The steady progress the society is making is due, no doubt, to the excellent manner in which the business is conducted. The branch office established in Great Britain is receiving a large share of support, and proving a source of extensive and profitable business to its society. The office is one worthy the attention of all desirous of making prudent and benevolent provision for their families or friends by means of life assurance. The local optionists suffered defeats at Mount Bowse and Eaglehawk, Sandhurst, on Wednesday last. A terrific storm, accompanied by hail swept over Adelong, N.S.W., on Sunday, doing immense damage. The Church of England steeple was blown down, and the end of the parsonage was blown out. Dozens of houses were unroofed. Orchards, suffered severely, the trees being torn up by the roots. Great damage was also caused to the tobacco crop, which wu nearly ready to be picked. 