The I'olsoned Key of Padua. Another delightful relic of the lifo and times of tbo tyrant of I'udim is nsimpl']key— about tbe Bizo of nn ordinary door key. It was tho key of tbo duke'o librnry in his private room. When ho wanted to get rid of any of his onito or nny person in hia household that be had bitter feelings against ho used to ring his bell nnd ask for Mr. John to bo aout to him — fancy name, of course— and when John entered tho duko would say — ? on, John, i wish you wouui go to uio bookcaac in my private room nnd bring mc the ' Dagonet 1'n'lada,- ' ' Certainly your grr.ee,' Mr. ilolm would say, aud then away ho would trot with tho key in liia band. Whon ho got to tho library lio would put the key in th# luck of tbo bookcaao nnd turn it. But dircctly ho turned it, out of tbo key shot n long, poisoned needle, which stabbed tho band of the holder, aud instantly shot back again, John would drop the koy and Bay,— ? ' What the deuca ivna thnt?' IIo would look nt hi3 hand and seo only a small, dnrk bluo spot. Ho would think nothing of it, but nil of n suddon lie would begin to feci queer in hi3 bead. Presently Hume ono would como in and liud him in a lit on tho floor, nud tbo household would bo nlnrmcd. ' Mr. John has had a stroke or ft fit,' tho pecplo would say. A doctor would ba Bent for, but his sendees would be of no avail. In twenty-four hours Mr. John would ba dead, aud everybody, would tbiukthat ho bad died .in a !U. Thexs. woro no hoi heiUis cosoncrs' Inquests iiiTfToso days to upsot tho plana oE elcvor fellows liko tho Duko Francis, 'Olariaa,' writes to ask,' What is tbo best ago fur matiimony ?' That depends, Claim. Wocan hardly pre scribe without seeing tho patient. For somo girls wo should answer: 'Never;' for others : ' The ago at which you get tho first chance,' ' Why doyoit shake. your head ao despond ently, myfrionil?' aaked a good brother at thecamp.mccting. ' I'm ofrnid tliera i« mighty little hopo for mo,' replied the penitent, brokenly, 'I've been au organisor of brass bands for twenty live years.' 'I can't say that l'ra stuQk on Suo Filz ?percy,' lvmiirtiud Amy. V Sho is llablo to fly off tho handle.' , , ' Yea,' replied Mildrod, mildly correcting lior friend's slang. 'I too havc.obsorv.ed hor tcndctioy to disassociate - herself: from 'tbo hilt with winged colerlly.' ' I vrondor tlmt you daro to lake so grout a risk as going up In n balloon,', said a young lady tonn luronaut. , ; 'There is but little risk, Miss, in going' up,' replied tho man of. highflying ; it ia the coming down that gives ub thu greatest anxiety.' A cat that playa tlio piano Is said to bo tho latest wonder. Tlio croaturo's ex hibitions are in no way remarkable, however, wucn merely to nang away ac tne Koyo Is termed, ns it is now, playing ; tho cat who could not bo taught tu do as well ns thnt ought to bo shot. 'Did the cloao reserablanoo botween a glu.sc and a balloonist over strlko you 2' asked the Snake Editor. 'No,' replied tho llorao Editor, 'IIow do they resemble each other 2' ? » Weil, a balloonist is an rarounut,' 'Yea ; but what is n ghost 2' , 11 It's an airy nought, too.' 'Patron : ' I wonder why n beard doesn't grow mi my face.' . Barber: ' I don't know, Perhaps tho caiiBa 1j hereditary.' - '???I iliui't thiiilc so. My father hod a mag* uifliei'iil beatd,' ' - ' ' Perhaps an, but your mother hadn't. I knew hor well.' ' And so you havo brought my beautiful Alpnoiiio home, have you, like nu honoet man, instead of keeping bim yourself, as yoti m'glit easily have dono ?' Bald tUo delighted lady aa Bho fondled tho poodle, ' Worv you not etmntily tempted to keep the dariing creature?' ' No mum,' replied tho incorruptiblo innuj ns ho pocketed tho reward, ' It weren't no temptation. I couldn't have sold ,his bide or a shilling at this season of the year,, muni.' . .y j. Socdy Party (to barman) :.'Giiumo a gin fizz.' ?, . IJAmiAN : ' Yes, Bir. Do you want It ox. tra fizzy ? ' Seedy I'AniT : ' No, extra glnny,' . All exchango Bays wo have a right to' take an umbrella or a kiss without permission' wherever wo can. Well; but it tho umbrella Isn't .returned tho fault is ours j if tho kiss i isn't it is the lady's, ' 