SUNDAY SKETCHES. A NEW PREACHER AT ALL SAINT'S ST. KILDA. It had been announced recently that the Rev. Charles Vaughan, late vicar of Camp- belltown, Tasmania, had accepted the curacy of All Saints', St. Kilda, and as the rev. gentleman was not without fame in his own country, it was natural, perhaps, that a large congregation should assemble. The church was fairly filled, and it is a large church. Men were numerous also in the congregation, and it is not without some expectation that men quit their cool bal- conies after so sultry a day as yesterday to sit for an hour and a half in a crowded church. All went with expectation probably, and it may truly be said the majority did not go away in company with disappointment It was Palm Sunday, and the always beautiful chancel was tastefully decorated with palms. The choir also was full and effective ; indeed it seemed that the choir had overflowered the stalls, and taken up a secondary position in the western gallery. Certainly there were some unsurpliced boys up there who were not untrained. Perhaps they have got the best boys in Melbourne at All Saints', but the best boys are not quite so good as good girls for the rendering of sacred music' or anything elae. The psalms and canticles were nicely chaunted, hut the anthem did not shako the roof, or- stir iu man's minds the depths of devotion-or adora- tion. And was it not singular to choose such an anthem for Palm Sunday? It seemed appropriate for one day only -the church's celebration of the Crucifixion. It was, indeed, an attempt at a musical portrayal of that tremendous scene -the soloist assum- ing the part of the expiring Christ, the chorus of the reviling Jews. The soloist sang the great words entrusted to him with pathos and power ; doubtless the chorus also sang the music correctly, and to the satisfaction of their teachers. The new curate has a fair presence, rather that of a matured coadjutor than a nice curate, and a good and well trained voice. His intonation was very satiscactory, and in reading the lessons be evinced an apprécia tion ot the exceptionally beautiful liberalism of those particular passages of Scripture which gave promise of something better than usual when he should have come to the ex- pression of his own thoughts The text made a fair opportunity "Thou knewest the time of the visitation." It was Christ's last lament over Jerusalem, made in the full knowledge of the fast approach ing close of her visitation, and in the vivid realisation, not of His own passion and death, but of her impending doom,the preacher passed from a briet glance at the ignorant neglect of Jerusalem to the visita tions which nations frequently receive and neglect. Their visitations he regarded chiefly as their trial times, their crises, the occasions when it was required of them to decide and to act. It did not appear that any particular nation or time was indicated, no instance modern and ancient, was given only there was an earnest desire expressed that when the visita- tion came those who could recognise and ap- precíate and accept it might hold the sway. The church was next considered -the church which did not always recognise her dava of visitation or otherwise. How did the schisms vv Inch rent and divided her arise? lhe preacher instanced some three schiBms the Plymouth Brethren the mosttecentof them -and he held that each had beeu caused by the neglect of tbo church to teach fully and clearly the nature ot various sacraments The connection between this neglect and the non recognition 01 various days of visitation was not quite clear And it might be asked why not oller a little explanation of the pur acular neglect which has occasioned tho last and areatost schism tho church has known? Hie Salvation Anny is greater than the Hy mouth Brethren, as a world wide movement is greater than a parochial eli ort Has that Mown through neglect ot any particular visitation! liulj, yes-a visitation which has come to the church and the churches often and m vam In dealing with the visitations to indi v .duals, tho preacher touched his beat heights of pathos and eloquence He was clpar on the constant v iBitalions of powers benign and malignant until ona was fully accepted or the other triumphed He pictured the open mind of the child fully receptive, though hardly retentive, of the truth of the All giving Good, ot the man nilling for the most part, to nccept, hut making certain re BcrvnlioiiB by which ho wrought and scaled his own doom Io make any reservation was an attempt to drive a burmun lhere must be absolute surrender, acceptance, recognition Hie reservations usually made by« omen seemed to tho preache* to bo in the matter of dress and frivohtj lheir little vanities were so otten the treasure houses of their lives and the charnel houses of their BOUIS The great and good ideal 9! the eonbecrated womanhood was eloquently upheld though not perhaps accurately dehned, and the special visitation which led to consecration certainly left un touched 'Consecrated Womanhood would indeed be an adimrible text for a future sermon, and the Rev Charlea Vauuhun might in such a sermon make himself char and more useful perhaps than he has >et lmugincd A taitution generally, of course, he ropardod ss the approach ot God to man, the prompt- ing ot the Hol} Ghost, the more than ordi- narily strong monitions of the spiritual and divino guide. '1 he> carno through the church at times through her sacraments and tile special seasons of her year ; through lier preach«», whose message was too often regarded and criticised na a mere secular effort, when in reality it should be the communing of God with man. He was earnest in his ixpres Bions of hope that ii visitation came ever through the voice of the church or her preacher, ev en as Nathan's unto David, ' 1 bou are the man," it might not be put aside , and eloquent in advice that tho chances of visita- tion which tne Passion Week would otter might not bo neglected He believed evidently in the elhcacy of Budden culls A visitation might be a call, and might at any moment come, und with unmistakable clearness and furco, and lor tho last tune. A timo indeed would como when visitations would certainly cease. The doja would not continue forever. The sin against the Holy Ghoat was still to bo Binnod, and tho tate of the Foolish Virgins still possible, to those who were lully determined not to know. There was no doubting the earnestness ot the preacher, nor any room for criticism as to the thoroughness with w hich ho had pre* pared his sermon, or tho eloquence with which he delivered it. It waa, however, reading, not preaching Mr Vnnghan docs not speak to his audience in nny sense. Ile reads, anti they may listen His reading ia good and his matter is good, but it ia not as the direct speech from heart to heart. AIBO it must be said the reading is alwojs as from a churchman to church members. One might bo tempted to say the now curate of All Saints' is u minister of iho church li rat and a member of the human family next. He seemed to ignora nil those visitations which come throuuh the direct appeal of aull'eriini or for charity. Visitation was more likely to como with tlio sucranients and ordinances of tlio church than willi " tho bitter cry ol' the children,',' or the pathetic appeal from the slums. It was luck of doutrimil teaching and not IICRIOCI of human Christian duty that wr.op.Kht schisms. All these notions may hnvc crown amoimst Tas- manian hills, lind therefore muy suffer some purgation and amendment by contact with Melbourne's floree and busy life ; and if so it be, we BIIU!! by and by not practical and rueful sermons from Mr. Vaughan, na now we have had a nice pleasant Anxllcau dis- course, eloquently delivered und clearly com- posed. _-_i. . . M. IIKNAN lins undertaken to'write for n Kreuth periodical on the rollins of David and Solomon, in which the writer will continue his story of tim people of Israel froui.the Bolnt to which the. volume recently published riñes tho reader. " ROOTJII OX ITOII."-" H0U5I1 on Itch " carss ?kin humours, eruptions, rlinrworm, tettsr, salt rheum, trotted leot, clilltilaliii, Itchi Ivy poíno, barbar« Itch,-I Avvr, I 