TURF GOSSIP. By Augcb. All things considered the opening meeting ol the Mentone racecourse -was a success, in a pecuniary sense at all events, for there was a very big attendance. Yet several alterations will nave to be effected ere it can be considered a perfect racecourse. The natural advantages of the1 ground have not been utilised as they might have been, and the turn leading oat of the Course was so generally condemned that I am Bare the M.R.C. will at once take steps to have it improved. The weighing-bouse, fee., will also have to be moved further back, and while this is being done some alteration might be made in the construction of the building. The jockeys' room is so placed that its occupants have to cross the passage leading to the stewards' room to get to the I scales. This is a defect which can be easily remedied. Although the grand staud is not in its proper position it is one of the best wooden edifices in Australia, creditable alike to the architects, Messrs. Pitt and Sal way, and to the builder, Mr. Gamlin. It is about 180tt in length, and will accommo- ] date about 2,500 people; True the luncheon accommodation is very limited, and the pressmen might have received a little more consideration, bat these defects are, I believe, to be remedied, and when the whole of ihe ground is well-grassed, and the altera tions effected, there will not he much to find fault with. Owners and trainers complained of the loose roots in thp birdcage, which will, no doubt, receive due attention from Mr. Potts ere another meeting is held at Mentone. With the limited time at its disposal the club doubt less did wonders, bat it would have been all the better for everybody had the meeting not taken place nntil some time in November. The running ground was in very fair order considering that it had only been made a few weeks, and the racing was disposed of with out an accident, excepting that Sinking Fund and his rider parted company in the Hurdle Race. The Inaugural Stakes produced a slashing race, even though it was contested by a small field of horses, and Lapidiat's daughter Cat's Eye just wore down Maroney. Woodbine's victory in the Hurdle Race was a surprise to most people, and the style in which bridegroom sailed home in front for the All Nations Handicap would have gladdened the heart of his breeder, Mr. R. J. Hunter, had be been present His trainer, P. Kelly, was entitled to a win, for second and third had been his place for some time. Bridegroom can boast of an excellent pedigree, seeing that be is by Maribyrnong from the imported mare Brides maid, by Cramond. Priuce Consort won the Exposition Stakes cleverly enough, but Grandee, a very smart son of Splendor and Colima, made him gallop, and Constance shaped respectably. Among those not placed I liked very much a filly named Delga, by Richmond from Zelpha, and Milton, Cam bridge, and St George would pass muster in any crowd of two year olds. Prince Consort was bred by Mr. W. Blackier, at Fulham park. andon the advice of Walter Hicken botham, he was purchased by his present owner for the small sum of 50 guineas. There are feW, It any, more promisiug youngsters, and ibis gratifying to know that he is in such good hands as those of Hickenbotham. Few people were prepared to see Stanley cut such a eorry figure as he did in the Mentone Cup. I must confess that I didn't like the look of faimbMpre he went out, for the sweat upon bla fianks was hot pleasant for hia backers to gun apop. He ran vary badly, too badly to be his tree form, aa be will prove at some future time. There was weeping and wailing among Leroy's friends when they saw Mick O'Brien so far ont of his ground during the early portion of the race, and when he did come, and Bamnge on Dividend beat him, there was a general expression of opinion that if O'Brien had been nearer the leaders half a mile from home, Mr. Gill's horse would have won ; but those who gave vent to their feelings did not notice that he was badly interfered with at the first (urn. No two horses ever went to the post fitter than Leroy and Dividend, and though Ram age had not shaken off the effects of the severe attack of rheumatism which laid him up for some time he never rode a better rase. Vermont and Sorella were pretty dose op at the finish, and for some distance Rich Baby looked as dangerous as anything, but he died away when the real struggle commenced, the quality of the company being superior to that which be met at Moonee Valley and Horling ham-park. Among the radng men of Aus tralia there is no greater enthusiast, there is no harder worker than Mr. Samnel Cook, and he well deserved a victory. _ He has run many seconds and thirds with Dividend, and this prevented him backing the horse for anything like a big stake. Dividend, who is by Bolton Green from Frou Frou, was bred at Glenor miston by Messrs. Finlay, and Mr. J. V. Smith bad the good fortune to buy bis dam at the break-up of the etud. Backers re ceived another facer in the Cheltenham Handicap, for they settled on to Meteor and Julian Gray as the good things of the event, but the Gippsland representative Mus tang had the race in hand _ half a mile from home, and won with ridicnlons ease. Meteor, who looked remarkably well, thus again disappointed his friends. Directly the last race was over there was a rush to the railway station, and as there was but a single line to work npon, a good deal of crashing took place, but Traffic-Superintendent Moore and Inspector Bell managed everything well, and most of the visitors got to town in good time, albeit one train was oyer an hour on the journey. Not) caring to straggle for a place I, in com pany with Mr. Bond and two or three other friends, strolled through the beautiful wild flowers to Mordialloc, where we enjoyed some of the delicious fish which abound in the vicinity, and returned qnietiy to town by the 8 o'clock train. And now let me tell the Mentone authorities what they most do if they wish to make their course a success. First of all they mast improve their running ground bo that the objectionable tarn shall_ not be a source of danger. The weighing-house, jockeys' room, &C-;, must be placed in a position where they will not interfere with the view from the atand; the fignres on the telegraph board most be made so that they can be distinguished at a distance; the whole of the ground must be well grassed; there mast be a plentiful planting oi trees to provide shelter in the summer months, or the public will not go to Mentone, and the track must be liberally top-dressed. If these suggestions be carried out there will be no lack of public patronage. At Roeehill Alchemist did not keep up the reputation be gained when he won eo easily npon a previous occasion. Mr. William Gannon has always maintained that to be successful on the txuf it is essential that yon should purchase yearlings and two year olds. He lutenda to try to prove it, and, therefore, his success with Merriment in the Hobart ville Plate is all the more gratifying. A man with his ideas is a true friend to breeders. A good natural judge, he selects bis horses upon breeding and conformation, and in Sweet William, Arsenal, The Australian Peer, Miss Thirza, and Merriment he has made no mis-, take Merriment is by his favourite sire Goldsbrough from Happy Thought, by The Barb from Mefrythougbt, by Peter Wiikins from Reflection, by Sngar from Mirror, to whom Nelson runs back. Merrythought was bred in Tasmania by the Hon. John Lord, who will feel delighted at the success of the descendants of the old mare he imported from England so many years ago. Merriment is full brother to Sorella and half-brother to Tom Brown. Judgiug from the manner in which The Queen ran in the City and Suburban Handi cap. she is in form this season, and we are likely to hear from Mr. John Mayo ere the bells ring out the old year and ring in the new. Cinderella, who won tha Sprinters Handicap, is a New Zealand mare, who came to Australia with excellent credentials. The betting will show what was thought of her chance, and, as she won very easily, u is quite certain that her home reputation was in no way over-coloured. Her aire, Javelin, will be rememberd as one of the best and handsomest of Yattendon's sons—a good racehorse, too, as he proved when he de teated Hamlet in the A.J.C. Derby. Cinde rella's dam Renga is by Diomedee from Waimes, the good old Sir Hercules mate, who produced Manuka, Papapa, Wainoi, Puriri, Toi-toi, and others in New Zealand. Javelin's sire, Yattendon, was also by Sir Hercules (son of Cap-a-pie), and his dam, Lilla, gave us The Alpaca, the dam of Wood lands and other good horses. First Flaneur, who won the BosehiH Cup, iB a most fashionably-bred horse. He is by the Derby and Cup winner Grand Flaneur, from i he imported mare Fair Duchess, by Blair Athol trom Miss Roland, by FiUroland, from Miss Bowser, the dam of that wonder ful two-year-old Lady Elizabeth, who be longed to the Marquis of Hastings, and after being backed for hundreds of thousands tor the Derby ran nowhere. First Flaneur was a pretty fair performer last season, when he carried Tat. 5!b., and won Tatterssll sClnb Handicap by four lengths, Keith, 7st 101b., bciiiK wscDud| 10 thftt on this winninjr be should t>e about good ftu auiui&l; m I was under the impression we should not see him at his best until the Melbourne Cap, ra which he is handicapped at 7st 21b., but a penalty of 7fb. has been incurred by this victory, and this will bring hie weight up to 7at 9ih Hw handicap weight in the Caulfield Cap is 7st. 121b., and to this, too, he has to put np a 71b. penalty. Touchstone ran a good oolt, but be was receiving 101b. from First Flaneur, whose handicap weight in the Hawkeabury Handi cap is 7«t 121b. His penalty tor the latter race is 101b., which will bring h» weight up to Sat. 81b. Keith, who was a red-hot favourite for some rime, never cstne sntRh, but may improve upon this performance at Hawkesbury to-day. Mr. John Mayo, who is one of the beat judges in all Australia, purchased First Flaneur last season for 260 guineas, and he has well repaid <him by winning a good stake early in the season. Savant who won the Granville Stakes, was once the property of Mr. W. B. Dalley, and white congratu lating Mr. F. M'Donald npon his success, I cannot help regretting that the colt did not carry the colours of Australia's moat gifted orator. ,. , Friends of the "instrument which cannot lie " will be delighted as well as surprised at the Totalisator Bill passing tha Legislative Council of South Australia. Although it was believed that the totalisator would again be legalised in South Australia, it waa generally imagined that at least another memoo would oaaa era it beouw 1Mb Mr* & Jlakwa attempt to rush It through was, I am glad to aay, frustrated, because it would oot bare been altogether satisfactory bad the object been gained by a fluke. Everybody will be clad to see that the Council made important amendments in the bill. That which pre vents anybody Under 21 years of age invest ing in the instrument is a step in the right direction, and by restricting it to certain courses, and only a limited number of days in the year, the members of the Council have acted with wisdom. Nobody wishes to see the totalisator abused as it was by those cormorants who wished merely to m»ke money by it when it was in existence some years ago; and if there is the slightest attempt., to repeat the objectionable practice all who have the true interests of the turf at heart in South Australia will set their faces against it Of the speeches made in favonr of the bill that of lib. J. If. Gordon was far and away the best He handled the subject in an able manner, and though not a sporting man himself, recognised the fact that racing was an amusement to many thousands, ana believed that the bill wonld minimise the evils which attended it Mr. R. C. Baker, in reply to the objections urged again*, c the legalisation of the totalisator, also dealt with the subject in a manner which showed how well he understood it The bill was returned to the Assembly on Wednesday, and the amendments of the Council were agreed to. All that is now required is ihe'Governor'a consent, and in all prnoability the machine will be utilised at the Hunt Club Meeting. Here we are within a few days of the A. J.C. spring meeting, and scarcely a blow struck upon the Metropolitan, which in years gone by provided plenty of speculation directly after the Sydney Cup was decided. Cash betting is becoming more and more popular with the public, and perhaps it is as well for the interests of the turf that it Bhonld be thus, for "short reckonings make long friends." With cash (retting in- vogue the backer doesn't go on to the course with a lot of dead money in bis boob-; and though fce may get on to one that is suffering from "rigidity," he has the satisfaction—poor one though it may be—of having a start for his money. Saturday next is the A.J.C. Derby day, and as the Hon. James White has scratched Volley for Ha wkesbury, her admirers are in the dark respecting her three year old form. She has done remarkably well at Randwick, but while Payten has not in any way overtaxed her, there are whispers of the filly being quite forward enough. She has not the back ribs of a Martini-Henry, therefore it is possible that a strongly-rnn mile and a half may find her out, and then what a commotion there will be in the camp of her followers, who in our Derby and Can betting have so blindly coupled her with everything in the big handicap. Whatever she may do at Randwick, 1 feel satisfied she will not win the V.R.C. Derby, for which I much prefer Lonedale. This colt finished like a game one when he ran|in|the Maribyrnong Plate, and in November 1 expect to see him at his best. The starters for the A.J.C. Dsrby will probably consist of half a dozen from tbe following:—Volley, Lonsdale, En sign, Wycombe, Melo->, Cinaron, Grey wing, Pearlshell, and Lamond. Grey whig is a colt whom I saw run very well at the Queens land Tnrf Club MAy meeting, and since he arrived at Randwick he has created a very favourable impression indeed. | hear very good accounts of Pearlshell, a filly whom 1 expect to see stay well, and the better of Mr. W. Gannon's two colts may have something to say at the finish. Wycombe is brother to Bargo, who won in 1884, and Melos is brother to The Broker and Melodious, both of whom could gallop ; but I f.tncy the places will be filled by Lonsdale, Volley, and Pearlshell. Tbe Metropolitan Stakes ought to give an idea of the quality of some of tbe New South Walesliorsesengaged in the Melbourne Cup. 11 A'oercorn be a starter depend upon it {he will be there or thereabouts, for he is a racehorse of the first water. He and Tbe Australian Peer will probably meet in the weight-for-age races, unless Mr. White prefers to stand upon Carl/on, who seems to be galloping in better form than his stable companion. It The Jewel were quite fit he would be one of the most dangerous horses in the race, but it is thought that be will be served by a little time. At present I've a fancy for Frisco^ Cardigan, and tbe better of Mr. Gannon's pair, Arsenal and Touchstone. Entries for the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting close at the V.R.C. offices on Monday next, September 17. The programme con sists of half-a-dozen events, first on the list being a Selling Race of 100 sovg., five far longs. A Hurdle Race of 200 sovs. follows this, and as it will be run over a miter and a half and a distance there ought to be a goodly number of entries. The Hunt Club Cup is a welter handicap steeplechase, in which the competitors will have to be. ridden by members of recognised hunt clubs. No horse wilt be eligible which has started in an open hurdle race or steeplechase within one year of the race, and the horses must have hunted at least once within one month of the race. A handicap on the flat comes next, and to this the club adds 250 sovs.; the distance is only six furlongs, a coarse which so many horses are partial to. A. Steeplechase of 209 sovs. and a Corinthian Flat Race of 125 sovs. complete the list. At tbe Calcutta races in August, the Ascot Stakes was won by an Australian chestnut gelding named The Ghost. I suppose this must have been our old friend who onct occupied a box in the late Sir. J. G, Daffett'i stable at Can I field. He did not come in firsts that position being held by another Ana tralian named Cupola, who, in these climes, carried the jacket of Mr. John Cleeland.'baf be crossed The Ghost, and a protest against him was upheld. An Australian pony named Far North (late Tom), won the Lilliputiaa Stakes, beating severs! Indian-bred ponies. They go in for high-toned names at Calcutta, for another, race was called the Goodwood Cup, which fell to an Australian named The Gift For the wind-up they had a jumping competition for ponies, and an Australian named Little Dan beat 12 others, mostly composed of Indian bred and Arabs. Tht totalisator did a roaring business through out the day, and is now very popular in India. Lovers of sport will bear in mind that the meeting to be held at Elsternwick- park to-day is in aid of the charities. Sporting men are proverbially charitable in their nature, and I hope this afternoon that they will assemble in thousands to asBist in the good cause. The programme is a good one, and will open with tbe Sapling Stakes, in which the juveniles of the tnrf will have an opportunity of showing us what they ate capable ot Gbandbs, on tbe strength of his rnnning at Mentone on Saturday, is entitled to the post of houour, and he or En ought to win. For tbe Hurdle Raoe I fancy IkcidIWT, Riwrga, and DbswbUi, and the winner of the Brighton Handicap may come bMtt RlOHWORTH, AMITA, and iBHtUJb':pM Selling Race wiiiettract batesmaljjielo, qf which I prefer-Tbo* taMor M&bokkt.; DictfSwiveHtffras* the Elsternwick-park Handicap,' ' likely *keentsn ^Thato/ animated «t M* Wi •election, however, dull be Crown Bbasd. j and next to him may come St, Loris and ■ Paikakabikl Mr. J. Crippe complains very j loudly of the handicapping of Boz and Mistle toe, whom he scratched directly he saw the weights. In Sydney as well as Melbourne there are | people who object to public reserves bang | given up to racing or trotting clnbe, and a Btrong effort is to be made to put a atop to the meetings held by the Sydney Driving-park Club on the Agn-; cultural Society'a ground at Moore- park. | Some weeks ago the Agricultural Society, j which holds the ground under a lease from : the City Council, was informed that the lease convered no authority to allow trotting meetings, and that if they were condoned the matter wonld be taken in hand by the mayor. No notice was taken of the com munication, and the mayor has again written to the society notifying that if any further trotting meetings took place on the ground the gates most be open for the free admission of the pnbiic. I don't believe in public reserves being given up to any body of men to make money out oL If the Sydney Drivine park Club is so anxious to provide sport, its members should purchase a piece of ground somewhere on the banks of the Parram&tta;, mid lay out a nice little course, or I daresay the Warwick Farm, Rosehill, or Korgarah course would be available on certain days in the year, when the promoters need have no fear of being interfered with for illegally charging to a pnbiic reserve intended tor a totally different thing to racing. The programme of the Bendigo Jockey Club Spring Meeting appeared among the late Advertisements last week. The dates chosen are Wednesday and Thursday, No vember 28 and 29, and the opening event is the Telegraph Stakes of 60 6ovs., a handicap ; of six furlongs, which is followed by a Hurdle j Race of 100 sovs. The Sandhurst Cup oi 250 j bovb. is a handicap of a mile and a quarter, and is succeeded by a Selling Raceoi GO sovs., a Selline Hurdle Race of 70 sovs., and a | Ladies' Bracelet, in which the nominator of j the winner will receive a bracelet value 60' eovs., and the second one of 20 soys., or specie can be taken if preferred. First on the list for the second day is & Selling Race of 75 sovs.. and nexr to this conies the Ben digo Handicap of 175 sovs., one mile and a distance. To the Steeplechase the ciub gives j 120 sovs., and the Epsom Handicap has 60 j sovs. added. The other events are a Time ; Handicap Trot of 70 sov»., three miles, ana the Spring Handicap of 70 sovs., one mile Entries close with the hon. secretary, Mr. J. C. Stamp, on November L Richmond's stock are showing some form this season. Already his son Prince Consort has performed respectably in the three races which he has figured in, and I notice that The Flower, who came over here for the two year-old race run at Caulfield, won the race for juveniles at the Adelaide Licensed Vic tuallers' meeting on Saturday. She ia by Richmond from Camellia, and is engaged in the Maribyrnong Plate. There is no reason why Richmond shonld not be one of the best sires in all Australia, for his breeding is first class, and we have seldom had a better three year old than he was. Hie owner, Mr. W. Blackler, need not despair, I think, for with such mares as he has in the Fu I ham-park Stud, the son of Maribyrnong is almost cer tain to be successful. On Tuesday next Mr. Cox will hold another " mixed " meeting at Moonee Valley. The races include a Maiden Plate for two year-olds, and Epi, Grandee, and Radoo look like filling the places. Revenge or Yet Again ought to win the Selling Hurdle Race, and Derision or Fancy Free the Selling Race. The ponies I don't care to touch upon. The Hawkesbury Handicap will be ran this afternoon, and it is just possible that one of the defeated in the Rosehill Cop will carry off the prize. I've a fancy for Kehb, and next to him Plctabch and Elsie. In another column will be found the list of winning owners daring the past season. The Hon. James White once more heads the list, the squire of Kirkham having won more than four times the amount won by anyotherowner. The total amount of bis winnings is £16,728, so that he must have had a substantial balance in band at the end of the season. In four years Mr. White has won no less than £55,000 in stakes, and his Btnd is now four times as valuable as it was a few years ago. Well, no man better deserves to be suc cessful on the tnrf, and if some of our wealthy sportsmen were to adopt the same system as he does they would not have to be continually deploring their bad luck. Mr. White's lack consists of good manage ment and straight-going. Mr. William Gannon is only a moderate second with £3,750, bnt he means to make a bold bid for first place this season. Another New South Wales turfman—the Hon. W. A Long—is third on the list, and then comes Mr. R. Donovan, who owes his position to Dunlop. New South Wales provides the next three in Messrs. J. Chambers, H. Oxenham, and W. C. Cooper, and then comes a Victorian in Mr. M. Loughlin, next to whom is Mr. John Mayo. In the birdcage at Mentone on Saturday I saw three two year olds by Larpent, and was much struck by one of them, a daughter of Aspen.thedonbleNewmarketwiuner. Another from Princess Royal, the dam of Prince Im perial, is also a very creditable specimen of the thoroughbred yearling; and one, if not both, of these youngsters ought to be heard of this season. The trainers residing near the Caulfield racecourse are anxious to have a subway under that portion of the railway which leads from the main road to the. racecourse. There have been several narrow escapes from serious accidents at the level crossing, and if the Railway Commissioners will only grant the request that is to be made to them they will confer a boon upon everybody who visits the Caulfield course, Mr. James Redfearn has requested me to notify that three boys named Richard Brown, Archie Peck, and James Hughes have left his service without leave, aud he requests trainers to remember the rule which applies to boys who desert trainers' service. ■ Dick Swiveller has arrived at Flemington, and has been placed in charge of J. Nichol son, who trained Dunlop for the last Mel bourne Cup. He is ridden every morning -K^r*v. Harpers, who rode last year's Cnp It it tiald that Tradition has also arrived i l district, .^ws tias been received of the steamshi londara haying pfte$ed Thursday Islan $ 1988 °t «e«n horses. This ship ha jpard toe. selected by Messn it them wei r-' i- Bac jafewdays ago,bi fim&ller.tmlj; two horei tirongl B-Hurdi ore. el Jbai tor it, and in the list for the Altona Bracelet there are bat 10, while the Steeplechase has filled with five. Considering the liberal manner in which the dab acted, the response from owners is somewhat disappointing. _ For the V.RG Sires' Produce Stakes, which dosed on Monday, 21 stallions hare been nominated. I miss the names of Sn war row, Precious Stone, Coronet, and other Victorian sires, yet this colony is well represented by First Kinp, Robinson Crusoe, Newminster, Progress, Boolka, and Calma. It is gratifying to find Mr. Andrew Town in the lot with Sardonyx, Trenton. Monmouth, Grand Flaneur, and Cheviot, and New Sonth W ales also has Chester, Goldsbrongh, Albury, and Martini-Henry ; but I cannot understand Splendor's absence. South Australia nomi nates Richmond, Gang Forward, ana Neckersgat, and New Zealand Nordenfeldt and St, Leger, while Tasmania is represented by The Assyrian. Cranbourne races take place on the 24th October. The programme appears this week, but has no reference to the dosing of stakes, chief amongst wbich are the Steeple chase of 50 sovs.. and Cranbourne Handicap of 40 so vs. It also includes a Hurdle Race of 30 bo vs. the Gill Stakes of 3D so vs., Selling Hurdle Race of 20 so vs., District Amateur Hurdle Race of 25 sore., and Dis posal Stakes of 39 sova Yarrawonga races will be held on Tuesday next, and as the different events have filled very well there is likely to be some good eport The acceptances and general entries are due on Monday. ! B. Winter left for Sydney during the week, j and was accompanied by Efleralie, who ] is engaged in the jumping races of the AJ.C. Included in the £8 3s. forwarded by Mr. Way on behalf of Fred Johnson's widow j last week, was a guinea from Mr. W. R. Randle, and the same Enm from Mr. D. Evans, both of Malvern. I am afraid Duniop's racing career ft over, i his dicky lee having given way. He ought to make a great sire, tor he was a brilliant per tortner, possesses a first-class pedigree, and is cne ot the best-shaped horses in Australia. What more need a studmaster desire? Those who believe in roogh-riding should go and see Professor Hyland ride wild bul locks. He is a marvel at the business. Lord Deerhurst, who will be remembered in connection with a case in which a book maker named Sutton was concerned, has j-lined a firm of well-known brokers on the London Stock Exchange. Dandenong entries close on Monday. Entries for the Springvate meeting will ] close at Bowee'e Tatterealls' at 8 pm. < Thursday next September 20. Kohai and the Tinman have been struck out of the Caulfield Cop, and Venture and j Folly have been withdrawn from the Mel-1 bourne Cap. Mr. T. S. Clibborn returned to Australia by the steamship Orizaba, and went on ova land to Sydney. Messrs. Wm. C. Yoille and Co. report having 6oId this week the following race horses :—Elti, b g, 6 yrs, by Robinson Crusoe from Melanie, to Mr. J. Crippe, for 35 guineas; Miss Markie, br m, 6 yra, by Glenmarkie, to Mr. J. Gardiner, for 15 guiheas; Churchill, br c, 3 yrs, by Newminster from Primrose, to Me. S. Davis, for 475 guineas. Also, privately, the brown colt Joyful, 4 yrs, by Glorious from M&ngana;, to Messrs. MacMeikan, Smith, and Watson. Slanderer has sired many winners daring the time be has been at the stnd in Victoria. There have been few better burdieracera than his son The Agent, and Scobeloff, Irralee, Lady Hampden, Dee well, and other winners he can claim. This season Slanderer is an nounced to stand at Sugarloaf Creek, four miles from Tallarook, and as he is one of the lew Traducer sires in Victoria, he should be well worth the attention of those who own good mares in the vicinity. The conditions of the A.J.C. Summer Cup appear this week. As usual, it is a handicap sweep of 10 so vs. each with 500 sove. added, and the distance aa a mile and a half. Entries close at the A.J.C. or V.K.U office cm Wednesday, October 10. The New York Spirit of (lie Timet ba8 the following :—" L. E. Myers, the champion pedestrian, returned to this city on Saturday last, after a sojourn of 18 months in Aus tralia, and iB in ecstasies over the colonial racehorses. Myers has seen a great deal of racing, is a keen observer, and his opinion is entitled to respect He says the Australian bred horses are wanting in the quality of the American horse, but are more substantial. They attain greater size, more bone and muscle, "many of them looking like out horses." The New Zealand bred ones are the best. He considers Mitrailleuse, the mare by the English horse Musket, one of the fleetest he ever saw. Niagara is another of his favourites. Abercorn and The Australian Peer be thinks so evenly matched that 51b. would turn the result either way. Compared with our horses Myers thinks the Australians better stayers, but hardly as fleet as ours in sprinting. He goes so far aslto consider Dunlop able to beat The Bud, but of course, all snch estimates can only be mere conjecture. We are apt to be carried away by undue enthusiasm which profuse hospitality and exciting memories inspire." Messrs. Campbell and Sons will hold a sale of horses, suitable for Indian remounts, at Kirk'e Bazaar, on Tuesday next On Thursday, September 27, Messrs.' Sbackell and White (in conjunction with MesBra. O'Farrell and Son), will hold a special sale of 250 horses, at the Echuca sale yards. One of the stoutest racehorses of his time was Savanaka, whose rash in the Melbourne Cup will never be forgotten by those who wit nessed it, especially Paddy Pigotb "who was riding Me. White's oolt He had his revenge some time after, when he turned the tables upon Chester in the Sydney Cup, previous to which he was victorious in the Australian Cup. This eeason be is announced to aland at St Kilda, and travel the surrounding dis trict at the moderate fee of 5 guineas. Mr. Martin Lougblin is progressing slowly towards recovery, but is as yet unable to leave Ballarat The next meeting ot the Ballarat Miners' Tnrf Club baa been fixed for the. 26th Octo ber, and prizes to the amount pi £300 will be given. Messrs. O'Farrell and Sons offered at their yards, Ballarat, on Saturday, the 8th invfc, the well-known horse Euchre, and did not get a better offer than £20, .at' which price he was passed in, the owner havipg decided not to part with the once famous steeplechaser under £25. At one time £100 or £400. could have been readily got for Euchre. Mr. Bradshaw bad a glorious day for his meeting at Richfield, hut the attendance was not a very large one. M was not present, but those who were tell methatthe disqualifica tmn of, ihs ponyj^io and the judge'sde cis^ lathe t&flgra; did not give .entire wtisfactfon.' -rAs eotaebody nbt'asteward told-tiieboy on SioHo to dismount, that portidhiof the rple which jprovides that »he j sSasMsftte i van satisfy thh ate wards that lie was lustifled: by extra ordinary circumstances{tai&ht; have * been \- ******* M Seabreere, who gained the honour, is daughter of Isonomjr and St. Marguerite, by Hermit from Devotion, by Stockwell from Aleestis, by Tboch stone from Sacrifice, by Voltaire. When the last mail lett she was second favourite at 5 to L Ayrshire, if be started, failed to get a situation, nor did Dtbit ran np to the expectations of his friends. Adieu, who is in Mr. Andrew Town's stud, is by Blair Athol from Alcestis. The Deniliqnin Jockey Ciub has determined to alter the canning of its course from right to left-handed. J. Tally informs me that be has several boxes disengaged, and would be glad to pre pate three or four horses for the spring and other meetings. J. Scobie arrived from Ballarat yesterday, and brought with him St Louis and Anita. Mr. F. F. Dak in has requested me to inform J trainers that a boy named Ernest Fisher has left his employ without leave. Members of the V.A.T.C. desirous of becoming candidates for the committee of the dab are reminded that their names must be forwarded to the secretary before Saturday, September 22. The following retiring members of committee — Messrs. A. R. Blackwood, H. Power. J. Grice, and C. D. O'Halloran—are eligible tor re-election. The annual general meeting will take place on Monday, October L at Henries' Hotel, at half-past 3 p.m. The New Zealand Stud Company has lost the brood mare Locket, dam of Thunderbolt and Necklace: She died while foaling. A member of Bowes's Tattereall'6 perpe trated a joke upon another a few days ago. He had a disputed wager, which he was com pelled to pay, and had satisfaction by tender ing the sum in threepenny bits. This en tailed considerable trouble upon the book maker who had to receive the money, and be bronght the matter before the committee, the members of whiefa mildly censured the other party. The friends of S. Sheriey, the English jockey who visited Australia a few months ago, will very much regret to hear that when the last mail left he was so ill that he was not ex pected to live. The poor feliow is suffering from consumption, and writing to,a friend, he says that he does not expect to lire through the winter. Mr. G. B. Thomas has forwarded a cheque for £10, subscribed by Bowe-'s Tattersall's Club, for the widow oi the late Fred John son. The first of the great three-year-old races of the season has been decided, and a Bon of Goldsbroogti has been bailed the victor. Mr. Gannon's colt Melos, who caught the judge's eye for the first time in the Hawkesbury Guineas, was bred by Mr. Frank Reynolds, at Tocal, and as a reading was purchased by Mr. Gannon for 500 guineas. Like Merri ment, who won the two-year-old race at Rose hill, Melos is by Goldsbrongh from a mare by The Barb, Melody, his dam, being by the Jnnnn •' (mm Mermaid, bv Fishet black demonfrom Mermaid, by Fisher man from Sweetheart, by Red Heart from Melesina, the mare from whom Richmond, Bos worth. The Diver, and other good horses descended. Ttfelos has the Fieberman strain oh both sides, for his sire Goldsbrongh is die son of a Fisherman mare. Mr. Gannon could hardly have fancied the colt or .he wonld not have gone out at such odds in a small 6eld. Melos is engaged in the A. J.C. and V.R.C. Derby, and having shown that he can g&ilop; we may expect to see this brother to The Broker playing an important part in one or other ot the great three-year old events. Lamond appears to have per formed fairly well, but Bonnie Spec and I Consequence must both have been disap pointments. Cinderella gave the New Sonth ! Wales folks another taste of her quality by winning the Connty Purse, and beating Plu tarch. The Altona Bracelets to be run for at the Williamstowo meeting are now on view at Messrs. Drnmmond and Co.'s, Collins-street. Turfmen generally will bail witb satisfac tion the election oi Mr. George Davis for the Legislative Council. He is one of the straighteet men on the turf, gifted with more than an ordinary amount of common sense, arid a capital debater. J hope to Bee bim some day elected lor the committee of the V.H.C., for he thoroughly understands racing, and would beau acquisition to our turf parliament. Andy Ferguson, who was not very well during the early portion ot the week, is now progressing satisfactorily. Touchstone was scratched for the Hawkes bury Handicap on Friday afteruaon. 