' RAOINQ PORTRAIT GALLERY, ' Tliunton's now work, Racing I'ortrails, -. .1b very npro/Kw. In four volumes he yives porlraita of 400 racehorse?, illustrating the whulo lifo of tlio Turf, Every horso in tho Dfclbounio Cup ts thorouffhbrod, ami thus tho volumes re ferred to nro |>avt ot tlio history of our own turf, unwell ns the English. Ill tho reign of William III. appeared the iirst of three Eastern horses, to which the Australian racer harks back. This was the Kyorly Turk. Tho second liorso wn3 tho Parley Arabian, tho third the (»o- dolphin Arabian, so called, hut a true Barb. All tho horses now on tlio turf trace to tho Bvorly Turk, Barley Arab, ?' or liodulphin Barl). It is impossible, indeed, to find a nicer which docs nob combine, somehow, tho blood of all three. The Barley Arabian's portrait shows a lovoly bay. Next wo havo his wonder ful son, tho prancing Flying Childers, with his tail up, reputed to bo tho horao that did tt mile a minute, but that is . legendary. Tho explanation is that lie is supposed to havo galloped a few strides at the into of a milo a minute, express .train. Tho Godolphin Barb is a striking picture, a brown bay, with an unnaturally high crest .and white on oft' heel. Ho was teaser to a stallion named Hobgoblin, but was tried with a inaro named Iloxanna, producing Lath, tho most celebrated raoor of his duv, next to Flying Cliildera. It is ... believed that tho English marcs wero , : mostly Cleveland bays, on winch the Arab, Turk or Barb blood wa3 engrafted. We follow out, with tho portraits, tho lines of tlio Barley Ai-ub, Byerly Turk, j and fiudolphiu Barb. The Barley Arabian's. lino is repre sented twofold. First by his son Flying Cluldera, his grandsons Blaz.o and -Snip, and his great grandson Snap. Secondly through liis other son Bartlctt's . Ciiilders, and liis great-great grand- ' son Eclipse. Flying Childcra is a .bay,- with a blaze on face, and four wliite'feet, or. white stockings, as the !. fancy say. it is chiefiy in tho female lino . . that Flying Childcra' blood is handed down to tho Australian turf, and tho English to-day. , Bartlelt's Chiidors was sire of Scjuirt, whoi-o son lilarsk begat Eclipse and Young Mamie, sire of Shuttle. Tho rare strain of Shuttle is reckoned very pre cious in a racer at present-. Eclipse's jwrlrait shows us tlio most renowned lti turf annals. Ho was fonlctl 1st- April, 17H4, the day of a wondrous eclipso of the sun. Who snyo there is nothing iu omens 1 Remember hoiv Guy Fnwkoit was foaled Olh of November, and killed ! on Melbourne racecourse f»lh of Kovem- i bet. Then wo Iiave Craig's dream over Nimblefoot. Eclipse is a chestnut, with white bh\7.o down his face, oil hind leg white, ' fiom hock downwavds, and black spots on his rump, a peculiarity often appearing in his descendants. Amid his sons were "Pot-8-os, King Feigns, Joe Andrews nud Mercury. Pot-8-os Hvas sire of Waxy, called Ace of Trumps in tho. Stud Book. Waxy begat Whalebone, whoso best sons were Camel and Sir Hercules. Camel was uro of Touchstone, and Sir Hercules of Birdcatclior, Faugh-u-Ballngh and Gemma di Vevgy. Touchstono was the site of Kcwiniuater, who begat Lord Clifdeti, Adventurer and. Hermit, and Touchstone, also sired Orlando, siro of Toddington. II era wo get among fme j>ortraits, hy Aliists of tho stimp of Herring and Hall, worthy lo illuminato tho criticism of writers liko Nitnrod, The Bruid, Craven and Dnshwood. Nowminstcr is a beauti ful horse. Hermit must bc\ic\vcd with interest, as a hero of romance. Plis Derby win was tlio most sensational on record, tho homo starting at 100 tol. The illustrated jfywr ting and Dnmulic Kcwa London, by Jnst'niail, in one of Rapier' smartly written gossipy articles, chul lenges a statement made by the Mel- bourne Imperial Review. July last, as to the fairness of Hermit's Derbj\ The Imperial Review writer, pitching into Chaplin and Machcll, affirms that there is grave reason for euspieion about the horso being i.avcd up. Rapier scouts tho idea, evidently with an oyo to jilcaso Mr Chaplin, the Imperial Rcvic ic aluting him as an unlit Governor for South Aus- tralia. Hermit is not so very much to look at, but in tho Derby snowstorm he demon strated what a one ho was to go. Custunco refused the mount on him because ho hud not t he ghost of a show. A young jockey named Lalcy took tho saddle, and Chaplin presented him with LG000. . "Wi-ll ho might, for Cliaplin won about L200,0(K). '.Tho! Marquis of Has tings was ruined. Ho bad eloped with Chaplin's aflianeod bride, making her Bfarchioncss of Hastings. The Marquis died of a broken heart. The widow mar ried Sir G. Chotwyud, now a friend of Ohapliu, who married a daughter of Lord Anglesey. Whalebone's blood descends through Waverloy and his son Saddler. Whisker, Whalebone's brother, sired tho Colonel mul Economist, whoso son ITarkaway begat King Tom. Binleatchcr begat Snuntcrcr, and the Baron, sire of Stockwcll and Rula- plan. iStockwcll's portrait shows iho chestnut bounty, and wc turn over another leaf to his famed sons.Blnir Athol and Doncar.ter, both chestnuts, likewiao Doncaster'a cbesuut sou Bond Or. Such horses brought the chestnut up very fashion able. Reverting back to Eclipse's sons. King Fergus aired Beningborough, siro of OrviHc, whence comes tho stout blood of Emilius, Priam, Plenipotentiary. Tho lastnamed is about tho most common looking liorso in all tho four volumes, yet ho was a clipper. Tho old ranging comes up. They run in all shapes. When Wil son and Joo Thompson took a horsey e' of swells to St. Albans to look at Juan, the verdict was that ho was n cart horso, but Augur Cluipuian quietly put in the old mnxim. Joo Andrews, son of Eclipse, leads us down to Tramp, Lottery, Sheet Anchor, Lanorcoat, Wcathor- bit, . Beadsman and Bluo Gown, a valuable galaxy. Let's sond thorn skim ming along tho turf. What daisy-cuttors, in tho pictures ! Beads man lias Wells up, tho jockoy-whb rodo Fisherman in. his . groat races. 'Fisherman won CO timos. ; His burial place, at Maribyrnong, scorns to be forgotten, bub Uicro aro sports who could lead you to the oxact spot. What a high ambition was that of Hurtlo Fisher at Maribyrnong. Thence, how- over, emanated a long line of winnors, and tho catalogue will go on for all time. Strange to say, tho horso, named Mari byrnong, has been tlio chief to keep tlio name alive, though tho Anglor blood catne with a rush later. Of course, Angler was suggested by tho bream and mullet lo bo caught, after you had brushed through tho green lucerne to tlio river band of the Saltwater. Well, tho old Byorly Turk begot Jig, ' siro of Partner, siro Tartar, siro of King .. 'Herod, commonly called Herod plain. : His portrait displays a bay of size, sub- stance and length, uncommon powpr, ' and stamina. His famous son ; wero Woodpecker aud Highflyer.. Wood- ... peckor sired Buzzard, siro of Caatrol, : oeltui, and Reubens jthreo chestnuts, all out ol a colobrafed Alexander mare, but ; sho was a grand-daughter of Eclipso, siro . of Alexander. So wo work thorn in. . From Caatrol and Solera descend Buzzard, .Sultan, Heron, Glcncoe, Bay Middletou, Cowl, Flying Dutchman, Pantaloon, ' Wimlhound, Pyrrhus-tho First. Ifcro is anothcr-galaxy of stars. Look' . at Duy.Middictou for stoutness and tho Flying Dutchman for speed. Highflyer is represented through his son, Sir Peter Teazle, from whom descend Phantom Pnrtisati, Venison, Alarm, Kingston, Wild Duyroll, Sweetmeat, Macaroni, Par- mecati, Favoniua, Cromonio— miothor flight of rattlers. # Godolphin Barb carries us down to Trmiipator, Sorcerer, Comus, Smolonsko, Humphrey Clinker,: Melbourne, West Australian, Cnne&m;, Blink Bonuy, dam 4)t Blair Athol. Tho gems of Lho three great lines, main , trunk railroads of racing blood, aro , cntiuiciwlotl Uius— L Tho Dauloy Arab's \- line, through Snap, Shuttle,' Waxy, OrnJle, tho Btoutcsb blood. H. Bvorly Turk's lino, Buzzard and Sir rotor .Tcazlo, speedy blood, tho Jattor the .stouter, of tho two. 3. Godolphtn's line .often producing huge size, but showing a -itsnUuDoyto diojoutand bocoiningrorc. , successca of tho St. »Lcgor winnors v jfet\Ur bejniaarked' at the 'stud. ' -Notable Mffm Dt - tho-. portraits aro-— Beeswing, Alice, Hawthorn, Ciuoiti.v, Queen Mary, Poeahonlny, Paradigm, Mmtgsmoso. Blair Athol fetched 1,000 guineas at- auctum. Wo fe.teh up some jockeys as well, man and horse, tho Centaur. There i» much point yet in Swilt's unrcmmi. Gulliver's Travels, whera hoexiilta the Houyhyuhym above the Yaho<>. Yet the mau liar, seme share. First, wc will notice ihc brown colt Oiullaml, winner of the Two Thou sand Guineas, 1828, with Robincn in ihc saddle. A wonderful horso this Robin son. Ho was the favorite adversary of old Buckle, who rode up to nlmut. sixty years of ago. Tough as stool, or pin wive, ho was. Cadland is n somewhat tucked up one, liko Fisherman, who was amazingly shuvt in tho barrel, with spindlo legs. iloro wo have «7olm Day on Gycy Momus. A cautious jock, one of n racing family, liko tho Arnully and Edwnvdse?. Thevo used to bo n shoal of ICdwawlses, all sizes below live foot four, at Kowmarket. They wero mostly tlio progeny of one Tiny Edwards. Tiny was one day show ing George IV, round liis crowd of kids, all glued to (ho piuskin. ''Good heavens!" exclaimed tho lviug, ' How that woman breeds f ' Tho portrait of Cruielix .shows us a real marvel. She was the dam of Surplice, which Lord George Bentinok sold shortly before this animal won tho Derby. Ho and Disraeli were, they say, looking over some Blue Books when the news arrived. Bcntinck, who had gone into politics, heaved a big sigh. , Then Disraeli origi nated the saying that- the Derby was tho Blr.o Ribbon of the turf. Tho names of a number of well -known Australian racers arc borrowed from English '""winners. Such aro Glcn coe, Alice, Hawthorn, FIntoatchcr, Lottery, Tim "Whillier ; hut an enormous majority oi Australian horses have ori ginal names, so that future stud books will not bo confusing. Otherwise it- would bo as when sir H. B. Loch com- plaimcd of tho Australian wines, for be ing named Vcrguiattd, Burgundy, Jchan- nesberg, Tokay, and so on. Tho portrait of W. Days Promised Land vocals an absurd objection lu tho nnmo as being scriptural, but Day changed tho namo of a horso he had called Good Friday. Hallo ! 03 they say at the llcrold telephone, here's a picture of little hollow-backed Murquie. Only u few years ago he was knocked down hy Yuillc for 20 guineas, at tho National Society's show yard, St. luUIn vonil, wnoro we onco saw tho noted St. Albans, siro of no many Australian winners. On our study wall hangs tlio colored engraving of nil the cracks rounding Tottenham Corner. Ifc is a purely fancy picture, huddling together u mass of horses and jocks that, never mot, but it is remarkably good. Our portrait col lection has tho angular French horse Gladiatour, who swept tho boatd in Eng land. Immense propelling powcris in those hind quarters. Grimxhaw is in the saddle. Liko French and Archer, lie did not hang out long. Ho was killed by the simple accident of falling oil' tho back of a dog cart at night. Here is Fred Archer on Ormonde in the Duko of Westminster's yellow with black cap. Take oil' your hat : Poor Fred !' The Duko has a sceond color registered, yellow, with black sleeves and yellow cap. He is like John Tait, who would discriminate tho yellow and black on two of his horses in one nice. Scott, tho jockey, appears on the bay colt Cotheistonc; Aldcroft, of tho cele brated rush at tho post, on tho bay General Peel; C-Iialoner on Macaroni; Wily Furdham is on Sir Bcvys; and you nuiypcrohancc likewise see him figured on Thchnir, in the colors now sported for the Duchess of Montrose, whito jackofc, tartan belt and cap. Fordham's favorite colors, however, were the all dark blue, at least so ho blooms in our best portrait-. Tho Prince of Wales's colors are purple body, with gold braid, scarlet sleeves, black cap, with cold fringe. Liko Sir W. ,T. Clarke's colors, one would like to seo them oftoncr iu tlio van, catching tho judge's eye. By tho way, how is it that the judge never has butouocyof It is the sumo with the police. 4 'I've my cyo on you." Perhaps tho other eye is on a leg of mutton. Tho Dtikn of ConnaiiL'lit's rarelv-seen cnlm are black jacket, with dark green stripes, black cap. Tito Duke of Beaufort lias bluo and white hoops, red cap. These colors aro worn by "Wood, uu tho Duke's chest nut f'.lly Revo d'Or, winner of tho Oaks, 18&7\. Tlio Duko falls in for very few big thiiiqs ; but, like the Princo of Wales and Sir W. J. Clarice, bo can afford lo pay up and look pleased, con- cious that tho thousands of sovereigns which trickle through,. Jiis lingers to Peaeh and the other big bookmakers are devoted to tho furtherance of a noble sport. Tho eminent mul artistic jockeys who figuro in Taunton's pictures of winners incliido Flatman, Chifnoy, Clift, Forth, Pavis, Tcmpleman, Marlow, Mavson, Butler, Snowden, Maidmcnt, Constable, Osborne, Canncn. Tho coming nam is Watts, who limy out-rido Barrett and tho slmdy Wood. His portrait is in tlio last Daily. Coursing down tho Dcrbys, hero is tho wliolo glorious roll in tlio picture books. Hero is littlo Spaniel, very pretty. Orlando, of 1844, recalls tho scandal of Running Rein winning, butlio was proved to be a four year old. This horse had mas queraded under tlirco names, tho othov two boing Maceabies andZnnoni. Voltigeur iff a handsome horse. So is Musjid. Caractacus brings to mind tlio row thcro was over his heating Tho Marouis so narrowly. Some said Tlio Marquis's jockey was drunk, but tho backers cooled down. It is timo to overhaul our bulky port- foho of Australian winners. An old print, from a N.S.W. bar parlor, shows us Jorrocks, and somebody lends us attempts at Buckley and Petrel. Some early Melbourne turf favorites aro Wavor- ley, Bess o' Bedlam and Balloon. Hero is Shuuow, a tine nmro that camo from a place called Van Diemcn's Land. Por traits of grey Modesty, Alieo Hawthorn, Tomboy, Vono, provoke reminiscences. We cut out of nn old Argus an adveiiiso- raent of the arrival of a new stallion, tho Premier. Hia influence was groat in' pro ducing Tomboy, Brownlock, Union Jack, Piaxitoles, nttcrwnrds Mormon, and so lo&ay; othors, but Flying Jib might havo been tho best, Iang hadliim. Thcnthero was Dolo, siro of Alnui, Flying Colors and Dollarina. Ronico did not succeed so well. . The beginning of a new ora was "whon Fisherman came, and odd it was tlmb tho Fishers should havo bought him. It was all->Hurtlo's doing. In Sydney Museum WO' saw tho skeleton of Sir Horculcs, sirs oMho Barb. Is it there yet 1 But to roan mo with portraits. Hero aro Yatten- don, New Warrior, end the old sires. Flying Buck is not much worth- preservine, though ho ran sway with tlie first Champion, just as Hsricot did with tho Cup many years after; Sorry wo have not moro poriaits of jockeys, but yet thcro aro a bushel, in cluding tlioBO mountsd. Tho smartest are sure to havo their features perpetrated together with somo horse. Tlius wc obiervo Woldoek, Lang, Higgerson, Cults, Adworth, Morrison, Driscoll, Donnelly, Monaghan, Wilson, 8impson, Ycoroajie, Stanley. Endcrson, Addorloy, Cracknell, Hales, Williamson, Nicholson, Robertson, Chifnoy, Ycond, St. Albans, Pip ott, and mnny moro. i Grnfid Fianour must challenge com- parlsion for beauty. Whether ho was poflitivoly tho . best foaled south of tho nne must bo jeft open ; but ho is tho Fiying Chiidors and Eclipso as tlio un beaten, a distinction not achieved by Tho Barb, Fishhook, First King, Malua or. tlio othor claimants. A portrait of Progress reminds us liow Unlucky ho was in. coming tho same year as Grand Fianour making him the inevitable. With similar ill-luck did tlmt excellent Tint Whifiler 'filly Sybil drop in tho same yoar with, her half sinter Biiaoia. Tlie portrait of Lurlitie awakens ad miration of a splendid animal, witlrtho stamina. Loup Garou recalls an astonish ing galloper. Ho sprawled over tho turf J Somo such a. goer, was Moran'a Dutchman, the stcoplochosor taken, ta ' England, but his disqualification hold i -good. ; rmncraber seeing .. him off; in the / ship frpra f Sandridgo railwov pier, and feeling assured lie hod a. fair throw in . for - the Liverpool: Grand National, at about llat And a row pounds, which they ought to have conceded to Australian pluck, but wickedness must not go unpunished in high place, oven over high leaps. Not one of the cup winners !b missed In our collection. A roller, spruinr forth, liko an arrow from tho bow. son ofWillinmTol). Sec tho diplomatic jockey, Cutts, is nego tiating him to victory two years running. Banker's cut shows not lquch of a one ; hut Lantern must spio tho oyo. As for Tory boy, ho ib a flukev. But tlie Barb ! Sharpen yonr pon 1 Tleio he is, tho Black Demon ! We saw him knocked down at Kirk's Bazaar when nineteen years old. Tho Professor tells us ho died only about nine months ngo, whereby his ago would he a quarter of a century nigh upon. Tho Professor also doponeth that Marquis died, shot, about two years ago, whereby his ago would almost top tho teeord of groat racera. , Did you over hear tho Professor sing a song i Wo hoard him only once, and it was not halt a bad one : — Oi all thn horrid, hideous note of woe, Sadder than owl songs or the midnight hlnbt, Is that portentous phrase, " I fold yon to" Utli-rtd by friends, tlio-i»pro.diels of thi'past. When encored he broke forth in the following warhle : — Of Cup winners I've seen n score, and seven yet From Archer, Banker. Lantern, on to Dunlop's boss iu clover, But never l.uew I om> to spot so chflicult a this 'un. With Arsenal and such big guns a-brhtllng in- < gairisnu. With my ri fol lol, Ac, The Baibl knew, and Wlii.lfling Tim, and like- wi3<\- t'ienooe, .Sir, And Warrior and Nimblcfcot, wlio showed 'cm all his to3, Sir, Tlie Pearl and Quad: I didn't back because my lip was out you roc, And Don Jtian.,.1 nlso missed, when Joe Thomi'S'Uj fobbed uiv note with glee, With my ri tol lol, Ae. Then Harricot ho l-oltcd off with yet more public money, Nor was Wolloinal to the backers very much more tunny. And lirifiris ruined not a feu with beauteous bewilchltmle. Then Calaiiua didiLt iirovc Uu> winner to en rich a dude, With my vi fol lol, Ac. Yet still I stuck, with devil's luck, and potted Hairs on Flanrnr, And rained a trip to England's shore a sincing Rnlo Britannia, But clown I drapixti on outsido ing-1, liko Darriwcll and Zulu, Till Assyrian droned mo quite outright, worse than any Nap or Loo, With my ii fol lo!. Ac. " The Smirtaman." 