CANON POTTER ON 'ROBERT ELSMERE.' -In juf aLt^f JntemlL- beingtaktn in t&is; aboT* Work'^w* have baen r» qu(it«d to reproduce the following sermon whioh wti preachcd by the R#r. Canon Potter, on Sonday, Octo ber 21. at Trinity College Chapel. The ion waa laien irom i. xneai. r. zi., 'Prore all things, bold fast that whioh it good.' iv-. These are not tha words of ,'a nine- teenth century philosopher, nor of-# sceptical critic, nor of a popular novel ist with an anti-Christian purpose.' And yet, only that we know them to well, we mighty perhaps, hare thought that they were the words of such a one — for they teach the vary lesson which those philosophers,- critics, and novelists think that we need so much ; for they are always taking for granted that we prove nothing, but that we swallow everything whole. But not only were tha words before us not written in the nineteenth century, bnt tbijs|w|IMi iiotOilly;wntten in ^the first o«g|Qry, when, according to our. critics, the precincts of the human mind were 'half childish' — when marvels were believed all the more easily because they were marvels, and so.the Christian miracles, and especially _,the miracle of the Resurrection, were accepted as matter of course, on little evidence or none. Not only to, but the .words -before us were actually written by a' man who himself asserted that he had' seen and spoken with Jesus of Nazareth after His death and resurrection, who stated plainly in a document whose authen ticity no critic doubts (I Corinthian^) tM»Vnpt onlyvh'tK bat several others^ (as many as 500 at once,\most of whom were still alive), had,.also seen Jesus after his death and resurrection. And the most noteworthy point of all is that this very St. Paul, as we all know, and as nobody ventures to deny, was a bitter opponent of the very name of Jesus until the time when he says that he saw Him and spoke with Him, and that even aftsr he was an active and faithful Christian spending^his life, enduring many sneering*, attdiat lasf meetyjg bis death, „iin the endea yonr to win men to the same belief in Jesns to which be had been won 1 himself. j-y r^v' This is thes.misn who, teUii.us to prove all things. We are ea familiar however with the history of St. Paul -that we are ; apt to loss a good dial - of tha force ' - of it. ' ' Whereas a history like it, even if tbe ij- facts be in tha reverse , order, ^provided : we are not familiir withit, will strike ns more forcibly;- - «-'-?? W* read, for example, not in fact, bnt in fiction, of an amiable and. hard working ol^rgjShan who ; came to be lieTe that J^andid not rise, and who gave up his living in consequence, as an honest man shonld, and who spent the rut^f his life, and met with his' .dsatfc^injthe endeavbor'to preach a; , Chris {'who had not risen, sod to do tha best he conld with the Gospel ao shorn .. .of its power, and as we read our in terest ia deeply kindled by the novel | pioture. And'«hen-the writer. of . the I »i,ory in her owi psraon, or in the per il eon of soma pf^lier {characters,: ;invitrs f to he honetf and ;to 'prove all things,' (\ and to thiiw-'- over what we can't /-..prove, ssme of us are perhaps ready to aji*'^her seriously. And when we lay Bj wn her book we begin to feel, or 'fWtfSifc begin to feel; as if Mrs [W/'ardr^and; tne Germans, and tha mjeit^eistmere too many for us, pat as ? Jie Squire was too many for poor Els dSmere ; and wa are, it may be, ready to ?-WonfMi.thit wa shall havi.\to lay.aside ? Janr faith rnja risen Chrift. 'j and try to Mtio onr%tf, as he did. with a Christ ??.who hss not risen. Ma' Before we draw any such conclusion, Pjiowever.-.from this painful and in Brtsrestiijg pie to re of the ('nineteenth can* ? |«y» l*¥;0*jjuit set ever^against it thia H i? P'°'.ur* °f the first century, which Hk not fiction at all but acknowledged l l^t. Thu.pictnre of one who tells ub that'wa ought to move all things. Mud whoj bijlore he eaidqjo^ljiad gone ^D^rongh an experitnce juiit tne reverse ?|)f Robert Elsmere's, ?I' ilf we wish to know, what sort of Mjlfect tUa-conreraion of St. Paul, and ?M ?ob^quent events o(-bis| life may hasaSpon bin coutemporariea.let MJgfcry to estimate the effect which the ia our own days ^?f|d produce upon oor.elres. Let us ®paa thtm to have happened to some ^Hftilple anti-Christian lMidl^f1 amongst ^?fir§*n contemporaries; HfKpp01*, for example, that Mr ^?Awbert Speacer shonld suddenly be !oevoatnbristijw ..j r suppose .him ^'^f^l.PJS^^PiW-tofsfteik. it® in' support of his nawly I _ conviotions, defending and dicg tha doctrines of the Father God and the eternal Sonship ist, the Incarnation and the iction, preaching, like 8t. Pan], lere the faith of which he tried 9 .bavoc, and .writing. '®»t wTiKhe /ssoie fore#, the leliberaiitB, and'' perhaps also' a same characteristic faults cf id reasoning aa before, suppose him, farther,, publicly 'f^^t^hsnjf^f^' ^efief wa« wffirJelas Himself, and not , bnt that ba knew several other who ware atill alive, and might ulted, who bad fat^'aiid spokai was also, not oni by «na only, nanyaa 500 at a time, iota Mr Herbert Spencer to go r the world affirming all this and with much persistent. repe-. ind spjipose )ii!4 to.be freqaently: by foobfi, *ijf Voughsi ' k fid fot.4i%i^{ng,v!|n\\-;the'; aad,'liirt of all, put to death »tirea in some Mohammedan ' for tbe testimony af Jasus. that woald;-- b* - nothing 'more reNtitionln the. nineteenth ^cew ^^?ll^hap^teea jh 'tbe Will; how what would we think hat ? If we rsad in Mr Her lenear'a warka an injunction to II things, what would wo aup. poie that his conversion and the subse quent events of his life and his death proved? _ _ ? ? ? :r:Wonld:webelievathatliahadreally se^'and spoken with- the risen : J est»,as ho said^-or tbat -he was -gone -mad and' ? thought he bad ? -y,'. i , I have no doubt at all that what happened in the ' first century would happen over again (mutatis ' mutandis) in the nineteenth. The seculariata would revile, him,- and rnproaoh him, aqd'itir up.the mob against him the magistija^es, weuld say, that- .-ha ,was . beside himself, and that much . learning had'made-him mad.'' ISfewspapers nnd ' lawyer* and members of Parliament, would call him a pestilent fellow and a leader of sedition,; and perhaps .;even the churches would give him tbe. cold shoulder. - But he would win the heart df 'Chriatendom and ot mankind, ; and feneration after generation would bo ljeve that his conversion aud his life wid his death had proved that he had indeed seen and spoken with Jesus, aid so that .Jesus was not dead but living. 1 Yes, 'the first century and the nine tienth century are not so unlike as they tell us. Men's inmost convictions about, what is true.and what is false are arrived at in all ages in much tbe same way. We have stricter methods, in deed, of cross-examining-historic testi mony, and. perhapa more of' us have access to these methods, but the broad results which are sooner or later arrived at are just the, same, - because the minds which arrive at them are just of the same sort. Roman men of science and Athenian men of letters mocked at the notion of miracles then just as modern men of science and modern men of letters mock at it now. - It is true that multitudes of people then, both literate and illiterate, believed in any amount of marvellous nonsense.' So they do now, lam told, that there are two millions of spiritists in America. And even in this enlightened city of our own I believe that many fortune-tellers have quite a profitable trade. ' Mr Sludge the Medium' and the like of him have quite as fair a field in the nineteenth century as they had in the first; In both centuries we .find just the same scepticism and just the same credulity: And yet' I read ln Robert Elsmere this: — ' I find present in the age which saw the birth of Christianity a universal preconception in favor of miracle' go verning the work of all men of all schools.' That was one of the state ments. with , which -the Squire knocked poor Elesmere down,, and- it was- not. true. And .more — jt is not . true that a ready disposition to accept the.-' marvel lous on insufficient evidence is, or .ever, has been, favorable to Christianity. On the contrary, 'such a disposition , is, and always 'has been, hostile to Christianity. It helped to persecute it in the third century, it corrupted it in the Middle Ages, and it repudiates it now.' What Christianity asks, for is a fair and oan and spirit of inquiry, not a spirit greedy of the. marvellous like, the miracle mon gers, whether, of the first century -or- of the nineteenth, nor tho spirit of one who makes up his mind before the in quiry that: the thing to be 'inquired about is incredible, like the ancient, or modern sceptic; but the spirit which St Paul commends in the words of my text, ' Prove all things, hold fast that which is good.' In such a spirit- let me endeavor to examine briefly the belief in miracle, which it is -the main purpose of this book to destroy. " Miracle' says the authoress speaking 'in the ' person ' of her hero, ' lives with ignorance, and is. withered by knowledge.' Hnew in the face of such a statement as that some readers will perhaps be afraid to say "I believe in miracle ' One doesn't like to be told that one's condition is 'ignorance,' and not ' knowledge.' But one must not mind these little flowers of rhetoric. They are part of the stock-in-trade of the anti-Chris tian' controversialist. .At.- the . -.same time if people will call us fools for be lieving in miracle, we owe it both to ourselves, and,-them to- say plainly- what we mean by 'miracle.' If we are to be condemned as fools, let it be on an issue which is not ambiguous. I mean then by -a- miracle an event which proves especially tho presence' and power of the spiritual world. Mind I say espectally because there, is .no event at all which does - not somehow prove the presence and power of the spiritual world. Every fact or event, miraculous or other, happens in accor dance with law, is - one of a series, stands in relaiipn to every other; event. And in reference to most facts 'you can trace the law, you can find the place of the fact in the series^you can expound its relation to other facts, without any 'particular and special reference to the spiritual world, - It is true, indeed, that they spiritual world nas to be, once for all, granted as the basis of all facts whatsoever. But grant it once for all, and you have not again tp refer to it in order to interpret the ordinary conrse-ef-events. — But as the ordinary course of events proceeds., you ^ooms noif and then to a critical event-whiah yoa 'cannot coordi nate witb' ;othere, which--yoa capnot : place In the series of events,''aV all, withou^ freeh reference 'to' tWeJ'.pt^wer ; And jijesence of the spiritaal'; world.,.' . SvSuohj a critical event is the Keanrrec-] . tion of pesus Christ. . .We cannot give. ? it a place in the. series- of ? events, we . i cannot exhibit - its. relation toother faots,1 except by special reference to1 the spirt* :: taal WMldi-i.' If, aa: it, has -'been well said, thf relation of Jesus to the whole universe of being, w^s j(ist the same as any man's then .His ,was) an ; anoma lous event. Bdt ,if the relation of Jesus to the whole' universe of being .f «s uaiqqo, then it is no -longer oredi -1# eith ir that he.shonld rise frem the dead, 01 that be should ..raise -others. Mow, such a unique relation' Jesns as serts for Himself, and He asserts 'it .th^agh fth*^i'«'(iHio)U2'flro»y. ,! .He clsimrto hkfe. asiumed humanity : in ordet to Ireveal'to men the lawe of ? the spiritual world; Grant thst claim and yoa have a condition in virtue, . of which tbe Resurrection of, Jcans is cb OTdiaatep] j}t^ alt theiacts and avents we know. - Grant that claim and the. Resurrection of Jesus instead of being contradictory .to.. law -and inconsistent : with order, exhibits. the., presence of a fuller order and of. a deeper law; j.' . ' But' why believe in any spiritual world at all ? That question is not raised, indeed, by the book before . ue. Bnt it is pot every one that can ' stop like Robert Elsmere half- way down an inclined plane. Most men who begin by questioning the Resurrection ot Jesus,- go on to ask; if there be any God at all or any soul in man. . . So we .must put the question why, first of all, do we believe in a spiritual world ? ~ Because we have the evidence within ourselves. If you know anything at all yoa know that yonr self exists, and that yourself is not your body.1 You know that yonr body is in a state of constant ohange. and you know that yourself is the same all through these changes — yes, and through deeper changes— for thought and will change as well as flesh and blood. : But every act, either of thought or will,' implies the self ' who thinks : and wills,, who is hot to be confounded with thought and will any more than with flesh and blood, : but without whom neither thought nor will is conoeivable. That, self is the witness in each man of the spiritual world. Aud from his knowledge of his own self, he comes to know of : other selves like his own, and from these two kinds of knowledge compared he -rises to the knowledge' of the; one self on whom all depends all thought and life and feeliug, ? that: One ' in whom' we livft anrt mnvfli nn^'linvA nnr hoincr.' And with this kind of knowledge oomea a movement upward, an aspira tion after God, an endeavor to live by the law of God; ' And it ia tha claim of Jesus that He comes to satisfy that as piration, and to interpret that law for no, and so ' to exhibit in one perfect unity the whole universe of Being. If that claim be admitted Christ's position is unique; there is none to be compared with it; It ia the bond which binds. all together and makes ;all one. And without such a bond, what after all becomes of all our efforts to establish that uniformity which we cantot but believe in. Without that bond -the most we can discover,' or hope to dis cover, -is material uniformity, amidst moral and intellectual anomalies of the most baffling and perplexing kind. But grant once tbe bond of union whioh the. claim of Jesus asserts, and then all such anomalies begin to disappear, be cause the law ' which explains them begins to be manifested. If in Him we see the: meeting point between the spiritual and material; if in Him we see .the.union.of.ths finite and the Infinite, and if He say of the human body which He has taken,: 'I have power to lay it down and-I have power to take it'again,' there is nothing anomalous in a claim so made. But now, says this writer and others iwith her, wo must reject the Resurreo tion because it is not in accordance with ?the uniform rule of experience, 'which has been the appointed'instrument of .man's training since life and thought 'began;' . . It is most, undoubtedly true that God -teaches as -by experience, and if experience is to teach aa, there must be a law of uniformity in it. Bat surely no one will say that the uniformity of experience is always obvioas. On the. coa'rary, the way in which we learn most from experience is br the endea vor to discover a uniformity which is not obvious,' and when we have dis covered it, then -the lesson is learnt. Look at any of the great discoveries of science, and: you will-find that it was brought about by an endeavor to de teot a uniformity which was not obvious, and which experience seemed to con tradict. The Resurrection of Jesus, when we study it first, startles us by its ap parent inconsistency with the uniform rule - of -experience. Bat when we comedo see in Jesus ? God submitting Himself to the conditions of humanity, and lifting hnmauity with Him out of those conditions, then the Resurrec tion of Jesnsn exhibits, in our view, a deeper and wider uniformity than ever we could have dreamt of before, How did the Resurrection come to be believed ? Books like this one say, 'Oh, you know- how any ghost story csmss to be believed.' Yes we do, and we know also the sort of belief that is given to such stories. A sort of belief that has no effect at all on a man unless it be to tickle the senss of wonder in him. Will a man who tells you .that he believes a ghost story spend all his lifo in propagating his be lief ? Will be face all manner of labours and sufferings, and death itself, iu order to win other men to believe it? Will he win hundreds and thousands of other men not only to believe it, bat to work with-him! - in propagating the belief of it? Will he succeed in trans mitting his belief throagh the agr s in somuch that men will be just as ready as he wa* to die for the truth of jt 19 centaries after it was first cironlated ? Why, if he does all that, I shall have to believe his ghost story and so will you. These people talk as if it were quite an easy thing to' win for any wonderful story the same tort of belief that bas been given to the resurrection of Jesas, whereas th* faot ' is that no other tach story bas ever yet won such degree j-f belief. Aiid no wonder, for tbe people who don't believe it have to believe a more marverdus thing. Here is: ..what; they, havej'tp: believe,, in the .worcis of ine cooti am. speaking -of .* —'In the dayB and1 ,!weebs'that fol lowed the Crucifixion,' th« devont and passionate fancy of a few mourning Galileans begat the exquisit^ fable 'of the Resurrection.' So, then, the'.disr ciples of Jeans, a handfur of. broten hearted 1 and .disappointed men and women, founded . a. message ' to' the world upon a vaii imagination of their owh disoirdered brains, and propagated their 'fable' with such fervour and courage that thty. won tens of thousands to. ,die for it.. And' the result of a: mission, j tb'os baaed on- the hysterical fancy of a few panic-striken Women, and on the credulity of. a few diaap pointed men, i nas to increase Unfold the .beauty (ui,! goodness , of the;hqman: character.' 'Sdcb'i bollof is' an iu'sult to the nnderstanding and an outrage- to the moral sense. That a story of which the essential aiid critical incident was a ilying: dream shonld exalt the .world to 4 higher degree of wisdom and good nesa.than was posBible -for it before -'is, as I have said elsewhere; clean contrary to the highest and surest laws tbat we fcuow. In the presence of such a statement, the Christian is the rational sceptic, and the sceptic is the credulous believer. . , \- But farther, Elsmere's new religion did not after all give him tbo deliver ance tbat he looked for. For he still believes in a life after death ; , and tbat a man should live after death, is neither more or less , inconsistent with ex perience than the Resurrection itself. And even if Robert Elsemere had not stopped where he did— if he had gone on to believe tbat, as it has. baen epigrammatioaliy put, ''there is no God, and Mr Herbert Spencer is his prophet,' he would still not be rid of the miracul ous, for he would still have to believe 'that we are ever in the presence of an Infinite and Eternal Energy, from which all things proceed.' 1 That is one of the latest deliveranoes of the' agnostic philosophy. The blankest materialism then will never set you free from a belief in the super- natural, for there is not an object in nature, from a shovelful of mud up to the brain of a man, that does not wit ness by its very existence to a power which is beyond nature,. .The authoress of Robert Elimere in ono very important point grossly misrepresents Christianity. Speaking of the story of the Crucifixion, as her hero after the failure of his faith under stood it, she writes — ' And there waa no comforting sense of a jugglery by which the suffering was not real after all and the anfferer not man but God. ' Does Mrs Ward really think that it is :the Christian's belief that the sufferer was not man ? But even supposing this to be only a slip on her part, she ignores, in the passage whioh I have just quoted, a most characteristic doc trine of the Gospel. , Can it be that Robert Elsemere, whose carefnl study of his Greek Tes ! tament is mentioned bo often, had never read Pb'llip ii., 71 There it is written that 'Chriut, bning in the form of God, emptied Himself,' lhatistosay, In stripped Himself for the time being of tho Divine^ prerogatives, aiid he hid from his own consciousness the fact, of His own:powur just that he'tnight suffer in very deed with man. And so there was no jugglery, and the snfforing was real, and the Divine sufferer was' perfect mau. One point more I must mention.' We learn from the story of the Gospels and from St. Paul's comment! that after the. Resurrection the body ? of Jesus, althongh the same body, was trauslorm'ed and spiritualised. I was no longer subject to the 'limitations of this body of death. If we forget this; the history of Jema, after His reBnrec tion, will present many anomalies. If we allow for it, the anomalies disappear. And now,, in conclusion,, remember that yon will never deliver yourself by mere argument from the sort of opinions that I have been discussing. It has been well aaid of the spirit which ex presses itself in these onininnn. 'It ilnpn not argue, it is in the air,' and' that is true. Aud so, although you must know how. to deal with it on intellec tual 'grounds, yon will not- esoage its influence if you deal with it on intellec tual grounds alone. Remember that 'prove' meanB not only' to demonstrate by argument, but to put to the'test by practical-experience. You mnst-make ysnr .belief in the risen . Jesus, the ^mov ing principle of your own life; .you mustr open your, heart to him; you must dedi cate your whole being to. Him; you must worship him in spirit , and in truth. You-miist be always trying to make His perfect life and character the model upon which you' strive to form your own. You must refer yourself in all things to Etira.' If you 'do hot you will be li'able to the infection, notwith , standing all. your argument, But if, you do, . tlTon, althongh the very «ir you breathe be reeking with the germs of unbelief, they will hot be able to take root in your bouI. Christ cruci fied, risen,, and glorified ; Christ, the mauifested'God, will be to 'you no in credible and incongruous ; fable, -but rather the one great : fact which make human life and human experience, a credible and harmonious whole. . . 