fytlwvdyhh §Jtatft. CABLE MESSAGES. THE SALISBURY MISISTR.Y. London. Autniat 9. The Lord Mayor of London banqueted the Ministry last night. Lord Georg*1 Hamilton, in a speech said the naval manoeuvres ooff being carried oa showed the old method of war waa quite unreliable and that the bom barding of London was imminent. The Marquis of Salisbury also spoke, acd sai I the Local Government Bill Bolved a difficult problem withont injuring vested privileges. He pointed oat tfcat other nations were in creasing in debt and were decreasing their credit, bat with England the reverse was the case. The Government had diminished tyran nical societies over the people of Ireland, in' creased the sanctity of contracts, and tranquil lity prevailed abroad, fie was confident the mien of the world desired uninterrupted peace. Conviction was stealing upon eta tea men that it was inadvisable to meddle with Bulgaria. He believed the Emperor William ot Germany would be a credit to bis English and Germany ancestry. Nothing was more dcsimble than th-t Russian and German policies should become parallel. TBS TIMES ANP THBPAE?TELLrrE-=. London, August 2. In the House of Commons to-day Mr. Labouchere moved that the article in Tht Toni*. charging thefaJDeUiteawitiimeiidacity. waa a breach of privilege. The Bight Hon. 6\. J. Gdechen ana the Bight Hon. W. E. Gladstone proposed the motion) which was withdrawn. London, August 3. Mr. Laboachere'e *rp*n'\mpri\, directing that the Commission fimt uaaniic into tiie letters, was rejected by a- majority' of seventy six. Mr. Healy*s np^^n^ m**Tit t proposing that the Commisalon report on each of the ac^nwd separately, wss negatived by a majority of eighty-two. Mr. ParneVV, in concluding the debate, said be approached the inquiry with a rankling sense of injustice, bat was confi dent bis party would emerge triumphant, though the House'* traditions for fairness would be tarnished* The bill was agreed to without a division, *nd it will be reported on London, Augusts. On a motion for the adoption of the report of the committee on the TVowa-Farnell Com mission Bill, Mr. Matthews, the Home Secre tary, moved the insertion of a new clause providing for the arrest and punishment of witnesses neglecting to obey & summons, and refusing to give evidence. Several Parnellite proposals to limit the inquiry were rejected, and the debate was adjoarned. The Bill was read a third time in the Boose of Commons to*day THE AUSTRALIAN KLEVEN. London, August 2. The match between the Australians and an eleven of the South of England, which was to have been played at Halifax, has been postponed owing to the ground being un fit to play an. The home team will not now be confined to representatives of the soath, ?ad include Read, p. el, and Pugher. With these exceptions, the eleven are weak. LoN: ON, August 3. In the match between the Australians And the South of England, played at Hastings, the Australians lost seven wicketn for ninety nine runs. The scores made were follow : -Australian*, 168 ; Englishmen, 53. LosooN, August 4. IlL their second innings with the Aus tralians, the South of England made 88. Tuner was almost unplayable, and took nine wickets for 37. The Australians thus won by *' innings and 27 runs. London, August 6. In their match with Kent the Colonials made 116 in their first innings, and their opponents responded with 107. The Austra lians have made six in their second innings frith the loss of no wickets. London, August 7. In the match beWeen tbe Australian and Kent Elevens, tbe Colonials made 152 in their second innings. Bonoor bitted vi^oroujjly for 43, and Edwards patiently for 33. Trott made 22 and Lyons 22 not out. Kent, in their second innings, scored 65 for the loss of seven wickets. London, August S. In their second innings Kent scored eighty, and tie Australians tbus won by eiguty-oue. The following compose the All England Eleven which will meet the Australians to morrow :— W.G.Grace, Sbuter, Walter Rea.1. Lohmann, Peel, Briggs, Abel, Barnes, Wood, Ulvett, and Sugg ; reserve, Gunn. THE PRES11ER CK:CKI;T COD^TV. Lomkis, A..gu,t3. Surrey's position as premier cricket county U assured. Its representatives have won the nine matches they bare clayed, I AKOTHEE ROYAL MEETING. London, August 2. Queen Victoria and the Emperorof Germany meet at Baden on the 13th of September. Lc-ndon, August 4. It is officially denied that the Queen in tends to nut Biden. ?nULULAND. London, August 2. In the House of Lords to-day, Lord Ejints ford said the Government hoped Diniznlu would snrrender. as the rebels were dispersing. STOPPAGE-OF THIS SEIZURE OF BRITISH SEALERS. 1.OSD3K, August 3. The American Government have given orders to stop the seizure of British sealers in Bearing's Straits. WaLLAKAT COAL COMPANY. London, August 2. The proapectneof tie WallnratCoalCompkny has been issued. THE SEVILLE CATHEDRAL. London, August 2. A pillar in Seville Cathedral has collapsed, doing serious damage. THE TREATMENT OF B.EFBACTOBY ORES. London, Angnst 2. Sir Francis Dillon-Bell, Agent-General for New Zealand, is visiting Freiburg for the purpose of inquiring into the treatment of refractory ores. He will afterwards visit the Hearty Mountains, and inspect the Apt nil way system. ITALY'S CLAIM TO MASSOWAH. London, August 3. M. Goblet admits Italy's claim to Mas fiowah, but censures the publication of Signer Ciispi*8 despatch. THE ADStBIAK ANARCHISTS. London, August 3. The Anarchists have been deprived of the right of trial for twelve months in fifteen dis tricts in Austria. THE WRElT M»RKET. London, July 31. Tbe London manager of the New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company re ports :— Wheat : There is an active inquiry. Adelaide wheat is worth 36s. 6d. for 496 lbs.; Adelaide wheat f.o.q. is worth C.LL off coast 36s. for 4801b. THE GOODWOOD CUP. London. August 2. The race for the Goodwood Cup was run to-day, resulting as follows : — Ratio, 1 ; Osric, 2 ; Timothy, 3 THE GOODWOOD STAKES. London, August 3. The Goodwood stakes resulted as follows :— Stonehead, 1 ; C. L. Anchattan, 2; Fealty, 3. SHIPPING. London, August 3. Tbe B.LS.N. Company's steamship Mer kara left London on Wednesday for Queens land. A FCBGER SENTENCED. London, August 3. Grant, a clerk, has been benteaced t-j five years' imprisonment for forging a signature to two letters of credit of £200. BISHOP M iOKE. London, August 3. Bishop Moore, of Ballarat, will return in October. It is arranged to establish an order of the Sisternood of Nazareth and Fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost, at Ballarat. AUSTRALIAN FROZEN MEA1'. London, August 3. The Australian frozen mutton by the Liguria is selling at 4JJ. per lb. THE P. ANU O. COMPANY. London, August 3. Mr. Edward Duncanson has been elected a director of tbe Peninsular and Oriental Com PaDy' AUSTRALIAN FREIGHTS. IjOnuon, August 3. Freights to Sydney and Melbourne have advanced 5s. LOUD OARBINGTOVS RE-IGNATION. London. August 4. Lord Carrington has intimated his desire to resign before the end of the year. ANNEXATIONS. London, August 4. The Italian Government has informed the Powers that its flag has been hoisted at Vulls. Germany has assumed the protectorate of Pleasant bland, in the Marshall Group. THE ETHERIUUE (JOLD MINKS. London, August 4. At a meeting of shareholders in the Ktheridge mines, it was resolved to a jalga C0L0N1AL STOCKS. London, August 4. The La*' Committee of the H.use of Lords have uncoiled the clause in the Trustees Bill dialing with colonial stocks. THE PAN-ANGLICAN CONFERENCE. London, August 4. The Pjn-Ang!ioau Conference h.vu [-uS- itdileJ their report, i'hey have riaolva] not to recognise divorce without adultery is proved, and. they refuse to sanction the marriage ceremony between those who have been divorced. The report is favourable to the title of archbishop, but the question is not yet decided. THE AUSTRALIAN MAILS. London, August 4. The Postmaster-General's reply to Sir Graham Berry's protest against the dates of the departure of mails from Melbourne and Adelaide, says the Government will not alter their decision, and they hope the Agents General will be able to induce the colonies to accept the situation. THE HOME MARKETS. London, a ngust 4. Kangaroo eldns are selling at full prices. Salt d Australian are selling at firm rates. Australian leather iB nearly a farthing easier. The sugar market is depressed. THE OXFORD BISHOPRIC. London, August 6. The Bev. Dr. Stnbbe, Bishop oi Chester, has been translated to Oxford. PiilNCrJ BISMARCK'S SECRET DESPATCH. London, August 6. The semi-official newspaper Kord Devttchc eayB the report published by the NowedU Jievue of FariB as a copy of the secret de spatch of Prince BiBmarck on the projected marriage of Prince A1''^-*- of Battenberg, is a forgery. NAVAL MANOEUVRES. L0SDO5, Angnst 6j. During the naval manoeuvres Admiral Tryon in the cruiser Calliope, 16 gnus, 2770 tons, 3720 horsepower, eluded the blockaders and captured Oban. H.M.8. Spider, a first, class gunboat, 1 gun, 635 tons, 3000 horse power, bombarded Greenock and CampbeU town, and claims to have destroyed the ehip ping at these ports. The continuation of ti» manoeuvres of the British Beet which blocaded the ports on the west coast of Scotland has been raised. Loedok, Augusts. Admiral Tryos is ettil vigorously bom barding the Scotch ports. COMMERCIAL. Loitook, August 3. The manager of tbe London Office of the Kew Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company ceports : — ' The tallow marfapt is firm. Good mutton is worth £25 per ton, and good beef £23.' OBITUARY. London, August 6. Obituary ; Genera! Philip Henry Sheridan, who took such an impoitant part in the American Civil War. ECCLESIASTICAL ALTERATIONS. London, August 6. It is rumoured that Dr. Barry, the Primate of Australia, succeeds Dr. Stnubs as Bishop of Chester. CANADA AND AMERICA. London, August 6. Senator Blain has introduced a resolution into the United States Senate to open negotia tions with England, with a view to bringing about the political union of Canada and America. THE LOCAL GOVERNMENT BILL. London, Aueist 6. The Local Government Bill has been passed through Committee in the House of Lords. THE REV. MK. JONES. London, August 6. In the House of Commons last night, -ir James /ergusson said he had no hopes that tbe French would re-admit the Missionary, Mr. Jones, to the Island oi Mare. He a.lded that nothing had been proved affecting the caarac ter of Mr. Jones, who he believed waa con nected with Christi&n; and meritorious work. PAUPER EMIGRATION TO VICTORIA. London, August 6. Beplying to Dr. Tanner in the House of GommoM to-day. Baron de Worms stated the Colonial Office bad received s protest from the Government uf Victoria against pauper emi gI* '''THE CHINESE QUiiSTION. London, August 7. Sir George Campbell, Member for Kirk caldy, will (in the House of Ooiutnons on Thursday) ask the Government whether Sir lienry Parkes, Premier of Kew South Wales, admitted that his Government was acting illegally in excluding Chinese from that colony, and if be Btated it had determined to exclude them despite tbe Imperial Govern ment ; also « hether the Governor (Lord CAfnngton) had assented to the ?- hinese hx clusion Bill, granting an indemnity to the bill was in accordance witb existing treaties. London, Augusts. The Spanish Government h.ive imposed a heavv poll-tax on Chinese entering the Philli pine Inlands. RIOTING AT AMIENS. London, August S. iKi.trs ou strike at Auuenj, and .lUjcku j have been made on the factories, one of which J was sacked and burned. The gendarmes, dis- 1 persed the mob, charging them with drawn ?words. SHIPPING DISASTERS. London, August 8. mere lux been a great stor/n at Valparaiso. There were seven complete wrecks, twenty four persons being drowned. There were abo many disasters ashore. GERMAN V AND RUSSIA. Londok, Amrnst 8. The National ZOtvmg. a German semi official newspaper, eays the meeting between the Emperor and the Czar at Kronstadt has resulted in mutual confidence, and has insured peace for years to come. COMMUNISM IN PARIS. London, Augusts. There has been renewed rioting in Paris, on the occasion of a Communistis funeral. It was only ended by the police charging the mob, many of whom were sabred. PiatoU were also fired by the authorities, and thirty rioters were wounded. THE MAILS. London, Ansmt 8. Tbe R.M.S. Chyebassa left hereonMoudav outaard bound. 