THE AUSTRAL WHEEL RACE. Tho handioup for this groat eventj whioh appoars below, is about one of tho worst it j has ovor boon my lot to look at, and. whit it I has boon fram- d on is hard to make out. The Sydney contingent, oonsisting of Edgar 115 yards, Gooasoll 120, and Outbush 165, aro all disgraoofully troated, tho lattor espeoially. Iu tho arst plaoe, in a two-mi. o handioap of this description I should havo thought a liiiit of 300 yards would havo boon ample, which would have given tho scratch roon a slight show. Instoaxl of this tho handiouppor fijtos it at 425 yards, with Goddos, who has boon talked of as a ' doad bird ' for months paat, on tho 400 yards mark. If ho is only half as good as report speaks of him ho must win oasily. Shackloford is about tho only ; than who will trouble him, and why is ho put -Jn the 150 yards mark P It is woll known that a year or two ago ho was as good as Bonnott, and simply booauso ho has not ap peared on tho traok latoly ho has gono np fl 50 yards, whilst otlior men who havo boon toiling away for small 'pots' are mode to 'givo him starts. Fancy men liko Blaak, I | Edgar, and Goodsell giving away start to a champion ! And then Outbush, who oould j not win off tho limit, only to roeeivo 15 yards from him. A. E. Browne, a former winner, cannot oomplain, aud with a shorter limit wculd ma1- e things livoly. Why tho Now South Wales ridors should bo ho badly troated is a , mystery to everybody, iis all visiting cyclists to Sydney are always givon every advantage in tho way of starts. Ono thing is- oortain, that tho Molbourno B.C. will not bo so woll patronised by our boy« for tho futuro, at any rate, in handicaps. I think it iB quite uaolo s to search any furthor for tho winnor than F, H. Shnokletord and I shall pi -oo him first, G. S. Goddos second, E. A. Nankivoll third, and A. E. Browne fourth. 1 (TO THE EDITOR OV THB ' KEPEBBE.') Sir,— On oponing tho Sunday Timf.b yea terdiy morning I porooivod that tho long looked for Anstrul Wheel Raoo ' handioape I' had appearod, only a weak lato, as on the entry form thoy woro advortisod to nppoar last Saturday week. Howovor, tho lateness is a moro trifle compared with tho 'handi- caps' thoins.-lvos. As. far as tlio Syduoy riders are concorned, not ono of the throe; viz., Messrs. Edgar, Go dHel', and C.utbush, hav6 tho ghost of a show. To start with tho soratoli man. Mr. Fehlon, ho ia a rider who', can do a mile on the grass track in 2mm 45sec. Vory g.od, but none of tho throe Sydnoy riders aro ablo to do a milo under 3miu or 3min 5'soo, from whioh, I draw tho conclusion that Mr. Fonlon can givo oaoh of ,thom lityyds in a milo, or 300yds in two milos. I do i.ot linow on what grounds Goodsell got* a handioap from Edgar, as at tho last tjvo meetings hora Goodsoll has boon giving Ed guy. 25yds in a mile, aid alao beatmgnim. Ocod soll is. only a sooond-elassA ridor, aud what .possible-show iwill ho havi-ugainst that first class rider, A. E. Brown*/ with only 20ydn start from him ? I pass in sileneetho handi caps of tho Vi ltorian riders, as I do not know anything abont them, oxoopting Shaokolford, who roooivos 150yds., How. on oarth a ridor whoa short timo u^o was winning tho cham pionship of Austvalia can got 150yds start simply beoause bo has not riddou for some timo boats mo. I wondor if the handioappor would givo O.W. Bonnott ovor u hundred yards ? PorViapa ho would if ho (Bonnott) wus a mor/iber of tho Molbourno B.C. A month ano I intended to ont or for the raoe myself, ,fcut I was . advised by a Melbourne friend .to keep my monoy. as I would, get-na .show,, and ho also told ma tho .b^ndiq^p Mossrs. Brown and Goddes would get fc tlioy havo got tho oxa t handicap ho » B Aftor til's, I all mid adviso thn tlirco Syd £ ridors not to sup -ort tho Molbourno 11 C « compoting. Hoping you will insert thi't I am, &c.;, W. M. Pai,jivr it Sydney, Nov. 12, 1883. | (TO TUK EDlTOll OF TDK ' RKVBnBK,') Sir, — No doubt in common with a good mi i moro of my cyclist friends, I was greatly ( | gustod on poru-iing tho handicaps for tho 1 fi raco of tho yoiir in Vlolbourno. Of oom I can understand somo of tho difiioultiosVwB handioappor, ospocially whon treating 9 competitors from othor colonics, but'as H oxcuso for tho placing of so o of tlio cntiW in tho raco this yoar, I can find neither set nor ronsou. It is ovidont at tho outsot that oar friati ovor tbo bordor are determined not to lot car.y away tho big pot this yoar, but the was no oooasion to put our socond-olass lot fur back to gain this ond. For ' instant Edgar could havo been put on tho same ma with Shackelford (a first-class man, and t milo ox-champion), nnd tlion havo had earthly show. What poor Goodsoll has dono to got on 20yds from A. E. Browuo (a previous winnor this race), I cautiot l'or a moment concoiv and wondor why ho was not put on tho aan mark. Cutbush is bettor treated, but ho coul s' art from 200yds and tlion bo oloan out of i as against tho limit mon. Sir, I maiutaiu that tlio limit of 425yds f( a two milo raco is ridiculous, and robs th scratch mon of all hopes. Nankivoll on 380yds, and Geddcs o 400yds aro thrown in, and O 'ght to liberal! thank tho handioappor, as alao should onr ol friond Shackolford on 150yds, who ncod dc foar this colony's representatives. 1 shoul thin-, aftor this, that ou boys will havo tl sonao to stop at homo, and at loast savo o ponsos.— I am, &c.;, Outsider, [I ([uito agrco wi th abovo in every resp;o and would strongly adviso tho boyB to stic togothori and st p avv.iy. — Tanoent.] R. HOWELL v. W. WOOD FOR 4100. On Saturday ovoning, Soptembor 29. a Qv miles matoh on bi lyo'ea , botweon Kichai How- 11 and W. Wood, North Shiolds, wu dooided on tho North Shields track, in tl proacnco of about 500 spectators. .The woathi was anything but favourable, and tho trap! was only in middling ordor for racing. Bo) ting ruled at ovons. Howell lod for tho to two laps, but tho paco was so slow that Woo forced his way to tho front, and mado th running until a milo remained to bo covered Horo Howoll again assumed promior position and looked all ovor a winner until half a loj from Homo, when Wood, on tho outside, dashod to tho frout, and aftor a magnifioon struggle, won by about a yard and a half Timo, 16min 314-5soo. 