Tun opcuiug of tlie railway to Buu- 1 dabcrg is an eveut that recjuires no cut aud dried cclebratiou to impress the community with a due sense olits importance. Whether we hike our Buudaberi; friends seriously, or join iu the laugh that their huffy determina tion to meet causes of offence half-way has excited throughout the district, the completed liue needs, at all eyeuts, neither flatulent speeches nor I doubtful champague to emphasise the advantages it is adapted to confer on a very considerable section of tbe people oi this colony. Whether the the cause of dispute between tbe pep pery Bumlabergians and our unsym pathetic iiixi priii * Premier was an 'accident' or a deliberate slight, matters little, so long as the line is open aud the trains run from end to end with as little obstruction and mismanagement us was apparent ou Monday. The real significance of the occasion consists iu the completion of the lirst considerable section of genuine coast-railing that the colony has yet seen. The line from Mary borough to Gympie, although it will i j serve to lill a gap in the coastal j system, was uudertaken on grounds j very different ironi those that prompted the new policy of placing the ports along our eastern coast iu railway communication with each other. It was designed partly in the interest ol certain Gympie reefers aud lauil-sharks, aud partly as a carminative sop to divert the atten tiou of tlie citizens of Maryborough from their long cherished scheme of a railway to Gayndah, now tardily entered upon after all means of mak ing us forget the old love had failed. But although the Gympie line was iu its origin nothing better than mere gag and bedevilment. it already con tained the kernel of the now generally accepted system. As soon as the shriek of the iron horse resounded | among tlie hills of Gympie, Brisbane forthwith became bilious with envy and panted for mere iutimate rela tions with the noted goldfield. A continuation of the liue to Brisbane at cnce became a ioregoue conclusion. There was the usual pretence of rais ing difficulties on the score of expen diture and rival routes ; but Queen . street had spoken aiid at the behest ' of the all- powerful hucksters' ring the obstacles vanished. From Bris bane to Caboolture the much debated line crept stealthily on, and by the time that Government had mustered courage to lay the plans of the costlier and more ambitious sections before parliament, nearly one third of the distance was in a fair way of being I bridged over. But to make the job less glaring, it became necessary to make it fit into a wider plait than the mere diversion of a part of the Gym pie trade to Brisbane- The failure of the private scheme of a line to the Burrum afforded the desired oppor tunity, and it was eagerly jumped at. While the construction of that short line — as another sop to Maryborough — was under way, what more natural or politic than to continue the survey northward to Bnndaberg and at the same time promulgate tlie beauty and expediency of that coastal system ol i which both were to form part. There were plenty of stock arguments available wherewith to make it go down. The British Government, with its chronic dread of French in vasion and holy horror oi Channel tunnels, had always encouraged the building of coast railways ; and thereiore so ought we. The trunk lines that connect the great Austra lian capitals run rs, nmnmiUitv rci, as Sir Sam would say, nearly parallel to although at a considerable distance from, the general contour of the Australian coast. Could a better reason be quoted why Queensland ought to run /m- future lines almost along the sea-beach ? Aud while they were about it, they might *.is well rectify one or two in congruities that had persistently stuck in the throats of all Queens landers who took the trouble to rea son. The Bundaberg— Mount Perry line, the costliest and most flagrant of the many costly and flagrant jobs perpetrated under the cover of a spurious liberalism, was a perpetual and damning monument of the weak folly of the invertebrates who have brought the colony more than once to the verge of insolvency. With all the cooking of accounts that has been the vule in connection with this un justifiable little railway, froin the cost of the ' concrete culverts ' down to the current expenditure on axle grease, the persistant and glaring excess of working expenses over re ceipts was a ghost that would not be laid and was for ever recalling and emphasising the disgrace! ul tactics by which parliament was in entrapped into consent. Something must really be done to block the scandal, if pos sible, and make the traffic pay atleast theengine-driver's wages, and since it was impossible to foresee the 'happy accident' of the dis covery oi Eidsvold, which has al ready applied to the desired stimu lus, nothing remained but to con tinue the coast line northward as a feeder to the inland one. And simultaneously with this resolve another object of disquietude loomed in the distance which it would help to remove. Port Curtis, the best, indeed only good natural port of our east coast, has been persistently sacrificed to the greed of the liock hanipton wool brokers and shippers. A harbor, second only to Port Jack son iu capacity anil superior to it in means of aceess, remains unvisited by commerce because a succession of cowardly governments, treinbliug for the lfoclcl lamp ton vote, are afraid of the responsibility of bringing the Central Kailway to its proper aud natural terminus at Gladstone. The inhabitants of that artificially stunted village, the Cinderella among Queens land ports, have had but few and feeble opportunities for pleading their own cause, aud the consequence is that it has become the cause of .all honest men and straight thinkers throughout Queensland. The in justice done to Gladstone, and i through it to the whole colouy, by flinging away hundreds of thousands on impracticable sandshoals and mud banks, aud neglecting the natural facilities that Providence has created, is deeply graved in the minds of many ; and will ere long become its own Nemesis. Every day that passes makes it more glaring and the moral aud political necessity tor redress more urgent. That commerce should much longer be divested from its natural channels, and the regular development of two-thirds of our western country be handicapped in order that liockhampton frontages may keep their price and a little knot of lazy chapmen on the bank.; of a useless tide-way may continue to drawn their commissions, is not to be borne much longer. So Gladstone aud its many sympathisers are to be conciliated,' for the time being, by the feint of a continuation of the coastal line in that direction. It is, in fact, a slightly varied repetition of the same old game that was tried on with Maryborough, when we were so assiduously informed that our true interests lay in a closer connection with Gympie, rather than Gayndah. But let the government not deceive themselves. The coastal line be tween Bundaberg and Gladstone will not serve Gladstone's turn half so long as the Gympie line served ours. It is a risky thing to attempt to do justice by halves. Once at Glad stone, the coastal line will, by mere force of circumstances move' on to Eockhampton, or, more probably, Gracemere. Then will the timid beings who are afraid to demand railway communication with their own pet mudhole at Port Alma, lest it should disturb their present serenity, realise on how ridiculously hollow a basis their prosperity rests. 