The Petersburg Times ORROROO CHRONICLE AND NORTHERN ADVERTISER. FRIDAY, MAY 4, 1888. THE Broken Hill Argus advocates continuation of the broad-gauge line of rails to Broken Hill by way of Eudunda. THAT Yongala baker could not have made a fortune by selling bread at 2d. a loaf, after paying the hawker's licence. SALE OF PASTORL LEASES.—By an advertisement in to-day's issue it is noted leases of nearly 22,000 square, miles, including what is said to be some of the finest pastorai land in the colony will be offered at auction in Adelaide on the 27th of next month. A Key-map to detail plans may be in- spected at this office. MR BUTTON.—A well-designed tomb- stone, formed of cement concrete, has been made at the Adelaide River, for the purpose of being erected over the grave of John Slater, late railway em- ployee who was buried there. This work has been carried through by Mr Button, inspector of railway works there without any assistance, and at his own expense.—Northern Territory Times. Mr C. S. MANN—This gentleman who writes to us from Palmerston N. T. under date of March 27th would like his many friends in Petersburg to know that he is "well, jolly and hard at work" in that land of Japs, Chinese, Tamils, Cingalese, &c.; and hopes to get the rails laid to Pine Creek by Christmas and be South again in the following June" AT Petersburg, on Friday last, a serious accident happened to a child 5 years old. The little fellow, a son of Mr Sambell, a farmer, was playing in the vicinity of a wheat stack, when a bag of Wheat fell on him, breaking his thigh and otherwise injuring him. He was taken to the Jamestown Hospital, but the little sufferer succumbed to his injuries next day. ACCIDENT AT TEROWIE. — Isaac Robert Kimberly, a young man, a guard on the railway, while taking out the Port Pirie train on Monday morn- ing met with a nasty accident. He was collecting tickets while the train was approaching the running sheds, and while walking along the footboard on returning to the brake he was thrown from the train just at the corner of the running shed. He fell underneath, and part of his foot was cut off to the instep. The train was pulled up, and Dr Hill was sent for and proceeded with the sufferer to Jamestown Hos- pital. After a consultation with Dr Pentland it was deemed advisable to amputate the foot just above the ancle, Dr Hill assisting at the operation. The patient is now progressing favorably. Considerable sympathy is expressed for the young man, who provides for his widowed mother at Port Pirie. Only a few months ago he was jammed be- tween the buffers, and had a finger am- putated, while the fleshy part of the right hand was considerably cut. PETERSBURG RACE COMMITTEE.—A meeting of the above committee was held at the Junction Hotel, Petersburg, on Saturday evening last, and attended by a goodly number of Committee-men. Mr T. Williams was voted to the chair and the minutes of the previous meet- ing were read and confirmed. The weights for the races were received from the handicapper, Mr Hughes, together with a letter asking if the present com- mittee was in any way connected with that of last year and stating that he had received no payment for the work he did then and that numerous appli- cations to the Secretary, Mr Rabbich, were taken no notice of. Mr Laurie proposed that Mr Hughes be paid his last year's fee provided there were suf- ficient funds in hand, which motion was seconded and carried unanimously. It was resolved that the races be held in Mr John Anderson's paddock. Messrs Seagrim, Sheridan, Howard, Williams, Laurie, Preece, and Prater were ap- pointed to peg out the course and act as a working Committee. The Secretary was instructed to request Messrs Tre- leaven and Brown to cart the necessary posts, etc. out to the race course. The Committee gladly accepted the offer of Mr Sharland who kindly volun- teered to take charge of the gates. On the motion of Mr Laurie seconded by Mr Hughes it was decided that the ad- mission to the ball be gentlemen 4s and ladies free. Messrs Laurie and Shar- land were appointed to act as a ball committee. On the motion of Mr Bannigan it was resolved that tenders be called for the sale of the race cards and also for the selling of refreshments. The next meeting of the committee was fixed for Tuesday, May 8, at the Peters- burg hotel. "Dr T. E. SMYTH''—A few weeks ago a gentleman bearing this name put up at the Petersburg Hotel and an- nounced in these columns his intention to practice as a doctor in our midst. The rather mysterious medical qualific- ation of "B.A., R.U.I. puzzled our townspeople not a little, and possibly had the effect of inducing caution on their part, too, as although the health of the community has recently been far from good we could not hear of the doctor being rushed with work. On glancing over a copy of the Broken Hill Argus about a week ago we were somewhat surprised to see an advertise- ment in that paper setting forth that the "doctor" had commenced the practice of his profession in the silver city, the qualification on this occassion being expressed by the additional in itials of "Q.U.I.," A few days later an ad. appeared in the Barrier Miner in which our medical friend appeared as "B.A., R." and Q.U.I, and we are now glancing through the columns of the Silver Age for further develop- ments. As during this period the doctor had neither countermanded nor paid for the advertisement in this journal and had in no way acquainted the people of Petersburg with his departure we certainly cannot, to say the least, compliment him on his courtesy. The local institute is sadly in need of funds but judging from the following from the Broken Hill Argus of Monday last, the committee of that institution have every reason to feel grateful that the "doctor" did not inflict his famous lecture on "Laughing gas'' on a Petersburg audience. Tomatoes must indeed be plentiful in Broken Hill judg- ing from the reckless way in which they have been used:—A lecture on "Laughing Gas" was in part delivered by Dr Smyth in aid of the fund for the hospital. The aim of the lecture beiug, we understood, to illustrate by its use the strange effects it produces on different persons. The doctor was certainly handicapped by the fact that he had no gas of the nature required. A portion of the audience, unused to the fine touches of humor that are to be found in gentlemen of all professions, resented this—to them—breach of contract. They had come to see gas. and had to be contented with receiving it in another manner. It is hard to play Hamlet without the ghost, but it has been done; it is hard to float a mine without metal, but this too has been done in other countries, and we fail to see why the lecture should have come to an untimely end for want of matter at once so plentiful and easily procurable. But this was its fate as decreed by the gentlemen who sat in front. A person, unknown, mounted the stage and commenced to recount fragments from his auto-biography. Byron has said that auto-biographies are interesting only to the hero. We shall never doubt Byron again. One illustration carries more conviction than the Boothby proverbs. We re- gret that we are unable to express en- tire satisfaction with the manner in which the affair was conducted. It interferes sadly with a lecturer's equanimity to have to dodge tomatoes and other missiles, and his story is apt to lose ts continuity and force, 