NOTES. The Onda» of Russia, in order to patt away ber leisure time, U asid to often taska dresses for her youngerchildren, in addition to trimming their hats. The marriage of Charles A. Egerton, eldest son of Lady Mary Egerton, of Moonta ela Court, Sussex, and the late Mr. E. C. Egerton, with the Hon. Mabelle Annie Brassey, eldest daughter of Lord Brassey, BL CB, wss lately solemnised in the church of St Lawrence, Cats field, near Battle, England. Owingtomourning in both families the wedding was a quiet ene, and only relations were invited. The well-known German prophsoy that no member of the bouse of Hohenzollern should succeed his father in the German throne has been disposed of by theaooessionof the Emperor Frederick, and now that the superstltionis do stroyed, perhaps the " White Lady," who is said to bs the family ghost of the Hohezollerns, will also be found to nave loot her hold upon the credulity of the German populaos. Mts. Cleveland's peta are the poodle Hector, the huge St Bernard dog Kay, and the little Jersey heifer Gracie. The happy family are five oats-one of them entirely black, another every loeb white ; seven canaries, three of whom are allowed the freedom of the bedroom; a number of white mice, two peacocks, a (minea pig, nine fancy chickens, two alligators, and a fawn-th* latter trio having lately arrived from Florida. A baroness, well known in Braeselsaaoueof [ the most elegant, cultivated, and intellectual ornaments of society, became violently enamoured some time ago of a young follow in the employment of a butcher in that oity. She took him from his occupation, supplied him with plenty of money, and bad tbs mortifica- tion of knowing that ne dissipated it upon dis- reputable amours. In a fit of passion she assassinated her protege, and the Court of As- sizes bas just sen tenoad ber to 12 years' im- prisonment with hard labour, Paris ladies are now biking to Serky's tea for their home receptioni,|Deosuse it is said that lt makes the complexion wonderfully fair and white, and prevente arrio Ides ever making their unwelcome appearance1 on the face. Another thing, lockets and brooches are now filled with the new solid scents. . The advantage of these solid scents is that they do not evaporate like liquids. Every scent, whiob used to be once only in a liquid fora), is now solidified, and csn be carried about the person. Some put a cake of scent in their pockets, others in their handbag, others in their purse or card-case, and others in their gloves. There are only about 400 people in fashion able New York society. If you go outside that number you strike people wbo are either not at ease in a ball- room, or else make otherpeople not at ease. Of course there are soy numbVr of the most cultivated and highly respectable, evendistÍDguished,peopleoutsideoffashionable society. When we give a large ball like the last New Year's ball for 800 guests, we go outside of the exclusive fashionable set, and invite professional men, doctore, lawyers, editors, artists, and the like. But the day when fortunes admitted men to exclusive society has gone by. Now with the rapid growth of riches, miliiooaijes are too oommon to receive much deference ; a fortune of a million is only respectable poverty. So we have to draw social boundaries on snother basis; old connections, gentle breeding, perfection io all the requisite accomplishments of agentlemaa,elegantleisure, and an unstained private reputation count for more than newly Sotten riches.-From "AD Interview with lr. WardM'Allister"fn the Tribune. " Renting articles for occasions," said a New York jeweller, " is a growing feature with us. It is hardly a regular business, but a number of the large houses is in it to some extent. Tbeyoall it accommodating thie friends, but they collect fees. There is a woman in that city in the business of renting jewellery who frequently lets out from £10,000 to £16,000 worth of jewels in an evening. Who are the borrowers? Mostly men. You would not thinkit You would guess tbat feminine vanity was at the bottom of the busi- ness ; but the male bird is the vain- est, let me teil yon. Besides, women usually own more gems than men. The artiales loaned are diamonds principally-studs, oollar-buttons, rings, sleeve-buttons, Ac. Men want them for receptions, weddings, and din- ners. Women borrow bracelete, and occasion- ally a necklace. Now a magnificent necklace can be got up for £700 or £800 that the non- professional observer will think worth £2,000. Jewellers, of course, do not let these valuables to people they do not know. They exact security for the most expensive. Articles of vertu and bric-a-brac for adorning a room are often rented also. All of these must be returned early tho next morning. Theladfea who devote themselves toamateur ambulance work are, generally speaking, getting on pretty well ; but something must oe allowed for the handiwork of novices. Instances have been reported of young ladies who could possibly have tackled a dislocated shoulder with tolerable ease, and yet have broken down at a out thumb and been compelled to give way in so simple a matter to Dolly the Maid, with her grand- mother's notions. Little mistakes, too, must be expected. The latest illustration of this reported is a ease of a member of the Ladies' Ambulance Corps, who while walking along a London thoroughfare a few daya ago saw a man knocked down by a otb. As his leg wss said to be fractured, the young lady (so goes the story) stepped from the crowd and volun- teered to put the limb in splints- She borrowed from the onlookers a walking stick, a parasol, and some handkerchiefs. Thus f urnisbedshedextsrouslv applied her material, and was rewarded by the praises of those around her. On proceeding to raise the sufferer, however, it was discovered that the wrong leg had been sst, and the bandages, as a consequence, «rere asdly and «lowly unwound. Did you ever ses a doctor kick an orange peel off the pavement or tell an acquaintance that he was sitting in a draught t Wife-"In the game of lawn tennis, my dear, what ia the moat difficult thing to acquire ?" Husband-" The lawn." General Pando, of tbs Spanish army, is reported to have invented a new projectile, whiob will probably be applicable to gnns up to twenty-four centimetres. The principle of the new shell depends upon the reaction of two substances-both liquid, or one liquid and the other solid-which, separated, are harmless, but which, being brought together by the shock of the projectile striking against any object, cause a violent explosion. Although General Pando keeps the nature of his explosive secret, several substances are known which act in the manner described, and this property has been made use of in the land torpedo*1! of the Italians at Massowah, in Hart s explosive cartridges, and in some mining powders used in the United States. Improvements in means of apparatus em- ployed in coupling and uncoupling railway rolling stock form the subject of a patent. The ordinary screw coupling is used by the inventor, bathe modifies it by cutting off the projection oarryiog the pivotted weighted arm and by turning the centre part between thetwoBcrewstoaoylindrioalfrom, presumably of the same diameter as the summit of the screw thread. Along one of the screws and along the cylindrical part a groove to receive a key is cut, and a bevel pinion is mounted on the cylindrical part of the screw which is provided with the key already referred to. The pinion gives motiun to the screw, and by further arrangements and a spring which is interposed between the unit of the outer coupling link and tbs bow ring of the coupling screw, the engine-driver or an attendant at either aide of the wagon can, by rotating one or the other of the operating shafts either raised the outer coûter coupling link for the purpose of coupling or un- coupling and give motion to tbs screw so as to tighten the coupling after the outer coupling link bsa beso placed over the hook of th» adjaoeat vehicle. 