BEN-HUR; THE DAYS OF THE MESSIAH. B? LEW. WALLACE. ! BOOK SEVENTH. I CHAPTER V.-THE HEBALD AND HIS KING. The third day of the journey the party halted . by the river Jabbok, where there; were a haa | died or more men, mostly of Percei, resting j themselves and their beasts. Hardly had they j dismounted before a man came to them with a pitcher of water and a bowl and offered them drink ; as they received the attention with much courtesy he said, looking at the camel, " I am returning from the Jordan, where just now there are many people from distant parts, tra i veiling as you are, illustrious friend; but they had none of them the equal of your servant here. A very noble animal. May I ask of whit breed he is sprung ?" ! Balthasar answered, and sought hia rest ; | but Btn-Hur, more curious, took up the re ; mark. j "At- what place on the river are the people 1" i he asked. J " At Bethabara." i "It URed to be a lonesome ford,"paii Bsn ! Hur, "Icannot understand how it can have be come of such interest." "1 see," the stranger replied; " you, too, are from abroad, and have not heard the good tidings." " What tidings ?' "Well, a man has appeared out of the wilderness-a vtry holy man-with his mouth full of strange words, which take h;ld of all who hear them. He calls himself Jotiu the ; son of Zacharias, and saya he is the messenger i sent before thf Messiah." Even Iras listened closely while the nnti j continued | "They say of this John that he has spent hia i life from childhood in a cave do>vn by En-gedi, | prayiig and living more strictly than the Essenes. Crowds go to hear him preach. I ' went to hear him with the rest.'' j "Have all these, your friends, been there?" I " Most of them are going ; a lew are comiag away." "What does he preach?'' "A new doctrine-one never before taught in I Israel, as all say, He calls it repentance and | baptism. The rabbis do not know what to | make of him; nor do we, Some have asked j him if he is the Christ, others if he is Eiias; I but to them he has the answer, ' I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, Make straight | the way of the Lord !" I At this point the man was called away by j his friends ; as he waa going.Balthaaar spoke. "Good stranger !" he said tremulously, "Cell us if we shall find the preacher at tiie pUc9 you left him?" "Yes, at Bethabara." "Who should this preacher be?" said Ban Hur to Iras, "if not the herald of our King?' In so short a time he had come to regiiri the daughter as more interested in the my^&ei;'iou j personage he was lookiog for than tbe aged father. Nevertheless the latter, with a pjsi tive glow in hiB sunken eyes, half arose, and Baid '. Let us make haste. I atn not tired." They turned away to help the slave, Theie was little conversation between tha three at the stopping-place for the night we3b of B&moth-Gilead.; ' Let us arise early, son of Hur," said the old man. "The Saviour may come, and we not there." "The King cannot be far behind His herald," Iras whispered as bhe prepared to take her place on the camel. "To morrow we will see," Ban-Hur replied, ; kissing her hand. Next day about the third hour, out of the pata through which, skirting the ba3e of M'.unt Gilead, they had journeyed since leaving Ramoth, the paity came upon the bairen steppe east of the sacred river. Oppo site tfcem they saw the upper limit of the old palm lands of Jericho, stretching off to the hill country of Judea Ben-tlur's blood ran quickly, for he knew the ford was close at hand, ! "Content you, good Balthasar," he sail; "we are almost there." The driver quickened tho camel's pice, Soon ' they caught bight of b-joths and tents and tethered animals; and then of the river, and a multitude collected down close by the bank, and yet another multitude on the western shore. Knowing tnat the preacher was preach- : icg, they made greater haste; yet, as fcaey were drar.ing near, suddenly there was a corn- i motion in the mas?, and it began to break up ! and disperse, . They were too late ! . "Let us stay here," said Ben-Hur to Bil thasar, who was wringing hid hands. " Tne j prophet may come this w»y." : The people were too intent upon what they ' bad htatd, and too busy m discussion, to notice i the new-comers. When some hundred* were , gone by, and it seemed that the opportunity to i see the preacher was lost to the latter, up the j river not far away they beheld a person comiug ' towards them of such singular appearance they , forgot all else. j Outwardly the man was rude and uncouth, | even savage. Over a thin, gaunt visage of the j hue of brown parchment, over his uhoulder3 j and down his back below the middle, in witjh like lucks, fell a covering of sua scorched hair, j His eyes were burning bright. His right j shoulder was naked, and of the color of his | face, and quite as meagre; a shirt of the coarsest . camel's hair-coarse as Bedouin tent-cloth- i clothed tbe rest of hia person to the knees, j being gathered at the waist by a broad girdle of untanned leather, His feet were b:;rd. A ] scrip, aleo of unmanned leather, waa fastened i to the girdle. He used a knotted staff to help : him forward. His movement was quick, ; deiided, and strangely watchlul. Every little ? ^vhile he tossed the unruly hair from his eyes, and peered round as if searching for somebody. ; The fair Egyptian surveyed the son of tde ' Dc-sr-it with eurptise, not to say disgu3t. Pre sently, raising the curtain of the houdah, she spoke to Ben Hur, who sat on his horse near by. " Is that the herald of thy King ?" "It is the Baptist," he replied without look ing up. In truth he was himself more than disap pointed. Despite hia familiarity with the ascetic colonists in En Gedi-their dress, their indifference to all worldly opiniou, their con- ' stancy to vows which gave them over to every ; imaginable suffering of body, and separated them from others of their kind as absolutely as if they had not been born like them-and not withstanding he had been notified on the way to look for a preacher whose simple description cf himself was a Vuice from the VViidecngss still Ben Hur's drejm of the King who was to EO great and do so much had colored all his thought of Him, so that he never J doubted to liDd in the forerunner some si.^n or > tokc-n of the goodlinesa and royalty he an nouncing. Gazing at the savage hs'uio before him, tiie long trains oi courtiers whom he had i been n.-ed to see in the thermic and iiip^rial ! corridors at Rome arose before him, forcing a comparison. Shocked, chained, bewildered, he C'Uid only answer- ' "It is the Baptist." ' With Balthazar it was very different. The j WEje ot God, he knew, were not a3 men would have them, He had seen the Saviour : a child in a manger, and wa3 prepared : by his faith for the rude and simple in connection with the Divine reappear ance. So he kept his seat, his hands crossed upon his breast, his lips moving in prayer. He was not expecting a king. In this time of such interest to the new comeis, and in which they wpre so differently moved, another man had been sitting by him self tm a ttono at the edge of tbe river, think ing yet, probably, of the sermon he had been hearing. Nowr however, he arose, and walk-d el owl y rip from the shore, >n a course to t",ke him across the line the Baptist was pursuing and bring him near the camel. And tbe two-the preacher and the stranger \- kept on until they came, the former within 20 jards of the animal, tbe latter within 10 feet. Then the preacher stopped, and flung the hair from his eyeB, looked at the stranger, threw his hands up as a signal to all the people in tifiht; and they alao stopped, each in the pose of a listener; and when the huah was perfect, slowly the staff in the Baptist's light hand came down pointed at the stronger. All those who before were but listeners became watchers also. At the Bame instant, under the same im pulse, Balthasar aud Ben- Hur fixed their gaze upon the man pointed out, and boTh took the Bame impression, oniy in different degree. He v:^ moving slowly towards them in a cleat tyace a little to their front, a form slightly at ove the aierage in t-tature, and slender, even ctlicate. His action was culm and deliberate, like ti at habitual to men much given to ceriouH thought upon grave subjects; aad it well beciiniti his o-stume, which was an uuder garment full-sleeved and reaching to the aukle.i?, and an outer robe called the talith; on hi* left arm he carried the usual handkerchief fur tbe head, the red fillet swinging loose down his side. Except tbe fillet and a narrow border of blue at the lower edge of the talifch, his attire was of linen yellowed with dust and loadttains. Possibly the exception should be extended to the tassels, which were biue and vhite, aa prescribed by law for rabbia. His sandals were of the simplest kind. He was withr ut scrip or girdle or btaff. These points of appearance, however, the three beholders observed briefly, and rather as accessories to the head and face of the man, which- especially the latter-were the real sources of the *pell they caught in common with all who stood looking at him. The head w:»s;: open to the cloudless light, except as it was draped with hair long and slightly waved, and parted in the middle, and auburn in tint, with a tendency to reddish golden where most strongly touched by the sun. Under a broad, low t forehead, under black well arohed brows, I beamed eyes dark-blue and large, and softened ! to exceeding tenderness by lashes of the great j length sometimes seen on children, but seldom, ; if ever, on men. As to the other features, it ; would have been difficult to decide whether ! tl^y were Greek or Jewish. The delicacy of J tbe nostrils and mouth was unusual to the | latter type; and when it was taken into j account with the gentleness of the eyes, the i pallor of the complexion, tbe fine texture of the . hair, and the softness of the beard, which fell ; in waves over his throat to his breast, never a I Eoldier but would have laughed afc him in | encounter, never a woman who would not have ; confided in him at sight, never a child that j would not, with quick instinct, have given ; hirn its hand and whole artless trust; nor j might any one have said he was not.beautiful, j The features, it should be further said, were ! ruled by a certain expression which, a3 the ' viewer chose, might with equal correctness : have been called the effect of intelligence, love, i pity, or sorrow; though in better speech it : was a blending of them all-a look ea3y to : fancy as the mark of a sinless soul doomed to ; tbe eight and understanding of the utter sin- ' fulness of those among whom it was passing ; yit withal no one could have observed the face j with a thought of weakness in the man; BO, at least, would not they who know that the : qualities mentioned-love, Borrow, pity-are the results of a consciousness of strength to '? bear Buffering oftener than strength to do; Euch has been the night of martyrs and de votees and the myriads written down in saintly calendars. Aud such, indeed, was the air of tljtb one. Slowly He drew near-nearer the three, Now Ben Hur. mounted and spear in hand, was an object to claim the glance of a king; yet the eyes of the man approaching were all the time raised above him- and not to Iras, ^vhose loveliness has been so often remarked, but to Balthasar, the old and unserviceable. The hush was profound. Presently the Baptist, still pointing with his staff, c-ritd in a loud voice : " Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world !" The many standing still, arrested by the action of the Epeaker, and listening for what might follow, wtre struck witti awe by words so strange and past their understanding; upon Balthasar they were overpowering, tie waB there to tee once more the .Redeemer of men. Tbe faith which had brought him tbe singtdar privileges of the time long gone abode yet in bis heart; and if now it gave him a power of vision above that of his felloes-a power to see and know Him for whom he was looking- . brtttr than calling the power a miracle, let it : be thought ot aa the faculty of a soul not yet entirely released from the divine relations to ? ? ?which it had been formerly admitted, or aa the ! fitting reward of a life in that age to without ; examples of holiness-a life itself a miracle. The ideal of his faith was before him, pertecs : in face, form, dre^s, action, age; and he y/^s in its view, and tbe view was recognition. : Ah. now if something shouM happen to identify the etrauger beyond all doubt! And that was what did happen. Exactly at the fitting mem-eat, as if to assure ' the trembling Egyptian, the Baptist repeated . the cry .' Behold "the Lamb of God, whioh tiketh away the sin of the world." Balthasar fell upon his knees. For him : there was no need of explanation ; and as if , the Baptist knew it, ho turned to those mora ! immediately about him staring in wonder, and ! continued- i "This ia He of whom I said, After me j cometh a man which ia preferred befbre me; for He was before me. And I knew Him not; ; but that He should be manifest to Israel, therefore am I come baptising with water. I saw the Spirit descending from heaven like a ! dove, and it abode upon Him. And I knew , Bim not; but He that sent me to baptise with i water tbe same sail unto me, Upon whom : thou shalt see the Spirit descending and re- < maining on Him the Fame is He which bap- j tiseth with the Holy Ghost, And I suw and 1 bare record that this"-he paused, his staff still pointing at the stranger in the white gar ments, as if to give a more absolute certainty to both his words and the conclusions intended , -" 1 bare record that this is the Son OF : ' " It is He, it i3 He !" Balthasar cried wifcn : upraised tearful eyes. Next moment he sank j down insensible. j All this time, it should be remembered, Bea- : Hur was studying the face of the stranger, ; though with an interest entirely different. He was not insensible to its purity of feature, and , its tboughtfulnees, tenderness, humility, and | holiness; but just then there was room in his ? mind for but one thought-Who is this man? ; And what? Messiah or kiDg? Never was ; apparition mere unrojal. Nay, looking at ; that calm, benignant countenance, the very i " idea of war and conquest, and lust of dominion, j smote him like a profanation. He said, aa if . speaking to his own heart- Balthasar must be right and Simonides wrong. This man ha3 not j come to rebuild the throne of Solomon; He j lias neither the nature nor the genius of j Hercd; king he may be, but not oi another and , greater than Rome. j This was not a conclusion with Ban- j Hv.r, but an impression merely; aud j while it was forming, while yet he > gazed at the wonderful countenance, his : nr emery began to throe and struggle. " Surely," he said to himseif, "I have seen the ; man; but where and when?" Tnat the look, j bo calm, eo pitiful, BO loving, had somewhere in ; a past time beamed upon him as that moment ; it wss beaming upon Balthazar became an as- . surancp. Eaiutly at first, at last a clear light, ? a burst of sunshine, the scene by the well at Nazareth that time the .Roman guard was dragging him to the galleys returned, and all hi3 being thrilled. Those hands had helped him when be was perishing. The face was one of the pictures he had carried in mind ever since. In the effusion of feeling excited, the explana tion of the preacher was lojt by him, all but the last words- words so marvellous that the world %et rings with them. "-this is the SON OK GOD !" Ben-Hur leaped from hia horse to rendar homage to hia benefactor; but Iras cried to him, "Help, son of Hur, help, or my father : will die." He stopped, locked back, then hurried to her assistance. She gave him a cup, and leaving the slave to bring the camel to^ its ? knerp, he rau to the river for water. Tlie i stranger was gone when he came back. i At laEt Balthasar was restored to conscious- ; nets. Stretching forth hia hands, he asked ; ft t b!y, " Where ia He ?' I " Who ?''asked Iras. j An intense instant interest shone upon the : good man's face, as if a lasi tviah hid been j gratified, and he answered ' . He-the Redeemer- the Son of Gorl, whom j I have seen again." I " Believest thou so?" Iras asked in a low voice of Den-IIur. " The time is lull of wonders; let u« wait," was all he said. And next day, while the three were listening to him, the Baptist broke off in mid-speech, Eaying reverently, Behold the Lamb of God!1 Looking to where he pointed they baheld tbe Etranger again. As Ben-Hur surveyed the slender figure, and holy beautiful couutenauce compassionate to sadness, a new idea broke upon bim. " Balthasar is right-so is Simonides. May not the Redeemer be a King also?'' And he asked one at his side, " Who is the man walking yonder?" The other laughed mockingly, and replied "He iB the Bon of a carpenter over la Nuza retb," 1 (To be continued.) 