Ecadies* ' &®lmmm : ?'? [BY BUTTERFLY.] HINTS ON NUESING. ; I. suppose no profession has made greater strides towards perfection in 'the last few years than has the profession of nursing, . Skilled and conscientious trained nurses 'are now entirely super- ' seding those of the Sairey Gamp type in ? the hospitals and elsewhere, and fortu nate indeed the individual wib in times of sickness can olitain fnn h;m n» i,«.^ic the services of auch an one. ' ' , ? ' _ To almost every woman sooner or. later in her life will fall the task of nursinir some relation or friend, but as every : woman has not had -the advantage of the practical training necessary to the hospi- t - tal nurse of to-day, perhaps to her and to ' her sisters these' few hints on home - nursing may prove acceptable. ?.''.'. In the first place, however, let me most ? emphatically impress upon my readers that in caso of severe illness if the services of a trained nurse can by any means be seoured let it be done. Apart from the superior knowledge she will of necessity possess, the patient will in all ' probability be far more amenable ' to her authority, and she hourly being used to sights of suffering will be able to control - her feelings and not exhibit the distress of mind that a too sympathetic friend would do. No amount of ignorant affection c«n possibly compensate for the lack of ?kill: and knowledge. But there are many - ' forms of sickness which any woman in good health with her wits about her, and ' a fair knowledge' of the rules ?bf ordinarV; nursing ought, certainly -to be able to ;be safely trusted wjith. ? .. r-;: '' : ?' ??..?;?.'.?., -??- ?'- ?'. .'?-'Self control is one of the 'greatest! s lessons' to be learned by the 'nurse who/ ''. .would, be at all successful. ' I cannot too .'.-?' ' : strongly urge the great necessity of : this. If self control, not only over actions, but brer : face and tongue plays' so important a part '.' in our every-day intercourse, what must it ' do when sickness has to be encountered t It is not of course possible to help feeling alarmed and perhaps horrified at the sud den sight of great pain, especially in the case of thosenearand dear to us; but self ? control practised as a habit of daily life,:. will go Far towards enabling us to preserve our self control,, and to guard against making matters worse by. any expression of fright. Cheerfulness and patience are like wise most necessary virtues in a nurse. viiijr uuuDc: nriiudurtjcovery uas Deen actually retarded by the gloomy and despondent countenances of their attendant, will un derstand the stress I lay upon the former quality, And as for patience, it is very obvious that in illness' there is vast scope forthe exorcise of it j for often the most amiable and unselfish man when overtaken by sickness will, seem to have entirely ' ohangedr his character, ; and become ? so utterly exaoting and irritable/ as to tax to the utmost his nurse's tact and powers of endurance. . . - '' r Avoid like the plague .'all irritating or ' depressing topics. . It may scarcely --be credited, but as a fact I have, suddenly come- into a sick rooui to find the : nurse enlivening a patient with a most harrowing account of' how Mr. (tho patient's) only brother, recently dead, looked when laid out for burial ! I interrupted the conversa tion at— ' I assure you, Mrs. W., you ' wouldn't have known :him, he. was that black in the face.'. At the same moment that the patient interrupted it with/a violent and hysterical outburst of tears, which', in ? her weakened state might- have proved really, dangerous. Whispering inside -the room and low toned, conversation carried on just outside it, are equally to be- guarded against, both styles being. torture to sen- - - sitive nerves. ' .; ;. ? And^now a. word with regard to the nurse's^ dross. Colour, it must be re membered has insensibly a great influence on uiost people, ' and ' the conventional ' nurse's . dress of ? black flannel, stiff apron, collar, etc.', ought on the grounds of cheer fulness at least to be avoided. I should reccommend a dress of. soft grey homespun, with apron of some bright' and pretty colour. If the apron be moderately large,v and : there be loose over-sleeves to draw ? over the -dress sleeves for protection, this costume can always be kept clean and neat. - Never, of course', wear noisy boats, but also :. : \ avoid falling:into the popular fallacy- of list slippers. ? Ordinary house shoes are by far the best, as a ghost-like and sudden appearance at the bedside of a sick person . ''''' , is likely to' do considerable harm. IJhless the :illness 'is aoute and very serious, it is . . ?best for the nurse to sleep in an adjoining room, as she consumes air, and the patient needs -as much air as he can get. Apiece . of tape tied' to; her wrist, with the other end fastened to the sick person's bed post, so that a; tug at it will arouse her when needed will.be found sufficient means' of communication. Should the fire need . attending to, do it quickly and decidedly, ' as a ^prolonged and stealthy ''poke' iB worrying in the extreme to a nervous individual. In summer, when the room has to be kept cool, an easy and efficient s method is to put a large block of ice in the middle of the mom on a sieve, placed over some vessel to receive the drainings. The bed must be made so as not to allow of any ' rucks'inthe under sheet, no matter how; the patient may- toss' and turn. In fact in the placing of the under blanket and sheet smoothly and tightly lies the secret of making the bed comfortable. Hair, or better still, spring matresnes, are .of. course ?? infinitely preferable to feathers or flock;' '? ' ' ? The bed-clothes should combine lightness with warmth. An eider down quilt is hare invaluable. And surely it is needless to add that bed-clothes, linen, towels, and I everything shoiilri be thoroughly well I aired and warmed before being allowed to I touch the patient. Strict cleanliness, botfc I ?with' regard to the. patient' &hd.; .the. sick room, must oE necessity be enforced. If possible Ahe' former ought daily be washed bit by' bit with tepid water and ajpieoe of flannel; and dried with a warm flannel j the bed- olothee'duringthis operation being protected with' a mackintosh.' When the illnesB has been of any duration, h'edrsores should be guarded a'ga'inst by dusting' the back * and shoulders after washing ! with (finely powdered starch. ' ? ! ,1. ?-'?.?.? ??? ? ; . Meja Tanjong. 