THE BUNYIP. SEvery one who has lived in Australia has heard of tho Bunyip. It is the one respectable flesh-curdling horror of which Australia can boast. The old world has her tales of ghoul and vampire, of Lorelei, spook, and pine, but Australia hoas nothing but her Bunyip. There never were sny fauns in the eucalyptus forests, nor ally naiads in the running croeks. No mythological hern left behind himn stories of wonder and enchalutment. No white man's hand has carved records of a poetic past on the grey, volcanic-looking boulders that overohadow some lonely gullies. There are no sepulchres heIwn i the mountain raupart surrounding a certain dried-uip lake-lprobably the crater of aon extinct volcano--and which in truth suggests possibilitics of a forgotten city of KIr. Nature and civilization have been very niggard here in all that makes romance. No Australian traveller ever saw the Bunyip with his own eyeo ; and though there are many stockmen's yarns anild black's patters, wlhich have to do with this wonderful monster, they have all the hazy uncertainties which usually envelop information of the legendary kind. Somen?ight, perhaps, when you atre sitting over a camphire, brewing quart-pot tea and smoking store tobacco, with the spectral white gums rising like un army of ghosts arounxdyou, and the horses' hobbles clanking cheerfully in the distance, you will ask one of the overl mnding hands to tell you what lie knows about the Bunyip. The bushman will wann to his subject as readily ias nt Irishmanu to his banshee. lHe will in dignantly repel your insinuntion that the Bunyilp may be, after ill, as mythlcal as Alice's Jibhcrwock; and hlie will forthwith proceed to relate how a friend of his had a mate, who lknew another chalp, who had once in his life had a narrow escape from the Bunyip, and had actually beheld it. He himself has never set eyes upon the bunyip, nor has his mate, but thereis not the smallest doubt that the other chap has seen it. When facts come to be boiled down, however, "the other chap's" statements will seem curiously vague and contradictory, and, if the details are to be accepted as they stand, a remarkable contribution to natural history must be the result. The Bunyip is the Australian sea-serpent, only it differs from that much- disputed fact or fiction in that it does not inhabit the ocean, but makes its home in lagoons and still, deep water-holes. For rivers and running creeks, it appears to have an aversion. No black fellow will object to bathe in a river .bccause of the Bunyip, but he twill shake his woolly head mys torioruly over many an innocent-looking water. hole, and decline to dlive for -water-lily roots, or some such delicacy dear to the aboriginal stomach on the plea that "Debil-debil sit down there." Debil-debil and Bunyip are synonymous terms with the black fellow while loe is on the mank of a lagoon, though "Debil. debil" in the abstract represents a much more indefinite source of danger, and has a far widei scope of action than most mythological deities. "Debil-debil" isaconvenientwayof accounting, not only for plague, sickness, and disaster, but also for peace, plenty,and goodfortune. Accord ing to the religious code of the Australian aboriginal, Ormuzd and Ahriman do not work at opposite poles, but combine and concentrate themselves under one symbol. The supremacy of Dahil-debil is uncotuote d, and he doeals out promiscuously benefits and calamities from the same hand. A medicine-man, professing to be in confidential communication with Debil-debil, may kill or cure a black fellow according to his pleasure. The natives have a superstition, in common with many primitive nations, thatif an enemy possesses himself of a lock of hair. from the hoind of one to whom he wishes ill, and buries it in the ground beneath a gum-tree, the despoiled personwill sicken and die s the hair rots away. In that ease, Debildebil must be "pialla-ed" [entreated] by the sick lerson to unbury the hair and cast it into the fire, when the charm will be dissolved. The medicine man, therefore has but to assure his patient that Debil-debil has refused or acceded to his request, and death or speedy recovery will be the consequence. The blacks have an impish drollery and love of mischief, and they delight hi imposing on the credu lity of their wlhite o-auditors. Thus the stories of their superstitions must not bo accepted too literally. But it is certain that when they show a distinct reticence in regard to any reputed article of faith, it may solely be looked upon asgonuine. The blacks never will volunteer information about the Bunyip; it has always to be dragged out of them. When a black disappears, it is generally under. stood that the Bunyip has got hold of him, and the particular water- hole in which .the monster is supposed to live becomes more than ever an object of terror and a place to be avoided. The water-hole. may have hitherto been uncon. demned by tradition, and the blacks may choose to disport themselves in it; but if one of them, seized with cramp or emmeshed in weeds, sink to rise no more, the terrible 'cry of "Bunyip " goes forth, and those waters are from henceforth shumoed. The Bunyip is said to be an amphibious animal, and is variously described-sometimes as a gigantic snake; sometimes as a species of rhinoceros, with a smooth pulpy skin and a head like that of a calf ; sometimes as a huge pig, its body yellow, crossed with black stripes. But it is also said to be something more than animal, and among its -supernatural attributes are the cold, awesome, uncanny feeling which creeps over a company at night when the Bunyip becomes the subject of conversation: and a cer-l tain magnetic atmosphere. suppdeed to envelop the creature and to spread a deadly influence' for some space .around, rendering ovenita' vicinity dangerous, is particularly dwelt upon.' Acmoorling to logoend, it attract its prey by: means of this mysterious emanation. and when: sufliciently near, will draw' mini or beast down to the water, and suck the body under, and, withput sound or. strugle the victun disappears, . to be seen no more. It is silentaund stealthy, and.only very rarely, they say, and always at night, has been seen to rise parthialy from the' black water, which it loves, and utter a strange moaning cry like that of a child or a woman hi pain. There is a theory that water is a powerful conductor for the kind of electricity it gives out, and that a pool with dry, abrupt banks, and no outlying morass, is tolerably safe to drink from or to camp by; but a lagoon lying. amid swamp has always an evil repu tation, and in-ome districts it is very difficult to persuade a black fellow to venture into such Splace. The following story was told by an old chief to me when I was in Australia regarding the bunyip :-"Long ago two brothers-one of them so tall that he looked down on everybody, and the other of ordinary size-went to a swamp to gt swans' eggs. - They found a great many; and, while roasting some of them on the bank of the lagoon, the 'smaller of thoebrothers said that he must get some more from the swamp. The taller one forbade him to go alone. However, he did go.I Hfound a nest inthe middle of the lagoon, and took the eggs.. When return ing to the shore, he hoard a rush of water beuind him, and saw the water-fowls hb front of him hurryingxlong the water as if frightened. At the same time the bottom of the .marsh became so soft that he stuck-m the mud, and couldtnotgo forward. . A greatnwavo overtook him and carned him back to the nest, whore a large bunyip caught him in its mouth. - It held him so high that his brother saw him. Some hours afterwards the wated became calm. The tall brother then took a sheet of bark and put a fire on it, and approaching the nest, saw his brothor i the mouth of the bunyip. SpeaLinag to.tho s'bmyip,he -said: 'B·e quiet, and-let me tabe: my bootber.' ",The banyip gnashed its teeth and gave him up; but ho was dead, and his 'ntsiril hnd been devoured. The brother took the body ashore and laid-it near the fire, and weopt. 'e o:then:went fior hi friends, who cams anst ceriedmthe- corpso to their home. Altec- he:iad.:watchd it for twon days; tho reltivees put'it in- atree for one moon, asd theo burned it,.with the oexception of the leg and arm bonc, which wiereo gives to the friends of the deceased."? ' . . . The firast whito man who made his appear 'anco. at Port-;Fairy 'ir' locality' named after a small vessel called the Fairy) was considered by the aborigines tobe a superntural being: andi' as he was discovered in the act of smoking a pipe, they said he' must be made of firt, for theysaw smoke comingoutoof his mouth. A. S. T. 