' . From Melbourne papers.] London, August 4. The report of the Pan-Anglican Conference, which has been sitting at Lambeth, has been published. The conference has resolved that the Anglican Church will not recogntsodivoroo unless adultery has been proved, and the church will refuse to re- marry the guilty party concerned in the divorce. The conference has also decided that no polygamist shall be admitted to baptism in connection with the missions of the church. The report approves of the suggestion that the leading bishops of the colonies should receive the title of archbishop, but no actual decision. has been come to on the question, i In reply to the protest of ; Sir Graham Berry, the Agent-General a of Victoria, against the decision of the British postal authorities in, regard to the day for the despatch of the mails for Europe from Australia, Mr. Raikes, the Postmaster General, has intimated that the decision cannot be altered. Mr. Raikes" expresses the hope that the Agents-General will endeavour to induce the colonies to accept the situation] An accident of an alarming character has occurred at the famous Cathedral at Seville, the largest and finest religious edifice in Spain. One of the pillars suddenly collapsed, causing serious damage to the building, J Sir F. Dillon Bell, the Agent-General for New Zealand, is at present on a visit to Freiburg, Where he is inquiring into the s. r Tr' methods of treating refractory ores. "Vale' will afterwards proceed to the Hartz mountains for the purpose of inspecting the Wbrkbu/of the Abt railway system. ? ' Augusts. An eruption has taken place in the island of Stromboli, off the north coast of Sicily which is reported to be doing an immense amount of damage. <, ' [The island of Stromboli consists entirely of a single volcanic mountain, which rises to a height of 2500ft., and from the top of which smoke and flames are > continually ascending, sending rays of light over such an immense space that the mountain has received the name of the lighthouse of the 'Mediterranean It often makes todd explosions and sends forth stones 'and" ashes, but he ptapereraptton-hai previously taken in London and the country by the floods which have followed, the late heavy and continuous rains. The London and North Western express to Edinburgh was delayed, and reached its destination eight hours late. It is stated that no less than 40,000 persons in Montenegro are dependent on charity for subsistence Mr. George Sturge, the well-known philanthropist, has bequeathed many thousands of pounds to charitable institutions. Dr. Moore, the Roman Catholic Bishop of Ballarat, intends sailing from England on his return journey to Victoria in October. He has arranged to establish orders of the Sisters of Nazareth and Fathers of the Congregation of the Holy Ghost in Ballarat. The Rev. Mr. Hunter, minister at Stornoway in the island of Lewis, who recently received a letter from Mrs Jessie Campbell Browne, of Sydney, offering pecuniary assistance towards the sending out of 1,000 co after families to New South Wales, has replied that he is unable to entertain the proposal until he receives details as to the measures intended to be adopted for their settlement in the colony Mr. Edward Ford Duncanson, of Thomas Augustus Gibb and Co., Old Broad-street, has been appointed a director of the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Co. (Limited). At a meeting of the various gold-mining companies formed in London to work the reefs at Etheridge, Queensland, it was resolved to amalgamate the whole of the com- panics into one concern. I 