HOW THE TIGER KILLS AND EATS . In a paper read before the Bombay Natural History Society recently, and published in its journal, Mr. Inverarity, a noted shikari , dis cussed the habits of the tiger, and especially the mode in which it kills and eats its prey. Some think ho seizes by tho throat, others by the napo of tho neck from above. Mr. Inverarity has examiued scores of Main animalB with special reference to this point, aud in every uuse uui> uuu buu vuruui> was scizeu irom oelow. Tho exception was an old boar, who had been seized by the back of tho nook from above. Ono of a single file of villagers who was once seized by the napo of thoneok by a man eater, but saved by his companions, bad no idea when lie recovered his senses what had happened. Whether dislo cation of the nook takes place is doubtfuL The tnmo hunting leopards always kill by pressure on the windpipe, without breaking tho skin ; possibly the tiger kills in tho samo way. It is only by accident, if at all, that tigers in killing sever any important vein or artery, and no blood to spoak of Hows from tho throat wounds. Very large and powerful animals like tho bull, buffalo, and bison, if attacked at all, aro in tho first instance attacked from tho rear with a view to disable them. Having killed, tho tiger almost invariably begins eating a hind quarter, consuming one or pro bably both. Souiotimes ho leaves the stomach and intestines as thoy are ; sometimes ho will remove thorn to ono side, making a neat parcel of thein. A tiger ond tigress together will finish an ordinary Bizcd animal at one meal, leaving only tho head. In this case it is probable that tbc second beginB at tlio fore quarter. Animals are never eaton where they aro killed, but are always dragged a short distance. They arc not lifted clear of the ground, but dragged. Having gorged himself, tho tiger sometimes lies close by his prey, but if it is not weather and there are hills in tho neighborhood he will go a long distance off before resting for tho day. Ho prefers to lio in a cool cave or in a breeze on the hill side than in tho close, hot jungle. Ho returns next night and finishes what is left, but he never eats a second time on tho same spot, dragging tho remains of the prey 40 or 50 yards off. Sportsmen coming on a half devoured animal and desiring to catch the tiger tie the prey to a tree. The tiger takes about two hours' steady eating to finish the fore- quarters of a bullock. Mr. Inverarity sat over a small tigress one night who ato for 10 minutes, then went away for 20, probably to drink, and on her return ato steadily for two and a quarter hours. Ho did not fire, as lie could not seo her. Tigers are cannibals ; they will mako their meals off each othor. Thoy aro supposed to kill onco in five or six days, and no doubt the tiger after a heavy feed does not care to hunt muoh for a few days, but a tigor kills wlienover ho can. They have beon known to kill on 14 conseoutive nights. Mr. Invoraritv believes that animals killed by tigers suffer little beyond the panio of a few seconds. The shock produces a Btupor and drenmiuess in which there is no sense of piiin or feeling of terror. Tho powerful stroke of tho fore paw of tho tiger is a fiction ; ho clutches with his claws as one might with the fingers, but does not strike a blow. Tigers wander immense distances at night, and, as they liko easy going, they go on roads and paths. They do not like to move during the heat of the day, as tho hot ground burns their pads and makes them raw. Thoy can on occasion climb trees. . In Salsette one climbed after a ocrtain .Pandoo, but could not reach him and retired. Pandoo, thinking the coast clear, got down and ran towards home, but on the way was caught by the tiger and killed. The inquest report stated " that Pandoo died of the tiger eating hira ; there was no other cause of death. Nothing was left except some fingers, which probably belonged to the right or left hand." Natives liave a belief that the ghosts of the man eater's victims ride in his head and warn him of danger, or point the way to fresh viotima. 