"THE DEVIL'S DIE. BY GRANT ALLEN Autiior op " For Maishr's Sake," " Philis- tia,' " Strange Stomes," " Babylon," " In All Shades," Kalee'b Shrine," &c.; CnAPTER LI. In tho hall of the hotel, a tall stranger, with a rouud hat, clad in an ill- fitting snit of ready- made clothes, was standing with his back turned towards them, in close conversation with the clerk at the office. "No, surr, he's not come in,' tho clerk was remarking carelessly. " The pe-apor reports be was lauded all safo : but he's cruising about wid a yacht in tho neighborhood of tho accident. They say he's looking for a friend he's lost. But nivcr a friend he'll find on the coast of Donegal. How- iver, I'll take a note of yor name, in case Mr. R lylo should happen to call an' ask for ye. Yournamois?" — Tho tall stranger answered in a breath, " Dr. Mohammad Ali," Ivan rushed np to him wilb a heart beating 500 hundred to tho minute. "Ali, Ali," he cried, clapping his hand eagerly on the speak er's arm; "Is it you? Are you saved, then ?" ' The Indian turned round and grasped his hand with friendly warmth. It was indeed Ali I " Unfortunately yes," he said, with a subdued light gleaming in his big black eyes. "Kismet, Kismet. It's not my fault. Fate so willed it. I assure you, I did tho very best I knew to get myself drowoed in an unob trusive way, without actually flinging myself off like a stona iuto the ocean. But just ns tho water was rising comfortably arouud us, and there was every chanco on earth of my being put out of tho road without unnecessary trouble or inconvenience to anyone anywhere, a mcddlesomo littlo steam-tug camo prying past at the critical moment and took me off took me off as I stood on deck nt the last gasp, with tho sea just surging aud seething liko mad around me. It was most iuopportune. I did think I was really going that time. I've been uour enough death on one occasion, as yon know, hut never so near it ns I was that night on the wreck of the Savannah." "Oh, Ali, but how did yon come hero?" Ivan asked, wringing his hand hard still, in the fervor of his excitement. " We've been hunting for you up aud down these three days through all tho coasts and loughs of Done gal." " Oh, my too friondly steam-tag bclougcd to tho port of Dublin," Ali answered smiling — for every mnn likes to know he's missed ; 1 1 aud we paddled round in a leisurely way, wasting no coals on the road ia riotous steaming. As soon as 1 was safely lauded at North Quay, I begnu making iuquiries about you from all parties, aud, hearing nothing, I telegraphed to Colonel May no hero at the club in Derry. Colonel, you never took any notice of my tele grams." Arthnr Mayno, in a very sheepish aud shame faced way, thus brought face to face with the mau whose death he had bceii secretly desiring, explained briefly bo had beon away in a yacht cruising with Ivan, on tho look-out for tho survivors of the City oi Savannah. » We only caino up hero this eveuing," he added lightly, " to see your copso ; we'vo been agreeably sur prised to fiud it looking so fresh and lively." " Thank you," Ali answered, with a faintly sarcastic intonation of voice. Ho saw too deep into Arthur Mayno's inmost feelings. " Ivan vou iook terribly worn and fagged. You're run down, I see. You'vo been hunting too much for such a worthless find as I am." "Well, now," Colouol Alavne said, with a gallant attempt to bo genial and pleasaut under adverse circumstances, "you two fellows '11 como rouud aud diuo at tho club to night with inc. You'll bo glad of a meal on dry laud. Doctor Ali, all our men nro simply dying to mcot you. Your name has been iu everybody's mouth for tho lost throe weeks. You'll fiud yourself quito tho lion of tho situation. It isn't ovory day wo get eight of a man who has been twico dead, and twico resurrected." "You're very kiud," Ali nuswered, with the same cold and haughty reservo ns before, " hut Ivan aud I aro both tired. We're old chums, We'vo gono through a great deal now and beforo together. We'd rather spend (ho eve ning nlono, I think, and talk it all out by our selves in camera. Am 1 right, Ivan?" His friend nodded. "Thanks, Colonol Mayno. Wo'H stop here, if you'll allow us, and discuss things together moro at our leisure." "When did you got hero?" Ivan asked, glancing over him critically from bead to foot. . , , Ali laughed. His appearance was indeed a trifle comical. His garb bud concealed his figure at list eight from Ivan. Ho was dressed iu a Dublin tailor's ready-mado suit, some sizes too looso for him, for lio was tall and thin, and tho ready-mado tailor, catering for all chances, prefers to conibino stature with stoutness, as meeting tho largest possible average of cases. "Just this luomcut, ho answered. "I had only como in exactly as you caught me. I fitted myself out iu this neat and commodious sot of apparel at Dublin, boing soaked through and torn to rags with the wreck and the rescue ; nnd thou, as I got no news from Colonel Mayno about you and your fate, I look tho first train on, and camo straight through at a run to Londonderry. To-night wo must sleep hero, Ivan, to rest and refresh you a bit boloro wo tako you over. My duty is to present you look ing your best ; and to-morrow wo must cross by Lurue aud Strnuraor, so as to reach Pol- porran us early as possible. " Pol perron 1" Arthur Mayno echoed in sur prise. > Then y ou're going down to Cornwall to whoro Sccta is stopping 1" Ivan aud Ali both started back. Tliey took it for granted so much themselves they were going to Cornwall that they had forgotten nny- bo ly else could over doubt it. "Yos, I'm goiug to Polperran,'' Ivan an swered quiotly. " Seeta lius had too Ion-- a time there nursing already. Perhaps I may be able to arrange matters with Olwcn so as to relievo her permanently of her duty." Arthur Mayno whistled. A light broke in upon him. Then Ivan was in lovo with thnt pretty little Chiclielo woman I "So that's the way tho wind blows, is it? Well, you won't como round and try tho club claret, then ?" lio said, moving to go. 11 No thank you," Ali replied, with an inclination of the head. " This costume alone mnst excuso me, please. Ivuu and I have much to talk about" When ttioy were left alone an hour later, in a private sitting-room in tho comfortable hotel (thero are three comfortable hotels in Ireland) Mohammad Ali, stirring his cup of coffee reflectively, said with a quiet sigh to Ivan, Well, for your sake, my door fellow, I'm glad I wasn't drowned, I should bo sorry to cause you any needless aunoyauco. 1 seo it woald havo made you very unhappy — blighted your pleasure at a supreme crisis. If anything on earth, indeed, coald reconcile mo to life, it would be tho delight you showed at welcoming mo hack to it. ... But for iiijsclf, I never felt moro dissatisfied in my wholo exis tence than when that obtrusive follow with his inquisitive 6teaiu-tng camo up and rescued mo at the very wrong moment. He meant well, of course, but I could hardly be civil to him. There I'd settled everything nicely in my own miud. If I'd had tho arrangement of tho wholo thing personally, I couldn't havo managed it moro comfortably or respectably. Mrs. Grundy herself could have found nothiug to cavil at. At the exact moment when I'd fulfilled my solo function in life with dignity and success, I should havo made a most becom ing and effective dramatic exit, nnd relieved everybody else of the burden of my presence. Whereas now " and ho drew a long breath involuntarily. The prospect was certainly far from a cheerful ono. "Whereas now, what?" Ivan asked, lean ing over towards him with a half auxious face. Ali hesitated. " After I go back to India ," ho began quietly. " Go back to India 1" Ivan interposed in an excited tone. " Go back to India I Why, Ali, donr Ali, what on earth do yon mean by it? Why should you even think at all of going back to India ?" Ali answered slowly and distinctly. " I shall stop iu England," he said, in a very firm tone, "till l'vo seen this matter between you and Mrs. Chicholc finally settled. ... I don't think there need be mnch delay about that. No just causo or impediment exists why those two persons should not now be joined in holy matrimony, asyonrpraycr-bookputsit. Yon know your own miud, and she, in lier vagno haif-shadowy little way, kuow's hers also. As souu as things arc dofiniteiy arranged and com pleted between you, I shall return to India. After all it is my native land. ... 1 Lives there u man with soul so dead,' you know, nnd all that sort of thing There are obvious reasons, indoed, why I should preter to go homo again. My work is fiuislied hero. I hoped to be done with life altogether only four uights ago. I didn't succeed in my ear nest prayer; and now I see India is the best alternative." "Why, Ali?" Ali paused for a moment. "Because," he replied at last, with evident reluctance, and picking lus phrases, " I feel it will be better so for all of us. . . . Ivan, I'm a man. After all, I'm a man. A black one, if yoa will, but a |sort of a man at bottom for all that. . . . Now, when you and Olwen — forgive me for slipping it ont ; sho's always Olwen to 1110 in my owu heart — when you and she are married together, as you must bo shortly, it won't be pleasant for you, I can easily conceive, that I should see too much of Olwon. I'm only a black man, I acknowledge that ; per haps I make too much of myself for a moro black man. Bat still I'm a man ; I can't help feoling it ; and I believe in time you, too, would begin to fool it. It would be distasteful to you thou, no doubt) that I should seo tou much of Olwen " " Ali, you hurt mo I You wound my pride I Yon aro dearer to mo than my own flesh and blood. How can you think I coald be ao wicked, so ungrateful ? . . . . And how can you think ." Ho pansod signi ficantly. " 1 don't think so," Ali answorcd earnestly. " I never thought a single thought in my own soul about that pure good woman that wasn't as puroaudas good as shois. . No, thai 'a not it. I'm thinkingof nothing so coarso or brutal or unworthy ub jealousy. . . . But wo nro all men, men iu tho grain; iu spite of blood, or race, or creed, or color, our essential virility comes out strong in ns still, and, do as wo may, it will not bo smothered. You are a man, too, Ivuu ; a man all over ; virilo to tho core ; and therefore I, who am a man also, respect your feelings, and yield honor to them instinctively. . . , Ivun, just now you sptak with tho fervor of an unusual exaltation— an exoltntiou of friendship only possible to thoso who havo psssed together through great peril and groat hardships, and who are bound to ono anothor by mutuul gratitude and mutual devotion. Just now, therefore, you think you could stand for a wholo lifetime that perpetual strain upon to your friendship and your forbearance. It'seasy pledgo oneself so for lifo boforchaiid ; the diffi culty comes in when ouo tries hard, day by day, in prosaic reality, to put one's pledges to the tost of constant friction. ... I havo opened my heart too freely too you, my dear fellow. I ImYO told you as frankly as ono girl tolls another how profouudodly I lovo and admire tho woman who I havo toiled and travelled to enablo you lo marry. Between men, so much fraukuoss aud coutideuco is impossible — to go on upon. Wo cnunot veil our mauhood in ilowors, or decoivo its car with pretty phrases. Our 6avugo ancestors fought ouo anothor for thoir brides, as stags or bulls do. When two of, tliom mot, thoy fought „by iustinct, liko natural ouemios ; and though wo havo got boyoud tlmtstagouow — cveu wein ludia, aud far moro you lioro iu Europo — wo still retain, burut into tho very fabric and marrow of our bouos as men, tho undyiug impress of that original virilo exclusiveness and antagonism. Bo as noblo and gouerous and brotherly as you like, it cannot bo pleasaut for you in the time to como to meet duiiy in your own house as a familiar friend aud constant guest the man who bus told you ho loves your wile with all tho force aud energy of his nature. If it were you would bo more than humau. . . , Becauso you uro a man, aad I am a man, I mean to go back immediately to Iudin, You would have the reason. You havo wrung- it from me Aud now yon havo heard it, I hopo you don't hato mo." " Ali 1" Ivan cried, " if you carry out your threat, you wrench my heart — my heart aud Olwen'a. You havo been to us both more than a brother. You huvo risked your life for us with noblo unselfishness. We both trust you ; wo both admire you ; I may say to-night, man aud man as wc are, wo both lovo you. After alt that has happened to bind us two together, you and mo, I feel suro no shadow of a shade of 6uch uneasiness as you droaixi would ever como between us as regards your feelings towards Ohven. I know exactly bow devoted you aro to her ; and I'm certain that devotion could never causo mo one passing paug or twinge of misconception. , . . Ali, l'vo seen through and through you now. I saw through and through you those days in tho desert. And I thank heaven I was able to do so. I know there's not a thought or a thrill iu your inmost being that isn't as good and as true as hor's are. . . If ooly slie knew it, you are tea thousand times worthier of her than I am. . . . Promise mo, Ali, promise me, my doiir, dear friend, you wou't mar tho accom plished happiness of my life by goiug away from hor and 1110 for ovor to India I" Ali smiled a teoder smile, as a mother smiles nt a child whose wish 6be cannot grant. " No, no, Ivan," he said, laying his hand quietly on bis friend's shoulder, " You judge me too highly. I feel I must go. I wou't put your friendship aud your endurance to ao hard a test I would wish no man to do so with my owu, I confess, and I bavou't lived so long in England without lcarniug the meaning of your goldcu rule i.ettcr than nino out of teu of your Euglish Christians. . . Remember, you ran away from temptation yourself to America. I, too, am a mnn. Let nic feel myself such. I will run awuy from the chanco of misapprehension to India." " You've mado up your mind, then t" "Quito. Irrevocably. What a Moslem says, he doos, fate and weather permitting him." " But, Ali, India will be death in lifo to you. All yonr ideas and feelings aro European- ised. I can't bear to thiuk of you isolated thero alone among so many who can never understand you or sympathise with yoa in any way." " My father grows old," Ali answered ova- sivoly. " Ho would naturally liko his eon to be with him." " But shall we over see yoa ? — wo, to whom yoa havo become so much? You won't go uway aud desert us for ever ? I'm suro to Olwen, as well as to me, it would bo a terrible privation. Ali, Ali, wo both love you I" " Not so great a privation as it will bo to me," Ali answered bitterly. " To live away from her will bo iudoed a misery. But to say so is only all the mure to sigu my own warraut of cxilo. How can you ever wish me to stop here when 1 tell you I feel so?" Iran played with bis wineglass nervously "Bat why India?" he cried, "At any rate! why ao fur as ludia ? Tuere are other place iu the world, you know, Ali, besides India and Engluud." " In ludia " Ali answered with perfect gra vity, " I'm well out of your way. I'm as good as dead. ludia, iu short, is next door to a cemetery. Nobody ever drops in casually for a morning call from the North-West pro vinces." "Why, Ali," Ivan cried, laying his white hand persuasively on his friends arm, "that's just what we don't want, either of us, I'm certain. It you mast go, why not go some where within reason ? Somewhere iu Europo whore yon might sometimes ran across tor a visit to ine aud Olwen ?" "I wish to bo as dead," Ali answered sin cerely. " Whou dund men come back to lifo ugaiu, the.v are Boldum welcome. A well-bred ghost avoids society. Thiuk of mo ub some one yon unco knew. Why should I flit like a spectre rouud your heads ? Why should I return to disturb your happiuess ?" "In Italy," Irausaid, " you would find lifo easier for you, I'm sure, thau iu India Ami there, if yon wouldu't como ovor often and seo us, Olwou aud I could at least pay visits to you wbeucver we wautfd. Thoro could be no fear of your coming too often. ... Do make it Iialy, for our sokes, All 1" All bowed his head in generous acquiescence. "Italy it shall bo thoii,"liouiuriuurcd ia a very low voice. "Audi shall norcr again return to Eoglaud." " But you won't go soon I You'U wait for winter at least," Ivan cried eagerly. " I'll take you to Polpcrrau first and deliver you over safely to Mrs. Cliichelo uccordiug to con tract," Ali replied with a sigh. " I promised to bring vou, alive or dead, aud liko a faith ful servaut of tho parcels delivery compauy I fulfil my waybill. Besides, I havo to return her this pledge, too, you know," he weLt on after a moment, looking duwu respectfully at tho diamoud ring that still glistened brightly on his dusky fiugcr. It would grieve huu to tho heart indeed to give that pledge back again to Olwcu. " Let mo look at tho ring," Ivan said, scan- uiug it attentively for the twentieth time, aad notiug its muko and size with care, for a pur pose of bis owu. ..." After all, Ali, we're botli of us reckoning without our hostoss, whou ouo comas to think of it, . . . IIow on oarth do wo either of us know, in fact, that Olwon will accept me." Tlie Indian loukcd up at him with a sudden start. " She loves you," ho said. " She has always loved you. When sho married Harry Chiclielo she loved you best, though in her own heart even she novcr kuoiv it, But I know it If I hadn't been absolutely ccrtuiu of that, I could novcr havo gono to tho«Sicras to find you. ... I wont for her sake, not for yours. ... I shall see yoa two made happy together, and then, a week after, I shall go to Italy." " So be it," Iran said, with a sigh of rogrot. " Porhaps after all you kuow beat, Ali." 