Jkitt€^ut A trick elephant in Chicago, United States, has died of a broken heart, owing to the death of au elk which the elephant was partial to. Imagine the strong, able-bodied elephant, stricken with the tender passion, and pining for a sign of recognition! from the elk in the menagerie. Observe the Jwo animals, with eves for no other animal, ju«t contented in each otherTs company. Love looks love to eyes which spake again, and all that. Imagine the Jealousy of the elephant if the polar pear enouia wink at tne eiK, or raraw a kiss with his gnat£paw at tha elephant's qwhest own. Only the chain around the elephant's leg, and} the cage of the bear, would prevent a. tragedy. And then think of, the suffering of the elephant when his beloved elk was pining away from having swallowed the wire band that cams around a bale of Kay. At first the elk, perhaps, was only pale, and refused feed. The attendant would mix a, grand math, and some delicious cut feed, warn with tteamicg dish water, but the elk wonld smile ber thanks to the attendant, and decline to eat. The end of the elk was nigh, and the loving elephant could only .wait for the end, giving such loving attention to the Btricken one as the rules of the menagerie allowed. Those who visited the show, and saw the elephant peiftmu his tricks in a mechanical way, little knew the burden he bore. His thought! were with the dying elk, and when his duties were at an end, how he harried back to his beloved elk, to hold her in bis strong embrace as life went out. Tenderly he laid her down and then went to work to die on his own hook. The cheers of the audience had no charms for the elephant after the elk was dead, and he laid down and breathed a sigh, gave up the ghost, and both were burled in the game Who is it says, with beaming eyes, She thinks a cottage paradise, And scorns the proud and worldly-wise t A lady-love. Who is it pouts and, glancing down, gays 'We most leave since Neighbour Brown Has taken that fine house in town ? ' A wife. Who U it cries with modest tone Ti at all her care for dreei has flown ; She wishes for my love alone 1 A lady-love. Who is it weeps and thinks it mean That I should view with slightest spleen Those bills for silk and crinoline t A wife. Who gazes oft from star to star, And cays, with smile more brilliant far, She 'rather liies a good cigar f ' A lady-love. Now, when I smoke, who rings the bell To bid them open the window well — The room has such a horrid smell 7 A wife. They were walking home from the lecture, discussing the merits of the able and scholarly discourse to which they had been listening. ''Tie seldom,' said the young lady, ' that 1 have been carried away by a speaker. He was bo logical — so clear and convincing. Don't you think so i ' ' I do indeed,' replied her escort, ' and furthermore it is not often that yon find a man with Bnch a perfect and ready command of language. It was a treat not soon to be forgotten.' ' Yes, he talks like a book. ' ' That is not at all surprising,' the voting man went on to eay, ' because, he is a-tome on the sub ject.' ' Jnst eo ; quite at home on the sub ject, as you eay.' ' Yee, at home — a-tome I Ha 1 ha 1 Don't yon see ! ' ' Yes, I see ; yon mean he is thoroughly acquainted with what he was talking about, But I don't see what there is to laugh about it.' He gave a despairing groan and lapsed into silence. He bas since been beard to remark tbat a women never can catch on to a joke, any how. A swede, Peter Anderson by name, is the champion eater of thii country, and physicians who have examined him cay that he has a double stomach. To people who enjoy a good meal and are able to in dulge ttemselves to their heart's content, a double stomach wonld undoubtedly te looked upon as a blessing, bnt it would be rather unhandy for an Arctic explorer or a sun downer to have concealed under his vest. It is bad enough to get hungry with one email, ondeisized stomach, but to have two adult stomachs singing a duet wonld be more than a man could stand. Peter can consider himself in luck that providence caw fit to cast his lot in a land of abund ance There are men who believe that the pick ing up of a pin will bring good luck, and will go out of their way to pick one np. A man named Griffin has, up to very recently, held very rigidly to this belief, although to his knowledge, no pin has ever brongbt him luck. He was passing the poBt office the other day, and while bending over to pick up a pin his tat fell off and rolled into the street, his collar split, his suspenders gave away at ihe nar, and his false teeth fell out on the pavement and were shattered. Now when he sees a pin he grinds it with his heel, A prominent woman's rights advocate eaja that tbe coming woman will have her own bank account. It has also been re ported that the coming man will have neither teeth nor hair, but this bank account business will even the things up nicely, and the youth of to-day need not pity the com ing man, for if he marries the coming woman he can use part of her bank account with which to purchase teeth and hair, and still bave enough left, probably to live upon in comfort. A somnambolist; in Gippsland got up in his sleep on a recent night and ploughed half an acre of ground belonging to a neighbor. Since then every farmer within five miles has taken down his fence and left his plough out in the fitld with the horses harnessed to it, in the vain hope tbat the sleep- walker will give him a call. There are men in this world who, when they find a party who is ignorant on a sub ject with which they are familiar, take a fiendish delight in enlightening him, but sometimes these smart gentleman make blunders. A New Zealand judge did not know what a cartoon was, and a young sprig of tbe law, with his hair brushed back from his forehead, undertook to enlighten Ihe dignified judge. Now, he night have done this in a few words, but unwisely thought to be fanny, and, taking a pencil and paper, drew a picture of a jackass with the judge's lead: attached. TTm fai-« was wreathed -n smiles as he handed his work of art to the .old man, but it changed to a look of sadness when, a moment later, he was fined five pounds for contempt of court. 'John Bussell was sentenced at Birming ham to 15 years' penBl servitude. Prisoner had been twice sentenced to penal servitude for life.'— Daily Paper. Two terms of penal servitude For life this thief has had, And now another IE years Should sorely make him glad. The virtuous and the honast man But one Bhort life has got ; Yet he who robs with violence Would seem to have a lot. 