WESLEYAN CHURCH, MOSS VALE. Two foundation stones of the Moss Vale Wesley an Church were laid yesterday afternoon, in the presence of about 80 spectators, among whom were n number from Bowral. Tlio ceremony was preceded by the siuging of a hymn; prayer, olforod by tlio Rev. R. Jennings (Presbyterian); and a portion of the sc.iptures, road by the Rov. J. H. Mullens (Church of England). The Rov. H. W. T. Pinconibe mado an address before the coremony of laying the stones was proceeded with. Ho referred to' tlio great surphse ho experienced two years ago on discovering that Moss Vale was without a Wosleyan Chapel, which he attributed to the fact thai the minister^of the circuit had too much to do. But 'now the Rev. Mr. Dixon had' been appointed to the Robertson cirorit, the minister stationed at Bowial had moro time at his disposal, and was onahled to give greater attention to Moss Valo—honco their undertaking that afternoon. Ho said it was not necessary now for tlio Wesloyan Church to apologise for making its appearance. Over 100 years ,170 thoio was inscribed on the banner Methodism, "The world is my parish : the , frieuds of all and the enemies of noue and that' inscription remained upon the bannor to the present day. Mr. Pmcombe j explained that when tho church was built the minister from Bowral would preach in J it once every Sunday; and in another 12 months' time it was possible that there would be a second minister appointed to the Bowral circuit. The building, of which they were laying the foundation stone that day, and the ground on which it stood, wo.ild cost about £500—the land cost £200, 1 and the cost of preparing the deeds was £8 or £10. Mr. Pincombe then presented Mrs. Schofield and Mrs. Coloman each with a silver trowel and a mallet. Mrs. Scholield, an eldoriy lady who came from Sydney, was referred to as being known far and wide for her-handsome liberality towards the Wesliyan Church, and as having had an exper1 ionce in laying foundations of Wesley an Chapels which had cost her what would be a splendid fortune for most people. The trowel presented to Mrs. Schofield bore the following inscription—" Presented to Mrs. Scho/ield by the trustees of the Moss Vale Church, 011 her laying a foundation stone, 21st August, 1888." 'lhe trowel presented to Mrs. Schofield bore a similar inscription, with, of course, the alteration of the name. I The two stones having been set in position, Mrs. Coleman declared one of them " well aud truly laid in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost." Mrs. Coleman repeated the same words nt the other stone. Donations were then laid upon tho stone, and the amount thus contributed was £04 17s. Cel. The Rev. Or. Woolnough, superintendent of the Waverley circuit, delivered a short address, in which he touched upon the importance of church work, upon the gratifij cation of giving to the support of tho church, upon the unity that now existed among the different churches, which weie now endeavouring to find out upon which points they agreed rather than argue about the points upon which they disagreed. After Mr. Woolnough's address it was J announced that the opeuing services of the new church would be conducted in about two months' time, and the proceedings were then terminated by cheers for Mrs. Schofield and Mrs. Coleman, and by the benediction being pronounced by Mr. Wooluongli. The length of the building is 84 feet by 20 feet wide; walls 12 feet high, with coved ceiling, 15 feet high; walls brick, with iron roof. Mr. Jas. McDonald is the contractor, and the contract price for the building is £187/12/0. 