' Ytovelfet, THE FALSE SffllOHT: OR, TUB ROBBER OF THE BLAGK FOREST. A STORY OF LOVE, MYSTERY, AND ADVENTURE,, - ; BY SYLVAKUS (lOBBf Jr. ' CHAPTER XL. —Continued ' Most assuredly I will.'.1 .,'. , . ; . .'?'?_. '?Good I shall givo you tho opportu nity very soonj'V,'. I ' When tho priest had 'gono Sir Pascal Biuninoncd Balthazar, and'bado him go and boo tUo baroness, arid uaklior how soon bIio , could bo prepivod to rccoivo him. Ho wished to confor with her upon a matter of groat importance. ? '? ? Tho dwarf doparted, nnd wns gono so '' long that his master booanio unoaay and , suspicious of ovil. Ho had twice framed tho opening Bpooch ..with which ho would siiluto hor ladyship, and had twico for . gotton it , and by tho limo tho hunchback tincdly returned 1\9 had forgotten much more ', ' Well, rascal What says hor august ladj ship ? llavo you boon making lovo to tho fair daughter V * ' 'No, youi lordship. I will loavo that doloctnblo pastime to you, whon— you find i \ hor.' ' Ha I What does that moan 1' cried the knight, soi/ing tho pigmy by tho collar of his doublet ami giving him a shako. 'Did you , soo tho baroness ?' ?'No, sir. Not a door could I open bo yond tho aichway at tho ontranco to tho ladies' apartments. After I had knocked, '' mid kicked, aud called at as many doors as I ha\o fingers, I' found a servant;, who told iiip that sho had been doing tho aamo thing for moro than an hour ; and tho blaek oyod wench had tho audacity to spit at mo, — not ON mo, mark you— and toll mo that I 1 ' nndolhoiahkomo— meaning yourcxcolloncy —had driven tho poor woman to Booking eafoty in death, to which end aho had drank poison.' 'Hark yo, sirrah ! Speak yo now soborly and to tho point, or I'll— I'll cut your wino ' for a wool:. I mean it. lyow, toll mo what 'J1 you found ' ' I told you as nearly aa I know how. I ? -wont to tho chamber of tho lady as you bade mo ; and I tiled tho doors of all tho rooms on that flooi, in .that wing ; and not a door could I Blait, nor a word of rosponao to my ^ „ calls could I hear ; and tho girl said bIio'iI ' * boon an houi trying to 'raise aoinobody with \i out avail ' ' ' , Twice tho startled knight strode- aoross „ * tho room, and then, seizing his cap, ho wont / out— wont to the. forgo of. tho annoror, and . » ^ selecting a lieavjf -:Bledgo— a two-hcadod ' -? ' tool— with which ho roturncd to tho koop, \ ' ho ascendod to tho apartments of tho ladioa, Ins dwaif pigo bearing him company. In ' tho first pussago on tho second iloor thoy } mot tho sonant .whom Balthazar had qucs . i 'tionod, and hor Sir Pascal told to show him which was tho Blooping- chanibor of tho i baionoflS Ilio door was pointed out, and ft Binglii blow of tho heavy slortgo beat il -i. Open, -.' { Tlio gnl rushed in, and prenontty act up n -? ^ frautio outuy Her dear mistvoss was dead \ ,'' ishokhow. That was her bed, out of which '' i,( Bho nover slept, and it had notbuon touchod ,(1 ? dm ing tho nio'ht. . y » Othoi doois woro broken opon, and othor ,V-- , '' chainbtin looked into ; but no traoo o£ mo \ rl , thor or dnughtor could bu found. It was ' -t Balthuzdr who thought of asking tho servant ?^ if bIio o\ or waited upon the baronesa, and _ helped hoi1 to dress, ; ' ' q Yta, Unit was a part of her duty. Shi1 \- ^ v nnd Qiolclion always wailed upon tho good i , * / lady and hci daughter,, and nobody oliio. And Gictchi.ii, loo, was gono. Sho wot '' f dnectcd t« aco if tho ladies had carried nnj Hung away with them ; and upon search ib was found that both of them had takon clothing and all thoir jqwolry. in a stalo ot lronzy tho knight hastened down, and summoned to his presonco all tho officora and soldiers who had boon on guard duty during tho night. Thoro woro a full Bcoro of thorn in all. Thoy were questioned sharply, but nothing could bo learned from thorn. Nono of them had soon oithor of tho missing fomalca. Each nnd 'every ono most solemnly sworo that not a soul had passed him during his watch. 'Whoro is tho wondor!' suggested Lieutenant Franz, whon tho chief h:\fl reached tho point of deolaring that some body had lied. 'Do you not know that theso old castles arc riddled, through and through, with all sorts of secret passages ?' Simplo as was tho rovelation, Dunwolf had not thought of it. But ho saw ifc'now,. and admitted tho probability of its correct ness. Ho had just bowed his acknowledgment to Franz when tho door of tho apartment was opened, and tho two ruffians, Zillorn and Walbcck, caino in, looking liko men who had just Boon a voriloblo ghost, each trying to push tho other on ahead. 'How now?' criod tho knight, with a now torror boforo him. ' WJiy aro you horo? Speak I— Zounds I I'll— ' ' Moroy, Moinhorr L' And it camo out, | with much otumbling, that thoy had gono' down to carry their prisonor Iub breakfast ;j had found tho door of tho dungeon bolted and barred and lookod, just as thoy had ' loft- it; but tho plaoo was ompty. The' straw had not boon laid upon, and two of | tho candles and tho candlosticlc iiaci uoon takon away. | This was too much. Sir Pascal was stricken dumb. Ho gasped and choked,1 but fora considorablo timo was unablo to Bpeak. : And whon, at length, his power of speech caino to him, ho was bo deeply moved^ that ho Bpqko without an oath ; no oath that ho could framo boiug adequate to tho occasion. . ' Fmnz I AVhat do you make of this ?' ???.'It must bo, sir,' that boiiio of tho men, of tho castle discovered that tho captain , had been looked up in that plnco, and they, contrived, during the night, to Bet him( froo.' _ | 'But how could they havo got thoro if; our Ecntinels wero awako?' , ' By moans of passes of which wo aro ignorant. .If you. will reflect you will call to rniud that tho sublovranean passes of these old piles always connect with tho lower crypts and dungeons.' ? , Again tho knight was forced to admit tho plausibility of his lieutenant's solution j aud, having questioned tho jailers some what further, ho resolved to go down and investigate for himself. Ho had brought' with him tho slodgo with which ho had oponcd tho chamber dobra ; that 'ho gavo to Zillern, and directed Walbeclc to go to tho armorer's forgo and get another just liko it, and to bring, also, a common hammer of goodly sizo. . ' 'When all was ready, lights wero taken and tho party set forth. Tho first point for examination was tho dungeon from which ' tho prisonor had been set fieo. Was tlioro' any secret pass there? Thoy hammered | and pounded ovory whore, but only tho dull, massy sound of solid rook was returned. Tho walla on Ihrco sides wero absolutely, nativo rock, and, of course, thero could bOj nothing of tho kind in tho front wall. As for the floor, it was of flags of suoh sizo, and so firmly laid, that no human power! could move them. It novor occurred to( them that the floor of a squnro recess cut from the nativo ledgo ought itself— or, at least, tho inner portion of it — to bo solid | liko tho walls that aroso from it. Thoy might havo seen, too, that tho floor of tho passago outsido, on alovol with that of tho dungoon, was simply a surface of natural i rock. Also, thoy might havo discovered that tho floor of tho very noxt dungoon was of nature's own make But thoy saw nothing of this. It was ovidont tlmt the prisoner had been sot froo by somebody from tho outBido ; and as for finding the secret in that mazo of colls aud crypts and vaulted passagos, tho thing was not to bo thought; of. They hammered and banged upon a fow suspicious- looking places, but in tho ond returned no wisor than thoy went. On reaching daylight again, Sir Pascal thought of mustering tho forcp of tho castlo — thoso men who had boon undor Capt. von Linden's command — and demanding . of them information upon tho subject of what ho waa pleased to torm tho recorit outrage ; but Franz quickly argued him away from it. Said ho, aftor hia chiof had given up tho objcctionablo plan : ' Tho prisonor is gono, of course, boyond tho connuos of tho castlo, and I doubt if thoro is a soul horo prosout who. knows where ho is. Furthor, tho ladies aro Buroly with him ; aud wo may judgo, from the fact that no horses havo been takon, that thoy havo not gono far. Now, my dear mastor,' continued tho trusty hciichman- laying tho.dgxtc'r fingor of tho right haud into tho palm .of tho left, as ho went on, speaking Blowly and earnestly, 'our first object ia to make oursolvca sccuro in our position, and know who aro our frionda. Of the iivo-and-forly inoii-at-aruis whom we found in the garrison hero when wo camo, tho linger portion of them aro Boldiurs who havo boon drawn from other sources within a fow montha. Tho old knight, whoso funeral had just taken plaeo whon wo arrived, had enlisted them by order of tho grand duko, after intelligence had been received of tho anticipated insurrection. Moro than half of thoso men, to my certain knowledgo, aro alroa'dy heart and soul with us ; and I havo no doubt that wo might, by propor management, gain vory nearly tho wholo of them. ' Lot us first do that, sir j and thon lot us find Thorbrand. ?'? If wo do not find him readily, wo must lind somo of his men and confer with them. That thoy aro in this neighborhood .thoro can ho no doubt. Meantime 'wo Will throw our guardo upon i all tho. avouuos of tho surrounding forest, to inako suro that tho fugitives do not escape us. . This is tho plan 1 wouiil suggest.' And tho chiof had resolved to. adopt it boforo Franz had dono speaking. Accordingly, aftor ono moro thorough search ovor tho castlo for iho missing ones, Sir Pascal cauBcd the original force of the casllo to bo mustered on tho parade ground, and whon thoy woro together, ho atated to them plainly hia object. Ho wanted to know how many of thorn ho could dopend upon to follow him without question ; how many would take tho oath of fealty to hini aolf. Ho used no honoyod words, but he did this : Ho niado thorn understand that thoso who should rofuso him allogiauco might look for hard times ; whilo on tho othor hand, for thoso who should prove truo to him, thoro would bo thobost of treat ment, aud thoro might bo considerable booty. | Tho result had not boon looked for. Only ton mon of tho fivo-and-forty privates and ' nino non-commissioned oflicora — ton of tho wholo number — stood firm and truo to tho old duty ; and thoy, when thoy anw and understood tho ait tuition,, hulioving thai | their young captain and l.hu ladies of tho castlo had got safely away, asked that thoy ' might bo discharged from tho service. They had takon tho oath of fealty to tho ba rohoaa, and only sho horsolf could absolvo them. For a wonder Dunwolf pormitted them to go. Ho folt that thoy could do him moro harm if thoy remained than thoy could in being outside. And thus was ho coinplotoly mastor of ttio castlo. Savin' tho fow house hold sorvants, for whom ho did not caie,all within tho walla woro his sworn supporters. Boforo tho 8un of that day had aot ho had pent swift couriors out upon all tho roads— upon ovory path whore a woman' could mako hor way — aud mado suro that no porsons had gono forth ninco tho provioua ovening. Also, ho had posted sentinels at tho various passes, to provont tho out going of anyone without question: During tho ovening of that day, for tho first titno, ho was told of tho cot of tho old hunter on tho opposite mountain aido. Could it bo possible that tho fugitives had found eholtor and liiding thoro ? Ho would vory soon know. On tho noxt morning, bright and early, accompanied by » guido from tho men of tho castlo, Sir Pascal and hia lieutenant, with tho dwiirf pago, who had begged hard that ho might bo pormitted to go, set forth for the hunter's cot. Thoy reached it with out adventurp worthy of note, and found tho hunter iiimsolf standing in his opon doorway. Evidently ho had boon on tho watch for thoiij, having been very auro that thoy would como. Pascal Dunwolf stood fairly abashed be foro the man ho had come to soo. Ho had boon prepared to find a .rough, ignorant mouutaiuoor, who would inatinotivoly quail and eowor boforo him; but, .instead of that, lie gazod upon a man noblo and grand- in form and feature — a man' who looked upon him aa a monarch might look upon his meanbat aubjoct. Nevor mind tho dctailB of the interview. Tho visitor, as aoon as ho could present his business, ntated why ho had come. He was very anxious concerning tho ladies, who wore so far under hia caro that he felt responsible for their safety. Had the 'hunter seen anything of them ? Could ho 'givo any information at all ? j ' Sir,' aaid Oborwald with a stately bow, ''I might answor you that I had not seen them — that I know nothing of thorn ; but 'that would prosuppoao my rondin'ess to bo tray them if thoy were horo, or to tell a [falsehood. ? The lady Bertha and . her daughter arc my dear frionds,and if I know whore they had found refuge I certainly Bhould refuse to toll you. 0 ! do not look so glum 1 I only do what you would do. 'if you bo a wan of honor. But, sir, my humblo abodo is boforo you ; 'no doors aro locked. You can look through- it if you will ; also, you may search tho forest round about. I certainly hopo you may not find them, bocauBO I know thoy would not have loft ytJu without good and sufficient roason.' Tho apurrod and bolted knight was for a littlo timo. fairly boaido himself with con tonding emotions. Onco ho Boomed moro than'half inclined to draw his sword, and again a torrent of curses was upon hia lips ready to burst forth ; but-hia bettor judg ment finally prevailed, and in moderate tones ho told tho hunter that ho should liko to viow tho. internal arrangomonts of his dwelling. Without a word Oborwald admitted 'him and his lieutenant. Tho obtruaivo hunoh back started to go. in, . but his maatcr pul him back. Uponontoringtholiving-roomthohuntor'f daughter was discovered sitting by the great fire-place, and Franz who had an eye for a pretty face, started to address hor. At that moment up rose. the great St. Ber nard, with a growl liko far-off thunder, and tho gallant drew baok,loaving tho dainsol to, herself, Evory part of tho cot was visited j ovory holo and corner was peorcd into ; but no thing was found that lookod liko a fugitivo baronoBa, and in tho ond tho party of ob servation left tho cot no wisor than thoy woro on thoir arrival. Soro at hoarb, and in doopor troublo than ho would acknowledge, Sir Pascal Dunwolf returned to tho eastlo. Thus far ho had been bafllod at ovory atop ; still ho did not givo up. Fresh riders woro sont out to scour tho forest, and ovory means ho could think of takon to find tho missiii' ones. ? . ? And now for the robber chiof. While tho search was going on for tho f ugitivca ho must find Thorbniud, and . with him como to an understanding. Why tho man had not called upon him ho could not conceive. Ho had promised that ho would J)o vory punctual. It wan on tho. third day after tho disap pearance of Captain von Linden , and tho ladies, whilo seoula were scouring in everj direction f:-r Iho rubber chieftain, or for any of his band, that ono of tho famod bandit's followers waa brouirht boforo him. llo gavo hia n«— :. us Hildojund, awl »aic ho v--i-' riioof Thorbrand'n chief lieutenanl:' fio had boon on hia way to tho castle wlmi 10 outriders had met him, and he w:i.. . anxious to find his master as was itny one. ' Moro than it hundred mennf ourbiiiul,' lie said, 'are now encamped in Iho Arn-| berg Valley waiting for an order from their chief. Thorbrand loft us littlo moro than j a week ago, in company with hia chiu'l ofliecr, young Wolfgang — young ho ia, b.; but a thunderbolt in battle— they loft n for tho express purpnso of coining to thio very castlo to report to yourself. All is' roady with us, and the barons of Wurtem- ! luirg aro ready to movo aa .-oon as they' know that Deckeiulorf Cuetlo ia open to' them in case of need. Wo havo waited till ' now for our .chief's return, and when the' full woek had gono I started out in quest of him. The last words ho spoke before loav-' ing us wero spoken to mo. ? ' ' Hildogujid,' ho said, ' I go to confer' with tho knigiit who has boon aont to com-' maud Dcckeudorf Castlo. Whon I havo' arranged satisfactorily with him I will lot! you know.' ' Ho promised that if ho did not como hitnoelf ho would send Wolfgang. That, as I havo aaid, waa moro than a weok ago, and from that tjhio wo havo heard not a word, nor havo wp received a sign. What can it mean ?' j Dunwolf was confounded. Waa it pos siblo that Thorbrand had mado hia ap pearauco at tho castlo boforo his arrival — whilo von Linden was in command— and had tho Cory youth put him out of tho way ? Ho summoned two of tho assistant warders, who had takon tho oath of fealty to hint, and questioned thorn closoly. They declared, unhesitatingly, that it would havo been impossible for any man to havo visited tlio castlo (luring tho woek provious to Sir Arthur's death without cither ono or tho other of them being witucss. After this there waa a aileuco, broken at length by tho robber. ' Havo you made search at Iho cot o Martin Oborwald ?' 'What?— tho hunter on tho opposite mountains ?' 'Thesamo.' 'Not for Thorbrand j but .1 havo been tlioro, and havo looked iuto evory holo nnd! comor after othora.' . : ??.'.'?-'. Hildogund shrugged his/sliouldors ''signi ficantly.. .-:'.? ?'',:*: ...:'?.'.- 'That man,' ho said'i Vis dooper than you think. If any ono'-.can 'givo'u3 infor mation, it is_ho. But wo must bo wary. Lot ua think tho. matter oyor, and fix upon I a plan of aolion. Ho has holes and corners at command that you* did not dream of, I'll bo bound.' j Hildogund was of niiddlo ago'; tall and sinowy, and strong of. limb. Ho was a handaomo man, too, with a faco remarkably Icoon and intelligent. That ho was an ox porienccd forester and .motintamcor waa ovidont from the outaot, and to him Sir Pascal tendered tlio ollieo of guido in tho preaent omorgoney. . Tho brigand readily accepted tho position and straightway proceeded to action, hia mov.ein.ont3 indicating vory plainly that ho know what ho was about. Before that day's sun had sot ho had organizod a forco of littlo less than two-acoro men — all moro or loss versed'- in' tho'* mysteries of mountain life— and tho dwolling,of Martin Oberwald was completely ouyironcd, ao that no person could outer in or go away Vithout boing discovered, CHAPTER XII. IN MB HUNTER'S COT; Forty years, or thereabout, provious to tho timo of which wo write, Sir Arthur von lloriri', thon- a gallant hunter when not in tho Bold, had accidentally discovered a wondorful cavorn on tho ai'do of tho Schwaravolf Mountain.; or it waa rather a sorio3 of caverns, with a common ontranco. Beneath an overhanging shelf of rock, completely hidden by tangled wildwood, was a broad alcove, within which wero threo different openings into as many largo :ind convenient eaves. Thoy woro vory higli, with arcliod roofs, and with fissures in the walls and tops, through which air could pass, and light ontor, but proof against the incoming of rain. This secret tho knight had kopt to himself, only imparting it, ;iftor a timo, tb Baron Deckendoif, until ilartin Oberwald chanced to como that way in search' of a refuse from tho world. Ho had known and loved Martin's father, and Martin himself had served under him in moro than ono campaign. To Martin Oberwald, Sir Arthur im parted tlio secret of the cavern, and the baron gavo him a deed of that side of the Mountain. Ilia infant daughter had a homo at the castlo until ho could prepare for hor a fitting dwelling of his own. The fancy seized him to erect a substantial stone cottago so situated that its roar wall should covor tho outrauco to tho caves ; and in this covering wall, with his own hands, as sisted only by a competent builder whom ho could trust, ho fixed a secret door, bo ar ranged that a child might work it, but which no stranger could discover. And hero the recluse had lived,', ami roared his beautiful child. To moro than ono poor, hunted fugitive, flying from op pression and injustice, had ho given safe asylum, and none to whom ho had thus givon his secret had betrayed it. In ono of thoso caves tho wounded man whom Elcctra and Ircno had succoured had been placed, and thoro tho hunter cared for him. In all tho land not a better phy sician than was Oborwald could havo been found, and undor his skilful treatment and tender jmrsing tho patient waa' gaining strength fast. But very littlo fovcr had re sulted from his hurls, and that was entiroly gone. All he had now to do was. to mako good blood and plenty of it. That would heal his woundn, and givo him back tho strength ho had lost. ? ' ' ui UieotlK-r two caves, one ot them — I that on tho extreme left— wna double. Opening from it, was a narrow, beautifully Arched passage, loading to another chamber of good size, but so far into into tho moun tain that no light of tiny could reach ik. Yet tho air circulated freely through it,and it w.:s very comfortable This doublo cavo wna yiven to tho b.-mmoss and her daughter and good Gietchvn, whilo Ernest von Linden took tho- other. Since there was no likelihood of tho ba roni'RS coming in contact with tho occupant of tho first- mentioned rave, tlio hunter did'; not think it best to inform her of tho pro-1 aencc of tho dreaded robber chieftain so near to her ; but she was not long in dia covering it. That some ono was there whom Oberwald waa tenderly nursing, she' know on her first visit to tho sitting-room! of the collage ; nnd finally her daughter' told hor who it was. At first bIio wna in clined to bo alarmed, bclioving, as aho did, that Thorbrand was a friend nnd co-worker with her worst enemy. 0 ! mamma,' said her daughter, ' if you could Boo tho man as I saw him, you would not fear him.' And then, for tho first time, camo out tho story, now and wonderful to Lady Bertha and Ernest, of tlio heroic work of Eloctra in Having th« robber's lifo ; ior that sho had dono so was a fact not to bo disputed. 'And now,' said tho hunter, when Elcctra's story had been sufficiently dis cusscd, ' 1 will mako a disclosure which nns ueon given to wo as a trust ; but I think that I have a right to impart it to you. This man — Thorbrand — ia ao far from being a friend of Dunwolf, that ho will oxposo and .punish him as soon aa ho ia strong enough. I tell you my lady, and von Erucstjin that man rcats tho solo power to give you ainplo justico. Ho loved tho Into baron ns ho never loved another liviug being. It would bo a long story to tell, find I feel that I have not tho right to tell it. I havo nursed him, and helped him on tho road to health and strength, aa much for your ankca as for hi3 own. So, dear lady, put away your 'fears, and pray, if your conscicneo will let you, for tho apeedy recovory of tho robber chief.' Both tho baronesa and von Lindon woro greatly surprised by this information. Thoy had many questions to nsk, some of which their host promptly answered, whilo to others he only shook his head and closed hia lips. But tho lady put away her feara from that moment, and noon caino to think of tho terrible Thorbrand kindly, and with gofid wiahes. I Oborwald waa not long .in discovering that hia cot was under surveillance, and boforo night of tlio second day of tho ap Ipearonco of tho spica ho had counted 'a full Bcoro of them, and ho knew there i woro moro. j Ho had ono soeret moro which, up to tho ' present timo, had been given to only two j men beside himself. That was a covored ,way — a deep, narrow gorgo in tho mouu I Cain, caused by boiiio uroat convulsion that imu upheaved and rent osundor— completely ?hidden at both cuda. At tho upper ox , tromity a porch of the cot covered ,it ; and ,half a mile away, toward the village, at tho ,oxtrcnio foot of tho mountain, it wna hidden I by a combination of broken rocks and tangled vine and brushwood. | The second man to whom ho had giver, .tho socrot had boon nono other than Wolf jgang. When that man had called to sco his wounded comrado, aud had exprcascd a dosiro to feel free to como wlion ho would, Oborwald had been so wonderfully im pressed in his fnvor that ho had not only Buffered him to depart by tho secret pass but had bidden him come when ho would by tho samo way. So tho good hunter borrowed no proaont troublo on account of this espionage. Had ib boon necessary for Wolfgang to como up tho mountain openly, ho would havo felt it his duty to hasten down to the villago and instruct the inn-keepor thero to warn him when he camo ; but, aa it was, if ho ahould chanco to visit the wounded chiof: again, ho could do bo safely. Four days had passed sinco tho spieahad mado their appcaranco in tho forest ; tho baroness had boon a full week a guest of the hunter ; and, thus far, all had gono well with tho iudwcllcrs of tho cot and its moun tain chambers. Towards tho niiddlo of tho forenoon, Irono Oborwald sat in tho kitchen, having jti8t finished a grand baking of pie3 and meats, and whilo her only servant had gone out to look to tho poultry and hunt for eggs, she had laved hor faco and hands in fresh water, and eat down to rest. Hor fathcr.had taken his gun and gono forth to hunt for game— partly that, and partly to observe tho disposition of tho spies, who still occupied their old plnccs ia. tho sur rounding forest, llo had not been far away from hi3 dwelling sinco thoy mado thoir appearance, and ho would not probably go far now. Very acldom did tho pooplo from tho castlo lcavo thoir cavern during tho day. The hunter had striven to impress it upon thorn that they could bo enfo only while out of sight. Thero was no tolling at what momont' tho cyos of ono of tho munorous spies might peer into tho cot. Aa for him self, thoy dared not molest him without catise. Sir Pascal know that he enjoyed a plcilgo of personal security from both the grand duko and tlio emperor. Why those magnates had thus honored him ho did not know ; ho only know it was so. So Irono sat, in her hi-;h-baokcd chair, hor oyes half closed, thinking of something that had often occupied her thoughts oi lato, ono hand resting upon hor lap, while tlio other stole unconsciously up until it pressed her bosom, when sho was aroused from her reverie by tho Bound of a footfall bohiud hor, coming from tho direction of tho rear of the cot. Sho .quickly turned, and started to hor feet. Her breath came and went, her faco grow suddenly p.-ilo, ami then Iho rich colour miiunlwl to cheek and temple, whilo she caught the back of her chair for suuuort. Ho of whom sho had l-oou thinking, looking handaonior,Bho thought, than oven Ilia clear, honc3t cye3 smiling upon her, with a gazo earnest and sincere, stood bc foro hor. 'Wolfgang 1' sho whispered, baforo bIio thought. ' Dear lady — Treno .'—lot mo bdiovo that I. am welcome.' ' But, sir, how did you como ? [ saw you not.' ?' ' , . . ' No. I am a favored one. Your father, whon I wa3 hero onco beforo, — it has seemed nn ago to-fliOi — initiated mo into the mystery of the secret pass.' Why did hor heart bound bo happily at that ? Why did it givo her such quick, thrilling joy to know that hor fattier had so trusted thia man ? Ah, poor heart ! poor heart ! It had become captive, and she l:now it. She realized now, if never be fore, that she loved thi3 man. And yet sho scarcely knew him. How strange it wai-.' How had it come to pass? But she had no timo now for further speculation or philosophising. Tho new comer took her hand ns a brother might havo done, and asked for her father— on rather, where he was. He did not appear to be in r. hurry to ceo him. Sho told him that ho had gone out to shoot somo game and — Sho had got so far when she stopped.' ' Ah, I see,' he said. ' Lotus converse for a fow moments.' I want informtition which you can give mo.' Ho pointed her to a chair, and then Bat near her. 'Now, dear lady, I want to know what is going on hero. As I told you ouco be foro, I will help your frionda if I can ; and that the ability will bo niino I havo hot tin least particle of doubt. Trust we. You will trust a truo heart, bo sure.' Her tongue waa loosened as though b.y tho touch of a magician's wand. Sin could not have felt moro confidence in hoi beloved father than sho felt at that mo mont in tho man beforo her. Sho aakeo him of what sho should tell him. ' Of everything,' he answered. ' I want to know what Dunwolf i3 doing at tin castle.' Thon sho wont on and told him the story. She told first nfDunwolt'sai rival at thecastli immediately after tho funeral of old Sir Arthur; then of the adventure of Ernest von Linden on the road ; then of his being entrapped and cist into tho dungeon ; then of tho ciieapo mid flight to tho cot; and. finally, of the precautions thoy had been obliged to take on account of tho spica that Sir Pascal had posted in tho forest. She said her' father had counted moro than twenty of them. It would bo impossible to describe the various emotions which had been manifest in her listener during her recital. ' Ah !' ho ejaculated, ' and this villain thinks wo will givo him our help 1 I will help him ! But it shall bo to — what he littlo drcama of. And tho ladies of tho castlo aro still here ?' ' Yes, yes.' 'Well, well, — let them remain fox a time longer, but it b1io.11 not be for long. We must .wait until our vory dear friend in 3on dor chamber of tho .mountain is able to be up and doing. He is tho man upon whom (.he final solution depends. Wo will not call his name, but, my dear girl, do not you think badly of him. Bo suro ho is not bo black as ho is painted.' With thi3 tho young man roso quickly from his chair, and took two or thrco turns to nnd fro across tho room. Onco ho stopped near Irene, nnd gnzed iu/o her face. Then ho walked to and fro once more, nnd finally, with slow and thought ful step, he returned to liis seat, which lie moved nearer to the maiden boforo ho sat down. ' Irene,' ho said, speaking with solemn earnestness, ?' I wisli you to answer mo a question — to answer' it from your heart. I would havo you look to your own good ; but, if you can, givo n littlo thought to me :iml my weal. If you thought — if you be lloved — that you could in»l:c of me a jjikk' nnd happy man — a uinn who should bo, o1 some uso to his fellows and of value to hit country— would you givo yourself to the work ? Would you be willing to plnce your hand in mine, .and go with mo to the end J' His eyes of celestial blue wero brimmim. and beaming with a light that was infi nitely tender and .truo. Tho quivering maiden felt her own eyes fill ; her bosom heaved tumyltuously ; and sho could no moro have, spoken at tho moment than aho could have flown. Wolfgang took her unresisting hand, and repeated tho question. Ho spoko very softly, and with on earnestness that was of tho heart. A little timo ho waited, and then said : 'Irene, — you do not rcfuso me ? You do not say mo nay ? Then, dear girl, will you by and by, when you havo consulted youi own heart, and rcllccted more deeply, givo mo an answer?' ', Yes, yes,' sho criod, and she would havo buried her faco in her hands, but ho gently hold them fast, while bu presently whispered : 'I wish j-ou would toll mo that 1 may hope. Irene, I have not told you how beautiful you are, nor have 1 told you how deeply anil ardently I have Icnrncd in this brief timo to lovo you. I would not have nsked you that queslion if lr.y luvo — tho deepest, purest lovo my heart can know — had not been all your own. And now — ?jivomo a sign, that I may live in hopo of a happier, better lifo than I have evor yot known.' Sho looked up, nnd mot his ardent, gnze, and its wondrous wist fulness conquered. A sweet, loving sniilo broko through tho gath ering moisluro of hor eloquent cyca aa sho softly whispered : 'If it can jnako you happier — if it can mako you — 0 ! I dare not e.-iv, boiler — but if it can give you help for Iho tvmiins: time, I would not rcfuso you tho ln-po ynu ask.' Bl8B8SXB!&8£8S888&B8fi3S8BMBBB;£BKl ' Ten thousand blessings for that word 1' nnd he lifted her hand to hia lips, and im [.rititc-d upon It n kiss. He had just visrn 'frum liis neat and was (ujion tha point of s;'n.v.k:ng further, when '.he hunter entered. IIj stjirted on befe-ld- ng the visitor, nnd a cry of Btirj-rlso broko ' 'ivm hia lips. ; Irene arose, trembling with an.apprchon aion she could m.t ili-lini'. How would her ; father receive tho i:ian vrhn had gained from her nw.ro than an implied pledge of ? love— had gained We itself? If she had fi-:ir», they were quickly set at rest.- Sho. ,1 : .na watching eagerly, anxiously, and this \vn; what she saw : - With an exclamation of gladness, follow ing close upon that of surprise, her father ' * grasped the visitor by the hand, holding it ' with a fervent grip ; and sho saw in hia ' - face the -warmth and fervor of genuino affection. 'Good old Martin,' said Wolfgang, after having quieted the hunter's fears by inform ing him that ho had cmne by way of tho secret pass, ' y-mr daughter, God bless her fur an angel of lnvc nml Hiercy, has told mo of nil that has transpiied at tho castle, and of the exodus of its mistress anl her fair daughter.' As the young mnn thus bestowed his heart's blessing upon his fair informant, tho hunter gazed first upon the speaker and then upouhisdnughter ;and one who watched nar rowly would have seen an expression of infi nite joy and satisfaction upon hia honest race. Jn-ne saw it, and from that momem the die was east.. The two mon conversed a littlo further, after which, the hunter cautioned his daughter to keep thu visit of Wolfgang %o herself, thon took his \ isitor by the arm and led him towards tho uyluni of die wounded chieftain. - (To be Continued) OClO — OOO At a final examination tho professor gave a very difficult question to niie of the can didates. The nervous pupil remained silent. ' Como away, my boy,' said tho oxaminor, ? paternally ; 'don't bo troubled. Does the question embarrass you ?' 'It isn't the question that bothers me,' replied the pupil, ' it is the answer !' ooo— ooo 'Wo have a span of horses,' said on economist tho other day, 'on our farm, that support themselves without any cost.** ' Why, how, is that V excla'med a listener. ' Why, you see,' remarked the questioned, 'ono ia a saw hursp, the other a clothes horse' 000— :000 Sterne, who used his wifo vciy iU,'\raa talking to Garrick, in exuberance of spnti mentality, in praiso of conjugal love aud ; fidelity. ' Tho husband,' said he, ' wha behaves uukiadly to his wifo, deserves to havo hi3 house burned over his head.' 'If you think bo,' said Garrick, 'I hopo your houao is insured.' ooo — ooo 'Yes,' I»e said ; ' I attended a bull-fight in Mexico onco, and I thoroughly enjoyed it.' 'I cannot understand how ono can enjoy a brutal affair of that kind,' was tho roply. ' Nothing brutal about the fight I refer to.' 'Don't you consider it brutal for a lot of Mexicans to wantonly kill a bull T' ' Yes, but in this caao a bull killed a lot of Mexicans.' - ? - - — ' When a young man waltzes,' writes a master of tho ceremonies to a paper, 'ho will do wisely to keop his fingers stilL No thing aggravates a young lady more than to imagine you are trying to count tho whale bones in her dress.' ooo — ooo A paper heads an article ' How Hatters are poisoned.' But who wnnta. to poison » hatter? It i3 the shoemaker who pro miseB to havo your boots dono on Saturday night, and disappointa you threo time8,that; you want to kill. ooo — ooo 'Why should a red cow givo white milk ?' was tho subject for discussion in a literary socioty. After an hour's earnest debate, tho secretary was instructed to milk tlio cow and to bring in a docision ac cording to the merits of tho milk. It was * blue. ooo—ooo A man wont into tlio bush lost Sunday for a walk. Ho carried his overcoat on hia arm, but finding it burdensome hung it on a fence. Taking a card f,rom his pocket ho wrote:' 'Do not touch this coat; in fected with small-pox.' Ho camo back two hours later and found tho card, upon which was written underneath hia warning: ' Thanks for tho coat ; I've had tho small' pox.' ooo — ooo ' Aro you going to QuoensclifF this sum mer J' asked a Melbourne man. to a frioud, who is an invalid. ' Oh, yea, and I am going to batlio threo. timoa a day,' wa3 tho reply. ' - 'Do you think it will do you any good?' 'Yes; tho doctor says I must taEo a toddy after each bath to rcstoro tho circu lation. That's why it does mo good.' ' Well, -I'm going, too, this summer. That's just tho kind of invalid I am.' ooo — ooo A worthy old farmer, who thoroughly detested taxes aud tax-gatherers, was once called on by a collector a so-ond timo for taxes hu had paid, but for which- he had mislaid tho receipt ; and, as he told the story to a friend, cxclaimvd : ' Would you believe it, sir, tho fellow be^an ti- abuse ino I' 'Well,' said hi3 friend 'what did you do -' 'Do? Why, I re monstrated uith him !' ' And to what ? effect /' ' Well, 1 don't know t-5 what effect ; but the poker was bout !' 