CONGREGATIOJrAL 'UNION AND HOME MISSION OF S.A. Tha hal£. yearly meeting is connection wiih tlie Congregational Ucion and Home Mission of Souta Australia was held in the College Park CoEereeatiaail (Jharch. on Wcdoeadiiv. April. Is. in the absence. of the Chairman (Ker, S. Hebditch) Lthe Chairmanrelect (Etav. Alfred Jones) presided. There was a small attendance. THE BKV. S. HEBOITCH. The Chaiemas, ia opening, said— We are to;day deprived of the beni&a; presence and wise words of our dear friend Mr, Hebdirch, the Chairman of our meeting. I need hardly tell y oa who knot? him so well that wa will jniss him greatly, and I feel positive that I ahall command yonr sympathies and convictions when I say tbjS the first thing we oa-jht to do at our meeting ia to forward a letter of sympathy to oar dear brother in hia illness. The SecflETAKr {Rev. J. C. Mcilichael) moved that a letter of sympathy be Bant. In secondm?, the Rev. J. W.Jones remarked that he nw Mr. Hebditch trot rrionri?, when he desired him to convey his affectionate greetings to the brethren, and his regret at being unable to attend the sittings. Mr. Hebditch Beemed a little brighter than be was & few days ago, bat he was etill vr ry DL The motion was agreed to, and on the ecfzgtstion of Mr. J. J. Stucxky it was also decided to eead a letter of sympathy to the Nona Adelaide Congregational Church. Later on in the day the sub committee ap pointed to draft the letter of sympathy ur seated tbe followjig letter to the'Cooncil, ?wfto ado»-trd it:— 'The Kav. S. Hebditch.— Rev. andxtearSrr— The Council of the Conira x&cional; Union now m hddf-yearly meeting ?M-semblcd have heard with the deepest sorrow that not only ia the meeting to foe deprived of yonr presence and wise counsel, bet that your illness ia of a gcava character And l^dy to deprive us and the Christian oonrnnmity cf yonr presence for some time. ?Our feeling is cne of deep sympathy with you and with your family. We have offered to the Father of all mcicies prayer for His r.iesence to be with you, upholding you with Hia mighty hand. May He make Hia strength available in your weakness and Hia precious love in Christ Jesus the comfort and joy cf your-heart in the midat of what would be otherwise a valley of the shadow of death. There n but one heart among us ia regard to you, and that heart ia full of respect; and affection. We know also that the same feeling pervades the community wherever your name is known. May the gracious Lord restore you to your people and to your brethren in His o» j good time. If He orders otherwise may all consolation abound to you and yours.' The sub- committee recom mended that considering the North Adelaide Church had not yet accepted their pastor's resignation, it waa premature to forward p- letter of sympathy to the Chnrch, a recom mendation which the Council adopted. EXECUTIVE CO3I3nTIEE'S BSPOBT. The haJf-yearly report of the Executive Committee stated that six meetings of tha committee had been held during Lthe past half-year. Referring to the absence of the Rev. S. Hebdisch, the report continued that Mr. Hebditch had been laid aside for eome time frqrn pastoral work through severe indisposition. Up to the last few days he hoped to take hia propsr tlase as Chairman, but his medical advisers had-fciven a decided opinion that it would be unwise for him to do so. The com mittee expressed a fervent hope that a speedy return to health might permit the reverend ftmtieman to resume his pastoral work. With pleasnre the committee welcomed the Rev. W. R. Fletcher on his return from India. The Rev. Charles Hodge, who had accepted an invitation to tha pastorate of Port Elliot Church, was successful and happy in his charge. Broken Hill.— In August last a letter wss received from Mr. James Port, of Silverton, urging the claims of Broken Hill upon the committee. Alter an earrest discussion the iiev. S. HebdiSch consented to visit Broken Hill and obtain a report, and as aresult of Mr. Hebditch's yiaifca committee was formed to arrange for mission work. As the funds of the Union could not be applied to carry on the work, a special fund was Btarted with considerable success. The Rev. R. K. Mackay, of Warrnambool, Vic toria, consented to spend December and January in laying the foundation of mission -?c-k, and during his stay an allotment of land was purchased and a room to seat 300 perrons waa erected for public worship. The &sv.; J. R. Glasson followed in February, the Rev. John Llovd in March, and the Rsv. E. Dod drell, of Victoria, had undertaken to conduct services during ApriJ. An earnest invitation *o the pastorate had been accepted by the Rev. R. K. Maakay, who would begin his work in May. There was every probability of a large building being required very shortly, and it was desirable that every effort should be made to enable Ccngregationaliats to occupy their proper place among the other Cmrches in Broken Hil), as it was quite certain that a large and increasing population would soon be settled in the district. Report accepted. FINANCE. The Finance Committee reported : — The year was begun with a debit balance of £90 9? 4d. The total receipts had been £345 5s. lid., and the expenditure £411 103. , in creasing the debit o* the Union by £66 4s. Id. This was accounted for by the fast that five quarters of grants had beeu paid, one being overdue aS the beginning of the year. The balance-sheet showed : —Dr. — Donations, £92 3a. 3d.; proceeds of Union meetings, £21 17a ; Ladies' Associa tion, £231 5s. 8d.; Loan Property Committee, £150: Bank balance, £8 13s. 5d. Cr. — Balance Bank of Adelaide, £90 9a. 4d.; ex pects annual and half-yearly meetings, £18 16s 9d, ; grants to Churches, five quarters, £302 ; sundries, £30 133. 3d. Received. PEOPESTT StTB-COMillTTEE. Committee reported :— The sum3 cf £232 !---3. 10d_ had been received from the trustees cf Union College, of which amount £150 had been lent to tho Finaoce Committee. An additional £200 would pre'isbly be received before very long as the committee's ehare of the rcmainirg assets of the College. An ad oiticEal loan of £200 had been made to Port Pirie, and £70 repaid by them off their former losin. Building Society shares had been tiken on account of that Church for repay ment of £2C0. Border Town Church had' re paid the balance of loan (less an amount to be received from the Jubilee Fands as bonus), and the Church would be free from rfebt, although its shares in the Baild iog Society were cot vet matured. Maitlaad Chnrch had not been able to keep up its nrGDV-'ed payments, and ths loan to Kadis* Church, for which it held its own Building Society Bhares, wa3 promised to be repaid daring the present month. The preasat t-tate cf the funds was approximately us foUows :— Loana to Churches, i2,0l0 ; orbsr ►ecnriti- 1 £400 ; Savings Bank, £l-0 ; total, £2,470. iJaildicg Society shares were htl'i for most of the loans, and oa these about ij50 (exclusive of profits) had been paid. .Report received. STUDENTS' SCB-CQilHITTEE. Committee recommended that fanda be collected from former subscribers and othera to carry en College work. The Betr. W. E. Fletcher had undertaken to prepare a scheme for the education of students. The sum of £232 las. lOd. had been received from the trustees of Union College aadjplased for tee time being ja tfce fra^s of ths Property Sub-committee. Received. JCEtLEE COiLHITTEE. Referring to the Jubilee movement, the ?committee in their proareea rapore stated that *n oroer to Batiafactoriiy terminate the j abilee work an earnest appeal by circular had teen .addressed to all the Churches asking them to rtceive a deputation daring March. Gene rally the replies were such as to discourage the Echeme, which had to be most relic tautiy abandoned. Tha plan of granting iionuBea to country and suburbaa Canrchea on all amounts raised for tlie payment of Church ?oebts had acted as a healthy stimulus. O win? to the General Fend being exhausted the -ccmnittee were enable for the present to ?continue the substantial help, but an earnest ?effort waa beisg made to increase the fund. The Hon. J. EL £ngas, MLC-, had kindly Anticipated hia promised gift by contributing a earn amounting, with previous gifts, to 10 percent, oa £20,CC0. It waa desirable that the contributions should be increased so as to meet Mr. Angaa's generous gift. The tosai receipts from the fund were £11,000. Report received. PABSI5T TB.CSX. Tbe annual report stated that the net iBcntoe for the past year had amounted to iSfX) 3& 9d. as against £5^9 8s , the income for the i^evioufl year. Tbe pressure of the times bed iomewuat affected the Traat. and in tbe absence of desirable seenritiaa & erDt-idcrable amoant had been placed a% tituosit at the Bask. Three oat of tho foar hoawa at Glenelc were let, but the governors bad been obliged to accapS very low roa-^L;. Obc feature of the year's operations waa tbs vale to the Government of Jand require:! for the railway from Palmerstou to Pins Creek. This railway passed through a large block ot «cantry land near Palmerdton belocging to the Treat, and the governors acespw zho ficvefsmeot valuation price, £75. Received. FARKVS MISSIOS. Tie goTeruora reported that ths Parkin C'ca*rcgational MiHsion wa3 uov faUy flie«««^d, and the necassary legal forms 6ji 1 iBipcorporation executed. The objects of the Tre&t; were toe payment of ec-fcwn |.i£3cice iff relatives of Mr. William ParkiD, the aiu.naf distribntion of £ICO to twanty veer widow of the Cbngrc-^ionsl bodf. sud the 6£t4Bl!shment of OongraRafctonal missioaaiita ic the coontry dfatiicts at a dittarce cf not lea ib&n; 20 miles froaj any exfetirjg Congregational Church, and the pro vision of stipends for inch miMionariea. To accomplish the objecta' Mr. Parkin had pat in tiust certala picpert? in , Raudle atreet, which produced about£t,100 a year. The governors of ths Mission were five in number, consisting at present of Mr. Wiiliam Parkin (President), Revs. P. W. Cox- and C. Manthorpe, and Merars. ' A. Adatnaon and J. F. Conigrave. Received. _ . ? VSIOS OF THB C3UBCHBS. The Rov. F. W. Cox read a paper entitled ' The Onferegational Churches of the same City or Neighbourhood— How to Unite Them in Closer Bonds of Brotherhood,' in which he sue Rested numerous waya in which the members and ministers of the various Churches mi^ht assemble for general edifica tion and Church worship, A lengthy dis cussion eneurd, Mr. Cox's paper .being favoun-bly commented upon. ? ? ~ MISSION WORK OK THE BABBIEB. a Mr. J.: Poet, who has spent a considerable time on the silver-fields of the .Barrier, drew' attention' to the spiritual wants of the in habitanta on the Barrier, and suggested that as there .-were other places- besfdes .Broken HH1 and Silverton which would be sure' ' to largely -, increase in popula tion a travelling miBsionat; or misaioaariea should be appointed to labour at Thackaringa, Euriowis, Wankaroo, Pnrnamoota, and. such like mining centres. The Rsv. W. EL Fr^ETCHBB pointed out that the Union could not ecclesiastically annex the districts at pre sent, bat it was probable that steps would be taken later on. A long discussion ensued, and as the mission and Church work gets more advanced in that part of New South Wales the Council will doubtleaa see that the Con gregational Church is well represented there. Evksisg Meetisg. In tbe evening a public meeting was held in the Church, when the Rev. S. Hebditch's Autumnal Presidential address on ' Church life in the Colony from a Denominational Point of View' was read in hia absence by the Bev. W. R. Fletcher, &LA.; The Rev. Alfred Jones occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance. A fairly full report of the address is appended : — IHTBOZflJCTORY. When I took the chair of your assembles last year I thought it incumbent on me not to restrict yonr view to any sectional or denominational interests, but entering into the spirit of the Imperial and the colonial jubilee, as well as of our own, to point oat the place and function of religion in the development of national life. In the address 'Religion in the State' some things were said which were regarded as 'grievous words which stir up strife.' This was not their in tention nor to any serious ex«ent their effest. To-day I shorten tlie radius of the circle, and look at things nearer home. £ propose to consider the Church life of this coloay from the denominational point of view, not to compare the denominations as to the sound ness of their polity or the Scripturalness of their theology or the quality or extent of their work, but to look at the picture they present as they lie side by side in this land ; to S3e what is excellent or not excellent in their distribu tion, attitude, ard action, and especially to endeavour to show our place andopportrmity end duty as one of them — in numbers, not in influence, one of ' the least of the tribes of Israel.' CffCBCH LIFB JS AUSTRALIA, Like political, social, industrial, literary life in Australia ia English life modified by Australian conditions. Strong as the reform ing and radical tendency ib, the conservative tendency is stronger, and that especially in the epheie of religion. ' See thou make all things after the pattern shoived to thee in the Mount' is an order ever ringing in the ears cf the constructors of the social and religious life of these colonies— the Mount being the old country. Blessed is, perma nent be, this tendency. Lei colonial life ever root in English life, and draw thence its beat inspirations. Bat let it not be slow to discover and take advantage of its own special conditions. The happy absence of a olate Church exempts ua from an irritating controversy ; tbe sparseness and paucity of the population limits and, in some cases, forbids denominational propaganda; the freer thought excludes suspicion and bitter neES from doctrinal discussion; the blight skies and exhilarating air, undarkened by the spectre of 'the hungry millions' that mars the joy of .England, ought to give a glad and nappy air to our religious character, while the charm of the opportunity should unite all in the grand endeavoui to lay the foundations of these rising kingdoms on the solid basis of the law and love of God. Whether the denominations which have come hither have thus understood their position or no it is a grand thing th-t they are here. John Bull is a successful emigrant, because when he packs hia trunk he finds a snug place in it for hia Bible, adding, if he be an Epis copalian his prayerbook, if a Presbyterian hiB shorter catechism, if a Methodist Wesley's hymns, if a Congregationalist Watty's, if a Baptist Ry land's. Tne Paplat does less well, because not with, but instead of, the Bible he takes only his roaary, crucifix, and miaaaL Nothing struck our late visitors so much aa the universal preeeoce of chnxches in town Bhips great and small over the whole of the districts they traversed. Dr. Dale 01 ten spoke of it to me as evidence of the survival and the strength of the Christian faith in these lands, despite all the scepticism of the times, and he will make no small use of this fact in hid defence of Christianity at home. Denomi natiocaliam has undoubtedly taken firm ard broad hold of Australian life, and is a great faotor in it. Here the denominations are, and in them is mainly coin^rised the religion of the people. They are its embodiment, organ, and index. I say mainly, not entirely. The religion of a cation never yet was coinci dent with the Church or Churches of that nation, any more than the whole flora or fauna cf a country is confined within its gardens and farms. DEKOMEJATIONAIi STRENGTH. A very unattractive title some will say. It couples a good thing with a bad. It desires that to be strong which were better weak, and tiiat to live which were better dead. Denominations, are they not the reproach of our timep, the grief and sore of all true Chnrchmen ? Not longer ago than the Bishop's valedictory jjir John Downer Baid, amid cheers more ardent thani- 2ectwe, that ' ho hoped tbe dav waa not distant when the vry word denominations would be a thing of the past.' The worthy Knight and those 1 ho cheered fcim could hardly have ^eigbad the words he used. The day is distant, very distant; the Greek Kalends will be here first. Alexander, Ossar, Charlemagne, Napoleon dreamed of the universal empire of their several swords, and the dream troubled the world. Hildebrand, more ambitious, put the crown on the crozier, and dreamed bolder dreams of a universal and supreme Church. Can that be repeated ? Can any clerical brain ever dream it again ? Is the dav rear when all Protestants will conteaa their eiror and sin ia breaking with tbe Pope, and peni tently pray to be received back again? Is the d&y; near when the Free Churches of England will make similar suit to the Arch bishop of Canterbury? Ah, but we don't mean that, say oar comprehensionists. Re r.in your convictions and preferences, but consent to f^e comprised in one Church. This ere Chnrch must liave some doctrinal basis, some approach to uniformity ai worship, some degree of central government, and some Btac dard of ministerial qualification. Is the man born, or going to be bom, that will have the skill to construct such a scheme? The day, Sir John, is not near ; God must first unmake man and annul hia responsibility. So long as man «s man— an individual, moral beint, responsible to God only for his faith and Mb conduct — so long the religious life of the world will exhibit variety, and the religious people of the world, following deep laws of affinity ard sympathy, will crystallize and group themselves around their own centres, each group in its own way seeking to please and terve the Lord and to complete His kicedoaa. But this ia no apology for de ncminatiorjaiism as it is. In it there ia much to deplore and condemn. By pleading for denominational strength I plead for a healthy, honourable, satisfactory condi tion, for tbe casting aside of all that ia not in har«nony with Scripture, reason, the e^int of the ave, and the interests of the kingdom of God. Within these limits the stronger they are the better. ELEMBBT8 AND C0SDIT105S OF STRENGTH. What, then, are the elements and condi tions of denominational strength? The anawera to th-8 question which a dozen dif ferent persona would give would disclose gpe&tainnity; and confusion of idea as to the standard of strength. The standard of one would be numbers, of another wealth, of another culture, of another political and ioetal influence, of another legitimacy. None of tbtse are true standards. As the Churches are professedly, tho several divisions and sub divieiocs of ''the Eac^ mental host of God's eiect,' that ia to be accounted the strongest before whom tbe King's ensmi? s most quickly fail and by whom His kh ^dom ia fcefct served. The first condition of dencrciaational strength is a right to be— a snfiicient raison dtetre. Each Christian denomination professes two tb'CRE— first, that it holds ail tb.3 e&»entui trntb3 of the common faith ; and aaaondly, that it is charged with the special care and advocacy of some particular doctrine or principle of polity denied, overlooked, or under-estimated by all the rest. Now, the right of any denomination to exist is to be erjfght among these specialities and not among the articles of the commoa creed. For example, the Baptist body does not exist as a denomination- because of ifea belief in the incarnation, the atonement, salvation by grace through faith, bnt because it ba lietes that baptierrr ihould only follow personal faitb, and should be by immeniim, &r.d; ibe (jceetzon is, h Jfcat a sufficient reason? iln their owrifjudgmentf it undoubtedly Ja ;; \- bat a more impartial jadgment ib necessary, j The Churches live and act before each ether: and alt of them befpre, the worldl; Priblici opinion ia a tribunal to whioti^ even the Churches are amenable.. Pervaded aa that opinion is by a sense of, the reasonable, the; right, and the fair, the Churches must expect their ways ttt be mofeand more canvassed; and irflaencea1 by it 'It-ia.tpt enough that a! denomination be convinced of ita own right: to exist. It will not' meet much recognition; nor be strong for any great work unless eister denominations and -thecommon sense of the outeide world ia convinced also... If' in. their judgment the specialty be of a trivial nature, a question of no great importance, the rear ing of a denomination, thereon will not be' deemed the work of a wise maB&er; builder. To construct and maintain the whole arjpa ratus of a separate denomination to oear witneBB to a point having no important bear-! ing on Christian life1 and the Kingdom of, Gcd 1b to overlook the proportion of things and may suggest the sarcasm, ' much ado' about noWriug,' ot ' ' ' Ocean'inio tempest tost - ? -' - -. ; To waft a feather or to drown a fly.' ' ,.... ' DGCTRIKAi; DIBTERKKCES. - - I To JuBtffy itself a denomination most show not only that its specialty ia important in: itself, bnt that it requires the apparatus and! witness of a Chorch body to keap it duly' before the world. Thia Is often a vain con ceit, and a distrust of truth- and the God 6E truth. We ate apt to think that the ark wUli fall unless steadied by our hand. There ia; warning in the word ' Perez Uzzah.' .Large doctrinal differences may co-sxtst, sud do co -existy and more and more will co-exist in the same denomination ;and' in the same Church. The Church; lengthening her cords of thought, auftat; tbe same time strengthening her stakes of charity will find room in this enlarged place of her habitation for many a conviction once called heresy and forbidden the enclosure. Why may we not hope of theological ani mosities that 'the wolf shall dwell with the lamb and the leopard shall lie down with the kid, aid the calf and the yonng lion and tho failing together, and a little child Bhall lead them.' All the ferocities of wolf and lion aad bear yield to the spirit of the little child. An assembly diverse in theology bat one in spirit, praising and eervftg as alike con strained by the love of Chmt, would be a picture presenting not an unworthy realiza tion of IeairJi'B vision. CHURCH POLIIfV AND RITUAL. But, in fret, the denominational differences are not largely doc triaaL ' Justificaion by faith' was indeed the lever by which Luther overturned the Papacy, and is still, aa he said, the ariiadus'jtantis vet eadentis ecclesue. Its denial fixes a yawning chasm between the Papal and Protestant Churches wh-ch can never be filled up. No, it ia from questions of polity, orders, ritual, Church relationship and management, that denominationaliam springs. These involve action, and action regulated by different principles leads to collision and deadlock; Some Churches are autocratic, some oligarchic, gome democratic. Lay power aa traced throughout tlie denominations is a very variable quantity, and its place and function and relation to the power of the ministers is in some quarters a matter cf chronic debate. This question, I believe, is the main difficulty in the fusion or confedera tion of the various Methodist bodies of the colony, an end devoutly to be wished, and surely not beyond hope. Touching both doctrine and polity is the very troublesome question of 'orders' and the sacraments. Still, still, after centuries of refutation and disproof a vast proportion of the so-called Christian ministry stand, high and haughty, in a position of exclusive privilege, alleging and maintaining that they are the sole possessors of the qualification and the right to preach the Word and to administer the sacraments; that this sole right has come down to them from the apostles, and will flow on to the end of the world only in the same channel ; all others, however able, holy, and useful to be regarded as intruders, usurpers, acting without warrant and without promise of blessing, whom it is a duty to discourage and oppose., and whom it may be a virtue to denounce. The fruits of a Melody's work, the life of a Moffat, the ministry of a Beecher, the measureless influence of a Spurgeon, all count for little. These men were not in orders. Coleuso was in orders. Livingstone was not. Haweis, Canon Freemantle, Llewellyn Daviee, doing their best to destroy our faith in the supernatural in Christianity, are yet valid teachers, for they had episcopal ordination. Dr. Clifford, Dr. McLaren, Dr. Dale, Mark Guy Pearse, Hugh Price Hughes are not to be put on the same level with them. So long as pretensions like these, so extravagant, so irrational, eo utterly base less and withal so mischievous, are main tained, comprehension is impossible, even co-operation is difficult. The differences of polity to which I have referred are a more legitimate ground of denominational classifi cation, for it is obviously inconvenient and impracticable for Ciiurcb.es to be organized and led on in witnessing working and mili tant bodies except on principles held to be valid by the great majority of the members. SUHDAY IN ADELAIDE. Very interesting and veiy instructive is tbe ecene presented in the City of Adelaide every Sunday morning. No Cathedral rears its spire in Victoria-square, but from a central civio tower issues a tuneful and changeful peal addressed to the citizens at large— 'The hour of worship is come; go je seekers of God your several ways, gather in your chosen sanctuaries, worship, congregate, combine, work where ye feel most at home and after the manner ye deem acceptable.' So say the bells, and so do the people. The mass of citizens, freely mixing daring the week in their several secular interests, at the Eound of the Sunday bells fail into line on their several religions impulses. Tbe chops are closed, the Churches are open, and towards these living files meve, greeting and exchanging holy ealaams &a; they pasa each his own way, glad that they have heard tbe call 'Let us go into the house of tlie Lord ' The Churches are filled— occupied— each with a congregation on all main points of doctrine and government agreed, and re joicing to wcrship and work together after the manner of their fathers in the old coontry without friction, without contro versy, holding up and handing on, each the everlasting gospel, and the specific principles by which each is distinguished. LOCAL EEASOKS FOR CHURCHES. I have been endeavouring to show that a denomination to be strong most have suffi cient reason for its existence. I add that it moat also have a sufficient local raison d'itre. Must every Bank in King tVilliam-8treet and every retail firm in Bundle -street reappear in the little town ships of the colony ? Most they also have their North-terrace of doctors, and their Pirie-street of brokers? The world is too shrewd for BuchfoDy. 1 would the children of light were equally wise. It is not unusual to see in the tpwnBhips of South Australia as many (JhorcbeB as there are hundreds of in habitants — three, four, five ecclesias tical structures of various styles and names — any one, certainly any two of which would accommodate all the worshipping portion of the population. £abdivuion is starvation. There ia not enough cf anything— of singers, of teachers, ci officers, of givers. The Great Presence ia I know promised to 'two or three,' and some of these little places have thereby been made little heavens btlow. But tbat la only when the two or three a/e gathered together in His Name, and that condition, I venture to say, is sot fulfilled when, as is sometimes too obvious, the reason of the third or fourth denominational arrival is not that the gospel was not fully and adequately preached there, bat that its own spe ciality was not exhibited there. In populous towns let Church rise by Church and every Christian conviction embody itself, and let each anticipate growth where growth is probable. Bat if denomination A is already doing Christ's work and diffusing His spirit in a district not likely to require more, I say to denominations B, 0, D hasten not thither. You have no call, no sufficient reason, and to go in the face of the good sease of the world and in violation of the role of not intruding on other men's labours, eo carefully observed by Paul, is to forfeit the right of recosnition and to exhibit your own weakness in the very act of weakening others more worthy than youreelves. A CHURCH'S W1T.NKSS. Another condition of strength in a denomi nation is that it ahall appreciate its own witness. Having a raison cCilrc it shall believe it to be good, hold it firmly and with all regard to the proportions, and the chari ties advocate it Btrennoualy. If one body believes itself chafed with the custody of a Calvanifitic theology or a Presbyterian regime; or with Arminian theology and a Methodist regime; or with the prisstly chaucter of the ministry and an Episcopal regime ; or with a witness against all official ministry and for the Adelphian regime j or with the autonomy of each Church and tlie Congregational regime, let' them ? not be ashamed, but pat all possible clearness into their ideas and all force into their convic tions. Whatever you be, be. In the camp of Israel every tribe had its flag and every man stood by his standard. In our own denomination it !b not unnecessary to in aist on this condition. We are weak through ^appreciation of the importance of oar own witneEB. The substance of that witness ia so sublime that it onghtto arouse the utmost enthusiasm. The two congregational bodieB have [in their especial charge to emphasize thtj spirituality of the kingdom of God, the' eole supremacy of Chriat, therealltv, nearness, inviolable sacrednessof each. soul's personal relations with God, hia absolute independence of a}} spiritual authority save that of Christ. ?It is a sublime position, an inspiring mia-; sion, bat do oar people think so ? Have; tbiese : heavenly principles been converted; from a traditional and hereditary possession &b; the treasures of the conscience ? Haa their history been studied, their1 8eripfcural-j ness proved, their immense power m Church, tnd^national life estimated ? '; , -c' ..:.. .. ?'.'?{? \ 'Reasons ' hot very ? per tirient ;?'? not? very! powerful,' not always creditable 'suffice to sever aoma persons altogether... from V. 'the; Church of their fathers/ The- new] conhec-i don is determined by motives it would be' Jifficult to analyse. A young member of the; British Parliament, whose ability and pro ; mice' Mr. Gladstone recognised by makio? aim Undr r-Home Seoretary in his -own! M'uiairy, was the con of a deacon of a Con-j ^regational Chnrch and the grandson of one pf.- those ..noble men who. had i been imprisoned for Nonconformity. In his maiden speech he boldly avowed bis attachment i-o the same* principles, and bis pride in being of . eo honourable an an liiuj. In that house perhaps a few thought le had been wiser if silent on such a' shady niginaL ,:They would' like .their': comie-j statesman to be such.as can boast of family. ?\\. ' ?/'- ? ' Mokoios atavis ectite regibiu '? : ? : Bnt the great senate cLeered the manly con fession, and the whole country knew that ;he Dnder-Secretary was no trimmer.' His :hiei was a High Churchman. He was, and would continue to be a Nonconformist.' aieat and universal was the grief caused. t-yJua prema Jure death. A not unimpoitant: dement in denominational strength is ; \- - :-.'?? UT APPROPRIATE SAMS. . ' ; [n nomenclature the Btep from the sublime !p the ridiculous ia very soon taken. . : Sorre denominational names err and offend i-y the assumption they involve. 'The Catholic Chnrch' notably, for everybody knows or might know that it is not the Caiholic Church. 'The Catholic Apostolic Lhorch' asenmes that other Churches are not &poetolic.; 'The Church of England' in Bngi&nd; and hsr offshoots in the colonies are nost relnctant to part with the time-honoured jnd dear name. But part with it they unst. The .common sense of tha world iviU not allow one of many true Churches ia England to claim to foe known' all over the dobe as the Church of England. For the same ieason territorial titles will have to be lisccntinued. While the Chtuch ia linked to -he State in Eogland we most endure she terms 'Provinces of Canterbury' and 'Yoik,' with 'Archbishops'- of the same, ind all the grotesque sign manuals which the BiBhops are obliged to use. W. M. 'Ebor,' J. B. 'Durham,' C. J. 'Gloster and BriBtol,' 'Sarom,' 'Bath and WellB,' 'Sodor and Man,' &c;, &c.; Bat why perpetuate the assumption here? Ib Bishop' Barry the Primate of Australia, or even Bishop of Sydney ? Is Dr. Goe Bishop of Melbourne, or Dr. Kennion of Adelaide? Emphatically no ! They are able, excellent, faith/ ol eirwKoiroi of the adherenta of their )tm Church in these regions,. bnt that means )nly of a portion of the population, many of whom do not desire nor will accept their 3hurch system. On like ground I object to mderetand by tie word V Churchman' a nember of the Anglican or Bom&n; Church, TJNTAIR AND GROTBSQUE NAMES. Neither shoald there beany reflection cast by the. chosen name. Am I not a ' Bible Dhrifitianf Am I not a 'Disciple of Christ f Am I not a ' Chriatian Disciple ?? &m; I not a 'Brother?' though not born first or secondly in Plymouth? Am I aot a Baptist, who have baptized many inndr eds, . and was myself baptized amid the 'ervent prayers of a mother, who h^d been mmersed, and a father who had not — prayers ffhich specially asked the honour of the holy nin'stry for their con ? ' Can yon direct me, Sir, to the Christian Church ?'said a stranger ;o me one Sunday morning. I was hal xmpted to point upward to the general Assembly and Chnrch of the firstborn en rolled in heaven (only there). Behind rre ivaa the Dean's Church, to the right the Cathedral, north Mr. Bice's, Dorth-east Archer- street, straight before me my own. I said, 'I think the assembly yon mean meets In Kenrjode-atreet, thesecond tornto the left.' rhis unfair and often grossly urcharitable iEe of denominational names, however high loucding and grand, is really a weakness, for ill unreality is weakness. The denomi latioral name Bhould indicate the point of lifTerence — Papal, Protestant, Episcopal, Presbyterian, Methodist, prefixing or adding i bint of the subdivision, historical, per ?onal, constitutional, as the case may be. Fain would we ever so use the word con gregational of the great binary body so governed, and I hope it is never forgotten ;hat between the Baptists and ourselvn ;here is absolutely no difference except that )f baptism— they thinking it of sufficient mportasce to give them a name, we pre erring the far more comprehensive and vital 20te of the autonomy of the Church. THE COMrSG OF CHRIST. Brethren, I believe in the coming of the Lord, the speedy coming of the Lord. I am lot a Prsmillenniali8t, I do not know that I im a Millennialist at alL But I do believe n the great promise by which the Lord FeBUB balanced the announcement of his de parture — ** I will see you again.' 'I will not eave you bereaved, I will come to yon.' We lave rotdnly considered the significance of the 'onn in which the promise of power was given. We pray for increase on planting ard water ing, for blessing oh the ministry of the Word, or an outponring of the Holy Ghost. But ;he promiee is that the King will make the tisgdom — ' Thine the kingdom, thine the jower.' 'lam with you always,' 'When 3e is come He will convict the world of Bin, )f righteousness, and of judgment.' All 'pochs of progress in the Church have been produced by a coming of the Lord. The ;emple is fiL'ed with far-streaming glory when 3e enters it. Ia the.e any present sign that ;he Lord whom we seek is coming to Hia ;emple ? I think there is, and will in a fe n lentences try to show what I mean. SOLEMN SIGNS OF THS IIMSS. The times are profoundly interesting. I lonot Eay alarming, bnt full of solemn signs, which one must be blind indeed not to liBcern. The nineteenth century, approaeh ng its tenth decade, is unquestionably ;he greatest since tbe Advent, because -f tbe breadth and depth, the variety md silence of its revolutions, the momentum sf which increases with the years. From lome source there has come into man's spirit \ wonderful awakening — like a resurrection. Ba has opened his eyes on his world and on lirreelf, and, as waking from a dream, asks what it all means ? Why are there rich and 3por, well to do and ill to do ? He carries u's new found right of interrogation every where, and would ask, and does ask, of the ragust person whom tho Jews once chal enged, 'By what authority doest thou ;heee thingB?' It a&kB; kings by what warrant iheyiule, and God by what right he commands. Working revolution everywhere, thia spirit shows itB boldness and power and probable a-neE chiefly in tbe spiritual sphere. As to orms of belief, they are changing every where. This spirit has loosened the rusty icrews of an iron Calvinism, whereat Mr. Spurgeoc— brave and faithful man that he is, ihcuRh mistaken — takes alarm, and cries, 'Ichabod !' The conflict of the nineteenth :entnry mind with first century train now ;o-t-g en is the Bublimest perhaps that earth las ever offered to the gaze of a wonderin? Beayen. If Christianity can be overthrown t will be now. Traditionalism won't save t. The whole pomp and power of the Papacy and its imitations will be swept aside with the contempt due to a huge and weak mpoBture. No new order of apologists is ikely to arise with mlgbty pen and tongue working everywhere conviction for doubt, lor may we hope for any new race A preachers or any break-up and re nodtlling of the methods of the kingdpai. Prophecy hints that good and evil will head ap into two personalities for the - final mcountcr. Some expect a personal Antichrist, 'the man of sin,' to fulfil all that ia written jf him in the 2 Tliessalcxiians, including his ran doom. Ia hia time near ? If so, equally star muBt be the brightness of His coming who trill extinguish him with a breath. Bat is it ?ai e to rely on this ? Can you imagine such a person, or that his advent ia et hand? Or mch a visible counter display as that would nececaitate? Still less conceiv able ia tbe appearance of any Bach Tor-n or Elijah as the case requires. What then? The crisis must end. The movement is- ao immensely eerious for all tinman interests that it most pause and some thing like a new order of things most arise. Fbis pelting storm of scepticism is not to be eternal ; the animalism heard in the growl of ;he blasphemous scepticism of Inglesant, ;he truly touching laments of scholarly pes simism, tbe painful distraction of millions )f believers, all tell thai; tlie long century -f anxious enquiry will end in affirmation. Haa it ever occurred to you to ask why 3-ri8tianity has let itself be so discredited? Dugbt these doubts to be possible ? Is it not jonceiyable that it should have existed all ilor? in auch sublime Iieavenlmess that the -ceptic should have no point of attack, that ier eremiee- should have no. evil thing to say igainst her? Why did she cot long ago Irive polygamy, slavery, oppression from the iarth I Why has she let the ' bitter cry of mtcsBt London' be ever heard? Why has ihe sot settled the land question, the unem ployed question, tbe Irish question? It is n her powei. The power to restore a social jarodue to earth fa in Christ's hands. And he responsibility is enormous for those tenors and Byatem* which have given oi inadequate idea of Christianity to tie iorld. A recd^living Church in the place -/ the shams ana caricatures which lave, borne aad disgraced the nametcoiUd tare ditpenstd vnth the neeessitg of armies -f apoloqi&ts; For let it not be forgottbn hat the aeriouB, perhaps the most prolific, ?cause of the ^centuty's scepticism, is thecen-; ' tMyV'Chri8tiansi''' Myown perauaaion is! :Btror»g that; the ^reat recovery will come ia' thia lorm. No renewed devotion oa the part: of preachers, no deeper study of the ' dsptha! of God by our scholars, no revived a3octi-' cism,.nc energy of individual effort will avail. Trie Lord most come Himself. Not yes £ think in the great Paroasia, but in pur; evance of His own rule that an inviajble ia more expedient than a visible direction of HIb Church. He has ever watched the varying needB of His Kingdom, and has refalfilled tha long, living, current promise, 'I will come to you.' 'Tia He, only He, we want. Only He can give, the true idea, the true experience* .tbs tianeforming possession Of that eternal life , which, we have in Him. I need not enlarge.; Let the Church be, Christian according to its own ideals, and the end is gained. - ' . And this calls for quite a marked further advent of the Comforter, that is of .Christ in ?he Paraclete. ' Come, .Lord Jesus' is the constant cry of the Church. Should not thia century's close be marked by the deepening, widening, iniensity and UDammily wisa which that cry ascends. . Thia is power. Construct and work for denominations as Scripturally as you can, bat remember, each Church is worthlesa for its end if it be not a temple of God. It is a receptacle constructed for a definite end— to be a habitation of God through ths spirit. Oar polity emphasizes this great- fcath. Lst as be foremost in hoping, working, pray rig, pm posing for that enlarged conception of the Church which we believe God, seeing oar sore need, is about to send us in another mission of the Comforter. A difccnfifiion ensued at the clo3e, and it was decided to convey a hearty vote ot thanks to Mr. Hebditch for his exceedingly valuable paper, as well as an expression from the meeting of sympathy with him- in hia afflic tion. The Eev. W. B. Fletcher remarked that their meeting that night was one of peculiar solemnity, and the addresa would serve as an interesting memento of Mr. Heb ditch's Chairmanship. A motion was carried to the effect that the address be printed aad bound with Mr. Hebditch's previous address, ' Religion m the State,' in order that i;m!ght be circulated and form a valuable library volume, the coBt of printing to be borne by the Union. 