FOUL OF A WATHltSrOUT. The following yarn is told in the Daily Telegraph to 'A Seafarer' by ' his friend the Second Mate ' : — ' The chief mate was a cheerful little Welsh man — God rest his soul! — one ot the most intelligent seamen I was ever as sociated with, with as tender a heart as ever beat under a velvet waistcoat, and eyes so bright that I'd some times think that the redness that ringed them was nothing bat the scorch ing of the skin by the flashing of his gaze. We were very good friends both of a rather poetical turn of mind, no very great rarity amongst seamen, though the conformedly strained man liness of the sailor makes him feel sheepish even to be suspected of a rom&ntic; humour now and fiqafn The skipper hovered about till ten, and then went below. I joined the mate, and we fell to quietly pacing the deck, talking of anything but the weather, and the heat, and the calm, being sick of the things. No, sir ; our conversa tion went to consideration of the sort of times we were to expect at Calcutta, and I was in the midst of telling him that I was thinking seriously of look ing out for a mate's berth aboard a country wallah, where the month's wage sounded tall in the shape of rupees, when he interrupted me by coming all on a sudden to a dead stand, whilst he cried in a tragic voice that was scarce more than a hoarse whisper, pointing with a little arm as he spoke : ' My God, what is that? His forefinger indi cated a space of dusk that lay like an ink- stain upon the night that was dark as the sea-line everywhere else was ; and in the heart of this peculiar murky blotch I observed what looked to me to be two fine lines of name close together, forking out of the sea, and lengthening upwards as one watched with a kind of throbbing pallor whence they proceeded, though this last was very elusive, and noticeable only when the sight went -a little to the right or left of it. ? Hush '.' said I, after straining my hearing a moment, whilst the mate stood watching stockstill, as though spellbound. ' Do you hear it T The noise C meant, which, though very faint, was audible enough amid the pauses of the flapping canvas on high. Think of a kettle boiling in a room next to the one you are seated in, and that will be the character of the noise I beaxd. As I spoke there was a flash of lightning right betwixt the two fine lines of fire, and the wild glare threw ont tbe ponderous folds of a great cloud hanging, like masses of smoke ar rested and pressed down, above those strange and ever growing luminous stalks. 'A waterspout — two of them, it looks like,' cried the mate. ' How does it travel 1 Why, tiy all that's pre cious 1 if its growth signifies its course, it's heading direct for tbe barque.1 His vehement exclamations startled the men who had stowed themselves away about the decks for a nap, and you saw a flitting of dusky figures to the rail, and caught a note of alarm in the half-smothered growl of voices which came along. Saving, always, the swing of the swell, the barque lay as dead on tbe sea as a light ship, not an inch of way on her so that there was nothing possible to be done in the way of manmvring. ' But waterspouts don't shine,' cried I, to the mate. * Yes, yes,' he answered, 'yonder does, anyhow. It is the phosphorus in the water. I have seen such things again and again, glowing as thongh they had got a streak of lightning stowed away in their coiL1 He continued to look ; then, with an oath, he cried out passionately that the appearance was heading for us, and, with a Pound, gained the companion, down which be bolted, returning! after a few breathless moments followed by the captain, who rose out of the hatch like a ghost, habited in his shirt and drawers only. Believe me or not as you will, but what I'm going to tell you is as true as that I who walk by your side now, am a living man. The fire-tinctured stalks, as I will call them, had thickened with incredible rapidity, and looked fire hun dred feet high, distant as they yet were. There was a constant play of lightning over them, sometimes very fierce and brilliant, with sharp cracks of thunder, whose reverberations rolled over the polished undulations of the water with a sound of heavy bowls hurled along a resonant wooden stage. The stagnation around made tbe right as that email rotating lomiuoiis tempest *» wonderful as it was frightful. Every moment heightened the roar of the boil- j ing at its base, and the indescribable t yelling of the circular sweeping of the wind of this narrow tempest Some of the men beat with handspikes furiously upon the scuttle to arouse the watch below. I stood watching, scarce draw ing a breath, captain and mate besides me both silent. Indeed, there was nothing to be done. We might, per haps, have fired agon, bat we hadn't such a thing aboard. The course of the spout' was easily 'toT»'gaffierea''by 'the sharpening of *be mystiool -golden fires which illuminated the revolving columns, and by the whiting upon the right of the bed of foam out of which those vast liquid trunks grew, and by tbe increas ing uproar of the maddened and seething mass of spume and of the thunder blasts over it following each jagged, barbed lightning-stroke with continuous detona tions, comparable only to broadside after broadside delivered from -a four decked line-of-battle ship. The spout came along, slowjy— if a single spout it were — with its two flaming limbs and one dense head «fJ vapour. There was a, bit of none to lie got out of ibis, for. it might break and perish ere it reached us. The captain cried, ' if y God! what shall we dot How fast is it travelling, think you, Mr. Morgan? ' Eight miles in the hour ? bo faster, sir,' croaked the '-pt**, in tbe voice of a man sentenced to deafji. 'It'll be 'aboard us!' roared someone forward suddenly in a panics! way, and the cry was instantly followed by a frantic rush ait of shadows asthe£gureg of the men looked. But the boatswain of the barque, whose tones I recognised, cried out, 'Jump for shelter my lads ! Down with you under deck, or there'll be nee'r a life left to explain what hurt the ship ; ' on which many of the men sprang forward a«inl (he captain., saying nothing, and the mate as finite as I, for the lightning was crackling over our heads now, and the barque was plunging upon the heavy «ea, flung in advance By the commotion, though there was not a breath of air jx*. as I live to tell it, and the Bpout almost within pistol shot! Well, I can only speak of myself now, for what followed was like a horrible nightmare, from which you start -with the blood thick in your veins, without being able to recall a featare of the terror that awoke yon. The mad im pulse one 'got from the sight and sound of the spout, and its' horrible ac companiments of whiteness at foot and blackness overhead, was for shelter, and my first spring was for the com panion, .with a cry to the captain and mate to follow me. I was scarce four steps down when there happened a shock as though an earthquake right under the keel of the barque had torn her into staves. Just for one instant my ear caught the inexpressible hellish clamour of tons of sweeping water, of spars snapping like pipestemps — then wash ; the companion way was filled in i breath, and down I went, swept along and into insensibility by a flood that was a small Niagaga Falls in its way Eor weight Of course I wasn't drowned ; of course I regained conscious ness ; bat that was not so wonderful as that I should have crawled out of tbe cabin like a soaked fleece, a sane man, with every sense taut in him, inst^d of a grinning and gibbering idiot. I gained tbe deck. The night was breath less. No sound came off the ocean, though the horizon hnng black all around as before. It took me awhile to see, and then I observed that the barque was mismasted. The shadow of her deck stretched oat before me — a sheer hulk ! There were rjimrtiR mnrina lio*** a«-4 there. I halloed, and most of them came aft But they were all too stupefied to answer questions ; they mattered in a dazed way. Who was missing! What had happened more than that the barque had been stripped to the condition of a .naked hull was not to be gathered till the dawn came. But before the light broke we had rallied sufficiently to mau the pumps and keep them going Talk of a wreck ! Never did the sun rise npon a more pitiable sight than the barque made ; three jagged stumps -where the lower masts had been; a whole wilderness of wreckage crer the side; bowsprit gone, the whole line of port bulwarks smashed fiat, deck house, galley, lon£ feat, quarter boats-all vanished, Tbe captain and the poor fellow wbo bad been st the wheel were missing, their fate needed no guessing. But we found the body of the mate cruelly bruised and barely distarignialw We as 6 human form, lying under a mass of gear. Weil, to end the yarn, for it's nearly told, we passed three days of des perate pumping, for the vessel took in ?water as though her .bottom had bees a grating, and 'twas pomp or sink, for we were without a boat. But on the morn ing of the fooith day a steamer bore In sight, spied us, and came alongside. She was just in time ; we were mere spectres, with the strength of such things, aod I believe if the next relief of the pomps had been called there would have been no answer.' Wife, one day after marriage— 'So, dear, don't give me any money; I might lose it.' Same wife, one year after marriage— ' I took a £5 note from your pocket-book !**t night, John.' Those wbo contend the channel in our river ha* not been improved by all tbe work done during tie last ten or fifteen years will End support for their argument in the fact that no lea* than three vessels grounded on Tuesday. Still, on consideration of all the cvennuumcea, it will -* seen the state of navigation was not altogether to tuame for the aingalar oceuueiice, and that -otser causes operated. Early in the day came tbe gunboat Gayundah, bringing news of the A.O.S.H. Company's steamer TrngaoiBl being aground at Humbug Island. Facts whiehcame to our knowledge flnrimj 'thetisy Tronld seem to indicate that tbe fog which enveloped the valley of tbe Fitzroy the pre^on* night was responsible for it Such a cause operated in the case of the Taldon, belonging to the same company, which was high and dry just coder No. 2 wall, below Archer1* Craning, _ The Taldora arts —taimi-g to town jui the.ewly imi.. mth ifr* in^igr^it. from the Duke of' Sutherland, and her roaster. Captain Brand, ieing anxious to reach the wharf in good time, steamed along slowly. Die tog was very thick at tie-time, and consequently rt care had to be exercised in navigating channel. Again tbe train of the old proverb ?* Tbe more haste HbB lew speed' was exemplified. Tbe Taldora took the ground on the*and just under Ho.2waU, below Archer's fr'1Ming. and. the tide being very low, re mained there all day. The Curlew was aent down to being up faer passengers, ^uad she landed .them about half-part eleven. ~ Subse quently tbe went to tbe Taldora'* assistance, bnt aH her efforts to tow the steamer pff. were of noAvaQ. It at expected, however,' that at full tide early this morning tbe Taldora would be floated. On top of the news of tire striking of the Tmganini ud Taldora, came |Hf»ipjg^|m» of £ fl^CTiilwr mishap having befallen tbe Borwah. Tbe latter vessel arrived in Ssppel Bay at 1 a~m. on Tuesday, but owing to there not being » sufficient depth ot water in the river, ate was obliged .to anchor until the morning. She renewed her jonmey about naif -fast nine, aad iiad proceeded to within three miles of Lake's Creek, wben aba struck, and all. the ^ff^r** of tbe captain could not get her off. She was expected to reach the wharf between one or two, and a large number o£ footballers, and frieniis of those on board, assembled to meet them. Their dis appointment and disgust when it was learned she would be unable to reach the wharf no til about one or two the next morning, can better beimaginedthaadeBcribed. Themembersofthe Central Queensland Ruby Football Union wbo were present^ were at their wit^s esd to know what to do to bring their un fortunate brother atnletas to (own, as tbe formal reception bad been fixed to take place at lour in tbe afternoon. After consultation with Mr. South, tbe local mana ger for Messes. Howard Smith and Sons, that gentleman telephoned to Lake's Creek and ascertained the position of the vessel. It was thei determined at first to send Messrs. Rnfcherloros' 'bus to fetch them up to toon, bnt a better proposal, as it was thought, sug gested itself, ud it was decided to endeavour to obtain the use of tbe Bteam launch Petrel, in order that all the football team and their belongings might be brought up. Mr. Joseph Patthon, jour., ud Mr. Kirebner. of the firm of Eirchner and Co., were accord ingly interviewed, and they willingly Placed the launch at the disposal n! tbe Union. Mr. Longwortb, another member of tbe firm, also acted very conrbeoualy, leaving business in order to navigate tbe launch. In less than naif an hour the Petrel was under weigh, and soon after four o'clock she had reached the Burwah. A second eantretemjM was found to have occurred on boarding tbe vessel, for tbe footballers— together with thirty orfortyoth-rmale passengers— had been lsnded abreast of tbe vessel, some two hours previously— very soon after she had struck, in fact. Tbe Petrel's bow was accordingly tamed homewards, but on reaching Lake's Creek Messrs. Mathiu (the Hon. 8ec of the Union) and Kavsnagh decided to land to see if they could find any of the miss ing men. They ascertained that a large body of pedestrians bad passed some time previously, and after informing tboae on biard the launch they followed them along the Lake's Creek Road into town. They were fortunate enough to meet a disengaged cab, in which they drove to Hockhnnptoo, but the team had arrived there long before they did. Katurally, tbe Brisbane men were rather surprised at the treatment they had received, but when matters were explained they at once recoguis-d that tbe Union had done everything in their power to minimise the incon* enitnees of tbe disagreeable situa tion in which they bad been placed. 