Race Meetings. V.B.O. AUTUMN EAOES. FIRST DAY-MARCH 3. Tho V.B.C. Autumn Hooting waB bogun on Baturdn |n tho moat propitious circumstances. Tho weathc Vas all that could be desired for a day's racing. Undi these conditions it was not to bo wondered at that tl attendance was very largo; and tho arrangemoni /or tho comfort of tho visitors woro of th usual elaborato description. Tho road from Me fcourno to the racecourse was well watered to keep tb dost fiend in check, and tho drive out; wns thus more ei i joyablo than it would huvo boen hud no such provision bee made. Tho railway tramo was well managed, and thoa who chose this route wera conveyed to th trysting place with quickness and dispatel The performances of the Australian Military Banc under Alberto Zelman, added materially to tho oujoymen of occupants of the grand stand, which was crowded i; every part with gaily attired ladies. Tho vice-iegc Ïarty was in time to witness tho first race, ti i lonry Loch drove down in his well appointei four-in-hand. Among tho party were Lon Carrington, the Duke of Manchester, tho Marquis o Normanby, the Grand Duke Michaeiovitch, andothor die tinguished visitors. The course looked dry and parched I tnt it was good going, as tho times for the various event testified. An excellent programme was provided ; and it ii doubtful whether a botter day's sport was ever witnessed a Flemington. The extraordinary success of Mr. J. White' representatives was, of course, tho feature of tho day Tour races in succession fell to his lot with horses of hi own breeding, and every victory was greeted witl tinging cheers. Hales, who had a muunt in everj xaoe, came in for quito au ovation. He cor tainly ' never shone to greater advantage in th< saddle; while no littlo credit is due to Tom Payten who turned out tho horses in grand condition. Backen seemed quite justified in laying S to 2 on Nelson for thc Essendon Stakes; but he lamentably failed to repeat hit last year's victory, and ho is evidently not the horse he once was. Hales never moved on Carlyon til the homo turn waa reached, when ho gradually gained or Nelson; and, running very namely, began a sorios of sue cesses which has never boen equalled. Lady Betty, Con sequence, and Pearlshell wore each penalised a stono in the Ascot Vale Stakes, and Volley was made favorite, Pearlshell and Wycombe wero tho only others backed. Wycombe was a bit sore, and sweated freely ; but Pearl shell looked blooming, and is destined to make a name for herself. Volley, however, had no difficulty in winning; for the moment Halos callod on her, sho shot out like an arrow, and placed tho lieh stake to the credit of Mr. James White. Pearlshell rau very well, and it was no moan performance to beat Lady Betty and Consequence at even weights. Volley is hy Musket out of Lady Vivian (imp.), by Strathconan, and was brod by Mr. White himself. Thoro wore only five runners for the St. Lo"'or, but it is doubtful whether a moro select lot ever faced a flag for a similar event. Abercorn vas in blooming health, but Foulsham had had somo trouble with Niagara, who has never yot been wound up to concert pitch. Enfilade showed no end of improvement, and Tho Australian Peer WUB very well, ana the party behind him thought ho would verify his spring form, and again beat Aborcorn, but the sequel proved it was wrong in its calculations. Enfilade cut oat tho running and made the pace fast, but ns the field approached tho homo turn, Abercorn, who had been lying last all tho way, bogan slowly but surely to oreep up, and catching Australian Peer, who had supplanted Enfi- lade at the bend, ran homo a clover winner by a length and a half, amid tho ohoors of tho multitude. Moorhouse, who jußt pipped Enfilado on tho post, was third, and Niagara was a iong way bohind, and when ho pulled up it was found that ho was slightly lame. Time, 2min lôjseo, is tho fastest on reoordfor the St. Leger, which Mr. "White has now won threo years in succession, with Matchlock, Trident, and Abercorn. Whon the boll rang for the New- market Handicap 28 runners wero announced, and tho only eoratohingB of noto was tho withdrawal of St. Odille. Contaur kept his position of favorito right up to tho j flag fall ; but for money, C/anbrook was really first favorito ; in fact there was such a run on tho big chestnut that many bookmakers had to close their volumes and ' would write his name no lon cor. The horses were nhonf. n quarter of au hour late at the post, but once fairly in lino Watson gave tho signal to a good start. The colors of Mastor John wero first seen, hut ho soon gave way to Bon Bolt, Lord Allen, Epicurean, Torpedo, and Victim. At the tan crossing Mitrailleuse had forced her way into a good placo, but Victim, in trying to avoid South Melbourne, who had broken a blood vessel, interfered with her and almost knocked her down, and she was lost Bight of. Viotim run very shiftily afterward, and knocked a good many out of it besides Mitrailleuse. Cranbrook's colors hogan to show prominently at tho dis- tance, and gradually drawing away ho won for White his first Newmarket Handicap m brilliant style. From tho half distance Cranbrook simply smothered his field, and nothing oleo had a ghost of a ohanco, so wonderfully fast did ho come. Lord Allen and Vio Um were second and third, only a noak dividing them. With the placed horses out of tho raco, it would have been tho most exciting on record ; for, with the exception of Escutcheon and South Melbourno, who wero at the tail ond, tho field was bunched togother so closely that it was aim OB t impos- sible to assign proper places to any of them. It is worthy of note that Oranbonok, although only a 3 jears-old, not only carried the biggest weight ever homo to victory in a Newmarket Handicap, but ran tho distance in tho fastest time on record, viz., lmin 14£seo. It was indeed a marvellous performance, and stamps Crau- brook as the speediest horse in tho land. Tho Qneen and Centaur wero never dangerous. Tho partisans ct both wero extremely sanguine, and tho bad form they showed is only another instance of that inexplicable mystery whioh lends such a fascination to tho sport. Mr. White's stable had thus furnished tho winners of four races in succession, and it really scorned as if tho spoil would lo unbroken, for backers nevor tired of laying 2 to 1 on Knightsbridge in tho Hopeful Stakob. Thoy were doomed to disappointment, however, for Knights- bridge, in addition to beginning badly, swerved all ovor the course, and he actually flnishod last. A good raco fcctwoon Wyvis and Forest Queen ended in a dead hoat. The decider was run off aftor tho Brunswick Stakes, Forest Queen winning by half a length. Specu- lators again followed Mr. White's fortune in tho Bruns- wick Stakes hy making Lava a favorite, but tho run of luok had been broken, and although she ran woll and finished fourth, nothing had a ohanco with Montor, who, with Mick O'Brien up, carno out at tho distunco and won in . canto« Results : Essoi f lon S tokos, a sweepstakes of 5 SOTS each, 1 ft. with 250 added. Second horso to receive ¿0 and tho third 35 sovs oat of tho stake. Woixht for ago. 1} milo. Hr. Jas. White's b o Carlron, 3yrs (Halos) ... ... 1 Major F. M. George's oh h Nelson, aged (Brown) ... 2 Hr. 8. G. Cook's b h Cyclops, 5yrs (Campbell).3 Botting 15 to 2 on Nelson, 5 to 2 against Carlyon. Kelson was first away and mado tho paco a crocker along the rivorsido, boing tbreo lengths in front of Cyclops and Carlyon, who wore running together. The samo order was maintained until tko homo turn was reaohod, when Carlyon began to movo up, and bofore reaohing tho dis- tance he had drawn level with the favorite, and gradually drawing away Carlyon won a good race by a short length. Cyolops, oight lengths away, was third. Time, 2min xjiBABOoi. vaia atases, a BwuepHumuo ui *v nu»o »ouu, Bit, with 050 added. Tho second horse to rocoivo 130 and the third 65 sovs oun of tho stako. } milo. Hr. Jas. White's b or br f Volley, by Musket-Lady Vivian (Halos).1 J. Kenn na bri Pearlshell (Koan) ... ." ... 2 W. A. Long's oh f Oonsequonce (Gorry) ,., ,., t W. Gannon's b o Wycombe (Powor .,. ,.. T T A/oau neal/. Ofchor starters t Lady Betty (Traban), Sylvostor (Saun uors), and Lord Bundoora (Hull). Botting i 2 to 1 against Volloy, 5 to 1 Wycombo and Consoauonoo. Tho word was given to a good Btart, Lady Botty jumping away first, thon Volloy ana Consequence. Lord Bundoora had snpplantod Volloy, who wns running fourth. At tho tan crossing tho ordor was tho samo, but ontoring tho eourso proper Consoquonco assumed tho load, olosoly followod by Volloy, who wosoomlng wonderfully fast. At the dlstanco Volloy got hor hoad in front, and sho even- tually won by throo lengths from Pearlshell, who was a Similar dlstanoo in front of Wycombo and Connoquonco, Who ran a dead heat for third placo. After tho plncod horses carno Lady Botty and Sylvostor, whilo Lora Bun * door» was last« Ximo, lxnin lOlaoc, PLACED HOUSES IN THE ASCOT VALE STAKES. 1872 King of tho E'g 1873 Lapidisfc 1874 Explosion 1875 Muid of all "Wk 1876 Newminster ... 1877 PirBt King ... 1878 His Lordship... 1879 Petroa 1880 Grand Prix ... 1881 Royal Maid ... 1882 Navigator 1883Archio 188*1 Bargo. 1885 Uralla 1886 Chesham 1887;Hortonso« ... 1888,'volloy Second. Argns Scandal.. Hmo d'Amour.. Discretion Tho Painter ... Rob'sou Crusoe Salisbury Roodee Chesterfield ... Otira. Somerset Boolka Oif Color Tho Broker ... Monto Christo Blairgowrie ... Sumatra Pearlshell Blue Peter Seaspray Gaslight Turno'theTido|: Sybil ... Pluto ... Bosworth. Caractacus P. o'tho Hills... I Darobin Solitude Delusion Sirocco Dunlop P. Augustus .. Bedouin C Consoq'nco* I Wycombe .. I... . Carried 141b penalty. Tho St. lieger Stakes, a sweepstakes of 25 sovs each, 5 ft, with 375 added. Tho second horse to receive 50, and Í tho third 25 sovs ont of the stake. 1} milo and 132yards. Mr. Jas. White's ch o Abercorn (Hales) ... ... 1 W. Gannon's br c Australian Peer (Power) ... 2 W. A. Long'B b c Moorhouso (Gorry) ... ... 3 Other starters ! Enfilade (O'Brien), Niagara (Trahan). Betting : 7 to 4, against Abercorn, 5 to 2 Australian Peer, 4 to 1 Moorhouse, 6 to 1 Enfilade, 10 to 1 Niagara. Enfilade wnB first on his legs, followed by Moorhouse, whilo Abercorn was last to leavo the post. At the distance tho Poer headed Moorhouso, who ran on third, and passing the stand Enfilado led Australian Peer, Moorhouse, and Niagara, whilo Abercorn was still lying last. Along tho rivor stretch Enfilade went further away, and by tho time the bridgo was reached he had thi eo lengths ad vantago of tho Peer, who was pulling Power out of tho saddle, and waa a similur distance in front of Moorhouso and Niagara, who wore locked together. Abercorn was last, but. trradually going up. At tho back, tho order was tho same, but at tho abattoirs Australian Peor had gained n length on Enfilarlo, who was going well. Half a length from Peer carno Niagara, who was clear of Abercorn and Moorhouse. Passing tho sheds there was no alteration to note, and Enfilado lcd round tho turn, Australian Peer next, and Abercorn coming rory fast on tho outside. At the distance Aus- tralian Peer passed Enfilade, but Abercorn, coming with a well-timed run, gained upon the leader inch by inch, and a great rnco ended in favor of Abercorn by a length. Moorhouso, who boat Eufilndo on the post, finished third, whilo Niagara, a long woy oif, was last. Time, 3min 15|¡scc. PLACED HORSES FOE TIIE V.B.C. ST. LEGER. 1872 1873 1874 First. I Hamlet Blue Peter Sea Spray 1875 Molbourno 1876; Eioh mond 18?7!Adelaido 1878 First King 1879 Bosworth 1880i Caspian a m nd Flaneur Commotion Navigator Martini. Henry SiJvor King Matchlock Trident Abercorn 1881 1882 1883 1884 1885 1886 1887 1888 Second. Miss Jessio K. of tho Bing Lapidist Stockbridgo M. of All Workj Sybil Chester Wellington Suwarrow Progress Pell Moll Guesswork Off Color David First Princo Maddelina Australian Peer1 Third. Contesso, Wollomai Golds bro' Bullion Aconite - . Pardon His Lordship Bivalry Darobin Fryingpan Arohie Mozart Bourns Chesham Moorhens Newmarket Handicap, a handicap sweepstakes of 20 sovs oaoh, 10 ft., or 8 sovs with 600 added; tho second horse to receive 100 BOVS. and tho third 50 sovs. out of tho stake. î milo. Mr. Jas. "Whito's ch o Cranbrook, Syrs, 8st 121b (Hales).1 P. T. Heywood's ch o Lord Allon, 3yrs, 7st 41b (M. O'Brien) .2 J. Scobio's h " Vir.tim, aged, 7st 71b (Power) ... 3 Other starters : My Lord 10.8, including 101b penalty (Gorry), Malua 9.12 (King), Acme 9.0 (Boaso), Mozart 9.5 (Rummage), Spade Guinea 9.3 (Norton), Mitrailleuse 8.7 (Kelso), Bon Bolt 8.7 (M'Auliffe), Master John 8.0 (Thomas), Centaur 8.0 (Sanders), Pakeha 7.U (Mooro), Forsaken 7.9 (Martin O'Brien) j Epicurean (Fielder), Boz (Brown), Sumatra 7.8 (Beioo) ; The Quoen 7.7 (G. Gonub), Chicago 7.0 (Maybin), Charmor 7.5 (Huxley), Escut»heon 7.4 (Cox), Casuist 7.2 (Campbell), Dick Swivollo 7.1 (Tom- lin), Pomona 0.11 (Fountain), Louise Berta 6.10 (Tatty) ; South Mclbc#rne (O'Keofo), Torpedo (Cracknoll), Tabard 0.7 (McDonald). Betting : 7 to 1 against Centaur, 8 to 1 Cranbrook, 10 to 1 Lord Allen and Mitrailleuse, 12 to 1 Mozart, 14 to 1 Tho Quoen, Victim, and Torpedo, 15 to 1 Chicago, 25 to 1 Tho Charmer. After a quarter of an hour's delay, tho racehorses woro marshalled at tho post, and after a row falso atartfa, tho flag dropped to a good start. Maf ter John was tho first to jump away with Torpedo, Lord Allen, Pomona, Mitrail- leuse, Bon Bolt, Mozart, My Lord, and Cranbrook in cl os o order. "When the rails wero reached, Bon Bolt bad run to tho head of affairs, with Mitraillouse in closo attendance, and followed by Victim, My Lord, Lord Al'on, Boz, and Cranbrook. At tho tan Victim and The Charmer appeared prominently in tho van, but at the distanco Cranbrook, in tho middle of tho courso, was forging hiB way to the front, ana in a few yarda he assumed a load, and Hales giving him his hoad. Cranbrook won in a cantor by threo lengths. Lord Allen was second, a length and a half in front of Viotim. Succeeding tho placed horses were Epicurean, Boz, Chi. cago, South Molbourno, and The Charmer ; while Es- cutcheon was last on passing the post. Time, lmin 14£seo ; quickest on record. PLACED HOBBES FOB THE NEWMARKET HANDICAP. I Yr. First. 1875'Calumny, 8at 1876 Sultan, 8st 101b 1877|Tom Kirk,7st 51b 1878 Lady Ellon, Gat Sib 1879 Diomod, 7at 1880;Asnon, 6s181b 1881 Aspen, 7st 81b 1882 Hyaointb, 7st Clb 1883 Tyropoan, 7st 41b 1884 Malua, 8st 71b 1885 Coronet, 7st 1886 WilliainToll,8flt 61b 1887 Lochiel, 8st j 1888, Cranbrook, 8stl21b Second. Barmaid Poodle Metoor Fisherman Tocal Japan Waterford Euclid. Colstoun Lo Grand Middlomarch Silvermine Abner Lord Allen Third. Kettledrum Nowbold D. Alphonso Saiph Leigh Lo Loup His Lordship Terrific Larpont Transferred Claptrap Shoot Anohor Napier Lando Victim m.s. 1.18 1.171 1.10} 1.18 1.161 1.181 1.16f 1.16t 1.16} 1.15} 1.191 1.17 1.15} L144 The Hopoful Strikes, a Bwcopatakos of 5 BOTS, eaoh, 1 ft., with 200 added. Second horse to receive 40 and tho third 20 sovs. oat of tho stako. 6 furlongs. ¡ Mr. H. SmitU'Bb oWyvia (Gallagher)... ... ... f A. E. Blackwood sb f Forest Queen (Campbell) ... t I W. T. Jones'sb c Impetus (Ettridgo) ... ... 3 i Other startors : Knightsbridge (Halos), Precedence (Moffat). Betting: 2 to 1 on Knightsbridge, 4 toi against Impetus, 5 to 1 WyviB. Wyvis was first on hU logs, followed by Knightsbridge and Precedence At tho tan Wyvis was still in tho load, biit Knightsbridge was running unkindly, wollbaok to last place Entering tho course Wy vis and For os t Queen wore al- most togotlior, and from tho distanoo a rattling race eu sued botwoon thom, Forest Queen just getting up to Wyvis on tho post and making n dead heat of it. Impetus was a good third, Proccdonco fourth, Knightsbridge last. Time, lmint^soo. In tho run-off of tho Hopoful Stakos Forost Queen won by half a length. Brunswick Stakes, n handicap sweepstakes of 5 SOVH each, 1 ft., with 850 nddod. Socond horBO to rocoivo70 and tho third 85 sovs out|of|tho stako. For 3-yoars-old and upward, li milo. Mr. D. S. Wallace's h o Mentor, 3 yrs (O'Brion) ... 1 S. G. Cook's oh g Tho Yeoman, 4 yrs (Campboll) ... 2 E. Mitcho'son'B br o Esoutoheou, 8 yrs (Cox) ... 3 Other startors i Yollow Jacket (Gorry), Tho Nun (Mooro), Bt. Odlilo (Ettridgo), Morok (Traban), Dainty (Hodgson), Lava (Halos), Ravensworth (Pheonix), Bag. mon (Richmond), Kinir of Gipsios (Fiddofl), Lord Allon (Power), Nectarino (Tomlin), Pantomino (Fielder), Baron 'Neckar (Brennan), Dansouoo (Howio), Loyalist (King),I Betting: 8 to 1 against Lava and Lord Allen, 7 to 1 Montor, 10 to 1 Yeoman and Esoutckoon,15to 1 Danseuse. Ravensworth and Loyalist woro tho first to tako advantage of a good start, followed by Bare n Neckar arid Escutcheon. At tho back of the course St. Odille ran up to tho leaders, whilo Nectarine had fallen away last. At the abattoirs Tba Nun hold a slight lead of St. Odilie, Escutcheon, and Yeoman, Turning into tho straight Et-cutcbeon and Yeoman wero together, and Montor on ibo rails was coming fast, and after the distance bogot on torms, winning easily by two lengths. A nook separated second and third, Lava fourth, Lord Allon 5th, whilo Nectarine and King of Gipsios were last. Time, 2min 8èsec, SECOND DAT-MAIICU 6. Tho V.E.C. was again fortunato in having fine weather for Australian Cup day. lt rained in the oarly morning, but cleared off toward noon; and although thero was alight shower just beforo the great race, it was not enough to lay tho dust, which blow about in clouds during tho after- noon. Tho number of spectators was quite up to tho aver- age, and there was a huge party from Government House, composed of Sir Henry Loch, Lord Carrington, Marquis of Normanby, Duko of Manchester, and other guests. Tho Australian Mi,itary Band was stationed on the lawn, nnd played a woll-seleoted programme of popular music. Mr. Watson was very successful with tho flag, and commend- able punctiality was observed in dispatching the several holds. Tho success of Mr. Jamos White's colora in tho Australian Cup was greeted with enthusiastic cheers, which wore shared by Tom Hales, tho victorious jockey. Cnrlyon was well backed, and the ring lost to a pi etty good tune. Tho proceedings began with tho Maiden Stakes, and Lord Allen had shown such good form in tho Newmarket Handicap that he was elected favorite, not mo e than 5 to 4 being forthcoming when the flag dropped. TheQueeu was tho only othor startor backed: but 6 to 2 was always obtainable. Mr. Mayo hud tho satisfaction of seeing her win; but the victory cannot be regarded as a compensation for her many previous defeats. Tho daughter of Drummer simply won as she liked.andaltogothor upsot the form in tho Newmarket Handicap, in which sho was nevor prominent. Betting on the Sires* Produce Stakes was confined to Lonsdale, Volley, and Pearlshell, and backers seemed undecided which to roako a favorite. Tho three wore heavily backed by their respectivo partisans, but at tho close, weight of money brought tho Maribyrnong Plato winner into most favor and ho started at 2 to 1. The moment tho flag dropped, however, the race was never in doubt, for Volley made every post a winning one, and ultimately cantered in three lengths in front of Lonsdale Notwithstanding that Pearlshell carried a stone lesa than on Saturday, she was badly beaten, and her form is inexplicable, as she seemed fit to run for a man's life. Tho reBult was another triumph for Mr. Whito's colors, and tho vlotory was very popular. It was a sterling per- formance, and places Volley on the topmost branch of the 2-yoars-old treo. Tho Hurdle Race was a pretty contest all the way, the field running in close com pany until entering tho straight tno last timo rouna, wnen tho greatly impi ovtid Leporelo had no difficulty in boating the favorite, Buoy, who ran well under the heavy weight. Yarraman lost his rider at the second fence from homo, but he waB not hurt. Afield of lour teen weighed out for the Australian Cm , aud up to timo forstaitiug drlyou maintained his posit! n as favorite at 3 to 1. Arsenal was in blooming condition, and Mr. Gannon was vet y fond of his chance. Malua was reported to bo botter than he was whou in 1886 ho was declared winner of this race, and tho Ballarat party wore very sweet on Oakleigh ¡ whilo Mr. Long thought ho had a good tbing in Moorhouse. Tho race requires very little description, for tho favorite made ail the running ; and, btalling off Arsenal's bri.liant run, Mr. White's colt won all out "by haifa length. Dick Swivollor, who finished third, ran a good horso all the way, and was only beaten half a head for second place, whilo he, in turn, was only a head in front of Enfilado; who, at the dis- tance, was at Caribou's quarters, but ho could not sustain tho eilort, and died away again, but was only just beuton out of a placo. Arsenal, who Boemod out of it at the turn, came with a magnificent rush in the straight, and at tho finish ho was running ovor ovcrythin , but ho was too Into to eaton Carlyon. Had tower brought him out a little sooner it is just possible that Arson il would have credited Mr. Gannon with tho stake. Oakleigh waa never prominent, nor was Moor houao, bat A "uso finished close up to the leaders. Halos wan loudly cbcored as ho returned to scale, and Mr. White was congratulated on the possession of Buoh a lino colt as Carlyon, who, by-tbo-by, is tho only one of Chester's progeny which has ever run successfully over two miles and a quarter course. Carlyon is a full brother tu Uralla, by Chester, from Moonstone, and BO far has proved him self the best stayer of the family. A field ot' fivo contested the Fublio Auction Stakes ; Dividend leaving tho paddock at 5 to 4. Faugh-a- ballagh and tho favorite dashed off at a tremendous pace, and by tho time they reached tho dis- tance tbey had run themselves to a standstill, and Dexter had no difficulty in winning, Tho winner was bought in for £160. Dividend's running was deemed suspicious, and Davis, who rode tho horso, was imme- diately culled beforo tho stewards; but his explanation eatisfiod thom, and nothing was dono. Nothing but Chicago would go down in tho Bourke Handicap, and at last it was hard to obtain 2 to 1. Lt was a caso of touch aud go, however ; for after a Bpleudid race ho only succeeded in beating Acme by a head. Ac m o was actually in front at the distance, but the weight told in tho laBt few yards and Chicago was juBt able to squoozo home. Centaur was bailly kioknd at the poBt, and his chance completely spoiled. He was bleeding profusoly when ho roturned to tho weighing yard. EesultB : Maiden Stakes, a sweepstakes of 5 sovs ea< h, 1ft, with 200 added. Second horso to roceivo 40 and tho third 20 sovs out of the stako. 1} milo. Mr. J. Mayo's b m Tho Queen, 4yrs (C. Gough) ... 1 P. T. Heywood's ch o Lord Allen, Syrs (O'Brien)... 2 J. B. Clarke's blk or br o Bolingbroke 3yra (Turner) 3 Other starters : Pakeha (Mooro),Pantomimo (Morrison), Bott mg : 5 to 4 against Lord Allen, 5 to 2 The Queon. Pakeha was first away, foLowed by Pantomime, while Tho Queon dwelt at the post. At the bridge Pantomimo took tho load, and at tho abattoirs ho was throe lengths in front of Bolingbroke. Thou carno Pakeha and Tho Queen, with L<<rd Allen last. Turning into the straight. The Queen showed slightly in ad vaneo of Lord Allen, who came Tory fast, t ilt his effort was futile, as Tho Queen won in a canter by two lengths, four lengths bo twoon second and third, Pakeha fourth, Patomimo last. Timo, 2min 10sec. Tho V.B.C. (SiroB') Produce Stakes of 10 sovs oaoh, h ft, 2i BOTS only if declared, with 250 added, and 700 subscribed hy owners of sires. For 2-yeais- old3-colts 8st 101b, fillies 8st 71b. Tho nominator of tho siro of the winner to roceivo 100 SOTS out of the stake, tho breeder of tho winner to ror-eivo 100 BOTS out of tho stake, and tho second horso to receive 10 per cont, on tho gross amount of the stako. (131 subs.) i mile. Mr. J. "Whito's br f Volloy, by Musket-Lady Vivian (Hales).1 Mr. J. Wil8on'i, jun., br o Lonsdolo (Mooro) ... ... 2 W. Cooper's oh f Lady Botty (Trahan) ... ... 3 Othor starters > Sylvestor (Anwin), Pearlsholl (Kean). Betting : 7 to 4 against Lonsdale, 6 to 2 Pearlshell. 3 to 1 Vollov. Volley jumped away slightly in advancoof Pearlshell and Lonsdale, and tho tame order was maintainod to the tan orossing, but at the distance Volloy cloared ont, and waa never afterward troubled ¡ winning in a common cantor by throe lengths. Lady Betty boat PearlBholl for third placo by five longthB, and Sylvestor was a bad lost. Time, lrnin lbfseo. Hurdlo Race, a handicap swoepstakos of 5 sovs, cnoh, 1 ft, with 250 addod. Second horso to roooivo 50 and tho third 25 sovs out of the stako. About 2\ milos. Mr. S. Nathan's b h Leporello, Oy TB (King) ... ... 1 W. Y. Bryant's br m Ruby, aged (Scobio) ... 2 W. Moffafs b g Ocean, aged (ForgiiBon) ... ... 3 Other starters: Leroy (Allon), yarraman (Holmes), Karuma (Chaston). Botting: 7 to 4 against Ruby, 7 to 2 Leporello, 4 to 1 Loroy, 6 to 1 Yarraman. When thoy had Bettlod down Ruby took tho load, attended by Ocean, Karuma, and Loporollo, with Yarta man last. At the back of tho course Karuma took up tho running mid lcd to tho sheds, tho others hoing bunched. Turning into tho Btt nivht nnd past tho stand tho order was tho Bnmo, but up tho riverside Ruby led Ocean and Karuma. At tho abattoirs Ruby was still loading, but gave place to Karuma at tho Bhods. At tho turn into tho straight Ruby, Karuma, and Leporello wore together, but Loporol o came out full of running at tho last fence, nnd ran homo an easy wlunor by flvo lengths, thoro hoing two longths botweon second and third. Loroy was fourth, Karuma fifth. Yarraman lost his ridor at tho second last fonco. Time, ßinin 12seo. AuBtralia* Cup, a handicap sweepstakes of 20 HOVB oaoh, 10 ft, or 5 BOYS only if doclarod, with 1000 added, Tho Bocond horso to rocoivo 200 BOYS, and tho third 100 so va out of tho stake. 2} miles. Mr. Jas. Whito's b o Carlyon, by Chestor-Moonstone, 3yrs, 8st 21b (Hales) . .1 W. Gannon's br h Arsenal, 5yrg, 8st 101b (Power) ... 2 Husband and Nicholl'a b c Dick Bwivoller, Syrs, 6st 131b (Tomlin).3 Betting : 3 to 1 Carlyon, G to 1 Entilado, Oakleigh and Arsenal, 8 to 1 Moorhouse, 12 to 1 Cyclops, 20 to 1 Malua, Bon Bolt, and Dick Swivellor. Other ttirters : Nelßon, 9.12 (Brown) ¡ Malua, 9.9 (King); Arsenal, 8.10 (Power); Austialian Peer, 8.9 (Williams); Niagara, 8.6 (Traban); Oakleigh, 8.Ö (Saunders); Bon Bolt, 8.0 (M'Auliilo); Moovhouso, 8, including 7ib penalty (Gorry); Enfilade, 7.11 (O'Brien); Cyclops, 7.4 (Campbell); Abuse, 7.2, including 71b penalty (Cracknell); KD., 6.10 O'Keofe). After two false Btarts the flag fell to a good start« Carlyon, Oakleigh, and Dick bwivoller wore tho iii St on their legs, but of tor noing a Rhort distance Malua appoar ed at tho hoad of affairs, attended by Dick Swivellor, Abuso, Carlyon, Oakleigh, and Niagara, while Enfilade was last. Ab the Hhods Abuse took up the running, Carlyon bein* third; but at tho bend Carlyon was again in front, followed by E.D., Dick B wi veil er and Nolson, while Enfilado was still lost. Carlyon led into the straight, and on passing tho stand the first time tho order was Car« lyon, E.D., Dick Swivellor, Arsenal, Moorhouse, Malua, Oakleigh, whipped in by Enfilade, Along tho river the order was the same, except that Moor- house had run iuto third placo. Carlyon led the field along at a good pace, and nt the bridge was a length iu front of E.D., followed by Arsenal, Moorhouse, Dick Swivellor, Abuso, Malua, and Nelson. At the sb o Ju Carlyon waa two longths cloar of ED, wbosrj nearest followers wero Oakleigh, Abuso, Dick Swivellor, and Moorhouse. Approaching tho turu into the straight Enfilade began to improve his position, and at the turn ho was lying fourth, close behind Carlyon, Abuse, and Dick Bwivoller. At the distance Carlyon was still in front, with Enfilade at bia quarters ; but Enfilado again died away, and a groat race home re- sulted in favor of Carlyon by half a length from Arsenal, who came up the straight with a tremen- dous run, but could not got quite up. Dick Swiveller was third, half a length behind Arsenal, while Enfilade was fourth, a similar distance behind Dick Swiveller. Thea carno Abuse, Cyclops, Oakleigh, E.D., Nelson. Bon Bolt, Moorhouso, Australian Poer, and Malua, with Niagara last. Time, 4min 5sec. PLACED HORSES FOR THE AUSTRALIAN CUP. 1872 1873 1874 1875 1876 1877 1878 1879 1880 1881 1882 1883 1884 First. 'Saladin, 7.8 "Warrior, 8 Protos, 7.5 Lurline, 8.1 Bicbinond, 7.13 Sybil, 6.12 First King, 8.5 Savanaka, 7.10 Columbus, 8 First Water, 7.7 Pollio, 6.7 Navigator, 8.3 Morpeth 8.5 1885 Ringwood, 7.13 ]886;Malna, 9.9 1887,Trident. 8.7 1888 Carlyon, 8.2 Second. Flying Dutch man Nimblefoot Mentor Wollomai Imperial Calamia Swivellor Bosworth Potrea Sweetmeat Wellington Willeroo Swcot William Sheet Anohor Cerise nndBluo Nelson Arsenal Third. Mermaid Bluo Peter After Dark Benjiroo Feu d'Artiflco Vibration Pardon Swiveller Zambesi Progress Sweet William Guesswork Le Grand Stornoway First Prince All Gold Dick Swivellor * Saladin won after two dead heats with Flying Dutch« man. Public Auction Stakes, a sweepstakes of 3 SOTS each, lft. with 200 added. 1 mile. Mr. G. Davis's b h Dexter, nil, <iyrs (Williams) ... I S. G.* Cook's br h Dividend, nil, 4yrs (DaTis) ... 2f H. Oxenbam's b g Faugh- a-Ballagh, nil, Oyrs (Delaney) ... ... ... ... ... S Othor startors: King of tho Gipsios (Fideles), Childe Uar old (Fie). Betting i 5 to 4 against Dividend, 3 to 1 Childe Harold, 4 to 1 Dexter. Dividend and Fnugh-a-BaHnnh cleared out from tho field and soon established a lon'/ lead, Childe Harold lying last« Dividend led into tho straight, followed by Faugh-a« Ballagb. Dexter at tho distance caught Dividend, and lasting longest, won by half a length, two lengths betweoa second and third, Childe Harold fourth, King of Gipsios last. Time, lmin 45iaoc. Tho Bourko Handicap, a handicap sweepstakes of 5 sovs. each, 1 ft, with 300 added; second horse to receive 60, and the third 30 sova out of tho stake. 7 furlongs. Mr. M. O'ShanasBy's br h Chicago, 4yrs, 7st 101b J. White's br m Aoine, 4yrs, 9st 71b (Hales).2 E. Mitchelson's br o Escutcheon, 3yrs, 7st Sib (Hughes) .8 Othor starters were : Mozart, 0.5 (O'Brien) ; Yollovt Jucket, 8.10 (Gorry) ; St. Odiilo, 8.6 (Ettridge) ; Chenbam, 8,4 (Hodgson); Centaur, 8,3 (Saunders) ; Box, 7.11 (Brown); Solo, 7.0 (Morrison) ; Charmer, 7.5 (Campbell) ; Violet, 7.4 (Crebor); Torpedo, 6.10 (Cracknell); Gift, 6.7 (Debney). Bet ting : 2 to 1 against Cuicago, 5 to 1 St. Odille, 7 to I Escutcheon, 8 to 1 Torpedo and Tho Gift, 10 to 1 Acme. Mozart jumped away, but immediately gare way to St« Odiilo, who was attended by The Gift ond The Charmer. Afc tbe sheds St. Odille had a thrco lengths lr ad of The Gift, The Charmer, and Aomo, but at tbo turn for home St. Odille was beaten and uavo plane to Chicago; wbo, coming with a groat rush, just beat Acme by a bead, half a length botweon BOCO nd und third. Timo, lmin 29sec. I 