HAMLET, PRINCE OF DENMARK. The following is the conclusion of the paper read by Dr. Quick at the meeting of the Shakes ' peare Society on Friday night:- . . Down-goes the record of his oath in his note book, and he -passes ' from ''that terrible interview sworn and pledged : up to the hut to sweep to his . revenge. Now, Wamlet, lias a mission and ; a duty to per form, for which he must live and bi'ace himself to action. Returning to his, .friends, ;Horatio and Bernardo; we find, however,'that he first .equivocates as to what ho has heard.from the ghost-; he next suggests that they .'should shake Hands and part, and says that. he would go to pray. Then' lie compels them to swear that they .will-make known -what they had seen that night,- ami informs them that hereafter lie would put. on-." au antick disposition " . toj deceive tue enemies, whom, he determines to cireiimvent, ^n«lie\vinds up tho.conversation with a~ lament .raUiei- strange in the mouth of one, about enter ing on enterprise of great pith and-moment. Tu.'ln'ils outof joint; 0 ! cursed spite. At , 1 c,vt>r 1'lVita born to sot'it rifrht.'' Already the native hue of resolution is sickled . r falecastof thought j After this Hamlet disappears -from our view for a brief 1-?T^ b",^ we a.r? ^ wcl1 informed about lus proceedings, which become wild and erratic -causing .much;,anxiety to, his friends. For. 'a short time prior, to the visitation of his father's sPlF.lt. ""''"cfc, i,t appears, had shown a dis position to fall'in love -with Ophelia, the daughter of Polonius and sister of Laertes. He may have beeri trifling and toying with Ophelia to while away hi* idle hours or drown his melancholy thoughts, as her brother and father suspected;. but at any rate his presents and remembrances , to Ophelia, accompanied bv importnurttok-TCords, holy vows of love anil endearment, of such honeyed ;* sweetness, that made the gifts more rich and significant, created in the > breast of Ophelia the sacred flame. But being warned by her father tliat Hanllet was perhaps not honorable, and that she was too far below his station to expect marriage from him, she meekly promises to obey her father, and in future to decline Hamlet's preferred addresses. Not only that; she becomes tale-bearer of Hamlet's confidences to lier father. This latter part performed by Ophelia is, of course, any thing but creditable. It is then through lier that-we hear of the: strange appearance of Hamlet to her on one occasion, which frightened alinost'her out of.lier wits.' Ophelia : My lord as I was coming from my chamber, Lord Hamlet with his doublet all unbrae'd, / No hat upon his head, his stockings foul'd, " Ungarter^d and down- gyved to his ancle ; -Pale as his shirt, his knees knocking each ether, And with a look so piteous in purport, . As if he had bom'loosed out of hell, . To speak of horrors-he comes before me. Now what is the meaning of this irrotcsque ex hibition which Hamlet thus made of himself? I, think that Hamlet was in this as in other scenes that followed, carefully playing a rehearsed part, ''The antick disposition" before referred to, which he said he would assume als a part of his plan to ascertain thetrnth of the vision im parted to him. In this as in a subsequent in terview with Ophelia, he conducts himself in a .manner; and for a purpose which is absolutely misrepresented on stage performances. It is impossible that a gallant soldier and an ac complished gentlemen like Hamlet would wantonly and without rhyme or reason tr at Ophelia with harshness and asperity; that-he would rebuke her, and insult lier and tell her to go to a nunnery; etc., etc. Charles Lamb . appears to have discovered the true and ouly explanation of this passage.in H-imlet s doings. These tokens of au uuhinged mind he describes as a profound a rtiliceof love, to alienate Ophelia by affccted discourtesies, so to prepare her mind for the breaking off of that loving intercourse, which can no longer find a place amidst business so serious that Which lie luis'to do,"these are parts of his character, which T;o reconcile with onr 'admiration of Hamlet, the ino3t patent consideration of his situation is no .more than,necessary, they, are what we forgive afterwards, and explain by the whole of his character, but at the time they are liurah and unpleasant. ^ "The truth is," continues Charles Lamb, that in all such deep affections as had subsisted between Hamlet and Ophelia, there is a stock of superogiitory love (if I may-venture to use the expression), which in any great grief of; heart, especially ? where that which preys upon the mind cannot be com -niunieated,"!-confers - a- -kind . of indulgence upon the- grieved party to express itself even to its heart's dearest object in the language of a temporary alienation, it is a distraction purely, and so it always makes itself to be felt by that object; it is not anger, but grief assuming the appearance of anger- -love awkwardly counter feiting hate, as sweet countenances when they try to frown." We pass from the relationship of Hamlet with Ophelia, which the Queen her self would have gladly seen consummated by marriage to other events that culmination of the tragedy. That keen observer, King Claudius, has discovered, or at least suspeits, that there is something in Hamlet's transformation different from the exterior and inward man, something which neither his father's death; nor his mother's Ver hasty marriage, fully accounts, and the scheme is adopted of sending for .liis friends Iiosehcraritz and Guildenstern that they might peradventure draw him on to plea sures and glean " whether aught to us unknown afflicts him thus." Old Polonius, whom Ham let sneers at as that "great baby, not yet out his swathirig-elouts," reports that Hamlet's supposed distemper is madness, caused by're pulsed love for Ophelia, and he further throws some light on Hamlet's habits by the statement that he sometimes walks for hours together in the lobby of the palace. The queen, too, sees tire " poor wretch " wandering abuut reading a book. Then comes the famous interview and dialogue of Hamlet and Ro3cncrantz and Guil dienstern, and the memorable assurance which lie gives them, " 1 am but mad, north, north west ; when the wind is southerly I know a hawk from a handsaw.' The introduction of the trage dians from the citj to beguile the supposed dis tempered prince is a pleasant device of Rosen crautz and Guildenstern, and in the midst of doubt and hesitation on the part of Hamlet, as to tlie best cou se of action to adopt, the play ers are welcomed by their old patrons as a -means of testing the truth of the information and suspicion which lies so heavily on his sou'. Having made arrangements with them to play V-The-Murder of Gonzigo," in the presence of king and queen, iu which was, to be re-enacted the scene of his father's murder whilst sleeping in his orchard, he temporarily dismisses them" Now he is once more alone, and he indulges in one of those soliloquies wherein we see the doubts and vaccilations of his mind. He con trasts his own irresolution, delay and negation of. action, in this great crisis witlf the earnestness;' the passions, the distraction and the tears displayed by the players iu his rehearsal of a fiction and a dream with his own want of capacity to "sweep to his revenge." In the agony of his.distress.hc denounces him self as a rogueand a peasant slave,a dull, muddy, mettled rased. A,John-a- dreams; he felt that hc\was not sufficiently pregnant of his cause, that he could say nothing, no, not for a king. ' his father, upon whose property an-l liyjsfc dear life a damned defeat was made. Ho upbraids himself with being a coward; with being pigeon liveicd and lacking gall to make oppression bitter or ero this, (he sa3's) : I should have fatted all the region Bites With this slave's offal. Blooiy, bawdy villain. Remorseless, tre cherous, ltchjrous, kindless villain O. Vengeance! Why what an ass am I!_, Ay, Bure this is most brave; That I, the son of a dear father murJerel. Pronip'ed t:i my revenge by heaven and hall. Must, like a bawd, unpack my heart with words And fall a-c irsinpf, like a very drab. What awful words are these and what a whirlwind of passion and remorse eareerin" within do they afford a glimpse of! There are no ravings of a madman here; his lightning denun ciations and his thunder-clap curses indicate that they proceed from the depths and founda tions of a mighty intellectual laboratory; tumiil turifl.3, though not uncontrollable, but capable of steady regulation. Note how s-xm the .storm is followed by a calm, and Ilauilet begins to reason out his scheme to cause the players to enact something like the murder of his father before his uncle. He has heard that guilty creatures sitting at a play have by the cunning of the scenc been struck to the soul, and confessed their malefactions. Next lie begins to justify his procrastination as wise and prudent. The spirit that I have seen May bethedevil and the devil hath power To ,iv nine a pleasing shape; yea' and perhaps, Out of'my weakness, and my melancholy Ashe, very potent with such snirits Abuses me to damn me; I'll have grounds More relative than this. Here we see that he attempts to apologise for his delay by suggesting a doubt as to whether the vision of his father's gho.it might not have been a deception of the evil one to lure him on to destruction, or as to whether it might not have been some horrible phantasy of the mind and the heat oppressed brain. lie must have better grounds, better evidence of his uncle's guilt before he will assume the part of a minister of vengeance. Then he eigerly clutches at his scheme of tho players at the best stratagem liy which he may test and cxtch .the conscience of the king. In the second act, prior to his interview with Ophelia and the play secne, we hear him, as ho creeps along the corridors of the palace, mut tering to himself in calm, deliberate tones, that great wold-evil and meditation-on- suicide soliloquy, beginning To be or not to be, that is.the que3tion. . With him once more death was a consumma tion, devoutly to be wished. ? A bare bodkin mi.^ht give him the quietus, and who would stand' the :fardols of life and the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune but that tho,dread of something after" death, the thought of that Undiscovered country, from whose bourne no' traveller returns, puzzled the will.; | Thus conscience doth make coward s of us all, And thus the native hue of resolution , , sickle'd o'er with the pale cast of thought. What an unmanly and vaccillating view to take of life and its solemn enterprises ! To look to self-destruction as a loophole through which to escape tho obligations of one's situ-: ation, and to fear even to sneak to death, the .coward's refugo for tho. appehension of some thing thereafter'' What a cunning hut low calculation of chances and balance of evils? How unlike a hero, in, the.world's great battle does Hamlet appear iu this soliloquy? He is rather more like a craven deserter attempting to'fly from the enemy and escape the field of action. There'is one passage in this noted soliloquy to which I desire to draw special attention - as containing a curious contradiction; of : Hamlet's own personal experience. -He. refers with awe to the undis covered country from whose bourne no traveller returns. , And yet ho himself could testify that he _ hml seen and conversed with a ghostly. visitant .which, had .burst tlid.ponderous 'and marble jaws of the sepulchre in'which it had, been hearsed in death. It would appear there fore, that in this respect there is a great dis crepancy between his speech and his actual observation. But pas3 on to the play of "The Murder of Gbniago;" in the presence 'of the King and Queen; and observe the guilty con sternation of Claudius and his hasty retreat from the play-room upon seeing his own treacherous assassination of his brother re enacted before his eyes. Now, Hamlet believes that lie has. obtained positive proof of his suspicion, and in the witching hour of midnight which he associates with yawning church-yards and hell belching foi th contagions, he storms and raves to himself and declares to himself that he could drink hot blood, and do such bitter business as the day would quake to look upon.- But he still does nothing. . A few moments later whilst on his way to his mother's room, he sees the king kneeling at prayer. Now he says to himself he might perform the deed and kill the villain whilst he is praying, but no; that might be send ing him to heaven, it might be hire and salary, not revenge. He prefers to wait for another occasion when he may find the murderer engaged in gaming, swearing, drinkiug,sleeping orabout some act that has " ho relish of salvation" in it; then he will trip the wretch so that his heels may kick at heaven, and his soul may be damned and black as hell. Such is Hamlet's reason ing, aud so his procrastination goes on creeping in its petty pace from hour to hour, from day to day, whilst the thief of time is stealing his precious opportunities, and Claudius, his arch-enemy, and a man of swift decision and equally as swift action, is making arrangements for Hamlet's transformation to England, on tho ground that lie is a lunatic anil dangerous to the state. But Claudius knows well enough that Hamlet is not mad. He says so to Polonius after witnessing Ham let's interview with Ophelia. Though what Hamlet spoke it lacked from a little, Claudius says it was not like madness. There's .something iii his soul, o'er which his melancholy sits in brood. . The acci dental killing of Polonius by Hamlet, whilst the old courtier was eaves dropping behind the arras, precipitates the accomplishment of tho king's plan to send Hamlet to England with secret instructions that he should be there murdered and put out of the way. And Hamlet goes away with Roscncrautz and Guild .enstern quietly, and without even a protest. On the road to the place of emharkment he meets the soldiers of brave young Fortinbras, who is on the march through Denmark to. fight the Poles for the honor and glory of his country. Once more he is pulled up, and once more h« reasons with and upbraids himself,.and contrasts liis besiial oblivion and craven scruples with this army full of vigor and action, led by a delicate and tender prince, who, fired by divine ambition, dared fortune, death and danger merely to gain a little patch of ground not worth five ducats that would give 110 protit to the conqueror-nothing but the name ! Ah, a good name and the conscience of having par formed a duty was a prize which, in tho estima tion of this delicate, young and tender prince, was worth fighting for, even at the canon's, mouth. How, then, stood Hamlet in this self comparison aud self-audit ? His father was killed, his mother stained, his own honor was at stake, and yet he confessed to his shame that he had allowed all these excitements aud great arguments sleep on. Then he again spurs his lagging spirit as he had frequently done before. Oh ! from this time forth 1 My thoughts be bloody or be nothing worth. Notwithstanding this fresh resolution he goes on his way to the bark that was ready to carry him to England. We need not dwell at length on the death of Ophelia and tho re bellion of Laertes, but hurry on to notice the incongruities which conspire to bring about the tragic denouement. First comes Hamlet's sudden and more strange return from his sea voyage, as to which his own explanation in his letter to Horatio is shortest aud best-" Ere we were too days old at sea a pirate gave ns chase " Finding ourselves too slow of sail we put on a compelled valour. In tho grapple I boarded them 011 the instant they got clear of our ship, so I alone became their prisoner. "Re pair thou to me." Hamlet is found by Horatio and on their way back to Elsinoro they wander through the churchyard aud witness the sad burial of Ophelia. King Claudius mean while having heard of Hamlet's escape, devises another plot for his death, this time with the privity of Laertes, tho outraged son of I'olonius. The king lays a wager of six Barbary horses against six French swords, that in a dozen passes with foils between Hamlet and Laertes, Laertes will list hit Hainiet more than thrice, and it is arranged that the sword to be U3ed by Laertes shall be tipped with poison, so as to cause cer tain death, and that should Hamlet cull for a drink during the contest he is to be given a sip from the deadly contents of a convenient chalice. Hamlet, anxious to show that he bears 110 ill will towards Laertes, accepts the challenge, but not without some gloomy forebodings. He as sures his friend Horatio, that he will win the wager, but complains-" how ills all hereabout my heart," " but no, no matter," he says, "There's a special Providence in tho fall of a sparrow. If it be now, 'tis not , to cotfle; if it be not to come,' it will be now; if it be not now yet it will come; the readiness is all.": And with theso words he goes to the rapier contest. It ends iu Laertes and Hamlet being both wounded by the poisoned sword,.with the Qucon'unknowingly drinking of the p-jisone t cup, and with the King being stabbed by Hamlet. Titus tho King, the Queen Laertes and". Hauilet all perish in one common and dreadful slaughter. A more extraordinary termination of a tragedy could hardly bo im agined, and yet, though unsatisfactory from one point of view, it is quite in harmony with tho drift of the piece. I think that a o.treful, though somewhat labored scrutiny of Hamlet's sayings and doing3 such as I have attempted to make, gives a better insight into bis character than any nuraher of general observations can do. But the best conclusion and s.immary that can be drawn from such an examination is that of Goethe " that in Hamlet wo see a mm oppressed by the weight of a deed and a duty which he feels unable to carry out." He was a man of meditation us dis tinguished from a mui of action. He struggled to dr> what he thought was right but lacked the requisite courage and faith to translate into action tiio prompting? of his own soul. Oa the vexed question as to whether Himlet was in smc, the preponderance of evidence is (load against such a supposition. It was only the women and le.m and slipperc 1 pantaloons with whom he came into contact that declared him m id King Claudius, the man who had a heal on his shoulders, knew that he was not mad. Horatio knew lie was not mad, and Hamlet him self, though he at times pretended madness when it suited his purpose, declared that lie assumed an " antick disposition," but was only mad when the wind was southerly. The very pretence of insanity is the surest proof that there is ' no disturbance of his in tellectual equilibrium. Hamlet's melancholy disposition caused by excessive sorrow and de liberation must not he confounded with in sanity. What it is then that renders the character such an attractive study. It is this, that he i3 the type of weakness of most men in some period or other of their lives; that he is amid all his waverings and infirmities thoroughly honest, though infirm of purpose; that he is a hater of shams, and the sternest judge and censor of his own imperfections, and his breeches of duty. He knew and admitted that he hove the "stamp of one defect," which detracted from the pith uud marrow oi his beat achievements, .though many occasions and examples told against him, and spurred his dull revenge, ho hesitated and doubted till it was too late; and it was all -through-thinking too precisely 011 the event." And-hero we leave this favorite figure of English dramatic literature; but wo still hear him- u his pering to Horatio with his dying breath, "Re port me and my cause aright. The rest is silence,-" and wo still hear Horatio's sad re sponse- . Now cracks a noble heart, good night-, sweet .Prince, . And flights of angels sing thee to thy rest. 