SEWING RAG CARPETS. It was a small unpainted house, stained an indescribable hue by the sune and rays of half a century, a row of stiff, Lombardy poplars in front, and beneath the windows, in a narrow bed outlined by strips of board, blossomed four-o'clocks, youth.and-old-age, and gaudy African marigolds, which seemed to hold up their orange torches with a dis tinetly defiant air. Green paper shades veiled the window, and a knocker, with an eaole's head, hung in the upper centre of the door. \- Every one has seen such houses along the countryroads where the Queen Anne craze had not yet penetrated and orchids and Japanese foliage plants are yet unknown. Miss Fossett and her niece, Mary Ann, sat in the little front room sewing rags for a carpet. A bright wood fire erackled and snapped in the air-tight stove, for, although the sun shone bright on the marigolds and four-o'clocks, there was a keen wind blowing, and the dead leaves were carried in all direc. tions. The cat was asleep among the balls of rigs which made a parti-colored mountain in one corner of the room, and the wooden clock ticked shrilly on the shelf alongside of a case of dried butterflies and a plaster of paris parrot with a broken beak. Miss Fossett was elderly and spare, with a false front which did not in the least match her black hair, and spectacles. Mary Ann was slight and gracefully rounded, with dark, solemn eyes, and lips redder than wild rasp berries. To Miss Fosset everything in the world was subsidiary, just at present, to the finishing of the carpet sewing. To Mary Ann there was nothing in all the world which was actually impossible. Theee is just this difference be tween sixty and sixteen. "I was a.calculatin'," Miss Fossett droned on, "to get this one carpet wove before snow-fall, but I guess" it'll be a- close shave now. i didn't know if I could get my front chamber carpeted, but the school.ma'am might come here to board; and twelve ehil lings a week is twelve shillings a week in there times." "-Yet, I know, aunty," said Mary Ann "'nd why shouldn't she come? We shall save the arpet ready for the loom, and in the meantime why shouldn't she be ?til:d . with a rug or two laid down by the bed and in front of the bureau" " "Haven't yoa heerd?" said Miss Foseett, stooping to regain her spool of thread.'' The school-ma'am's going to be married, and the new teacher, Eliab Bay, he boards to hum. 1 don't believe he'll get along any better than Miss Marston did, if he is a man teacher." Mary Ann's eyes lighted up. " To be married ?" said Mary Ann. " Ye,' nodded Miess Fosoett. " Who is she going to marry, Aunt Foes set?" " Our next neighbor," answered Miss Foe sett, grimly. "Mr. Fairweather 2" "Yes, Mr. Fairweather. It beats allI" Miss Fosestt added; "to think youshouldn't a hcerd it afore now. Why, oshe's going to hey a dove-colored silk dress from Bridge port, and a store bat, trimmed with stuffed birds and a real brochay shawl. Must have laid up a sight o' money, I should sup pose." Mary Ann was silent. It was a question whether or not she heard the stream of idle chatter that flowed uninterruptedly from her aunt's lips. For herself she sewed away, and uttered never a word. John Fairweather to be married to Aida Marstonnl The news had fallen like a thunderbolt into the peaceful serenity of her heart. In novelsshe had read, many a time and oft, of the duplicity of man, but the fact had never come so near home before. The two women sewed diligently at the carpet rags until dusk. Miss Fossett had no idea that any one could desire rest from so delightful an occupation, and Mary Ann scarcely knew what she was doing. A sort of stupor seemed to numb her senses. " Guess we'd better-astop a spell now," said the old lady. " Jest you run out to the well and fill the tea-kettle, and I'll set out the apple-ease and doughnuts and riz biscuits. We won't her no regular meal, being there's such a hurry with the rags." Mary Ann stuck.her needle into one of the red flannel leaves of, the housewife, which was fashioned like a miniature book, dropped her thimble into her pocket andivan ished. She did not go straight to the well,though. She stole up the winding wooden stairway first into her own room, where the yellow glow of the sunset yet lingered, and took two or three dried rosebuds and a sprig of secnted geranium from a little box in the corner of the table drawer. Looking at them for a mo ment, she opened the window and flung them out into the grass below. " I have been a fool long enough," said she to herself. Then she went forth to the well and filled the tea kettle,listening vaguely as she did so to the melancholy "ehec, cheep" of the crsek ets in the stone wall. "Mary Ann l" a voice uttered. Mary Ann started so violently that she nearly dropped the tea kettle. It was Mies Marston who had come unex pectedly up the path, with a bunch of colored I maple leaves in her hands. '" Oh, Miss Alda, how you startled me!" I "Took me for a ghost, eh?" said Aidea Marston, laughing. "But I wanted to see you, Mary Ann. Goodness me " intently ecrutinizing herface by thelast ladinggleams I of daylight, "how pretty the child is growing! I don't blame John for being betwitched about her." '"Did you want anything," said Mary Ann, i bridling up. " I want you, child," said Aids Marston, in the pretty, domineering manner which, being some time a "school-ma'am," she had naturally acquired. "Can you help me with I m; sewing a little this week?" "I am afraid I cannot," said Mary Ann, with her face turned away. "Oh, Mary Ann- and I had counted on I you for a certainty !" "I cannot I" frigidly repeated the girl. Miss Marston stood cilent a minute or Qwo. Then she said, coaxingly, "But you haven't congratulated me yet, Mary Ann." hI Mary Ann withdrew herself spasmodically from the light touch of her hand. j "I'm sure I hope you will be very happy," said she. "No, I don't, either-I don't hopo anything of that kind." Then she fled away, sobbing and holding tight to the tea-kettle, whose spout dropped all the way in a most lachrymatory fashion. The kerosene lamp was lighted when she reached the room where the balls of carpet rags were piled up. John Fairweather him self was leaning against the wooden mantel arch, with his elbow in dangerous proximity to the case of dried butterflies ! but he. aunt was nowhere to be seen. " She has gone upstairs," the young man explained, in answer to Mary Ann's bewild ered look, " to get a bag of hops for old Mrs. Hubbard's neuralgia. Are you ill, Mary Ann? You look so white and weary." h1 With gentle authority he took the tea kettle from her hand, and set it on the stove, Mary Ann helplessly regarding him the while. How tall and straight and handsome he was How pleasant shone the light from his genial hazel eyes ' How dearly she had learned to love him I Now it must all be un done again. Was it not wicked to allow herself to think of him who beloniged to Aida Marston, much lees to look admiringly into his face. With these thoughts in her mind, it was no wonder that her expression grew frigid as an icicle. She paid no hced to his 'question, " Miss Marston is out by the well; you will find 4Ier there," she said. "Miss Marston, eh ?" said Mr.Fairweather, with provoking equanimity. "That reminds me-you haven't told me what you think of our family arrangements. Were you sur prised ?" Mary Ann looked at him in amazement, almost in anger. " Of course I was surprised," said she. "DBut," gathering all her presence of mind, "I don't know why-it is no business of mine." . "But it is though," said he. "It has only driven me, alittle soone r than otherwise an ticipated, to ask you to listen to my suit. Miss Aida must not imagine that she is i the only person in the world who can gs; married." Mary Ann drew herself up. "Mr. Fairweather," said she, " I must beg yoen to remember yourself. "We are not Mor- I mons here. Neither are you any relation to Bluebeard. In this country a man can hayve but one wife." lk Mr. Fairweather looked puzzled. "An indisputable fact," said he. "But I know of no one who is contradicting it." " How dare you insult me by such words ?" cried podr Mary Ain. "You who are en* gaged to Mies Maraton I" "But I am not engaged to Miss Mar. stoe." - " Mr. Fairweather !" "I am not indeed," he said, "Dear little Mary Ann, do not look at me withsuaoh in- I credulous eyes I Miss Alda Marston is a-li anced to my father. She is to be my step mother, next month; and as I would natu rally, under the existingcircumstances,prefer a home of my own, I want you to be its household angel." Not another word was spoken. Mary Ann's soft oyes,kbrimming over with glad tears,were lifted to John's face.. She stole towardsabim and hid her crimson oheek against his shoulder his arm tightened itself, in the most natural manner inthe world, around her waist., When Miss I'osiett" camedown stairs wills ;.Le bag or nope, the two aere 'ubu"yi engaged in picking up the balls of earpes.rags whish had rolled away in every direction. "It was the cat, aunty,' explainetMary Ann. " She was asleep in the very middle oi the balls, and when she got up and tiretched hcrself.-" " Cats are a dreadful bother when there's work around,"' said Miss Foseett. After John Fairweather had gone home with his step-mother.elect (Mary Ann wasn't the least bit in the world jealous of Mics Alda Msrston now), the girl crept out in the dew and starlight to pick up the dried rose buds and the scented geranium-leavee. " Oh, what a fool I wais " she whispered softly to herself; "and how happy I am at last!" She helped Miss Jiaretcn with her dresses, after all and when the rag.carpct was sawn and woven in rainbow stripes, it occupied the place of honor on Mrs. John Fairweather's dainty little kitchen floor. " Isn't it pretty, John 1" she eried. "The prettiest thing I ever saw in my life," said John, looking straight into his wife's face. Mrs. Fairweather laughed and blushed,and said, "Now, John, don't be a goose I" 