BREVITIES. Tbe following items are taken from our English papers to hand The Queen is said to be enjoying tbe spring-like weather of the Isle of Wight. She spends much of her time out of doors, and during one one of her recent drives passed through West Cowes and Now port. The Queen has sent a gold and diamond locket, containing, her portrait, to tbe infant daughter of the parish minister at Crathie; near Balmoral. The child has been named Alexandrina Victoria. Tbe Queen is to have some permanent memorial of the Wnneu's Jubilee Oii'ei - in addition to tbe Prince Consort States and the Nursery Institution. The ladies of the committee contemplate presenting li-r Majesty with a pearl necklace — oue of great siz» aud beauty having been pre pared liy a Court jeweller. The ex-Empress Eugfiaie will visit the Queen during ber stay at Florence. Tbe ex-Empress is said to have been greatly affee.ied by the removal of the bodies of her husband and son, and her health is causing anxiety to her friends. The daughters of the Prince of Wales being of marriageable age, Parliament, it is said, is to be asked to settle upon them their portion. The Lord Mayor of London was enter tained at a Court ball in Brussels. Tbe King of Servia is anxious to get his life insured in England for £100,000. Owing to tbe dangers attending tbe life of such a monarch no one office was will ing to run the risk. Several companies have, however, decided to assume the responsibility jointly. Her Majesty, haviug been so often applied to oT late by the mothers of triplets, ordered ber secretary to inform a Leigh applicant that ' there is uo such thing as a Queen's Bounty. If is merely a charitable donation granted to those who are in poor and indigent circum stances, to assist them to meet the un fon-seen demands caused by tbe unex pected addition to the family!' Sir Henry James has been presented with the freedom of the Cooper's Com pany. Mr. Balfour has been the guest of tbe Queen at Osborne. , . Mr. W. S. Caine has reached London on tbe completion of his journey round the world. Mr. Buskin has entered upo-i his 70th year. The rich costumes worn by the Queen of the Sandwich Islands during her Jubilee visit to Eugland have been de stroyed by tbe native ladies, who are indignant that their Sovereign should have given herself up to the follies of fasbiouable London. A gold cross pendant, inlaid with pearls and rubies, stated to have been worn by Mary Queen of Suots, was sold at au auction iu Edinburgh for £55. An enormous whale was seen iu the English Channel oil the South Foreland. A performing elephant died from tbe effects ofthesevero weallierat Plymouth. A terrified stajr, which was being hunted by tbe Royal buckhounds, made for Windor Castle, aud actually jumped through a glass window into au apart ment used by tne Queen. Here tlie animal, wbicii slightly cut itself, was captured. A thunderbolt, which fell at Brixton, haviug beed aualysed, was found to consist of 40 per cent. --f iron, 40 per cent, of sulphur, and a little lime, nickel, and silica. The Great Northern Railway Com pany are now running carriages lighted by electricity. A dynamo, witii accumu lators, is placed in the guard's van, and is driven from the axle of tbe traiu wheels. At the Lieutenant's drawing-room, in Dublin, one of the carriages was lit by electricity. Four lamps were used, two inside and two out, and supplied by a storage battery. A ''ghost ' which had nightly terrified people iu a village on the outskirts of Shrewsbury, has been effectually laid. On Sunday 50 villagers set out with sticks and missiles, and succeeded iu effecting a capture. The ghost was none other t ban a farmer. His captors chas tised liiiu severely, and he was ouly released on his handing over £5 for the local infirmary by way of compensation for his folly. A hamper was handed in to the guard of a train at Doncaster, addressed to the stationmaster at Midgley. Upon being opened it was found to contain a living infant wrapped in flannel. The baby was sent to tbe workhouse. The Crystal Palace's prospects have brightened 'during the past year, though the profits have been less. The gross receipts amounted to £115,313, and the expenditure £102,037. The season tickets sold numbered 12,896, and nearly a mil lion of people were admitted by payment during 1887. The 25th annual exhibition of cage birds has been opened at Sydenham. The entrieB numbered 2118, the highest ou record. The uative birds included a Cornish chough, a grasshopper-lark, aud a number of nightingales. An American mocking-bird attracted much attention. Tbe forthcoming Glasgow International Exhibition is to be the largest 4n the United Kingdom since 1S62. The elec tric light iu the grounds will be equal to 1,100,000 -candles. The Queen Mary Ex hibition, proposed to be held in Edin bnrg, will tie transferred to Glasgow. The King of Italy has decided to inte rest biuiseif in the Italian Exhibition to be held next year in London. . Volunteer field-days . will be held this Easter at Portsmouth, Dover, and East bourne. . . Hmall-pox is spreading in Lancashire. So intense is tbe cold in Canada that spray from Niagara was frozen, forming a complete ice bridge in front of tbe Falls over which petsous have passed. Shocks of earthquake were felt about Birmingham and Coventry, and in tbe ScoltUh Highlands. About InverneBB beds are said to have been rocked, furni ture moved, crockery rattled, clocks stopped, and many who were awakened experienced a sensation resembling sea Bicknesa. !Tbe shock, which lasted over, a minute ia some parts, was accompanied by a loud, rumbling Doise. Leap yebr dances, in which ladies usurp the privileges and responsibilities which naturally devolve upop men, ..are begin ning to be held iu 'London. The ladies take tbe geutlemen down to supper. ' A large vessel laden with coal caught* fire in Liverpool docks through spon taneous combustion, and bad to be sunk to save tbe cargo. . ' Some fires occurred at a hospital for crippled children in New York, resulting in the suffocation of several servants. , A little girl, aged 11 years, one of tlie in mates, ou being arrested, confessed 'that Bbe had deliberately caused the fire. ? Lord Courtney was twice bankrupt, J»ud for debts amounting to £120,000 he paid 1b. i n tbe pround. He again owes £§000, and this time has no assets whatever. , Mr. Fitz George, sou of the Dukp of Cambridge, was sued for '£3, the value of a case of champagne which was leftat his house by mistake. A gentleman while, fishing .near Derby was gored'by a tull. He sued the owner ofthe bull for damages, but the County,, Court judge decided agaiuBt him, because hp bad not croved^lhe vicious character of the animal. In the Appear Court a judge has iipheld ibis decision. A man wrote a let ter ills wife which reflected oh a' third party. The 'latter brought an action in the Queen's Bench for libel, but the judge held that there was no publicity given, ' the husband and wife being one in 'aw.' A New York belle, daughter of a millionaire, married her father's coach man. Becoming tired of ber boorish husband she fled, and he is now moving the law courts to compel her to live with him. j . . An Australiau tailor, driving with his wife in a buggy, crossed one of tbe Mel bourne linls, the gate of which was open. A train dashed up, and, while it did not actually strike tbe buggy, the occupants were much alarmed, and for tbe shock to their nerves a local court awarded the husbaud £342 and the wife £400 for damages. Tbe judgment was confirmed ou Appeal iu Australia. The matter was then carried to England, and the Judicial Commiitee have not only rnversed t he judgment, but ordered tlie tailor to pay all the cost®, so that be may be ? quite ruined a9 a penalty for having lieen nearly killed. In Westminister County Court a dausrhtorobtained damages to tliemuouut of £250 from ber father, for haviug slan dered her. Two horses were overwhelmed in n quicksand at Houtbport, and in a short time entirely disappeared. The late Recorder of Folkestone, and a County Court Judge, drew up bis will with bis own band, but omitted tbe most important word. The will accordingly went into Chancery. He left his house ' to my said,' and was apparently under the impression that he had added the word ' wife.' This could not be proved, so the bouse fails to pass into the wife's bands. Lovers had a quarrel, aud tbe young man sued tbe lady iu the Clerkenweli County Court for the cost of the ring and other presents which she had not re turned. Tbe judge decided iu favour of tbe girl. The Scottish crofters charged with raidiug have beeusenteuced to an average of 12 months' imprisonment eacb. Two women received nine months. Much disapprobation was expressed at the sen tences by those who thronged tbe court in Edinburgh. During the hearing of a police case in London it was stated that men import Italian children into England, send them round with musical instruments, and live by their earnings. The sham heiress has received a year's imprisonment. A herbalist in Salfor.1, wbo was suffer ing from an abscess on the brain, poisoned his wife and six children, and then committed suicide. When found all were lying dead. A man murdered his wife in White chapel through jealousy, aud while beiug followed by a crowd killed himself in the street. , At Liverpool a man attempted to set fire to his family. A man iu good circumstances, aged 70, is charged, at Swiuford, with killing his wife with a flat iron. His wife was 77 years old, and they had been married nearly CO years. The two dynamiters have beeu sen teuced each lo 15 years' penal servilude. The proprietor of an hotel in S in Fran cisco, tlie largest iu the world, married a wife in his dotage. After his death a fortune was spent lo settle whether she was legally the diseased's wife. The courts have decided in her favour, aud she thus becomes entitled to some inil lious. During tbe trial and appeals she and ber lawyer grew so interested in each other that they became man and wife be fore the case ended. A diabolical sect is causing some trouble iu China. The members murder chil dren, and abstract their brains to use as medicine. A society for Ibe protection of children in America, complained tbat the child piaaist, Josef Hofman, was being cruelly overworked. He was accordingly ex amined at tbe Mayor's office in New York, and while it was declared that bis health has not suifered, his performances are to be less uumerous. The late Baron Stern, who recently died in Loudon, leaves £3,541,366. Herr Krupp. the gunmaker, left over a quarter of a million sterling. Tlie late Mr. Jessop, the steel manufac turer of iSbeflield, who gave a hospital to the town, died worth £656.449. Miss Caroline Heatborne, known as the ' Muid of Kent,' has just died at Maid stone in herlOStb year. She remembered goiug on board tbe Victory before that vessel sailed for Trafalgar. Mrs. Mary Hunter, of Howden, has also died iu ber 105th year, aud ber age is well autbenti-. cated. Mrs. Birch, of Warrington, wbo had been a widow for half a century, has died in her 101st year. The Pope's special blessing has been asked for au Indian Catholic priest, of California, said to be 140 years old. The: week's obituary includes Mary Howitt, tbe poetess, aged 88 ; Mr. West, aged 94, who made bis debut as an actor 86 vears ago ; Sir Henry Maine, Professor of 'international Law at Cambridge; Admired Eden, aged 91 ; Mr. Webster, who was contractor for the Thames Em bankment; Dr. Dyer, of Bath, autborand historian, 84; Mr. TenantCaird, a famous Greenock shipbuilder, who began life as a poor lad ; Mrs. Oliver Wendell Holmes, wife of tbe American writer; Sir William Johnston, tbe geographer, ex-Lord Pro vost of Edinburgh, who was. knighted during the Queen's visit in 1851, aged 83 ; Lord George Quain, aged 96; Sir John Soame, the oldest baronet, 94. 