£100 REWARD : - a THE REGIMENTAl GHOST. I Br as Ex-DETECTIvz O CER. j1 PARI t. ' I was sent for hurriedly one lvenin g"toi a visit the residence of Mr TTanto, the head' 1 of the eminent banking firm of Taunton. t Bros. and Elliott, of Lombard-street i The old gentleman was not altogether un known to me, and he had the reputation, of I beingat the same time one of the most upright and yet tone of the hardest- of * Men. t Of this rsoon had an opportunity of judg-: ing. I was received in a richly-furnished I but particularly gloomy apartment. There did not appear to-be a comfortable corner or I chair in it.c The tall old gentleman. sked me to be ' seated close to the large table. at which he ' was placed, and then he- passed a, slip of t . lavender paper across to mp SWhat do you call that? he asked.. :t 'It appears to beta cheque for one, thou sand pounds, signed, by W. Spencer Taunton, . replie d' 'It appears to be,' he repeaited Thj e e I you do not think it genuine ' . 'I do not," was my answer. 'The. sign- - ture may be all righbtbat the figures in the left-hand corner and the body of the- doeu - ment seem to have been tampered: with.' .:- ' t "'Yue are right. )o you thiki the work e has been skillfully done r 'I do not,' I rplied i 'It is the work of a novice, and' therefore. there can-be little diffculty in. finding- the c eulprit. The fact is my-own nephew-is: the guilty-individual, and,,sir,. after -what: has. t passed between us two he can no- longer be I forgiven. He must be found,, laid: by .'the? hees, and prosecuted?" I continued: looking at the cheque, and I the idea suddenly dawned upon men tha .the perpetrator of this swindle was capahle of' much finer work. It appeared to- me that I the alteration was intended to- be- palpable, I and that some kind of mystery must be attached to the whole-affair. 'Will you kindly give-me the particulars r PasriedL 'My nephew is-a lifeuenani in- a, cavalry regiment now lying at H- .. After run ning through his own: money recklessly,. he appealed to. me. -I paid his debts and made him- a- om fortable- allowance; He seenms to- have no. stability of characters A few days ago, hie came to me and confessed that he was- again embarrassed. I received him in this- room ' Sandl e- made a clean breast of his. short comings.. 'I gave hin a severe 1ectnre, but con cTuded by writing him a cheque fora hundred pounds as my last unwilling. contribution to. his- extmraagance_ 'The unhappy youth has obliterated the word 'hundred' by some chemical process and substituted 'thousand.. By adding a. eipher to the numerals, the swindle he looked upon as being complete. He has- not actually forged my name, but the- crime is equally serious; and much as the transgres sion and disgrace grieyve me, I shall not bfr punishment to the authorities.' 'May Iask if the money was paid L' 'Fortunately it was not: The. chief.* efcials at the bank knew o' .my feelings towardst my nephew from his past fast living,. and it was such a palpable alteration, that it swas detected at once. "'Who presented the cheqne I 'It was paid in to the banking account of Captams Briscoe,. of his- own regiment, and doubtless-was handed over in payment of' gambling debts. The money- has not been, collected, but the crime is none the less a crime. hly people-atthebank sent fr- the city police, and: a private- clothes ofmer went down to the quarters of the regiment bat the culprit could not be found.. L prefer a man: *f whomn I know something,, and. so. I have sent for you. What. do. you. think of the case 'I cannot say yet. What kind of charac ter does Captain Briscoe sustain ' 'Excellent;: Irreproachable " returnedi the old gentleman. with, more earnestness than he- had hitherto- displayed. Ptomiing- to do- my best in: the peculiar ease, I asked if Mr Tannton- had. any. por- trait of his: nephew ,. He rang the bell,, and" s footman:entering, le said: ' Go to your- mistress aund ask her- for a portrait of Archi- Mr Carrington.' A peculiarly- faint carte-de visite- was brought me in- a few minutes, and. I was con ducted from- the room. by the- solemn, sec vant. As I came-out into the hall I caught a glimpse of one of the brightest- looking girls I ever saw in my life.. She was just disappear ing withi. the threshold of a brilliantly-lit room opposite,; thegeneral aspect--of- which contrasted pleasantly with that I had just left TTpon reaching the street door,, the foot man said in a. low tone -. 'My mistress desired me to- askl youi to wait a few moments.' - Almost the next instant a reffned-looking maid came from. the room I had just noticed, and said: r -.-.. ' Would you- kindly leave your private address My mistress- earnestly desires- to see you- on very. particular business,, and asks if to-night would be convenient for a talk.' I had noticed that bothl servants had used' the words. 'my mistress' rather- pointedly; and began to suspect that the female part of Mr Taunton's household had a different kind of interest in the unhappy Mr Archibald Car rington to that entertained by that gentleman himselt I gave my card with my private address. saying : 'Business will detain me at home all this evening;' and as I spoke an unnoticed glance ever my shoulder revealed the young lady I' lad seen before looking anxiously from the door of my room.. This was not the simple matter it first appeared. to be,, I felt certain sow. I proceeded homeat once and thought out the case before me It did not take me long, eonsidering the *limited 'information II yet possessed, to come tno a conclusion- which prwed pretty accurate in the end. I was, however,. somewhat anxious for the promised iSterview, asnd rather disappointed- as hour - after hour passed, and still no one appeared. About ten o'clock I thought aboat going out, but just then I remembered that in all pro bability nine o'clock would pass before dinner would be over in such a fashionable establish ment as that of Mr T'unton's. At half.-past ten a cab drove up to the door, and two closely-veiled ladies rapidly alighted. They were about to knock, but I had been at the sitting room window, and opened the door in time to admit them quietly. Asking them. to be seated, I waited silently for whatever they proposedsubmitting tomine. The maid was the first to draw up her veil,. aiid. she proceeded very intelligently to state, the case as I already knew it; but being fully aware of the value of time to the young lady present as well as to myself, I said : 'You will pardon my seeming abruptness, but we may as well understand eachlother at once. I :roxniclude that you: consider Mr Archibald" Carrington innocent of the crime with which he is charged. If you wish. me to be of any service to youn--and, him- ;you must confide in me completely. At the.same =time I hope you'will understand that I do. not couit your confidences. .There was. a pause, and at last the; lady :ended it by suddenly raising her veil and dis :playing a most beautiful fece., Policemen. are like other men,. as far assappreciation of Miss Taunton was pale, ff-?itexfi?meeiit,, •and he!r large dark eyes fairly glowed from. the same cause, and from a. different but equally unmistakable emotion. . will'confide inyou,' she said; decisively. :in alow but wonderfully pleasant voice' ',My cousin is.incapable of committing the crime of which: he has been accused.' She. then, at considerable length, explained that the accused young officer was.of a sunny and. genial disposition,. that .he- had never been brought up to view life in a very serious. ay ;: and that if he played:deeply and backed1 horses indiscreetly, itwas-more from.thought lessness thaii- innate extravagance and vicious ness that he-erredi. '-In addition to this,' she. proceeded,. .'he has all along been led to.be lieve tha. he. would be,. i a sense, the heir of his uncle,. my fathers2 . 'Pardon me;? Iinterrupted';: Iktnow that Mr Taunton bhano.sons, but I fail to under-. stand how Mr Carrington could; expect to: become his-iuncle's heii while the latter had. a. daughter. . - .. ... - She bowed her flne hiead at thisi somewhat nude speech ;i but it was necessary for :the. ends I hadi in. view,,and I. could nit spare-be and do-my duty.. Her fine face was-deeply.;flushed whene she raited her eyesto mine; and: without'another word:-Tund~rstofid; the- secret,, clearly,,-which: I had already half-divined.. ' The fact is,' I. continued;. '-there existed., until some of Mr Carrington's.eioesses were discovered, a kind- of family understanding that he should, ultimately, marry you,. Miss: Taunton.?, .. . She bowed.. '-Now we come- near, tliepoinht which I must have made clear, if I am to prove- this:' young, gentleman's innocence-if he-is inno-: ceiit. Do"you know if he his-aiiy e~neiies T i :'I know of none:. His:-nature-is. so- open. and sunny,. that he- can. have formed no, enemies.' -Just sor 1 - am-pretty-welltsatisfied o. that point myself,. - and I regret that I amz once- more- compelled to, enter upon delicate-! ground. I am sure you- cannot fee' offended:;. atsimple- official inquiries; whiche remain un-, known to. all. the- world but myself. Other gentlemen have doubtless aspired to-the-honor of an alliance with you Ti' '-Oh,. yes, she replied;.armost lirriedly; 'but no-one; I feel certain,.who coiuld descend to-the terrible crime of'enrideavouring to ruin a fellow creature for such a purpose' . "AhI, Miss. Taunton,, you; cannot. know~ human- nature-as.l know it. But you can. avoid the pain of a- further: pursuance of thisi subjectif you: 'menitionthe names ofisome of fiir- more faivoured suitois , - '-And'submit theinm, to the su?eillance ofTI the police . INever.' '-As-you please. Permitnme ti~ remihd'you. that it is the liberty-perliaps,thb.life--of an. innocent man. that is at stake.. This man is young--your- own cousin; i-and'tlf-:amn not mistaken he has a deeper-claim upon your affections than, mere relatioiishipY'entitles him. to.' Mi~T7'Tinon huing her liead' again fbr a. fiw seconds,.and thenisaid, in slow voice::. "'-My father has for some time f~0ored the suit of Captain. Briscoe, and. he fas beeni much at our house lately. : '-Thank, youn,' I proceeded.. 'And now when your father asked for-a portrait of MrI Carringtonu,. you sent me the oldest and least. perfect of all you. had in your possession; you- do. not wish me. to' arrest him, At - present' it appears to be my duty to; arrest. I him ;.but we people-recognise' a higher duty. than. arrestinmg merely suspected persons. I Our highest and first duty is to. clear the innocenit and find out the guilty. i.I am: to. L-o~, r~ar ic.;to M.? Carrinatoe;t must be able to find him. To find him easily aiit.1' hae- a better likeness of himi thii'thisi " acnd I hankd the carte-to-her.. 'I trust in you, unreservedly" shie said, asj she" drew a heavy gold neckletand, locket from her neck. ' - I Touching a spring in the latter, it opened, and, displayed the-' counterfeit-Iikeniess' of-: one of the brightest faes Ieveysaw. '" The'expression was perfectlyjoyous, frank and 'iigenuous:. Being a beautiful worker art, I had the exact colour i the hair.and of£i the eyes; : The former- was-bright golden yellow,whie- I the latter wereof a strange light-blue or grey hue that gave a peculiar appearance to the whole man. ' It seemed, even ia the portrait,i as if those joyous, transparent eyes, could be Swonderfully weird under a. change of mood, and this prepared me in some degree for the remarkable occurrenhes-that followed,. 