CHILDREN'S COLUMN. THE STORY OF AN OLD BRIDGE [Br Tread well Walden. [From St. NitHutlae. (Concluded.) As a contrast to all this, we may atop a moment to see what happened at the bridge, only eighteen years after, daring the weak reign of King Henry's son. It is the soene when London waB defending itself against the followers of Jack Cade—a notorious fellow of common origin, who took the high-born name of Mortimer, and ran a ouriouB race, as each upstarts always do. At first, Cade was popular with the citizens of London; but when, with vulgar ambition, he rode aorosB the bridge into the city, and struck his sword on London Stone,* shouting, " Now is Mor timer lord of the city 1" and followed this olaim by pillaging rich mansions, and other acts of violence, then his popularity ended, exoepting among the mob where it began. He retired to Southwark, but was resolved to enter the city again. This the oitizens determined he should not do. They removed the draw, and barricaded the bridge. The insurgents made a grand rush upon it one Sunday night. But the Londoners were pre pared, and the garrison of the Tower came down to their help. The fight lasted all night long; nor did it stop until 9 o'olook next morning. Then Cade drew off his men. They soon after dispersed, and deserted him. A large reward was set upon hiB head. Then there was a great chaBe, and at last he was caught. So he did not get over London Bridge after all; that is, hiB head was set over the northern entrance—a kind of emi nence he had not desired, but which was then thought to be very fitting for him. Let us now pasB on in our account to the reign of Henry VIIL H we were to linger long over this reign we should be dazzled with pageants. There seems no end to them. There is, first, King Henry going over in gorgeouB pomp to make war in Franoe. The reeordB fairly take our breath away with their accounts of it. Again, a few years after, Henry crossed to meet Francis I. on " The Field of the Cloth of Gold," the very name of which hints at the display of splen dours on the way. In 1527 Cardinal Wolsey went over upon an embassy to Franoe, in so glorious a style as to outshine the king him self ; for he added the magnificence of a cardinal-prince of Bome to the grandeur of being Lord Chancellor in the Court of Eng land. Then we hear of an imposing embassy from France, ooming to invest Henry with the Order of St. Michael. In due time, Anne Boleyn appears on the bridge, riding beside Henry, to viBit Franoe. It was just after'their return that they were seoretly married. In 1544, Henry goes over again; but now to fight Francis, of " the Cloth of Gold," his former friend, and he orosseB the Channel in a ship the sailB of whioh were made of oioth of gold. You can see his effigy to-day in the Tower Armory, " armed at all points, upon a pied oourser," just as he appeared when he set out. And here let us leave him. He was a great showman, but we can turn from him without regret. But were I to tell of all whom he made to £ass under London Bridge, you would think im a bloody-minded villain. I do not care to emphasize it; but you may know that the Thames was the " silent highway" between the great judgment-hall at Westminster and the Tower; and that the Tower had a gate opening on the water, called the Traitors' Gate. Need I tell you more! Think of the condemned men, who came down in boats with the headman's axe turned toward them, stooping their headB as the axe itself was lowered while they shot under the low arch of the bridge into tbe gloomy archway of their prison. The sight was nothing new, and it did not end for many years; but the reign of Henry saw so much of it aB to give me occasion for mentioning it now. But my spaoe is diminishing so fast that I must hasten on. Suppose we stop a moment, and look at another insurrection with which the bridge again had something to do. It was in 1554, There was a rising of the "Men of Kent," under Sir Thomas Wyat, against Queen Mary. They were opposed to her coming to the throne—as they had good reason to be. Wyat, with two thousand men, came toward London Bridge. The guns of the Tower blazed away at them over the river, but nobody was nit. When he reached the bridge, its gates were closed and its draw had been cut away. There were eigne of great confuBion in the city. The shopa were shut, the women were shrieking, and the men were running about eeeking for weapons. Now appeared a pro clamation offering a thousand pounds for Wyat'e head. To defy them the more, he stuck his name in large, bold letters on his cap—Thomas Wyat. Three days passed. The bridge would not let him over. Then he went up the river and crossed in boats, coming down that way to the city. But all its gates were closed against him. He had a fight at Temple Bar, and then had to yield himself a prisoner, Queen Mary had triumphed, but Wyat's act brought Lady Jane Grey to the block, and came near causing the death of Elizabeth ; and London, to please the queen, now made great preparations to receive King Philip of Spain, the proposed husband of Mary, as he came over the bridge. This was the very man against whose coming Sir Thomas Wyat had struggled. N ever was London Bridge so fall of gibbets, never the bridge so covered with heads, as after this rebellion. Bloody Mary began to win her name. It perhaps surprises yon that Sir Thomas Wyat could have been so easily stopped by the bridge at that time. If it had been an open roadway, it could not have stoped him: but it was covered with tall houses, some of them three and four stories in height. They were dwelling-houses and shops, ranged along on both sides, and overhanging the parapets. The street between them was a narrow arch way, only twelve feet wide, with wider spaces at intervals for foot passengers to get out of the way of the vehicles. London had not only gone over the bridge, but had settled down upon it. This had occurred several times before, but the houses were but shanties and had been removed. Now, how ever, they were of quite a stately oharacter. Yon may imagine its odd appearance, and wonder how a decent city could allow such an encumbrance along its greatest thoroughfare, but it was the way in those days. Every thing was crowded together. The city itself was a jam oi houses, with but narrow, crooked streets. In the reign of Charles II. there came a sadden relief to this state of things npon the bridge—and a relief which made as summary a change in the metropolis. A terrific fire broke out, which burned down almost the whble'of London. It began near the bridge, and then Bpread away in all directions, After a while it swept round and came baok, plunging down the hill in a billow of flame, laying hold of the honseson the bridge, and leaving it nearly as bare as when it was built, This was one of the bridge's wildest expe riences. It had always been on the look-oat against the water, and was prepared to let. everything go over it, except rebels and such people. Bat the fire was a friendly enemy, and the bridge yielded a passage to it very gladly, we donht not, when the fire offered to relieve its old baok from the burden of aU those houses. It had nothing to fear for itself, though perhaps its aged stony spine might have been a little scorched. The old bridge stood one hundred and Beventy years cuter this, and looked on a London built muoh more snbstantially than ever before. It still bore up the increasing tides of its life, flowing back and forth, and was more and more famous every year, as its history grew more ancient and tne people re membered what wondrous sights it had seen, No longer now did its quaint old form ap pear in grave history only, bat also in chronicles and storieB, in romances and novels, and even in nursery tales; for it was interwoven with the joys and sorrows, the lights and shadows, of city life. Artists even found that they could never draw a true picture of London without jputting in Old London Bridge. It has been pictured in many ways, by daylight and by moonlight, in the darkness of midnight and amid the mists of deep fogs. The fame of it has gone everywhere, and can never pass away. Its traditions still linger close beside the magnificent granite structure which now spans the river in its stead. Some day you may stand on the para pet of the new bridge, and look at the plaoe where the old bridge used to be, two hundred feet nearer the Tower; a place that will know it no more, except as it may be the haunt cf an invisible ghost of the bridge, over whioh I havB just tried to take you in a dream-walk, covering six hundred long years, But do yon know that ita memory—the memory of its fame in the days gone by—has already been among you, in a way that you have probably never suspected ? What would yon eay if I could prove that the bridge went over the Atlantic Ocean to America genera tions ago; What would you say if I could show it to you in one of the very games whioh yon have played—perhaps are playing now to amuse the little oneB ? When in your very young days you sang— " Lift up the gates as high as the sky, And let King George and his troops pass by," as two of the biggest among you locked hands and formed an arch, which the othera tried to " shoot," and were canght; and then when still other arches were formed behind these, and the great pull set in, all shouting together what the first areh had begun— " London Bridge is falling down—falling down"— what was it bat an eoho of the past, the ancient voiceB of the children in old London town revived, chanting their belief in the prey oid bridge, that never, like their own little hands, cculd unlock itB arohes from their hold, break apart, or fall 1 