amusements. "HAMLET." "Hamlet" was performed at the Thcatro Royal last night in the presence of. his Excel lency the Governor and Lady Carrington and a crowded house. Probably, within reason- able limits, there is no character which admits of such various interpretations as Hamlet. It is so finely spun as to be alm'ost intangible, aud provided that the actor takes care to surround himself with an atmosphere of gcutlo sadness, which blown aside by gusts of passion, still returns to pervade the scene, there is ample scope for free aud original treatment. Mr. Charles Warner's interpretation of the part has, however, no lcauing towards tbe modern school which sees in this aspect of the charac ter a license for now readings or startling changes. His playing last night was strictly classic, and much of his business (as the keep ing of the sword behind him as against his fearful companions instead of as a protection from the ghost, and again his returning to kiss Ophelia's hand m the "nuunery" speeches) follows upon the old lineB made famous by Kcan in 1817. The rendering was, however, something more than classic — it was consis tently unturah Mr. Warner's Claude Melnotto had impressed mauy competent judges with misgivings as to ' the actor's competency to give the first-rate Hamlet which hiu dramatic power would otherwise have led them to expect. Be it recorded of Mr. Warner's Hamlet in tbe first place, then, that it was entirely free from the reproach of bciug "stagey," and in the secoud place that it was in fact a lofty and scholarly embodiment of the character rightly summed up in " Obiter Dicta " as " the intellectual symbol of the whole world of modern thought." Speaking more particularly of tho actor's method, we noted his very frequent recurrence to tbe stage whisper, which he uses often with telling effect, as in the soliloquy upon the mauler of tbe King's death whilst the latter is at prayer. The detip-seated grief expressed in the" ispcech beginning " O tbat this too, too solid flesh," aud the awed, yet " tender and nobly '.trustful tones of the "I'll call thee Hamlet, King, Father, royal Dane," wore especially impressive in the first act ; whilst all the lighter scenes, as the instruction to the First Actor, worejquite remarkable for the easy and convcrsatioual effect imparted to tho blank verse. Tho great speeches, and in par ticular tho reproof to the Queeu mother, wore delivered with immense spirit, and hero as elsewhere Mr. Warner electrified the house. The actor is a princely-looking Hamlet, and we say much when we say that the charm of his stage presence remains unbroken to the last. The support accorded, without being espe cially strong, furnished several good imper sonations. Mr. J. 1?. West spoke his lines well as tbe King)nd Mr. Herbert Flemming, looking cry boyish in bis sober suit, played gracefully as Horatio. Wc had hoped to see Mr. B. N. Jones, the representative Australian Polonius, assume that character, but we shall not quarrel with Mr. Edwin Palmer's intcrnretatton of the part. It was quite satisfactory. Mr. Frank Gerald needs to acquire the habit of freer ges ticulation before he will quite reconcile us to his Laertes, aud tbe part in any case is a severe tax upon his physical powers. On the other band/Mr. H. H. Vincent was im pressive is tbe mournful solemnity of his tones as tbe Ghost; and a very audacious entry is the chamber scene, wherein, be burst boadlong through a side door npon the stage and there posed, was fully justified by the rapid grace of tho movement. Mr. W. F. Clitheroc'a First Gravedigger was a grim piece oLhumor, un strained and rarely perfected. Mi6s Isabel Morris, whose sir of modest simplicity was a feature in the pretty rendering she gave of the earlier scenes allotted to Ophelia, gave a care fully studied but unimpressive version of the mad scene. The remaining characters were taken' as follows Itosencranz and Guildea- stern, Messrs. Albert Marsh and H. E. Ham bro; Osric, Mr. Stilling Duff ; Marcellus and Bernardo, Messrs. Burford and DeJBurgh ; Fran cisco, Mr. Watson ; Secoud Gravedigger, Mr. Alfred Phillips; First Actor, Mr. Vincent; Second Actor, Mr. A. 0. Torr ; Queen Gertrude, Miss Jenny Watt-Tanner ; Player Queen, Miss Beatrice Lyster. 11 Hamlet" will be played for the last time to night, and to- morrow Mr. Warner trill take his benefit in a double bilL The Suburban Bicycle Club bare given an invitation to all the Melbourne and visiting cyclists now in Sydney to compete in the Sydney B.C. race meeting to attond the Crystal Palace Skating Sink this evening. In addition to the extra attractions tbat have been provided dining tbe past weok, u grand skating match will take place by all the cyclists, who will be in tbeir club uniforms. Hiss Nellie Donegau, on this occasion, will give a skating perfor mance on tbe high pedestal. The second concert of the Aahfield Musical Society will be delivered at the local School of Arts to-night. 