OUT AND ABOUT FROM OUR ROVING CORRESPONDENT Norwich Argus, june 2. In my rambles I come across many curiosities on sale at home and abroad—genuine and false, have myself been " sold"- occasionally; indeed, there are certain places on the Continent: as well as in London where faked-up -antiques are: manufactured. and fetch- & better price than the real article. There are even impostors in the provinces. for " ghosts" in art, have we not had our Belts and "Van Beers? The sacrificial sales of bogus rubbish in London have grown Enormously of late, the uniformed Commissionaire at the door~'of the auetion-room lending the. imposture colour, 6o to speak. .To go fully into the catalogue would occupy too much of your apace. The Greek Government, I see, " are taking steps to prevent rare bits from . • being smuggled out of the country, though the trade in suppositious. relics from classic Hellas has been thriving since the daysof Deucalion and Pyrrba—and that, as-you know, was a. long while ago Later we had Schapira and his biblical strips of leather that turned out a pious fraud, while to-day staiiled cabinets are : manufactured. in Wardonr-street and sold -forthe veritable furniture out of Gumnor Place when tenanted by Leicester and lovely Amy Robsart, or from. Blickhng's ftitely halls in the happy days of Anne iJoleyn. Coming to more prosaic times, however^, who - among your readers re- •meiribers Abe .fuss locally over an ancient inverted iron pot-which the ArcheBological Sociely pronnunced fi Veritable G"omwel- • lian head-pie^e, -tot the Jodj^n Chief's • "shirt which fell .into "WoSderspoon's hands, and that that sage Editor of the JSIerctiiy, after a week's conference with • Norfolir quiduncs, proved to be nothing more than: brown paper . well oiled' and smoke-dried and cut into shape for the Sioux warrior. Then there was that remarkable root from Svraffiiam which found its way Into Mr. Fitch's hands and iso pnzzled the. worthy chemist. Nor must we forget the antique jar, with a • &unic; inscription ;iumiitt^ around its centre, that perennially turned up : and hoaxed some East Anghan Editor—one of whom actually gave a woodcut of the famous pot. I am ledinto 'this train of thought by lookuigover the Bancroft reminiscences lately published* and -a story narrated therein reminds one of Mr. Pickwick's varcbseologicalreSearcbesaiCobliaTH, where Dickens' good-natured hero bought a ,doorstep for five shillings because it bore a.mysterous legend that was afterwards deciphered as* "BH.II STUMM, HIE 3U.HK." *' The post for cattle to nib themselves against" will ^also occur to you. Im postures,of this kind are crnel—when they actually come to pat>s, and the particulars recorded at p 303, voL iL of the worlf in question, no one need doubt the truth of { anytibw, they are -ben trovato and the matter concerns a honse in your 'own old city. Well, Mr. and Mrs. Bancroft—the lady, by the way, is connected with Norwich, I believe—were on their holiday trip, and stopped at Candcnabbia; onJDakeComo. Sard by the hotel was a shop kept by an t>ld cariosity dealer, •with whom they liad some fun one day. They had 4>een "bnying bits of silk, and wjhenabofat to leave stopped to look over & tray .full of/)dds and ends, In which old •ihoe buckles, stick handles, , medals, coins,_ supposed relics from Pompeii, trophies fxojn battle-fields, and all kinds of rubbish were mixed together. But let me' quote the retiring stage favourites' own words;— ' In this olla podrida re came across a very mysterious jfiere -of old ironwork, which on close inspection -iramsed us immensely. We saw our way to a joke _ "with the bnc a-brac merchant, and "retired to ' 81 corner with "our treasure^ pretending to examine if more closely. A friend was passing the shop at the time^and we made him'a* party to the Jun. Anxiously asking his opinion of the worth of ourmiisco* ery, and going into apparent ecstasies over it, to the amazement of the old Italian, who closely ; .watched us, we weighed it, breathed on it, polished it, whispered over it, took it ?to t!ie sunlight,- and inspected it through r a magnifying glass in various ways. At iast we asked the shopkeeper what lie _ would take for the apparent treasure. The wily dealer; completely taken in by OUT pantomwe was at once alive to its merits, and assured us it was a -Tare specimen. We cordially agreed, and begged him to be Candid as to" its being -really genuine. V'Mais oui, oui, oui; e est vraiment, vraiment, vraiment I Veritable et bien remarquable. . CombienP Pour vons, mais sejjlementpour vous, vingt-cinq francs." We suggested the five without the twenty. The old atefa nearly had a fit, and asked if we wished ±o rob iim. We worked up the icene to a v^ry funny pitch, and were pbhged to gomw^y to hide our laugh *e-, "saving we would think of it. This wonderful discovpry, this Testable antiquity, was in truth a brokeufragment of worthless old iron impressed with the JBoyal Irms.and motto of JSngland, and stamped with these words-r- = » ' • ' "SASNASV, BISHOP & BUEKAED'S PiTEKT MOWI1TG- MACHIKTS.' ' I nefed not enlarge on the veritable *ears» {in bottle}, hair, and bones of holy pen offered for Sale or show at certain monasteries and cathedral? on the Continent, nor more than mention the heaps of relics to be picked up on historic battlefields - Why, 'customers for such trifles at Waterloo • have become so .numerous, X am told^ th^' a manufactory for them (tie waifs-r-addt visitors) is in fell spring hard by. As for the bullets 1 and spent shells, enopgh have been fonnd here to supply our Army from Badajoz _ to Balaclava. I wonder a trade of this . : kind has never come out of the tumuli at Caister or the other - Boman camps febouncling in Bas^ Apgha but your 'simple country folk ate hot so speculative " I suppose, Igs braves Selges Among other places that comC to mind in this connection, there is an atelier at Huvre which makes a greajt, boast about the tromperie'and eon^refactions it turns out. Oh, these tricks -of my fellow men make me vety sad; hut it is some consolation to know that such * impostures are sot practised at the Norfolk Ironworks. Mr, CJUrke > £dit»r pt 'the Allanp Mail, W.AJi smtcs jn&A; denial that Mr. J^Stonehewer ^Oooger ever held such z positaon on his newjipfiper, and makes tome 1 strong remarks on the hterary status and habits in 'that distant colony of the author of'' Coral Lands." Of tourse Mr. Chjrke Equally 4 contradicts -Our adventurous corespondent's assertion that he was " running" the Henspkper last year or at Atoj* time. " I may ^seDtiak," concludes the 4i S3it6p,/ < that locally "Mr, Cdoper's opiinda&m; "Western "Australia ,are £ot ' esteemed as being pariicularfy riluablfe. ^r -of much iroce «ont.equencci^lran his chateaux' en Fiji " sSinc 4 e f opgununj&ition; in question -appeared last-'October, I have had reason fo'doubt certdin other " facts" Advanced jif liiv writer thereof. 