COInCPEO AT t G^.a UNION" AND KOiih (-F ti..i. j 'is >':it yt-ai.y "i' '•• am -i I-'. w : ! '!J d'-.Sllli [ t. •-,.<i •ii:,; ::; : -•.••"i i p"'- ! -''" e i 1 J-V.iS.il n>\i it'-.i-'.a to Oil j .'LT. <'•-!- ii;-c-i'.U:: IJ i-,ii uf I >r; i-;f- try -o nut c: r in his ' I 'i he Oi-Ci.i.T .id-- { •J. j n.-ji f-'l tr.-^--. i. ?!.;: • l»y be in i s.t.i-on('int, the liei I i-r-iMirbed that- be ts.v. i-.sr. Ii>" ! >Jite'a ifi.it tnorciuj:, I \;hcn be dsi^iieii hUn to c.;iivcy Lis j licCtic-nate grt-.: tirus to the bfeta::eu, and j vas still very ill. The motieD wa3 aerc- ed to, and, on the suggestion of Mr. J. J. Srroiitv it was also decided to send a letter of sympathy to tbo Korth Adelaide Ccngregatioiial Church, Later on in the day the sub committee c.p- 1 iJnfcJ tn +he> rS Rvmiu'jiv i Kev.andPtarSir—The Oiuocilof iheCongre- J gational Union now in hilf-jearly uteetiug i asEcmbled have heard with, the desyeat { /crrow that not only is tho meeting to be i deprived of ycur preierce aid wise counsel, ( but that yonr illness is of a grave character and likely to deprive us find the Christian community of your presc-nce for some time. Our feeling is one of deep sympathy with you and with your family. We have offered to tbe Father .of all meicies prayer for His presence to be w ith jcu. t upholding _ __ you with . IJ: —:.. I,... 1..... .1 I}.. ^...L-J. HI, Hia mighty_ hand. ISJay He make Hia i strenuth availifclc in your weakness and His precicnB love in Christ Jesus tho comfort and j'>y ctyour heart in tbe midst of what would be t:tfctr\>i;e a valley of the shadtiv of death. There ia but cue hi-irt among us ia regard to yt-u, Rxd :!:at hears is fu'l of rsspeci aEd'tlletlii.n. \Y-3 !-.^o-.v also th.\t tbe Kii.iie Jtc-lidtj j'trvancs the conimatiry wherever S our csu.e is ks ay the izc-iciaus l^jrd nstore yea tc y-. ur j^-'p'-a to you'r • i-i-f-thren iu ths c-wi: g iia:c. 11 tie cidera ' oifcowise R<t.y <•.:! cc;-:nUtson to yoa ,d yours." The Euh-eo-iiVnItt' 3 r-jc^.r:; pittd'd that cor-siilcniiA tiie Ns r-h Adtlai-is ! Church bad not jxt ac-f th^ir past-ss's IS rrsi^naiie!.', it was pr;'::-atari.- to forward a ij It ttcr c-f syaij-athy to the Church, a ISCJCI- j; ir.etduuon which tho Council adoptei. ;i EStCCTlVE COjIMITj'EE'.S FlLl'OtlT. _ :j The half-yearly report of the lixoyutive ; ';i CvK.nr.i'tuc itsU-d llot six lv-tii^s cf the > i:t i.-.natice hiui U en .'fill L;.; iat, _p;sfc j b.lf-vear. I-iLicriiu^ no i.!ie ttj-c-ji"; oi His j| Ilul.di'-^b, ti:-3 rt';-.ort eouticued ; ! tiiii Ur. Jii:-.aii.ch h-i.i b.-t-u Uid aside 1-r ! rotr.e tine fr-.'-i \vr.ik through ji si.vi.ve ind;£t :-iti. :i Up to :'oe U-t f^w ! j he I.-i.td to f.ke his proper ; vlr.je !>s Cliiir-'n"'-', bits i.is wedi; tl , bdvi^rs fced si'-en a dicidt-d cv-nicn ti»ii it ' v.Ctiirf be hiai to do Tw co-u- j> n;titee txi,r«is-ed a*"• rvi_iii bepe -chj-t asiteedy »aiobrJi.'?h t-ioi )><:•>n.tr r.bs r-»vererd j] 11-r.tl1i.12n to K-S.ST3 hi-: p. sfo-ral wcrk. Wi:h pi'tu-ure ti.o lOit- tnilf.e -.wlcoumi tiie l;< v. Ii. Fit tcii r ' i! .it! xcptfd :.u :-v: .it i..' i.:. . - •, v iir-a-L late 1 hi.: •O: r, sin: jsss n$.a!i rt i mitlte v.s*- for:..».-»; fur uiizki-M tk. As the fuses -jf '.1 L'-.i toi-ld n.-"t 1 lud tc «.ny on r^e •-,rk. a fi'sciul fund ' t.x'v.'it K'iCiikiy'»"tVVictoria, contorted to s^eLd Lifc-iabir and Jiu:.uary in la^ iris the luun-latlon cf mission work, and duiinjrhis it;yaai/-1i':twcnt of land waa purchased and a rcotn to seat oGO persona v.iis erected fer public worship. The Rev. J. fi. Glatton frliuwed in February, the Rev. John Lloyd in March, and the fi.ev. E. Doddrell, of Victoria, had undertaken to conduct services during April. An earnest invitation' to the pastor:ita had been accepted by the Rev. R K, Ala kay, who would be=in his work in May. There was every probability of a large building beii-g required very shortly, and it was desirable that every effort should be mede to enable Ccnpregationalists to occupy their proper place among the other Churches in liroken Hill, as it was quite certain that- a large and increasing population would soon bb settled in the district.. Report acccptcd, , FIKAXCE. . Tbe Finance Committee reported:—The year was begun with a debit balance of £90 Us. -3d. Tbe total receipts had been £315 5s. lid., and the expenditure £411 10s., in- ' creasing tbe debit o f tbe Union by£6G 4s. id. This was accounted for by the fact that five quarters of grants had been paid^ one being overdue at the beginning of the year. The balance-sheet showed: —Dr.—Donations, £92 3s. 3d.; proceeds cf Union meetings, til 17s ; Ladies' Association, £2315s. 8d.; Loan Property Committee, £150: Bank balance, £6 13s. 5d. Cr. —Balance Bank of Adelaide, £a0 9s. 4d.; expenses annual and half-yearly meetings, £IS 16s. 9d.; grants to Churches, five quarters, £'SC2; sundries, £3013s. 3d, Received, j PE.Orr.ETV SITE-COMMITTEE. Committee reported:—The suma of £232 I.">e. lOd. bad been received from the trustees of Union College, of which amount £150 had been lent to the Finance Committee. An additional £200 would probably be received J.ifore very long as the committee's shite of i he remaining assets of the College. An additional loan of £200 bad been made to Port i'irie, and £70 tepaid by them off their former loan. Building Society shares had been taken cn acccuct of ihat Church for repayment of £200. Bord'-r To vo Ciwr-'h ha .i rej-aidtbe balance of loan (less ai amount to be received frc:n the Jubilee Funds as bonus), tr.d the Church would be free from ("ebt, although its shares in the Buihlirg Society were not yet matured. Maitiir.d Church bad not been cbls to keep up its Promised paj-rrents.. acd the loan to Kadina Church, for which it held its own Beildius f-'ciiety shares, was premised to be repaid ('uiirir the prerciit mc-nth. The present it&te; of tbe funds was approxsir.ateiy as fciiows :—Loans to Ciiurches, i'^,010; other securities, £4C0; Savings liink, £o0 ; tottl, £2,470. Building Society -shares were held for most of tbe loace, and on the&e; about £750 (exclusive of profitE) had been paid. Report received. STUDENTS' SUB-COMSHTTEE. Committee recommended that funds be collected from former subscribers and others to carry on College work. The Kev. W. R. Fletcher bad undertaken to prepare a scheme for tbe education of students. The sum of £23215s. lOd, had been received from the trnstees of Union College and placed for tbe time being in the hands of the Property Sub-committee. Received. JUBILEE COMMITTEE. Referring to the Jubilee movement, the committee in their progress report stated that in order to satisfactorily terminate the jubilee work an earnest appeal by circular bad been addressed to all the Churches asking them to receive a deputation during March. Generally tbe replies were such as to discourage the scheme, which bad to be most reluctantly abandoned. The plan of granting bonuses to country and suburban Churches on all amounts raised for the payment of Church oebts had acted as a healthy stimulus. Owing to the General Fund being exhausted the committee were unable for the present to continue the substantial help, bnt an earnest effort was being made to increase the fund. The Hon. J. H. Angas, M.L.C., had kindly anticipated his promised gift by contributing a sum amounting, with previous gifts, to 10 per cent, on £20,COO, It was desirable that the contributions should be increased so as to meet Mr. Angaa's generous sift. The total receipts from the fund were £11,000. Report received. I'AEKIN TRUST. The annual report stated that the net income for the past year had amounted to £550 3s. 9tL as against £5G9 8s., the income for the previous year. The pressure of the times had somewhat affected the Trust, and in the absence of desirable securities a considerable amount bad been placed at deposit at the Bank, Three out of the four houses at Glenelg were let, bat the governors had been obliged to accept very low rentals. One feature of the year's operations was the sale to the Government of land required for the railway from Falmenton to Pine Creek. 1 his railway passed through a large block of country land near Palmers ton belonging to the Trust, and tbe governors accepted the Government valuation price, £75. Received. PARKIN MISSION. ^ The governors repotted that the Parkin Congregational Mission was now folly organized, and the necessary legal forms for its incorporation executed. The objects of the Trnat were the payment of certain legacies to relatives of Mr. William Parkin, the annual distribution of £100 to twenty | poor widows of the Congregational body, and the establishment of Congregational mfsssruianrs ;c Use eoi'niry dit^rrots at a ifttatoe t.i n'a li:tt ttsun n.iit s in-in &ny; fcxifclitg C'-i.^.i(.fcttt-'ynsi; Omic.u. JUU n.u vict'-H t! .M'l C-I-;ii'oi .-•.!- :i •'.< • it; cs. t Eit-iii 3i ji; • i .'-ir j ii.i-.: in ituit 11 •{•• rsy • Ei itu>.d-v = .:t'>:;., M.ii_.' - j ! . = -ti.i V.-i-i V'i.-MOX Kv. J. »'.)» t :5a c on the tM ittr;itioa to s •he r.\r.r.ir.r, :1s OJ ti: 1 ! ilirrisr, an:.- _ iitual wants of the f.h» lii'.r; i; r, ^d taMimila on thiit as thLre Krokcn Hi;i &L-.d; Biiveiton "vihiuh wc::id lie sure to tartly iinirtaee ia FLEicutR polled cut that the Union could not eccleoiaetLoiilli ansiex tbe distiicts at prctenr, but it wujprobiJj'.e that tteps would be taken lattr oa. A Icag discussion ensued, as the misfeic-n and Uburcn work gets mcr. advanced izi that p»rt of Mew fcouth \\\ ait: EVESIKG MEETING. In the evening a public meeting was held in the Church, when the Rev. S. Hebditch's Autumnal, "residential address on * c Church Life in tbe Colony from a Denominational Point cf View" was read in Lis absence by the Re-*. W. E. Fletcher,. M. A. The Eev. Alfred Jones occupied the chair, and there was a large attendance. A fairly full report of ths address is appended :— 1STB.0DUCT0E.Y. When I took the chair of your assembles lastj^ar I thought i: incumbent on me no£ to rsstrict your view to any sectional cr Oencaiinatioual interests, but entering into the spirii oi the ImpCiird and the colonial jubilee, at w.l! as of our . to point cut the place aud functional i ligioa ia the csvclopnieEt of mtionai life, i.i the address " Ktli^icn in the bti^e" seme vuiugs were said v.hich were l-f-^asdcd as "grievous words v. Lieh fclir up tiri This wai not tbair in- :: -.- ?;iou no- to any ⅈoua extent their effect, Je jt. To-oty I Fhbi tin the radius of tbe circle, , and , h-uk iLit-^s nearer hon.e. 1 propose ta ta s iitider the i_hui-'-h lie of tids cnlouy from '.be i.enorNiin;ici.'al point of VIEW, not to eenipsie tte di-i.tniiniiiuue aa to tbe Eouudi-L.'s ci tLeir p'jiiiy or the buxipluraluesa of i-.cii theolu^y t-r the ij'sa-ili ov extent of tl: tr veik, i.ut to looa. as. the pi-tare tliey prei-tiii aa Uvy lie ti.:e by riue in 11 i3 land; to s.o wh'.t is f:-:<.tlkct or roi, tx;cl!cnt ii. ilmir disiribt:- tiun, aititi di', ar.d sctiuts, tsytciiiiy io t^ciivonr to ihv« our j.-Lec :.r.d oppsrtusi^y i-nd duty a? >}>a cf tbeu;—;n nv.iaJers, not in ii ili t nee, c-Le L-i " il.j Jcti oi tiic tribes oi iflfcti." currai LIVE IN AR.-RIHUA, | Like pol.uc.ii, cud.il, luttuauUt, litar-jry .' in Anutralu k LuiUi.sU I.I.: inucid'.d i-y i ' ^kuttreilias cc^citic-na. fctronj: the i«.io.*ai- 3tK tad tL-du-al tendency is, racj ;; ti-uoitcy is i-.joi^tr, tl:ut tf-^.^-.-Uiiy its the spl.'-i-j ci iirit^Mi.^ '•.b.-j tr.-.ik^ii 1 : i.:oiu.t" it> lider e'.ci in • '..-!b <i ecLstr. ctors »,f the »oiri.l and 1 ii :>•(• f.-i tunc c A.-n ! vb—tb* il-u:it _I ii.. . if. Ci its ,-c tfov,- tj o.Tii .Vlj -LB Ui ii .iLi II ii'.iLUdg ; ti:t i-; -.iciiuifc uL-d pv*v?:y ot ^ilcli liir. Uliii, Ii: j b ilui-B t 5.i;i;r..-;-.,iiL:..ui.i pr:-,.ie-nda; tile 1 J;=«.r tbcv^fct ciclu'.ci iii^J-.i-.-a a yd bUu-r- ' ltt-.-s frtm iltxttiiisl discni.-son ; the bruhl tid ei^l&ruisiijiaif;, upaarkcued by eke il ect«e cf 4 't ; e hunyiy millions" ttat mars n.e joy of Lnc,liitic, ought to give a gild and r.appy air to our religious character, iiiiiie the ebarni of the opportunity thcuid unite all in tbe grind eacieavoui to lay the foundations cf these rising kingdoms on tbe solid basis of the law and love of God. Whether the denominations which havu come bither have thus understood their position or no it is a grand thing that they are here. John Bull is a successful emigrant, because when be packs his trunk be linds a snug place in it for bis Bible, adding, if he be an Episcopalian his prsyerboGk, if a Presbyterian bis shorter catechism, if a Methodist Wesley's bjmns, if a Congregations list Watts's, it a Baptist Ryland's. The Papist does less well, I.ecauEe net with, but instead of, the Bible he takes only his rosary, crucifix, and missab Koibir g struck our late visitors so much as the universal presence o! churches in townchips great acd email over the whole of the districts they traversed. Dr. Dale often spoke of it to me as evidence of the survival and the strength of the Christian faith in these lands, despite all tbe scepticism of the times, and he will make no small use of this fast in his defence of Christianity at home. Denominationalism baa undoubtedly taken firm and broad hold of Australian life, and is a great factor in it. Here the denominations are, and in them is mainly comprised the religion of the people. They are its embodiment, organ, and index. I say mainly, not entirely. Ihe religion of a nation never yet was coincident with the Church or Churches of that nation, any more than the whole flora or fauna of a country is conlinod within its gardens and farms. DENOMINATIONAti STRENGTH, A very unattractive title some will say. It ceuplea a good thing with a bad. It desires that to be strong which were better weak, end that to live which were better dead. Denominations, are they not the reproach of cur times, tbe grief tmd sore of all trne Churchmen? Not longer ago than the Bishop's valedictory Sir c hn Downer said, amid cheers more ardent than reflective, that " he hoped tbe day was not distant when the \ eiy word denoiiiiuauoEs would be a thing cf tbe pait." The worthy Kuight and tbore v. ho eectrc-;! bur. could hardly have weighed tie woius he uteci. Tbe day is distant, very detent; the Greek Kt lends will b£ Jicre firet. AlexsEdcr, C;e=ar, Charlemigne, Kipolton creamed cf the universal empire of their several sworde, and tbe dream troubled the world. fJi.'debrand, more ambitious, put the eiown cn the crozier, and dreamed balder dr-.ams of r. universal and supreme Church. Can that be repeated ? Can any clerical twin ever arepm it again ? Is the day near v. hen ali Protestants xvill confess their error and sin in breaking with tbe Pope, and penitently pray to be received back again? Is ihe day near when the Free Churches of England will make similar suit to the Archbith cp of Canterbury? Ah, bnt we don't mean that, say our comprehensioniets. Retain ycur convictions and preferences, but consent to be comprised in one Church. This one Church must have some doctrinal basis, seme approach to uniformity of worship, some degree of central government, and some standard of ministerial qualification. Is the man born, or going to be born, that will have the skill to construct such a scheme ? The day, Sir John, is not near; God must first unmake man and annnl his responsibility. So long as man is man—an individual, moral being, responsible to God only for his faith and his conduct—so long the religious life of the world will exhibit variety, and the religious people cf the world, following deep laws of affinity and sympathy, will crystallize and group themselves around their own centres, each group in its own way seeking to please and serve the Lord and to complete His kingdom. Bet this is no apology for dencminationalism as it is. In it there is much to deplore and condemn. By pleading for denominational strength I plead for a healthy, honourable, satisfactory condition, for the casting aside of all tbat is not in harmony with Scripture, reason, the spirit of the age, and the interests of the kingdom of God. Within these limits the stronger they are the better. ELEMENTS AND CONDITIONS OF STRENGTH. What, then, are the elements and conditions \- of denominational strength? The answers to this question which a dozen different persons would give would disclose great diversity and confusion of idea as to the standard of strength. The standard of one wonld be numbers, of another W6altb, of another culture, of another political and social influence, of another legitimacy. None of these are true standards. As the Churches are professedly the several divisions and subdivisions of " the sacramental host of God's elect," that is to be accounted the strongest before whom tbe King's eaemi?e most quickly fall and by whom His kingdom is best Berved. The first condition of denominationalatrength is a right to be—a sufficient raison d'etre. Each Christian denomination professes two things—first, that it holds ail the essential truths of the common faith; and secondly, that it is charged with the special care and advocacy of some particular doctrine or principle of polity denied, overlooked, or under-estimated by all the rest. Now, the right of any denomination to exist is to be sought among these specialities and not among the articles of the common creed. For example, the Baptist body does not exist as a denomination because of its belief iu tbe incarnation, the atonement, salvation J>y grace through faith, but because it bslieveB that foaplkm should only iollow pcrtojio! fr-'tV, r.r.o should be by Immersion, r.-i:ti tli? <[,.<.•:.;« .-i. n. it- thjitssuliicieiit revaon? If. tbii-- <»•••,n .ir.: ; >;nicnt i» undoubtedly ia; • ] -it '••>• 1 ii.'-.titi.! jcaj-nicut is eiscessary. i \- • i'.'. • «r:d act but<>re cash oi'i-.-r s»s.ti /ii- ti iuii.-i bciure i!>e world. i'uUic < j/'.-.It-i. i& a to wlii-.-a even the v.i<i.rt.'.<s:i--i-:»il- lc. lV-rvudcd as tlwt j £.;,!;.i:.-ii i- i -y a f.tijse c-f Ice reaucuabie, tii« I t»..!ii, »ir«i ti « fuir, the Ciiarcius r.iasi. ex(ie«-5 i:-<.'r v .,',.-. t'.- i-c; n.c-ie iiid mors c;mva--t<=d j ii i'.M! ;r\ ic. It is er.ough tii^t :t • ' " "!MI Ki fonrij.ccd i-.fi ri«h4 >-l. anlss, ••I'.U-r -T. S'.J».a - i ia? -'J If ii 1-5nir il-.iviii' 12-itui-'.-, ICi: nn 'i.-i ll ECbuilde.-. of Ti- fc-.r-e'.niM:.i.ri maintain tli? whole ap.'ir,- "I'His pf t. 3- \ arate di-uc:uination to bear v itr.ers to a having no important beai- •'tjt i« Cl.iirtiar. life and tbe KingdoTV oi bed it- io «>v»rio:-k the |.n-<it:-,rtioa of tilings iit.d ir-,.y bi-jp-pv. tbe saie^-u, much ^gj aLcut ro'hi;.-*," or " Hcar.a into t- ?::r>est Io ".iali a feitiier or to ..love £ ily." _ IWCTEKVAI. D3r;>.HE.N<;tH. To justify itself a denomination must sho f cot only tbat its specialty is bnportani; in itself, but that it requires the apparatus and witness of a Church body to keep it duly before tbe world. This is often a vain cunceit, and a distrust of truth and the God uf truth. We ate apt to think that the ark w.ll fall unleES steadied by our hand. There ia warning in the word *• Pert z Uzz'ih." Large doctrinal differences may co- exist, and do co - exist, and more and more wiil eo-eakt in the saar.e denomination and in the same Church. The Church lengthening her cwrds of thought, and at the same time strengthening her stakes of charity will find raom in this enlarged place of her habitation.for many a conviction once called heresy and forbidden the enclosure. Why may we not hope of theological animosities that" the wolf shall.dwell with the lamb and tbe leopard shall lie down with the kid, and the calf and the yoasg lion and the falling together, and a little child shall lead them." Ail the ferocities of wolf and lion and bear y ield to the spirit cf the little child. An assembly diverse in theology but one in spirit, praising and serving as alike constrained by the love of Christ, would be a picture presenting not an unworthy rc-alizi.- tien of leaiah's vision. carncH FOLITY AND RITPAT. But, in fact, the denominational differences are not largely doctrinal. " J uft'.licaion by faith" was indeed the lever fcy which Luther overturned the Papacy, sad is still, as he raid, the n'axulU vel cadentix crc!e<i'.e Its dmial fixes a yawning chasm befcwtes she Pcpil and Prctesiant Churches which can r b.; filled up. ICo, it is from questions (if polity, crdt-is, ritual, Cbnrcb relationship srd iniragr.inpnt, that dencmuutionaiiaai t prints, Xbrsa in\obc aeti"D, and actk-a regulated by dil?*»rcnt piiscipl a U-ads to collision acd deidlo^k. SrEic Chiij-c-hen are autocratic, soj-ie i_.]i:;aici.ik-ire tiem-'cratie, I/iy ix-". -ii trc.ced tbroi:uh-v.it t'-.e denomiiiiti-'ns h i very variable identity, ai d i ; .3 pLec aud function a'-d relatir.B to the power of tb.?. n-u.:stprs is in ceme quarters a matter <-f i-h."ti:i3 debate. This question, 1 b.liew. i* •he ntsic c.-ffienUy in i-hefir-ion orcjafods.-:tticn cf t);t- vsri'.-Bf; Iiif thod^-t bj.iiss of rhe , an eni (if.vrmt'y to be ^rkhed, atid i.ct beyond bote. Toujhiog bath lii-otrbte i r.'lty fa the very troublesein; 'iii^-ciiot' cf "order?" ana tho sacraments, stili, sti!?, after centnrics of retvitattoo and il'-r-n-ci a v;.cf- pro: ortion of the so-called '.-'-•riitiss mhi-.iry Etiiucl, h;jb and h^ujbey, in a pcsit ; on n? exclusive ijvivi-;ge, nlie;:i:.'f; ri ri..i-.i.t=;L:r™ tL'.t thi"j a s th-j S-J-o pvtsc-st-crs of the ipslifit^tion and theli.iht '.o prcii'.b tl.-r- Wcrd and to atbuwister ths »-jojatficcts; th:-.t this sole ri^tit bw c?me d'.nn to tl;c-!r. fr mtite cp'-stlc?, find r v- : !' fl-j-v tn to tbe ttid of tbe woild only ia the Siine i-bsncel; til others, however aMe, and i.'.c-iul to be rf^ird'.-d 8b satrud:rs. u«urpe!=. rt-tiri^f without; -.varrs.i.i, v.ithout proaiise c? bltEtiE;', v, horn it is a duty to discoura.*e r.nd oppose, and wbctn ii; ii'-'iy be- a virtue to nf cocnee. The iruiteof a Moody's work, the life of a iloffi-.t. the ministry of a Beecher, the nieatureleEB itiOuence of a Sparaeoa, all count for little. These asn were not in orders. CCICEEO was in orders. Livingstone was not. Haweis, C-ancn Freemantle, Llewellyn Davits, dcing their best to destroy cur faith in the supernatural in Christianity, are yet valid teachers, for they hid episcopal ordination. Dr. Clifford, Dr. McLaren, Dr. - Dale, Mark Guy Pearse, ficgb Price Hughes are not to be put on the same level with them. So long as pretensions like these, so extravagant, eo irrational, eo utterly baseices and withal so mischievous, are maintained, comprehension is impossible, even co-operation is difficult. The differences of polity to which I have referred are a more J legitimate ground of denominational classification, for it is obviously inconvenient and I impracticable for Churches to be organized 1 and led on in witnessing working and militant bodies except on principles held to be - 1 valid by the great majority of the members. SF>"PA1* IN ADELAIDE, Very interesting and very instructive is tbe scene presented in the City of Adelaide every Sunday morning. No Cathedral rears its spire in" Victoria square, but from a central civic tower issues a tuneful and changeful peal addressed to the citizens at large—"The hour of worship is come; go ye Eeekers of Gcd yonr several ways, gather in your chosen sanctuaries, worship, congregate, combine, work where ye feel most at home and after the manner ye deem acceptable." So say the bells, and eo do the people. The maes of citizens, freely mixing during the week in their several secular interests, at the sound of the Sunday bells fall into line cn their several religions impulses. The shops are closed, the Churches are open, and towards these living Sles mcve greeting and exchanging holy salaams £3 tney pass each his own way, glad tbat they have heard tbe call "Let us go into the house of the Lord." The Churches are filled—occupied—each with a congregation on all main points of doctrine and government agreed, and rejoicing to worship and work together after tbe manner of tbeir fathers in the old country without fristicn, without controversy, holding up and handing on, each the everlasting gospel, and the specific principles by which each is distinguished. I LOCAL EEASOSS FOE OliClKCHES. ^ I hn.ve been endeavouring to show that a i '"nomination to be strong must have sufficic-nt reason for its existence. I add »bat it must also have a sufficient .'•CUT V-a/ -/UT-NJ/T raison K-TRT.-E. d'etre. JXJUBT, Must EVERY every I>AIIK Bank JLII in King (Villiam-street and every retail firm in ; Bundle-street reappear in the little townchips of tbe colony ? Must they also have tbeir North-terrace of doctors, aud their Pirie- street of brokers? The world is too ehrewdfor such folly. I would the children of light were equally wise. It is not unusual to see in the townBhips of South Australia as many Churches as there are hundreds of inhabitants— three, four, five ecclesiastical structures of various styles and names — any one, certainly any two of which wonld accommodate all the worshipping portion of the population. Subdivision is starvation. There is not enough of anything—of singers, of teachers, cf officers, of givers. The Great Presence is 1 know promised to "two or three," aud some of these little places have thereby been made little heavens below. But that is only when the two or three are gathered together in His Name, and that condition, I venture to say, is not fulfilled when, as is sometimes too obvious, the reason of the third or fourth denominational arrival is not that the gospel was not fully and adequately preached there, but that its own speciality was not exhibited there. In populous towns let Church riBe by Church and every Christian conviction embody Itself, and let each anticipate growth where growth is probable. Bnt if denomination A is already doing ChriBfs work and differing His spirit in a district not likely to require more, I say to denominations B, C, D hasten not thither. You have no call, no sufficient reason, and to go in the face of the good senBe of the world and in violation of the rule of not intruding on other men's labours, so carefully observed by Paul, is to forfeit the right of recognition acd to exhibit your own weakness in the very act cf weakening others more worthy than yourselves, A CHUBCH'S WITNESS. Another condition of strength in a denomination, is that it shall appreciate its own witness. Having a raison d'etre it shall believe it to be good, hold it firmly and with all regard to the proportions, and the charities advocate it strenuously. If one body believes itself charged with the custody of a Calvanistio theology or a Presbyterian regime: or with Arminian theology and a MethodiBt rigime; or with the priestly character of the ministry and an Episcopal regime; or with a witness against all official ministry and for the Adelphian regime; or with the autonomy of each Church and the Congregational regime, let them not be ashamed, but put all possible clearness into their ideas and all force into their convictions. Whatever you be, be. In the camp of Israel every tribe hsid Its flag and every man stood by hiB standard. In our own denomination itiB not unnecessary to insist on this condition. We are weak through inappreciation of the importance of our own witness. The substance of that witness ia BO sublime that it ought to arouse the utmost enthusiasm. The two congregational bodies bave in their especial charge to emphasize the spirituality of the kingdom of God, the sole supremacy of Christ, the realitv, nearness, inviolable sacredness of e^oh goal's personal relations with God, hia absolute independence of all spiritual authority save that cf Christ. It ia a tublime position, an inspiring mis- Ekn, but do our people think so ? fiivo j tbe-e heavenly principles been converted fi cm a traditional aud hereditary possession to the treasures of tbe conscience; ? H vj thiir histors been studied, tbeir pcri»tur?.luefs proved, their immense power ia Church and national life estimated ? EesFOuB not very peitsnent, not very r-oweiful. not always creditable suffice to Fiver K'..aie m-rtons altogether frjm the Crurch o£ thi ir fathers. The new connects i.s ia dctfc::v;B--d by motives it would be r.'.'licnlt Jo M-.i-lj-^. A jounx membsr of tho Jji-itii.i-; l';, :>i>i»ei.-t. whrse abdity ani prom'se Mr Giadttin-e retognihtd by tniliissg Uuivr-Bfiroe S. crrUtry in his own I.iir.itttv, w'-s tbi^ sr.n of a diacon of a CMprt u.itiotiai C-'-orcb aed the -^ram'sca of Gee ] tbofe ijOul-j r.";(-n who cad b;en pr;toi.ed ii-'f Iif eeoaformity. Ta liia ti.ni'ini r-pee^b he boldly avowed his Bt;acV-:titiit to the s'.nc principles, etid Lis jiride in beir.sj of to honourable an anci tUy. ihii h^use j/rrhaps a few thoughtbu t:id been ^ ieer if tiknt on eu jh a shady original. "ih:y would like tite-r fctatesniaa to be sucb ss c.ia boast of farniiy, J/i-'i-KSS Ulxrin idiip J fffitfUS But tbe groat tr-nate cheered the manly c:23- b.-ifci^n, Lnd the whole country ku«w that the Under-Secretary was no tiimmer. Hi3 chief WE3 a High Churchman. Ha was, aud would continue to be a Nonconformist. Great and universal was the grief caused by bis premature death. A not unimportant clement in denominational strength is IN APPROPRIATE NAME. In nomenclature the step from the sublime to the ridiculous IB very soon taken. Some denominational names err and offend by the assumption they involve. *' The Catholic Church" notably, for everybody knows or might know that it is not the Catholic Church. "The Catholic Apostolic Charch" aBsnmes that other Churches are not Apostolic. "The Church of England" in England and her offshoots in the colonies are moBt reluctant to part with the time-honoured and dear name. Hat part with it th=y j must. The common sense of the world j will not allow one of many trne Churches in Kcgland to claim to bo known all over the globe as the Charch of_ England. For the same reason territorial titles will have to be discontinued. While the Church is linked to the State in England we must endure the terms "Provinces of Canterbury" and "York," with " Arcbbishons" of the same, and all the grotesque sign manuals which tbe Bibhope ars obliged to use. W. M. "Ebor," .1. B. " Durham," C. J. "Gloster and Brifctil," "Sararu," "Bith and Wells," , "Scdor and Man," &e.;, But why j . perpetuate the assumption here? Is T Bishop 1 Barry the Piinsa'.e of Australia, or even Bishop of S> liccj ? Is Dr. Goe Bishop of i-felrource, or Dr. K^nnion of Adelaide? Emphatically r.o ! They are able, excellent, faithful citmtko—oi of the adherents of their own Church In thefe legions, bat tbat means ci.'y of a portion of the population, many of v! om do not desire nor will accept their Cbnrcb syf-tem. On like ground I object to M.c«:;tiind by the word " ChurehiTVia" a E-t&jber; of the Anglican orRooiau Church. t-\\-f.iIS AND GSOTrtfQtTE NAMES. Kvither should there be any rtilection cast bv ibt chrsFU name. Am I not a " Bible Christian?' 1 Am I not a "Disciple of Christ?" Am 1 net a "Christian Disciple?" Am I not a "Brother?' though not bt ; c first cr secondly in Plymouth ? Am I i;et a Baptist, who have baptized many Lund/eds, as.d was myself baptized amid the fervent prayers cf a mother, who had bp.en ii^iiit-rped, and a lather wbo had not—prayers v. hichspecially asked the honour of the holy n.inistry fcr tfceir ecn ? " Can you direct me, h ir, to i'10 Christian Church ?" said a stranger to nr.3 cue Suneay mcraicg-. I was half tf-jtod to pc.ict upward to tbe general Avstiiibly Rnd Church of the firstborn en- >i ',kd in heaven (or.ly th^re). Behind me v.2s the Dean'a Church, to the right the C-;lfctdral, north Mr. Rices, north-eatt Arebev- btreet, strakbt before me my own. I Er.id, "Ithict the assembly you mean meets in Kenr.nde-street, thesecondturnto the left " 'i bis unfair and often grossly uncharitable •ute of denominational names, however high tr ucding and grand, is really a weakness, for til unreality is weakness. The denominational name should indicate the point of tfifference — Papal, Protestant, Episcopal, Presbyterian, ilethediet, prefixing or adding a bint of the subdivision, historical, personal, constitutional, as the case may be. Fain wonld we ever so use the word congregaticnal of tbe great binary body so governed, and I hope it is never forgotten tbat between the Baptists and ourselves there is absolutely no difference except that of baptism—they thinking it of sufficient importance to give them a name, we preferring the far more comprehensive and vital xote of the autonomy of the Church. THE COMING OF CHBIST. Brethren, I believe in the coming of the Lord, the speedy coming of the Lord. I am sot a Prsemillennialist, I do not know that I am a Millennialist at ail. But I do believe in the great promise by which the Lord j i | : : !'! j : ! Jesus balanced the announcement of his de- ' parture—" I will see you again." "I mil not ; leave you bereaved, I will come to you." We j have notduly consideredthe eignificanceofthe form in which the promise of power was given, , We pray for increase on planting and wateri ing, for blessmg on the ministry ot the Word, I for an outpouring of the Holy Ghost. Bat j t he promise is that the King will make the kingdom—"Thine the kingdom, thine the ! power.' lam with you always. When , He is come He will convict the world of Bin, j of righteousness, and of judgment. AH ' epochs of progress in the Charch h»T« Been J produced by a coming of the Lord.' The . temple is filled with far-Btreamingglory when He enters it. Is there any present sign that the Lord whom we seek is coming to His temple ? I think there is, and will in a few Eentences try to show what I mean, SOLEMN SIGNS OF THE TIMES. The times are profoundly interesting, I do not say alarming, but full of solemn signs, which one must be blind indeed not to diEcern. The nineteenth century, approaching its tenth decade, is unquestionably the greatest since tbe Advent, because of the breadth and depth, the variety and silence of its revolutions, the momentum ] of which increases with the years. Frcm some source there has come into man's spirit a wonderful awakening—like a resurrection. Ha has opened his eyes on his world acd on j himself, and, as waking from £ dreapij asks what it all means ? VVhy are there ricn anf - fiopr, well to do end ill to do 1 He carries j De w found right of inteijogation every- j i where, and would a6k, and does aBk, of the j 1 i - "-I------ august * person V, whom the Jews . once chal- 1j tenged, By what authority doest thou these things?' It asks kings by what warrant they rule, and God by what righthecommands. Working revolution everywhere, this spirit shows its boldness and power and probable issues chiefly in the spiritual sphere. As to forms of belief, they are changing everywhere. This spirit has loosened the rusty screws of an iron Calvinism, whereat Mr. Spurgeon—brave acd faithful man that he is, though mistaken—takes alarm, and cries, "Icbabod!" The conflict of the nineteenth century mind with first century truth now going on is the sublimest perhaps that earth has ever offered to the gaze of a wondering Heaven. If Christianity can be overthrown it will be now. Traditionalism won't Bave it. The whole pomp and power of the Papacy and its imitations will be swept aside with tbe contempt due to a huge and weak imposture. No new order of apologists is likely to arise with mighty pen and tongue working everywhere conviction for doubt, nor may we hope for any new race of preachers or any break-up and remodelling of the methods of the kingdom. Prophecy hints that good and evil will head np into two personalities for the final encounter. Some expect a personal Antichrist, "the man of sin," to fulfil all that is written of him in the 2 ThessalonianB, including his own doom. Is his time near? If so, equally near must be the brightness of His coming who will extinguish him with a breath. Bat is it safe to rely on this ? Can yon imagine such a person, or that his advent is at mind? Or such a visible counter display as that would necessitate? Still less conceivable is tbe appearance of any snch John or Elijah as the case requires. What then? The crisis must end, The movement is BO immensely serious for all human interests tbat it muBt pause and something like a new order of things must arise. This pelting storm df~scepticism is not to be eternal; the animalism heard in the growl of the blasphemous scepticism of Inglesant, the truly touching laments of scholany pessimism, the painful distraction of millions of believers, all tell that the long oentuiy of anxious enquiry will end in affirmation. Has it ever occurred to you to ask why Christianity has let itself be so discredited? Ought these doubts to be possible ? Is it not conceivable that it should have existed all along in each eubUme heaveaUness that the sceptic Should have no point of attack, that her enemies should bave no evil thing to say against her? Why did Bhe not long ago drive polygamy, slavery, oppression from the earth? Why has die let the "bitter cry of outcast London" be ever heard ? Why has she not settled the land question, the unemployed question, the Irish question? it is in her power. The power to restore a social paradise to earth is in Christ's hands. And the responsibility is enormous for those persons and Bystems which bave given an inadequate idea of Christianity to the world. A real living Church in the place of the shams and caricatures which have borne and disgraced the name would have dispensed with the necessity of armies of apologists. For let It not be forgotten that tbe serious, perhaps the most proliSa Cttuee of the century's tcepticism, ia the century's " Christians." My own persuasion is fcticira that-1hs neat ricover/ v. :!i ctnue ia this lurnt. KQ renewed devo:inc ou tiie p-irt of ;.a-tar.-!ifrs, no deeper etudy of the " dcptrsB oi God" by cur tehoJars, no revived asueticb-m, no tiicrtry ot individoalfcilor. willavaiL The Lvrd tiiiist come HimF.elf. 1\ T -t yeu I tb.'tik in lac gr:-at Paroash, has in p .rtiiiuue L-f His o-.^n rule thtt at ii;vir ; bla ia ir, [ ;:re-_ expedient than a visible liirijction of bis Cl'^iob. He has ever the varyiag i.'tedi i f llhl'Lir.^dwi, uuii badn-fii!;ii]ed tae iccjj. l«vit/, current iTjr-isi-, "L wii'. Ccne'ta VI u." • lie il;:, tniy He, v.i- vvmt CVv dec in ;:>vo tbe true idea, the tru-4 espj.-ie-icu, the ttaiirfoimibft p-7.seB-.i0a of that etarnal life which we have in Bim. 1 ne^d noi, e-uiarge. Let tbe Church be Christiiu acoordiag to ili. own idesh, and the ead is giiaed. Acd this calls for quite a marked further f-'Ivc-iit of tbe Comforter, tiiai its of Uarisi in tbe Paraclete, " Come, Lord Jesus" is the constant cry of the Church. Should not this century's close be marked by the deepening, w idetir.-g, intensity acd unanimity wish which that cry ascends. This is power. Construct and work for denominations as Soripturaliy as you can, but Ten,en,her each Church is worthless for its eiid if it be not a temple of God. It is a receptacle constructed for a definite end—to be a habitation of God through the spirit. Our polity emphasizes this great truth. Let us be foremost in hoping, working, praying, purposing for that enlarged conception of the Church which we believe God. seeing our sore need, is about to send us in another -mission of the Gomforter. A discussion ensued at the clo«e, and it was decided to convey a hearty vote ot thanks to Mr, Hebditcb for his exceedingly valuable paper, as well as an expression from the meeting of sympathy with him in his affliction. The Rev. W. R. FLETCIIEB remarked tbat their meeting that night was one ot peculiar solemnity, and the address wonld serve aB an interesting memento of Mr. Hebditch's Chairmanship. A motion was carried to the effect that the address be printed and bound with Mr. Hebditch's previous address, "Religion in the State,"in order that it might be circulated and form a valuable library volume, the cost of printing to be borne by the Union.. 