Bunyan Bicentenary. Lecture rjy Rev. 'W. Whale. Last evening the Eev. W. 'Whale delivered a ltotuie on John Bnnyan in the Wharf utreot .Baptist schoolroom, to a fair audience ot ludioa and gentlemen. Tho ltcturo was delivered under tho auspices of the Christian Endeavour Society. Tho rev. gvntlcman commouccd hia lccituro by observing that it was over 200 years since John Bunyau died, but tho works hn had left behind him mado tho omujr ui uis iiio wen worm perusal. Biography, ho said, is ouo of tho most in teresting of studies, especially of rauli great men as have mado in some instances tho turning points iu tho world's history, and of reding the men and to understand them in thoir works. Tho name of Bunyan is aBsooiatod not only with greatness but goodness, aud com mends itself to tie ordinary English heart; as any man in the century of English history. His works have become part of tho English classics, _ and his influeuco has boon felt in tho national history, and upon the litera ture of tho country. Bunynn is best known in tho ' Pilgrim's Progress,' ono out of 6ome CO works which ho wrote. In the old country houses, where there is a religious ten dency ut all, tho works of John Bunyan are to bo fonnd, and especially tho ' Pilgrim's Pro giets.' If he had to recommend the next best took to the Bible, ho was simple- minded enouah to eay to tho Christian man the ' Pilgrim'* Progress' would certainly provo to be that book. There ie no book truer to life and which pictures out tho various phases of religious life more graphically than it does. Although it anight be considered by fome to bo Puritanical and imaginative, yet he considered it was ono of the most graphic pictures of tho ianer life of man that has ever been written. Of course the circumstances had very much to do with his life und works, but ho was ouu of those who makft time and circumstance his K-L'rauts, in stead of, like tbo masses of his contemporaries allowing them to bo his master. If he and some oilier heroic souls had not been the masters of their oircumt-tanceB both politioal and re ligious, our liberties would not have been what they are to-day. It was because they roso to the occasion, and utilised their circum stances, choosing to suffer mcanwhilo rather limn submit that they becamo the men whom we honour to-day Tho nieasnro «f liberty enjoyed to-day was sometimes under estimated, and the cost of its attainment for gotten. Tho speaker then went on to show tho cause of Bunyan's imprisonment, and to ex plain the political state of affairs at tho time. Spehking of Bunyan's education, he said that it was pretty certain that ho was merely a plain English scholar, and although a few latin quotations aro to be found in his works, they were probably constructed in Bunyau's later days. Bunyan had no rauk, dignity, or wealth, and therefore had to achievo all the greatness which belonged to him. Judging iroin his writings Bunyan appeared to havo been an excitabh. sort of youth— in fact much the same kind as young men of this time, fond of sport, and tho ringleader ju all kinds of mis cbiof. He appeared to havo been a veiy imaginative man. The world was full of voices, visions, and ghosts, and in this respect he was mueh like Luther nnd Wcpley. Those men cculd never havoexerted tbo influence which they did, if they had not most thoroughly believed in tho spiritual and invisible world. As a preacher Bunynn was verv suc cessful, and always drew largo gatherings wherever ho went after his relcasu from prison. In his preaching ho personified everything — felt and saw, rather than reasoned and believed. It is the general opinion in many places thnt tho ' Pilgrim's Progress' was written in gaol, but this was an error, tho junta going to provo that tho hook was written after his release fro-'i prison. Bunyan was a man who never drouiuod of popularity, but was content with simply doing his dnt», and being a plain, honest, godly, evangelistic man. There isa great deal of talk at present about reading, but the speaker thought that if a number of persons would undertake to read the -? Pilgrim's Progress ' they would find it good, pleasant, and profit able rcer'ution. Some instrumental music was reudorc-d during the evening. A collection wa« also taken up to ilofray expenses. 