THE POLITICAL ItESUKSECTIOK1 IST. _~_ ? -fo. ? „, Rather a lurid light was thrown or threat tened to be thrown on certain long- suspected dark places in our political life by Mr. Oopeland's motion last week challenging the seat of one of the members for Newtown, our old friend the political wood-and»eoal man, Mr. Joseph Mitchell. Shakespeare is often said to have had prescience of most things, but who would have thought that in his memorable description of ' the witching time of night' — ' The time when screech-owla cry and ban-dogs howl, And spirits walk and ghosts break up their graves '?— he had really in his mind's eye a Sydney contested election ? Certainly as to one part of the poet's description — the screech owls and the howling ban-dogs — that has long been a familiar enough feature in our political life, and if Mr. Copeland is a true witness, there would seem to be as little doubt of the other. There has always been some suspicion that the time of a contested election is also in a oease a time ' when churchyards yawn,' but the political ' resurrectionist,' like his brother of the cemetery, working always in the dark, has hitherto managed to remain very much a shade himself, till Mr. Copeland the other day fancied that he had fairly caught a fine specimen in the flesh, and denounced him and his wicked aiders and abettors accordingly. ' There is a person,' said the hon. gentleman in tones that might have suited a veritable ghost story on a winter's night, 'in this com munity well known to everyone knowing anything of Sydney elections, who for years has been a political resurrec tionist, that ia a person who takes care to poll votes for dead men and men who have left the country.' Wot only did he name this portentous person, but he named also his patron and hia price for the latest job on hand, to wit, £30 hard cash in his capacity as raiser of the dead on Mr. Mitchell's Bide during the late ISFewtown election. The patron was not denied, nor the price, and aa for the consideration, no man in his senses, oaid Mr. Copeland, could doubt it, seeing that there was none other possible. Tho portentous per son had no vote of hig own to sell, even supposing that anyone would give him that amount for it if he had one ; but it might well be given fora dozen votes, mean- ' ing the votes of the doxen dead men or so ' raised' by this political body-snatcher for the occasion. A more circumstantial ghost-story was never told, but if Mr. Copeland hoped by his ghastly graveyard revelations to frighten the life out of hon. members and send them conscience-stricken to their beds, ho was never more mistaken in his life. They believe in any such cock-and-bull story which might so easily be got up against any hon. gentleman's seat for which he had paid good, honest money! Tliey believe in an hon. gentleman literally owing his election (the ghost-money, or part of it, having unfortunately to be sued for) to dead men's votes, and he, too, a Govern ment supporter ! Mr. G-arrett was at once put up, as they say, to ' knock the stuffing' out of this portentous apparition of the political resurrectionist with his ghastly burden, and Mr. Garrett was at once in his element. Here was a question touch ing nearly the honour and dignity of the House, and Mr. G-arrett dealt with it as he might have if it had affected nothing more serious than his own. He knew as much about elections, he rather thought, as moat men ; yet he had never heard before of Mr. Copeland's useful acquaintance — ? rather wished, perhaps, he had — never believed in ghost-stories of any kind, not even his fertile friend in that line, the Premier's ; and, in any case, objected strongly to too close an inquiry' into hon. gentlemen's private expenditure at elee^ tions or any other time. As for that miser able £30, how did the hon. member know it was not for cab hire, or ' that infernal printer,' or necessary refreshments (they were not all teetotallers at Newtown, or members of the Assembly who could ' stick it up'), or the ' thousand and one ex penses always incurred at elections ?' to which last objection at least Mr. Cope land might fairly have replied that this raising and running in of dead voters probably was just that odd one expense whish is too often incurred at elections, and should not be. Mr. Garrett, however, carried the day, as he generally does, and the political resurrectionist was voted, if not altogether a malodorous myth, the crea ture of Mr. Copeland's own morbid imagina° tion, at any rate, like another well-known personage, an unsavoury subject, not to be mentioned in good Parliamentary society. It is fair to sav tlmti Mr J Mi f Mi oil showed a much better sense of his own honour and dignity by himself urging and voting for the inquiry which Mr. Garrett for the Government so vehe mently opposed. Doubtless the poor man felt something of the shamo of such a horrid mixture of the graveyard and the District Court, the resurrectionist and tho proeess° server, hanging about his own perfectly in nocent self ; but Mr. Mitchell was at the mercy of his party, whose fault it solely is that it is still an open question whether the hon. member for Newtown is honestly the representative of a real, live suburban con stituency or largely o£ the suburban ceme tery. ________________ 