LAYING THE! FOUNDATION STONE OF WESLEY CHURCH, F HIM AND LE. Last year, it being found that the Wesley Church at present in use in Fremantle had become too small for a steadily increasing congregation, it was decided by the church authorities to endeavour to make arrangements with a view, to the erection of an edifice more suitable to their wants. Satis- factory arrangements having been made, the trustees submitted to Mr. A. M. Bonython, the local representative of Messrs. Terry & Oakden, the task of preparing plans and specifications for the new building. The designs submitted by that gentleman meeting with approval, tenders were called for, and in November last, the tender of Mr. James Halliday, of Perth, to erect the ¦ building for the sum of £1,987 12s., was accepted. The work was started immediately, and since then has progressed in a very satisfactory manner. Yesterday afternoon, the ceremony of lay- ing the foundation stone took place. A scaffolding was erected around the stone, and- decorated with bunting, and an approach to the spot constructed of timber. There was quite a large concourse of spectators present, including a number of visitors from the city. Amongst those present we noticed the Rev. P. C. Thomas, Chairman of the District; Rev. T. A. James of Fremantle ; Rev. J. W. Mouland,: of Guildford ; Rev. T. Bird, of York; Rev. Mr. Hanlin, the Presbyterian minister of Fremantle ; Rev. A. G. Fry, the local Congregational pastor; Mr. W. S. Pearse, M.L.C., Mr. G. Shenton, Mayor of Perth, Mr. R. Fairbairn, R.M., Capt. Humble, F.R.Y., Dr. Barnett, J.P., Mr. J. Manning,. J.P.,: &c.; The members of the Perth and Fremantle Orange Lodges were also present, and the scholars and teachers of the Fremantle Wesleyan Sunday School. Before the proceedings commenced, some slight confusion was caused by a portion of the scaffolding giving way, but, fortunately, ! no harm resulted from the accident. The ceremony commenced with the hymn, " In the name which' earth and hcavW," which was sung: by the Sunday scholars, of tor which a portion of the Scriptures was read by the Rev. J. W. Mouland, and a prayer offered by the Rev. A. G. Fry. Mr. J. Manning, the treasurer, then read a short sketch of the circumstances attending the erection of the building, and deposited a copy, together with other documents, copies of the daily newspapers of Perth and Fremantle, and current silver and copper coins, placed in a bottle, in a cavity which had been prepared in the stone, saying, -. as a he did so, I deposit this bottle , with its contents, in the name of the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost." Mr." Bonython then stepped forward, and, in the name of the trustees presented Mrs. George Shenton with the silver trowel, and requested her to lay the foundation-stone. The trowel, which was the work of Messrs. Wheater C Bennett, of Fremantle, was very artistically executed.. and bore the inscription,. 's Presented to Mrs. G. Shenton by the trustees of the Wesleyan Church, Fremantle on the ocean in the usual manner, amid the applause of the spectators. The stone bore the, following inscription: " Wesleyan Church, Fremantle. This stone was laid by Mrs. G. Shenton, March 7, 1888. Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace." The Mayor of Perth thanked the trustees for the compliment that had been paid to him and his wife, and expressed the interest, they took in all matters connected with the Wesleyan church. In the course of his" speech, during which he referred to the cireumstaritesvratt'ei{dinK Clio erection 2gr flag present church, he said" it was felt that the time had arrived when. Methodism in Fremantle should. be represented by a more suitable building than that now in use. In-building this new church, the trustees hoped to see an edifice erected that would not only be a credit to Methodism in particular, but also to Fremantle, and he need hardly 'appeal to the people to come forward and enable them to pay' off the debt on the building as soon as possible." . say. s' The Rev. P. C. Thomas also delivered an address, after which J a large number of contributions in money and cheques was laid on the staff, the choir. singing "'th, and hymns ".BrihginglnweSheav.es.!. "5 TheRe v. steamers" having, on behalf of the trustees, thanked all who' had taken part in the ceremony, that procedings.. were brought to a close by the, choir singing the hymn'.' This stone to Thee in faith we lay." 