WESLEYAN CONFERENCE. The annual meeting of the weaieyan uon ference woe opened on Tuesday evening in the Pirie-street Church. There was a large attendance. The retiring President. Bev. J. I .(Simpson, occnpied the chair, and delivered THE ANNUAL ADDBE8S, which was in effect as followsThe Wes leyan Church in England had during the paBt year suffered severe loss in the decease of snch men as Mr. Barlow, of Bolton, and Sir William Mac Arthur—men whose princely munificence and devoted service to the Methodist Churoh were known to all. They had also to mourn the death of the Bev. William Batters, of London. The choicest years of his ministry were given to Australian Methodism, ana the servioe thus rendered by his wise ad ministrative ability and eloquent ministry live in the grateful recolleotion of those who had the privilege of being associated with him in Church work. The Christian Church could ill afford to lose suoh men as those— men of large -hearts, Catholio sympathies, manly in the world's arena, genial in human citizenship, but reserving their inteneest affeotion for the cause of God. Shortly after the cIobb of the last Conference the Committee of Privileges deemed it ad visable to send a deputation of repre sentative ministers and laymen to oonvey the fraternal greetings of the Church to the Conference of the Bible ChriBtain and Primitive Methodist Churobes. The recep tion accorded was most cordial, and the re presentatives of the Churches in their replies expressed the admiration and respect enter tained by them towards the Wesley an Metho dist Church. A kindly oo-operation in Christian work where practicable, and a feller cultivation of the fraternal spirit between the various Methodist Churches of this province, must be productive of much good to all. By direction of last Conference an address conveying loyal and respectful con gratulations of the Church to the Queen on the jubilee of her reign was forwarded through the Governor, to which Her Majesty sent a reply. The Wesleyan Churches observed Sunday, Jnne 19, 1887, as a special day of thanksgiving for meroies vouchsafed to the Queen. The jubilee year of the Church in the province was closed with ap propriate eerviceB in May last. Although the yeBr when the jnbilee celebra tions were beld was one of the moBt disastrous commercially, yet the substantial expression of the people s gratitude amounted to the handsome sum of £22,000. In the inception of tbe movement the Jubilee Secretary (the Rev. Charles T. Newman) said—" If the movement is to be productive of all the spiritual and financial results desired it will require tho combined energies of ministers and people. I most earnestly pray that whatever financial gain may be realized it will be the outcome of a deeper spiritual life and fuller consecration to the service of God." TheBe words had happy ful filment. The first distribution of jubilee funds was made in the month of October, when the sum of £3,500 was granted to the most dis tressed trusts, thus affording timely and substantial relief where most required. The Churoh bnilding enterprises during the year bad been comparatively few, and in moBt in stances the greater part of the neoessary funds had been obtained before the erections were oompleted. The foundation- stones of two new Churohee, viz., a handsome Churoh most centrally situated at Laura, and one of simpler architectural proportions at Eudunda had been laid. A neat and commodious Church at Bordertown had been opened, sufficient for Church work there for many years. ' Ah Aot to adapt and assimilate the existing trusts of the Wesleyan Methodist Churoh properties to the present constitution of the Church in South Australia, and for other collateral purposes, had passed the Legislature and received the assent of the Crown. Whilst the Bill did_ not grant all that was desired, yet in some important par ticulars it would be of much service to the Church. Through the generosity of the Messrs. Chaffey Brothers a selection of lands for Church purposes in their new irrigation colony of Benmark had been obtained. The Conference evangelist, the Be v. David O'Donnell, had laboured with energy. His work, which had principally been confined t<> the country towns, had been, marked .with a gratifying measure of success. The financial results had caused the committee some amount of anxiety, which they hoped would be removed by the generosity of those who were moBt able to assist. A class leaders convention was held in August.- The attendance was good, and fairly repre sentative. Thoughtful papers were read and admirable addresses followed, empha sizing the convietion that class meetings were the mainstay of the spiritual aotivities. The second gathering waB of the looa preachers. The response to the invitation was hearty, and the meeting was large, con sidering the season of the year. Papers on different phases of a preacher's work were read, and frank discussion followed. The proposal for the establishment of a Local Preachers' Association to assist aged and infirm brethren was cheerfully adopted. Such an Association' should commend itself to the people. The home mis sion work had been sustained in the face of many difficulties among the newlea on the Great Northern line—the people in the new mining districts, and the settlers on Kangaroo Island, with some measure of succeBB. The Northern Territory mission osntinnes to flonrish. The £ev. J. K. Brad bury at Palmerston, who was now the only ProteBtant minister in the Northern Terri tory, wrote hopofully of the future. It was hoped that arrangements would be made at the Conferenoe for the appointment of a minister who had acquired the language and hsslabouredformany years among the Chinese, eo that some weli-direoted efforts might be made for the evangelization of the Chinese population in the Northern Territory. From Western Australia accounts were reoelvedof the extension of work in the ooou{>anay of new fields of labour and of extensive pro posals for the erection of new Chnrehes and parsonages. From the returns tarnished by the several diBtriot meetings it appeared that there were 7,662 members, with 820 on trial, under the care of 403 class- readers. In the Sunday-schools were 19,905 scholar*. The attendants at pnblio worship were 49,054, who were ministered to hy 80 ministers ana 416 local preachers. Yet with all the labour expended the results were far from satis factory. More attention muBt be given to the yonng people—in borne, and Cburoh, and sobool. Could not the pnblio services be made more attractive to the yonng men and maidens of our Church ? Can they not be gathered into classes nnder careful conscien tious leaders, by whom they might be trained in Biblical knowledge ana in trae Christian life? And thus equipped and strengthened the young people would he better prepared to meet the scepticism of the times. The trend of thonght to-day was aceptioal, and it might become more so before it again became reverent and faithful, None could deny that tbongbt is more dar ingly exerotsed and expressed on religious matters than it used to be. Views of God's truth were openly advanoed and without fear of rebuke, which would scarcely have beeu ventured upon a generation sinoe, even by those who were snspeoted of a freer thought. Numbers of people had now what were oalled broader views— more liberal ideas than their fathers had—and, while professedly Chris tian, interpreted Christianity in a diffe rent way. The popnlar literature of the day was saturated with the scepti cal spirit, and the people oould not escape its influence. That freer thought might be closely allied with the deoay of faith and death of piety. Perhaps those were its special dangers,and they had heed to guard against them. Tneir need as Chris tian Churches was an increase of spiritual power. What precieely'was spiritual power ? Be would eay that it was the power which came to him alone who had utterly' and un reservedly yielded himself np to God, and who in the etreDgth of a personal experience from hie heart could eay, " I believe in the Boly Ghost, the Lord and Giver of Life." Spiritual power was something additional to tpe Christian life—a distinct and separate gift —linked to the Holy Ghost on God s side and to faith on their side. It was a living faith in the Triune God—a large faith laying its hand of strength on all, the promises, espe cially those that promised the gift of the Holy Ghost, not as an influence, bnt as a divine person. Spiritual power demanded the abundance, healthfulness, and sweetness of the Christian life. Entire consecration wsb one of its conditions. They who possess it walked humbly with their God, and culti vated that ieiidernees of heart which feared to grieve Him. Living illustrations of its possession were in the circle of acquain tance. He wonld qnote famous preachers or evangelists; homelier examples would do batter. Such men and women had not neceBsarily commanding intel lects—were not masters of eloquence or of the art of managing men, were not born leaders, yet they had something about them that attracted, disarmed, interested, pene trated, and by God's graoe communicated iteelf to others. Their Christian life Itad that contagions quality which the earlv Methodists called section, fathers and brethren rested not without its bestow* merit, flad they not indulged too much in casting backward glanoes upon the glorious achievements of Christianity ui the generations that were past? Do tbey not need frankly to confess their past shortcomings. of service and boldly lace the stern duties of the present and the limit less possibilities of the latere ? Events were moving faBter than ordinary thinkers sap posed. The first essential doty was to secure the conversion of men—get men and women soundly converted, get them really to trnet in the Lord Jesns as a personal Savionr, and tbey sbonid then exhibit the victorious strength and vigour of a renewed life, originated and sustained by direot fellow ship with God. They needed to exhort Christian men and women to be daring en thusiaatia workers in Christ's name. More fully than ever they must employ consecrated and capable laymen who were willing to give the whole ot their time to the direct work of Cod. Where the Gospel was not preached let them be determined to preaoh it. The present was theirs. They had room to work, and light to work in. The opportunities of yesterday conld never be reoafied, but they oould honestly faoe the responsibihties of to day. They mnet not shrink from thinking abont tbem; they lay between them ana Qod. There were passionate needs and great encouragements, each as no previous age ever possessed, for honest work for God and the souls of meD. ELECTION OF PRESIDENT. The names of all the ministers of fifteen years' standing who were eligible for the office of President of the Conference were read by the Secretary (the Rev. James Haelam). The election then took place, and the Rev. James Haelam was declared eleoted. The ex-Presi dent handed him the Conferenoe seal and Bible. Mr. Haslam expressed his sense of the faononr conferred nponhim,and mentioned that for more than twenty-one years be had exercised his ministry in Sonth Australia. A more important Conferenoe than that now opened bad not been held, as theqnestionBtobe considered were of vital interest. The work would demand wisdom and zeal, especially in the appointing of the sphere of labour for the year of eaoh minister. Great ohangaa were being advocated in Circuit matters, and in those God and the Cbnroh must be first considered, then personal claims. Self-sacri ficing loyalty to Christ and His Church must he cultivated; the claims of the brotherhood demanded it, and the times demanded it. The Eev. D, S. Wylie was chosen Secretary of the Conference, and the Revs. J.Nicholson and R. Kelly were elected Assistant Secre taries. The Rev. R. S. Casely was elected letter-writer. STATIONS. The Stationing Committee made recom mendations of nameB and stations. A vote of thanks was aooorded to the ex President, on the motion of the Rev. C. Lane, seconded by the Rev, S. Bioetobd, supported by the Rev. R. M. Hunteb. In his reply Mr. Simpson acknowledged the substantial help he had received from the various ministers of the city and suburban Circuits. The thanks of the Conference were given to the Rev. James Haslam for servioe as Secretary. Second Day—Wednesday, Januaby 18. The Revs. J. Allen and W. Reed were appointed a committee to tabulate the re commendations from the District Meetings. It was agreed that the examination of the probationers who have travelled four years take place on Friday morning, and that the annual meeting of Prinoe Alfred College com mittee be held on the following Wednesday afternoon. A letter was read from the Seoretary of the Y.M.C.A., offering the use of its room to the members of the Conference during its session. Acoepted with thanks. It was resolved that fraternal and con gratulatory telegrams be sent to the con ferences in session in the other colonies, and that negotiations he opened with the New South Wales Conference to eeoare the ap pointment of the Rev. £. Toungman to Palmerston as successor of the Rev. J. R. Bradbury in April next. The Revs. C. Lane, S. Knight, and B. G. Edwards were appointed to attend the funeral of the late wife of the Rev. G. W. Kendrew, and a letter of condolence with Mr. Kendrew in his deep affliction was read and acoepted by the Conference. The Rev. B. G. Edwards applied for a year's rest on account of his health. Granted. Permission was given to the Bev, W. A. Bainger to visit England during the year. The application of the Rev. T. Edmeades to become a supernumerary was reported. Several ministers spoke of their regret at his retirement, and expressed their appreciation of his past services. The examination of ministerial characte was next proceeded with, and the question were answered satisfactorily. The question of stations was further con sidered, and the Conference adjourned. Thibd Day, Jaitoaby 19. Congratulatory telegrams were reoeived from the other Colonial Conferences. F. Martin was received as a probationer for the ministry. It was resolved that Thomas Trestrail be sent for a year's training at the Provisional Theological Institution. The second reading of stations was passed as follows:— L Southern District. — Adelaide (Pirie street), Samuel Knight, Samuel F. Prior (Draper Memorial), James Bead (Mile-End), Henry C. George (Parkside), James Biokford (Parkside), supernumerary; Adelaide (Aroher etreet), John H. Trevorrow, John Watts -.Prospect); Adelaide (Kent Town), R, Morris Hunter, William Beed (Payneham), Thomas RaBton (Kent Town), supernu merary; Adelaide (Norwood and Magill), Charles lane, William A. Langsford (Magill); Adelaide (Brompton), Thomas Lloyd; Unley, JameB Haslam (President of the Conference; Glenelg, J. Young Simpson; Port Adelaide and Semaphore, Robert S. Caselev (Port), George E. Rowe (Semaphore), T. Edmeades (Woodville), supernumerary; Gumeracha, William A. PottB; Willunga, John D. Langs ford; Clarendon, Archibald J. Bogle; Ald Sate and 8nmmertown, one to be sent; fount Barker, Robert Kelly, one to be sent (Woodside): Murray Bridge and Callington, to be supplied: Stralhalbyn, Augustus D. Bennett; Yankalilla, Edward Barber; Goolwa, Charles H. Goldsmith; Kangaroo Island, to be supplied; Palmerston,James R. Bradbnry. IL—Middle District.—Gawler, William H. Rofe; Kapunda, James Allen ; Angaston, Thomas B, Angwin, M.A.: Tempters and Stockport, John Nairn; Burra, Henry T. Burgess, Joseph A. Hadley; Clare, Albert Stubbs, George W. Kendrew (Mintaro); Auburn, John H. Goss; Riverton, John Leggoe; Hanson, to be supplied; Eudunda, AUr<\- ~ " ired P. Burgess^ ill.—-Northern District,—Melrose, wimam A. Bainger; Wilmington, Freaeriok S. Finch :Beltana and Blinman, to be supplied: Fort Pirie, William G. Clarke; Crystal Brook and Redhill, William Stnart; Koo lunga, Thomas M. Rowe; Jamestown, John GilUngham; Lanra, W. Benson Mather! Terowie, Isaiah Perry; Port AuguBta, John C. Bill; Quorn, Thomas B. ThomaB. M.A.: Hawker, William A. Willikan; Oladdie and Walloway (Johnsburg), Arthur 8. J. Fry; Petersburg, John Blacket; Teetulpa, one to be eent; Silverton (N.S.W.), Samuel Bossiter, Albert W. Bray. IV.—Yorke's Peninsula Distriot.—Moonta, David S. Wylie (Secretary of the Con ference), Charles H. Nield (Moonta Mines); Kadina and Wallaroo, David O'Donnell; Port Wakefield, Walter H. Han ton: Yorke town, Jonathan J. Nicholls; Minlaton, George Hall jMaitland, H. Henwood Teagne; Ardrossan, Henry Trewren; Port Lincoln, William fl. Hodge; Elliston, Henry Wil kinson: Franklin Harbour, one to be sent. V.—South - Eastern District. — Mount Gambier, Joseph Nicholson; Narracoorte, John N. Mills; Millicent, one to be sent; Kingston, Richard DunBtan ; Bordertown, George K. Wheatley. VI.—Western Australia District.—Perth, Panl C. Thomas, one from England, J. W. Mouland (Guildford); Fremantle, Thomas A. James: York, Thomas Bird, one wanted, William Lowe, supernumerary; Geraldton, Vivian Roberts, Joseph G. Mitchell (Don sarra); Albany, Moses Bullae; Banbury, Edward Boliday; Newcastle ana North&m;, Horace FanlL N.B.—Charles T. Newman is recommended by the Jubilee Distribution Committee to continne as Jubilee Secretary. B. Gilbert Ed wardB has permission to rest for one year. 