WILLIAM PRITCHARD-MOEGAN. THB WELSH " GOLD KING" AMD ISISB HOME BULBS INTERVIEWED _BY A. " FBEEMAN" BEPBEBENTATIVB. Merthyr, 11th September, i Outwardly the' Castle-Hotel atr Merthyr 'resembles' anjrurdinary English county hostelry. Inside one is str&ck; by the long, ; rambKng ^passagesand th6 many stepswbicE, in daxk' corners, are traps to Hie ieetofthe wn-<. wary. Ghosts might lurk in the shadowy gesturing -belat^-commercials : ar< they stumble upBt&irBto; bed, for bloody history has been written here. Fifty-two years _ago this inn was the head-quarters of a Highland regiment marched from Brecon to put down with the arm of authority the protests of the then starving thousands of South Wales. The people called for bread; the reply of " authority" was lead and steel. That passage by the bar, where] smiling mademoiselle concocts " spotreachers," and Mrs. Sarvis and the cook hold counsel as to the commercial dinner, famed " on the road" throughout Great Britain, was then piled up with dead bodies. And from the upstairs sitting-room, where Mr. William Pritchard-Morgan and his secretary are at work, the kilted soldiers fire down on the hungry and angry crowd. In those days it was a misdemeanour to be poor, a felony to express discontent. The representative, as he shakes hands with the " Wesh Gold King," thinks that they have not altered things much in this respect, at least so far as Ireland is concerned. THE BETUBNED AUSTRALIAN who woos the electors of Merthyr is every inch a Celt. He is fall of the restless energy of s his | race; Short, muscular, sunburnt; with hands browned and hardened by toil in early youth, and hair already streaked with grey, the flashing black eyes are the great feature of the man. The soul of the orator looks through them. For, although Mr. Pritchard-Morgan has, amongst other things, been a journalist, it ,is evident that the tongue is his weapon. He walks up and down the room rapidly, dictating rounded periods, which are taken down in shorthand by his private secretary, a young gentleman who is cousin of a prominent ^Australian lawyer and legislator. An Australian journalist is at another table writing out his "copy" for the Antipodes, where Mr. Pritchard-Morgan's candidature is an event of much interest; for, as our reporter opens his note-book, there comes a cablegram of congratulation from miners at Charters Towers, which the recipient seems to value a great deal more than another cablegram announcing that rich gold has been struck at a Queensland - mine, of which he is the principal shareholder. . The reporter soon sees that Pritchard-Morgan is a different type of returned Australian to those shoddy Conservatives who seek notoriety by inhabiting dead men's houses, and would sell their souls as well as their votes to date their letters from the Carlton Club. A MAN OP THE PEOPLE. " I wish you clever Pressmen would not call me the ' Wesh Gold King,'" says Mr. Pritchard-Morgan. "I am a man of the people. If I have made a fortune after thirty years of hard work, I do not wish to be thought a mere representative of money. - It is not on account of that that my old mates in Australia sent me this cablegram.' People laughed at my letter to the Times in which I said I would 1 devote my wealth to national purposes. But if my mines turn out as I expect, I hope to astonish the- Houefe of Commons some day. I wish to leave my children well off. I like to lire well, to give my friends who come to 'see me the best of everything; but beyond that I. think no man ought to possess -wealth which can only be hoarded and accumulated. I shall devote mine toa specific GBEAT NATIONAL PUBPOSE. I shall not tell you what it is, for I may never be wealthy enough to do what I hope. But that is my idea about money and the obligations of wealthy men. My public platform is that I am a NATIONALIST AND HOME BTJLEB to the spinal marrow of my back-bone. How can a Welshman help being a Nationalist. We have suffered and -still suffer in Wales from evils forced on us by i English Tories; from laws made by Parliaments not in sympathy with ihie people; from an English Established Church which the majority disBent from ; from a : system of JLand tenure which must be altered. ' .VHJ-M -n't i'.'-'m JTrSTICE TO IBEIiAirb "/.'.I ul demands that it* shall have HomeRulej either Mr. Gladstone's^ ineasure or orifc more advanced. And justice to Wales and Scotland demands thtit Ireland will help us to a thorough syitem of Lbcal Self-governmentwhen shehasgptwfeit she 'wanfs, nn ' IFwjtunfcd; of T ,cdtarpe 5 f sfiall supportMrT 'Gladstone or anyothfer atateirinan who may succeed hiut ' in " " NBVBB CHJLITEINV \- "Ypasay I cm accused of havingonoe present I have never cb Home EuJe, which I have always advocated, even when the Liberal party did not do so. As a Welsh Nationalist, I must be an Irish Nationalist. People down here have been circulating the report that I had Conservative views, because some of my friends in the city and society are Conservatives. Because Lord Winchelsea is chairman of the Morgan Gold Mining Company, does it follow that I hold any of his political views P Oar follow director, Mr. Hanbury Eacey, I hope, is a sound Home filler. No, sir, I fight this election out on pure Radical Home Rule lines. The authorities who persecuted Mandeville to death, and who are following up the same course with Dillon, could not be supported by any Australian not a sycophant." A WOEKINGMAK CANDIDATE. " I will only retire," continued Mr. Pritchard- Morgan," in favour of a workingman representative, although I consider I am as much a labour representative as any in the House. But if the miners choose one of their own class, a man from the pit of the foundry, I will retire and support him. I have no fear of being beaten by any of the half-and-half Liberals whose names are mentioned. As a Welsh Nationalist, a Radical, and a Home Ruler, I consider that the people will elect me. I will fight this election to the end against all-comers except a Radical Home Rule workingman representative. All my life my aspirations have been with the Sen wladfynhadau, the land of my fathers, as we say here, and I hope to lire to be no unworthy member of a NATIONAL WELSH PABTY, which, with the Irish and the Scotch Radicals, will control English Tories. Good-bye! Glad to see you. Just off to Dowlais. Cymry am bydd J" 