? (BY THE Avri-BHiYcs' I see that Billyus is at agaui, trotting out Fastens WvH Mars, insultinw V 5 he tried it on iu Marcli br ef time since he Z ^ A "these word butche Kl tbS all ordinary common sense k S hetafeBmiugssateSa fishwife. That tnd the iS?®" savour too much of malt • what like the weather, is a good dog, but Bite tfJLS Billyus, with all Ins tall tj]J come up to either. All he vll yap-yap, aud make-believeattfel Fastosus, himself, "can, as may warrant, a tale unfold t£3 well," etc. is it a ChinamaWi js well-known that Billyus is vena in his inclinations? "Bie-- ' I; , might as well hare said, "^'j., up either of my pretty little could make such a commotion niggers and the Mauclutfriends—that ever afterwards I sjsa have the slightest difficulty io 5*! ' uiug' or ' die loau of a M-ctiil demand." Billyus should tfci- EK 'l the " poor ghost" aud Fastiii; c the only ones srho "could atilec Himself may "call up spins a vasty dee])," nay, eren frouitfc an hotel bar, but they nil] E J come. Unless I am misinformed. once in the preaching line, a expounder of " the firstMe" 1 he was a bible student, did tit Q-.TJ: with this injunctiou, "Be cjsit.f other words, act as a ^endear' tosus's friend may kuow a its; may, for example, know the d&d; taste between beer aud rckifsij ''weisky," and he may, tnn.ki! difficult it is at times to okaiattfeia a half-crown ; but to " be ore one of the things he has re: 1 The thousaud-and-one things ffii^ capable of imagining, and belisi suppose, when he ^ets on tli;' " a gond jorum," is truly » Why," not long ago, he was boasi-:-j heard—that he was u'orthM'.Wof his great points is the cuBK imaginary speeches, and there E peculiarity about them—ther t'l accompanied with beer. They 4.;J like newly-drawn beer- fwtliv.&l; is usually the case with them, long and tedious, they are Eeais 1 of beer—disgusting. Intw_>":= : model speeches published iu teerl called "Random Shots," lie mitted as many egregious biuwa I has put all his china in "»<! an " Obserrer " may, <® e ® T take it into his head to kick Billyus and his cliiua. In that®. be his turn to say, "Men, Is' and then he will "tear to thought that there isnoJir. fawn upon and toady. lie puts into the mouth of.tas^l dearly beloved patron is paWWJ fortunate (for both patron wi.^ if cynics speak the truth aboiuH now in course of construct!"" • endeavour." Billyus makes is-- say.'^yourreprese^; years to come, as 1M™ u J years that have passed. ^ Sion; excusable in a sentoie^ Ji whom the probable cow* ^ "Get thee to a nunnery. 1 