BRITISH AND COLONIAL INDEBTEDNESS. The Conversion of Stocks Bill, which is the title of the measure introduced by Mr. Goschenfor the purpose of reducing the rate of interest payable on some £558,000, 0C0 of the public debt of Great Britain, has been passed bv both Houses of the Imperial Parliament. It ia a little more tban a fortnight ago that we were made acquainted with the fact that a measure of the kind was to be brought forward, and it speaks volumes for the favor with which the proposal has been received that in so short a time such an ? important Bill should have been carried in both Houses. In our colonial Parlia ments almost every member would have been anxiouB to make a speech on the subject, and it would probably have taken months to get the Bill piloted through all its stages. British members of Parliament are not expected to be acquainted with every question, under the eon, and as a rule only the specialists on the subjects under consideration speak. In the colonies it is too often the caee that members will insist upon pro claiming their ignorance by rising to address the House on every conceivable topic. The name of British investors in the public stocks of the country is legion. From the latest figures which are avail able we gather that no less than 260,931 pereons receive dividends from the funds, arid to each of these the decrease of in terest from 3 to 2£ per cent. — which is the minimum fixed by the Bill — means a loss of one-sixth of their incomes from this Eource. They are, however, to be let down easily, receiving 2| per cent, now ; while the reduction to 2^ per cent, ifi only to come into force at the expiration of 14 years, from which period it is guaran tetd that the interest shall not be altered for 20 years. This is the scheme, so far as we are able to gather its purport from necessarily brief telegrams. Its great ad vantage from the bondholder's point of view is that it secures to him a fixed rate of interest for a fixed term ; the benefit to the State is that should the whole of the holders of bonds come in under tbe arrangement a saving of £1,400,000 a year will be at once effected in interest, and at the expiration of 14 years ihis annual saving will be doubled. Thoee holders of bonds who will not come in under the Dew Act will doubtless be paid off as eoon as the Government can legally compel them to take the money, and any amount required to be borrowed by the State for this purpose will be pro cured at probably 1\ per cent. Mr. Goschen'a huge financial transac tion 18 simply the result of the exceedingly low rate of money. This has been taken advantage of by a shrewd business man in the interest of the country, and the large saving which will be effected by the scheme will be a substantial relief to the British taxpayer. But there 1b another side of the question which is specially interesting to the Australian colonies The abundance of money at home should keep interest low here. The opportunity should also be seized to place before British investors such mining and other legitimate ventures as are likely to yield a profitable return. The most eerious question of all is, however, this — W hy, if British investors in consols are to be content with 2\ to 2f per cent, for their money, should the Australian colonies go on borrowing at Z\ to 4 per cent. 1 Practically Australian bonds are ss safe as Britten consols. There is not the ghost of a fear of repudiation in either cBBe, but if a peril of this kind exists at all, it arises from the rapid growth of socialistic views in the old world, where the fearful poverty and alarming social in equalities appear to some to be threaten ing the stability of national institutions. It has been recently said that the British capitalist has just discovered Australia, and the enormous increase in the market value of colonial bonds which has taken place during tbe last fortnight shows the falth^repoBed in our resources and the integrity of our Governments. It is esti mated that the rise in Australian bonds in these two weeks amounts to a total of no less than three millions sterling. The prices which purchasers are now paying will only return interest at rafcea varying from £3 8s. 3d. to £3 3s. 9d. per cent, for Victorian bonds ; about an average of £3 6s. for New South Wales bonds ; and about £3 I4s. 6d. for South Australian bonds. Accordingly it seems probable that colonial loans could be floated in London at par, with interest at 3£ per cent, at the outside, and possibly at 3 per cent. Should the latter rate prove sufficient, it wonld mean a saving in in terest of £300,000 a year on the renewal of the present public debts of the Aus tralian colonies. But unfortunately the renewal of these loans, or at any rate the majority of them, is not possible fora very long time io come. Oar South Australian four per cent, loans are made repayable between the years 1916 and 1936, having a currency of 50 years, which is a most palpable mistake. New South Wales has made a similar blander, her Ia&t; big four per cent, loans having a cur retcy of 50 yeara. Victoria followed a wiser course, and made her last authorised loan redeemable in 23, 29, and 31 years. Had New South Wales and South Australia adopted the Victorian limit of time they might not have obtained quite so much for their loans, but if at the expiration of 29 years Victoria is able to get her loan renewed at 3 per cent., whilst the other two colonies are continuing to pay 4 per cent, for a further period of about 20 years, the loss of this 1 per cent per annum will in the case of New South Wales alone amount to a total of a million and a half sterling. In any future borrowing ib i3 to be hoped that South Australia at any rate will calculate on the possibility of her bonds being in a few years as favorite an outlet for the investment of British capital at 3 per cent , as consols will be at 2h per cent., and will there fore make the currency of her bonds much shorter, so as to derive the benefit of the increased favor into which colonial securities will, we believe, grow from year to year. As it is, our four per cent, bonds are so long- dated, and consequently at such a considerable premium, that any idea of their conversion by offering low rates of interest for longer- dated bands is im practicable. All that remains for us to do is to profit by the experience of the past, and in any future loans to make re demption possible at a much earlier date tban has heretofore been the custom. The ' eweet simplicity of the 3 per cents.' seems now a thing of the past, and the ' sweet simplicity of the 2£ per cents.' is not likely to prove by aDy means as attrac tive to the British investor. We shall hear a good deal more now of Victorian and South Australian fours, and of New South Wales 3| per cents. The opportunity which will thus be afforded to the Aus tralian colonies by the operation of Mr. Goechen's Conversion of Stocks Bill, of borrowing at easier rates of interest than have prevailed hitherto, will make the proeecution of public works a less risky undertakingthanit has been in the past, be cause the ltsa interest there la to ba paid en the loans for their construction the sooner they will become reproductive. From every point of view the result of Me. Goschen's financial propoala ia moat satisfactory to the colonies. John Ball made a splendid investment when he bought Australian bonds, and he ought to feel very grateful to thSie colonies for fcffuidujg him such a profitable outlet for hiB surplus capital. ' 