Bishop O'Reily Petersburg. The right rev Dr O'Reily, Bishop of Port Augusta, reached Petersburg on Friday last by the midday train from Jamestown. He was accompanied by the very rev Dean Nevin and Father leCary (of Port Augasta) and Father O'Connor (of Pekina). He was met at the railway station by the Rev. Father Norton, pastor of the district, and driven to the Presbytery. During the past six weeks his Lordship has been visiting the western portion of his diocese, and everywhere has received a most en- thusiastic welcome. His visit to Petersburg, on this occasion, was principally to administer the holy sacra- ment of Confirmation. On Sunday morning his Lordship celebrated the 8 o'clock mass, the church being crowded. At 11 o'clock the church was again excessively filled, and numbers were unable to gain ad- mission. The mass was said by the rev Father Norton after which his Lord- ship vested in cope and mitre and crozier in hand—the two latter especial- ly being the sign of his episcopal office and authority—commenced the cere- mony of Confirmation. Fifty-four persons who have been preparing them- selves for some time past, were present- ed to the Bishop that they might re- ceive from his hands the strengthening and confirming grace of this Sacra- ment. Confirmation is, in the teaching of the Catholic Church, the second, in the order of the sacraments and strengthens the spiritual life which has been bestowed by baptism, changing the recipients into strong men and soldiers of Christ. It is defined as a sacrament in which through the im- position of the Bishop's hands the unction or anointing of holy chrism (which is the mixture of oil, olives and balsam blessed by the Bishop), and certain sacred words, those who have been regenerated by baptism receive the strength and gifts of the Holy Ghost steadfastly to confess the faith with which they were imbued at the baptismal font. Before administering the sacrament the canons require that the Bishop address candidates and ex- plain how the Bishop is the ordinary minister of Confirmation. This his Lordship did in most eloquent terms re- ferring to the nature and institution of this sacrament and describing the first Pentecost Sunday when the Holy Ghost descended visibly in the form of tongues of fire and sat upon every one of the Apostles, as we read in holy scripture, He then conferred the sacrament, the candidates having come up to the Bishop two and two in order and whilst so do- ing he pronounced the words to each person confirmed: "I sign thee with the sign of the cross, and I confirm thee with the chrism of Salvation in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost." The girls were all dressed in white with wreaths and veils, and the boys wore green sashes thrown over the shoulder. After confirmation the Bishop again addressed the confirmed on the peculiar obligations which this Sacrament imposes, and tendered also to them some wholesome homely Cath- olic advice in the form of rules to guide their future conduct. The Bishop was assisted throughout by the Rev Father Norton. In the evening the church was again crowded to listen to the Bishop discoursing on the authority of the Catholic church in the institution of certain days ordered to be kept holy and the observance of fasting days. His Lordship treated of the authority of the church in generating various passes from the Scriptures to show that she is divinely constituted and established by the Redeemer as the "kingdom of heaven" and "the kingdem of Jesus Christ ", the "Fold of Christ" and being such all men are bound to listen to her her voice and obey her commands as the commands of God. He concluded with a particular practical re- ference to the various days ordered by the Catholic Church to be kept holy and the due observance of the church's command to fast and abstain on certain days, explaining the reasons which prompt the church to im- pose these obligations. His Lordship's discourse was a most able exposition of the teaching of the church on this point, and he was listened to most attentively by the congregation. On Tuesday His Lordship left by the afternoon train for Port Augusta. 