-1 N AUTUMN EVENING IN WHITE CH APEL. ; ? 'Whitechapel and Spitalfields are ..always in teresting neighbourhoods, and recent events have made them decidedly more.-interesting. Tlioy have afforded startling illustrations of the dreadful possibilities of life down in the -un fathomable depths of these vast human warrens. At all times one who strolls through this quarter j of town, especially by nicht, must feel that below his ken are the awful" deeps of an ocean teeming with life, but enshrouded in impenetr able mystery. -As he catches here and ? there a glimpse of a face under the flickering, uncertain light of a lamp-the face perhaps of some woman, bloated by drink and distorted by. passion-he may get a momentary shuddering sense of what humanity may sink-to when; life is lived apart from the sweet, healtli-giving influences of fields and flowers, of art and music and books and travel, of the stimulus of interest ing enterprise, the gentle amenities of happy hours and intercourse'with the . educated aud the cultured. A momentary sense of what human nature may become, may here, and there flash in upon one as lie gazes out upon the dark' waters, but it is only when the human monster actually rises for a moment to the-surface arid disappears again, leaving a'victim -dead' kniF disembowelled, that one quite realises that tl\a.t momentary scene is a dread reality. Just for a few days the mass of the people of" Spitalfields and Whitechapel themselves seemed: to be realising the awful possibilities of the nature that belonged-to the.n. Thousands of them were really shocked and sobered, by that last tragedy especially. One could see in the people's faces, and could detect iu their tone3 and answers, an indefinable something'which told plainly that they had been horrified'by-a revelation. Many of course were terribly frightened. Mr. George Holland,- whose rev mirkable work has been going on for so very many years in premises occupying, an obscure position in George Yard, Whitechapel-where it will be remembered one of thgse' unfortunate women was found with thirty or forty stabs siys that the sensation has affected his institu tion very greatly. He has some*iiuridreds of young women connected with his place, ;ind many of them have been' afraid to'stir ?oiit after d irk, lie is uuder.some anxiety, too, lest ladies who have been wont to come down there on w intei e\ euings to teach and entertain his youn-*? people, should be deterred by this latest addition to the evil reputation of Whitechapel, and he is earnestly pushing on alterations in liis premises which will give him a frontage out in the main road. On the other hand, Mr. Charrington, whose great place stands out boldly on the Mile luid highway a blaze of light and cheerfulness, thinks that people have more tlian ever thronged out of the dark and. silent byways .and back lanes into the broad pavement and into the glare of light thrown upon it by .shops aud public houses and entertainments, aud the-innumerable hawkers aiul salesmen of one sort 'and another who line the "waste" along the Mile End Road Since these outrages the dark places of White chapel and Spitalfields have undoubtedly been a little darker aud stiller, awl.more depressing. isDine streets have presented, even to those familiar with thein, quite a desolate and deserted appearance after nightfall. But the nine-days' wonder has passed, the effect of the shock has visibly subsided, and people are beginniu" to move freely again. ° Tmn down this side street out of the main Whitechapel Road. It may be well to tuck out of view an}- bit of jewellery that may be glitter ing about; the sight of means -to do ill deeds makes ill deeds done. The street is oppres sively dark, though at present the gloom is relieved somewhat by feebiy lighted shop - fronts. Men are lounging nt° the doors of ^the shops, smoking evil-smelling pipes. Women with bare heads and with arms under their aprons are sauntering about in twos and threes, or are seated gossiping on steps lead ing into passages dark as If rebus. Now around the corner into another still gloomier passage, for there are 110 shops here to speak of. This"is the notorious Wentwortli Street. The police used to make a point of going through this onlv in couples, and possibly may do so still when they go there at all. Just now there are none met with." It is getting on into the night, but gutters, and doorways, and passages, and stair cases appear to tecmins? with children. .See there in that doorway of a house without a glimmer of light about it. It looks to be a baby in long clothes laid 011 the floor of the passage, and seemingly exhausted with crying. Listen for a moment at this next house. There is a seuflle going on upon the staircase-all in the densest darkness-and before you have passed a doyen yards there is a rush down stairs and an outsnrging into the street with lighting and sureaming, and an outpouring of such horrible blackguardism that it makes you shudder as you look at those curly-headed preternattirally sharp-witted children who leave their play to gather around the melee. God help the little niortais ! How can they become anything but savages," bests of society," the "'dangerous classes," and so on. How black and uiuit-1 terably gloomy all the houses look ! How infinitely all the moral and physical wretched ness of such localities ap these is intensified by the darkness of the streets and the houses. It is wise ami astute of !Mv. Burnett to give cmphatic expression to the cry that lias so often been raised for " more light" for lower London. If in this one matter of light alone, the streets r.nd houses of .the "West End were reduced to the condition of the East, "what would life be come there ! Oh, fci- a great installation of the electric light, with which, as the sun goes down, to" deluge the streets and liffiei^ the dark iilleys and passages, the staircases and. rooms of this nether world. , Homes would become cleaner, and more cheerful and "attractive ; life-would become healthier, whole masses of crime would die out like toadstools under sunlight, and what remained would be more easily dealt wiill. The Cimmerian darkness of lower London in doors and out constitutes' no small part' of its wretchedness, and the brilliant lighting of the public-house gives itmueh of its attraction. Even the repute of many of these shady localities is due in grant measure to their iinpenetrablegloom after nightfall. There are many of these door ways and staircases into which a stranger might venture with perfect impunity, and many of the people are harmless, well-meaning sort of folk, but they are all enshrouded in that murky obscurity which in the apprehension of adven turers from more favoured regions converts them all into possible assassins and thieves. It is a relief to get out of this vile little slum and 'to1 work one's way back into the life and light of the great highway, with it3 flaunting shops, its piles of glowing fruit, its glittering jewellery, its steaming cook-shops, its flaring gin-palaces and noisy shows, and clubs and assembly-rooms, and churches and mission-halls, its cheap jacks and shooting-galleries, its stream ing naphtha-lights-and- roar -and- rattle, and. hurryihg throngs and noisy groups, arid little assemblies gathered together under the stars and the street lamps, to listen to some expounder of the mysteries of the universe or of the peculiar merits of a new patent bill. 'Here are the newspaper < on e.its bills spread out atlarges with soma of the newsvendor's own addition and amplifications, telling of new murders or further details of the old ones. The young man with a bundle of papers Under his'arm is evidently on the friendliest of terms with the neighbouring shoeblack. One or the other of them has'picked up half a cigar,' and the two are getting alternate pulls at""it with evident enjoyifient. Up in a retirod corner there is a little mob gathered round an almost inanimate looking tigure -beating out' with a couple of quills what he takes apparently1 to 'be music from a. sort of home-made dulcimer. ' A few yards fitrthet on, a' bdy'withontany legs is tlic object of attention;'and next comes a group thronging curiously round a four wheel-cab. Nothing can be seen, but as the vehicle drives off towards the hospital and the mob -disperses it is generally Understood that " she has been knocked about." The only question' about which there seems ' to be any uncertainty is as to whether she is' nearly dead or 'only very drunk. Nobody appears to be gceatly concerned, and the people turn from this mild sensation to listen for a moment to a eulogy <m the everlast iiig qualities of new- trousers, at 'nine rind six pence a pair. -A hundred people at least are clustered round the'. salesman,- who decants hoarsely on thennrivalled qualities of his goods, and winds up by flinging a pair' o.yt "into the crowd for closer inspection. . 'A' few' yards further on there is a wax- works'showVith1 some horrible pictorial representations - t>f the rceent marder3,'and all'the dreadful' details'are being Mated out into the ni^'lit, and w6men with children in their' -arms /are'pushing their way "to the "'front; ' witli their , pennies to ' see the ghastly . objects within. Next door-is- a sliow' in which''ghosts and' devils and- skeletons appear to be the' chief at tractions; and nea.v at' hand is a' ilaring picture of a modern Hfercriles performing within. Then comes a gathering-of some fifty or sixty people around a preacher, who. is .evide'ntly desper ately in earnest, but who somehow manages at every step to ruffle'up the'feelings of his con gregation. He is.what cabby would call an harbitrary gent, and 'lie comes it over his lis teners just a little too strongly. "Never heard nobody go on like 'iin iu all my days,"said a little dame on the fringe of'the crowd/1 " There ain't nobody right but'im, and he's al'ays the same, a pitchin' into' everybody. I declare there ain't no chance for" none' of us."- Certainly the people round Were' sparring and fencing with 'him on all hands,' and ' the controversy at one point; ran' so liigh that it looked as though the preacher would have to take off his coat and ' turn up his sleeve's. Not fifty yards off was Miv; Charrington's 'great assembly-room, where Mr. Henry, VarleyJ who looked to; be mounted on a bank of flowers reaching half-way' 'Up the fine organ, was quietly haranguing some hundreds'of people; the whole place looking bright and attractive; arid the audience very attentive. Out again into the great thoroughfare, back a little way past the roaring salesmen and the hideous wax-works, and round the corner.1 This opening here, where the publichouse, the bar of which looks to be full of mothers with children in;their arms, blazes at the corner, leads down to Buck's Row. 1 Nobody about here seems at all conscious of the recent tragedy, the only suggestion'of which is a bill in the publichouse window, offering'; on behalf of an enter prising newspaper a reward of a hun dred :pounds ' for the'' conviction of the criminal.- A little way down out of the public house glare; and Buck's Row looks to be a singularly desolate, out-of-the-way region. But there is a piano-ovgan grinding out the "'Men of Harlech" over the spot where the murdered woman was found; :women and girls are freely coming and going through thedarkness. and the . rattle of' sewing machines,' and tlic rushing of railway trains, and -the rioisy horseplay of a gang of boys all seem to be combining with the organ-grinder " to drown -recollection and to banish all unpleasant reflection. " There seems to'be little apprehension of further mischief ljy this assassin at large,", was an observation ad dressed to a' respectable-looking elderly man u-ithiii'a, few yards 'of the house in Hanbury street where the latest victim was found. " No; very-little. People, most of 'em, think lie's jrone !to "Gateslieadi" .was the reply.-" Daily News." . 