CREMATION AND CRIiSdE. FFrom The Field 1 ' A correspondence has been current in one of .: our daily contemporaries upon the subject of the policy and propriety' of cremation versus inhumation; The dis cussion .nas mainiy tasen we iorm ot religious sentiment upon the subject. With this latter it would be out of -place for this joarnal to deal, but it seems to us that the; actual issue as to whether this lately revived process of disposal, of , our dead by cremation is desirable from a national point of view, is one which pre sents arguments more forcible and more important to social welfare than any which can be involved in a mere dispute on religious sentimentality. The sanitary advantage of this revived method none dispute. Ever since Dr. Haden aroused the feelings of society by hiB remarks upon the theory of 'Earth to earth,' there has been a growing ten dency to revolt against the practice of preserving our dead in leaden coffins and vauItB, and in a state which, when they come, to light in later times, causes a revulsion of feeling. The utilization, under Acts of Parliament, of sundry dis UBed burial grounds for. the purposes ^of railway construction, ;and other similar projects, has, when the remains of the dead have been removed from those places in order to clear the . way for the contractor, disclosed scenes which excite horror, and disgust, aud which go far to reconcile many a mind with the alternative of cremation vice inhumation. But while this side of the question so far strongly appeals to our feelings^ there is a counter view, not of sentiment, but of practical social security, which seems to be almost an insuperable bar to any national recognition of the pro-; posed change, and even to call for Parlia mentary veto upon the process which is being pushed by certain enthusiasts. We allude to the facilities for the use' of poison and the chances of immunity to the poisoner, which would be afforded if cremation were a recognised and cus tomary method among us for disposal of our dead. It is no slur upon the medical profession to state that often in cases of murder by poison, which have eventually, been detected and punished, scientific suspicion of foul play has not been aroused in the first instance, nor until some time after a certificate for burial has been granted and obsequies have been per formed. The symptoms which display themselves in connection with the administration of certain poisons are often in accordance with perfectly natural symptoms of disease ; and, while this is the case, it is intelligible that medical men, in the absence of any information as to sinster motives, or of gossip of neighbours, should not think of harbouring suspicion of foul play, or of refusing to grant the usual necessary certificate of burial. So long as subsequent exhumation can afford facilities for later investigation, In the event of suspicions becoming aroused later on, the fear of detection of crime of this sort must of necessity be greater than if the danger of discovery were passed, once for all, with the performance of obsequies. In the case of systematic poisoners, such as, for Instance, ply their trade, for the purpose of ob taining money from Insurance Com panies and burial clubs, it has not unfrequently happened that suspicion has been latent until a third or fourth coin cident of mysterious death has provoked the gossip of neighbours. Where such has been the case, an order from the Home Secretary for the exhumation and analysis of remains of persons whose deaths have subsequently become matters for sinister suspicion has often led to the general elucidation of a long standing career of crime. The improved science of toxicology makes the discovery of criminal poisoning an easier matter than it was in the last century; but at the same time the identical science more or less makes the hands of the expert criminal all the stronger, and suggests the use of poisons which in former years would hardly have been dreamt of. Also, apart from general motives of malice or jealousy, which have existed as incentives to crime Bince the world began, modern days supply temp tations of lucre which formerly did not exist; to wit, the facility with which the lives of individuals can be Insured for the benefit of their survivors. Just as ' under writing' promotes temptation to produce artificial loss of ships at sea, in spite of all endeavours of members of Lloyd's to guard themselves against fraud, so also the system of life insurance cannot avoid coupling with its manifest advantages a strong temptation to certain persons to perpetrate frauds thereby. Those frauds may simply be those of alleged death and burial, while the insured reaps the benefit of his own fictitious demise ; or they may arise out of the substitution (as in a quite recent assize case) of a healthy individual to personate an invalid subject for in surance j but the same temptations .which induce Buch frauds, also, as history re cords, too often lead criminals to violate the sixth .as well as the eighth command ment in order to attain their ends. Our belief is that if cremation were once to become a more recognised prac tice In this country, an uneasy feeling of insecurity would arise in the public mind, and that the Government of the day would Boon be asked to inhibit it, on the ground that it created temptations to crime, and, at all events, considerably enhanced those which already exist. We are bound to admit that those experi ments which have at present been tried in that direction have been conducted with all due propriety, and without any ghost of suspicion of sinister motives in evading inhumation. Except on the ground of incen tive hereafter to crime, which ground seems ? paramount in the existing state of ? civilized and commercial society, the , practice would have much to recommend ; it— religious arguments pro and con being ( dismissed from the question. It is as : easy to rear 'storied urn and animated ; buBt' over (literal) ashes as over inhumed i remains in the ordinary sense, and the memory of the dead would not seem to be impaired thereby. Cremated MXsenus seems (quoad Virgil) to have endowed with his name the hilly promontory on which his funeral pyre flamed, and whereon his ashes, his oar, and trumpet were deposited; and even if the ashes themselves should perish, the memory of the funeral pyre of a Sardanapalus or a Dido can serve to perpetuate that of the mortals whose remains induced the cere mony. It is perhaps hankering after the modern novelty and the romantic reality of such scenes which does much to stimu late the enthusiasm of modern votaries of cremation ; but if these people would but realize the social danger and criminal impetus which their hobby, if well estab lished, would tend to promote, we %'hi-nk they would hesitate to play the part of patrons of the worst form of murdar. Charles Beade waa in Paris daring the revolution of 1848. and. in fact, barely escaped with hia life; but when, on hu return, his brother, welcoming him warmly, .exclaimed^-' My dear Charles, you have had a narrow escape of your lifer' he replied, soleicnly — 'I have; they pirtmeinto saamp bed at Boulogne.' 