MELBOURNE GOSSIP. ]3y Tig Tag. Monday, March 12. The Emperor William ot Germany is dead—lone; live the Emperor ! Alas ! however, the future glory of tho new Emperor must needs ho shortlived. It seems hard, indeed, after waiting until ho had attuiuod the mature ago of 57, to assume tho crown and sceptre as a mere act of formality—provided he over does assume it. Thore is a serow looso in this direction, and a vital screw at that, affecting tho wliolo machinery of suc cession. One of tho conditions to the Gorman succession is that tho heir to tho tlirono must be ou German soil at tho demise of the ruling monarch. The Crown Prince was at San Homo, and was telegraphed to in haste, to betake him self to Wiesbaden, a German watering- place. He has done so ; but “ thereby hangs a tide.” Tho Prussian Emperor was said to have died at 5 o’clock on Thursday evening, anil ovory capital in Europo was put in immediate possession of the intelligence. A few hours later, however, tho reported death was officially contradicted. The Crown Prince was, no doubt, communicated with in the meantime; and the next we hear is that tho late Emperor remained in a stupor resembling death until 9 o’clock on Eriday morning, when ho expired. It is needless to conjecture what tho niovc monts of the Crown Prince wore in the meantime. We may he pretty confident, however, that ho succeeded m reaching ■German soil before nine o clock on 1-iiday morning. And so wags duplicity along! Prom the prince to tho peasant we are all one common, human nature. In three hours after the Emperor's, second demise wo were in receipt of tho information in Melbourne. IHs death will liavo no small influence on the political state of Europe. Mrs. Gordon Baillic lias humbled mo to the dust. In “ sack-cloth and ashes” uml humiliation of spirit I expiate my offence against society. I admired Mrs. Gordon liaillie for her beauty- (for she was perhaps the most beautiful woman that has visited our shores); but I ad mired lier more for her philanthropy, and her “ noble” exertions on behalf of tlic unfortunate Skye crofters, whose cause she “unselfishly” espoused. I am almost ashamed to turn back and read what I wrote of this grand woman little more than twolvo months ago ! If thero bo any consolation in the fact, hundreds of • others were deluded by this clever adven turess as well as I. Mrs. Gordon Baillio, the beautiful and noble and unselfish, turns out to be an accomplished swindler, of most plebeian extraction. Sho is the daughter of a washerwoman, and well known to tho British police authorities 'under various aliases. She got 70,000 acres at Wilson’s Promontory from the Minister of Lands for tho mere asking, so dceplv was lie impressed with her beauty and the high and noble object of her mission. Sho departed to Sydney, however, and never returned to complete her contract. She didn't, therefore, got the land; but this was not the fault of ohl How. I take a truculent delight in this ! There is a comfort in knowing •that other fellows are as easily duped as yourself. When she first came amongst iis. sho flashed about in a brougham, and put up at expensive hotels, visiting the theatres where her beauty and “form” created ti furore. She visited Tasmania, .end was deeply impressed with the advan tages the little island presented for her motcgiw. the crofters. We were getting terribly alarmed that sho might take tho hardy fishermen there; and became ac cordingly madly jealous of Van Pieman's Land. Wc wouldn't call it Tasmauia then—our worst passions were aroused. .1 liavo still a lingering hope that these British cablegrams tire the envenomed •outpourings of jealous minds. If so, I’ll resume tho subject again, unblusliingly, and tell you that I never believed she was a swindler, or the daughter of a washer woman. David Cure got “tight” in the early part of tlio week from tlio quantity of rum lie stowed on board. David is a fireman on tho Hindus. Ho wanted to have a. cheap ride to his ship, and “ col lared” an unoccupied cab he found stand ing in Elizabeth Street. Boforo Mr. Cun had proceeded many yards he upset the cur-riele, thus cur-tailing his wild es capade. The released horse began to cur-vet, smashing both shafts. lie was brought before the City Bench, and re ceived a cur-tain lecture for his indiscre tion from the old cur-mudgeons who aciministor justice thore. [Ah. now! It’s cur-rilous to talk that way.—P.D.] From a eur-sory glance I am inclined to think he won’t relish the mouth’s retirement -which interferes with tho ordinary cur rent of his life. He was removed from ■the dock cur-sing his fate. This was a rather cur-ions case, and is dedicated by cur-tesy to “ Pasquin,” the other fellow that -writes “ gossip” for tho Herald. I liavo always looked upon tho Licens ing Bill as one of tlio most abortive measures our senatorial rulers ever placed upon the statute-book. When, however, the police, oy whose aid its administration is supposed to ho carried out, act as stupidly as that intelligent specimen at Ballarat last week, tlio Licensing Bill excites nothing hut ridicule. The Dutch Harry Hotel at the Gohleu City wanted to give up the ghost, and elected to do so bv making a bonfire of itself. This act of felo dfi sc was, however, prevented by the splendid exertions of the firemen. The grateful landlord; at the close of the conflagration, asked tlio jaded firemen t( have a “wet.” This was in tho early hours of Saturday morning. As they gladly accepted the welcome offer, : policeman appeared upon the scone, am demanded to know, in authoritativo tones how the bar was opened at that caily hour. A man of this kind has no busi ness in the force. Forbearance and dis cretion are as essential to a good officer a over-ofliciousuoss. Intelligence is evi dent ly not an essential element for admis sion to the Police Force of this colony. \~q hear of boroughs designate! foral,” “Model,”" Sleepy Hollow, billing Village,” and so forth ; but tin cutive genius of municipal sponsors i iioly at sea with regard to Footseray tortunate Footseray! The foster Ihor of mal- odorous essences an •-r -iiu- local industries has discover® t in the lowest depths there is a lowc 1\. A citizen of this ill-fated subuil lied Wioland, was crossing an impel I, bridge within the municipal estate | met with a sex- ions accident. H d !ho Council for damages, and wa iirdod £ 1003, the law costs amonntin ffjHS 2s. 8d. Tho Council’s liability u-efore, amounts to £1991 2s- 8il. 1 i t ibis there is not a solitary copper l municipal coffers. An oxtraordinar cling of tho Council was held Ms L-k to consult upon the question < in vs and means” m the-.r du o extremity 0 Town Clerk was oqmil to the occasioi 1 showed them the way oi wiping oi ! debt with commendable promptnos. ■ laid before them a statement ot .I iossmeut of the borough, which shove ivaluo of the rateable property to t 01 46S. A rate of 4(1. m tue pound o B amounts to £1691 2s. 8d. exact!; From this it will ho scon that tho thou sands, and hundreds, and tons, and units of pounds, as well as tho shillings and pence, correspond precisely with the amount of tiie verdict. Surely this extraordinary mathematical feat is some thing more Lliau a coincidence. If not it is the most extraordinary coincidence on record. Tho ratepayers, who had tho diliiculty solved thus easily, won’t begrudge to givo the Town Clork some slight token in recognition of the charm ing easo with which ho disposes of a knotty iinancial dillioulty, Tho rateago in tho pound is already ‘Is., so that the people of Footscray will now liavo the privilege of paying 2s. -Id. in the pound in order that they may bo able “to look tho whole world in the face.” Tho sad dest part is in prospective. Two other actions are now ponding—tho victims of municipal neglect awaiting hitherto tlio result of the tost case that has boon just decided. Wo await with interest future mathematical calculations on tho part of the talented Town Clerk of Footscray. If this case docs not “adorn a tale” in tho eyes of rural Shire Councils, it ought at least to “ point a moral.” Verbum sap. Faith, I am disposed to think after all that “luck is everything.” I know it is not tho right thing to endeavor to sap tho reli gious convictions of your moral reador by an avowal nsuuorthodox as this; still Ifeel impelled to speak with a fearless candour upon this point. Thoro is Dr. Jnmos, a wealthy modico, in the first ranks of tho profession, getting an attack of the “ silver ” lover, and prescribing for him self with unequalled success. Instead of calling in a brother practitioner, ho invests £5000 in a Silvcrton mine, and awaits with professional pationco the result of his prescription. It camo with astounding rapidity, and ho has now sold out for £375,000! Great Scott! what do you call that, if not luck ? Tho days of his trotting old Normauby round tho gloho are past, and ho can now lioh-nob with the royalty of nations. Will he go home and buy a baronetcy, I wonder ? Or will he drink himself to death in a few months like the ordinary, vulgar, plebeian clod transformed into a lunatic under tho sudden accession of an unexpected for tune ? Talking of buying a title reminds mo of the late episodo in connection with M. Wilson, the son-in-law of H. Grovy, late President of the French Republic. I think he deserved his punishment, though perhaps the term of imprisonment was a little excessive. I was amused, immensely entertained, on reading a leading artielo in tho “Hundred-eyed” a day or two ago upon this question. Tho artielo bristled with virtuous indignation, while condemning tho base turpitude and moral degradation of high French officials. Couldn’t tho Argus look nearer homo, aud ponder on the possibility’ of our future titled aristocracy’ owing their social supremacy’ to tho poverty’ of political ndvonturers, who pursue politics as a lucrative profession on the higher rounds of tho ladder 1 