I ST. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. in The ceremony of ordaining the Rev. Eugene Cunningham to the priesthood of the Roman Catholic Church took place at 8 o'clock yesterday morning in St. Mary's Cathedral. The Most Rev. Dr. Murphy, Archbishop Designate of Hobart, conferred the Holy Order of Priesthood. Dean Beechinor, of Launceston, acted as archdeacon in the absence of from the diocese of Archdeacon Hogan ; the Rev. Dr. Gleeson was Master of Ceremonies ; Father Murphy, of Launceston, assisted the newly-created priest, and Fathers Feehan, of Oatlands, and Hennebry, of New Town, assisted at the laying on of hands, the ceremony which accompanies the words by which the Holy Ghost is communicated to the newly-ordained Ernest. The vestments worn by Father unningham were a present from the Lady Superior of the Presentation Convent, Hobart. They were of white figured satin, and very coolly. The sanctuary looked very beautiful. To the rear of the altar was a red curtain, which contrasted admirably with the chaste workmanship of the Reredos, On the curtain was the motto, worked by the nuns, Tu es Saturday in iEtcrnum, " Thou art a priest for ever." Beautiful banners' were distributed around the sanctuary, and a curtain of red extended from the altar to the communion rails. The choir rendered the Kyrie and Gloria from " Mozart's 12th Mass. At the appropriate time during the ceremony they sang the "Veni Creator, Spiritus," and at the close the " Te Deum Laudamus. At 11 o'clock, solemn High Mass was celebrated by Father Murphy of Launceston, the Rev Dr. Gleeson acting as deacon, and Father Cunningham as sub deacon. The choir rendered," Farmer's Mass." At Vespers, in the evening, Father Murphy,' of Launceston, preached an eloquent sermon on the " Festival of the Holy Name of Mary," and at the Benediction of the Most Holy Sacrament, Father Cunningham, the newly ordained priest, acted as deacon. The congregations at all the services, particularly at the 8 o'clock mass, wore above the average. 