Why Did He Harry Her ? COMMENCED IN' THE -'EVENING NEWS' OP NOTEMBEE 2G. ,' T3HAPTEB XXDI.-A Stokht Interview. liturueyreturnedtotheapartmentin whichsltun Irered the helpless being he had come hither with the fell purpose of destroying. His heavy steps flpon the floor aroused the sleeper, and he looked with a terrified glance upon his visitor. Ltunley Strode in front of him, and with an expression of sardonic scorn, said: ' So-o — I have ferretted you out at last, my pre cious cousin. I daresay yon thought it was a clever trick to practice on me ; pray, why have you left Iny care, and concealed yourself here, while I have been using every effort for the recovery of your estate?' ' So I have ascertained,' replied Gayoso, sulkily. ' You have done exactly as I predicted — claimed to be true heir yourself, and instituted proceedings in your own name. I warn you that if your pur pose in coining hither is to put me out of your ^ay, your crime will be speedily detected. I have friends who are aware of my existence . I ara no longer as helpless as when I lay in that miserable garret at your mercy.' ?Wretched driveller, you are as much at my mercy as you ever were; for I am reckless and resolute to come off the winnerin this contest, or perish' in the attempt. Do you suppose I will be foiled by such an imbecile as you ? Ha ! ha !' ' Do you — do you intend violence towards one bo helpless as I am ?' ' So much the better for my purpose, for I warn you that I value your life as little as that of any dog that threatens to thrust his* fangs into my vitals. See the . tiny instrument by which death -ean be wooed as a friend, and no accusation of murder can be sustained.' The eyes of the trembling wretch to whom these Words were coolly addressed followed hiE motions 'wiih. a, terrified stare, as Lumley took from his pocket a small, curiously-shaped in strument, which looked more like a child's play thing than a means of dismissing the subtle tenant from the human frame. It was a small ? golden scimitar, with a slight elevation along the outer edge of the curve. Lumley went on to ex plain its use with diabolical precision, as he gloated on the abject terror expressed in the pallid face before Tiim * in this tiny handle is a spring which sets in motion a portion of the deadliest poison known to chemical science, and one whi6Jl baffles the keenest research after death has taken place. The deadly fluid is driven through the minute tube contained in this orna mental edge, and a slender needle steeped in its yenom ?springg'forth to piece a vein, and like a (flash of vivid lightning, it strikes you dead where Vousit. The most scientific investigation will ^iot reveal the means by which your dastardly Eoul was set free to consort with its fellow demons. The verdict will simply be 'found dead,' and this woman who has undertaken to circumvent me will then find that unless she re mains very quiet, it will be the worst for her/ _ 'But Miss Euston's lawyer knows that I am living ; that you are an impostor. Of what use tken-can it be to destroy me ?' *Use? none, perhaps, to the cause your Stupidity has ruined for us both, but I can at least have the satisfaction of wrecking my revenge upon a spiritless renegade like yourself. Since I cannot have the fortune, you shall not ; so say over your last prayer^ for your hour has come. Kve minutes are all I can give you.' x iuiuh jrou, jdjireu. xour oajecc is to exxorc taoney,'or the promise of it. Speak — what do you require as the price of my life ?' ' All that a man hath will he give for his life,' Eaith a book that you and ? I are not over familiar with. What do you think of its truth, toon ami ? for you are in a position to judge, if ever a man was.' 'Think ! I think that you are a devil, sitting there gloating over that infernal machine, which you have prepared to destroy me, as coolly as if I were a brute.' ' Why should I respect the human nature within you, when you have so often ignored it yourself ? Your life, at any rate, is for feited to the law, and why should I scruple to take it any more than the butcher hesitates to take that of the animals he daily sacrifices to human wants? What respect had you for the ' divine principle' when you struck the blow that freed it from the body of the South American, whose name you took, together with something better worth having ? Of the Italian boy, who begged for life with his Litest breath. Of ? ' ' Hold !' shrieked the listener. ' Look ! Tour words- have evoked the bleeding phantoms that make my life a misery. There ! there !' and he pointed with frantic gestures towards the dim mest corner of the room. Lumley gazed with 'contemptuous curiosity upon the writhing form and distorted features of the unhappy man. He siezed the wine bottle, forced a portion of its contents imto his mouth, and watched for his revival with some anxiety. As Gayoso again un closed his eyes, the expression of fear and anguish that convulsed -»« features would have been- terrible 'to any other beholder than the hardened being who stood over Mm. He fal tered- — * Have you given me my death-blow, Alfred ? Am I on the way to the Inferno my victims have prepared for me ?' 'You are on your way to it fast enough without any helf from me, old cove ; so just shake your self up, and talk like a man of sense. Buy the miserable remnant of life left you at the price I choose to set upon it,' and you may linger on Until you are a second Methusalah for me. I nave given you a good fright, which will teach. you how to tamper ^with me, and give you a clear comprehension of what; iyou may with, certainty expect if you^try to play me false again.' As he thus spoke, Gayoso revived a little, and feebly asked, .; ; * What ido you demand of me I' . 'The half of your anticipated fortune is a tooderate price in exchange for your life.' . . ,. * That is impossible j I should have nothing left for myself.' * How so? This is aMnd of arithmetic Ido not understand. Fray what ibecomes of the other, half ijf ^our estate ?' . ; '''? ' * Tfc-ls -jwme— -aJrp.nV1v nipdo-p.rJ fo assure ma 4ihn possession of- the moiety that will be left.' - * So-b — I begin to :comprehend your game. You have offered terms to the opposite party ?' - Gayoso shrank from 'Hie fierce eye bent upon Jam, but made no reply. Lumley fiercely asked — . 'Will they accept the half, and relinquish the temainder without a contest ?' 'I believe so.' *It is well for you that you spoke the truth, for Iwilldeal with; you at once if. you attempt to? deceive -ii tamper with me. Since this settle ment is in process of negotiation you will soon* have the control of a cool hundred thousand. Of that sum I demand .half; share and share alike was my motto as long as T.had'money, and -you must perforce exercise-the same liberality towards me' ' I -will take that risk. Give me your note for fifty thousand dollars, to be paid over to me when you have regained your fortune. You know very ?well that you dare not evade the payment 'wfcen- I ever Cftnqr demand it, for $he cizcmnBtjances -of ^' And you equally in mine.' ' Not quite. I have only to seek Ernest Linden, whisper a few sentences in his' ear, and all your fortune would not save you from the bloodhounds of the law he would set upon your track. My misdeeds are not so easily brought home to me ; and, moreover I intend to fortify my position by a brilliant marriage. My wife's family will be forced to sustain me, and the connection I shall form with the family of the man who would give half his life to know what I can reveal, will always hold yon in check.' ' Who can you mean ? What miserable girl has fallen into your snares, and how is she related to Linden?' ' The happy creature who will claim me as her devoted slave, is no other tlian the beautiful Miss Euston, on whom you have bestowed the half of your fortune. Now, write the note tor me sum we have agreed on as the price of your life, and acknowledge that I am cleverer than you, for, after all, I shall secure three-fourths of your inheritance. Ha ! ha ! I can well afford to be merry over such a prospect.' ' I don't think I shall comply with your demand. I cannot live much longer, and the price at which you value my worn-out life is too great.' ' Oh, well,' was the cool reply, * if you prefer it, . you can go and join your victims in the nether -leep to which you sent them. Perhaps that trill serve my turn as well, for Miss Euston will then, retain tiie whole estate, and my union with her will make it mine.' * Are you certain that she will accept you ?' ' Certain ; her uncle is in my favor ; her most intimate friend is . warmly in my interests, and the young lady herself treats we witli immense consideration. Since you are so ready to give up the ghost, perhaps you will hold your arm steadily, and let me spring this ' Belease ' upon the artery in your wrist '? that will be as good a place as any. Your left wrist, because the heart lies on that side, and the effect will be more rapid. Bare your . arm, and you are a denizen of this planet ; I touch your wrist with this tiny weapon, and presto ! you are in another world ! Quick work, old fellow; but I hope you'll not be coming back to reproach me for giving you freedom from all your aches aad pains.' ' I perceive that you have thought better of it, and are ready to come to terms. Write the note, and be generous enough to wish me 'God speed;' for I can enjoy the money, and you cannot. What will be left is far more than you will ?n-w»H =n cpm'^rih n.Trnv. nnd have done with the job.' With a heavy' sigh, Gayoso obeyed the com mand, and pushed the paper towards him. ? Lumley examined it carefully, and. after secur ing it in his pocket-book, said, * Thank ybii,' Albert ; you have done the genteel thing at last, and I am only sorry that it was done through compulsion.' He quietly replaced the keys in the locks, and turned them; then nodding with an expression of insolent triumph, passed out of the room, leaving his despoiled victim in a state of rage, fear, and excitement, which threatened to destroy him. Gayoso raved in im potent fury, anatliemised the hour in which he was born, and invoked curses on the head of him who had just left. Lueila came in pale and trembling, but he or dered her from his sight, and sat there in the gathering darkness, indulging his wrath until Madam Latude returned, pale and excited, to inform him that her pocket had been robbed of the important paper entrusted to1 her care. She was quite unconscious of her loss until she reached the lawyer's office ; when it was discovered, Mr. Spring refused to believe that she had possessed such credentials, and treated her whole story as a fabrication. In the meantime, Lumley returned' to New York by a late train, and on alighting from it at the depot a handkerchief was waved as a signal from a carriage, in which sat a woman so heavily muffled as effectually to disguise her person, Lumley soon, reached the side of the vehicle, and putting his head into the open window, said — ' So you're here_, sure enough.' She eagerly whispered — ' I have waited here an hour to see you. Tell me, is the wretch dead ?' ' Can't you wait for the police report to morrow?' he mockingly asked. That will give you all the details.' ' Pshaw \ how can you trifle so, when I am so anxious to know if my enemy is out of my path. What have you done ?' ' Nothing that will please you, for he still lives, and is likely to live. I got all I wanted without extreme measures, and you must find some one else to silence his tongue for you.' CHAPTER XXIV. — an Old Man's Daeling. The Plotters. Mrs. Pierre sat in her parlor with her new adorer. Mr. Euston had arrived at that period in life when a fascinating woman can 'fool- a man to the top of his bent' by a few adroit flatteries. He really made love like a sophomore, and while she lifted her dark eyes to his with a most be wildering expression, said — ' How charmingly poetry and passion are blended in your nature, my dear friend. Consent to accompany me to my plantation1 in Cuba, and I will there bestow upon you my hand.' ?My adorable Lonore, how shall I express the ecstacy that fills my overflowingjhearfc at this pro posal ? I had thought of this way to evade the carping criticisms of those unimpassioned souls who cannot comprehend such love as ours, but I hesitated to propose it. Since you think it fea sible, my angel, let us go without delay. I am at your command at any moment. Can we not make our preparations to: leave on the next steamer ? for Havana ?' 'I must make some stipulations before I consent to give up the balance of my days to love and retirement.' ' Name them ; your wishes must be laws to me, Lonore.' , . ? After a slight pause,- she said — ? ? -: ' The interests -of my place compel me to return to Cuba for a ^season, and I have already invited your niece .to become the ' companion of my voyage ; some -inexplicable coolness has grown up towards ^me on the part of Tftra. Euston; -and Clara reluctantly declined my 'invitation, f for Cuba has a great attaactioITf or her imagination. ~ I am sure «he would not have refused.me.if her own inclina tions alone had been consulted.9 '.' .' Whatare your wishes with reference to Clara? I am her guardian ; if I desire her to make a trip. ?to--hib&, under' piyv-protection, there can be no improprie^mher^&gjsp.;' ? '^ i ? .y ?..'^.? ^-^lMm.:iEiB^i^'iyi^i.iillBmafi|m^BaBiat that the pre sence of Clara at :iti!jii xiiaipage^'snall seem to give the family saiiction ' to it. ;Can you not invite ; your niece to - visit the . magmncent new steamer ? Just SnishedjE or .the Havanastrade ? Bribe her maid to pack her trunk, and get it 'quietly on board, -tf W iien. once yre ' axepfaS&ly; at 'sea wejipan i explain and.excuse the, ruse we resorted t&, '%6' afford her fhe pleasure ;iof a trip she only felt j bound to decline i in iomplianceawith her mother's wishes. ';'','/',' ,','*:' ; ?'? ?????? ';--\'--'-::- -yf--; ----?'?;???;:-... The ?plan...io : entrap -Clara into their power was fully ^fiscussed; its details arranged, and the deceived guardian finally, 'parted from his betrothed 'with the conviction that his niece concealed her preference for Lumley because she knew it would displease her mother; that Clara's true wishes, as well as her interests, would be best served by a, union with him, jeitlier with, or KPXehoBfcj^is.^EhiBton^-conBent. 