Y.P. CRICKETING ASSOCIATION KADINA V. YELTA. According to programme the above teams met on the Kadina Ova], each team being determined to score a win if possible. The Kadinas went to the wickets first. Horwood and Sands were the first to face the bowling. Dawson opened to Sands, who soon opened his account with a single. Horwood played next, but felt too eager to score. In playing one off he called cn his partner, who failed to reach his ground in time. Gurner came in, but only to see Horwood bowled by a teaser for nil. Barry t jok his station, and quickiv began to score. When 12 had been placed on tne books Gurner was caught off Dawson for 6. Dodd stepped to the crease and began in a surprising manner, for him, by hitting the ball hard. After knocking 8 up he was beaten by Qawson. Page appeared next, but he did not play in his usual form, although he played sterling cricket m compiling his 10. Barry's time was come, the retiring batsman played a good and useful game for 22. Austin, the skipper, now put in an appearance. Shortly after Page gave way for Will shire, who cracked one for a brace, but in attempting to repeat the dose was caught 7—2—51. Wood and Austin now got together and defied the efforts of the bowlers to seperate them. The scoring became rapid, and not until 112 had been posted up was a breach made. Wood was theu bowled by Glanviile for a meritorious innings.of 38. Ridg way came in and helped Austin to bring the total to 134. Austin then lifted one back to the, bowler and retired for a well played 35. Thiele,the last man, had no chance to score. Ridgway was beaten without any other addition. The Yelta men went to the wickets with very little hope of winning, as the day was too far spent. Francis and Allen were the first men to appear for Yelta. Francis put 15 together ve<y nicely and then let in Purling. The last player got two and then gave place to 'Glanviile. The score was brought to 59, and then Allen gave way after placing 20 together in a creditable style. J. Mitshell took the willow, but Glanviile did not stay long to keep him company. He left without any more being added. T. Mitchell went in in a very bad light and failed to score. Harris got three and left in favour of Searle. The last man played out time. J. Mitchell played a good mningB for 10 not out. The fielding on both sides was fair. Scores— KADINA. Sands, runout 1 0 Horwood, b Orago .. .. .. Gurner, b Crago 6 Barry, c Dawson, b J, Mitchell ... 22 Dodd, b Dawson Page, b J. Mitchell 8 10 Austin, c and b T. Mitchell .. .. TOillshire. c Crago, b J. Mitchell ... 35 2 "Wood, b Glanviile Kidgeway, c T, Mitchell, b Glanviile 38 9 Theil, not out 0 Sundries 3 " Total YELTA. Francis, c and b Dodd Allen, c Horwood, b Dodd .. Purling, b Dodd Glanviile, l.b.w. b Bidgeway J. Mitchell, not out .. T. Mitchell, c Harris, c Searle, not out Sundries Total for six wickets 15 20 2 14 10 0 3 0 2 MOONTA V. WALLAROO. The last association match between these clubs was played on the3 Moonta oval on Saturday last, and reaulted in a win for the home team. The Wallaroo skipper won the toss and elected to take the field. For the Moontas Roach made the ; splendid score of 85 not out, his hitting being exceedingly clean and hard without the ghost of a chance, with the exception of the start, when he gave one chance, and on his retiring was cheered by his comrades. Francis put together 13 by-jSonio good cricket^ asc also did Hill with 23 to his credit. Forithte, Wallaroos the only men who maule double figures were Hiscock 20 and O'Loghlin with 10. The bowling of Hiscock was something to be remembered, he having beaten the hat trick. W henan was the most successful bowler for the home team. Scores: — * MOONTA. Roach, not out 85 Francis, st. Herbert, b Snook Koberts, b Hiscock ... 13 8 Penrose, b Hiscock 1 Causby, b Hiscock ' 0 Wilkinson, b Hiscock 0 Learmond, b Hiscock 0 Schwan, ruu out 0 Whenan, b Snook 2 Tmi, c and b Hiscock... 23 Cocking, c Hiscock, b O'Loghlin ... Sundries 1 8 Total 141 WALLABOO. Donnell, thrown out Farmer, c Whenen, b "Wilkinson... Phillips, played out, b Causby Snook, b Whenan Hiscock, c Francis, b Whenan Herbert, c Learmond. b Whenan ... Harman, c Schwan, b Whenan ... Morton, b Causby O'Loghlin, c Penrose, b Whenan ... Cropley, not out Ponder, b Wilkinson Sundries Clubs. East Moonta Moonta Telta Kadina Wallaroo, , SCOBING LIST. Total 80 11 5 3 3 13 11 6 1 4 13 11 4 A 3 12 11 3 6 2 12 12 2 2 8 . ' 6 . : ~m • .' f Hojlloway's Ointment and Pills are the best, the! cheapest, and the most popular remedies. At; all seasons and under all circumstancesth4jr 'may be used with safety Jaipd ^thes certainty of doing good. Eruptions, rashes, and all descriptions of skin diseases, sores, ulcerations, and burns are presently benefited and ultimately cured by these healing, soothing, and purifying medicaments. The Ointment rubbed upon the abdomen, checks all tendency to irritation of the bowels, and and averts dy sen try and other disorders of of the intestines. Pimples, blotches, inflammations of the skin, muscular pains, neuralgic affections, and enlarged glands can be effectively overcome by using Holloway's remedies according to the " instructions " accompanying each packet. Wolfe's Schnapps is the only genuine Schnapps. Avoid all counterfeits and imitations. Unsolicited testimonials from medical gentleman testify to the merits of Wolfe's Schnapps A great revolution in the use of spirits has taken place. Wolfe's Schnapps has taken the place of the best brandies. 