A WELL AUTIHEOTICATED ,GHOST 'STORY. A party of travllers onoan Intercolonial steamship. irere telling ghost stories., Thel Rpr. Mr. Cryder ofthe Church oft England: was of thoe paty.--He listened, bat :did-not talk: ' When 11 tflie others'. had,'exerted all their `ibility'in :tli.productioni- of-goose pimples, a facetious'youth hred Mr. Cryder, who w's a mani of mtctib dignity,to tell his ,cxperience. No oin thought he would com. ply. But he did. : 1' Ten years ago," he' aid, " I was a ioor cenritein a small Berkshire: village, where through the iifluence of some:friends, I re?irced an inritatidn to preach l trial ser mon at one of the' London..churches. No ti?e irs sto be lobet; for?I liad to provide at substitute, arrange my ideas; pack my things, and everthling being at last in proper shape, I hastened to the railroad station to take the lightnifi" expre?cs for London. " SJ abstrbed 'was I in siy thoughts; fdr a call to London is an event in a young curate's life, I mUay ay the event, that I paid no at tentiori to the surroundings, but suddetily I noticed a person walking before me,on the plank road whom I had not seen before. He was a' stout, square-built man, -with red whiskers 'and an ,ald head, who seemed, to suffer ictensely from tie heat, for lie carried -his'hat in: his hand and pulled' out a large blub handkerchief, no doubt to' ilie the perspiration from his brow, for it was a very sultry Auglust day. . Ini taking ot his handkerchief he dropped a letter. I picked it.up togtve it to him, ihensiud denly Ioa' that thatthddrss was in mynolt hei'a hand-riitinig --ny saiitied mother's, Who,liad been dead for more than'fire years. "I stopped in suiprisei I rublied my eyes; but there it wa', my. dear iinothers 'well known writing, and the lettder w:vak'd dressed : , To the ItI:v.-'BENJAtIS CRYDERe, -' S. ."' Stonebridge, " County of.l?erkshire,' i. ..: a :· ... "*Enland.' '"hat was ;1. "IThere was no postmark on it, and I did nbt knot iscFheklier tb' ojen it or ishk the red whiskerek'm:in for an explian:tiOn., when I heard the'srill~vhistle' of a locoinotive and sadi the traiii'oll'into the station. I ran as faist asiby legs couild carry nic-ra-m as it :.were;'for'diirlife: 'or ivhen I re;ched the station itlh train wa'? gone, and' sor was tlhd letter: "I thduglit'I mustl have dropped it. I hastened'td the very spot 'where I had found 'it, bht iti'raint and after nrin hour's needless search; couhlddobnothirig bitt ttegrapihto London dRfid resign liysclf to myi fto, fir it wac the:last train on' 0aterdl.' night, 'nid I thohght I h adlost isly ohly' chance .in life:. "'Thy will be dbne,'I pr.ayd' thiat night, 'andi[,i am to remainma poori curate, let, ee: thnik ,Thee for Thy great mercy to .hve kept? me!ai-ay frome tise .wickedness of .the great, cityand its;manifold temptatiq?ns.a:, . 11 When next day I. weit tochurch,,b right with ch'erfuilnrs, my parishionera rt'ared as: if they bad seen 'rghlvstanud th,'hsext.on rrushed forar' sr §l,?in Di tLllybe th t ian? .. 1 Xlr . Yon atone -'ied Sir. Cryder." "' Saved from;7 , sh' ' H 0 "' ' From thd rii!roaci??reek.' ' I don't know, of any?ra'ilroad wreck. Hn there been an accidcnts?'" ' ,l 'u l` ' 'tifi traitiiunon wafif'i cnho'ti, tb go Ito LiA1tin1 ' lic?iecn thrbtun d?vi':n 'em=i banikmenrti.: and?.nearly' every passeniger killedi' - The giho.atsttry! tollers -ivetid :iscehl~s., hnd even the facetious cyouttdid.nt dare to doubt the rcverend'ri?irafd?htridtufilhlness. 'IlDid you ever obtain a clue to thai mys teonrpltteut.tc,'r. Orcat r ae f'skail." SNever;.:- I:re?'rd it as an interfrence of modepnrted mother by spetialpermission of l'ravidec,'." _? :: .'. .-r 'i And did 'i'l" " :. - 'I preached iii London ofe the 'next Snn day and was installe I as rector' of St. - Churclh a f-ew wccrs nftcrward. 