DEAD MAN'S HOCK. A ROMANCE. BY Q. [The Telegraph Newspaper Company, Limited, have secured all the Queensland rlsuts for this work, the copyright of which belongs to Mossrs. Cassell ana Company, Limited.} BOOK II. THE FINDING OF THE GREAT RUBY. * . Chapter XI.— (Cjntinued.) Althouoii it had been snowing, her bonnet was thrust back from her face and hung by its ribbons whioh were tied beneath her chin. Tho breeze was playing with her disordered hBir— hair now white as the snowflakes upon it, thouch grey when last I had seen it — but it brought no colour to her face. As she bent over mo to place her shawl beueath my head, I saw that htr blue eyes were strangely bright and prominent. 'Thank God, you are alive ! Does the band age pain you? Can you move r' I feebly put my hand up ani felt a hand- 1 kerchief bound round my hoad. ?'I was afraid — oh, so afraid ! — that I had been too late. Yet God only knows how I got down into your boat — in time— and without his seeing me. I know what he would do — I was listening behind tho partition all the time ; but I was afraid he would kill you first.' ' Then— you heard ?' ' I heard all. Oh, if I were only a man ; but can you stand ? Aro you better now ? For we must lore no time.' I weakly stared at hor in answer. ' Don't you see? If you can stand' and walk, as I pray you can, thoro is no time to be lost. Morning is already breaking, and by this evening you must catch him.' ' Catch him F' ' Yes, yes. He has gone — gone to catch the first train for Cornwall, and will be at Dead Man's Roe-k to-night. Quiok ! see if you can not riBe.' I sat up. Tho water had dripped from me, forming a great pool at our end of the boat. In it she was kneeling, and beside her lay a heavy knife and the cords with whioh Simon Colliver hud bound me. 'Yep,' I said, ' I will follow. When does the first train leave Paddington ?' ' At a quarter past 9,' die answered, 'and it is now about half-past o. You have time to catch it; but must disguise yourself first. He will travel by it ; there is no train before. Come, let me row you ashore.' With this she untied the painter, got out the sculls, Fat down upon the thwart opposite, and began to pull desperately for shore. I won ? . dered at her strength and skill with the oar. 'Ah,' the said, 'I see at what you are wondering. Remember that T was a sailor's wife once, and without strength how should I have dragged you on board this boat?' ' How did you manage it ?' ' I cannot tell. I only know that heard a splash as I waited under tho bows thore, and then began with my hands to fend the boat around the schooner for dear life. I had to be very silent. At first I could see nothing, for it was dark towards the shore ; but I cried to Heaven to spare you for vengeance on that man, and then I saw something black lying across the warp, and knew it was you. I gave a strong push, then rushed to the bows and caught you by the hair. I got you round by the stem as gfntly as I could, and then pulled you on board somehow — I cannot remember exactly how I did it.' ' Did he see you ?' ' No, for he must havo gone below directly. I rowed under 'the shadow of the lighter to which we were tied just now, and as I did so, thought 1 heard him calling me by name. He must have forgotten me, and then suddenly re membered that' as yet I had not given him the money. However, presently I heard him getting into his boat and rowing ashore. Ho * came quite close to us— so close that I could hear him cursing, nnd crouched down in the shadow for fear of my lite. But he passed on, and got out at the steps yonder. It was snow ing at the time, and that helped mo.' She pulled a stroke or two in silence, and then continued — \- ' 'Whtw,. yon u-ero . w i'he togjctfjec I was listening. At one point I think I must have fainted ; but it cannot have been for long, for when I came to myself you were still talk ing about— about John Railton.' I remembered the sound which I had heard, and almost in spite of myself asked, 'You heard about — ' 'Claire? Yes, I heard.' She nodded simply ; but her eyeB Eought mine, and in them was a gleam that made me start. Just then the boat touched at a mouldering flight of stairs, crusted with green ooze to high water mark, and covered now with snow. She made fast the boat. ' This was the way he went,' she muttered. 'Track him, track him to his death; spare ' him no single pang to make that death miser able !' Her low voice positively trembled with concentrated hate. 'Stay,' she said, ? ' havo you money ?' I suddenly remembered that I had given all the money on me to Bagnell for getting out my boat, and told her so. At the same moment, too, I thought upon the tin box still lying under the boat's stern. I stepped aft and pulled it oat. ? ' Here is money,' she paid; 'money that I was to have given him. Fifty pounds it is, in notes— take it all.' 'But you?' I hesitated. 'Never mind me, Take it — take it all. What do I vant with money if only you kill him ?' I bent and kissed her hand. 'As Heaven jb my witness,' I said, 'it shall be hiB life or mine. The soul of one of us shall never see to-morrow.' Her hand was as cold aa ice, and her pale face never changed. ' Kill him !' die said, Bimply. I turned and climbed the steps. By this , time day had broken, and the east waB streaked with angry flashes of crimson. The wind Bwcpt through my dripping clothes and froze my aching limbs to the marrow. Up the river . came floating a heavy pall of fog, out of whioh the masts showed like grisly skeletons. The snow-storm had not quite ceased, and a stray flake or two oame brushing across my face. So . dawned my Christmas Eve ! As I gained the top, I turned to look down. She was still standing there, watching me. Seeing me look, she waved her arms, and I heard hor hoarse whisDer, 'Kill him! Kill him ! Kill him !' ?' I left her standing so, and turned away ; but ' in the many ghosts that haunt my solit try days, not tho least vivid is the phantom of this \- white-haired woman on the black and silent river, eternally beckoning, ' Kill him !' I found mypeVf in a yard strewn with timber, spais, and refuse, hulf hidden beneath the snow. . From it a flight of rickety stone steps led to a rotting door, and thence into the street. Here I Btocd for a moment, pondering on my next step. Not a soul was abroad so early ; but I must quickly get a change of clothes somewhcie ; at present I stood in my torn dress trousers and soaked shirt. I passed np the . , s'rett, my shoeless feet making the first prints in. the newly-fallen snow. The first? No; ' forw bin I looked moro closely I saw other footprints, already half obliterated, leading up the street. These must bo Simon Colliver's. I followed ihr-m for about 100 varda past the _ tliuttend windows. Sudd till v they turned into a shop door, and . then seemed to leave it again. The shop waB closcd, and above it hung three brass balls, each cov- if d now with a snowy cap. Above, the blinds weie drawn down, but on looking .ogairi I saw a chink of light botween. the ? f1 ii'ters. I knocked. . , After a short pauso, tho door was opened. A red-eyed, villainous faco peered out, and seeing me, jtiew. blank .with wonder. ' ' What do you want?' inquired at length ' the voice belonging to it. ' ' ? ' ' To buy a fresh auit of clothes, See, Ihave ' fallen into the river.' ? ? - M uttering something beneath his breath; the -'jiawnbroker opened his door, and let me into the thop. . ? ? r ? ( To he continued.) 