THE ENCYCLICAL LETTER FROM THE BISHOPS OF THE ANGrLL CAN COMMUNION. The following is a resume of some of the chief points in the recently iesned manifesto, which may be of interest to many of onr readers. The Letter, which was read in the Anglican Churches on Sunday, emanates from the 145 bishops who assembled in con ference during July last, at Lambeth, under the presidency of the Archbishop of Canter bury. After greeting to members of the Anglican Communion, the bishops explain that the resolutions which accompany the Letter are to be taken to represent'the mind of the conference, while the reports are offered to the public only as suggesting fruitful matter for consideration. Twelve separate subjects are dealt with. From these we have selected such as seem'moBt likely to attract attention in this colony—namely (1) Temperance. (2) Purity, (3) Divorce. (4) OaBe of emigrants. (9) Reunion, (12) Authoritative _ standards of doctrine, On these points we give portions of the text of the Letter, and in one or two in stances Bhort extracts from the resolutions and reports bearing on the respective subjects. The report on Socialism, coming from a com mittee presided over by the BiBbop of Man chester, is well worthy serious attention. It is too lengthy for insertion, but any attempt to condense it would fail to do justice to a masterly essay on the subject from the point of view of its joint authors. Bishop Kennion served on the committee to consider Mutual Relations, and also on that which dealt with Reunion, of which latter Bishop Barry was chairman. Temperance iB thus referred to:—"Noble and Belf-denying efforts have been made for many years within and without the Church for the suppression of intemperance, and it is our earnest hope that these efforts will be in creased manifold. The evil effects of this sin on the life of the Church and the nation can scarcely be exaggerated, _ But we are con strained to utter a caution against a false principle which threatens to creep in and vitiate much useful work, Highly valuable as we believe total abstinence to be as a means to an end, we desire to discountenance the language which condemns the use of wine as wrong in itself, independently of its effects on ourselves or on others, and we. have expressed our disapproval of a reported practice (which seems to be due to Borne extent to the tacit assumption of this principle) of substituting some other liquid in the celebra tion of Holy Communion." The report of the Purity Committee being carried unanimously as a resolution, and (so giving the mind of the conference as a whole, we extract the following from it:—" We speak as those who are deeply conscious of their re sponsibility before God for words which they utter upon a subject of tremendous moment. Knowing aB we do know how sinB of im purity are not only a grave public Bcandal but are also festering beneath the surface, and eating the life of multitudes of all classes and in all lands, we cannot 'keep silence, although we dare not utter all that we know. We are constrained as bishops of the Church of God to lift up the standard of a high and pure morality; and we call upon all, whether of our own communion or not, in the name of God our common Father to rally round thi3 standard. Especially do we press upon those on whom lies the responsibility of the cure of souIb, to face the question, and to ask them selves what they are doing, or can do, to protect their flockB from the deadly ravages of sensual sin. We believe that, although the public conscience is in some degree awakened, and the self-sacrificing efforts of those who have labored to this end have not been wholly in vain, yet the awful magnitude of the evil is but imperfectly realised. We are sot blind to the danger of dealing publicly with the Bubjact of impurity. We dread the effect, especially upon the young, of any increased familiarity with the details of sin. Notwithstanding we hold that the time has come when the Church must speak with no uncertain voice. We solemnly declare that a life of purity is alone worthy of a being created in the image of God. We declare that for Christians the obligation to purity reBtB upon the Banctity of the body, which is the " Temple of the Holy Ghost," We declare that a life of chastity for the unmarried is not only possible, but is commanded by God. We declare that there is no difference between man and woman in the sinfulness of Bins of un chastity, We declare that on the man, in his God-given strength of manhood, rests the main responsibiltv. We declare that no one known to be living'an immorallifeoughtto.bereceived in Christian society. We solemnly protest against all lowering of the sanctity of mar riage. We would remind all whom our voice may reach that the wrath of God, alike in holy Scripture and in the history of the world, has been revealed against the nations which have transgressed the law of purity; and we solemnly record our conviction that, wherever marriage is dishonored and sins of the fieBh are lightly regarded, the home life will be destroyed, and the nation itself will sooner or later decay and perish. We, on our part, as bishops of the Church of God, satisfied as to the gravity of this matter, and feeling that nothing short of general action on the part of all Christian people will avail to arrest , the evil, determine to confer with the clergy and faithful laity of our several diocese as to the wisest steps to be taken for the accomplishment of the weighty enterprise to which God is call ing us." After Btating that the sanctity of marriage is the centre of social morality the Letter goes on to Bay: — "This is seriously compromised by facilities of divorce, which have been increased in recent years by legislation in some countries. We have therefore held it our duty to reaffirm emphatically the precept of Christ relating thereto, and to offer Borne advice which may guide the clergy of our communion in their attitude towards any infringement of the Master's rule." On the Emigrant question the conference write:—" One class of persons more especially had a claim upon the consideration and sympathy of the conference. In our emigrants we have a social link which binds the churches of the British Islands to the Church of the United States, and to the churches in the colonies. No more pertinent question, there fore, could have been suggested for our delibe rations than our duty towardB this large body of our fellow- Christians, It iB especially in cumbent upon the Church to follow them with the eye of sympathy at every point in their passage from their old home to their new, to exercise a watchful care over them, and to pro tect them from the dangers, moral and spiritual, which beset their path, We have endeavored to offer some suggestions by fol lowing which this end may be attained." With regard to Reunion the Letter has the following:—"The attitude of the Anglican communion towards the religious bodies now separated from it by unhappy divisions would appear to be this:—We hold ourselves .in readiness to enter into brotherly conference with any of those who may desire intercom munion with us in a more or less perfect form. We lay down conditions on which such inter communion is, in our opinion, and according to our conviction possible. [These conditions the resolutions show to be: acceptance of the Bible, of the Apostles' Creed, and the Nicene Creed, of the two sacraments, and of the historic episcopate, locally adapted in the methods of its administration to the varying needs of the nations and peoples called of God into the unity of HSb church.] For, however we may long to embrace those now alienated from us, so that the ideal of the one flock under the one Shepterd may be realised, we must not be unfaithful stewards of the great deposit entrusted to ns. We cannot desert our position either aB to faith or disci pline, That concord would, in our judgment, be neither true nor desirable which should bs produced by such surrender. But we gladly and thankfully recognise the real religious work which is carried on by Christian bodies not of our communion. We cannot clrsa our eyes to the visible blessing which has been vouchsafed to their labors for Christ's Bake. Let us not be mis understood on this point. We are not insensible to the strong ties, the rooted convictions, which attach them to their present position. TheEe we respect, as we wish that on our side our own principles and feelings may be respected. Competent observers, in deed, assert that not in England only, but in all parts of the Christian world, there is a real yearning for unity—that men's hearts are moved more than heretofore towards Christian fellowship. The conference has shown in its discussions as well as its resolutions that it is deeply penetrated with this feeling. M jy the Bpirit of love move on the troubled waters of religious differences." On the subject of Authoritative Standards the communication says:—"In conformity with th9 practice of the former conferences we declare that we are united under our Divine • Head in the fellowship of the one Catholic and Apostolic Church, holding the one faith re vealed in Holy Writ, defined in the creeds, maintained by the Primitive Church and affirmed by the undisputed (Ecumeni cal Councils; as standards of doctrine and worship alike we recognise the Prayer Book with its Catechism, the Ordinal and the Thirty-nine Articles—the special heritage of the Church of England, and to a greater or less extent received by all the churcheB of our communion. We desire that these standards should be set before the foreign churches in their purity and simplicity. A certain liberty of treatment must be extended to the cases of native and growing churches, on which it would be unreasonable to impose, as conditions of communion, the whole of the Thirty-nine Articles, colored 83 they are in language and form by the peculiar circumstances under which they were originally drawn up. On the other hand it would be impossible for us to share with them in the matter of holy orders,. as in complete intercommunion, without satis factory evidence that they hold substantially the Bame form of doctrine as ourselves. It ought not to be difficult, much less impossible, to formulate articles, in accordance with- our own standards of doctrine and worship, the acceptance of which should be required of all ordained in such churches." The Letter concludes with a strong ex pression of the sense of strength arising from associated work, of thankfulness, Buch association having been rendered pos sible, and with the expression that good re sults may " redound to the glory of God and the increase of Ohriat'a kingdom." 