BEING considerably hurt at the manner in which we criticised the pretensions of a few men who assumed to speak for the whole colony at Yass a week or two ago, "The Wizard," who contributes the periodic "Notes from Gininderra" in these'columns, wrote us an article, possibly with a view bf showing us exactly what tone criticism should adopt. That article, in all its naked deformity, without the excision of one epithet or the sup pression of one threat, appeared in our issue of Saturday last. .The writer of the leader specifically referred to in no way pretends to the possession of infallibility, any more' than he pretends to the gift of prophecy. But there are sundry matters upon which a'man may take his stand and dely the whole world, including the Yass delegation. When it comes to a matter of two and two making four, he might, with-' out any pride or egotihtic assumption; refuse to.butdge one inch .though halt the philosophers in the universe.were noisily demonstrating them to be six. With regard to the conference itself, if further evidence were needed to establish the vagueness of its platform, it would be found in the fact that the great conlerence of Protectionists in Sydney, convened for the one purpose of deciding upon a conm mon policy, rejected it as unworkable. A national party, worth the name, must eschew glittering generalities as it would a nest of vipers; it must leave no loophole for misapprehension; it must so choose its essential points as to present a com plete circle of potential measures, each thp antecedent or the natural sequent of all the rest; and it must first of all endeavor to establish the rights of the workers, for it is a self-evident proposition that if the.work ing classes who are nine-tenths of the whole are in a prosperous condition the prosperity of the community is assured. Any party which fulfi!s these conditions, let it call itself by any name or by no name at all, will receive all the help that the influence of this journil can give. Whatever faults may be laid at the door of this journal it cannot be said that it has ever contained a line in opposition to true democracy. It has striven for years to establish rights which are yet in abeyance, and in spite of threats from men who are unable -to distinguish between true and sham democracy this line of policy will be fearlessly adhered to. Touching the vexed question of pro tection and freetrade it seems necessary for the fiftieth time to explain our exact position. The'" Wizard," whom we have always credited with possessing, at least, ordinary understanding, either wilfully or out of pure misapprehension falls into error, and pins a freetrade.certificate to our back, He says, with corrosive ire, wherein something more than mere pique scalds and excoriates, that It seoms a great'pity that the writer of the artioles in question, even though he does ride a hobby which he known is in tho deosendant, cannot so far control the piquao he fools at the approachabing downfall of hisi hobby as to show somo respeot at leaost for the consoiontious con viotions of suoh a large number of subscribers to the paper for whish he writes. " The Wizard" has been for a long time a regular contributor to this journal; we presume hIe hIas read thie scores of articles which durirg that lime have appeared herein with reference to the fiscal policy; we further presume that the process of reading is with. him not a mere mechani cal, brainless operation, but a conscious criticism.and assimilation; that he is not like a'barn-door fowl, content to merely pick 'up. half-argumsents which suit his preconcieived notions, and reject all else without even the pretence of examinatiol, and lastly, that he.is striving to get at the truth, encumbered as it always is in this world amongst a disproportionate amount of error. Assuming all this, we say that "The Wizard" knows perfectly well tit the above citation embodies a palpible and a mean falsehood. We have con sistently, from the time when the Jennings Dibbs Government brought the question of a high tariff into the field of practical politics, striven to show by argument, by illustrations drawn from universal history, from marshalled statistics furnished by non-political statisticians on the spot, that both Cobdenite freetadce and purotection have ut/crly friled to give to the vrst urIjority of the workeos a li/he of that which is tlheirs by right; that the condition of the great mass of men is pitiable both in protected and ireetrade countries; thiat the true remedylies deeper thnanaything connected with fiscal policies can reach; and that the wide world,'look where we will, is eldquent of this. We have recurred again and again to this the central claose in our political creed, and if "TThe Wizard " has not after thlse, years recognized this we question his righteor his ability to criticize either ourselves or anything we say. We have before us as we write a volume published a year or two back in which the great commercial wovrld-depressron is viewed from many ston Ipoir;ts. The official returns .of. Boards of Trade, Commercial -Bureaus, and Statistical Departrisents all over the industrial world, compiled by men who took no note of political questions whatever, but simply recorded undeniable ficts, are there set forth. From.that volume we gather that the distress amongst thie working classes, and thestrain upon capital, were as severe in America as in England, as crushing in Germany as in Belgium i that the loss of trade in France was tremendous and the consequent poyertyamongst the artizan classes horrible; that with increasing weailthl asa wholei capital and labour were relatively obtaining less and less ever)y where. This, is one of those indubitable facts .which: cannot be poob-poohed by any congregation at Yass or elsewhere, and it bears out whit we have stated, that a national' party ,vhich pretends to be able to establish permanent prosperity and raise up a: contented working class by meins which have utterly failed the world over is, to.quote ." The Wizard's" own elegatnt !janguage, " worthy onily of the s:cathing, Coritempt " of every honest and' intelligent democrat in the colony. The fiscal question is never settled, a decided proof that whichever phase it assumes, whetliei high tariff for protection or low tarifl fdr revenue only, it fails to touch the existinge'vil. 'We in this'colony are seeking to reverserhepolicy. In Americathe tide is running strongly in.the opposite direction. The farmers of:yicetoria will- be all free. traders if they do r'ot secure a bonus on exports aid;'a practically, prohibitive stock tax. 'TIheiir 'leIding .organ has. left no doubt on this point. What is the mean ing of :that, powerlul upheaval of Social istie thought in Germaiy if it does not signify a complete failure of the tariff to secure a decehtliving t 'the millions. In England:'.the same unrest is apparent. What a?re a'e,ais men gifted with some ability to ,draw inferences, to understand from all this universal dissatisfaction, save that fiscal policies are only expedients, that they.do pot,even touch fl.e fringe of the evil, and that the attention of all wcell wishers'of their cosintry should be directed not to fiscal policies alone, but to the fundamental principles' whichi lie deep down below them all? This briefly is our position,'and if "TheWizard" imagines us to be in -love with -the Pulsfordian shallowness he does us. a wrong. Will "ThejWizard,' now . that he. has,, witl; rage such as characterised Achilles before Troy, flung his defiance at us, explain how it is that while .capital and labour conjoined are becoming more and more productive.every year through the growing efliciency. of labour land,. the extensive application '.of science, to industry, the interest on capital isfalling and the wages to labour, are declining;.here .gradually, there' with spasmodic ?did disturbing jerks I Willhe kindly explain whythree centuries ago, in a' rude age and with mostineffi cient appliances, . the: labouring classes could support their fimilies in England on the wages of three or four days' work per- week, while now, both .in England and America, it is.almost invariably the case tLhat he cannot live on six days' labour, but must send his wile or his elder children to the factpry to eke out the.deficiency? These and similar ques tions lie at the root of contemporary politics, and the man who cannot see their' universality is singularly blind. The faith which once existed.in the efficacy of mere external policies is dead.. What remains is a mere simu lacrum, a gibbering ghost of a faith. Gambetta said that there are now no questions but social ones, and Gambetta is echoed by men of all nationalities and all parties. Here and there the dead old creed is recited, as witness the drowsy dronings of Mr.'J. F. Burns, and the' spiritless mouthings' of Mr. Pulsford, or the equally drowsy platitudes of Messrs. Luscombe and O'Sullivan. We of Aus tralia, with our hands comparatively free, with no emasculAtirig vestiges of feudalism to sap our young freedom, with a territory practically boundless, with manhood euffrage, might solve without revolution the riddle of the Sphin', that riddle which, face to face with eeyy great nation in the world, no matter whlit its particular policy at.the Custom House, must be an swered aright if revolption is to be averted. But it is clear we shall fail egregiously if we adopt the same course which has else wlrer brought failure. Nothing can be more certain than that. It matters little what a man is or where he lives or what hIis profession, sufficient strychnine will poison him. W\Ve can afford to be dog matic on points like these, "in fallible" if thie word suits better, because nation after nation and generation after generatibn have stamped tbem with the' impress of truth, and no series of resolutions, whether adopted in Yass or London or New York, can alter the established fact. The real difference between the condition of labour in free trade or partially Ireetrade communities and that of labour in rigidly protected ones is so infinitesimal, and so unsatisfac tory in all, that it is not worth squabbling over. "Sweating" is as rife in New York as it is in London, as the special commis sioner of the Tribune recently showed. Wages in protected Europe, both relatively to production and actually as a quantity, are considerably below wages in England. This by itself does not prove protection to be the cause, but it proves what we contend, that protection is powerless to remnove the evils existing under freetrade. Under both policies wrongs spring up luxuriantly and poverty keeps pace with progress. The only honest attitude to assume is to recognise the truth and give our investigations a wider sweep. Per haps " The Wizard" will, in the interests of truth and Australia, grapple with the enigmas we have touched upon. Whether he chbose to do so or not one thing is certain, the problems exist. 