\- DEAD MAN'S 'HOCK. A ROMAHOE BT Q. , BOOK I. THE QUEST OF THE GEAT RUBY, CHAPTER IX. (COBracm) O'lNTMNS TBB SBCOIfp.PABT OP MY PATHKtt'B JOOUNAL, SCETMO yOMH HB ADVENTURES ' Ut THE ISL AND OP 'OSYLON. -» ' I "almost wept iwith wraih. I tore the turf in my. frenzy,, and felt as oas who would taih ' curse Gbd "ann die. Eut after a white my passion spent litsolf. I sat up and reflected that ;afterj all my first direction mignt nave oeen cni rigns one ; av any rate, I would try apd ex'pure it thoroughly. Toe instructions wire prpise,, and had been con firmed id toe m'atterbf the tree. Evidently tbe person that' wrqe them had been upon the -Peak, and what, If they were lies, was to be gained by the oheit- - 'T Dulled oat thebarchment again ahd read it through ; theifstarted to my feet witb freeh energy. I w» just leaving toe little lawn aud returning down -my path, when it struck roe that toe task on my left baud was of a cariouB . ebape.. Alt ewmed, a mere tangled knot' of creepera oovtrod with urge white bl-iBSom, and roae.to'toout my i va height CareUeely I thrust mi, stick into! u masd, when its point jarredLupai— atone I ' Yes; stone ! In a momenv my knife was ont and I, was down ' on ftaula and knees catting and tearing at the tlnddlk. Borne of them 'were full three: incites ihick, but I slsBhed and tugged, with prealh. that came and went; immoderately fait, vith . bleeding band and; thumping heart, uitil little: by little the stone was baited sini ifu outlines revealed themselves. I , - . -'-CU . ' ' Bat as tbey grew distinct I aaw what I had unoovered,.I fell, bade in terror. Tbe atone 'was about five fret - ttn ' inches in height, and w«a roughly si aped to represent a hnihan head: and heoL ' Bqt ehe faoa'it was that froze my heatsjl blood! tn horror. Never rintil I die shall lforgot that hellish expression. It was the aqootbly-shaven face or a man or tiuuuij Uiwj /#-" D, o,U| ,uu,-', carved after the fashion at many of the raiaB on tbis moantain. Bnt enoaver fashioned it,, the artist' mnet have b< in a fiend. If ever malignknt bate was ex rested in form, it stood before : me. Even the blank pnpile mode the ' molevolenoo e em bnt toe more undying, Every featurr every line, was horrible, every toncb of t le chisel had added a f resh grace oi devilish spite. It was simply Evil petrified. ....... ' As this awful face, bored of the innocent creeper that for years had shroqdad Its ugii- aeee from the light of day. Confronted me, a feeling of each repulsion overcame me' that for several minutes f could not' touch it. The neck was loosely est in a sort of socket fixed in the earth ; this Waa all- the monster's pedestal. I ea w tbat it barely oeeded a man'e strength to send it toPPling over. Yet lor a moment Ioould summon up none. At length l out my baqda.to.it, .and wuth an, effort aant It crashing. over amid the. brush wood. The, trough iu whioh .tots coloerial head had rested vms abbqt lour feet m depih, and natfoWeu to'warde ' hq bqtto.m. T put down mv hand ond'drew out-a human thigh-bone. The touoh'Sf tHie would have turned me atcK again,. hsd bot' tbfr statue's face already ear felted me with ho'rrof. As it wae,il..wae nerved for any .eight. The passion , of my. discovery .was .upon ;mq, and, I toesed the moaldorrag bonea out to right and left. .'. Be; etoy. Tbqre seemed a great many in the trtugh. . ' Surely this wao. tha third thigh- bbhb'ckat I'held no w in my hand; ' Yas, and bolow'Cloee to tbe bottom qf the trough, . lay twq'.ejalte. eldei 'by jWdei. There wore two, toenV-lnried here.-> The parchmont had only sphkev of one,;; But :I: had no> time to oon- eider.iubout .thie.i vWhat Ieuught.now.was the eoci-et, dnd aa I took np tha second akull I canghv the gleam of metal nnderneqtb it. I put in, ny-Lband ahdjdrew out a bnckle ol 8?,lTbie buekte. ie formed of two pibees, bouud to eitoey end of a thin.belt of ratten lidoDp and 'united by hook aud flooitet. It8# whole dimcnoiQna at8 bat 9m. 2io..;bat intide its darloaaly batved border it to eutuely covered withwntlnt? in rado Eaghah cha racter, 'Tho narrowiag laanol oi the (rough (..J Lont Is Isam hninn nPBlhAll hf thfl Atftlllfl. wbioh fitted into a rim runuog, round toe interior. Beyond the bookie and the two skeletons . there, woe nothing in the trough ; bnt I looked for nothing elee. Here, in tny hflnAa lay the secret of ths Great Ruby of Ceylon my ' fingers clutched toe wealth of princes. My "journey had eaded, - and the riches of the earth were in my grasp. 1 Forgetful of my guides, forgetful of the flfght of time, mindfal of nothing bnt the golden buckle;. 1 sat down by tosrtmoflhe trough and began to decipher the writing;; The inscription, aa far as I ooald gather, ran right across .the clasp. It could beread easily enough, . end-coateined accurate direc tions for searching' in eome epot, but where that spot 'wiis it did not reveal. It might be close to the statue; and I was abont to start up and make' the attempt whea l thought Araln of the Dorohnient. FaHing it from my pocket, I read : ' ' ... beneath this tone lies the -eeret of the Great Raby ; end it not ell, tor the rest is graven on toe Key which shall be already entrhited to you, These precautions have I taken that none may surprise this! Secret bat. its right pos- Now' my father's ! will had expressly efijolnedvOU pain of his dying corse, that shla key should riot be moved from its piece until the Trenoweth who went to seek tha treasure should have returned and crossed the threshold of Hentrig. -Ooaseqaently tbe ruby wo not.boried on Adam's , Feak, or to return for the key would have.been so much labour wasted. Ooaseqaently, atao,' i the golden buckle was vaiueless to anybody but him who knew tbe reut o! tny lathers injnnotions. i Al though not yet In my hand, .sbe Great Kaby wts mine. I woe' folding rip tbe bnokle with the parchment before rejoining the guides, ben-a carious thing happened. : - - Tbe sari-had olimbsa higb into - heaven whilst I was absorbed in my search, and was iw flooding the Utile lawn with light. In -_!cia.._ai ku a,! anii tMn nnthinff. bqr tTthat tbe heat was growing an- bearable beneath the verfcal ren Bot ae I wot folding up'the parehoient a blank shadow suddenly fell scroes "be page I slatted and 'Aboveme stood 8imon Coliiver.' He was standing in the broad light of tbe son aod' watching me Intently, with a ennous smile which grew so oar ere met. How long he had been therctl oould not gaee, bat the strangeheee of meeting him on this spot, and the occupation in wbioh I waa eurpria-d, discomposed me not a little. Hastily ' thrusting back tbe bnckle end the parobmeat into my pocket, I ecrmoied to my foot and stood facing htm. isven oe s oia so, au oar. Sanderson's warnings came flashing into my m'nFor fall a minute we stood confronting each other without a word He was still standing in the full blaze ot the aaulight, with toe same odd smile noon hie face, and e 'peculiar light to hie dark eves that never swerved for a moment. Finally he'gave a low laugh and nodding lightly, «id— _ ' ' " Odd thing our meeting like this, eh ! Hand ot Fate or eome Bach thing migut be mixed np in it from the way we run aoross puch otiKt'e path ' J, iQOkCUe ' M Queer, too, you'll allow, that wo ahoald both be struck with the fano? far ascending this mountain. Very few Europeans do it, ;»o I'm told, fm on my way np, aye you ! Not Coming down aad taking things 'sbBily, to judge by the way I found you \- tbbman mockirigme ! " Or had he, after all, up aaaplciana ! vHis jvdloa was soft end. pleasant as e»«r, nor, could_ I detect a trace of irony! in it, tone. 7 Bat I wot on my ; ' " This Faakeeeme itrSwa wtth the h»ndl- work '-of the heathen, , he oonrinned. But 'really yonrsMtn toi be in luck'away,.' Icon- gratulate you. What's this f - -Bkelotohe, eh ? Upoo my" word, Trenowoto, you're.qnearthftl a treatars. And this? .A statae! -Well, it's a queer ploe to coma banting for statnes, bnt you've ploked np on ugly-looking beggar in all cooecleuoe !' :He bid advanced to toe head, wbioh lay lri.' tha'fuuK. oerbAgd elating fly In hideous spite io.betved.. ; .'Presently .no tnrned to-mo and said— " Well, .thie. ifi very eemarl»Me., 'Tbe fellow who carved toil , oeeme to huvebor. ro'wed.rpy feature— not very compfiinentary of him, L must sty. Don't you see tbe tike-' neae !' - ' 1 It was eolemu truth. Feature by feature that atrocious faoe was simply a reproduc tion of Colliver's. As I' stated in annulment it aeemed mora and more met veiious that I bad not: noticed tbe reaemblaace before. True, each fea'.are was distorted and exag gerated to produce the utter malignity of its expression. But' the facd ,was the face of Coliiver., Nobody coald have called him a handsome man, ' bnt before this I had fonnd Coliiver not . unpleasant to look upob, Now the hate of the etatue'e faee seemed to have reflected iteelf npon him- I leant against 1 tree for snpporc, and passed my band aoross my byow. as 11 to D-raiau ,a rearim aream, Bui it .was, no . dream, and- when he tnmed to siiqnk agnitx , t could eeo larking beneath tbe asaamed .expt«esiori of the, man all the evil paesioris and foul wickedness engraved upon the stone. Weil," i\e. remarked, " stranger thiugB than' this have happened, bat not mash, Yba 'seemed distressed, Trenoweth. Surely I, if. any 'one,,' uave the. right to be annoyed. But iyou let -yonr, antiquarian zeal carry, you too far,. It's; hardly fair to. dig these pour remains from "their sepulchre and leave tbem to bleach bebeath thia tropical son, even in the interest of scie'noe." 'With this he knelt down and began to gather— very reverently, as I thought-the Donea in o. a heap, and replace them in their tomb, : This - done, be kicked up a lump or two ol turf from' the little lawn and preeed it.down upou them, hamming to himself all toe while. -Finally he rose and turned again towards me— You'll excuse me, . Trenoweth. It'B sentimental, no doubt, bat I. have, conceited a kind of respect for these remaina. Sup- poae, for example, tnie faoe was really a pot- tos deceased was very like me. I -forgive him for caricaturing my features now ;' were he alive, -it-might be different. " Bnt this place >B sufficiently ont oi the way to prevent the tesemblauca. being noted by many, By the way, forgot to ask how yon chanced on thia spot. For my (lart, I thought that I beard aqmething moving iu. the 'thicket,, so I roifowed tbe sound out of pure curibeity, and came upon yon. Well, well ! it's a strange world ; dad t's a wunderful thonght, too, tbat this may be the grave of some primmval ancestor of mine who roamed this- peak for his daily food— n . ancestor of, soine import ance, too, in his day, to judge by the.magui- ficenca of his tomb. A post , might make eometbing oat. of this': to-day faqe,to faoe with 'the day befote yesterday. But that's thebeauty ot arcbicology. I did riot 'know it was a' pnrsnit of yours, and am glad to see you are sufficiently recovered of your illness -to take it ap again. Good-bye for tbe preeent. I am obliged to be caatioas in taking fare well of yon, for we, have each a habit of meeting unexpectedly. So, as I .have to be np and moving for tbe enmmit, I'll say uoqa-oye rqr.cne preeent.' we may as well leave this image , where it is ; the.dead won't miss - it, - and it's, handy by, at any rate, Addio, Trenoweth, and the .best ot lack to your future researches." . 'He was gone. I coald hear him singing as he went a strange song .which ha had often sung on the outward voyage— Blng hot ! lor thedead maa's Um, my tods . sing ho 1 forth dead man's soul. " At his r«d, redilps. . . . . ' The aong died away in the distance before I moved. I bad hardly opened my lips, during tbe interview, and now bad mnch ado to believe it a reality. But toe newly-turfed grave was voucher enough for this. A horror of the place' seized me ; l east one ahndder iug look at the giant face and rushed from the epot, leaving "(be silent creepers to veil once more that<awfril likeness from toe eyes. '"as' I emerged npon the traek again I came uponFAter and Paul, who were seeking roe higb ifrod lovi . with dismay written npon their -face. I'-Ycusing my abserioe as best I coald, I declau-d myself -'ready, in spite at my ankle, to make' ail haste in the descent. Of our journey down the -Peak I need: say little, except itbdt, .iarue as I waa, I.surpriaed aad exhausted my guides in- my hurry, Of the daagcro .and dlffieuitiss. which; bad embar- raeqd, our, aeqarit I .seairied, to feel nothing. Extopt.iu tpe cooloikhe forest, .toe heat woe almost insufferable ;" but. I .would hear ot no; delay until We' reaehed'Ratnupoora. Here, instead-ol retnrning as we had come, we-took a hnnt dbmo'ths'lialu-giicga river "to Catturo, und theuoa travelled -along the coast by P«m- tnra to Colombo. : j ' The' object of. thy journey is now accom plished ; rand! it only-romains to hasten- home with all-speed. But I am feeling strangely unwell' as.Xwrite - this. ; Ky heaa bat never fully recovered that blow at Bombay, aud I qhink tbo hoars during . which ,1 remained ex posed to the sun's , raye, by the side of tbat awful image, mast huvo affeoted it Qr perhaps the fatigue of tbo'jouruev has worn me out. If I am going to -sioken I must bide my secret. ' It would be safer to bury it witb the Journal, , at any rate1 for the time, some where in the garden ihafe. I have a tin box IQBI Will JUQB .MUQYTOK IUD (lUCpUQDi «! USWI ia giving me agony, I aan write no more,' CHAPTER X CONTAINS TBJC THIRD ' AMD LAST PART Of MY , FATHER'S J0UKNAI.. aBTTINO YOUTH THE , MUTINY ON BOARD. THR BRLLB FORTUNE. . 1 'June 19 —Strange that wherever I am hospitably entertained I recompense my hoas by falling ill in hia house. Since my last entry in this journal I have been Iiviugat the gate of death, smitten down with a sore sickness; . It seems that the long exposure and weariness of -my - journey to the - Peak tbrew me inlo a f ever y but ofthia l should soon have recovered, were it not for my head, wbich l fear. will never be wholiy right again. That oowardlys. blow, upon: -Malabar Hi, has qiade a sad wreck of me ; twice, wiie < I seemed in a fair wav to recovery, baa uiv mind entirely given . way, Mr. Evereielgn indeed assures me that my life baa more than once been - despaired ' of— and thea what woald- have beoome ' of poor Margery ! 1 hope lam thankful to God for so mercifully paring my poor Kfe, , the more so because conscious how unworthy I' am to appear before Him. ' I trust I did not betray my secret in my wanderiogs. 'Mr. Eversleigb telle me 1 talked tbe strangest staff at times— about rubies and skeletons, and a 'certain dreadful face from wbich l was struggling to escape. But the security of my journal and tbe golden olasp, which I recovered to-day, somewhat reassured ma: I am allowed to walk in the garden for a short space every day, bnt not until to-day have I. found strength to dig for my hoard. I can hardly desoribe my emotions on fiuding it safe and sound. ' Poor Margery 1 How anxious she must be getting at my silence. I will write her to-morrow— at least I will begin my letter to morrow, for I shall not have- strength" to finish it in one day. Even now-I ought not Km mviflnff. hnf. 1 runnnt ffmWrmhkinff hn entry in my- reeov .-r-d journal, if only to record my thankfuiuess to Heaven (or my great deliverance. \- ' June 23.— I have written to Margery, but tola the letter op on second thoughts, as I Had bee tor wait until I hear news of a vessel in whioh I oan safely travel home. Mr. Eversleigb, who is very- kind to me,- though riot so hsrty as Mr. 8aadenon, will nut hear of oar-starting In my present condition. I wonder tri what part o( the world Oolliver is travelling now. . . . ' July 1.— Oh, this weary' waiting 1 Shall I never see the shores of England again 1 The doctor says that I only m»ke myself worm by fretting : out it is naro to nnger.o — when at my jonroey's end lies wealth almost beyond the imagination, and, what is far more to me, the sight of my dear ones. July i —In answer to my entreaties, Mr. Eversletgh has 'consented, to make iaquiries about the homeward-bound vessels etartiog from Oalombo. The result ie that he ha at once allayed my impatience, and compassed his end ot keeping me a little longer, by selecting— npon condition that I approve hie choice— an East Indiaman due to sail in about a fottnigh'.'s time. Tha name of the ship is the Belle Fortune, aad of thncaotaiu, a rr.i Jt T _. ..tA ili Manw thu VV>UB auimuv iu ayira ui «uv ship is English, and ie a barque of. about 000 tons register. Her cargo consist or sugar and coffee, and her orew on®" some eighteen bands, Tp-morrow'® going down witt Ev«olebto " t0 Weak OS- 1 am, even yesterday's '«hXe0"oriSea1.SVghCbar hive toe Belle Fortqne.aud am more tor me? at IHUo cost, slnoelt'bad ri?Pfiteed up.Vqr a lady on tbe outward "jo - ro tbatT.haU still have a little voyago : so return, as my living, JJ?'/ !" FJJd tt Bombay, bas .ooal nolhing. Ari fbe doctor's bills have not exhausted m/ a oro. I wr 0 tc again to Margery to-day, I roaluug asligat ot thy illnesi us I ooald. and saying nothing of the -burinesa on Malabar HilL Choi will best oe told hot whqa she bas mo home again, and can hold my band feeling tbat I am secure, ' 'July 8 —I have been down again to- day to noe tho Bello Fortune. I forgot to 'say she belonged to Mesnrs. Vincent aod Hert,r>f Bristol, and is botin-1 f it that port. other passeugere are a Dr. Concanen and His wife, who are acquaintances oi Mr, Even- leigb, Qr. Concanen is a physician with a good practice in Colombo, or was, as his wife's delicate health hits forced him tcihrow'ap his employment here and return t.i England.' Mr. Evsrslslgh in'-rodnoed me to them this uioruiog on tbe Be'le Fortune. The husband is almost as tall as my boat, and looks a man of great" strength.- Mrs: Concanen ie (rail and worn, but very lovely. To-day ehe seemed so ill that I offered to give np my cabin, which is really rnnch more com- fortable than theirs. Bnt she would not heat of it, insisting that I was by far tha greater invalid,, 'and that a sailing vessel . would quickly est her right again, especially a vessel bound for England. Altogether thov promise to be most pleasant companions. .Ifurgot to say tbat Mrs. Concanen ie taking a native maid home to actias her nurse. ' July 11,— We start in a week's time. I had a long, talk with. Captain Holding to day ; be hopes to make a fairly qaiok passage, bat says: that he is short of hauds. I have not seen the Concensus since. 1 July 1C. — We Bail to-morrow afternoon. 1 have beea down to moke my final'arrange- uieuta, and find m; cabin much to my liking. Captain Holding ia still sbort of hands. July 17,7.30 p.m.— We oast off on warps shortly after 4 o'clock) 'and were qaiokly running homeward at - about seven knots aa hoar. The Concanens stood on deck witb me watcbing Ceylon grow- dim on tbe horizob. As the.proud cone of Adam's Peak faded softly and slowly, ioto tbe eyeaiug's mist, aod so vanished, as I hope, for ever out of my life, I could not. forbear returning thanks to Providence, which has thas far IWAtaUsiI MA HA MAM JakfMllaa rilu USA Id M vvawuiiQU uvui uto WJ wuUUQtLUitjri . A tawsw am fair breeze, and the hands, though short, do their work well to all appearance. There were only fifteen yesterday, three having been missed for about a week before we sailed, but I have not yet seea Captain Holding to ask him if be made np his number of hands at the last moment. Mrs. Concanen haa .invited me to their cabin to have a chat about Eogland. 1 July 18.— lam more disturbed than I care to own by a vary carious discovery which I made this morning. As I issued on deok I saw a man standing by the forecastle,, whose : back seemed familiar ts ma Presently be turned, and I saw him to be Simon Coliiver, He baa most strangely altered hie appsaranom being dressed now as a common sailor, aad i wearing rings in bis ears, aa the custom ia. iCatcbiag eight of me he came forwatd with a pleasant smile and explained himself. ' 1 "It is no manner -of use, Trenoweth; we're fated to meet. Yon did not exoeol to see me bete in this . get up ; but I learns tqst 'night that yon were on board. 'Yon look ae .thongh yon had seen a ghost. Don't stare so, ;man— iBhould say 'sir' now; I suppose— it's only another ot tortune a tods. 1 ion: ui 'after tbat journey to the Peak, and although Rsilton nursed me like a women— he' . a 'good fellow; and not ae rongh as yon would expect — I woke' up nut of my fever'tofind'all ithe money gone. I'm a fellow of reaonroe, Trenoweth, so I hie' on the idea of working ray passage home ; by good luck I found the Belle Fortune was sbort of hands, offered my services, was accepted— having been to eea. before, you know — sold my old clothes for this costume— must dress when oneie acting a part— and here I am." ' " Ia Riilton with you!" I asked. \- '"Oh, yes; similarly 'attired.' I did not Bee yon yesterday, being basy 'with the cargo, so that it's all the more pleasant to meet here. - But work ie tbe - order ol the day now. You'll give me a good character to the captain, won't you 1 Good-bye. lor the preeent." ... ' I cknnotteU how much' this meeting haa depressed me. Certainly I' have ' no reason for disbelieving the man's story, ' but the frequency 'and strangeness of oar meetings make it hard to believe them altogether accidental. I saw Railton in tbe afternoon : be is greatly altered for the worse, and, I iboald think, had been drinking heavily before be shipped,; but the eaptaln. was evidently too short of hands to' be pottwqlar. , I think I will give toe Concariena my tin box tohlds iu 'their cabin. Ot course, 1 can trust them/and this will ballW tbofc ; the clasp i will wear about me. This ie a happy idea, I'witl'go to tueir cabin and ask tbem. Itie half-post 9 p.m., and tho -nlnd still fair. .T believe; - " . ' " . : " ' ' July 20.— We have bo far kept up an average>peed of Sevan knots and a' half an hour, ana Csptsin Holding thinks we shall' 'even make better sailing'when the hands are more accustomed to their work. 1 spend my time mostly with-' the ' Concsneue, who toadily, by the way, undertook the care of my tin box, and find them tbe most agreeable of fellow-travellers. Mrs. Concanen has a very sweet voice; and her husband has learnt to aecompariy it on ths galtat, so that altogether we spend very pleasant evening, ' (to be continued,) 