TRoveltet. WmuTmm OF PARRAIATTA. A OHARMING LOVE STORY OF IN TENSE AND THRILLING INTEREST. v By LAURA JEAN LIBBEY. CHATTER XXIli A STAllTLIHC! MSCOVBH JV The next- afternoon, a3 Max Forrestor sat in his arm-chair by the lace-draped window,- his fair hend bent dejectedly on his hands, the door opened softly andhis mother entered. "Max," she said, huskily*. "you are weaving your life out. Will you lievor bo a bio to forgi'fc ?" ' . ' An expression of deep pain crossed his handsome face. > ' "No," ho answered, desperately. ."Try ao I will, never for a momont am I able to forgot; waking or sleeping, alono or in the midst of crowds, tho faco of Florabel is over beforo mo. Despite nil, I cannot believe my darling has gone—to him. I will not beliovo it." , - _ ; • " You must not brood over this matter, my son," said Mrs. Forrester, laying hor jewelled hand on his fair, clustering curls. "Constant brooding has dothroned many a man's reason. You aro my only son, Max. If: anything should happen to you, I—I should die. You must give up the hopo of searching out Arthur Hnrlhurst and holding him accountable," she faltered. , : " 1 will trace him and find out what he is to Florabol if it costs- me lny life," he answered, bitterly. "Ho is in Sydnoy, mother," ho went oil, huskily. " I have tr^ed him here ;■ sooner or later wo shall meet." "I pray Heavou you may not," an swered Mrs, Forrester, fervently. The. following day, as Max fiteppod from a cab, tho ftvat person whom ho met was Gerald Thorndyko, his old college friend. . „ . ".■Why, Forrester," said Garaltl, aghast, "how changed you aro!. J would not have rocogiiised you if you hud not Bpokon. Oonie into this enfd. I have not dined yot, and we will liavo a talk ovor old limes. What do you say 1" " Certainly," said Max, leading the way. . .. ... , " What is1 this you wrote mo," said Max, turning abruptly to his friend after they had given their order,' " about going to marry ono woman whilo your heart was another's ? .Tako my advice ; don't du it." :: , '■ . i-v.' '• Gerald Tliorndylco flushed red, then turned deadly pale. " Fate has taken all ohoico in the mat tor'out of my hands," ho replied, with much embarrassment. " The heiress broke oil' tho engagement with , mo ; and the girl for whom'I-would liavo renounced a fortune' refused mo point , blank, with acorn and dorision, thon suddenly disap peared. I have beon trying to discovor nor whereabouts evor since," . (iorald Thoriidyko know his friend's Rtriot notions, of honor, too well to tell him ■jxaotly how1 tho affair liad happoned.j indoed, it waa a Bourco of deen atinoyanco to recall tlio matter at all, all save thai part of it relating to Florabel. " No doubt you censuro nicr, Forrcstor for admirinjg ono when I was ongaged , to another, but if you had soon Miss Vano y6u 'would not have marvelled at thn.t. Why, she was as beautiful na a dream, with a beauty, at onoq peculiar and strik ing. Her face was as fair as a lily ; her dimpled oheoks like two pink roso3 ; and her eyes—it would tako a paint or or a poet to describe them—they were of a rich, hazel,wonderfully pathetio ; and the littlo head waB orowned with a mass of curling, 'golden hair. . Why, heavens! Forrester, what is tho mattor 'i You look as palo as a ghost." T : ' 1 " A ghost of tho past haB just risen up to confront mei Do you know, Thorndyko; you havo described accurately—my wife 1 I did not,believe tho round world hcld.ono lileo lier.. You shall soo her picture, and you can judge for yourself. No doubt but you havo hoard my story 5 tho news papers have aired it pretty thoroughly." "Yes, I havo heard of it,replied Thorndyko, extending his hand and grasp ing that of Max in earnest sympathy; "but I hopo all will come out right in the ond." , ' " Never 1" declared Max, firmly. _ As he spoko ho took the /portrait from' his breast pockct and handed it aoross the tnblo to his friend. One glance, then Gerald Thorndylte »prang to his foot with a startled cry.: ■ " My God! am I inad, or do I droam 1" hu cried, excitedly. • " No, no, iriy Benson aro nob playing 1110 falso j lit is ia tho por trait of Miss Vane! Even hor name,in her own delicate chirography, is boncath it—Florabel. Do you moan to tell me this—ihis—is your wife, Forrester?" he said, his voico husky with agitation, "Yes," replied Max, wonderingly. "Then, by all that is wonderful, I declare solemnly this .is the same young girl I knew as Mis3 Vane—Florabel Vane," said Gorald, whito to the lips but not more white than Max. "This is the girl with whoso lovely face I fell madly in love at first sight," Mux had sprung to' his feet in iiitonso amazement. "I do not comprehend what you say, cried Max, hoarsely. "Make this thing clear to mo, Tliorndyke," " I will," replied Gerald. " Calm your self. Sit down and listen. I will tell you alland ho told him briefly and truth-, fully the story of Miss Carlisle's accident, which had brought, her and the beautiful young stranger together, and all that hud transpired since. , " It is but two days since that you saw her in tho park, you say 1" gasped Max. " It is so," replied Gerald. _ " And you have boon searching for her ever since, but can find no traco of hor •" questioned Max, breathlessly. "If tho greon earth'had suddenly opened and swallowed her, she could nob be more completely lost to tho world," said'Gorald. "For weeks she h:id.been-the" com panion of Miss Carlisle. That was proof positive, thon, that she was not with Hurl hurst. He could have cried aloud to Heaven with very joy for that. How cruelly the world had judged her, his poor, innocent darling. A flush of something very like tho truth dawneil upon him. Believing that lie would keep his word—that ho.meant to leave her—alio had gone quietly away—to face the great cold world—alone. Thon, in tho faco of all this, ho remem bered her letter. She had written on that tear-blotted pogo that sho was "going to Arthur;" and at the thought his faco grow dark and stormy. He would have given his life to have believed in her inno cence ;■ but,- ah, Ileavon 1 how could ho ? how could lie ? Ho bowed his handsomo, troubled face in his hands, his tall form shaking like an aspen leaf. - It had beon a sovore breaking up of a pretty love dream to Gerald Tliorndyke. It was his creed to fall in lo.vo with lovely young girls ; but ho never mado tho fatal mistake of admiring or givingono thought to a beautiful woman 011 whotn another had claims which should always be hold sacred. v " I* will pledge you my word to do all in my power to aid you in finding hor, Max," ho said, as they parted an hour later. " Rest assured, if sho is in Sydney we shall soon know it; and this follow Hurl hurst—we will givo him a little attention, too." Gerald Thorndylco walked slowly back to his hotel. " I'm tho most unlucky dog • undor tho sun," ho ruminated.' " Miss Carlislo and her fortune ftone ; and tho girl I liavo loved so madly, Max Forrester's bride. Was thero over such a controtomps—such a strange revolution of: the '-wheel of fate!'' Ho walked into tho reading-room of,tho hotel, and, threw himsolf down into; an arm-chair'near tho window; A-young man sat oppoaito^liiin, glancing eagerly down tho columns of a newspaper. His faco seomcd to attract Gorald Thoriidyko strangely at first glance. Feel-, ing intuitively tho^deep scrutiny of tho prolonged gazo heiit upon.liim, tho young man dropped tho' paper nervously and turned hastily awajr. • " Why should ho do that?" thought Tliorndyke, picking up a paper and pre tending to- bo absorbed in its columns. "There is something wrong thero, I feel sure. \ That fellow will bear watching." \ Twice tho young man roBofrom his seat and paced up and down tho floor of tho reading-room, eagerly watching tho great bronco clock 011 tho wall. • . ■ . Several strangors ontered the room, and Gorald Thorndyk'o saw him glance "keenly, and with voprossod uneasiness and agitation, vory carefully at ouch and overy ono; and as they looked at him indif ferently and passed by, ho turned away in apparent relief. : . ■ As the porter pas3od by tho door , ho beckoned to him. • , - ' "Has my baggago beon taken down from Mny room yet?" I10 asked, hesi tatingly. ' • "Not yet, sir," returned the man. "You are to fako the 8:4.5 train. It .is only 8:15 now.; You liavo plonty of time." Tho young man resumodhis scat and his paper. '• ■ " I shall never fool safo until I havoput' considerable distance botwoen Sydney aud me," ho muttered. \; ; ;' _ At that instant ono of tho .boys stopped' into tho room, holding a telegram in his hand. "Is Mr. Arthur, Hurlhurst lioro?" ho asked, glancing quickly amon^ tho dif ferent groups of gontloinen. "A telegram for him.!' . • . 1 • ■ The young man sprang to his feet and hold out his hand for it, saying* in a con strained voico : . "This' way, my lad. /'am Arthur Hurlhurst."'' - 