FUN AND FANCY. An illiterate vendor of beer wrote over his door at Harrogate, Bear sold here.’ ‘He spells the word quite correctly,’ said Theodore Hook, ‘if he moans to apprise us-that the article is liis own hriiin.’ A verdant green young gentleman stopped at one of the hotels, and sat down to dinner. Upon the bill of fare being handed to him by the waiter, he remarked that he ‘ didn’t care ’bout readin’ now—he’d wait till after dinner. ‘ Wife,’ said a wag to his better half one day, who was holding a squalling, kicking youngster, ‘ that child is bound to make a noise in the world.’ ‘Yes, and his mark, too,” said the wife, who had just received a deep scratch upon the face from the juvenile’s digits. Miss Blunt—‘ Lam told that you have made up your mind to remain a bachelor ali your life, Mr Knobchewei - .’ Mr K.—l—aw—beg your pawdon, Mitli Blunt; I nova authowised such a statement.’ Miss B.—‘ Then I must have been misinformed.’ Mr K.— 1 Who—aw—told you, tho’ V Miss B. ‘I wasn’t told in exactly those words, but I was told that you had expressed a determination never to marry any girl who know more than yourself.’ ‘ I want you to introduce mo to the manager,’ said a lady, as her husband returned to his seat in the middle of the row after his inter-act refreshment. ‘ Why so, my dear?' enquired the man. ‘I want to suggest that in his new theatre he have the seats for men placed on traps, worked by a spring in the floor, so that when you get thirsty you can sink gracefully.through the floor into the saloon below, and come back the same way, without stumbling over half a dozen persons between your seat and the aisle.’ An ‘ Inspcetre.’—(Scene : A Suffolk village school. Government inspector examining a class on the subject of the Witch of Endor and Samuel’s ghost). Government Inspector—‘Well, boys, what did the witch of Endor think she saw? (Pause). First Boy—‘ Plaze, sur, that wuran appurition.’ Govern ment Inspector—‘ Quite right; but what is an apparition ?’ (Longer pause). Second Boy— ‘ Plaze, sur, that be a spuctur?’ Government In spector —‘Yes, yes, quite right again, so far, but what’s a spectre?’ (Pro longed pause). Bright Boy (in a wild falsetto) —‘Plaze, sur, that be a gentle man as goo about examinin’ scule3.’— Fun. The Worst of being too Funny.— Cheekstone (who is of a decidedly humorous turn) —‘ I say, old man, that was a stuck-up set of pigs at old Brown’s last night. By Jove, though, I did manage to score oil them a bit, eh V Host (his fervent admirer) —‘ I believe you, my hoy. They all said what a beastly little cad you were when you’d gone. And if you’d have stopped five minutes later you’d have had a regular triumph—for Old Brown was going to kick you down stairs.’ Socrates, seeing a scolding wife who had hanged herself upon an olive tree, exclaimed, ‘Oh ! that all trees would bear such fruit!’ First coachman (with importance) —‘ And your people drives a pair, too?’ Second ditto (stiffly)—‘No; one hoss only. But wo keeps a governess.’ ■ Johnnie, at his reading lesson, comes to the word ‘corrode.’ ‘Corrode, to eat away. I say, mamma, didn’t I corrode at that jam pudding to- day?’ In a country newsroom the follow ing notice was written over the chim ney :—‘ Gentlemen learning to spell are requested to use yesterday’s paper' 