Stanley Stbbet.— Tho Corporation om- ployqs aro busy making a job of Stanley- strodt after its cutting up, or cutting down by the Railway Dopartinont, for tho pttrposo of rail lovolliug, Tho rqcoutly acquired steam' roller is grinding away, and a hydrant is in full play watering tho motal — and a passor by . occasionally —for tho pur pose ot aiding subsequent consolidation by the rollOr. Columuia Rink. — As tlio You Yungs is not oxpootoct "to arrivo until tliia afternoon, tlio sicatos being on board thiB vossol, tho promotors of tho Columbia Rials, Messrs. MaoMahon aud James, have buon compelled; much to thoir regret, to postpone tho open ing until to-morrow (Saturday) ovoning. Thoy trust that those who wore unable to accppt invitation for to-night on account of prior engagements, as well as those who accepted, will bo prosont on Saturday, whon tho rink which is now complete will ho formally opened without fail. Fowl Play.— In tho vory witching hour of night wliou slumhorors gapo, and family roosts stand shroudod in holploss gloom, tho fowl thiof lias begun again to glido liko a ghost to his prey. A dweller in Fitzroy- stroot, who was roliovod of half his chickens somo throo wocks back, oil Wednesday night had his sorrows completed, none but the venorablo roostor boing loft to tell tho talo. Furtive looking parties found disposing of fowls might be givon in chargo on suspicion. Such a course might not wholly stop tho thieving, but it would compel tho thieves themselves' to oat thoir booty, in which caso somo of tho old hous know how to avongo .thomsolvos. '' Temvekanck Entertainment. — Th'o moot ing hold in tho Protostaut Hall last night .under tho auBpicos of the Alexandra Lodge, I.O.G.T.; was largely attended. ' Mr; ' \V. Hopkins occupied tho chair, and mado n fo'w roinarks on' ; tdmporanco. Tlio Rov. W- Powoll, who occupied a Beat on tho platforim also spoko at somo longtli, and amongst thoso who contributed to tho ovoning'H ontortain- mont wcro Messrs. Jenkin and Doigan witii songs;' Mr. SimS' and Mrs. Giles, recitations, wliilo two ducts wcro vory nicolysuug by tho Missos Morgan and Solby. Tiie Law Courts. — Tlioro woro no Polioo Court oases to bo heard yostorday morning, nnd tlio' b'usinoss of : tho Small Debts Court boforo Mr. G, L. Lukiu was also rather scanty/only consisting of two undof ended coses ;— Sam, , Woh v. Best.— Tho- usual formitln of blowintr out'a liirhtcd matoh: was gono through after which tlio. plaintiff testi fied tho Court that tho defendant owod .him -E3 3s. Id. for goods, and' a Jrordict was accordingly givon for that amount, togother witli 6s. coats, G. Clonnott & Co. v. C. Androws, goods . -£-t 0s. 4d.; a vordict for the plaintiff for amount olaimod, togother with 5s. .cpsts ,>vns also rooordod, in this ciiso. Encouraoement. — Tho Qmomlatul Miniiig Journal of Monday Inst says : " A gentleman of no moan standing iu mining circles oanio to us tho other, day to pay a quarter's sub scription to tho Mining Journal, and on being told that w'o did not tako loss than an annual subscription of ono guinoa, wiiich outitlad him to all tho pl/ius issued during tho year, ho strongly objected, telling us ho would borrow tlio journal, which would, do him just as well;- It is a grant pity that tlioro is not a punalty attached to loading a newspaper. In our caso each plan issued is worth moro than doublo tho annual subscription, and wo havo made up our minds to Bond thorn to nono until wo reeoivo tho guiuoa in advance, and trust tho public thoroughly undor'stniul us. . : . , Bkit(8h and Foreion Bible. Society.— A special cominittoo mooting .of; tho Rook hampton branch of tho, nbovo Society was hold at the School of Arts yostorday forenoon for tho purposo of. welcoming tho Rov. Mr. Robjohns, who is now oil his annual visit to tho Control Distriut. Tho Rov. Win. Powall occupied the chair, and- tho procoodings woro oponod by prayer. Tho minptos of tlio provious' mooting -wero read and 'confirmod, andt it 'was arranged that during Mr. Robjolin's stay ho should visit Gracomoro, YVostwood, Springsuro, Emerald, Clormont, and Mount hlorgan. On Sunday, Soptomber 2ud, Mr. Robjohns will proaoh in ' tho Fresbytorian and "VVosloyan Churchos,'and on Monday; tho 3rd, tho numinl mooting of tho Society will bo hold. It wn3 agreed to roqupst Mr. Kavanagh to undortako tlio musical portion of tho proceedings. Tho folowing ; gcntloincn woro nomi-. natbd to flll tho various 'offices :— President; Dr. Hay; secretary, Mr. F. Hopkins; treasurer, Mr. W. Hopkins ; committoo, Messrs., Davis, Mills, Kirby, W. Allen, II. 'Williams,' Hcn- nossoy, and-Moiklo.. Tho secretary, Rov. T. B. Holinos, road a draft report to be presented at tho annual mooting;, and whioh iwas ap proved of by tho oommitteo. Tho society was shown to ho in funds to tho amount of -C98, but a motion was carriod to tho offoot that 2250 bo votod as a froo contribution to thoiparont I Society, and that 2210 worth of now books bo added, so that it will bo soon there is hut comparatively- a small balantio iu hand. A vote of thanks to tho chnirman, and tho, pronouncing of tho boncdiction, clodc(l tho proceedings. ' , . j i . . - . i' G. S. Curtis soils the Fitzroyj Primitive Motliodist Churoli properties to-day, at tho iDeuham-strooti rooms, at 11 o'clock. ! Tho nominations for tho' Fitzroy -140yds. Handicap will not closo till to-night 'at 8 o'clook at E. Dohony's, tobacconist ; accopt- ftneos on tho ground. ' 