Tailiags. * Chabtbrss TQWKKS can now bo##«t|i^rI»«g for its senior member a gentleman wlio cast "?ad writing Shut up'aliout democracy, progress, -«nd au^atvee. . - j The Golden Pig is the " boss" Here, Tom 'Milk. -. . | ' ; ' ' e has not as much learning would enable him to read tb<? 1 ftr'i's Prayer, But toe can pass gikiflf'as tlirougli him till all ib blu«. 7be "Orange cr wd lava Billy much, bat >liey love Tom moK. \- Pity Tom was cot here to fro in with Bob. If tin y got into die-Assembly and Tom pro duce i Lis alrer " Hows," tilt; walls woti'.-; crack. Hutledge muit f -tl oddly mated with Bib. Te Soss Robinson goinz ^owo 'o Bris1 sue at JSoVs eecc.tary ? ff-s po'hook* w-tl im moriiiise the Oliater-i Tuw rs ela.torafce. . A new batch of J,Pb. will be pridironed right off Ho-s Bobiuson, Joe Ifi'lican, Barney Ca-si'iy, DaVy Morgan, Billy Doonan, and sli ibe fc'g ra» of «he <.-range Lodsfe Bob HoIIingsworrb and Tom'iiv Martin aw to receive fclie Apostolic Benedicti-m for their successful efforts to help the Orange crowd, to keep that renegade O'Kane" out of Parliament. Of the 3207 who voted for Savers, about tiOO could not read even print. They had ticket?, mirked strike out all but the two lowest on the list, which wiri printed by the Hills' Herald. Thev looker at the tick ts, surreptiousty, and then joaapsred them with the voting paptr. »hi-y stuck to the tickets like grim death, for they were good for a slice .of the G-olden Pig. Tom Mills is a big chunk, and *01 go around to every ! rue Blue. - How Toin must iiugn in liie e'eevV at the kind of imps 5;e h is B"t to turn hi- Gridir/m : On >"atu'day niglit t.her; was a rush made for tbe Gridiron, which *»s placed onapi ;ti ously in front ot John M'DjnaM's comu-ittee I rxoin ; Tr.e Captain of the Mounted Corps made a gallant defence of bis property, but a Jeft hauder from Barney C*ssidy on 1 i* smeller : ut bim hors tie combat, and * the subsequent pri'Ct^dic-as interested him no more." >'arrac-tt did a roaring trade; it di-i net mat'er to him wti rfi tiie money came i'rjm, the G-olden Pig or thy King Billy. TUe noble voters lay around in the shade drank as a fiddle - Bat they we e not let in to the swill tab until ility bad nobly done their d uty to tin sacrei cause of ihe pious and immortal Billy. Koma was disfranchised som" years ago for its sympathy uri h horse-stealera Charters Tourers deserves the same fate now, for it is a nest of rampant Orangemen, wbich would disgrace the worst slums in Belfast. Thev are loyal to the throne forsooth J They would sell their loyalty jfor a '. long eleeviii." Let them stand out those 1,200 and toe the line against the intelligent men in Charters Towers, and it will be seen what an ignorant lot of boors and stupids they are. 2fofc one edueatei man among the crowd I£ there he point him out. , Bob Savers, M. L.A., hoop la, and likewise hooray! Electors of Charters Towers turn ronnl three times. Tou ha-'nt got 4 " Masc tte" in Bob. t hartsis Toaers is now virtually disfran chised. Rati dge will not hold a portfolio in the new Ministry. ' Melhvr.-utb is going in with a big majority. Even if Griffith went into power it would be no benefit to Charters Towers, Rutl rdge may have the ability f t serve tbis constituency if he felt inclined, but he is too much of a Southerner to try it. When in office lie dil not try to serye this electorate; oat of office he will not be able to do so even if he felt inclined. Boy Sayers-Well, the less said about Bob's abilities ? the better for him. . i'he Yellow Pap voted like' one dog on Saturday siwch a compart a<>d organised mob of bigots never hefore assembled lot election purpOEe3 in nay towns in Ausfratig-. ----- T? Xbey Fitted blindly and like dumb dogs at the bidding of their leaders. Mi les and Kirkbride were the "bell wethers'" on ibe occasion. They held the giidiron before their puppets in lodge and commanded them to* vote for Rutledge and fiayers, and the pass-word was K~S'S Education, intelligence, and ability were at a discount on Saturday. A ' shepherd" or a emart horse "dealei" was considered to be far superior. , Why don't the Cosmopolitans and Holy Boma.e get put on th-s electoral ro'l ? By doing «?» they ean burst up the Orange faction, which at .present, appears to rule heisp. "The men who have a stake in the country are debarred from having a voice in legislation "by a lot of birds of passage. Do the crow 1 who supported Rutledge and Sayers or Saturday cont ribute to any of our local charitable institutions ? Very few. Bob Sayers would not staal a ghost of a show of being electei on the Hospital Com mittee. He tried once and got lost in the race. Yet he can get into Parliament It Is not, surprising that Charters Towers is cal ed a B of a place by people living at a distanve. . \- Bab has -mide a very good exchange from the brace of the Just-in-Time Block to the floor of the Mous*. The salary will be about the same, without wort, and then there's lots .?{ pickings. Charters Towers can boast of having 316 honest electors. 