TALE. Within an Ace. A hot summer's day 'was drawing to its olose, and the sultry, stagnant air was stirred with the faintest possdolo broczs, as I sat on the Rhine Quay at Cologne, waiting for tbu arrival of the steamer for Rotterdam. Not that I was going to Rotterdam, but to Dord reoht, a quaint, old, Netherlandish town, where I expected to join my mother and bister. The hitter hud been sketching all the summer among the old. towns of Holhiud ; sue has an enthusiasm for the Butch school. an enthusiasm that i* hardly shared by h.r brother, who had deserted tho sketching party and taken a line of hid own, leading ?up the Rhine and through the recesses of the Black Forest. The Rhine boat was late, hours lute — h thing I hud no reason to grumblo at, for my train had also beon au hour or two lute, and had the boat been punctual 1 should have missed it. And there was no hardship in waiting. There was tho Rhine in front, broad and ma jestio, wii h its strong, impetuous current and swirliug eddies, whilo gay Dutch barges floated down or were anchored in the etream, mixed up with huge timber rafts; and great, noisy tugs laboured up against the stream, with long strings of barges in their train. There, too, was the bridge of boats, ita dark, undulating line running from flioie to shore, and beyond tho bridge long reaches of the river stretched out to tho low horizon in a doubtful kind of h»ze. Out of the hnzc every now and then came a steamer with glittering lights, hooiiug and whistling' on its way, and then the bridge of boats would part iu the ihiddle, and tho steamer come jpauviug uown. uut not tho right one. Darkness came on, lights glittered vverywhere on the stream, stars glimmered through the soft haze, but still no Rhine boat. Hitherto I had been the only passenger waiting on tho quay, but now two ladies appeared, attended by an old, grizzled ser vant who carried their baggage-only one light portmanteau. Assured that they were still in timo for the boat, tho travellers seated themselves on tlio wmo pi|0 of puukinn-. cases, tv hero I hud already found ,t c.,.. fortable nook, and dismissed their attend ant, who Silutcd them respectfully and departed. But the man, aa lie pasted me gave me a strange, searching glanoe, that seemed full 0f euvert hostility. I ,net hi„ glanos with a smile that wus perhaps u littl.r superoilious, for the man seemed tu ho lashed into a rage, and ho half turned toward me bat thinking better of his purpose, what' over it might have been, tlunk away muttering and probably cursing under his breath. Then I li,nir„,l ? ? . ... , , , ? ? *''™/ ac ttiu laaies, who had been attended by this erois grained fellow. They wero mother and daughter no doubt. Too elder woman had a handsome, clever face, which time and probably troublo had lemicied stern and worn. Tho daugutei- lesemblej tlio mother sho was strikingly handsome, but there was a worn and sorrowful look in her faee, und her beautiful dark-graj eyes seorntd charged 'With unshed tears. Before long I felt myself in turn the subject of tho elder lady's scrutiny, «ud, strange to 'V. my appearance excited tho same antipathy as with the serving man. A stem indignant glance was hurled iu my direction, and then the mother turned to her daughter with a few earnest words. Tho girl started violently and our eyes met. Never shall I forget that look ; tho lovo, reproach, despair a ahono in those beautiful eyes, tho magnetic iufluoneo of which seemed to penetrate my very soul. Still it was so ovidnnt that horo was a case of mistaken identity, for the ladies wero ab BOluto strangers to me, that I determined ti. clear up tlio rnatfor, ami ri-ing and saluting tho pair, I inada some oimnouplace remark in I'rench to tho effect that the boat was very lato. ? The sound of my voico, or perhaps the Euglish accent of my X?ronch, seemed to break tho spell of somo dclu-ion, The eldrc lady replied qtrokly with a smile and in excellent English ; 'Ah, you art English after all; wo thought we recog ,niyed a 'compatriot, formerly known to us. Tho likeness ia remarkable, is it not, OlgaP' turning to her daughter. ThogiiJ replied with a simple gesture of assent, a t if sho could not trust herself to speak. Her face had lost the glow of exeitemmt, and had relapsed intu its former pathetic calm. Tho ice was broken. I was worm engaged in ?an animated conversation with the rider ludy, ond the daughter was occasionally drawn to join the talk. They were evidently cultivated people, excellent linguists and acquainted with! general European literature. In their BOciety,timo fleweo rapidly that it was some thing of a surpriso when our boat actually drew up to tho quay, just as tho midnight hour was tolled out from the great Doinkirche, and echoed from all around. ft Tho steamer was crammed with fruit baskets, piled high above tho dock, leaving hardly atauding-room for passengers, of * whom, howover, thero wero vory fow. Carry ing the light poitraantcau of my companions, as well as my own, I led tho way to tho fore part of tho vessol^ whore a space h td boon kept clear of fruit baskets. Tho night was 0 ^ calm and gonial, and wo agreed that jtwpttld. be butter to oamp out on deck than to descend into the 'saloon, and, arratigiug rugs and shawl*, camp-stools and portmanteaus, we -i»t tied ourselves comfortably to continue our talk. Soon the boat WW ou tho move, and wo passed away fi'mu the twinkling lights of 'he oity, and from the ro ir and r-vttlo of tho trains on tho great, latticed railway bridge, into tho glocin and calm of tho silent river. For a timo wo looked back upon tho hitgo cathedral towors, touched hero and thero by silvery flakes of moonlight; but theso soon dis'*;- penrt'd in 'ho mist of night, and tho luw und indistinct shores woro lofet altogether in tho hazy gl«»rmi. Thus wo travelled on, cut adrift as it wore from tlio every-day world — as far as sight aud sounds wero eoncernod wo might havo b*?en mailing half-way between earth and sky. And thus we three, who had been thrown together' haphazard on this summer nigh4-, seemed loosened ultogothor from all eciiso of earthly responsibility, and fell into vague and dreamy talk, discussing and questioning all kiuds of theories touching heaven and earth, and the mysteries and problems of lifo and death. Hours passed quickly away ; tho light of dawn was already gilding tho turbid waters of tho river, when wo wero couscious of an unusual buhtlo on board. No doubt wo were approaching tho German frontier, where there is gonorally »-ome trilling Cus r.om llouj-e forin iliry to go through. But ? his night something moro than ordinary was in progress. A strong p.ir^y of German ??fliciuls had come on board, aud «*ith rattling arms and gleaming lanterns, were making a minute survey of all tho passongers. My travelling companions exchanged glances of alarm. Tho chief of tho oflieials was up* preaching up, accompanied by tho 41 con ductor' of the steamer. ' Ah, you have some Russian passengers on board,* said tho former in the couvinced manner of a German official Tho elder of my companions put her hand appoaliugly upon my arm. 4 We aro lost, my eon, unless you can save uV Too Prussian ofluar, till and stiff, was standing over us, while his companion held the hrnp. ' Thi* is an English party ! ' paid tho latter apologetically, as if h'j were introducing some 5-our, wandering 'poople to tho notice of a ixtt'g. ♦Ah!' said tho German, snitiing tho air suspiciously and majestically. 1 How do we knf w that P ' How, indeed ! I might plungo into perjury fath'ins deep, but could I evor convince this ?ceptioal, iron-framed man thut I and my conipug nom do voi/iti/c were of the same uaiiumility ? Ho would in-i»t on examination ?»f papers, baggage and all the rest ; and I should bo brought to sharno and p'obably taken oil to the guard-house to shato the fate of my female friends, whatever that might be. AnU yet one soft, appealing look from Olga mado ine think that all this was endurable in such company. And then suddenly it occurred to me, X have a passport. Yes ; my mother, who is an old- fashioued traveller, iusisted on our having a Foreign- oftiue passport iu our j'-int names when we started on our travels, uui thero it remained untouched in the note case, where I had first placed it. I sprang to my feet, ai.d politely saluted the oflioial. 1 Pardon me, I have a passport.' 4 Ha, ha ! gout, goot ! ho has a passport,' said the German, his features relaxing as ho exumintd tlio document carefully by the light of tho hmtoru. 1 Ah, yey, the Graf von Salisbury,' he remarked approvingly, as he sjunued the signature. 4 Very gjot man. So, so, Esquair, and Mistress Esquair, autt Miss Esquair — very goot.' 2: was so nuieh in accordance with the oiliisial*M senso of fnnoid, this lucky passport of mino, that the iron man at once relaxed. Yes, ho became polite, effusive, especially to -lw. w|..» Wa tV.« nr,1,.n1 vcitU w'rmrW. fill composure. But it was a great relief whon tho steamer slackened opecd, and the high oflioial and his »uburdiojites disappeared over tho vessel's -ide. Still none of us spoke till tho appear ance of rtindry homely, comfortable fell. w« in the uniform of tho Dutch Custom Hon*o ascured us thut we were fairly over tho frontier. Then the elder lady, before I could stop her, raised my baud .to her lips and kissed it. 1 You have saved us from death, or what is perhaps wor.-»e, the prolonged torture of a convict's life. The Germans, had thoy caught us, w«-ul'l have sent us back to tho prisons of the Czar.' Yes, thpy were revolutionists, these pleas ing, interesting women — refugees from Russia. Husband, son, lover, all hud joined the ranks of the secret brotherhood.. Tne head of tho family, Count Ipsilolt', was an exile. Tho son had died upon tho scaffold. Tho fato of the lover was still uncertain. He was Olgu's lover, this young man, whoso features so strongly resembled my own, a certain Count Loris Malukoff, noble, rich and generous, who had sacrificed everything for the cause. And yet somo of the brotherhood suspected him, and as a test ho was K-leoted for an enterprise of great peril, tho naturo of which wo need not inquire about. But, on tho ove of tho appointed day, L;ris disappeared; the cluo to tho whole conspiracy was in the hands of tho police ; wholesale arrests were made ; namorous executions followed, and among them that of Olga's br -ther, Stephen. But of L -ris nothing was known. Only a ?erriblo report had been circulated, on tho authority of a prison official who was a -ecrot sympathiser, to tho effect that Loris ha*} been tho traitor; that his heart had fa ltd him ut tho last, and that ho had given h n^elf up to tho police and revealed the whole conspiracy. It was also- said that ho would bo soon lib 'rated, and to savo him from the ven geanco of tho brotherhood, conveyed secretly, in disguise, probably in the oharactor of an Englishman, as far as Loudon, whore, lo*t in the immensity of the crowd, he might best hope to escapo the fato that would surely dog him us long as ho lived. Hence, whon tho Russian ladies saw tho very fac-simile of their former friend on tho quay, the sight seemed to confirm the worst suspicion that had been entertained about him. Olga lovod him, but she would rather that ho should bo dead than so dishonoured. Sho hud always refused to believo that he had been a traitor. 4 Now,' concluded Mine. Ipsiloif, 'I am hoping to join my husband in Holland. Ho is growing old, alas ! liko myself, and has been compelled to retire from tho active list of tho revolutionary band.' They proposed to take ship for America, thero to ond thoir days in poverty and exile — thoy who had beon onco rich, honored and happy. All this, whimpered rather than spoken, in low, c.nrnest touos, produced a profound fceKug of sorrow and depression. But ju-t then tho sun, which was not far abovo tht horizon, burst out f«*om among the clouds that had hitherto concealed it, and lit up all the surrounding scono. Olga roused herself from h',T attitudo of mournful depression, and, as if inspired by tho sunbeams, liko the vocal E/yptidn statue, burst into song. She had a charming rich contralto voice, and tho old Russian hymn that sho sang, ad- | dres«od to tho risingj sun, was full of pathos and charm. Soon after tho town of Nimegcn carao in sight, quaintly perohod upon a solitary bluff I I by tho river bank. A number of people wero awaiting tho steamor on tho quay, and, among tliem, ono who raised his hands and mado a peculiar signal in tho air. 'Ah, wo are awaited here ; good friend, wo must part, never to meet again.' A hurried leave taking followed, warm pressuro of tho hand, fervid good wishos. Thoy were gouo, and left behind them a blank senso' of loss and pain — thoso peoplo, whom I had known only for a hliort summer's night. After my companions had leff, X remembered littlo about tho voyage down tlio Rhiue, till toward tho afternoon, when tho conductor warned ine, a deep on ono of the sofa3 in tho siloon, that Dor dreoht was cluso at hand. Hero I met with a disappointment. Tho porter of tho hotel was awaiting mo with a letter from my mother. Bad news had come fromEagland, my sister Bell's jinnee had broken or other wise damaged his leg, and my mother had started with her for homo early that morning by way of Brussels, l\iris, and Dover. 'Well, thero was no need for mo to follow them in haste. I would' go on to Rotterdam by the steamer and'tako tho boat for Harwick on tho following day. It was not till wo loft the old town far behind, and had entered the maze of waters about R Jtterdam — crowded with steamers and gay barges — that I remem j bered that I was voxatiuuily short of money. I had relied on getting a supply from my mother ; aud now I found, after searching all ray p-jekets, only just enough, with av very trifling margin, to pay my fare homo. In a general way thero would bo no par ticular hardship in spending a night out ox doors and avoiding the hotel bill in that way. But I was overwhelmed with tleep, having been travelling incessantly for several days, und I longed for nothingso much as to stretch my limbs on a comfonable bed. 'Well, thero were, no doubt, many decent places iu Rot terdam where one could got a bed for a couple of shillings. I took tho 'conductor' of the steamer iuto confidence and he at onco gave mo tho card of a kind of boarding-house, where the charges would be quite within my margin. Presently wo were alongside the Boompjee, | that pleusante&t; of quays, with its avenues of trees, its solid, old-fashioued buildings, and lively, bustling surroundings. The steamor was at once invaded by a crowd of porters, touts and other nondesoripts, and ono of the latter seized my portmanteau and mado mo his chosen prey. I gave tho man tho card of my hotel, and gruutiug out 4 Ja, Ja ! ' ho led tho way te the shore, waving his hand iu tho uir as a signal to somebody on tho quay, no duubt, that ho had secured a prize. Half a dozen hands were held up in different directions among the crowd, and as wo passed along the quay my attendant was joined by two other men who helped him to carry tho portumuteuu. Wc passed along several ; nurrow, tortuous streets, wo crossed a canal or two of durk and uuinvitiug appearance, und at lust turned into a gloomy, handsomely carved gatowuy, and stopped beforo a heavy, massive door, let iuto a kiud of lurched recess adorned with carvings of floral and heraldic emolems. Tho door was opened by an old woman, with an elaborately-wrinkled face, who was busy with brooms and mops and pails. My conductor led the way upstairs — up a nairoa*, curving stuireaso all dono in red distemper, and reminding ono of tho corn panion-ladder of a ship — up wo went higher and higher, tho stairs becoming steeper, narrower, aud moro gluumy at every stage. We camo to a pause at last, and, pushing open a door, my porter led tho way into a largo, bare ruum— bare of furniture that is, for tho ceiling was richly decorated, and tho panelled walls wero adorned with fruit aud flowers finely curved, but much hacked and defaced. There wore tables all along tho room, covered with oil- cloth, where one or two groups, seemingly of emigrants, wero bitting with bags of provender beside them, drinking beer out of huge mugs, and discuss ing bread and onions, chccte aud garlic, with much apparent reli?h. In ono corner of the room sat a family group of euro worn, homely people, who seemed to bo in chargo of the establishment. A woman was mending stockings ; another was at work with a sewing machine ; chil dren were busy over their leaaon-books ; aud a pale and studious-looking youth, witu spec tacles, was making entries in a big book. To this last my couduotor addiessed himself, evidently upon the subject of my sojourn there. I should have liked to join in tho conversation but tho pale youth- spoko only Dutch. Thus I was very much at tho mercy of my nondcfoript porter from tho quay, who teemed to be -taking curie bUmchc as to arrangements for my reception. Tho young man iu spectacles looked puzzled, uudccided ; but at last ho hauded a key to tho porter, who, forthwith, in a triumphant manner, shouldered my portmautcau aud led tho way up moro flights of stairs, over growing darker and stecpor. Then wc came to a really handsomo chamber, panelled and carved liko tho other, but much moro elaborately furnished; vel vet couches, gilded chairs, mirrors, sconces, olooks, all kiuds of bric-a-brao cumbered tho room, leaving justspaco onough for a table aud a fow practicable chairs, and two mas sive box bedsteads, cach occupied by two enormous feather beds. These la-fc two pieces of furniture attracted my attention most. Thero was not tho vestigo of any kind of accessories in tho way of sheots, pil lows, or bolstors ; but tho feather beds woro deliriously soft and iuviting. Dismissing my mauaging porter with a gratuity, whioh, for a wonder, ho received without grimbling, I locked the door with tho hugo key, and, kickiug off my shoos, jumped iuto tho middlo of tho feather bed. Next moment I was fast asleep. I awoko with a start and a strango night marish feeling about mo. Ic was midnight, and all the clocks in tho. room woro ohiming 'he hour, ono after another, in every variety ?-f tone. But late ns it was, tho narrow street below was full of lifo and noise. Never had I heard suoh ;x babol of sounds rising up in the middlo of tho night, suoh ?ihoutiug and laughter ; street musio, song* ?rom sailors' taverns, a roar of voicos every vhoro— everywhere, that is, but in this par 'ioular house, whioh soetned as silent as the gravo. My room must havo been seven 'floors above tho street ; but tho houses opposite -vero equally tall, and ovory floor of thom was lighted up and wido awako, nnd doing its best to swell tho general uproar. Just in faco of my window a supper party was going on, all in full dress, with choico dishes and flasks of wino and liquors of overy imaginable sbapo. Tho sight mado me hungry; I was weak indeed, and exhausted from huuger, for I had tasted nothing sinco breakfastj and yet I had probably plept away all chanco of getting anything to eat. It was a strango chamber, this of mine ; thero was no bell-pull or other means of communication with tho world below — plonty of gilt chandeliers, but no candles, nor gas, nor parafline lamp, nor even matches. There was just light enough from the street to show mo tho way about tho room, and I made for the door, intending to roiuo some body to givo ine supper, or, anyhow, lights. Tho room opened upon a narrow landing, and another door should havo given entrauce to tho stairs, but that door was locked. Then I began to think I was in a trap. Yet surely thoy wero honest people, those down below. Tne mild young man in -peetacles, tho industrious house-mother, had not the stamp of thief or murderer on their brows. The looking-up was acoidontal, per haps, or wo will say tho custom of the countr . X shook tho door, but it was firm and solid, I listened intently at tho crevices. Not a sound was heard. And — yet — yes—as I listened I heard from far below tho measured tramp of footsteps on tho stairs. It was a ghostly, eerie souud, muffled and soft as tho i footsteps mounted stage by stage. The I sound scarcely increased; footsteps mu filed I and soft, and yet with a regular rhythmic beat, as if many were treading a kind of military march. Perhaps thoy where ghosts after all— tho burgher guard out of somo old picture march ing to supper in their former j quarters, cr Rembrandt's night watch stepping boldly out of tho canvas. Tho footsteps stopped on tho landing just beneath mo, and no doubt passed into the room immediately bolow. After ail, it was perliup* only a friendly party who had come to sup together. Anyhow thoy could have nothing to do with me. I returned to my room, looked the door, nnd took a seat by the window, feeling a sense of companionship and security in the noisy' street, and the lights from people's windows. I think I must havo dozed in my chair, for wheu I roused myself the street had becomo perfeotly quiet, lights had goue out, and tho whole .city seemed to sleep. Three o'clock rang out, most dismal and | depressing of all the short hours. I could i hear no movement in tho floor below ; but , then tho timbers and beams were thick und stroug, aud little sound oould ponef '' ? Then I certainly heard a sound, dull, jci distant, as if a number of people, sitting in company, had risen simultaneously, slightly pushing back their chairs. Tho noiso some how appalled me. It was as if a jury had risen and were about to deliver their verdict. But what had that to do with me ? But thero was a decided stir and movement below, and creeping to the door to listen, surely I beard footsteps ascending tho stairs to my landing. Not so many footsteps thi* time, but still enough. Tho doer of the staircase was unlocked and opened cautiously aud footsteps advanced softly to the door of my chamber. From my post of observation I could hoar tho slow, regular breathing of five er six men, after which there sounded a kuock upon the dour, gentle, yet distinct. 4 What is your business ? ' I demanded, iu a voico I tried to render firm. 1 Ouirt'z /' was bellowed forth for solo answer. Tho knock was repeated ; a regular ' som mution,' in fact, and tho delay gave me the opportunity of hastily piling some furniture a barricade ; but after the third summons someone threw himself heavily against the door. Tho screws of the lock gave way and tho door flew open, scattering my barricade in all directions. I mado for the window with tho wild notion of raising an alarm* when I was seized, flung down and knelt upon by half-a-dozen men. But after tho first attack no further violence was used than was necessary to secure mo. A lamp was brought into the room, and while held in the chair by two or three pairs of powerful hands, a number of men came for ward, one by one, and examined my features attentively. Thoy were dark- boarded men with strango, earnest, wistful oyes— not cruel-looking men but rather tender and humane, you would havo said— but thoy all shook their heads and shrugged their shoulders as thoy passed by as if to say that there was a hopeless cato! Tho last of (ill to pass mo iu icview was ono whose face I recalled at onco as that of tho' old serving-man at Cologne. Then I understood what all this meant. These conspirators mistook mo for Count Loris, tho traitor and spy, whom I was said to rosemblo so much. This man from Cologno had no doubt come on by ruil in much less time than tho steamer had taken, j and had prepared his friends for my arrival. Aud then this trap had been laid. But not for mo, I recognised joyfully, and cried out with full assuranqo : 4 Ah, you aro all mistaken, gentlemen ; I ain not tho man you seek. I am an English man. Seo my passport.' To my horror tho only roply was a general pitying sir ile. 4 Wo knew that you would say that,' re plied ono. * Ah, that you should havo sunk so low !' Protests, throats, outroaties, all woro of no avail. Thoy did not leavo mo long in doubt as to their purpose. Choosing u ponderous beam with a strong hook affixed to it, convenient for their purposo, a nooso was soon dangliug therefrom. 4 Courage, my frioud,' said ono of tho men who held mo, feeling that my frame trembled. 4 Courage, it is but a short jouruoy, and will Boon bo over.' Short as tho journny may bo, it is still a dreadful ono. I tremblo oven now as I think of that momont, and yet, terrible as it was, I only sought to prolong it. ?'\ - £' 1 Givo mo half an hour to preparo for death,' I begged, 4if you insist on murder iug me.' It was acknowledged that tho request was reasonable, nnd those about mo seated them selves apart, whilo ono or two of tho hum bler members of the party knelt down and repnatod a prayer or two in Russian. Tho timo of delay passed a»vay, and again there was a genoral movoment 'in tho room as all present roso to their feet. Just at this momont a rosy streak of dawn flashed througn tho windows, lighting up the whole g/im, foarful sceno; a beam of sun light stretched athwart tho room and again, as if inspired by tho morning light, a clear, sweet voice from far below trilled out a stanza of tho strango, wild Russian hymn. 4 It is Olga,' I cried, 4 bring her to mo.' Said a grave voico ; 'Yes, that is just, they loved cach other; let them bid an ocernul adieu.' Then I know that I was saved, although I heard no moro ; for, overcomo by all the terrible experiences of tho night, all ray per ceptions seomod to de?ert'mo. Wheu I came to myself I found that two women were bonding over me ohafing my hands, bathing my temples and moistening my lips with some aromatic cordial. 'Ho will do now,' said tho voico of the elder Russian lady. 'Come Olga, they are waiting.' ' Adieu,' whispered Olga, bonding over mo: 4 forgivo us and forgot us.' And then she softly pressed my foreheud with hor lips. 4 Adieu forever,' and sho passed away. That eveuiug I found myself in my mother's drawing-room in Kensington, giv ing her, and my sister, and hor lovor, a full account of my continental adventures ; but keeping carofully to myself my connection with tho rovolutiouary party. Tho other day by the way, I camo across the old serving man accidentally in tho Strand. Ho stared as ho recognised me. ? You need be under no apprehensions now, monsieur,' hojsaid : ' pll has bo n cleared up about the poor Count Loris. He died in prison and would not speak a word. And now w© revere him as one of the noblest of our martyrs; and Mtdemoisello Olga is happy, quito liappy.' But tho old rogue would not reveal the secret of her whereabouts, and was quite im pervious to bribes. — All tho Year Round. 