GARRISON CHURCH PARADE. The annual garrison church parade, prior to the celebration of the 69th birthday of Her Majesty Queen Victoria, was held yesterday under Colonel Warner, officer commanding the Northern division. The parade was favored with a fine day, and as usual passed off in a highly satisfactory manner, the muster, appearance, and marching being very creditable. The various corps ana respective omces, numbering in all about 270, assembled in the drill ground, St. John-street, at about a quarter-past 10 a.m., and after being formed into marching order, left for St. John's Church and Church of Apostles, headed by tbe band of the Rifle Regiment under Bandmaster Harrison. On arrival at the corner of St. John and Elizabeth streets the Protestant members of the force branched off into St. John's Church, whilst the Catholics turned into Elizabeth-street, and, under Lieutenant Fulton, attended service at the Church of the Apostles. The officers present were as follows: — Colonel Warner, Majors Uarrap (retired list), Colling Martin; Captains Harrap, Gould, Fairthorne, Sadler, Sergt.-Majors Welsh, Martini ; Lieutenants Bennison, Croft, Young, Gould, Fulton, Craig, Reid, Chambers^Dr. Gutteridge ; Quarter- Masters Kirkland and Sams. At St. John's Church the chaplain of the forces, the Rev. J. B. Woollnough, officiated, and special hymns were sung, although the customary prac tice of singing the National Anthem was not adhered to. The rev. gentleman took for his text pare of the 7th verse of the 14tb chapter of St. Luke — ' For none of us liveth to himself.' He prefaced his sermon by announcing that the offertory at the end of the service would be devoted towards de fraying tlie cost of a tent for the use of the defence force in attending divine service when in camp; also that he was very glad to have been allowed to preich to the Northern members of the defence force, because it was a privilege he seldom got. The test was then dealt with in a descriptive and plain manner. He said he thought the words of St. Paul could be made clear in a few words. There was a great stumbling-block in the camps in which St. Paul was connected, as the Jewish people were divided into two camps. Tne first camp consisted of Jews, who had been born in Judea, and the second camp was termed Heathen Jews. Of the latter camp, St. Paul the Apostle of Jesus Christ was the leader, and tlie people in His camp were to fall in with the views ' of the first on certain conditions. One of them was a restriction that the Heathen Jews should refrain from eating meat that had been offered to idols. That restriction was received and kept for a time, but it was soon broken through, aud the Jews iu the first camp went to Paul aud laid the matter before him. His advice to them was to abstain from eating idol meat if they liked, but they were not to endeavor to stop others from doing so. The home- born Jews, who were in the first camp, would have rather died than have eaten meat that had been offered to idols, but the other Jews in the camp would rather eat than suffer the penalty. Mr Woollnough then dealt forcibly on the necessity of abandoning all thoughts of benefit to self when joining a body like the defence force, and went on to say that each man should be willing to make all manner of conces sions, and try and accustom himself to prevailing self sacrifice ; to a belief in God, and to try and cultivate a passion for striving to benefit their fellow man. Where disbelief in God existed, corruption both in the State and ^individual would surely follow. However, in speaking to a body of men like he had before him, he could say that their exist ence was a protest against such disbelief. He would advise them to carry through out the whole corps a spirit of self sacrifice, and show to their comrades that, they could give up a little selfishness. This j would have a beneficial effect on themselves and their comrades. The offertory was then taken up and £11 5s Id realised. At the Church of the Apostles at the morning service there was a very crowded congregation, the volunteers occupying^ the pews on the eastern side. Haydn's No. 3 ?' Imperial ' Mass, with the assistance of a full orchestra, under the skilful conductor ship of Mr T. 1L Bos worth, was exceedingly well rendered. Miss Ellis presiding at the organ in her usual efficient manner, Weber's Benediction being substituted for Haydn's. The soloists were Mrs J. H. Mitchell, Miss Sullivan, aud Messrs. Greeu, O'Brien, aud Keon, Mrs Mitchell and -Mr Keon also singing Rossi's ' Tantum Ergo ' during the oflVrtory. Father Murphy commenced solemn mass, attended by a number of Acolytes, who completely filled the cliancel. After - lie singing of the first gospel, the Very Rev. the Dean ascended the pulpit, and. after some preliminary remarks preached from the test—' The Spirit of the Lord hath tilled the whole earth, and the whole universe hath heard liis voice.'' (Wisdom, 1st chap., 7th verse.) After re ferring to t he miracle of 50 days ago, which was n confirmation of the divinity of Jesus Christ, and drawing attention to the solemn manner iu which the Catholic Church cele brates that great church festival, he referred briefly to the various appearances of our j Lord till the Ascension Pay. The preacher [ then graphically described His depart ura from the Apostles after assuring them that He would not leave them orphans, but that lie would send to them the Paraclete, the Spirit of Truth, to teach them all trittli and abide with them forever. The Deah pictured from imagination the gathering at Olivet, as he could do from a recent visit to the place. He described how Christ; ascended from cloud to cloud, aud how the choirs of heaven came forth to greet him as He went to meet His father; People's, nations, tongues, and tribes celebrated the, festivals of all the blessed eaillts tiowin' heaven, and jilstlyso; there wEre spdfcless virgins, martyrs; confessors., apostl&s;, patroils, ami liatipiial . saints-, Few. nations were prdiider df tlieif hosts of Christian athletes than was holy Ireland; and if they were all as proud of the spirit which en kindles iu all these the spirit of Divine love, how much more should they appre ciate the spirit that urged all these on. It was the Day of Pentecost. It was truly the day of redemption and sanetification. It Was tlie day i^hgn til -4 . rlitlnrids Of divine intercourse received, all -tlieir inter course and all their rigor. Tha Day of Pentecost; instituted and confirmed tlie priesthood with all power, which was to last till the end of time. ' Behold, I am with you all days, even to the consumma tion of the world.'' That day the priest hood received its divine mission to preach the gospel to every creature. That day, in , one word, was truly the birthday of the Catholic Church. Influenced by the spirit of the Day of Pentecost the first general council of the Church was held, presided over by St. Peter, the infallible teacher, to whom the promise was made that he should for ever teach the Truth, and that he would confirm his brethren. The first mission was commenced at Jerusalem. The Dean here showed from the; Acts of the Apostles how they apor tioned out the different jjarts of Asia Minor as the scene of their future labors.' The preacher then vividly described St. Peters entrance to Rome, and how he coped with all the majesty, power, and in fluence which the imperial city commanded all over the world at. that time. It .seemed a Tisk at most for the Prince of the Apostles not only to contemplate, but effect what Saint Peter caused iu the destruction of idolatry and the establishment of Christianity. St. Paul's labors and trials were also depicted. vTIie prejudices of pagan Rome were terrible at this time, hut notwithstanding the teaching of the Galilean had permeated into every class of society, princes and plebeians were alike influenced by it. Thousands upon thou sands embraced the doctrines of the great apostle, and to such an extent that they as readily and as numerously gave an account of the faith when called upon, and even shed their blood in martyrdom. The trials and tortures of several persecutions had no terrors for them. The influence of the Day; of Pentecost continued throughout each persecution and each successive age in the Church till the days of the Emperor' Coustantiue. It was no wonder that the i Apostle St. Paul should exclaim Deus noster it/nh coivsumens. (Our God is a consuming, fire). Here the Dean entered into a learned description as to why the Holy Ghost came in the form of fire, and he quoted the ? famous theologian St. Thomas, and said that the Holy Ghost had taken this sensible - form of the element of .fire to signify that it produces in our souls the same effects as material fire, which illuminated, purified, and consumed. The Spirit of the Day of Pentecost illumined their minds, purified their hearts, and consumed in their souls all the vicious inclinations and vices to which human nature was prone. In the worthy reception of the sacrament many gifts were imparted. How far they had realised such in after life was a matter for examination ot conscience. Every Christian had a mission upon earth. In the wise dispensa tions of divine providence God called each one to tbe performance of specie duties ; popes, princes, prelates, bishops, priests, and people had each their own respective responsibilities. The .Day of Pentecost aided all to the faithful discharge ot tuerr duties. Following tne example ot St. Gregory the Great, he would lift up his bands and eyes to heaven and would pray that tbe grace of the Holy Spirit might descend upon his people, so that each one might receive a. large share of it by the preservation of the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, the charity of God, and the com munication of the Holy Ghost in their midst. _ The Dean concluded with a most pathetic appeal to Divine Providence that liis own flock might be large ' sharers of this grace, and that all through life they might have that grace in their respective -callings. He prayed that the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, the charity of God, and the communication of the Holy Ghost might remain for ever with them. At the conclusion of the discourse the 'Credo' was intoned, and the music peculiar to the solemn functions continued to the end of mass. After service the corps re-formed and marched back to the barracks, where they were dismissed about 1 30 p.m. 