POLITICAL. AN ELECTIONEEKING ' RESURRECTION IST ?' A GRAVE CHARGE BY MR. COPBLAND. In tlie Assembly on Wednesday night Mr. Cope land challenged Mr. Mitchell's seat for Newtown, and moved that the matter be referred to the Elections, and Qualifications Committee. The motion was defe'ated by 35 to 17 votes. Mr. Copeland said it had just transpired that a Mr. Sparkes, a tout for Mr. ? Mitchell, had paid under legal threat .£30 to Mr. Chalmers, described as 'a resurrectionist,' for profes sional services in raising up dead voters. On Tuesday last he (Mr. Copeland) became pos sessed of a copy of a summons served on Greorge Sparkes, of Caraperdown, by this James Chalmers, and issued on May 22, in whioh he sued SparkeB, who was the Mayor of Camperdown, for a sum ot' money. The summons stated that plaintiff sued the defendant for money payable by defendant to plaintiff, for that it was agreed that plaintiff should use his best endeavours to secure the re turn to Parliament of Mr. Mitchell for the New town electorate, and that for these services de fendant agreed to pay him the sum of .£30, of ^vhieh .£20 had been paid. From what they knew ot Chalmers's character they understood perfectly what the nature of these services was. He was not possessed of a vote and could not, therefore, he paid for his own vote. It was well known that ihis person in metropolitan elections was in the habit of running in persons to vote for dead and ^absent people, and this was the kind of service for which he must have rendered his account for o£30. Mr. Sparkes was the Mayor of Camperdown and occupied the position of storeman in Montefiore, Joseph, and Co/s, and earned £2 5s or £2 10s a week. Ho had recently been made a magistrate, and although placed in a position of an administrator of the law, he took upon himself to pay Chalmers ,£30 — for what, the public must judge. No man in his senses would assume that it was for any other purpose than personating that this money was paid. No man receiving 46s or 50s a week would contribute .£30 out of his own pocket to get some person without a vote to give his assistance in returning a man. 'Would he give it to a man with a dozen votes P Therefore it seemed clear that this person re ceived .£30 for carrying on his well-known prac tice. ? Mr. Garrett argued that the House had no evi dence that the money was paid for political body snatching. It might have been given for cab hire,he submitted, withan assumption of innocence' that was quite touching. Of course it might ; though why a person from West Sydney described as a ' resurrectionist' should spend thirty pounds driving: about in cabs for Mr. Mitchell's benefit is not very easy to conjecture. Mr. G-arrett said he ?did not even know that the gentleman named was a ' resurrectionist,' and was amazed to learn that Mr. Copeland had taken such paiua to know where to ' put his hand on an electioneering artist of that kind. Besides had the ghost not walked for the other candidate ? This waa simply bluff. It does nothing to disprove the charge made by Mr. Copeland, that agents of Mr. Mitchell had used improper means to secure his return. 