Our .London Letter. (From our own Correspondent.) London. October 17. The sale of 'Madame Midas,' though not equal to that of the 'Hansom Cab,' has had, by virtue of the success ef the lat ter, a good ran, having reached within the eight weeks which have elapsed since its appearance a total of 121,000 copies. Nego ciations are going on for the sale of the dramatic rights of this piece, and it is pro bable that it will be first produced at the Adelphi Theatre. This, however, will de pend CDieny upon the acceptance by Mr. Willard of the role of Gaston Vandeloup, the escaped French convict, who is the villain — or at least the principal villain ? and indeed the most prominent character in the story. V Mr. Trischler, during the short time that he has been {in London, fcas displayed an amount of pushing enterprise that does credit to his colonial training, He proauses shortly a book by Mr. Tracy Tornerplli, of the ' Beaconsfiftld Working Men's Tribute' fame — 'A Russian Princess' and 'A Russian Ghost Story.' .The author's father had, it appears, certain privileges regard ing the procurement of information in the Russian Empire, and was enabled to enter state offices and inspect old documents, so that we are led to anticipate a ningnipr and sensational account of Imperial crime and frailty. The work is to appear early next month. * * rhe first announcement of what might have proved a fatal accident to the Princess of Wales aad her daughters daring their stay at Gmunden was made by the Sunday Times, which is, as you are aware, the pro perty of an Australian lady, Minn CornwelL As only a few of the papers who have mentioned it, and their accounts are all inconsistent or incomplete, I give you briefly the statement of the journal above named, which has special fty»?l«tJoB for get ting at the truth of such an incident. It appears the Princess was driving in tbe neighbourhood^when the carriage approach ed a level railway crossing, protected, as is usual in Austria, by drawbars, which are lowered or raised to close or open the pas sage. These are worked from distant sig nal boxes, and the falling is notified by electric bells. The bell rang as the car riage reached the line, but the Princess did not stop the pony. The first bar fell im mediately after the carriage had passed, knocking off the hat of the Princess Maud and placing a barrier between the carriage and the equerries. The bar on the farther side of coarse fell also, and the carriage could neither advance nor retreat. The next moment a train was seen approaching and the occupants were in the greatest periL Colonel Clarke, however, who was in attendance, had the presence of mind to dismount, duck under the bar, and, taking the pony's head, to pull the carriage off the line into the fence, just as the train, with brakes down and whistle blowing, passed the startled ladies. The Princess, who shewed great courage in the trying circum stances, was able to drive back to the Palace. The horrible murders which of late have been committed in the East End have natu rally caused an intense excitement through the whole of London, though nothing like a panic has taken place. Various plans have been suggested and various theories proposed having for their object the dis covery of the criminal. One feeling is, however, very general, namely, indigna tion at the obstinacy of the Home Secre tary in refusing to offer a reward. In passing, I may say that it is currently remoured he will retire before the endlof the year. He is certainly the most unpopular minister that has held office for many years, and his relations with his original patron. Lord Randolph Churchill, are reported to have materially changed. Very general dissatisfaction is felt that the police have apparently no plan of action in the emer gency. To appease this feeling, Sir Charles Warren has written a letter to the White chapel Board of Works, which recently passed strong resolutions on the inaction of the police. In one passage he says : ' The very fact that yon may be unaware of what the Detective Department is doing, is only a stronger proof that it is doing its work with secrecy and efficiency.' The idea of no results being a proof of efficiency is certainly the most startling paradox I have ever met with. In another part of this lamentable production he betrays his help lessness to protect the poor victims in terms which speak volumes : 'I have to request and call upon your Board, as popular representa tives, to do all in your power to dissuade the unfortunate women about Whitechapel from going into lonely places in tbe dark with any persons, whether acquaintances or strangers.' When, some years ago, it was suggested that the vice which parades our streets till they present such an aspect as would not be tolerated in any other European city should be localised, so that its followers should be alike amenable to and under the protertion of the law, tbe 'shrieking sisterhood' and a number of old women of the other sex opposed to the measure on the ground that the State could not recognise prostitution. Now it appears that officialdom is compelled to do so by acknowledging that these unfortun ate women are outside the reach of the protecting arm of Justice and must look to themselves. It is rumoured that Sir Charles Warren is shortly to retire from Scotland Yard, but whether the rumour has a good foundation or not I cannot say. 