AN OCEAN ADVENTURE. Br "BLUE JACKET." The second officer was pacing tho weather side of the poop, ever and anon casting' his eye aloft and arouud the horizon, taking an occasional squint into the binnacle, while I was standing at thu wheeJ. It was tho last voyage of my apprenticeship in tho goad old ship C. of F., and we wore homeward bound from Calcutta, apd so far' had had a prssper ohs ran ' Wo had rounded tho Cape of Good Hope and had rolled out of the ÍSonth East Trades, crossed tho line, and were MOW knocking about in latitude three 'degrees north, in the region of the Doldrums. The S>ldrúñis, as most people know,- extend out four degrees either side of the Equator, and consist of currents of air.sonie -, times .light, and other times strong, that s<blow, accompanied with squalls of rain, from o!14i2 .points of the compass in the 24 honrs. Os board of a sailing ship daring the time that a ship is in them, it is a most trying time on board to every ono. The captain growls because his passage is retarded by them, the mates and sailors swear because it -~ «attils-more patching and working, keeping' the sails trimmed to the different puffs of wind. On thia, night I had done aboutone hour and a half pf- my trick when the second mate came and stood alongside me. During the voyage it was his practice, whenever he had half an hour to spare, to put me through a series of questions . in sea ". jntuwhip. preparatory *o my going, up. for 'my examination. " on arrival in Tiori don. The night was dark, but beautifully clear, and the stars shone brightly .overhead, the watch fon deok "were all lying around about the quarter deck ready for a eaii when wanted, the only persons awake being the seoond mate, the man on the look out, and myself. A light breeze from the N»E..had Tcëp* so'steady *the wbolèoftbV fcatoh 'that made ns fancy that wo had picked np the I N.E. faades. After, about half an four's I talking be told me to tike the light : ont Of t^Jthe binnacle and look at the clock down the '^companion. I did so, and found it was ten minutes past tiro; £ Replacing* the lamp I struck four bells which was repeated by the look out, whose deep toned voice of " lights are bright, all is well," sounded olear and musical as it was,borne aft to our ears, and .. ; .died away f ia Vitt |îisfant darkness, jLs* ¿is "asnal ia "most ships, look oats and wheel watches are relieved every two hours, and as . I had finished my ^'trick; ',' al tó wheel I a ix ionsly awaited mV "relief..' Casting ur eye along the lee side of the Tpoop I was conscious of a figure approaching. I naturally con- cluded it was the man coming to relieve me, . and turning to the seoond mate remarked that I had gota smart relief, to which ho ans- wered " yes," and then said, " I wish the mate would give me the same sort of one." Wi^h \--a grin on my countenance, I looked towards where X thought my relief wonld be, and receive^ about the greatest ste "TiaoTin my life. Standing about four feet away from me, and glaring right into my face, I saw a person whom I will never for get. He was a man with eoal-black eyes, which glittered strangely in the dimness around, and his face was of a ghastly pallor. His beard was of a tremendous length, and his clothes consisted of a long dark coat reaching to his feet, while on his bead he wore a sort of peaked cap. For a moment I was speeohiess, but at last I sung out to the mate to look,and asked him who that man was. Ho gave one look and one yell, and with bis favourite oath of Holy Bridget, the last I saw of him was his heels sticking np as he threw himself down the companion. Tho figure then |fav|i' me one . look of most intense hatred, and slowly glid- ed along the deck and dwappáa.reS-through the bulwarks of the ship. vTbe mau who had come to relieve me came up at that moment, and asked me who the fellow was that had gone over the side, and on my informing him that I^hought it was a ghost, commenced to laugh, c^îuid went and had a look over the stern think- ing I was joking. With the seoond mate's precipitate exit the captain and passengers weresoonon deck, and enquiries were made as to the sudden excitement. The seoond mate was most emphatio in hie state mont that he had seen a stranger on board which I corroborat- ed, while the man who had relieved me at the wheel said that he distinctly saw three persons standing near the helm. Tho captain was of opinion that someone had fallen overboard, and a general muster of all ? hands took platee, which resulted in our find- ing no one missing. Of course we were all ^.jjpägked at, and. told we. werejlreainiujgr but, %£ still nfersis'téd that, we b/d se|n ahojtherf' * person not belonging to the snip, and, io give credence to onr story, pointed out away on our weather quarter, a large ship looming up in the darkness and which soon after faded from view. What followed next day .was most curious, as the captain's wife was hash- ing her infant to sleep in her state room, she suddenly turned around and was surprised to see this self same person "whom I have de- scribed standing at the door regarding her raoBt intently. She uttered one shriek whioh brought her husband to her side, who saw this mysterious visitor silently disappearing light through the stern of the ship in broad daylight. This adventure gave rise to a lot of talk during the remainder of the voyage, and there were many of the superstitious on board who, raven like, croaked ill would come of it. For once their prognostications came ? . ? true, for on entering the English Channel, one night we tan down an American ship and sunk her, but happily saved all her crew. I ." taveAejröed iiife ,^e joans© marnas ml^onver-been ahie to fathom, and it was not until some yewre after that [ came across the following legend. In the last century a Spanish ship was bound out to the Cape of Good Hope, among her passengers was a priest who was going out to try and convert the heathen. When in the regions of the "Doldrums" the captain was so much exasperated by the continual run of calms and battling winds, that in his rage he suddenly picked up the priest and throw him overboard. His cries for help were unheeded, thc captain telling him to call on bis " master the devil " to aid him, for he would not. With a super- natural effort the priest raised himself out of the water and cursed the crow and cap- tain, and doomed them to remain within these latitudes till the day of judgment, and then disappeared from view. Like most legends of the sea this phantom ship bas often been seen and to those that meet ber it bodes no good, J have met people who affirm they have seen her. She always appears afc night and the stars may he sean shining through her gossamer sails, and shadowy figures flit along her dicks. It is reported that often times she will send a boat off and ask assis- tance to be towed ont of these latitudes and the ship who proff.rs her sueconr is in- variably doomed. . . Most people who read this narative will' have an idea that all the events here hoted must have taken place after grog time, but I eau assure them that such- was not the ease. The employ to which our ship belonged wa3 noted for its temperance principles, and was regarded as the strictest and most religious! line sailing out of the port of London. ?' 