FRIENDS?" on A DOUBLE Till A L. IRoveHst. BY J. L. N. CI-IAFTER VI.— (Conci.uued). " Only one," she answered with her Bweet eyes downcast. ;; 4 " Only one !" he said, wilh a most unwar rantable stab of jealousy. " Happy man ! Ana you iove — bus of course, that is a most uncalled for question ; you would scarcely kiss him unless you loved him, I think, Doro thy ?" " I certainly should not. I am devoted to him," was the clear reply. " And is he worthy of your affection ? Is he as good and as grateful as lie ought to be for the pure young bear-t be has won V The speaker's face had bccemo very grave, and his tunes grew earnest. Dorothy's features were moved a little. " He is the noblest and best man' unon earth— save one." The last wordR were almost inaudible. ' He is devoted to you, Dcrotby, I should imagine ?" ' Can you imagine any one devoted to me. How funny — I can't, except this man. Yes, he is, of course." " Arid is not his devotion all you want ?" " For the present — yes." The low tones were'trembling a little. 'For the present? Child, I don't quito understand. If you are meaning to give your life into this man's keeping, as I gather from your words, his love must be able to till more than your present— it must stretch over and satisf y your futuro ; it must be all in all to you. Dorothy, you are very young." "Ab you know, that is a subject that I don't care to hear mentioned, she said, de murely. "Don't joke. And I am very old — old enough to be your father little one," he went on with a bitter smile. " Still less do I care for these invidious comparisons." " You have had no experience of life, while I have had — " " Too much. Is that what you were going to say ?' she laughed. " 1 might say it — in a sense. I have had enough at anyrato, to make my advice worth haviDg," he answered. "What advice are you going to give me, Mr. Berthon ? Not to give up this man I have just told you I am devoted 10 ? I shall not do that, I assure you." " I should not be fool enough to ask it of you. I only ask you to look well inio your own heart before you — " "How do you knew I have got a heart?" she smiled with such bewitching sweetness that he could not resent the interruption. " I don c think it has entirely efipt from your Keeping, Dorothy." "Ah, but I know that it has," she mur mured involuntarily. He looked at her ; the quick, warm flueh, the Pretty confusion, told him more than her words had done. 'Hi that case I can only hope you may be too happy even to miss it," he said, gently, turning away ,Iom the piano, and moving toward the door, Dorothy followed and laid her hand upon ! his arm. ! "Have you no curiosity to knew who this happy man as you term him is 7" she questioned, with some little pique in her tones. 1 ",lf J'" t confide in me so far," he said, stiffly. ' "He is the handsomest, kindest, truest, greatest, dearest, cleverest man upon earth, you know, except one." j. only wonder you make the one excep tion," be remarked. " Guess who it is. You know him," she said, ooaxingly. ."I knw him 1 I know so few of your fnends, Dorothy."' " Nevertheless, you know my best one ' ! '7on£ u" raean ?rcd'-" he questioned, his face flushing as he spoke. The color rose beautifully to the face of the girl. " Ted ! No, I should think not. indeed. You might know that from the rage I was in with him just now," "Then I am at a loss." "Oh, Mr. Berthon, pardon me if I say you are stupid. .' ' | "I agree with you ; but upon my word I 1 j have not seen you giving any marked en- j j ccuragement to any one, since I came upon I she eccnes here, Dorothy." ! - > ! " Ah my love for him dates farther back than that," she said, softly. "Mr. Berthon, the handsomest, kindest, truest, dearest — You are following my adjectives ?' "For the third time of hearing," he an swered, dryly. | ' Djarest man upon earth is my father. Oh, fancy you being so obtuse." All the pent-up merriment that had agi tated the girl's features at times rippled forth in a gay peal of laughter that was joined in by Berthon, who felt a sudden lightness of heart that might have made him a wiser man had he taken time and care to analyse it. "Dorothy, you are a little witch." "Thank you very much," she said, with a mock courtesy. "But now. having solved one mystery, I want to know who is the honorable excep tion you spoke cf just now,'' Berthon asked suddenly, with one hand on the girl's shoulder ami his grave eyes on hers. ' The I noblest man upon earth save one, you said, you know. Ycu could not have meant your mothei?" Dorothy colored crimson. ' I meant my beau ideal," she replied, looking at him defiantly. " What i3 he like, Dorothy " Everything that is noble and true ana grand and great," she answered, without a I moment's hesitation, though with a confusion I in which no laughter lurked now. "Docs he exist out of your own estima tion 7" " Yes — no — yes. I am tired of the con fessional. Let us amuse ourselves in some other way now, Mr. Berthon," the girl cried, in her quick, impulsive fashion. " I should Hue to fathom this mystery first ; it is deeper than the other." " It is so deep that you won't get at it. I have the strength of mind to keep a secret, as you will find." "Dorothy, the horses are ready," an nounced Ted, entering the room with a good deal of statelines-i of manner which suited his large style very well. What are they ready for ?" asked the girl, abruptly. "You asked me at luncheon to have a ride with you about five o'clock." " Well, now, I don't want to ride with you; in fact, I'm not going to," was the childish retort. " As you please. Shall I order the horses hack then," he Baid, carelessly. " Unless you prefer to keep them standing at the door." Dorothy, you ought to have a ride this lovely afternoon," said Michael. " Will you come with me? ' the girl asked, quickly. "We could have such a lovely ride, Mr. Berthon." " If I had a horse here." ''Take mine," said Ted, stretching himself upon the sofa. " Dorothy, you are going to have some tea, aren't you? Suppose you ring for it before ycu go up to put on your habit, there's a good child." Mrs. Shadwell entered with the pretty little tea- service, and her approbation of the riding arrangement was marked. " It is good of you to take her, Michael," she said, looking at him gratefully. " I like the child to have a ride every day ; but, of course, she can't go alone." " And I count for nobody, I suppose," grumbled Ted from his sofa. " You are too erratic to count for much," laughed Dorothy the elder, " one day taking ouifDorotby — the next day you would be en grossed with some other young lady. " Mrs. Shadwell was proving herself a per fect diplomatist. " Take care of her, Michael, and make her obey you implicitly," Mrs. Shadwell said, aB she came cut on the steps to see them mount. " Which is what I have not succeeded in doing," langbed Ted. Dorothy's eyes met his coldly and clearly ior an instant as he stood by her side arrang ing her stirrup. "1 should think not indeed, yet, nor ever," she said, with much scorn, and the young man laughed and kissed his hand as she rode on. They had, as the girl hud prophesied, a lovely ride, clown the sweet, flower-brightened lanes, over the hedges and acroes the green, cool meadows, then home by the narrow bridle path through the woods. Dorothy looked her best, as do most girls, upon horseback, the pretty rounded figure in its perfectly lilting habit swayed easily with each movement of the horse, the swilt motion through the air brightened her blue eyes and her very fair complexion, while the exercise and enjoyment raised her i-pirils and she chatted and laughed and listened. A very delightful companion, in truth, Dorothy was not only a prettier but a more clever girl than her mother had been ; she could enter into deeper and more varied subjects of conversation than Mrs. Shadwell had been wont to do, and that most fascina ting of all gifts, ready, intuitive sympathy, was liers to perfection. Well educated, well read, naturally eager to gather up knowledge and capable of remembering what would escape many women's memories, she was not only a pretty plaything, a fascinating girl, but an interesting companion to a man of Berthon's age und experience. When they reached home again after three hours wanderings, he (bought they had been gone but one ; and Mrs. Shadwell almost betrayed herself in her joy when tbey both entered the room just as the kept-back dinner was finished, and mutualiy exclaimed at the incredible lateness of the hour. She said to her husband that evening in strict pri vacy,— " Dorothy will be the happiest girl in the world soon now, dear, as happy as I was when — you remember that summer evening," turning to him with a lock of love that eigh teen years had failed to dim. CHAPTER VII. " Come here a minute ; I want to speak to you, Dorothy," said Ted, peremptorily, put ting his hand upon Dorothy's arm. " Gome here, round ihe garden." Is was the day after he had offended her, and the girl had been very cool and distant to him as tbey played tenni3 all the afternoon, until at lr.se, the game being ended, ha sud denly tcok matters into his own hands in this way. " What do you want to say — anything par ticular ?" aBked the girl, with a swift look around. His answer was not audible to anyone but himself, hut Dorothy yielded to the hand on her arm. and went slowly by his side. Some twenty minutes later, perhaps, and with no thought of spying, Michael Berthon, with a pipe between his lips, sauntered on in a contrary direction to the one they had taken and came suddenly upon th6 two stand ing close together beneath a tree in the shrub bery, talking so earnestly that they did not perceive his approach. Dorothy held something in her hand at which she gazed admiringly, and Michael's far-sighted eyes saw that it was a handsome gold locket sec with gleaming stones, with something caik inside like a picture. "Oh, Ted, it is lovely!" the girl cried, rapturously, as she clasped it and slipped it into her pocket. "And the likeness is splen did, too battering of you — that is the only thing," with her low, gay langh. "I don't think that," returned Ted with conviction. " You arevery conceited. However, thank you very much. Now 1 really think ycu do mean — " " I. mean every word 1 say on this sub ject, Dorothy," said Ted, with a sudden ear nestness his brother had never heard in his caielesa voice before. "My dear little girl, believe me, if ever a man loved a woman deeply, .truly — But then Michael's shadow fell across them 1 and both started and looked up. Dorothy ! I colored; Ted laughed easily. '> i»- ; 1 " Have you got any baccy there, old man ?" I ! he asked, drawing out his pipe and turning tc I his brother. But Dorothy, with one hand in her pocket in a pretty, childish way, gave a quick glance into Berthon's face — unaccountably it had grown grave and stern — turned and flitted away from them without a word. Left to themselves the brothers strolled smoking round the garden. Though he strove to think nothing of it the picture he had seen haunted Berthon — the handsome man with his earnest expression bending over the fair, listening girl. Ted was not given to earnest- ness about nothing. Yet if a meaning there were to the scene he had beheld, Berthon could take his oath that Harry Shadwell and his wife were ignorant of it ; and surely Dorothy waB too ingenuous, too Bweetly trans parent, to be suspected of hiding a love Becret from her parents. It could not mean that, Michael told himself over and over again as he noted Dorothy's off-hand, easy manner to his brother, and his careless disregard of her at times , yet, until its meaning were proved that picture beneath the trees haunted his peace of mind. The summer went on, and at last a monster picnic took place in the woods by the river, at some little distance from tho Beeches. The world and his wife were there, crowding up the sunlit stream in boats, chatting and flirting and making merry with much noise, if not thorough enjoyment. " What is the matter, Mr. Berthon 7 You look as if you had seen a ghost," Dorothy's laughing voice asked, us the boats were un lading their gay freight under the welcome shade of the trees. " Worse," he replied.- " Dorothy, tell me if that lady is married or no 7" Dorothy followed the direction of bis eyes toward a tall, dark, and decidedly dashing lady, whose dreEs was the youngest thing about her, and Bhe herself, perhaps, the most striking form visible in the crowd. " No, Bhe isn't ; she is a Miss Claridge, I think," she replied. " I knew it," groaned Berthon. " Dorothy, if you see her making a set at me, come to my side, there is a dear." He had just time to utter the words when Theo Claridge espied his tall form and ap- proaobed him. " Oh, you delightful, wicked Mr. Berthon, never to let us have an idea that you were not baking in India yet 1 Dorothy never told me; but then Dorothy has been a perfect fiend of a friend of late ; she has never an swered my last Bix letters. What do you think of that ?" "Ladies' friendships are alway evanescent, are they not 7" the tall, bronzed man who had faced tigers in their jungle without a muscle moving, but who felt all his courage deserting him now, responded weakly. " Mine are not, I remember every woman friend that I ever had, and every man friend, too. I have not forgotten those charming weeks we spent together at The BeecheB," lowering her voice'Ontimentally and raising her eyes in a manner that increased his ter ror. " Six or eight — how many years ago?" " Sixteen. We are getting old, Miss Cla- rioge," he responded, promptly. ' You barbarian, to hint at such a thing. A man is never older than he likes, you know. ana a woman is never older than she looks. How old do you think I look now !" she smilea, bringing the full array of her charms before him suddenly. " I never guessed a woman's age correctly in my life." " Ah, non-committal, I see," shaking a finger of _ her long glove at him archly. " Never mind, come and sit here by me — yes, there is plenty of room, really — and let us talk over those sweet old days. So you never got captivated in India all those years?" " Never ; I am quite impregnable," he an swered, modestly. "Ah, don't you boaBt anything so un- maeculine you are just on the point of sur render, I should say, from that secure de meanor. Very likely to-day may eeal your fate, 'said Miss Claridge with a loud laugh. 'I hope not!" he answered with an un feigned shudder. Mr. Berthon, will you come and help me spread this table cloth ?" aeked kindly Doro thy, coming up. 'Forward little chit," pronounced Miss Claridge, but half sot/a voce. I will come too, I may as well be usetul as ornamental." she added aloud, rising to her feet and tripping by Michael's side. Theo Claridge, as time went on, had be come discontented with her name. Twice during Berthon's stay abroad she had been engaged to change it, but each time, through some little thing — probably the very sharp temper for which sue grew more and more famed as she grew older — the engagement had fallen through and left her Miss Claridge, still. When she saw Michael Berthon, hand some, stately and fascinating as of yore, she suddenly lelt assured that she had loved him deeply in those bygone days, and that hers was a heart that could never forget. Why has he remained single all these years I she asked herself. " Surely he, too, cared more than either of us knew in those young and foolieh days." The only drawback was that Miss Claridge was only in that neighborhood for the day. She had come down from London with some irisnds for this picnic, and no hint iihat she could think of would make her former friend. Mrs. Shadweli, give her an in vitation. " Since Theo has become so loud and fa3t, the less 1 see of her the better." Dorothy said to her husband. With the unceremonious ease which was her way Miss Claridge said,— " 1 engage you, Mr. Berthon, to show me the beauties of these woods after luncheon. I expect you know them all thoroughly ; how many dozens of picnics have you flirted at here, I wonder ! with an arch glance and kil ling smile. " They are so altered since my time," said the man hastily. "I really know nothing about them, Miss Claridge." ' Oh, that is still more charming, then, we will explore them together," replied the ladv, helping herself to loDster salad. i!veab' 1 have Premised to be at Misb Shadwell's command this afternoon " he said hurriedly. "Ah, then Bhe must eomewith us. How the child has grown ;" returned Theo, con descendingly. "Lice looking, do you think her I Just girlish and unmeaning, isn't she 7 I know you liiie a face with some character in it, Mr. Berthon; ab, I remember your tastes so well 1" " You are too flattering." . I should think so. indeed," with a tap 4 I fikouidn d think & man ever thought anything said to him too flattering. >. n0Wr conceited race you are too well. r\ow I see a move is beginning; shall we stroll a little way in tnis direction? I don 0 mind which, in the least. Have I you got your pipe ? Perhaps if you are very, (very agreeable I will fill it for you presently,' J , "J "u11 JU6t- ask Shadwell's advice; he the bearing of this place," said Berthon, hurriedly moving. 1 Then luck favored him; as he reached his friend, a tree hid him from Miss Claridge's bold.plack eyes, and Dorothy Shadwell las standing by her fatner s side. 'Do you want me, Mr. Berthon 7" she asked, brightly. " I thought you looked ap- pealing five minutes ago over Miss Claridge' Head." " " Have a care what you are doing with that woman, or you will be hooked to a cer tainty," said Shadwell. ,she is a most in veterate huntress, now her chances ae small you know, and you are an eligible part-v; you should never lose remembrance of that my aear fellow." ' " I aru a refugee now," laughed Berthon. " Henry, you know this piaee, which path is th9 most inaccessible for an over I inflated crinolette and a pair of tight — un doubtedly they are awful tight — highheeled j shoes 7" 1 1 "They would probably be stumped up I there." j Shadwell pointed to a narrow, steep, and 1 very overgrown path leading to the summit j of the wood. | Dorothy, will you try it?" smiled Berthon, j turning toward her. And readily the girl flitted up ; passing out I of sight just as Mrs. Shadwell came up, and ! seeing the arrangement, said to her husband I joyously, — "How nicel" " I think you are safe now," said Dorothy, breathlessly, as they gained the top of the hill. " Oh. isn't this view lovely !" "I think that eighteen-inch waist would hardly trip up as you have done," said Berthon, comfortably. " Yes, it is very pretty." His eyes were not following bis com panion's over the winding river and woods and meadows below, but resting upon the bonny face and sweet eyes so much better to him. " Mr. Berthon, I wonder that you have never married." 4 Do you, little Dorothy Why 7" "Because I think you must have been run after a great deal. I don't mean by Miss Claridge only, but by lots of others, no doubt. You are so handsome, and rich, and — " Charming !" as she hesitated. " Do you think I should make a charmiDg husband, Dorothy 7" Her face was turned away as she still looked at the view below, so he did not see the sudden vivid crimson that died it. She hesi tated an instant, then answered cleverly and quietly, — "Yes; I think you would make a very charming husband." Silence for a little while then. Berthon, half stretched upon the grass, watched the pretty, girlish figure as it Btood beside him, leaning against a tree with the sun's rays flickering its pink gown and bright hair ; some of the floating ribbons on the pink dress blew forth and touched his face, and he put his hand out suddenly upon them. " Come and sit down, little woman. Have you ever thought what kind of husband you would like, Dorothy?" " I can't tell yon all my private thoughts," she smiled, not looking up. " Not all; but this is a very important case. I should like to know what you are thinking on this subject." Why ?" playing with the grass beside her as she uttered the brief word. " Why ? Oh, say to provide amusement for this quiet afternoon," negligently leaning back. " Provide amusement for yourself in some other way," returned she in a choked, indig nant voice. " I am certainly not going to trot forth my best thoughts for your passing amusement." "Your best thoughts?" No answer. "Dorothy," the man persisted, smiling a little as he loaned toward tho averted head, "you told me you had an ideal once, you know. Have you still. " 1 suppose so. " Tell me what it is like. Describe it to me minutely now, in strict confidence, you know, child?'' " I. shall do nothing of the sort very dis tinctly. "lean fancy you married, little Doro thy, sometimes, he went on in the same provoking, careless tone. " I imagine the kind of man you will make happy Bome day." "Indeed! You have a valuable imagina tion, Mr. Berthon." " He roust be young. Ifancy you will make that a sine qua -non. About your own age, eh, little Doroiuy '? '' ' Go on ; this is your description, not mine." " You might tolerate ten or twelve years of seniority, but certainly not more. Then he must be possessed of perfect society manners and good looks, no doubt ; plenty of savoir Jaire, plenty of chit-chat, and knowledge of all little events of the day ; plenty of dandy ism, clothes, and friends ; a man about town, possibly, wish much fashion, wit,, and bril liancy about him. A man untroubled by- life's graver thoughts, untouched by life's sternerexperienees, buoyantand Iigut-nearted, and gay." " It that," interrupted Dorothy, with a sudden tremble in ber tonos, " is the kind of man you think me worthy of, Mr. Ber thon, it is certainly the exact kind 1 should detest." She uttered the last words vehemently, but there was a suspicious droop and tremor of the long-lashed lids of the sweet tell-tale eyes, as she turned away suddenly and plucked at the grass by her side. "What kind of man should you like?" Berthon questioned, with a dangerous soften ing of his voice. But at that moment voices were heard close by, and starting to her feet Dorothy asked : "is that Ted?" Ted, handsome and debonair , in white flan nel, with crimson belt and neck tie, was lead ing up the path, with exceeding care, a pretty little specimen of the doll tribe, Clarice Ver non, in l'act, exquisitely dressed in white and gold. Michael Berthon looking at Dorothy saw her face suddenly darken, while her little foot Btamped angrily upon the ground, and she bit her lips in a vexation too great to be ; concealed. "Ah, monopolised, I see," said Ted, look ing in upon the little retreat. " Sorry to in trude, but we are unlnoky ; every resting place is filled by some couple who scowl dis missal at ub the instant wo appear in sight ; we toil and wauder till we drop, don't we, Miss Vernon ? " ' We are certainly very tired," said that young lady, affectedly. " You can come in here if you like," said Dorothy, drawing aside her lace-edged flounces to make room, but speaking as if her voice was iced. "No thank you," laughed TecL " We wouid rather sink from exhaustion than he received on sufferance. Miss Vernon, shall we try a yard or two higher ? " " Ted. I want to speak to you a moment." Dorothy went boldly after him, and caught his sleeve as he would have followed his com panion. "Ted, I won't have this; " Berthon heard her say, in spite of lier tones being lowered almost to a whisper, and his having moved as far as he could from the soutad of them. " My dear Dorothy, there is nothing for you to mind." " But i do mind, and there is something to miud. Ted, then I shall give you this locket back if you will carry on with that girl." " Don't be such an idiot, Dorothy. There is no more harm in my talking to Clarice than there is in your sitting with Michael there. One does not come to a pic-nic to sit alone and mope." " I don't care. I declare if you persist in carrying on with that horrid, conceited af fected lutle doll — " " Your last is the only applicable term. My dear, how can you can you get so excited about nothing ? " " If you carry on with her I declare I will have nothing to do with you, Ted, in any way or shape. There ! I mean it ! " said Dorothy, in excited resolution. "Absurd child, we will talk it over pre sently ; now, see, she is looking back at us. She will think you are in love with me, Dorothy." " I den't care what she thinks : I know what I think of you." " And I know what I think, of you. You are the dearest, best, sweetest little girl in the world, and I know you won't make any stupid fuss about nothing. Xa-ta 1 " " Oh Ted dear, dou't ! " changing her anger ! So pleading suddenly. " If it were any girl but ! that, I wouldn't mind." 123-1-S " Dear little woman. I am not carrying on, as you put it. I am simply doing the civil, and she amuses me, voila tout, 1 swear." Then he was gone, striding after the trip- ping white and gold drapsries ; and Dorothy ! came slowly back to Berthon, whose face had I grown very white and hard ; but there were j angry tears in the girl's own eyes, and she I ca3t them over the river instead of upon him I j as she stood by his side. For a minute they I | stood in most uncomfortable silence ; then it j was broken by the sound of other voices aris- | ing from below. C BP TEE VIII. One of the voices was Miss Claridge's, un mistakably, and it arose from a piece of grass that jutted out from the middle of the steep bank upon the top of which Berthon and Dorothy were sitting. It said : " I can go no farther. I have torn my froct: on those wretched brambles. If the girl has carried him any higher, she is welcome to him for her pains, that is all. " Yet he is too nice for a child like that," rejoined another voice, presumably the voice of Theo's confidential friend. " He is really a most taking, distinguished-looking man. Theo, dear, i thought when you sat side by aide just now, what a splendid couple you would make; I thought he seemed rather struck, too dear, consolingly. " So he is, so be was, from the first moment he saw me ; I never doubted that," said Miss Theo, with much complacency. " Bat when a forward, unscrupulous little minx chooses to put herself to any inconvenience to get a man s attention, of course, a woman with any self-respect is at a disadvantage. 1 never could put myself cut of the way one bit to ob tain any man's attention. I know it is foolish of me, I know that every other woman does ; but there it is, Lueie, a man must come every step of the way to woo me, or I won't be wooed." ' There is little fear of your not being that, dear Theo." " No, I flatter myself I could snatch away Michael Berthon from that dolly girl in spite of her effortB and determination, but really, I can't trouble to do it ; "' flirting her fan with vicious energy. " The silly little thing is over head and heels in love with Mr. Berthon, any one can see that." " Yes, any one can see that," chimed in her obliging friend. '' And so, if she can get him she may have him," said Theo, with a perfect explosion of spite. " Now the thiDg is, how am I to get down from here without doing my dress any more harm ? What a detestable spot to have a pic-nic in I I only hope that Shadwell girl will get her best frock well spoiled in her run ning away with her lover. _ The two standing above had heard without listening all that the clear, hard voices had said, but until their names were mentioned just at the last, they, each absorbed in per turbed thoughts of their own, had no thought that the conversation in any way concerned themselves. When their own names were heard, each involuntarily turned and looked at the other — the man with a depreoating glance, willing to smile off the contretemps if his companion were willing ; but the girl turned with a perfect agony of passion and shame in her burning face and tear- filled eyes, and her lips were positively quivering, as she said, stretching out in the direction Tbeo Claridge had been in : (To be Continued .) 