DEAD MAN'S ROCK. A Romance nr Q. BOOK I. THE QUEST OF THE GREAT RUBY. CHAPTER' V (Continued.) tells how the ' qeorgio buodojani gave evlbenoft at' the ' luuofeb' inn/ At last,, towards noon,. I 'dozed into a reBtlase slnm|>e'r, .bnt only to see eaoh eight and hear' each Sound repeated with every gtoteeqiie. and fantastic variation ' Dead Man e Book; rose out.of a saa of. blocd, peopled with hundreds of ghastly'faeeft, each face the distorted:-li|serieftB pf. John 'or "the' oaptairil Blood waft eveiy.where— on their shirts,' their hands,' their facfts, in Bplashe's across the rock itself, in vivid', streaks across 'the spume of the sea. The very ann peered through' a blood-red fog, and the waves, the monrnful galls, the echoes. from, the cliff, took aptbe everlasting chotns, , led . by one silver) demoniac voice—. . . i , Sing ho 1. but he walls lor you 1 Finally, as I lay tossing and tormented atsftk. fthia nhnntnm ia nsvnv ! n mtr flVAB ni)fl ears, the Bound died imperceptibly away into the soft hash of two-well-known voices, and I opened; my eyes to see mother with Uncle Loveday standing at my bedside. ' The boy's a bit feverish,' said my uncle's voice; 'he haft nbt got over his fright just yet.' ' Hush ! he's waking 1 ' replied my mother : and as I opened my eyes ehe bent down and kissed me. How inexpressibly sweet was that kiss after the nightmare of my dream 1 ' Jasper dear, are yon better now ? Try to lis down and'get'e.ome more sleep.' But I was eager to kaow 'what news Unele Loveday had ' to tell, : bo I sat np and questioned, him. There was little 'enough ; tbongh ; delivered with muoh pomp, it took sometime in telling. Roughly, it came to this :— ' A body had been discovered— the body of a small infant— washed up on the Polkimbra dobvu, iuia wuuiu kivq uu w|i|iwt«uuiv/ »« an inqaeat ; and, in fact, the coroner waa to arrive chat afternoon from Penzance with an interpreter for the evidence of the Btran«e Bailor, who, it seemed, was a Greek Little enough had been got from him, bat he Beamed to imply that the veBeel bad attack apon Dead Man's Rock from the Boath»we&t;, breaking ber back npon its sunken baBa, and then Blippiog ont and subsiding in, the deep water. It must have happened at high' tide. apon . nigh watet line Tma exBO-VMMWtMl of -the ' disaster at abont 4 e'.m,, and my mother's, eyes met mine, aa we both remembered that it waft about that hour when we heard the wild : despairing cry. For the rest, . it was hopeless to seek information from, the Greek sailor without an_ interpreter ;.nor tsAVA (ih«M anv AtnfVidB n iriAntafvintr'miirtrR on the ohil'd'a body ' The stranger had been clothed at -the vioaragft, and would give his evidence that afternoon. Hitherto, trie name of the vessel was unknown.. \- At this' point my mother's ' eyes ' again sought mine,, and I feared fresh inquiries about -the Mary Jane ; but,' luckily, Uncle Loveday had reenrred tri the qa'ftstion of the' .Tower of Babel, on which he delivered several profonnd reflections. Seeing me etill riiftinolined to explain, Bbe merely sighed, and was - eilerit, ' '? : . . But: when Uacle' Loveday had broken his Ifftst and, rising, announced, that he jnnat drive down to be present at the inquest, to onr amazement, mother . insisted upon, going with him. Having no suspicion of her deadly fear, ' he langhed a little at first, and quotftq Solomon on the 'infirmities of women to an 'extent that' made me wonder' what Annt Loveday wonld have said had he dared broach aiicn a Hnbject to that' strong-minded woman.' Seeing, however, that my mother was set npon going, be desisted at last, and pat the cart at her service. Somewhat to her astonishment, as I could see,' I asked to be allowed to go also, and,, after some entreaty, preveueu. uu " « », www ..u u.,... vuw.w L'oveday'e over-fed pony for Polkimbra. There was a Bmall crowd aronnd the do9' of the ' Lugger Inn ' when we dravenp. It appeared the coroner had just arrived, and the inquest 'was to'begin atones. Meanwhile the folk were busy with conjecture. They made way, however,', for my nncle, who, being on such occasion's a person of no little importance, easily gained ne entry into the Red-roam where the inquiry was abont to be held. As we stepped along the passage, the landlord's parrot, looking more than ever like Annt Elizobftth, almost frightened me out of my wits by crying, ' AU hands lost 1 All hands lost! Lord ha' mercy, on us 1' t.a l .ft maIa aril) Rnnnrtarl in mv flam. lit) UUBIDri uv«w ----- — — # " . S when tb6 door opened, ana we Btooa in presence of the ' crownet'e quest.' I'supposa the Red-room of. the 'Logger was fall; and, indeed, as tha omalloat inqnoat .involves at least twelve men and a ooroner, tossy nothing ofwithessea, it mast hgve been very fall. Bat for mp,. us soon as my foot crossed the threshold, there' was' only otie face, only one, pair . oj eyag» „oqly one terrible preseqee, to be cohsciopsvof qpd fear., l.eaw him at once, and ' he. sa» me ; bnt, riniesft it 'were that bie cruel eye gltntep.anq qjs tips grew for thft moment yvbite (irlji .fixed,, he betrayed no consciousness of my presence The coroner' was speaking aft we' enteted, but hie voice sounded 03. though , far away and faint. ' Uncle .Loveday gave.evldence, and I have a dim' recollection ol 'two rowft'.,pf, gleaming buttons, but nuthing more. Then Jonathan, the coastguardsman, was cillpJ. He' had seen, or, fancied he saw, a ship in distress riepr ,Gne Graze; had noticed no light nor heard' any signal of distress ;' brid given mforinaUqn, at Liz ;rd , Town. .The. rooket' apparatus' bad been get. ont, arid aeqrbh'-d and. sconred the cliffs aft far as Portb Pyg', . bat nothing waft to be seen. Tqe search', party were returning, when they; 'fnn'nf) Wfihih»rAftM(l RdttAF in nnrnnnnv with a; small', l|oy, onp Jasper Trepoweth, in Ready. Money Cove. , ' '! At the sb'and of my own name I started,, and for the second time since onr entry felt the eyea ol th'e stranger question me At the same 'time I felt my mother's olaftp of my. hand tighten, and knew that she saw that look. The air grew closer 'and the walla seemed, to draw nearer as Jonathan's voloe continued its drowsy tale. The afternoon ann poured in at the wiadow uutil it made the little wainecottei parlonr'like an oven, but etill for me it only lit up one pair of oyeB. The .voices aoanded more and more like those of a dream ; the scratching of pens and shuffling of .feet were, to my ears, aedietau' murmurs of the sea, nntil the coroner's vo ce called — ' Georgio Rnodojani.' Instantly I was wide awake, with every nerve on tne mroioo. arud i mi uio eyee question me, again my mother's hand tightened upon mine, as the stranger etoou np and in eoftsat, most musical toneB gave his evidence. And' the evidence of Georgio Rhedojani, Greek sailor, as translated by Jacopo Ronsaponlos, interpreter, of Penzance, was this 'My nans ia Georgio Rhodojanl. Iam a Greek by birth, and have been a sailor all my life. I w-s seaman on hoard the ship whioh was wrecked last night on yonr horrlb'e coast. ' The ship belonge? to Bristol, and was homoward bound, bat I know neither her name nor the name of ber captain.' At this strange opening, amszsment fell npon all. For myself, the wild incongruity of this foreign tongas from lips which I ha; hoard ntter snob fluent and ilate-like English swallowed np all other wonder. After.a pause, seeing the marvelling I uoks ' of -his audience, the - witness quietly ex- pa<>-d— ' Yon wonder at this ; bat I rim Greek, and cannot master yonr bard names. I joined the Bhip at Colombo, as the" captain was' i jshortof hands, I waa wrecked in a Dutch ' I vessel belonging to Dordreoht, off Jhva, and' worked my passage' to Ceyl-in, seeking : employment. It Ib not, therefore, extra' ordinary that I am so igaurant, and my month cmnot pronounao yonr English language, bnt show me your list of ships and I will point her oat to yon.' There was a iastlihg of papers, and a list of East Indiamen was butided np to him ; he hastily rah his firigera over1 tha pages. Suddenly his face lighted up. 'Ah! this is she I— this is the ship that vas wrecked last night I' . The coroner took the paper and Blowly read out— 'The James and Elizabeth, of Bristol. Captain— Antonina Meirydew.' . Ah, yes, that is she. The babe here waB the captain's child, born on the voyage. There were eighteen men on board, ' an English boy, and the oaptain'a wife. The child ' was bom off the African coast. We sailed from Colombo on the 22nd- of Jaly last, with a carge of coffee and sugar. Two days ago we were off a big harbour, of which I do not know the'name ; bat early yester day- morning were abreast of what yon call, I think, the Lizaid. The wind wasS.W., and took ne into your terrible bay. AU yesterday we were tacking to get ont. TowardB evening it blew a gale. The captain had been ill ever since we passed the Bay oi Biscay. We hoisted no signal, and knew not what to do, for tho captain was Bick, and the mote drnnk. The' mate began to ory when we Btrnck. I alone got on to the jihboom and jumped. What became of the usueto a ituuw uut| uuw x juuiyou uu uu vue rook by which yon found me this morning. The vessel . broke np in a very short time, I heard the men' cry bitterly, but the mate's voice was loader than any. The captaiu of course was below, aud so, when last'I saw them, were his wife ' and child, bat she might have rnBhed upon deck; 1 was aimost sacked back twice, bnt managed to scramble np. It waenot nntil daylight that I' knew I waa on the mainland,, and. climbed down to the sands.' Aa this strange history proceeded, I know not who' in that ljttle audience was most affected. The jri'ry, fascinated .by the sweet voicft'of the. speaker, as Well as'-tbel mkatery about the' vesftel and its unwitnessed die;7 appearance, leant forward in their seats with strained and breathlesB attention. My mother could not take ber eyes off the stranger's face. As he. hesitated over the name of the ship, het very lips grew white in agonised suspense, bnt when the coroner read 1 the James arid Elizabeth,' she sank back in her Beat with a low ' Thank God I ' that told me what ahe had dreaded, and bow terribly. I myself knew not what to think, nor if my oare nan nearu nngut. xarc ol lijo tine a knew to be a lie ; but how mnoh ? And what of the Mary Jane? I looked ronnd abont. A bash bad succeeded the olooing words of Rhodojani. Even the coroner was puzzled for a moment ; bat improbable as the evidence might seem, there was none to gainsay it. I alone, had they bnt known it, could give this demon the lie— I, an un noticed child. The coroner pnta question or two and then summed np. Again the old drowsy insensi bility fell npon me.' I heard the jnry return the nanal verdict of7 ' Accidental Death,' and, ae my mother led me from the room, the voice of Joe Roscorla (who had been on the jury) Baying, ' Darn all foreigners I I don't hold by none of 'em,' As the door slammed behioff as, abutting out at last those piercing eyes, a shrill screech from the landlord's parrot echoed throngh the' honse — ' All bands lost I Lord ha' mercy orina 1 CHAPTER VI. TELLS IIOW A FAOE LOOKED IN AT TnE WINDOW of L ANTING ; AND IN. WHAT MANNED MX FATHED OAME HOME TO US. My mother, and . I .walked homeward together by way of the cliffs. We were both (silent. .My heart ached ,to tqll the whole, (story, and prove, thgp my. Jale of the Mary I Jane was rio wanton lie! hrit fear_ reeUaigedj eoBn.l Jt'fie w, the glance, of intelligence which the stranger gave me ; she gneaaed that bia story was a lie and that I knew it. What she could not goesa waa the horror that held my tongue fastened as with a padlock. So, batb busy with bitter thoughts, we walked in silence to Lautrig. The. evening meal was no natter, ay.toou choked. me, and after a straggle I waft forced to letit He.atmosf'untoach'ea. Batwben'the fire rise stirred, the' candles lit, arid I drew' u,y footstool v aa risual to her leet' by the hearth, the old room ioakdd "eo warm and, cosy that my pale feara began to vanish In its genial glow. I bad possessed myself of the : PUgrim'a ProgreB",' and the volnm-, a dumpy octavo, lay, on my knee. As I read the story of Christina 'and Apcllyon.to . i'B end, a new cpurage fooght. in me with my morning fears'. ' " , " .' , V 'In thift'oombet no inao can imftgine rinlers ba haB seen and beard as I did, what yelling and' bidooriB roaring ApolJyon made ail the time of the fight ; hie spake like a dragon ; aod, on the other aide, what sighs and grcana bnr;t from C'jrifttiau'g bearf.'. I never saw bim all the wbiie give 'eb muoh aft -one pleasaoc look, till he percaive'i'that he had wooodsl, Apollyon. with his 'two'-edged sword ; then indeed he did einile slid look upwards'!' bnt it was thedreadfalleftt eight that ever I e»w/ I glanced rip at my mother, halt resolved. She was leaning forward a little end gazing into the fire, that lit np ber pale face and wonderful eyes with a sympathetic softness. x C&B; (QluOOOOt uOn uuw aweuuaue lyjiteu and how weary— that tender figare outljried in warm glow Bgatnefc tbe, stern, dark room. And atl the time her heart was slowly breaking witn yearning' for him tbat came not, I did not know it then ; bnt when doer childhood kno» or understand the Buffering of later life ? I looked' down upon the page once more, turned back a loaf or two, and read : 'Then did Christian begin to be a'rald, and to cast in hie. mind whether to go bgck or stand his ground. Bat he considered again that be had'no afmbur. for. his back, and therefure thought that to torn' his brink to him might give bim' greater advantage, with ease to pierae bim" with his darts; there- (usd ij« cqqvavou vi/ rouruiw mw\« ssauu uia ground.' 1 1 come on them in bed sometimes, and eometimeB from, behind/ The words oi my Apollyon oame aorpea my mind. Should I speak and seek oouu'sel ?— What was that ? It was a tear that fell upon my band ar it layacroBs'my mother's lap. Since'the day when father left uft'I had never seen hsr weep. Was it for my deceit'?' I looked rip again and saw that' ' her eyes were brifnuiing with sorrow. My fear and doubts were forg'otteo. I would s. eak and teu'her all my tale ' Mbthftr." """" '' ' ,S>mewhat ashamed at, being discovered, she dried her eyeB and tritxj to emile— a poor piti ful smile with tub veriest ghost of joy in it. ' Yes Jasper/ ' 'la 'Apollyoo etill alive?' " 1 He etariUe for the powers of evil, Jasper, and tbejr are always alive/ 1 Bnt, I mehn, does he walk about the world liko'a mah ? 1ft he'really alive? ' 'Why, no', Jaepor,' What'noniSnse has go into'yorir head now'?' , ' Baoaas-, mother, I methim 'tti-dsW That Is, he said he was Apollyon, arid : that be wonld cqme, arid carry me off if- — ' Half apprehensive "n't 'iri't' bbldbeisY I cast an anxious look aroqnd as I spoke. Nuthing lUUk UIJ C/oa WUH vuu iwuiuiwi lutuivutu uuw the dericing shadows on the wall, until their gaze fell npon the window, and rested there, whilst my heart grew anddenly still with terror, and my tongue clave to my month. Ae my voice broke off 'suddenly, mother glanced at me in expectation. Seeing my fixed stare end dropped jaw, ahe too looked at the' window, then started to her feet with a shriek. For there, looking in npon ns with a wicked emile, was the white face of the sailor Rhodojani. For a second or two, petrified with horrar, we stood BtariDg at tt. The evil emile tliokered for a moment, baring the white teeth and lighting the depths of those wolfish eye<; then, with a fiendish laugh, vanished in the darkness. He had, then, told tbe truth when he pro-, mined to bannt me. Beyond tbe .shook of mortal terror, i was uu» inuu umazeo. it Homed but natural tbat he should oome aa oe had threatened. Only 1 was filled with awful expectation of blB vengeance, and stood aghast at the consequences of my rashness. By instinct I turned to my mother for pro tection? ' ' Bnt what ailed her ? She had fallen baok io )ier chair and was etill staring with parted lips at tbe dark pane that a ruinate ago had framed the horrid countenance. When at last she spoke, ber words were wild aud meaningless, with a dreadful mockery of lunghter that sent a swilt pang of appre hension to my heart. ' Mother, it is gone, what is the matter ? Again a few meaningless ijllables and that awful langh. Aud so throughout that second awfnl night did she mutter and laugh, whilst I, helples- and terror stricken, strove to voathe her ar d recall her to speenh and esuse The slew hoars dragged by, and still 1 kneit fore her waiting for the l'ght The' slow dick sounded tha' bonis, and still tho gave 11 1 , " I n0, ai?Q , understanding. The mice crept .. 1 ont of. their accustomed holes and jumped '' back startled at her laugh. The fire diedlow and the candles died out ; the wind moaned outside/- -the - tamarisk branches!' swished against the pane ; the bush of night, with its intervale of mrstefiaas sohnd, held the bouse ; but all the time ahe never ceased'to ?®on . 'k® window;, and every now arid: rnfig J011 ' wotds 'hat were no echo of hftr ,wm',C8' Dafh'gllt, With its ptO- monitory chill, crept upon ns at last, but oh,- n?asBthat n n .D?»'ll!ht Ihoked in and found! alone, "Uto had l8ft aS( baplfl9g aa(L »h««' hJill da'i,ii\t came some courage. Had there been neighbours near Lantrig I fthonlcf have, run to snmmon theThefow. bnft Po ftmh'a wa',the neat#st habifmtVoQ nni was almost two milea off, a»loas » road possessed by horrors .and pe«haDs , tenanted by thnt devilish face. And how conld I leave my mother alone? But now that day had oome I would ran to Lizaid Town and see Uncle Loveday. I slipped ori my boots, unbolted the door, cast a lasflftrik at my mother still sitting helpless and vacant of soul, and rushed from the bouse. The ' sound of hor laughter rang in my ears as tho ' door close behind me. . i Weak, baggord, aud wild of aspect, I ran - , and atumbled along the cliffs. Dead Mrinri ri Kock lay below wrapped in a curtain of mist; Thick alopdB were rolling up from seaward J - the grey light of retaining day made sea,' hky. and laud seem colourless and wan. Bat for " ms there was no sight but Polkimbra ahead! As I gained tho little village Iran down the ' hill to the Lugger ' and knocked unon ttm door. Heavens! how long it was before I > wan answered. At last the landlady's head ' appeared at an upper window. With a few words to Mrs, Bunvargae, which caaeed that . worthy aoul to dress in haste with many ejaculations, I raced up the hill again and " across tbe downs for Lizard Town. My . strength wsb giving way ; my head swam, my sides ached terribly, my legs almoBt refused ri to obey my will, and a thousand lights' danced and sparkled before my eyes, bat-still I kept on, now staggering,- now stumbling,, but still onward, nor stopped nntil I stood' before Uocle Lnveday'e door. - - ' :i, . . There at last I fell ; bat luckily against the( -. j ..door, .so that in-a -moment or two I became . conscious of "Aunt Ellzabettretanding over". j me and regarding me as a culprit cangnt red- v ; handed in some atrooious crime. ' Hoity-toity ! What's the matter now t Why, it's J«9per ! Well, of all the freaks-. to come knocking ns np I What's tbe matter with the boy? Jasper, what ails yon?' Incoherently I told my story, at first to Aunt Elizabeth alone, but presently, in answer to her call, Uncle Loveday came down to hear. The pair stood silent and wondering. They were not elaborately dressed. Annt Elizabeth, it is true, was smothered from , bead to foot in a gigantic Inverness cape, that might have been my ancle's were it riot obvioasly too large'for that little man. Her nightcap, on the other hand, waa ostenta tiously ber own. No other woman conld have had strength of mind to wear anch a bead- dreaB. Unole Loveday's costume was even more singular ; for the first time I saw him without a single brass batton, and for the first time I understood how mnch he owed to those deoorations. ' His first words were— . ' Jasper, I hope yon are telling me the truth. Yonr mother told me yesterday of some cock-and-bnll story concerning : the Anne Maria or some each vessel. I hope this is riot another each case. 1 havo told yon often enough where little boys who ' tell falsehoods go to/ ' My white face mast have bean vouchor for ; my troth on thie occasion ; for Aunt Alizabath i, cut him short with the single word ' break fast,' arid haled me into the little pariorir whiiit tho pair went to dress. > As I waited, I heard the eoand ol the pony ' without, and presently Aunt Elizabeth returned in her ordinary costume to worxy . the Rmall aervant who laid breakfaat. , Whether Uncle Lovodav ever hod that meal I do not kno« to.-tWs day, tor whilst It waa ' , iib«vog prepared I eaw him get Into the little i LUIIIUKQ auuuiivri uu huvfuniB jjanvnR 1W&& told that I conld not go until 1 had eaten'- ' and no with a sore heart, bat no thought of < disobedience, I tarned to breakfaat. - ; (TO BH OONTIHUHD.)! 