iioine and <|owign. TREMENDOUS MEETING IN WATEREORD. Twenty Thousand Men in Line. The “ Cork Herald” reporter writes :—The demonstration which was held on Sunday (Sept 9.) in Waterford in honour of the visit of Messrs. Win. O’Brien and T. D. Sullivan, M.P.’s, was a most remarkable one from many standpoints—firstly, on acconnt of its imposing dimensions, fully twenty thousand people having taken part in it ; secondly, because of the spirit of enthusiasm and defiance that characterised every man who was present, notwithstanding the Coercionist Reign of Terror. It was admitted on all hands that for many years a more significant demonstration has not taken place. The heroes of the da}', or, as they have now come to be known, 41 The Heroes of Tullnmore,’ Messrs. O’B'ien and Sullivan, received a a tremendous ovation from the assembled multitude. Mr. U’Brien didn’t read' Water ford until noon to-day, having remained over night at the Limerick Junction. Upwards of twenty bands were scattered through the procession, and numerous banners were borne. At frequent intervals various branches of the National League, trade societies, and branches of the Gaelic Athletic Association, the members of which wore picturesque uniforms, formed the leading feature of the procession. The principal streets of the city through which it passed were decorated with banners, flags, and evergreens, and there was a number of triumphal arches. Arrived at Ballybricken, the mayor was moved to the chair. Amongst those present oil the platform were—Messrs. IL Power, M.P.; I). J. Ccndon, M.P.; 1>. J. Pyne, M.P.: H. P. Cobhe, M.P.; W. Byles, Bradford; M. A. Manning, Hon. Secretary I.N.L., Waterford ; P. M. Egan, Mayor of Kilkenny ; E. Murphy, Mayor of Clonmel ; Alderman B. Power, High Sheriff, Waterford City ; Alderman D. Hunt. J.P.; Alderman L. A. Ryan, J.P.; Alderman E. C. Fielding, and many other prominent hn men. Amongst the clergy present were—Levs. M. Flynn, P.P.; P. J. Power, C.C.; J. J. Quan, C.C.; P. Doncey, C.C.; H. Mockler, Adm.; D. Whelan, C.C.; father Barry, <). P.; Father Ilvland, O.S.Jf.; W. O’ltonnell, C.C.: J. Ilanway, O.S.F.: Paid Power, C.C.; Timothy M. Buckley, G.C., Salford ; P. Keating, C.C.; Thomas I learn, P.P.; T. Teehan. P.P. Tlmmastown ; B. J. Casey, C.C.; W. 11. Sheehy, C.C.; W. J. Walsh, C.C.; J. Lannon, C.C.; W. Meagher, C.C.; F. Heffernan, C.C.: W. B. Fagan, Rector, Suffolk. THE BKSOI.UTIOX. Before the proceedings were commenced, a blackthorn stick of immense size, and beauti fully mounted in silver, was presented in commemoration of the anniversary of the Mitchelstown massacre. The following reso lution was then proposed by the High Sheriff: and seconded by Rev. W. O’Donnell :—“ That we, the priests and people of the Co. and City of Waterford, and of the counties of Wex ford, Kilkenny, Tipperary, and Queen’s County, declare our unaltered confidence in Mr. Parnell and the Irish Parliamentary Party, and that we will use every constitu tional means in our power to sustain and support them, and that nothing but self government, as approved of by our chief and his followers, will satisfy the just aspira tions of the Irish people ; and we hereby record our solemn protest against the cruel and inhuman treatment accorded to political prisoners, which has led in this country to the death of John Mandeville and others ; that the systematic depopulation of our country by the ruthless process of land eviction now being carried on throughout the land is calculated to impoverish the land and force the people into crime ; that we trust the democracy of England by Mr. (Gladstone will use every effort to hurl the present Tory and landlord despotism from power ; and that copies of the foregoing resolution be sent to Messrs. Parnell, Gladstone, Morley, and Balfour ; Lords Salisbury and London derry, and Sir W. Harcourt.” MR. SULLIVAN’S SPEECH. Mr. T. D. Sullivan, who was received with cheers, said that in the presence of such an enormous multitude hut very brief speeches were necessary. (Cheers). The magnificent procession and this splendid gathering were things which constituted a message of hope and joy to Ireland and a message of defiance to and contempt of Mr. Balfour (groans) and the whole of the Coercionist ['arty. (Cheers). It conveyed a message to Lord Salisbury that the Irish cause could not be suppressed (cheers), and that the old spirit of the Irish race could not be subdued. (Cries of never.) MR. O’BRIEN’S SPEECH. Mr. William O’Brien, M.P., who was re ceived with prolonged cheering and waving of hats, again and again renewed, said—I give up at once the chance of sending my voice over even less than one-fourth of this enormous multitude ; and if T am to he heard over even less than one-fourth of this multi tude I have to beg that you will remain as still as it is possible for you to do in its packed condition. From my heart 1 congra tulate you, men of Waterford and Tipperary, of Kilkenny and gallant Wexford—I congra tulate yon on this magnificent gathering of the clans here to-day (cheers) —one of the most glorious sights that ever cheered my eyes or that ever thrilled the heart of man. (R-newed cheers.) I only hope that Mr. Balfour’s spies will give him some idea of the dimensions and of the spirit of this de monstration in Waterford to-day. (Cheers.) If they do, r venture to think that he will come to the conclusion that his conquest of Ireland will have to begin all over again. (Great cheering.) TWELVE MONTHS or COKIi<''!i>N. We have now gone through twelve months of the worst that coercion can do to us, and is it we who have reason to blush when we can look back upon it to-day V (Loud cheers.) Exactly twelve months ago, as Mr. tSullivan reminded us, Mr. Balfour commenced his work by the murder of three men in Mitchel stown. Go hack over all that has occurred since, and I ask you is the cause of Ireland in a worse condition before the world to-day ? (Great cheering.) Has lie stamped out one single branch of tin* League ? (Never.) Has he defeated one single combination under the Plan of Campaign? (Never.)— [A voice—And never will.] — Has he won one tangible victory of any sort or kind that he can point to ? (Cheers.) That is the real test ; ami with the gang <d ruffians who have got hold of the Government of Ireland that is the only test they value of success or failure. (Hear, hear.) HKARTI.KSS lUtrTKs. [ know those Tory politician^, and I know what an unprincipled set of hypocrites they are. (Cheers.) I know that at one time it was a toss up whether Lord Salisbury was going to offer ns an Irish Parliament or a Coercion Act (cheers), and it would he a toss up again in the morning if he thought he could retain office by another shuffling of the cards. (Renewed cheers.) These are the heartless brutes who are gambling the happiness of the Irish people, and I am certain that what is troubling Mr. Balfour is not the amount of misery that he is causing, not the homesteads that he is unrooting, it is not that he has the blood of John Mandeville on his head ; but what is irritating him, and what is maddening him is that he knows that all his wicked work has been labour in vain (loud cheers)—is that he knows that he has failed to break the spirit or break the organi sation of the Irish people (cheers)—ay, to even ruffle their temper (cheers) ; and that he knows that he stands before the world to day, not in the character of a conquering Cromwell, but as a poor battered, blatant humbug and failure. (Loud cheers.) THE SOKE POINT. Believe me that is the sore point with Mr. Bal four to-day. (Cheers.) Mighty little would he care by what means he had conquered us if he only succeeded ; but he has not ; he knows that there are thirty thousand men this moment confronting me who are as full of fight, and not only as full of fight, but as fresh for the fight to-day as they were twelve months ago. (Loud cheers.) And more than that, lie knows that he dare not face an audience of his own countrymen in any part of Great Britain and defend his policy (cheers) ; he dare not confront John Mande ville’s ghost before an open and free assembly of Englishmen (loud cheers) ; and he is obliged now to select his audience well, as if the whole British public were engaged in a conspiracy to pick his pockets (cheers and laughter), and even if he got his ticket audience together the most effectual argu ment he could offer on the Irish question is that he is obliged to feed them with plates of roasted ox. (Cheers and laughter.) 1KIS1I CRIMINALS MORE POPULAR IN ENGLAND THAN BALFoUR. Is that nothing—is it nothing that an English Coercionist Minister dare not now face his own countrymen? (Cheers.) Is it nothing that we, the worst of Mr. Balfour’s criminals, that we can go out into the street in a great English city, and that we can make sure of a hearing and of a welcome from the English people from the very first crowd that comes that way? (Cheers.) Ay, and as Mr. Sulli van will tell you, the worse criminals we are in Ireland the more tremendous the cheers we receive from the English people. (Cheers.) Well, I say, what does that mean if it does not mean that we have only to keep pegging away at what we have been doing. (Cheers)' and if there is anything certain in human j affairs it is that the day of general election will be a day of victory and of triumph—and of irrevocable triumph—for the cause of Ireland. (Loud cheers.) I know that there are persons who will tell you that the general election may be far off ; there are persons, well-meaning persons, who are always shaking their heads and throwing cold water in the moment of difficulty instead of doing a prac tical stroke of work to make coercion bitter for the Coercionists, and that is the solitary gleam of hope the Coercionists have. (Hear, hear.) They say the Irish are a fickle and a quarrelsome race, and we have only to go on worrying them a little longer and they will get discouraged, and they will not fail tO' quarrel among one another like a lot of way ward children. A NATION OF MEN. Well, if we were ever a nation of children we are children no longer. (Loud cheers.) W e are a nation of full-grown men today. (Cheers.) W’e have got a leader whom we will trust to the death. (Cheers.) We have got an organisation that nothing can shatter; and we have got a policy that is marching on to victory with the most wonderful and most rapid strides that any great movement of the century has commanded ; and until that policy is tried and until that policy is won I think I may assure our enemies that the whole force of the Irish race will stand to their guns (loud cheers), and will stick to their leader with the steadiness and discipline of a German army on the march. (Benewed cheers.) God knows I am not insensible to the cruel sacrifices that this struggle entails upon our unfortunate people. I have seen .John Mandeville’s desolate house and his true-hearted Irish wife. It is enough to make our hearts bleed when we think of John Dil lon wasting his noble life away in the gloom of a prison cell when we are breathing Gods air to-day, and to think of Mr. Balfour and | Dr. Birr (groans), with their hands, as it j were, on his pulse to know how much more ho can stand, and then turn him out on tho world a shattered and a broken man. Don’t toll mo of those things. I know it all. Morning, noon, and night 1 think of the thousands of humble heroes like T1IK MKX OK UOOLKOK (loud eheers), whom we have on this platform here to-day. Morning, noon, and night 1 think of such men giving up their families and giving up (heir business, and with their naked breasts facing the bayonets and the bludgeons, while the houses that they built, are being tumbled about their ears. I know it all, hut I know also that all those things, and ten thousand times worse petals and worse snenliees have had to be faced by our unhappy raee for many ;i day and for many a generation, when we had none ol the hopes and none of the friends that are thronging round us to-day (eheers) ; and I say we would deserve every stripe that the landlords could lay upon our backs, we would deserve to he disowned by our Irish lathers from their graves, if we murmured against those few last sacrifices that we have to pass through, if we were, not ready to give our energies, and, if necessary, to give our blood m this last struggle for the possession ol the Irish soil and for the regeneration of. our ancient Irish race (Cheers.) I'll E ( AS rr.M IH'.N. Well, I have no hesitation in telling you that sacrifices we will have to go on malting tor a while lunger. We cannot expect a busy and self-absorbed people like the English people to think our liberties are worth lighting for unless we slmw' them that we think they are worth lighting for ourselves. (Renewed cheers.) I tell you that the men I see. before me will have to show their teeth, they will have to defy Mr. Hal four and the landlords, and they wiil have to meet them foot to foot. I only place one limitation, mind you. upon your resistance to the don ol thieves m Dublin Castle. I only ask you one tiling. We must be true to our faithful friends and allies in England, Scotland, and Wales. TIIK ri.AN A N11 KoycoTTINO. We must remember that the most devilish ingenuity is being employed to make Mr. Gladstone answerable for every word and every deed of ours. We must remember never to d<> anything that we cannot defend to our consciences, and that we can’t stand up and defend before any honest assembly ol Englishmen. lint while I say this, I tell you that I for one would have no hesitation in standing up and defending before any English audience in the world and glorying m the fight that the men of Coolroe made for their homes (loml cheers) ; and I believe there is no amlieucf ol honest Englishmen who would not echo every word ol advice (hat was given to these nu'ii by my dear young friend, Willie Redmond, (('beers.) I would have no hesita tion in defending before any English audience the os.tr i<'ism, and, if yon like to call it, the boycotting of landgrahbers and of every other enemy of the people. I would have no hesitation in defending against all cornel.-; the Plan of ( fimpaign (eheers) - its honesty, its necessity, and its invincibility. (Renewed cheers.)' Above, all things, I should R- pre pared to <bI'aid anywhere in the world every act of resistance, and of contempt, and ol defiance against, every proclamation of Mr. It.il four’s suppressing liberty o( speech and suppressing combination. I may tell you that I W"itid defend every one of these things as readilv lane to-day only that, in the first place, it is not in the heist degree necessary to defend them before an Irish audience ; and, ill the next place, there are certain times when it may he better policy that perhaps cei tain among us may happen to he more useful outside of gaol. ■' ll i: IRISH h ka i; r sm-Ni'. At the same time, there are thousands o( men listening, lo me here to-day to whom it ought, to he a reproach if they do not. go into gaol tins winter and if they do not deserve it riehlv (h ml cheers); and I have no hesitat ion in fcliing you that the one thing which I should he most ashamed to acknowledge, be fore an English audience, the one. thing for whi( h Englishmen, who are brave men and who love libcf t y t In mselves, the one thing for which they would justly despise ns would he, if 1 tali' an could boast that the men of Ireland were r mi i ndering tamely their homes (eric; of “ never,’’ and a voice, “we will light lor them”), and that a few months’ gaol had frightened us out of the struggle for which thirl\ generations of our fathers have faced the gallows and battlefield. (Loud cheers.) There is not the least tear of that. There never was a time when the heart of Ireland was sounder, or when the pulse of Ireland heat higher than it dotes to-day. If we have a great deal—and we have a great deal—to exasperate and to madden ns, we have ten thousand times outre to fill our hearts with encouragement and with hope. Of all the generations of Irishmen that have lived in this land since the Norman conquest we of this generation have most to he. thankful for. We are the most united ; we are tint most influential throughout the globe, in America as well as hen*, ; and we are blest above all the generations that have, gone before us with the promise, ay, and with the certainty, that we will yet own and govern this lovely land of ours. (Cheers.) \V1<; ARK TWKNTY MILLIONS. Why, it is a thing in itself worth living for to live in a time like this, when our old Irish race, which was once a v tv by-word for dis sension and disunion, that the race is muted to-dav all the world around, like so many regiments in one mighty army twenty millions strong. (Cheers.) Yes, ii is a time worth living in, and it is a time worth struggling in. These are great historic scenes in which j we are privileged to lake a part, and we ought to thank God that it is our privilege now, before the battle is quite, over, and Indore the thunders of the cannons have died away. I tell you that the struggle is nearly over, and tlie" battle is nearly won (loud cheers), and rciiL'mber my words, in happy years to come it will yet. he your proudest boast — the richest legacy you can bequeath your children —that yon can say that in these last great scenes nf our glorious war of independence yon struck a blow under the banner of (J lad stone and of Parnell (renewed cheers), that you stood by their side in the hour id’ peril, and that you joined in the shorn of the universal Irish race in the day of victory for our lamb (lewd and prolonged cheering, amid wddeh Mr. (t’Prien concluded.) 