A TIFF. It was thoir first serious ono, for Mr. nnd Mrs. Dasson were a warmly attached couple, on whom two years of matrimony had not palled, nor had the offeet of lessening their affection. Yet sweetest bolls will jangle sometimes, and tho chords of tho human mind get out of tune. Mary, the maid, began the mis chief. Sho could not be induced to love early rising, consequently the breakfast was late. Mr. ilasson, who had nn engagement, chafcd at losing a train, and Mrs. Jjasson rebelled against the blame being laid on her. They parted in anger; hot words had been said, cruel rcproaclies uttered ; tho rolls and coffee loft untouched ; Mr. Dasson stalking out of the house without his overcoat, aud Mrs. Dasson flying upstairs to throw herself on her lied and cry stormily till her head ached and her eycB were swollen. ' What a fright I look I' she exclaimed, when, an hour after, sho rose and caught sight of hor wan, tear-stained face in the glass. ' My cousins talked of calling this morning, but not for worlds would [ let them sec mo in this state. If I told JInry to say I am ill, thoy would insist on coming up stairs; ami if thoy should suspect that Alfred and I have quarrelled, they would spread tho news far and wide. What shall I do? 1 will go out,' she (innlly.cictennined. ' A long walk will relieve my head, and I should feel fit for nothing if I stayed at homo. 1 am miserable, How could Alfred bo so unkind I' This ejaculation was followed by another burst of tears, but thoy flowed more quietly, and beforo they wore wiped away, Leia Dawson camo to tho conclusion that she had not been so free from fault as she had declared herself. Who could be more kind in general, or more forbearing than Alfred 1 And if he had spoken irritably sho could not deny that her duty as a wife wns sadly ignored when sho retorted in the same strain. 13ut ho had said — and then her bosom heaved angrily as she repeated to herself his captious speeches. If she had erred, he had beon mijnst ; nnd ns for Mary — . Never had that culprit seen her young mistress look so stern as when she came down stairs dressed for walking ; never before had Mrs. Dasson so sharply lectured her I One phrase the lady murmured, iu faltering accents, that filled Mary with remorse. 11 Your want of punctuality has caused me groat unhappiness.' Her voico choked by a sob, Mrs. Dasson walked quickly away, leaving her hand maiden, to whom she was invariably - kind and considerate, quite conscience strickcn. .The park to which Lola directed hor step3 was not nn inviting promenade, for the gravel.was sloppy with 'recent rain, and the shrubs half hidden by mist. However, sho perseveredin pacing the most sheltered walks till good resolutions camo to her aid, and sho could return home in a happier frame of mind. Beforo doing so, however, sho went to a Bon Marchc at no great distance. She had just remembered that Alfred was in want of a new pair of slippers. She would buy him the prettiest pair She could procure, and this gift should be her peace-offering when they met in the evening. A showily-dressed woman followed her into the department she visited, standing by her side while she mnde her selection, and turning over the slippers as if she wero as sisting Mrs. Dasson in her choice ; but whon the shopman chanced to bo off guard, the horrified lady saw hor appropriate a pair of the most expensive ones. On seeing herself observed, she dropped her booty, and with a familiar nod walked away, saying, — ' I'll wait for you outside'.' 'But ere sho reached tho door an assistant,-, who had wit nessed tho theft, sprang forward and detained hor. After a struggle sho was brought back to the counter where Mrs. Dasson, terrified and disgusted, was still' standing, and to the horror nnd dismay of the young wife, she heard herself accused as a confederate. Fortunately for her tho proprietor of tho emporium was quickly oil tho spot, aud by him she was recognised as a frequent cus tomer. Appeased by his apologies, slic would have paid for her purchase and departed, but when sho put her hand iu her pocket her purse— Alfred's present on hoi- birthday — was gone. Tho police now mado their appearance, tho thief was searched, and Mrs, Dasson's purse found upon her. Satisfied at having regained possession of it, she made another attempt to escape from a scene which she rendered intolerably pain ful by tho howls and protestations of the prisoner. But her ovidenco was rdquired ; sho was the most important witness in tho casa, nnd in spite of her absolute refusal to prosecute, nnd extreme re. luctance to take any part in the affair, sho was compelled to yield to .the requirements of the law. A cab was called, and much' against hor will, Mrs. Dasson was driven to the nearest police-court. It was crowded on that day ; somo local rejoicing had ended in a street row ; and so many wero. tho rioters, so con flicting the testimony, that very faint and wear}' did tho unwilling witness becomo ere the shoplifter was place in tho dock. Tho painful ordeal of giving evidence against hor was over at last, and .Mrs. Dasson froo to depart; but as, with the aid of a policoman, sho was edging her way through iho throng hanging about tho doors, a fow words reached !ier that made hor heart stand still. ' The worst accident they've ever had on that line,' ono man was saying to anothor. ' You soo it happened just as tho train was full of city gents going up to their offices, I did hear that there was ten dead aud no end of wounded.' ' Is it— is it turo ?' gasped Mrs. Dasson to tho policeman who wns piloting her. ' And whero.did it happen? ' ? 'Well, yes, mum, I'm afraid it's true enough! A collission, you know, some wheres between— 'and ho named tho station from which her husband travelled— ' and the noxt. Happened about nine- twenty, I reckon,' Oh 1 agony that it was to hear this I— to be forced to tell herself that if her husband had gone earlier, ns ho intended, he would have escaped. She looked so ill that tho policeman civilly offered to procure a cab into which I10 assisted hor, asking where bo should tell the cabman to drive. ''To tho city,' was the roply. And, accordingly, thither sho was takon, trembling, weeping, praying ; now yielding to despair, and feeling convinced that sho should find her husband at somo hospital frightfully maimed ; now hoping ho had escaped injury ; but always haunted with a dread that he was amongst tho killed. AncV.they had parted in anger I -She should never bo able to express her patience and rcceive his pardon. How should bIic endure lifo if he wns taken from her, or how forgive herself if lio were among those- who would linger out a miserable existence crushed, crippled 1 But the cab was at tho door of tho office, nnd a junior clork, catching sight of a pale, pretty face at the window of the vehicle, officiously rushed out. to interview its owner. Mr. Dasson? Ilshadn't been at the offico' all day. llelicvcd the governor had rocoivod a telegram — Lola fell back. Almost prostrated by this confirmation of her fears. She' contrived 'to give tho now compassionate clcrk her address, and he bade the cabman take her to her homo ns quickly as pcssiUlo, Tho door flew open ns she tottered townrds it, nnd Mary appeared, ho apron nt her eyes. ' Oh, ma'am, I'm so thankful you'vo como f' the girl sobbed. 'My poor master I' She throw open the dining-room door, and thero, his arms flung out on tho table, his head resting on them, sat Alfred Dasson, his hair dishevelled, his boots muddy, his clothes drenched with the rain that, for tho last two or three hours had been falling steadily. Tho opening of the door aroused him ; ho sprang up, beheld Leia, who dew towards him, and they were rapturously clasped in cach other's arms, and Mary closed the door upon them. Then he was safe— unhurt I Oh, Ifcavcu be thanked 1 But where had lie been ? Look ing for hor? Why, what was sho to under stand from that? ' When I left hero,' he explained, ' tho first thing I heard of was the accidcnt that had happened to the train I missed, ami someone told mo that poor Tompkins — you have often heard me speak of him — was ono of the sufferers by it. So I helped to carry him to tho nearest hospital, and then hastened to his wife— sho was staying with friends at liiclimond — broke the news ns well as I could, and took her to him. While ? thus employed, it struck me that my own wife might hear an exaggerated account of ' the affair ; so I wired to the city, excusing myself there, and came homo to find Mary in great distress. You had gone out, she said, looking like a ghost, and accusing hor of having ruined your happiness. You had gone away as if you never meant to return, and I havo been rushing from place to place over sinco I heard this to find my darling, and entreat hor to return to mo. I have but just como homo, so worn out with fatigue and misery that I could hold up no longer.' _ Leia insisted on deferring herexplanations till he had changed the wet garments in which he was shivering. Need wo say that they were satisfactory, or that the anxious hours spent by both husband and wife taught them that in wedded lifo even 'a tiff' Bhould be care fully avoided I 