A Bushman's Reminiscence. Here is the sport; lierc let us camp: The creek sings low; the wattles .sigh; And from the far-off misty swamp Resounds the curlew's wailing cry. Tarn loose the horses; let them graze: And light the camp-fire's ruddy glow; From, out the brushwood's tangled ways Steal shadowy forms of long ago. Tils is the spot. Tec years have passed; Ac-1 chance has brought me back once more To where my lot in life** as cn.rt For joy and woe in days of yore. The CrcDurcs bright; dark shadows sway Around us vrithTtbe leaping fiame6, Like ghosts of that departed 'lay, 4 "Whose power to-night znv mem'hy claims, Old man, two faithful chums we've been * Through many a -wild and reckless year; Stanch unites in many n boisterous scene, Handfost through danger, sin, and fear. 3ft* life is drawing to an end; Yet ere its close I'd like to tell This yarn to you, my trusty friend, , Of ono I loved, God knows how well i, . Methonght to-night I saw her stand As when her form first met mino eyes— A wattle blossom in her hand, Her sweet face flushed with shy surprise. All day I'd ridden far and wide Through barren scrub, o'er breezy down, And drew mv rein at eventide Beside these waters golden-brown. She stood amid this wattle grove. The sunset on her gleaming hair, Alissome creature made for love; With dusky eyes and visige fair. What matter that her speech was rough, What matter that her birth was low; "Wo loved—nh, was not that enough For passing bliss and lasting woo! Disowned by all uiy kith and kin. What was their ancient name to me! I could not deem my love a sin III this bright land of liberty. ' I weary you—it boots not now To tell you how I loved and lost. I scarce remember when and how Her father's will our wishes crossed. The springtide wattles were in bloom When first we met.. We met to part Beneath a sky whose wintry gloom Hatched well the sorrow of the heart. To-night it all comes back again: Her clinging arms, hersoboing tones, The sullen sky, the drizzling rain, The breeze that through the swamp oak moans. Her grave is far from here; no tracer Save yonder hearthstone, bare and cold, Is left to-day to mark the place: Where stood her father's hut of old. No trace is left of love's sweet dream. That filled this spot with beauty wild; But memory sheds a lurid gleam O'er ruined ioj* by hope beguiled. —Town mxi Country Journal. Question of the Dat.—Mrs. "Wistful: " What happy people you are, to have six nice daughters ! What resources foryour old age!" Mr. Quiverful: " Yes, resources enough! But the difficulty; nowadays, consists in husband ing one's rei-ources."—Punch. His Last Legs.—Baron Alfred Tennyson, having retired from the poetical business, is about to 6tart a new lease of public life as a god-father to baby colonies. A new English settlement is shortly to be established in the region of the Cape of Good Hope. It will be peopled by a number of selected families, taken from one of the southern counties in England. The first party was to start in J one. The new settlement is to be called " Tenny son," after the poet •laureate, who for many , j-ears past has taken a great* interest in the bouth African colonics. 