THE TOMFOOLERY IN ORANGE LODGES. AN AMUSING EXPOSURE IN COUKT. During the hearing of an action in tbe Liver pool Consistory Court, before Chancellor Espin (says a London paper, June 22), in which a nura be.v of parishioners of the church of St. Mark, in that city, charged tho Vicar of the parish, tho Eev. S. Rogers, with having disturbed the paro chial burying- ground and tha bones of the dead there interred, and divers other charges of an ECce8BOi'y character, it transpired that what are called ' Habitation chests' of the Loyal Orange Institution Lodges were placed in the church. The Chancellor said that something was said about there being chests connected with an Orange Lodge in the church. Mr. Eogers said that the chests were all old ones. The Chancellor: What do they contain? Mr. Eogers : Bible3 and portions of the Prayer Book, and some collects reprinted from the Prayer Book. Mr. Lowndes : Are there not arches ? Mr. Eogers : Yes, little mahogany arches, on which are written passages of Scripture taken from the Word of God. When an Orange meet ing is opened, prayers are said, and the Bible is read and laid on the table. Mr. Horridge: Is there anything else in the chests ? Mr. Eogers : Yes, a crown. Ths Chancellor : A crown ? Mr. Eogers : The crown represents the Queen's crown, and is placed upon the Bible during the service when we hold our meetings. The Chancellor : That is something new. Mr. Lowndes : Are there not some swords ? Mr. Horridge : Let us know all that is in the chests. The Chancellor : We have had selections from the Bible and Prayer Book, arches with texts, and then a crown placed upon the Bible. What else P Mr. Eogors : Then we have a little regalia, which is worn as Masons wear theirs when the lodges sit. The Chancellor : Is any regalia worn by your self ? Mr. Eogers : Yes, as I am a chaplain o£ the order. The Chancellor : Have you worn any regalia in the church ? Mr. Eogers : I have worn my badge two or three times in the church, at gatherings there. The Chancellor : I think the ornaments rubric does not contemplate that, or allow it. Mr. Eogers : Well, I may say that it is a sort of coloured stole only. The Chancellor : I am not prepared to affirm that a coloured stole is legal or illegal, because I am not going to affirm anything on the subject. I understand you have an orange stole and that you sometimes wear it. Have you many orange stoles ? Mr. Eogers: Not many; we are but a small number. Mr. Lowndes : You all wear orange stoles ? Mr. Eogers : Yes. Mr. Lowndes : What else ia there in, the chests «J Mr. Chancellor : Is there anything else ? Mr. Bogers : There are three little candlesticks The three little candlesticks represent the Trinity —God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Ghost. The candlesticks are used on special occasions. Of course, I am revealing a good deal, Mr. Chancellor. The Chancellor : The question is— are they the proper things in the church ? Candlesticks are sometimes objected to in the church. I have heard a great deal of objection to them. Mr. Eogers : But they are very small candle flfciclrs lhe Chancellor : Candlesticks are candlesticks, small or large. Have you any swords ? Mr. Rogers : Oh, yes, we have some swords. They are very blunt. The Chancellor : I am very glad to hear that. Tou might be in some danger from having five chests of arms there. Mr. Lowndes : Are there some banners ? Mr. Eogers : No. Mr. Lowndes : Sow many swords are there f Mr. Rogers : About one sword in each box. The Chancellor : It is well that it is so. There might be a magazine. Tou have no powder ? Mr. Rogers: No. The Chancellor : And no guns, of course ? Mr. Rogers : No. The Chancellor : Tou would want your place insured if you had. 