ESK. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.J The School of Arts committee meeting, this month; was remarkably well attended. The following mem here were present:--Melars. D. 11. M'Peonel (presi dent), P. Clifford, T. C. Davey (vice presidents), J. M. Chailld. C. Wallace, B. J. Clunue, W. G. H. hBouddt, E. Broad, H. Day: J. M'Farlane, and S. Marquis. Mr. Ilouddt was appointed convener of the entertainment comnmnittee. It was unaimonously resolved to endeavour, by aid of au entertainment arnd free distribution of public notices in conspicuous parts of the township, to inaugurate educational classes, in the Young Men's Christian Association's room, for youths desirous of.-elf- improvement. The Y.Mf C.A. having craved to attract the moijority of those, who first started it, and their room being ad jacenot and at the disposal of the School of Artscoin mittee, it was unanimously agreed to hold the classes there. On Friday last a free concert, in the Oddfelldws' Hall, was very fairly attended by a large number of the townspeople. The first part of the programme opened with a nigger farce, " A Pugilistic Servant Wanted." The characters were taken by Messrs. English and R. Thorn. Very great amusement was cannused by the ridiculous makeaup of the coloured gentleman employer and theeervant whoeatisfactorily performed the duties of the situation. After a piano forte duet, Mrs. Markwell kindly favoured the com pany with two songs-and responded to a hearty encore-accompanied, on the pianoforte, by Miss lurmoan. who also eang very sweetly. Mr, J. Pryde likewise cnutlibuted a solo. accompanied by tlise Mabel Thorn. Mrs. Boundt also sang, accompanied by Mrs. Markwell, and Messrs. T. Pryde and J. Davidson each gave capital recitations, which were received with load applause. "The Showman's Courtship," by Mr. T. Pryde, took remarkably well. During tihe interval between first and second parts Mr. D. R. .'Couunnel referred to the object for which the concert was givenu-viz., the inauguration of the educational classes in connection with the Esk Snlhool of Arts. He dwelt for some time on the advantages of education, anld quoted fromn biogra phies of self-made men, proving the old adage that knowledge is power. He referred to the late I'residen, G ;rlieli and Lincolo, of the United States, and others,who had in?.u fromn the people by virtue of their own exertioas, in pursuit of kuowledge and education, to become rulers aimongst men. ' He trusted the classes established would be availed of by any young men desirous of improving their minds, and acquiring knowledge likely to be of advantage to them in life. It there were any such in Esk, they should not hesitate about giving their names to the secretary. so that the masters, Messrs. Clarson and English, who had generously agreed to devote one night each per week. would see that their offer was appreciated by the young men of Esk. Tihe second part of the progr.mine was then pro ceded with. tile performers being Messrs D. H. B. Enghlih, Thus. Prlde, R. Thorn, and G. Shipley. Flre I.rce was enltitled "Grandmother's Ghost," and coeated great fun. Mr. 1'. C. Darey, vice-president, pi opsed a vote of trhaunk to the ladies and gentle. men who had kindtt, given their services and this was carried by acclamation. A vote of thanks to the chalrmoau, Mr. M'C noel, having been accorded. tne National Authem concluded a very pleasant eveuing' aamnuoealent. Later. The classes were commenced, on Tuesday, in the rYoung Men's Christian Assoieation room, and were attended by about a diz-n young fellows, evidently is leat earnest :bou tal:king n lv?,tge of the newly. .·I:! ?Cnestiuaal elie'ile. bloNe re expec:ad to June 20. 