THE OUTLAWS OF TUN STALL FOREST:* .A -ROMANCE OF THE OLD WORLD' . aBrROBERTtLOUIS STEVENSON, 'aAut a ho c'i^"resure leed," Etao. 0B K :BO 'L.. THE TWO. LADS. L AI'TER .V. . y: LOODT .A TOE HUNTER.' The lads lay quiet tillbthe:laet folottep had "-melted en the wind; Then they arose, and with many an ache, for they were weary with constraint, olambered through the rains, and -recroseed the ditch upon the ratter, Matcham hasd" picked up the windac aodwent first, Dick following stiffly, with his cross-bow on his arm, hi:And now,'" said Matcham, 'forth to ' Holrywood.' S'To Holywood I' cried Dick,' when good -?ellows stand shot ? Not I. .I would see you hbasged first, Jack,' S'Ye would leave me,;would ye e?' Matcham' acked. Ayr, by my sooth,' returned Dick. ' An I be nAt in time to warn these lade, I will go die with them;. What, would ye have me leave my own men that I have lived among ? I trow not, Give me my windac.' • ' But there wase nothing 'further from ,atcham'a mind. S'Dick' he said, 'ye aware before the saints that ye would see me safe to Holy. wood,. Would ye be foresworn ? Would you Nay, I aware for the best,' returned Dick' I meant it, too-but nuw I But look ye, Jack, turn again with me. Let me but warn theee men; and, if needs must, stand shot with them; then shall all be clear, and I will on again to Holywood and purge mine Soath,' 'Ye but deride me,'.answered Matcham, 'These men ye'g to osucour are the same Dick scratched his head. 1 cannot help It, Jack,' be said. ' Here is no remedy, What would ye Ye crn no Sgreat peril, mane and thees are in the way of .death, Deathr . he added 'Think 'of it, What a murrain do yekeep me here for? -Give me the winda. Saitnt George I shall they all die I' R'ichard Shelton,' said Matrham, looking Shim qlahrel in the face,' woeld ye then join party with Sir Daniel? Have ye not ears ? 'eard ye not this l lte, what he said? or have ye no heart for your own kindly bloc band the father that men oslew Harry d 'Shelron," oe said; aend Sir Harry Shelton was your father, as the snc shinee in heavene,' 'What would ye?' Dick cried again. SWould ye have me credit thieves I' ' Nay, I have beard it before sow,' retrned NMeham. .'The fame goeth currently it Swas SirDaniel slew him. He slew him -onder oath in his own bouse he shed the innocent blood. Heaven wearies for the a.vengig .n't; end you-the man's, son .neoaboutto comfort and defend themug. ' ' Jack ' ried the lad ' I know not. It M be ; what know . . But asee here . man.heth bred me up and ostered me .nd ida men I have hunted with and played ,,among; and to leave them in the hour of peril-- mae if I did that, I was stark dead to hohouh For certainly thisnld kilndness ,lndeth mere straitly than an oath. And to live friends with men, what is that but a gsat oath-unspoken, bht yet God shall hear ite Nay, Jack, ye wonld not ask it; ye w.ould not wish me to be base.l 'But your father, Dick' saidu Matcham somewhat wavering, ' Your father- and your oath tome I Ye took the saints to witness.' 'My father,'. cried Shelton, ' Nay he would have me go. If Sir Daniel slew him, when the ho comes this hand shall slahy 'Sir Daniel ; but neither him nor his will I deert in poril. And'for mine oath, good Jack ye ehab absolve me of it, here. For the lives' sake of many men that hurt you not, and for mine honour, ye shall set me oree.' pr .o o o SI, 'Dick? Never I' returned Mateham ! n?yeleave me, y' are freswomn, and so shall declereit.' ' My blood heat, said Dick, ' Give me 'the windo -- ive it me I' S'I'll not,' sd Matchsm. ' I eave you in your teeth,' - o 'Not I'- said Dick. ' I'll make you I' Sy Ib t,'l sad the other. \- They stood looking in each other's eyes, each ready for asprinr. Then Dickleaped, nod though- atcbbam turned instantly and ged, in two bonede he was overtaken, the windac was twisted from his grasp, he was thrown roughly to the ground, and Dick stood'across him, hflushed and menacing, with doubled fist. It was over in three seconds. Matcham was a baby in the hbands of bls companion, and he lay wherehe had alien, with his face in the grass, not chinking of resistance. Dick bent his bow. 'I'd teach you I' he cried fiercely. ' Oath or nooath, ye may go hang for me,' And he turned and began to ran, Matcham was on his feet at once, and he began ran ning aftier him, 'What dye want?' cried Dick stopping. 'Whit make ye after me ? Stand off I' 'will follow aa I please, said Matoham. 'This wood is free to me.' 'stand hack, by'r lady l' returned Dick, railing his bow. Ahb, y' are a brave boy 1' retorted Maetoham. Dick lowered his weapon in some - con. 'fusion; 'See there,' he said, ' Y' have done me ill enough. o then. ao your way in fair wise; or whether I will or not, I must even 'drive you to it,' 'well,' said Katcham doggedly, ' y' are thetrongear. Do your worst. I shall not leave to follow thee, Dick, ' unless thouen makest me,' headded. Dick was almost beaside'hlmeelf. It wents eagainst his heart to beat a creanture no delenceless, and for the life of him he knew no otbrway to rid himself of this:unwel. Come and, as he began to think, perhaps ntrme oompanton. '1' are mad, I think,' he cried. "'Fool fellow, I am bhasting to your fobe ; as fast as foot can carry me go I thither.' - 'I ocaenna, Diok,' replied thelad., 'I y' aesbokud to die, Dick, I'll die too. I would Uevr go with you1 to prison , than to go free without you.' Well, 'returned the other, 'I may stand ~nlToer prating. Follow me, if ye most; but Itye play me false, it shall but little advance yonu mark pe chat.' Shall have a quarrel In thne lawardes, boy.' S o saylnr Dick took once more to his heels, keeping in the margin of the thicket, and looking brisklp ahout him as he went. At a trood pace be rattled out nf the deli, and msO scala into toe more open qenrer of the wood. To the left a little eminence appeered spotted with golden gorse, fnd C-owosd withl a black tuft of firs. I shall see from there,' he thought, and strluck for it acroes a heabthy clearing. e haLd gone buts few yards, when \- -atohbm touched him -on the arm, and P.loted, To the eastward nl-the summit \- heesr wse a dip and, as it were, a vallse Sassang i thethe other side; the heath was not yes out all theground was rsly, like - ac on'eoered heckler, and dotted sparingly ith tews•;ard there' one following another, Dic s aw half 550,0s s orte irerins m,,unt ins she ascont, and marching at their head, coneipluoucs by his boarespear, Eills Duck. I wonlhro person. O,,e after another gained the top, seowed fr a moment alcalust the ty and then dlpvsd open the-further side, sa t~ 'be lass was gone. tlub looked at Matcham with a kindlier \- 'So' ae Co be tru~e to m'Jsck ' 'he ktMi. -'1 thouaht ye were of the other \- -atham beesa, to sb- ' - -, 'Webt cheer,? cried Dick, .' Now the salota behold ). would "you snivel f hue hrt me"' Ihbrd Matcsham, 'Ye b.,tmowhez ? thrms meadown, Y' are '-.Ney, that is fool's talk,' said Dick, 'loughly. .'y 'b'ad-,n, title to my windai, lerer John I would 'a' done right to have tee ce' sad on Is ye go with me, ye mase • a-atcham had hil' a thought to stay ?hind. hat sesine 'hat Dick cotlinued to -'warrl-, t.wR,|e tee emiee.8?, ane not tumock as looked across his shoulder, he -oon thooeht better of thai, and becanro rn0 Is torn. Bt? the grone'n was very eif8Felbse andte D'ck had already a ong 'bat, and hbd.eat'dlt rtee. the lighter heels, -?u ne hrd I ng lees come to the sammlt, crawled rorward' 'broah the- firee, and "'lsoonsed himstlf ios etbog tut: oi e nree t.o refl?cbm Pantnlg like a deer. !lOlued him, sad' lay down inilenos bhi' sis Below, in -the bhtom of a conslderable d?mthor, b ~ o •· ·.·rm u r:L • valley, the short cut from Tanotall hamlet wound downwards to the ferry. It was well seaten, and the eye followed it easily from point to point. Here it was bordered by open glades; there the forest closed upon It; every hndred yards it ran beside an embueh. Yet, as far as the eye showed, the wjods were empty of all human presence. Only far down the path, the son shone o seven steel ealets, and from time totime, as the treeeopened, Selden and his man could be seen riding briskly still bent upon Sir Daniel's mission. The wind had somewhat faflen, but still tussled merrily with the trees, and, perhaps, had Appleyord been thore, he would have drawna warning from the troubled cond uc of the birds. 'Now, mark,' Dick whispered ' They be already well advanced into the wood ; their safety lieth rether in oontinoing forward. But see ye where this wide glade ranneth down before us, and in the midst of it, these twosoeore trees make like an island There weretheir safety. An they but can come sound as far as that, I wilt make shift to warn them. But my heart migveth me ; they are but seven against so many, and they but carry cross- bowe. The longebow, Jack, will have the upper' most ever, But ye spoke of parties. Well, there be your foes that hunted for ye ; prithee,where noew is your enmity f They are but seven poor Christian men, as tender In the flesh as you or me, wincing at a blew ; and now are the cruel arrows drawn that shall tranepierca them. Come, Jack, do ye hate them? I trow not. Pray me a prayer for theirpoor soane; for thepang shall come upon them briefly.' And while both lade fell to prayer, Seldon and his men stilt wound up the path, ignorant of their danoer,, and momently drew nearer hand. Once, indeed, they passed,drewinto a group, andseeemed to point and lidten. But it was something from faer away across the plain that had arrested their attention-a hollow growl of cannon that came, from time to time, upn thebs wind, and told of the great battl. It wase worth a thought to be sure ; for if the voice of the big guns were thus become audible in TAuntall Forest, the fight meet have rolled ever eastward, and the day, by consequence, gone ore against Sir Doniel and the lords of the dark rose. tt presently the little troop began again to move forward, and came next to a very open, heathy portion of the way, where but a single tongue of forest ran down to join the read. They were but just abreast of this, when an an?ow shone flying, Oer of the men threw up his arms, his horse reared, and both feU and struggled together in a mass. Even from where thebs boys lay they could hear the rumour of the men's voioes crying out ; they could se the startled horses prancing, and, presently, as the troop begas to recover from their firt surprise one fellow beginning to dismount. A second arrowfrom somewhat further off glanced in a widearcb; a second rider bit thelduet. The man who was diemountin lost hold upon the rein, and his horse fled galloping, and dragged him by the font along the road,l bamping from stone to stone, and battered by the fleeing hoofs. The four who still kept the eadfle instantly broke and scattersd; one wheelsd and rode, shrieking, towards the ferry; the other three, with loose rein and flyong raiment, came galloping p the road from Tonstal. From every clamp thebsypassed an arrow sped. Soon a hore fell, but the rider found his feet and continued to pursoue hi comrades till second shot despatched him, Another man fell; thn another horse ; ut of the whole troop ther was but one fellow left, and he on foot; only in different directions, the noise of the galloping of three rideleselhoree was dying fast into the distance. All this time not one of the easailents had for a moment shown himself. Here and there along the path, hores or man rolled andespetohed, in hie agony ; but no merciful enemy broke cover to pat ,them from their The solitary survivor stood bewlldsrsd in the road beside his fallen csarger. He had oome the length of that bread glade with the Island o' timber, pointed out by Dick. He was nots; perhaps, five hundred yards from where the boys lsy hiddsn ; and they could see him plainly, looking to and fro in deadly expectatlon. But nothing came ; and the man began to pluck up his courage, and suddenly unslung and beant his bow. At the same time, by something in his action, Dick reognleed Belden, At this offer of resistance, from all about him in the covert of the woods there went up toe sound of laughter. A score of men, si lears, far this was the very thickest of the ambush, joined in this crutel and untimely mirth. Then an arrow glanced over Selden's shoulder and he leaped and ran a little hack. Another dart struck quivering at his heel. Be made for the cover. A third bshaft leaped out right in his face, and fell short in front of him. And then the laughter was repeated loudly, rising and re-echoing from different thickets. It was plain that his assailants wesre but baiting him, as men, in those days, baited the poor ball, or as the eat still trifles with the monse. The skirmish was well over; further dawn the road, a fellow in green was already calmly gathering the arrows ; and now, in the evil pleasure of their hearts, they gave themselves the spectacle of their poor fellow sinner in his torture. Selden began to undercstand ; he uttered a loud roar of angsr, shouldered his cross bow, and sent a quareel at a venture into the wood. Chance favoured him, for a slight cry re sponded. Then, throwing down his weapon, Selden began to ran before him up the glade, and almost in a straight line for Dick and ,fateham. The companions of the Black Arrow now began to shoot at him in earnest. Bat they were properly served' their chance had past ; most of them had now to shoot against sthe sun ; sns Selden, as he ran, hounded from side to side to baffle and dsoeleve their aim. Beet of all, by turning up the glade he had defeated all their preparations ; there were no marksmen poeted higher up than the one whom be had just killed ur wounded; end thebs confusion of the foresters' eoonsela soon beosme apparent. A whistle sounded thrice, and then again twice. It wa repeated from another quarter. The woods on either saids bscame full of the sound of people bursting through the underwood; and a bewildered deer ran nout into the open, stood for a second on three feet, with nose In air, sod thee plonged again into the thiocket. Belden still ran, bounding; ever and again an arrow followed him, but still would minl. It began to appear as if he.might escape. Dick had hin bow armed, ready to support him; even Matcham, fergaetful of hisl te rest, took sides at heart for the poor furl. tie ; and both lads glowed and trembled in thsardour ef their hearts. Be was wlthinfifty yard of them, when an arrow struck him and be fell, He was up again, indeed, open the ioestant: but now be ran staggering, and, like a blind man, turned aside from bie direcltion. Die? leaped to' his.feet and waved to him. h ere I' e cried. This way I hebare Ife help I Nay run, fellow-run i', Be jnst then a second arrow struck Selden in the shoulder, between the plates of hisa belgandlne, and, piercing through bin jack, btoutht him, like a stones to earth. '0 the poor heart cried , Mateham, wIth elasped hands, - And Dick stood petrified upon the hill, a mark for arohery. Ten to ons he bad-speedily been shot-for obe toreatens ware furious with themeivtes, and taken unawares by Dink's appearance isn the rear of their position--but insantlyi, out 'if squarter of the wood sorprialngly near to the two lade, a etentorlan volts arose, the voloe of Elll Duekworth. H'old ' It roared, 'Shoot nutl Take hIm alive I It is young Soelton--Harry's A-.d Immediately after a thrill whistle sounded several times, and was again tkeu no?:nd repated further off. The wbistle, it apeared, was John Amend.All'a beetle trumpet, by.whieb he published his direr. foulfortune,' cried Die, ' We are ndone. Swiftly. Jack. Comeswiftlly' And thegairturued and ran baok through the open pIne clump that covered the summltI of lbs btll. ' /< CHAPTER VI. TO TuO DAT'S END. I wai indeed high time for them to run. -o every, side the company of the Blork Arrow was making for the bill. Some benog heter runners or having open ground to ron upon, had far outetipped the othern, and were already obloe upon the goal; some followlng valleys, had spread out to right and left, and outflanked the lade on either aide. Dick plunged into the nearest cover. It wai a tall grove of oak., firm under loot, end clesr of underbrusheb, sand e it lay down hill, ohey made gRood speed. There lollowed exn a pieeas of open, which Dick avoided, holdinga to hi. left. Two minuten after, nnd the same ohotacle arising, the lode followed the came O are. . Tno?e It flloed that, while" the lase, bending continually, to the left, drew nearer' and nearer to the hiah road and the river which they had crossed an. hoet or two belore, the great baul of their purauers were leaning to the otharohand, and running tiwards Tunstall. The lade paused to breathe, There was so soand of parsnit. Jock put his ear to the ground, and still thore was nothing ; but the wind, to be sure, still made a tar. molt in the trees, and It wae hard to make certain, ' On again,' said Dick ; and tired as they were, and fatcham limping with his injured foot, they pulled themselves together, and once more pelted down the hill. Three minutes later they were breasting through a low thicket of evergreen. High overhead the tall trees made a continoosu roof of folarge, It was a great pillared grove, aes high ae a cathedral, and except for the hollies among which the eds were struggling, open and smoothly swarded, Oathe other side, pushing through the last fringe of evergreen, they blundered forth again into the open twilight of the grove. , Staod I' cried a voice, And there, between the huge stems, not fifty feet before them, they beheld astout fellow in.green, sore blown with moorunning who instantly drew an arrow to the head and covered them. Matcham stopped with a cry; buhat Dick, without a pause, ran straight upon the torester, drawing his dagger as he went, The other, whether he was startled by the daring of the onlanoht, or whether he was hampered by his orders, did not shoot ; he stood wavering ; and before he ad time to to come to himself, Dick, with a great cry, hounded athis tlroat, and senthim sprawling backward on the torf, The arrow went one way and the bow another with a sounding twang, The disarmed forester grappled his seeailant but the daggar shone and descended twice. Then came a couple of groane, and then Dick rose to his feet again, and the man lay motionless, stabbed to the heart. 'On,' said Dink ; and he once more pelted forward Matoham trailing in the rear. To say truth, they made bet poor speed of It by now laebouring dismally as they ran, and catching for their breath like fish, Matcham had a cruelstitch, and his head swam ; and as for Dick, his knees were like lead. But they kept up the form of running with undiminished courage. Presently they came to the end of the grve. It toped abruptly and there, a fewyards befoare them, was the highroad from tKisingham to Shoteby, lying at this point, between two even walls of forest. At the sight Dick paued and as oon as he stopped rensing, he became aware of a confused noes, which rapidly grewlonder. It was at first like the rush of a very high gust of wind, bat soon s It becamemore definite, and resolved itself into thegalloping of horses ; and then, like a flash awhole company of neat-starSm came driving round the corner, swept before the lade, and were gone again o pon the instant. They rode as for their lives, in complete disorder ; some of them were wounded ; riderless horses atl. loped at their side with bloody saddles. They were plainly fugtived from the great battle, The noise of their nassage had scarce begun to die away towards Shoerbyl before fresh hoofs came echoing in their wake, and another deserter clattered down the read ; this time a- single rider and, by his pleandid asmour, a man of high doe Rse. Close after him there followed several baggegewaggons, fleeing at an ungainly canter, the drivers flailing at the horses s it for life. These mst have run early in the day; hut their cowardice was not to save them, For just before they came abreast of where the lads stood wondering, a man in hacked armour, and seemingly beside himself with fory overtook the waggons, and with the truncheon of a sword, began to cut the drivers down, Some leaped from their places and plunged into the wood ; the others he sabred as they sat, cursing them the while for cowards in a voice that was Icarce human. All this time' the notee n the distance had continued to increase ; the rumble of carte, the clatter of horses, the cries of men, a great confused rumour, came swelling on the wind ; and It was plain that the rou of a whole army was pouring, like an intndation, down the road Dick stood sombre. He had meant to follow the highway till the turn for Holy. wood and now he had to ohaege his planb But above all, he had recognaised the colours of Earl Rieingham, and he knew that the battle had gone finally against the rose of Lancaster, Had Sir Daniel joined, and was he now a fugitive and ruined I or had he deserted to the aide of' York, and was he forfeit to honour 1 It was an ugly choice. 'Come,' he said, sternly : and, turning on his heel, he began towalk forward through the grove, with Maltohasm limping in his rear. For mome time they contisnued to thread the forest in silence. It was growtog late' the sun wase setting in the plain beyond IKettley; the tree tops overhead glowed golden; but the shadows had begun to grow darker and the chill of the night to fall. 'If there were anything to eat l' cried Dick, suddenly, panuseing as he spoke. IMatcham sat down and began to weep. ' Ye can weep for your own supper but when it was to save men's lives, your heart was hard enough,' said Dick, tontempltu. eausly. ' y 'ave seven deaths upoon your conscience, Master John; I'll ne'er forgive yoe that.' Conscience l' cried Matcham, looking fiercely up. .'Mine I and ye have the man's red blood nponyour daggerl And wherefore did ye slay him, the poor soul ? He drew his arrow, hat he let et fly irhe held yoa in his hand, and spared you I'TiTees breve to kill a aitten as a man that not defends him. self.' DiPk was struckl dumb. ' Il slew him fair, I ran in upon his bow,' he criedr 'It was a coward blow ' returned IMatcham. ' ' are but a lout and bolly, MaeterDick; ye but abuse advsantages; let there comes stronger, we will see you trockle at his boot I Ye care not for vengeance, neither-for yoor father's death that goes unpaid, and his poor ghost that clamoareth for justice, Bat If there come but a poor creature in your hands that lacketh skill and strength, and would befriend you, down shehball go I' Dick wee too furious to observe that 'she,' hMarry r he tcried ' and here is news I Of any two the one will still be stronger. The baetter man throweth the worase and the worea is well served, Ye deserve a hbelting, Master Matoham, for your ttl.gutdaae and nthank. felness to mewsrd ; and what ye deserve ye shalt have.' And Dick, who, even in his aegriest temper, still presseved 'he .apnearance of composure, began to unabuckl his belt. 'Hers shallt be your supper,' he said, grimly b"Maoham had stopped his tears ; ha was os white a a sheet, but he looked Dick steadily in the face, and never moved. Dick took a step, swingilg the belt, Then he paused, embarrassed by the large eyes and the thin, weary face of his companion, His courage began to subside. Say ye were in the wrong, then,' he maid, lamely. 'N a,' said Matoham, 'I was in theright, Come, crnet I oltme ; I be weiry ; I resist not; I ne'ar did thee hurt; come, beat 'me, coward I' ' Dick raised the belt at this last provoca' t 'o bhut Matchem winced and drew him self together with so cruel an apprehension, that his heart failed him yet again. The strap fell by his side, and he stood irreso lute, feeling like afool. SA placue upon thee, shrew 1' he said, 'An ye be so feeble of band, yeehonld keep the closer guard opon oyr tongoe. BSt I'll be haband before 1 beat you I' and he put on his belt again. 'Seat you I wtllt oe.' be tonrinued;' bt forgive you --never.' I knew you not; ye were my master's enemy I lena you my horse ; my dineer ye have eaten ''ave ralled me a man o' wood, • coward, ant a bully, Nay, by the mess I the mrsuue is filled, and runneth over. 'Tic a great thing to be weak, I trow ; ye can do your wrest, yet shall none puni-h yes ; ye may steal a man's weapons in the hour of need, yet may she man not take his own agsin--?y' aer weak, forsooth I Nay, tbro, if ',e cometh ohareing at you with a lance, and olierh he is weak,'vs must let him pierce poor body through I .Tut I fool words I' SAnd yet ye heat me not,' returnee tlateham. ' Let be,' said Dick--'let be, I will en. steeot yo Y' 'ave been ill.naetured, melhfnko, and yet ye have ehe makings of some oeod, nnd, bearod all questlo, esaved me from rhe riter. Nap I hr forgolten it; I am as thankles ase thyself. Sut come, lea I us en. And we be for Holywood this night, ayer. to.morrow earty, we had beet art for. But though Dtik had talked himself bark into hlsensual rood homnur, Matchem had forolvee him nothing. als violence, the recoileotion of the forester whom he had staln --above' ll, the vision of the n?realeed belt werehthinee not easily to be Porotten,[ 'i wilt thank yea, for'the form's sake,' said Mateham, ' But, In sooth, eood Master Shelton, I had Ihenr fnd'my -Way altoee. Here is a wide wood ; prithee, let each chonse his path; I owe yo a dinner and ale ona Fareye well i' 'Nay,' cried Dick,' if that be our tune, a be It, and a plague be with you . Each turned aside, and they began walking off severally, with no thought of the direc. lion, intent solely on their quarrel, But Dick had not gone ten paces ere his name wan called, and Matcham came running after. 'Dick,' he sald, 'it were unmannerly to part so coldly, Here is my hand, and my heart with It. For all that wherein you have so excellentiy Served and helped mn-not for the form, but from the heart, I thankyou. Fare ye right welL' 'Well, lad,' returned Dick, taking tho hand which was offered him, ' ood speed to nou, if speed yon may, But I misdoubt it -brewdly. Y' are too disputatione.' So then they separated for the second time; and presently it was Dick who was runnlng aftler Matcham. aHere,' he said, take my cross bow ; shalt not go unarmed,' 'A cross bow I' said Matcham. 'Nay, boy, I have neither the strength to bend nor yet theskill to aim with it. It were no help to me, good boy. But yetl thank you.' The night had now fallen, and under the trees they could nol;longer noad each other's face. 'I will do some little way with you,' said Dick. 'The night is dark. I would fain leave ion on a path, at least. My mind mio giveth me, y' are likely to be lost.' Without anymoae words, hebegau to walk forward, and the other once more followed him. The blackness grew thicker and thicker; only here and there, in open places, they saw the sky, dotted with small stars. In the distance, the noise of the rout of the Lancastrian arm, still continued to he faintly and'ble ; but with every step they left it further in the rear. At the end of half an hour of silent progress they came forth upon a broad patch of heathy open. It limmered in thelight of the stare, shaggy with fern and islanded with clumps of yew. And here they paused and looked upon each other, I,-, ., y.?.? ' Y' are weary,' Dickanid. I3q'l,'TI..! ' Nay, I am o weary;,' anawered Matoham, that methinke I could lie down and die.' 'I hear the chiding or a river,' returned Dick. 'Let us go so far forth, for I am sore athitet.' The ground sloped down gently ; and, sure enough, in the bottom, they found a mour. mnringriver, running among willows, Here they threw themselves down together by the brink ; and putting their months to the level of a slary pool, they drank their fill. 'Dick,' said atcam, 'it may not be, I can no more' 'I saw a pit as we came down,' said Dick. ' Let an lie down therein and sleep.' 'Nay, but with all my heart I' cried Matcham. The pit was sandy and dry ; a shock of I brambles hung upon on hedge, and made a partial shelter ; and there the two lade lay down, keeping close together for the eake of warmth, .their quarrel all forgotten, And soon sleep fell upon them like a cloud, and under the dew and stare they resated peace fully, .(T on ancoNTluroD.). 