J t, iirtis- s gh | Terror. By J. ClRwrFUD ScoT. Sprfeeiion I am a painter, and it was utte time when I wa an enthusiastic stu ,girtthat the adventae which I am about to narrate befell me One autumn I , staying on the Englih side of the Bor S- i that " Debatable Land " which had formerly bee the scene of so many bloody frays. Among my many ambitions projects of those days I had formed the design of Puntin several pictures representing some o the bt known scenes in the Warerley aovre, and, just a their great author had done, I had left Edinburgh and made a raid inearch of character. I most confess, how. ver,that I was only partially successful. I am conscions now that I lacked the imagination that is necesary for the work I bidundertaken. I had found, as I believed. the ea-ct counterpart of Andrew Fairser vie, btt I had met with no Rob Roy, nor hdI seen Diana Vernon. I had begun to thick that romance was indeed far removed hnm reality, when fortune decreed that I should play a part in events not less strange than those I had met with in fiction. The locaity in which I was residing was wild and bleak in the extreme. The village in which I lodged consisted only of a few small houses, and the larger houses in thin t of the country were few in number and r part. I had formed one very pleasant cqtsirtance in the person of an elderly gentleman of means, who lived about three milae oi His name was Hepburn, and he was both a landowner and a magistrate. ir. Hepborn wua a man of considerable ultore and of much kindliness of heart, and learning that there was an artist ftaying in the rillage he called on me, and a'so invited me to his hose. He was good enough to epress his approval of my pictures, and, as be proved to be an authority on the anti. quari=n subjects which I was studying, a fiendhip quickly sprang up between us. One night, when I was dining with Mr. Hepbrn, a storm, which bad been threaten ig all day, began to break. The wind rose, the rin began to fall, and we could hear the growling of distant thunder. .Mr. Hep. brnproposed that Ishbould remain at bis houme for the night and prol ig a disc.E ionwe had been holding, bat as I did not wish to tresp?es further upon his hospi tality, and I had some work which I wished to finish next morning. I thanked him and roe to depart. 1 had not gone very far from the house when I began to discover that I had made a mistake in coming away, Sit was so dark that I could not follow te moorland path, and the rain was de. sending in torrents. I resolved, therefore to retrace my steps and take advantage of thdkind offer made me by my boat. So I turned and went back in the direction of Mr. Hepburn's house. After walking some time, horever, as I did not reach it, I was forred to come to the unwilling concluoion that I had lost my way. After several vain attempts to discover the direction in which the oee lay, I set off across the moor in order to reach the village, because, althoogh I was no longer on the path. I believe I knew the locality of .he houses sufficiently ell to find them. When I had been walk. ilg for about an hoar I found that I bad completely wandered, and that I had no idea where I was nor what direction I ought to take. The occasional flashes of light. ring that for a moment dispelled the dark. ness did not serve to guide, but rather to confuse me. Had there been shelterof any kind I should have remained in the same Idace till morning, but to remain stationary o: the Eadden ground while the rain was pelting nd the wind buffeting me was im ponible, although I was afraid of falling in to some hole or of stepping into a quag. When I had been walking for nearly maother hour a piece of good fortune befell ne greater than I had hoped for. I came to turnpike road, which with care it was impossibe to lose, and by walking along which I knew I must eventually reach some hoe, or meet someone. I had not gone very far when the first of these anticipat.ons Ws fulfilled, as I came to an avenue leading offthe road, and by following this for about i quarter of a mile I came to a house of large rize, which appeared looming through the darkner?. As I looked I esw ds tinctly a light moving first in one window and then in' another. Nearly worn out with exposure and fatigue, I resolved to ask for thelter. Without much difficulty I found the door, and then I knocked. In the Itillness of the night, or rather early morning, the sound reverberated as though the ho:se were empty. I waited a little, but as no one came I knocked again, and, after a few minutes, a third time. No aswer was given to my summons. I con ldded I was denied admision, I chanced to look upwards, and at thit moment the lightning, which I thought had ceased, ap peared again, and the fash revealed to me thehead of aman, who wua looking out of an open window only a few feet above me. Toe light, which had enabled me to see him had aloa, I sppose, made him aware of the fact that he had been observed, for, imme ditely addressng me.-in a gruff voice, he MUi,." hat do you want here at this hour ? " I have been wandering since ten Oiock on the moore," I replied, " and am 'aloet worn oet with fatigue and expoaare, " that hare be coampelled to apply for shelter." I I'l ome down and let you in," wUA the reply, spoke aa it appeared to me m a leas irritated tone. Presently I heard the sound of the door being onlooked, and thn it waS opened, jastutfficiently wide to ermit me to enter, and was quickly ahat aai. Onlooking at the Maa whohdlet me I concluded tat be was aerraat, He was .bout middle sia, and wore.a i4nc pun auit; his face ?s'apie ald-iotelligeit, aP be o'tdeed ;a littl nov forty, iyon of LP.. Te"a la' Phich' ' i'i ' ' a afol t, iwk it .eoaMiblu na> :te t.at 'li hal s eWas , ida iton ie bE. came a large country mansion, with dgr head and other trophi.ofithcha. ' It is d s" he a aid, tit y a on« in my hnu, oinp t thii a ot , h bt. I have come rad0nd cubi witn. ' red lwe haTe sat hen bLhterihim aell thi? hosew'hi oh Iw 8anfel aim in *nrprtie, b , nlit-ec 1o hia ajaeck, man , nor appw "" wouldlshac aioastinasine to bhneag t atb rttian ;wich»: tbmotrui ethuitely l*Madco munst sdabhfalyi hold. Bidding an fullow, he led thl w.ayn u bhesd ctiar a aond theo tabed an aPtBetno which em d tobe bnad b tho fnaptre ialery ,UamLrar. Theroom WMoh f bi fhio~t tha u.t Ivhroad, but haw fai it erxtnded I tld'l not te wihg to ita size and gaeia a li"' ase AM a~w~.abinin g upon a able, at which were M ad two t men both of whom were ot a diicl l lower jade O of thopprn soe t-h- my oncdatctr. o , be *em.* a "b1' powufl-looking o ellow, afInd'the thar-af oldiah man. eere noeral lott and g eluae on h*.c ud my hbt pared oat t ata. of th r ?. tlnuiugme-siiii wa ichI did. He Polotdtoalate.e r cbaermed «r-chair luteae bee tbesd;~I repliedthrt i Wlo "id.ny wet lothes aught daun.ge the , t which thold man langhed comi e'd brie me ~ka .lls.ths atha t wu asdne. I-made. Bs fnrther ;objtcain. "wa glad torst" *ilat.. I wasa abort tim? rroi the tale adi .the thre.who wrn t ated h it:b into'tfidl' in i low tna.* T° hat .I ouid not 'ovei'lhr what was S.1, Infoq i thal tl4 ehar ill arinking oIt.yt Proiw iorda h.^ s.aw cid then -@ rtwiackilasiaSi n Uuaubjict ofttliir??cn veratio. The young fellow madebome proposal, to which the man who had let me in objected, and I heard the word " No ; we have had enough of that." When he himself made a counter.proposition it seemed to amuse the other two, as they both laughed, apparently giving their consent. Was it possible they were about to make me the subjest of a practical joke I ly fatigue made me somewhat regardless of their de signs, and I hatl almost begun to doze, when I was startled by hbaring one of the most gruesome sounds that ever fell upon my ears. It was a groan, and I could comrnare it to nothing but the mean of some wounded man in his death agony. I started in alarm, and the three men sprang to their feet and looked at each other with expressions of fear. Ap parently they were as ignorant of the cause of this noise as I was myself. There was ab. solute silence for several minutes, while they gazed at each other with questioning looks, and then the Eame terrible sound was heard again, and was, if possible, more awe inspiring than before. The moan seemed to come from some apartment adjacent to that in which we were, and the wretch who had uttered it seemed to have breathed his last, as we heard nothing more. The men Eat down again, filled their glasscs, and began to convers. in low tones. While they were thus engaged, a door, which I had not observed, opened at the end of the gallery, and a tall figure entered shrouded in white. At first I felt no cause for alarm myself, though had I been alone there-would have been soflicient reason for me to be afraid ; but I have never seen abject fear more plainly depicted than it was at that moment on the faces of my three companions. At that unreasonable hour, in the large, dimly.lit room, while the per. traits that hung upon the walls, seen through the gloom, seemed almost to be endowed with life, the apparition that was slowly a tIar.c. ing towards us was sufficiently terrifying, and I began to participate in the dread which the others manifested. The figure was that of a tall, slender woman, whose right haul was stretched towards ns in a warning at? titude, while with her left she held part of her white drapery so as to conceal her face, an action which served to intensify the erue. someness of her nosearanc-, as though it signified that there was still another source of terror in store for us. or that she was hil ing what was too terrible to be revea!el. After standing before us for a few seconds she walked away in the opposite direction to that in which she had come, and with a final gesture of warning d'sappeared amid the darkness. When the apparition had vanished there w as a short silence, and then the oldest man rose. with an oath, and said, "Let us get out of this 1" " First.'said the younces; resolutely, ' we must dispose of himi," indicat. ing me with a motion of his head. There. upon the man I had first seen filled a tumbler with brandy, and, bringing it to me, said, "Drink it off as Iuick as you can." I hesi tated. '" there's nothing w ong with it," he said, taking a mouthful himself, "and you had better do as I tell you," he added, si~ni. ficantly, at the same time produc;ng from the breast of his coat a knife with a long sharp b'ae, on which, to my horror, I saw stains of blood. The other two men bad ap proached. us, and were standlug by his sidein resolute attitudes, prepared, if necessary, to aid him. At that moment of supreme fear -for I am not ashamed to own that i was greatly afraid-it passed through my mind that only a few hours beLfre I had pro. nounced life to be utterly commonplace, and had believed the marvellous to exist only in the brain of the romancer. With the know ledge that !resistance was us:less, I did as I was ordered, and drained the tumbler, which had been placed in my band. It was filled for the second time with the same fiery liquid, and being held to my lips, I was told to drink again. 1 ass scarcely able to obey, but I soon felt tIat the contents of the glass were being poured into my mouth, and then I became unconscious. When I recovered my senses. I found my self stretched upon a rude couch in a place which offered a striking contrast to the scene which was still fresh in my memory. So vividly were the events in which I had last taken part impressed upon my mind that it seemed as if they had occurred only a few minutes before, though, as it was now daylight, many hours must have elapsed. From the smallness of the room where I found myself lying, from the bare walls and floor, and the absence cf furniture, I con cluded I was in a cell of a prison or police station; and my conjecture seemed to be confirmed when, on looking up, I raw near the roof a barred window. All doubt on the matter, if I had any, was seenoo set at rest, when a man in the dress of a constable en tered, accompanied by a gentleman, who looked like a doctor. " Well, my :o n," said the latter on seeing me. " you have got round at last. Let me tell you that you have had a very narrow escape of never being sober again." I did not reply. My head ached badly, and 1 was still par tially dazed and giddy. "I wouldn't make so free, if I were you," said the doctor, jocularly, " with liquor, the next time you get it for nothing." '-He won't have the chance for a few weeks to come," observed the constable, and they both laughed. Some food was brought me, but I felt little inclination to eat. Medicine was then given to me. I felt as tired still as though I had never rest d, and almost at once fell into a deep slumber. Iow long I had slept I did not know, but I was rudely awakened, and, on sitting up, I saw two constables standing beside me. "You take things pretty easy, young man," said one of them. " And why shouldn't I!" I asked brusquely, for I was annoyed by the man's manner. He looked at me in some surprise, and then, taking a newspaper from his pocket, he said. " Per haps you would like to see this morning's paper," and, pointing significantly to a para. grapb, he placed it in my hands, when I read as follows :-" A daring burglary was iepetrated yesterday morning at Solway Part during :'the'-absence f -the noble owner.. About a week ago Lord Tweeds mau and family went to London,. and the onise was left s the care of two rer'ants, both' of the greatest fidelity, the one a young man and the other an elderly house. keeper, who has been in the serrice of the family for nearly forty year. Upon tha man servant a murderous attack was made, and, although the wretches evidently left him for dead, hpes are-now entertained of his ultimate recovery. He was first render ed insenoibhl by a -blowsrioth head, and then stabbed by some sharp weapon.- We regret to state that the housekeepei was found dead. No marki of violencs can be disorarsed, and it is spposd that the ageni domestic suchnoaibedto fear as her heart is known to have been affected, There is abundant evidence that a gang of burglars have bedn concerned "i th dasta·rdly ont rage. We are happy to state that one of them has aleady fallen into the hinds of justice, and it is to be hooped that the rest will also be speedily apprehended. The thieves- sncoaeded i obtaininog a quan tiy of -wine and spirits, to which they seem to have freely helped themselees. In the midst of their orgiea they seem sud. denly to ave been scared, and to have de camped quietly, leavings , behind them one of their number in a rhelples state o.f intoxi cation. This fellow is at preslnt lying in the district jail, and is quste unknown to the police.: Owing to the quantity of spirits he has consumed his condition is proononed tobe very dangeronus, btin the mterests of justice it is to be hoped that he will recover. Our reporter has seen him in his unconious state, and pronounces him to be a young man of siot very robust frame, but of a very desperate and abandoned azptnsion? The aine of the property stolsi amounts to not les thm fotji tls~?and pounds?. telegram has teen receivid-'from Load Tweedsmnir offering a reward'oef a thousand1'pounds for the apprehension of the thieves, and the re. covery of several valuable heirlooms which he specifies, and of which mention is made of elsewhere. Owing to the absence of the ladies of the family, none of Lady Tweed. muir's celebrated juwels were in the house at the time of the robbery. Just beforegoing to press his lordship's agent has broagbt us a list of the missing articles, which we pub lish, in the hope that in this way the ends of justice by leading to the detection of the other burglars. 1. A valuable collection of ancient Scottish gold and silver coins. 2\. The medals and other decorations of General Tweedemir, whioh he obtained in the Peninsula War when he commanded the regiment of the Royal Borderers. Also the jewel-hilted sword, whi : was pre sented by the Countess of Northumberland to the General on his elevation to the peer age. 3. Silver plate to the amount of about a thousand pounds. 4. Some rare curios and uncut gems. A mere detailed list will be? published in our next issue.'t When I had linished reading this I laid down the paper and was about to speak, when one of the policemen said, " Look alive now, for you have only time to dress and have a mouth. fal of breakfast, when you must go before the Bench." " Surely," I exclaimed, in dignantly, "You don't take me for one of the burglar." " Oh no, not at all; of course not." was the ironical reply. " I wandered, and came to the door asking for shelter, and they let me in. I know nothing whatever of them." " Look sharp. There is no time for your story. You will have a chance of telling it presently." I saw that by saying more I would only expose myself to ad ditional insult, as I held my peace. At the time, though not now, it seemed sir.gular to me that I was not believed at once. On entering the Cmurt, and looking towards the Bench, the first person I saw was my friend Mr. Hepburno. He was, of course, greatly astonished to see me. I learned afterwards that people had been searching the moors for me all the previous day. The place was crowded by people who had come to see one of the partici pators in the famous burglary. The conscious ne,'s of innocence made me very bold, and I to!dmy story clearly, when I was at once discharged. Mr. HIepburn corroborated the fact t:a: I had dined with him. Iwent into an anteroom to speak to Mr. Hepburn, as there was no other case to ie heard that day. The head constable, a detective in plain clothes, and several others came crowding around to l'arn all I could tell regarding the appearance of the thieve. " Bring me a sheet of white paper and a pencil," was the reply. Toen when I had obtained what I sought, while the spectators stood by my side and looked over my shoulder, with rapid touches I began to dra tlhe facec of the men I had seen. I was doing the very work to which I had devoted my life, but never before had my pencil moved so rapidly or so deftly, and as the faces seemed to rise from the paper I felt as one inspired. Ex clamations of surprise wh;ch I heard on all sides moved me :o further effort. Onoe man, him whom I had first seen, I drew several times, bring out the expressions of cunning, fear, and cruelty I had noted in his features, and which were engraved upon my mind. \'hen at last I looked up I saw only Mr. Hepburn and the chief constable. "Has any one recognised them ?" I asked eagerly. " You have proved so good an artist," was the constable's reply "that if they are not already apprehended they cannot possibly escape long." It was the greatest praise my art had ever received. I do not think it has gained any greater since. It turned out that all the men were well known, though no clues whatever had been obtained till I lent my aid. The man who was evidently ringleader had at one time been in business a a a at.hmaker, but had lost his money in gambling. and had thus sunk into eel courstes; the youngest had formerly been a gamekeeper in Lo.d Tweed muir's employment; and the oldest had at one time been a professional burglar, and it was supposed it was through his aid that the others hal effected an entrance into the house. When their trial came off all were sentenced to penal servitude for life. The man aervwnt, notwithstanding the fact that he had been left for dead, ultimately recovered. The groans we herd had doubt less proceeded from him. Regarding the apparition, the explanation is not so certain. Some imagined that the faithful old servant, being aware that it was rumorel that the house was haunted, had personified the ghost in order to scare away the burglars, and that the effect had proved tcomuch for her and had cost her her life. Others, more superstitious. asserted that, though she bore no marks of violence, she had actually been smothered by the miscreants, and that it was her ghost in truth that had appeared. Mr. Hepburn was as anxious as myself to clear nptbemystery, and in my company had an interview after the trial with the man who had been game. keeper, and who knew the housekeeper well. This man assured us that the spectre that had stalked along the room was nearly a head taller than the old servant. What my own opinion is respecting this matter I would rather not state, lest I should be pronounced to be silly and superstitious. But the reader, who has now all the facts bofore him, is qualified to form an opinion for himself. 