IMovdtet* A Case of Mesmeric Influence. BT EC Iff orACKESZI*. A few years ago, while sojourning liile in Florence, 1. became greatly interested in a lady whose countenance struck' me'as peculiarly sad. She was beautiful and wealthy, with a devoted husband and two lovely children, apparenjlyvhod,>A£ijyfhi’;g .to„,m!jkv rv ' -“’>a:;u' fit u.-.ies hcr.eyesTv.vi: .•soaiaaccrot;t<>rrpiy:Werc Weigh:! 3 ...... il'grbw to.'kn'div her iutlmaceiy, aiui one " "day yeiiiured to ask tho'meaning o£ tlita She said. it was caused by the events of her early life, which,, if I-would care to read them, she would write for 111c. 1 eladly accepted her oiier, and when I was Fearing, she lianded me this manuscript. ■'She has since died, and it can do no harm to present it to the public. My father was a very rich man, and I his only child. ' My mother, dying when I was quite young, left • me the sole companion oE • my father, whom I adored. He wa3 of a nielaucholy, thoughtful temperament, and had spent much of his life in studying occult science. ■' This tendency of his mind had led him to make many strange acquaintances, and it tva3 witli the greatest interest I watched the result of their investigations, Wo had travelled much in the interests of thin study, but finally took a house in London, "where we expected to remain for somo time. It was with much, pleasure that I anticipated a seasou tlmre, and tny father determined for my sake to entertain largely. Our dinners and balls became famous. In my young and inexperienced eyes the world seemed but a huge playground, and I could not ' coaoaivo of such a tiring as trouble having entrance there. In the meantime wc continued our studies, and I became greatly interested in the ability of a certain woman to cause what she called “spirit photographs” to appear upon the wall. Sly curiosity was greatly excited to discover how this was done. 1 knew there wa3 some trick about them, and had little faith in the part the “spirits” took in their produc lioa. So my father and I began experi menting, and in a short time we had the satisfaction of doing, by purely mortal means, everything that the fair impostor did by the aid of so-called spirits. I little dreamed then of the use to which I should be called upon, to put this know ledge !’ _ . , , , Chin evening we gave a grand bai nnugue, and our drawing-robin wa3 filled with king3 and queens,' peasants and milkmaids, shepherds and shepherdesses and every character imaginable. I stood aside, watching the merry crowd, when I •saw.approaching me a sombre figure clad in a black domino. Something about him struck me :i3 peculiar and decidedly unpleasant, and it was with a feeling of reluctance that I accepted his invitation to dance. When I touched his hand, it was cold and clammy, and a shudder went through me whenever he came near. My enjoyment for the eveniug wa3 spoiled by this mysterious creature., Ho followed me everywhere. tio where 1 would, I could see his wicked little eyes gleaming at me, and itnas with a sigh of relief that I hailed tho hour when it was time to unmask. It was then that I saw my father approaching, leading this man by the arm. Ho proceeded to introduce him to me as Ur. Anthony Black. From the courtesy with which my father treated Mr. Black 1 saw that ho evidently liked him very much. This perplexed me, as I thought I had never, in all my life, met any one so strangely repulsive, and it was with much dis pleasure that I heard my father urging him to como often to see us. He was not slow in availing himself of this invitation, and succeeding days saw him frequently at our house. My father s interest in the man lay in tho fact that he, too, was a student in hidden lore, and together they-pursued this strange sci CnBlackhad not visited us many times before I fancied ! saw a change in my father. He. grew silent and moody, and • seemed to lie wanderipg in the clouds \- most of tho time. As for me, the more [ j saw of our visitor the more I grew to .dislike and distrust him, and a feeling of impending evil came over me. One evening my father invited him to dine with us. Ah, that hour! I can never forget it. The innn wore a con tinual smile, which seemed to hide some thing terrible behind it, nnd his little black eyes glittered. 1 tried to avoid looking at him, but was soon conscious of a strange fascination which kept my eves fastened on him. X felt as if 1 must obey him, and my father seemed equally fascinated; for he hung on every word, the strange man uttered. That awful, awful dinner 1 IVmakes me shudder now when I think of it. At timc3 I would make an almost super human effort to remove my eyes from Black’s face, and then soaio liovriblo power slowly drew them back. But at last the meal was ended, and I escaped to my room. Nanny, my old nurse, was waiting for mo there, and as I entered, she ex claimed : “ Law, Miss AdJie.whst do matter wid you, .chile ? You look as dough you done seen a ghost.” “Oh, Nhnny,’’I said, “ I am surcsome tliing dreadful is going to happen 11 feel it—1 see it!" “Brass de chile!'' said Nanny. “Nuffen drefful can’t happen to yo’ while ole Nanny’s around to take caro ob you 1 Don’ bodder yo’ head ’bout dat no’ mo’, honey.” “ Nanny,” said I, “ the next timo that Mr. Black comes hero, I want you to try and soe him, and then tell me what you think of him.” Nanny’s opportunity came soon, for in a couple of days the man was thore again, and she happened to let him in. She came running upstairs, and burst in upon “I sec him! I see him ! Lor. Miss Addie, de debbil’s in dat man! What for ole marse want to bring such a ting as dat heah? Sho’s I stau’ licah, Miss Addie, I tink when I see him dat do ole boy corao to call.” Nanny’s opinion convinced me that there really was something fearful about Mr. Black. A nameless terror took possession of me, and though I tried to shako off the feeling, gloom pervaded, everything. He continued to come frequently to the house, and I was often, at my father’s request, compelled to see him; but I j •never did so without feeling conscious that I was entirely subject to his j will. • | One day my father sent for mo to como | to the library. The summons I used to obey so gladly filled me with dread, and I entered with fear and trembling. I noticed that he seemed troubled, and it struck me forcibly how changed he was. He looked pale and haggard, and had lost Iiis old easy, good-natured address. He tried to sjapid-- looking at me, and it was r^if 1|-fv.t " M municaled'idlis “news.” lHis»"“dear frierid,”-'Sfr. Black, had mado mo ..an. offer of marriage, which ho hoped l would consider favorably. I looked at him, horrified. Could -it' be possible that lie. would sacrifice me, his pet, his idol, to-that odious'crea “0 father, father!” I cried, “What can you be thinking of ? Are you crazy 1 What is the matter with you ? j What is the matier with us aii ? Never! Never 1” I screamed. “ I will -die first 1” I rushed from the room to my faithful old Nanny, and burying my head in her lap, cried as if my heart would break. I felt as if Nanny was the only friend I had in the world now. “Bross my baby!” said she. “ What dey been a doin’ now to bring ds gief to my pore chile ?” “Oh, Nanny,” said I, “lie wants to marry me to him.” : “ Marry you to who. honey V” I “To Mr. Black. O Nanny, Nanny! I wish I was dead !” I “Wliat? marry you to dat ole cross- j eyed dcbbil!’ Well, dey better not? Ole Nanny pizen' him,, sho’s yo’ bo’n ! Yo’ jus’ tell_olo marse yo’ won’t do it, an' he won’t say nuffen. Ugh! lie must a ’clean gone los’ liis senses. Neber min’ clere honey now, don’ cry no mo’.” I fully determined that if my father insisted on my marrying Black, I would run away ; but he never mentioned the subject to me again. He must, however, have told the man of my refusal, for the next time I saw him he appeared to me more evil, if possible, lhan ever. His ugly eyes gleamed wickedly, and behind J the Satanic grin which he always wore j ho 6eemed to say, “ I’ll conquer you.” His terrible power over me remained the same, and 1 soon became aware that I had lost entire control of my own : actions. - In his presence I was impelled ! to do the strangest things. I ran around the room, chasing imaginary butterflies ; then I sang and danced, and jumped rope, and went on doing most ridiculous things. The strango part of it was that my mind remained perfectly clear, and 1 know everything I did, although I had no power to control myself. One day, after an exhibition of this kind, I saw with terror' my father’s startled face; Black’s fiendish counten ance. Oh, how terrible it all was 1 They consulted together, and presently my father called a servant, and before long a physician arrived. I had be n sitting quiet for some time, but the miuute the doctor came I again begau screaming ar.d jumping. The doctor shook his head, and told them I was hopelessly insane. The anguish of my mind wa3 intense. Why could I not speak ? Wliat was it that held me dumb? Perhaps I could write. I started for pencil and paper, hut sank back iu. my.chair, unable to It seemed hut a few moments before I was put into a coach with all three men and driven off. I saw old Nanny sit rocking herself back and forth, and moan ning out,— “My bres3cd darling! My bressed darling ? Oh, let me go wid my chile !” I tried to call her, but iny tongue was paralyzed, and I could not utter a sound. Presently we stopped before a large building, which wo all entered, Mr. Black and my father leading mo in. Wo were met by a kind-looking old gentle man who glanced pityingly at mo. They held a short whispered conversation, and then I heard him say,— . “ Too bad, too ba'd! And so young •” I saw my father preparing to leave without me ! How I tried to beg him not to go and leave me; But I could not. He wont slowly out of tho room, leaving only Mr. Black, who then approached jypd hissed in my ear,— ... “ Ha, ha, my lady ! Ia this preferable to marrying me ?” 1 watched him depart in silence, but the instant he was out of the room I was myself again. I started for the door, screaming, “ Father, father ! Come back.!” lint I was seized by a couple of atten dants and led forcibly away. 1 heard shriek after shriek ring through the building, and awoke to the horrible reality that I was in a madhouse, and was thought to be mad myself. - ~ ' No oue can know the' agony of that moment, for I felt how futile would be all my efforts to convince any one that I was sane. I was shorn of all my beautiful hair, of which I was so proud, and left to follow my own inclination. I made two or three unsuccessful attempts to convince the phy sicians of my sanity, then give up the idea as useless. I spent my time in painting, for which I had some talent, and before long had completed a portrait of my father. He called once or twice to see me, but always in company with Black, who put mo im medintdly under the spell that lasted till they were gone. Tims it was decided that their visits aggravated my case and 1 was debarred from seeing them any more. My only hope now wa3 to escape. How closely I watched every opportunity! But weeks and months passed awny before I could carry out iny purpose. Then, one night, 1 heard a cry of fire. I sprang from my bed and hastily dressed, but not before I was nearly choked with smoke. Tho guards were rushing through the halls, wild with excitement, opening the J doom and begging the poor mad crea tures to come forth ; bat many were so j paralysed with fright that they stubbornly j refused, and numbers perished in tlje flames. I needed no urging, but, seezing my father’s portrait, ran through the open door, unmolested. Every pliice was open. Even the heavy gates in the yard formed no barrier now, as the firemen had torn them away, and I passed through un{ noticed. I ran till I was out of breath. It then flashed across mo that my appearance (for I was without hat or cloak) in the streets of London at midnight would at the very least excite suspicion. I stood still and -gazed about me,; puzzled what to do pr where to go. I knew that I must act quickly, as, if seen, I was iu great danger of being arrested. My brain was in a whirl. I imagined I saw pursuers on every hand. Some dis tance ahead of me I spied a church. Ah, there was a refuge'!- I would- find a hiding place there till morning. I started off again, running till I reached the church door. I was conscious of seeing lights inside, some fprois. moving about, and lifter that I knew'j>o;5)lore, fori had fallen senseless.: ■ Sa,1 =•■ ^d--C?cLiherar;l..^rih JEad i&9-cbn't6yt^J^fliospitsli!andit wits ^bout;:d,niontii|«ft^^^ns7that'I-;,aw«Svu' Hp ttihd ":'myself::ih.';ai large room,> with' tho*- sick around _ me on. every ' side. Where’was I nch- ? Would wonders heyer cease? ' . : -■ I soon Icaiited’tliat I had been very‘ill with brain fever,' The excitement and strain on my nervous system, caused by the events of the past few months, had, been too much forme, and I had succumbed .at last; but the crisis Was now pa3t, and I was recovering. As- I lay there looking around, it certainly seemed a novel situation for me, Addie Stanley, tiic child of the mil iionairo, to bo a charity patient iu a city hospital. 1 continued to improve rapidly, and was soon able to thick about leaving. 1 | had withheld my name from the i hospital authorities, but promised to ! reward them largely for their kind care [of me duriug my illness. They kindly furnished me with outside apparel and j some money, and then I started out once I more. ‘ ■ . I immediately called a cab, and giving tho driver my lather's address, was soon ! on my homeward way. Then I begun to j wonder what he would say when lie saw j me, and the horrible thought crossed my mind that ho might send mo back to the j asylum. I wondered if Black visited the i house, still, and if old Nanny would be j there to receive me, and hear her call me j her “bressed chile" once more ! - ! I was so lost iu thoughts like these that I started in surprise when I found we liad stopped. “ Hi guess this ’ere’s tho house, mum,’’ said the driver, jumping down. I bounded out of the cab and up the steps and rang the bell. No answer. I rang again and again, but failed to bring any- response. Then I noticed that tho house was closed, and a general air of ne glect-hung about the place. “ What shall I do t What shall I do?” I cried, wringing my hands. 1 looked up and down the street, in the hope of seeing some one I knew, but all were strangers, and I stood there alone in the world. Suddenly a bright thought came to me. I would go to my father’s lawyer. He could tell mo tin- meaning of all When I reached his office, Mr. Colton was at his desk. He started up when ho saw me, and his face grow deadly pale. I knew from his manner that I must pre pare myself for bad news. We were both of us so agitated that for a while neither spoke a word. Then i tremblingly begged him to tell me of my fatner. “ My poor girl,” he said at last, “lio died very suddenly about a month ago ; h's death was caused by the shock of hearing that yon had been burned to death in the asylum lire—so it was said at the time. Mis money and everything [ of valuo was left to Mr. Black. There j has evidently been some awful mistake for which I cannot account. Wo had tho asylum grounds thoroughly searched, but you could not bo found, so wo concluded you had perished.” I told him of my escapo and my ill ness afterward, also that I had nover been insane, but had been led to appear so through the awful influence of Black. And now I was left penniless, and that dreadful man had my money! t The more I thought of it, the more strange it soeined that my father should havo left his wealth to an cutire stranger, [ and away from his own brothers find sisters. Thi3, together with his sudden death, aroused my suspicions of some thing wrong. Suppose that Black haft used his hideous power,, on liim also, and had forced him to moka Lis will, and then murdered him?- It was a fearful thought, but it might bis true, aud if so, tho crime must be proved ~ I mentioned my suspicion to Mi'. Colton, mid be soon became as deeply impressed with tlio idea of foul play as I was myself.- We went immediately to work to decide upon-8; way .h£ which .w<>« might entrap the 'tfiurderi^fcad recover the fortune that rightfully belonged to mo. Whilo wo were considering the matter, Mr. Colton kindly entertained me at his house. At length I hit upon a plan. I remem bered how superstitious Block was, and determined to frighten him into li -con-j fession. / < It was now that my ability to cast “spirit" photographs upon the wall would be of use. I would procure the services of a famous vontriloquist, and, with the lawyer, we would proceed to Black’s house, and by these manifesta tions, force him to confess his guilt. 1 disclosed my plan to Mr. Colton, who agreed willingly to it. We went quickly to work, and soon had our arrangements completed entirely to our satisfaction. I was thankful that I had saved the por trait I painted of my father, for I needed it to carry out my plan3. The day linally arrived when we were to perform this terrible duty. My heart sank at the thought of seeing Black again as wo approached the house, I was obliged to bring all my will power to bear in order to prevent turDing back at the la3fc moment. Mr. Colten observed my nervousness, and whispering a few encouraging words, he rang the bell. A withered old woman came to tho door; she eyed us suspiciously when we inquired for Mr. Black. She showed us iuto a side room which was very dark, a fact'which pleased me, as it was much better suited to my purpose than a light \- Gradually, as my eyes became accus tomed to the darkness, and I could discern different objects in the- room, I saw several'articles of furniture’that had belonged to my father. This aroused my anger, and helped to make my task more ' Fortune favored us, for Black was so long in making his appearance that 1 had plenty of time to prepare everything very satisfactorily. 1 then hid myself behind a large screen, so that 'when ho entered the. room he did not see me. Ho bowed graciously, and with his usual using /fold, to Mr. Colton, who proceeded imme diately to business. “Mr..Black,” said he, “ I have been retained as counsel by a- relative of Mr. Stanley’s to investigate the cause of his death. There is a 3trong suspicion of foul play, and as you have been tho only ono bencStted by his decease, tho sus picion of murder naturally, falls on you. *pran5£w?<vf' ■ V, ! :e! 'll- sag^if.iia 1”-’ h?" yelled oiii . hue a ' ddmoa’. “Tivive. your vile r.ss'iidvVfi ! Prove it, a say, or by the gods, you shall suffer-'for' this!' 1 mur dered him, did I ? Provo it!” lie continued with-a torrent of abuse, frequently intermingled with oaths. Mr. Colton then gave me tho signal,, and suddenly upon the wail appeared my father's features. They grew brighter and plainer, till tin ally his whole figure seemed to stand out in bold relief. Black’s eyes dilated in terror. Great beads of perspiration stood out upon hi3 forehead. Ilo ting his nailsi in his tlesh till the blood spurted forth. Then, in a solemn, sepulchral voice the “spirit" said,— “ Confess !” “ Mercy !’’ panted Black. “ Morey ! I will tell all-2" “ Confess !” again uttered tho voice. Sot a sound was heard save the pant iug and moaning of tho terrified man as ho crouchcd'upon the floor. Black rolled over on bis face, as if to shut out the vision.' “Ah, yes!” he groaned,-“I killed him ’ 1 hoped to gain control of his money by marrying his daughter, but she 'refused me. Yes, she refused .me, but I had my revenge. I made her act like a lunatic. It was my power she could not withstand. It was through me she was locked up in a madhouse. That was sweet revenge, but it was not all,' for in the dead of night I set tiro to the madhouse and burned her up.” Here he broke into a paroxysm of wild laughter. Evidently terror was turning his brain. “Then,” ho bognn again, “I mes merised old Stanley, and forced him to make-his will in my favor. IVlicn that was done I poisoned him—and now he’s there to tell you of it!” he cried, spring ing up and shaking Iiis fist at the vision. Just here I stepped out from my hid ing place. . Ho turned and saw me. “ You, too ?” he shrieked in anguish. “ You, too, como back to accuse me ? Mercy! Ha ’ ha ! No mercy for me!" Suddenly hi3 face turned purple; he covered it with his hands, gasped for brSath and fell back, dead! The guilty wretch liadjictually died with fright. Thus ended tho eventful portion of my lifo’s history. Through tho kindly efforts of Mr. Colton, tho will by which Black' had obtained possession of my father’s fortune was declared illegal, and I was proved his heiress. Great publicity was given to the case through tho daily papers, and one day who should come hobbling into Mr. Colton’s office but old Nanny, and I heard her saying, “ \Vhar dat bressed chile?” Soon after wo went to Italy, to join some of my mother’s relatives. I never want to see Loudon again. 