ST. PATRICK IN SHAKESPEARE. A coBBESPONhEin' (says the Im.ih World) writes to enquire why _ Prfoce/ Hamlet in the play, of . that name is » to swear ''By St. Patrick." The wd^ik' occur j in Act L,i6cene 5, after - the. Grh6^ has disappeared, and the dialogue whicK/ leads uptoitis as' follows:— - Horatio. «' What news, my lord P rt fWhat, ; K iiag the Ghost oommnnicated to you Samlet. " Oh, wonderful!" Horatio. " Good my lord, tell it." &mr;« US; 'you'll reveal it." ' Horatio. V-Not I,: my lord, by heaven." Hamlet. " How-say yon, then ; would heart , of man once think it?— - ;Bat ypn!ll be fleoret—'': Horatio and Mwctffop* " Ay, by heaven I?' . Samlet. ,. '^ThereV ne'er a villain dwelling • : in all Denmark— . But he's an-arrant knave." ' , Horatio. "There needs no ghost, my lord, come from; the grave -• < Hamlet. " Why, right; you ar? in the f-right" - • ,, ' Horatio. "TheBe are but wild and whirling .wordg,-flaylord."; . . . Hamlet* " I'm. sorry they offend ypu,, •t ; heartily." r 1;» ,r. d : . r- < Horatio. - 9'There's no.ofifenoe, my lofdv" . Hamlet. , "Tea, by Saint Patrick,, bpt there V is r Horatio, , : . And mooh ofEenoe, too. Touching thM viflionhere, - ; It is an-honest ghost, that- let me tell you, • For your desire to know what ia between us : O'ermaster it as you .may. ... » There are more tbinga in heaven and earth, Horatio,. , Than are dreamt of in your philosophy." , Now, why should Samlet the Dane wear by the. patron saint of Ireland? r, rather, why did Shakespeare puj hat expression into his moutjip ttered designedly, or did it thoughtlessly lit before the mind of the great dra-: matist, and did his pen merely seine upon it at random P That it was uttered with a purpose is capable of the amplest demonstration. Throughout his work's Shakespeare frequently makes Kid characters use expressions not dissimilar in their nature to the one in question, but in no instance does he do so without reference to time, place, or tradition, whereby an intelligible .relationship is established. In the play of Richard IIIv, for instance, GHoster exclaime. ^'By fib Paul," in allusion to the 'traidition that St. Paul had visited Britain^ fcnd^ at Bosworth field, immediately before thfe battle, he invokes "thrice renowned St. George," the patron "of England. In Romeo - and Juliet Friar Lawrence ejaculates, "Holy St. Francis";"—a very natural expression- in the mouth of member of the Franciscan Order. Shylock, the Jew, swears "By Jacob's staff." In Julius CaBsar, Anthony 'and Cleopatra, Cymbeline, Troilus ttttd Cressida, and other plays, the scenes of which are laid in pagan times, the namek of Jupiter, Mars, v enus, Diana, with the other recognised divinities, are .brought into requisition in like manner under like ircumstances. In-the middle ages Ireland was known s " the island of saints and sages. " Irish* men went out to the nations as teachers religion and science. Whfereveihey went—and that was aliftost verywhere in the then known world— they.founded great schools of learning hose reputation has come down even to he present day. .Hence " Saint Patrick / n those days was recognised not merely as the apostle of Ireland but as tre symbol and epitome of all for whioh Ireland was Tenowned; hence, too, it was befitting that Shakespeare should have put into the mouth of Hamlet, the student' and philosopher, an adjuratidk that implies a^Knowledge and an appreciation of that historical fact. Commenting on this expression' MT. Cowden Clarke, editor of the magnificent edition of Shakespeare published by Cassell, 'Petter, and Galpin, has the following:—" By Saibt Patrick—There is propriety in making the stnidious prince Hamlet use this adjuration, sincp Saint Patrick is the Patron Saint of Ireland, and Ireland was in ancient times a famed seat of learning whence the whole northern, world derived their erudition." • • • What is here implied rather than expressed is a very great tribute paid tb Ireland; by the most illnstriotis' df all Rnglishmen, but great as it isVit is but the truth. » Sais the H'bvUkn"oe fotimal^ f* ; tbeliishitrwtjtial and the next plpet^hfe Bto and the G^af witnin & tttraaok' wia prqISably De l ! aertttufe'fe^r ' ' i jJKj^'fflTKI i- < TFypgpt™"/ dodibrs lue Dr.fioule's Xmericaw'Cg?a Sop' Bitters, as they, dot&ot; .intozimte, bat restoM braiiiandneiyewaste. V' .'... \ W^HBBBvaa WoLFM'a StamiPPB liM been .introduced it hsa by tordK. of'100$ ^^^HWcd public confidence. 