CHRISTMAS NUMBER OF THE "OBSERVER." NOW PUBLISHED. The contents of this 11 amber are such as to maintain the high character and popularity which the CHRISTMAS OB&EBVJSB; has enjoyed for BO many years. The reading matter consists largely of tales by Australian writers, bat several specially appropriate stories from the pens of ^g^b authors hare been second. There 1b also be a special budget of Poetry, Generalities, Riddles, Puzzles, Charades, &c.; Among the literary attractions are the following:— " An Australian Galatea." A story of Exploration and Strange Discovery, by Heron Shaw, whose previous contributions to the Christmas Numbers of the Observer have been so much appreciated. "MlssNomer's Nonsense." A tale with a very novel {dot, by E. D. Cleland. "Fleetwood's End." The story of two Christmas Eves, by Miss Adeline Sergeant, author of • Jacobl's Wife" (published in the Observer and Journal), " Under False Pretences," &c.;, &c.; " The Black Mos Mystery." A Christmas mining story, by Monk Foater, author of "A Poor Man's Tragedy," "Judith's Romance," Carchester's Vengeance," and "A Miner's Million," now being published in the Journal and Observer. "The Falling Cross. Two Christmas I^ays," by Ichor. "The Strange History of a Christmas Card," by Lindsay Duncan, author of "MissDainty," "Up the River," "For Mab," Ac. "His Certificate of Freedom." An Australian story, by Alex. Morrison. " The Ghost of the Prinoe Rupert," by M. Gaunt. " An Australian Ghost Story," by M.P. In addition to these attractions a HANDSOME COLOURED PICTURE Is presented with each copy. This Is entitled, "THE LAST IN THE MARKET," and is by Mr. RAITS HID LEY, the well known North of Artist. Mr. Hedley Is a native of Northumberland, and his paintings are well known few their marvellous truth to life and the naturalness of their local oolour. Mr. Hedley Is a constant exhibitor at the Royal Academy, and 1s also a well-known exhibitor at the Royal Institute of Watercolours, and obtained first medal at the Kennell Club's Exhibition of Do Pictures In 1882. The scene depicted In our Coloured Illustration is one well known to visitors of the Bigg Market, N ewcastle-on-Tyne. The Carrier, whose Covered Cart fills the picture, hag probably come from one of the many wide districts stifl untouched by railways. In the early morning he wended his way over many a distant bleak Northumbrian Moor to the busy city on Tyneside. His dog keeps faithful watch over his young master, who sleeps whilst awaiting the return of the Carrier, who is the last to leave the Market-place. In the left- hand corner Is seen the graceful crown of St Nicholas's Cathedral. 