HOW I LEARNT TO WRITE. ( Autobiographical Sketch bt Mr. B. L. stj5vbn60.v.) The New York World publishes an autobio graphical sketch by Mr. Robert Louis Ste venson, " famished expressly to it by special arrangement with tbe anthor from a forthcom ing volume, Memories and Portraits.' " Among other matters Mr. oterenson gives tbe follow ing account of his early literary attempts bent on learning to wjiitb. All tbroagh my boyhood and youth, he says, I was known and pointed oat for tne pattern of an idler: and yet I was always busy on my own private end, which waa to learn to write. I kept always two books in my pocket —-one to read, one to write in. As I walked my mind was busy fitting what I saw with appropriate words ; when I sat by tbe roadside, I would either read, or a pencil aud a penny version book wonid be in my band, to note down the features of the scene or commemo rate some halting staazas. Tnus I lived with words. And what 1 thu wrote was for no ulterior use, it was written consciously for practice. It was not so much that I wished to be an author (though I wished that too) as that I had vowed that I would learn to write. That was a proficieucy that templed me, and I prac tised to acquire it, as men learn to wniLtle, iu a wager with myself. Description was the prin cipal field of my exercise ; for to anyone with senses there is always something worth describ ing, aad town and country are bat one con tinuous subject. But I worked in other ways aiso ; often accompanied my walks with dramatic dialogues, in which I played many parts ; aud often exercised myself in writing down conversations from memory. And yet this was not the most efficient part of my training. Good though it was, It ohiy taught me (so far as I have learned them at all) the lower and less intellectual ele ments of the art, the choice of the essential uote and the right word; things that to a happier constitution had pernaps come by nature. And regarded as training, it bad one grave defect ; for it set rao no standard of achievement. So that there was perhaps more profit, as tucro was certainly more effort, in my secret labor at home. "playing the sedoloub ape." Whenever I read a boox or a passage that particularly pleated me, iu which a thing was sani or an effect rendered with propriety, in which there waa either some eonspicuous torce or some happy distinction in tbe style,! must sit down a; onca and set myself te ape that quality. I was unsuccessful, 'and I knew it; and tried again, aud was again unsuccessful, and always unsuccessful ; but at least in tnase vain bouts ! got some' practice in rhythm, iu harmony, in construction, and the co- ordination of parts. I hare thus played the sedulous ape to JEUziitt, to Lauib, to Wordsworth, to Sir Thomas Browne to Deioe, to Hawthorne, to Montaigne, to Bau delaire and to Obermaun. X remember one of these monkey tricks, which was called " Tbe Vanity of Morals ; " it was to have bad a seeond part/'Tnc Vanity of Kuovricdgc ; " and as I had neither morality nor scholarship, the names wete apt ; but the second part was never attempted, and the first part was written (which is my reason for recalling it, ghostlike, from its ashes) no less than three times; first in tbe mauner of Hazlitt, second iu the manner of Ruskin, who had cast ou me a passing spell, and third, iu a laborious pasticcio of Sir Thomas Browne. So with my otner works : " Cam," an epic, was (save the mark I) au imitation of Sordollo ; " Robin Hood," a tale in verse, took an eclectic middle course among the fields of Keats, Chaucer and Morris ; in "Monmouth" a tragedy, I reclined ou the bosom ol - Mr. Swin-> buroe ; in my innumerable gouty-footed lyrics I followed many musters ; in the first draft of "The King's Furdon," a tragedy, X was on tbe trail of a no leaser man than John Webster ; in the second draft of tbe same piece, with stagger ing versatility, I had shifted my alliance to Congrove, and of course conceived my fable in a less serious vein— for it was oot Con .reve's verse, it was his exquisite prose that X admired aud sought to copy. imitation and originality. That (add6 Mr. Stcvensou), iike it or not, is the way to learn to write ; whether X have profited or 'not, that is the way. It was so Ksats Icarnud, and there was never a finer torn-' purument for literature thau Keats' ; it was so, if we could trace it out, that all men have learned ; and that is why a revival of letters 1b always accompanied or heralded by a cast back to earlier and fresher models. Perhaps I hear some oue cry out, " But this i not tbe way to be original It is not ; nor is there anv way but to be born so. Nor yet, if you are" born original, is there anything in this training that shall clip the wings of.your originality. There can be noue more original than Montaigne, neither couid any be more unlike Cicero ; yet no craftsman cau fail to see how much the oae must have tried in his time to imitate the other. Burns is the very type of a prime force iu letters ; he was, of ail men, the most initia tive. And it is the great point of twesu imita tions that there still shines beyond tbe student's reach his inimitable model. Let him try as he please, he i still sure of failure ; aud it is a very old aud very true saying that failure is tne only high road to success. I must have had some disposition to leurn ; for I clear sightedly condemned my own performances. X liked doing them indeed ; but when they were done, I could see they were rubbish. . Thrice X put myself in the way of an authoritative rebuff by sending a paper to a magaziue. These were returned ; and I was not ' surprised nor even pained. If they had not been looked at, as (Like all amateurs) I suspected was the case, there was no good in repeating the experiment ; if they had bean looked at — well, tneu X bad not yet learned to write, and I must keep oo learning and living. Lastly, I had a piece of good fortune, which is the occasion of this paper, and by which I was able to see my litera ture in print, and to measure experimentally how fur I stood from the favor of tne oublic. "the spko" and the "university magazine." The Speculative Society is a body of some antiquity, aud his counted among its members Scott, Brougham, Jeffrey,- Horner, Benjamin Constant, Robert Emmet, and many a regal and local celebrity besides. By an accident, variously explained, it has it9 rooms in the very buildings of tbe University of Edinburgh. I sat oue December morning in the library of tbe Speculative, a very humble-minded youth, though it was a virtue I never bad much credit for ; yet proud of my privileges a a member of tbe Spec., proud of the pipe I was smoking iu the teeth ot the Seuaius ; and, in particular, proud of bcicg in the next room to three very distinguished students, who were then con versing beside the corridor fire. When they had called tne in to them, and mads me a sharer iu their dusign, I, too, became drunken with pride and hope. We were to found a University magazine. A pair of little, active brothers— Liviugstooe by name, great skippers on the foot, great rubbers of the bands, who kept a book- bhop over agaiost the University building- had been debauched to play, the part of pub lishers. We ionr were to be conjunct editors aud, what was the main point of the concern, to print our own works ; while, by every rule of arithmetic — that flatterer of credulity— tbe ad venture must succeed and bring great profit. Weil, well, it was a bright vision. 1 waut home that morning walking upon air. To have been chosen by tueso three distinguished students whs to uie the most unspeakaole advance ; it was my first draught of consideration ; it re conciled me to myself and to mv fcllow-meu ; and as I steered round the railings at th; Trou I could not withhold my lips from smiiiug publicly. Yet, in the bottom of my heart, I knew that magazine would bo a grim iiuaco ; I knew it would not be worth reading; I knew, even if it were, that nobody would rend it ; and I kept w.oudering how I should be able upon my compact income of £12 per annum, payable monthly, to meet my share in the ex pense. It wan a comfortable thought to me that X had a father. The magazine appeared in a yellow cover, which was tho best part of it, for at least it was uuasuiniug ; it ran four mouths iu undisturbed obscurity, and died without a gsp. The first number was edited by all four of us with prodi gious bustle; the second fell principally into tne bauds of Fcrriur and mo ; the third X edited aloue ; aud it ha long been a solemn question who it was that edited the fourth. It would per haps bestiii more difficult to say who read it. 1 had seat a copy to the lady with whom my heart was at that time somewhat engaged, aud who did all that in her lay to break it ; aud she, with some tact, passed over the gift and my cherished contributions iu silence. X will not say that I was pleased at this ; but I will tell her uow, if by any chance she takes up the work of her former servant, that 1 thought the better of her taste. X cleared the decks after tliis last engagement ; had the necessary inter view with my rather, which passed off not amiss ; paid over my share of the expense to the two little active brothers, who ruboed their hands as mnch, but methought skipped rather less than formerly, having -perhaps, these two also, em barked upon tbe enterprise with some graceful illusions : aud then, reviewing the whole epi sode, I told myself that' the time was not yet npe uor the man ready, and to work X went again with my penny version books, having fallen back in one day fiom the printed author to the manuscript student. Once more the old controversy as to who waa the real anthor of Shakespeare's plays has been raised in America. Mr. Ignatius Donnelly re peats tbe exploded aeseftion that all the plays of the Bard of Avon were the work of Ijord Bacon. In England we can afford to laugh at the revival of the ridiculous theory propounded by Miss Delia Bacon, Judge Holmes, and others, Wtio maintained that Shakespeare waa tbe mere "ghost," and that Bacon's brAin supplied the artistic merit -Such a question as that now re vived by Mr. Donnelly can hardly be discussed eeriously hy an Englishman : and to the credit of anotner Amsricau— Mr. Wilkes— it mar bs 6aid that he has shown ths baselessness of the Baconian theory.. When Mr. Donnelly's book is published in this country it. will so doubt £ve rise to much criticism. 