TOPICS OF THE DAY. Listen to me, and if you speak me fair I'll tell you newt, indifferent gcwd to either How is it that the Pairamatta Bench one day last week fined Margaret Creasey 30s and 25s lod costs for using water for other than domestic pur poses, whilst Robert Beattie, for a similar offence, was only fined 5s with costs. Does the explanation lie in the fact that Mr, Beattie is an aristocratic surveyor, whilst Mrs. Creasey runs a boarding house in the historic Borough ? The thing cer tainly looks very piscatorial. Last week we drew attention to the fact that many of our district Farmers and landholders had invested, or intended to do so, in the machinery and appliances necessary to thoroughly irrigate their holdings, and thus prevent the losses which result from protracted drought. The idea is one which should be carried out by all those who are in a position to do so, and I am glad to see that a good example has been shown in this direction by such enterprising spirits as the Messrs, Dean, Tuckerman, Hannabus, and others. As a matter of fact, the necessity for such precautions being taken is always arising, for though a splendid fall of rain-registering 2& inches-was experienced no later than last week, a few hot, parching days will remove all traces of the copious downpour, and a few months of dry weather will destroy all vegetation, and dwarf and stunt the crops which gave promise of bearing abundant truit, King . Drought is .the .great, and, under present con ditions, the implacable enemy of the agri culturalist, and any scheme which can be devised lo reduce the dire effects of his depredations-and that at an almost minimum expenditure- should be hailed with much satisfaction by all concerned. The time will come when, unless they are assisted by the Government, every farmer will be com pelled to resort to this means of securing nourish ment for his growing crops, and the man who neglects to do so will be fit only to be placed in the same category with he who Casts aside the inventions of the age, and holds on to the wooden plough and the sickle of his forefathers. Going down to Sydney the other day I hap pened to get into a railway carriage along with Kemp and Stansbury. In the next compartment, quite unconscious of the presence of the above mentioned couple, the conversation of the occu pants ratt something like this ;-" Well, what did you think of the Searle-Kemp boat race the other day V " What did I think of it ? Why Searle did just what he liked with Peter-had it all his own way-in fact, laughed at him. Peter hadn't a ghost of a show, and will never see the tail end of his boat again," &c.;, &c.; Poor Peter had to hear all this, and didn't know what to say, and Stansbury looked as though he could just have swallowed the speaker. It's like the colonies all over, when once a favourite gets beaten he sinks into'oblivion. A young Windsor lady entered one of our George-street drapery establishments the other day, and asked to be shown the glove department. Upon being requested to take a seat, she asked in a soft melodious voice to see a pair of 4-button "SUBDUED MOUSE " coloured kid gloves. " Yes' madam," said the obliging young shopman, wondering what the deuce the colour was, and searching in vain for the required article. Happy thought; he turns round and regrets his inability to give her the " subdued mouse" coloured kid gloves, being quite out of them, but he can show her plenty of " infuriated rat." Exit young lady with the soft melodious voice. The last thing seen of her was wending her way to the station to catch the evening train for Sydney, where she says she knows she will get what she requires, as they have everything in Sydney you know. A very good story is told at the expense of a one-time Sydney auctioneer, whose bragging pro pensities often led him into making statements of a most exaggerated character with reference to the extent of his business operations. He claimed to have the support of the Hawkeibury farmers to a man, and made it a point of announcing to all whom he met the "fact" that the whole of the, I cargo of a well-known river boat was consigned exclusively to him. One day it happened that a Windsor resident was in the metropolis when this same boat arrived, and being curious to discover the truth or otherwise of the blowhard's state ments, he went oft board, saw the ofieer who held the catgO list, and discovered that out of the whole of the produce, poultry, &c..; under his care the only consignment standing in the name of the blustering knight of the hammer aforesaid waft ONE PAIR OF GEESE cooped up in a small box. That business must have been worth a fabulous sum to be sure. I'm going to sing you a topical softg To praise up what's right, and nothing that ft So now bring the banjo and mumc along, And list to my own little ditty. .Tis pleasing to learn that we ye woke Up at last, Resolved to make good the delays of the past, And free the old town of the odium cast So long on her-yes, more s the pity. "We've had numerous meetings to. set forth her To theCnote of the State-that most wily old dame, Who gives but to those who will give back again. In the shape of their solid support; The State in this instance for Ministry stands Its supporters are those whoexpeot th^r deI^and? In the shape of big votes for roads, bridges, and Tob^granted (and yet they're not bought). All sorts of requests our mild townsmen have To throwers that exist-though I'm sorely For a longtime to come they will have to upbraid The worthy unworthies in pow The river wants clearing, the trains want to run At a much faster rate than they lately have done (They're slower by far than any under the sun Their speed's about twelve miles an hour). They want a train on Sabbath day ('Tis true), I do not think they'd make it pay (Do you ?) It never did in days gone by, Yet still they've had another try To show that profits Will " bimeby Accrue* They're agitating in these days Like mad; They've got the agitation craze So bad; They want to turn quite upside down Departments which upon them frown, And revolutionize our town. Egad I I can't remember in my haste, Just yet, Of ail the sweets they want to taste (And get). ., Their mouths they've opened rather wide, If they get half for which they've cried They ought to be well satisfied. You bet. All public works should be reproductive whether they be public buildings, railways, or anything else. To erect a court-house at a cost of £40,000 when one at £5t°°° would do just as well is a clear waste of public money, although there are some people idiotic enough to suppose they are doing good in having as costly buildings as possible built in the particular town in which they live and move and have their being. They ( apparently have a hazy idea that Government has | a Midas-like power of creating gold, and that therefore it is the bounden duty of every good citizen to get as much of it as possible spent in his town. Poor fools, they do not think that the great bulk of the revenue is derived from taxation, and every £100 uselessly spent means so much loss to every man, woman, and child in the colony There are many channels open to the Government for the profitable employment of capital. Irriga tion, for example, offers a wide field. It would ba as absurd to expect isolated individuals m certain parts of the country to provide water for their own use for un^ati^ it wuuld be to cxpect them to build the railways they required. By embarking at this juncture on works which would return good interest on capital invested, the Government would be doing good in two ways they would, in the first place, provide employment at a time when it is scarce, and, secondly, Would, by the return from the works, relieve the tax payers. The construction of wharves, the clean, ing of river channels which are at present a bar rier to trade, the erection of smelting works, would surely be a better means of relieving the condition of the people than throwing away thou sands of pounds in subsidizing agricultural societies in little tilipot villages, or spending^ tens of thousands in the ornemefitatioh of public buildings, or sinking millions in the erection of | costly edifices when a substantial shed or a plain honest brick building would answer the purpose equally as well. Retrenchment is a most desir able thing ; but there is a right way and a wrong way of going about it. It is better to reduce large salaried than to discharge at a moment's notice hundreds of toilers on the lowest rung of the ladder; but too frequently the latter cause is followed and the former shirked. More solid Advancement in the cause of Land Nationalisation has been made duriilg the last two months than in any equal time before. Nothing shows this more clearly than the increasing readi ness with which the city press finds space for the discussion.of the question, and the change of tone apparent in many country papers which) openly hostile to Henry George and all his works but a short time ago, now admit that the land question will yet have to be examined and adjudged upon by the people, and at an early date-. There is hardly one newspaper which now speaks of the subject in terms other than ofapproVal, and when here and there some uninformed writer raises ob jections prompted by ignorance, those who, under stand, fall Upon him in numbers and use the op portunity to hammer home the truths of Land Nationalisation. Recently, for instance, Mr; George Rankin, a gentleman who has a Consider able reputation in connection with land legisla tion, contributed a letter to the DAILY TELE GRAPH which was simply a demonstration that he was entirely in the dark regarding the operation and objects of the single tax movement, and which letter has been vigorously replied to and utterly demolished both in letters and leaders in most of *he best papers in the colony* The death of President Hertenstein^f Switzer land, during his term of office naturally, leads one to give a passing thought to Swiss affairs. There is probably no community in the world so pros perous as Switzerland. She possesses, amongst other good things, a perfect Educational Code and an almost faultless Military System, cheap, yet thoroughly efficient; while the economy of her ad ministration is marvellous. The seven members of her Federal Council-each of whom has a salary of /480 per annum, the President having £600 act as the chiefs of the seven administrative de* partments. It wouldn't be amiss, perchance, were the Australian colonies to pay their Governors and publiG officials at Swiss rates, and generally to follow Swiss economic republican simplicity. The MODUS OPERANDI of the peripatetic LITERA TEUR who is travelling on behalf of the new " his torical and biographical work," entitled " Men of Mark" is simpliciy itself. He calls upon successful men whom he suspects of having an undue share of vanity, and suggests that he is compiling a three guinea book in which all colonists distinguished by talent, virtue, or enterprise will be sure to find a place. It is even whispered that he is prepared to compile biographies of rural aldermen, snug pub licans, and pushing storekeepers at so much a head, with a bonus thrown in if he succeeds in tracing their ancestry as fa? back as the Crusades. There is every probability that for an adequate sum no thriving colonist need be without pro genitors who tou^ht at Flodden or drew the long bow at Agihcourt. It mlist be pleasant of an even ing, when the shutters are tip ahd the liist pur chaser of soap or candles is served, for the prd I prietors of the establishment to bolt the door and open a £3 3s. volume at the page where his for bears-Smiths, CamferonS) or 0'Mulligansv as the I caie may be-hashed with a shout On the serried ranks of Philipvs speatmen or fade in Plantagenet's ! Van. Nothing would so prompt a respectable tradesman bf the present to put an extra penny a pound on sugar or preserved fruitt as the re membrance that whe'A his ancestors wanted either> they itmply summoned their men-at-arms and took what was required from the nearest retail es tablishment, having first hufig the proprietor to his Owii hat-peg as a warning to people dishohfist enough to ask payment in advance; There is a future in store for these enterprising Canvassers* and if they can only manage to evade the boots and withstand the assaults ,of their infuriated victims, they will in time reach the highest pin. nacle of fame in this glorious coufttty. One of the most interesting exhibits of the Mel* bourne Exhibition is in the Alrmaiilent Court-the *' Kelly armour/' wOrh by the late bushranger, Ned Kelly. It is the genuine article, and not the Stage property carted round the country by the famous Kelly Dramatic Company. It is un doubtedly a Curiosity, for though the work of a Were Country blacksmith, ahd simply made of beaten- out plough shafes, for a time it defied the bullets of our mounted police. The finest wrought armour of ancient times was never able to do that, and so this bullet-dinted, roughly hammered cuir ass is undoubtedly a wonderful example of skill and untaught art. ttt the Assembly last week, according to Han sard, Sir Henry Parkes referred to the matter of overcrowding of theatres, abd said that his at tention had been called to an article on the ques tion) which appeared in the BULLETIN, adding that he seldom saw articles in that notable publication; Mr. O'Sullivab. the Queahbeyart yahoos' repres entative, interjected " Does the hoh taiember eve? . see it's pictures,1' and Sir Henry teplied," Now and then- not always ; but I admit at once that they are the best part of it. 1 Saw ohe caricature of the hon member for Queanbeyan which I thought the spic'est thing I ever saw» It repre sented the hon member ascending into a gum tree with a bladder Under feaCh arm. Where he was going I do not know-but 1 believe he was on a mission to fix the ? keystone of the democratic arch." The House guffawed. 'They don't know anything about ally othef iahguage than the English tip Walgett way-ahd they know only a trifle even about that. The local paper prints an advertisement in tremendous type, announcing a "Grand Tea Meeting ahd Sorree in aid of the funds of the Church of Eng land." fly this time, no doubt) Sammy Car michael will be sorry for the mistake he has made; I don't wonder at it, hdweVer-the heat and the dhrottic thirfet ode has to put up with in the little town on the Plains renders it hegessary to be pro ficient ohly itt one language, viz., that with which the average bullock-puncher is so thoroughly conversant; The metropolitan municipal elections are over, and of the candidates for re- election only one was defeated) Mr. Evahjottes; Jack M'Eihone sought to obtain a seat, but the electors had had their full of him( and refused to retui h him at any price. M'Eihone became indignant and just to show his disapproval, he proceeded against his successful opponent, Alderman Poole, and had him fined £50 for a breach of the Act; Overheard at Fleming ton; Coiintry Cousin; " M.ria, what fools them people are, and your as big a fool as them to yell ' they'r off!' Why, that jockey in red hasn't moved yet! He knows when it's a false stait, you bet:" N. 8.=HE W&6 the clerk of t.ie eeilrsg: 