Very Precious. "Idid not gie it to him! H e istole t out of themothers album. He did ! he did I h. Sdidl" The speaker's voice rose with each reetition, and her cheeks got redder and redder. "I must know better than you, Rosie !" "Oh! of coinse; you do not call it giving, but I do. You were standing by; I suppose, when he took it ! Your eyes were cast down, and you put your most becoming pout on! And now that Tom Crichton, with his ten thousand a year, falls in love with you and wants to marry yon, you.ure afraid that poor Geoff Hamilton will show him your photograph and talk about your silly letters and make mis chief. -You incorrigible little flirt ! It would serve you right to be treated as you have treated others. How many men have you madefools of, I wonder? A dozen !" The ,?pe r spoke sarcastically; her hearer was beiing to cry. The girls were sisters, both young, both pretty and charming, but Letty, the younger, was a lovely, brainless little flirt. The elder, Rosalind, had plenty of. brains, but scarcely experience enough to use them judiciously. She was a brilliant creature to look at: warm-hearted and impul sive to a funlt. There was nothing she would not do or dare for one she loved, and she dearly loved her hbewitching little sister, and rejoiced with all her heart when the genial, good-looking young fellow, Tom Crichton, who came into the neighborhood to take pos session of an onexpected inheritance, fell in loveat first sight with Letty and proposed to S ir after a week's acquaintance. S .?Bi't Tom was a quick-tempered, jealous dyoung ifellow, and he had already spoken S his-mind t .Miss .Letty-aboh t her love of f :iration, She promised to amend -baher ways, Sib it was more than she could do to keep her promse. when temptation cane in alluring guse. Another young man, Geoffrey Hamilton by ea ? .hd quicky succumbed to the fascins tions of toe yeooe" , Lo 4.," d atmuo of the widowed Mrs. Maitland, who lived in a pretty cottage in the prettiest part of Kew. It as in vain that IRosalind warned the heedless young coquette that she was treating young Hamiltondisgracefully. But in good truth the young man was very well able to take care of himself. He was not very deeply wounded ; but as soon as Crichton appeared upon the scene, he'made'up his mind to punish Miss Letty, if possible, for her tricks, by pretend ing to be broken- hearted and desperately jealous. He was, however, sufficiently in love to be able to put a fair amount of seriousness into his'reproaches; and when he flatly refused to give up the photograph Letty had given him, and one or two absurd little notes she had written to him, and a glove he had purloined, the silly girl was thoroughly frightened, and firmly persuaded that " Tom " would hear all about it and break off his engagement. Had Rosalind but known how slightly Hamilton's heart was touched she would have quickly laughed Letty out of her fright; but when the girl solemnly assured her that Geoff was so much in love and so angry and jealous, that she knew he meant to have his revenge, the sensible elder sister forgot that she was not living in a melodramatic age: and, moreover, she quite overlooked the fact that liasuilton being a, gentleman, it was not likely that he would act as if he were a sneak. So, on the whole, things were looking very serious, when, for the fiftieth time at least, Rosalind tried to make her sister confess whether she had given Geoff the photograph, or whether he had taken it from Mrs. Mait land's album. She had her own opinion on the subject, so it was really waste of time to cross question the naughty, little girl, who was anxions to keep the peace between the old love and the new. "I think you are very unkind, Rosie," she said at last; "and if you do not believe me, how can I expect Tom to do it ?" "I do not expect Tom to do it ! You talk as if believing in you were a gymnastic feat. I know what I should do in Tom's place, if another man told me he had a photograph of the girl I meant to marry, and gloves and "e has only one glove and no things!" in terrupted Letty, whimpering. "Dl)on't exagger ate; and I gave Tom two photographs-one sitting and one standing-andh he has eaps and heaps of letters!'" '"I hope the spelling is all right." "I hope so. He is not much of a oseller himself. He spelt ' adored' with two d the other day-' My addored one.' It looks so funny." "Mr. Hamilton is away just now, is he not!" Rosalind asked presently. "Yes. He went to e sister's wedding. I wish it was his own." " He does not live in Melbourne, I think " "?No; he has a room in Richmond, and Ger ard Townsend lives with him." "He is the woman-hating person who is studying for something and never goes out? S. And now I suppose you are going to write tyour adored Tom? I amgoingout for a walk." "And won't you adsise me how to get back y photograph! I wish I had not given it to "Oh, so you did give it I" "I am afraid I did," sighed Letty. "But he egged so hard, and raid he had never cared enough for any grl to ask for her likeness be fore. "Poor fellow ! But he must give it up. Now go and write your letter." And Rosalind ran out of the room. Ahout an hour later, a young lady, with a mackintosh on her arm, knocked at the door of a boarding-house in a swell street in Richmond. She had evidently been walking fast, for her cheeks were glowing and her eyes were bright. "This is awful, she said to herself, as she heard steps approaching the door on the inside. A civil-looking woman opened it. "Are-are the gentlemen at home !" the visi tor asked. "I mean--s Mr. Townsend at home? I am his sister, and he expects me, I think." "Oh, walk in, ma'am, if you please. Mr. Townsend told me you were not coming until to- morrow; he is out just now, but your room is quite ready. Have you no luggage, ma'am?" The visitor muttered somsthing about the station as she went into the hall. "Please show me into the sitting-room," she said. "I can wait for my brother there. No, thank you; notes. Is this the room ?" "Yes, ma'am. The gentlemen has this be tween them. Mr. Hamilton is coming back this evening." "What is that noise!" the visitor asked. "Rain, ma'am. It's a thunder shower, I think. It always makes that noise on the roof of the verandah. It's well you was under cover, ma'an." Rosalind gave a sigh of relief as the door at last ldosed behind the landlady. "Now, if by a stroke of good fortune I can commit my felony and get away before-my brother comes in what an extraordinary thing that he should be cabinet pho on the himneypieee)" that is theman . Why, he must be forty at least! N'ow I wonder whre e Mr. Geoff heelo his treasures! In a drawer of courmse; but which drawer I do not hall like rummaging among the poor mans sessionas, but he brought it on himself." She presently came upon a packet neatly tied up with red ribbon and sealed. She pinched it. It evidently contained a photograph, for she felt the cardboard,and there was something soft that might be a loe:nd surely those were withored flowers that rnekled as she pressed them; and the more slumpy enclosures must ?e letters. Shouldshee untie the ribbon and break the seal! But time was passing, and there was really no neicsity. Then she turned the packet over and found an inoeription that ettled the qunestion. In mane writing were the words-" L's likeness and letters. Very precious." .,"PoorGcoff! Poor,dearfellow! Howde \- votedly he loves her I am so sorry for him. 'Very precious' he alls them," nsalihnd mur nued. "But promeous or not. I must rob him of thesi. We cannot le Tom. I wonder what Letty will say when she sees thles! Now, I wish I were safely out of this. I must write the tiniest scrai, of a note and leave it for poor, dear .jeoff. She closed the drawer, put the packet in her pocket, and wrote hastily on a half-sheet of paper: " L'a sister has takes \- what you have no right to keep ilgaiust her She had just addressed the envelope when she heard steps on the stars; in another mu' meat the door was opened and a handsome young maneaome i. -- - " . " How awkward I' thought Rosalind. "IBut I must keep up the character of Town send's sister. vWho in the world is he?" The newcomer stood still and stared at her. She was the prettiest girl he had seen for many a dav. She made him a little bow. "I am Mr. Townsend's sister," she said, "and I ex pect him every moment: he does not expect me until to-morrow. Did not the ladlady tell you I was here ?" "She-she-she did!" the young man gaosped. "' hat a donkey lihe is !" thought merciless Rosalind, quite at her ease, although she had just been robbing a drawer. "I wondler if you would mind going too look for my brother ?" she said aloud in the sweetest manner. .·It would be so very kind. It is awkward to be here all alone with-people coming in." She gaye him a little smile to indicate that lie was one of the people. "I have to go to the sta tion for my lungage;" ("What dreadful stories I am telling!" she added to herself;) then aloud, "and, perhaps, by the time I come back he will be here." "O, you will come back, wrillyou? But it's raining cats and dogs ! you'll be drenched !" "Oh, dear no I have a water.proof ;" and Rosalind took up her'cloak. "Thank you," as the young man rushed forward and put it round her shoulders. "And you will go and find-Gerard for me," she said. turning to him with the sweetest smile. There wasa the slightest possible hesitation before she said the name; hlie noticed nothing but the beauty of her eyes. " Thank you very much !" She was gone before le rcovered himself, and when Geoff Hamilton came into the sitting-room a few- minutes after, he found liis friend Townsend. hanging out of the window.. ; "allo, Gee !" he said,:" what's ip. You look dazed! Seen a ghost?" :"No, but the prettifst. girl s in theo world. She was here. She said sh?i vas iny sister; She asked meto go and look for myself, while. she went to the stationler her luggage." "Then she'll be back." "Not she 1 She turned the other wa'." "Then who in the world is ehea; nd -hat brouht her here?" "1 suspect you know all about that, you rascal! 'She's one of your army of martyrs, I take it." "Rubbish ! I am the martyr! What's this!" lie had picked up Rosalind's note from the writing table. " G. Hamilton, Esq.' Now for the heart of the mystery." He opened the note and read it. 'Then lie threw himself into a chair with a very red face. Then he laughed. Then I'm afraid he swore. ?Meanwhile Rosalind, with her heart thump ing half with fright and half with triumph, was speeding hemeward. She flew to Letty's room, and found that young person on herbed, reading a novel. "There !" Rosie cried, throwing down the packet, "never say again that I am not .your bt friend ! There are your letters and your photograph, and all the keepsakes you gave that poor, dear man from time to time; and you ought to be ashanmed of yourself I" What !" cried unabashed Letty.. "Did he give them up? He iis is darling!" "No," answered Rosalind calmly; " I stole them." - "0O, you dear, delightful darling! I'How sweet of you ! Poor boy, how sorry he will be! But what-finI _VWhat -is this written outside! 'L.'s likeness and letters.. Very precious.' Poor, dear Geoff, how fond he is of me !" And she gave a little sentimental ij Had you not better open the thing and see if you have them all right?' said practical Rosie. "Here, cut the knot." No sooner said than done. Acabinet photo graph fell out, then a piece of deep crimson ribbon, a few faded flowers, and two or three notes. "This is such a good likeness Tom had better have it," said Letty, as she took up the I picture, which had fallen face downward on the lied. "Look, Resio l" Roise looked, and behold, it was a likeness of a tall, handsome girl, who bore not the slightest resemblance to winsome little Letty. Beneath was written in a firm and dashing woman's hand the one word "Louie." The sisters looked at one another with blank faces. A glance at the notes revealed the same dashing hand. "So you are not the only one, and I made a fool of myself and robbed th man's draw for nothing !" cried Rosalind. " O, if I had but known I" " Never mind, dear,"said Letty ; "I am sure I don't. But I wish I knew what he sees to admire in that black woman. Just pack her up and send her back to him." A tap at the door interrupted them. It ' was a maid to announce that Mr. Townsend was in the drawing-room. He wanted to see Miss Maitland for a few minutes on business. He had a message and a little packet to de liver. "Tell Mr. Townsend I am coming directly," said Rosalind. "Oh, Rosie! do you mind!" cried Letty as the maid went out. "He has sent my picture, I suppose, and he wants his black woman back. Tell him we think her fright ful. Are you sure you do not mind seeing him?" "Not in the least," said Rosalind. "I saw his likeness in their sitting-room and he is plain and elderly. Give me those things, and trust to my ingenuity to get myself out of the scrape. They cannot say much when they know it was another girl's photograph I carried off." And just as she was-in her muddy little boots and with the wind-blown, untidy hair she went down stairs; and it still is, and it ever will remain, a mystery what those two said to one another when they stood face to face. But Geoff got back his precious packet and Letty got her photograph; she gave it to Tom forthwith and he was delighted. She is now Mrs. Crichton. Hamilton was finally captured by a pretty young'widow. I do not know what become of ' Louie," but Rosalind married Gerard Townsend, and he still thinks she is the prettiest woman in the world. 