FINGAL. t The Right Rev. Dr. Murphy, Bishop of Hobart, arrived here on Saturday, the 5th inst., from Avoca, where he had been entertained at Bona Vista by Mr. and Mrs. Rigney, On Sunday, 6th inst., he celebrated early Mass in St. Joseph's Church on the hill, and administered Holy Communion, Before the 11 o'clock Mass, which was chanted by the Rev. Thos. Kelsh, pastor of the district, he examined the candidates for confirmation, It) in number, and expressed himself well pleased with their answering, which proved that considerable labour had been devoted in the good cause of catechising by their teachers, Miss Lizzie Brady, of Mangana, and Mr. Lattin, of Fingal Though the Sunday was rather bleak and wintry a large congregation had assembled and the singing of the Mass, which comprised selections from Mozart and Breese, was well rendered by the United Fingal and Mangana choirs, under the presidency of Miss Stanfield. The hymn " Come Holy. Ghost" was changed immediately after the Mass, and the Bishop, vested in cope and. mitre, entered the sanctuary and preached' on the descent of the Holy Ghost upon the Apostles as narrated in the Acts, explaining in a manner clear and simple for the young' candidates, how that came Divine Spirit was about to descend upon them also by the imposition of hands," and exhorting them concerning the proper dispositions that should animate them. The candidates, than approached two and two, and were marked with the chrism of salvation, after which they were again addressed by the Bishop on the obligations contracted and the sacred nature of the character that marked, them henceforth as true soldiers of the cross. He also i expressed to the congregation the pleasure he felt at coming again amongst them, congratulated them on the way in which their handsome church was kept, and impressed on them the importance of attending to the Christian education of their little ones, I In the afternoon Bishop Murphy proceeded to Speyside, where Mr. and Mrs Stanfield entertained him till Tuesday ; when, after inspecting St. Basil's Church at Mangana, he returned to Fingal and thence to St. Mary's on Wednesday, for the purpose of confirming the several candidates on Thursday, Ascension Day. ' May 8th 