OUR NEW YORK LETTER. [FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.] An interesting phase of our political Life has been developed in New York and Brooklyn in the disciplining of two political bosses whose names for several years have been synonyms of power and"'pelf,'"arid' the cases are exactly analogous one being a Republican and the other a Democrat. By the skilful manipulation of these wily statesmen . Republican was triumphantly elected in a strong Democratic district in Brooklyn, and a red hot Democrat received an overwhelming majority in one of the strongest Republican districts in New York. Few names are better known in New York than that of Johnny O'Brien. Johnny has for several years past been the Jupiter Tonans of the Eighth Assembly District. The Johnny O'Brien Association is one of the features of this interesting locality, and in its tanks are to be found all the wheelers, buses, and saloon keepers of every complexion and degree. It would appear from the developments of the last election that the Republican voters of the Eighth Assembly District held their allegiance to the Republican party by an exceedingly light and uncertain tenure in point of fact, Mr. O'Brien seems to have carried it about for sale in his breeches pocket to be disposed of to the highest bidder and to his credit be it recorded he never failed to deliver the goods when the bargain had been fully consummated. The result of this delightful arrangement has been that no matter who won or who lost, Mr. O'Brien came out on top ; he went clad in purple and fine linen ; the gold of Ophir hung from his fob, and the diamonds of Golconda flashed in his bosom. He was generous, too ; he set her up for the boys whenever they were thirsty, and to do them justice they were frequently dry. Then he staked ' them whenever they got broke and he paid their fines whenever they fell into the clutches of the police ; so that, blow high or low, for weal or woe, in victory or defeat, the boys were solid for Johnny. Mr. O'Brien was not the only Republican who had done this sort of thing. Mike Cregan had done the same thing for many years, and waxed fat on it but the defeat of Thorndyke Rice for Congress was the last feather on the camel's back, so after a desperate struggle the County Committee ' bounced t Mr. Cregan. His fall broke his heart, and he died two weeks after. ' In Mr. O'Brien's district, at the last municipal election, a gentleman ran on the Republican ticket for civil justice, and he had every reason to expect being elected by at least a > thousand majority, but Mr. O'Brien had a Democratic friend, a German named Steckler, who by the way was a very popular man. The surprise came when it was discovered that' Steckler, the Democratic candidate had >' been almost unanimously elected, for only one solitary vote was found in the boxes for the Republican candidate for civil justice. Of course there was a row, and Johnny was hauled up before the County Committee, and he soon gave that enlightened body to understand that if they didn't like it they could lump it ; that the district belonged to him anyway, and that he proposed to do with it whatever he pleased. implicated with him was a distinguished saloon keeper named Barney (O'Rourke,, over whose head an indictment had been hanging for years in the office of the District Attorney. In the recent election a bitter fight took place for the District Attorney ship between John R. Fellows, who was supposed to represent the Boodle element, and De Lancey Nichol, who was the champion of the reformers. Mr. Nichol was defeated and Mr. Fellows was elected. Mr. Nichol was endorsed by the Republicans of the Eighth Assembly District, but that made no, difference to the Mr. O'Rourke and Mr. O'Brien. When the ballots were counted' Mr. Fellows came out on top, and two days after, the indictment that had hung over Barney for years, was killed in the office of the District Attorney. Republics are not ungrateful ! , For many years Mr. O'Brien has had one of the fattest offices in the city, and he has been able to provide for an army of,- wheelers from the public crib. His bank account is comfortable, his personal appearance inviting, and his surroundings all that his most ardent admirers could desire. The Republican County Committee will try and down him, but he threatens them with trial vengeance in the next Presidential election. If the election of any President, either Democratic For Republican, depends on the support of such bowlers as Johnny O'Brien and Barney O'Rourke, the sooner our form of Government is changed the better for that of the Czar of Russia or the King of Dahomey would be preferable to such a political disgrace. The case in Brooklyn is that of John Y. McKane, who is known in King's County as the King of Coney Island. Mr. MbKane's special bailiwick is the Town of Gravesend, and this old town owned the fee simple of all the ground on which Coney Island stands. Mr. McKane is ostensibly chief of police, but this office represents but a fraction of his power ; he was the town's factotum, and administered justice in a very summary fashion. Be it known that Coney Island, the beautiful, is solidly Democratic. The hardy fishermen, the farmers and old settlers would as soon think of catching whales in Sheepshead Bay as voting the Republican ticket. If every election a district in the United States is as solid for Cleveland as Coney Island, the Plumed Knight might just as well pursue the archaeological studies is, Europe for the next four years, for there will be no change in the administration, always provided that he gets the endorsement of John Y. McKane. The fight in Mr. McRae's district was for member of Assembly, and Mr. McKane had promised a friend of his that the Republican should be elected, and he was. Then went forth a roar from the terrified louder than the bull off Basham, and the infuriated clans clamored for the blood of Mr. Mornane. Mr. McKane appeared before the Democratic County Committee, avowed hut treason, and declared himself ready to take his pea- soup, and with the slightest possible delay the committee gave him all he wanted ; they kicked him out of his office, put another man in his place, and from this time forth the King of Coney Island ceases to be a factor in the Democratic politics of Kings County. The Democratic Committee of Brooklyn has done wisely in striking down this defiant up-start, and the Republican Committee of New York has done well in decapitating Johnny O'Brien. Parties are absolutely necessary in a government like ours to intelligent political action, but 'let the Republican be a Republican the Democrat, a Democrat, the Prohibitionist, a Prohibitionist, and the other a representative of United Labor. But no parties sailing under false colours, no Thugs holding themselves on sale. The examples of these two political leaders will not be lost, but it only proves that on the question of bargain and sale between the two great parties honours are easy. K novel case has been amusing the courts this week, which is an admirable illustration of the trite old adage, " Fools' and their money" etc. Miss Emily Guion had weathered the storms of 35 years, and had never g00ured that inestimable . blessing, a hushed. How this occurred it is hard to tell, %t Emily was fair to look upon, and her AVt^dupoiB was 1821. ; her family was very respectable, also had a a good healthy appetite, and 2500ft. in the bank. Now a treasure, of this kind ought not to have to hunt very long Jot a husband. But after season'' and those long weary years, and not finding a fellow, in an evil hour her eye fell on 3rd deluding advertisement of one Wellman, who promised to furnish eligible wives and husbands at five dollars a head. Miss \- Guion Invested five dollars in Mr. Well man's (Matrimonial Bureau, and three days after she drew a prize in the person of Frank Leroy. It is true he was red headed, he had lost three of his front tooth, life left leg was a little game, and his right eye off colour. But an union who has waited 35 years is not supposed " to stand upon trifles, The old adage of the bird in hand struck her with the force of Sullivan's right duke, so she frozen fast to Mr. Leroy at the first meeting. Leroy was not loth to be frozen to so after vows of eternal fidelity and fixing the wedding-day, he struck her for a thousand dollars and then, perfidious brute that he was, he vanished like a ghost 4- During the few blissful hours that passed between Paradise and Hades Mr. Wellman struck Emily for fifty dollars, and as she considered her Frank "dirt cheap at that price she" paid it without working. But when he didn't come to time, that was another thing, so she had the matrimonial agent arrested for swindling. She may send Wellman to the penitentiary, but her lover Leroy and her thousand dollars have " gone where the woodbine twineth," ' Another blooming damsel of 35 in seek- ing balm for a wounded heart from Arbuckle of Ariosa coffee fame. The faith- less lover has neuralgia in the jaws, sciatica in his back, rheumatism in his legs, and malaria all over him and in addition to the above qualifications he is credited with l,000,000dol. It will require lOO.OOOdol. to heal the wound in Miss Campbell's heart. All their old love letters are dragged into court ; he is 00, and she might acknowledge to 40, and never have her word called in question ; but she calls him " Dear Baby," and he calls her his " Sweet Bunnlo." It is all right when whispered in the ear with a gentle squeeze, but it looks very funny in cold type, and double-headed at that Moral : Say what you like but don't write. My sympathies are with Miss Campbell. Arbuckle will not miss the lOO.OOOdol, and it will do Miss Campbell a heap of good German Opera has got a black eye ; the receipts 'are below the ' expenses, and it is thought that the box-holders will be assessed 2,500 dol. a head. Too much Wagner is the cause, and the singing has not reached the standard of last year. The Prima Donna's are ready to tear each other's eyes out. Neimann has all gone to pieces. His voice, that was worth a cool five hundred a night last season, is only a shadow of its former self. Bock beer, American cocktails and draw poker have proved too much for the great baritone, and perhaps Wagner has something to answer for however, between them all they have floored poor Neimann. This will be his last season here. The Phelps family and the Dodges are again, in trouble. The firm of Phelps, Dodge and Co. was known all over the world, and their names were the quintessence of respectability, piety and wealth ; but they have had their trials as well as the rest of us, for they were associated in business with the Stokes, whose family affairs have been dragged before the courts. Only a few years ago they were compelled to disgorge to the Government 500,000dol., which it was said they had unlawfully sequestered. Thon Ed. Stokes brought the family and himself to grief by killing Jim Fisk. Later still and their uncle's estate was dragged before the Courts, and in the fight for his money they proved the old gentleman, who had always led a reputable life, to be little better than a common drunk id. And now a young scamp of the Dodge family attempts a cruel joke on his cousin, MISS Stokes, advertising through the papers that he was engaged to her, then that he was married to her, and as a climax to his villainy, that he had buried her. c-The miserable joke has created a profound sensation, and the general verdict is that he deserves the penitentiary and a cowhide. t ' Rapid transit is yet in its infancy in our sister city of Brooklyn, hut I see in a late report that a single line going through, not the most populous portion of Brooklyn, carried in 1887 thirteen millions, of passengers, and the deaths by accident were less than one in a million, and the injured from all causes not done in a hundred thousand. Not a bad beginning that, and one that speaks more than volumes for the care and skill exercised in this perilous work. ' ' While I write the city is being grid ironed in every direction with elevated roads, and it is safe to say that when all of them are completed as it is hoped they will be before the close of 1838, that the following year will show a transportation record of at least 60,000,000 of passengers,oraboutequal to then the population of the United States. Long Island is waking to a new life. It is possible, that the eastern end of it may be made the terminal point for a new line of transatlantic greyhounds, which built expressly for passengers, carrying no freight, and provided with every luxury and convenience that modern improvements suggest, it is hoped will make the voyage to the nearest point of the Irish coast in four days, and thence by rail and rapid steam to Holy head. Many of the finest watering places in the world can be found along those Long Island beaches, and while Now York will always remain a great commercial centre in point of population, the next decade will show a very active rival in Brooklyn. Death stepped in to settle a lawsuit which for the past four years has furnished work for the Courts, gossip for the town, and abundant fees for the lawyers, who have waxed fat therefrom, and whose grief is bitterer that Rachel's as there are still two hundred thousand dollars left on which they never got their claws. In Brooklyn there lived an old merchant named Valentine Who had succeeded in making a fortune of about half a million of dollars in pork, lard, and bacon and after he had laid Mrs. Valentine No. 1 to rest beneath the daisies, he bethought him he would have a good time, and being GO himself fell head over heels in love with a bloomed ing widow of 30. While in weeps! for her first beloved she was the nicest,, mildest, sweetest creature that ever wore a widow's cap. Like Bonnie Annie Laurie i her voice was low and sweet, and when, Valentine did a wooing go he got a now scratch wig, dyed his eyebrows, put on his Sunday suit and to make a long story short, in less than a month BIIB wast crowned with orange blossoms? and Valentine thought himself in paradise. It did not take him 24 hours to find out that he had made a gigantic mistake. A man may be a very good judge of pork and ham, he may be Bound on bacon and' sausages and yet get fooled on a widow. Well, that was just Valentine's ease 5 and from that time to the day of his death, which occurred just four years after, he sat on the stool of repentance and never got off. No salty tears were wasted on "Valentine's grave. One child, a son, was the result of this unfortunate ' union, and Mr Valentine had another son by his first wife, to whom he left' 200,0dol.: to, the widow the house she lived in and the income of 100,000 Jol. She sent for her father, mother and! brother, and the family got along very well till one Dr. Richards appeared on the scene, and from that hour there was trouble in the Valentine family. This self-willed woman, who had driven two husbands in sorrow to their graves, became as putty in the hands of this wily doctor, and at last so scandalous did their conduct became that her mother was forced to remonstrate with her, and then in her rage she drove her father and mother out of the house to starve. An appeal was made to the Courts, and she was compelled to pay them 12d. a week. At last her conduct became so fragrant with the doctor that the relations of Mr. Valentine declared she was in unfit person to have charge of her son,andthoCourtwas appealed to on the boy's behalf, and he was finally taken from her custody. As they tore the child from her arms it was one of the most heartrending scenes ever seen in the court of justice. The boy was carried off screaming for his mother, and the mother was carried out in hysterics. She then deeded the house she lived in to the doctor, but the affair caused such a scandal that he was compelled to deed it back. However, he succeeded in getting her to read it to him again. There is no doubt the Courts will declare the deed invalid on account of fraud and undue influence. This week she was suddenly seized with hemorrhage, and before anything could be done for her she was dead. And so ends the record of a colossal fortune and a stormy life. Mr. Valentine did what thousands have done before him and the-' late M lint thousands more are doing to-day. He was a close, hard fisted, hard headed men ; he grubbed away through sixty. years stuck to business night and day. He had no sympathy for the poor fools who fritter i away their time in pleasure ; this life is not made for pleasure, said Mr. Valentine ; it's made for work-I work and other people should, work-and he did work, and his dollars rolled up to hundreds of thousands. Then he married the widow, and after four years of superlative misery he died -a broken-hearted man. But, what of the money he left?-" Aye there's the rub ;" well, it ruined the widow and killed her, she died more miserable than Valen tine, for she was deserted by every friend she had on earth, except the doctor, and he was so terrified as he stood by the bed side that he sent out for four physicians and the coroner, to hear a witness that he had not murdered her. But he left two boys, surely they may enjoy it? Perhaps. The younger boy inherited from his aged father a miserable constitution, and from his mother a. temper and qualities that may cause his life if he lives. The other fell desperately in love with the daughter of a poor country parson and married her. It wasnotlCngtill this dowdy country girl blossomed into a fine fashionable lady, and camels hair shawls, sealskin sacques, diamonds, pearls, and rubies galore proclaimed her wealth to the world. Then she made the grand tour of Europe, and while abroad made the acquaintance of Adelaide Neilson, the actress ; she lavished presents on her which the actress was not loth to receive, and followed her from place to place like a poodle dog, till Miss Neilson died on a Pana Boulevard. Then Mrs. Vnlontinoimaginedhoraolf possessed of the spirit of Adelaide Neilson, and forthwith prepared for the stage, she called herself Adelaide Moore, and at the present time is wanaaring somewhere about the world trying to act, and no doubt is rapidly dissipating the last remnant of Old Valen tine's fortune. What a moral for more money getters. The man who accumulated this fortune, now scattered to the winds, in his life measured every man by the length of his bank account. If he had no financial backing, though he had the virtues of the Angel Gabriel, and the talents of Plato, Demosthenes and Homer combined, with Mr. Valentine who was of no account. Yet he made money, piled his gold in stacks, and died a broken hearted wreck. a. 