TALE. An Unnoticed Incident, ? Part I. A BlTrislt wind was driving tlie slbet fiorccly , : round all the cornet's as Mrs. Railton, burning out of Hammersmith road, ncared her own door. She was carrying aheavy parcel by the string; her feot were wet, her eyes aclring with the cold and the sleet, which had found tho ? ? i weak place between her bonnet and cloak, and would probably give licra very bad sore throat ; but Mrs. Railton was not thinking of these things. She was tliinking of summer, dtie 'summer fifteen years ago. How bright it had been, and how hot, evoq^whore but in the wood, and even there the breezes had been faint and warm ! What glorious colors had lain among the shadows where the foxgloves and thunderflowers grew in crowds ! Ah, that v- - ' ' was a pleasant place, and she had stood there leaning against a willow by the river, looking .. ..J up eagerly into th« handsome, eager young . face bent down to her, i - Sho almost hoard hor own voico saytng, 4 1 am not fit to bo your wifs, Donald. Iam bo stupid and bo ignorant.' And in answer ho had t*ld her that clever men always hated clever women, and that her' sweot childishno*?, her naivete and aim ? plioity were doaror to him than all the wisdom in- the world. Ah! those wore pleasant times; nnd that, was tho -happiest day of all , her life, clouded, perhaps, by a parsing fear as she listened to this now lovortfaat ' Cousin , Dennis* might be disappointed, but tho cloud. only stayed for a moment, for she did not know ?r.\ then how to bo unhappy — nothing had over 1 happened in her life t© teach her. Now all these memories wore very pleasant but they were very unwise. It would havo been muoh wisor of Mrs. Railton to think of tho washing bills and the water rate, or to ' - '? plan how she might best disgatso the long tear in Kate's ulster and mako it down to fit Jane; but then, as her lover had joyously J.i- -'?'pointed' out long ago, Mrs. Railton was not ?wise, but rather the roverse, and, unfortu nately, the qualities which had boon so charm ing to the lover then, only served to irritat® tho husband now. Indeed, it ia an unfortunate fact that the a;; men who aro tho readiest to diapenso with cleverness in a proUy girl of eovoutoen, aro . ' ' the most intoleraut of the want of it in a wife of thirty, telling tho poor wife—if they happen to meet with a clover girl who will notice them at all — what a relief it is to talk to a woman with a mind i ?; ? ' This is puzzling, and bewildqra the poor '1 wives ob to what is really expeoted of them, *77 , ..for it is not every one who can regulate her self to. the perfect medium ; that is, be clover ? !. enough to appreciate her husband, but not . V ;; clever enough to criticise him. ' ' Mrs. Railton rang tho bell, anl waited . while the ono harassed looking servant oamo from the dim region? below. She hoard the v noise of the family in tho sitting-room at tea. They were in the habit of opening tho door to each other, but it did not ocour to them to disturb themselves for their mothor. Father never did, and why should thoy? . . When Mrs. Railton entered tho room Kato 'ri 1 1 said, /.Ate you wet ? * and Jack said, 4 Are you hungry ? ' and thon they went baok to their previous subjeot of noisy discussion. There are few things that givo ono a moro Y, unpleasant shook thftn to' come homo and find one's place filled, one's wants forgotten. It gives one a foretaste of death, faint, perhaps, but unpleasant. Mrs. Ratlton looked round the table ; no ono xqado way for her. Hor husband looked up and said crossly : * I wish you would try not to be late, Lisa, it sets suoh a bad oxamplo to tho children.' — ? *' Kato rose from the head of tho table, say ing: . 4 You will havo to sood for moro tea ; this iflfinished.' . But neither of them seemed to oxpect an answer, so Mrs. Railton gave nono. Sho Tang tho be®, and, whilo the harassed sorvant V -was' bringing up somo tepid tea ond a semi taw chop, pulled off her damp gloves, and found that her finger, which hadbcon passed under the string of tho parcol of books, was ?' bruised and cut. Sho had not noticcd this 7 ' whilo her hands were so cold, but it began to ache and smart as ehe hold hor fingers to the ^JfinS. ' .'1 ' Mr. Rtilton wont to his armohafir ana lit Ms pipe ; tho ohrldrcn wenjt to tho othor ond '' - ' of- the room and diecusicd their lessons in undertones. Mrs. Riiltoa attaoked her , . comfortless tea. Sho was cold, and tired and .miserable, and longed, foolishly, for a lU&o; sympathy ; so sho asked for some. ? 4 1 havo hurt my finger,' said she. 4 How did you de it f ' said Jane, looking up from her books ; but thon Jano was al ' 'ways glad of an oxcuso to look up from her books, so her sympathy did not count for muoh. ,4Iwas carrying thoso books for your fathoTi and I never noticed that tho string was outting my finger, because my hand was so cold. Thoso law books aro so heavy.' t '? ' ? 1 To u should have ohanged to anothd^ finger,' said Kato practically. Sho was a handsome, clover girl, very like her father, and was certainly far too wise over to hurt , herself by doing things for other people. 1 Did you say you hurt yoursolf P Whoro _aro tho books, by tho way?' askod Mr. *, -Railton. 'Thero! Oh, thook you.' Thon as ho looked at thom he addod, frotfully : * They aro all wrong ; just as I might havo expeoted.! 'Are thoy ically wrong, Bbnald ? Oh, what /.a pity! I was afraid of m&lriog; mistakes that I gave tho list you wroto out to tho librarian, and fboso are what ho gave mo. I am bo sorry they are wrong. 1 1 might, havo oxpeoted it,' mutterod Mr. Railton crossly. ' I wishod I had gono my self, here's a wholo ovening wasfeod. I came homo early on uurposo to read. I might just as well been at tho office.' * I am so sorry,' ropeatcd poor littlo Lisa. 4 So am I,' he said sharply, and loaned moodily ugiinst tho mautlo-pioco. * Aro you quito sure thoy aro all wrong, Donald ?' 'It is msddonlng to havo a wholo ovoning wastod when I havo so few freo,' said Mr.1 RiUton testily, ignoriog her question. * Sinoo I can't road, I may as well go out. ICite, if you can mauago to dress iu twenty minutes I will tako you to the theatre.' Kato gladly throw aside her books and ran upstairs. Jano bogan to otruggK) with Goorgo fi»r tho French dictionary. Mrs. Railton waa not very muoh disturbed. Sho was acou3tomod to ba rlightod, but sho made a weak protest. ' You should uot take her from her lessons, D maid.' 'Sho oan look aftor her lessons herself. Sho is novor bobiudhand in her work.' 4 You promised to tiiko rao ono ovoning, and I think ? ' * Oh, that's what you mwn, ii it, by your anxioty about her lessons ? Paul, go up stairs and toll your sistor to eomo baok to her b.*)oks. Your mother wishes to go iustead of her.' Paul, a ehubby, stolid boy uf eight or nine — oouaidored tho clevor ono of tho family bo canoe ho mado tho least noiso— only openc-1 bit mouth and waited. He felt satire in his father a tono and knew ho should not * havo to go on that errand. Poor Lisa felt* moro miseraclo than over. Sho kao w she was being wronged, but sho did not know how to state her case. , 'I am muoh too tirod to go out,' sho'^ said. * Then ou needn't spoil my pleasiftfe by making k you want to/ snapped her hmband. Lisa knew he was not at all likely to diiturb his enjoyment by any thoughts ef hor; but sho wa3 just as well, perhaps. ICato callcd at that instant to know if she might borrow hor mother's oorals, and Lisa went upstairs to get thom fojr her and seo that she was woH wrapped up. Presontly a cab was whistlod for, and tho father and daughter drove off . Tho Railtons were iu tolerably easy eiroum sUnces. Tho children wont to good sohools, andMp. Railton could havo afforded a better house and moro servants, if he had not pre ferred to save in that respect, and spend t^o monoy in ways pleasanter to himself. If any oao had suggested that ho ought to make lifo p!oasanter to his wife, he would havo ro garded such an idea as sentimental nonsense, declaring that ho was an exceedingly good husband, and that Lisa had everything sho wanted ; and as for housework, that was a woman's duty. 4 Want pleasure, indeed! A married woman ought not to want pleasure, sho ought to stand aeido at her ago, and lot her jyirls havo the pleasure.' A precept, by the way, ho did not dream of applying to himself. Donald Railton was a lawyer— getting on fast, and meaning to got on much faster ; but, unfortunately, in his progress ho had loft the eager lover, who assured sweet littlo Lisa Grey that her simplicity was tho very quality for which ho had cho30u her, so far in tho past, that now ho had not even patience left for his jaded, spiritless wife, and much preferred tho company of his sharp, animated daughter, who could understand him, and who novor looked into his eyes with tlio reproachful wistfuluoss that somotimes mado his wifo's faco so irritating. Mra. Railton had been sitting by tho fire about half an hour, ongsged in making a new petticoat for Kato, when tho door- bell rang, nnd tho harassed maid appeared an nouncing : 'A gentleman, ma'am. Shall I show him in the drawing-room, or in here ?' 4 Why, in here, of course/ said a cheery voice; and next a tall, bearded, bronzed stranger stood in the doorwdy. * Cousin Dennis !' 'Cousin Lisa !' 'Oh, Dennis, how tall you have grown!' . 4 Ttfy fakh, Lisa ; how tKtn you are ! ' And these greetings over, Cousin Dennis West came forward into the room and spoke to thc children, seated himself by the fire and plunged into conversation. 'Tell me about everything/ he began. 4 How is Radton ? Getting on like a house on fire, I suppose ; and in a fair way to becomo Attorney-General, or something equally dis tinguished. And how are you, Lisa? You are as pretty as ever. May a cousin say that, now you arc a dignified matron ? I romember fifteen year ago, you refused to sing ducts with me for a week, because I said something like that.' Mrs. Railton was not so pretty as she was fifteen years ago ; but if Cousin Dennis thought so, it was pleasant he should say so in that frank, brotherly tone. She asked what he had been doing all these years. ' Making money, dear j such a lot of money . quite a fortune ; and I have come to London to invest it. I am going to ask your husbaud's advice-^he knows everything ; he always did know everything. I say, Lisa, do you remem ber Lame Woods fifteen years ago ?' Did 6he not ? Had she not beon thinking of it only that evening ; though this dear, kind Cousin Dennis had held but a sn^all place in her thoughts. 4 What a ^ab I was then !' went on Cousin Dennis. 4 And how Railton sat on me, and you, too ! You despised me because I was throe months younger than you and very pro perly, too. What an exhibition I made of myself, and how you must have laughed at me !' ? I was so young,' said Lisa, for she could not den) having joined in Railton's laughter, though in her heart she was sorry for the poor petulant boy who had taken lier engagement to the handsome young lawyer so bitterly to heart. 4 Yes/ laughed Dennis, 1 1 was tliree months your junior ; that was the offence. You failed it a year — you remember — because your seven teenth birthday had passed a weoklicfore, and I was still only sixteen. But it is only three months, you know. Well, Lisa, you will be glad to hear that I very soon got over my disappointment ; indeed 1 have had a good many more since. I say, Li$a, now I look at you again, you don't look half so well as I thought you did. Have you j been ill'?' It was true. Now the fluijh of pleasure and susprise had faded from her face, she looked as shs generally did, ill and worn. Sho murmured something about being overtired this after noon. , 1 You arc, indeed, I can see,' he said, 4 and you are sitting in an uncomfortable chair all this while/ He jumped up and looked round the room. 4 Here, youngster move out of that,' and disturbing tho stolid Paul from a low folding-chair he brought it round to the fire, installed Lisn, in it, brought her a footstool and a screen, and then leseating himself went on pouring out reminiscences, while Paul stood by with his mouth wider open than ever. Their talk was all about the time long ago wten Lisa was a merry light-hearted girl, the happiest in a happy home, with father, mother, brothers and cousin all ready to pet her ; when life seemed one long holiday, and time was reckoned by skating, expeditions and hay' making and nut-gathering., 4 And the piano, Lisa — the dear old piano. Do you romember our duets on it? Can you still play the barrel-organ with three notes missing ? Do you remember 4 Ganyowcn' ? — our own arrangement, when I played the air down in the bass, and we made it sound so gloriously inebriated ? Could you play it now?1 * Let's go upstairs and try. Is there a fire, children ?' Jane said, 4 No, there isn't.' 'Never mind, we can light it/ said Dennis. 4 Do you remember when we got up at -1 o'clock to gather mushrooms, and never went further than the kitchen fire ? We lighted it, you know, to cook some breakfast, and then sat, making toast and drinking coflee, until we fell asleep, and didn't wake up until cook came down-stairs to make the regular breakfast.' They had gone upstairs while he was speak ing, and Lisa lit the gas, and r.-is about to put a match to the fire which, after the manner of second-rate household:-, was ready laid. Cousin Dennis said : 'Allow ine/ and took the matckcs from her, noticing tho hurt finger as lie did so. 4 Why what is this, Lisa?' ' Nothing, nothing at all.' ' Yos, it is. How have you hurt it ?' ' It is nothing; only carrying heavy books.' ?Why, Lisa, since/tfhen have you taken to reading 'heavy books'? And wcio you so anxious to improve your mind that you damaged your fingers ?' It impressed the children vaguely that their mother did not say the books were not for her self; they would have said so in a moment and got all tho sympathy they could. Their mother got sympathy enough, however, even on the misunderstanding that she had hurt herself in her own service. Cousin Dennis dispatched Paul for vaseline, and Jane for an old handkerchief, and made just as much fuss over mother's little ailment as mother would have made over one of them. This astonished tho children completely ; and alL the evening, while Lisa talked and laughed like a girl over old, by-gone jokes and by-gono scrapes and adventures, they crowded round her to listen, with a respect for her unknown before. Mr. Railton, when told of Dennis West's arrival, remembered him faintly as a forward boy, whom lie had very properly put down, but did not take enough interest in him to be pleased or displesed at his reappearance until he heard about tho money. Then he was pleased, naturally ; the mere novelty of the thing was delightful. In these hard times we nre so much likelier to meet with people who want to raise money than people who want to invest it. So he made Dennis welcome to his house, and gave him a great deal of very useful advice. Dennis had a good deal of money, as he had said, but it was scattered at random over the globe. Wherever in his restless life he had happened to acquire money, he had invested it on the spot it concerns good, bad, or iudiflerent. The good investments Mr. Railton advised him to leave alone. The bad were to be called in at once— even at a loss — but the indifferent were to be dealt with cautiously. The most extensive among the latter wore in Mergui, and it was settled be tween the two men that West should go out again presently, fortified by a great deal of advice from Railton, to dispose of them satisfactorily. Meanwhile, Dennis West went often, to the little house in Upton street, and the oftencr he went the less he liked it. Not only because on a nearer acquaintance he found Donald Railton to be narrow-minded, selfish, and contradictious, but because he saw Lisa incessantly worried and slighted, and had to see in silcnco. Oh. I had onco a truo lovo, Now I nave a very ill- temperod husband, And I had threo braw brithers, but I hao tint them a'. My father and my mithor sleep in the mold this day. I eit me lauo— in tho midst of a housi* full of unattractive and intractible childern, Dennis hummed this vexy freo adaptation of ono of Lisa's conga ono afternoon inMaroh as ho walkod toward Upton-streofc. Poor Lisa ! Once the spoiled darling of a happy home, now tho tired drudge of an inconsid wato household. Ho could not eeo how sho could possibly havo any pleasure iu living. Dennis West was a naturally light- hearted man who had nover realised that tho greater part of mankind has no pleasure in living. Ho thought of his poor little cousin's troubles as something exceptionally sad and terrible ; to-day, as ho neared Lisa's door, ho was thinking that, if ho did not make haste and get away to Morgui, he must have a big row with Railton, and toll him what ho thought of him. Ho rang tho bi'll nnd waited pationtly, for it often took tho harassed servant somo timo to disengago herself from the mysteries below and put on a clean apron. But presontly it dawned on him that, us ho was not oxpooted, tho family might bo out. Then it occurred to him that on such a fiuo afternoon everybody might bo in tho gardon. So ho walked round to tho ond of tho road and up the lano at the back, counting tho shabby brown doors until ho found tho right number. Tho door stood open, showing tho narrow strip of damp garden. Dennis looked eagerly forward to seo if any ona was in it, but beforo ho could seo ho could hoar. Only the old story, some thing had gono wrong, aud Lisa was being scolded aud sueored at boforo tho children. ' You should havo had tho children roady in timo, and boen ready yourself. I won't wait. Wo have missed one train already. Wo ought to ba thero now.' 4 It is vory unkind of you to loavo mo be hind.' 'Ib is your own fault. You had better come by tho noxt train.' ' I will not come alono on a visit, and lot every one Beo how my husbaud treats m c.' DonhiB moved away quiokly, partly bocauso ho know what .bitter words would follow Lisa's indignant spoeeh, and ho did not want to hear them, and partly beoauso ho knew the shortest way to the railway station waa through *the baok gardon, and ho did not wish Railton to seo him. He might ohango his mind, and stop at home, and Dennis did not want that now ; ho wanted to see Lisa, and cheer her a littlo if ho could. Ho heard a noisy party troop out ho gave them timo to turn round tho corner, and thon ho entered at tho gato. Lisa stood alono in the gardon, tho early spring light falling round hor, seeming to mook tho big tears on her faco Her surrounding woro not pootio. Tho little trim rows of cabbago plants and carrots wcro sprouting foobly on each eUlo of hor. Thedampmouldof tho path, sprinkled stingily with a fow ungainly pebbles, looked dull and squalid in tho afternoon light ; in tho back ground, tho harassed servant was languidly shaking a duster out of a bod room window. Dennis stood in tho doorway looking at Li?a. Sho had on a big print apron, nnd it was rathor dirty ; her hair was untidy,' her faco tirod and fluahed, vory possibly it was somowhat dirty, too But Dennis West did not soo all this — ho only saw that, standing thoro, who suddonly put up her hands to hor faco and broko into helpless, hopeless, tears ; thon f-lio turned without seeing him and wont iuto tho house, her hoad bent, her shoulders shaking with sobs. And seeing this, Dennis wai Titled with an overmastering pity. It wna truo — as ho had taken pains to make her understand— ho had quito overcome his old boyish lovo ; but ho had not forgotten his friendship for tho play mato of his childhood, nor his gratitudo to hor father and brothers — who had beon brothers and a father to him — and for friend ship's sako, and for gratitudo, he would do what ho could for Lisa now. Ho could not do much ; ho could net chango hor husband into an idoal lover ;ho could not reform her children, nor plant groves of trees nil down Upton street to improvo the pros pect; but ho could at least get thero of toner than over to cheer hor up Ho could talk over old times witli hor, play over old tunos, keep hor husband in good temper nnd prevout tho children from plaguing her, at least ono ovening evory week ; and ho would do so, evon if ho had to lot tho Mergui property go to ruin. He waited about half an hour, and then wont round to tho front of tho houso and a^ked for Lisa. Ho found hor patient nnd sweet as ever, ready with conventionol excuses 1 for her husband's absence, and not a sign of anger or didcontcnt on hor face, and finding this, his pity and veneration for hor grow all the c coper. Dennis not b?i.i0' married, thero is no means of judging -what sort of a husband ho would havo mado himself ; but thero is no limit to ono man's indignation when another man neglects his wife. Indeed, however indif ferent a man may bo toward his wito, ono wonders that, if only for policy, ho doos not conceal it boforo other men. The sight of a slighted wifo invariably raises all that is noble and chivalrous in an onlooker, and a friend ship founded on chivalrous dovotionon ono side and gratitudo on tho other, is about tho most dangerous friendship that cau exist between a married Moinan and a man not hor husband. Ib assails her on hor weakest and most woman ly side — tho need of protection. It enlists all his best qualities on the side of wrong doing, until whilo she thinks she is only grate ful and she only means to bo generous, they drift past all help. When Dennis thought everything over that night, and his own mind reaffirmed his unspoken resolution to remain ia London for tho eako of rondoring poor little Lisa's lifo as bcarablo as possible, ho wont to sleep with an easy mind, utterly unconscious that any practical person would have told him that nono but a fool or a knave would have made euch a resolution. Part II. Tho spring and summer }ind auturau had passed monotonously, but moro pleasantly, to Lisa than any time sinco tho first few months of her marriage. It was winter now again, just a yoar sinoo Dennis West had dropped so unexpectedly iuto her lifo, and in all that year his friendship and never foiled her. Ho was away just now — something had gone wrong with his business affairs, and ho had beon spending tho past weok or two in looking aftor them. It was cold, bright, frosty weather now and Mr. Railton, who was certainly a hard working man, was talking advantages of one of his raro holidays to give hiB family a day's skating. Tho children wero al mustered in the hall, and Mr. Railton was looking them over to see if thoy woro in overy respect fit to go out with him 4 Lisa, look at that child 'a gloves.' Lisa looked. ' Put on her best gloves to-day, Paul 1' ' I haven't got any best.' ' Yes, doar, you havo. Whero aro thoy ? IJbought you a pair a fortnight ago.' So sho had ; but Jane had been surrepi tiously wearing them to school overy day, and this was tho result. 'I haven* t any but these,' Paul said stolidly* with a hazy motion that oithor ho or Jano was in for a row, and that it had better bo he beoauso Jane was only a girl. i You naughty boy, you know I bought you a now pair. Where aro thoy ?' 4 Thero, there, don't scold tho poor ohild and spoil his day,' said Mr. Railtoo fretfully. ' I really think you might try to have tho children decently dressod when I am going to tako thom out.' So it was mother who was in for tho row after all. Well, mother waa always in rows I still it seemed rough on mothor that sho should bo scolded because they had not obeyed her. When thoy reached Regent's Park, thoy found tho ice bearing, and a good mauy Bkators. The frost had not lasted long, and tho Humane Society waa iu full foroo with all its apparatus. Tho sight of tho ropes and ladders startled Lisa, and sho timidly siiggosted that they should inquiro which was tho shallowest part. Tho shallowest part' how ovor proved to bo aleo tho most crowded ; so Mr. Railton deoidod to try olsowhoro, where only a few skaters woro disporting themselves, and ton minutes later thoy woro on tho ico. ' Thoro is nothing like violent oxoroiso for driving away low spirits, and thore is no ovorcise moro delightful than skating — so slight a motion of tho muscles sends this heavy body, which drags so wearily on foot, flying lightly along, tho froah wind blowing in tho faoo, the warm blood danoing and raciug through all one's veins, in tho intone© onjoymont of motion with the fatiguo of motion. We riso to tho level of a bird when skating only Morcury-liko, our wings aro on our feot. Beforo long Mrs. Railton was onjoying herself thoroughly, aud Mr. Railton laughing happily with tho ohildron. Tho children skated well and did not noed to bo draggod about whioh was fortunato, for Lisa would certainly havo dono moat of tho dragging ; and, as it was, sho was in a fair way to spend tho after noon vpry pleasantly indeed. Sho wntohed her tall Btylish daughter skating about with her iathor, and thought how well they looked togother. So did tho younger onos as thoy dashed aboub in couples. Lisa was tho odd ono os tho party ; but it did not occur to hor to let that troublo hor. Frcfth people kopfc coming on tho ico. Sho enjoyod watching almost as much as skat ing. Presently, as sho stood ot tho further ond of tho pond, her husbaud and children camo skating towards hor; thoy stopped as they noarcd her, and for a fow momonts thoy all stood in o group watchiog tho rest of tho skaters. A stalwart couple, both about six foot high, camo skating clumsily, but happily, along, wavored, olutohed wildly at caoh othor, and foil. A fow good naturod pooplo rushed forward to assist them, when thero was heard a resonant orack, and a long whito lino shot across tho ontlro width of tho pond. Thoro wau a chorus of ' Ohs' — half laughter and half foir— and a gonoral stampedo for tho 'shore. Mr. Railton was ono of tho first to movo, but in a second, horecollootod, stopped, hesitated, thon soized Kato in ono hand, Paul in tho other and mado for tho bank, culling to tho others to como on. Lisa stood breathloss. Sho had scon tho pause, the consideration — ' Whioh shall I Bavo* — nnd that sho had beon lefts, and tho sight took away all dosiro and power to move. Noxt second, tivo strong arms soizad her shoulders, nnd sho was hurled, rathor thau drawn, into safety. Every ono stood silent on tho bauk, waiting to soo tho water bubble up through tho crack. Thoy did not soo it. Tho ico looked as strong and as sife as ovor, and pivwoutly people began to realize this and to feci foolish. Lisa hoard a low, jolly laugh, aud, looking up at hor rescuer, Baw a big, black boarded man who took off his hat and began apolo gizing for his unnecessary roughness. ' No danger whatever ; tho ico is jus fettling down. I suppose yon know that and so didn't move. I thought you wero too frightoncd to stir, aud so I just shot you off. I hope I didn't hurt you ; but I saw you were quito alono, and it took tho disgrace o ff my own flight to resoue somebody.' . He laughed agaiu and started on the ieo I onco more, followod by Boreral others. ! « I say, he thought mothor was alone !' I eaid Paul. 4 If tho ico had broken, and yon | lmdu't got wot, I should havo beon glad ho ' waa there, wouldn't you, father ?' | No one seemed disposed to follow Paul into these abstracted speculations. Mr. Railton ! changed the subject abruptly, saving : ' Nonsencc ; don't let a little crack like that frighten you. Come along.' Mr. Railton, was, perhaps just a little ashamed of himself and that made his tone atf the harsher. ' I do not care to come.1 'You can't stand about all alono in the cold. If you won't skate, you had better go home.' ' I will go. Tell the children I am tired. I need not ask you to take care of them.' 4 1 am sorry you are tired. Mind and take a good rest when you get home,' and he skated after the children round the corner, leaving her on the bank. A sudden turn brought bearded rescuer to her. He saw her struggling with her skates and stopped. A look of good-natured remorse orerspread his handsome, kindly face, as he noticed her colorless lips and trembling hauds. ' Going ? Let me take your skates off, and let me apologize again. lean see I frightened you, though the crack didn't. Perhaps I hurt you, but we never havo any ice in Ireland, so I don't understand it, and I really thought there was danger, and, as you were alone — Pray do not be angry with me.' He changed his sentence, because ho saw that for some reason his words troubled her, and supposed that she resented his addressing her a second time ; though, indeed, the veriest prudo living could not have taken offence at his frank, impersonal manner. Lisa left a sudden rush of emotion to think only a stranger should care to deprecate her anger. 4 Indeed, I am not angry. I am very much obliged to you.' 4 Then I hurl you. You are looking as white as a ghost.' 4 No, not at all ; indeed no, only I am tired, and not very well, so I am going home. Thank you,' as he gave her her skates neatly strapped together, and she made an effect to look strong and independent as she walked up the low, steep bank. 4 One moment,' he said. She turned. ' ' I'm waiting for my wife,' he said, ' but she won't scold me for making her wait when I tell licr what I have been doing. You must let me see you home or at least to the station.' ' Oh, thank you no, it is not in the least .necessary.' ' Not in tho least.' said anothor voice. 4 It seems I am come just in time to be of use, Lisa.' ' Oh, Dennis, I am so glad to see you back again.' 'That's all right, then,' said the stranger chccrfully. ' can leave you with a easy con science.' ' Thank you, very much/ said Lisa Tho stranger waited just a second bo causo,. if tho now-comer woro tho lady's brothor or husband, ib was only natural ho would want to mako somo acknowledgment I of his attention to her ; and suoh was tho frauk ohcorfulness of his manner that Dennis found himself instinctively murmuring somo indistinot courtesy. Then ho and Lisa walkod toward tho gato in silonco. Presontly Lisa said : ' Dou't you think ho must bo rathor a nico husband?' 'Who?' ' Why, he ; tho gentleman who took off my skatos. I was tired, and wanted to go home, and couldn't manago tho straps.' ' Didn't Donald know you wantod to go home?' i ' Yes, of courso I didn't go without tolling I ; him ; but ho was at tho othor sido of tho pond. I daro say ho didn't know I was go- ! ing just at that moment.' Poor Lisa ! botweeu her sense of discom fort at what hIio took for a robukoin Dennis' : tono, and i ? v dislike of oxplaining. her hus band's nogleot, sho spoko vory lamoly. But sho was mistaken. Tho disapproval was not for hor, for Dennis had reached tho bridge a moment boforo tho ico craoked, and had seen and understood tho wholo incident. ? 'I dont.think ib was oxactly proper/ Bho said, 4 but he only meant to bo kind, beoauso ho saw, I moan, thought, I was alouo.' ' You woro alone,' said Dennis abruptly. ' Whon I am not with you you aro always alono, whou will the others como bfickP' ?Oh, not until lato ; they woro going to n little party after the skating. I had forgot ten that.' , And sho romomberod that no ono had re called it to her mind, or asked her if sho would join them whon sho was routed. Thoy walked ou iu silonoo to tho Marylo bono-road; as thoy crossed it a sickly, hideous column of emoko rushed up through ono of tho ventilators of tho underground railway. 4 Oh dear/ sho said, taking a deep breath of tho oloar frosty air, 4 wo havo to go down tliat to got homo.' 'Wo aro not going home,' said Donuif, quietly, 'wo aro going some whore, anywhere, it docs not matter; a piefcuro gallery will do.' 4 1 think I should liko it,' said Lisa, hesi tating. 'I am not wanted at homo, the children will not bo back until tho evening ; and Donald will bo quito lato, aud a picture gallery will bo sack a pleasant change.' ' That it/ sad Dennis shortly. ' It's time you had a change.' They walkod walked ou, on through tho , streetsuntilthcyrcaohodthogallory; butwhen thoy rcaohed it Dennia lod her past all tho pictures to a quiofc sont; and signed hor to sit down. Sho looked up surprised. ' We camo hero to talk/ ho said shortly, 1 Lisa, I was on the bridgo just now and saw all that happened.' She saw something in his faco which sho did not understand. 4 Then — it is no uso pretending any moro,' sho said. ' No ; no, it is no uso pretending any more. Lisa, all this year you havo been pretending not to bo wrotchcd, and I have been pretend ing to believe you. But I havo known all tho timo how things woro/ 'Yes,' she said, ' I was pretending to bo satisfied whon I thought you believed me bub that is no use now. It is oftou like that — nearly always when you are not thero.' When he was not thoro ! And ho had como to tell her that ho mnst go away for good. That waa tho news ho had brought back from his threo weoks of inspection. His losses had been so groat, his affairs had become so involved that nothing but his own presence could stave off ruin. He must toli her that ho must leave her — almost at once —leave her now sho had grown used to hid friendship — leave her without a friend iu the world, to boar ber troubles alono ? Oh, Lisa ! glad-hoarted, bright-soulod Lisa, wero you only mado for this— to wcor out your life as tho dospised drudge of a man who has tired of you? And must tho man who loved ycu as a child, and moro deep and tender than the old, leave you to bear your burden alono ? No, never. She had as good a right to lovo and happiness as any woman in tho world. Why should sho live this long, alow death, when ho could givo her far better things ? ' You want to tell mo something,' sho said. 'Is it — is it that you are going sooner than you thought?' ' I am going at once.' She watched him with parted lips, waiting perhaps guessing what was coming, for his voico had no sound of farewell in it. 4 Lisa/ ho went on, ' when I first caino back I tried in my blundering way to show , you^ that my childish lovo for my protty tyrannical cousin waa gone, outgrown.' ' Yes, I understood ; if it had not been so, you would not have como.' 'I would not, Lisa. I came back to be your friend, and I stayed to bo your friend, and I saw your sweetness, and your pationco and your suffering. And now I lovo you ten thousand times moro than evor you wero. loved in your beautiful youth.' 4 Oh, my beautiful youth ! ' It was a cry of bitter regret for good things hopelessly past. ? Thero is no woman ou earth moro to ba pitied than you. Your youth id gone, and yonrboanty is gono, and you have nothing instead of them.' 4 Why do you tell mo ? ' she said, wearily. 1 Do I not know ? ' 'Lisa,' ho went on, 'somo women have to ! bear poverty, nnd benr ib beoaupe their husbands lovo them. Soma havo to bear negleot, but their livfH aro passed in oaae, and they do not mind it ; others, who havo neither love nor comfort, havo prido and ploasuro in their children. What hwo you ? I alone lovo you, why should you not lovo me ? I alono want you, why may I not havo you ? Lisa, I swear to you that if your , husband loved you, I should not; if there had beon any hope in your life, I should havo boon content to havo passpd out of it in silcnco ; but you know as well as I do, that tho shock once over, no ono will even miss you. Remember what happened just now.' It was truo, sho know it. If sho had died that day, sho know how littlo difference it would havo mado in her home. 4 Your husband, whom you- trustod in your youth, fails you now. Can you deny it'.' 4 Jtfo.' 4 And to whioh of your ohildrou oan you turn, saying : 'This one atloast, will bo tho comfort of ray ago ? ' ? 4 To none of them/ 4 Lisa, will you como with mo to- night to Mergui?' They stood feeing each other, a fow feet apart. Thero was no passion in their voices or their eyes. Sho only waited whilo ho spoko his uualterablo conviction. 4 You havo no idea what it will be liko/ ho said. 4 Instead of your, lifo hero, with its endless slights and loveless patience, instead of tho burden which has worn your poor, weak hauds and bruised your dear, truo heart, you will have rest and perpotual summer, and soft airs, and ondlcss lovo and tender ness.' ' I will come.' 4 Wo will go to-night,' ho said. 4 1 havo had news whioh makes it absolutely necessary that I should go at onco. . If you como with mo, Donald will novor guess whero wo are. Ho will not think I havo gone to Mergui, beoauso I havo so oftou spoko of going thero. Ho will think that wae only a blind.' 4 1 daro say.' 4 The train starts at 11.30. Will you come to my rooms ? That will be better than your going to Iho station. Stations aro so crowded. 1 should not liko you to bo in a crowded station at night.' ' I will come.' 'Ho — Donald, I mean — will not bo baok until late you say ? Tho steamer will havo started beforo ho finds that you havo gono.' ' I supposo so.' 4 Till to-night, thon. Wo must part now. I havo things to arrango. Do not bo lato.' 4 Good-by.' ' Good-by, Lisa my love. I will make you so happy .' ' I liopo so, I think so ; and I should liko to bo happy boforo I dio, and no ono wants mo horo.' Sho roso as she spoko, and ho put hor into a cab at tho door. ' Do not bo later than 11 o'clook,' ho Baid. 'No.' She did not look up &s; tho oab drovo off ; sho sat as in a dream. So ib was all over — the long bittor, joyless struggle — sho was going to bo hapny at last. Ono person iu tho world wanted hor, she would go to him, and her plaoo hore would simply oloso up. No one would miss hor ; no ono would ovon bo surprised ; whatever sho did had always boon displeasing. Sho had tried eo hard to bo good all theso years, and what was tbo uso? Tho harassed servant showod no surprise as sho re-ontered, only inquiring if, sirco she had oome homo, she would oloan tho plato as alio usually did on Wodnoaday afternoons. Lisa eaid, 'yes/ and put on hor apron to begin, laughing softly to horsolf as sho poliehed tho host tea-pot and tho not very, nuraorous spoons aud forks, to think that sho was nover to do such work again, for sho was to bo a happy woman, loving and loved. Tho time passed quiokly, sho was as tonished to find how late it was. When tho ohildron returned from tho party thoy word tired, which was fortunate, for ib mado them inclined to go to bod, aad they wont on hor suggestion without any opposition. Tho oldest girl hid stayed with her father. Lisa waa annoy od aud distressed, for growu*up parties and lato hours wero oven moro harm ful for K*to than for most younir girls. Thon she remembered that nothing Kate did need concern hor now. There .was positivo rest iu tho thought alroady. PoorLina ! Astrong-mindod, high-3pirited woman would havo known hotter, would havo kuowu tho road eho was taking had novor yet proved tho road to happiness. A wiso woman would havo soon tho weakuess of Dennis' arguments, would havo understood hotter what aho was doing. But po'jr Lisa was not wi-e, and had no strength of miud or will. That was not her fault. Ronald Railton had chosen a fool, and, hating married her, had bluntod hor faculties nnd dulled tho littlo intelligence sho had by nogleot and hat&hncss; ; so she had got into tho way of doing what aho was told when it was unploasant, now aho would do what oho was told when ib seemed vory, very pleasant indeed. Who among hor family could re proach her? Who of thom deserved that she should still sacrifice herself to thom ? It took her very litttlo timo to make her fow preparations. It was 10. *15 o'clock as sho stood ou tho landing ready. Tito door into tho boys* bedroom stood opon, tho gas j was still full on ; mechanically sho entered I to turn it down. Tho youngest boy was iu i his orib ; sho passed by him almost carelcssly. Paul lay asleep w.th ono haud grasping a crumplcd paper. There was a certain beauty in his stolii, chubby faco after all. His mouth, too, looked actually pretty whou ib was shut. ' How I would havo lovod my ohildron if thoy had cared about it,' sho murmured btauding over Paul's bed, and half-ashamed of offering inuought tenderness, sho stooped and kissed him. ? Mother,' ho started awako suddonly, rub biug his eyes with his loft hand. ' Yes, it's mothor,' and he held out the crumpled paper toward her. 'What is this, Paul?' and unfolding it Bho saw two crushed maoaroons in the lust stato of heat and stickiness. 'Thero'ro from tho party you didn't go, I and I thought you'd like somo.' ' Paul, did you think of mo at tho party ?' 4 Yes, lota. I'vo been thiuking a long time. I'vo been thinkiug ? ' 4 What have you been thinkiug ?' ' You'ro always doing things for up, and nobody in good to you but Dennis, und he's going aw.iy, and thoro won't bo anybody ; so I am going to bo always liko Dennis to you.' Young as ho wa?, ho was thoroughly Eug lish, and ho looked moro ashamed of his good impulse than if he had been caught stealing jam. His mother was looking at him in eager wonder. He went on, mumbling his words, scarlot-faced, and rubbing rhis eyes with both hands ; row both woro freo. ? 'Father's alw.vys scolding you, and wo bother you, and Tommy Brent's mother isn't half as nico as you ; but they aro all good to hor, and wo'ro horrid ; but I won't be any more.' ' My son, my son !' she cried, ' do you un derstand what you say ? You will not forget to-morrow ? You are so young, you cannot understand.' Sho flung herself on her knees by the bed, gozing with piteous oigorness into his half awakoned face, and, as sho looked, 4 Tho soul of tho child stood up in his eyes,' and sho know it was no childish whim, but tho begin ning of a great joy for her. Ho put his warm arms around her nook, and fell asleep thore. Ton minutes to 11. Sho wouid soon bo with him, and everything was roady. ? Dennis paced up and down his room in a fever of impalienco, moro miserablo than over- ho had been in his life. Ho had triumphed — that is, ho had succeoded ia making tho woman ho loved other than «he might havo boen. Sho was worse, and not bettor, for knowing him. He had persuaded hor to do wrong in tho hope that, together, they might fiud happi ness, and his misery had begun already. Lisa, tho patient, gentlo saint. Ho, had mado her no longer a saint. He, who had meant to be her best friond, was now her worst euomy. Ho had loved her for her purity, hor sweet patieuoe and eudurauee. .What if ho ccased to lova her now ho himself had des troyed thoeo qualities ! It would nob astonish him! Nothing would astonish him that ho found himself doing now. Ho had thought himself honorablo and upright, and ho was neither. He had thought himself a truo friend to Lisa, and ho was nono. Now, whou ho thought himself a faithful lover, ho w could ho tell that ho was not mistukon ? Ho folk himself eo faleo and contemptible that no further discovery- of baseness in himself would havo surprised him. It grieved him lo think that Lisa, had trusted herself to ono so contemptible. Ho remembered how ho hud always seen and known that such actions us his ended in wretchedness. Ho quito believed that now. 'How could he trust his good in tentions to Lisa whon thoso other good inten tions had broken down ? How could ho bo sure of his love whon his friendship was such a misorablo failuro P . Tho clock struck 11. Ho started.'' Sho must bo thoro iu a minute, and thero would bo no going back. Tho thing was dono already. Just thon ho heard tho door .open. Ho groaned and hid his face. Ho had realized his own fall already ; now lie know that sho too was in tho mire with him. ' Telegram, sir.' It was tho landlady who onterod. Duunis took tho envelope, and read the contents : ! Do not wait for mo. I cannot come. Paul loves mo. You have taught him to ; love mo. Good-by.' 4 Thank God !' ho cried. ' Sho is safo and my spotloss saint is spotless still.' ? ? Donald RaiUou is getting on in tho world | Ho i3 in a fair way to bocomo AUmnoy I Gonoral, and io moro satisfiod with himself I than over; ho never know what an escape ho ! had had that Dccomber ovoning, which was as. well, for ho was iucapablo of uudordtaud ingt ho story had ho hoard it. Ho noticed that his wifo grow dully brighter and' stronger, and probably t? ought that bho was growing wiser as sho grew older. Tho othor children ; noticed that 1' vul nover contradioted mother now; and, moreover, that ho punched Will's head for eo doing, and when his mother re buked him for it, listened quietly and said ho would not do it again. All this roused thoir astonishment at first and thon their respeot.' Thoy grow to understand that mother had a champion how, aud that tho clover one of tho family^ J Thoy ? grew to seo how eagerly their Another waited for Paul when ho was out, and what a Elcasuro it was to Paul to tell all his news to er at tho end of every day, until at last thoy, too, began to chango their manners and to seo all tho beauty and lovabloness of their'' mother's obaraoter. Kate, indeed, will always bo her father's daughter, and nono of them will over bo to Lisa what Paul is ; ho is her strength and joy, sunothing daily to thank God for. Satisfied with his lovo, her hus band's bitter words griovo hor no longer. Now that sho has a defenco against them ho has naturally ceased to speak them, and any advanoo ho makos sho mtiots muoh moro than half-way. Sho has resolutely turned hor back on the past and lifo grows daily . brighter and brightor. But porhaps, years honco, sinco Cousin^ Dennis will probably soon bo married to tho Consul's daughter, whoso hamo has beon so ofton in his lottors lately, perhaps, when Paul speaks to her of some woman ho loves, and whose lovo ho has won, sho will, in avarning, tell him of that dangerous moment in hor lifo and show him n orushed cracker paper hold ing two orumbling macaroons.— AU the Year - Hound. 