THE BISHOP OF BALLARAT. His LORDSHIP'S RETURN. MAGNIFICENT WELCOME DEMON- STRATION. • . By our Special Reporter At WILLIAMSTOWN The Bishop of Ballarat (Dr. Moore),after being absent for nearly a year on a visit to Europe,arrived in the colony Friday, the 9lh inst..,per the mail. steamer Ormuz. The steamer was birthed at the Williamstown pier a little after daylight,and even at that early hour a large number of.people, taking advantage of the early trains from Spencer- street, were present to welcome the bishop and the priest's and nuns on board the Ormuz to the colony The following is a list of the names of those accompanying his Lordship, The Rev. A.J.Raffe, C.S.sp; A Lemire, C.S.Sp.; C.N. Griffin, P. Bren- nan, B. Carey, and four Brothers of the Order of the Holy Ghost; the Hon,and Rev. Dr. Plunkett,C.S.S. R ;the Revs.Dr. Delaney,.,Henry Cleary T.M. Elligott,and M .Torpey. there were also six Sisters of Nazareth,five Sisters of the Brigidine Order, and one- nun of the Order of Loretto for for Ballarat.All the above named belong to the Diocese of Ballarat.For Melbourne there were Frs. Fitzmaurice, Cleary, and Thomp- son. For Sydney .Frs. Crowe, Carrol, and O'Regan; .and for Tasmania the Ven. Arch- deacon Hogan Amongst the visitors present were Mon- seignor Hoyne of Ballarat the . Rev. R Meade, of Ararat;Fr. Kennedy, S.J. of Richmond;.Mr. D. Brophy, J.P., of Bal= larat; and . a number of ladies who came to welcome the nuns. The Bishop and those with him were in excellent health and spirits, and they appeared to be., thoroughly, satisfied with the attention they had received on board the Orient liner. The bishop, accompanied. by the priests and, nuns.,came on .by. the special train to Melbourne .early in the afternoon. At fhe Spencer street .railway..station the Arch- bishop's carriage in waiting, and his Lordship and his party were conveyed to St. Patrick's. The Bishop, who dined at St. Patrick's, remained at, the Palace as the guest of. Archbishop till he was prepared to start for his.diocese THE JOURNEY TO BALLARAT.................................21/12/2019 The Bishop andjparty left 'Melbourne for Ballarftt by ttfell.tO he day'wfts remarkably fine;and-thefieldsalong both aides of the H&ter; presented a> &rched; appearancetha-tafforded evidence f the dfdufgtrt prevailing for weeks past, an f 1 the • approaching heat "of the summer Even the ittolraea .breezes m the neighbourobd of <3kdong failed to compensate for th ack of rttiri,'and itc was not'-juntil we ap^roftehed Bailamt, ascending higher and higher towards the. Great<-Dividjpg--Range, thtft the parched fields'gavteiwayito gree^ gftsfe-Covfeted-Surfaee.- At the Ballarat East railway' station a number-of clergymen were present "to welcome 'their Bishop.*-- The Reception at BAfctAsAtf mriBthave been eminentjy.'gratifyirig to those entrusted with the arrfiiS^Hin.ts.' A'd ; ienormoiis concoHfse of pedple .'Wis assembled, crowding tbife platforms' and fbtrtbridges, an in fact,, occupying' every available position .from whence a view of ttife a^proabhing' train mtght be bbtainedr"S.B . the'tt∈ steamed ifato the'statiori three teatt^^cheera were given fot.the Bishop, who, with his dirty, ttftS escorted to tli.e carriages provide £y the recrotibn''cdn)infttee, and dfriVen' up fetort->ttie't% St/PaSrick'pi0iili«U«l. The ll gtc „ , of'hon'onr. 1 "''Bie'. members' of. -'the'' Gon Ifrklernitv' of Hcily Tainily 'folJ^ed, and ,Htei''tlieAe 'ttiSe'Uik 'pups of the'ChrJafian fBrijtlifeifs* schools the Caffiolicticliobls bearing wands tiiid btinnei'ettes'l%iid'ine'niber8 of'the Tb'tal'' Abstinfeifliie. Society iii' : regalia With thes^' Btaes'HheifjSs'tfahife tlje- tece^ib ! cbriiiiif!l^,''^fie °ine'm'beis''''of ' faliich.vtejre dSeSffir uirepuy xespoiisioie iesponsibV? ior ioV iue thie "arrangements- arruugcmcuiD. Kqmthst^fdlri'g the 1 pressure of the crowd 'k^iralfiie''1o94er was- .maintained, and the uhfloubtSa Stlccess^f the demonstration was itinclpaHy'di^ to'the 'effefrts of the ifaarsha 'Mr. J. j.Tlfzgeriiltf; J.P/,-wiio "'fras-assiitfe 'fey Mr. D.-' gmifty, J;P.; Mr. E. Murphyv rJfMu4®io pffljtityfa "X-fcrgp Ctpwd^ wiaS v' laigedetjjsrs., .A.s.jtlie^BiAp^. p.neats oWfti nuns,., TOSsed.'^nto, ^hp'.^ancWMj jw?^'i 5p]t0 gfi^PJilfflgfjilnipst.', every: .inpli ,'of spfee f^om 'th 5—u • "The''»£e.rio [y dMprff^d in a.-vjir-fi; -fiT/r 1 !?^'mottoes m in large re Jletters on ft,wlut music vas-rendered by the choir. The j Bishop, ,.with. his • attendant priests, occu pied the right side of the sanctuary, while the .nuns who arrived by the ,,(pra?/2 were 1 seated directly opposite. The.'jjishap, whojva? supported on the, right by llje Rev. JJoyle, and. on-the left.,by the! JElev. J.., Cleary, Mpnsignor Hoyne .being .also 4n. attendance, then advanced, to, the sanctuaryrails, when, . .. , • ' The Addresses fbom ' the Ci.Enoy, .Laity, and the Sodalities were'read in the following order":— • The address fr'om the pnests of the d'oi^s was i-edd .'the Rev. J. F. 'lionets: To his Lordshjp 'MosfBeV.' Jairie^'MJore, 'Dip. Lord Bishop of Ballarat. frorf clergy^ of he (SioceSe. My Lord, : V'W'e, , fh^ ipViests'o thfi diocese of Ballarat, have lotag looked for wtfrd witli pleasurable anticipation to' your riturn' home. The days' ip r our"fB'oii^Bts; dra|ged felowljroii to ^he j^slifeff-ftr'tf?ne when we ' should see the vacant cWtr fille once again' by .your 'faibiliar'.' and loved presence. "Now tJiat' the' hippy day,' a red-letter day in Ihe aiirials of the diocese,^ has at length_ftrrived, permit ns/'rriy lotd, in t"he first place"to than}: ihe.great giVer '6f al good f;ifts for havfrig hroright ydur Lordship_ home safe and w^li after your lojdg jonTne ing. At'{his time,'.wKen all^ofir people greet you with joyful acclaim,"w^,' the cle'rgy ofthe diocese, bid you.t'rif fcj^itftualfather, heartfelt welcome home. ; ; ln ^yorir loving gfilicitude for 'the advancement of religion' in ' t^e diocese',' and in yotir cbtt'stiint thought lor "the spiritual welfare of your people, we have gratefully felt tbat, thpugh Sbs^tit in 'navaAVI persoti.'ydu'we -rrrVi' nmvrt fevferpresent h-trtar nrokrt in't spirit ataongst lis. 'Thus we Have realised -f trnthol thfe —j- words, .' For so the whole round earth is evefy way bound toy'goldchaihs&bcftit; the feet bf God.' ' your Lordship'£'work during yo'trr mission to . Rome and tHe home country, we feel indeed that wprds ire all too weak, and the limited 'sp&ce; ofaij address'such ; 'is this'far too'shoirt tp do justibe to It. i^nests of the'diocesfe we cannot but feel"p'Oiid-that one'of the results 'of your'mfesidh'will be t^ place the diocese of 'Bdlarat. iri''tte"f8jem«t' taAJi as anfeducationalcentre. Asaprac'tiwll advocate f Catholic education, ^our Lordship's ft'ija s already well ¥nowri throughout AuStrdlit. he primary schools .established ' undefyouf ' o'iispibes' 'throughout' the dioBtee 0 would a ifflcieh'tl^.trtaintain your repu'tHt'ibn ih this espect. A'high-clas^edm^iui'for Cathode fdtinglAdJesTs^rbvided'in the excellent Con: entS oflaofetfa; arid ift -the' cbnv«ritS of th iStfers '*>£• Mercy, iestablishe'd' in the'diocede fe ifejoice' to lea'rh iliat your Lordship; is tH^ft^ pro^W M'-s&viigs; of fte, distinguished ^fleh-Vif oTflefr tif 'the f 'TTrJ!v Hoir'Ghost, , 'OV>r)s)-. whose, niinils pupils in hetrifar^iajfifeaWMl^g'e neauouege oi of isiacKrooit, Blackrodt, Ireland, Sifi competitors, whether, 4tholl8"^Frbtefet'4nt Colleges, in the | intetaaediate education examinations. We als5 rejoipe" to .know that we- shall haye. branch of ' ^. missionary order of the' Redemptofist'Fathers established" in Bal- : larat. We'arefattilftr ^li 'the woA of this grarid orifeirltt fbe'ii&Aido; Md'at hoAi and in'th'e colonies' also; an'd'fre are, j tl)6refore. happy to.think that the dioegse of Ballarat vfen ttf : tiie. most remofe"mission will enjoy he rI beriefit and blessing' pfj'th&r; labours.. nMttpt "other pleasing iteiris^ofj news pohected With your approifchlbjf ^wk^th&t; j 4s by no means least"plea^Bng to! St whiin nformed ns of the fact that the'good .sisters f St.'' Brigid- were' a^cdnroan^iiig your : lMijdhip; ftitlfthe^^intetindnoFojpe^giA'wnyefit j iff of St. Bri^id T possess a high lanf lipnouraljle ecord;' and;' tHIS^oiffe, 'w? r ftn.tlci^Lte "the^' est iilid holifest resuTts from" ttfeWlnflne n ii the uie sphfere lAiitfii ; ybUr,!fcbffffe'Hij5'"' - . matkM out for them. needed to crown yott efiorfemffi^m'pl^te uOfceSs, we' bfeUevf that^oiir W|fM''fR perfected your^reat w.ork, and at^^d flMt %nc6e*sd bythfe eifiiBlishmfiit' 'oft -an'orpha^iage afld home for the i^d'andinfilm, m he care of the .good Sisterftrf Niifflfera, in Ballarat. To provide for the orphan ftria ^ the'aged is Christlike, and -vye believV the , existence Of such ah institution amongst I us -will, under God-, bring down many ' blessings uieHaiuija upon upu the clidces'e. The irierea^ii wants Of the missions have plsp clWmed, youk Lordship's attention, apd^ we are^^-sirlB that the tUMM 'of -the "WoHiiy .sfeculftt rij^saft nliricn ^rii* Lbrdshro haswOctfrfed . Dlicuco «»« ••r™ , T", jfllj plftee r«ontribntta jtoncftjto y^- - l »in ffo jgd'Sfeny ;^ule 'oii ffis m< ay mi. if. 'Bropny, TP., who was sup ported by Messrs. J. Ooghlan, J.P., J. J. Fitzgerald, J.F., J. B* Pearson, T.. Dowling, •E. Murphy, M.L.A., M. Martin, M: Q. Carey M. Newton, H. Elsmpre, and R. Wrigley. To the Most • ReVetend' 1 James Moore, D:D.\ Lpfd Bishop of BaHarat. -May itplease ^onr Lordship,—On behalf of-the CathoMcs o this jtortittH of yotft diocese", we desiretd.'Biv youf Lordship a hearty weleomcr'arni" to express "obr thankfulness to r Goil for yonrgaf Return after yotfr visit to- the'-seatthe apostles,'thither ycra had'gone in oMer tip. be'present at tlfe Jubilee ^if-his Holiness' Pope heo ^III.' -We "rejoice to learn-that our Holy. Father,'In the saveral audienceslie granted yo\li° Lordisliip, received 'yon in- the 'mast gracious' anid aBectionate* ntnriier, and' that it Afforded ebrtfeolatioa and jby; to his he&ft;* to le&fh; 'from "your Lord- 'eMiji the''"great prttgfess 'of the -Ohorch in this distant diocese under your '-zealous ttrftt aWe' '(MTHiTiife'trattan-'; -thr great efforts you had''made to" secure for our'childreirfhe uleSsinjjs tut a Catholic ^dtfeation lin the /fa "of . an unjtt8f 'ahd ^fpptessivft'Afet; ind-th bold, uhs^efVinj^Tfont which your Lordship had maintained against those who "would deprive ns 6f tliisTjur birthright. We rejoice to learn that ymir Lordehfp lies been success ful in obtaining a numberOf the congregft • " tiOft. ofoutTlifet fifdlyftsdeemer,whose mi sibtis heretofore have been productive' of' s toueh good—who purpose establishing a hoflse of their order in Bftllarat, ahd also th fatherT of the Holy Ghost, from the cele-' brated tollege Bl&cbrock;, who 'will open a collego for the higher education • of -our Catholic youth, together with a number of -secular priests and ana a community of or nuns— nunse-Bfigidine-fOr 1 in' other portions of your t' Lordship's diocese. In these we recognise that ^eal for : the GxWnnion of the Church of ' God and tiie spiritual -welfare of"'yonr floc Ait which to has animated "you from the -first day you took chfcrge of the_ parish of Balterat. Your i'our Lordship,'too, has" not been nnmind unmindfulOf God's pool-, as you have brought with you 'the Little Sisters 6t Nazareth, who,'"while* t&king; charge of 'the Catholic orphanage to be ' established' in Ballarat Will also afford succour to the aged poor and infitm, without distinction of creed or Country. During' yonr Loi-dslnii'fl visit to your e nativfland you ittnst hivo-' witnessed as bright as ever that undying faith and love of country which haVfe' distinguished Hie sons of oie' Erin in prosperity and "affliction through every age, and from your long residence in this'colony, where you have witnessed the behefioient'eiffectfe of' self-government which e' we enjb^.'we feel assured that your liordBhip sympathises with the patriotic efforts the Irish people are now making for the restora f their native Parliament, an" event . we libpfe'is near at hand. Praying Alniigfity' G<5d Irill grant yotl many % witness, the frtiition ofnhe great works « which, you are toying^ tow»da; tioii, tion, we I'einairi, your lordship's obedient chMretf',-Daniel Brophy, J.P.; JaniesCogh laii, J.P3.r.B«»>d Fitzpateipk J.P.; Ed Murphy, A.; J. ff. Fitz^rald, J^P.- R- Wngley, W. T MulWy 3; B. Peafsoij, P.JLfflrtttrg M. Nekton, T. F. Dowlfng M. Rfertm, U Qolgan, M. Morris, Jno. Qro^ley, T. W, Meehan, Wm. Wbite, -P.'M'Govern, and ' M.-0. Catey." ' The address frotn the men's branch of the Confraternity of the Holy. Family was 'read J by Mr..Mi G..Keane; secretary, ; „ Ballarat. F^omthe men's.b'tan(i& of the Con fraternity of the, Holy Family. Your Lord- | eiup—We, the members of, the men's bran Ow,Confraternity. the; Jiojy Family established^ a^ St. Patrick's Cathedral, heartil :jji^ .y0U ^^'pn^. .p'iiry.o.ar.. return,iome to goat ^dipepsp. . .Wfe fofi^ly , hope . .that you come amongst us with renewed-hWth, and gtrength- to 'msely • • ,-guide "•' us, your faithful children;, to .rule e.upces&f; ully, ap in the .past, overt ypur-di^ese ,l9r. Jong. to. , ntiwe jiljefaed/to w.pon . jjecai|g0^ kjBffvv.ibat joji jy^re.jn^anmindr l«f tie iatarests ofieMgionin yourdjppesia ^urjng yow.absenoe^as vita'ess tlie-idjgious ttnr], institutions-,wi^b.ypwu^qying, ! g^jieitij^e ,has been so sucpegsful. in proeuting 'for'llw -flriritual needs of ,your people We CeStainly vould be.guilty of ingratitudie; ^ we not-show our appreciation .ifl eyery wa, ' ' of such orders as ..the Redemptorist Fathers tbe fFaSiers fj; fttper801- of- the me Holy xwiy Ghost, vjiiuao, and thp nup gjgteis of ^Sazareth nmst-confer on Ballaratj .y0W: jLordship^\gilt^bftgjadHa iwar .that th GonfQrtanitF.of the HoiysFamily4ourisl»e9 J »:„„„„ -' 1—- —— nerseention.i tbe eons cand idaflgltferavoif iem:of the Mtotflm I to Faith-and ftitb«liwid. , A6ai« IjordBhipirto fcecflptawn fceafewisb^pioB hebitUioof ;tdw .flftiifr»»mity, ofi.-ithevB?" yflUrLordahifi'ffdfiTated)flhiWcfc, „. ikr»tfDe0etnbtf,"1888i sw i 'ffJJjaj ^9St _ai^p o^iS^lwtgt; ^ iM»y x^cfilawgv^bur Lordship.—We, the members of Ihe Hibernian Australasian Catholic Benefit Society, Ballarat, Br^pch $!o. 2, hereby desire to offer, to yocg;iVlifljriidiip. ourJheairtfelt , ratulatipn^, W returiir to us. . js^iblishmepi tfyUQnfijtf, ptpojiM wh?re Catholic ^childi^ji flre/ilftiighft #/fj/W&fyj;' ingdr/Jer tfee iatber,s,cif Mfg. Hplj,Gnps^, Sixers of N^V^th^the ^rigwne Nunis,| S^ti-gjifsaX Father's. ,j£npj»ijig A® inter^t yoiu ^ake^fin 4he-.\vsJia,rfi,ni!oui; sppiety^ weJire toppjto lttfo^m your .Lpr^hip^.ihat a^ng (tfle. past Jwelve.Jnonths ^our Lranch , has rlar^ly In ' 'luedi Xhe .^vapt pt '/f, e^ta^lOaH,,'in jfih meetings e this 4j$euKy- ^ ^.Wetpo^t^M a Jiall ..worthy. of .fthis'to.^. i&'Mce among the many "noble Cat),uwp jn.^ijtujljn Jonnde^bjr,y.oijx. 15 Lordpljip. . Wl^ ape' iJAjw to inform yo»v Lotds% jtjiat, va j j'^nile continent, -pf (ffi^h,•^oj'dshj^-J[p- provedr - ha§- been eatablfshejl(^djpit.piw^es to work wel)., We Whear. Jsom sports to bapd- that In,, the ol^land $be propiiise of^ plept^pi. nary^'stj^s l^en. destroyed iy some weeks^if constant, pain,..and thatr,in ^nse'queticje, .gffiat r'hafdiiiip..,'will have to, ie/endured the jn'i^st. part of Ireljand tliis coming jviptpr.' -iT)}is,,,^e)!I>er with the. cruel evictions,, and^e lippdsoping of the„peop^je ,undej^tpe .tipmesAgt, mf^es the present &.yerjr. glQQtny one; stnl», hopeful..tliat .the. struggle, for, .Ir'ish .H^'pie Rule will , ih a very Abort time be crowded wi'flv, success. F/aying. your, Lorjiship inay bp spared long to iis, aije. ^our.Lordship's most, dutiful and afieatiopate. chpdten r—(Signed on behalf ,'of the hr&nch;) ,P. J. Slattery, .president; P. J. .Jtypyle,. seoretaiy." ••, ,., _.-.- •• •The ad^lressirom the femalfi branch.of ^he Confraternity of tV.6' HpLy Fsainjly ,.'wjas, "read by the ' Re,v. .Fr — . . , ., ,,.- , .„, ".To the Most Re)(. James DjD., Lprd-. Bishop of Ballarat, behalf, of thevfemale branch . of the fiply.family,,y8e jbq'g io.|ex- Dress our.feelings ^,l'rgspe , ove .for your' Lord^ip.Wfl. •aljip .ovir gp^t tude'-to . God ^or , the happy,.and, friuiful termination, of your. Ipng.,;voyage....'..Xour Lordship's .kind,.iiemsmbrance ^i us in a special :audience.,with!tne Sovereign Joritiff, Christ's:.yicar on eatth,^hal^ jrep. trust, be a iresh incentiye to our to .t&e.more; fervent discharge df ffie.ipfqt'u^l^ntips imposed by pur. holy iirtes, 0 wiqig lo t"6g'gr,ac of God and to . your Lordship's ,"blpssing,pnd patronage, we .now,, realise. rjthpt r,tlie , cpn frat^nity . has :Wn. the jneans:.;p "'' ' nuchgood. atMndiinpe,at,'the „ eveh.apripg ipclepient >f^atb^fthas all along oeen well sustained,^ncl.many,pew £0£mbeE&;are ^5aau^ly' awaitihgr ponsecra- .,tion at,the hands',of your Lordship.. We jf^Lco fa acknd\vle4ge^;our zeal in the pause pf rplipon' and education, and especially on behalf of God's poor and the orphan. That the ponspicuous place thus mented by your Loxdship ,among the Australian^Jiier^rchy may be hereafter rewarded -by,^./corresponding degree of glory in the piansions of everlasting Miss is the fervent pniyer of -your .devoted children in. Jesus, fyfary.and Jpseph.—(Signed on Jbehalf .of the iemale branch of the. Jloly,.Family Coniratemity) Gerald Doyle and Others'." „ . y, -Br. Dpyje presented .with ,th(3f. an dress a 3Ur&e.; of sovereigns, as.a gift ^fom we female jfanoh of the.Confratetnit^to be.,disjin|)Uted jy, the-. Sisters, of .Nazareth, 'Tftf,_address ftc>m the Christian !poctrinc Society fritf re , by-Mr- Sllsmore,:—... . ,_,„;..„ ., i'To,the Atost,fteyfl,Jijnes;J^pp«:e,.jp.D., ofBallarat.:,. j^ay Ii pleiwe-your^rd- 4 "" '*' "lest .Catholic »n JtJjPctrine, ... _e*sire to welcome your ^pjjff^p.jfour president) iae}c again jta,y«nr d}ppeg express, our great: w^Mu^^, tp^iyine . providence fpr yOni ^^,aruyjuM?png8t us. We. rejoice, .jtp .iearn.'fliat jo'n,,j|five. been graoiofiBly-ieceiyei^t Epme-rtlift.jPgntre of Unity-fby .Oiu' ,,Holy ®ather,tLep Xilf., who lsfuuedirom yonrlid^slnp/WMp^^tjitq;. and satisfaction, :p'f--tlie 40weJje%rjto,jJip.'li;^our v i''-- —'i--1- • atipn.pf piiesiaand e PStf^fe^a^jciivide ^^ Jwes t^fapfpfo the^iiMti^able bies^gs of a,Mli©ous1gft^^n^rIgttu^ion. We are glad'to hear that, duringjpjjfjjUordj6epjiiar';priests q^taal ligwAn?^ JSu$s,: who .will^ayflKftgsw^lve prphj,nfj^he poo^^ G^d,, and .yo... o* > otl' ni fs*)i[>o4* uoaj to the pulpit and replied aa lot- " The feeling whioh is uppermost with me at this moment is one of thankfulness to Divine Providence for the happiness of being once more amongst you. Ever since my departure from the shores of Australia, you have been in my thoughts and continually remembered in my prayers. If I may so spply the words of the apostle, I have been • making request if by any means now at length I might have a prosperous journey by the will of God to come onto you.' In that journey I have been guided and protected by God's grace, obtained through your prayers. To that divine influence I also attribute the satisfactory issue of my visit, for I am happy to state that the various objects I had in view for the benefit of the diooese have been realised to my entire satisfaction. " During the period of my absence it was my good fortune to have had no cause of anxiety for the affairs of the diocese. This was due to the able administration of the worthy and prudent vicars-general, and likewise to the zeal and devotedness of the priests of the diocese. This happy state of things I also ascribe to the sacred Catholic faith of my people, and to the good feeling which has always existed between themselves and their pastors. " The year which is drawing to a close opened, as you are aware, in Bome, with an impressive demonstration of the Church's vigorous unity and world-embracing Catholicity. To celebrate the fiftieth year of his priesthood, the crowned heads of the world sent envoys with presents and autograph greetings to a Pontiff who owns neither territory, nor army, nor fleet, nor any such arm of earthly power. By almost every ruler in the world Leo XIII. was greeted as a ruler and sovereign. In that significant act of courtesy the Sovereign of the British Empire, the President of the United States of America, the German Emperor, the Czar of Russia, the Sultan of Turkey, the Rulers of China and Japan, in a word all the sovereigns of the earth, vied with Catholic princes themselves. The Roman Pontiff is thus respected throughout the world because he is known to exercise a great and universal authority—because he commands the unfaltering loyalty of hundreds of millions. The strength of that loyalty was well brought out in the course of the jubilee celebrations. It appeared in the grand exhibition of gifts sent from every clime and by men of every race; in the daily arrival of multitudes who made their way to the Eternal City—some, to satisfy personal devotion, some in deputations from their respective countries; others to represent the benevolent and religious associations of the Catholic world; some, in fine, who came in the name of learned and scientific bodies. It was wonderful to behold • all these so perfectly united, notwithstanding ! political differences, race antipathies, and I traditional animosities. Such is the out- j come, such the excellence and the triumph < of the Catholic faith. It is this faith, living i in the hearts of millions and presenting ; itself distinctly the same to the minds of all, i which uniteB all in one, fulfils the injunction and prophecy of our Divine Lord, and overcomes the world. " My visit at such a time to the shrines of the Apostles was peculiarly consoling and instructive. I was able to feel, as I may say, the supernatural energy which animates :the Church, and secures its indefectible existence. It was my privilege, likewise, in common with cardinals, archbishops, and bishops from the different quarters of the globe, to bear witness to the faith of to-day. I was able to declare that this ancient faith, which has outlived so many persecutions, flourishes in these new lands beneath the Southern Cross, strong and pure as in the homes of our fathers. " During those dayB I also had the pleasure and privilege of several interviews with the Holy Father personally. On every occasion he evinced a truly paternal regard for the Australian church. But while rejoicing in the general condition and prospects of religion here, his Holiness was most solicitous—nay, enjoined—that we should leave nothing undone to secure for the rising generation the fruits of a sound religious education. " Besides the desire I had of taking part in the jubilee of the Holy Father, there were other matters connected with the interests of the diooese which hastened my visit to Europe. I was always anxious to secure a constant supply of priests, so that ample provision might be had for the ministrations of religion in every part of the diocese. I am happy to say that my Efforts in this direction have been most successful. For the future, every district requiring a priest and in a position to support him, shall have one. ' * " Further, I was anxious for the establishment of a first-class Catholic college in this city, where our youth intended for the university and the learned professions should receive the requisite education. Also for the last two years it was my desire to have a community of the Redemptorist Fathers residing amongst us. This month, two years ago, the good Fathers gave their first mission in this Cathedral. I need say nothing here of its success. I then publicly expressed the hope that in a short time we might have them with us permanently. In this matter also iny efforts have' been successful. I am sure'lhat'priests and people will rejoice to lepra that oar eloahtat ana gifted friend, the Very Rev. Fr. O'Fatrell, has been appointed Superior of the uew foundation. "With regardto the college, I can 'fetate that my efforts have been most successful. X have feecured the services of an ecclesiastic who is confessedly one of the ablest educationists of Ireland. For some years' the Very Reverend Fr. Refft has had the direction of s^ndies in the College jsT'Blaokrook, r.w*A « I i q d vdi'doiI fho »nflHfnt.inn t the very first position amongst the intermediate and university colleges of the country. Published statistics place this fact beyond doubt—that it is due to Fr. Reff6's energy and superior abilities is equally well attested by competent authorities and by the Dublin Press. He has with him a staff of able professors, selected by him from his own order. Some hold degrees from the Royal University of Ireland, and others from the University of Paris. Fr. Reff6 is a native of Catholic Alsace. Nationality, education, and religion had prepared him to enter with sympathy iqto Ireland's sad yet glorious history. He is a devoted advocate of her cause, and has ably defended it by word and pen at home and on the continent. In a short time Fr. Reffe will be obliged to appeal to you for funds in order to extend the new college. I am quite sure the priests and people of the diocese will respond with generosity. " Along with the establishment of the college, I had it also in view to extend still further through the diocese the schools of the Christian Brothers. You know and prize the admirable education imparted by that excellent body, and you will rejoice to learn that the Superior-general has promised to send me two additional foundations within the coming year. " We all recognise the obligations under which we are placed by the Sisters of Loretto and the Sisters of Mercy for their excellent schools. Indeed, the superior character of Mary's Mount as a school for the higher education of Catholic young ladies is admitted throughout all the colonies. Both these orders continue to recruit their numbers and extend the sphere of their influence amongst us. But it was impossible for them to take up schools in all the districts where convent school teaching was required and demanded. I have, therefore, been fortunate in securing the services of another wellknown teaching order. The nuns of St. Brigid have rendered signal service to the cause of Catholic education in Ireland, and at present their 'schools in that country maintain a high place, and come out well in the public competitions of the intermediate education examinations. Two of these sisters will presently open a school in Ararat, and I am sure their'.presence will confer a great boon on the pfcople of that mission. "Before my departure for Europe I purchased some property in Mill- street, with a view to the establishment of an orphanage and of a home for the aged poor of both sexes. One of the chief objects of my visit was to arrange with the Mpther Superior of Nazareth House, at Hammersmith, London, for sisters of that community to take charge of these new institutions. I had already known the fitness of the sisters for this work. In the course of many years, at Hammersmith and elsewhere through Great Britain and Ireland, their devotedness to the orphans and the aged under their care, their attention to the members who come every day for food to the door of the convent, has earned for them the good opinion and substantial support of persons of all denominations. For the sisters make no distinction of creed in the exercise of their charity. They receive all alike irrespective of religious differences, and scrupulously refrain from • interfering with the religious convictions of any inmate. These good sisters who have arrived amongst us to-day will, I am sure, receive the same kindly welcome, the same appreciative support they met with at home, not alone from Catholics, but equally from our generous non- Catholic fellow citizens of Ballarat. The sisters are prepared to open a hospital also, where persons so desiring may be treated under their care. I will here add that I have secured two other religious communities for the diocese. They will arrive in the course of the coming year. " The taunt is sometimes flung, for a purpose, at us Catholics and at our Church, of being hostile to the cause of popular education. Well, looking at the efforts that are made amongst ourselves for that object, I think we may challenge comparison with the members of any other denomination. The labours of bishops, priests, and people—the sacrifices made to secure the advantages of education for Catholic youth—are patent to all. But while anxious to secure the advantages of'education for our children, we are yet more solicitous that they shall be grounded in the principles and trained in the practice of our holy religion. I am afrai4 that in this spirit we stand alone. But without wishing or intending to draw invidious comparisons, I may be permitted to observe that facts which are now •' notorious should convince candid men of our earnestness and sincerity. Of course, in submitting to a hard necessity—paying at the same time for the education of others and of' our own—we cannot forego our rights nor abate one jot in our demands for redress; But for some time we ohose rather to' let facte plead in our behalf. Abandoning ''agitation, we left our cause to the sense of iair play in our fellow citizens.. I regret very muohthat the result is so disappointing. If we mean to keep up our Catholic schools —a resolve I think, which faots abundantly attest—it is obvious that we must rely on ourselves for the redress of our grievances. We' must use the power put into our, hands by a just and well balanoed Constitution., In that Constitution even minorities'have a -place and an importance. We jare.'® 1 strong minority whose strength should -not be 'ignored. United* disciplined, and resolute, we Catholics can at the poUing,' booths and in Parliament vindicate rights which, based oh even justice, threaten neither oountry nor government. Consider the example presented in theBe years by the country fr&m; which maby Of 1 iis have come. ' The syste-» ' I ,,'in-Hl . ' • •.!• • " "»' ' •• matic misgovernment of that country was notorious to the world. Yet it was only when its people took up their own cause in a constitutional way and in good earnest that a change began to appear in the attitude of their rulers. I have looked closely into the electoral organisation in Ireland. It is simply perfect of its kind. I could wish we had one or two men to register and organise the Catholic voters of this diocese. " In the eloquent address read by Mr. Brophy allusion is made to my visit to Ireland, and to what I witnessed there. Well, yes, I did witness, with unbounded satisfaction, the unique faith, the undying patriotism of the Irish people. But I was paioed and shocked to behold the barbarous.treatment to which they are subjected in the name of law and order. In no land, much less in these prosperous colonies, have I seen such distress and misery amongst the people. And yet their condition, so far from awakening sympathy in the hearts of administrators of government, seems but to intensify hatred and contempt. I need not enter into particulars. Thanks to the Press, you are well acquainted with the facts. But, at the same time, when I saw all that was being done by good men throughout Great Britain, I felt as you do, that this is but the dark hour just before the dawn. Meanwhile, I consider that we are bound to strain every nerve contributing towards the triumph of that sacred cause in our power, moral and material. " In this connection I cannot help expressing satisfaction that the Irishmen of my diocese took no senseless line of action on a recent occasion, when the Holy See deemed it advisable to communicate certain decisions to the Bishops of Ireland. True, the enemies of Ireland and of the Papacy sought to make capital out of that event; but they have failed. No word, no wish emanating from Leo XIII. can be construed in condemnation of Ireland's constitutional efforts to recover her Parliamentary freedom. He has been pained beyond conception that any of his Irish children could have been misled for a moment to entertain the merest suspicion on that point. In my last interview with the Holy Father, just before leaving for Australia, I had occasion to know his sentiments on the Irish question. I can assert that he is our true friend, and that much he does for Ireland is not now duly appreciated, because circumstances prevent it from being generally known. " Of the Holy Father's many proofs of regard for ourselves I must not now speak at too much length. Marks of favour and several privileges I bear with me, which were all cheerfully granted by his Holiness. As a compliment to the priests of this diocese he has raised the two vicars-general to the honours of the purple, appointing them domestic prelates to himself. I warmly and sincerely congratulate Monsignor Hoyne and Monsignor O'Dowd on their well-merited elevation. To Doctor Delaney's university studies and degrees at Paris he has given authentic recognition, honouring him with the' Roman doctorate. I also offer Dr. Delaney my hearty congratulations. As a mark of esteem for our Catholic laity generally, and in especial recognition of the services rendered to the church by Mr. James Coghlan and Mr. Daniel Brophy he has conferred on these gentlemen the Knighthood of St. Gregory the Great. You will all join with me in tendering our congratulations to Mr. Brophy and Mr. Coghlan. They well deserve the regard of the Sovereign Pontiff. " In order to keep fresh the memory of my dear and venerated predecessor, the Right Reverend Michael O'Connor, first bishop of this diocese, I have purchased for the Cathedral, in the best studio of Rome, a high altar of rare marble. When it is erected, as it shall be in a short time, you will consider it no unworthy memorial of so good a prelate._ I have also purchased three stained glass windows for the Cathedral; one a memorial of the late Miss Carpenter, who bequeathed funds for that purpose. In the course of a few months, when these additions are completed, there will ,be a public ceremony for the solemn consecration of the Cathedral. And now permit me once again" to thank you all for the heartiness of the reception you have accorded, and for the eloquent and kind addresses that have been read to me." After the Benediction the Bishop, with-his attendant clergyman and a number of laymen, drove in the carriages provided by the reception committee through the city, and halted to inspect the new college purchased by his Lordship for the Fathers of the Holy Ghost at a coBt of £4000. This building, known as Coondah, which was formerly the residence of Mr. Gaunt, the well known police magistrate, will, when the necessary alterations are effected, be admirably suited for college purposeses. The money required to purchase the building was generously supplied by the Bishop out of his private resources. The party next drove to the convent of the Sisters of Nazareth, a fine building in, the vicinity of Lake Wendouree, purchased from Mr. Tunbridge at a cost of £3000. After this the party continued the drive on to. the Loretto Convent, on the banks of the lake. The day was fine, and those seeing Ballarat for the first time, with ite noble street and avenues of umbrageous anil ornamental trees; could scarcely avoid forming , a good impression of jpujrgreat ^old-mining city. At the. Loretto;Convent every preparation was made toreeeive the distinguished visitor and Jiisparty,_ A large $rch of evergreens spanned the ptinoipal entrance, with the kindly greeting ceadMiille/ailtfieetretohingaoroBBin great oolouredletters. The convent garden through which the party drove was also decorated with suitable mottoes and evergreens find Bowers twisted into every variety of shape, men the Bishop alighted from his carriage l)BfOre the main entrance he 1 1 was sur- &» :• t\>., •.'.•. j CI • -1 rounded by the nuns, * hoge nd happy appearance afforded Jb* 4 h l W p f c t and esteem £ ordship ,8; held, and of the pkasKlt> he nuns at his safe return totE/' Starting again from Loretto L 00686 " rove to the Bishop's Palace a few minutes spent in conversation^' tbe laymen of theparty, especially on nected with the present J l u T ^ ^ ' adjourned to the residence of Mr DTL^ B J.P Here a number of toast, X t 0 S and Messrs. D. Brophy and Jaa S i ' were congratulated on the honours'conK upon them by his Holiness 1*0^1^ Brophy, as chairman of the reception^ mittee, and Mr. M. C. Carey,«« afgS"; were afco congratulated on the raS result of the demonstration. ™ St. Patbick's Cathbbril. On Sunday Pontifical High Mans w M celebrated by the Bishop, Dr. Delaney act. ing as deacon, and Fr. Lemire as sub-deaL Monsignor Hoyne, V.G., acted as assS.' priest, and the Rev. J. J. Clearv was the master of ceremonies. The day beias Hospital Sunday, the occasional sermon m delivered by the Rev. A. J. Reffe, who ex pressed his gratitude to God for the protect tion afforded both to himself and to his fellow priests during their long voyace from the old country. He was also gratefal for the privilege of addressing for the fat time a Ballarat congregation. He knew that great things were expected from his order and he was glad to see, as was evident from the demonstration of the day before, that the faith was strong, and that there was great vitality in the Church in the Ballarat diocese. He knew that his order wai entering on a difficult mission, and that the stability of the Church would in a degree depend on the success of their undertaking, for religious education might be said to mould the souls of the young, and the great hopes of the Church depended on the religious education of her children. For this reason the Church fightB for the education of the young, and her fight is a just one, for she has a divine right to teach. The importance of education could scarcely be overestimated, for the youth of the country aie the trustees of posterity. If good Christian education were inculcated into the minds ot the young, there would be no danger of a future generation fearing to acknowledge the faith. The youths of to-day are the lints between the present and future, and the Churoh is wise in providing for their religions education. The hopes of the parents are centred in their children if the latter are good. But if the children are allowed to stray from the Church, what can be expected? Those who despise the law of God mil also despise the law of man, hence the very welfare of the State depends on the religions education of the young. Bearing all these facts in mind, the rev. speaker continued, the magnitude of the task before his order was great, but he was not afraid of the task, for God, for His own wise purposes, usually selected the weak and the feeble to carry out pis great designs. The Fathers of the Holy Ghost, he continued, came to Ballarat at the invitation of its illustrious prelate, and, beginning their work as they did on one of the Feasts d the Blessed Virgin, no apology was neededto refer during his discourse to the Mother ol God. As St. Thomas said—" God in Hu omnipotence could not conceive a grata miracle than the incarnation and the nativity of the Mother of God." St. Bernard aay^ " The greatness of the Mother of God a nearly infinite; He who rules the universe obeyed Mary." The Saviour of mankind received nourishment whilst on earth from the Blessed Virgin Mary. But Mary, continued the speaker, is also our mother. U human love the mother watches over he child with tenderness and affection, indjJM in His great kindness also gave as a maBier to watch over our spiritual welfare. Wen He hung on the cross He said to the Blessw Virgin, indicating St. John, "Woman, behold thy Son;" and to St. John,He irt "Son, behold thy mother." have a great significance to Cattou®. for it is evident that St. John represent humanity, and when Christ iffloke * * John as the Son of Mary, He thereby indi cated that for the future Mary would spiritual mother of the human race.jae* beautiful words of our Lord, continueltt rev. speaker, have been the occasion of temo» blasphemy by those outside the Chmtf, but it is clear that God gave W the affections and feelings of a inoWj towards the whole human^ race. J_» numerous miracles performed name are evidence of the power of her im» cession with God. At Cana, when tbap£ people had not enough wine for thMjo Mary, moved by feelings of comp«*$ appealed to her Son, and He g»nW ybquest. Many other miraclesiW Of the powerful influence of the Motn^ God might be quoted if neceMW^ heart of Mary,he continued, is stW' passionate. She is still ings of compassion for the miseriesrt®^ kild. This P divine compasdoniB^i^ in many ways. Those whonurw'T ^ and assist the poor areinBp^TT Sacred Heart of Mary- Thoseh^^ continued the rev. speaker, ^ o ^ g ^ seen yesterday on their . are inspired by the spmt of fopowerful intercessions they coWWiuJ of the congregation to v j^j being Hospital Sunday ThereJ,^ 0 he, no greater claim Catholics than is advance^ that alleviate human misery without regard to country or creed, for "charity Loweth no bonds." He hoped the congregation would give out of their abundance. The poor should subscribe as well as the rich, tor the widow's mite was acceptable in the Xht of God. He hoped,the people would rive in the spirit of Mary, that is, for the honoar and glory of God. He would appeal to Mary to assist Catholics in their efforts to eive the young a sound religious education. The enemies of Catholicity accused the Chnrch 0f being opposed to learning, but he hoped that the Catholic youth of the colony, animated by the spirit of their forefathers, would not only be faithful children of the Church, but that they would also equal in intellectual exercises the enemies of Catholicity. On the entry of the Bishop, with his attendant priests and acolytes into the Cathedral, Romberg's " Te Deum " was sung by the choir. Hummell's Mass in C Flat was given in its entirety, and at the conclusion Beethoven's " Hallelujah Chorus " was also given. Mr. R. Wrigley acted as conductor, and the choir acquitted themselves very creditably, the serrfces of Mr. Stephen Wrigley, formerly principal tenor of the choir, who came specially from Melbourne in honour of the occasion, being greatly appreciated. The Cathedral was crowded at Vespers, when a powerful and impressive sermon was delivered by the Rev. Fr. Farrell, Superior of the Redemptorists, who took for his text the following, from the Gospel of St. Matthew: "The kingdom of heaven is likened to a man that sowed good seed in his field. But while men were asleep, his enemy came and oversowed cockle amongst the wheat." The figure of the field and the sower, said the speaker, is familiar in the discourses of our Divine Lord, who preached for the most part to an agricultural people, and used language that would be understood by them. Fr. Farrell then explained that the sowing of the seed, the fertilising of the land, the watching the first growth, and the gathering in of the harvest, referred to the great work of saving souls. It was for the salvation of souls that God created man, placed him in a paradise of delights, and surrounded him with safeguards that he might fulfil his end. Man, however, by his disobedience, defeated to a certain, extent this great purpose of God. Sin made a wreck of the soul, and left it like a desert or a field choked with weeds. God saw himself disappointed with his great creation —man. But seeing man in the power o£ demon, God came from Heaven, and assumed human shape, that He might fertilise the soul rendered barren by sin. The King of Heaven, in assuming human shape, continued the rev. speaker, lived like ourselves. In a carpenter's shop, on the roads of Judea, and, in fact, wherever He was seen, He suffered the trials of his lowly condition; and all this was done to save sonl6._ The great importance of this work of salvation might be estimated by the sufferings of the Redeemer. Though Christ died on the Cross, the work of saving souls still continues, as He intended it Bhould. The work inaugurated by the Saviour was continued by the apostles, and they in turn remitted the task to the bishops and priests of the Catholic Church, and so the good work will continue to the end of time. This great work of saving souls, so continued in the old land, was now_ extended to the Australian colonies, Bo diBtant from the great centre of Catholic unity. The true spirit of the apostles animated the Bishop of the diocese, who a year ago left his home and'encountered all ' the perils and discomforts of a long voyage to bring _ baok with him iour religious organisations to sow the good seed and carry onlhe work of the apostles, in the colony. St.' Patrick in Ireland; St. Augustine in England, and St. ColumbkiU in Scotland aboured hard for the glory of God and in the interests of the Church, carrying on the work of the apostles, and now that they are" removed from the sphere of their labours the work still proceeds.. Let us hope, continued ™ speaker, that the good seed sown in ne older countries will bear fruit here, and nat a plentiful harvest will be reaped for toe Lord in this distant corner of the world. rev. speaker Would, however, remind the congregation that evil work was also being the field of the Lord. We in;''the Scriptures that the enemy „ a B to destroy the good crop, SL™?^nemy is stillat his bad work, enough Christ himself wrought miracles to prove th e divinity of his mission, yet comparatively few were converted. The enemy r„ s ,® ven then at work sowing the seeds of ooubt and distrust in the minds of the and the many followeirs of the iB , ? 8, Heretics appeared even then, and a Zr they are working now. Even the uovermnents of the different countries are 3"? 1 th he reties, and working in oppo- 1»«JV° tbe inter ests of the Church. Those ^tea against the' Church emanated ZLl i e V l > for legislators are to be seen wrong rather with the spirit of evil than . - G ° d - The infidel Press, with bad ,,..„„ novels,. and bad poetry was S i helping the evil one «> aestroy the souls that Christ died to save; tor/u^' of conre ?> good books and good mEII, ir? , ones were unfortunately bvth«? The destruction that was wrought tWntfu ?Bencies was great. Some of L^K'fd Tiaions.and they saw souls «°PPbg into hell as numerously as the the cal f^t.'forest. This war GarS ' ^ <>i Jesus in the eye Bi Gethsamtoe. With a prophetic woAnta^ the result of the detfl's WtS nS^' ' or the souls doomed to fcolyZ„\ K(fW deling, too, animated -a. m i ^ ^ - W C W* Spirit of the ^ 0sme *> -ttwuoul of 'fit AlphonBus de Liguori, who founded the order of the Redemptorist Fathers, and he (the rev. speaker) would direct the attention of the congregation to the fact that last Friday, the 9th November, was the anniversary of the day on which St. Alphonsus de Liguori, acting under the supervision of his Bishop, and with the concurrence of the Holy See, founded the order in Italy. Since that time the blessing of God attended the work commenced by the saint, and the members of the order continued to root out the weeds and cockles from the garden of the Lord, and so carry out His divine precepts. r r It must be remembered, however, continued the rev. speaker, that we Redemptorists require with education a renewal of the knowledge of religion. St. Alphonsus, when establishing the order in 1732, knew that mortification and meditation were required to prepare the Redemptorists for their great work. The saint desired to see love of Jesus for mankind appreciated and the spirit of prayer cultivated, and through his long life of 90 years he worked on for this end. He ordaiped that his missionaries should devote certain periods solely to mortification and prayers, exclaiming, " Let us be Carthusians at home, but apostles abroad." In this new field, continued the rev. speaker, to which we were invited by the good Bishop of the diocese, we hope to help him and to help his priests in the great work of saving souls. In order to qualify ourselves for this important task, we must imitate our ' illustrious and venerated founder. We must possess monastery, where we may retire at stated intervals for the purpose of meditation and prayer, and where young men will be trained to supply our places when we shall pay the last great debt of nature. Many a soul has been saved, and many a parish has been reformed, continued the rev. speaker, by the works of the Redemptorists, and he trusted that his order in the future as in the past would not be unworthy of the support of the people of the diocese. The people of Ballarat were to be congratulated on having amongst them a teaching order of such celebrity as the Fathers of the Holy Ghost; and in the Sisters of Nazareth the people would find a band of pious women devoted to the task of relieving the sick and destitute. The magnificent reception accorded to the Bishop, and the warmth of the welcome by the people of Ballarat proved that the old spirit of their ancestors was alive within them, and he felt sure that the memory of Saturday's event would not be forgotten, but that in years to come to the people of Ballarat would recall as a pleasant incident the arrival of the Bishop of Ballarat with the religious orders from the old country. The collections for the day amounted to £80, the total from the Catholic Churches in Ballarat aud suburbs being about £120. The following are the RELIGIOUS COMMUNITIES introduced by the Bishop of Ballarat on the occasion of his return to his diocese :—The Congregation of the Holy Ghost and the Immaculate Heart of Mary owes its origin to the venerable Francis Paul Libermann. The principal object the saintly founder had in view was the conversion of the negroes and the most abandoned souls. The great importance of imparting a sound religious education to the young was early recognised by him, hence the order of the Holy Ghost combined teaching with their missionary efforts. In addition to their numerous establishments in various parts of the world, the order possesses two splendid colleges in Ireland—one in Blackrock, near Dublin, the other in Rockwell, Tipperary. The prieBts of the Society who are now being welcomed to the colony all come from Blackrock. The great success of the students from that nstitution may be taken as a criterion of the value of the order for teaching pur- For years past the fame of tThe Blackrock College has been worthily mainained by the pupils at the intermediate and University examinations in Ireland. Prior to 1878 the college had not the opportunity of ompeting with other educational institutions afforded by the Act passed during that ear. The great success of the Black- j ock College iB largely due to the efforts f Fr. Reffe, who was manager of the nstitution for twenty-four years, and the Catholics of Ballarat are to be conratulated on the fact of a gentleriian of such high scholastic attainments .being in heir midst. The Redemptorists, or, to. put it more correctly, tbe congregation of the Most Holy edeemer, was established in Italy, by Saint ! lphonsus Maria Liguori in 1732. _ Thp edemptorists are entirely a missionary order, and they prepare themselves lor their work by retreats and ' spiritual - ' "— 1 exercises. — ach novice, at the end of his novitiate; takes a vow of perseverance, in addition to the ordinary vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience. The congregation received the approval of Pope Benedict XIV. in 1749. The Rev. Fr. O'FarrpU Will be the superior of the house at Ballarat, aiiid be will be assisted by Revs. Frs. Halson fttad O'Neil, and the Hon. and Rev. Fr. Plunketi,'brother to the Earl of Fingal. The latter rev. gentleman, like the illustrious Ignatius Loyola, was a military officer in his youth, as he held a commission in the Royal Fusiliers, and abandoned his military profession in' obedience to the higher call to a religions life. The people cfl allarat are to be* congratulated on having his order in their midst. The reputation of uperior Fr. O'FaireU as a preacher has lready been established in the colony, md t would be needless to describe the splendid esults achieved by the Redemptorist FaUiera n the many successful missions they have iven in various parte of Australia. The order of the Sifjtera of Nazareth was it founded by the late Cardinal Wiseman at Hammersmith, near London, in the year 1851\. The objects of this order are nearly identical with those of the Little Sisters of the Poor. In both cases aged impecunious persons are admitted free of charge, and their declining years are smoothed by the gentle care of the good nuns. Destitute orphans arealso received, and fed, clothed, and educated by the nuns. No man under the age of seventy years, nor woman under the age of sixty years, will be admitted to the institution. When the orphans are old enough they are boarded out as servants in Catholic families. But even then the care of the nuns does liot j cease, for a correspondence is kept with each ! child, and in the event of sickness or other trouble assistance is always given. There ' are in all six nuns of the order of Nazareth, i and Mr. Tnnbridge's late residence—purchased at a cost of £3000—will be occupied by them. It would be almost needless to refer , to the great advantages of having this community of pious women devoted entirely to the • task of relieving the destitute in the Ballarat diocese, and as the Sisters of Nazareth depend entirely on the contributions of the charitable, an early effort should be made to collect funds for this most deserving institution.' The five nuns of the Brigidine Order brought to the colony by the Bishop, left Ballarat on Tuesday for Ararat, where they will found a convent of their order. Though a brief account of the history of the Brigidines wasgiven in the Advocate a few weeks back, it will not be out of place to state that the history of this order dates back to the year 480, when St. Brigid, the patroness of Ireland, established the order at Kildare. The convent, from which several branches were established, was built in a forest, and was, in consequence, known as Kill-dara, or the Cell of the Oaks. The order was revived in Ireland by the Right Rev. Dr. Delany, Bishop of Kildare and Leighlin, at Tullow, County Carlow. The Brigidines came to Australia at the invitation of Bishop Murray, of Maitland, New South Wales, five years ago. There will be now six houses of the order in Australia, located in the following places :—Coonamble and Cooma, New South Wales; and Echuca, Beechworth, Wangaratta and Ararat, Victoria. The Brigidines are a teaching order, and judging from the character of the instruction imparted by them at Echuca and their other convents in Victoria, the Catholics of Ararat should be well satisfied with the teaching order provided for them by their Bishop. The Brigidines are anxious to instruct the children of the poor, and they will also conduct a select college and a boarding-school at Ararat. 