. THE TUMBLING PILLARS. Let us represent the Romish Church under a visible form ; its heaven — a vault or dome, upheld by four columns. The , dome is Salvation ; and its four upbearing olumns are — Tradition, The Virgin, The Priests', Works. Now, are these four supports to one's salvation, solid P Let us try the first. None of us having seen .Tesus Christ, our faith must necessarily rest upon some documents. According to the Eomish Church, these documents themselves rest upon tradition : the apostles did not write all that Jesus Christ said and did ; what they did not write they told their disciples, who told it again to their disciples. The words were again told to the disciples of ." these disciples; and so on from disciples , to disciples, until thelast amongthem took . a fancy to note down the words, which ages before, had proceeded from an apos tolic mouth. Now these words of tra dition are scattered over the writings of the Fathers of the Church of all places and ages. Now, if to this tradition we add the decrees of the councils, and the decretals of the popes, fixing its . sense, we have a total of one hundred and, fifty volumes -tin folio. We must understand that all ;;-this is not the apostolic tradition, but the .field in which we are to look for it. Is this task an easy one ? The fathers were fallible ; how, at this day, are we to . find out the points on which they were , not mistaken ? How can we depend .upon the accuracy or a series of men, the , last of whom tells us, — Paul told me that Claudius told him, that he heard from : James, what Jerome had learned from ,, Gregory, who had seen Justin, who had seen — not Apollos, but — the successor of . Apollos, the friend of the apostles of Jesus Christ ? How can we he sure that amid all these handings down, gross errors or little falsehoods have not slipped in? Had the first written, and the second copied, for a third to transcribe, we might be easy ; for writings remain when words fly off, according to the proverb. A book may be Bent abroad by thousands of copies serving as a check upon each other ; but how, without writing it down, is one to verify whether what is told to day by word of mouth, is indeed what St. Peter and St. John said eighteen hundred years ago? What alarms us most is, that the different writers appealed to are far from ; being of one mind ; and, yet, tradition is formed of the- whole mass of" their writings. What makes us still more distrustful, is,, that this very tradition, the prop of , the Eomish faith, is often written by Bomans. Popes affirm the rights of popes, and — lie now and then ; for the decretals, acknowledged by, all to be false, have, for all that, ruled the affairs of Eome! Now! would they have us believe a defendant, witnessing i;in,;his own case? It is the Eomish Church which bears witness of herself. i .If, at least, the Eomish Church were i of one mind with the Eomish Church, something might be said. But no ; one .council condemns another council, one : pope burns the body of his predecessor, to throw its ashes into the Tiber ; another rushes armed against his rival — for times were in which there were two popes at once, three popes at once, and then none ! "Which was the good old time ? Perhaps thelast — but which pope must we believe? Let us be generous, and suppose them all agreed; there then only remains to read them through, one hundred and fifty folio volumes! Which end are we to begin at 1 We appeal to any Eoman Catholic's experience ; have you ever read tradition? Do you know where to , find.it? where it commences? where it ends,? Did you ever see these one hundred and fifty volumes anywhere, but behind the closed panes of a public .library, covered with dust, and worm- eaten? But, it will be said, trust to . your priest ; he will give the substance , of it all. So.be it; but then it is no longer tradition, but the priest; that is to say, the second column supporting ..salvation. We will examine it, the first .pillar is demolished. The second pillar of salvation, in the Eomish Church is the priest — ; whether curate, bishop, or pope, no matter— who regulates faith, offers sacrifices, .dispenses pardons, and thus accomplishes the salva tion of the faithful. It is a principle of the Bomisb Church, that there are official graces; that is, internal dispositions granted to each one according to his functions. The priest, like others, must therefore have the graces peculiar to his employment. Now for the employment of causing God to be heard, offering sacrifices agreeable to God; forgiving in, God's name, Bhedding abroad God's grace, those graces must certainly be , great arid, holy, must make the fricst:;, a . separate being, great and oly ! .., A ,;being who becomes " infal- lible; a being, who calls down upon earth, not heaven's thunderbolt, but heaven's God ; a being,- who _ by his absolvo blots out our sins ; a being who commands heaven, and heaven obeys ; such a being must be pure and holy. Now, are priests holy ? Are adulter ous, poisoning popes holy ? Are mistress- keeping cardinals _ holy ? Are lucre-loving bishops, making mer chandise of relics, dispensations, and the graces of the church, holy ? Are peni tent- seducing confessors holy? Was Pope Borgia, who had the same woman for daughter, wife, and daughter-in-law ; Pope Borgia, killed by the poison which he had himself prepared for another ; — was he holy ? Were those cardinals and bishopB, who beat each other with sticks in a council called the council of brigands, holy? The parish priests who are de nounced ip the class books, confessors and seducers of girls, are they holy ? But do not let us abuse a victory so easily gained ; let us leave to each one the care of seeking in his recollection whether every priest he knows be holy. If we had to deal with Jewish priests, we might rest satisfied with the words of Jesus: "Whatsoever they bid you ob serve, that observe and do ; but do not ye after their works." But in the Eomish Church, what the priest does is the layman's business ; what one does, saves the other ; he is therefore fully authorized to see whether he does it well, whether he is worthy of doing it, before he is trusted with a man's salvation. In the Eomish Church, however, more stress is laid upon the third column, the Virgin Mary. Let us then try its solidity. Let us study the history of Mary at its source in the gospel, and first listen to the Angel Gabriel : " Hail, thou that art highly favoured ! " and again, " Thou hast found favour with God." You hear this, highly favoured, or graciously accepted, exactly like us sinners ; nay, she herself calls God her " Saviour." Now, a Saviour grants favour and gracious ac ceptance to the guilty, and not to the innocent. And this' is so clearly the sense of the angel's words, that the Eomish Church, perceiving herself con demned by them, has falsified the passage by means of a quibble, in order to escape. She is made to say in the Vulgate, " Mary full of grace," and not " highly favoured because the expression, full of grace, may, if needful, be made to signify, full of graces to distribute to others, — as one might say, full of treasures. Well, then, the Eomish Church has committed forgery ! There is not in the. text, full of grace, but highly favoured, and this falsi fication proves that she felt herself con demned; Once Mary and her children, (for Mary had sons whose father Joseph was) sought for Jesus, and tried to separate him from the surrounding crowd.. She sent unto him, calling him, and they, said unto him, " Behold thy mother and thy- brethren without, seek for thee." Then Jesus, as if disdaining to suspend his conversation with his apostles, for the sake of pleasing his relations, replied, " Who is my mother, or my brethren? and he looked round about on them which sat about him, and said, Behold my mother and my brethren ! for whosoever shall do the will of God, the same is my brother, and my sister, and my mother." According to Jesus himself, Mary, was placed on a level with the apostles. Another time, at the marriage at Cana, the guests wanted, wine ; Mary noticed it to Jesus, as if to suggest a miracle; but the Saviour, in order to make her feel that her intervention was improper, replied " woman what have I to do with thee ? " Then on the solemn day of: his .death, the Saviour . said to John.: ".Behold thy . mother,", and to Mary, Behold thy ton," That is, Jesus placed upon the same line his , disciple and his mother ; he recom-- mended the one to the other, as one would do for a relative and friend. Is that raising Mary to the rank of divinity ? Is it not rather placing her on the level of mere created beings? We do not wish to lower what God has raised. We regard as a magnificent favour, her having beeu chosen to bring into, the world the body, of Jesus Christ. But she hasno more reason to glory in herself, than the earthen vessel has to glory in the treasure deposited in it. Mary is the vessel of clay, Jesus' is. the treasure. ; It appears that God, by preserving for us .in the gospel these details, intended to forewarn Christians agaiust the part which the Eomish Ohrrch was to make Mary play. Vet this is she, who has ;been made the goddess of liotnan Catho licism! she, who- has more altars than the Creator ! she, who is . presented as the mediatrix between God and men ! A.nd yet, the Bible says, there is one mediator between Qod and — who? is it God and Mory ? No it is between God and — men! But who is the sole intercessor? Is it Mary ? No it is Jesus Christ. What could be clearer? "There is one medi tator between God and men, Christ Jesus." Vet the Bible adds to this clearness. If that was the whole text, it might be said : this has to do with Jesus Christ in asmuch as he was the Son of God. But the Son of God is too great for us to dare to raise ourselves to him ; consequently we must be presented to him by a holy woman, his mother, with whom we are more nearly connected. But no; it is said in the text, "the man Christ. Jesus hear that ! the man Christ Jesus ! We understand the attractiveness that there is for the flesh to pray to a being, our fellow- creature, rather than to the Thrice Holy God! We understand how the young girl may love to see her patroness in Marv, a young virgin ; how the matron may be pleased to seek as her protectress, Mary, a young mother Alas ! even man himself may seek an earthly fancy, so far, in the young, beautiful, and loving Mary. But whpn we want to raise ourselves to God we feel that it must be with far different feelings, pure and holy sentiments, disengaged from all things carnal and earthly. Thus, in the Eomish Church, Balvation rests upon an uncertain tradition, upon a sinful priest,- upon a graciously accepted woman ; let us Bee if the fourth column willl bear examination better. The fourth column is good works. Heap one upon another, all your noble thoughts, all your self-denial, all your acts of heroism, all your almsdeeds ; and see if this column is high enough to reach unto heaven ! Our good works ? but is it not irony ? Where are our good works ? who has seen them ? who has numbered them ? and above all, who has weighed them? My good works ; a selfish being, thinking of myself alone, acting only for myself alone, or, if thinking and acting for others, only doing it in proportion to what returns I may happen to expect! What ? my good works are to raise me to heaven, when I do wrong every day ? Vain, impure, self-seeking, ungrateful T — I am to bring together all these merits and form of them a pyramid, to clamber up to. heaven ? . But verily it wonld be as well to tell one to dig a well in order to. climb a mountain, to throw one's self into an abyss in order to reach the top of the Andes ! If there is one man . among us. who trusts he has done enough ot good to .merit heaven, let him say so, we will be bold . on our side to answer him: " Thou art at least a proud fellow ; and that alone excludes thee from the heaven thou sayest thou hast deserved !" Such , then are the four columns, which,, in the Romish Church, support the sal vation of the faithful. Hesitate not to say, they are four worm-eaten columns ! ..Take care, the .vault is. falling ! ... . Instead of these four, fallen columns of the Eomish Church, what does the Pro testant. Church erect ! Four very different . columns. " : Instead of tradition, she places the Word, of God, ; admitted such by Eoman- ists , themselves ; the Bible, written by the prophets and the, immediate apostles of Jesus Christ; the Bible revealed directly bv God. If they deny it, then all Christian churches crumble to dust, — theirs as tvell as ours. A Protestant, has the right of disputing the authority of .tradition, while upholding that of the Bible ; but a Eoman Catholic, has no right . to dispute the authority of the Bible, while he, upholds that of tradition. .Bible, and tradition, here are two documents ; on .the second we differ, it is "then, ;at - least, contested. Is it with reason? Let us examine. . We have seen it, tradition was only written, after innumerable tongues had successively hnnded it down ; no one knows where to take it from, where it begins, or where it ends. The Bible, on the contrary, is per fectly well defined. The Old Testament, arid the New, the writings of the prophets, arid, those of the apostles, are the same ariibrig' the" Roman Catholics as among the Protestants ; these writings . are those of occular witnesses. . This -Word is written, unchangeable. Therefore for indefinite tradition, we substitute the definite Bible ; to the word of(man, we oppose the' Word of God. . So that, in a word, tradition,. the first Eomish column, has its place taken by the Holy Ghost, the first . Protestant columri.: Let us pass on to the second,' Instead of -the Eomish priest offering the host, and dispensing pardon, what has the Pro testant Church ?. She has 'God hiiriself, offering J his Son, and dispensing the remission of sins. — For their sinful priest, how much do we prefer to substitute our thrice holy and Almighty God ! How much rather do we say, it is God himself who has offered for us the voluntary sacrifice of his Son; God himself. who forgives all our sins; God himself who does all in our stead! What can we need? It is God, who promises the Saviour ; God, who caused him to be foretold by the prophets ; God who sent -him upon earth ; God who sacrificed him upon Golgotha ; God who gives us faith ; God who gives us works ; God who does all; God who saves us; God, and not man ; God, and not the priest ? What ? And when the work is thus wholly done by God, shall we go and substitute for this Holy God, the sinfnl? — No, no; keep the priest; but leave us our God, our Father, for a pillar and Saviour ! For Mary interceding for us in the Eomish Church, what does the Protest ant Church substitute? Jesus Christ, sole mediator; that is, once more, the Eternal Word, instead of acreated woman. ' There is one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus." The gospel, which everywhere exhorts us to pray to the Father in the name of the Son, tells us nowhere to pray to the Son in the name of Mary ! Tlie Guild of All Souls exists in England to bring back into the Reformed Ohurch of England, Prayers for the Ddad. It has published Reqniem Services from the English Pre-Ref or mation Sarum Service Book, as well as from those at present in use in the Church of Rome. Also the Office for the Dead, with both Roman and Sarnm vespers, matins and lands. Prayers to Mary, Departed Spirits, and Angels, are a neoessary part of the Ritualistic 'plan of campaign,' which also include Purgatory and Masses for the Dead : these forming a great source of pecuniary in come. The full atonement of the one sacrifice of the Lord Jesus on Calvary is completely neutralised by Ritualistic false doctrine. If RitnaliBm bs truth, then the Inspired Word of God is a lie. ; A "Wretched Farce.— The London Church Times, (June 15,) sneers at the ordination of a Bishop of the GpiBCopal Methodist Ohurch of America, as a " wretched farce," because the ceremony took place in the Opera House — If the building invalidates the orthodoxy of Apostolic suc cession, what about the validity of the rite in the days of the Early Ohurch, before Cathed rals were built. But God is a spirit and reads the heart of man, and spiritnal worship needs not bricks and mortar. Besides, which is not the ritual worship of the Ohurch Times party worse than a wretched farce, when the incenBe swinging thurifer leads the procession ronnd the Ohurob, followed by the bearer of the bearer of the Brazen Orncifix, the server carrying the chalice, then two boys holding lighted candles, and the shaven sharp-featured priest with his elements, followed by the choir boys singing. The whole party arrayed in vestments of striking colours, and slowly moving to the " Altar " whereon the Risen Christ is again crucified for the sins He is powerless to atone for. Ritualism is worae than a farce it is a crime. A Symbolic Danger Trap.— A Ritualist with imperfect eyesight was recently baptising an infant, and dipped, up with a shell, or thought he did, the sacramen tal channel of grace, — the Holy water of , sin-absolving potenoy 1 The shell was dry, the baptism was invalid and the Iobs to the infant momentous. Moral. The hollow of the hand is better than the symbolic shell. In tbe Scliool of Arts.— In the new Ladies' reading-room we first of all came across the weekly copy of the Protestant Standard, and as an apparent anti dote to its faithful warnings, was the most insidious organ of the great Jesuit conspiracy, within the Ohurch of England, The Church Times. In addition to the above, and in order to represent the third school of thought, or to .speak more correctly, the rebound of human intelligence from the miserable parody of roligion in manufacturing a little bit of bread into the Great God of the Universe, was the Republican. The organs of the -truth of superstition, and of atheism, lie on the same table. We do not disapprove but approve of this. As long as the Protestant Standard is uplifted, hydra headed error will be neutralised. Parnellism and Crime.— The complete vindication of the London Times, which was the result of Mr. O'Donnell's libel action against it,.haB brought matters to a orisis with Mr. Paraell and his following. He ,hasr all along deoliued to accept the challenge of the Times to sub it for libel, for charging him/and his party with implication in the Phoenix Park assassinations, and other orimes in lreland. 'But though the winning of suoh a case would have immensely strengthened his cause, and would have greatly enriohed him, nothing could persuade him, to take the step that" was obviously the proper one if the . oharges of the Times were not wall founded. : HiB refusal to do. this, would go to shew that be knew those oharges were wall founded, and feared exposure if , he entered an action. However Mr. O'Dounell took up the battle for the Parnellito party, and got com pletely worsted; ; v. His aolioitor -does not ap- : pear to consider he 'had been- fairly dealt with by. Mr. Parnell. . j Indeed- from thojtele- gram it would appear that he thought that gentleman had misled hie client, for hd has written to the Times to say' that every step in the action was first submitted to Mr. Parnel ; who was therefore the real prosecutor, though he had been so careful to keep his name out of it. Mr. O'Donnell, despite of threats that his life would be attempted, insisted on going on with the action, and Mr. Pamell could hardly do anything else than pretend to assist him. EvidenllyMr. O'Donnell was'not in all tbe secrets of tbe Irish National League party ; and be resents the false position be wpb put in by the damning exposure of those letters, which Mr. Parnell now declares to be forgeries, as be did in tbe case of another letter published above bis name, by the Times , some time ago. If they be forgeries why did be not go to the open law courts and prove it, and why is be bo opposed to a commission of the judges to examine the charges against him. It is not reasonable to believe that the great Times would stoop to forge letters, or would risk making such criminal charges without having proofs in its possession. The cable sews tells tbat.Mr. Parnel), in the House of of Commons, declared that the letters pro duced in the O'Donnell libel case against the Times , purporting to have been written by himself, Egan, and Byrne, were forgeries. Be esked for the appointment of a'committee to enquire into the authenticity of the letter attributed to him. Tbe Bight Bon. W. B. Smith, on behalf of the Government, refused to sanction the appointment of a committee, as Parliament was incompetent to deal with Buch charges while the courts of law were available. Mr. Parnell then gave notice that he wonid move for tbe appoint ment of a committee of erquiry. Mr. Smith said the Government would agree to tbe appointment of a commission of judges with power to compel the disclosure of facts concerning the documents,, and tbe granting of certificates of protection to witnesses and connselin the late-libel action. Mr.O'Donnell's solicitor declares that every Btep taken in the action against tbe Times was submitted to Mr. Fame, for his approval. Mr. Parnell desired that the enquiry of the committee should be limited to the authenticity of the lettero pro duced in tbis libel action.. The Times regards Mr. Parnell's motion as a sham, and insists that in the event of an enquiry the whole of the charges shall be included. On the 17th inst., a bill to appoint a Boyal Commissioner of Enquiry into tbe charges against Mr. Parnell was read the first time. That gentleman angrily refused to accept or object to the bill untii the measure bad been printed and cir culated among the members.. He declared that the Bouse and not the Government ought to nominate tbe tribunal to consider the charges. Be accused the Government of being accomplices of butchers,, while tbe Parnellites were the sheep. Mr. Gladstone declared in the House on the 18th that it was an act of cruelty to refuse Mr. Pamell a select committee of enquiry into the authenticity of the letters. In his opinion the enquiry ought to be limited to definite issues. He considered Mr. Parnell's approval of the retention of the Irish members at Westminister ought to re move the distrust in Home Bule. Mr. Labouchere, M P., for Northampton, and Sir J. Mackenna, M.P., for Moneghan, gave notices of motion for the rejection of tbe bill to appoint a commissioner of enquiry. On the 23rd inst., tbe Bight Hon. W. H. Smith, Leader of the House, moved the second reading of the hill for a Boyal Commission of Ecqniry into the charges made by the Times against Mr. Parnell and the other members of his parly, and proposed that the Com mission sbonid consist of Sir James Hannen President.) and Justices Sir John Charles Day, and Sir Archibald Levin Smith. Mr. Parnell declared that the Government pro posed to investigate not into his conduct alone, hut also into the action of the league in Ireland, Britain, and America, and he for some reason waB very angry at, and objected to this ; but he said he believed he would emerge from the enquiry untarnished. He said it should be confined to pecific Members of Parliament. Mr. Gladstone insisted that only charges of a definite character should he investigated by the Commission. The main charge was con cerning the authenticity of the letters pro duced at the late trial. He expressed doubt whether the Commission would command the confidence of the public. The Home Secretary, Mr Matthews, Q.O., said the gravest charge was whether it was true that a political party was in close alliance with planners of outrage. The omission of other persons than those to whom Mr. Parnell desired the enquiry to be confined would simply reduce it to a farce. Sir Charles Buseell declared the proposed tribuual was an unfair one, and would prove unworkable, and the enquiry interminable. He would, he said, prefer a partizan London jury . Mr. T. O'Connor protested that the Irish party refused to allow an enquiry into the history of the National League. With one accord the Parnellite members seem to dread a judicial inquiry, and on one excuse and another endeavour to prevent it. Their anxiety to prevent the enquiry must strengthen ihe suspicion that they are aware that the Times charges were true, and they fear further \- ®JP0Bure. The debate was protracted. Mr. Chamberlain suggeated that the nation should pay the expenses of the successful party in the enquiry. Sir W.Vernon Harcourt violently jutachtd Sir Bichard Webster, (lie Attorney H®Derhl> w bo appeared for the Times in the libel action, and declared he ought to take steps to picsccnte Mr. Parnell if he believed th charges made by the Times,' Mr. Glad stone declared the Government could not dis cover any Parnellite who had shewn com- plicity with crime. At the request of Mr. «v5 Mr. Labouchere and Sir J. Mackenna withdrew their amendments against the bill. J-he motion for the second reading was carried and the hill will be considered in committee next Monday, when we may expect to see ant tber outburst of baffled rage by the Parnel- litfP. Impotent Infallibility.— A short time ago the cable informed ub that the Pope had declared that .he was determined not to leave Rome ; despite the legislation and actions of the Italian Government, which were inimical to the papacy. This intimation did not appear to have the effect " his holi ness" hoped, in causing the other powers to interfere be tween him and the Italian nation, which has suffered such cruelty and degrada tion at tbe hands of the papacy, before the Italians rose against the priestly misrule and cruel despotism ; and set up a united Italian nation, as soon as the foreign French troops were withdrawn from the support of the papal would-be sovereign. Failing in his first attempt to stir up some foreign power to come to his aid, the Pope appears to have tried another and exactly opposite plan,' with similar disheartening failure. He threatened to leave Italy ! The threat however has not even aroused a pretence of interest. He msy leave if he likes; the Italian Government ana nation will rejoice at his departure, and none of the other B.C. powers will raise a hand to help bim. How are the mighty fallen I A London telegram of the 15th inst., tells tbe tale in a few pregnant words. It says — "The European Powers have taken no notice of an intimation in the nature of a threat that the Pope will feel himself compelled to leave Italy if the Italian Government persists in carrying- out new legislation against the Vati- oan." Here is a contemptible position for the papacy that claims and once possessed Bupreme power in Europe, raising nation against nation, raising kings and deposing them at pleasure, and nowjso fallen that not a nation in Europe cares whether the Pope leaves Borne or not. The Prince of Monaco, the disgraceful gambling hell of Europe, being a devout Romanist, has offered the decrepit old representative of a fallen power that enslaved mankind, an asylum there. Would not that holy act absolve him for the gambling on which his little principality lives? And would not pilgrims to " his holiness " bring more grist to the gambling tables? A very appropriate compact that would he, and Pope Leo could get a commission for his en couragement of the gambling which cauBSB so many suicides, so much misery Then Malta has been suggested as a refuge for the Pope. It would be a remarkable sight to see the Pope seeking the protection of tbe great heretio " Protestant " empire the papacy has so often cursed and attempted to destroy, but which has prospered in spite of papal cursing. The Pope has been wise enough to invest immense some of money under the proteotion of the Protestant British Empire, and why should he not place his body under her pro tection also ? Wherever he go the Italians would he glad to be rid of the incubus. How ever we believe that the first impotent threat of bis holiness waB the true one, and he will not leave Italy, if he can possibly help it. It is curiously inconsistent, for the Pope, while protesting that he is a prisoner, to show that be is free by threatening (!) to leave the . country. The success which attended bis jubilee, the £4,000,000 worth of gifts that poured in on him from all quarters appeared to have made the old man tbink more highly of himself than he ought to think, and fondly imagine that he still had power to summon the nations to his feet. He has been dis illusionised. He has called, but the nations are contemptuously indifferent. Terribly Afraid. — There are some folk who are like shying asBes. They never can see certain objects without kicking or braying. One of these absurd folk made himself very restive on the twelfth of July, this year on beholding a youth in the University grounds, wearing 1 a broad purple sash." So he kicked himself into a foolish rage, and never got quiet until he got into the S. M. Herald , and could not keep the head of King William III., of glorious memory, out of the document. It stuck there like that of King Charles I., in Mr. Dick's celebrated history. After all that figetty body must have laughed at himself when it waB explained that the Orangemen had no hand in the matter, the broad purple scarf being merely the acknowledged badge of the medical students. The man mast be an awfnl fanatic. 