" SUPPRESSED" CLARE. A fair was held in Miltown-Malbav n Friday last (says United Ireland of 12t? May), and a splendid meeting—one of th« largest that has been held in West CW —was rapidly assembled. A force of policemen were present, and six at least of them devoted themselves to writim, down in longhand stray sentences of the speeches in their notebooks. The P. White, P.P., presided. ME. DILLON'S SPEECH. Mr. John Dillon said—I have long desired to visit this town in order to tsfl you how much I sympathise with the people of this district in the base and contemptible and mean persecution to which they have been subjected. And before I allude to that matter, I wish to say that it would be impossible for ns to put into language the encouragement which is given to us by such a scene&B; is beheld here to-day in the great straggle which we are maintaining against terrible odds. (Cheers.) We have to fight for the cause of Ireland and for the rights of her people, begirt by foes of great power and influence, foes in our own country as well as in England. Now, I say that it is impossible for a man to lose heart in this struggle when he sees such a demonstration as is gathered round this platform to-day ; at five minutes' notice, the whole population of the country gathered around this platform to pledge anew their faith in the cause which was handed down to them by their fathers. (Cheers.) THE VITALITY OF THE LEAGUE. They talk about the Nation^ League being suppressed in West Clare. (Laughter.) Look around at this meeting to-day—I will venture to say one of the finest gatherings that has been seen in Miltown-M.albay for many a long day, simply because it was known that the doctrine of the National League and the national cause of Ireland was to be preached from this platform. Here we have thousands of the people of Clare coming to pledge themselves to that cause and to the League—(cheers)— thousands of persons whom not all the gold of England or the power of her Ministers could gather around any platform whatever. (Applause.) If this be death, then I would like to know what you must have been when you were alive. (A Voice—It never had more life in it than at present. Cheers.) Mr. Dillon—I say that if these be ghosts that are around this platform, I never want better men to fight in any cause. (Cheers.) BBUTAL TYBANNY. You have been subjected here in this district—the peopleof Miltown-Malbay— to detestable, mean, and brutal tyranny. I don't believe that in the whole civilised world there could be produced anything similar to what has been done in this town. Men have been sentenced to ferocious and brutal punishment for offences which would not be looked on as crimes in any country in the world except Ireland—(hear, hear)—and for refusing to do what they had a perfect right to refuse to do they have been treated as if they were pickpockets, or something worse. In reports of trials in England you will see a man brought up accused of kicking his wife to death, or of almost beating out the brains of, perhaps, his own child; and what will be the sentence P Two months or three months' imprisonment. But here in Ireland we have it laid down that to refuse to sell over the counter to an individual who has no money to pay for what he wants to buy, very often is a greater crime than to beat one's wife to death, or to kill one's child. (Hear, hear.) I say that the things for which the people of Miltown have been sentenced were no crimes at all, and they would not be counted crimes in any civilised country. (Applause.) GOVERNMENT BY CONSPIRACY. Everyone knows that the whole of this thing was merely a conspiracy to persecute the Nationalists of Miltown—a persecution devised by the magistrates and by the police, in order, if possible, to break down the spirit of the people of this district. (" No fear.") The principles of the League and the policy which we recommended to the country was not based on crime or outrage— (hear, hear)—the people were peaceable, and pursued their rights in a legal manner by peaceful agitation. The authorities were infuriated because they could not get a hold of the people, .and they had to invent this process of sending obnoxious individuals, guarded by police, to buy goods in a man's shop, in order to destroy his trade, and persecute him and ruin him. (Hear, hear.) Then, because he refused to sell to them, they bring their Removable magistrates—(groans) —and sentence him (o a savage ^punishment for an offence which, if it had gone before any jury iii anv part of England, would have been scouted out of eoiiffc /Hear, hear.) You know perfectly well that these proceedings are not law or justice, but are A parody upon iaw and justice. These men are no judges; they are the salaried servants of the Executive, and they simply carry out the orders of the C»6tle. (Sear, hear.) You might as well be tried for an offence against a landlord by his own bailiff—(hear)—as to be tried by these salaried servants of the Executive, who can be dismissed at a week's notice if they do not do what they are told. (Hear, hear.) These men are the blind tools of the Lord Lieutenant and of Mr. Balfour, our worthy Governor. (Groans.) Acting under the orders of their paymaster they first of all started a conspiracy amongst the people of this town, and then sat as judges in order to carry out their own conspiracy. (Hear, hear.) The result of this is that I think th e people of Miltown and of West Clare ought to be. extremely proud of themselves, because it shoves that they have given trouble to Dublin Castle—(cheers) —and I know of no prouder boast for any district or county in Ireland to make, than that they have been troublesome to the Castle. (Cheers.) turncoat tttrnee. I once thought that Colonel Turner was an honest man, but I found out that I waB greatly mistaken. Colonel Turner, I suppose, got his name from the facility with which he turns his coat. He has already turned it three times, and I daresay that if we were in power tomorrow he would be our most obedient servant. (Laughter.) When Lord Aberdeen was Lord Lieutenant, Colonel Turner used to go about the drawing rooms of Dublin declaring that he was go strong a Home Ruler and so much in favour of the National party that if he had beeu an Irishman he would have joined the Fenian party. (Laughter.) That lasted as long as he was paid by Lord Aberdeen; bjit when Mr. Balfour came into office Colonel Turner found out that the Irish Nationalists were the greatest scoundrels in the world, and that nothing was fit for them except dragoons ana the bayonets of the police. I am informed on the best authority that Colonel Turner nearly every week sends up a report to Dublin Castle recommending that the people should be ridden down and batoned and bayoneted at every attempt they make to meet together. (Groans.) He has taken up his quarters in the house of a Mr. Richard Stacpoole. (Groans.) He is rapidly becoming a kind of head bailiff to Mr. Richard Stacpoole, to do whatever Mr. Stacpoole wants. It is very hard for Irishmen to submit to be browbeaten by this English officer. But the time will come very soon when we will have no more of it. (Cheers.) EVICTED FABMS. Now let "me ask you what your opinion is on this question of abstaining from taking evicted farms ? No one will take them. (Cheers.) I don't think it necessary for me to give you any advice on the subject. (Cheers.) When you meet with a landlord who is thinking of evicting so-and-so from his home, he begins to say—"Yes, but who will I get to take the home ?" (Laughter and cbeers.) The landlords of Ireland held b convention in Dublin, and one of them suggested that the Government should buy out the tenants. But the notorious Mr. Townsend Trench, the agent of Lord Lansdowne, said—"That would never do, because the landlord after he had bought the land, might find that he had a white elephant on his hands." (Hear, hear.) We taught Mr. Trench a lesson, and he let the oat out of the bag without intending it. It so happens that he has five square miles of evicted land on his hands in the Queen's County, where they are evicting the Luggacurran tenants, and he betrayed himself when he confessed he found the five square miles was a white elephant. (Laughter.) In my opinion, if the people of Ireland were once more to take land-grabbers by the hands, and shake them warmly, they would be making the greatest mistake they ever made in theirm^:'" (Cries of " Never.") I believe the p&'ple of Ireland have ascertained their power, and having learned the true way in which they can exercise power in their own country, that no amount of oppression and no amount of intimidation will turn them hack from that policy. (Applause.) AN EFFECTIVE POLICY. That policy was a policy brought forward by us in order to save the people of Ireland from repatitions of 1847 and 1850, in order to save them from extermination from the land of their birth. (Hear, hear.) It was a policy which we have Unproved from day to day and year to year, according as experience has taught ns to improve it. It is a policy which has broken the ranks of the landlords of Ireland; and carried terror into their camp; it is a policy which has for its object not alone to secure for the farmers of Ireland the possession of their own homes without any lords over them at all, but also to secure to the nation of Ireland the possession of the land of Ireland—(cheer)—and to break and smash that garrison which was planted amongst us by a foreign conqueror, to hold our country for that alien Government across the water, and to hold down our people in slavery—I say that policy has done half of its work; it has more than half secured the Irish farmers in their homes; it has terrified the landlords; it has weakened their power. There is not a labouring man in the crowd listening to me who has not more power and influence in the county Clare than the proudest landlord of the whole of them. (Hear, hear.) The Irish people would be base, would be contemptible, would be worthy of slavery, if they turned their hand from the plough when the labour was half done. They will not do so. (Cries of "Never.") The people of Clare show that so far from being inclined to turn back from that policy, they are more eager in its prosecution than ever they were before —that so far from the National organisation of the League being dead in Clare, it has flourished under persecution; and, believe me, after what I have seen today and yesterday, I say with confidence that if the Irish race follow the example of Western Clare, all the power of England's Government and of Balfour's Coercion Act—(groans)—will prove idle against the will of a united people (Loud cheers.) .Mr. David Sheehy, M.P., and the chairman, also addressed the meeting. 