Brevities. The raeeconroe hotel, Wernbee, was totally destroyed by fire early on Saturday morn ing. The rebel chief, Diniruln, his been cap-' tared by the Boers apd handed of'er \o'ik»" Britiih authorities. The memorial stone of the new Protestant Hall, Geeloog, is tobe formally liidoD Fri day, Sept. 7, by the hoo. James Munro, M.L.A. :. • ■ i !T\V A depatation it about to be sent from Scotland to Australia and India, with a view oE interesting Highlander! abroad in the present wretched condition of the eroftersat borne. : Mr. Patrick Ford's influence in American politics "has been suddenly aud oompletely destroyed through a discovery that~he""3a serted from the Federal Army during th« Civil War. The aggregate amonnt realised by the sales of the Watch Hill Estate, containing about 12.000 acres, aud the Hon. J. H. ConnorV" property adjoining, and consisting of Tlfifo acres, was £190,000. President Cleveland's demand for power to terminate the free transit of CaaaXaii goods in bond across the territory of tha. United States is regarded as giving'tie J tisheriea dispute a very ugly aspect: , Manoeuvres which have been recently car ried on by the French and Italian fleets have' been much commented on by the European Press, and are regarded as indicating ■con tinued bitterness between the two oonutrlft. The Dominion Press generally baa received calmly President Cleveland's message to Congress asking for power to undertake retaliatory metsuree, but the leading'papers declare that Canada will never submit-to coercion, and will uphold her rights at asy) OMt- „ '.I-)' "■•<,. vi The Ilortham Time* says :—" As an illns tratiou of the extent'aud varied,chmatio obaracteristtcs of the Wimmera, v 'we may mention that while in parts to the south and south-west there is not only enough.'bat*, in some portions toe much moisture jurtrio*-; settlers were carting water this week in the plains near Kalltee.' . . . ■■ It ia intended to establish a Roman Catholio College and Orphanage at fiallnrat. The first-named will be conducted br the Fathers of the Holy Ghost, and the latter by , the Little Sisters of Naureth Both prietts and nuns will arrive from England with Bishop Moore in November. Tne site for, the college is in Stnrt-street, and was pur chased from Mr. Gaunt, barrister, for £1000. Xhe orphanage will be on the eastern side of lake Wenduarw, and will be open also lor "-STipfl snii rtiitiejswil 111 ill until 