[?] Legislative Council. Thursday, November 15. This branch of the Legislature had but a very 6hort sitting. Mr- Simpson, in replying to Dr. Creed, said none of the gunpits necessary for the emplacement of hydro-pneumatic grins which arrived in 1886 and 1887, had been commenced, but the matter was in train. The torpedo stores and materials which the Major vjeucnu iiummanuing cunsiuereu ts&tJiicitn.; iut uic efficient defence of Port Jackson -were ordered in June last. The West Maitland Cattle Saleyards Bill was read a second time and passed through com mittee. In committee Mr. Suttor moved an amend ment which would have limited the Council's power to collect fees only from 6aleyards established within the limits of the borough ; but the amendment was negatived by 22 to 3. The bill was reported, and the House adjourned at 5.30. 'Wednesday, November 21. The Council had but a short sitting. Much of the time was taken up with formal business. The West Maitland Cattle Sale Yards Bill was lead a third time and 6ent to the Assembly. On the motion of Dr. Kenwick, the Broken Hill Gas Company's Bill was read a second time, and taken into committee. Dr. Renwick explained that the measure required con siderable amendment with regard to its verbiage, and he therefore did not proceed with it, but moved the chairman out of the chair, intending at a future sitting to present the necessary amendments. The House accordingly resumed. . The . House next went into ? committee to consider the Sydney Hydraulic Power Company's Bill. Some discussion took place on the clause giving the company power to frame bylaws. With the view of protecting the public, Sir William Manning moved the addition of words which ?would prevent a bylaw having effect or force for until it bad received the approval of the Government and Executive Council, and had been gazetted. Mr. Figott intimated his desire to draft a new clause which would give effect to the suggestion of Sir W. Manning, and moved the chairman out of the chair. The motion was agreed to and the House resumed. The Liverpool Church School Land Sale Bill was received from the Assembly and read a first time. The Council adjourned at 6 o'clock. Legislative Assembly. Thursday, November 15. miscellaneous. Mr. Brunker, in reply to Mr. J. P. Abbott, gave the names of the members of the Royal Commission appointed to inquire into the efficacy of proposals for the destruction of rabbits, including those of M. Pasteur. . The commission's progress report would be ready shortly ; JJ500 had been advanced to the com mission, but £4222 had beeu paid for expenses in con nection with Rodd Island. Mr. Brunker, in reply to Mr, Copeland, stated that the sum of £58,780 was overdue in connection with the rabbit subsidy, exclusive of claims to the value of about £18,000 with regard to which final action had not yet been taken. Since the present Government came into office £298,872 had been paid on account of rabbit subsidies. Mr. Abigail, in reply to Mr. Lakeman, said that tenders had been invited for boring for water on several of the principal stock routes. Several bores had been put down, and a copious supply of artesian water had been obtained from seven sites, and a good supply of sub- artesian water had been obtained at 21 sites. Several other questions were replied to by Minis ters, and some formal business transacted. Mr. Chanter carried a resolution making it incum bent on the Government to advertise in 6ome news paper circulated in every district where land was to be sold by conditional purchase or otherwise, prior to the sale. PAYMENT OF MEMBERS. Mr. W. Clarke, who has charge of the Payment of Members Bill, obtained leave to introduce a Payment of Members Bill. His motion was put to a division, and carried by 32 to 20. The following Ministers voted against* it :-— Sir Henry Parkes and Messrs. Inglis, Brunker, Roberts, and Bums. The sum which the bill proposes to pay to each member is £300 per annum. THE FINANCIAL STATEMENT. The budget debate was resumed by Mr. Wall, who was glad that the expenditure was to be kept within the revenue, but thought that information should have been given as to what was to be done to reduce the deficit. The Treasurer's balance-sheet was mis leading, because it made no allowance for the liabili- ? ties in connection with the rabbit subsidy or the refund to the pastoral lessees. -i Mr. Buchanan contended that they had not got from the Treasurer an exact statement of the finan cial position of the country. The leading papers had - both confessed that the Treasurer was wrong. He did not say that the Treasurer was dishonest, but his ; statements were fallacious, inasmuch as he took no i cognisance of the deficit. Here was a country, with a population of 1,000,000 and an annual expenditure of £9,000,000. In the whole history of nations there '. was nothing to equal it. If the present rate of - expenditure were continued, he could see nothing but '. ruin for the country. He found fault with the 6ta- ? tistics of the Government statistician, argued that '. Victoria was far more prosperous than New South 1 Wales, and said there was a great and powerful revo- 1 lution taking place in the public mind of this colony, - and before long the people would come to recognise J,hat free trade meant wages and work for foreigners, tmd want of work for cfur own men, ? i Mr. Copeland found fault with the Treasurer for ( having introduced the question -of free trade and pro- { tectibnintothe'debate; and with the return laid on i the table with respect to the reduction of rents of the . i paBtoral lessees. The. return .of the arrears of rent . was also false and cunningly devised. He then passed i sn to the deficit, and asked whether it was not a most f remarkable thing that the Government had not given t the slightest idea of what the deficit was. The Go- t verament had promised to bring forward a measure \ for reducing the deficit, but they had not done so; and they had neglected to bring forward other bills n which they had promised. The Treasurer had pointed b do the increase of population, but that was due to our C great mineral discoveries ; now, however, the tide had 1( turned, and people were going to Victoria wholesale. I tie quoted statistics to show that our agricultural d interests were not in such a flourishing condition as t- ;hosc of Victoria, and that our financial condition was p aot so good as that of Victoria, whilst our manufac- ti lining industries were not in so flourishing a state. J ir So little was the interest taken in the debate that it h , was only by repeated calls by the bell that a quorum of members could be got together. Mr. Lakeman did not think the accounts put for ward by the Colonial Treasurer were true ones, and the House should tell hi'-n to take them back and submit correct accounts. If another Government came into power and made up the accounts at the present time, they would show a deficiency of a mil lion instead of a surplus. He complained of the way in which the portion of the colony which he repre sented had been neglected by the Government. Owing to bad legislation this colony was 50 years behind the others. Mr. F. Smith defended the finances of the Govern ment, but thought they should have brought in some good measures, such as a short bill to amend the Land Act. Mr. Gormly thought the Treasurer deserved to be censured for not having placed the finances of the colony before the country in a more*satisfactory con dition than he had done. The deficit was caused because we had several bad seasons and had stopped the sale of Crown lands by auction ; and the improve ment which had taken place was due to the occur rence of two good seasons. He did not think that the Treasurer would realise the revenue he had esti mated. He thought a Local Government Bill should have been introduced, and then there would have been no need to waste money on the unemployed. Some informal questions were put to Ministers and answered, and the House adjourned at twenty minutes to 12. Tuesday, November 20. miscellaneous. A number of questions, of scarcely any public im portance, were put to, and answered by, Ministers. Mr. Melville intimated his attention of moving, on Thursday, the adjournment of the House, to call attention to matters connected with the Little Bay HospitaL Government' property was being used for the purpose of breaking-in horses ; and a ghost occasionally appeared at the head of the beds of sick persons ; worse than all, there was a white leper in the institution. He said he would furnish evidence in support of his statement, when some hon. member asked him to pro duce the ghost. Mr. Schey took the initiatory step for the intro duction of an eight-hour bill. Some formal business having, been transacted, the House proceeded to the consideration of the Church of England Grammar School Land Sale Bill, which was read a second time and passed through committee with slight amendment. PROSECUTIONS FOR PERJURY. Mr. Lee moved the second reading of the Prosecu tions for Perjury Amendment Bill. He explained that the object of the bill was to give the district registrars under the Bankruptcy Act and magistrates power to grant leave to aggrieved persons to institute prosecutions for perjury. As the law now stood, it was necessary in respect to cases of any proceeding before a district registrar, or any justice of the peace, to obtain the leave of a Judge before any aggrieved party could institute any pro ceeding whatever for perjury against any person who had wilfully and maliciously sworn an information against him. If it was the law of the land that a man who was charged by anyone with the commission of an offence must be committed before he could clear his character, then he said it was high time that the law should be altered, and the object of his bill was to alter that law. Mr. Wise opposed the bill, as there was no demand for a repeal of the law, and if it were carried it would remove a most important safeguard against prosecu tion, which required that before a prosecution for perjury could be instituted the permission of a Supreme Court Judge should be obtained. Mr. J. P. Abbott thought it would be far better to repeal the section of the Act requiring the sanction of a Judge rather than to allow justices of the peace to 6ay whether a prosecution for perjury should be in stituted. He regretted that no law officer of the Government had a seat in the Assembly, After further discussion, Mr. Lee obtained permis sion to withdraw the bill. BULLI COLLIERY DISASTER BILL. Mr. Gould moved the second reading of the Bulli Colliery Disaster Fund Bill. The measure had twice passed the Council. It was proposed by the bill to give annuities of £30 to the widows of miners killed in the Bulli colliery, to give the sum of £10 per annum to the children dependent upon those who had lost then* lives in the colliery, and to provide in other respects for persons who had been dependent upon those killed in the mine. In cases of widows who married it was proposed that they should receive a lump sum of £100 and quit the fund altogether. The provisions of the bill were based on the lines that determined the distribution of the funds collected for the sufferers by the Creswick disaster. The com mittee had obtained from an actuary a report, which was to the effect that it would be possible to dis tribute a bonus of £85 to each of the widows, and a bonus of £10 for each of the children, in addition to the payment of the other sums the committee had pro vided for in the first instance. That report had been confirmed by Mr. Teece. The committee had no desire to interfere with any woman who might consider that she had grounds for action against anyone. Two or three tunes, whilst Mr. Gould was speaking, attention was called to the state of the House and a quorum formed. Mr. Melville moved an amendment that the bill should be sent before a select committee, so that they should have daylight thrown on everything connected with the management of the fund. Considerable discussion ensued. Mr. Riley and Mr. M'Millan defended the members of the Bulli committee against the aspersions cast upon them by Mr. Melville ; and Mr. J. P. Abbott warned Mr. Mel ville against what .he was doing, lest by thwarting the Bulli committee he drove them into the Equity Court, ? to ask that court to administer the fund. Ultimately ' the motion to refer the bill to a select committee was : carried on division of 26 to 16. - ENDOWMENT TO MUNICIPALITIES. t Last week the House refused to allow Mr. Carru- i thers to withdraw his motion in favour of the House ; ;oing into committee to consider the propriety of i granting municipalities an endowment equal to £ ] tor every £ raised by them. The order of the day - ivas now called on for the resumption of the debate. In reply to Mr. Dibbs, Mr. Clarke said that if the ] notion were carried it would involve an expenditure « rom the public revenue of £200,000. Mr. Dibbs 4 hen remarked that the Government should at once i ake up their stand on the matter, so that no time i vould be wasted. t The Government were not inclined to oppose the j notion for going into committee, and were prepared J o take the discussion when in committee, but Mr. e freer took occasion to discuss the matter at some a ength at the present stage. This brought up Sir lenry Parkes, who said that, as the matter had been £ iscussed now, he had no option but to ask the House t 3 reject the motion. Some debate having taken if lace, a division was called for, which resulted in. a a e, the numbers being 17 for and 17 against the a lotion. Under these circumstances the Speaker ga^g r is casting vote with the ayes, as it was merely a motion to go into committee, and the House would therefore have another opportunity of considering the matter. The House rose at 12.7. Wednesday, November 21. miscellaneous. A number of questions were answered by Ministers. Mr. Day brought in a bill to amend the law relating to bills of sale, and it was read a first time. The West Maitland Cattle Sale Yards Bill was received from the Council. Some ^formal business was trans acted. APPOINTMENT OF COLONIAL GOVERNORS. Sir Henry Parkes moved the adoption of an address to the Queen having reference to the appointment of colonial Governors. The address made reference to a circumstance which had occurred in a neighbouring colony, gratefully acknowledged the wisdom of the selection of the present Governor of this colony, and then went on to express an opinion that no person in the future should be appointed to the ofh'ce;of Governor who has not had experience in the conduct of public affairs in high political office or in the Imperial Parliament. Though not desirous of interfering with the functions of the Queen's advisers, the address submitted that it was desirable and reasonable and in strict accord with the privileges constitutionally con ferred upon her Australian subjects that in future the Government of Ihe colony should be informed of any intended appointment to the office of Governor before such appointment is finally made. He (Sir Henry) did not take this step with any desire or in tention of disturbing, still less of weakening, the re lations between these colonies and the mother country, but he took it in the interests of the Empire. He thought the adoption of such an address to the Queen would tend to increase the dignity of the office of Governor, strengthen the claims of the colonies, and be consistent with the developments of national life which every one must see in these colonies. It was of the very highest importance, viewing the question in the light of the connection with the mother country, that the Queen's advisers should be informed of the increased responsibility which fell upon mem ior appointing gentlemen to me nign om.ee of Governor in countries where the institution of self-government had been conferred upon the people. His motion, if adopted, meant the termination of the employment of what must be, without disrespect, termed professional Governors. The time had come when no man, as a mere step of promotion in the Im perial service, should be appointed to the position of Governor of any of these great colonies. Precisely the same qualities which pointed out the man to be chosen to assist in the administration of the Empire were required in the person sent to one of these colonies as Governor. Nor ought any man to be appointed merely for the sake of the salary attached to the office. The man to be appointed ought to be actuated with the same kind of ambition as the man who accepted the position of Cabinet Minister, and no one ought to come here for the sake of the salary or the emoluments of office. After traversing the address clause by clause, Sir Henry observed that the events which had recently taken place left him no other course than to seek to express the voice of the people of the country on this question. We could not, if we would, abstain from joining with the sister colonies in a matter of this kind. It would detrimentally affect our standing as a great colonv before the world, and would be incon sistent with the claim which we had a right to put forth to the world. Mr. Dibbs seconded the adoption of the address. He thought every member of the House concurred ?with the Premier in the speech he had delivered. But he suggested that the words in the first portion of the address, which contained ful some adulation of our present Governor, should be withdrawn. He thought it became the colonies to claim in some modified form a voice in the selection of their Governors ; at the same time it must be apparent tnattney were treading upon dangerous ground, as the step they were taking was one of aggression. Yet he felt sure that the Imperial Government would see the reasonableness of our demands and readily concede them. It was refused in the case of the Queensland peopl ; but the Imperial Government must give way in the matter of the appointment of Sir H. A. Blake ; and when they found this colony taking a stand practically on all fours with Queensland they would appoint some gentleman more suited to the position. These colonies would eventually become united, and the Imperial Government, seeing the inevitable, would readily fall in with the present proposal. Mr. Garvan considered the motion a very import ant one, but thought more time should have been given for its consideration. Mr. Buchanan congratulated the national party on the shape things were assuming at the present time, and strongly advocated the separation of this colony from the mother country. He moved an amendment w but* t;u.^v/ii vui*u tiu^ l^ui&w-isc;** wuui-v-muu v* vua^ colony with England tends seriously to obstruct and injure the free and independent government of this country by its own people ; and that in consequence of events which had happened in the neighbouring colonies, that cardinal principle of democracy that all free people should have the right of selecting their own rulers had been denied by the English Govern ment. Mr. Fletcher warmly supported the resolution, and asked what had separation to do with a question of this kind. Mr. Garland approved of the resolution, but thought more tune should have been allowed to consider the matter. Mr. Reid spoke at some length. He could not vote against the resolution, though he did not approve of the third part of it, which was in the interests of the Imperial authorities, and against the interests of the colony. It would practically place the appointment of the Governor in the hands of the Government of the day, and would relieve the Home Government., of their responsibility. If the Governor proved an unsuitable one, the Imperial authorities would turn round and say we had chosen him ourselves. He pointed out the difficulties which he thought we should get into if we appointed our own Governor. A Governor appointed in that way would be a nominee of the Ministers ; his position would consequently be a false and intolerable me. Mr. Wise supported the resolution of Sir Henry Parkes, as he looked upon it as a step towards the complete independence of the colony. We wanted a Governor free from the influence of the Colonial Office, i man of large experience, absolute independence, rigorous judgment, and bold expression, able to repre sent to the department in London the views of the people here exactly as they present themselves to him. tie looked upon this as a step towards a friendly separation, which was not only inevitable, but desir ible, if it came peaceably and gradually. Mr. Walker spoke in favour of separation. Mr . Slattery supported the resolution, and suggested that he amendment should be withdrawn. Mr. M'Millan ras entirely in accord with the spirit of the resolution, ,s was also Mr. Lvne. Mr. Haynes, Mr. O'Mara, j nd Mr. O'Sullivan having spoken, Sir Henry Parkes J epUed. j The amendment was negatived by 45 to 2( the two being Messrs. Buchanan and 'Walker. The original motion was agreed to without division. --i The House adjourned at 25 minutes to 1 o'clock. I Just before adjourning, Sir Henry Parkes intimated j that it was the intention of the Government to ask If for Friday as an additional sitting day. I 