BLOCK 14 COMPANY. To ths sorrOR. Sir— A meeting of shareholders in this company has been convened for Monday next in the Town EMi to consider a proposal for increasing the capital of the company, whioh proposal originates with the present directors, and it may reasonably be assumed will be strongly supported by them at the extra SJdSS!? '.&**'£ meeting to be held in Melbourne on the 26th uutL Several letters have amieared denrerai. ing the proposed increase of capital, and from what I can gather a strong feeling of opposition to the proposal will be shown at the meeting of South Aus tralian shareholders on Monday next. I shall be pre vented by another engagement from attending the meeting, and take this opportunity of statingthat. although my news in respect of raising, new capital are .not his. (see my. reasons later on), I intend appointing Mr. George Brookman aa my prosy to vote ..on mv behalf at -.the extraordinary general meeting on the 26th inst in Melbourne,' and - at the ordinary general meeting,- Melbourne, on tte ' 24th November, and I trust lie will in similar manner be supported by all the 8quth Australian shareholdere, thutby an overwhelming voting power, arming him with authority to dictate ae to the increaseor ntin mcreBEe oi tne present capital of the company as may be decided at our Towa Hall meeting urn Monday nest, and to wring 'out of the present djEreetm' -r information npon certain matters jrhjch apwMisato :. nave beta determinedly withheld tromanaRblldet* ~ under the protection, of section 134 of Qie^rSriC which provide that 'no shareholder shall be^enBBtii- « to require discovery ot any Information xeabectnig; - any of. the. company's . buatnese or^a^*«-; 1 V^L '*' J£f- ***S°B :of tte director***;-'-.--- ? will he inexpedient to communicate, nor^ahaBi ?- any shareholder be entitled to inspect any tabS ? acconnts, documents, or writings of the oomwiwr &c.;' Uwouldappeartnatmtbeveryiin'tiaJstagMox tbe formation of the company It was contemSated tbat lrregulaiitieB might occur in the direoUoEof affairs, and the arHoles were ingeniously designed to prevent any troublesome enquiry concerning such irregularities, and I take it to be Mr. ftooolman's privilege at the general meeting to ascertain Inter alia-1. Whether the directors under the borrowing power given to them by section 38 of the articles ever exceeded the mavfmtim figure of £6,000. ana if having so exceeded :t at any time, to what extent have Hwwr ai Anuailiiil !* .»|JM«^ «^ ' .t .1 ? ' — «~- -j «. v«vvwwi au. ^uu «juu «udjt 1MHI IWVS Hie authority of an extraordinary general meeting aa re Sirred, bj- said section No: 38? 2. la connection with the sale of the company's stock of coke i2 the Proprietary Company were any ot the directors who authorised this apparently In judicious sale interested in the Proprietary Company as dirertore or shareholders; and it so. how do they defend their action in face of the prohibition In snch case provided by section 88 of the articles? 3. DoaU the present directors stand -on the register as holding the £00 shares necessary to qualify them, and Is the scrip representing such deposited with the company, as is usual ? 4. Was the requisition for the extraordinary general meeting on the 26th inst. signed by the neces sary. 10 shareholders holding an aggregate of IS 000 shares, as required by section 45 of the articles, and will permission be granted to Mr. Brookman to in. sped the requisition, thus affording nun an oppor tunity of ascertaining which of the shareholders were anxiouB to increase the capital of tbe company ? 5 Will the chairman of the general meetmir state that to the best ot - his knowledge and _ belief dauBes 5 and 6 of section 91 of the articles have not been evaded ? These clauses render it compulsory, on any director to profit of any contract with the company, of In any work done tor the company. I do not for 4 moment venture to even suspect that irregularities have oc curred in the administration of our affairs by the pre sent directors, but simply seek the consolation of such information as may prevent the possibility of sus picion. Under section 58 of the articles notices of such questions as the above should be lodged 10 days before the general meeting in the form of a motion ' that snch questions should be answered,' and as tbe general meeting will not be held until November 2i there Is ample time to formulate a schedule of the above and any other questions which may be sug gested, as also to give notice of proposed alterations in the articles 38. 46. ,$V 71, 72, and 13* as recommended by Q»e committee, and which have already been published. Onr delegate will be enabled, if his proxy poyerbe Btrong enough, to give practical effect to hia indignation if the above questions be not answered resffijy and eheerfSliy.iiy getting a resolu tion passed, superseding any recalcitrant member of the directorate under power contained in section 54, which provides tbMvithoatfiotice f*8 I teai lt- and here I wOTj^jwafce ttejjepiiuonB of shareholders learned in* ~Sjb&3Rwf7it *fc*flff-_y» competent for any ordinary general meetins Welect to the nffi»- nf director or auditor, and also for negligence, inoom petency, or any other cause to remove from offloe im mediately any director or auditor or other officer, and such removal shall be binding and conclusive &c; ;' also ' to determine upon any question, matter, or thine relating to the affairs ot the company which Bhall arise in the course of the management, and shall be brought before such metting by any shareholder whomsoever. The words ' or any other cause' above italicised I take it would embrace; obstinacy in re fusing to answer fully the above questions, or any questions as to the financial affairs, or the very im portant one of 'whether In the event of failure in starting smelting operations the present directors' of the company will pledge themselves to conserve the concentrates and other ores on the mine until success Is accomplished in the smelting, and on no account to sell the same to the Dry Greek or any other smelting company, it the present auwotorswin not so pledge themselves, then, with the sickening results of the working of the rich Junction mine before us. S5ttW&2S££-' — ?? **'* This brings me to the mention ol my views with re gard to the question of raising new capital, and although I am appointing Mr. George Brookman to represent me at the extraordinary general meeting, and my views on the subject are not his, I ask him kindly to consider my suggestions under this head. I would put it out of the power of any director to borrow on the security of onr property, for who knows how soon after borrowing payment might be de manded, writs issued, company put into liquidation, property purchased for an old song, new com pany formed, large fortunes made by some body, and long-suffering shareholders dean ont of it But if we do not borrow, how far will our present capital go in purchasing coke foe immediate use, and arranging for regular shipments of same, purchase ot fluxes, timber, and material, and for holding on In case of failure at fint in onr smelt ing operations ; if we do not sell our ore (and to do so I consider would mean 'ruin'1) how lone will the seven or eight thousand pounds now in hand and the £6,000 to call up last us? We most it appears to me pnt ourselves in & position of security against all probable contingencies. How then cin this be done ? I would SDggeet a new issnefof 25,000 shares, said shares to be U eued as paid tip to £4 19s. (same as present shares), and to be sold pro rata to present shareholders at £1, payable 10s. on application and 10s. three montns after allotment; Thin, ratr the nTmofufionSiit. wanld innre&m; fch* nominal capital of the company to £125,000, andre. dace our anticipated dividends (oh, how sweet to con- . template!) from, say. £1 quarterly to 16s. True. But on the otber hand, what is the immediate effect upon onr position ? The proceeds ot the sale of the 26.000 shares gives our directors £25.000 over and above the remnant ot the £18,000 above referred to ; we are free from debt, in a healthy vigorous condition to meet any casualties in starting our smeltaog opera tions. We have bo prospects of fin^^H^l^l compUca teons before ue, and each share has an interest In the new capital equal to Is. per share; ?nd each eh&re; ot the new issue should be re&dUy; aate&bte; at sbcat 40a per share. In coaolugicn would urge my co-shareholdera in this property, vhiohMr. Patton in his able report ot September 7 Bhowe to be an exceedingly valuable one (and this the late finds abundantly confirm), to spare no effort of tboDcht at action to ensure effioient direction of tne affairs of the comoanv, and the result most be that once the ' ghost of 'liquidation' exorcis.-d (whioh the raising of the £26.000 'ill in my opinion accomplish) the stock may eventually reach a value proportionate 261 to the Proprietary Company's stock, viz., — = 3ay £11 3x3 per ehsre. — I am, &c;, VIKBACE LATTP.AXCE. Eagle Chambers, October 19, 1SSS. 