Alexander on Bucephalus. AN ADDRESS TO HIS STUDENTS. ' ? by c. h. simjiujeon.'.;. .In^tlio course of my reading afc. Mentone ij'met r with this expression, which' I laid aside. for future use — ???:?.?? '.?Bucephalus' with Alexander in the saddle.'' 'J'A good deal may be spenin that historic picture. There was once brought in to the Macedonian capital a horse of enormous strength and wonderful mettle. It was not very Imndsomo to' look at ; it had limbs i«i{i*'-(vn'-fniv»fl_ nufl n. lifiiirl nnrrmnrablA tn that of a bull, hence its name Bucephalus, ox' Bull-headed. The name may also relate to its ' temper, as you could not be so dis respectful to a noble charger as to call it ' pig-headed ' ; but I suppose 'bull- headed' may have meant, 'much 'the same thing. Many horsemen had tried to ride this noble black horse with the white star inhis forehead, but he, was extremely par ticular in the choice of those whom he! would carry. '? Her meant to be; ridden by a; king of- rneii and by none besides. Many candidates for the contested seat upon his back had came off very low'at the poll, and therefore few cared to contest it. -The horse might have been neglectedt had not' tlie'. young Alexander said to his 'servants 'Bring him to ? me.' ' He ' vaulted' into' the ; saddle, arid very speedily the great black librae found out that Iris predestined master was oh his back,-, he made a few plunges, .did his best to throw his ' rider,, and then yielded himself for.life to the proud prince, who1' henceforth -loved him, and kept ;him as a'companion of all his toils and victories. Till that, horse was' thirty years old, he was the favorite of Alexander,1 and when, he ?died,1 worn 'out with toil and' old age, the city in which he .was, buried was named afterhim. , : .' : , Alexander on Bucephalus is a very pro per /conjunction.;' ' Alexander to :be fitly mounted needs a Bucephalus; and the bull headed horse with all his strength and mettle needs an Alexander to master him. Bucephalus is a noble creature, Alexander is a; still grander creation, But Bucephalus with Alexander on his back is a specially remarkable exemplification of greatness. We see something, answering to- .Buce phalus 'when wo observe a spirit, strong, lorpeful, self-continued, and determined, a man. full of energy! :higli spirited, .with enthusiasm in him, a champion whom none can intimidate, much less subdue. Such men. are men indeed, and are tilled with capacities for great doings— capacities which in themselves are 'dangerous 'unless, they, come to be. under : proper control! ' Such a rnind will soon ruin itself, and throw down '. rriany others, to the ' grief of all 'who are about it, unless a master equal to the occasion shall appear with power, to manage, it. Let an Alexan der' be found for this. Bucephalus; let a strong moral principle hold ; the forceful man in check, let a sanctified will control the-.force of his nature, .let grace , reign supreme in him ; in a word, let the Lord Jesus Christ be to him,, Master and Lord, anil then see what a splendid being you have, -a very war-horse of Jehovah; 'he mocketh at fear, and is not, dismayed, neither turneth .- he back' from the sword.' ??.'?'.' Whenever I attempt to ride on horseback, which, is not of ten, 1 feel such intense- love for Mother Earth that before long I embrace her.; If I am staying' with a familiar friend, who anxiously desires mq to ride, he take3 care to assure me that. his animal is very quiet and safe, and he probably adds that he is also old and blind. . I do not resent my friend's offer of such a steed, for the qualities which I most desire in a horso lie in that direction, for I am not an Alexander. Alexander perched on an animal which would be suitable to me would be exceed ingly ill at ease, and he would make the poor animal itself, terribly miserable. A great spirit should have corresponding faculties under its control ; Alexander needs Bucephalus to carry; him. In like manner Bucephalus, needs. Alexander to ride him, he would. go mad, 'with some creatures in the saddle. Sometimes we meet with, a man. of great force ,who has at the same time no -wisdom wherewith to control his energy, and then what' rushes and plunges he makes I Notice that brother with little or no capacity, able only to see one thing .at, a time, and that one tiling very imper fectly; what a terror he becomes! .With \- dogged . determination lie resolves to carry his' points; no reasoning has the slightest influence- over him, he dashes forward, neck or nothing ; and onward he will dash till ~lie either breaks his own neck or breaks ? everything else. On the, other hand, there are Alexanders to be met with who are not riding a Bucephalus, nor anything at all like it. In them we see great spirit and no practical application, or great discretion ? and no valor, large prudence and no action, wonderful proposals and no accomplish ments, abundance of 'the controlling hand -and nothing to control. I think I. know as many of these princes Avalking on' earth, as I do of ' servants on horseback ;' indeed, I know too many of each kind. All who are placed in positions of influ ence: may. be the better for realising Alex ander on Bucephalus. . It is well for an in structor of others to have a measure of imagination. This is a Bucephalus, perhaps. I ought to say a Pegasus, of a fine breed; but, it greatly needs bit, bridle, and master. ?Certain brethren , ;havo singularly vivid imaginations ! What' wonders they conjure up 1 . Having no Alexander upon their Pega ? sus, , .what - blunders^ .they ? make ! He who heard the i , thunder, roar—' like— like — rlike anything ;' and, he who soared from atari itp star, and. from, cherubim to cheru beam,\and , from.: seraphirri to serapheam, has had 'many successors. In, Welsh ser mons imagination is' made to play a very conspicuous i par t, Vdrid. ; our , Irish orators slip^w a. considerable jShare of it also, but the faculty, : like Bucephalus, needs , a strong curb, or it will run away . with you. ..' A'very worthy brother,' in, thei. days, gone, by, preached for nie.ohe'Thursday evening, and delivered himself of a very good -discourse, but his imagination proved somewhat un manageable and nearly carried him into the realm of the ridiculous. He.had abundant scriptual warrant for likening the Holv Spirit to wind; and I do not tlTirik he was out of an allowable line' of 'thought when he pictured our Christum enterprises, mis sions, and revivals ns like' to a boy's kite which could not mount without wind He described that kite as fluttering a little and then tailing down. Then he 'made the boy run with his kite and vi'orously try to get it up ; but again it lull on the ground tor want of wind. At last the blessed breath of heaven came, and then the kite iiscen dcd higher and higher, the lad let out more string, and the kite still ascended ' until ' shouted the orator, 'it lioated in the empy rean, a thing of beauty 'mid .a joy for ever.' iJns was a little too much to b'e said of a kite. ? ' ' ' . ' ... Often one is reminded of the remark of an old judge to a young/lawyer';-' Sir, yon would do well to pluck a' few feathers from' the tail of your imagination' and place them in the wings of your judgment.' A brother ot an antique turn of mind' once 'confused my iucultie's' so iniicli with a series of stones from the Talmud that I have never been able to see him since without thinking of old'elotlies. ' Ho certainly left me amoh' musty Hebrew traditions; and the scent thereof 'reiriaiiietli. . Imagination,' like' lire, is a'good servant'biita bad master^ It is by no means our special call from'' heaven to' make full proof of' 'our imagination, ieaehers who think it to' be their main duty to amuse with stories should remember that ;they have-to ? teach -the Bible, and not the 'Arabian Nights.' Whatever we invent by our1 fancy let us never overload the grand enternal facts of revelation. Let faith in the infinite realities of Scripture hold the fancy in supreme control, and then yoii will have Alexander npon Bucephalus. . Tlie same thing should happen when ever you venture into ' ar//unient. Give me a good bull-headed defender of the faitli ; he is a fine creature for this day of battle. A man who cauasert, discriminate, and discuss,, may do good service in thesp' unbelieving' times ; but I have known worthies of that kind who have been so perpetually and ferociously argumentative that 'they have reared, and kicked, and plunged, to tho en dangering of all round them, 'they even seemed to bite viciously at those who would have patted their backs. Prepared for fight, they mistook the shepherd's pipe for a trumpet. You could not salute them' with 'good, morning,' but they suspected ' heresy in the remark, and were ready to prove that the morning was no bettor than usual. The controversial habit has so grown upon- certain 'champions that they areas dangerous to approach as a mass, of dynamite, for nobody . knows when and why they may not go off. I have had the pleasure of' knowing quite a band of 'such' brethren, find, what is' more, of admiring them, mid1 generally agreeing with them, arid yet I have not been able to shut my eyes to the serious twists of character' which have been produced by their love of war. ?? ' ' 1 have known brethren preach away at a tremendous rate against Arminians when there has not been an Arininian in the chapel ; but, oh the contrary, there has been a sad amount of dead, cloctrinalism and un holy living which 'they never thought of attacking. The brother who so desperately contended' against' an evil which was not present would have been more useful had he dealt with evils present and pressing. A brother has stormed away against strict communion, or open communion, according as his opinions happened to lie; another has gone in against Brethronism, or the Salva tion Army, or Ahglo-Israelism. All this may bo well enough in its place, but assuredly its place ? is not everywhere. There is reason, they say, in roasting eggs, and there should be reason in your argu ments, and in the time and way of using them. Probably there is'a weighty reason why mad bulls should rush at red rags, but wo need not imitate them by allowing any thing to be ared rag to us. People ore-not saved, as a rule, by controversy, and heaven is not taken by force of argument. We are to contend earnestly for the faith once de livered; to the saints, but the Apostle does not say 'contend always,' nor 'contend savagely ;' we can be earnest without being furious. I would utilise the expression before us in another direction. It may be of service in earnest revival times, when we are more than ordinarily anxious for the conversion of souls. It is a grand thing to ride Bucep xiaius mien, i mean tnat ic is aesiraoie to De full of spirit^' force, vehemence, and. enthusiasm.1 Happy is the church which has in it many brethren who are warm, with divine ardor, and are eager in their Lord's service. Biit I am alwaj'S glad to see Alexr; ander in the saddle at such times ; I . like to see sound sense ' and solid doctrine direct ing earnst enthusiasm. Where this is. not the case you have dangerous forces abroad I have known brethren tell sinners a ' great many falsehoods with the view of saying them. They make statements at such times which they would not endure from other people in cool blood. Now, truth does not vary according to 'the temperature of a meeting, or the state of our minds.. That which I learned, from the Scriptures yesterday in my calm devotions is that which I will; teach to-day in the excited assembly. We are not to have one creed for a minister's meeting) arid another for the enquiry-room^ I do not say that every' triith is to be spoken at every time, but I do say that the salvation of souls can not be furthered, by the suppression of important truth or. by the. inculcation of error. I can, be a revivalist^' and believe in election, the substitiitionary sacrifice; and the work ' of the Holy Ghost, but it would seem,'from the talk of some revival ists, that they liaye never heard of these' doctrines. I am 'not! criticising brethren who do not hold our views 'of truth; but I[ am dealing with those who do hold, 'them' and yet talk, 'in a wild manner. I b'elieve that when a.'mau is red hot with zeal for God arid.1 perishing souls he bright to say'no more than, and no less than, what he believes to be the. truth. Take , care that it is) so', with you; brethren. Let your.' zeal 'for ' conversions b'e directed by aclear knowledge ' of, the truth of God, for so it will .'work to tlie surest purpose. . .:.''' '..' ,''-'.' I-fear'that in some Sunday-schools : there is a great deal taught to the children which is not gospel/1 The teaching might.be summed up, in these wordsi— 'My dear child, bo.good, and Joye JJesus. Christ, and then you will gq.'-Aq, heaven!'' , The gospel speaks of believing,' arid1 sets forth '.faitli as the way of salvatipri,;',but''the';'little ones, are. full often directed to' love, which is brie, of the blessed fruits of the1 Spirit, but is riot; the way of salvation!' The same gospelthat ^' ? '? ? ? is to save a man of seventy must save the child of seven ; and though we are to vary our teaching according to tho capacity of our hearers, it must be' the self-same gospel. Neither among the young nor amid the excitement of a revival ought we to vary the gospel message. Jonathan Edwards was the soundest of divines— he might have been looked upon as a standard of theology ; and yot ho'wns a choice leader in tho revivalistic uiovumentsofliis day. Nobody ever wrought up a congregation to n greater intensity of feeling thiin Jie did, and yet lie did not quit the old hues for a moment. Brethren, we may not trifle with truth under any circum stances. Suffer not yoiir'zbal to run away With you. Do as flumes of liiii';' but lot the spirits of the prophets be subject to tho prophets. On the other linnd, beware of being of that cold, impassive spirit which will never exhibit energy in tlui.Af.a'ster!s cause. With out zeal a, Christina preacher is iislmin. without life and passion you will be like little boys protending to ride who huvo no horse under them, or a mero: wooden ouo. It is idle to be all prudence, all correctness and propriety. A person of that sort is like the rustic who sits on a gate, fancies that he is out hunting, and exerts all his strength in preventing his charger's 'running away with him. How many do this with huge : pomposity ! J have just heard of a brother who is n man ot tho smallest possible gifts, and yet I am informed that he has the air and style of the sublimest orator ; he rides with all the diginity of Alexander; but he does not ride Bucephalus nor any other horse. Mind that Alexander has his Bucephalus, and that Bucephalus has Alex ander on his back. Bo all there, and not one half of you. Combine heart and head, zeal and knowledge faith arid prudence; and so the Lord's work will bofitiydoiie. Once more, if you have got the idea into your head that it is your duty to revise all the abuses of the church; especially if you feel that certain: leading; persons are abu'sus, and ought to be got rid of, li hope you will .think upon this subject.: Those good people worked very, well for the church before you entered it, and even now they are doing their best ; but you think everything ought to be better managed. ; .You! are a man of discernment, and a person of superiormindv things are all, wrong, and they must be set right at once. , So you have willed it, and so it must^needs be. , If'therois any cracked pottery on tho shelves you are determined that' there shall bp none, such remaining any longer ; therefore you enter in with that new broom which is so famed for; clean sweep ing. What a general smash follows ! You have wrought a, goodly reformation, and think you are doing ,-Gpd great service. To remove a cobweb, you.have destroyed price less treasures. Brethren, before you go in for riding this sort of Bucephalus, I should advise you. to mind that you yourself are Alexander. It is much more easy to raiso a storm thanto rule it.- It is easy to lose good helpers in the, attempt to remove questionable adherents. .There is a great wisdom in our Saviour's advice concerning the wheat and the tares :— ' Lat both grow together until the harvest ; lest haply while ye gather up the tares, ye root up the wheat with them.' . , ? . , Processes of a sweepingly radical kind need more judgment than is usually po ssessed by those who are eager to undertake them. A man who really has to work, a thorough change in a church ought to know that he is able to dO'it before lie attempts it. ' I can cure your child,' said the quack doctor ; he has a complaint1 which must be driven out of. him by strong medicines, and I shall drive it out.' So he did, and the child died. A man says to himself, ' I shall set that church right'; '! and so he does, but the church is broken up and much cood work is stopped once for all. I knew a minister who as kuowii to a few of us was the ' shipbreaker.' He used to break up old and decaying churehes; He had not been long in a place (before. he discovered that there was ' something rotten in the state of Den mark.' Then followed a faithful warning, a brirst of indignation, a division, an empty :chapel, and a brother 'open to supply.' In his next place he met with some very ,blessed people for about six; weeks, and then he discovered another source of spiritual evil which became his duty, to expose and suppress. He was one born out of due time : ;a belated Luther; a reformer, who might 'have. had -his hands full had he only re iformed his own temper, but' ho never sus ipectcd to be wrong. In .the heroic work of church- breaking he continued until he jwent to his own place. I:do not exhort !any to repeat his career. The reforming brother is occasionally a very Elijah, and saves his generation from grievoussin ; but he maybe mistaken and then he calls fire from heaven for the grati jfication of unholy wrath, and.,' in thd name of God, he works abounding mischief; ' It is possible 'to cultivate faithfulriess'till it over grows itself and and becomes 'contentious ness. ,No, my brother, our highest ideal' is riot icorioclasts, our loftiest' enthusiasm is riot the fury of the zealot. '.Loyei after all, is to have some plaoo among Christians, !though you would think from the talk of certain of the church militant that it was a poor faint-hearted weakness to which'' tlie valiant for the truth should be 'heartily opposed. Reforms are notaccbrriplished by '.onset, ' The wrath of man worketh not tlie irightoousness of God.' Lot determination 'lor ngutequsness uo uiuaiiurtju. ? uy para-mount love. If you have , the bull's head, the strong '.determination'* ''arid; the groat strength, and feel 'that you : must make it dash at' evil, you need riot pause for want of objects. Bpliokl the hosts of intemperance, impurity, and infidelity. Turn ycur chariots of iron' upon 'these, but contend1 not with the people of God. The majority of contentions' 'in' churches have not beef. [for God's glory ; but have been' at the bottom of personal ' arid family' feuds, or'ambitimis'self-s.eekings. -Even; with re gard to tiose 'contenders 'for-' tlie 'faith who have beeu'the most siricere; arid 'judicious, I very gravely question whether they could, not have accofriplished more real good had they not quite said' farewell to:'kirid ness and fiirriess; He who, makes up1 ; his niirid to rish at a thing like a buirgenerally shuts his eyes, but if lie needed 'eyes' iri'all his life he steeds' them in ainoment of coh' flict.' Let any man 'who1 has' the painful vocation of a reformer seek'of G-od1 strength of character strength of* 'mind; strength of principle, aid then let him further pray for the supreme'ey of love/which, like' another Alexander, shall bit and bridal this ; power-1 ful Bucephalus., 1; ' ','?''' :; ; ' ! ; ' ? ? ! ''Filially, , he will be, the, wiser j man .wlio dpes'riot aim to, be Alexarider,.'dnd'ddes'riot select Buceplalus ashi^ steed. On the old grey mare 'through' quiet' cbiintrylanes life'* ?ide is, more juiet'and' safe. '?' ; '' ' 