COMING as it did from a leading member of Opposition, who has been the subject of frequent, often gratuitous, attack at the hands of the Premier and his followers, it is not to be wondered at if the speech of Mr. LYNE published ia our last issue contained rather severe strictures on the present Ministry, its policy, and general con duct of public business. As, however, the senior member for The Hume did travel outside the limits of absolute, unchallengeable fact, hie remarks, forcible and cutting as they were, cannot be considered one whit toosevere. There« no gainsaying the fact that the record of the past session „„ .. ,, , of Parliament is little better than a blank . , so far as useful legislation is concerned, , , ,, ,, , , ,, 'p absolutely a blank as regards all the really important measures which are so badly I J , , , . , ., , needed and had been so confidently pro- . „ . „ ... . . mised. Chief among the obligations which j ,, _ „ 6 . the Premier as well as the country recog- . , , , . .. . .. ® nised as devolving upon his Administration , .. , Z. when it assumed office, was that of intro- , . , ducmg prompt and effective measures to j ! -iu .u . „ deal with three questions standing urgently c • , , ia need of legislation—financial reform. ° ' 1 land law amendment, and local, govern- ment. How have thes6 questions been dealt with 1 Local government, if not shelved indefinitely, is very little nearer to practical realisation than it was six months ago. The question of land reform has, it is true, been approached, but annmachfid approached in in «nc.h such a w«v way t^f. that ;t it . had J better have been left untouched. Instead of a short bill based on the dictates of commonsense and practical experience, in which the actual needs of the country could have been folly satisfied, the late Minister thought fit to introduce a cumbrous measure reproducing nearly all the bad features of I the statute it was intended to supersede, , . . . . . ... .:* 'I and introducing half-a-dozen still more objectionable features to bear them company. Of course the introduction of this measure was the cause of almost inter* minable discussion before it was finally 1 abandoned, and in this fruitless debate pro Dro- bably a third of the session was wasted. In this way were two of the main responsibilities of the Parkes Ministry disposed of, and their efforts to get rid of the deficit and place the finances of the country on a sound footing have not proved much more effectual. Instead of extinguishing the deficit, Ministers admit that they have per, mitted it to increase by £93,000 • but according to Mr. Lyne's showing, this sult has only been arrived at by an ingenious system of bookkeeping, as the debit balance is reaUy greater by half-a-miUion '' woruo oy me renecuon tnac tlie (io-1 vernment could have at least avoided I going further into debt by simply retaining the advalorem duties, the abolition of which has not benefited the consumer to the extent of a penny, the money all going into the pockets of the wholesale importers. With such a record as this, the Ministiy can scarcely expect from any impartial critic a judgment much less severe than that passed upon them by Mr. LYNE. A CASE of some interest to miners cropped up at the Warden's Court on Friday last in connection with a claim on the May Day line of reef at Black Range. It appears that on 30th June Mr. THOMAS GOLDSWOBTHY, joint proprietor with his brother, Mr. VI ILLIAM GOLDSWOBTHY, of the five-acre lease in question, authorised Mr. KENNETH M'LENNAN to make arrangements for floating the claim at a minimum price of £1000, the terms of the agreement stating that MT.'M'LBNNAN, if HE succeeded in the task within:tbree months, was to re ceive one-fourth interest in the claim. If failed to float the mine within the period stated the agreement was to lapse. This agreement was signed by THOMAS GOLDSWOBTHY, on hie own behalf, and also on behalf of his brother. WILLIAM GOLDST WORTHY, on being informed of the transdisapproved of it ancl repudiated thfl AGREEMENT. MR> M'LENNAN was L pprised of this and of the fact that thfl GOLDSWORTHYS were in treaty for the flale of the min0 through another channel. and ^ thfl firsfc infitance he 6eemg to have beeQ wiUing to cancel the agreement. 0n -1, matnre con8iderfltioDf howevel. he wonW appear to haye aUered hig min(J> and ^ detennined to enforce adhflMnoe to thp terms of the writfcen contract and on Friday ]ftgt fae songht to e8tab]ish his c, aim to a fourth intere8t - n ^ ^ Qn ^ beha, f ifc wag d ^ bftd the matter I nofc, •, . , , - ,. , , , ,, been taken out of his hands he would j, a , , ... . . ,, .... nave floated the claim on the conditions , ,, ^ rescribed. For the GOLDSWORTHYS it was contended ^ tfae flcfc rf Th0MA8 GoLDg. „ mtT „ ,, . ,. , m „ WORTHY could not bind WILLIAM GOLDS- , ., , ., ., ,, ,, WORTHY; and that even if it could, the , , , , agreement .was merely a voluntary one 1.. • • , , , , , „ between principal and agent, ana therefore . ... . .. , ' .„ , , terminable at any time at the will of the e . L „ ,, ., , . tormer. A report of the evidence taken . , „ ... „ _ , has been forwarded by the Warden to the , , » ,, , , head of the Department, with whom the , . • ... , decision will rest. THE movement amongst farmers in tavor of retaliatory duties upon importations of Victorian produce continues to advance T h e I ' b ° n ° rary ^ ^ ° f the T " ™ commM ™ a PP ointed a ™eks to carry on the agitation, has received promises of the most cordial sympathy and support from all the principal farming centres. The member for Albury is not only 7 with the the movement movement himself, but he himself, but he that fnlly membera I * ^ U ° n Membere for T ' ^ h « Hume are of C0Ur S ° dlstinct1^ P led ed to a 8imi,ar g »ne of action. Under TTnr1ai< these fticoa circumstances and 3 with every prospect of assistance from farmers all over the colony, the agitation promises before long to attain such dimen- 8 i ° D8 that n0 Government will dare ignore lt; and onco the nst!ce of the J demand for retaliation is admitted, legislative action must promptly follow in the direction desired. The result, so far as sweeping away the shackles that have so long and so disgracefully fettered intercolonial commerce is concerned, cannot for a moment be doubted. Once the duties are imposed Victoria must come to terms, | Accordin S fco Mr - Dow . Victoria sends us 1 t h e valueofa million and a half annuan d ** the total vaIue of ex orts of P Vic- I ° P roducts and manufactures for 1886 but Dlne milHon s ' ifc is evident that the elder colony is one of Victoria's best cus- ' Victorian statesmen are not so t , h ® y Cannot 860 the folI y of losin g so SO large inrorn a a. proportion NMNNRH'XN of their il export trade; and all that is necessary , to be done is to force them to realise that there is an actual and imminent risk of incurring such a loss. MASINIO BALL—A grand Masonic ball will be held in the Mechanics' Institute on Tuesday, 28ih August. YACKANDANDAH TIMBER RESERVE — A numerously Binned petition has been sent to the Minister of Linda atjainst throwing open the timber reserves at Yackandandah. If the areas are alienated no fire or pitwood can b° obtained on Crown lands. EXCURSION FARES FROM MELBOURNE TO JERnvDERiE. Tickets are now being issued from Melbourne to Jerilderie, via Albury, at . f °oT? g fa ™ : ""Single—1st class, £2 . 2ad « ,aB8 '^2 ! Return—1st class, £4 : 2nd class, £3. Return tickets will be available for return within three months. SKATES.—AS will be seen bv our advertising columus, Mr. Chittenden-O'Kev. the nropnetor of the skating rink in Wagga Wagga offers for sale a large number of «Ided» skates at a price within the reach of all requiring a first-class pair of skates. These skates LOST IN THE BUSH.—A telegram from Whitton runs as follows :—" A child five years old, son ot Charles Hackett, a selector near here, wandered into the bush on the 3rd. inBtant, and although search parties went out . as soon as hiB loss was known, he was not found until the evening of the 5th ; the poor, little fellow was alive, when found, but died shortly after." FIRE AT WODONGA.—A four-rooined cottage in Ho'vell-street, owned by Mr. J. Henderson, was together with its contents, destroyed by fire at an early hour on Saturday morning. The origin of the fire is unknown, the inmates of the house barely having time to escape with their lives from the flimes. We are informed that the building is insured for £150. MINING AT GRANYA.—Oar Granya correspondent writes :—" Owing to the wet weather prevailing of late mining matters have been dull. Tife Granya Company are now putting through about 120 tons of quartz from a new find west of the Maritana reef. - The stone is • taken from the 40ft. level, and is promising in appearance. The wash-up will take place about the end of the present week, and judging by the look of the plates should be satisfactory. SPECIAL INTIMATION —The most systematic sale ever held in the disffict is now being 'conducted by K. M'LENNAN and Co., and the public show.their appreciation by the' crowds of eager buyers vrife jpisjfc us daily. The reductions io bays' a®mferisJ^eed 6uits, overcoats, hats, shirts, blatfaffi lHps* jackets and ulsters, are very substahtlivl^whllBt the reductions in hosiery, gloves, and remnants is quite alarming. Those who have not visited us as yet should lose no time in doing so, or send their orders. See advertisement page 7.—[ADVT ] THE COROWA GHOST.—The Free Press says: —" The idiot who some time ago amused himself by simulating a ghost ani frightening a number of women and and children, appears to have resumed his pranks. On Sunday evening it is reported that he succeeded in frightening a young lad near the cricket ground, and chasing him for a considerable distance on his road home. It is time this nuisance was put a stop to, and if the police or anybody else is successful in catching the culpret, no mercy should be shown," SKATING.—This form of amusement appears ' to be quite the rage just now. The rink 'of Messrs. Darby and Co. is crowded every evening, and another one is shortly to be opened in Kiewa-streel. This evening there will be a grand disnlay of fancy skating by Mr. Jtiancaster at Messrs. Darby and Co's. rink. We learned yesterday that another rink is to be bnilt on Mr. Ormiston's land, in Dean-street, and is to be started at once, and will be opened eaily in September. Attention is drawn to the advertisement appearing in this issue for carpenters, &c.; ALBORY EXHIBITS AT THE CENTENNIAL EXHIBITION.—In the list of Albury exhibits at the Centennial Exhibition are the following :—A. E. Kelton, maps; E. S. Walter, model of windmill; A. Mongan, "Eureka" wire strainer and mender ; W. Davidson, saddlery and harness ; G. Neideck, wheat; C. Westendorf, wheat; Watson and Young, collection of cordials ; J. T. Fallon, wine ; J. Mitchell, Tabletop, building stone; Harbottle and Co., Ettamngah wine; Miss Cooper, paintings. The Jist will be considerably increased after the Pastoral and Agricultural Society's Show next month. ALBURY CUSTOM HOUSE.—The collection at the Ali-ury cuRtom-house for last month amounted to £2328 14< 7d. The principal items were as sollows:—Brandy, .£367 5s. 7d.; whisky, £505 16i. 10J.; geneva, £145 9J. 2d.r rum, £67 10s. 3d.; spirits (other), £514a. 3d.; spirits (perfumed), £1 17s. 5d.; wine (still), £45 10a.; wine (sparkling), £3 10i.; bottled beer, £40 10s.; sarsaparilla, 8s.; tobacco,j£332 17s.; cigars, £53 lis.; £9 ; tea, £170 8j. 5d.; coffee (powdered), £4 7s. 6d.; euaar (refined), £10 0s. lOd.; sugar (raw), £145 12*. lid.« rice, £7 Is.; molasses, 17s. 91.; dried fruit, £55 9. J . Id.; warehouse duty, £37 5u j rent. 2s. 4J.; specific, £318 10B. 3d. - - * To CORRESPONDENTS.—" Hopefield." A Chinaman if naturalised in the colony is entitled to exercise the rights and privilege^ dt« British suHect. Hong Kong is a British colony. "E. Jephcott."-We have been unable to find the article referred to, but if you can give the date even approximately we will cause fresh search to be made. " Shivering Jimmy.'—Under the Act of 1884 the land must be fenced within two years of date of confirmation, unless you get an extension of time. Under the new law passed laBt month you may apply within six months from 23rd July to be allowed to substitute other improvements in lieu of fencing. These, however, must be completed within fiye years of the date of confirmation of yonr selection. UNION MORTGAGE" AND' AGENCY COMPANY OF AUBTRALIA.—It will be seen from outadvertising columns that the Union Mortgage and Agency Company of Australia Limited are about taking the important step of selling wool in the colonies, having absorbed the wool business of Messrs. Synnot Bros.' The'importance of this step on the part of so large an organisation can hardly be over estimated, as it must exercise a large influence on the wool trade of Australia, localising in Melbourne much of the business heretofore conducted in T h « nominal capital of the company is £2.250,000, and subscribed up to 1,440*000 Ihe general management of the wool- Helling department will be conducted by Mr. Richard w. bynnot, in conjunction with Mr. M oynnot. ABSAULT CABE.-W. Bigley was eummond at the local police burton Tuesday by B, fteid for aRsaalt. Mr. Thorold for plaintiff. The plaintiff deposed that he asked defendant I for the payment ot an amount owing, and defendant replied by striking him twice. Defendant stated that plaintiff was drunk when he demanded the money. Witness never struck the man, but merely put up his hand to keep plaintiff off as he lurched towards him. Witness had a eet-off against, plaintiff's claim to more than the amount ot the latter, and for that reason refused to pay. James Flynn deposed to having seen defendant strike at plaintiff, but could not say if the blow took effect. The Bench held the case pioved, and imposed a fine of 5s., with 53. 10d. cost of court and 21s. professional costs. A WODONGA STUDENT.—It would seem thatiiot only in the cricket field or on the river, but also in sntellectual pursuits, Australians can hold their own in their own country. Less than five years ago Mr. Charles F. (now Dr.) Harkin, son of Mr. EL Harkin, of Wodonga, entered Trinity College, Dablin, and atter meeting with signal success all along the line, the degrees M. B. and Ch. B. were lately eonforred upon him at the Dablin University. As a fitting termination to a brilliant educaional career, he immediately afterwards followed up this success by carrying off the travelling scholarship of the University, of £100, which entitles hin to the benefits of any of the Universities on the Continent. It is probable that Dr Harkin will elect to spend a time in Vienna. The young medico's friends in these parts will be pleased to hear of his latest achievements. CAUTION TO HOUSEHOLDERS,-rApropos of the recent fatal mishap in Melbourne when several persons were killed by the inhalation of coal gas, Dr. Rose publishes in a Melbourne journal the following caution :—Occupiers of bouses should see—1. That the gas is turned off at the meter each night before going to bed, both for economy and especially to prevent explosions and poisoniDg. 2. That any leakage is immediately stopped. 3. That the down pipe is kept well filled with water. 4. Never sleep in a room where gas is used without having it well ventilated by (1) keeping the top sash of the window down; (2) the door open; (3) the fireplace open. By neglecting NOB. 3 and 4 the three deaths in A'Beckett-Btreet have been caused. No room, whether it is used or not, should be built without ventilation in the walls near the ceiling. THE PROSPECTING VOTE.—We are glad to be in a position to announce that in accordance with the recommendation ot the Prospecting Board a Bum of j£500 has been granted for the purpose of properly testing the permanency of the Black Range reefs. Tbe Council Clerk on Wednesday received the following letter from the Department of Mines;—"I have the honor by direction of the hon. the Minister for Mines to reply to your letter of 19th ult., requesting that a portion of this year's prospecting vote be allotted the Black Range goldfield, in the Albury district, and I am desired by the Minister to inform you that in view of the recommendatfon of the Prospecting Board the sum of ,£500 haB been granted Messrs. M'Lennan, Day, and Party to ( continue their present shaft on the May Day ' line of reef to a depth of 350ft.—I have the honor to be, &c.;, G. HEARING, for the Under- Secretary. . ST. HILAIRE.—We are glad to learn that M. Frere, of the St. Hilaire vineyard, who recently paid a visit to New Caledonia with a view to ascertain it there was an opportunity of opening up business relations with Noumea, has returned very well satisfied with the reeults of his trip. The samples of St. Hilaire vintage which which he took with him met with very general approval, and a steady trade is likely to be the consequence. In connection with thfc subject may be mentioned a curious incident brought under our notice a few days since. A gentleman residing near Albury some time ago purchased a quantity of the St. Hilaire champagne. A few bottles were inadvertently left in the case under an outside ehed with an iron roof, where they remained during the intense heat of last summer. When they were discovered atter this long exposure to an excessively high temperature it was supposed that the wine would be completely spoiled. A bottle was, however, opened, and the champagne was found to have undergone an improvement as remarkable as it was unexpected. - AUSTRALIAN JOINT STOCK BASK.—We have received a copy of the 7lst report of the Australian Joint Stock Bank, which shews a very encouraging amount of progress for the past half-year. The net profits for the haltyear^ after deducting rebate on bills, intsrest on fixed deposits, paying all charges at head office and 123 branches, and making ample provision for all bad and doubtful debtB, amount to £42,691 0s. 9d., to which has to be added the balance of undivided profits from 31st December last, £8,619 13s. 9<L, making available tor distribution £51,210 14s. 6d., which the directors recommend be appropriated as follows:—To reserve fund, £10,000; dividend at rate of 10 per cent, per annum, £26,000; bonus of 2*. per share, equal to 2£ per cent, per annum, £6,250—total, £41,250, leaving a balance to bo carried forward of ,£9,96014s. 6d. Daring tbe half-year branches of the bank have been opened in the colony of New South Wales at Broken-hill, Egimaville, Cketa, Murwillumbah, Oberon, Walcha, Wollongong, and Wolumla ; and agencies at Blackheath and Mount Victoria. CAKE, APRON, AND NIO-NAC FAIR IN AID OF Sc. MATESBW'B SCHOOL-HALL.—We take the fit opportunity of reminding oar readers of the sale of-gifts and entertainment to be held in tbe School-hall cnThursday and Friday, the 16th and 17th inst. We are informed that a good and interesting programme of amu cements has been provided, and that under the energetic and painstaking management of Mrs. Sims and other ladies tbe children's maypole, swinging, and skipping festivals are sure to prove a great attraction and success. The sale opens at 3 p.m. each day, aod closes at 10 p.m. The amusements will commence at 4.30 in the afternoon, when the swinging and skipping waltzes will take place. A programme of the vocal and instrumental music, with the other amusements, will be issued by Mr. Davis Sims, who has vary kindly undertaken tbe management of this portion of the eutertainmeut. A specially attractive refreshment stall has been arranged for by the ladies, and as there will be a tempting display of choice and useful gifts, a shilling will be well spent in a visit to the fair. Tbe proceeds will be devoted to the reduction of the debt on the School-hall. THE THEATRE.—There was a good house, at the Mechanic^ Institute on Tuesday evening, the opening of the " Called Bick"' company. The piece selected for the occasion was tbe sensational drama of" Faust," founded on the well-known story forming the subject of the very popular opera bearing the same title. The piece was well put upon tbe stage, and the various characters were creditably sustained. Miss Ella Carrington was a very charming Marguerite, piquant and attractive in the earlier scenes, and displaying considerable power in the pathetic and tragic incidents occurring at a later period. Mr. Taylor's Mephistophiles was a well- conceived aud clever performance, and Mr. Nuun's Faust also deserves a word of praise. In the character of Martha, Miss Bowman made a decided hit, provoking roars of laughter. The minor characters were well sustained, though why some of them should persist in calling the heroine Margewnte we are at a loss to understand. Oa Wednesday night the company gave " Erin-go-bragb," a melodrama of the " Shangbraum " type, which was very cleverly performed, and met with a highly favorable reception from a large audience. MINING AT RUTHERGLEN.—A correspondent of the Farmertf Gazette gives the following items:—Rhue and Co.,on the Girribaldi, have at last come upon a well-defined lode at 120ft. The stone shows gold freely, and a crushing of 21 tons lately yielded 1 J.-JZ. to the ton. In the Borough Council, Councillor Meehan moved and carried a motion asking the Government for £1000 for prospecting around Rutherglen. There is ample scope, with a good prospect, to discover reefs and alluvial gold deposits, and it is worthy of consideration whether it would not be the better plan to expend money under local control than was done under the last prospecting vote. This has been done with results most satisfactory at Yackandandah and Omeo. Experienced minsrs were employed, and only too willing to work on half wages, making a present of tbe other half in order to secure the vote, and several rich reefs were discovered at both places. Oa Rutherglen reefing, Messrs. Harris and Hollow, who several years ago took out £20,000 each from the Great'Eastern reef, sold out to a company, invested and lost in the attempt to develop the Bethanga reels, have returned to their first and best love on the Great Eistern. They have registered a five-acre block with the intention of tracing tbe lost reef. CAKE AND APRON FAIR AT WODONGA.— A genuine apron and cake fair will be held in Bambrick's Hall, Wodonga, on Wednesday, the 22ad inst., and the following day in aid of the Church of E igland. The fair will be an unusually attractive one. Large numbers of aprons and cakes are continually coming in from all parts of the colony, and by the time of opening there will be both quantity and variety to suit all customers. As this is the first fair of the kind held in the Wodonga district we have no doubt it will be largely patronised ; gentlemen who wish to please their lady friends could not do better than pay a visit to the fair. According to advertisement it will be seen that an endless variety of both aprons and cakes will be on. view, aprons both useful and ornamental, also children's pinafores in abundance and cakes of all descriptions We would draw our readers attention to the notice in our advertising columns, from which it will be seen that an excellent promenade concert is te be provided tor each evening. The fair will be opened on Wednesday afternoon at half-past 3 o'clock. There will be no charge for admission at the opening ceremony. The hall will be closed at 6 o'clock for one hour, after which the promenade concert will be held, and a charge of one shilling for adults and sixpence for children will be made for admission j the se> cond evening admission to be free. ALBURY POLICE COURT.—At this court on Tuesday the following cases were dealt with : —E. Poltz v. Hugler. In this case plaintiff sought to have defendant bound over to keep the peace. Mr. Wilkinson for plsintiff, Mr. Chauncy for defendant. The plaintiff's statement was to the effect that there had been differences between the parties for some years past. On the occasion now referred to plaintiff was in his house at Doodal Cooma about 10 at night, when be heard whistling. On goingoutside he saw tbe defendant with a gun in the straw-yard. Witness asked defendant what he wanted. Some altercation ensued, and defendant said, " Come out here, and I'll do for you." He then fired off the gun, though not at witness. Defendant made ON of further tbreiats, and plaintiff stood in bodily fear of him. Plaintiff's wife confirmed her husband's statement. For the defence, Martin Hugler deposed that on the night iu question he had been out 'possum shooting. On returning he saw Poltz in the yard, and called to him to come out, as he wanted to speak to him. Poltz then accused witness of intending to set fire to his (Poltz's) house. Witness denied any such intention.' Witness had never used the threats deposed to by plaintiff, nor had he fired off the gun. Witness did not threaten Poltz in any way. Two other men, who had been out shooting with witness, were near at hand when the affair took place. A witness named Semmler corroborated deiendant's statement, and said that the gunshot heard was not fired by Hugler at all but by Martin Pumpa, another member of the shooting party. Martin Pumpa also gave similar testimony. The Bench held that sufficient cause had not been shown to justify binding over the defendant, aud dismissed the case. MUNICIPAL LOAN ACT.—The following are the principal clauses of tbe Municipal Loan Act, a useful measure introduced by Mr. Day, and assented to last week :—1. The council of any borough or municipal district may borrow at any time, or from time to time, any sum or sums of money for the purpose ot defraying the cose of a site for a town hall or council clambers, wholly or in part, and of defraying wholly or in part the cost of erecting on such site any town hall or council chambers within any such borough or municipal district, and whether any such building shall have been erected, or such borrowing shall take place before or after the purchase of such site, or before or after the erection of any such town hall or council chambers. Provided that no money shall he borrowed under this Act, unless the sanction of the Governor and Executive Council shall first have been obtained. 2 The council of any borough or municipal district may sign, seal, deliver, and execute all acts, deeds, mortgages, or documents necessary for effecting any Buch mortgage or charge as may be necessary to secure any sum or sums borrowed under the auihority of this Act and interest. 3. The receipt of the mayor or chairman for the time being of any borough or municipal district shall be a sufficient discharge to the mortgagee or person leuding any such money, for any sum so borrowed, and shall wholly exonerate such mortgagee or person from any liability as to the misapplication or non-application of any such money, or any part thereof, or of seeing to tbe application thereof. 4. An account of all moneys borrowed by any council under the authority of this Act shall be included in the account of revenue and expenditure required by the " Municipalities Act of 1867." 5. Nothing in this Act shall prejudice or affect the borrowing powers conferred on municipal councils by the " Municipalities Act of 1867" on any Act amending that Act. RESERVE RIFLE COMPANIES.—The promulgation of tbe regulations for the guidance of the new rifle companies now about to suparsede the reserves says the Echo will give this colony the means of establishing a strong force of men trained to the use of the rifle, which has already met with so great a measure of success in Victoria. While by no means ignoring the value of drill and organisation which gives so strong a cohesive force to the battalion, in a sparsely peopled country it is impossible to bring men together for the purpose of teaching them heavy drill and parade movements of a regular force. Yet none the less would these mec be ready and willing to come to the front at any period of danger, and to provide for their efficiency at such an emergency is the object of the present regulations. In any of our upoountry districts now twenty men can unite to start a company, and if only backed by two persons of sufficient status'to establish their repp insibility for the arms and accoutrements and oiher government property, may set to work upon any system of regulations which they may see fit to adopt. The utmost latitude is given to members in this respect, and the condition of service is easy enough, being merely the firing of sixty rounds at target practice under the supervision of the staff, in which the riflemen must pass into the second class at least. Such very limited proficiency with the rifle is alone required to entitle the company to the memoers' capitation allowance towards the expenses incut red. The qualification conferred by membership of one of these companies to compete at meetings of the rifle association will probably give a great stimulus to the new organisation, and lead to a widely extended practice with the rifle throughout our country districts, which have been hitherto practically excluded from participation in the rifle contests, and provide us with a body of men handy with their rifles, a most valuable supplement to a force acting on the defensive.— Echo. THE BLACK RANGE GOLDFIELD.—We take the following from the Sydney Daily Telegraph:—The Under-Secretary lor Mines has received the following report from Mr. T. A. Browne, warden at Albury:—" I have inspected Meredith and party's lease, May Day Hill, Black Range, from which the exceptionally rich specimens to which I referred in my telegram of June 26 were taken. The shareholders have been working in the present shaft, which is 30fr. deep, for the last three months, and commenced to get out stone showing gold freely when about 20tt. from the surface. The reef at present averages a foot in width, and is believed to form part of the May Day Hill line ot reel. With refereaoe to tha stone at present being taken out, I'am informed that 241b. of picked specimens when crushed yielded 14oz. of gold. In Messrs. Pye and Wealand's 8-acre lease adjoining on the west the shaft is stated to be 130ft. in depth and the reef 2ft. in width. The stone is dark in color with mundic veins showing gold freely when broken. One of the last parcels of stone crushed at the battery of Messrs. Goldsworthy Brothers, in the creek flat near the claim, went, I am informed, 13oz. to the ton. In the former mining enterprises which have been organizsd in Albury money has been lost and failure has resulted; prospects of great apparent richness have not been justified by after events. But the depth at which the claim ot Messrs. Pye and Wealand is being worked, taken in connection with the quality of the stone now at grass, would appear to denote permanency if future workings are conducted on the present scale. Having regard to the proved richness of the workings at the Nailcan, Clina, Blackfellow's and other hills, as also the payable reef at Hawksview, all similai in geological formation, it appears reasonable to hold that an extensive goldfield hitherto unexplored lies in the vicinity of the •Black Range, which I consider to be highly suitable as a mining area for the expenditure of a portion of the prospecting vote." THE JOACHIM SELECTIONS—A few weeks since an Act was passed to validate certain selections which, though taken up in g od faith by persons hoaestlv desirous of settling r on the land, were found to be in some respects illegal. Among the selections thus validated were those of the Joachim family, which it will be remembered gave ri9e to long and costly litigation commencing some fourteen years ago, between the bead of the Joachim family and Sir John O'Shaunnesy, the lessee of the run, both of whom have since passed over to the majority. The dispute aroused considerable interest at the time, and much sympathy was exhibited in a practical form by the selectors of the district for Joachim, in whose behalf a large sum of money was subscribed. The land in question was selected in the Deniliquin land district, and the case of Joachim was taken up very warmly by the Deniliquin Chronicle and by this journal. From the Chronicle we extract the lollowing account of the final settlement of the claims of the Joachim family :—" We premise, tor the information of distant readers, that although the selections have been in dispute for' fifteen years,' each selector has always resided on and been in possession of the land— as, while they have been repeatedly threatened, they have never been dispossessed. Well, it appears that in May last year the owner of the Moira leasehold desired and had an interview with the Joachim family, and told Miss Sarah that as their land was then included in his leasehold area, they would never get the ground ; and also made an offer to purchase it, with the two selections belonging to James and Henry, which had never been disputed. (It must be remembered here that fifteen years since the family of friend Joachim was. a large one for he was a prolific coloniser, and with his eldest just then about or over majority, the rest ran down the gamut very regularly without much of an interval anywhere—they are now mostly men and women.) The offer made was not illiberal at all, so far as the family could see, but they told tbe would-be purchaser that no one or nothing would induce them " to give up the place father had fought so long and so hard for," and whieh they looked on as their home. The leaseholder left, desiring that his advances might not be looked upon as "unfriendly." The next proceeding, we are informed, and which certainly seemed to te instigated by other than friendly feelings, was an attempt to take possession of the land by driving sheep on it, which being determinedly resisted by Joachim's sons, no further interruption oc- curred. Time passed on, and this year, under the advice of Mr. Armstrong, of Sydney and of Mr. J. T. Brown, of Echuca, Miss Joachim went to Sydney, and had an interview with Mr. Garrett, the late Minister for Lands, at which she fully convinoed him that the family were not '«dummies"—{an idea which Mr. Farnell, a previous Secretary for Lands, most persistently and unwarrantably always entertained), and Mr. Garrett recommended that the case should be heard by the select commtitee to whom the Validating B11 had been then generally referred for inquiry. Miss Joachim subsequently appeared before that committee ; and when her evidence had been taken, Mr. M. O'Shanassy attended to give his evideuce, and was aBBisted by Mr. Macnamara, solicitor j " but al« though," writes our correspondent, «'I had no lawyer, and was examined by Mr. Macnamara, the gentlemen of the committee took a very unbiassed view of tbe case, and recommended it to be included in the Validating Bill." In this hunt after very tardy justice Mis Joachim was in Sydney for two months ; and we tliink we tu&y; ukc upon ow&elvGBy; ~ without asking leave, the pleasant duty of communicating her thanks to all who there assisted her in attaining it. She writes that all the members of the Assembly who had any knowledge of the case used their utmost endeavors ; while Mr. Chanter, atter she had been three weeks there, rendered some very valuable services and gave evidence before the committee; Mr. Gar van also presented a petition to the Assembly concerning the business; but " the greatest credit is due to Mr. Armstrong" for the way in which he worked : in fine—" We are most grateful to all who have iu any way assisted ua." 