THE TABIFF TBOUBLES. The most formidable obstacles in the way of the federation of the Aus tralian Colonies are two in number. Tbe first is found in the unreasoning jealousy ever existent among some of tbe powers that be. It bubbles up like a. perennial spring. An obstacle such as this the Australian public should resolutely stamp out, as it would a noisome disease. It should be recog nised that the colonies are not made for ministers, bat ministers for the colonies. If these gentlemen in certain parts of Continent are incapable of rising to the height of their office, Australia will shortly be driven to seek for the man, who, in leading her to unity, will brush tbem and their adherents ontof theirroad. ftmrwig any hundred of common-sense men, picked at hazard from the colonies, ninety-nine are agreed upon tbe neces sity of a common action in Australian policy. It is intolerable then, that the jealousies of this or that Government, should be allowed to stop the way. The second obstacle is found in the an tagonism of the colonial tariffs. When ever the subject of federation is mooted, a lion is found to be in the path. It is the tariff. In appearance, this second monster is more forbidding than the first In reality it is less so. Let the first evil spirit be laid, and the second wonld vanish as a. dream. However opinions may differ upon the doctrine of Protection and Free-trade, as a matter of fact all tbe colonies are Protectionist. In. Victoria this character is avowed. But the necessities of revenue clothe the nominally free-trade colonies with the same garment, none the less that they repudiate the imputation of being so clad. We will show this by figures later on. Meanwhile, let us for a moment, con sider the effect upon the whole Austra lian community of intercolonial customs. On the supposition tbat Australia is to comprise a congeries of independent, and, therefore, in time to come, anta gonistic States, there may be a possible, though doubtful, justification in inter colonial taxation. But the necessity of Australian federation once conceded, and the absurdity of the situation isfortkwith exposed. For example, let us suppose that New South Wales raises a revt-nue of half a million from tbe customs collected on Victorian produce paseiug over her boundaries. On the other hand, let us suppose that Victoria collects a similar half million from New South Wales produce coming into her territories. What benefit does either State derive from this ? The population Jn each case pays half a million in . taxation ; and either hand may just as ^*ell openly pay its own half million into its own pocket, as, feigning tocross the other, appear to depoEdte 6e»'[in the opposite pocket. -a- the ^r may premise that the fip-nml.tel^v -_| be a million in one case, ,yo« * million in tlm other. -Hn one would wish tbat the less r I , ''flig «olooy would, by a recdjustm.-ut of taxation, exacerbate i!s wrijiij lill, onf wrong equalling tbe other, the result. should be a right. But we are con sidering the interest of Australia as a whole. The much more plausible ob jection may be raised, that it is so easy for each colony, by appearing to fleece tbe other's population, to fleece its own. Tbe community in each case thus suffers only indirectly, and tbe respective Governments are relieved from the odium of directly taxing their peoples. Two men, each having lent a friend £100 on a promissory note, would on so account ask for repayment of their loans. Accordingly, each endorses his note over to the other, thus avoiding tbe unpleasantness of dunning his friend. But bis friend has to pay up, neverthe less. Such is a parallel to tbe system of intercolonial taxation — with a dif ference. The difference is, that in custom houses and such like expenses, each colony pays heavily through the nose for tbe other's endorsement. The way to Jay this tariff ghost is resolutely and-$y£tematicaUy to approach it Looming vast in tbe distance, proximity robs it of its terrors. A tabulated statement needs to be pre pared showing the incidence of inter colonial taxation. The figures should show first how much revenue each colony derives by taxing the produce of the others. A scheme should then be propounded, suggesting how, by read justment of direct taxation, coupled with the presentation of a united customs front to the foreigner, each colony conld be recouped the loss of revenue sabstained in ceasing to tax its fellows. The labour entailed in each a scheme is doubtless considerable ; but that it is by 110 means insuperable, is shown by the great and totally disin terested work ot Sir Rawson W. Raw son. Chairman of the commercial sub committee of the Federation League. This gentleman, purely as a labour of love, has performed the stupendous task of tabulating, analysing, and classi fying the apparently inextricable tangle of the tariffs of the United Kingdom, India, and forty-two colonies ; together with their results as revenue-raisers, and their proportionate incidence on the re spective communities. After such a work as this, it should not be reckoned a prodigy to perform a similar officx for this continent. Sir Eawson's tables at present are limited to the year 1885 ; but be is engaged on a work dealing with a long series of years. We can only call attention here to a few of the figures affecting ourselves. Whereas the average proportion of easterns duty levied on the imports into the Cape is 21-50 per cent, New Zealand 19-10, Canada 17-55, New South Wales 7-50, in Victoria with all its ' protectiveness' it is only 11-29 per cent. Some of the aboveare Freetrade,and some Protection colonies ; hence it will be seen how little there is to choose between them. To show, however, how much less formidable would be the proposed adjustment be tween the colonies, than is generally supposed, we give for each of them the revenue per head, and the customs per head. In Victoria the revenue is £6 6s., the customs £2 Is.; New Zea land, £6 12s. 6d. and £2 8s. 10&; New South Wales, £7 Us. 9d. end £1 1 9s. 9d.: Queensland, £8 13s. lid. and £i 0s. 7-L; West Australia, £9 3s. 8d. and £3 16s. 2d. From these figures it is evident that the customs per head of tlie principal colonies do not so differ, tbat an average adjustment of them would be an insuperable task. While we in Australia have not even yet approached the tariff difficulty, whose removal must necessarily precede effective federation, we learn that the apparently irreconcilable populations at tbe Cape — the British and the Boers — have quietly solved it. Having agreed to internal free trade, they turn a united protective front to the outsider. Where these opposites have amalgamated, is it hope less to look for a compromise among our enlightened colonies Y Unless driven by tbe pressure of events little is to be hoped for from the existing Govern ments. A leader of tact, capacity, and devotion is wanted. Who is the man ? Messrs. Trubner and Co. hire just brought out Professor liver, idge'e book on 'the Minera's of New Sonth Wales.' It is a hand somely got-op book of seme 320 page*, and is replete tilth Eckntific information of the Inglittt value. It* appearance at the present pnrt- re it specially fortunate, for the Jvwei market is b~in_- Howled with rubies and other which come little Eceptutem t» felt. : 