THE GHOST OF HAMLET'S FATHER. (Interviewed by Hugh Kaltpios.1 It may have been the mixed pickles or the "got 'em again," or otherwise, but I saw the ghost oi Hamlet's father, and found him in very agreeable spirits. "You're the ghost of Hamlet's lather, I presume," said L " Well, I am some of him. We are various, so to speak, and sometimes I feel as if I was too various, and it hurts my feelings." " Alas I poor ghost," I said, as a heavy eigh made his spectral armour rattle, 41 you have very solid troubles." " Yes, they go through me like a knife," replied the ghost, wiping his eyes with an immaterial pookethandkerchief, " Yon see I never have anything to say abont it for my-' self; I am jost at the oaprioe of stage managers. Sometimes I am a small ghost, representing not more than ten stone six in the flesh; sometimes I am the spectral sem blance of a man whose solid flush is too ntterly too-too, and the gods in the gallery make remarks." "Yon have varied experiences?" " Varied is sot the word for it. I never hardly know myself, and my armour is not quite the thing. Now look here, would you like to have to oome through a muslin rampart wall, one time np through the floor like that disreputable, juggling fiend Mephistopholes; another right bang across the stage oIobs to the footlights, with the gods in the gallery saying ' hear them boards creak;' and BometimeB through a stage door ?" "Well, £ admit it ie not pleasant, and not consistent, but you Bee stage managers have their own ideas." "They have so," said the gho.t, in a very modern vernacular. " Now, one stage manager made me exhibit myself as if I was a nasty fog; I had to oome Into view gradually like an exhalation from the drain, and I tell you I did not like it—I, a royal Dane, to come in a cloud and depart most oonfoundedly flurried, for the smoke got up my nose and I missed the exit and nearly walked into the orchestra. Here the other night I had to stand in a draught talking to that vapouring idiot of a eon of mine, Hamlet, and then stalk across close to the footlights in the full glare of the opera-glasses. No ghost of any decent standing ever does that. Once some one in the gallery threw an orange | at me, and it caught me in the wind, making j me say 'Ugh,' whioh is not in the text. { Neither do I think that boys ought to be allowed to call out, 'Twig his oalves;' it dis- j composes the most dignified ghost. There is 1 a great deal of carelessness shown In the matter of creaky shoes, and if yon go aoroBa | in yonrsooke'yon may tread on a task; that happened to me once, but fortunately I groaned instead of swearing, and the thing | passed oft Taking it altogether I am getting | tired of the disembodied spirit business, and j wish I could ' give np the ghost.'" j "Alas, poor ghost," I said, not knowing j exactly what else to Bay. The ghost threw j up its hands with a gesture of impatienoe, and eaid, "Oht don't Bay that. I have j heard it before; Hamlet always eays it i" 1 And he went. 