PASSING EVENTS. [Br TUaTrrUL JAMES.] Wao are the committee of the Girls' Grammar School scheme, and what are they about? Have they too many irons in the fire to be able to attend to each one properly? Many months bave elapsed since "' Sleepy Hollow" was stirred up on the subject, but there is no appearance of an effective start as yet. He read, this week, of the results of the Sydney University local examinations, and find that the Ipswich Boys' Grammar f choDl takes a prominent place, sin scholars having passed seven first classes and twelve second classese amonget teem. But, our girls, where are they ? Maryborough and Brisbane are well represented, but ' Modern Athens" is no. where. Is it possible that we have not a single girl in Ipswich able to paess a University senior examnia. tion? Natarally, preparation for theseexaminations does not come within the province of State school work; hence the need for the establishment of Grammar Schools, with a higher standard of educa. tion, leading to the various professions, and holding forth possibilitie ofl scholarships to the Universities. Urasming I heartily disapprove of ; knowledge crammed into the brain of a buy orgirl is perishable, and as useless as it impressed on the smooth sea. sand. But a high standard of methodical and practical education for girls and boys is a national treasure, and should be lostered and guarded. The Ipswich Boys' Grammar School is doing splendid work, and turning out not only creditable scholar abipe, but also practical esons of Queeneland, with some knowledge of ph)sical science and handicrafts. The school magazine improves in each number, and guives the outer world an opportunity of oseeing the h althful spirit prevading both study and play. Why should oar girls stand aside and wait, wasting precious monton ashd years from lack of opportunity? It there is a spark os chivalry, or the faintest sense of justice, in our numerous wealthy men, let them eooneforward witn open hands and help the girls of Ipawich. M?. Evacis and bin so-called spiritualistic seancees o?euf a position in the foreground of passing events thi' teek. The world of spirits is a vest and un* known country, and we cannot but feel grateful to those who have tbe knowledge, patience, and ekill to explore its mysteries. The existence of psychioc force is indubitable ; it is proved by mesmerism, biology, thought- readling, and in many other ways ; but oue scientific knowledge of this force, of its power, and of its capabilities is still in its infancy, and, unfortanstely, human ignoraunoe of the subject leads to superstition. Ghosts and spirits are only gruesomeou accoontf theirmyetery. l. ava: y with the surrounding cloak of myete,., and you will deatroy the superstition that now envelopes our spiritual visitors. Th'e Psychological Society in England numbers many well-known intellectual and seoientfio names amongst its members, and I rejoice to see that a branch of the same or a similar society has been formed in Brisbane. From sueh a society we may hope for solentifie resulta if each member would bear in mind Faraday's definition of a student of nature-" The philospher should be a man willing to listen to every nsuggestion but determined to judge for himself. Be should not be biaseed by appear ances, have no favourite hypothesis, be of no school, and in doctrine have no mauter. Truth should be Shis primary object. Re is the wisest philoapher who holds bis theory with some doubt, who is able to proportion his judgment and confidence to the value of the evidence set before him." It is lamentable that so much charlatanry and humbug interferes with the scientific tesearch into psychology; but no is it ever in the infsncy s f a cc~uce. As the rays from the lamp of knowlesedge fall upon the subject, so surely will the black shadows of credulity and superstition vanish. Ta. trickery of so-called epiritualistic mediume has frequently been exposed, both in Englanl and America; but an amneusing incident was related to me, the other day, by a friend who was, at the time of the occurrence, a University student of science. Some twelve or.fourteen years ago, two persons were partionlarly prominent in the London eorld as spiritua ietiomediume-Mr. Homes and MDs. Guppy. The former realised a comfortable income from wealthy dupes, and retired from business, and our atory relates to the latter, who was not sos sucessful in her career. Mrs. Guppy's chief claim of distino. tion was a certain power she was said to possess by which was enabled to transport herself about London in the flesh (very large and solid flesh), from one drawing-room to another, through closed doors and windows. She had also the power to bring fragrant and dew.ladenflowers through stone walls, and to command qoftand pudgy hands to stroke the hair and faoe- ob rhermaemars. That style of dark edanoa.ii dalt°pla out now, and newer tricks have tak .itspt : -at that time, it was fresh, and ritil_ for the Advance ment of Slienoe ade itus of investigation at one of their annalanestings. Guppy, with her husband, weresthe ?iesti of a lady in the neighbour. hood, and, during the week of the conference, con. descended to give a number of private odanoes to friends of their host and hostess. These were a great sueoess up to a certain point, and many con verts were made. But, at last, a young man in the house found lhimself wondering at the amount of dew on the table when the flowers were thrown on to it in the dark, and, with my informant, entered into a conspiracy. They pot a colourless chemical drug into, all the water in Mrs. Guppy's bed-room, and set a watch on old Guppy, who was for ever prowl. ing about the gardens. On the following evening, n large nionCe was held; the usual phenomena ap peared, the flbwers fell, 'and some of the "dew. laden" blossomst were placed in a tin box, and taken to the profeesbr of chemistry in the University for analysis, wi hoot .his knowing for what reasons. Ieedless to sad, the chemical drug was found, con sternation and doubt spread amongst her adherents, and Mr. and- e. -GFuppy found it advisable to " move on." CoeassaPONDzTe to the English papers, a few months ago, wd're nuch exercised ins their minds, and wasted a vast amount of ink acd paper, over the question "Is marriage a failure?" That is to ay, if. married folk waet less securely tied, would they be less severely triedt The result of the discussion, so far as it bore a result, seemed to be that women, as a rule, considered marriage a esuccess ; whilst men regarded it as a failure. Would life run more smoothly were marriage a leaseolilS irguagement instead of an out-and-out purchase ? If the'harriage bond could be taken for three or five years, with the option of renewal on the same or difiereut terms, there would be a revolution in the etate of society. No more slovenly wives and badly-cooked dinners I No more neglectful "club" husbande I The petits soifs that form a distinguishing feature of early matrimonial bliss would have a longer life, and domestic, Courteey might take the place of nagging and swearing. Such an experiment would ultimately lead to a survival of the fittest, for the dissipated or niggardly husband, and the incompetent wife and mother, would find themselves out in the cold. When those days come upon the earth, a golden, or even a silver, wedding will be e rare event in the history of married lives, and worth celebrating; but, now-a daye, any married couple must of neccessity reach the limit of fifty years if they marry young enough, and have a good family doctor. There is much t) be said on both sides, and I would suggest the subject to some of our local debating soceties. Only married men should be allowed to debate the question ; they should have two evenings, one to he held with wives present, and the other with closed doors, "Truthful James" ulone being admitted. This might be followed by a debate on the same subject from wives, at which husbande might be present, but not allowed to talk. THE Parliamentary Class seems to be somewhat volcanic in character of late, rending forth vo umes of smoke, and choking all fruitful legislation by streams of lava, in the form of invective. Whenoce comes this sadden eruption, and what is it all about? Let me recommend a social evening, a shake hands all rounad,and then to conclude to work of the session with a friendly strife of words, avoiding personalities and acrimonious sneers. It is just possible that, if tihe assemblies were held in a larger room, with a more convernioent " strangers' gallery," the force of public opinaon might induco erome of our beet speakers to forget t emeeevos and their individuality, and throw their eloquent energies into the subject before "the House." Only a short time ago our Ipswich Parliamentary Class shone distinguished above all Parliaments for good felloweship and good speeches-an arena where prospective candidates for legislative honours might try their maiden swords. Let us hope that day has not altogether fled-that he late stormy mneetings have been due merely to meteorological distamtanees, which will pass away s swiftly as they have arisen, 