THE DEVIL'S DIE. BY GRANT ALLEN. Arrnon op " Fon Mamie's Sake," <« Piiilis- xia," " Strange Stories," " Babylon," " In All Shades," Ka lee's Siiiunc," &e.; CSATTEn XXXIII, As Harry re-entered tho sick room. Seeta was bending, still vigilant, over tho bed where Olwcn lay, now sleeping feverishly in tho first laiut flush of convalescence. Ho glanced at Seeta with iufinito anxiety aud concern in his eunken eyes. Seeta looked up, aud for ono second their glanco met. Her faco was worn and somewhat palo with nursing. Tho day's anxiety had told upon her visibly. Harry drew near and whispered in liar enr with profound eagerncs, " Do yon feel anything ? Have you noticed any throbbing or siuging in your ears ? Arc you quite yourself still to night? You don't recognise any doubtful symptoms, do you ?" Seetn gazed back at hiiu fearlessly with her epeu smilo ; it had nover oven occurred to her to watch herself. Sho could afford to smilo now, since Olwcn was mending. " Never folt better in my life," she answered with proud enconcern and a look that recalled her old solf. "A little worn aud tired with nursing, of course ; that's all. You needn't ho in the least afraid of my taking it. 1 never take anything. 1 wish to licavou I could. T'hoso who valuo life least havo always the surest hold of it, I fancy." Harry gazod hard at her, half incredulous still. Jlis fonr and terror wcro so great and urgent that ho couldn't believe Sceta's own re port of her perfect health, llo fancied she must ho going to catch tho infcctiou. That would bo so liko nature. Sho had kissed Olwcn. A kiss was enough. Tho awiul dream of that dramatic rovcugo had taken complete bold of his body, soul and spirit. Ho couldn't shake it off, It would havo boon so absolute tad ideal a Nemesis of his criino if, in trying to murder Olwcn for Scola's sake, lie had oulv tucccodcd in murdering Soetn 1 " Let me feel your pulse," ho cried impe tuously. "It Can't be all right 1 Yon must be i .'Lctnl0 t'Y your heart; let mo put my band quo momeut on your forehead 1" I'lilijhhca by special trnxaeincute wiib tie Mthor. on rigcte roccrreCr Seeta held out her fair while hand to him franhly and calmly, without a moment's reluc- tauce, He clasped tho slender wrist between his finger nnd thumb, and taking his watch mechanically from his pocket, out of pure force of habit began counting the beats with metho dical accuracy. Yes, yes ; sho was right. Hor pulso was in every way normal and natural, lie dropped her arm with n sigh of relief, mid laid his hand gently oil her high forehead — that smooth pale forehead that was always Scela Maync's greatest title to artistic beauty. As he did so, Seeta started and shuddered invo luntarily. "Why, Harry," she cried, in n sharp tone of sudden alarm, "your hands arc hot — hot and dry, and harsh like fever. Trv your own pulso instead of mino. I never felt anything so burning aud hot in my life before as you arc. You must be ill. . . . You must be ill yourself. , . . Why, what's tho matter? Are you faint ? Aro you faint ? ... Don't look like that 1 Don't stare so hard 1 You seem to bo giving way 1 Dr.. All, Dr. Ali 1 Come hero and look nt liira !" Harry rank back exhausted ou the bed. A horriblo singing deafenod his ears ; strnngo feelings came and went within him. His heart throbbed nnd beat wildly. Tho truth hurst upon him iu a sudden revelation. " I am," lie muttered. » 1 never thought of that. Ttio Nemesis has come in another shape. It's taken me myself. Cholera ! Cholera !" It was quile trnc. The unexpected was the ono thing that really happened. In all his pro found calculations of chances, Harry Chiclicle bad never calculated upon that obvious possibility — ho had never reflected, in his blind confidence, that lio himself might , prove his own chief victim. He had treated tho germs throughout exactly ns though ho possessed some magic talisman, some personal immunity front their dreaded attacks. He had pooh- poohed the notion of their over in any way affecting or hurting him; Ho had plotted against Olwen, he had trembled for Seeta ; hut on his own score, not a passing qualm or twinge of donbt had for one 6lray moment so much as occurred to him. He thought of himself as absolutely secure ; and now.-ns Mohammad Ali had unconseiouslv nrc- dictcd, the pit that he digged he himself had "fallen into. He recognised then at once those terrible, deadly, undeniable symptoms, the very symptoms ho had observed iu tho Levan tine sailor whom he saw at Rotlierbithe, and from whose infected body lie had taken the gcrnis of that horrible pestilcnco that was now devouring his owu tortured vitals. Ilis plot was turned by chaucc against himself. He didn't for a moment hesitate or doubt. He knew it was cholera, Asiatic cholera, in the milder form then sporadically prevalent among tho foreign sailors in the East-end slums ; hut a fearful, a loathsome, and a deadly disease for all that. He laid no flattering unction to his soul, that ho would probably recover. Ho didn't want to recover ; lie wanted to die, and ho would havo his wish — of that lie was cortain. Ho folt that iu his present feverish condition of body and mind, unmanned aud uunerved by hopes and fears each equally mad and equally devilish, the plagua had taken too firm a hold upon his enfeebled limbs for any medical nid ever now to expel it. Ho knew ho was doomed; ho was sure ho was doomed, - niid ho asked nothing better from the deadly littlo imps whose dances and gyrations he knew so well thau that they should make short work of him as they did of the sailor; nnd put him soon out of his lingering misery. He didn't wish to live. He had Ijved too long, too long already. Ho wished only to sleep, and to forget it all — his feverish, futile, wicked, wasted, unholy exis tence. One comfort alone lie had, even so ; a wicked comfort, a fitting comfort for such a mnu's last day on earth. He didn't think even then of his wife ; ho thought . Seetn Mayne would be with him when he died to-morrow. Thank heaven for that. Or, if not heaven, then, thank the devil for that ono crowning act of grace in this awful end of a terrible life devoted in secret to his deadly service. As- he cried aloud those two fatal words, ' Cholera, cholera !" Seeta Mayne moved to tho head of Iho stairs with her queenly tread, tearless still, but profoundly stirred, and called aloud once more in a firm voice, "Dr. Ali 1 Dr. Ali 1" .-, In-tho drawing-room below Mohammad. Ali was slowly recovering his equanimity after his exciting strugglo with the pestilence-stricken murderer. At Seeta's call ho mounted the stars hastily, and entered the sick room: Socta, speechless with terror, but still croct and stately and etatnesquo as of old, waved her hand demonstratively in Harry's direction. Tlio Indian, glancing across at him, unmoved, took in iho sccno at a single , look. Without uttering a word, ho approached the bed, raised the stricken man liko a child in his arras, and carried him, a limp aud half-senseless burden, into tho adjoining bedroom. Thero hn laid him down with womanly , gentleness on the small iron bedstead, his professional feeling once more reasserting itself, and whispered in a low voice to Seetn, " Send at once for another doc tor. .1 can't rittond him. I mustn't attend him. His is a very serious case indeed, lie won't pnll through. There's no hope. I cnu. see the finger of death; upon him visibly already." As Ali laid the new patient down, Harry gasped far breath and stretched ont. his arms.' A sudden iiupulso of grace camo over, him like, a wave. "Don't tell Olwen," ho cried aloud' iu a husky voice. " Koep it from Ohvou until she's well. It would kill licr to kuow. lt would kill her ' tq guess, Keep it from her, Ssotn; at all hazards/ Foor child; sho has suffered too much already.":' Seetn rang the bell in silence for tho ser vants. . Ouo of tliem camo and sat with Harry wliilo Mohammad Ali took his hat in hastoand went out in search of tho nearest medical man to attend liim. By tho timo All returned Harry Chichela was seriously ill. 'It was a bad case ; it had ran too far ; tho vims had taken hold of its victim with terrible effect. His nervous energy and tho excitement of tho day had enabled him to hold up ngaiust tho enemy much too long/ Ho had usod up his powers in montal exhaustion. When tho collapse camo it wag utter and horrible. He sank at once into a kind of lethargy. Tho two patieuls were now on their hands together. Seeta sat aud watched with Olwcu all tho night through. From time to timo, Mohammad Ali, stealing iu liko a ghost, brought hor tho latest news of Harry, llo whispered it low in her cars each time, for fear of Olwen. But Olwcn was sleeping sweetly by briof snatches now, and recovering with tl.e extraordinary rapidity of recovery that ftJ ways accompanies tropical (licenser. In those critical engagements yea struggle in a short sharp conflict with tho enemy, and whichever wins wins quickly. To-day you arc seized ; to-morrow, you are cither dead or well again. The critical caso was now Harry's. Would ho recover ? Could ho recover ? With no vindictive feeling in tho depths of his heart, Mohammad Ali prayed not. His death was the one sole gate of escape now left onen for all of them. If H'rry uiod, tho evil might still be mended somehow. If Harry lived they stood full in presence of an insoluble pro blem. By Ilnrry's bedside there sat oue watcher who watched more closely nnd more carefully than any of tliem. As soon as Lizbetli heard the doctor was ill, she crept up silently to tlic room where they had laid him, aud, kneeling on the floor at tho licnd of the bed, kept her eyes fixed with rigid immobility upon his white faco and clammy forehead. Sho noted every quiver of his lips and eyelids ; she followed ovcry turn oi his rostlcss eyes ;,.sho anticipated every movement ot his clutching lingers. She, too, know in her own soul thai the doctor was doomed ; she saw with eyes of practised skill llioso imps of germs devouriug hi in bodily ; and with an angry heart towards Mohammad Ali she thought of it all iu some vague dim illogical way 'as tho Blackamoor's doing. In reality, she had done it every hit herself, She had aided and abetted Harry Chichele in his vile attempt to murder his wife ; the attempt was frustatedgbut it boroits frnit ; and she, too, was paying hor penalty. Morning came, and Olwen was better. She woke with a start from her fitful slcop. Seeta sat still on the chair beside her. "Where's Harry ? " Olwen cried, looking round her anxiously with staring eyes. Seeta put her oil with some passing excuse. It was awkward and clumsy, but it served its turn. Olwen accepted it. Her head fell back wearily upon the pillow once moro, and she waited with patience for Harry's coming. As tho day went on, however, Harry grew steadily worse and worse. The enemy had full possession of nil his posts. Mohammad Ali, creeping to tho door, beckoned to Seeta to speak with him outside a second. " Don't sny a word to Olwen," lie whispered anxiously — he called her Olwen straight out, now, in the excitement of the moment, without even remembering what a liberty he was taking, " It's all up with him. He can't recover. He'll die before night. He's sinking rapidly." Seeta steadied herself by the back of a chair, like one stunned and wholly disabled. The message was worse than a message of death to her. She felt the ground reel and whirl beneath her failing feet. It was very wicked of her, but she loved him, she loved hiin. She would have staggered and fallen if she had not sup posed herself by the aid of the chair. Let me go mid see him," she cried pitcously. " Oh. Mohammad Ali, you kuow it all I When lie's at the point of death, there cnu surely bo no harm, no sin, no wrong, iu my going to see him 1" Mohammad Ali, observiug her emotion over power her with its force, felt for her profoundly. He could uercr have had tho heart to tell her for what sort of a man it was that that visible thrill passed through her frame. " Come," he said, taking'her hand in his like a child's, ' come in aud seo him. He wnuts to sea you. He has asked for you twice. You can say good-byo to him— say good-bye for. yourself and for Olweu. " Seeta rose from the chair into which sho had slowly sunk, and followed him blindly into the next room, Her heart was full and like to break. - Her life had missed what life has best to give. She had loved but one man truly in all her days, aud from that ono man, as he himself lmd said, first, marriage had divided her, and now death would in turn divido her. She walked ns in n dream up to Harry's bed side. Earth swam and. blinked all round. Ho opened his eyes nnd saw her dimly standing there. " Seetn 1" he cried, " Oh, thank you, thank yon. I wanted to eeeyou, I'm going at last. Good-bye, for ever. Good-bye, Seeta." ' Seeta bent over him and kissed him hard on his hot forehead. " For Olwen," sho said, or rather moan'cd, with blinded eyes aud choked utterance. . > Harry pressed : her hand feebly in his, " Now, onco for yourself," he murmured eagerly. In Seeta's mind thoso fatal words rose clear and distinct as reality onco more — those words which, though sho knew it uot, had sent him to his doom— " Nover, never; while Olwen lives vou shall never touch tliem." , . . Sho drew back her lips, and ber heart throbbed violently. . . . Dare sho unsay it? . . . But ho was dying now. aud it was all so different I : For a second sho hesitated ; then, with a sudden impulse, a womanly 'im pulse, she stooped again and printed one burn- iug kiss'- upon - hi9 burning brow. "For myself, Harry," sho said iu a low voice, and reeled back half faiutiug. Never beforo rind never qgnindid SeolaMayue kiss any man. , Mohammad Ali led her back, unstrung,- to Olwen's room, whero that proud, beautiful, un bending woman sat long nod cried silently. Tho day -passed away and evening came on. At seven the servant brought her up a cup of ten to tho sick room. She drank it without a word, arid looked at Olweu. Poor Olwcn, too, was perturbed and terrified. All day, in bcr intervals of consciousness sho had grown more and riioro anxious at Harry's absence, nnd as eveniug approached she could no longer bo appeased, but kept clamorously' demanding him every two minutes, so that Seota feared any further oxcuscs must prove worse thau futile. Seeta dared uot tell her the wholo truth, nnd sho dared not leave her any longer in entire ignor- nuce. What could she do? Sho had grown so feeblo that for the first time in her lifo she felt the need of a man to lean upou. She left Olweu for a moment by bcreelf, nnd movod downstairs to consult Mohammad Ali. Seeta's movemeuts wero always majestic ; in this deopest aud profonndost trouble of bcr lifo slio moved like a goddess dethroned through tho passages ami corridors. Ali was not in tho drnwingrooin, and she stopped nwhile to speak with tho other doctor. Sho was gone ouly live or six minutes iu all, but during that time Olwen's impatience had become absolutely insupportable. Sho must nnd would kuow all ubont Harry. Whore could ho be ? Not, eurclv, at collego 1 The frightoucd girl raised herself "in the bed, and gazed about tlio room to look for Harry, llo was umvheie to be scic. "Harry," she cried, "Harry, Harry 1 " No answer came. Sho was alouc, alono. Sho looked once more. Could Harry be ill ? Tho idea took uudisputed possession of her, lioart aud soul. Where bad they put him ? She must look for Harry. She must fiud Ilarry. She must go to Harry. Ilarry was ill, aud nobody to nurse him 1 Why had they not told her? Why had they not called her ? Sho must go to him at once. It was her place, her duty. She could stand no delay. Harry ill, and she away from him I Half delirious still, and faint with illness, she dragged herself up with fccbla arms and sat for a socoud vacantly on tho edgo of the bod. Her knees trembled and sank beneath her ; but sho thought she could walk ; she was belter now ; she would inovo a littlo ; she would go to sec what was wrong with Harry. She rose, and tottered, groping her way across tho room. Her limbs were hardly strong enough to bear her weight, yet siie 6tnggered somehow, with uncertain steps, as far as the door. It stood ajar. Someone was talking on tho landing below. Sho thought it was the houso maid con versing with tho cook. "How's Dr. Chichclo now ?" the cook asked, anxiously — the servant, wero always so fond of Harry 1 Dear, dear Harry 1 And the house rauid answered, in a voice that rang through Olwen's iumost soul, " Ho cau't live loug. He's awful bad now. It's took him at last in the collapse, tlicy call it." Oh, heavens, heavens, how torrible! How terrible I Ilarry ill, and no one bad told her. Then the worst was true 1 Harry was dying! Olwen needed to hear no more. With convulsive energy sho staggered on io the next room. Harry would'be put in there, no doubt. That was his own drcssiagroom. She held on tight to the door handle for support, aud tried to open it. The door was locked or bolted, she fancied. It wouldn't turn. She knelt down or sank upon the floor, nnd listened at the keyhole. The floorcloth was cold to her poor bare feet. She could hear Harry's voice borne towards her like a dream, speaking dis tinctly — clearly and distinctly. Then he wasn't dead yet, he wnsu't dyiusr. Ho could still speak. He was speaking strongly and boldly, and shnrply, too. So strong u voico was not liko a dying man's 1 Sbo plucked up hope ouce moro, nnd listened at the keyhole with eager anxiety. For a whilo tlio words came io her as in a trance, vaguely. She heard tliem without understanding tliem or guessing their import, though they camo to her distinct and piercing as ever. Mohammad Ali nnd licr husband wcro talking together — they were talking about her ; about her and Seeta. At times sho caught her owu uamo— Olwen, Olweu — quite clearly, sho was sure. But what it was all about she hardly kuew. The house seemed to whirl around her in a wild nnd giddy vortex of sights and souuds. A hideous phantasmagoria filled hor bruin. She only knew it was Harry's voico, and that Harry was talking of her; poor, poor Harry 1 She was glad it was of her that Harry was t&lkirig.; By and byo, a sentence or two fell upon her ear, in .spite of her delirium, with more defi nite meaning. She could catch tho words, and guess what they wero driving at. She had no strength to move, or cry, or stand, but she listened eagerly. Sontenco after soatcnco came homo to her now. She understood it oil — all — ovory word of it. They wore talking of her 1 Of her, and of Seeta 1 At last she could stand the suspense no longer. She must find- out what it was all about. Sho tried onco liioro, with rill her feeble strength, to turn the liaudlo. Thank heaven, it moved. It yielded easily. The door wns uot really locked after all ; it had merely caught a little on the edge of the bolt. She opened it softly, and glided, barefoot, with lier noiseless tread, in to Harry's bedside. 