A PECULIAR DISPUTE AS TO 0 H.W AIRSHIP. -A. A sad dispute, incident it to the death of the late well known jockey A Robertson, who was killed while riding Silvermine in Sydney, was investigated at the South Melbourne Police Court yesterday, in a case Anntr Roberton v John Holm turn, for assault and illegal detention of property Mr Du appeared for the complainant and Mr I Turner for the defendant, The complainant a young woman said she had been known for five years as Mrs Annie Robert son. On the death of A Robertson she went to stay with his brother John the defendant, in he asked her to his house, and for some time has very kind to her. She went to stay with a friend! at Kensington and letter on wishes 1 To remote her box from the defendants house, but he refused to give it up to her The bo , besides containing all her property and clothes contained the best ches oofs saddle and bridle which the deceased jockey was neiiiL, when he met with his death She took a constable with her, but the defendant still refused to give up the pro- perty 1 In ) had some words, and she told him that his brothers ghost would rise up against him for the way he had treated her He then struck her in the face Mrs ( Catherine Bayles said that she accompanied the complainant when the box was demanded last and a) After the constable went and) the defendant called them bad characters, and she struck him with her umbrella The The defence was that the defendants deceased brother had left property III Victoria and! New South Wales that the de- tendant, hat! to make out letters of administra- soil, and its accountable for all Ibopioperty, of which some of that claimed was putt. He was perfectly willing, to give up whatever was hers, except the saddle and bridle, which were his hue brother's property The complainant who was much athlete! said that she words I forego the charge of assault at the property was restored to her Mr Alley cb turning of the Bench said that the balance oft,ood*eclini,vvasaii the part of the complainant, who did not wish to press the assault charge, The articles he claimed were of no great value, but appeared to be treasured by her as menu noses of the dead man An order would b made for the immediate restore turn of the property, with 26s costs. The charge of assault was withdrawn 