LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. flr-ENOAUJiN DIVISIONAL HOARD.-The monthly meeting will we licld at the Board's Office, this day (Saturday) at the usual hour. DBNTAI Mr. D. R.'Eden, surgeon dentist, will viBit Warwick oil the 12th instant, and may be consulted between the hours of 9 a.m. and 5 p.m. . " CAXTON CKTOTKT CLUB.-A meeting of Cox tomans is convened for this evening. The business iB important and the members of com mittee are requested to roll up. TEA AND PUBLIC MEETING.-A tea meeting will be held in the Protestant Hall, Allora, on Wednesday, the 17th instant. Addresseswillbe delivered afterwards by the Revs. J. Spence, J. Gardiner, W. Wall, and others. "?DISTRIBUTION OF PRIZES.-The annual dis tribution of prises to the children attending St. Mary's School will take place on Wednes day the 24th instant. His Grace Arohbishop Dunne will be present. The children after the distribution will give an entertainment. HOSPITAL SUNDAY.-It has been decided by the clergy to have the hospital collections in their respective churches on Sunday, the 14th Instant. Mr. R. Rowril will preach in the morning and the Rev. J. Spence, of Ipswich, in the evening, ot the Wesleyan Church. A LUCKY " SroRT." - During the post season the Hon. J. White's winnings amount to £16,728, whioh is more than four times the amount won by any other owner during the same period. In four years Mr. White has won no less than £65,000 in stakes. REGISTRATION COURT.-The quarterly regis tration court for the electorate of Warwick and that portion of the electorate of Cunning ham comprised within the Warwick divUion was held at tho Court-house on Tuesday the Polio© M&gUtr;&te; sitting soloi. The li*t of names registered appears in our business columns. Too EXPENSIVE.-The tenders opened at the last meeting ol the Council disclosed the fact that the proposed iron fence on the Town Hall premises would bo a somewhat costly affair, and it was decided not to accept any of the tenders submitted. A sawn paling fence wot considered good enough, aod tenders for the work will be called for next meeting. Pernio BATHING PLACE.-A special meeting of! the Council will be held this (Saturday) morning for the purpose of iospectiiig the . Hv#r with fc view to deciding upon a epot eultable for the erection of public baths. The idea is that of Alderman Altaian, and as it is one which will commend itself to the aldermen we hope to see it speedily carried into effect. AUSTRALIA TO THE FRONT. - Australian brad hones ran first and second for the Ascot Stakes at the August meeting of the Coloutta Turf Club, Cupola beating The Ghost, but the Utter protested an account of a cross, and received the stakes. Several ponies, including Little Dan and Far North (late Tom) also ran at thfe meeting. T^E COURT-HOUBE.-It is generally admitted that the acoustics of the Court- house are defec tive, but when these are added to by the creak ing ol peraons' boots pacing to and fro, the effect Is disagreeable. The request of the Police Magistrate on Wednesday to make less noise was not inopportune. CRICKET.-The Albert C. C. will play an eleven composed of teachers this (Saturday) afternoon on the market reserve. The A. C. C. eleven will be ohoeen from the following players-Messrs. G. P. Barnes, Phillips (2), Horsman, Long will, Geruh, Mclunes, Shep herd. Ferguson, Rankin, Dalton, Maddocks, and Berge. Teachers-Messrs. Porter, Stew art, Ferguson, Cafferky, Young, McCulloch, MoNally, Pasooe, Garish, Houghton, and Connolly. WOMEN'S CHRISTIAN TEMPERANCE UNION. A meeting of ladies was held in the Protestant Hall on Thursday afternoon for the purpose of forming a branch of the above union. Mrs. Wall presided, and Mn. Brenta≪ gave an oarnestaddresson the objects of the association. A branch of the union w«a formed, and Mrs. Johnson was elected president, Mrs. Wynne treasurer, and Miss Buloock secretary. Seventeen members were enrolled at the meeting. SPECIAL TRAINS.-On Sunday, tho 21st instant, and on Sunday, the 28th instant, special trains wiU be run on the Southern and Western and Kilianiey lines. On the 21st the dedication of the Clifton Ho man Catholic Church will take place by His Grace Arch bishop Dunne, and on the 28th a similar cero mony will be performed at the Emu Vale church. The idea to have special trains is an excellent one, and we trust that the public will appreciate this consideration on the part of the Railway Department by availing them selves of the opportunity of being present on the occasions referred to. A WOMAN IN IRONS.-A telegram from Broken Hill states that while a witness was giving evidence in the Circuit Court at Silver ton on Tuesday, it transpired that leg irons had been used on a woman named Anne Curtis when in the cell The Chief Justice said he had seen some women confined in gaols in these parts in celts whioh were not fit to keep dogs in, let alone human beings. Twenty two men had been in Silverton Gaol at one time, and the place was not fit to hold four. It was bad enough that men should be ironed, but when irons were placed on a woman it was revolting. P.Y.M. GUILD The usual weekly meeting of the Guild wan held on Thursday evening last, the Rev. C. J. Legate presiding. The following recitations were given : - " Two hundred years ago," by Mr. Robt, Shilliday ; " Battle of Kilfleorankie," by Mr. J. M. McCulloch; "Death of Do Bohun before Bannockburn," by Mr. A. Siebeuhausen. A reading, entitled " Success," having been de livered, a syllabus was arranged for the current month. Next evening an essay will be given on " Leichhardt's Journeylngs and Explora tions," and will be followed by a debate on tfye First Resolutiou of the 116th clause of the l,ic«t)^i)g Act, " That the sale of intoxicating liquors shall b« prohibited." The meeting closed in tho usual way, A PBOMISINO YOUTH. -A Sjrdwy Jejegram of the 3rd instant says that a shocking case has been reported from Walbundrie, near Albury. A little girl named Alice Paraby was playing with a little boy named Thomss Jones a few days ago, when the boy tried to kiss the girl, and on h«r mut&g; and running home he threatened to shoot her, Nothing was thought of the threat until tho following day. when the boy encountered the girl and fired a gun at her, several pellets entering the muBttlsf of her leg, Jones has been arrested on a charge qf maliciously wounding, and has been remanded, pe»#f$ ffte girl's reoovery. HAUNTED ME.-A working npai? says " Debt, poverty, and suffering haimteil njo fo: ynrs, Wjaed by a sick family and large billr for doctor^ *wb dl<lno 8°°d- I was corns petely diswfir»g«(f, PBS year ago, bj tiio odviuc of my pastor * 8"; 8V"'° American Hop Bitten and «wn)eifce4 fW use, and in one month we were all well, none of us have been sick a day sinco j and I want to say to all poor inen, you can keep your families well a year with Dr. Snule's American HopftitU* for Jess than one doctors visit will cost.-Zfiffiriiiuiil ^.ifvpcate." 