[CONTINUED fkom WEDNESDAY'S Scitle MEXT,] THE RIGHT OF TRANSLATION IS RESERVED THE TREASURE OF THORBURNS. BY FREDERICK BOYLE. Author of " 0>" THE BORDER LAND'' A HATER," CAMP NOTES," CHAPTER XXL WACB ONSLOW. Gsorge Genest had so peremptorily for bidden himself to callers, that the servant *ould not take in Mr. ^king's name, and i . "eiiest; senior, was out ; so tho visitor returned, ragiug in_a fashion most unusual 'With him. But by dinner time his composure was restored Even snch nerves could not quite Sustain the part which Mr, Esking liked to play at his own table, learned but "etiial with a word Upon every subject, suggestive of deep reading, but not beyond the ca-! pacity of any guest. Feeling himself un equal to that cheery, dignified converse, he prudently took another line, and chattered in high spirits. Hilda noted the revolu tion w"h anxiety that approached despair. She had tune to think m the interval be Sf' "ll> Eltod "d Her indignation, that is, her confidence, ?a'6 J«thousand recollections harrassed J' . fGe°:°e,S TfuS came back with a ti e FnS!r ! "°e recognised at the fMrods i'i maintaining friendly terms was monstrous, but he ac cuser, might trifle with dignity and good full ' LC ath6r; acoused> wouId be shame fully weak to endure a truce. And he was no, weak ; no such comfort could his daughter lay to her soul. For the new po,3ibil,ty put forward in her passion, that Mr. Asking must regard the charge as too £7^°; T^«nt, Hilda could not sus tain that to herself on reflection. Most dis treasmg of all was the memory of her father embarrassment when Eldred declared that -.hin a few hours heioped to know where ^treasure lay. It was, perhaps after '.-.I f explanation, that Mr. Esking left \- - orburns hastily, alleging sudden illness : oat on reaching home he drove forthwith to \- . "rr, .And now'instead of ti>at :L ..,uilIment which even a guiltless person ^>b'ht display when the test approaches, he almost noisy ! Hilda felt sick at heart, did not even ask after his health ; nor rent 610088 was tr»nspa AFter dinner. Mrs. Fanshawe took an opportunity of referring to the matter of nieir conversation. I wa8 sinfully gratified to see you drive away with Mr. Genest. What passed be tween you was unbefitting a Sabbath morn, 1 fear, but I trust that it will lead you to avoid a heavier sin. Do you feel now that you could have married him, Hilda, con scientiously before heaven and man V ' I have not'to ask myself the question i answered itself. I am deeply grateful to you, aunt. There is no further talk of mv marriage. ' ' Then I give thanks, child, and you, do not forget tho overruling Providence whose instrument I am. If you had found, on re flection, that you loved this young man, I ehouid have been happy. His leanings, J understand, are not evil, though worldly his position is good, an old family, and the prospect of a career. But if you do not love him these things are naught ! I re joice that it is broken ofl. We will say no Wore,' but remember your devotions, Hilda And now, what are we to do, Kate and I ? Does my brother yet know what has hap. pened V e ' Papa knows that I cannot marry Mr Genest, but I have not to Id him that we bare come to an understanding.' Do not delay. Tell him to-night at once. How do you think he will take it ?' Mrs. Fanshawe added weakly. j-ie win not say much, I think he i3 prepared.' ' No, my dear, but what will he do ? \\\ hat is to be our position ? We were in vited to see you through your wedding, as it were. _ John may consider that since the tvedding is off, we should return immedi ately/ ' I am quite sure he will not, aunt. I shall ask him to let you remain as Ion" as you please, and he will certainly ap prove.' 1 Well, Hilda, I hope so. This easy life, in a house well-appointed and well con trolled, is a sort of relief to me. I must Bay you manage the servants and every thing most admirably. The Elders might declare me self-indulgent, but they were not brought up to such things as ~I was A inan servant is vanity- this handsome Jurniture and the strange costly things around, might be a temptation to the flesh. They are not so to me, Hilda. It is in a chastened spirit I regard them, as familiar pleasures once, now 'rone, as all earthly things must. I find fruit for medi tation not unprofitable, in observing such lusts of the eyes once more.1 The philosophy was confused. Hilda could not help smiling, and Mrs. Fan shawe plunged yet deeper in the effort to reconcile a harmless satisfaction in the luxurious comforts of life, with the ethics taught by her creed. Kate's arrival was KoJcome to both. Hilda went down to the Charter Room. She found the door locked, and Mr. Esking did not open it for some minutes. He had been engaged in a longing, desperate exa mination of the leather chest. Never through a life , not eventful in temptations of the kind, haa he felt such a mad dening desire to break his plighted word ' v'!,'y Hilda told her tale. It did not surprise Mr. Esking, of course, and at the point to which things were hurryin" it scarcely annoyed him. If Wace Onslow displayed the acumen which he almost surely .would, within twenty-four houra the cra°h must come. That w,s not a reason with 3>Ir. Esking for tho breach of his share in the agreement, but If George released hitn, very good. Ho turned at orioa ''to another combination. How Eldrcd had come to leatti that his Treasure lay in the oldest part of Thorburns, had occupied very few moments of thought, Mr. Esking saw at once that Hubert must hare told him In a spirit of revenge. While wailing for his carriage, he enclosed th'o 1. 0. U. in a letter to Thwaito, dircitinc: him to proceed with the utmost rigour of the law ; and dismissed that ques tion. Matters vastly moro important than revenge occupied his mind, bat in passing he dealt a blow at an enemy. ' Well, my dear,' ho said smiling kindly, 'if you and George have settled it, I can only hope that you know best where your happiness lies. I have my daughter for a few months more, and that is So much gained in my point of view,' ' A few months* papa?' 't dare not hope more than that. A father must net expect to keep the loveliest girl Sri England, who has a handsome fortune too, even in a lonely place like this much beyond her nineteenth birthday. There is compen sation also, when one comes to think of it, in our friendlessness. The rupture of your engagement will not get into the papers. It will hardly be talked of in the county. By-the-bye, there in no occasion to detain your aunt any longer.' " I should like her to remain, papa-and Kate.' ' Yery much? ThSn let it be so. It is not actually impossible, perhaps, that we may have to summon them again before long.' 'What for?' ' My, dear, 1 cannot conceal from myself that you had two strings to your bow- that is, another string lies ready so ybur hand if you please to take ft Up. Don't look'so preternaturally guileless! You must know that Thorburn i$ in love with you?' ' I know it, for lie told me.' 'He went so far ns thai? Woll, my child, to speak cf Another suit in the same day that wile is broken off, might be pro. uoUnced indelicate by Mrs. Grundy, so I will say no more.' ' But I want to know, papa. You regard it as possible I might marry Mr. Thorburn 'hough assured that 1 will never marry now without loVe 'i' fi. in ! He is ono of the finest yoilng men m England, and handsome too. A deal of romance hangs abotit him. He did you a striking si-rvice the first time you met allow me my little joke to enlivon this grave subject. ^ He^has done a. number of fine thing's smce, in the finest way, such as facing a desperate sailors pulling a knife out of his aim, rescuing a gentleman from a blazing brougham- very original that situation and I don't remember what besides. Then, ho has a most interesting old house, and a pretty fortune. Moreover, his character so singularly matches yours, that if weddings are made in heaven one might piously think you were intended for one another. Yes, upon the whole, my dear, I regard it as possible you might marry Mr. Thorburn !' ' Oh, what monsters men are !-iWgive me ! I was thinking you both hold the same view Mr. Thorburn who accuses my father of theft, and my father who 13 accused!' ' What-what V For once Mr. Esking ! was taken aback ; but before she could ? answer, he recovered himself, and continued, smiling. 'Did Thorburn tell you this grotesque story ?' ' I made it out from what you said, papa, and George said, and Mr. Thorburn himself said to-day! I have known for a long while that there was something. Oh, challenge him to tlio proof, appeal to the law, take any steps! Don't, papa, oh, don t sit down under this charge, and keep on terms of acquaintance with the man who dares to lay an infamous charge against you !' Hilda, I have passed many years of repute among men, and respect towards my self. My name is known widely, and wherever known it is honored. I am sorry, deeply sorry, that this foolish tale has reached your ears, but when you consider my position, and that of the young man who makes tho charge, vou can under stand that I laugh at it. Eldred Thorburn has a host of good qualities, but no experience of civilised life. lie is used to think it not possible only, but probable, that a neighbour might steal. Though tho soul of honour himself, as 1 feel very sure, existence among dishonourable and reckless men has given him suspicions out of place here. What does he know of my stainless reputation? I am but a neighbour, like others, and neighbours in his experience, as I have said, steal when they get the opportunity. This is not suggesting that Thorburn belongs to that class. He feels himself, and is, I repeat, an exception. But it explains my conduct under the circumstances. I understand, and I simply laugh. Why should I not keep on terms of acquaintance with a young fellow who acts honestly enough in his mistaken point of view V ' Mr. Esking gave just time enough to realise tho force of his argumont, not to summon the arguments contra. £ ®0' dear,' he said pleasantly. Dismiss all these anxious imaginings. Remember always that I do not blame Thorburn for acting accordingly to his lights. He is a noble fellow, as keen on the point of honour as gallant, and big enough to contain all the virtues in a proportion quite abnormal.' Laughing cheerfully, he bade Hilda good-night, and led her to the door. The change in his face as he stood filling his churchwarden after she had left was finely dramatic. Thus many an applauded actor, with death at his heart, abruptly resumes his pains and terrors at the wing. Jfext morning came a note from Georgo. After it apologies continued. 'But lean not see what good purpose an interview would serve now. Miss Esking has told you what took place. For the other matters I withdraw. . If I am questioned by any one who has authority to ask, I shall toll everything, and bear tho consequences.' Mr. Esking paled with scornful anger, thought awhile, and dismissed the groom with a message that he would follow immediately. Mr. Genest was Bitting with his son, and he scowled so savagely, that the visitor spoke first to him. ' Things have taken an unfortunate turn, sir. I perceive, or I imagine, that you know enough of the circumstances to under stand my position and your son's.' * I understand nothing at all!' replied the Squire hastily, mindful of the penalties in curred by an accomplice after the fact. 'But I see that you and your daughter hava almost killed luy boy. Look at him!' George was a wreck indeed. His nervous temperament had collapsed under these trials and anxieties; his face wasdrawn liko thatof a broken old man, his eyes, unnaturally shin ing, had a hunted look. Mr. Esking was shocked. I feel for you deeply, believe me ! George, you must go away. Dismiss all this business from your mind, and regain composure with health. I should recom mend a German spa, or, better still, a long tour in Italy.' ' What nonsense ! You know he couldn't go alone, nor cheap, and I could as soon raise two thousand pounds as two hundred!' ' You must allow me to help you. Don't ciy out, George ! I feel myaelf responsible for this unfortunate state of things. Let mo arrange it with your father.'. ' I would rather starve!' ' But consider my feeling! I can bear the consequences of my act with calmness so far as they touch me, but to -think that you were suffering would be exquisjttjly painful, I put it upon that ground a!one( a^ a, favour. You can onter into ihy foolinga Mr. Genesfi' ' Why, yes, George. Who breaks, pays. Mr. Esking is tho cause of all your misfor tunes-as I have been led to undei3taud ! and ho only does what is right in proposing remedy the mischief.' ' Then, George, besides tho question of health, think how desirable it is you should go away.' 11 can't go With .yout money!' * I must tell you that tho crisis is at hand. This evening, in all human probability, the fcase in defence we have ao often considered will break down--' Mr. Genest rose suddenly* ' I don't want to hear your private business ! Let me esq you before you go, sir!* He left the room. 1 ThiB evening, George,' whispered Mr. Esking, drawing close to his ear, 'Thorburn will find out, and will be able to prove, that a hole haB been dug in his property, and something abstracted within a short time backi fie will be able, at length, to connect what evidenco he has against us with the removal of that something. The strong part of our case fails. Proceedings may bo taken, and they will !' The hunted look turned to agony; per spiration sprang to the tortured face. ' And -?hat shall you do?' ' Nothing, if you are reasonable. I askyou to let me break open the chest and secure its contents. Then we are safe. ' I refuse- I refuse- never ! I will write to Thorburn-tell him all, and trust to his mercy!' Mr. Esking did not try to persuade or to threaten. He saw that another word might drive the youth to this decisive act lipoh the spot. | ' Ihen the alternative is to go away within an hour. Leave me to fight. I swear that you shall never be brought under suspicion. If things com® to a risk of that, I will confess all. That I swear, George, and my word was never broken till this day.' Mr. Genesfc put his head into the room. 'Is it settled?' ' Yss. You must Btart in an hour. Poor George's health is reaSoii enough. Put aside all business, Genest, and get hint away. Buy what you want as you travel.' Ho slipped a piecej of paper into the Squire's hand, whispering, ' If you leave an address, don't hurry to get there. Good-bye, George. Dismiss all your cares. I am respon sible, and only I!' Limp as a rag, GeOrge faltered, 'I rely on your word of honour!' ' And you will not be deceived. Good-bye, Genest.' So he went, and by the afternoon, father and son started. They left England by the night train and they vanish from my story. Wace Onslow had given no intimation of the time ho would arrive. At the hour of lunch, Eldred, with Mendel, was looking from the front door. They saw a lean, tall black-bearded young man carrying a small portmanteau, who briskly walked up the avenue ; and they went to meet him, ' Mr. Onslow 1 said Eldred, offering his hand. 'I am sorry I did not know whit time to expect you. You've had a long walk.' ' Delightful 1 Your village of Burnsido is a chapter of archreology !' The stranger laughed, a curious, craking laugh, ' from the teeth outward' ; a sound familiar to learned men all over Europe, reverenced by the accurate and conscientious, hated anddroaded by thoje who rushed into theory before mastering their facts. 1 Burnside is no longor my village. You see very nearly the whole estate that belongs to the Thorburn family to-day.' Mr. Onslow laughed thoughtfully and softly, eyeing the Gate Towers :-to avoid repetition of a habit which was inseparable from the character, it may be taken for granted that he made this strange, cackling noise after every observation of another's, and before every one of his own. 'I always understood that Thorburns was the most interesting house in England. Once on a time my father and I meditated a visit on our way north, but they told U3 it was guarded by a human Cerberus, with much more than its due proportion of dog's heads, and we passed by. What a sad ruin !' ' It was the Bauqueting Hall, which I propose to rebuild with the assistance of your knowledge. ' Ah ! I don't say you are wrong ! An archreological fanatic might declare that florid Elizabethan matches badly with this facade of the very earliest Tudor style. Put I have never hold that history should fit itself to architecture. This porch, neverthe less, makes too great a demand on i*\y charity. I couldn't tolerate that.' 'Doesn't it belong to the period of the house !' 'A very bad attempt at imitation by some country builder in the eighteenth century! Ah, an excellent hall ! If my father came here we should have warm words about the screen. He would almost break it up for firewood rather than let it stand.' 'Do you mean this beautiful oak wall?' Arthur asked. ' We call it a screen. It marks the time when your grandfathers, Mr. Thorburn, ceased to dine with their household at a common table. They then found the hall too large, and divided it.-1581!' he remarked the date in gilded figures. ' Curiously late for an alteration of this kind, when the hall was still the living room as here, ft tolls that your ancestors stood in the ' vias antiquaa'much longer than most people of their station. Very curious. I would go so far as to reopes the other doorwavs though.' ' ' Which doorways ?' ' Why, there were three, you observe, originally, closed with curtains, perhaps. Yes, there are the hooks, but they are later* I see. The Thorburn who put up this screen could not find it in his heart to break from old usages entirely. Though ho divided the hall, it was more for appearance sake than for a real partition." 'I thought it a solid structure,' said Eldred. " Not at all. "We have the date of the original division, 1681. It consisted simply, to use plain words, of the upper part and those four pillars. The son of the first innovator probably began to fill the open ings, and very pleasingly he did it, you see. An addition made, I should think, about the time of the Commonwealth, still further closed or narrowed the doorwayH, and the curtains were hung. But the actual block ing of two out of the three gaps which had now become mere doorways was not done until-yes, until the early Brunswick period. They wero .filled irj with osk boards, observe, Jiaruly panelled. I should take thorn away Mr. Thorburn !' ' " It shall be done forthwith, Mr. On slow !' Eldred was delighted with his visitor. Used to distinguish betweon more self- con fidence and that higher form which springs from assured knowledge-as every farmer must be, more or less, lut especially the farmer in wild countries-he saw that this young man understood his business ex actly. They lunched, and while eating-drink ing also-with robust appetite, Mr. Onslow kept his eyes about iiim, eager, quick, in quistive as a bird's. He remarked every thing around, Identified the armorial bear ings at a glanoe, translated a mysterious sign here and there-read the storied walls in short like an open book. "Very early in the repast, Eldred sent for penoil and paper. He learned more about his house and his family in half an hour than any Thorburn porhapa had known. Arthur Mendel had not been as bright as usual that day ; so abstracted and thoughtful in fact, that Eldred bad asked after hia health, But this antiquarian lec ture roused him. He could not believe that a rufn wlioiaughed in that extraordinary fash ion could be an authority, and showed in boyish fashion Mb distrust. Waco Onalow was much amused and begat) to smile-quite another sign of feeling* With the air of an amiable person who instructs a child, he explained and illustrated hia viewB. Men dol was not convinced, of courso, since he could not follow the argument oven to the a b c, but ho waa shut up, and therefore, as might bo expected, took offense. 80 it' happened that he remained indoors, smok ing, when the others rose to enter on that s.urvey for which the visitor had been asked. Eldrcd had been rather puzzled to find a meaiiB of getting rid of him. Mr. Onslow went through the house and round it with extromo interest, declaripg again and again that every foot was history in stone. Nowhere did he hesitate a rao mont in fixing a date or a purpose, except ing in the case of the Pool Dam. That ex traordinary cutting did not puzzle him ex actly, but it stopped his coherent sequences of cause and effect, so to speak. ' This,' said he, after regarding it in every point of view, ' must be put down to eccen tricity, or to a personal object. It was not made for defence, nor,so far as we can judge, for decoration or amusement. The instincts of men never change-forms only are varied. There was no general purpose in digging this pit, or what you may call in, The idea was individual, and for such things it is use loss to ask an explanation.' So that feature was dismissed. Eldred offered no suggestion until the long examination was finished, but ho called particular attention to tho windows and. ubstructure overlooking the Pool Dam, which Mr. Esking declared to bo de Warenne's building. ' Of that period beyond doubt,' said Mr. Ouslow. ' I had forgotten that my eminent colleague lived so near. He is an audacious antiquarian, but very sound-a dangerous man to contradict.' Eldred looked about him with a vague sence of disappointment, yet, mingled with it curiously, a great roiief. After his guests left the day before, he had made a close scrutiny of this part. Tho big flat paving stonos of the terrace liad not been moved certainly, and the rooms within, unoccupied for generations past, had their locks so rusted up that he was obliged to break them open at his first visit, weeks before. Ho hud examined them cautiously, too, before meddling with them, and assured himself they were intact. Either the Treasure had not been hidden there, and Mr. Eaking deceived his nephew-in which case the clue was lost"again; or it had not been re covered, and his suspicions were ridiculous. Tho latter supposition he could hardly entertain^ recalling-events, though he would have liked to do so. And the former was dis tasteful. They spent a long time in the circuit. Reaching the front door again, Mr. Onslow said : ' Now, let me know exactly what you j want, sir?' ' Simply, which part of my house is the I oldest V ' The south angle, beyond question. We trill view it from the inside, if you please.' They did so, traversing the hall, where Arthur still sat disconsolate. 'When you've done,' said he, without moving, 'J shall be grateful for a little human company.' ' Our business to-day is with the rata, sir,' said Mr. Onslow. ' You do not think these pavements have boon disturbed Y Eldred asked, when they penetrated into tho small low-vaulted rooms. ' Not for many generations, I should say with confidence. ' Then,' after all was examined ' you are quite certain this is the oldest portion of the building. ' Quite! Nosv Mr. Thorburn, with your leave I will visit tho Gate Towers, ft seemed to me, in passing, that they-or one of them, at least, is unique.' ' How? Not for antiquity?' ' That is one point. I should think it pos sible, spaaking at random, that the Clock Tower may date from the twelfth century, probably longer.' Bless me, Mr. On3low,why didn't you say that before? Come along.' ' I didn't understand. The word 'house' doos not generally include out - buildings, except for legal purposes, I beg. your par don.' 'It was my fault. Say no more.' Eldred's heart boat as he led tho way hastily. 'I know there were ghosts here!" Arthur cried, as they passed through the hall, observing his face. 'Come back and tell a fellow all about it.' Mr, Onslow made a thorough survey of the outside, humming a little tune to him self in deep excitement, whilst Eldred followed impatiently. Broken sentences escaped him. ' Anglo-Saxon! Yes positively!- touched in pirt by rery early Norman. They added a little ornament to '.he top of the window there you see-perhaps damaged in a siege. This, 1 tako it, was the burgh of Thorino ham or Thorington. There should be walls round it ?' ' There are-or'the foundation?. They en closed tho courtyard unfeil a recent date!' ' Ah, we'll look at those presently. Now, let us go inside. Tho door entirely rebuilt, you soe. But not a stone moved in the in terior. Unique, Mr. Thorburn, unique. Where are the stairs.' He began to throw down the hoaps of timber piled against the wall. ' You must have this cleared, Mr. Thorburn, and the ivy cut away. It's a monument. I'm glad my father isn't here ho would be seized with a fit in sheer do light. Yes, steps perfect like all the rest. Wonderful-wonderful. Blockedare they? We must have tho3e beams out at once, Mr. Thorburn. I saw some workmen-but stay. I must look at theai too. Don't be in a hurry.' Eldred was vexed to delay, but the visitor's tone made him laugh-there was much of cackle as of speech in his excited soloiquoy. 'I am in no hurry to clear the .stairciise, I assure you,' he said, ' but very anxious to follow up the matter for which I invited you down.' ' Mr. Onslow calmed suddenly. ' I am at your service, sir. Regarding this Tower, my report is that it must bo more anciont than do Warenno's building by four centuries -I speak of the vault. It may be five, .perhaps six, not improbably seven. There fro too few examples of the sort remaining for precise comparison. If you excavate as I ainceroly trust you will-it may prove that a burgh stood on these foundations twelvo hundred yoara ago.' ' You are staying the night, Mr. Onslow, and, in fact, us long as you please. From to-morrow morning I give the Clock Tower into your hands, and I will find what labour you want.' ?' Oh ! Will you allow me to send for my father ?' ' Send for whom you like, but give me your attention now. I have reason to think that a treasure waB buried by one of my an cestors under the oldest part of his house. This is the oldest part, you say. Now, attend to the point.' Mr. Onslow heard with qualified in terest ; the legend of a Treasure was but a commonplace excrescence on a real romance. ' How long ago V he asked. ' At the date when Willian do Wnranno dispossessed us for a time. You know wlion that was ?' 'Excellent, indeed but his air was.po litely sympathetic, not -warm, 1 No possible circumstance other than that could increase the deliciouo fascination of this building! Have you.any- further details V ' None.' 1 tn that case, let us clear the pavement to begin with. Prima facie, we look for a buried object in the middle of the room after that in tho corners. So human na ture works. Oan. you find a besom ?' ' In a moment.' JSldreii rotiirned with the implement. Mr. Onslow was shovelling the dust away with his feat and hands, moro thoughtful than when he left. Taking the beBom silently, he cleared the, space which, so far as ho could Suesa, would be tho centre off the vault. 'J' Yes,' he said at length. ' It is as I feared. Somebody has-been before us, as usual in those cases, The atones have been neatly relaid, but you observe these bits of Roman cement cropping up ! They betray the anachronism. i Ah, a sad pity, if a Treasure was buried here.' 'Wait, sir,' Eld rod said, pal© with anger and excitement. 'It is fivo o'clodk ! Thb workmen are going away. In a few minutes we will settle the question.' Mr. O113I0W cheerfully resumed his sur vey of the outside, while Eldred stood silent by the door. The .masons, plumbers, and carpenters had already bpgun to gather. In a few minutes they passed down the avenue. Ho brought a pick and a shovel. They set to work. It was an easy task to dislodge the stones so lately moved. Within five minutes the seocet was out--tho bits of wood, tools, and rubbish which Mr, Esking had filled in, reappeared. Eldred put them carefully aside. Neither spoko, saving a few brief words about their labour, until Mr. Onslow said : ' We have come to the original soil. Now, sir, be careful. Ho knelt beside tho deep ening pit and watched every shovelful of earth, dry as desert sand, after ages of shelter from the. rain. ' That's metal-that's the remains of wood ! By Heaven, perhaps tlioro really was something buried ! Go slow, Mr. Thor burn !' ' You can't doubt it,' Eldred answerod fiercely, « When a thief has evidently beon digging here !' ' What doe3 that prove 1-3imply that that other people had heard you legond ! But-I begin to think- ' They had sunk beneath the level at which Mr. Esking had found the chest. Every turn of the spado threw up bits of wood, crumbling with dry rot, arid fragments of green corroded metal. Mr,-Onslo«' became deeply excited. ' There are ;he remains of a box,' he said low. " Gently-gently !' But presently Eldred worked through the deposit, and struck dry soil again. For an hour he persevered, widening the mouth recklessly. But nothing more turned up. \- ' You may give over, sir, said Mr. On slow. "We are below the Treasure. It has been removed-and not long ago.' You will swear to- that' I will swear that such is my con-fident opinion-and see !' Ho held up a fragment of newspap er. torn and black. (To be Gonlinxtf.d.) 