THE EIGHTEENTH OLA USE. MR. R. B. WILKINSON'S SPEECH. Wo take from Hansard the follow ing report of Mr Wilkinson's speech, delivered on .ilr Abbott's proposed amendment, on Thurs^ny evening last : — I Mr JR. B. WilkinBCu said that ho must compliment the late Attornejr Goneral on having delivered last night iperbaps the most ingenious, talonted and able piece of special pleading which was ever heard in tho House. Tbo hon and learned member commenced his speech by saying : He had never been of tho opinion tint tho settlement of tho lands of the colony was a qiettion which only or primarily interested tho representatives of tbe country constituencies. He had always thought that it was a matter in {bifch iho representatives ot tho city of Syd ney were even more closely concernod than irere the country members. He must congratulate the country on I he fact that the hon. and loarned lember and the representatives of ity and suburban constituencies, had irrived al that decision. If we found hem taking an intelligent interest in and legislation, as they appeared to he ioingnovr, we should not have a repe ition of those bliud, unreasoning at acks which were made on people who iccupied the lands. It was that want it interest, that want of knowledge of he country districts, whioh had caused he town members to legislate in snch n unreasoning way as regarded the onntry districts. His principal object 1 speaking to-night was to correct ome mistakes which had been made by ther hon. members,' particularly the ?remier and the Secretary for Mines, 'hey had made statements which were q misleading, so disingenous, that if ny were not corrected hon. members ?presenting city constituencies would 9 Tory apt to be led ostray. The jeachea of the two hon members did not itnally touch the queBtion at issue bnt ley were, from beginning to end, abuse : tbe squatters, appeals to tbe worst elings of the House, and attempts to i tow dost in the eyes of hon. mem irs. Ibis was not a question as be reen the squatters of the western di ?ion and tbe Government. The fht of appeal asked for affected not ily the so— called bloodsnckers from ictoria in the western division, but it 10 affected all the squatters and selec a in ths colony. The selectors were much in want of the right of ap al as tbe squatters; the adjustment of r rents was cf- more importance, pos ly, to these men than it was to the tatters. The Secretary for Mines de several statements which had in im that certain quantity of truth ich made them most effective and itroying falsehoods. The lion, mem - ? said that lurge sums of money were ;en out of the pockets of tbe tas ters annually and banded over to the tatters of the western division for purpose of improving the carryieg acity of their runs. Was not the lonable1 inference to be. drawn from t statement - that the money was nt for the sole purpose of improving carrying capacity of the runs ? ire was a certain element of truth he statement; but if the hon. meiu had been candid he would have I the committee that he, as the ad istrator of the law, had compelled ia men to spend one-fourth of the nut, not to improve the capacity of e runs, but to destroy the rabbits, sh, if not- destroyed, would even ly render the whole of that part of country valueless. No doubt the ruction of the rabbits would save grass,- and in this way improve the ping capacity of the runs; but that not the way in which the hon. iber put it. The hon. member tioned the case of the KJlfora rnn, I, ' tieio is a rnn ou which the lent spent £12,000 to improve ity.' Had the hon. member lestly to work he would have .at, under the Babbit Act the lent forced the owner of the tend £16,000, and then they h''m £12,000. Then as to s, tbe hon. member selected j run, and said, ' Here is a ih adjoins Mossgiel, one of'the i in tbe district, and it is put only £25 per annum.' That e; but it was not tho whole The truth was that Mossgiel ery good run; but Kgewon-?, i it was adjoining, was one mass 0\. If he were offered Kee i to-day at £25, with the un its on it, lie would refuse it at ' fear that be would bo ruined Phe Secretary for Mines might understood the exact circum if the case. It waB a very dif ing for any man who had not country to form any idea of ras like. You might be tra -ver magnificent country, and confronted with a mass of mal i wall, and perhaps this mallee which was worthless, would or miles. That was an ex bow w« could trust the Minis appraise these runs. It was one of the best instances that cited of the incapacity of a to alter the pastoral rents, wrett *. What did tbe Minister it case? II. Wilkinson believed that in the Minister had read the bd had .assessed tbe rent at j now came to a part of the leman's speech which was who of the sentiments of tbe With regard to the people rict.the hon. gentleman said, eminent would give a great rid of them altogether. It the Government to get rid iltogether.' The Eremier Id be batter for us if we had ien, and if we could get u t. Was that the way in j -eak of men who had gone e country to improve aud ? Tbe hon. gentleman . clean sheet. W as it pos i a clean sheet ? To get a , yon must fill up all - the (ells, and pnll down all the it was impossible to get . a . It was impossible to take rani the money whioh bad been spent upon theiu. There was tho property j the ' clean shoot' belonged to this country, and the improvements were part of that clean sheet. Such statements were worse than nonsense.. Ho could hardly find words to express the indignation he folt when ho heard them applied to men whom he had known to go out into the west, and, in Bome cases, to ruin thcnselves in carrying out this enterprise— men, but for whom ihat country would still be the wild waste these hon. gentlemen would have it, and the clean sheet tho Premier wishod to begin again with. It was said that from that country Victoria was mucking the life-blood out of New Sonth Wales. With tegard to a great deal of that country, New Sonth Wales was sucking the life blood of Victoria. Thoie was a largo group of runs in that neighbourhood belonging to men who were living in Victoria whjcb, for the last four years, had actually been dependent upon tho properties which thoso owneis hold in Victoria, and the revenue from those properties, to keep thom goiug. We had an illustration of tbe treatment this district received at tho hands of the Government in the case of the Hay and Deniliqnin railway, Ho was not talkiug of squatters only. If we drove the squatters away because thoy wero Victorians, then we should get a clean sheet with a vengeance, for tbe whole of his constituency would be swept away altogether — squatters, selectors, and everybody else. We could sweep them away if we liked. W e could give up tho country if we liked; but a nice day it would be for New South Wales if we did. It. had been said, that it was not a question between the Bquatter and the selector, and lost night the hon. member'for East Sydney, Mr Reid, said he bad not heard anything' about the selector in this discussion: This was owing to the state of things produced by the division of the runs under the Laud Act of 1884, By the division of the run-! the interests of tbe squatter and selector had become identical. But this was not a question of squatter and selector; it waB a question affecting the whole colony; and , it was this — Was the Minister to have the' final determina tion of theso routs, or w ire we to give the right of appeal to the land court ? The Premier, the Secretary for ines. und tho late Attorney-General had all stated that the amendment contained an entirely new principle. Mr Abigail : No. Mr K. B. Wilkinson said theBe, at any rate, were the words of the late Attorney-General : ^ The 18th clause of this bill was a proposi tion to retain within tho hands of Parliament that control over the public lands of the colony which was won for us by the founders of our freedom, and which had been jealously guarded by the representatives of every party, since the first days of responsible govornmBnt, The tenor of tho Premier's speech1 was the same. As was usual in these cases the ghost of William Went.vorth waB brought in to frighten us. But the hon, gentleman would find that, having raided this ghoat, ho wonld have pome difficuUy iu laving it. It was shown last night very clearly that this principle of n land court having power to decide the rents, irrespective of tho Minister, existed in the Land Act of 1861, and continned to be law until the Amending Land Act of 1880 waB passed. Under the Act of 1861 the squatter x appointed an appraiser, the Crown appointed au appraiser, and these two appraisers appointed an um pire, ond the decision of the conrt to constituted was final nnd conclusive. Tho words of the clause were : The award of any appraiser or appraisers, arbitrator or arbitrators, appointed in pur suance of this act, Bhall be binding, final, and conclusive on all parties to the appraisement or arbitration, for all. intents and purposes whatsoever. Where was tho power of the. Minister there? It was said that W. C. Went worth would have scouted such a pro posal as that to do away wiih the ?power of the Minister. Now, what action did William Wentworth take in this matter 1 It would bo remem bered that tho Upper House made suoh amendments in the Land Act of 1861 that , the Lower Souse could not accept, and, 'in order to force the bill through Parliament, the government of the day Bwamped tho Upper Cham ber by appointing twenty-one or twenty-two new memberB. Sir William Burton, who was President of the Council, and tho other members of thot Chamber, wore so indignant at this that they resigned in a body, Wentworth, who had been at home, then came out, and he aud Mr Cowper appointed a new Upper Housed of which Wentworih was the President, for the purposo of carrying the measure. It was under those circum stances that the Land Act of 1861 be came the law of tho land. When it was said that this proposal we were making was unprecedented, and that every other colony- insisted upon the Minister having tho sole power of fix ing the past.oral runts, it mig' t not be out of place to inquire what was done in the neighbouring colonies. He had taken tho trouble to look up the land laws ol the adjoining colonios. In South Austialia the law was that the runs flhould be let for seventy-five yeais. The rent during the first four teen years was to be fixed at 2s fid per square mile, und ufterwards it was to I bo valued for each seven years' period i by a valuator appointed by the Gover nor, ond who made his valuation, sub ject to the approval of the Governor. Ihat wbb to s»y, the matter was dealt with exactly in the Bame way that the conditional leose appraisements were dealt with under the Act of 1884. The conditional lease appraisements wtre made by tbe board, subject to the approval of the Minister; they could not be altered by tbe Minister any more than these ronts could be altered by the Governor. Ho instanced tho South Auslrulian law because it was nearer to this power, which the Min s ter wanted to arrogate to himself, than was the law of any of the other colonies, and hp did not want to shirk auy weak point in his argument. Then as regar ded tbe colony of New Zealand, how did they deal with these rents. .New Zealand was divided ) into districts, Tho rent' thoro wro fixed by a board consisting of tho commissioner for thi distriot and from two to fivo other members, all of whom were appointed by the Govornor by warrant under his hand, and who could bo removed in tho samo way. If any of tho lessees folt themselves aggrieved by the de cision of this court, they did not npply to tho Minister, but to a judge of the Suprome Court. That was tho very thing foi, which no were contending. That was the law in New Zealand, so that the proposal boforo the Com mitteo was .not unprecedented. That was done in Queensland 1 The rents wore appraised by a board consisting of It Wo persons, appointed' by tho Go vernor, They retained office during good behaviour, and could bo romoved only by the address of both houses of tho legislature. Tho only possible al teration from the decision of ibis court was by nppeal to the Supremo Court. Whore was the power of the Minister in either of these cases? Ho had proved conclusively that bo far from the proposal suggested by the amendment being unpre cedented, it would Ijq unprecedohtcd to give . to the Minister the autocratic power which he claimed in this clause. He would like to cail into court another witness— the Irish land law ; but tbat question had been fully dealt with by the hon. member for Wentworth, and he would only point out that the cir cumstances of our present lessees were ns nearly as possible simi'ar to tho position of the Irish tenants. Here tho Government was tho landlord ; but the tenant bad a prop- rty in the estate in virtue of his improvements, which im provements, in many cases, had given the carrying capacity to thn land, 'i heso tenants had been told to clear ouc if they did not like the rents. How could they clear out ? We had got them here. Mr W. Clarke: The'financial insti tutions wonld not lot tbem go ! ?Mr-R. B. Wilkinson : They could not go without ruining themselves, and more cruel or despicable words were never addressed to this claSB of men. Many of them had invested their all in the land, and they would bo utterly ruined if they had to clear out. The Government turned round and said, ' You must give us these rentB, or you must go.' Mr Garrett : Hear hear. Is not that right if the rent is fair ? Mr R. B. Wilkinson : A fair rent was the very thing at which we wished to arrive, and wo should arrive at it, but not through tho Minister; Mr Garrett : Through the lessees themselves. 'Ihat is very likely 1 Mr H. B. Wilkinson : 'Iho Secretary for Lands had argued this question upon the assumption othat if this court were granted the rents would all be reduced. In the first. instance the lion.: member said that if the amendment were agreed to, £250,000 a year would be gone. Mr Garrett: I explained that that was the amount which was liable to go! Mr R. B. Wilkinson ; Was not that giving away the whole question 1 Was it not tantamount to; the hon. gentle man saying that he had fixed the rent' higher than ' he ought to havo fixed them? WaBthe hon. gentleman afraid to go befoi e the court ? It had been said that the fixing of these rents was a political matter. Mr Garrett: Not the fixing of the rents; but tiie whole management of the land question ! Mr R. B. Wilkinson : In what way did the amendment take the manage- 1 ment and control of the land out of the hands of Parliament — because that was the contention of the Government. He: said that the amendment did not do so in auy sense. If tbiB court wore appointed, we had ; a body directly responsible to Parliament. We should have far more control over the actions of the board than we had over the actions of the Minister. Snppoue we had a freetrade government, with a strong following, full 'of fear lest they should throw the government of the | country into tbe hands of the protec tionists. This would be the paramount consideration with them. What con sideration would attach to the rents of a few lesseeB ? Supposing tho Secre tary for Lands in that government laid certain rents on the table, and 6aid, If you do not cgree to those rents I shall go out of office and take the Go vernment with me.' Where was the control of Parliament over the Minister in regard to the ronts in such circum stances as those ? Parliament would be utterly powerless in Buch circum stances. But if the conrt did not do its doty, Parliament could deal with it, arid the Government could appoint another. The conrt would be far more responsible to Parliament than tho Government itself. Was the Secretary for Lands so sure of his adjustment of the rentB ithut he could say that he had done justice in all cases 1': Mr Garrett: I have made mistakes; I admit it 1 Mr R. B. Wilkinson : How are they to bo rectifiod ? Mr Garrolt ? I will isc.tify them 1 Mr R. B. Wilkinson thought thero was no powor to rectify them. The hon. gentleman owned that there were many injustices. Mr Garrett : I do not 1 Mr It. B. Wilkinson : At all events tho hon, gentleman admitted that he had made many mistakes. Mr Garrett : The boards made more mistakes than I did 1 Mr R*. B. Wilkinson : An hon, genr tleman in the Minister's position could not make mistakes in a matter of this kind without doing an injustice to cer tain tenantB. He should like to know how the hon. gentleman proposed to remedy this injustice? Mr Garrett : The hon. gentleman will find out in due time 1 Mr R. B. Wilkinson thought it was the feeling that he had made theso mistakes whioh prompted the honi gentleman] to make the remarkegwliich he made last night in an unguarded moment. As regarded the retrospec tive part of the amendment, what hon, 1 membeis contehded.was tbat. if mistakes bad' been .made they, should De rectified. Hon. mombers desired that theBo cor rections should bo mado not by the Minister, but by the court. Thero wa- no absolutely retrospective action in tended. What hon. mombors sought to do wai to give to tho tenants a right which Parliament intended to confer upon them in the not of 1884 — a right of appeal, which had boon wrongfully withheld from thom by the Minister, He would refer onco more to the speech of tho Promier— to that portion in which the bon, gontlemon raised tho ghost of VV illiam Wentworth to show the control of these public lands had been won for us by tho founders of our froo dom. 'Iho Premier said : I. havo gono through tho records of that most remarkablo timo — tho thirtoou years from 1843 to 1856, when tho present Constitution was conferred on tbe colony; and it would well ropay any ono to wudo through those records as tho vory highest in historical in terest ot any that wo posBOse. Iu a petition addro9sed to tbe Hoaso of Commons, and at tho samo timo addressed to her Majesty the Queen in 1851, he used theso words: We, the Logislativo Council of New South Wales, do accordingly horeby solemnly protost, insist, and declare as follows: — That tno rovonuo arising from tho pnblio lands, derived as it in mainly from the valuo imparted to thom by the labour and capital of the peoplo of this colony, is as iquch thoir property as tho ordinary revenue and ought, thoreforo, to bo subject only to tho liko control and appro priation. He had beon laughed at wben ho said that the settlers of this country bad a property in it ; yet he appealed to tbe ghost of Mr VVeutwortb to boar him out in saying thnt the waste lands of this country had had a . value im parted to. them mainly by tho oapital and labour of the people who had gone out there to settlt-, improve, and de velop the lands, nnd nmko them pro ductive. These - were the men whom the Premier wanted to drive out .if this oolony. It was not asked that tho lands shou'd be giv«-n ' to these men ; it was only asked that a fair and re;i 8onable rent should be assessed upon the land which they occupied and that that should bo done by tho privilege of having an appeal to an independent body, responsible to this House. He oppealod t-j the good souse- of the House to overlook these misleading statements, and to judge the matter calmly and fairly, Hon. members would then agree with the amendment of the hon. member for Wentworth aud grant this right' of nppeal. The following appeared in our country edition on Saturday. 