Chapter XXIX,—Love and Duty. When the culprit appeared at last he was alone. Sue did not look at him, nor he at her. " Come along," he said with a Bort of hard Bternness that sufficiently indicated his state of mind, as he sharply opened [and shut his watch; and he hurried her down the zig-zag road back to the familiar streets, and hailed the first hansom he came across.. " Look sharp," he shouted to the driver, conscious of offending against the domestic regulations, which was an urgent matter even in the face of the higher tragedies of life. And * then he sat and stared at the side walks, half turned from his daughter/and spoke not a word till they arrived at Darling Point. In the hall Mrs. Delavei met them with the face of an avenging angel, mild but terrible. It was three-quarters of an hour past the time for that cold meat tea which wsb the Sunday substitute for the week day dinner. "How are the servants to get to church ?' she demanded with sad severity. " How can we expect them to be punctual with their duties If we set them such an example ? How am I to keep any proper order in the house " . Her husband put out his hand and quietly, without touching her, swept her from his path. He was not in a con dition to bear this sort of thing juBt now. He made straight for the library, which opened off the upper hall, and entering that room, which was peculiarly his own, sharply shut the door behind him. He was a complaisant husband a3 a rule, but there were times when even Annie under stood that he was dangerous to meddle with, and she saw that this was one of them. But, as usual at such times, his demonstration of independence and of in difference to her possible sufferings was very galling to her feelings. She felt that her paramount rights a3 a wife were dis-. regarded, which to her, as to a.great number of married ladles, was the dead liest of deadly injuries, and therefore a slow resentment and Indignation hardened her soft month and eyes, and hardened her heart against him. She followed his vanishing figure with a still, set look that those who knew her understood to mean a long continuance of grievous, if silent, displeasure, her lips compressed, her nostrils dilated, offended -womanhood manifested in every line of face and form. As the shutting—I might say banging— of. the library door echoed through the house, her daughter's arms were thrown round her neck, and she was kissed with warmth on her comely cheek. " Mother, darling," said Sue with un wonted tenderness, "lam bo sorry. We went farther than usual—we forgot about the time. We made as much haste as we ! could when we found how lata It was. I- j will leave my bonnet here"—putting it and her gloves on the hall table—"and we can sit down at once." Annie" returned the rare embrace per functorily with a stiff and bitter smile.. " I am glad only you are here to see how" your father treats me and not the servants," said she with a vibrating voice, "I think he forgets that I am his wife— that he is a gentleman." She would have flown out at these words yesterday, but they struck her now with a kind of painful truth. Still she felt -bound to defend her comrade, even in his disgrace. "He meant nothing, mother dear. I am sure he never intended to be rude to you. But he is tired—I think he Isn't very well. You know he gets a little im patient at times. Let us go and have tea," They went to the dining-room together, and Annie Bat down behind her silver kettle with the settled resolution of a martyr. Her daughter helped her to cold chicken'and ham, to bread and to salad, to butter and to salt, hovering round her with a loving attentiveneBS that was not at all in the usual order of things. She thought It was intended to deprecate the reprimand which had been so justly in curred ; and that reminded her of the girl's complicity In the father's offenses, and rendered her unresponsive to the latter's blandishments as a rock to sum mer waves. It was her habit when she was displeased to "set" slowly and steadily, like "a cooling blancmange, and she had reached that point of stiffness now at which displeasure ceased to flow in words ; but, as in the case of the blanc mange, it required substance a3 it set, and Sue, in common with all the members of the household, knew that the less she was scolded the more In disgrace she was. She felt herself repulsed by her mother's manner—felt the breath of the Arctic at mosphere as a ship sailing In the dark feels the neighborhood of Iceberg?, and knows that ib must steer with caution; but she remained gentle and warmly tender herself in spite of it, full of her new born sympathy, her profound pity for the parent who had been wronged so much more deeply than she knew. They ate and drank mechanically, for the most part in a silence that was only broken by the tinkle of a teaspoon and the noise of scraping butter upon toast. The father did nob come to his waiting chair, and the mother was much too proud to call him, If he wished to show his temper in a way that would certainly set all the Hervants gossiping it was for her, she considered, to bear it with what dignity she could, hob to descend to vulgar remonstrance. But as the minutes passed and he made no sign her smooth-faced anger deepened, her cold resentment froze. Suddenly Sue jumped up. "I will take him a cup of tea," she Baid. " He must want something after his long walk, and perhaps he doesn't feel well enough to come out. May I, mother ?" Silently Mrs. Delavel pushed an empty cup towards her daughter, who filled it from the teapot and cream jug. Sue cut a sandwich and put it on a plate ; she added a buttered scone, then a wafer of toast, then a little cake, with that womanly and indeed human Instincb for i he right treatment of mental suffering which transcends reason and moral prin ciples ; and, placing cup and plate on a tray taken from the Bideboard, carried them to the library. The large room, that was richly sombre in the brightest day, was now In darkness save where the rising moon made a white mist ahoub the writing table in the window and on a strip of book-lined wall, and its lonely occupant lay in a corner out of the light, stretched at full length on a sofa, with his arm thrown over his eyes. Sue knew where he was, and knew her way amongst the masses of oaken furniture that stood between him and the door. She stole with the footsteps of a ghost over the Turkey carpet, pulled up a chair beside him, set her burden upon it, and then said gently, in a flab, colorless voice, '' I have broughb you a cup of tea, father." (To Ic continued,) ! 