BEAUTIFUL JIM OP THE BLANKSHTRE REGIMENT. Bx JOHN STRANGE WINTER, AuMot of 'Bnotles's linby,' 'Regimental Legends,' ' Mlgnon's Husband,' to. [ALL QUEENSLAND EIGHTS UKSLRTED.] CHArnn XV. — What Mioni Have Bken. In spite of tho pains and tronblo at which Beautiful Jim hud boon in ordor to aoeuro a quiet half-hour with Nanoy Earie, they were mot long loft undisturbed under the shadow of tha wide-spreuding treo beneath which thoy had' taken rofuiro. Forhurdly hud they sottlod themselves thoro in comfort boforo little Violet pushed aside tho branches and 'invaded thoir retreat ; nud tho incorrigible Tommy, it must I be understood, wns quite too full mid overflow ing with his own importance to dream for n I moment of bctnkiiiir him.v.lf out of tho way i for the convenience 'and pleasure of his sonior | officer. | Thus Tommy got very much tho best of tho I situation, for being like a younif bear with all '? his troubles to come, he had yet to undergo ono of (he most important parts of his education. Let hut a single year puss over his head and he would know better than to coolly appropri ato a couple of chairs within a couple of yards of tho senior subaltern of his regiment — undor ! tho particular circumstances of that ovoning at ! leu st. | But Tommy had much to learn yet, very I much, and this bit of ignorance was laid up ill ?tore against him, and ho would suffer for it by-and-bye, never fear. Of eourno, if he had keen a boy blessed witha fair share of oommon sense he would have departed at once and left tho field clear to beautiful Jim ; but Tommy did not happen to havo much sonso, and never jravo Beautiful Jim a thought ! Ho only saw that Nancy was sitting there with some fellow or other, and as all his lifo long lie had been taught to look upon Nancy as a distinctly in ferior being to himself, it never occurred to him to put himself out of tho way for the sake of coutsideriug her. Really it was not so much tho lad's own fault— it was tho way ho had been brought up. Still, in Her Majesty's service tho seniors »ro not in tho habit of making much allowance for tho defective early training of the juniors ; and as Beautiful Jim drew Miss lSurlo impa tiently out of tho glare of tho gaslights again, ho registered a vow on the most lasting tablet; of his heart that Tommy should pay dearly for this night's work beforelong. Ah ! well, veil, ono Franklin Bays : ' Experience keeps a dear echool, but fools will learn in no other, nud scarcely in that ; ' and Franklin generally know full -well what ho was talkiug about, in fact, thoiouehly well in that instance. Nor did tho events which followed his ex pulsion from what was neither more nor less to him than an earthly paradise, tend in any way to soften Jim's wrathful feelings towards tho incorrigible Tommy, for that happened to be tho very last chance he had of a quiet quarter of an hour with Nancy Earlo beforo eho loft Blunk hampton. For no sooner did thoy emerge from the shelter of tho branches than thoy wero seized upon by two of the Leslie girls, who do mimdcd, in their friendliest tones, what was the stato of business at Lady Margarot's stall 'i Now, in Beautiful Jim'B opinion, as in that of many another man, tho Leglio sisters wero quite tho most brilliant and attraotivo girls in tho town, but, as a truthful chronicler o1 Blankhampton life, I must own that, at tha moment, ho found himself wondering what in tho wido world ho could ever have seen attrac tive about any one of them. Poor Jim ! From that moment uutil they wero summoned into the Deanery for supper, ho did not get rid of them, and by that time his lust chanco of a quiet tulk with Nancy was gone. The Leslies did not go into tho Deanery, having a littlo festivity of their own that night, but as they parted from Nancy at tho door, «ome suspicion of the truth dawned upon Sarah. 'Norrie,' sho exclaimed, as soon as they woro out of earshot, ' did you notio anything unusual about Beautiful Jim to-night ?' '1 thought ho seemed uncommonly flat— for him, thatis,' returned Noriih, promptly. 'It's that Miss Earlo,' exclaimed Sarah, ' and he is as gono on her as possible. 'What a joke— and, oh ! poor old fellow, what a shame wo couldn't leave them together ; sho's going away on Monday.' ' Oh. tlierc'e the parish to-m.orrow,' said Norah easily. 'Oh, but ho is on duty to-morrow,' Sanih cried. ' Young Towers told mo so, becnuso Jim wanted him to do it, and he wouldn't. Ho said old Jim wns in an awful way about it.' ' Then I think ho might have taken it, nasty littlo wretch,' said Norah, who had but littlo love for Towers. -:Let us snub him all wo Inow to-morrow.' But nil tho snubbing in tho world didn't niter the fact that Beautiful Jim had found no ono willing to do his duty, or thut he was eating his very heart out in barracks on Nancy Earlo's lnsl day in Blankhampton. As for Nancy, nil the sweetness and light of tho place seemed to havo gom out, and out of her life too, so far us that went. Sho sat a long tiroo besiilo tho open window of her bed room that night thinking— thinking — thinking! First how savago he had been when Violet Leslie and Stuart camo undor tho tteo— as if poor dear Stuart would over dream that they had gone there for more than fiva minutes' rest from tho noito and turmoil of tho fuir. And how, when ho hud espied his servant in tho crowd, ho had {riven that hideous cushion to him, and bado him tako it back to barracks ?with great care. Then how ho sit beside her at supper, and how tender and gentle he had been, and how ho had held her hand at parting and looked at her — why, positively, hor ohoekH ?were burning as sho thought of it. And thon another thought roso up in her mind, a thought of which, owing to her training and the tradi tionB of her house, she felt more than halE ashamed. ' If only Stuart had not chosen just that Bpot uud just that moment to take Littlu Violet Leslio out of tho crowd— ah ! how different all might have beer. ' — nnd then hor eyes foil upon tho child's littlo velvet pelisse which Jim had won and left behind him. CnAiTKr. XVI.— In New Quaiitem. At leuht the timo of young Stuart Btirle's first long leave was over, and ho wont to Blunk hampton to join his regiment, when for several months his lifo wus certainly not of the most pleasant kind, nnd wus vory different from any experience he had had beforo. For one thing ho had made a bad impression at his very first nppcarauco among them on each and all of his brother officers, Horn his com manding-oflicer down to the latest joined subaltern, so that every ono of them was on tho look-out for tho smallest sign of tlint ' cheek' which overy niim of thuin folt it was his personal and particular duty to try to eradicate. A difficult task oven for tho united strength of a wholo regiment, for Tommy's native bounce ?was apparently of unlimited quantity, whilo in ' qunlity, ns bounce, it was of tho very first ?water. So fur ns his manners in tho messroom wero concerned, ho wus, in im incredibly short time, what Boimtif ill Jim called 'licked into shiipe,' hut, in other ways, Tommy proved himself to bo simply incorrigible ! For mutinied, ho never could be brought to seo that, in Blaukhamptou society, ho was in any way inferior to his senior officers, nud even in tho pnluce of tho lord bishop himself, ho made no more ado about openly chatting Beautiful Jim or telling im absurd tulo at tho major's expense, than ho did of flirting desperately with littlo Violet Leslie, who was barely out of tho schoolroom. Indeed, beforo six months had gono by, Tommy . had tho namo of being tho most impudent young cub who hud over graced tho Blankshiro Regiment, or tho old city of Blankhnmpton, bv , jub presence. It must bo owned that tho women hnd had a good deal to do with it— thov utterly spoilt him, for thoy allowed him to tnko almost any liberties thut ho chose, partly becnuso lio was so young, partly because ho was to actually beautiful in person, partly bccauEo ho was tho last of a vory old anil Tich and eminently distinguished race. And Tommy, ns Beautiful. Jim truly suid, wns utterly spoilt by all the ndulation and flattery which -was lavished upon him, Bimply because his head would not stand it, any bettor than it ?was able to stand a single extra gloss' of win v. It was struiigo that this foolish. child did not .realiuu that his best interests for tho futuro lay ' with tho officers of his rogiment rathor than with tho ladies of tho town in which he was qomtored. Yet it was so. Not a day passod, if he was not on duty, that as soon aB ho was free from work ho did not go flying off to some foininino charmer, and ho neither could nor would understand thit 'tho fellow?' objected to going to tea parties -where Tommy was tho centre figure, to dinners where Tommy mon opolized tho wholo of tho conversation, and to dances whoro Tommy's audaoious flirtations made him tho ob-orveu of ull obsorvora. But though Tommy did Dot become vory popular in his regiment, ho was popular enough in tho town to satisfy any ordinary craving aftor tho approval of tho many. Ha became, after tho first few weeks, tho intimato friend of all oIubfcs — ho -was 'Tommy' from ono end of Blankhnmpton to the othor. Beautiful Jim did his best, but his influence went a very short way, for his ndvieo was any thing but piilatnblo to tho last of the Eirles, nnd it must indeed be a very strong and firm will which can follow tho most oxcellent ndvico in tho world if it is unpleasant, to the exclusion of all that miiki's lifo worth having, a much stronger will thnn Tommy was blessed with. In truth, all Tommy's strength of purpose went in un opposite direction, that of serving his own ends and gratifying his own sonso of pkueure. 'Look here, you yourg beggar,' said Jim one day to him, being moved thereto not by any dcfiro to do Tommy good, but by an uncom fortable feeling that she would he grieved if sho could eeo all that went on in Blunkhnmpton fooiety, ' if you go on like this, what do you mean to como to— hey ? Tommy looked up with his own unabashed gazo. ' What on earth havo I boon doing to upaot you now F' he demanded. ' Well, I snw you myself kiss no fewer than threo women last night.' Beautiful Jim growled. ' Tho grouter fools they to let yon.' ' Liko to hiivo been there yourself, eh ?' re marked Tommy, flippantly. If Beautiful Jim felt half as contemptuous as ho looked at that moment, ho must have attained to the very furthest limits of disdain, for his ugly face seemed petrified with un utterablo disgust. 'Liko to havo been there,' ho repeated. 'Why, you young idiot, do you suppose there's a single woman, married or maid, in tho whole of Blunkhnmpton, that would givo you 60 much as a look if I took tho trouble to be civil to her? Bless you, child, don't flatter yourself, Why, it' 8 because theso women think you'ro such a baby — such a nothing — fciich a' non- dangorous scrap of humanity — that they lot you make tho young show of yourself that you do. But what I want to know is, whut tho devil do you mean to come toP' ' Well, renlly, Jim,' Tommy replied, with a certain ' lust of tho Earles ' haughtiness in his tone, 'it Booms to mo you're troubling yourself m a very unnecessary way about my private nf fairs, nnd ? ' But Beuutiful Jim had broken into shout3 of derisive laughter. 'Tommy, Tommy, you'll be tho dcuth of mo yet — you will, indeed,' he said. 'Your private affairs — why, bless me, child, tho lust-joined sub hasn't got any private affairs except in 'applying' for leave. Private affairs, indeed ! Well, it's too lovely, that — simply too lovely.' Tommy looked blandly blank. ' I daresay it's very funny, Jim,' ho said, easily, ' but whore's tho joke?' ' ' The joke 1 In yourself, Tommy, my child, and you can't be expected to seo it.' But, after that, Jim gave up tryiug to keep the lad from making a fool of himself with tho Blnnkhnmpton women, and gained nothing whatever by tho attempt ho had made except to make Tommy firmly beliovo from that timo for ward that the senior subaltern was eaten alive with jealousy of him. And if he hnd only known thut Beautiful Jim's wholo heart nnd mind wns wrapped up iu his own sister ! If bo hnd only known that to him, ho — Tommy — was simply nothing but an impudent youug cub whose only claim to interest, or even notice, lay in tho fuot ho wns tho brother of that in significant and not-to-be-counted creature, Nuney Enrlc — well, it would havo helped to take down tho young gentleman's idea of his own greatness and his own importance marvel lously. Unfortunately, however, Jim hud not during all those months tho ghost of a chanco of furthering his position with Nancy, for almost immediately uft-;r Tommy joined tho regiment, Mr. Earlo wue seized with a somewhat sovero attack of bronchitis, nnd by the orders of his medical advisers was on the very first oppor tunity ordered off to tho sunny shores of the Mediterranean, tlisre to sthy until the very lust east wind of our uugeninl spring-timo should have taken its depnrturo from his nntivo shores. It had been a bitter blow to him, but it was useless to fight ngniust fate, and though ha tried hard for foreign leave, he was, owing to various rumours of disturbance! floating about tho country nt tho time, unable to get it. So tho — to him — dreary and profitless winter dnys dragged over, and ho only lived in anti cipation of the good and joyous time to came, when ho would have put u certain question to Nnncy Ernie, and she would have said ' yen,' and given herself to him for evor. Some inou might hnvo had n doubt lust she might say 'no,' but Beautiful Jim had co such mis. givings, uud it novur entered his head that it wns possiblo sho might refuse him — novor once. At the beginning of March, a certain part of the Blankshiro Regiment was sent from Blank - humpton to Walmsbury, thero to renwin for at lcutt six months. The officer in command was Owen, who had lately got hia troop, Beuutiful Jim, u youngster called Manners, and, to his own unutternblo nnd inexpressible disgust, tho lust of the Eurlcs — Tommy. Just nt first he was rather elated at the pro spect of a change. There was something jaunty and soldierly about marching out, colours flying, band playing, and a dozen broken hearts behind thorn, and for a fuw hours Tommy went airily round announcing that thoy were off to AValmsbury next week, with a ' fresh fields and pastures new ' air about him that was irresistibly funny to those of his brother- otticers who know what manner of plnco Wnlmsbury really was. But tho elation of this young Alexander, longing for moro worlds to conquer, did not last long. l'Yom the fellows he learnt nothing ; indeed, for nny information ho would have had from them ho would have remained in the ignoranco which is bliss, doubly so in this case, until ho reached Walmsbury itself; but iu Blunkhumpton it was different. 'Going to Walmsbury,' oricd ono lady to whom he told his news with a very 'girl- 1- leuvo- behind' sort of air. 'Oh, your poor denr boy, what a shumo ! Why, you'll bo buried alivo in Walmsbury. There's nothing to do and nowhere to go, and not a soul in tho place that you can possibly know. No society whatever.' ' Oh ! I don't know, Mrs. Fairlio,' said Tommy, trying not to look us if his jaw was dropping perceptibly, yet with an uucomfort nblo sort of feeling that tho lady, who wus quite a smull social celebrity iu her way iu Bhmlthnmpton, wus right in what site said, ' there must bo plenty of good people round ubout.' ' My denr boy, none,' returned Mrs. Fnirlie, with un emphasis which killed the luet remnant of juiiutiness loft in him. 'Not a soul who will tako tho very nn'ullest notice of you.'1 'Tukothn emullest notice of mo!' echoed Tommy, fooling as if an eurthquako had sud denly rent tljo ground under their very foot. ' Yes, of you ! Everybody who is anybody in tho neighbourhood (if Walmsbury,' Mrs. Fnirlio answered with uncomprifiing straight forwardness, ' is so horribly rich that thoy only count incomes by millions and dnughtors dots by hundreds of thousands. Old families like jour own thoy only regard us utoful in having got togothor fine country places for them to buy; and KB for any one of them over asking you to dinner — why, thoy would almost us soon nsk their sweep. Oh ! my dear child, I assure you in going to Wulmsbury, you'll find your self in no bed of roses.' It occurred to Tommy at this moment that Mrs. Fairlio was rather what ho cullod ' piling it on.' So bIio was, but not for tho reason that ho suspected. In truth, having set up for being quite the profes sional beauty of Blaukhumpton, and having boon attended hero nnd thoro by hor own par ticular 'mush' (I must uso tho slang of tho day sometimes, for what other word, or com bination of words, oxprcss so fully and clearly tho exact sort of friendliness convoyed by tho word ' mnsh ?'), iu Uie shape of Colonol Coles, sho had, biuco Btorn duty had. sent that gay and gallant old gontleman off to othor climes, h.-o without that dcsirablo articlo of modern feminino equipment, and it wns rathor hard on her that tho blithe and bonnio Li'rfio girls should invariably go nbout tho quaint old oity ?with mon in attendance galoro ! Tommy Enrlo, with his good old family, his beautiful in genious young fuce, his happy impudenco, and his devil-may-care air, would havo suited hor down to the ground, not as a substitute for but as ar improvement on, the gallant old gentle man removed — and she had expressed, or at least intimated her decision to Tommy at a vory finrly Btngo of thoir acquaintance. But Tommy hnd greatly preferred tho bonny young Leslie girls t» tho middlo-aged lady of provincial fashion, who had onco been protty and now po6ed ns a beauty in consequence, and so sho ' piled it on' us high us «ho possibly could in recounting tho disadvantages of Wultnsbury as a military quarter. 'But, Mrs. Fairlio,' said Tommy, whon ho could got his breath so as to speak, '' have you ever been to Walmsbury ?' ' Never,' returned thu lady, promptly. 'Then how do you know all this?' ho inquired, triumphantly. ' From tho unfortunate mon who havo been quartered thoro,' sho replied immediately, and Tommy wns crushed forthwith. But Mrs. Fairlio was only tho first of many who condoled with him on tho misfortuno of boing sent to a place so uncouth, so unattrac tive in every way ns Walmsbury. Thus tho youug Alexander's thoughts and idens under went a complete revolution, and by the timo half tho week— tho last week in Blankhampton — was ovor, his indignntion and disgust at his fate had positively reached their furthest limits. And then when they got to tho hated place and he found himself in his own miserable deserted quarters, ho became simply abject. Whon he saw tho dirty unattractivo streets, tho pokey littlo shops, tho ill-looking men and women, and tho utter absence of any and every sort of rank and fashion, ho fell into a Bottled misory of regret. For tho first time since ho had joined his regiment, Tommy regretted sincoroly that ho had not, when he had tho chance, made himself more popular with his brother officers than ho had done. For he found Walmsbury no bottor than a prison, the very end of tho earth, tho abomination of desolation ! Moreover, ho was fairly thrown on his beam ends for lack of feminino society. It would bo difficult to mo to truly describe how his eoul sickened and yearned for tho crowd of pretty and well-dressed women he hud known in Blankhampton, the women with aristocratic and pretty drawing-rooms, in which he hud hud his own espeisiul seat, and whoro ho had been waited on liko a young god — how ho missed tho good balls, tho luxurious club, tho grand old Parish with its tall towers and its stately ceremonious services — how ho missed the gay shops und tho pleasant dinners, and tho innumerable tea-parties ! Yes, ho missed them all with a fiorco resentment such aB mndo Walmsbury and everything in it hateful to him, and many wero tho un favourable comparisons which ho drew between them as he stalked suddenly through the narrow and dingy ill-kept streets of tho littlo manu facturing town to the club, where there was never a soul excepting a few millionaires playing whist for shilling points, who took no moro notico of him — tho last of tho Enrlos — than if ho had been one of their own factory hands, and displayed nono of that adulation which thoy would havo shown him if he had been ono of those same factory hands who had been hard-headed enough and dose-fisted enough to serupe a fortune together ! '? And theso people live hero from one ond of their lives to tho other,' Tommy cried one day as he QrOBscd tho road from tho barracks to the Commissariat-office, encountering a stream of oily hot-looking factory hands just let out of tho mills, on tho way. ' Go on from year's end to year's end, knowing nothing different. Good God! whut an end to live for' — and then ho had to go on his way and sign a report that tho bread for tho day was sour and not sufficiently baked, nnd then, oh ! poor Tommy, to sit down in his baro and hideous room — for ho had never had the heart to try and mako it look oren habitable— and write a duty letter to his sister Nanoy ! Poor Tommy, it was a long fall and a hard fate, from tho cusy drawing-rooms and tho charming women on which his memory dwelt bo fondly, to the stern reality of lifo at Wnlms bury, of which tho chief incidents wero in sufficiently buked bread and a duty letter to hi3 sister Nancy ! And, ns the nntural result of all this, it was not very long beforo Mostor Tommy E'irle got into vory nniniBtukeablo mischiof indeed. (To be continued.) 