,, BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. — • ... Berlin is to have a new Cathedral. Labour troubles are spreading in Germany. • Two more theatres are to be built on the Strand in London. • -i Chinese nightingales are now the fashionable arawing-rooni birds in Europe. L^wn-tennia bats made from trees felled by • Mr. Gladstone are becoming fashionable and popnlar. There are now* 22 crematories in Europe, where more than 1400 incinerations took place last year. It is stated that Sir M. Mackenzie received 600doL per day for attending the Emperor Frederick. It is said that the strongest man does not • survive 10 years' work in the quicksilver mines of Siberia. There are, according Dr. Rchardson, 1000 deaths per week from alcoholism in England and Wales. Henry George was expelled from the United Labour Party of the Twenty-third district of New York. Mrs. Cleveland has been made a life member of the executive committee of the Presbyterian home missions. The Shah of Persia has requested the ladies of his harem to learn the piano, and promises prizes for proficiency. Mrs. Garrett Anderson, the leading woman doctor in England, has an income of j£10,000 a year from her practise. Monsignor Persico, the papal legate to Ireland, was once acting parish priest at Sillery, in the Province of Quebec, Canada. _ Wm. Rowe, the American bicyclist, broke his collar-bone and received severe internal injuries at the contest at Yarrow, England. The English Government is inquiring into the alleged practice of attaching~large numbers of native women to white regiments in India. .The inhabitants in the British Empire number over 310 million souls, and it covers nearly a sixth of the lend surface of the globe. . - -The French steamer La Bourgoyne shipped a terrific sea on her voyage to New York from ' Havre. One man was killed and live badly hart. There have been many arrests of Socialists In "Germany, charged with circulating seditious pamphlets among thousands of striking workman. Spain is the place for electricians just now. The,. Government has decreed that all the theatreB in the kingdom shall adopt the electric light within six months. ' The Commission which has been occupied five years in revising the la we affecting Jews in Russia, is about to conclude its laboure, without arriving at a definite result. A German writer on the social condition of Great Britain savs:—" There is such a scarcity of. thieves in England that they are obliged to offer a reward for their discovery." The Pennsylvania Railway has caused the discharge of all employes on lines east of Pittsburg and Erie whose services can be dispensed . to.th, J About 5000 are thrown out. ' The'first train of the new Russian railway to the Caspian Sea has arrived at Samarcand. The formal opening will take place on the anniversary of the coronation of the Czir. King Leopold of Belgium recently purchased fe copy.of General Grant's book, and he has recommended the study of American history in the schools and colleges of his kingdom. Nineteen persons were saved by the New Yjrk Fire Department at a tenement house fire. Their retreat was cut off by flames, and they wefe taken from the house on ladders. A new gun has been designed for our army. As ,the enemy approaches the . muzzle his attention Is attracted-by a email sign, "Drop a penny in the slot and see the gun go off." /Archbishop Oorrigan has failed to obtain from the Pope the condemnation of Henry George's works, which have now been formally delivered to the Vatican for judgment Twenty-two editions of the May number of the North American Review have been issued. It was Mr. Gladstone's article on Colonel Ingeraoll's ideathat caused this unprecedented '•ale. . , A waggon ,on the road to the South African .goldfields recently encountered a thunderstorm • near Mount Fletcher,16 oxen being struck dead : t>y lightning, and the driver and leader knocked senseless. r A Pans journal asserts that an Eaglish exhapgman has been hired by an American manager for a lecture tour in the United •States, and is to receive 40,000dol. over his .expenses. .,' The .Moscow Gazette, commenting upon the recent scenes in Parliament over the condition of England's defences,aays-i^England, being a «ruioj must be content to play the part of a peaceful commercial State." The . Queen has forwarded, through Lady Rosebery, for "exhibition in the Women's Industries Section of the Glasgow International Exhibition, ttfo table napkins manufactured from yarn spun by her Majesty. London Society says that in five or eiryears 18,OOQ Irish girls who had been assisted to ^migratesent home£24,000sterling, "a gpat cart of wfrich has gone in payment of .impossible rente to absentee landlords." Hersent, tfce contractor, has a scheme for VnridgingDoverStraits. Thestrncture is tQ.be' jfi niilea long and the spans iQOQft. apart, It is estimated that the cost will be £6,500,000, and the time of building six years. Three international exhibitions will be held in Europe this year—in Denmark, Belgium, and Spain. The one in the latter, which will be held in Barcelona, is the first enterprise of the kind in wh'ch that country ever engaged. The remains of Prat, Serrano, and Aldia, heroes of the combat at Iquq-iie, were disembarked and placed in the crypt of the naval monument in the Plazi Sotomayor, Valparaiso. Sixty thousand persons were in the procession. In Newcastle, England, since 1837, the working hours have gone down from 61 per week to 54, while the average wage per hour has increased by 26 per cent.,' comparing the first 25 years of the half-century with the last 25. Archbishop Benson, of Canterbury, is a warm advocate for the use of bicycles among the clergy, and adds that he would wiliingly lend his influence to a society for providing impecunious ministers with " the usual steeds of iron." Emperor Francis Joseph, of Austria, who has been a great drinker of beer for the last 10 years, has (days the London Star) recently received a present of a thousand bottles of various bottled aleB from an English brewing company. The Empire mechanical telephone is being employed at the Camerton collieries for the purpose of affording communication between t he bottom of the pits and the surface. Messrs. Davis and Sons, of Bath, carried out the installation. Work on the ship canal to connect Manchester with the eea is being pushed on with a rapidity that astonishes the British papers, and a great steam scoop that bites out four tons of soil at a mouthful is pictured as very remarkable, you know. While workmen were making alterations in the Royal Theatre, Berlin, the scaffolding collapsed, killing one, seriously injuring six, and slightly wounding seven workmen. The Empress visited the fceDe and contributed towards the relief of the sufferers. At grand dinners in London the guests have offered them boar's ham from Russia, sterlets from the Volga, haunch of reindeer from Lapland, and cokis Irom Japan. The fashion of game and fruits from far countries is the result of modern facilities tor transport. While some improvements were being made on the estate of'Mr. A. Maudslay, Twyford, near Winchester, the site and remains of a Roman villa of considerable dimensions were discovered, consiting of flint walls, tiles both flat and flinged, and a portion of a pavement. An Atlantic man, who is a preacher and an editor, was sent to gaol the other day for contempt of court He had been called as a juror, but refused either to take the oath or affirm, maintaining that any sort of swearing was wrong and contrary to the teachings of the In an article entitled " Sappho," which appears in the Woman's World for April, the author, Mies Jane Harrison, shows that in olden days the Lesbian women had their clubs and other places of meeting, and advocates the establishing of similar institutions for those of our own time. On dit, Lord Tennyson received an honorarium of £2 per line for a little poem of " Spring " contributed by him-to an American publication. The President's sister, Rose E. Cleveland, had 500dol. for a poetical contribution. The Nineteenth Century sent the G.O.M. .£250 for one of biB erudite articles. A newspaper has recently been started at Richmond, Mich., called The Smiths, which is entirely a family affair, every article in it relating to persons bearing the name of Smith. The publishers are confident that they will make a fortune if they can induce all the Smiths in the country to subscribe. While the United States has a law that no immigrant shall enter the country who has already secured a situation in it, the Canadian Immigration Department has a regulation with regard to the dependent class of immigrants that none shall enter the country who has not a situation or a home already provided. At the date of the recent decision of the Brazilian Chamber of Deputies, voting the immediate and unconditional abolition of slavery in that country, there were over 320,000 slaves in Brazil under 20 years of age, and over 800,000 under 40 years. Thus the decision affects the status of over a million human beings. Nineteen members of the Salvation Army, including-Miss Booth, daughter of " General" Booth, were at Torquay, on.March 17, committed for trial on the charge of taking part in musical processions on-Sundays ; ; and fines of 40s. were imposed on four strangers, and 20s. each on 14 1ocal,mei£... Nopehaltywas inflicted on Miss Booth. A novel kind of clock is now being erected at Margate in the Jubilee Clock Tower as a fitting completion of the memorial. Sufficient funds iiare been subscribed, and a tender has just been accepted for the work. The novel feature of the clock is an electrical apparatus which will give an alarm to the inhabitants at certain hours of the day. The Atheiueum states that Mr. Francis Parkman has informed the Massachusetts Historical Society of the discovery in France of a mass of papers collected and arranged by General Levis,- Montcalm's second in .command, relating to the American .campaigns in whioh they participated: The papers have mat historical value, and fill il volumes. The late - Recorder of Folkestone and a County Court Judge drew up his will with his own hand, but omitted the most important word.. . The will accordingly went into Chancery. He left his house "to my said," and was apparently under the impression that he had added the word " wife." This could not be proved, so the house failed to pass into the wife's hand?. • The Palais de l'Elysee, the present official residence of President Carnot, was first of all the habitation of the Maiquise de Pompadour, and has since then been successively inhabited by the financier Beanjon, the Dnchess of Bourbon, King Murat, Emperor Napoleon I., the Duke and Duchess de Berry, President Louis Napoleon, M. Thiers, Marshal Mac- Mahon, and M. Grevy. So various are the forms of plant life that it seems well-nigh impossible to find a spot where some kind of vegetation will not thrive. Mr. John Ball, a naturalist returned from South America, therefore congratulated himself on having seen an absolutely plantless land at Tocopilla, about 22drg. S. of the Equator, on -the rainles west coast. Not so much as a lichen could be diecovered on the rocks, even wiih microscopic aid. There are few countries in which the number of cattle equals or exceeds that of sheep, as is the case in Canada. At the last census there were 3,514,989 cattle and 3,048,678 sheep in the Dominion. Since then there has been no complete enumeration for all the pro- vinces and territories, but in 1887 Ontario had 1,976,480 cattle and 1,396,161 sheep, and Manitoba 144,600 of the former animals and only 6,000 of the latter. A limit to the rapidity of filtration has been generally adopted by the London water companies ; it is represented by the passage of about 540 gallons of water through each pquare yard ot the upper surface area of the filter in 24 hours, or 2i gallons through each square foot of surface per hour. Water passed through well-constructed filter-beds at a rate not exceeding this becomes under ordinary conditions bright and clear. The authorities of Pekin have recently taken a census of the Celestial Empire. The figures returned by the village bailiffs make the population 319,383,500, which, with estimates relating to five provinces omitted, makes an aggregate of about 392,000,000. These figures are independent of the Corea, Thibet, and KaBhgar, As'the population of India exceeds 250,000,000, the Hindoos and Chinese constitute more than half the whole human race. Physicians agree that the poison conveyed by human teeth is one of the most annoying that they have to deal with. One of them writes to the London Medical Register :—" 1 have under my attention severe and most complicated cases of blood poisoning, in which the patient had but slightly abraded the hand in the course of a fight by striking the knuckles against the teeth of his opponent. I have known hands thus poisoned only saved from amputation by the application of all the resources of science." I The keeper who was with the notorions con- vict Benson when he committed suicide, thinks that be did uot intend to commit suicide, but to inflict upon himself some injury, such as breaking an arm or a leg, which would keep him out of a Mexican prison. He thinks Benson intended to jump, but lost his hold on the railing in bis hurry and fell. Instead of landing on his feet he struck on his back and shoulders, fracturing his skull, and injuring himself internally. He has left diamonds and money valued at about JS850. Madame Patti has beaten her record by her latest success at Buenos Ayres. On the first night of her engagement the receipts at tbe doors amounted to £4,800, and a back seat in the stalls was sold for £13. All her travelling expenses are paid, as well as those of Nicolini, her secretary, and three servants. Half the gross receipts are her share up to £2,000, and where the Treasury shows a larger yield Bbe receives 40 per cent, of the excess. Under the terms of the contract, the payments are made in gold the morning after the performance. An Austrian officer who owns much property in Russia, and has the Russian title of Count, has (says the Vienna correspondent of the Daily News) been arrested in Russian Poland, with all his family. The Russian Government suspects him of having been one of 12 Austrian officers who, after spending six months in various disguises along the frontier, completed an excellent map giving the present position of every corps and battalion along the whole line of the Russian frontier where it meets Germany and Austria. This map caused much consternation in Russia. A Washington correspondent states that evidence is about to be filed at the United Stales.Patent Office which bids fair to prove that, after all, there is nothing new under the «nn, and the type-writers are not such novelties as some take them to be. Drawings and specifications covering the invention of a typewriter, which is styled a typographer, were deposited as early as 1829, the certificate of registration being signed by Andrew Jackson. The original patent record was destroyed in the Patent Office a dozen years ago. The drawings of the time-stained patent closely resembles the construction of the modern typewriters. An umbrella, said to be the largest in the world, has been made by Messrs. Wilson, Uatheson, and Co., Glasgow, for the use of a West African king. The uffibrella, which can be closed in the usual manner, is 21ft. diameter, and is fixed to a polished mahogany staff of the same length. The canopy is made of Indian sttftw, lined with cardinal and white I has a score of straw tassels, and a border of 1 crimson satin. On the top is a pine-shaped straw ornament, which terminates in a gilded cone. When in use the umbrella will be fixed in the ground, and ander its shelter the potentate will be able to entertain about 30 guests to dinner. The Russian Government has sanctioned the construction of a new railway in South Russia. The line will be a development of the southwest railroad system, and will run from Brest Kazitin to one ol the stations of the Trostanetsa Railway, and will ran via the town of Umani. The total length of the line will be 370 versts, or 277 miles, and the cost about a million and a quarter sterling, exclusive of the cost of the rolling stock. The country to be traversed is well populated, and contains many factories. The capital for the undertaking will be raised in Russia by means of obligations. Tbe Russian Government, perhaps in anticipation of war, is paying great attention to tbe*improvement ol the southern lines. For about 100 years most of the sugar in the West India Islands has been obtained from the O-aheite cane, originally brought from the Pacific Islands by Captain Bligh in his Majesty's ships in 1796. Latterly strenuous efforts have been made to introduce new canes in the hope that they would prove rich in yield of sugar. In one instance a cane introduced by the present Assistant Director of Kew Gardene when in charge ot the Botanical Gardeus at Jamaica has supplanted the Otaheite cane and proved most productive. A planter at St. Kitta says the new cane, which he has called the Jamaican, is a "marvellous cane." He adds that " it stands dry weather well, and is entirely superseding the Otaheite cane." The Times is informed that the Maxim gun has been a lopted into the British service, and that a large order has been given to the compiny. The power of the gun was shown in the atteck on Fort Ronietto, on the West Coast of Africa, during the expedition under Sir Francis de Winton. After the capture of Rjbari, Fort Ronietto was invested by the troops, tbe Maxim gun being in position opposite the gate, with but a handful ot men. An officer who advanced to parley for surrender was fired at, which led to the troops in rear of firt opening fire. Seeing so few men in front of the gate, the garrison rushed out, wben the sailor in charge of the gun commenced firing, to save the little party with him. In less than a minute 20 of the enemy were killed and many wounded, the rush being turned into a flight, when the fort was entered without further trouble. " Holy-water" is used for many purposes by pious Catholics. They cross themselves with it on entering or leaving church, and it is also employed by many persons to keep the procreator of all evil and ghosts away from their premises. The "holy-water" disappeared recently in an extraordinary manner ftom the tonts of a principal church in Paris, so much so that the parish priest asked for a detective to watch at the doors. A limb of the law in mufti was accordingly placed be- (hind one ot the pillars near the porch as soon as the church-doors were opened. After an hoar or two he saw a local milkman covered with a big blouse enter the edifice. From under the blouse the milkman drew forth saveral cans half-filled with the lacteal commodity with which he was supposed to supply his customers, and ducked them in the fonts. The audacious adulterator was speedily arrested. Invention says :—" We have more than onca pointed out how simple, inventions often realize large sums tor the fortunate inventor. Here is another illustration. The discovery of the perforated substance used for bottoming chairs and for other purposes has made its inventor a millionaire. George Yeaton, the inventor in question, was a poor Yankee caneseater in Vermont. He first distinguished himself by inventing a machine for weaving cane, but he made no money out of it, as someone stole his idea, and had the process patented. After a number of years experimenting, Yeaton at last hit upon this invention, which consists of a number of thin layers of boards of different degrees of hardness glued together to give pliability. Yeaton went through a number of bitterly-contested lawsuits before he got his invention patented. He was wise in not paying others to manufacture his device. He formed a company, and to-day he has a plant valued at half-a-million dollars, and is in the receipt of a princely annual revenue derive d lrom this invention." Lucas, the workman who fired at and wounded Louise Michel as she was holding forth in the Salle de la Gaite, at Havre, on Sunday, the 22ad of January, was tried at the Rouen Assize*. Louise, although badly hurt, stood up for Lucas from the first, and headed an agitation for his release. Lucas made no attempt to defend himself. He expressed the most lively regret for what he had done, and declared that he was in such a state of excitement that he had no clear idea of anything that had occurred. True to her promise, Louise Michel put in an appearance at the trial. She said that before he fired, she had pointed Lucas out to one of her friends, as he had a bewildered look, and added that from the first she had made light of the affair. She concluded with a warm appeal to the jury to acquit the prisoner. Several witnesses having been examined, a report drawn up by Dr. Brouardel was read. Deputy Laguerre, for the defence, recapitulated the arguments already used by Louise Michel, and, amid loud applause, the jury pronounced a verdict of not guilty, 