r FOOTBALL. The - match, between the : Malinsbury ana \Voodend Clubs i took/place oil. the Maluisbuq Racec6urae on: Saturday in - the presence of a llarge number of .spectators. By a " foolish .Arrangement ito Was decided to play the match in four .quarters,, allowing, only 15 minutes to eafeh quarter: "VVoodend being fortunate euou;h jto win thoi tossj ' kicked; with a strong wind at -.their . backs. , The superior play of the local itftami- ' liowevbr, reridered this advantage of ilittle use , to thbm, i and the first quarter ivai jfinished as follows.:— Malmsbury, 2 beliinds; iWoodehd; ,L. behind. Half-time Bliowcd— 'Malmsbury; 3 . behinds ; Woodend, 1 behinA Third quarter finished up without either aide scoring a goal, and in tho fourth and last quarter .every netve was Atrained by both teams to score 'ft 'victory. Hogg took thb ball neatly, and by ft beautiful. kick Steered tho only goal obtained .during the match, and placed on record the fifth consecutive win for Malmsbury. Wrtllis, £rot't,,T. Nash, J. M'Lure, Horsliekl, Pierce, Eastham and T. Stephenson did good work for Maimsbury, and Jno. Casoy and T. Casey were always " there" for Woodend. The umpiring was done in a very impartial manner. : The match between tho Malmsbury una Kyneton (second twenties) was also played on the Malmsbury Racecourse on Saturday, and war productive of great excitement among tlie com ing fbotballoi-s. Kyneton (who played with one or ' two ' first twenty men) scored two goals to nil;", . Jno.- Murray, Evans, Noble and Pearson showod to best advantago for Kyneton, and J. Lonorgan,- Gibbons, James anil H. Fleming were about the foremost in tho Malmsbury ranks. ' . Malmsbury' first twenty play what is generally supposed to bo tlieir "toughest game" no»t Saturday against Tarndalo on the ground of tho latter. It' may bo worthy bf remark tjmt Malmsbury havo not beon successful in lowering tli'e Taradalo's colours during tho last ten years. The worthy Secrotary of the Malmsbiuy toaw (Mr T. A. Smith) is making strenuous oflorts to prepare a strong team. \- Gonaiderab'e interest was centred (writes our Melbourne correspondent) in the match on Saturday aflornoon between the Carlton aid South Melbourne' Clubs. Tho attendance was very large. Tho Clubs arc running closely for Hin nn>mi'on.li;n 1 1,. KnHnilav Carlton had then scored 26 points out of a possible 2 < and 'South Melbourne 28 out of a possible -I-- ; However, on Saturday the South won the niatd ' easily. At quarter- 1 into the score was— Carltoit 2 goals 3 behinds ; South Melbourne, 1 g0"' t behinds. At half-time South had kicked goals 4 holiiiids and Carlton 2 goals 3 behind'- ;The game Btood ut quarter-time — South, 8 Sp!>. 5 behinds ; Carlton, 2 goals 4 behinds. Grea ;wns the oxcitement. during tho last 1" , J' 'The hearts of the South and tlioir barracke ;boat high ; tho spirits of Carlton's Buppor'et 'were lather low ; but thoy had still Iho h"-' power to clteer their boys on to victory Carlton hasn't a ghost of a chance !" ' idea, and it looks like it, nioro osjieciahy Reid puts on the ninth goal for tho ou"1|,n,''n O'Meara registers the tontli. Tho Can harraokers were deaperate, and their 1 cheering is changed to mufllod hooiing boohooing— except, of courso, when one of . side had a good run or " a beauty" of 11 niaI,i' and theii their drooping spirits 1030 ,Vi.u ronqwod vigor to the clioering point. Ihit 'scoring was against them, and tlieir opp110 , havo a goal and two behinds, nnd the gamo si in favor of South Molbourno by eleven g"-) , .behinds to Carlton's two goals six bohtn Thus the tivo Clubs are now on a par in preim" ship. Tho following are tho results of tho other Rjortant matches played on Saturday after-j Swlnbon :— Geelong 4 goals 7 boliinds v. . Essondonl Sp goals 11 beliinds. Port Melbourne'' -8 goals 9! ||8|bd!iinds v. Riohmond 2 goals 6 beliinds. Norfcli: JjefcMnlhm'ii'no 6. goals 6 beliinds v. . St.,, Kildn' % 2Bgoals 7 '.beliinds.- .. .-Ballarab Imperial 2 goals 0; mbehinds ;v. -.tlniyerBity . 2 goals j'jB beliinds."; .RPitzroyB goals , ll beliinds y. Melboiirilo 4 goals! bebinds. ' Soiitli- Ballnrat 4 goals ID beliinds v. i ®Ballarat-2 gqals 6 beliinds... , r o f j 