Sporting dud Dramatic Gossip. Mr. Daniel Bandmann, at the close of his unluGky London season of two nights, left most of the company lamenting toe failure of the ghost to walk "on treasury day. Bandmann, however, is by -. no means without resources. hp. owns a line rancn m jaumoun, j.<ja u.o has just been purchasing some expensive stud horses. The real Mrs. Bandmann (nee Milly Palmer) has found it necessary to deny a statement in toe Sunday Mercury to the effect that " Miss Louise Beaudet is Mrs. Daniel Bandmann." Mrs Langtry is declared to have, in five years of her artistic life, amassed a fortune of over dbwjUUU, oesiaes navmg auquireu laige tracts of land in California. A new instrument, invented by a Signor Antoldi, of Mantua, is about to be introduced into three London orchestras — to wit, a harp, to which is attached a simple key-board manipu lation. A pianist playing this instrument pro duces the same harp effects as are heard when an ordinary harpist plays with his fingers alone. Madame Patti (says Truth ) has concluded a contract to return to Buenos Ayres next year, at a minimum salary of £1,250 per night, and a further share of the receipts after a certain sum is taken. She expects to sail about 5th March, and to give at least 32 performances before she comes back to Craig-y- Nos in mid-August. Bonnor said in England, in referring to the last Australian Eleven "no set of cricketers ever did the amount of work which the Austra lians have done in 1833." A team of forty-nine men, selected as repre sentatives of Ireland in all-round athletic and hurling performances, have left Ireland for New York. On arrival . in the United States they intend giving exhibition hurling matches in the principal cities, and they likewise purpose contending at the athletic club meetings to be held in various parts of the States. Mr. F. M. Clark's company has been strengthened by the engagement in America of Messrs. Crawford and Turner, comedians, and Rowe, a novelty dancer. George Fulljames, late champion prize-fighter of Canada, has just died at Graudforks, Da kota, from the effects of a blow received about toe region of the heart in a prize fight with a man named Barrett. The opening of the Ballarat rowing season 1888-89 took place at Wendouree, on Saturday, with an eight-oared race made np of crews from toe three local clubs. The race was pulled over the regatta course, and although the weather was very boisterous, toe winning | crew, Wendouree ooat. strokeo by Whiteiaw, j made goo<i time . Ballarat Oity taking second j place. The several clubs have crews in active j training for toe Colac regatta, which takes place in December. Dwyer Brothers, toe most successful racing men in America, have established a private racecourse of their own. Henry Crawford, of Hobart, formerly of Victoria, drew the first prize in a sweep of £50,000 on the Cup. A Canterbury paper states that "Johnny Hall," the well known actor, who died lately, was formerly a sailor, and was toe smartest man on board the 6hip he sailed in. Steel fishing rods are now made, telescoping in form, lighter than lancewood, and absolutely unbreakable. The rod is boiled in oil and varnished so that it will not rust. Arrangements have been completed for a cricket match in Adelaide, between toe return ing Australian team and a South Australian team, on 23rd November. On good authority a N.S.W. newspaper learns that the lucky holder of Mentor in the £50,000 sweep, was a New South Wales squatter named Gardiner, who refused to lay off a shilling. An old intercolonial cricketer. Mr. Alfred Burchett, died in Melbourne, on Monday. Mr. Burchett played in several of toe early inter colonial matches and maintained his interest in the game to the last. The Maori football team have been defeated by the Halifax English team, by four goals and one try to one goal and one try. At the Mayor's dinner on Saturday, Lord Hastings expressed a hopo that an Australian horse would win the blue ribbon of toe Eng lish turf — the Derby. Sportsmen should accept this as a challenge. Rather a rare thing occurred in connection with a Hammer Throwing Throwing Com petition in America. F. L. Lambrecht, who tried to break the record of 108ft. lOin. He was not satisfied and some time afterwards a new measurement was taken, when a foot was added to the original return. J. L. Sullivan is in a very bad state, and even if he does get over his present sickness, he will be unable to take part in sny violent at h iet 10 exercise for some time. The programme is to send him to the hot springs of Arkansas as soon as he can bo safely moved. This unex pected change in pugilistic affairs has put a stop to all challenging and counter challenging in America. 