UPS AND DOWNS. COIAPTER V. (OONTNrwED.) Tan morning service was just over at Wellfield, and the very scanty congregation had rapidly dispersed-all but two young girls, who sauntered leisurely out from the small door at the western side of the build ing, ohatting merrily. ' " How long uncle is to-day," at length :said Rosio Weston, Dr. Weston's niece and clever little housekeeper. "Didn't you notice how important old Dixon looked as he followed the rector into the vestry," said Nora'St. George, laughing lightly. "I do believe that old fossil is never happy unless he is raking up some scandal or other." "1 wonder he isn't tired of trying to inoculate uncle," said her friend, "for he always makes a point of showing him what a mare's nest he has got hold of. Ah I hero he comes," and the two young ladies turned to meet the rector. " Well, young ladies," began the doctor in his deep, cheery tones, " this is an unexpected pleasure. Had I known you were waiting for me, I would have got rid of old Dixon a little sooner ; but he's a regular 'old-man-of-the-sea' to me," laughing. " What was the grievance this morning, nunkey?" inquired Rosio, slipping her hand caressingly through his arm. "Oh, another mare's nest, Rosio. The old story-everybody in fault but himself. I'm afraid we're all troubled with that complaint sometimes-eh, Miss Nora ?" "Not you, at all events, Dr. Weston. You are always willing to listen to reason," replied the young lady, smiling. "From such pretty lips as yours, who could help it?" returned the rector gal lantly. "Now Nora, I won't have you flirting with uncle--he's my special property," asserted Rosio, whilst a mock frown showed itself on her winsome face. "But he likes it, Rosie," pouted her friend. "Don't you, Dr. Weston ? " laughing. "Say 'yes I ' " she added in a whisper, "even if you don't." And he nodded comprehondingly at the girl by his side, whom he had known over since she came-a motherless infant-to stay at her' grandfather's house, which had been her home over since, with occasional visits, paid under protest, to her father's place about twenty miles from WVollfield, where a second Mrs. St. George had been brought to reign only a year after the death of her predecessor. Nora's mother-only daughter of Lord George Trefusis--had died, leaving her husband apparently inconsolable at the speedy ending of his dream of bliss. "lI've got a tremendous favour to ask you, rector ? " continued Nora, " 1Now you must promise to grant it before I tell you what it is." " Well, I don't fancy it can be anything dreadful, so I'll say yes beforehaund Nora," he replied, smiling at her eagerness. " There's a dear old man," replied the girl turning her lovely grey eyes affeootion ately to him. " Now Nora, no wheedling or'spooning, if you please," in mocked displeasure from Rosic. " You know there's a theatre in Wall field? " continued the other girl, without heeding. "I am aware of that stupendous fact," admitted the rector. " But perhaps you don't know that it's to be opened on Moan day next with a grand revival of Hamlet." " Yes, indeed, uncle," interrupted Rosio eagerly. "And we want you, rector,',' continued her friend, "to take us. Now you will, won't you ? " " You know you promised," added his niece. ! A man won't stand much chance be tween two such special pleaders," said Dr. SWeston, laughing comically. and glanuoing now at one and then at. the other as they hung on his arm. . "NWell, if you are determined- ." " Oh, we are quite determined," said both girls together. " Well, then, in that case I suppose I must resign myself to my fate," with a deeply drawn sigh. ,:' Now you know you wanted to go your self," said Nora. "Come, confess," added Rosio. And the reotor found it was easier to agree with his pretty tyrants than to argue the point, " Then we may consider that point set tied," said Nora, as Dr. Weston intimated . that he had a oall to mako. ." 'Oh, Nora, what a very handsome young man," exclaimed Rosie as they were posting some letters. "And a stranger ,too," " Where, dear ?" inquired her, friend, looking up, having deposited the last mis sive in the box. ' , Ho's gone," in disappointed tones. " Like a beautiful dream,", finuished Nora, laughing. ' Ah I you didn't see him," pouted her friend. :"'N6, I didn't. Biin I'll live in hopes of what the future': may bring forth," lightly. :I Why, Boso, you look quite moelanholy. A regular daso of 'love at first sight,' oh ?" Nonsense, Nora,"' a littleO sharply. " Don't be so silly I' . Come in and hayo a cup of tea ? " said Rose Westonl.. "No?jthalnkd, dear.' I promised grand dad to-be home soon with his paper, and I never like to keep him waiting when he has the gout, for he's really very good, poor old fellow, and tries his very best to be patient, and soareooly ever swears-above his breath at any rate-when I'm 'in the 'room, and I kniow heo suffers torture. So i'"guod-by dear;" ' ', VWell, if you won't come in, good-by. :oud won't forgot Monday?" said Miss : e:oston as she opened the gate. 7 "Nbt very likely.' But I shall see you I before tiat,"' returned Nora St. George gas 'ing 'idly up the road they had come, "Is that your handsome stranger ? " as a tall Ifigiiro. with soldierly gait passed along at the ':'bliottom of tlheo ligh-street, where it orossed the road leading to Dr. Weston's ::Yes, that' is the unknown," replied Rosie. 'fIsn't he lovely P " ' Ionly saw the tip of his nose,' dear, and one catn soearcelyjudge from that. But L??e's a nice figure," admitted her friend. ', " Wouldn't it be delicious to have a walts w~.it:h him " inaquired Mises 'Weston, "If he dances well," calmly returned Nora. "Of course," a little pettishly. "But those military men always do. I wonder who he is. Perhaps uncle will know, and hero he comes." " Well, I mustn't wait," protested her friend. " If you hear anything very im portant, Rosie, you might come up with the rector this evening and tell me." " I can't. I am going to the Malcolm's for tennis. Aren't you coming?" But Nora shook her head. " Well then, if I find out who he. is, I'll send you a note. Will that do, dear ? " " Oh, perfectly," assented Miss St. George, with real or well-assumed -noni chalance. " Once more, good.by." CHAPTER Vy. On the opening night of the Theatre Royal, Wellfield, the manager must have felt both pleased and proud at the well filled house which honoured the inaugura tion, and foremost amongst them was the jovial rector, accompanied by his niece and Miss St. George. Rosie was one of the belles of the town, tall, graceful, with golden hair piled high upon her head, and melting blue eyes-a very Hobe. There was nothing particularly striking about her friend, she was only A rosebud sot with little wilful thorns, And sweetoo as English air could make her. I think Nora's fascination lay in her utter frankness, and childlike fashion of saying what first came into her mind, but there was nothing fast or forward about this out spokenness, merely an absence of coquetry and forgetfulness of self, unusual in her age and sex. Rosie Weston, on the contrary, was a born coquette, and never happy without one or two admirers. " Uncle didn't know in the least who he was," whispered Rose, during the pre liminary " tuning-up." " Who he was ? " vaguely repeated Nora, nodding brightly to an acquaintance in the stalls. "Yes,' the unknown,' you must re member," impatiently. "Oh, yes," returned the other, smiling. "Your mysterious stranger. But, you know," mischievously, " if he's your agisnity~ Rose, you're bound to moot him again." "You are always teasing," pouted Rose. It was all one to Nora whether it was the "loeading man " or more " utility," sufficiont for her to see one of her favourite poems represented, and she listened with rapt attention to every word. Her pulses beat as she heard the flourish which preceded the entrance of the court, and she saw her ideal presentment of Hamlet the Dane, and realised with a start and a flush of surprise that he was Rosie's " unknown." " Why, Nora," said her friend's voice at this juncture, "fancy, the handsome stranger is this actor about whom people have been talking; see, 'Roger Kennion,' pointing to her programme. 'It's a good name, isn't it ? I wonder if- it is his own." A universal " hush-sh-h," silenced the volatile girl, for at any rate a few moments, and left her friend in peace to hear the first words which fell from Hamlet's lips. From that moment a spell seemed on her spirits, and she sat as one in a dream until the final fall of the curtain, scarcely heeding the chatter which was going on around her, enthralled by seeing her ideal hero oee bodied in flesh and blood. - The applause which greeted: the conclu sion of every act, the ringing choor which greeted our hero, when he bowed in re sponse to the enthusiastic re-call at the end of the piece, and the warm manner in which Mr. Humphrey's neat little speech was re coived, plainly showed that astute manager that hi had played the right card when he inaugurated a stook season, and had secured a" trump" in young Roger Kennion. Very glad and very proud was our hero that night when he returned to his lodgings, refusing many offers of refreshment from people who saw in him the " rising star," and wished to curry favour:with him. : Too single-minded himself to guess their motives,' he rofused on the plea of fatigue, but ox oitomont would have been nearer the mark, and he wont for a long walk into the country, where' under the quiet stars his elevated soul had time to " simmer down"' to the ordinary requirements of life, and in his own room he wrote a long letter to Maggio Lanehoster, and in the morning sent a bundle of newspapers, with various criticisms, all of a eulogistic oharacter, to her, as well as to his earliest benefactress, Mrs. Greer. . "' Gran'papa," said Nora St. George one morning at breakfast, it was about a fort. night after Roger Kennion's advent,' "you are quite well now, are you not ? "Yes, I believe so," returned the old man. " What do you want, child ?' :" '"Will you go to the theatre to night, graind-da ?"--eoaxingly. ' I want so muche to see Romeo and Julict, and they playit to night. Do say ' yes.' " A slight spasm crossed Lord Trofusie' face, but he answorod calmly enough: "Nora, you are getting too fond of the theatre. I shall have you wanting to go upon the stage next." " Me, gran'father ?'!- echood: the girl in astonishment, " me as if I were half.-no, not a quarter-clever enough. " What has that got to do with it, Bsaid her grandfatliher in oold: and soiornful'tones, butNora laughed merrily. "Do ? Why, everything, I should think, ' she replied. : " Nothing of the sort," said Lord Trofusis, deflantly, "and don't let me hear you talk su'oh nonsousse anain ;a relative of mine dis grace themselves by holding such opinions I Why, -Nora, if I:thought you could be mad enough to mean them, I would turn you out of doors at once, as I did----' But the old man stopped short, overabcome by fury and anger, whilst some painful ro colleption:seemed to add fuel to his wrath. Nora trembled at the storm which, rquite unconsciously, she had evooked. " Nora," at length said Lord Trofusis his face was palo, whilst his voice was hoarse and sounded brokenly-"' promise mo that you will never go to the theatre again. ' Promise," as the young girl paused, '"I 'commnaid you'" "But grandfather, why ?" questioned Nora, utterly bewildered at his violenooe. i Don't question mo, girl,!'thuudorcd tihe old man, "butioboey." . "Ora?dfitlhor, you are unjust," ald.ths girl, surprised at her own *boldness, but strangely unwilling to give the desired promise. "Have I your word-yes or no! " he de manded sternly. "I suppose so," falteringly, the tears starting to her eyes. "That will do," in calmer tones. "I can trust you. Now go." " Grandfather, are you ill ?" questioned Nora, timidly. " No, no, child; dent look frightened. I am sorry if I have alarmed you," replied Lord Trefusis in gentler tones, "'but you 'touched an old wound by your words, and they stung me to forgot myself. I beg your pardon. Now leave me, Nora," as the young girl bent and kissed him,;touched by this unbending of the usually stern, re 'erved old man, and hoping it was a sign he really cared for her a little. Her father was almost a stranger to her, and on her occasional visits to his home she had been treated with such cold civility by her stepmother-who did not feel anxious to have a grown-up daughter in the house -that she was not anxious to repeat them. Her grandfather had always been kind to her, but never loving or. affectionately sociable with her, consequently she had been much thrown on her own resources for companionship. In the surrounding neighbourhood she was looked upon as a very angel of good ness by the poor, and her name was never spoken without a blessing. She had always been a favourite with Dr. Weston, and when Rose came to keep house for her uncle, the two girls became constant companions, although they were so very different in mind and character that you would scarcely have expeoted the result to be-as it was a warm, true friendship- perhaps the " un likeness " was the very bond of union. Left to himself, Lord Trofusis sat deep ini thought for a long time, then went to his. oscritoire and drew out a secret drawer, from. which he took a miniature and 'a lock of curly ohesnut hair. He gazed at both a long time. "Perhaps I was wrong," at last he mur· mured. "Poor boy, if he has suffered half as much as I in: the separation I pity him,. But ho shall come back. I will undo the past," and then the old man sat down to his writing-table and indicted a long letter to his lawyer, enclosing the relics which he had taken from the secret drawer, and then he came and sat down by the fire in his easy chair, and indulged himself in building castles in the air, destined never to be realised, for the occupant lie dreamed of was an inheritor of one of those mansions not made by earthly hands, "whose gardens are the skies." Lord =Trofusis was a fine old man of martial bearing ; his manner was reserved and courteous, but to those he deemed his inferiors brusque and imperious. His only daughter had been his idol, and when shel died a year only after her marriage with Henry St. George,' his heart seemed to have died too, and the very sight of his daughter's child was often too much for his bleeding heart, and lie had rushed away' from contemplating Nora's infantile charms. to indulge his grief alone, and thus a wall of coldness aundreserve h'ad:beon raised beo twoon the two. His youngest son had been a student until the age of five-and-twenty, when"tioey had had a desperate quarrel, the, full pir ticulars of which had never been divulged to anyone, and the young man left home, never to return. . His room still remained"as he' loft it the morning, after his departure from Trefusis Park, and his memory was enshrined.in'the hearts of all the older tenants on the estate. Leaving her grandfather tb his medita tions, Nora. St. George went to put on her hat, . and calling her faithful collie.to her side, who wagged his feathery tail and greeted her with an affooetionate glance of his deep, brown, eyes, she set off for a brief walk. IHer grandlfathor's behaviour had startled her, and she :was so deeply musing onitho point that she almost ran into the arms of a stranger, who was as earnestly studying as herself; but he had a book in his hand, and startiug back with a hasty apiology; she raised helr eyes and encountered tho earnest look of Roger Kennion. A bright blush snffusod her face, and, mutually enlrbrrassed,Lthey came to a full s?top, and after a second's pause Nora smiled at the ludicrous situation. Roger quickly caught the infection and' joined in: her merriment;' then with a seodnd apology,.. uttered in those well-known musical tones, the young man raised his hat and passed on. The current of Nora's tlioughts was only slightly changed by her encounter, as Roger .Kennion 'had been somehow inextricably mixod up withi them before his advent;'but sheo was :b'plk in time to.meeto her grand father at luncheou,. and to notice with pleasure his cheerful aspeot,'and gladly sho secondod his efforts to eiivoverse agreeably, and most certainly never hand oither of tlihem found the other so agreeable and sympathetioc a companion as they mutually did to-day, Roger IKennion on his part continued:his homeward route as if he trod upon air,. His recent rencontre occupied his entire 'thoights, and involuntarily heapietured the owner of the dark grey eyes as all that was pure and perfect in womanhood, and heard' the musical echo of her tones in' al:l Juliet's impassioned speeches. ",Thoro's a letter from Franklvanohester, Rose,:" said 'Dr. Weston 'one "moihiug tdss-' ing a missive across the table as he spoke. " Your fag at college, unole ?" inquir'ed his 'nieco, "and the gontlmain wh'o took your' place at Ryalaton grimtrimar, sohool whein you got this living ? " she continued, opeoning the letter, and the dotoi hnidded an assept to both juestiibns, going on withi his breakfast, and unfolding his paper at the same time.. The letter ran as follows : .' Grammar-school, Ryalaton, 2nd October. ' " Dear ' Dootor, -It was only lately re called to. my mind that you are living in Wellfield, anuid I now write to bog a slight favour, at your hanuds. Thie young follow who won the Quenoon's Soliolatrship three years ago, aud was (I imay own it now) my cleverest and favourite pupil, besidos being endeared to me by oertaiu'family ties, has seeoon fit to turn his undeniably great talents into a histrionio courso, and when he left:me two'years ago, went on the stage. He has worked hard, and is" now:I am in formed by gompetent iudges, one of the.. • • " , : , .:. :', ,': • . rising actors of the day. His name is Roger Kennion, and ho has just settled for the next six months at Wellfiold. If 'you will occasionally receive him at your house I shall esteem it a personal favour, and am certain you will not regret obliging me in this matter.' With kindest regard "and remembrances, faithfully yours,. Frank Lanchester." " Well; iiuncle ? " queried' Rose Weston, with a smile, as she finished the epistle and. raised her eyes, -to' find? the -rector intently watching her. " Well, Rosie,' with a quizzical glance, which brought the color into 'her: cheeks, "what do you say. ?" "My dear uncle," returned the young, lady, striving to, speak carelessly, "what have I to do with, this mattor? ; do not usually control your choice in the matter of guests." " But.I fancy you would be pleased to re ceive' this Mr. Kennion, would you not ? " still watching her downcast face. " I daresay he would be a pleasant visitor occasionally---" "I daresay he would, so we are quite agreed as to the propriety of inviting him~ here---" with a pause. "A friend of Mr. Lancohester's, and a clever man," began Rosie, a little weakly. "But my dear, he must now take his standing on his own merits-hlie is an actor," said the rector. "But there is no doubt he is a gentle man," interrupted his niece, eagerly. "How do yo? .judge of that ? " inquired. her uncle, " because he is handsome-young -has a good voice-a--- " No, no,, uncle; but your friend, Mr. Lanchester, would not ask you to invite him to the house if he were not," replied Rosio. ! Well, to oblige Frank, who, by-the bye, I. have not met for-let me see--yes, ten' years-I 'will call 'upon him at any rate, that will not commit me to anything. 'And,'Rosie, you might give me one of your ',athome' cards, and if I 'like him I will give 'it to him.' !' Very well, uncle," replied.' his niece, rising with alacrity; " if he is nicer, secure him for the garden party on Thursday next. I' don't suppose he will mind about the shortness of the invitation." "I daresay not," returned Dr. Weston,. putting the dainty missive in his pocket. " By-the-bye, didn't Mrs. St. George and her husband accept your invite for Thursday too ?:" Rosie nodded. . "I daresay she will be pleased to make this young follow's ac. quaintance. Her rooms are getlerally half filled with literary and artistic ' lions' of one sort and another." "That's the only reason I care to go to herot house," said his-niece ; "one does meet clever people there. But I don't like lMrs.. St. George,' nnkey, sh'eo always 'reminds me of Lady Audley." " Rosi, Rosie I you're' too bad, child," reprovingly; 'you surely don't suppose the' woman has murdered her first, husband ? " Oh, no, uciole I I 'ever heard that she had .any other husband before Mr. St. George. But'.you'.know :the sort of feeling: I mean," laughing-; :and the rector nodded. " Yes, it's a feeling you ought not to in dulge, Rose. r You take prejudices against people, my dear--", " I don't believe, uncle, I dislike anybody else in .thebo world," 'objected his niece, pouting a little. . .' t'Ioll, then, ..hy. dear,'. drily, "don't make ani xception in the case of Mrs. St., George. If-anyono heard you they. would. say you' were jealous." " What I I jealous of.--rs. St George, uncle ?" bursting into a merry laugh, and gazing at her .own charming reflection in' the pier-glass, " why, she's forty, if she's a day," " I daresay," placidly agreed Dr., Weston; " but she's all the more dangerous on" that account. " "Now, uncle, if you once geot started' on your favourite hobby;" interrupted his niece, my invitation won't get delivered to-day, so. be off, there's a.dear old man, and come back soon and tell me if Mr. Roger Kennion; is half as delightful off. the stage as he is on it," coaxingly; 'and' witl" a' quizzical. sminile the rootor .departed on his errand. When. he returned, he found ;Nora St; George with his niece, ':Before he' had time to greet his favourito, Rosy inquired arohly : "Well, uncle; was he at home'?" ' ' Yes, my dear, and, I gave him 'your card--" Then 'he is nice, and ho must. be a gentleman," interrupted' Rose.: '! Well, you'll have an opportunity of judging oun Thursday, as he has promised to put in an appeaiance ;i so, Nora,be?i sure 'and put on your best bib aidd tucker; and try and captivate him." . - "Who ?"'inquired Nora, Wifnocently. . What I Hasn't Iosie told you.?' said the reotor, and the girl shook her head. "No. .What's the secret, Dootor? You 'must tell, me; I shan't be happy if Iam not. admitted to :the fanily, councils. - laughing, ".Iwantod it to be a surprise, unole,'esaid Roso, reproanohfully. . "Oh, Nora won't tell anyone. I'll answer for her," and. the agirl 'promised compliance and looked from onie ito the other for an explanation, " Well, dear,.. at last said.. Rose, in mysterious tones, :" lis oomning.!: :":.'· '.' So I heard ;Dr, :Weston say before," laughed the other. girl; " but as I have no acquaintance' with Mr. 1o, I wish you would 'furthor. enlighten, me. !:': "Hanilet-Claude Melnotte IRomleo,' aid l'Miss Weston. :i "Do' you mean Mr. Konnion?" demanded •Nora; whilit a rosy flu'shstole over lieri'face at the recollection of lier.-iniontrol ysterday. The very same, my' dear. Arn't you delighted? r am," admitted the.lively girl, "Now, uncle,, tell us abbut your visit to the mysteriotis at ganger- -" But on loolking round. she found the reootor's chair empty,. He had evidentlyloft the room whilst she was myetrio lyon. lightening Nora. ' sei" 1l Thursday dawned as fair and brigit il October morhing, as could be wished for any out.of-door festivity.. ' Nora St. George's young heart beat a trifle more quickly when she' remembered that this 'day 'slihe'wduld mtob amongst her soeial equiles'one who had filled hor im agination over since she had heard: the first tones of. his deep musical voieoo on the stage. Lord' rrofnsis had yielded to the onom bined coaxing of his grand-daughter and her friend, and had agreed to. break through his almost invariable stay-at-hbmeishness, and join the party at the rectory. He was there fore one of the earliest arrivals, and Rosie stood chatting gaily to him, when her uncle crossed thoelawn witli RogerKennion at his' side. As the host shook hands with his noble guest, Rosie turned nwith a bright smile to the young nman, and in 'a pleasant; unoon ventional manner welcomed him. "I hope' you will often favour us by dropping. in, Mr. Keounion," she. said, " though I' fear you will find Wellfield society very. slow "-with an arch glance from her blue :eyes which challenged him to reply in the negative, as he returned 'her gaze with initerest.: . '. ' You are only'too kind, Miss"Weston" (what was there in the few words spoken in Roger Kennion's musical baritone to make old Lord Trefusis :tremble and look' as though ho had seen' a ghost?), "and, be lieve me, I am most grateful to' my dear. old tutor for his introduction." "Introduce me, Doctor,",.whispered Lord Trefusis to, his host; 'and ,the latter, feeling slightly surprised at his urbanity, performed the ceremony. "Mr. Kennion, Lord: Trefusis' wishes to make your acquaintace ; " and the young ,man .turned, and with a graceful .bow ac knowledged the honour. "The rector hurried away to receive fresh arrivals, and Rosie's presence was required elsewhere,' so with a gay -word, of adieu ehe left the spot. ' :Lord Trefusis gazed long and oearnostly at tlib young fellow, add .a puzzled'look came into his face. "Have I met you before ?" he questioned but Roger Kennion shook his head. : " No, indeed,' my lord. I haveo never seen you before to-day ;:but perhaps my face is familiar to you from seeing me in the theatre---" - " I.never go -thero," hastily interrupted the other, and the young man bowed oare lessly' ''' SA chance resemblance to, some other' acquaintance," 'he 'suggested, '"i' a slightly haughty tono, scarcely oaring for the close inspection,hewas undergoing. "I' suppose so," with'a littleosigb, " and. Syet I scarcely think so. I have a marvellous: recollection for' faces, and although yours seems so familiar, it is more as though it' wore at memory-the reflex of some other face which I had once known," in musing, meditative tones.. " Perhaps I knew some of your people ? " -a little wistfully, and yet inwardly amused at his own suggestion.' ,"The idea of a player having any connections I " ho would have said had he heard .the remark made by anyone' else. "I don't think I have any," returned the young fellow frankly. . "But your name is Scotch," persisted the old man, ?' and,, they ;are: usually very clannish. Wereyou parents Scotch ?" "Perhaps," ' returned the other care 'lessly, his 'eyes busily scanning the gay groups in the distaunce. " y parents. are both -dead " . " But you must have some relations ? Uholes, grandparents---" " Oh, possibly, but I don't know, I never heard; in fact,. Lord Trefusis," annoyed by the :old"maun' pertinacious questions "I suppose I am what you would call a' found ling, or: nearly so, and: I. have to make a name for myself. SAh, ;,just, so,' assented =hise listener, "perhaps I might help you in some way." Ho was surphised himself at the attraction he felt towards this young stranger. "Soarcely, I think," returned Roger, with one of- his radiant smiles. " You say you -do not even visit the theatre, so I fauncyyour influence would be limited." ; In that line, perhaps;"' agreed the old lord, pleased at his. frank: mode of speech, "but there are others in which I might be of use - a government appointment, polities-" " - "-You are too kind,' responded the young fellow warmly, .Y but T.am wedded to: my art, If I do not make a name on' the stage I shall never in any other way; bit thank' you a' thousand tiines all the same for your interest in a complete stranger. S"It is unacoountable even to. myself," ' admitted, the other, grasping the hand which Roger offered in so frank and unaffected a spirit. ," Your words mnake an echo in my heart, which brings' a sad memory vividly before. ':Some day perhaps I may tell. you all about it, but not now, -not here; in the 'meantime, sit down and: give' me a:few par ticulars of your life and 'surronudings,: Are you happy at Wellfield'?" 'with a keen glance.:.. " As, nearly perfeotly happy as it is per mitted one to be,"' replied Roger Kennion. " I have. bon very fortunateoin so soon get tinug a:ort:of position, ?My foot is: nowfon the ladder of suooess; and if I am blessed with continued health; it will be my own fault if I ,do not_ mount o the very top round. 11" And you are fond of you art ?" Lord TPrefusis questioned, , ·r: ' I' I'is an engrossing stiidjy.: It:demands all one's thoughts, one's energies, one's time ; you are never dull, lonely, or sad, as long as you feel that you are in siynipathy with Iyour:i nudienoe, and: tliat thieffollow your flights of thought,: One's iart is evory thing to the true student---home, friends, :love'"" and'here Roger pauseid. ".You . are not married ?? ':,the young man sho'ok 'his head, " or +in' love " It was but four woeks since M?r, Humphreys had asked the selfsaminie riestioJ, anid 'then ~thoe.denial had rung out immoediatoly frank and smiling. :Thereowas socarcely a per oeptibleo pause, hut Roger' knew ''what vision had orossed ::his fanuoios, and 'he blushed doeply asi h answered in the nega tive, but " the old:' lord's keenu eyes had noticed the momeitary'hositation, and saw the signs of confusion on thoe:usuallygrave.~ looking, oloyer face, aind drew his own oon olusidns.,'" + ; : ' ; ' ' "lMr. hKennion," said 'Rosie Weston, joinu inmg theoumt' this junoture, " will you take a' hand at tennise-aroe you a playr P?" but Roger shook his head,' .. '"I am grieved to refuse;: you, ' Miss Weston,: but you would be ,more than grieved 'if I- joined your party,.' W: Why? " queried' the, girl, :lauighing. !!I didnt believe:you.are,a had player. He doesn't look like failing at anytlhing;does he, Lord Trefusis ? " noting with admiration tho tall, slon?eur, lb'u'doep .hdo1ted flnr?g , with its appearance of strength combined with natural elegance and grace. "No," returned the old man; " I believe in the signs of success I see written on Mlr. Kennion's face." " Those are the pleasanutost words I have listened to foi. a long time, my'lord," said Roger. . S''And after that.you cannot.refuse my request," asked Rosio. ' You, will .excuse him, won't you.? "!. appealing bightly, to Lord Trefusis, who rose;. saying he would go and see the matcli.h " Oh, Nora," said lio grandfathei; "catch.. ing. sight of. the white-clad, graceful figure, "Come" here, child," and "Roger Kennion found himself face to face with his ideal. "' Nora," 'interrupted Rosin's voice, " let me introduce you to Mr. Kennion-Miss St. George." . .Late. in the. afternoon Mrs.·St. George arrived, and was soon surrdounded by all the 6lie . of the :couiity. .She was a great 'favourite' in society; and' an invite to her charming re-.uions at Teomplemoro Lodge was. always coveted!'as' an honour, and the evenings passed there seemed' more2 like those at Versailles or .at' the. gatherings given by, the "first gentleman in Europe," so full. were they. of :sparkling wit and humour, "rather than' the usual:' prosaic meetings. in a country house in the nine. teenth century. . Mrs. St. George was essentially the same as we have known heei when her name was Blanche Kennion. Perhaaps 8ow'she was a' trifle ' more gracefil, 'more: laniguid, slightly more impertinent, and morre than a trifle batter dressed. Nowi, as she sailed across the lawn at tended by her devoted husband, she looked a queen, accepting the homiageo which was merely hlierdue. ' ' " My dear Rose," -as Miss Weston met her, "what a:glorious day--simply perfect for a fdte chanmpetre. :Are you always :thus 'favoured. Al', Rector I' how iare you:?" smiling on 'him graoiously as he came for. ward. " And where is my little daiigliter the naughty truant. I fear yqu all spoil her 'amongst you, and won't give me 'a chance to enjoy 'her society." ".Nora should, haveo been hero to, greet her mother," said Mr. St. Gebrge, looking round in the vain hope of seeing his daughliter, but lie encountered only the:glaice? of Lord Trefusis. " Nora will be here, no doubt, as soon as she is aware of your arrival," he osaid, a slight sneer curving his thin lips . "It is certainly a pity she was ot 'in waiting on Mrs. St. George." ".Dear Lord Trofusis; youklinow' would not spoil the dear girl's pleasuie for worlds," said that lady in her most fascinating and gushing manier, although Lord,: Trefusis dislilked being gushed at and utterly refused to be fascinated. !' But I -am really dying to see Nora-and I declare, here she comes. What a favourite of. fortune I am:. I never seem to wish for anything bu itit is pi'iun my grasp." "Very lucky, I'm sure," 'growled Lord Trefusis. "Here, Nora," raising his voice slightly, " here is your father, my.dear, and Mrs. St. George is really dying to see you," with an unstudied imitation of tlhat lady's voice and manner irresistibly comic. " How' do you 'do, papa ? :. said Nora. , repressing her naturally affootionato manine~ f , that she might not offend the.delicate nerves, : of her stepmother. ' Roger had accompanied his late oom. panion acoross' the. lawn, and nowi, stood almost by her side,' the bright -rays of the setting sun lighting up his features. Mrs. St. George caught sight of himii~"and a grey, ashen look fell over her always pale face:as she clutched' the, young'girl'sr arm 'convulsively, and shudderingly whispered the question--: '."" Who is ho, what iis hin'iuame :?" " Mr. Kennion, mamma," returned the gia, sitartled by the oagitation of herhi)step. mother, ." Mr. Kennion," slightly raising her voice,; ":allow me to introduce you; to Mrs St. George---" 'AS the young lian advanced," Mi?:St. George became striangely agitated, aind the name .Roger Kennion brought back to her recolleootion "the light of: other days," or irather their diarkness, and 'she could; not but recognise in the splendid young fellow before her the son she had so basely abandoned. ' She became sick at heart, and a thousand apprehensions oppressed her, so muoh so that' she had a 'severe fainting fit, 'and had'to leave suddenly for home. Her pallid,soarod "look puzzled those who wit, iessed her strange excitement. (To to coitnuedt.) 